0f / v
- TBS " TXSASXS8. /}
Alcazar— "The Girl I .-lie if t S»
hlad Me." i/ K 'On '-.
Calif crnia— "roxy H ©y«a<l]?a.7 T /.
Central — Tho Scout'a Raveajre.".
Columbia — "D oily . Varden."
Fischer's — "I. O. XT." "V.^
Gnwi — "TJio Bosnia Briar
Bush."
Orpheoza — Vaudeville. aSatlaa*
To-Day.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 17.
PEACE OR WAR RESTS
IN COUNCIL OF ELDER
STATESMEN OF JAPAN
After seventeen years of service for
the University of California; during
which period he steadily acquired the
esteem of faculty and Regents until
they had thorough confidence in his
integrity, William A. McKowen, secre
tary of the great educational institu
tion, stands a self-confessed gambler,
betrayer of trust anil defaulter. His
peculations, which began about five
years ago, foot up about $40,0CO, and
SaysHeBetMoney
on Races and
Lost It.
McKowen Con
fesses Grime to
President.
SECRETARY OF UNIVERSITY
AT BERKELEY A DEFAULTER
TO THE AMOUNT OF $40,000
CHIEFS OF TTTE"JATA>TESE ARMY AND ~NAVY._. AND AMERICAN' "
REPRESENTATIVE WHO. HAS ASKED THAT A WARSHIP BE
DISPATCHED TO KOREAN WATERS.
W. A. McKOWEN. SECRETARY, OF THE . UNIVERSITY OF CALIFOR
NIA.'WHO CONFESSES -TO' HAVING : EMBEZZLED $40,000, AND
REGENTS OF. INSTITUTION' AND ATTORNEY ' WHO ARE IN
VESTIGATING HIS CAREER. OF" CRIME." " " :
That happened on Tuesday, and on
the afternoon Of that day the report of
the check transaction was wafted across
the bay to President Wheeler, who im
mediately inaugurated an investigation.
The president, loth to believe in Mc-
Kowen's guilt, endeavored to find him
and get an explanation Tuesday even
ing, but when the defaulter learned that
the' cat was out of the bag he mad«?
himself invisible to those who sought
him. Yesterday morning, however, he
visited the president's house at Berke
ley and sobbingly made confession of
his wrongdoing. President Wheeler
was immeasurably surprised and
grieved by the man's statement, but he
did not allow predilection to Intefere
with duty. After suspending McKowen
from ofilce and placing him under the
surveillance of Deputy Town Marshal
Edgar of Berkeley, he 'telegraphed tho
tidings to Governor Pardee and Messrs.
A.'W. Foster, I. W.Hellman and J. A.
Brltton. with a request that they meet
him at 4 o'clock at, the university for a
conference.' The Governor responded
that he was unable to attend, on ac
count of official business, and Mr. Hell
man pleaded Illness and gent In hte
stead E. F. Heller of the law firm of
Heller & Powers, with' instructions to
MARES FULL CONFESSION'.
So thoroughly had the man bamboo
zled the finance committee of the Board
cf Resents that the members of that
body received the news of his defalca
tion with a shock that was not entirely
free from incredulity. But there was
no gainsaying the fact or repudiating
the evidence. McKowen confessed hl3
crime to President Wheeler yesterday
morning and modestly estimated hia
shortage at $20,000, but subsequent in
vestigation raised It to double that sum.
But the confession was not made un
til exposure was inevitable. In a mo
ment of indiscretion— the fatal moment
that sooner or later overtakes the most
cautious practicer of deceit-McKowen
paid a racing debt of $1160 with a check
for $1200 that had been intrusted to
him to place in a scholarship fund. It
bore the signature of Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, and Its possession by "Jim
Davis a dishonored maker of books
on horse races, aroused suspicion and
created inquiry.
he wagered and lost all the money on
the racetrack. He is under a $5000
bond. so. the State is likely to loss
$35,000 as the result vi the extraordi
nary conditions of financial supervision
that cabled Mr. McKowen to operate
so long without detection.
Continued ori^ Fagc"2, Column 3. .
Continued on I'asc 2, Column A,
ERIE. Pa.. Dec. .16.— In a. match
bowling contest to-night the Blue Rib
bon team of the Central' City 'League
established a world's record for a five
man team, •coring a total /of; 1164 pins.
The former record was 1152 pins.
World's Bowline Record.
Continued on Pace 2, Column 1.
LOS ANGELES/ Dec. 16.— Captain
Frank Dillon of the Los Angeles pen
nant Winning ball team and one of the
stars of the: Pacific Coast League," has
confirmed the report sent out from
San Francisco last night to the -effect
that he has sighed with the Brooklyn
National League team aa captain for
, next season. _
» V* ' . '. ' • •
Captaln Dillon Confirms Report. '
: upset. things too ; much, but I have de- !
screed .-that;* while >': those at present
'slaves shall, remain such, their children
shalli be: free. .Thus 1 slavery -will : dis-
V VIENNA. ; Dec. 16..— Count ' von
Kheuenhueller-Metsch succeeds Count
yon'* •Wolkensteln, . who has been re
tired .from the Embassadorshlp of
Austria-Hungary "at -Paris at his- own
request.. * ;• .
Austria's Embassador ito' Paris.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— John. C.
Hennessy, a veteran New York news
paper man, former president of the
New York Press Club, is dead after
a long illness. He was born in Ire
land seventy-one years ago and has
occupied high positions- on. several
leading dailies. :;
Veteran Newspaper Man Dies.
; MANILA, Dec._ 17.— An agreement has
been reached by Governor Taft and the
friars providing for the settlement of
the "friar land" Question. The Pope
has given his approval of th<* terms of
the settlement and the approval of the
War Department Is awaited.
. The , settlement provides for the pur
chase . of acres, comprising all
of the •agricultural lands and build
ings ; of ; the friars, with the excep
tion-of twelve thousand acres. Includ
ing a farm near Manila, which has been
sbld .to; a. railway company, ¦ and one
sugar 'plantation.. ¦ . ;
v The •', price agreed upon . is $7,250,000
gold. The friars originally ¦; demanded
$13,000,000. Governor Taft qffered them
$6,000,000. •
, ¦ Special 'Dlspattfh to The Call.
LONDON, Dec! 1C— William N. Ellis I
has arrived in London from Abyssinia"
and will sail "for the United States in'
ten days. \ Upon his arrival there he
will proceed direct to Washington ;and
deliver to the , Department of State a'
letter from King Menelik welcoming
Americans to Abyssinia "In peace with
out fear."
Ellis said that Robert P. Skinner,
the American Consul : General at Mar-;
sellles, who, is now in Abyssinia, would
find the : negotiating of a * treaty with
Menelik "very -easy 1 . The ; King is very
favorably 'inclined to establish business
relations: with the United '.States. ; . •
Menelik was ; alert, '¦-'. intelligent and
conversant with V' European' affairs,
knowledge of . which he gathered: from '
the diplomats of .the respective, -couh-'
tries, but his knowledge of.. America"
was deficient. He. was very mudhMn-*;
terested :> in ; Ellis* narrative concerning"
American affairs, especially the 'deveK
bpmerit of the colored' race . from. slaves
to the -status ' of vthe' whitss.';. .Upon
hearing ¦ of T PresidenULJricoIn's.; libera
tion I of the ; slaves : tears :cam-r- Into his
eyesVand. he insisted- that the story -.be
told to him a v seMnd\Ume,"\iXcla'lming:
"What a -great, roan!'.' .-He. explained
that' he was - slavery; grad-*
ually. HeVsaW:}:, - '.- ,.\.
' !'I cannot do as Lincoln did. 'It would
Special Dispatch to The Call.-
MELBOURNE, Victoria, Dec. 16.—
The first of the. commonwealth general
elections at which women exercised the
right of suffrage was held to-day, with
the result that all political calcula
tions were upset. The struggle was
chiefly over the fiscal question. The
Government party favored protection
and the opposition supported free trade,
and the third in importance, the Labor
party, agreed to sink the question of
fiscal differences with a view to secur
ing the balance of power, which It vir
tually held in the last Parliament.
The women voters were excellently
organized and cast a heavy vote, al
most exclusively in favor of the Labor
ticket, regardless, of other considera
tions, the result being that the Labor
party won many seats, mainly from the
protectionists, in districts where the
three parties contested. y
The feature of the result Is the re
markable success of the Labor vote in
Victoria, where at last elections the
laborites were" badly beaten. The re
turns are still Incomplete.
REDDING, Dec. 16.— Samuel Mitch
ell and J. Parsons, miners of Butte
County, are digging for a burled treas
ure cave near the Jackson mine, on
Deer Creek. They believe they are
working on the spot where. an old In
dian left a large amount - of . money
which the Indian and his band had
accumulated as the result. of robbery.
The story goes that the old Indian bur
ied the money when he learned that
the whites were about to- attack his
camp. The whites made the attack and
he was slain. His daughter later told
the hiding place of her father's wealth,
but when persons were taken to the
vicinity of the cave the cave to her
did- not seem the same. After much
hesitancy she declared water had
caused the ground to fall and cover the
money. An effort was made to. locate
the money, but It was not successful.
Mitchell and Parsons think they are
on the rieht spot.
KING HEARS
OF FREEING
OF SLAVES
FRIAR LAND
DISPUTE IS
ADJUSTED
Returns From the General Elec
tions Upset the Calculations
of Political Prognosticators
Buttc County 3Iiners Searching
for Treasure Secreted by an
Indian in the Early Days
WOMEN VOTE
IN AUSTRALIA
HOPE TO FIND
BURIED MONEY
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— At the re
quest of Minister Allen at Seoul, who
reports considerable uneasiness and
rioting in Korea, the State Department
has suggested to the Navy Department
that a warship be sent to Korean
waters. It is probable the Wilmington
will be detailed.
TOKIO, Dec. 16. — In consequence of
Russia's reply a special conference of
the elder statesmen of Japan, including
Marquis Ito and the Cabinet Ministers,
proceeded here to-day. It is under
stood that the statesmen are consider
ing the adoption of a firm stand against
Russia.
General Kodama, the War Minister,
was present for the first time at the
conference. There is renewed activity
at the Admiralty in view of a possible
naval demonstration.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 16.— The
Novokai, the personal organ of Viceroy
Alexieff, says: . . . -
"Japan knows Russia's desire for
peace, but she should also know that
Russia cannot surrender vital interests
to foreigners, either. Japanesa or/Amer
icans, by relinquishing her; big under
taking in Manchuria, created at the
expense of Russian blood and treasure."
MOSCOW, Dec. 16.— A copy of the
Daily Vostock, just "> received . here,
throws interesting, light on. the Russian
attitude in- Manchuria. An imperial
commission, which is drawing up regu
lations for Admiral Alexieff s vice
royalty, in rendering various decisions
says: .
"The custom-house question is not
yet settled. It remains dependent upon
whether Russia will retain Manchuria
for herself alone."
Tokio Conference Is Expected to Result in a Firmer
Attitude Toward Russia.
' Nathan Carr, who is well known
throughout the' city.T when seen- last
evening stated that although he did not
believe in'' miracles : he, felti that fate
played' a prominent part. in saving, his
life. He said that he noticed nothing
suspicious ' in ; the; demeanor of Neate
"until his return with the second round
of drinks, and then the insistence of
the fellow' that heMrink the' liquor 'arid
He was Insistent that Carr should
drink and that gentleman had the
glass of liquor to his lips when a cus
tomer came In. He laid his rlass on
the counter and attended to his patron.
He then returned to Neate and started
to drink the cocktail. Fate again in
tervened for the .young man for De
tectives Dlnan and: Wren made their
appearance on the scene and foiled the
villain in his diabolical scheme.
Neate was seized, handcuffed and
taken to .the "Hall' of Justice. *When
searched a bottle half nlled with
strychnine' In crystallized form was
found in his pocket, with several pieces
of Jewelry stolen from the hotel. The
detectives had been trailing him all day
and had arrived on the scene at an
opportune time, as subsequent develop
ments proved.
In the excitement of the arrest Can
forgot the cocktail, but upon learning of
the bottle of strychnine found In the
possession of the prisoner he took the
glass of liquor to Joy's pharmacy, at the
corner of California and Kearny streets.
The druggist In charge, from the taste
of the liquor, to which he first touched
his lips, and the presence of in
numerable white crystals at the bottom
of the glass, stated to Carr that there
Was enough strychnine in the mixture
to kill several men. The glass and its
contents were then turned over to Cap
tain Martin and will be officially tested
by the city chemist.
FATE SAVES. CARR.
For several weeks the roomers at
the Plymouth Hotel at the corner of
Bush and Jones streets' have com
plained of the loss of many valuable
articles, aggregating in value about
$1000. Captain Martin was notified of
the thefts and 'detailed Detectives Di
nan and Wren on the case, with in
structions to catch the crook ' at all
hazards. Neate was employed in the
hotel in the capacity of night clerk,
but suspicion was not- directed to him
until last Saturday, when he suddenly
resigned his position. Since that the
detectives had been on his track.
Yesterday afternoon Neate visited
the pawnbroker store of Carr at 516%
Dupont street and disposed of several
articles, which subsequently proved to
be some of the plunder secured from
the hotel. Neate was most affable and
suggested that Nathan Carr, brother
of the proprietor, take a drink with
him. As the latter could not leave the
store Neate volunteered to go after
the liquor and purchased two cocktails
at the saloon of Ed Labordette, Cali
fornia and Dupont streets. He re
turned to the store and Nathan Carr
and Neate drank the liquor. Neate
then suggested that they have another
drink and again repaired to the saloon
for two wore glasses of the same
liquor. He was much longer on his
second trip and it was thought that
he did not intend to return. He finally
came back" and depositel the two
glasses on the counter.
URGES HIS DRIXK.
BURGLARIES : CONTINUOUS. : -
It was only a stroke of fate that
saVed Nathan Carr, a pawnbroker of
516^ Dupont street, from drinking a
premeditatedly poisoned cocktail last
night.
Leon D. Neate, on? time hotel clerk,
burglar and Borgia by instinct, had
planned to poison the one man whose
evidence would send him to the peni
tentiary. Detectives Dlnan and Wren
arrested the cold-blooded criminal Just
as his would-be victim was about to
lift to his lips a cocktail heavy with
crystals of strychnine. He was seized
by the officers for a series of burglaries
perpetrated by him at the Plymouth
Hotel.
That Nathan Carr lives to tell of his
experience can be justly regarded as a
miracle, and his version of the near
approach he had to death reads like
an act from one of those lurid melo
dramas so dear to the deities of the
gallery. Had it not been for the fact
that a customer happened to enter the
store just as he had a glass of poisoned
cocktail to his lips and the arrival of
the detectives before he could again at
tempt to quaff the his
Inanimate form might be occupying a,
slab at the Morgue-'— • '"•¦¦ "'' ~ K " '-.'•'=— ***
WASHINGTON', Dec. 16.— The report
cf Conrad and Bonaparte on the
charges made by S. W. Tulloch, for
merly cashier of the Washington City
Postcfflce, against the administration
of his offic? was made public to-day.
Under Instructions from the President
the report views the Tulloch charges
'•from a legal standpoint." The report
begins with a brief history and nature
of the Tuiloch charges, and then
makes the following: "preliminary ob
servations"' concerning them:
"No improper official act on the part
«'f any public officer or employe is al- \
loped which did not occur more than !
three years before July 17, 1903, and as
all possible prosecutions are barred we
are led. therefore, to interpret our in
structions to report en these matters
"fr«>;n a legal standpoint' in a broader
sense than' we might otherwise ven
ture to ascribe to them, and understand
that cur views are desired as to the
J^ga! propriety of the official action dis
<-Ifised and n<>t merely, whether it may
or may not have been criminal."
The tendency to evade answering the
charges, evinced by those replying to
the Postmaster General's request for
each answers, the report says, is illus
trated very forcibly by the charges
against Ptfliy S. Heath, former Assist
ant Postmaster General, which have
born heretofore made public, with his
answer to them.
"We consider this answer," it con
tinues, "altogether insufficient, and no
less unsatisfactory in substance than
In form."
HEATH'S OFFICIAL RECORD.
Continuing, the report says the revis
ion of Postmaster Willets' accounts Is
of itself sufficient to show that Heath's
official record is not so clear as to defy
suspicion. It adds:
"Moreover, the "confidential report' of
Inspector in Charge Smith and the
'special report' of Inspector Little tend
so strongly to sustain some of the most
serious charges made by Mr. Tulloch
against Mr. Heath that it is quite im
possible to dispose of these charges by
tailing them "lies out of the whole
cloth,' and especially when we remem
ber that the 'confidential report' is
stated by Inspector Smith to set forth
irregularities discovered by himself,
and that the 'special report* was pTe
pared a whole year after Mr. Tulloch
had left the office. The reasonable in
ference to be drawn from Mr. Heath's
complete failure to meet fully and ex
plicitly accusations -which, as Post
master General Payne very Justly ad
monished him. charged him with many
acts of doubtful propriety, added to the
facts appearing from the record evi
dence laid before us, oblige us to say
that, at least, a strong prlma facie
case is presented of willful and reckless
disregard by the late First Assistant
Postmaster General of obligations im
posed on him by the regulations of his
own department, as well as by the stat
utes of the United States, and we feel
it our duty to add that suspicion of his
personal integrity must be inevitably
aroused in our Judgment by an impar
tial consideration of the facts submit
ted to us and of his plainly inadequate
explanations."
BRINGS IN SMITH'S NAME.
The report takes up in detail the
charges of improper appointments of
subordinates and improper disburse
ments of public funds, as contained in
the Tulloch charges, and after analysis
concludes:
"So far as Indicated by the papers
submitted to us the .persons directly
responsible for these .fraudulent em
ployments were Messrs. Perry S. Heath
and George W. Beavers, neither of
whom is now in the public service. It
Foems clear, however, that this respon
sibility extends in some measure to
the late Postmaster General, who ap
pears to have at least tolerated the
practice after notice of Its existence,
and to the late and present postmast
ns at Washington, each of whom ap
pears to have accepted the transfer to
his office of a number of persons thus
employed without, so far as I? shown,
any protest or exposure, facts cubstan
tiallr admitted to himself in Mr. Mer
ritt's letter of June 23."
Touching the administration of form
er Auditor Castle the report says:
' "We might give further illustrations |
of the auditor's apparent readiness to j
disregard the usual safeguards against j
the unauthorized expenditures, but this i
is needless because the samo. in our |
Judgment, regrettable disposition was
Uhovn in matters, far. more serious.
We have already neen that he not only
passed. the accounts for the 'cleaners'
or 'char women' and of the 'assistants'
in passing on overtime claims, the j
scene and character of whose service
Officers Handcuff Fiend Just as His In
tended Victim Was About to
Drink Fatal Dose.
Former Assistant Postmaster General's
Refusal to Reply to Tulloch's
Charges Is Criticized.
Conrad and Bonaparte Are
Unsparing in Their
Accusations.
Hotel Burglar Tries to Mur
der Witness to
His Crimes.
Report ofLegalCom
mission on Pos
tal Frauds,
Deadly GocKtail Was
Potion for Pawn-"
¦broker Can.
CONDEMNS
THE ACTS
OF HEATH
POISOn
FOILED BY
DETECTIVES
i >\ THE TOSATJCCK.
rorecast mad* at 8an rran
ciice for thirty hours ending
caifisiglitTecember 17, 1903:
Saa yraaciEco and vicinity —
Cloudy with occa
sional "shower*; lig-ht southwest
wind. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster...
The San Francisco CallMcKowen left England early in life
and came to California as a sailor and
took a clerkship in the office of the sec
retary_pf the university. At. that time
he was 20 years of age. He was a- hard
worker and won several deserved pro
motions. .Under the regime of .the late
Secretary . Bonte he was assistant sec
retary and did the main portion of the
work attached to the office of his chief.
The next man , to " fill " the position was
E. W. Davis," who .was in failing
health. Thi3 ¦" virtually gave McKbwen
control of the -office affairs, 'bin
McKOWEX'S CAREER.
Though McKowen had posed. as hon
est among his associates at the uni
versity and with those In whose close
company he was thrown by business
and social relations in the college, there
was another side to his life. Horses
were not his only game, nor the race
track the only channel fnto which the
university's dollars were thrown so
prodigally. He enjoyed the life where
the lights burned brightly while glasses
clink and gay women smile.
To the followers of the racing game
McKowen was a familiar fieure. He
ranked as one of the "old timers" in
the betting ring, and so well, known
was he that he had the privlleee of
credit at more than one book. During
many.of his visits to the racetrack he
was accompanied by Mrs. Joseph
Dieves, .widow of Joseph Dieves, who
for many years managed a resort on
the San Leandro road. It was strongly
hinted at one time that the pair were'
to be married. That the woman ever
received aiiy financial benefit lrom Mc-
Kowen's stealings Is denied.
Mrs. Dieves was not at her home last
night, but a friend authorized to speak
for her said: "It is true that McKowen
and Mrs. Dieves were together a great
deal* about two years ago, but within
the last year they have seen very lit
tle of each other. In fact, it might al
most be said that their friendship has
ceased. I have been with them myself,
but McKowen always kept within the
means of a man living on a salary. It
was only In the matter of his betting
that I ever heard any question as to
where he got his money. He never
gave Mrs. Dieves a single present dur
ihjg: their whole acquaintance. We three
have been to dinner together, but the
dinners ware Inexpensive.
"McKowen was very secretive. I
never knew whether he had lost or
won when I have been at the track
with him, and' I never knew whether it
was his own or somebody else's money
he was playing, j
"Last year he did some very heavy
playing, and not long ago I saw him one
day with his pocket full of twenties at
the track. With people with whom he
went around he' spent money as they
did, and he gave very little of it
away.***
thought of anything except trying to
straighten matters."
HIS DOUBLE LIFE.
brought hi:n no increase in salary.
Later he was given the title of "Act-
Ing Secretary and Land Agent," and
on the death of Secretary Davis last
February the regents took formal rec
ognition of McKowen's services and
made him secretary at a salary of $2400
a year. He held that position until the
crash came to-day.
McKowen is 37 yeara of age and un
married. \ .
UVERY DRIVERS MAY
GO OUT ON" STRIKE
Chicago Jehus Demand More Pay and
Shorter Hours and the Employ
ers Will Xot Yield.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16.— A strike cf livery
drivers will probably be ordered to
morrow, a mass-meeting of the teams
ters' union having been called for to
morrow night to order the walkout.
The drivers demand $14 a week and
twelve hours' work. The owners offer
$12 a week, 25 cents an hour overtime,
an hour and a quarter for meals and
more time off.
The union refused to accept the terms
and further demanded that all men
should be employed directly from the
union. The owners insisted .on, the
right to employ their own, men, al
though conceding the demand that, all
the men Join the union. .afterward.."-; V,
Nearly 2000 drivers ' -will 'be affected^
and half as many stablemen will , be
discharged temDorartly to reduce the
running expenses of the barns.
Killed by a Train.
James Luthie. a stableman employed
by B. Lagan at 2036 Howard street.
was run over and killed at 2:13 p. m.
yesterday by a freight treln of the
Southern Pacific Company on Harrison
street, near Seventeenth. He was
walking on the track in front of the en
gine and as he was deaf failed to hear
the whistle. His head and both arms
were cut off. 1
In Hamburg? . dogs are taxed by
weight; the heavier the dog lafger
the tax that has to be paid for it-
parte on their examination of the fore
going Bristow , report non-concurs as
to certain passages. The Bristow re
port, referring to a certain transac
tion, says:
."The question' of the legality of a
contract with a Senator-elect is a mat
ter that should receive consideration
In connection with this case."'
Conrad .and Bonaparte suggest' that
the Senator-elect's name and the ma
terial facts in the, transaction sru\pld
have been. given. They also say that
the omission of the names of the mem
bers " of ' Congress with whom- Bristow
says Beavers - made ¦ contracts for j the
rental of^ premises Is hardly just to
Congressmen generally. ; ;
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— The full
report of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General Bristow was made public to
day, with the exception of ths exhibits,
which are ' withheld because of the
pending criminal cases. The report re
iVeals many new facts brought out by
the months of investigation and not
embodied in the official abstract made
public a fortnight ago. These are
mostly In the way of important sup
plementary information regarding the
alleged connection of executive officers
of the department with fraudulent con
tracts for supplies, alleged efforts to
promote mining stock among Postoffice
Department employes, Irregularities in
outside postoffices, etc.
. Edward S. Alien, now a clerk at the
Cleveland postofflce, tfccilfied that re
ports he made on the merits of the
Hampden canceling machine were not
satisfactory to First Assistant Post
master General Heath nor to Beavers,
and says he was plainly advUed that It
was Heath's desire that these machines
b.e Installed and the desire of Beavers
"and the general" that he do less talk
ing derogatory to the machine. He
says he Was forewarned of this by hi3
brother, then chief clerk to. the Firct
Assistant Postmaster General, and
thereafter Allen testified he simply In
stalled th'e machines and refrained
from any comment. The machines
proved worthless.
The report says that II. J. Truesdell
of Binghamton, N. Y., of tlie Canceling
Machine Company, told inspectors that
before the order of June 30, 1900, was
given fox one hundred Doremus can
celing machines two hundred - shares
($20,000 worth) of the stock of the com
pany was transferred to First Assistant
Postmaster General Heath, who prom
ised to order not less than three ma
chines at $225 each. In nis affidavit
Truesdell states. .that Green, a State
Senator from New York, told him he
had made this agreement with Heath
at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel one Sat
urday night and that he thought Trues
dell and Doremua should "whack up"
with him: Trufes,dell states that he
agreed to contribute his snare and that
he transferred-fifty shares of his stock
to Green for that purpose.
Truesdell further states that Green
at the time submitted to him a tele
gram or letter from Heath acknowl
edging receipt of the certificates of
stock, and that afterward he, Green
and Doremus.diseussed the matter and
Doremur. agreed to contribute fifty
'shares of his stock. .
"- Doremus denies any knowledge of
stook having' been given to Heath, but
states that he-, did. ..contribute fifty
shares of stock, "par value $5000, ' to
Green' to'b'eiised forthe best Interests
of the company.
Truesdell further states that Green,
at a subsequent date, purchased back
from HAath this^ stock. Doremus ad
mitted; to trie Inspectors that Trues
dellf told him. subsequently .that the
stock which Green. v asked them to con
tribute was tb.be transferred to Perry
S. Heath- in consideration oL;recelvlng
& large- order for. machines. *
Truesdell said- that, (he payments
made to Beavers were | cashed at the
bank by the former' bookkeeper, Mrs.
Ida A: 'Cr'owell/she bringing' the cur
rency to Beavers at the- office of the
company here and then absenting her
self from the room when Beavers call
ed'to receive "the currency; ..that the
payments' were . entered" by ..the com
pany as "commission account," and
that the payments which Beavers al
leged were to be divided with Perry S.
Heath were made with the positive
knowledge and approval of George E.
Green and W. D. Doremus. The evi
dence against Heath was submitted to
the Grand Jury here, but the District
Attorney decided it was not sufficient
to warrant his indictment.
The report of Conrad and Bona-
Fourth Assistant's Fnll Report Bris
tles With Accusations. . •
BRISTOW IMPLICATES HEATH.
Inkstands, gold pens, desk pads, lap;
tablets', desk sets, desk calendars and
blotters for Christmas. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. " ¦ * •
minds not only that there was, as we
said, a failure on his -part while in
office to appreciate the gravity *ot the
situation disclosed by the warnings he
received, but that he still fails to ap
preciate thin situation."
. BERLIN. Dec. 16. — The Berlin
Wagner Society has published an in
dignant protest against the produc-j
tion of "Parsifal" In New York, de
cla,ring that "Richard Wagner's holy
legacy to art. whose production he de
signed to reserve for the consecrated
temple of art which he created, is
thrown away upon auditors In the
land of dollars, who possess no concep-;
tion of the .true essence of Wagner
and probably never will possess any.'!
What the Germans Think of Us.
President Wheeler gave out a state
ment detailing the circumstances of the
McKowen" affair,' . as follows :¦
"I- heard last 'night;- to. my utter as
tonishment/that- McKowen; had offered
a check which had evidently come into
McKowen, who remained in the cus
tody of Constable Samuel Edgar all
day, was taken by his custodian to the
j County Jail In Oakland after the in
vestigation, where lie spent the night.
He was perfectly willing to go and did
not attempt 'to secure bends. No
charge was placed "against him as the
investigating committee has not yet
decided just what charge will be made.
He had a brief 'consultation with his
attorney, P. F. Dunne of San Francisco.
McKowen .made a complete confes
sion of his wrongdoing to President
1 Wheeler, withholding nothing. The con r
fesslon was precipitated by a false
step that this victim of the gambling
mania and his own weakness took to
pay a debt' contracted on the race track
with Bookmaker "Jlni" Davis as his
creditor." Instead of betting money
McKowen negotiated his bets with "I
O U's" and, as he generally lost at the
rate of $300, J 100 and $500 a day and sel
dom won, he soon came to owe Book
maker Davis $1160/ This debt Davis im
portuned McKowen to settle and finally
got a promise from McKowen to meet
him at the Occidental Hotel last Tues
day, with the t ldea of liquidation. Mc-
Kowen kept ;hls- promise and In settle
ment of .his obligation gave Davis the
check for $1200. In accepting the check
Davis . gave .McKowen $40 in change,
the difference between the face of. the
check . and -the debt and canceled the
obligation. McKowen, in .. excusing ; his
conduct for paying his private debts
with the university's money, told Davis
that it was his intention to return the
money . to . ? he [ university - treasury as
soon as he returned to his home in
Berkeley. ;• '/ ¦
'PRESIDENT WHEELER SPEAKS.
McKOWEN IN JAIL.
REGENT BRITTOX. SURPRISED.
"I think before we get through," said
Mr. Britton, "it will be found that at
least $40,000 is missing. It is almost
Impossible to conceive • how a single
man could 'steal that amount of money
and yet escape detection. No doubt it
is the fault of the bookkeeping system,
which has not grown with the growth
of the university. I don't suppose that
anybody is really to blame for the loss
of the money, as Secretary McKowen
certainly carried out his plan of deceit
in a most subtle way. but the system
should certainly have been changed."
Charles E. Snook would not make any
statement for publication on the ground
that he had appeared merely as attor
ney for the Board of Regents and did
not know enough of the proceedings to
talk about them. .•
Mr. Heller, Treasurer Hellman's rep
resentative, said afterward that a pros
ecution' of McKowen wouliV be neces
sary, even if the defaulter could make
good the stolen money, which he can
not do. As he had not conferred with
hjs client he_ refused to say anything
as to the culpability of any ovM for per
mitting the peculations.
It is not expected that the regents
will b!ame uny one for the sj'stem of
bookkeeping that made possible Mc-
Kowen's theft. The system has been
in vogue for many years and has not
only been cumbersome but . unsafe.
The State will have to stand nearly all
cf the loss sustained through McKow
en. The bondsmen for McKowen are
the Pacific Surety Company, which
furnished a bond for, $5000 that it will
be forced to" pay. This leaves about
$35,000 that the State will lose.
Regent . Foster, who is chairman of
the finance committee of J.he Regents,
was chosen by his colleagues to give
out a statement as to the action of the
committee after the meeting. He did
not give out a definite statement as to
the amount of the loss, but said that
the committee would continue to meet
until It had discovered Just what
amount was stolen.
"We have gone over the accounts of
the secretary," he said, "but we are not
yet in a position to state how much
money was taken. We will do every
thing in our power, however, to find out
how it Is possible for a man to take so
much money , without being detected.
There Is mystery somewhere and we
intend £0 solve* It.. 'teach year the aud
itor goes over tiVe r accounts. Most of
the money, , I might say practically all
of It, was first taken from private do
nations arid then replaced by money
taken from the university funds."
Regent John A. Britton, the most ac
tive member of the committee, indorsed
everything Mr. Foster said, and de
clared that McKowen would be prose
cuted. •
WHO IS TO BLAME?
HOW MeKOWENv STOLE.
; The committee of inquiry spent three
hours over the books kept by Mc-
Kowen. and he assisted them in finding
out things. It was ascertained that he
had covered his tracks by manipulating
various funds so that it was almost im
possible"; with the bookkeeping system
prevailing at the university, to detect
his peculations. It was also discovered
that instead of $20,0C0. his estimate, the
total amount of the stealings would be
$40,000. .
For instance, when the secretary re
ceived achoc.k for SI 200 to be, applied
to a scholarship fund he took the mon
ey himself and when tho scholarship
became, dua he would repay it by tak
ing mone;' from • the • general or -other
funds of the university. In order '.hen
to reijr.burso the fund from which he
had stolen the $1200 lie made repre
sentations that he had spent the mon
ey on purchases. In this way he avoid
ed falsifying: the books and escaped ex
posure for five. years.. • - =
This system of thiovery was made
all the more easy on. account of the
fact that the treasurer, Mr. Hellman,
resides in San Francisco and Secretary
McKowen transacted his business in
Berkeley. . There was no check upon
¦ McKowen, and many of his transac
tions were conducted without the
knowledge at the treasurer."
The auditor of the university is J. J.
Herr of San Francisco, who receives an
annual. salary for auditing the accounts
of tno university. Whether Mr. Herr
wfis also deceived" by the. system that
McKowen practiced or overlooked the
peculations through carelessness are
things that the investigating commit
tee has not yet been able to determine.
represent t him. Messrs. Britton and
Foster obeyed the president's summons,
and Charles K. Snook, attorney for the
Board of Regents, also attended.
"I owe all my degradation to the
racetrack^" he said, "and let it be a les
ion to others who may think they may
'win fortunes in the betting ring. The
races are not run honestly, and no man
may ever expect to be successful with
them. When the Bookmakers lose they
find a way to square themselves. They
have left me without a cent of all the
money "I took.
"I never intended to take the univer
sity's or anybody's money. But the
j strange fascination for gambling that is
in some men drew me on. A man wins
5 cents and then he wants to win- 10,
and when he loses he tries to recover
it. , If he has takeri his employer's
money his' road to ruin has begun to
run down hill pretty fast. There is
nothing at the bottom but wreckage.
"As to the future, I have not even
thought of it. I haven't thought of se
curing bonds for my release If I am ar
rested, and I haven't thought of engag
ing an attorney. , I have been so com
pletely downcast that I have not
THE DEFAULTER'S PLEA.
ANTIQUE BOOKKEEPING.
"We are shocked beyond all measure
at this occurrence. McKowen is a very
likable man. Such an ending could not
have been imagined. Nobody with a
heart could see him no\v and not be
moved. Thl3 is complete ru'.n.
"One of the troubles that han brought
on this disgrace is the fact that the
system of bookkeeping is completely
out of date. There is an abundant sys
tem of checks, but they don't check^
Money comes into the haiid* of both
the secretary and treasurer, one being
in one place and the other some other
place. Checks are made out to the sec
retary when they should bo made out
to the treasurer. Thus the secretary
incidentally comes to huve money. He
has been tempted in this case and has
used it, covering up his peculations by
charging the amount against this fund
or that. This expose, I hope, will mean
a complete reorganization of this de
partment, bringing its financial system
into a simpler and more stable form
and making It entirely modern."
REGENT HELLJIAN'S OPINIONS.
It is the impression of I. W. Hell
man of the finance committee ..of the
Board of Regent3 that .the funds used
by the secretary on. the racetrack were
taken from the amounts deposited by
students and donations for scholar
ships. Speaking of the reported defal
cation, Regent Hellman yesterday said:
"The accounts cf the secretary are
examined every quarter by the auditor,
and I cannot understand why the
shortage was not discovered. No. the
secretary does not collect the rents of
property belonging to the university.
That is done by a rent collector, who
pays the money into the treasury. The
State appropriations do not pass
through the hands of the secretary.
Cash derived from the sale of lands Is
paid into the treasury.
"Secretary McKowen has bee^n in the
seryice of the university >nany years.
He* was there as a clerk under Secre
tary Bonte and served in a similar ca
pacity under Secretary Davis. He was
required to give a bond when he was
appointed to succeed Secretary Davis,
but it is possible that the bond was
not renewed. The affair is most de
plorable."
The treasurer of the university is I.
W. Hellman Jr. of the Union Trust
Company. He is in New York and will
not be home for several days.
McKowen, completely crushed and
weeping, sat all day in- the office with
which he has been connected for seven
teen years assisting the efforts being
made to discover the evidences of his
wrong-doing. He was disinclined to
discuss his* affairs at first, but after
ward talked freely about the cause of
his downfall.
"I suspended McKowen from of
fice immediately pending an investiga
tion and the action of Governor Par
dee and placed his office temporarily
in the hands of Victor Henderson. I
then telegraphed to the Governor, who
was supposed to be on his way to Lodi,
to come to Berkeley to meet with the
other members of the finance commit
tee cf the Board 'of Regents.
"As yet we have no precise idea as to
the amount of the peculations, but from
what I have thus far learned it appears
that McJCowen, at different times since
1S98, hae used sums of money that came
into his hands, whether as fees or do
nations, and, instead'of depositing them
with the treasurer, has applied them to
his own use. Ho has been able., to cover
up these thefts by taking corresponding
amounts from the university funds and
charging them as expenditures under
the head of one or the other of the.
funds. He says he has not in any other
way falsified his bookkeeping by mak
ing false entries.
"The loss seems to be divided over
five or six years. So far as we know, or
he knows, in this fiscal year it amounts
to $1200. The total amount we do not
know, though when he confessed to me
this morning he said he thought it
would-be $20,000 or more. He,, says he
got the mojiey in this way only, and
that he spent it on> the race track.
his hands for university use in pay
ment of a private obligation. I imme
diately communicated with all the
members of the finance committee that
I could reach and requested them to
meet" me at my office at 9 o'clock this
morning. I was unable ' to reach
McKowen by telephone, but he came to
my. house at 8 o'clock thi3 morning
with W. H. Smyth and there confessed
to. me that he was a defaulter.
A supplementary report is appended
to the original, embodying considera
tion of a letter from Postmaster Mer
ritt, ""making grave accusations against
Mr. Tulloch." These accusations are
j .considered in detail and the 'cohclu
fsion is reached that, they 'do hot re
! quire modification of any of the *con
clusipns^or hereto
fore ma<i»»-Y'."
' The supplementary report also gives
consideration to a letter from former
Postmaster , General Smith to " the
President, in which certain comments
! are made on the. original report, and
says the Smith";* letter contains noth
ing "leading us to' doubt the correct
ness of the conclusions announced in
the original report.". .The.. report, adds:
!¦ "Mr. Smith's letter shows to our
COMMENTS UPON LETTERS.
"First — That a thorough investiga
tion be ordered, if it has not already
been ordered, (a> of the administration
of the Washington postoffice, (b) of
the administration of the New York
postoffice and (c) of the administra
tion of the office of the First Assist
ant Postmaster General within the
part three years. It is probable that
This recommendation has already been
in groat part and purposes altogether
anticipated by the action of the pres
ent Postmaster General, but as we
are not, at the moment of preparing
this report, 'fully informed as to the
scope of the department inquiry now
for several months m progress un
der his ordei-s, we venture to submit
it. We have, been very favorably im
pressed by the zeal, fidelity and intel
ligence of. the postoffice inspectors,
and deem them fully competent, under
the supervision of the Fourth Assist
ant Postmaster General, to conduct an
investigation as is here suggested.
"Second— That a carefully chosen,
?mal! commission be appointed by the
President to report a plan whereby
the work of the offices of the Comp
troller and of the several auditors may
be removed from all political.^ personal
or other extraneous influences, the of
ficials herein employed protected from
injury through the enmities they may
incur in the discharge of their duties
and the compile competency and in
dependence of all engaged in this
branch of the Government secured
through their selection by free competi
tion, promotion for merit only and as
surance of tenure during the continu
ance of fidelity and eiTiciency on their
own part." - • .
"We very respectfully recommend:
"Eleventh— While we express no
opinion as to the propriety of Sey
mour W. Tulloch's removal from the
office of cashier by Postmaster Merritt.
the precipitancy and discourtesy 5hrt\vn
by the latter in effecting this removal
soem t>> have been without Justifica
tion and tend to cast grave doubt upon
the good faith of the explanations for
the removal itself, and his course was
clearly regrettable in the public inter
est as leading naturally to the belief
that the cashier had been in fact re
moved for his failure to comply with
irregular, and even illegal demands
upon the funds in his custody.
RECOMMEND AX INQUIRY.
officer with any person within or out
of the public service thai the latter
shall receive the emoluments of public
employment under the pretense of be
ing employed without rendering any
service to the Government constitutes
a conspiracy to defraud the United
States, and if followed by any overt act
tending to its accomplishment by any
of the parties renders all of them re
sponsible under the terms of the United
States rtevised Statutes, section 5 MO.
"Tenth— The detail of Thomas . \V.
Gilmer to different work of a. l.iwer
grade ard at a reduced compensation
by F. A. Vanderlip, then Acting sec
retary of the Treasury, und *r all the
circumstances attending It, -«vas ap
parently unjust and oppressive, nnd
certainly disastrous to the pub!'..; in
terest, eir.ee it would be genera ilv find
naturally understood by those cogniz
ant of it ae a punishment infVctod oh
a faithful public servant who had, by
I he honest dljrharge cf his duty. In
curred the enmity of active and influ
ential noliticiars. It seems to have
been preceded by no sufficient inriai/y
on the part of Acting Secretary Van
derlip, nnd would render proper an in
vestigation of the latters conduct
were he still in the United States ser
vice. • •
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
SHARE Till: RESPONSIBILITY.
•Sixth— Charles Emory Smith, late..
Pcstmaster General; James P. Willett,
late Postmaster at Washington, now
deceased; John A. Merritt. his suc
cessor in the said office and its incum
bent; Robert J. Tracewcll. comptroller,
and Henry A. Castle, auditor of the
PonofSco Drpcrtmer.t. all appeared to
have shared in some measure the re
sponsibility — th» late Postmaster Gen
eral for his Fleming failure notwith
standing r«"'2>eatf>d warnings to appre
ciate the gravity of their misconduct
and the consequent necessity for its
prompt and adequate punishment; the
two Postmasters for toleration of these
abuses and obedience to plainly im
proper orders without exposure, or. ap
parently, protest, and the auditor and
comptroller for acting upon lax and
arbitrary principles in the administra
tion of their respective offices, whereby
the payment of illegal and seemingly
fraudulent claims by the treasury was
rendered possible.
"Seventh — The employment of subor
dinates in postoffiees about' Xo become
ciapsed for the purpose of securing
their admission without examination
into the classified. service was a prac
tice in fraudcra legis, and . officials
guilty of it thereby established their
own unfitness for public employment.
"Eighth — The employment of so-called
'laborers' to do 'class' work was clearly
illegal, and under the express direction
of the civil service rules to be punished
by dismissal from office.
AMENABLE UNDER THE LAW.
"Ninth— An agreement by any public
"Fourth — The report of Inspector
Crowell and the facts relating to the
claim of «J<?orce \V. Beavers above set
forth indicate the possibility that simi
lar conditions may have existed both
within and beyond the ppriod of limita
tions in the New York postofflce.
"Fifth — The persons primarily re-
Fponrib!e for the abovo mentioned
abuses and the resulting scandals ap
pear to have been Perry S. Heath, then
Fim Assistant Postmaster General,
and George W. Beavers, then chief of
the salaries and allowance division.
neither of whom i? now In the service
of the United States.
SUM3IARY OF THE REPORT^
The summary and conclusions 'of the
report, are as follows:
•'As a result <if our inquiry the "Tul
loch duties' ar.d of the confederations
hereinbefme set forth we have the
honor to report that. In our judgment:
"First— The discussion <>f the Tulloch
charts has revealed the existence of
drploraMe and gravely -discreditable
abuses during the years 1S9S, 1S39 and
XtOO in the War-hington postofflce and
th« <;ffioe of the First Af distant Post
master General.
"Eecond — These abuses Involved con
duct on :ho ri.irt of the various public
officials nrhich was coTtairsly nften il
lppal and may have been so:netimes
criminal, but such offer.r<?s, if com
mitted, were in all cases committed
more than three rears before wo were
ordered to investigate the charpes, and.
so far as we are clearly Informed, more
than three years before Mr. Tulloch's
interview of May 1 last.
•'Third—Thn evidence laid before us
sy^grcsts the possibility, and even prob
ability, but does not prove, that abuses
have continued both in th<» department
and in the postoffice subsequent to the
ecrly rammer of 1P<X>. when we lose
Eight <»f them, and that In connection
therewith criminal acts may have been
committed within the pericd of limita
tions.
the ir.sr>cctor? could not find out from
the postmaster or any one e!se (as to
these it it possible, although hardly
probable, that he may have been mis
led), but actually allowed Mr. Beavers
the illegal and fraudulent ilaim for
"expens-op" which, as Mr. Castle's own
memorandum says, "really constituted
saiary' — th" palary of an office which
Beavers did not and could not legally
hold nnd which no one. not ?•yen the
President, could have promised him so
as to bind the United States, either
legally or morally, to keep the promise.
We find it impossible to Uoobt that
Mr. Heath. Mr. Van Cott and Mr. Beav
•rs= himself, all knew the payment of
dis additional compensation was ex
gresply forbidden by law and that it
r.as called Expenses' to evad ; ; this pro
hibition."
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
glass of v.ater seejned peculiar.
"I Intended to drink the cocktail,"
said Carr, "and would certainly have
done so If 1 had not been Interrupted
by the customer and a few minutes
later by the arrival of the detectives.
I trust that I wilKnot pass through a
similar ordeal. After the examination
of the liquor by the druggist a realiza
tion of the danger In which I had been
placed came home to mo, and I assure
you that It brought the beads of cold
perspiration out on my forehead."
Neate will be held on the detinue
book pending further Investigation by
the detectives. Mere evidence v.as se
cured against him late last nighl, and
several articles found on him were
identified as having been stolen from
the rooms of Herbert Thompson of the
Bank of California and from the apart
ments of a Mrs. Brown.
. : ¦-/¦¦• . ¦ .-¦¦¦-, .>¦¦¦., .-.¦¦.: ' ., .- ¦.:;:..- ¦ ¦:. v: • ¦ -¦¦¦... ¦.....:. I f. !,¦ ¦.-..-:¦.¦.¦;. • ¦ ,.-¦¦¦... ¦ .-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER IT, 1903.
POISOSEB FOILED BY DEUGTlVES.
Continued from Page 1, Column 4.
LEGAL COMMISSION INVESTIGATING
ALLEGED POSTAL FRAUDS CONDEMNS
THE COURSE OF PERRY S. HEATH
SECRETARY McKO WEN'S PECULATIONS \
OF UiSflVERSITY FUNDS' EXTEND OVER
FIVE YEARS_ BEFORE EXPOSE COMES
2
A Guaranteed Cure for.' Piles.
Itchtngr, Blind, " Bleeding" or Protruding Piles.
Tour ¦ druggist wUl refund : money if ¦ Pazo
Ointment fails to cure you in 6 to 14 days. 50s*
\ OTSW ADVEBTISEME3JT3. .
, -- - ¦ "— - -
TO CTTBS AHT DISEASE * ,
The CauM Must Bo Bemov«d. S«m» Way
•With Dandruff. £
Kill the germ that causea dandruff,
ialllns hair and baldness, you will have
• no more dandruff, and your hair must
grow luxuriantly. Newbros Herpiclde
not only contains the dandruff germ de-
stroyer, but it is also a most delightful
hair dressing for regular toilet use. No.
other hair preparation is on this acto.r^
tiflc basis of destroying the dandruff
germs. ' It stops all irritation, keeps the
scalp sweet, pure and wholesome. Re-
member -that something claimed to be
I "lust as good" will not do the work of
' eenuine nerplcidoSold by. leading drus-
I lists Send 10c In stamps for sample to
Tlie Herpicide Co., Detroit. MlcH, ijgf
FREE TO CALJj WANT AD-
VERTISERS.
A SALT A^D PEPPER
SHAKER
FREE TO EVERY
"WANT" ADVERTISER
IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL.
• Each and • every want -adver-
tiser in the Chr Isam ts Call will
be presented with this very ¦ at-
tractive novelty, -which 7 is of
handsome appearance, highly
nickel plated and made .with a
very pretty celluloid band. It
¦will certainly, prove a useful
household . utility.
•' Tliis ¦; premium can only be
obtained by bringing; a '.'want"
ad.' for insertion in the Christ-
: maa Call. : It cannot be secured
in any other way. • •
V .- ADVERTISEMENTS. _
J a,c Rets j?
Kellers "'fyr^
.V... V \V£. have the best Smoking Jacket proposition in San
Francisco. For; $5.00 we are -giving the kind of Jackets that
sell for several/dollars m6re; at other stores — so we have been
-. told, by customers many, many times lately. The fabrics are
new. the designs th'e latest. v . . ...
We have others : as,hi gh as $18.00— -but nothing better for
the money asked than the $5.00 one. ¦" . . '^y^
r^ ; .'»" Other Things You Might- Give:
1- Gloves Suspenders ¦• ¦ • .Hosiery
- Handkerchiefs Bath Robes ./ .j Sweaters {¦¦
Umbrellas . Pajamas , . , ;' Hawes' $3.oo.Hats>' (
Neckwear- : .'. Fancy •Vests ' ¦' Mufflers £;•£¦
for anyr amount. vThcv.will be received as/cash-in 'either our
.--•Saa-rrancisco. or Oakland store^V. I-'; •-¦'•"• ; -'
1026 1030 MARKET STREET SAN FRANCISCO^ j i
nJ . ADVimTISEMENTS.
_J __ _
r L RU litt IXiLO I UE\l.O and vicor
jP^^^^^^ 8^ Writes Mrs. Dr. Edwards, of Iowa.
Most of th^ Allnvnts Peculiar to 7\^^S^^^?C^=^^^^^^
"Every physician knows that while the >_ J& ~"^^r^*^^^sr^: :^^^^gs £££*?
proper remedy will restore health the //jiv^^V^N^A^'N^^^^^^S
wrong medicine will act as a poison. Any w^^Alni "^^ *~
physician .knows that if he does not ad- \v *vY^ Ay* _x*\£V^ S^L^ 15^^
minister the proper medicine for a cer- fti A \\ j^^^^S^^^*^
and it is therefore very important that n«kX\ >^ -- — -S^y^^-^-
derful medicine to use in diseases pecu- apSC^SSgli— *"^^^« i^^ , J/y /dZ^
so far never observed a case which wets f .^F
riet R. Edwards. fatrV'i rniUJMWiJX'tfJii'iLi lj 1 ¦jmuJlU'LlB^
Peruna has cured thousands of cases This Is not true. Catarrh is liable to
of female weakness. As a rule, however, attack any organ of the body; threat,
before Peruna is resorted to several bronchial tubes', lungs, stomach, kidneys
other remedies have been-tried In vain, and especially the pelvic organs. •
A great many of the patients have tafcen Many a woman has made this^ di*cr>v-
local treatment, submitted themselves to ery after a long siege of useless treat-
surgical operations, and taken all sorts ment. She has made the discovery that
of doctor's stuff, without any result. her disease is catarrh, and that Peruna
'The reason of so many failures Is the can be relied upon to cure catarrh
fact that diseases peculiar the female | writes from lilt
Aim" RFrOfiX'IZFO as betns caused -j suffered for years with a pato i^>
not KEtUb!\l/.tU bycatarrn . These the small of my back and ri^ht *\A«.< It
AS CATARRH. i organs are lined Interfered often with my domfstie and
1 bv mucous mm- sarlal duties and I never supposed that 1
Dy raucous mem- M be cured, as the doctor's medicine
branes. Any mucous membrane is sub- dl(1 pot soem to he i p mo any.
ject« to catarrh. • »r took Peruna faithfully for seven
Catarrh of one organ is exactly the | weeks and am happy indeed to be able t<>
same as catarrh of any other organ, say that I am entirely cured. Perfect
What will cure catarrh of tht> hoid will 1 health on<;c more is the boat thing I
\\nat win cure catarrn or ine neaa wm j ¦ o ld wlsh for aml thanks to Peruna I
also cure catarrh of the pelvic organs. J^" that nO w."— Minnie E.' McAllister.
Peruna cures these cases simply because \f you do not receive prompt and satis-
it cures the catarrh. ' factory results from the use of Peruna.
Most of the women afflicted with pelvic write et once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
diseases have no idea that their trouble
is due to catarrh. The majority of the "ice gratis
people think that catarrh is a disease Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
confined to the head alone. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
Ask Your Druggist for a free Peruna Almanac for 1904Fall Kills an Aged Man.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 16.— Orrin. Taylor,
aged 82 years, died this afternoon as
the result of injuries received by a fall
on the street last Saturday. He had
been residing at the . home •*" of his
daughter, . Mrs. C. v F. . Morse,. and while
walking: with his grandson on , Satur
day : tottered; and fell, striking his head
upon the granite curbing, causing con
cussion of. the brain. His body will
be sent to Morgan, Vt, for Interment,
Women Organize Improvement Club.
NAPA. Dec. 16. — More than fifty
representative women of Napa met at
the City Hall Tuesday afternoon for
the purpose of organizing an improve
ment club. The immediate efforts of
the organization will be along the Una
of working for the carrying of the
coming bond election. Mrs. G. M.
Francis v.as elected president, Mrs.
Anna Holden vice president. Miss
Fisher secretary and Miss Claire
Goodman treasurer.
REDDING, Dec. 16. — Tramps have
been flocking Into town during the past
few days and are committing many
crimes. Tom Kemper, a bartender,
v.as held up by an armed man early
this -morning while he was going to
work. Officer Eainbridge was ap
proached this afternoon by a hard
looking character, who gave him 25
cents to furnish a meal for a tramp
arrested earlier for selling fake jew
elry. The policeman started to arrest
the man, who struck at him and ran
off. Bainbridge threw his club at the
fleeing tramp, T>ut missed him. The
tramp then picked up the club and
threw it back at the officer, making
him dodge. The fleeing man escaped.
Redding Is Infested by Tramps.
The schooner Zenith, with a crew of
ten and twenty passengers, is frozen in
for the winter near Golovln Bay. The
vessel is in a very bad position. The
passengers are in good health, well sup
plied and in no danger.
A dispute ha$ arisen between the
city and Federal authorities over the
body of an Indian woman which was
found just within the city limits and
which the city, authorities refused to
bury. The city officials finally cared
for the body after dogs had got at it.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 16.— A tele
gram to the Times .'from Nome, De
cember 3, via St. Michael, says: To
day the Government officials announced
that wireless communication with
Nome would be established inside of
ten days. Several partly successful
tests have been made.
There is a financial crisis existing in
Nome. Merchants demand cash for all
purchases, credit being entirely sus
pended.
Boodle charges against the City
Council are being freely made in the
papers.
Nome's debt is 535,000, with no Income
until the first of June. *
Financial Crisis Forces Mer
chants to Demand Cash for
Goods and Xo Credit Is Given
The steamer Discovery was a small
ocean-goint? vessel of about 200 tons.
She was built at Port Townsend in
1833. She nailed from Yakutat fur
Seattle early in October with about
thirty persons, including a number of
passengers. Some days later wreckage
was found near the mouth of the S;;al
River. It Is the opinion of marine meu
that the vessel foundered in a storm
and all on board met death.
The United States revenue cutter
Rush has gone to the scene, taking the
Indian as a guide.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Dec. 16.— A special
dispatch to the Times from Juneau
says the wreck of the steamer Discov
ery has been found. An Indian from
Cross Sound found the wreck and
brought the news to Juneau.
United ' States Revenue Cutter Rush
Goes to the Scene, Taking the
Red Man us a Guide.
INDIAN FINDS WRECK
OF STEAMER DISCOVERY
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 16.— The Su
preme Court has rendered a decision
which holds in effect that in locating
a section of oil lands the lines of the
Government survey are to be followed,
even though the amount thus enclosed
may exceed 160 acres, and may also b.?
left outside the claim stakes set up by
the locators. The decision was given in
the case of Mrs. J. M. Crawford vs. th*
Kern Oil Company in favor of the com
pany and overrules the Superior Court
of this county. .The land Involved is
three acres in the heart of Kern River
district, all of which was outside the
location stakes set up by the company's
locators and part of which Is in excess
re the ICO acres in the section. An ap
plication for a rehearing is to be filed.
Many claims are affected by the decij
ion.
Holds That in Ix>catlng a Section the
Lines of the Government Survey
Must Be Followed.
SUPREME COURT DECISION
AFFECTS MANY OIL CLAIMS
NAPA. Dec. 16. — Miss Mary Boggrs,
v.ho has been librarian of the public
library for seventeen years, resigned
to-day. The resignation is written in
n sarcastic tone, presenting: thrusts at
the library trustees and the public.
She writes that "'librarians as a gen
eral thins do not expect to be regard
ed as a sort of Chinese cheap labor,"
and be directed about in the discharge
of their duties.
Ilcsi«riis I'rom Napa Public Library.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 16. — Santa
Rosa is to have an up-to-date system
of electric street railway. The mem
bers of the Common Council met this
morning to consider the matter of
advertising for the sale of a franchise
covering many important streets in
this city and Us a result of their de
liberations determined to offer the
franchise for sale. The petitioner Is
Burke Corbett of San Francisco, who
represents the Petaluma and Santa
Rosa Electric Railway. The company
is now building from Petaluma Jto
ward this city and proposes to estab
lish an interurban line through Green
Valley to Forestville. Santa Rosa is
to be connected with this system.
The fact that the Council has de
termined to advertise the franchise
for sale is a cause for great rejoicing
in this city.
Common Council Decides to Sell Fran
chise Covering Many Important
Streets in Thriving City.
SANTA ROSA TO ENJOY •
BETTER RAILWAY SERVICE
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— The national
convention of the Prohibition party will
be held at Kansas City, Mo. The ex
ecutive committee of the party so de
cided this afternoon.
Knnsas City Gets Convention.
LOS AXGELEXOS COMPLETE
BIG DEAL IX CUBAN LAXDS
Acquire 150.000 Acres in Province of
Puerto Principe on North Side
of Bay of Xuevltas.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 16. — With the
expected ratification of the reciprocity
treaty with Cuba to-day comes the in
formation of an important land deal
which embraces the acquirement by
Los Angeles parties of a tract of 130.
000 acres of land in the province of
Puerto Principe, on the north side of
the bay of Nuevitas. which it is pro
posed to subdivide and sell in lota of
ten to fifty acres each. William H.
Carlson, former United States Com
missioner of Railways in Cuba, has
organized a local syndicate consist
ing of E. S. Field, former Supervisor
of this county; E. L. Doheny. an oil
man: Charles Stranbury. local con
tractor; Strong & Dickinson. F. B.
Harbert and E. S. Butterworth, real
estate dealers; Perry A. Howard, con
tractor, and J. M. White. The proj
ect calls for heavy Investments and it
'« expected to interest Eastern capital
in til? enterprise. It is intended to
lay out a t <v " rn site upon the land an<i
establish agencies for exploiting the
tract at New York. Toronto, Chicago,
Los Angeles and at Havana or Nue
vitas. The land was acquired Jn one
block from the trustees in whose
name the original Spanish grant wa3
vested.
SUTTER CREEK. Dec. 16. — At. a
meeting of Sutter Creek Union, West
ern Federation of Miners, last night
it was voted to declare the strike off
at the South Eureka mine. The three
men who were discharged will not be
taken back, it being claimed that a
satisfactory reason was given for their
discharge. One of the engineers be
longing to the Western Federation of
Miners was called out shortly after
the strike was declared. November 16,
and he will not be employed again,
the reason given by Superintendent
Moore being that there is no place for
him, as the mine will have two en
gineers 'hereafter. This refusal may
cause more trouble:
- Superintendent Moore will take
back the men as fast as places are
found for them. Several went on to
night. The mine has been kept free
from water by the two engineers re
maining. They are members of the
engineers' union and not subject to
orders from the Western Federation
of Miners.
Men Will Be Taken Back to Work as
Soon as Places Can Be Found
for Them.
MIXERS AT SUTTER CREEK
DECLARE THEIR STRIKE OFF
NAPA. Dec 16. — Justice McKnight
handed down an important decision
to-day in the case of N. W. Collins, as
executor of the estate of William Cof
fey. deceased, against the board of
directors of the Veterans' Home. He
gives the plaintiff judgment in the
rum of $rO3 47, with interest and
costs of suit, but denies $96 damages
prayed for in the complaint- In the
decision Justice McKnight holds that
the pension money should be distrib
uted as directed in the will of the de
ceased and not in accordance with a
rule made by the home management
in relation to the disposal of such
moneys. He holds that the rule is
contrary to the general laws of the
State of California and in excess of
the board's powers.
The case is likely to be appealed to
the Superior Court by Attorney Frank
L. Coombs, representing the defend
ants' as th» deciFion is considered a
far reaching one.
Court Rules That Money Left by De
cedent Must Be Distributed Ac
cording to Terms of Will.
DIRECTORS OF VETERANS'
HOME LOSE COFFEY SUIT
NOME IS SHORT
OF READY COIN
"'Well,' I said, 'we. ¦will not have a'
union man on the place, and I'll tell
tyou that In plain English, so there shall
be no misunderstanding. If you go to
Rand3burg and affiliate with the union
you will lose your jobs.'
"They asked me about the fare to
Randsburg, and I told them if they
made up a crowd of more than ten I
would get them a special rate. On De-
I cember 3 seventeen of them showed up.
I went with them, but Berryman signed
the ticket and checked the baggage.
Each man was told by myself in the
| presence of two or more witnesses in
I my office that we had broken the strike
at the mine.
"The complaint was filed on Decem
ber 8. I have a certified copy of it, and
j my attorneys, Frank McGowan and H.
j W. Hutton, declare that it is not worth
i the paper It's printed on. We will, at
' tack it, first because it is alleged the
j offense of misrepresenting conditions at
the mine w*s committed in San Fran
l cisco and the Randsburg Justice has
no Jurisdiction, and, second, on the
complaint itself as worthless, and,
• third, on the ground that the men were
| in no wise deceived. Berryman claims
I did not tell him about the strike.
"Sheriff Kelly of; Kern County holds
the warrant for my arrest, and I have
talked with him over the 'phone. He
told me he was about of the same opin
ion as myself about the complaint. I
i told him if he came to San Francisco
j after me he might as well lay In a
' .year's provisions, because I would fight
the thing through the last court.
| "We are keeping a heavy guard
around our property, but the strike is
broken, and since October 1 we have
been running our 130 stamps every day. j
We got 100 Missourians among the new
< men, and the greatest trouble we have
I is to keep them from going out and
fighting with the remnants of the men
who went on strike."
"We had a strike of miners at the
Yellaw Aster mine that we broke in
September. On October 1 we resumed
operations with 200 non-union miners,
and have been going ever since. John
F. Berryman, the man who swore to
the complaint, is one of a bunch of
seventeen men who were sent from San
Francisco on December 2 to work at
the mine. Berryman and all of the rest
of them were told by me that there had
been a strike on, that we had broken
the strike and that they could go to
work provided they were non-union
men. The first time he called at my
office Berryman was accompanied by
three other men. They replied then:
" 'Oh, we're not union men.'
John D. Ackerman when interviewed
last night at his residence in Oakland
said:
TUCSON, Ariz., Dec. 16.— A count of
the prisoners in the Tombstone Jail this
morning revealed the fact that "twenty
had escaped last night along with Stiles
and Alvord. Of these one returned, but
none of the others have been captured,
although the chase Is a hot one and
every officer in the line country has
been pressed Into service. United States
Marshal McCord, who is still at Tucson,
will ask the Department of Justice for
authority to organize a party here, as
Tucson has become the headquarters
for those engaged in the chase. At least
one party of the escaped prisoners has
been traced to the Huachuca Moun
tains, and another is believed to be
headed in that direction.
Stiles and Alvord were both seen
shortly after daybreak this morning by
an Indian who was trailing them. He
came to Huachuca siding at 6 o'clock
and reported that the two desperadoes
had passed him, going toward the Hua
chuca Mountains. They did not see
him, as he concealed himself behind a
monster cactus. Both escapes were
mounted and armed with rifles and re
volvers. A posse under Deputy Sheriff
McDonald arrived at Huachuca siding
from Tombstone two hours afterward
and Immediately took up the trail of
the fugitives.
One of the posse returned to Fair
bank late this afternoon and reported
that some of the outlaws had been sur
rounded in the Huachuca Mountains.
Later a report was received announc
\ ing that the men had succeeded in es
i caplng the posse and are now riding to
; ward the Gunsight district.
Jack Virgin, a deserter from the
navy, who was in jail and among the
: escaped prisoners, followed them for a
mile and then returned. He says that
Stiles and Alvord went straight to a
point jn the gulch behind the jail,
where horses and arms were wailing
them. They then mounted and desert
ed the rest of the prisoners The others
divided in two parties. One is composed
of Jim Bennett. Louis James, Depriest
and O'Brien, the highwaymen: Gould,
the Bowie murderer, and Sailor Brown,
a noted thief. The other party is made
up mostly of Mexicans, who were in
jail for petty offenses. Many of the
latter band are believed to be in, hiding
in prospect holes and old shafts be
tween Tombstone and Bisbee, and un
doubtedly will be captured.
Colonel XV. C. Green of Cananea, So
nora, who was at Bisbee at the time
of the jail break, has taken a personal
interest in the apprehension of Stiles
and Alvord and has offered a handsome
reward for their capture. He wired
Colonel Kosterlltzky, in command of
the rurales at Magdalena, to send out
a troop for the purpose of capturing
Stiles and Alvord or any other prison
ers who attempt to cross the line.
Colonel Kosterlitzky left Magdalena
this afternoon at the head of a troop
of rurales. He goes to the Cierro Pinto
Mountains, a favorite Sonora rendez
vous for Stiles, Alvord and other des
peradces. This section is west of
Npgales and south of the Gunsight
country.
Special Di»patch to The Call.
Coyote Point is owned by the Bowie
estate, and the rumor is persistent that
the present plans contemplate the ex
tension of the road from Third avenue
and Railroad street to the point, where
a recreation resort, including baths, a
hotel and other attractions, will be
erected to accommodate the large
crowds of visitors which flock here dur
ing the summer. It is given out unof
ficially that all this is to be accom
plished In time for the coming sum
mer season. It is also said that as
soon as Senator Clark has recovered
from his illness he will look into this
enterp^se with a view to tafcine an
active and financial Interest In it. In
this event a more extensive line than
Is now contemplated may be expected
to materialize. The tracks now being
laid are for an electric road.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 16.— Ground was
broken yesterday for the construction
of the new Bowie & Clark railroad,
which Is to connect San Mateo with
the coast towns of Halfmoon Bay and
Pescadero, on the west coast, and
Coyote Point, on the bay. Large quan
tities of steel rails, crossties and other
materials have been arriving for sev
eral days, and all are now being dis
tributed along the route.
Engineer E. F. Haas of San Francis
co, who has charge of the construction,
put a force of laborers to work on H
street yesterday, and the work of grad
ing and laying the track will be vig
orously pushed forward. The route will
be from the intersection of Third ave
nue and Railroad street, at the South
ern Pacific crossing, down third ave
nue to H street, through H to Poplar
avenue, thence through that thorough
fare to Coyote Point. The franchise for
this road was granted at recent meet-
Ings of the County Supervisors and
City Trustees to Henry P. Bowie and
Charles XV. Clark. Under its terms the
road must be completed In the city lim
its within two years and in the county
within five years. Just how much of
it will be built now is not known. Clark
is still in the East and Bowie Is reticent
concerning their plans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mexican Rurales Are Sent Out
From 3Iagdalena to Capture
Any of the Fugitives Who
May Try to Cross the Border
Large Quantities of Steel Rails,
Cross Ties and Other Material
Arrive and Are Now Being
Distributed Along the Route
BROWNSVILLE, Or., Dec 16.— An
attempt was made to blow open the
sale In the Southern Pacific depot last
night, but after drilling a hole in the
top of the strong box and breaking off
the combination lock without being
able to open the door, the safecrackers
gave up the Job in disgust.
It Is believed that the cracksmen are
the ones who operated at Xewbcrg re
cently, and who cot away with sev
eral thousand dollars from the bank at
Sheridan. The fact that no explosives
were used prevented any one discover
ing the burglars while they were at
work. The depot Is located a short dis
tance from the totvn proper and is de
certed after nightfall.
The robbers had secured^ tools with
Trhich to break the sare lock by rob
bing a nearby section-house. This is
regarded as conclusive proof that the
robbers are the same men wtio broke
Into the bank at Sheridan, as they, too.
had resorted to a section-house for
tools.
Special IXspatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 16.— Governor
Pardee has decided to issue a warrant
of rendition in the case of J. E. Chand
ler, who is wanted in Colorado to an*
swer a charge of conspiring to commit
arson, but will defer action for two or
three days in order to give Chandler
an opportunity to test the extradition
in the courts on habeas corpus if he so
desires. F. H. Thompson, an attorney
of Los Angeles, .representing Chandler,
who is detained in that city, made the
claim that Chandler is not a fugitive
from Justice for the reason that he was
not in Colorado at the time the offense
complained of was committed.
The Governor has granted a pardon
to J. M. Bridges, who was released
from prison nearly a year ago and who
is now in business at Bakersfield. The
object In granting the pardon is to re
store Bridges to citizenship.;
Governor Pardee has granted a com
mutation of the sentence to life impris
onment imposed upon Pedro Yanes,
convicted of murder committed in San
Diego County. Yanes has, with credits,
served a sentence of twenty-four years.
He was convicted of having killed a
station agent on the Colorado desert,
and was only 15 years of age when the
crime was committed. .The Superior
Judge by whom Yanes was sentenced
and a number of influential people of
Southern California petitioned the Gov
ernor for clemency. By the commuta
tion granted Yanes will be released the
first Monday in December, 1906.
Foo Yock, a Chinese sent to prison
for life and who later-became insane
and was committed to the Stockton
State Hospital, will soon be released,
his relatives desiring to send him back
to China. The Justices of the Supreme
Court have assented to the return of
the Chinese to his native country-
Manning" of Randsburg has issued a
warrant for the arrest of John D. Ack
erman,' attorney and agent of the Yel
low Aster Mining Company in San
Francisco, on a charge of shipping
workmen to the district under false
representations as to the conditions
there. The warrant was issued under
the provisions of a law passed by the
last Legislature, by which the offense
is made a misdemeanor.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 16.— Justice
STOCKTON, Dec. 16.— A deputy
United States Marshal passed through
Stockton to-day to serve copies of the
injunction issued from the Federal
court in San Francisco on the 150 strik
ing miners at Hodson. The officer
reached the Royal Consolidated mine
about 5 o'clock this evening and began
service of the papers.
A telephone message from the mine
this afternoon announced that all was
quiet, but that trouble was feared as
soon as the strikers had been served
with the injunction and the mine made
an attempt to reopen. One hundred
and sixty strikers and sympathizers are
camped about the mine. They main
tain a complete picket line around the
property and have allowed no one to
pass the line except the mine officials.
The mine has a guard of five watch
men, armed with repeating rifles. The
engineers have remained on duty and
the pumps are running. It was fur
ther stated that the strikers had at
lost learned of the injunction against
them and that they seemed consider
ably worried, but inclined to be de
fiant. An attempt will be made to re
open the mine with non-union help
brought in from outside points. It is
stated that arrangements have been
made to ser.d in a crew of men to
morrow.
The United States Marshal will serve
the injunction to-night and to-morrow,
and if the strikers thereafter disobey
the court order warrants for their ar
rest for contempt of court will follow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sorters raised his lantern and peered
in. The "thing," which was wrapped
In white, began to rise, but instead of
rising in an ordinary way it floated
straight up.
Sorters did not stay to Investigate.
The same thing occurred again Satur
day night and an investigating com
mittee is now trying to determine
whether it was an optical Illusion on
Sorters' part or whether some one is
attempting a practical joke. Sorters
and others residing in the neighborhood
now go home by a roundabout way,
giving the church a wide berth.
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— Kalama Jias a
sensation in a ghost which la said to
haunt a church there. Dick Sorters,
a young colored man, was the first one
to whom the ghost n»ade its appear
ance.
In the rear of the church la a small
room. In which there Is a bed and bed
ding. The bed, when not in use, is left
unmade, with the covers thrown over
the footboard to air. The path young
Sorters follows home each evening
leads him near a window of this room.
There being no blinds he could easily
see the Interior. One evening last week
as he passed the window he says he
noticed something resembling a human
being lying on the floor beside the bed
and in the moonlight it looked decided
ly ghostly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TWENTY PRISONERS
MAKE THEIR ESCAPE
FORCE OF LABORERS
COMMENCES GRADING
Cracksmen Are Believed to
Belong to Gang That Broke
Into the Bank at Sheridan
Attempt Is to Be Made to Re
sume Work With Non-Union
Men and Trouble May Follow
Questions Arise Under New
Law and the Accused Man
Laughs at the Allegations
Sentence of Life Imprisonment
Imposed Upon Murderer From
San Diego Is Commuted
Residents Appoint Committee
to Make a Thorough Investi
gation Into the Whole Matter
MAY APPEAL TO COURT
GUARDS WATCH PROPERTY
PEOPLE SnUN LOCALITY
Ground Is Broken by Projectors
of the New Bowie and Clark
Road Which Is to Connect San
Mateo With Coast Towns
BREAK COMBINATION LOCK
STRIKE RAISES AN ISSUE
Stiles and Alvord, Who Broke
Jail at Tombstone, Secure
Horses and Arc Now Heading
for the Huachuca Mountains
Bold Attempt Is Made to Get
the Money in Strong Box in
a Railway Depot in Oregon
Union Men Induce Bandsburg
Justice to Issue Warrant for
Arrest of John D. Ackerman
Decides to Issue a Warrant
for of J. E. Chandler,
Who Is Wanted in Colorado
Young Colored Man at Kalama
Tells Weird Story Concerning
the Doings of a Specter
Deputy 3Iarshal Notifies the
Striking 3Iiners at Hodson
of Federal Court Proceedings
ARMED MEN
GIVE CHASE
TO BANDITS
BEGIN WORK
ON RAILWAY
ENTERPRISE
ROBBERS FAIL
TO OPEN SAFE
SERVES COPIES
OF INJUNCTION
GOVERNOR ACTS
IN ARSON CASE
SAYS A GHOST
HAUNTS CHURCH
ATTORNEY MUST
ANSWER MINERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17.-1903.
WALLACE, Idaho, Dec. 16.--Sheriff
Maniey and deputies, acting on in-
Ftr jctlon from District Judge Morgan,
to-day raided al! the ealoons in the
Coeur d'Alene towns, including Wal
lace, Wardner, Burke and Mullln, and
confiscated all gamblir^r devices. Two
large • truckloads of paraphernalia
was seized and will be publicly burn
ed or destroyed at Wallace.
Gambling lionises Raided.
VAM.EJO. Dec. 16.— Ho Soon, a do
mestic in the employ of Dr. C. E.
Turner, Health Officer of this city, was
married this evening to Fannie Tru,
a girl from the Chinese mission in San
Francisco. The wedding took place
at the home of Dr. Turner and was
attended by many society people.
Society Attends Chinese Wedding.
741 Market st.
We Rre selling agents for fountain
pens that will nt your hand; cost from
$1.00 to J5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
Physician Weds an -Alameda Belle.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 16. — Dr., Ed
ward J. Ruddock of Guerneville and
Miss' Eva L. Stanford of Alameda
were married this afternoon in the
parlors of the Occidental Hotel. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. E.
J. Hoskins of the Guerneville Congre
gational Church. Dr. Ruddock is a
prominent practitioner of Sonoma
County and has resided in Guerneville
many years.
3
FREE TO CALL WANT AD-
VERTISEUS.
A SAUT AND PEPPER
SHAKER
FREE TO EVERY
"WANT' ADVERTISER'
IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL.
Each and every want adver-
tiser in the Christmas Call" trill
be presented with this very at-
tractive novelty, which is of
handsome appearance, highly
nickel plated and made with a
very pretty celluloid band. Jt
will certainly prove a useful
household utility..
Tills premium can only be ob-
tained by bringing a "want" ad.
for insertion In the Christmas
Call. It cannot be secured in
any other way.
ADVEKTTSEIEENTS.
The skin ought to be
clear ; there is nothing
strange in a beautiful face.
If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
and clear, -unless the
health is bad. A good
skin is better than a
doctor.
The soap to use is
Pears'; no free alkali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over the world.
or *k° cook v.-ho
keep a jar of tho
OF BEEF al-crays at hand both for fla-
voring &oups and sauces as well as for
mating that haady cup of hot beef tea,
will oblige by sending her address to
Comcille David & Co., 105 Hudson St.,
New York, N. Y. She will receive free,
a useful cook bock.
Famous the World j
Over— Fully^MaturedJ
f > '
•Told Everywhere. i
mj.bKJtT Jttfci.OANTll-^ CO.. O
j'aciflc Cui; Acer.t*. JR.
I
Doth rcor.omxal and Iurrur
ious -- Schilling's Best — ::t
your grocer's; and moneyback.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^ ._ j ._^_BRAYING. CACKLING, CROWING. HOWLING. QUACKING BEASTS
THAT HAVE RIPPED THE AIR OF ALAMEDA TO SHREDS, UNTIL
THE LAWMAKERS HAVE RISEN TO SILENCE THEM.
California calendars and art souvenir*
for the million. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
School; Teachers Elected.
BERKELEY, TDec.S 16.— The Board
of Education has elected the following
named teachers: Miss Lede Blehl, Miss
May Gallagher, Miss Calla Frasier.
Miss Louise Davis and Miss Amy Mott
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Dec. 16.— The
first great test match at cricket
between the teams from England and
Australia, which has just been con
cluded, lasted six days and was won
by' the Englishmen r by five wickets.
KiisILshmen Win at Cricket.
Our frame department is showing a
new line of frames in Kilt, oak and art
pouveau finishes. Good for Christmas.
Eanbjrn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market at. •
Automobile Race Date Set.
PAUIS. Dec. 16.— At a conference of
the- representatives of the automobile
clubs of eight nations held here to-day,
it . was decided that the race for the
James Gordon Bennett cup shall take
place between July 7 and 15 next over
a course 54 miles long.
Fifty million gallons of petroleum
were produced in Burmah and Assam
last year.
Gaylor on Second Trial.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.— The reennd trial
of Charles T. Gaylor for burglary was
begun before Judge Ellsworth to-day.
Gaylor was caught in a closet in the
home of Professor Wilkinson of Berke
ley on the night of Sepleml^r 1. He
pleaded that he was drunk at his first
trial and the Jury disagree-! as to a
verdict.
Carmen Elect Officers.
OAKLAND. Dec. 18.-The Carmen's
Union held its' annual election to-day
at headquarters, the contest being
spirited throughout. The result fol
low.: President. W. H. Ellison: rice
president. J- W. Smith: financial sec
retary, in doubt: recording secretary
T F \rderson: treasurer, t. U.
Straub- conductor. Frank Williams:
btraiiD. lj Klirtne u : sentinel. Sam
warden. =•• Jvn^' _' .,„„.,„ lonc
Kerdall- trustees. G. B. McHale. lonj.
Jerrn Robert Scott, middle term: E,
FitTsimmons. short term: delegate to
Fre 3 r?onvention. George K. Crane:
deleeafs to Federated Trades. J. V,.
SrSh Charles Parsons. A. 3. Ander-
S'Vh Ellison. J. Km -ill
also go 'to the Federated Trades as an
extra delegate.
Dealh of Aged Widow.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.— Mrs. Caroline
A. Burney, an old resident of this city,
died last night at the home of, her
daughter. Mrs. W. J. Jenkins, in Fruit
vale, at the age of 80 years. The re
mains will be sent to Burneyville. in
the San Joaquin Vaiiey. which town
was named after tho husband of de
ceased*. Major Burney, f or interment-
Salvation .Army Will Give a Christ n
Tree for Needy Children at the
Local Headquarters.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— The Salvation
Army is making preparations for its
annual Christmas tree for poor chil
dren, which will be given at the local
headquarters on Christmas evening.
In addition to the tree a large num
ber of complete Christmas dinners will
be distributed to needy families In
Oakland and a special distribution will
be made of garments and shoes.
A large number of circular letters,
asking for contributions to the fund,
have been sent out. Last year the
Salvation Army sent out 165 baskets
of provisions.-.
WILL DISTRIBUTE MANY
DINNERS TO THE POOR
WRECKER OF TRAINS
THREATENS RAILROAD
Prosecution Trying to Fix Responsi
bility for Letters Written to
Great Northern Officials.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 16.— It devel
' oped this afternoon at the trial of Isaac
Gravelle, charged with dynamiting
! Northern Pacific trains, that the Great
j Northern Railway Company had re
ceived a threatening letter mailed two
months ago from Cascade, Mont., in
which a demand was made for $15,000.
• The State claims Gravelle wrote the
! Cascade letter. Most of the time of the
| prosecution so far has been taken up in
an effort to prove the handwriting of
Gravelle and to connect him with let
, ters demanding- money from the North
; ern Pacific.
Returns From Boston's Election.
BOSTON, Dec. 16. — The city election
returns, completed to-day, show that
Mayor Patrick A. Collins, the Demo
cratic nominee, was re-elected by a plu
rality of 26,495 over George H. Swallow,
Republican. The Democrats also elect
ed their candidate for Street Commis
sioner, twelve of the thirteen Aldermen,
and all of their nine candidate;, for the
School Committee. The Common Coun
cil will stand: Democrats 54, Republi
cans 22. The triumph of the Democratic
School Committee candidates over the
combined opposition of the Republi
cans, the Non- Partisan Public School
Association and the Independent women
voters is viewed as one of the most Im
portant features of the election.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. IS.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Samuel W. Mc-
Caw. 3?. and Rosemond A. Jorgenson,
34. both of Walnut Creek; John An
derson, 41. and Matilda C. Wilson. 37,
bolh of San Francisco; Charles H. Bil
lington, 26, and Lillian Maggio, 26,
both of San Francisco; Robert I.
Vxk'n, over 21, and Lillian M. Stamer,
over 16. both of San Francisco: Robert
E. Grubb, 23, and Luella L. Benjamin.
24. both of Oakland; William F. Wlld
erson. 25, and Jessie E. Campbell, 22,
both of Oakland.
PORTLAND, Or... Dec. 16.— Fire which
originated in a Chinese tenement lo
cated In the heart of the business dis
trict of this city at midnight did dam
age to the amount of $50,000. The blaze
was first discovered In the lower por
tion of a three-story brick building on
the west side of Second street, between
Stark and Oak. occupied by Chinese
merchants on the lower floor and as a
lodging-house In the upper stories. The
flames soon enveloped the whole build
ing and spread to the building occupied
by the American Type Foundry Com
pany, which was badly damaged.
pMlng the accounts. It will require
the examination of, say. thirty-five pay
rolls containing each -fully two thou
sand names and involving between sixty
five thousand and seventy thousand en
trtes. Twenty extra men were working
on the rolls last night and by continu
ing the night work we will doubtless
be able to commence payments early
Manager Chapman Says Every Possi
ble Effort Is Being Made to
Hasten the Settlement.
General Manager Chapman of the
United Railroads yesterday issued the
following statement in response to the
report that the Carmen's Union is about
to demand a hasty settlement from the
company of back wages together with
the 5 and 10 per cent ad'vance due the
employes under the conditions of the
recent ruling of the board of arbitra
tion:
"The company is doing its utmost to
hasten the payment of the extra money
due to the carmen under the award of
the board of arbitration. We fully ex
pect to commence payment next week.
Before the wage demands of the men
were submitted to arbitration the com
pany voluntarily promised that what
ever the award might be it would con
sent that the Increase commence to run
as of May 1. For this the union expressed
Its thanks to the company. The task
of going back over the payrolls and seg
regating the men Into the three classes
according to the length of service, and
then accurately ascertaining the num
ber of hours each manwerrked each week
from which to figure their additional
earnings, i3 stupendous. The Increase
of pay is figured by the hour and to as
certain the actual hours worked by each
man is essential. The secretary's of
fice is devoting night and day to corn-
borhood that rolls over and brays in
his sleep. A donkey might be a patient
animal, but this (Is not so with, the
human being who lives near him.
Captain A. P. SmiJey— Pullets are alt
rieht. but we should do av.ay with all
old hens and roosters. Thpy are the
ones that make the .noise and the
trouble with their cackling: ami crow
ing. Cats also' should be barred from
the city and donkeys should be ad
mitted only on circus days. I hope that
the chanticleer ordinance, with all the
needed amendments, will pas3.
Tube to Heater Breaks and Escaping
Fluid Nearly Causes the Death
of J. A. K-.vin£.
BERKELEY. Dec. 16. — J. A. Ew-
Ing, proprietor of the University
Phaimacy, corner of Addison street
;md Shattuck avenue, was overcome
tins morning in his bedroom by £as
escaping from a broken tube connec
tion to a heater in the apartment.
Ewing was unconscious when his
c'trk. H. E. Sadden, attracted by the
odor of the gas, investigated and
founa his employer in a serious con
ditim. Sadden worked over the
semreless man after clearing: the room
of the- fluid and restored Ewing. The
drvtreist explained when he regained
himself that pressure on the tube had
caused the conection.to part and send
t}.r> llow of gus into his room instead
of into the stove.
CARMEX ARE TO SOON
RECEIVE OVERDUE PAY
GAS OVERCOMES A
BERKELEY DRUGGIST
HEAVY DAMAGE BY
FIRE IX PORTLAND
Blaze Starts in Chinese Tenement ami
Causes Loss of $50,000 to
ANNA ROSS REFUSES TO
SURRENDER HER SON
l>ccllncs Offer From Alameda People
Who Would Take Her Offspring
Into Their Household.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.— Mifs Anna
Ross, convicted of murder, and by the
verdict of a jury condemned to life
imprisonment, has refused to consent to
ih<5 adoption of her nine-year-old boy
by Angus Mclnerny and his sifter, Mrs.
R. M. Williams, of Alameda. She has
decided that the home where he now
is in Ean Francisco is the ba£t place
for him. Mrs. Rofs will aopear for
eentence Friday.
BERLIN, Dec. 16.— Owing to his mis
treatment of soldiers on 150 counts and
abuses of authority on 100 counts a non
commissioned officer named Franzeje
of the Eighty-fifth Infantry has been
sentenced to five years' imprisonment
and dishonorable discharge from the
army by a court-martial held at Reds
burg. The court declared Franzeje had
displayed the "brutality of an ox
driver."
One witness who had run his head
against a wall until he dropped uncon
scious the seventh time was asked by
the Judge:
"Why did you do such a senseless
thing?"
"An officer told me to do so," was the
reply.
"But he had no right to order you to
do such a thing," said thie Judge.
"I had to obey," replied the witness.
"If I had not he would have reported
me for insubordination."
Franzeje had a favorite stick, which
he called "Friedrich Wilheim." This
he broke while beating a private, and
he got another and christened it "Fred
erick the Great," who, he said, was
"the best sergeant the Prussian army
ever had."
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1903, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
PUERTO PLATA, Dec. 16.— From
dispatches received here it is learned
that heavy fighting has been going on
at Santiago for the last two days and
that the revolutionists have been re
pulsed. General Caceres has Issued
a proclamation declaring tnat he be
lieves General Jiminez has driven out
President Morales and that hit will sus
tain the Government to' the utmost. '
The Government has advise J all fam
ilies to leave Santiago. General Na
varro, Governor of Monte Christl, has
arrived to reinforce the revolutionists
and a decisive attack is expected in a
very short time.
Telegraph wires leading into San
Domlneo have been cut and no news
can be received from the capital. It is
believed the rest of the country will
stand by the Government. President
Morales is expected in Santiago at any
moment to restore order.
Governor Cespedos of Puerto Plata,
seeing that the commander of the fort
refuses to obey his orders, has resigned
and left Villa Nueva. T t he Assistant
Governor, is now In command. The
garrison of Fort Villa Nueva Is ap
parently in sympathy wJth the revolu
tionists. , .:,.;<
Conqueror of Wos y- Gil in
Santo Domingo Triumphant
After Two Days' Fighting
German Courf-Martial Sends
**Xon-Com" to Prison and
Discharges Him for Brutality
CRUEL OFFICER
IS DISHONORED
VICTOR RESTS
WITH JIMINEZ
roliee Claim the Pardoned Slayer of
John KeUy lias Committed a State
FORMER JOCKEY WARD
WRECKS A LOCK-UP
Prison Offense.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16. — Richard
Ward, a former jockey, who was par
doned by former Governor Gage after
serving nearly all of a ten years' sen
tence in San Quentin penitentiary for
killing John Kelly at the old Bay Dis
trict race track, is in serious trouble
with the Oakland police. Ward was
2rrested for drunkenness. Whil? con
fined temporarily in the West Oakland
]ock-up. awaiting transfer to the City
Prison, Ward wrecked the cell, smash
ed a partition, and thereby, according
to the police, committed an offense
punishable by imprisonment in a State
penitentiary. Captain of Police Wil
son will make application to-morrow
to Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach
for a complaint againist Ward. Ac
rording to the former jockey's brother,
Ward is insane.
STATE LUNACY COMMISSION
HOLDS QUARTERLY MEETING
I Proposition to Have Patients In the
Asylum Make Their Own Clothes
Is Given Consideration.
STOCKTON. Dec. 16.— At a quarterly
meeting of the State Commission in
Lunacy and the superintendents of the
State hospitals for the Insane to-day
the proportion of havinsr the patlent3
in the asylums make their own wearing
apparel was considered at length, but
no action was taken. Papers were read
! by Drs. Asa Clark and A. W. Holaholt
of the Stockton institution, and both
were extensively discussed by the doc
tors present.
After the joint session the Commis
sion in Lunacy Indorsed the plan of the
Stockton managers to install an Ice
plant and authorized them to proceed as
soon as improvements now under way
are completed. New plumbing was or
dered in the old- building at Napa and
the managers of the Agnews Hospital
'¦ were authorized to call for bids for a
j cottage to accommodate 104 persons.
No action was taken on the request
of the managers of the Southern Cali
fornia Hospital for a cottage to be used
I by the female help.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 16.— "And what will
the roosters do then, poor things?'
might well be asked of the future of
local chanticleers, as it was of Cock
Robin in the nursery rhyme, if the or
dinance that is now before the City
Trustees, and which will practically ex
ile the crowers from the municipality,
is passed. Not only will the chickens
have to take a back roost, but gabbling
geese, quacking ducks, squawking
night herons and gobbling turkeys will
also have to move If the measure be
comes the law of this island. ' mterest
ed residents have • deluged the City
Trustees with a request to amend the
ordinance so that the voice of the
braying donkey will not be heard in the
city and that the night-prowling bac
chanalian tomcats will be forced to
seek other back yard fences than those
situate and lying within the corporate
limits of the city of Alameda, whereon
to raise meows to high heaven and at
the same time raise the Ire of all who
hear the hair-elevating discord. Grunt
ing pigs and dumb rabbits likewise
have enemies here and these persons
are endeavoring to persuade the City
Trustees that the proposed ordinance
should be framed to prohibit the pres
ence of such animals in Alameda, ..-x
cept In the form of pork, ham and ba
con, or rabbit stew. Here ! are what
some representative citizens think
about the now famous anti-poultry or
dinance and the proposed amendments:
Judge R. B. Tappan— I think this asi
tation could be settled by having chick
ens licensed the same as dogs. Rib
bons of various colors could be fastened
about the necks of the roosters and
hens, or, better yet, metallic bands
could be put on their feet. I would not
favor taxing cockerels or pullets until
they were several months old and knew
enough to run when one threw a chunk
of coal at them. I must confess that 1
like chickens, but particularly so when
they are dished up in savory brown
gravy.
Senator E. K. Taylor. Mighty Wong
of the Whljte Highbinders— It grieves
me to see so much opposition develop
ing against chickens and pigs. Both
make ui> the favorite dishes of the
Highbinders and if we are to be de
prived of them it will be demoralizing
to our appetites. The City Trustees
will strike a solar plexus blow at Ala
meda's unique Oriental organization if
they deport poultry and swine.
George J. Foster— I am against cats
and have been that way since I was
able to throw rocks. It matters not
to me, however, if the poultry ordinance
is bo amended as to prohibit the keep
ing of felines in the city. At our house
we have an anti-cat statute that is in
force both in the front and back yards.
We have traps and spring guns to up
hold the law and down the cats. In
the last six months nineteen of these
yowling disturbers have gone into our
deep hole whence no cat returns.
Captain M. W. Simpson— I like chick
ens better in a pie than I do in a
back yard. As I am interested in this
fowl ordinance, however, it would not
be fair for me to say too much about
the matter at present.
Judge F. S. Gone: — No pigs should be
permitted within the. corporate limits
of Alameda until they have first seen
the butcher. Ducks have always been
a favorite bird with me, although I
will admit that there are many quacks
about them. As to. the chickens — well
that is a different lay-j-one that I am
not prepared to hand down nn opinion
on.
City Marshal John Conrad— My pet
fowl Is the jailbird. With thickens I
have naught to do except when I mix
with them occasionally in a restaurant.
It .is up to the Board of Health and the
City Trustees to "run in" or run out of
town- all roosters that disturb the peace
and ganders that gabble at everybody.
Edward Dean— I am for amending
the poultry ordinance so that It will
require the owners of brayjng donkeys
to muzzle the ' beasts berore they go to
bed. If this is not done it will: be
hardly worth my while to go to bed,
as there Is one of the long-eared and
loud-mouthed quadrupeds in my nelgh-
Clonkmnkers Still on Strike. Several
Unions Affilinte With State Fed
eration of Labor.
The Street Railroad Carmen's Asso
ciation has raised Richard Cornelius'
salary from $100 to $150. which will
carry with it the additional duty of
business agent. The office will give
Cornelius more scope in the right to
interview officials when adjusting
grievances.
It is said that his first duty will be
to see that the old hands get the back
pay in accordance with the ruling of
the arbitration board. The union do
nated $200 to the Colorado carmen's
strike.
The following unions have been added
to the State Federation: Boat Builders
No'. 16 and Rope and Cordage Workers
No. 10,425 of San Francisco; Flour and
Feed Packers No. 13 and Laborers' Pro
tective of Stockton; Sign Painters and
Tailors of Oakland; Teamsters of San
Diego; Woman's Union Label League
and Blacksmiths No. 271 of Fresno;
Labor Council and Federal Union No.
9611 of Watsonville.
Actors' Union No. 3 has set aside
$2000 for the sick and disabled reserve
fund. Delegates Westoby and Leon
will represent the union at the State
convention in Fresno next February.
There isnochange in the Cloakmakers'
Union strike, which originated through
the employers' refusal to accede to the
workingmen's> demand for a short Sat
urday afternoon.
The following unions elected officers
for the ensuing term:
Carpenters* Unicm No. 483—Pres
ident. W. H. Hutchlnson; vice
president, W. J. Morris; recording
secretary, Charles L. Apperson; finan
cial secretary, Guy Lathrop; treasurer.
O. M. V. Roberts; warden, W. H.-Mc-
Susan; conductor, William Quintal;
trustee, C. Mean well; delegates to Dis
trict Council of Carpenters, W. H.
Hutchlnson. Carl Peterson, E. McNeil,
O. M. V. Roberts, J. Boushey, Isaac
McDonald. O. Cutter. F. :J. Kreamer.
Edward Bacon and W. J. Kidd; dele
gates to the Labor Council. T. E. Zant.
J. W. Mayder, Ira Johnson. O. Pierce,
C. E. Burton, J. J. Jensen and C. H.
Tubbs.
Undertakers' Union No. 9049—Pres
ident, W. H. Leete; vice president.
P. H. McGinn; secretary. John Driscoll;
treasurer. C. Christeni; trustees, J. W.
Bollen. H. B. Brown and S. E. Rein
hard; delegates to Labor Council, E. J.
Coffaney and Manfred Schwab.
CORNELIUS IS GIVEN AN
INCREASE IN SALARY
Claims That Charges Mode by Dis
charged Clerk Arc Without
Foundation and Malicious.
ALAMEDA. Dr-ei 16. — G. A. Nisson.
recently dismissed from the local post
office 'for the good of the service."
has forwarded charges to Washington
:;{fainst Postmaster T. W. Lr-ydeeker.
in which he accuses that official of
having; solicited the sale of stamps
outside of the Alameda district and of
having made false returns. Regnrd-
Inc the allegations Po^pnaster Ley
derker scii:
"I have expected Nissen to take
Fome such action, as I was instrumen
t.il in having him removed from the
Alameda postoffice for the benefit of
the service and the people of Aia
jr.<?da. He was always a disturbing
foment and incited acts of disobe
dience and violations of the rules and
discipline on the part of letter car
riers. I have sold many stamps to
;>~ople outside of Alameda and only
r.ish that I could have sold as many
•r.ore, ss the sales inured to the good
end expansion of the local depart
r.itnt. I have never solicited the sale
c( tramps to outsiders, as I well knew
that such action would be in direct
violation of the postal rules. Nissen's
rfcrjrjc** are not only baseless, but
were prompted by a desire to get even
because I had him discharged from
the Government service."
POSTMASTER LEYDECRER
DENIES ACCUSATIONS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 16.
Mrs. Anna Scherb, 78 years old, fell
forty feet from the second story of the
German Altenheim, Fruitvale, at 1:30
o'clock this morning and was instantly
killed.
Shortly before the accident occurred
Mrs. Berpin, an attendant at the home,
heard the aped woman moving about
in her room. Mrs. Berlin also heard
the window ripened in lire. Scherb's
apartment, and the nurse rushed to her
own window to warn the occupant to
be careful. As Mrs. Bergin Io6ked out
she saw Mrs. Srherbs body falling.
Mrs. Scherb was in poor health, men
tally ar.d physically. She suffered, too,
from fai'-irx eyesight, and It is sup
pled fell out of the window while
groping about her room. The dead
woman had be?n an inmate of the hemp
for nine years. She was a r.ative of
Switzerland. There are no relatives in
this country. Coroner Mehrmann took
charge of the case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Dec. 16.— News
reached here to-night of the arrest in
San Francisco of William Hoyt. who
is wanted by the police on a charge of
robbery- He is accused of robbing
Mrs. S. S. Stetson, mother of G. W.
Stetson and W. C. Stetson of the Stet
son Post Mill Company, of $80 and then
locking her in her home, where she re
mained without aid for forty-eight
hours.
His wife, who was employed as a
companion by Mrs. Stetson, and whom
he forced to accompany him from tha
house at the tlrrfe of the robbery at
the point of a revolver, arrived here
last Saturday in company with her
father. J. H. Oridley of Madison. She
has been residing In Portland ever
since leaving Seattle and has done all
in her power to cause the arrest of her
husband " since she has known she
would be protected from him. She will
be the principal witness against Hoyt
when he is brought here for trial. Last
spring Mrs. Hoyt was employed as
companion for Mrs. Stetson, who la
more than 70 years of age. In order
that she would be satisfied her hus
band was given quarters In the house.
The three were the only occupants.
Early in July Hoyt learned that Mrs.
Stetson had $80 locked in her trunk.
He broke open the trunk, it is alleged,
and stole the money. Returning down
stairs, he told his wife to get ready to
leave the place in a hurry. She de
murred, and the husband placed a re
volver to her head, telling her to obey
without question. Before going Hoyt
lc-cked all the doors of the place. When
Mrs. Stetson missed them she found
herself locked in. In her feeble condi
tion she was unable to unlock any of
the windows and was forced to remain
a Drlsoner until the arrival of her son.
W. C- Stetson, forty-eight hours after
the robbery.
The Hoyts were traced to Portland
through Gridley. the woman's father,
and Hoyt having deserted his wife and
gone on to San Francisco, she was more
than willing to return and tell her
story. Her fath»r was sent after her
and she will remain with him at Mad
ison until Hoyt's trial. Detectives will
leave for San Francisco to-morrow
after Hoyt.
Hoyt was arrested on the corner of
Mission and Third streets last nighc
and locked up in the City Prison pend
ing the arrival of an officer from Se
attle.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 16.
Mrs. Samuel Percy, a widow residing
in the Allendale tract, near Fruitvale,
is not the kind of woman that pokes
her head under the pillows and screams
when burglars are about during the
midnight hours. Far from that. When
a prowling thief tried early this morn
ing to make his way into the Percy
bedchamber, the undaunted occupant,
I awakened qy the. fumbling at the door.
| Jumped from her couch with a pistil at
hand, and sent a couple of big leaden
bullets through the door paneling.
Following the shots Mrs. Percy ran
'to the door, opened it and was disap
pointed to find the target at which she
had blindly fired was gone. Still de
termined to get the prowler if she
could, the woman hurried through the
house, but the burglar had fled, leaving
not a trace behind him except the
opened back door through which he
had disappeared.
After a thorough search Mrs. Percy
reloaded , her pistol and returned to
rest. Constable Tom Carroll was noti
fied, but there was nothing to be done.
Mrs. Percy declares she is competent to
protect her own home, even if she is a
widow and alone.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 16.— Circumstances
surrounding the arrest of Henry James,
a boy, on a charge of embezzling $10
from J. D. Rogers, publisher of the
Alameda Tidings, have caused Jus
tice of the Peace F. S. Cone to request
District Attorney Allen to make a
thorough investigation of the case.
Particularly has Judge Cone urged that
there shall be a complete inquiry into
the reasons why Attorney Howard K.
James swore to a complaint charging
his namesake with crime, when Rogers,
the client, disavows the lawyer and
bill collector's actions therein.
According to the complaint on file in
Judge Cone's court, Attorney James
swore that the $10 was embezzled while
the boy was in Rogers' employ. Now
comes the accused youth and denies
flatly that he was ever in Rogers' em
ploy. The boy denies any embezzle
ment, but says he owes Rogers $5 bal
ance due on a $10 loan.
Rogers is unwilling to assume re
sponsibility for young James' arrest.
.Attorney James Insists that the pro
ceeding is regular, and says he invites
full investigation.
THE BOY'S STORY.
Henry James says that some time ago
he borrowed $10 from Rogers to pay
his way to Sacramento and upon re
turning paid back ?5. Subsequently he
met Ropers, who asked him if he would
pay the balance before Christmas and
he said he thought he would be able to.
Then Howard K. James had his name
sake arrested and the boy declares the
collector said to him 5n court: "I have
influence and it will be easier for you
to dig up than to fight the case." The
boy says he always intended to pay
the S5 due and that Rogers told him
he did not authorize Howard K. James
to have him arrested, thus making it
appear to the world that he was an
embezzler.
II. K. JAMES' SIDE.
City Justice R. R. Tappan. to whom
the young defendant went for advice,
after investigating the proceedings,
said the plac-iner of a stigma of crime on
the boy was a disgraceful act. "This
affair should be probed to the bottom
and I for one will lend all the assist
ance within my power," he said.
J. D. Rogers said he had loaned
Henry James money at various times
and that the hoy had invariably paid it
back. 'He had not yet paid hack all
that was loaned him on the last occa
sion, Rogers raid. Ho would not say
that he authorized Howard K. James
to accuse Henry Jamts of embezzle
ment in his effort to collect $5 from
him.
Howard K. James said: "Henry
James was employed by Rogers to get
certain money and turn it over to Rog
ers, but he did not. Instead of doing
so he decamped with the funds. When
I had him arroste'd he wanted to square
the action and I told him that if he
would arrange to repay the money and
prove that he had no criminal intent
I would ask the court to dismiss the
charge."
Justire of the Peace F. S. Cone re
lates his connection with the matter
thusly: "Howard «K. James made out
the complaint against Henry James
and swore to it before me. To-day he
wanted to amend it so that the amount
alleged to have been embezzled would
read $r». I told the collector that I was
not satisfied that all was straight in
his proceeding fhus far and set the en
tire matter for hearing to-morrow at 9
o'clock. Young James was closeted
with J. D. Rogers, H. K. James and
Attorney M. W. Simpson to-day and
afterward called upon me and wanted
me to permit him to withdraw his plea
of not guilty and plead guilty. I would
not permit any such action. I have no
tified the District Attorney's office of
the case and to-morrow -expect to give
the whole proceeding a thorough legal
airing."
Mrs. Anna Scherb Loses Her
Life While Groping About
a Room at Fruitvale Home
Justice of Peace Requests
District Attorney's Office
to Investigate Proceeding
Mrs; Samuel Percy Repulses
Thief Who Tries to Enter
a Bedroom at Early Morn
Alleged Criminal Is Caught in
This City and Will Be Re
turned to Scene of the Crime
3IATTER UNDER INQUIRY
NUKSE SEES BODY DROP
SHOOTS THROUGH A DOOR
FINALLY RUN TO EARTH
Aged Inmate of the German
Altenheim Plunges Out of
a Window in Second Story
Howard K. James, Collector of
Bills, Accuses Henry James
of Crime of Embezzlement
Woman Awakened by Prowler
Uses Her Pistol With In
tent to Kill an Intruder
Thief Locks Aged Victim in a
Room and She Is Not Discov
ered for Forty-Eight Honra
WOMAN FALLS
TO HER DEATH
ARREST OF BOY
AROUSES ANGER
SENDS BULLETS
AFTER BURGLAR
ROBS A WOMAN
IN HER HOME
FEATHERED PETS MAY SOON
BE EXILED FROM ALAMEDA
City Council Now Considering Ordinance Which Says
That No Poultry Be Allowed Inside Town Limits.
Citizens Suggest That Cats and Donkeys Be Barred
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903.
4COLON, Dec. 16.— The United States
auxiliary cruiser Dixie_ to-day landed
stores, Christmas cheer, camp ma
terial, etc. She disembarked her ma
rines, numbering 330, this morning.
They left by train for Empire Station,
near Panama, where they will be quar
tered in the canal company's houses.
Sixteen machine guns and six. auto
matic guns accompanied the marines.
It is probable that the remainder of
the marines on the Prairie will, be
landed in/a day or two.
The Panama "Government received
yesterday by the steamer Allianca 500
cases of Mauser and Remington car
tridges, twenty-five cases of rifles and
other war material.
. The auxiliary cruiser Mayflower, is
alongside the dock coaling. .The gun
boat Bancroft has returned from Nom
bre de Dios.» The United States cruiser
Atlanta is still cruising along the coast.
Sixteen Machine and Six Automatic
. Guns Accompany Blue jackets*
DIXIE'S MARINES LAND.
below deck. The arrangement of her
Hying quarters and storerooms Is an
interesting study in the economy of
space. When the weather permits the
men can sit at a table on deck and eat
their meals, but when wind and sea
keep the deck awash Jaqk must stand
up to dine. The officers' rooms are the
coziest cubby holes imaginable.
In addition to her two torpedo tubes,
fully loaded and with a couple of ex
tra projectiles at hand, the Preble car
ries two 3-inch CO-callber guns of the
very newest type and five semi-auto
matic 6-pounders. The big guns hurl
thirteen pounds of -steel five miles and
can be fired at the rate of ten shots, a
minute, , while twenty she-Is a minute
can be projected from the smaller
weapons. Apropos the Preble's crew,
recently transhipped from the Perry,
has the world's record for target/prac- j
tlce by torpedo-boat destroyers. . Cap
tain Fenton Is proud of ( his crew.
Great arrangements are being made for
the entertainment of visitors to the St.
Louis Exposition; one of the features
will be a lot of electric launches, such
as were so popular at the Chicago fair
Buy your gas range of San Francisco
Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post, and save
money for a trip to the fair. •
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Dec. 16.— An
additional shortage of $2000, making the
total thus far, known $17,000, has been
discovered in the accounts of Asa C.
Bushnell, cashier of the Yale National
Bank, who committed suicide yester
day. President Greele said it would be
Impossible to tell definitely until to
morrow whether there Is a still greater
shortage.
Amount of Shortage Grows.
Toilet cases In buckhorn, celluloid and
leather, handsomest 1 lirre ever. • Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
NEW YORK, Dec. 16. — W. Bourke
Cockran will be nominated by Tam
many Hall to succeed Mayor-elect
George B. McCIellan as the represent
ative from the Twelfth Congressional
District aa soon as Mc.CJellati resigns
his seat to undertake his duties as-the
municipal executive. V< That was de
termined to-day at Mr.* Cochran's of
fice, where he met Charles F. Murphy
and gave the Tammany Hall leader
his consent to run.'
BOURKE COCKRAN MAY
SUCCEED McCLEL-LAV
Send some of these wines to your East
ern friends for Christmas. We prepay
freight to Chicago or New York. Wet
more-Bowen Co., 410 Post St., San Fran
cisco. • .-
Cresta Blanca Wines.
After mentioning the visit of "my
dear ally," the German Emperor, the
Czar of Russia and the King of Eng-'
land, which gave the desired opportu
nity for a personal exchange of views
in regard to the Balkans and all other
questions at present engaging the
chancellories, the speech continued:
"In Servla a change of dynasty has
been brought about by a crime which
must fill every civilized being with hor
ror. It is to be hoped that this coun
try under its new rule may be directed
toward its moral regeneration and a
prosperous future."
The speech concluded with saying
that the War Office appropriation
would be the same as last year, and
that it only asks for money to secure
new quick-firing guns, the work to be
commenced in 1904.
bund. \ t
. '"By a renewal of the triple alliance,"
he said, "this well-proved basis of our
policy, which we have determined to
maintain henceforth, has been consoli
dated for the future." {
The speech referred to the death of
Pope Leo, to the gratifying foreign re
lations of the dual monarchy and to the
close harmony between Austria and
Russia in regard to the Balkans with
the object of "maintaining peace and
the status quo in those regions, in
which we are receiving the energetic
support of the other great powers."
The Emperor said Austria and Rus
sia had no selfish motive's, in the Bal
kans, and only have in view the estab
lishment of peace in the interest of the
whole of Europe, to which end Austria-
Hungary was endeavoring to induce
Turkey to improve the position of the
Christians and to restrain Bulgaria
from encouraging revolt. \
VIENNA, Dec. 16.— Emperor Francis
Joseph to-day received the Austro-
Hungarian delegation. The speech from
the throne was chiefly notable for its
stronger affirmation of the Emperor's
determination to maintain the drei-
Speech at Reception of Austro-
Hungarian Delegation Is
Felicitous and Encouraging
PROMISES FIRM POLICY
Emperoi Francis Joseph Says
Change of Dynasty Was
Brought About by a Crime
SPEAKS PLAINLY
ABOUT SERVIA
Captain Fenton, with headquarters
aboard the Preble, has general charge
of the getting ready for sea and will
command the Preble and Paul Jones
when they go southward. Captain Mac-
Arthur has temporary command of the
Paul Jones, and is likely to be relieved
and returned to his regular duty as
soon as the preliminaries of the voyage
are completed. Each vessel has a full
crew of sixty-nine men, and a finer
looking lot of Jackies were never con
gregated.
"They are fairly itching to get deep
water beneath them," said Captain
Fenton yesterday, as he proudly - sur
veyed the sturdy figures In .blue dun
garee and white caps that paced the
Preble's deck or stood in groups talk
ing and smoking. "The outlook for
what might be termed 'active service'
Is not very bright," continued the cap
tain, "but even remote possibility of
engaging in a genuine 'scrap* and earn
ing glory and prize money suffices to
In the drydock at the Union Iron
Works the torpedo-boat destroyers Pre
ble and Paul Jones are lying side by
side, while scores of workmen are chip
ping and painting their steel hulls. It
Is expected the renovation will be fin
ished by to-morrow, when the twin war
craft will be restored to the bay and
Bteam for Mare Island to lay in am
munition and provisions and take their
officers aboard preparatory to Joining
the United States fleet at Panama.
and Paul Jones.
Work Is Being Rushed on the Preble
GETTING DESTROYERS READY.
fill the souls of these men with antici
pation. And I'll confess that I feel a
little that way myself."
It may be fitJy termed their maiden
voyage that the Preble and the Paul
Jones are being prepared for, as their
farthest trip from this port has extend-
I ed only to Monterey. The other mem
i ber* of the model trio, the Perry, has
been as far as Santa Barbara, how
ever, and may also be sent to Panama,
j as she is in commission and ready to
put to sea at a day's notice. Captain
Fenton has commanded the. Perry
since her trial trip was made, and had
the honor of driving her at a 28 1 / 4-knot
clip when she conveyed President
Roosevelt from this city to Mare Island
and return last May.
"We can keep the Preble and the
j Paul Jones at equal speed from here
i to Panama if necessary," said Captain
\ Fenton, "for they and the Perry are
unquestionably the finest boats of their
class in the world. They will probably
be used as scouts for the fleet at the
isthmus. And in this connection," the
captain said, with a gratified eye twin
kle, "I am Dleased to announce that
they are not likely to be utilized for
police service, because their length, 250
fe€t, would make them rather difficult
to turn in the river. If they engage In
any warlike work at all It will be the
real give-and-take thing that the sail
orman loves as much as he dislikes pa
trol duty."
Captain Fenton's pride in his craft
and its two sisters is certainly expli
cable to any one who inspects the
boats. Thev are all of the same di
mensions, horsepower and armament.
Each is 250 feet in length, 23& feet
beam, 10 feet draught, 700 tons dis
placement and has 9000 horsepower, or
two-third?' as much as the big battle
ship Wisconsin. To accommodate the
coal bunkers, boilers and engines nec
essary to generate this tremendous pro
pulsive force the Preble, for example,
has very little room for anything else
COMMANDER OF MARINES.
WHO IS -RECRUITING A
NEW BATTALION.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— Brigadier
General George F. Elliott, commandant
of the marine corps, may be ordered to
the isthmus to make a reconnaissance
of the country, and should the situa
tion demand it to assume command of
the marine forces there. The matter
has not yet been decided, but it was
said by a higrh ofllcial of the Xavy De
partment to-day that the subject was
receiving serious consideration. If Gen
eral Eliiott Is ordered to the isthmus he
probably will go south on the Dixie,
which 'will sail from Colon to-morrow
for Philadelphia to bring back the new
battalion of marines, which is to be
known as the Caribbean Sea division.
The decision to send General Elliott
will depend largely upon whether he
can be spared here at this time.
At the instance of Secretary Moody,
General Elliott has issued orders for
the formation of the Caribbean Sea
battalion. This battalion will be regu
larly attached to the Caribbean Sea
Squadron, though its jmmedlate des
tination is Colon. It will be assembled
at Philadelphia as rapidly as possible.
That the proper courtesy may not be
lacking, either to Minister Beaupre or
to the Colombian Government, it is ex
pected at the Navy Department that
Rear Admiral Coghlan will proceed to
Cartagena in command of a small
squadron to convey the Minister to
Colon, whence he will Eall for the
United States.
It was said at the Xavy Department
that the question of placing a warship
at the disposal of General Rafael
Reyes, the Colombian Special Envoy,. to
convey him home when he shall have
completed his mission had not yet been
taken up by the State or Xavy de
partments. The Xavy Department is
prepared to respond promptly in case
the State Department decides to offer
General Reyes this courtesy.
The cruiser Olympia, which has un
dergone repairs at the Xorfolk Xavy
Yard, will sail to-morrow for Colon for
service as the flagship of Rear Admiral
Coghlan, commanding the Caribbean
squadron. It is probable that the May-
Rower, now serving as flagship, will
come to Washington on being relieved
hy the Olympia at Colon.
Africa, because the Dutch population
there is increasing, wnile the British ,
are not. The Kaffirs won't work. "What
would Great Britain give for 9,000,000
negroes as peaceable and as loving as
those in thi3 country? These men give
us about ll.OOO.OOb bales of cotton every
year, and this I contend helps make
the United States the most powerful
nation in the world. Suppose a fleet of
British warships should attack us. The
President, aa commander in chief of the ,
army and navy, need only raise his
hand and say, stop exporting cotton,
and the war would be won.
"My knowledge of the question leads
me to the opinion that no political
measure can ever save or. benefit the
negro. The Hampton Institute shows
the only useful solution." \
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— At. a meeting
here to-day of the Armstrong Associa
tion Andrew Carnegie surprised his
hearers by asserting that he believed
Great Britain would surely some day
Icse South Africa. He said:
"It Is about aa certain as we are liv
ing that Great Britain will lose South
Andrew Carnegie Makes a Startling
Prediction In Address Before
Armstrong Association.
SAYS ENGLAND WILIi
LOSE SCHTTH AFRICA
ST. PETERSBT-*RG. Dec. 16.— About 4000
J»ws «t Kishenev are asklne for aid to eml
rr&te to ArcenUna- or to Canada.
Referring to elections in Lewisham
and Dulwish. Chamberlain said that
even the Duke of Devonshire's enclyci
'¦al did not possess pontifical author
ity. He said that even former Chan
reilor of the Exchequer Ritchie was not
entitled to more authority than was
to be derived from the fact that he
had for a few months been under the
influence of the permanent officials of
th«» treasury.
Referring to the alleged difficulty of
convincing the colonies, Chamberlain
said:
"Send me as Embassador to the col
onies with full powers. I am perfectly
willing to risk my reputation on being
able not merely to satisfy the colonies
but also to secure from them equal
measures in return."
This challenge %vas greeted with ring-
Ing cheers and cries of "We will!"
The feature of Chambc-rlain's speech
in the Coliseum was the announcement
of the fact that he has been engaged in
petting together a committee to make
inquiries among: the various branches
of trad? at homo and abroad, the work
of which committee he expected, he
said, will result in clearing away many
difficulties. The committee will consist
of about thirty business men of the
highest standing, who will begin their
work in the n^ar future. It will be
composed of men from all centers of in
dustry both in the United Kingdom and
in the colonies. Sub-committees will be
formed to deal with each branch of
tra.<3e and to take exhaustive evidence,
meeting twice weekly until their work
Is finished. When the reports are com
pleted. Chamberlain said, he expected
io be in a position to formulate a tariff
bill acceptable to the country, which
will not only foster imperial trade, but
-.vhich will enable Great Britain to give
trade advantages to those who are
prepared to render her similar favors.
Continuing. Chamberlain said:
"We have zone a long way in the
direction of forming a commission, not
an official commission, but a non-po
litical commission of experts, to con
sider the present condition of imperial
trade and to find remedies for its de
fects. This commission will comprise
the leading representatives of every in
dustry and every croup of industries.
It will consist of representatives from
India, the crown colo-nie's and the grreat
self-governing colonies. It will invite
before it witnesses from every trade
and industry, and after hearing all of
th^m the commission will frame a mod
«*1 tariff measure. When the Govern
ment is ripe for action a tariff bill
n-jll be presented on which the public
will have every opportunity of express
ing its opinion."
WILL SATISFY COLONIES.
WILL MAKE INQUIRIES.
Dec 16. — Joseph Chamber
frerlain addressed two immense au
diences here to-night, making the last
speeches of his fiscal campaign for the
present year.
From the moment of Chamberlain's
arrival In Leeds the enthusiasm was
tremendous and many demonstrations
were made in the streets. The appear
ance of Chamberlain on the piatform,
accompanied by Mrs. Chamberlain and
a number of the North Country gentry
and members of the House of Com
mons, was the signal for an ovation
which continued for many minutes.
The first speech was made in the
Coliseum, and was listened to by 3000
persons, and a similar number attend
ed the overflow meeting held afterward
In the Town Hall, which was altogether
inadequate to accommodate the great
crowd seeking admission.
Speaker Announces That He
Has Appointed Committees
to Report on Industries
PEOPLE ARE ENTHUSIASTIC
Former Secretary of Colonies
Discusses Tariff Measures Be
fore the Citizens of Leeds
CHAMBERLAIN
TALKS OF PLANS
WATSONVILLE. Dec. 16. — George W. Sill,
the largest apple handler in the State, charged
by A. N. Judd. an Inspector, with having
shipped apples from Watsonville -improperly
labeled/was tried and acquitted to-day by a
jurj. The case was the -first one brought In
this State under the law passed by the last
Legislature.
Christmas cards and calendars. Good
things for everybody. Sanborn, Vail &
Co." . ¦- -;¦"¦...- . . *
It is time to express Townsend's Glace
Fruits East for Christmas now. j; •*&
'WASHINGTON'. Dec. 18. — The Committee on
Claims of the Senate to-day reported favor
ably i a bill reimbursing a number of pension
ers who expended moneys and grave services
and supplies In repelling Indian hostilities with
in 'the Territorial limits of the present State of
Nevada. -• .V \
PARIS, Dec. 16. — M. Bertillion, the
expert crlminologist, has organized a
new system for the detection of crim
inals. Heretofore photographs have
been employed solely In the search for
malefactors. Detectives will now be
taught to search the physiognomy for
three or four striking features/each of
which has a mathematical value. Pho
tographs, accompanied by measure
ments taken under this new system,
will, it is claimed, make it practically
impossible "for detec
tives to make any mistake in the clas
sification 014 detection of criminals.
Heretofore the errors made were as
high as 70 per cent, while a trial of M.
Bertilllon's system has reduced the er
rors, to' 1. per cent.
Famous Crimlnologist Has Adopted a
Method of Studying the Physi
. ognomy In Four Features.
BERTILIilOX NOW
HAS A XEW SYSTEM
BIRMINGHAM, England, Dec. 16.—
Marie Corelli, the novelist, was to-day
awarded a halfpenny damages, each
side to pay Its own costs', In a libel suit
brought by. her against the proprietor
of the Stratford-on-Avon Herald in
connection with the recent controversy
in which Miss Corelli opposed the erec
tion of a Carnegie library on the
ground that It Involved a desecration
of Shakespeare's birthplace. The al
leged libel consisted in a statement that
Miss "Corelli- desired to erect a library
at the same, place.
The case. attracted much attention,
and the court was crowded, many fash
ionable* people being present. Miss
Corelli testified In her own behalf for
two hours, am*, emphatically denied
that she wanted to erect a library.
English Court Awards the Fair Xov
ellst' Damages in Suit Aealnst
• a Newspaper.
MISS CORELL.I i WIXS
' AXD GETS ON'E CENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY/DECEMBER 17,. 1903.
Brigadier General Elliot Is Ordered by Secretary
of the Navy Moody to Recruit a New Battalion
to Be Sent for Immediate Service to the Isthmus
CHIEF OF THE MARINES
TO BE SENT TO PANAMA
5
FREE TO 'CALL, WANT AD-
VERTISERS.
A SALT AND PEPPER
SHAKER <
FREE TO EVERY
"WANT" ADVERTISER
IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL.
Each and every want adver-
tiser In the Christmas Call will
l>c presented with this very at-
tractive novelty, which' is of
handsome appearance, highly
nickel plated and made with, a
very pretty celluloid band. It
will certainly prove a useful
, household utility.
This premium can only be ob-
: tained by bringing a''."\vant" ad.
' for Insertion' in the Christmas
Call. It cannot be secured in
nny other way.
DS. FIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
wean?
Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery
CURES Weak •
Lungs.-
S3,OOO FORFEBT
WH1 be paid by the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Proprietors, Buf-
falo, N. Y., if they cannot show the orig-
inal signature of the individual volun-
teering the testimonial below, and also
of the writers of every testimonial among
the thousands Trhich they are constantly
publishing, thus proving their genuine-
ness.
" When I cttsaeuced tekisg your taedidnes.
eijhte-n months ago. my health was otwaplctely
brckea down," writes Mrs. Cora L. Sundcrland.
of Chaneyville, Calvert Co., Md. "At times I
cocid sat ertn walk across the room without
¦pains in isv chest. The doctor wko attended me
zcid I had iurtg trouble, and that I zuould ruyer be
ivil era in. At last I concluded to try Dr. PierWs
nsedicraes. I bought a bottle of* Oolden Med-
ical Discovery.' took it, and coon commenced
to feel a little better, then you directed me to
Uke both the 'Golden Medical Discovery' and
the ' Favorite Preecripticn.' which I did. AUo-
rrthw I have taken eighteen bottle* of •Golden
Medical Discovery." twelve of the ' Favonte Pre-
scription.' end five vials of : Pellets.' I am now
ainioFt entirely weU. and do all ay work with-
ort any pain whatever, and can run with more
esse tfcia I could formerly wo/*."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse
and regulate the bowels.
Bryson's "Decorating" Free With The Christmas Call Next Sunday. Order Now.
li^V^ Specially selected for this new store from the biggest (^/l^ •
'jdsijpL an d newest furniture lines the world's market has thus
ipSf^ far produced. A dazzling display of things suitable for :
j$»v Yuletide remembrances — and at prices which are bound to quickly gK*n
tfjSpmake this the most popular house-furnishing establishment in the $§L
||||West. You are invited to open an account with us. i§&
!of stmiK 8 *^ i^^^^^^-^vf '¦¦ l^f^lP^ife *$&?£££& as welf a^ weathered Ltti
/Tp HOUSE AND LOTTO 33f f
Artistic seat, $11.25 BE GIVEN AWAY ip^g? X'
Just the thing for 1 With every S^.oo cash purchase you j?et a Mfinip RncVer S11 2$ \\
S^SS-^SS coupon on this b.autifn! house and .ofc .0 be | "^ £Zi I «
and mahoganized given awav. absolutely free of charge, on May able Just the thing I
birch to choose from. 2g Located on Sixth avenue, between for grandpa Has rat- +A
' , -, ~ , , -. -r, , tan seat and back. ( If
a o C and Fulton streets — near Golden Gate Park. 1 » I
5S^8»5g!rj>^| Further particulars will be given at the store. ¦
X J I IK 11 Store Open Evenings Till Xmas lip/ v
m • II Fancy Tabouret, $2.o i S( , verely rlatn , n de . i W/ J»
..*• - iJtV ¦ - _ _ — TAic top is orna- birch wood, finished ma-
11* Child's Chair, $2.7d ment^ with py r O - *q***y cdor. OdJ Chair, $15 J6
. orr __________ — — — -i graphic designs and T 71/.
V Baby has not been le & s .**%,, gra Ki e i"ll£ A In weathered oak, V
lU forgotten. This gold- curved. , The biggest J®L^ with leather seat. Vl
ft aJa. ffl^JS I €3.«S: 1 Iss'iar^'H %
>\)1 able tray, at above . fl|fc>^: cCy;!
|l if- % - Wardrobe, $72.50 -TO^^S^p ' ¦ : " i -'' l @j. fk
Ym Music Cabinet, $17 I Beautiful birdseye - |™ Bookcase, $27 W
'*' ———————— maple wood with pier f fiPVfll v MirTnr $19 Sfl I i i A
.mi. Gift for a girl. An glass In door. Ele- tllOfll KlUTUl, JI7.JV In colonial design. IJB
vl ornament as well as gantly finished Inside. The mirrcr is a eenu- To H can have It in
NL useful. Made of birch. No furniture piece in ine >>«™ Vvel plat" golden oak. weathered JaJk
Vg imitation mahogany the world better made , an( j the fraam u in imi- °ak or mahoganized "¦
i« finish. - than this. tation mahog'aBy. Dlrcn. (v
.^^M^> 957 t0 977 MarKet Street. *^mlCQUIMBY, Iowa. Dec. 16. — The Bank of
Qulmby has been robbed of $3000. The cracks
men escaped.
The Civil Service Commission has
given out the eligible list for police
captains resulting from the recent ex
aminations. Lieutenant. Thomas S.
Duke rar.ks first, and to him will fall
the position left vacant by the death of
the late Captain Birdsall. Should Cap
tain Dunlevy of the Harbor Police sta
tion, who has reached the retirement
age, be placed on the pension list Lieu
tenant Joseph J. Burnett, who gained
the rank of second in the examinations,
will be appointed to a. captaincy.
The ranks and percentages attained
by the different applicants are as fol-_
lows: Thomas S. Duke, 96.15; Joseph
J. Burnett. 83; Henry Gleeson. 90.7;
Henry H. Colby, 90.5; Michael J. Con
boy, 85.75; James Kelly, 85.15; Bernard
Mcllanuj, 83.1.
Examination, to Succeed Andrew
Dnnlevy, Who Retires Soon.
Joseph J. Burnett. Ranking Second in
p
PORT ROTAL, S. C, D*c. 18.— The torpedo
Cctilla,- which Is ultimately destined for Ma
r.lla. has sailed lor Key West._.
. Besides the native Indian troops.
British artillerymen, a detachment of
the Norfolk regiment, two ssven
pounders and a machine gun form
part of the expedition.
CALCUTTA, Dec. 16.— The British
expedition, which entered Thibet
after having crossed the Jeleh Pass
at 14,380 feet above the sea level and
reached Riuchaingong, on its way to
the Chumbi Valley, met with immense
transport difficulties. The cold was
intense, 36 degrees of frost being reg
istered, but the Indian troops with
stood the cold well. The Indian bul
lock transports suffered and anthrax
broke out among the Nepalese bul
locks.
British Troops Cross Jeleh Pass at
High Altitude,' With Tempera
ture Far Below Zero.
LIEUTENANT THOMAS DUKE
WILL BE POLICE CAPTAIN*
SOLDIERS SUFFER ON
THE TRIP TO THIBET
Just received, latest Parisian novelties, Xmas
glove orders. Panlcheft*. 12* <?rant ave. •
Fire Destroys Italian Bark.
MARSEILLES. France, Dec. 16. —
The Italian bark San Leonardo, from
Philadelphia October 12 for Cetto, was
destroyed by fire to-day. Ten of her
crew perished and two were seriously^
injured. JTh.e flames were started by!
an explosion, of petroleum: \
BELFAST, Dee. 16.— It \ was' an
nounced on reliable authority here to
<Iay that twenty-six battalions of vol
unteers will shortly be raised in Ire
land. Hitherto the Government has re
fusec} to extend the volunteer move
ment in Ireland. :
Volcntrer Array for Ireland.
Ayes— Aldrich, Alger; Allee, Allison,
Ankenny, Bacon, Ball, Beveridge,
Blackburn, Burnham, Burrows, Burton,
Clapp, Clark of Wyoming, Clay, Coek
rell, Cullom, Depew, Dillingham, Dolli
ver, Dryden, Elkin^T Fairbanks, For
aker, Foster of Washington, Frye, Ful
ton, Gallinger, Gorman, Hale, Hanna,
Hansbrough, Heyburn, Hoar, Hopkins,
Kean, Lodge, Long, McComas, Mc-
Creary, McCumber, Mitchell, Nelson,
Overman, Penrose, Perkins, , Platt of
Connecticut, Platt of New York, Proc
tor.. Quarles, Scott,, Simmons, Smoot,
Spooner, Stewart, Stone, Wetmore— .57.
Noes— Bailey, Bard, Bate, \ Berry,
Carmack. Culbenson, Daniel, Dubois,
Foster of Louisiana, Mclnery. McLau
rin, Mallory, Martin, Newlands/Pettus,
Tallaferro, - Teller, ' THlman-i-18. 1 ' '
At 4:45 the vote on the final passage
of the bill was taken. President Pro
Tern. Frye announced the passage of
the bill by a vote of 57 to 18. j? The vote
in detail follows: •
RESULTS OF THE VOTE.
"I have no patience with a mug
wump," he said, and added: "When a
man thinks he knows more than his
party he should get out of the party.
For him to remain after reaching such
a conclusion must be bad either for' him
or his party"
Again addressing the Republican
side of the chamber and leaning far
over the aisle toward the Republican
Senators, most of whom were in their
seats and giving, him their closest at
tention, he said:
"I do not wonder that you look wor
ried. You will get no help from us.
You have been getting it, and always
have been able to .find some one over
here who was wilHng v to ma"ke an hon
orable exception, to use the language
of the Senator from Wisconsin, and
vote for anything you might ask them
to vote for. But you will get no more
of our votes."
He concluded this feature of his ad
dress by asking to be pardoned . for
publicly rejoicing over a prospect of
party unity, and said that his present
attitude must be explained by his
great disappointment over the lack of
unity in the recent past. He believed
that with a return to the conditions
before' the war the party would again
return to its successes of that time.
jC.epublican Senators have been able to
'jnite on measures without a party reso
lution and when a man bolted he was
| shot on the soot. They have carried
; party discipline to the point of abject
j submission^ we have pursued our
! course to the point of insubordination.
! Now, I say that, in the future, when
¦ your measures are right, you will have
; the solid Democratic vote; if you are
' not right, -we will oppose you."
I He appealed to Spooner to. know if
j that was not the correct proposition,
J but the .Wisconsin Senator replied in
i the negative, expressing the opinion
that Senators should vote as they think
and as two-thirds of their party
caucus may direct. This expression of
} opfhion brought out the statement from
! Bailey that this opinion had not been
' exemplified in Spooner's official life, be
j cause he said there had been many in
i stances in which Spooner had pointed
out the obnoxious features of measures
and afterward had voted for them.
¦ Spooner replied by calling Attention
j fo his vote on the Ha-.vaiian bill and
j the ship subsidy bill, but Bailey assert
i ed that Spooner's party had always
! been able to secure his vote whenever
{ needed to save a party measure. Bai
' ley then entered on a defense of unity of
1 action on party measures, calling at
| tention to the party's long retention in
j power when united before the Civil
War.
Buck.he,rn military brush sets, shaving
mirrors,, letter cases, billhooks, traveling
sets, r.rcss suit cases and grips make
poor/ presents for men. Prices right.
San!/;,™, Vail & Co. ._«
Trustees^ — C. A. Laton. president; C. E.
Worden, vice president; J. M. Quay, secretary
and treasurer; A # . Chesebrnugh, Alexandrr
Hamilton. E. R. Dimond, Edward Cnl^man,
George Crocker, If. Mpyerfeld Jr.. A. Halsey,
T. D. Bishop: Mrs. A. N. Towne. honorary
president. Beard of lady manager? — Mrs. I_». II.
Whlttemore. prpsldent: Mr*. C n. Alexander,
first vice president: Mrs. J. II. Hatch. »»cond
vice president; Mrs. F. C Carolan. third vice
president: Mrs. F. A. Robblns. recording sec
retary: Miss F. A. Sprapue. secretary and
treasurer: Mrs. A. Chesebrough, Mrs. Isaac
Hecht. Mrs. I. W. H?Uman. Mrs. J. T. Hovt.
Mrs. W. O. Irwln. Mrs. M. MeycrfeM «Jr..
Mrs. E. E. Park. Mrs. A. E. Rroolce Ridley,
Mrs. C. F. Stokes. Mrs. A. N. Towne. Mrs.
Archibald Kalns.
Following are the officers of the hos
pital, who are taking untiring Interest
in the arrangements for donation days:
Donation days for the benefit of. the
free ward of the California Woman's
Hospital will be held Monday and Tues
day, December 21 and 22. .Money and
groceries, linen and other gifts will be
gratefully receLved at Goldberg. Bowen
& Co.'s, 232 Sutter street, on the days
named, and also at the hospital, 3118
Sacramento street.
Officers of California Woman's Hos
pital Name Donation Days to
Aid Free Ward.
MAKE STRONG APPEAL TO,,
THE CITY'S BENEVOLENT
dered:
Postofflce established — Washington
— Kenmore, King County, William C.
McMaster postmaster.-
Postofflce discontinued December
31 — Visborg, TiUamook County; mail
to Nehalenv .;» ,..., .
Postmaster, commissioned — Oregon
— Robert P. Cooper, Meadowbrook.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed
— Calffornia " — Matilda Stevenson,
Graniieville, Nevada County, vice Katie
Davidson; resigned; S. K. Clyde, Knee
landi Humboldt Cpunty, vice Clara E.
Stringfleld, resigned.
Oregon— Frank C. Whitp, Thiirston,
Lane County, vice Ruth Chevalier, re
signed.
Many Orders ConeOnirng the Postal
Service on the Western Slope
Ave Issued.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— The fol
lowing Federal changes have been or-
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE i
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 16. — The
Sea of Azof ia disappearing and re
markable scenes fire in course of en
action. At Laganrog the waters have
receded to such an extent during the
last flvd days that the bed of the sea
is visible for a distance of thousands
of feet.' Hi&h winds hurled clouds of
sand shoreward, covering the town.
Vessels are lying high and dry and the
greatest confusion prevails in th? har
bor. Work in the factories has had to
be reduced to a minimum, ov.'ing to
the lack of water. - -
Vessels Arc Left High and Dry and
Greqt Excitement Prevails at
Liaganrog.
THE SEA OF AZOF IS
FAST DISAPPEARING
The testimony of Secretary Root is
practically the only defense that has
been made of General Wood in the
hearing, which has extended since
about the beginning of the extra ses
sion of Congress. This testimony, how
ever, covered the entire range of evi
dence produced against General Wood,
and was supported in many instances
with correspondence and other data
subsequently taken from the records
at the War Department covering the
period of General Wood's administra
tion as Governor General of Cuba.
¦ Secretary Root undertook to assume
the whole responsibility fdr the orders
issued by General Wood affecting the
judicial system in Cuba and concerning
the concession granted to the Jai Alal
Company at Havana. He justified the
acceptance by General Wood of the
present of a silver set from the Jai
Alai Company.
Secretary Root was asked especially
about the charge which Major Rath
bone made that General Wood had in
fluenced the courts in the prosecution
of Rathbone and had tampered with
the courts. The Secretary explained at
some length tho court system in Cuba,
saying that the court of first instance
was in reality an officer directed to
prosecute' and to obtain evidence. He
was something like a Grand Jury in
finding evidence, but was further em
powered to go out and obtain evidence,
mingle with the people, procure affi
davits and 'otherwise collect evidence
against alleged offenders. He said he
knew what General Wood.-iva3 doing in
this case and approved it. The Secre
tary said that, in fact, he directed that
the prosecution of the offenders be vig
orous and General Wood was acting
under orders from the War Depart
ment. _
The Secretary took up the sobject of
the Jai Alai Company concession and
said that this was not a gambling
company nor was the game pelota,
played under the management of the
company, a gambling game any more
than was a horse race or a game of
baseball. Men could bet on the results
as upon other games of skill. He said
that the concession or right of the Jai
Alai Company was granted before the
American occupation and that the con
cession for which General Wood had
been criticized was for an addition to
the building of the company. The only
question in, regard to this grant was
whether or not it would be contrary to
the Forcker amendment. The whole
question was referred to the War De
partment by General Wood. The sub
ject was first considered by Judge Ma
goon, law officer of the Bureau of In
sular Affairs, who, after a mostj care
ful review of the case, had held that
the extension did not come within the
Foraker amendment preventing the
granting of a franchise in Cuba. The
Secretary said he reviewed Judge Ma
goon's opinion and came to the same
conclusion. The authority granted to
the company was then approved by the
War Department, so that General
Wood in this matter acted under the
instructions and with the approval of
the War Department.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-night
concluded its investigation of the
charges against General Leonard Wood
filed for the purpose of preventing his
confirmation as major general. Secre
tary Root was the only witness to-day.
He was on the stand' for two and a half
hours at the forenoon session and oc
cupied the attention of the committee
to-night from 8 until 11:20 o'clock. The
committee will meet to-morrow to pre
pare its report. It is understood con
firmation will be recommended by a
vote of 8 to 2.
A minority report will be made by
the opposing members of the commit
tee.
Bailey* dlpcussed at; some length the
attitude of the Democratic Senators to
ward'the reciprocity provision of the
McKlnley law add the fact that the
party had divided on this and other,
matters.
"But," he said." turning toward the
Republican side of the chamber, "ypu
will hereafter get no Senators' votes
for the White House on this side of
the chamber. You will have to take
care of yourselves in the future."
This statement was accepted as a di
rect reference to the decision of the
Democratic caucus to stand as a unit
on all measures agreed upon by a two
thirds vote of the caucus, and aroused
quick interest.
"Why?" asked Aldrich, and he asked
the question two or three times before
Bailey could reach the end of his sen
tence. While. the auery,was being put
and reiterated Bailey was proceeding
to say that "when the reason was suf
ficient and when House measures were
good they would get all the Democratic
votes'.'*'' Then he made reply to Al
drlch's request for an explanation of
the reasons for the statement just
made. The first thought evidently was
that a sententious reply only was nec
essary.
"The Senator knows, why." he said.
Then, after a moment's thought, he
repeated, "The Senator knows," and
added: "In some waV or. another "the
. Bailey;*. then, discussed the constitu
tional questions involved in -the bilUf
maintaining 'that- the. House had the
exclusive right to originate revenue leg-'
islation and . had no . power- ovef
treaties*; - ' .' . ; . •
"I resent." he said, "the motion that j
the executive can follow a bill into tho t
Senate, and, I fcave never known an'
executive who violated his own oflice '
by invading other departments of the
government."
He added, however, that he, with ',
others, had resented the propaganda of \
a year ago in the interest of. reciprocity.-]
"I did not," he said, "like to receive .
communications from officers of the
United States serving in Cuba instruct- ¦
¦ ing us as to our duty."
.Spooner also • discussed the effect of i
the adoption by Cuba of the Platt
amendment as a- part of the Cuban
constitution, .and said it should remain
there forever for Cuba's own protec -
I tion, both as against foreign foes jy.irf'
against insurrection. He conte.n/led
that the Platt measure in nrv
derogated from Cuba's independence.
He expressed the opinion tivat the
United States owned the Isle o7 Pines.
The Cubans also thought thpy owned
it, he said, but we had no^ opened a
bank account with the GocV^.ess of Lib
erty when we freed Cub/>, and could
not afford to haggle likr,. a shopkeeper
over matters with that. republic.
OBJECTS TO TRE^i' y METHOD.
Senator Hoar said-he did not, how
ever, believe in the r/c/iicy of treaties af
fecting the tariff, ,y n <l contended that
direct legislation /iy&s easier-of accom
plishment than vV.e exchange of treat
ies. Hoar also -hid that because of his
opposition to th{ s method he had found'
it difficult, fo /y'ecure his" own assent to
support- the /bill. He objected to the
claim. that /^romises had been made to,
Cuba, -amy/confessed that he had not ;
looked w/fn favor upon the statement
made byAhe President in his message!
to. the that a. failure to. pass the
bill wfirjid- amount almost to a breach:
*of fa'/yd. SUll; he added, he did not in- ;
tend/,',.o let this objection interfere with
his Support of. '.the bill
B/ailey took exception to the state
ment made by Spooner to the effect
Hhat he (Bailey) had been influenced j
toward protection because of his inter
'est in the cattle "business of his State.
"I disclaim any sympathy ' with any
bill and disavow any opposition to any
} bill affecting any , interest .of. my own
j State, because of sentiment in that
State favorable to protection,' 1 he said.
Bailey explained his position on all
matters relating to tariff and said that
he. favored tariff- for jrevenue only.
Spoctier disavowed any intention of
impugning the motives- of ;Bailey.
THREAT /FROM 1.DEMOCRACY.
Spooner declared that none of the
Senators had surrendered their inde
pendence, and he did not consider such
a charge as courteous to fellow Sen
ators.
Teller referred to the influences be
hind the bill, which he said were those
rot only of the sugar trust, but those
ot the executive officers.
TELLER NETTLES SPOONER.
Spooner in opening the debate to-day
replied to the charge that the bill was
in the interest of the sugar trust, re
ferring to the differing motives attrib
uted by the opponents of the bill to the
Senators who favored it.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— By a vote
of 57 to 18 the Senate to-day passed
the bill carrying into effect the reci
procity treaty with Cuba. The flnal
vote came at the close of the day,
which was marked by a debate which
while at all times animated was never
acrimonious, i The principal speeches
were made^by Spooner for the bill and
by Bailey against it.-.
The bill passed carries into execution
the treaty between the United States
and Cuba which was ratified last
March. The treaty provides for a re
duction of 20 per cent from the rates
of duty under the pingley law on all
Cuban articles imported into the United
States, and a varying reduction of from
29 to 40 per cent from the established
Cuban duty on articles into Cuba from
the United States.
During the Closing Debate
Bailey Gives Notification of
Democratic Decision to Ad
here to Caucus Rule Hereafter
"One of the greatest enemies of or
panized labor." he declared, "is Car
roll D. Vv'right. ,with his distorted fig
ures."
Ke d<»clarpd that there should be no
Rockefellers or Carnegies.
"After a treaty by \rhieh Vft'. gen
erously gave ten millions at their de
mand had been rejected with a bald
and palpaWe spirit of blackmailing us
out of fifteen millions more, the gentle
man from Arkansas says he would
yield it. I will certify that all the
Democrats and all the Republicans
would give President Roosevelt with
ering execrations and hissing and scorn
if he submitted to that blackmail."
Kitt said the President had been ac
cused of being too slow, then of being
too fast. The President had only done
his duty in preserving peac- on the
isthmus, as he was charged to do un
der the treaty. There was no other
authority on the isthmus with which
to negotiate a treaty than that recog
nized.
Llvernash of California spoke on the
labor question. He said iabor believed
that some great wrong principle ex
isted which needs remedying. It had
been propose*! that a Congressional
committee be appointed to make a
careful inquiry, but he did not want
such an inQuiiy as would b? made by
the Department of .Justice, which, he
arr-crted. persecuted some rittle concern
inFtead of the Standard Oil or sugar
trust, the very air of which was pollut
ing. Nor. he added, such reports as j
would he made by the Department of j
Commerce and Labor. Ke si^oke of i
them as '"kid glove" reports , because, ,'
he raid, he saw evidence of kid gloves
and not the ax.
WASHINGTON', Dec. 15. —Central
American affairs were discussed in the
House 'to-day and also pensions. Indus
trial and agricultural conditions and
labor. The session lasted more than
four hours, the House being in commit
tee of the whole almost the entire time
on the pension appropriation bill, on
•which r.o conclusion was reached.
Dinsmore (D.) of Arkansas, replying
to remarks made by Hitt last week,
said he had not charged the adminis
tration with lawlessness in jegard to
Panama, but had conscientiously de
srribed the act as he understood it to
have been done. He renewed his con
tention that it was the duty of the
Presldest to have turned to Nicaragua,
and repeated that the Panama canal
law had been violated. He insisted
that the President had done wrong).
Hitt (R.) of Illinois, "wpiying to
Dinsmore, said: ' '•
Hermitage was roastea alive in view
of other members of the crew, who
were unable to help him. He begged
to be killed and placed out tf his mis
ery. , *
W. E. Williford suffereC both legs
broken and H. J. Kramer was badly
burned and they are believed to be
fatally hurt. The bridge burned under
the wreck and one engine and several
cars went down.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., Dec. 16.— One
man lost his life, two were faially hurt
and several others were more; or less
severely injured in a collision of two
sections of a freight train on a Ions
bridge on the Frisco system south of
Pawnee, Kans., fifteen mile3 from Fort
Scott, early to-day. The rrar section
ran into the forward section. P. M.
Hermitage of Monett, Mo., a brake
man, who was riding on the engine of
the rear train, was pinioned between
the cab and tender and burned to death.
Other members of the crew found them
selves in. precarious positions and were
forced to jump from the h|sh trestle
or be burred to death in the wreckage.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— As a result
of Minister Irishman's advices respect
ing the Alexandretta affair, the State
Department has requested the Navy
Department to place a warship at the
disposal of Consul Davis, now at Beirut,
upon which he might return to Alex
andretta at his pleasure. The Navy De
partment accordingly cabled instruc
tions to Admiral Cotton, on board the
flagship Brooklyn at Alexandria, Egypt,
to place a vessel at the disposal of,
Davis. It is believed the Brooklyn will
be selected. It is left to the Consul to
arrange the terms of his reception.
Although Rear Admiral Cotton was
not instructed specifically to take the
Consul back to his post under escort of
a squadron, it will not be in opposi
tion to the Navy Department's wishes
if both the flagship Brooklyn and the^
San Francisco proceed to Alexandretta*"
on this mission. It is felt that, in .view
of the indignities offered our Consul,
his return to Alexandretta under the
protection of a squadron might prove ',
more salutory in Its effect than if only
one ship accompanied him. ,
Acting. Secretary of State Adee has
cabled Minister. Leishman to present
the facts to the Turkish Government;
and inform the Government that the |
case is one seeming to Invite an expres-j
sion of regret and reparation.. Th?.
State Department does not indicate th/xt
any measure, of reparation is expected,
but it is expected the Turkish Govern
ment certainly will, by removal or
otherwise, punish the offending Turk
ish officials and compensate At/irian for
the losses and injuries he J.ias sus
tained.
CONSTANTINOPLE. D«-c. 18.— The
Porte ha? complained t<V the United
States that the acting Officials of the
American Corfrulate in- -Alexandretta
are preventing tho. 'embarkation ' of
Atarian, the naturalized American,
whose recent arrcjt caused Consul
Dayis to leave Alexandretta, and for
whom the Porte ir structed the local au
thorities to obtain a passage on an
Italian steamer, at the cost of the Gov
ernment. It 'was th« opinion of the
Porte that tt»e embarkation of Atarian
would rerncve the principal cause of
complain'^
NEW Y.ORK, Dec. 16.— Harper's
Weekly, representing the views of cer
tain powerful financial interests, says
in its. issue to-day:
"That the Ohio Senator (Hanna) is a
candidate at the present moment may
be taken for granted. Whether he will
continue to be will deperid upon his
own judgment and his chance of suc
cess[ He will not wittingly risk the
humiliation of rejection by the party
i of which he has so long 'been the head.
i Meanwhile, v encouraged by his col
leagues in the Senate, he waits, reflect
ing that nothing is lost and much is
gained by holding his possible candi
dacy as a menace over the President.
"The Democratic candidate? Parker,
probably.
"No candidate seriously opposed by
sane business interests has ever yet
been elected President. But would
Roosevelt 'meet with that particular
quality cf opposition — such, for exam
ple, as Bryan had to contend with?
We do-jbt it. RooBevelt has done some
things he ought not to have done, nota
bly 'in the coal strike and in the North
en-.i Securities case, but Judge Parker's
v.ndeslrable ' friend, Hill, was tenfold
'worse in the. former, and as we under-
I stand it, nobpdy in or out of interest
has questioned the propriety of apply
ing a legal test to the great railway
merger. It was the method — a sensa
tional trial by and through the news
papers instead of • In accordance with
serious established legal practice —
•wrecking values, jeopardizing fortunes,
checking prosperity, creating doubt
and distrust, rather than inspiring con
fidence in administrative wisdom, that
was and still is bitterly resented. But
it is well know^ that the President rec
ognizes the fact that he erred, regrets
his error and would not be likely to re
peat it. ...
"Summing up — the only chance of
i Democratic success lies in convincing
the people that Roosevelt is unsafe.
i There is -no other issue in sight."
Special Dispatch to The Call
FIFTY-&EVEX AYES
TO' EIGHTEEN NOES
Secretary of War Shoulders
, Entire Responsibility for the
Criticized Acts of the Former
G6vernor of Island of Cuba
ROC)T TESTIFIES OX
BEHALF OF DEFENSE
Should His Chance for Suc
cess Seem Bright, Asserts
Journal, He Will Enter Lists
San Franciscan Rails at Cab
inet Members and Scores the
Country's Financial Kings
State Department Will Insist
That Assailants 4 of the
American Agent Be Punished
Tragic Results Follow Col
lision of Sections of Freight
Train on a Bridge in Kansas
LIVIIRNASII MAKES SPEECH
Measure Putting Into Effect
Reciprocity Treaty With the
Island Wins by Large Ma
jority on the Final Vote
Senate Committee on Military
¦ Affairs Completes Its Inves
tigation of the Charges Pre
ferred Against the General
REPARATION IS DEMANDED
PLEADS TO BE KILLED
AWAITS CALL OF PARTY
Illinois Representative Accuses
Colombia of Having At
tempted to Levy Blackmail
Trainmen Stand By Powerless
While Their Companion Is
Slowly Burned to Death
Consul Davis Will Return to
Alexandretta on Board of
a United States Warship
Harper's Weekly Asserts That
the Senator Is at Present
an Aspirant for Presidency
WILL VOTE
FOR WOOD'S
PROMOTION
CUBAN BILL
VICTORIOUS
IN SENATE
HITT DEFENDS
CANAL POLICY
REGARDS HANNA
AS CANDIDATE
TURKEY MUST
MAKE AMENDS
SEE COMRADE
DIE IN FLAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903
6
Positively enred by these
Little Pills,
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfa,
Indigcsaon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
| feet remedy for Dizzhcss, Xausca, Drowsi-
j a«s, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongra
; Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
j Regulate the Bowels, rurdy Vegetable.
¦ Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
! ft visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
! dEH)SEUH OFfiHfiTOMY^
A Q5 1::: ha:sx7 :r. ttt tunai. z.r.za. A
\ Zjf The Lir^rrtt AiutoaiCAl Mj^cuti in the \
V _i_3-^i_ World. Weaku«»e% «r *..y mn-.ricteri A
: r y^siSS <li<e»'e P**'*'* r '7 *•'•*.">» the ol<le»t T
0 ljS^3| !ipeciali«oa >he Ccisi Eit j4 yens. Q
A J^H 3 OS. J0RDAN-OiS£ASES OF MEN A
\ i (JSJSrl Con*ult>tion free *nd !»<¦:!» pririr- \
A I j)i¥ ti TrMtuCTt petson*i:y ot br lirtfr. A ff
V (I (j" «fl !/ iV«u>« Curt in rrery asMiui-rik'?. T
A P Y ll E* w '-« (nr B ""'"=¦ PB1I.OKOPB V *f A
V I » IS t! BinnucK. j'ailf.2 i'rze. ( a x
1 fl I] niusble bcok for men) j.
7 DR JUCOAM A tO. 10S1 M.irket St..S. F. V
' QCEAHT TBAVTBIk
®Stearrer9 leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketehikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Hair.es. Skagnay.
etc., Ala?ka— 11 a. m.. I>ec.
17. 2". Jin. 'i. Changs
to company's steamers . at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Tcwnsend, Seattle. Ta-
cprr.a, Everett. Whatcnm — 11 a. m.. Dec. 17,
22, 27. Jan. 2. Change at Seattle tQ this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle cr Taecma to X. P. ily. ; at Vancouver
to C P. Railway.
For Eureka Ulumboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Dec. IS. 24, 30. Jan. 5: Corona. 1:30 p.
m., Dec. 21. '£1, Jan. 2.
For Lc« Angeles tvla Fort t*>« Ansretes and
Redondo), San Dleeo and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sunrtays, 9 a. m
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For I.os Ans»if<i (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbira. Funta Cruz. Men.
terey. San Simeon. Cayucns. Port Itarford (San
Luis Oblspc). Ventura an«l Huenemt.
Coos Bay. 0 a m.. Dec. 1!*. 27. Jan. 4.
Bcnlta. 9 a. m.. Dec. Z'.. 31. Jan. 3.
For Enscnada. Magdalena Cay. San Jose d»l
Cabo, Mazat'.an, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayir.as tMex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of ea h
mr.nth.
For further information obtain folder.
Right ia reserved to change steamers or sail-
insr <lat«!".
TIC2CET O77ZCTCS — 4 New Montgom-
ery strcpt iPalacp Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market «>tre*t.
C. V. DL'NANN". On?ral Pasa^nfrer A?eTit.
| lft Market street. San Franrlsc.->.
O. /?- & N. CO.
"Columbia" rails D»c. 1£>. 2J>, Jan. S. IS.
2S. Feb. 7 and 17. "George W. Elder" ealla
Dec. 14, 21. Jan. 3. 13, 1':^ Feb. '£ ar.d IS
Only steanuhip line to PORTLAND. OR., and
ehcrt rail line from Portland to all nolr.ts
East. Thrcush tickets to all points, all rail
or st»arr.sh!r> and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets inc':udo herth and meals.
Steampr sails foot of Spear St., at 11 a. m. S.
F. BOOTH, Gen. Act. Pass L'ept.. 1 Mont-
gomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight
L-ept., ;{ Montgomery *t.
AsrsazcAir line.
New York — Southampton — Lcndoa.
Rt. Paul.Dec.2B,!>:.10 in St.Lrnils.Jan 1), 8:30 arn
Phi!a...Jan 'i. Or.'JO ami N. York. Jan. 18. 9:00 ara
SPECIAL NOTICE.
After January 1. 1064. American LJno steam-
ers from New York for Southampton will call at
Plymouth ana Cherbourg to land malls and pas-
sengers for I.ondon and Paris.
ATIfc&NTIC TBANSPOBT UJSTE.
Zlaw York— London Direct.
Mlnn'rls.Dec.2<i, 10 amlMesaba. . .Jan 3. 0 ani
Minaehaha..Tan.2. 5 am|Mlnnetnka.Jan.l6.5 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMIJSICm Z.IZTS.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Jan. 2|Canada Feb. 6
: Dominion . .Jan. 23!Dominlon Feb. 27
RED STAB LUTE.
New York — Antwerp— Paris.
Zefl'rl.D*w.2«.10:3(> am 1 Zeeld.;an.». 10:30 ara
Flnland.Jan.iM0:::o am Flnlnd.Jan.l4,10:3O ara
WHITE STAS LIITE. .
2Tew York — Qneenstowa — Liverpool.
Salllns Wwdnesdays «nd Fridays.
Teutonic;. Dec. ilo, noon; Celtic. .. .Jan. 13. 2 prn
Cedric.Dec. 30. 1 pm|Teutonlc.Jan.20. 10 am
MaJestle.Jan. 0. 10 am.Cedric Jan. 27. nocn
Boston— Qneenatown — Liverpool.
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 29. Feb. 23
Cretlc Feb. 11. Mar. 10. Apl. T
BOSTOZT MSBXTEBBAZTCAXr SSSVICZ.
Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Geaoa.
REPL'P.LK? (new)..... .Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 2«
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apl. t>
CANOPIC , Jan. 30. Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR. Passense-r A<ent Pacific Coast.
21 Pest St., San Francisco.
/¦^"V : 'TO THE* /^~^
1^AK»3»5. MAJ?3EILLE5. CMQaTVV g
LfflliAPlXS >< ALtXAKDmA. RCprPT ; B| < |
KEPCRLIC (iwwV.Jan. 2. Feb. 13, Mar. 26
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apl. 9
CANOPIC Jan. SO. Mar. 12
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
Th?se steamers are the largest Ia Med-
iterranean service.
First clafs. $75 and $80 upward, accord-
ing to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool o^^
CYMRIC .Dec. 24, Jan. 2S. P"eb. 23
CRETIC. ...... .Feb. 11, Mar. 10. Apl. 7
First class. $C3 upward. For plan?, et?..
address.
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-S1 State it..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
lOYO RISEN KAISHA, a
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamer* will leave- wharf, comer First and
Brannan utreets at 1 o. m..-for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlcg?). 4
Nagasaki arid . Shanghai, an.1 connecting a'
HonekonK with steamers for India, etc Na
carno reorlvert on board on day of nalllrg.
S " S. NIPPOK MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesdav. Decerct>«r SO. lO"^
8. S AMERICA MARU .„.
Monday January 23. 13M
S. S. HOXOKOXO MARU \r\.~.
; . .Wednesday. February IT. la^*
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at t«d'ice<t
rmtea. For frel«ht and passage apply at Com-
pany'a office 421 Market street, corn ?r First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
« P ALAMEDA. for Horoiu'.u. Dec. 19.11 a.m.
s' s' SIERnA. for Honolulu Samoa. Auck-
land «nd Sydney. Thursday. Dec.' 31. 2 p. m.
S. s: MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Jan. 6. 19C-*.
WgJUBfflBttU BuWSL.ffcf b. J.hafe P.
C0JIPA05IE GSNiaALE TSAICSATLAXTIQaS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -rfMJjy
Sailing *very Thursday ln?t«»a of ?££>£$
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. *« r -« c »«-"
North River, foot of Morton street. T.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $13 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANT>
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Cutldtng>.
N«w Ycrk. J. F. FTXJAZI A CO.. Pacific Cc*»i
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets nol'l by «>< Railroad Ticket Agent*.
* M»re Island, and VjJloJo Steameri.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MOXTICELI&J
J»-"?5 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except SunJiiT
Sunday. 0:*3 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vailejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and • p. m.. ejc. - Sunday. Sun-
day 7 •- m.. *:13 p." m.' Fare, 50 cents Tel. j
Main 1308. Tier i. Mlasion-st. dock. BATCJi
BROS. .
¦ ; ADVEBTISEHCBin^.
i • • • * v ¦ /
T^ ¦ _ \ . . . , . :
Stomach, Bowel and Kidney
Diseases Cured Quickly, Per-
manently and Cheaply by Elec-
tro-Chemistry.
MES. JCL1A A. MITCllixi^, i
-9i8 Fifth St., OakUnd.
Mrs. Mitchell ea>»: "I had suffered with a
•evt-re liver, stomach and bov.cl trouble for
tighteea lone year*. My palur, were so b.id I
fc«-; to teke tnorphii* Medltv.l treitmer.t*
ra« no Kood. In -le^rriir I 1 tci 1 -J *o ;rx the
Eltctro-Cb»-mic treatment, la •;•.- lrcaf-j*"ts
I 'rai creatlv benefited and relieved. I ¦ *m
better th/in I have Ken in vlrhteen years, and
one month ot the riecf ro-Chemlc treatment at
« smell exoCnfe has rtred me."
<S!cTie<J) MRS. Jl'UA.' A. MITCHELL.
HIS Fifth Pt.. Oakland. Cal.
CONSULTATION' r* v\ wy m
Am buh¥
EXAMINATION ¦*.ItL#L/ i
Specialties — Ooasumptica, Catarrh.
Brcaciltis, .Amttjsia, Caacer*. Tumort,
Seafness. Head and Ear Kol«e«, Rhen>
ma.Uum, Far&lyals. Ifearalrla, Piles.
Diseases of tlie Storaach, Llyer, Kid-
neyi asd Bov el«. Special Diseases of
Ken and Wcna, All ChronJc Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at a dl«. i
tance. try to come for a peraonaU examination.
If you can't coire. write for instructions for
fcnme exr^cisatlon and treatment.
ELECTRO-CBEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 GBAXTT AVEm Cor. Post.
8AZT TTLAXCXSCO.
Office houn- — 9 a. zn. to.S p. m; and 7 to 8
p. us. e&iiy. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Cepsirete c^artments for ladies and gentlemen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* z Si> <¦ >-:•' ill^ 1 1 1 ©I £J 5 *J €X iCllIvv *J7 \J • \J %J |J C I EgS! ¦-¦¦¦ h^ ¦' $ !
ij/^^J.*^'*-^;* -¦?, ; -a H JEl A \Jf 11 Vll • %J \J \j ¦ L- v^ jLtZ^V." t yoEMdEraflfflffiffj8H
HiHimB IK £> £fe B* (ft B I i^ EPtfl^l' F -Frank J. Grundman, charged with
the murder of Sheridan H. Chipman,
will probably know # his fate before an
other day has passed. Yesterday at
the trial before a jury in Judge Cook's
court Grundman testified, corroborat
ing in detail everything that his wife
had testified to the previous day. That
closed th.e case for the defense and the
prosecution called Mrs. Isabella Bur
ton, Grundman's mother-in-law, who
testified that Grundman's reputation
was bad. Arguments of counsel will
commence this morning.
The trial of Henry Milton, alias
George H; Upton,- for the murder of
James Gilleece, the aged saloon
keeper, was commenced before a Jury
in Judge I^awlor's court yesterday. As
there is practically no defense, - the
case will also, it is expected, go to the
jury this afternoon. Milton held up
Gilleece on Eleventh street, and, be
sides striking him on the head with an
iron bar, shot him In the leg.
Frank J. Grnndman and Henry Milton
Will Probably Know Their
Fate To-Day.
TWO MURDER TRIALS
DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Clarence Cummings. a vicious look
ing negro, who snatched a tie contain
ing a valuable diamond pin from the
neck of Lorenzo Cervelll at Kearny
street and Broadway several nights
ago, was held to trial in the Superior
Court yesterday by Judge Mogan and
his bail fixed at $3000. Cummings at
tempted to escape after he had com
mitted the crime, but ran into the arms
cf Policeman O'Brien.
Annie M. Barthol secured a verdict
for $1000 damages from a jury in
Judge Graham's court yesterday'. She
sued Lizzie B. Fellers and J. A. Mc-
Millen for $1900, claiming that they
had cheated her in a lodging-house
deal. It seems that the defendants
represented to her that the lodging
house at 310 Stockton street was
worth $2500. She paid them that
amount, only to find that it was worth
but $600, and that before she could
have a chance to secure a return on
her investment the building would be
torn down to make room for the new
Pacific-Union Club. Mrs. Barthol was
represented by Attorney Hiram John
son. ., ."
Annie Bnrthol Gets Damages.
Lee Banks, the colored corporal of
the Ninth Cavalry, who assaulted
two women on Kearny street Mon
day night, was sentenced to pay a
fine of $100 or serve fifty days in jail by
Judge Mogan yesterday. The Judge
told the defendant that the only thing
that saved him from getting six months
in the County Jail on each of the two
charges was the fact that the women
admitted being under the influence of
liquor and were on the street at an
unusually late hour.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
pesterd&y in the United States District
Court by J. S. Witherell of Oakland,
a jeweler and bicycle repairer. He
Dwes $6fe6 and has $324 assets. Law
rence T. Freitas. a clerk of Sacramen
to, filed a similar petition. He owes
$706 and has no assets.
Petition** in Insolvency.
Harold D. Morse, who says he is an
actor, objected to the flavor of the
truffles served in his pate de fois gras
In a restaurant at Eddy and Powell
streets Tuesday night and nearly
wrecked the establishment before a po
liceman could be secured to suppress
him. He was before Judge Mogan yes
terday to explain matters, but request
ed a continuance until to-morrow, in or
der to secure witnesses. At that time
Judge Mogan will assume the role of
dramatic critic and determine whether
Morse is a good or a bad actor. At
present the defendant is "at liberty" in
a double sense— he has no engagement
and he is out on bail.
Chief of Police Wittman yesterday
sent Detective Sergeant McMahon to
United States District Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth to ask his assist
ance in getting rid of the highbinder
element in Chinatowji. The Chief had
four highbinders in custody and de
sired to have them deported should it
be found that they, were illegally in
the United States. Chief Wittman
said that the four Mongols had been
arrested for vagrancy many times,
but that they resumed their old prac
tices as soon as they were released
from jail.
• Mr. Woodworth replied that he
would take pleasure in co-operating
with the Police Department in ridding
the country of the thugs and gun
fighters who infest the Chinese quar
ter. He invited the Chief to sead the
men along to United States Marshal
Shine and he would see that they were
deported, should they be unable to
establish their right to remain in the
country. The men, Dea Seek Xgee,
Lee Chin, Louis Bin and Chin Yin,
were arrested by the Marshal on a
warrant issued by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock charging them
with being illegally in the United
States.
Drastic Measures Adopted by Chief
of Police Wittmnn and United
States Attorney Woodworth.
Marie A. J. Navlet, wife of C. C.
Navlet. the San;, Jose florist, is now
seeking a divorce, though her suit for
maintenance is still pending. She com
menced the, action for a total separa
tion yesterday, alleging that Navlet
has deserted her.
Suits for divorce were filed by Ab
bie Bailey against Andrew Bailey for
cruelty, Nellie A. Burke against Rob
ert B. Burke for intemperance, Mary
Heidewald against C. M. Heidewald for
cruelty, CecJelia M. Moreno against
Henry M. Moreno for neglect, George
L. Zimmerman against Cora Zimmer
man for desertion and F. C. Armstrong
against Mary K. Armstrong for
cruelty.
Interlocutory ! decrees of divorce
were granted to Isabelle S. Comer
forde from James A. Comerforde for
desertion, Grace M. Oates from W. H.
Oates for neglect and Irene McMahon
from Joseph McMahon for desertion.
Pending Trial of Suit for Maintenance,
She Commences Suit for I>egal
Separation.
HIGHBINDERS WILL BE
SENT BACK TO CHINA
DIVORCE NOW THE AIM
OF MARIE A. J. XAVLET
Sergeant D. A. Sylvester swore to a
complaint before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday charging Huey Guey. a Chi
r.cse. with perjury and he was booked
at the City Prison on the charge. Huey
rjuey was a nitnesi for the prosecu
tion, at the trial of Jue Lim. charged
with grand larceny in Judge Dunne's
court on December 1 for stealing a
bracelet from the store of Gim Hi. Sli
T^unont street, on August 21. Huey
<;u^y v.as a clerk in the store at the
time, but testified that he <id not work
there and .knew nothing about the
case. He also denied that he had tes
tified at the preliminary hearing. He
was at the tine ordered into custody
oy Judge Dunne.
Chinese Booked for Perjury.
Laura. Trevor, the woman who fought
the gas company to a finish and was
awarded a verdict of acquittal by a
Jury in Judge Mogan's court a few
weeks ago. acting as her own attorney,
is herself invoking the aid of the law.
She had Mrs. Jennie Close arrested
for demolishing s=ix windows in her
Hayes-street candy establishment. The
case was called before Judge Mogan
yesterday, but Mrs. Trevor did not
have any witnesses present to corrob
orate her story of the damage done, so
the case went over until to-day. Mrs.
Close admits doing some damage out
Hayes-street way. but claims Mrs.
Trevor has been trying to win away
the affectfor.s of her husband by all
the feminine wiles she possesses.
E. A. Engleberg, the Sausalito con
tractor who was arrested some time
ago for menacing his wife with a re
volver at the ferry building, told Judge
Conlan yesterday at the preliminary
hearing of the case that his wife had
made a regular, shooting gajlery of him.
He said that on three separate occa
sions during the four years he had been
married to her she had sped bullets at
him. The weai>ori with which he
threatened liis wife, he said, was not In
working orJer and could not be made
to explode a cartridge. Two days pre
vious to the occurrence he testified
that he discovered his wife in an Ellis
street lodging-house in company with
a soldier named Bales. She was in dis
habille, he said, and Bales threatened
him. For that reason he put the use
less revolver in his pocket to frighten
the soldier if he should attempt an as
sault. When he met his wife at the
ferry, he said, she put her hand into
her pocket and he feared she was going
to draw a weapon, so he pulled out his
revolver. Mrs. Engleberg denied that
she had ever shot at her husband, but
Fald she had taken a revolver away
from him several times. Her counsel
did not question her regarding . the
Bales incident.
Judge Conlan started the regular
winter campaign against hobo "mooch
ers" who accost citizens on "the street
for money in such manner as to indi
cate that if their plea is not complied
with they will use force. William Bell,
Mike Lyons, Charles Sparks, Antones
Frietes and John E. Smith, five typical
specimens of this gentry, were given
six months each in \he County Jail
yesterday and like treatment is prom
ised any others who come before him.
Accused of Stealing a Watch.
C. H. Edwards, a sailor on the rev
enue cutter McCulloch, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday morning
on a charge of grand larceny. He
was drinking at the New Western Ho
tel bar early yesterday morning with
James Taylor of Everett. Wash., and,
it is alleged, stole Taylor's gold watch,
chain and locket. He was arrested
by Policemen Joy and X«lson.
Brutally Kicks a Cat.
L. G. Brown, clerk in a grocery at
601 Baker /street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Conlan yesterday
for the arrest of William McLaren on
a charge of cruelty to animals. Brown
alleges that McLaren called at the
grocery on Sunday night with his dog.
The store cat resented the dog's intru
sion and there was a lively mix-up.
McLaren rushed to the assistance of
his canine friend ahd Brown alleges
.that he kicked the cat viciously sev
eral times and drove It out of the
store.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn.
Art Material Department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. -.-(.• •
Little gold clocks, candlesticks, cande
labra and trays a dainty line for Christ
mas, pleases everybody. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. \-^,_ \ *
/ IX>NDON\ Dec. 1'?.— In consequence of the
reduction of waye«\br the United States Steel
Corporation the Scotch steel makers are r.egro
tt.itlns with the view of fixing selling prlce3
and amending the wage scale. ...
Sues Jeweler for Support.
Hjalmar Brunell. a jeweler at 410
Kearny street, was sued for mainten
ance yesterday by Florence Brunell.
She says that sjrice December 1 he has
not provided for her. though he has
an income of $250 a month. She aska
for $50 a month. They were married
only last January. t
Private Charles R. Holden, an insane
soldier, while being taken from the Pre
sidio to the East Jumped through a
window of the car in which he was
confined and was instantly killed.
It has been the custom at the Pre
sidio to retain the Insane patients at
the post until the number amounts to
ten or twelve. They are then sent on
to the Government asylum at St. Eliza
beth, D. C, In charge of a commis
sioned officer and a guard of enlisted
men.
In the present instance Major W. P.
Kendall, the commanding officer of the
United States General Hospital, was
about to make a trip East to select
the surgical apparatus for the new pa
vilion and decided that he would take
charge of the afflicted patients himself.
A special car was chartered, and Major
Kendall, with the ten insane and a
guard of nine enlisted men, started on
the journey Saturday, December 5.
Among the insane prisoners was Pri
vate Holden of the Twenty-seventh In
fantry.
All went well until the third day.
when Holden, who had been suffering
apparently from only a mild case of
dementia, quietly got up from his berth
at 4 o'clock in the morning, dashed
past the guards who were on watch,
made a frantic run for one of the car
windows and leaped out into the dark
ness c-f the morning. The train was
running at the rate of forty miles an
hour and Holden's death was Instan
taneous.
No blame was placed on either Cap
tain Kendall or the^guards under his
command, as the strictest watch pos
sible had been maintained over the un
fortunates in their charge.
Major Duval announced yesterday
that the transport Thomas would leave
for Manila on January 1. For the last
week it has been a question whether
the Thomas or the Sherman would be
the next ship to sail for the Philip
pines.
Since the Thomas arrived in port a
big gang of men has been at work on
her to repair the damage that was
wrought by. the terrific typhoon she
encountered in the China Sea, which
practically demolished the greater part
of her forward upper works. Her re
pairs are now nearly completed and
she will be in first class shape to sail
on New Year's day.
Major General Wade of the headquar
ters of the division of the Philippines
has Issues the following circular:
"The following holidays will be ob
served as such in this division and aK
military duty, except the necessary
guard and field duty, will be suspended:
New Yearns day, January 1; anniver
sary of the birth of Washington, Feb
ruary 22:" Memorial day. May 30; Inde
pendence day. July 4; Labor day, the
first Monday in September: Thanksgiv
ing day, the last Thursday in Novem
ber: Christmas day. December 25."
The grounds were so muddy ana
sloppy at the post yesterday that the
baseball game was called off. If weath
er permits the Fifteenth Infancy and
the Thirteenth Infantry will crosk bata
to-day. The Fifteenth and the Presidio
teams expect to measure forces on Fri
day. It will probably be the hottest
game of the season.
Holmes Compromises.
On motion of United States District
Attorney Marshall B. Woodworth
yesterday the suit of the United
States against Samuel Oliver Holmes
was dismissed by Judge de Haven.
Holmes was surety for $200 on the
revenue bond of Tom Hing. Suit was
brought in 1895 to recover on the
bond and Holmes has succeeded in
compromising with the Government
for $50.
Tsoucas Gets Fourteen Months.
James Vsoucas, a Greek, convicted
of counterfeiting, was sentenced yes
terday by United States District Judge
de Haven to serve fourteen months'
imprisonment in the State peniten
tiary at San Quentin. His partners,
Chris Patrikloupoulou and George
Rose, pleaded guilty several months
ago and are serving sentences of one
year in the County Jail.
In the case of Windelin Bauerle. who
k*>pt a shooting gallery at 58 Third
street ar.d whose Fkull was fractured
by a ftreet car on December 11. Charles
Blechen. the gripman. was exonerated.
The jury found that the death of Tab-
Viitt was an accident, and appended the
following to their verdict:
"We censure the proprietors of the
place for not complying with the law
in displaying the proper signs as
required by the ordinance and for leav
ing the mass body three days in the
room without investigating. We feel
that further investigation Is warranted
and that the proper authorities should
rske due notice of the violation of ordi
nance N'o. 57."
Mrs. Heaphy, who keeps a lodging
house at 47 Tehama street, was cen
sured yesterday by a Coroner's jury
in the inquest on the body of Joseph
Tabbitt. a Syrian peddler.
Tabbitt took the room on December
P. ar-d his door remained locked until
the 11th, when his dead body was
found, he having been .suffocated by
illuminating gas. The condition of the
body warranted the assumption on the
part of Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi
that he had died on the Sth of Decem
ber. The gas that suffocated him was
Rowing from a burner, the key of which
was only half open.
Mrs. Heaphy swore that when the
bedmaker called at the room on two
mornings she found the door locked
a^id the key on the inside, and that
on the third day while looking through
the keyhole she herself smelled gas
and had the door forced open. In re
plying to a question by Coroner Leland,
Mrs. Heaphy said that she had not
turned eff the cas st the meter and
turned it on again, but that she had
complied with the ordinance prohibit
ing such turning on and off. She ad
mitted, however, that ehe had not pro
vided cards to be hung in the rooms
warning tenants not to blow out the
pas. and said that she had never been
notified to do bo.
On August 6 Busch snatched a hatch
et from Joseph Gueralli at the Fontana
cannery. Bay and Taylor streets, and
while pretending to return it to Guer
alli deliberately struck him on the hand
with the weapon, inflicting a dangerous
wound. Busch declared he would kill
Fontana if he had him arrested for the
crime.
Busch is a comparatively. young man
and is looked upon by the police as one
of the most desperate characters com
ing under their observation. He was
arrested last January with William
Peterson for entering the grocery and
saloon of Fritz Heinecke. 1133 Filbert
street. While Peterson covered the
proprietor with a revolver Busch rifled
the till. Heinecke made a move to go
to an inner room and Peterson fired a
shot at him. Peterson was acquitted
by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court and
the Judge dismissed the cage against
Busch for lack of identification.
Jchn Busch, who pleaded guilty in
Judge LawloVa court to two charges of
robbery, was sentenced yesterday to
serve twenty-five years in San puen
tin. There were two prior convictions
against him, one for petty larceny and
the other for grand larceny.
Busch was known as "the terror of
the North Beach." He committed
numerous robberies during the month
of August and the two to which he
pleaded guilty were the holding up of
Walter Young on the night of August
11. at Green and Montgomery streets,
when he took from Young his coat and
vest, $1 05 and a silver ring, and the
holding up of Frank O'Donnell, assist
ant commercial editor of The Call," on
the night of August 14 and taking
from him $1 50 and a pocket knife. In
the Young robbery he had as a com
panion Joe Luperoni. . who pleaded
guilty when arraigned and was sen
tenced to serve ten years in San Quen
tin.
Among the other people held up by
Busch were Alonzo. Trueworthy. pro
prietor of the Palace baths, on the night
of August S, and John Malatesta. a
baker, on the night of August YL. Busch
was captured in the early morning of
August 14 while holding ( up Michael
Clarity and his wife on Montgomery
avenue.
Army Transport Will Be Ready
to Depart on the First
Day of the New Year
Gripman Charles Blechen Is
Exonerated for Accident in
Which Bauerle "Was Killed
Pleads Guilty to # Two of the
Several Charges of Highway
Robbery Made Against Him
Andrew Moore, a marine fireman,
was before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
morning to answer to a charge of bur
glary. The complaining witness was
Mrs. Francis Schluter, who lives aj 1
Jackson street. She was ' awakened
at 1 o'clock yesterday morning by
hearing a noisj in an adjoining room
and on examination she discovered the
defendant leaning over an open drawer
of a bureau. With great courage she
rushed upon him and caught him Dy
his coat, but he managed to tear loose
from her grasp and escape. In leaviuj;
the house he closed a door upon the
pursuing woman, catching her thumb
and mashing it. Not daunted, she fol
lowed him to the street, where some
passersby held him until the arrival of
a policeman. He was held to trial in
the Superior Court with bail fixed at
$3000.
IGNORES GAS ORDINANCE
TERROR OF NORTH BEACH
Five Chinese children, ranging from
10 to 12 years of age, -were witnesses in
Judge Conlan's court in the case of
Ah Tom, the Chinese Fagin, whose pre
liminary examination took place yes
terday. One of the little fellows testi
fied that he stole ten 520 gold pieces
from his father and sold them to Ah
Tom for J5 in siiver. He also stole
$300 worth of gold dust and grave it to
the defendant in return for $1 50 in
nickels and dimes. Another youngster
testified to stealing J200 in double
eagles from his uncle, with whom he
lives, and selling them to Ah Tom for
$2 in small coins. Another stole a
watch from his father valued at $60
and delivered it to the defendant, in
return for which he was given two
quarters. Two others told of stealing
valuable jewelty from their parents
and selling it for trifling sums to Ah
Tom. They all testified that the thefts
were made at the suggestion of the
defendant. If he had only been given
time and kids enough It Is probable
that the entire contents of the treasure
chests of Chinatown would have passed
into the possession of Ah Tom. Evi
dently he intended to adopt a gold
standard for himself and elevate the
rest of his countrymen on a silver ba
sis. When he was put on the stand
he contented himself with asserting
that he "no saveyed" the children testi
fying against him. He was bound over
to the Superior Court on the charge
of receiving stolen property and bail
was fixed at J3000. As far as discov
ered Ah Tom had acauired about $800
in cash and jewelry from his youthful
accomplices. The youngster who non
chalantly told of stealing $500 from his
father spent most of the morning turn
ing handsprings around the", corridors
Cf the Hall of Justice. Clerk Jack Rice
found him thus and approached him.
'•If I give you a nickel will you go over
and smash that fellow?" pointing to
another of the boys. "Make It a dime
and I'll knock him out.' answered the
youngster. He got the money and near
ly delivered the goods, but one of the
corridor policemen stopped the fight in
time to save a knockout.
to bite his crippled sister. And may
God have mercy on my soul.' " Salvey
repeated the formula and went away
jubilant over his prospective reform.
Coroner's Jury Censures Mrs.
Hcaphy for Death of Joseph
Tnbbitt. Who Was Suffocated
C. K. Holden, Insane. Soldier,
Jumps From Train En Boute
and * Is Instantly Killed
THOMAS FOR MANILA
John Buseli, a Young Desperado,
AVill Spend the Next Twenty-
Five Years in San Quentin
Oriental Fagin Secures Gold and Jewelry Valued at
$800 by Means of Innocent Accessories— Bailiff
Carmichael Inaugurates a Temperance Crusade
LANDLADY IS
REPRIMANDED
PLUNGES FROM
CAR TO DEATH
BOLD FOOTPAD
IS SENTENCED
CHINESE CHILDREN TELL
OF AH TOM'S OPERATIONS
THE SAN FRAN'CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903.
Xroas trees; silver firs, spruce, cedar
redwood, at McClain's, Market.nr.Larkin.
C. Kola, 2105 Stockton street, re
ported to the police yesterday "that" hi:
salmon -boat had been ; stolen xm- Sun
day night from a coveiatUhe foot o:
Taylor v street, and he had been ,un
able to find', any . trace of it/* He »vaf
ues the boat at $250.
Salmon Boat Stolen.
Frank McSherry was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Din'an and Wren
and locked up In the City ¦*• Prison
pending the arrival of an officer from
Los Angeles to take, him back there.
Chief .Wittman received a letter a few
days ago from Chief Elton of Los An
geles that McSherry was wanted there
for grand larceny. McSherry was de
scribed as a race track tout and an
associate of gamblers ' and fallen
women. - /=- *
Wanted. In Los Angeles.
A temperance crusade was started in
Judge Cabaniss 1 court that should be
noted. John E. Salvey, a veteran of
the Spanish-American war, who re
turned from the service of his country
with a broken constitution and a well
developed thirst, was on trial for steal
ing $40 from Miss Abbie Taylor, an eld
erly woman, who runs a restaurant on
Post street. Miss Tayior did not wish
to prosecute, and said that th^e crime
was committed at a time when. the de
fendant was Irresponsible from ; In
dulgence in drink. The charge of lar
ceny was dismissed, and then Salvey
requested Judge Cabaniss to administer
an oath to him, as he wished to swear
he would ' not take a drink for one
year. The Judge was startled for a
minute. -He reflected that an oath ad
ministered by any one of his boyish
appearance would hardly have the
solemnity necessary to cause a. con
firmed dipsomaniac to say "nay, nay"
to the steam beer advertisements and
put behind him the allurements of the
soothing "Tom. and Jerry." His eye
lighted on Bailiff Neil Carmichael,
stately and Impressive as an old world
cathedral. "Neil," said the Judge, "will
you Jdndly, administer the usual oath
in 6uch cases to this young man?" Car
michael brought the young man around
in front of the desk. "Now hold up
your right hand," he said, "and repeat
after trie, word for word, 'I, John E.
Salvey, do solemnly swear on all I hold
preclousor dear in this life or the here
after that for the space of one year-'I
will not drink, imbibe, absorb or soak
up any spirituous, vinous or malt liquor
of any kind or character. Neither will
I take into the inner workings "of my
system any calisaya water, "cologne,
painkiller, hop, tanglefoot, mescal, red
paint, Jamaica ginger or any of trie
various decoctions that make a man
walk five miles barefoot in a snowstorm
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
For a Christmas Present
; One cf my Jl Ft^cial Pocket KnJve« is
; very appropriate and useful. Th« blades
I arr of the best rtffl, the handle Is well
made. In Buckfaorn or Pearl. Thl* price
tt a special ca» fcr th* holidays. My line
of euilf-ry embraces Razors of all kinds,
Pcjsscrs for a!i purposes, at price* that are
lo^er than dwUjt. All Btacdard makes
ami fu'ly gruarant^d.
i'.-V- orders filled. \ ,
THAT MAN PITTS
i (F. W. PITTS)
r 10OS MARKET FT.. Above Powell.
Pan Francisco.
k Carefully Stlected and Proper- A
f ly Framed.
i CANDELABRA 3
k Gold Plated. Silver Plated and
fi Old Bra's Finish.
vj Candle Shades y
\ Silk, Linen and Paper. rl
5 CALENDARS and $
s; CHBISTMAS CARDS
OPEN EVENINGS.
4 GALL 1GHER" BROS. 9
i S.7 IJtKAITT ATS. *j
> Always Rsxaember the Fall JNfme
g axktivQ wLromo Qyijnme
CcreS a Cold in One Day, Grip in 2 Deys
PBAGEBS ; "1%
| 1] A Christmas Opportunity? jj
I Double Green Trading 9
I Stamps Will Be Given I
I With All Purchases Made!
y —^ \\
I Bargains in Every Department. ?
I Open Evenings Until Christmas. [
1 j| AIAVAY^MJUABLE
I W 1238- 1250 MARKET ST****** |J
"DECORATING"
FOR THE PARTY.
One of Bryson's Famous Beauties*
T7DT7I7 mTTLT
FREE WITH
THE CHRISTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY.
The Fourth of the Series in Gold.
•'DECORATING/'
, This subject is the fourth of Bryson's famous Gold series, issued
exclusively by The Call and pronounced by every one to be the
richest, most novel and expensive set of Art subjects issued in Amer-
ica. . Decorating, is a worthy companion piece to its predecessors
and for home adornment they are simply, unsurpassed. .-
This, picture is one which proves the artist to be a master in the
handling of light and brilliant color. It also shows^ his .imaeinative
power, his spirited technique and the completeness of detail so char-
acteristic in his work.
Don't, take any one's word for the description of this picture, fia
one only needs to be seen to become convinced that it is a picture
to 'preserve. - ¦ .
V ¦¦¦::' Remember it's F R E E w it h
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL,
' ; Have you seen The Daily Call lately ?
You should get one and carefully note
;j the wonderful mass of news it contains
and the .masterly manner in which it is
/ presented. Now is the time to sub-
scribe fojv THE DAILY CALL, Greater
, San *Frahcisco f s &catest Paper ••«•«•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O 3 O l±.> IRS Jl—^^? JL^ A Nl U 4sI3 O O O
'A ;i?©w •¦Suig > g > ©st3o!nis
Funnire Department
¦ Writing Dedcs . Tabourettes
• Dresslng.Tabies Music Cabloets
Secretary Bookcases ' . Parlor Cabinets
*, | Morris Chairs Parlor Tables
Oriental; and Domestic
Choice assortment. Great variety. Reasonable prices.
Drapery ' Department
Sofa Pillows, -Tapestry and Vefour Table Covers, Silk and Lace
Curtains, Kis-kilems, Comforters. .
Many Novel and ''- Exclusive;^Designs 1n Every
r -:'" : ¦;: \"'\ I"',,. " '. '. •¦
' ; !'14 ? ;1I6-1.I8=1 ; 2O=122 .POST/. STREET
n ¦¦¦¦¦' < : ~- - : -- -•-¦¦¦¦ f ; ¦' :--¦'¦¦¦- ¦ ¦ '¦ I— jAs a result of the recent seculariza
tion of property belonging to religious
oxder,s in France a movement has taken
place which resembles the self-imposed
exile of thousands as the result of the
famous edict of Nantes of Louis XIV
three centuries ago. The London West
minster: Gazette gives some interesting
figures upon the exodus of the monks
and nuns from France. It says: : .f*?t
"As a result of the French- interdic
tion of religious orders England, it is
said, has received about 6000 monks
and nuns. Some 1800 have gone to the
United States and about 1100 to Can
ada. Monks and nuns have come in
about e<:ual numbers to England, and
the convents and monasteries have
been Increased by about C02 by the in
flux. In ' the diocese of Southwark
alone thirty-one new missions have
been opened. Throughout the country
forty-Beven new convent schools were
established last year. The exiles have
brought a considerable .sum of money
Driven From France.
Errors in court procedure may yet unlock the peni
tentiary doors which after extreme difficulty and only
the most persistent endeavor have " been closed upon
the officials that have dishonored the civic history of St.
Louis. The prosecutors should have courage. So
widely spread is the intelligence of the American people
that even by accident some of it of necessity must find
residence in our courts. A second trial might result in an
accident of justice.
France had almost 28,000 more
deaths than births last year, a record
variously interpreted by her publi
cists and statisticians, but looking to
outsiders much as if the nation was
in need of an able corps of lecturers
on race, suicide to stump the country
from the Pyrenees to the British
Channel, the Government backing
them up by offering premiums for
large families and decorations for
larger ones, with public honors for
those who play the limit, as it were,
and surround themselves with a dozen
or so of offspring in the copious man
ner of Germany, where notmng in
particular is thought of it.
Race Suicide.
* —; —*: ¦ '
'" General i Reyes, the newly elected President of the
United States of Colombia, who is now in Washington
, ,} .„ j - ti. ••• . «""»»fci"»»
says.that he will stay, with us, a short time longer, al-
though he/feels i that his mission has been a failure. If
events develop no change of tendency General Reyes
may not have long, to wait to have an escort of Ameri-
,.--¦ ,-_ . . . .. */"*..
can troops into Bogota. W-.
paxi on the right, and two degrees
south of the equator I was in a snow
*tn^f\?°J m ' t da f, 8 and nIffhts
in the latitude of Guayaquil are of about
equal length-from 6 to 6-and there
is no twilight—the sun rises in fifteen
minutes and the change from dark-
f e f '£ l d? yJ!?fh. i t l? ** c °™plete "••"
l8 ln this latitude from 4 o clock until
- |n tne morning. Three day,. ™£
Recent dispatches hold forth a suggestion at least of
hope <o th.Eneiish antagonists of the Mad MuHah, who, {
it is said, has now resorted to the indulgence of a de-
praved taste and eats his foes killed in battle or other-
wise. This spectacular warrior will probably not muti-
late his victims so horribly as has been his custom for
• . - . : . . •.£!.• t" m Ior
the sake of the integrity of his feasts.
In February I took a trip on muleback
£" X %!%££?&££?£'£
miles, and was in the saddle twenty
seven x days going and coming. About
a day' 3.-Journey south of Quito, and
f-^ee from the equator, I
was in sight of the snow-capped peaks
j of Chimborazo on my left and Coto-
"I left the mines on November 13,
and, though they are only fifty miles
in the interior, I was two days mak
ing my way to Guayaquil. It Is dif
ficult country in which to travel, and
I, covered fully 200 miles by trail and
water, two stages on muleback and
three trips,by boat to get to the start
ing point for the vessel to 'Panama.
W. H. Staver, a mining man, with
Interests in Central Ecuador, who is
now in New York, speaks interestingly
of the wilds of that wild country. He
Wilds of Ecuador.
EVENTS arc moving rapidly to' a conclusion of the
Panama affair which will assure the .permanence '.of
the new republic and the speedy construction of
the canal. When part of the territory of a nation by
force separates and achieves independence it is' not bound
to pay any part of the existing debt of the original state.
But Colombia owes a foreign debt, said to amount to
$10,000,000. Recognizing not the law of the -case, but
its equity, President j Roosevelt advises that Panama
bear one-third 'of this obligation, and pay, it by turning
over to Colombia one-third of the $10,000,000 we will pay
for the canal right of way.
This satisfies the foreign .bondholders" of Colombia,
and the indications, are that Marroquin and -Reyes are
willing to sell out- for that suni. As a matter of caution,
gained in everybody's experience with Latin-American
countries, it is advisable that President Roosevelt ar
range for the payment of this money, directly to the for
eign bondholders, for when the cash goes to Bogota it
is doubtful if it "will ever be applied to redemption of the
The United States, by this . action, sustains its good
credit abroad for fair dealing and also brings 'the canal
nearer to accomplishment. * The Democratic Senators
have held a caucus, and voted to control the votes of
all the Senators of that party by caucus action. Expe- j
rienced members like Cockrell objected to this, and the
power of the caucus was limited by requiring that a two
thirds vote shall be required'to bind individual Senators.
As Bacon and Clay of Georgia have already declared
their intention Jo support the •Panama 'treaty, and Cock
rell is believed- to intend the same, it is . probably known
that more" 'than one-third of the" Democratic" Senators
COLOMBIA SELLS OUT. j
carbo-hydrates (starches and sugars);
second, protcids, and third, fate. The
first act of digestion is performed in
the mouth, where the mastication of
the food in the presence of the saliva
causes a portion of the starch to be
changed iutv sugar. This change (amy-
• • •
We have said that the new cells are
born to replace the worn out and dead
eel!*. Xow the material out of which
the new ce!!s are formed is provided
by digestion.
The process of digestion may bo de
scribed in a -word by saying that the
alimentary apparatus is a complex and
convoluted tube passing through the
body, and that the food, as It moves
onward through this tube, comes in
contact with various fluids, which con
vert it into matter capable of passing
through the walls of the tube and en
tering the blood.
For our present purpose foods may
be divided into three clasKPs — «?— *
In one sense the most important act
of life is, digestion. Without digestion
life would be Impossible. For the life
of the human body is, in reality, a pro
cess of combustion, a slow burning up,
and digestion is the operation of pro-
Aiding fuel by which this slow combus
tion is maintained. 1
The human body appears to be a fixed
and unchangeable'mass of flesh, blood
and bone. As a matter of fact, how
ever, the body is no more stable than
a cataract, which In form remains un
changeable for ages, but changes the
water composing it uninterruptedly.
The human body presents an appear
ance cf identity which is quite illusory.
Constantly the individual cells are dy
ing at the rate of many million every
minute; constantly are they being re
placed by new born cells. Every year
an amount of matter equal to one and
a balf tons in weight passes through
the human body. And at this rate there
must be an entire renewal of the body
in from two to four years.
(Editor Health Culture Magazln*. Kew York.)
<Coj>;Tig*t. 1903, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BT W. B. C. I^ATSOX. M. D.
The Digestive Tract.
Manchester has Just lost by death,
says the Westminster Gazette, Its
most remarkable match seller, a
scholarly Armenian, who spent his
days in translating and study at the
Public Reference Library and his
evenings in selling wax matches in the
streets. His richest possession was
Williams' Sanskrit Dictionary, which
he had purchased out of his earnings
as a match seller, and he knew also
ancient and modern Greek. Russian,
Latin, Italian and German. The lit
erary match seller was known only a3
John Light, and why he came to Man
chester nobody ever could find our.
He was a devoted Tolstoyan. rending
and comparing the master's works in
Russian, French end English, and h<?
knew much on the subject of com
parative religions. The literary fa
cilities which he found in Manchester
did much apparently to sweeten his
exile.
Scholarlv Peddler.
An Indiana physician submitted himself the other day
to the knives- of his surgeon friends, and although the
operation, according to the custom in such affairs, was
eminently successful, the patient died upon the table. An
examination revealed the fact that the dead doctor had
a pair of forceps in his abdomen, the result of ah opera
tion, almost as successful, which happened two years
ago. If there is anything in professional fraternity this
should teach us that physicians do not make these mis
takes maliciously, as supposed.
CHRISTMAS is the holiday which demands the
-best of everything — the sunniest of skies, the
lightest of hearts, the acme of good cheer. The
Call feels that it is able to do its part in the festivities
by carrying into the homes of its readers the length and
breadth of the coast the best of modern newspaper art.
It is. therefore as a Christmas greeting that The Call
will present on Sunday next a holiday supplement of
unusual attractiveness.
Artistic excellence will be a notable feature of
the number. The red and green of the holly ' is
thrown into striking prominence in the colored plates
which adorn the covers of the thirty-two pages of holi
day cheer. ¦ Two full page photographs, emblematical of
the season, and a striking front-page drawing are all re
produced' in a manner as perfect as the engraver's art
can make it.
The reading matter is made of more than usual in
terest by Christmas sketches from the pens of promi.
nent. local divines. Father Sebastian of the Greek or
thodox church has contributed "The Madonna of
Alaska," and Rev. Ernes! Waltz writes of "Sunshine in
the Moonshine Country." "A Circuit Rider's Christ*
mas" is from the pen of Rev. George W. White. "The
Boy Immanuel" is the work of Rev. L. J. Sawyer.
Other stories full of the spirit of the season there are
by; Josephine Dodge Daskam, Madge Morris and Kath
eryn Jarboe. A page is devoted to the discussion of
that delectable subject, the Christmas dinner, and timely
hints are given upon the giving of gifts.
OUR CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.
"I have found this dealing with law
yers an expensive undertaking," said
he. "It has cost me four umbrellas al
ready, to say nothing of the onslaught
upon my morals. I have done nothing
but buy umbrellas and leave them in
my lawyer's office. The other day I
Etopped at one pf the umbrella coun
ters in a big downtown office building,
where there were three piles of um
brellas. One pile was marked $1, the
second pile $2 and the third pile was
marked $3. I did not look beyond the
third Pile, because this, contract was
not yet signed, and I waf not certain
how much money I could afford to
spend. I said to the man in charge
of the umbrellas: 'I am' a stranger
from west of the Mississippi, all un
used to the effete ways of the East.
I came from the wild and hoping West,
and I appeal to you, as man to man,
whether, in your judgment, you being
an Eastern man. and I a stranger on
his first visit to your great city, you
would advise me to buy this $1 um
brella for $1. the $2 umbrella for $2 or
the $2 umbrella for $3? I ask you this
as a pilgrim and a stranger.* And the
man, looking me straight in the eye,
paid: 'As man to man and speaking
heart to heart to you. a stranger, I
would advise rou to buy the $3 um
brella—Mr. Mark Twain.'
"Which shows that a man with a past
can't get away from it — even if he has
become honest enough to buy his own
umbrellas. That is the trouble with
me. ' I can't fool anybody, I am too
pure, too innocent. Everybody takes
advantage of my innocence. It is a
mighty good thing I was not born a
girl."
Before sailing for Europe Mark
Twain took- occasion to tell the follow
ing story o-n himself at the Authors'
Club in New York:
Mark Twain Confesses.
Clerk of the Supreme Court Frank
Jordan joshes. Once, though, he
didn't. But through- native timidity
he has never made the story public.
Jordan went to the old Chutes with
Ed Stover, ex-president of the
Press Club, accompanied by two la
dies. Upon leaving Frank whispered
to his friend to pay the car fare, as
his money happened to be exhausted.
Stover saw the long looked for chance
and whispered to the ladies to watch
the fun. When they boarded the car,
which was crowded, he quietly point
ed Jordan out to the conductor as a
stranger who had been annoying his
party and said he did not wish fur
ther molestation. When fares were
asked for Stover said "Three." The
conductor turned to Jordan and said,
"Fare, please." Frank blushed and
motioned to his perfidious friend. The
car man only said again, but louder:
"Fare, please." Then Jordan an
swered: "That gentleman pays for
me." "Excuse me," spoke up Stover,
"I don't know you! You have been
following these ladies and me all
evening. I don't know you!" Jordan
stammered, "Why, Ed, I—" "Don't
*Ed' me, sir!" replied Stover, "I
never met you before." In the midst
of his desperation and the repeated
demands for fare Jordan finally cried
out: "Is there a Mason in this car?"
There was a pause; then an old gen
tleman stepped over and handed a
nickel to the' conductor. The "com
panion piece" to the story is yet to be
told, but Jordan* says there'll be one.
Jordan Joshed.
A negro colony sent out to Liberia
frc-m Georgia last January has failed
and the members have returned to this
country. A number of Georgia plant
ers capitalized the scheme, thinking
that a favorable soil for the growing
of cotton and corn had been found in
the African state. They furnished tha
colonists with provisions, farming tools,
seeds and ether equipments, but the
experiment could not be conducted to
success, being one in a long line of such
almost if not quite invariably winding
up calamitously. There seems nothing
for the Southern black man to do ex
cept to stay at home and work out his
salvation as best he can, accepting his
difficulties as part of the common bur
den, and not to be avoided by chang
ing his base and going off to another
country.— New York Tribune.
Failure in Liberia.
A German military officer now on trial has been ac
cused of a thousand specifications of cruelty toward his
subordinates. To one who thus is guilty of crime in
wholesale it seems a travesty of justice to be permitted
to escape on retail punishment. The authorities should
make of him a modern, not a mythical, Tantalus, and
torment him by an unending prospect of punishment
never fulfilled.
Dr. Edward Everett Hale of Boston
recently delivered a lecture to young
people on how to study. He said the
nine hours of study necessary in some
schools was too much. Too much time,
he believed, was given to languages, es
pecially to Latin. "I want to tell you
how to use books," said Dr. Hale. "Se
lect a bcok on each side of any great
controversial question, especially in
history. You will see the whole a great
deal better by seeing both sides. Get
back to original authorities. They are
so accessible now that it is easy. Work
on one subject at a time and not on
a dozer. Don't be a slave to books.
but have more than one on each topic.
Trust your memory, and memory will
trust you. When studying don't study
books alone. Agassiz's teaching was
not so valuable because of the facts
he tausht as what he told teachers
about the way to learn for themselves.
Before ail and above all, study nature."
How to Study.
Clarence was thrown out into the
wet because he had no money to pay
for his ride on the street car. He land
ed in the slippery mud on the Hyde
street hill and did not hurt himself
much; Clarence was used to being
thrown out of empty box cars on rail
road trains and that was much worse.
But Hyde street hill on a rainy night
at 10 o'clock has none of the earmarks
of' hospitality about it. Clarence longed
for a warm bed.
Now that wooden leg which had
brought him in many a good nickel
from the charitably inclined came to
the help of Clarence in his emergency.
He sat there by the car track and un
fastened the joint of the leg from its
socket upon his knee, allowing it just
enough swing so that it would pro
trude against his pants leg in a start
ling fashion. Then Clarence set up a
wail which was calculated to reach to
hlsh heaven.
. The cop who came up to the scene
with a single foot stride took in the sit
uation immediately: nothing less than
a compound fracture of botn bones of
the leg. So the "hurry up" wagon was
rung up from the Central Emergency
and Clarence was given "a breakneck
hike to the operating table. There the
plot thickened.
Clarence was taken to the Central
police, station by those cruel doctors
and "vagged," but a cell '.va.s better
than the side of Hyde street hill in the
rain that dripped-dripped.
Sorrows of Clarence.
Illinois can at least claim one dis
tinction. It holds the proud position
of contributing each year toward tho
total of the internal revenue receipts
a far larger amount than any other
State in the Union. Last year the fig
ures for that great commonwealth
amounted to $50,562,455. Indiana was
second with $28,123,610. New York fol
lowed with $26,749,648, while Kentucky
was fourth with $21,115,626. The pay
ments of taxes on spirits, tobacco and
beer make up the biggest proportion of
these impressive figures.
Illinois Distinction.
THE Harbor Commission, as we predicted, is doing
its full duty in enforcing the AVoodward law, to se
cure free market privileges in this city to the pro
ducers and consumers. The law is very exact and
specific in its requirements, and under it the commission
has now canceled the permits of nine of the largest
wholesale commission firms dealing in country produce.
These firms have taken the next step left open to them
by beginning judicial proceedings which will test the
constitutionality of the law. This is very desirable. If
the law stand the judicial test, but seem to fail in accom
plishing its whole o.bject when tested in practice, it may
be amended in the line of its' purpose until its effective
ness is secured.
It is a long time since The Call began an agitation for
such a law, but the necessity for it has appeared to
exist every moment until now. There has appeared to
be all the time an influence intruded between producer
and consumer inimical to the interests of both. It was
easier to arouse the feeling of the consumers than of the
producers, for they are city residents, in closer touch
and easier to combine in a common purpose: But the
lack of contact and organization on the part of the pro
ducers made them more needful of legal defense of their
interests, and this has been furnished by the law, which
will now go to judicial judgment.
The producers of the State need to be waked up. and
infused with the spirit of self-help in this matter.
Widely scattered, they have no common means of com
munication by which they may compare experience and
devise means to help themselves. It is believed that the
State Board of Trade presents such a common medium
of exchange of opinions. But when it sought to equip
itself with facts that would expose the extent of abuse
of the producers in the home market and in the East
it ..discovered a disinclination to furnish information;
and its labors in obtaining it are greatly increased
thereby. Perhaps when the producers find that the
Woodward law is sustained the certainty that their rights
may be protected will remove their reticence and timid
ity, and facts may be furnished which will put their in
terests beyond the power of any one to harm.
THE WOODWARD LAW.
The Vermont Legislature failed to
provide any fund for the State's par
ticipation, but the prominent manufac
turers were called together by *G jv
ernor McCullough and it was deemed
essential that some concerted action
was necessary. Assistance from tiie
Legislature could not be obtained, and
it was decided to raise a' fond of $15,000
to defray the expense of a State exhibit.
Vermont's granite and marble indus
tries are extensive, and her displays in
this line will be the largest and most
complete that she has ever made at
*ny exposition. Other resources will
be shown as well.
Vermonters are anxious for a build
ing at the World's Fair. Governor
McCullough is interested in this phase
also, and at cne time he considered the
advisability of erecting such a struc
ture himself. An additional fund for a
building will likely be created and a
structure creditable to the State may
yet be built.
necessary, the gentler species bfing
placed in pens. In addition to the live
animal display splendid specimens of
the taxidermist's art will be exhibited.
The fear that Colorado would not
have a building has proven unfounded.
Six of the seven members of the State
Commission have declared themselves
in favor of a building and plans for
Euch a structure as will be creditable
will be selected.
Since Vermont's? recent official decla
ration to participate in the World's?
Fair, but two States in the Union. New
Hampshire and Delaware, have failed
to take advantage of the opportunities
offered by the Universal Exposition.
Efforts are being made in these
States to induce participation, and
when the fair opens it is quite within
the range of possibilities that they
will be represented by creditable ex
hibits.
An interesting feature planned is
Colorado's exhibit of wild animals.
One or more animals of every species
in the State, represented by living
specimens, will be shown. Eight acres
will be alHttfd to this feature. The
animals will be shown in cages where
The agricultural exhibits in the
warehouses ieady for shipment repre
sent an outlay of $10,000. In this de
partment Colorado will make a more
represents' ive exhibit than she. has
ever made at any exposition. On peach
day, melon day. strawberry day and
epple day Colorado fruit growers will
p«?nd fruits to the World's Fair in
train lofitds to be distributed free that
the excellence of her products may be
practically demonstrated.
Grain will also be exploited. A
Monte Vista farmer has sent an exhibit
of oats that are vight feet tall. Some
Fpeoimens of the Pensacola forase
plant that has attained a height of
twelve feet ti ill be shown. Tobacco as
tine ae can be grown anywhere wili be
a part of The exhibit. Jerusalem corn
will be among the agricultural novel
ties.
Colorado's World's Fair Commission
end the citizens of the Centennial State
have resumed work on their World's
Fair display. Tho time lost by past in
ternal dips^fion in the commission las
been more than made up. and in no
State are the Commissioners' and State
officials working more in harmony with
the citizens and various industrial or
ganizations.
(Superintendent Prr** Burwiu, . St. Louis k.x-
iwviMon.t
BT UAftK HKXNITT,
The States at the Fair.
ney back in the Interior from our
mines, in what is called the Oriente,
on the disputed boundary between
Peru and Ecuador, is the most sav
age and unconquerable band of In
dians In existence. They are known as
the Jivaro, and were the only natives
that Plzarro and the Incas never sub
dued. They have no tribal relations,
nor family relations, and no religion,
and through their savagery are exter
minating themselves. They once num
bered hundreds of thousands, and aro
now said to be reduced to from 8000
to 10,000*. The white man who comes
within their domain is not only mur
dered and beheaded, but his body is
subjected to the most horrible mutila
tion as a warning to others against tho
unwisdom of trespassing."
When the United States Senate investigation into the
character of General Wood, personal, public and private,
is concluded the general will be able to say with the
rest of us. when he foots his totals of liabilities and as
sets in reputation and strikes a balance, that if he has
any reputation left surely he didn't win the bauble at the
cannon's mouth.
The people will have abundant opportunity to ex
amine the enthusiastic or prejudiced statements of
theorists, and when they conclude to seek a public sup
ply they will take good care that its permanence and
sufficiency shall make it so valuable that it can pay the
cost of its acquisition and administration without bur
dening the general fund and depriving them of revenue
needed for the proper purposes of government.
Events in the East, notwithstanding the New Yofk
canal matter, indicate that in respect to municipal social
ism deliberate examination is turning the tide away
from that policy, and that hereafter if cities go into
business it will be by exactly. the same methods that are
followed by prfvate individuals.
ADVOCATES of municipal socialism are not satis
fied with' two trials at public ownership of the
Geary-s%eet road, but return frequently and fran
tically to that subject. Other cities have had the pre
liminary experience of San Francisco. In 1893 Detroit
voted for public ownership of electric lighting, and 92
per cent of the vote cast was for the plan. The present
year, with the experience of Detroit to admonish them,
the citizens of Cleveland voted on the same proposition
and it was beaten by an actual majority of 6000.
This refusal to embark in municipal socialism was
due to the campaign made by the Citizens' Association
against mortgaging the city to pay for a public utility
which only part of the taxpayers could use. It was in
sisted in Cleveland that if the city were going into busi
ness the business should pay for and support itself, with
out falling back on the taxpayers to make up its deficits.
It will be observed that between the two propositions is
the difference between socialism and business. The
Cleveland campaign was expository of the whole issue,
and every voter was furnished with the straight busi
ness argument, which developed the principle involved.
At the last election the State of New York voted on
a proposition to bond the State for $101,000,000 to en
large the Erie cnnal, going into the pocket of every tax
payer for money to put into a business project of doubt
ful utility, since it is for the benefit of canal boatmen
during that season of the year when crops are but little
moved. The canal is frozen and dormant during the
winter months, but the debt is drawing interest every
day. The situation is very different from that existing
when the canal was built. No other means of transpor
tation existed then except by water, and on common
highways. Now the vast majority of the commerce is
carried by railways, at the cheapest rates in the world,
and they are open in. the winter season when the great
crops of the West are going forward to market. The
project was carried by the votes of Buffalo and New
York City, and it is significant that the farmers of the
State were against it, their vote being overridden by the
cities.
In San Francisco the people have twice rejected the
proposition to build a street railway which only part of
the. people can use and pay for it out of the pockets of
all the people. The Call insisted that the business in
which the city proposed to engage should be established
and administered on the income derived from its users.
The Examiner is now trying a physic, of figures on the
case. It finds that the gross income of the present
Geary-street road is $170,000 per year, and that the net
income is $20,000, or equal to interest on $570,000. This
being so, is there the shadow of an excuse for taxing
the whole city to acquire the property? to
figures and admissions of the advocates of the scheme
it can support itseif.
The Call has tried to carry on the same campaign of
education on the subject that was so successful when
promoted by Ihe Citizens' Association of Cleveland. The
same principle applies to every form of municipal trad
ing. Let each kind of business support itself. Oakland
and San Francisco are greatly concerned in demanding
that this principle be insisted upon. The citizens of both'
cities are going to have ample time to instruct them
selves for intelligent action. The recent decision of the
Supreme Court upon the ownership and use of ground
waters has put out of focus the proposition to imme
diately resort to the ground waters of Santa Clara
County, for the owners of the vast orchards of that
county,, dependent on those waters for irrigation, have
taken steps to prevent the destruction of their property
by diversion of the water on which it depends to make
a potable supply for cities that have other sources upon
which to draw.
told- them.
The piping cry that startled the
shadows lurking there In that fore
boding place had heart agony in it.
The bent old man hobbled a few steps
toward his helpmate with his shaking
hands outstretched, but she had brok
en from the grasp of the matron and
was now in his arms with her white
head pressed against his shrunken
cheek. One trembling hand reached
up and patted his snowy pate with
frenzied, yearning strokes. Broken
whispers, ! choked with " sobs, came
halting from her throat. He' could
do nothing but strain that frail little
figure to him.
Fifty-six years — fifty-six long years
of comradeship. Those days long ago
when the children, now but misty re
membrances, had been there about
that fireside. Those days of sickness,
when their hearts had been welded by
common suffering. Those days of
golden' happiness, when the air was
free and spirits light. Fifty-six years,
long years, together. Now these
ghostly shadows of the poorhouse — a
door for the one, another door for the
other.
They did not know — that poor old
couple— that at the Almshouse there
are separate wards for the women and
the men.
Brick, the driver of the ambulance,
drew up at the door and lifted the
shriveled old lady to the ground. Pa
tiently she waited until her husband
could clamber tremblingly down the
steps of the conveyance. Then hand
in hand they stood there before the
door of the poorhouse, waiting to be
taken in.' A kind faced matron came
up and started to lead the beldame
away; the palsied husband attempted
to follow after, when an attendant
stayed him r by the .arm. Then they
In the Shadozv.
Inside of each of these tiny towers
or villi there is a complex coil of blood
vessels and little bulb-like bodies called
lacteals. The blood vessels of each vil
lus are. of course, part of the general
blood stream. The lacteals combine into
larger and larger trunks and finally
empty their contents into the great
blood tubes near the heart. Their ac
tivities will be more fully explained
when we come to discuss the lymphatic
system, of which they are a part.
Now, the little epithelial cell which
covers the villus is the real worker.
Each cell oasses the sugar absorbed
over to the blood vessels and turns the
fats absorbed over to the lacteals. The
peptones absorbed by the * epithelial
cells are taken up part by the blood
vessels (capillaries) and part by the
lacteals, all three, sugars, peptones and
fats, thus finding their way finally into
the blood stream.
The peptone as quickly as it is
formed soaks through the walls of the
stomach and. is collected by the tiny
blood tubes (capillaries), which wind
their minute coils just under the sur
face of both stomach and intestines.
During the interval of gastric digestion
ihe band of muscular fiber called the
pylorus (from a Latin word meaning
"gatekeeper") remains tightly closed.
After a time the pylorus opens and al
iows the food mass to enter the intes
tine?. The "food mass consists at this
time of starch, converted starch — that
is. sugar proteid — part of which has
been changed to peptone and fats,
which thus far are unchanged.
In the intestine the food meets with
a number of important and powerful
ferments, the bile from the liver, the
amylopsin (starch converter), trypsin
(peptone maker)' and steapsin (fat
emulsifier) from the pancreas and the
invertin and other ferments of the in
testinal fluid. The combined effect of
these enzymes or ferments is to con
vert the remainder of the starch into
sugar, to change the rest of the pro
toids into peptone and to convert the
fats into an emulsion. An emulsion is
merely a separation of a fat into very
minute drops.
The absorption of these matters in
the intestine is a peculiarly interesting
and beautiful process. The inner sur
face of the intestine is covered with
minute structures known as villi. These
villi average about one-fiftieth of an
inch in diameter and are set close to
gether,, giving to the surface an ap
pearance like a fine plush .or velvet.
Each villuB Is made of epithelial cells,
like a tower built of bricks. And the
duty of each individual cell 1b to ab
sorb from the food the digested pro
ducts — sugar, peptone and emulsion —
as soon as they are made.
The food mass, then, as it passes
from the mouth by being swallowed
and enters the stomach through the
esophagus, is changed In that part of
its starch which has been converted
Into sugar. Thus far* the proteids and
the fats are unchanged. In the stom
ach, however, the food mass becomes
mixed with the gastric juice. Now the
gastric juice has the power to change
proteid matter fnto peptone. The im
portance of this will be understood
when it is stated that mere proteid
cannot pass through the walls of the
alimentary tube, but that peptone can
do so just as ¦water soaks through a
sponge.
lolysis) and the ferment (ptyalin) to
which it is due were discussed in the
laet article.
will vote for the treaty, so that the caucus can offer no
impediment to its ratification.
The Democrats have three over one-third of the mem
bership of the Senate, and voting solidly could defeat the
treaty. But with the Senators from Florida, Georgia,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, one from North
Carolina and one from Missouri voting for it, their own
caucus is under control and the treaty will win. This is as
it sTiould be. The issue is not partisan, and the Demo
cratic Senators who support the "treaty are doing the best
thing for their country, and incidentally for their party.
There are no signs of Republican defection at all, and
when the canal is completed men of all parties can feel
an honest pride in the action of their representatives to
secure it.
THE GEARY-STREET ROAD.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALL", THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903.. "^"
THE SAN FRANGISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ........ .. Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office * ." . : . <J^|i||j£> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY. . .........'...... DECEMBER 17, 1963
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Pocketbooka. i .wrist bags, letter and
card cases, billbooks, cigar case* and
manicure sets for Christmas. Lettered
free. SanbornV Vail & Co. •
Townsend's California jrlace frutt3 and
candies 30c a .pound.. In artistic ftre-
etched boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 f Market rt.. above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied daily lU*
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •All leather goods lettered in gold free
of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket st. •
LOWER RATES .VOW
TO YELLOWSTONE PARK
Influence of President Roosevelt
Brings About a Reduction of Cost
of Transportation.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16.— At a joint meet
ing of all the lines interested and the
representatives of the Park Stage
Company held here to-day rates to the
Yellowstone National Park from all
points were lowered from 33 1-3 to 40
per cent. It was decided to extend the
season during which the rates will ap
ply, making it begin on June 1 and last
to September SO.
The railroad representatives were
actuated largely, A it is understood, „ by
President Roosevelt's great interest in
the park. When the President last vis
ited the park he expressed to several
railroad men the hope they would
make it possible for every American to
see the Yellowstone.
Arrangements have been made with
the stage company whereby a rate of
565 from Chicago will be made for the
entire park tour. The round trip rate
from the Twin Cities and Omaha will
be ?55.
A man's faith may be known only by
his faithfulness.
Apropos of the advent of Christmas
an5 the birth of a new year, the board
of managers of the Children's Hos
pital, 3700 California street, as has bsen
customary in the past, has designated
three days, December 22, 23 and 24, to
be known as donation days, when the
public will be given an opportunity to
gladden the hearts and lighten the bur
dens of the unfortunate little Inmates
of the institution by donating money
and supplies consistent with the size
of their pocketbooks. Particularly in
view of the significance of the Tuletide
and the fact that it is a period of cheer,
the appeal of the management merits a
generous response from a kind-hearted
community.
The following appeal has been sent
out by the board of managers:
Tn respectfully calling your attention to the
annual donation days of the Children's Hos
nHal December 22. 23 and 24, and BOllclttng
eltta ot money or supplies for this beneficent
charity the board of managers desires to etate
that while the year has added population and
wealth to San Francisco and the State, to the
hospital this Drosuerlty has been of little ad
vantage. On the contrary, with the growth
of the city we have had more sick children to
care for without a. corresponding Increase of
This "being the case, our friends, who have
always bwn quick to respond to our appeals,
can readily understand that our needs this
year are of special urgency.
We feel assured that this appeal for the
Children's Hospital will meet with the same
Kenerous response as that which has followed
these of former years, and that the hearts or
the sick and destitute children by your bounty
may In some measure share In that cheer and
comfort which brighten the lives of the more
fortunate little ones at the Christmas season.
.Donations of money, clothing, groceries, fuel
and supplies will be gratefully received and
duly acknowledged. Monthly subscriptions,
larfte or Email, will be called for regularly.
The committee will be at 2^27 Sutter street
December 22. 23 and 24 to receive donations.
MRS. N. D. RIDEOUT, Chairman.
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar. Mrs. J. F. Merrill. Mrs.
I N. Walter. Mrs. M. F. McGurn, Mrs. Ber
tha Lilienthal and Mrs. II. E.* Bothin.
Opportunity for the "Public
to Assist in ' Brightening
Lives of Little Snfferers
AN IMPORTANT CHARITY
Board of Managers of Chil
dren's Hospital Designates
Three Days for Donations
Miss Schwabacher, who will leave
next week for a tour of the world, was
guest of honor at a pretty dinner last
evening given by Miss Hellman at her
home on Franklin street. The table
was lavishly decorated with red poln
settias and red-shaded candelabra-
Covers were laid for thirty-eight guests.
Miss Margaret Newhall will be guest
of honor at a tea to be given to-day
by Miss Margaret Mee. Those receiving
with the hostess will be Miss Gertrude
Eells, Miss Gertrude Jollffe, Miss Flor
ence Gibbons, Miss Helen Bally, Miss
Marlon Hall and the guest of honor.
Miss Newhall.
The members of the Century Club
held their Christmas Jinks yesterday
afternoon at Century Hall, on Sutter
street. Only members were invited, and
the greatest privacy surrounded the en
tire affair. It was a Dickens party, and
the guests appeared in the quaintest of
costumes, each representing a charac
ter from one of the books of the great
author.
The I Gondolieri Club will give its
initial dance of the season this evening
at Palm Hall,. Palace Hotel.
The Christmas dance of the Deutscher
Club was given last night at Golden
Gate HalL More than 200 guests were
in attendance. The hall was decorated
in pink and white, with many Christ
mas trees in the balcony and hall.
Clusters of holly berries were also used
in the decoration.
The dance began at 9 o'clock and con
tinued until midnight, when the many
guests departed for their homes. Those
in charge of" the arrangements were:
John F. Slebe Sr., president; George C.
Sneider, secretary and treasurer, and
Harry Bussman.
Miss Edwina Hammond was hostess
at an informal telephone tea at her
home on Jackson, street yesterday aft
ernoon. Miss Carpenter was guest of
honor and graciously met the fifteen
young women the hostess had specially
invited.
• * •
Mrs. Camillo Martin and Miss Grace
Martin gave their third reception of
the season yesterday at their home on
Broadway. The rooms were effectively
decorated in accordance with the sea
.son, and pleasant hospitality was dis
pensed to the many callers.
Harry Stetson entertained a jolly
party of friends last evening at dinner.
The home of Mrs. Robert Oxnard, sis
ter of the host, was thrown open for
the affair, and in the spacious rooms so
well adapted for entertaining the most
cordial hospitality was dispensed. The
guests, approximating forty in number,
included married friends who had in
the past shown the popular bachelor
many social courtesies. The decora
tions consisted of a profusion of cut
flowers and foliage massed with artistic
effect. The host was assisted by his
sisters, Mrs. Oxnard and Mrs. Chaun
cey Rose TVinslow, who received the
guests with charming tact and grace.
Miss Alice Spragrue gave an unusually
pretty luncheon yesterday at her home
on Broadway. The color scheme of the
decorations was red, Including a pro
fusion of carnations. The table was
lighted with candelabra with artistic
red shades. The guests appeared in
their most exquisite gowns and were
charmingly entertained by the gracious
hostess. Among those present were
Miss Grace Buckley, Mrs. Frank Grif
fin, Miss Margaret Wilson, Miss Mc-
Calla, Mrs. Thomas Benton Darragh,
Mrs. James Bishop, Miss Suzanne
Blanding, Miss Charlotte Ellinwood,
Mrs. T. Danforth Boardman, Miss
Louise Sprague and Miss Frances
Sprague.
v * * •
ISSUES APPEAL
FOR SICK TOTS
PASS TIME
PLEASANTLY
AT LUNCHEON
SANTA CF.UZ. Dec. 1<}.— Juatice Bias to
day held A. Schetlce to answer a charsre Of
grand Urceny. T>.e defendant ls accused of
entering th; rojm of a fellow employe In
Kxpn's tannery and stealing $350 from a valise.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 16.-Dr. Carol
S. McDonald, the noted expert on In
sanity, who examined the assassin of
President McKinley, was on the stand
all day In the case of Hopper vs. Duns
mulr to-day, giving expert evidence on
Insanity and the tendency of persons
suffering from alcoholism to. dementia.
He wag examined and cross-examined
at length on .hypothetical questions
bearing on the condition •/ the late
Alexander Dunsmuir. ¦^kSBBV&
Noted Insanity Expert Testifies.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16. — The young
man who committed suicide in the
lodging-house at 38 West San Fernando
street has not yet been identified. He
is thought to have come from Oakland
or San Francisco and the authorities
there have been asked to try and lo
cate his relatives. The younff fellow
had been here about a week, evidently
looking for. -work. He was about 22
years of age, smooth shaven and wore
a dark suit of clothes. He told one of
the roomers that his name was George
Bauman.
Body of Suicide Still Unidentified.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 16.— Captain
C. J. Baker, commander of H. ai. -S.
Flora, and Lieutenant Harold G.
Grant, navigating lieutenant of the
vessel, were placed on trial to-day be
fore the court martial sitting on board
H. M. S. Grafton at Esquimau,
charged with having by neglect or de
fault hazarded and stranded H. M. S.
Flora on December 4 on Denrnari
Island. Both prisoners surrendered
their swords to the court Lieutenant
Ramsay and a number of seamen and
artificers gave evidence regarding the
stranding, but little was brought out
other than what has been told.
Navigators Arc Placed on Trial.
PHOENIX, A. T. t Dec. 16.— Judge
Kent of the United States District
Court to-day Issued an order confirm
ing the appointment of Howard I. Shep
herd and Courtland Parker Jr., made
by the New Jersey District Court, as
receivers of the Eastern Sugar Com
pany, whose pj-operty ls mainly In this
county. The property consists of an
immense beet sugar factory under con
struction near Glendale and a large
acreage of land, together with certain
personal property, all of which was to
day transferred to the receivers on the
county records.
The Eastern Sugar Company was
formed to establish a factory at Glen
dale. It is composed largely of Chi
cago and Detroit capitalists. A con
struction company was formed, partly
by the same persons, to do the building.
Money stringency. It ia said, etopped
operations several weeks ago. A friend
ly suit for receivership was begun, one
of the plaintiffs being Thomas Murphy.
The heaviest creditors are local con
tractors, who are restrained from pro
ceeding against the company, while the
receivers are Instructed to sell the
bonds at not less than par to pay the
debts as fast as possible. It is now
thought that the company will over
come its difficulties and that construc
tion will be resumed.
United States District Judge Kent of
Arizona Confirms the Appoint
ment of the Receivers.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 16.— Mrs. Daniel
Manning of Albany, N. Y., was to-day
elected president of the World's Fair
board of lady managers, vice Mrs.
James L. Blair, resigned. She received
fourteen out of fifteen votes, one bal
lot being blank. Mrs. Manning was
nominated by Miss Helen Gould, who
EASTERN SUGAR COMPANY
MAY RESUME CONSTRUCTION
SALINAS, Dec. 16.— The long drought
has been broken. Rain began falling
here early this afternoon and still con
tinues with low barometer. The fact
that the records kept for the last thir
ty years show that the wettest seasons
In this section have been those In which
the rain came late gives the farmers
hope.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16.— After many
weeks of dry weather the rain began
coming down in earnest here early this
forenoon. The barometer Is falling
and the prospects are for a heavy
downpour. Much plowing has already
been done, and a good soaking now
will give the farmers opportunity to
finish work. The rain could not come
at a more opportune time. The fall to
date amounts to Inches.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 16.— Rain began
falling this morning, continuing in
showers all day.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 16.— The rain
fall in Mar'm County has been extreme
ly heavy during the last twenty-four
hours. In all districts there was a
heavy precipitation, while in some parts
much land is inundated. The precipi
tation in San Rafael and vicinity for
the present storm is 1.30 inches, mak
ing a total for the season of 16 Inches,
against 12 inches up to this time last
year.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 16.— Two and a
quarter inches of rain fell Id this city
during the twelve hours ending at 7
o'clock Wednesday morning', and while
the storm was unprecedented in vio
lence during this winter, it did no, par
ticular damage. , Streams ran with full
banks for a short time this morning,
but later the sun struggled through the
clouds and shone at intervals during
the day.
Ilaln Is Falling There and Low Da
rometer Gives Promise of a Con
4 tinuancc of Downpour.
DROUGHT AT SALIXAS
IS FINALLY BROKEN'
A resolution was adopted calling on
the national committee to suspend the
rule limiting the number of members
of the board to twenty-one, so as to
elect an additional member, presumably
a St. Louis woman.
made a short speech reviewing her
qualifications.
NEW YORK WOMAN WHO HAS BEEN ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE
BOARD OF LADY MANAGERS OF THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE
EXPOSITION AT ST. LOUIS.
ROME. Dec. 16. — Gamine Urcinoli. 22
years old. has been condemned by the
Court of Assizes at Aveline to seven
teen months" imprisonment for trying
to poison a priest named Preziosi by
putting corrosive suMimate in the wine
which the priest used in celebrating
mass.
I»ol«oncr Is Sentenced.
GuHletfa rhriFtmss *>xtra mince r>«. 'f»
ere&ro ar.i oak*. MS iJirkin *t. : ML East 198 •
BAN JOSE, Dec. 16.— Mrs. Mary Wil
son, who was placed In the custody of
the Sheriff yesterday because she re
fuged to give any information regard
ing the estate left by her brother, John
Joy. repented during the night and this
morr.ing the court was assured that
she wcrtild give whatever information
was wanted. John Joy died in this city
on December 7. having some $5000
on deposit in the Safe Deposit Bank.
The money, togrc-ther with the bank
books, were in a safe deposit box that
was in the name of both Joy and his
Bister. Shortly after Joy's death Mrs.
Wilsc-p withdrew the money and some
bankbook? and shipped them by Wells-
Far?- > express to her own address at
Hoosick Falls. N. Y.
Walter Jny. a nephew of the de
ceased, on Monday applied to the court
for an order compelling Mr?. Wilson
to appear in ccort and explain what
sh« hnd done with her brothers estate.
She v.as also accused of hiding the
money from the other heirs. Mrs. Wil
pon reft:sed to give any information
when called Tuesday jn Judge Hyland's
court. Fhe admitted withdrawing the
JoOf'O and some bankbooks from the
btBic and forwarding them io her East
ern address. She refused to tell, how
ever, in ¦what other banks Joy had
nor.fy deposited or tell just what his
estate W3s worth. Judpe Hylar.d re
manded her to the custody of the Sher
iff until this morning, when if she
would r.ot pivo more information she
would be punishM. Elizabeth P-'-asch.
a nurse- was deputized to take charge
Of her.
The court was informed by Judge
Turtle this morr.ir.gr that Mrs. Wilson
would return from the East In a month
and bring the bankbooks with her and
give whatever information was desired.
H» said she had had her brother's body
embalmed and had purchased tickets
to th* East to take it there for burial.
On this showing Judge Hyland dis
rr.?Fsed the contempt proceedings.
A petition was filed by Attorney R.
R. Sver this afternoon asking that
Judpe Tuttle be appointed administra
tor of the estate of John Joy, which
Is valued at more than 510,000. It is
stated that the appointment is ask«>d
at the request of Mrs. Wilson, a sister.
Besides Mrs. Wilson. James Joy, a
brother, and scores of nieces and neph
ews are th*» heirs.
SprcUl Dispatch to The Call.
One Night in Custody of the
Sheriff Convinces Reticent
Witness of Power of the Law
MILL LEAVE FOK EAST
Promises to Give the Court
All Information Required
Coneenun<: Brother's Estate
New York Woman Named by Miss Helen Gould
for President of World's Fair Board of Lady Man
agers Chosen-Will Add St. Louis Member to Body
MRS. WILSON
IS REPENTANT
MRS. DANIEL MANNING
SUCCEED MRS. BLAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903.
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Th ° Se daint - V RJCh G ° ld I
I Clocks, with cupids and other |
$ odd designs, are very popular 1
I WsSffiar and 1 T lake s Pl en did Xmas gifts f
I —being both useful and orna- |
1 iPliL^ niental. Sixty-five styles to 3
g M1S&&M select from. The one shown g
1 &?*&& ere 1S More elaborate \
I d °c ks M S3.00, S3.7J, 84.J0, |
f \Mm S^-^0 and up to Six Come g
1 and see em — a^ so 9 l ! r IC^ 1
f ( 1 ®liillfe Go^ an ewe^ ec^ Miniatures, J?
1^^^^^ Photo Frames, Inkstands, Mir- %
$2.5O rors, etc. |
Art Metal Wares I
We believe our assortment of Artistic Metal Orna- j»
ments to be the largest in town — and certainly "those Fa- tt
mous Wholesale Prices" are far and away the lowest. We *
w mention particularly those quaint old Hammered Copper «
f and Brass Pots. Kettles, Loving Cups, etc. ; also the fa- %
J mous genuine "Kayserzinn" Pewter Ware, in the latest de- IF
ft signs; Bronze Figures, Busts and Electroliers. »
f OPEN EVENINGS. |
$ IT PAYS TO COME DOWN TO «
a That Big China Storc—a quarter of a block below Shreve's g
I S.STERNHEIM&SON I
I 528 and 530 Market Stl, 27 and 29 Sutter St. I
§ BELOW MONTGOMERY 5
AMUSEMENTS.
""What makes you look so happy?"
Asked the man. racrose anil blu»:
"That's easy." said his grinning friend,
"I've Just «e?n
S "I-O-U"
"Go Thou and Do Likewise,"' and See a Splen-
did Production of a Oreat Musical Comedy. •
Our "All Star" Cast. Including Kolb anl
Dill. Wlnfleid Blake. Maude- AmtxT. Georgia
O'Ramey. Ben T. Dillon. Althea Twin Sisters,
Allen Curtis (his first appearance.)
Our Grand Chorus cf Fifty Beautiful Voices.
Magnificent Costumes and Novel ?taff<» Effects.
Reserved S«»atJ — 7">c, r>Cc and i3c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. £oc and 5Cc.
SPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS OAT.
Matinee to-day, Thursday, Dec 17.
Parquet, any »»at. 23c; Balcony. 10c; CbU-
dren. any part except reserved. 10c. \
ALLURING VAUDEVILLE!
I Henri Humberty; The Toblns: Joan
linden's "Cycle or Love": Paulino
Hall; Francescn Redding and Com-
pany; Ilines and Kemlnston; "Bon-
ner"; The Brittons and Orpheunj
Motion Pictures.
ITEXT VTESJC,
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHQVV
TIVOLlSoir
Corner Mason and Eddy Streets.
OBAin> OPEJMJLKO,
WIONZSSAT EVUSTIITO, December S3.
Magnificent Production of the Holiday SpOQ-
tacle,
IX1ON
Or "THE WHIE11IAK,"
A Mytholcclcal Musical Extravaganza tn Thre«
¦r:'H Acts.
See Botiwell Browne's Beautiful Ballets
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES. ..2Sc. SOc and 73c
Proscenium and Meizanln? Box Peats $1 CO
The sale of seats will begin this mora-
Ing. Dec. 17. at tfro Old Tlvoll.
BiffB-Class Specialties Every Aftemooa
and Evening- tn the Thoronrnly
Heated Theater.
TO-NIOHT
GALA A.HAToUiiPEKFORMANCZ
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
HAM AD ETAS T3X THE ZOO I
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PEXXT ARCADE.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN* 3c
When Phoning Ark for "The Chute*."
f ft Holiday Gifts ff
|O EYE GLASSES <JA' t
|J OPERA GLASSES % I
fy KODAKS 1?
i^J And Other Useful Articla.
¦¦ . ¦ .-¦
Pjliiirp- DON'T FAIL TO
laiaVV the beautiful
- COURT Lo-.tr-ging
a n (I rooav the EMPIRE
fl«V PARLOR, tho
r j . PALM ROOM, the
Hf/lllU LOUIS XV PAR-
Oil DIES* WRITING
Hotels room
VFEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAB;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S.
Free ! Free !
Candies Bonbons
Chocolates
Given Away Free
WITB OUR
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Baking Powder
ALSO
Everything that's
Beautiful in Fancy
China, Crockery, Glass-
ware, Ornaments,
Dolls 8d Novelties
Come See Them
You Will Be Charmed
WITH OUB EXTRA
Liberal Premiums
Great American Importing Tea Ce.
661 Market. 1413 P«lk. IS19 Devisadero
no Grant av. 705 Lark in. 30CC Sixteenth
1*0 Sixth. 475 Haigrhl- 521 Montgy ave
255 Hayee. CMC Mission. S2S5 Mission.
146 Ninth. 52 Msrktt. SCO Third.
200S Filimore. 2732 24th. iO Fourth.
PnfNFANTS /lf\tNVALIDs^l
If you want your baby to grow
and be strong, healthy and
happy, use Mellin's Food.
yo beautifully printed p«ees of helpful hints
•bo'jt " The Care and Feeding of Infants,"
bcund in cloth, will be «ent you free if you
csk far it.
KELLINS FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
TABK URST I
(^€ul/£ BRAND I
QDABTEB SIZES QUARTER EACH 1
I i „ LOCTT . PCABODV A CO. • ¦ 1
i ] litters ot Clsett as4 Mor&rcb SSirti I
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND SATURDAY.
T0-M0RR0W— SCOTCH NIGHT
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
J. H. STODDART
AND
REUBEN F'AX
In Ian MacLaren's Comedy Success,
i BONNiE BRIER BUSH
Week beginning next Sunday matinee, bene-
fits tor Widows' and Orphans' Fund of the
San Francisco Fire Department— MAT STOCK-
TON In A LITTLE OUTCAST, and Life Saving
drama acted by members of Fire Department.
NIGHTLY. EXCEPT Sl'XDAT,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
F. C WHITNEY PRESENTS
The Queen of Singing Comediennes,
LULU
GLASER
I In Stange and Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLY VARDEN.
Seats for Second Week Now Ready.
SPECIAL MATINEE CHBX3T2XAS.
COMING— 'The Girl With tne Oreen Eyes."
I/VOjIFQFINTa]
I FOLLOW THE CROWDS. [BT^
Joseph Hart «?;
Carrie De Mar ifi
In W. A. Brady's Musical Comedy Hit,
FOXY
GRANDPA
ALCAZARSJT-
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
THE PLAY THAT THRILLS.
Belaaco A. Fyle's Military Post Drama, -
THE GIRL I LEFT"
- BEHIND ME.
Great Ca#t. Splendid Stage Pictures.
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 50c.
Next Monday — Big Holiday Production of
BLUE JEANS
The brays band. The pet ball. The barba-
cu*. The Santa Claus scene. The buzzsaw
spnratli.n. Order scat?.
FFMTOill Sc 9
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 503
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY/.
The Greatest ot Alt Border Dramas.
THE SCOUT'S
REVENGE
Thrilling Incidents! . .Powerlul Climaxes! Mag-
nificent Scenery; Splendid Comedy!
Superb Cast!
DDirCC Evenings 10c to SOo
riilVXj Matinees. 10c. 15c. 23c
Christmas Week. Dec?mb«r 21.
"ALPHONSE AND G ASTON."
Racing! p6H^ Racing!
EVERT WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLBSSDE TRACK
Ccmmenctnff MONDAY, December 14.
Six or Wore Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. ro. sharp.
Reached by streetcar fromany part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend *tr*«ts at j
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last tic. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
eROr ''THOMAS H.- WILLIAMS. PresUUnt.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§$SSS^ Oulckly and effectively In all cases of Nervous Headache, Sick
s$$S>SSS; oi!?i 2i I. Lurnb «p«>. Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability,
Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
cc$C$$v^ » u* "P very pateful that I have found such a perfect remedy
NS^SSSx »or headache. I had a. sunstroke while in the army, and ever
VXSCCSSS since have suffered treaty from headache and biliousness. The
$$$S$^ p?iu ZFu^l over * a^ e ms any , r ' Hef ls Dr - MllM ' Anti-Pain
rtus. wnicn 1 have used with «atlsfRctory results for a number
CSCSSSS of years."— M. S. BAYARD. 9S Catllna Ave.. Pasadena? Call*.
$C$$$C^ ' tJ' 1 hai l e frequently used Dr. Mil*** -Anti-Pain PJlIs f«r Neu-
OsSSSSnn; ralgia. and they Invariably jive epeedy rf.llef. Also In traveltnr
? m . nev * r wftnou t them to prevent drowsiness and headache."—
E. L. SAN FORD. Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs. Calif.
;>$S$$$$NS "Two years ngo I had a Hevere attack of La Grippe, and was
N^NNSnNS, under the doctor's care for five days without any relief. Then I
vSSSSSsS; bougrht a box of Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills, and five Pain PJ11»
m S^$$S§$yW ? ur f d "I?', A T 5!l or £ tlme aso l nad another attack, but thanks
MJJfo'fijf'ff PUR^rL^^.^G^ndil^Qre."^ thr * e ¦ * ""
XSSX$$^ Neuralpla. Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe. Pain 'n
SSxSSSSS Stomach. Ague Pains, Indigestion. Dizziness, Nervousness and
• Sleeplessness.
§$$v$s^ "Once, and often twice a. week, for years I have had spells
sSSSXSSS; of dull, heavy pains across the forehead accompanied with
sSSnSSSS pains In heart, arm and shoulders I fijid Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln
nSSSNSSX; Pills very beneficial, one tablet usually being sufficient to stop-
!SSSS$S$S the, pain."--MRS. LEONA BIDDER. Wheatland. Calif.
$C$$$V^S 'T could not cet' along without Dr.- Miles' Anti-Pain Pills.
SSjSSSSS They give me, almost lnatant relief from almost any pain.
sSSJcOvx^ * * lv * them to all of the children, even the baby, and w« feel
SSSSSSSS no bad effects, afterward*, as one does from most medicines."—
sSSSSSSS; MRS. IRA ALLEN. 20S Indiana Ave;, Riverside. Calif.
SJC§sS§?L Dr. Miles' Antr-Paln Pills are sold by all drugolsft, 25 cents •
ilKsSSSSSSSj\ box, under « positive guarantee that the first bcx-weJI benefit
ftSSw XXSXNX:s * or money refunded.
Ihe Genuine Dr; Miles' -Remedies are never sold at Cat Prices.PROPOSED rLAX FOR MAGNIFICENT AMPHITHEATER SENT TO SUPERVISOR BOOTH BY WORKS COM
MISSIONER MANSON. WHO URGES THAT THE STRUCTURE. FIR3T SUGGESTED BY THE MER
CHANTS' ASSOCIATION, BE ERECTED AT SEVENTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
¦: CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. t6.— An epidemic
of cholera is raging: at Kerbela; south of Bag
dad. • From December . 0 to December 12 six
teen deaths from" disease were recorded:
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— Secretary Root has*
taken adverse, action ¦> on;'- the -proposition -to
transfer the headquarters of the artillery dis
trict from Fort Flagler, -"Wash., to Fort Wor
den. Wash. ' . ' " ' . : J ."' ¦ . -
PARIS.. Dec. .'16. — Santos Dumont will. start
for St. Lculs tn a fortnight 10 arrange for the.
installation of his huse . dirigible balloon | "San
tos Dumont No. 7^','i and .the hydrogen genera
tors and to learn the quality of the-gas prelim-'
inary*to taklnc part". In the dirigible balloon
competition. ; - ; .. .¦ , ' '• ,- .v-, . ¦
SAN JOSE. Dec. lH.-^Harry Murphy, who Is
accused of breaking Into the residence of P.-L.
Roberts at (H) South ElChth str«et' on Sunday,
was caotured to-day at fan Luis Obisoo/ by
Sheriff Ivans. Murvhy, .it is claimed, eecurea
a gold watch and some other articles and then
started south. He in an ex-convict and was
released fr^rtn San, Quentln ! the Jatter -part ol
Xovember/ . • /
able to the promoters in this city at
present that it will be difficult to stamp
out. - The'only way out.of the difficulty
would be : to imake all the' boxers who
seem to ¦ makfc- a business of it .Join* the
professional" ranks, where they belong.
Second race, one mile . and a quar
ter, selling— The Bobby won. Free Ad
mission second, ; Hayward Hunter
third. Time, 2:10 4-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Morning
Star .won. Pickwick second, Bronx
third. Time, 1:15 2-5.
Fourth race, selling, _ one mile —
Ivcrnla won, Mynheer second, Mac
beth third. Time, 1:43. l
Fifth race, six furlongs — Cardinal
Wolsey won, Bon Mot second, Major
Mansir third. Time, 1:15 2-5. l
Sixth race, one mile, selling — -The
Messenger won, Lee King second,
Pompino third. Time, 1:43 4-5.
XEW ORLEANS, Dec. 16. — Cres
cent City summary:
First race, five furlongs — Eva Rus
sell won. Palmist second, Sid Silver
third. Time, 1:02. .¦;,;_
Xew Orleans Race Results.
Will Use Water of the Arroyo Vallc.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16, — A notice ap
propriating 800,000 inches of water
of the Arroyo ..Valle' under a four-inch
pressure was filed in the County Re
corder's office tq-day by Attorney H.
F. Dusing.i The Arroyo Valle\ is a
stream .that arises . east of • Mount
Hamilton and north: of San Antonio
Valley, flowing.northerly into Alameda
County. Itis stated : that It is intended
to divert the •'•water from the creek by
means of a dam and reservoir and with
flumes, dams and pipes sell it; to cities
and towns "or for irrigation' purposes.
raOSABLE WIDTKEBS.
First X&ace — Adirondack, Tanun, Klck
mnbob. . . .
• Second Baco— Zainault, The Curs,
Caroburn.
Third race — Sir Applefcy, Ebony, Eliz
abeth £.
Pourth Ec.ce — Lcrd Melbourne, Did
erot, Nigrette.
Fifth Uace — Saintly, Beeves, Atwood.
Sixth Uace— Idojro, Fat Morriscey,
Constable.
Electric Railway to'Extend Its Line.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16:—The Inter
urban Electric Railway has announced
its intention to build an electric rail
way up San Carlos street, through the
Xaglee Park and into East San Jose
and thence to Evergreen. A franchise
for this route will shortly be applied
for. This means the opening of San
Carlos street through to East San Jose
and the construction of a bridge across
the CoVote Creek at that point. As
evidence of its desire to build into East
San Jose by way of San Carlos street
the Interurban Company is now build
ing a road oh San Carlos street, from
Market to First, for which.it has se
cured a franchise. . f>:
Playing cards, game counters, poker
chips, dominoes, chess and chekers in
elegant cases for Christmas. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. • •
From come correspondence 'which
passed between John Elliott, secretary
of the Olympic Club, and George James,
chairman of the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation registration committee, 'yester
day, the spirit of amateurism is ap
parently at a low ebb among the box
ers.
The Olympic Club officials desire to
give a boxing tournament in February,
extending over two nights. The mere
announcement of such an affair should
result in a Hood of Inquiries as to
matches. Instead of this there were
no volunteers and solicitation in the
usual quarters did not bring any better
results. The club officials found that
medals and similar trophies were not
to the liking of ths so-called , amateurs.
They wanted the good yellow gold for
which their professional brothers fight.
By implication this means that the
promoters of all the otner clubs giving
amateur shows are not so strict in their
dealing with the boxers «is are the
Olympic officials.
George James, replying to Mr. El
liott's letter, said his associates would
punish any amateur who' was convicted
of asking or of receiving a nvmey prize.
In discussing this question Mr. James
said: "The^ registration committee has
heard from •time to time that the ama
teur boxere receive. money in addition
to some suitably inscribed trophy. We
have been able in but.few cases to se
cure any. evidence against them. The
club managers refuse, to. testify and the
other boxers -will not incriminate their
friends. If the Olympic Clu-b or any
other club will furnish sufficient evi
dence we will make . an example of
some of the boxers."
Mr. Elliott of the Olympic Club has
been a stalwart defender of amateur
ism for twenty-flve years or more.
President William Greer: Harrison and
the, other directors are also strong ad
herents of pure sport, jit is their
known attitude in "this regard that
deters would-be violators of the rules
from appearing at the Olympic Club.
Boxing Is a sport which do^s not lend
itself readily to amateurism and; there
will be eternal strife between the of
ficials and participants. It is so profit-
DETROIT. Mich.. Dec. 16.— The
1904 convention of the Baptist Young
People's Union of America -will be held
here, probably from July 7 to 10.
Baptists to Meet In Detroit.
Olympic Athletic Club Of
ficials Find Considerable Dif
ficulty in Securing 1 Boxers
CHICAGO,' Dec. 16.— John Menefee.
pitcher of the Chicago National
League, was released to-day by Pres
ident Hart. Menefee. it is understood,
will devote his attention to business.
Pitcher Mencfce Released.
AMATEURS SEEK
MONEY PRIZES
•Apprentice allowance.
Sixth race — S«ven furlongs; 3-year-olds and
up; Eelliny:
r.44<» ninaldo (Siskiyou Stable) 112
M47 Ofcar Tolle (Klundcr & Burns) lir>
.'462 Evar.der (W. Fisher) 107
T.42S Orcsius (Eurltley & Co.) 107
M4ft »Ra»tp (.1. Green) 107
."461 Pat MorrfFFey (T. Wrllman) 107
> r>.174 Idniro (S. Rafourl .112
T.4r?8 «Klfin King (A. Ro-d) 107
5410 'Constable (Stoclitcn Stublcs) 107
Fifth race — Futurity course; all asres- sell
ing: ••'
.M53 Saintly (T Crowe) ......112
.... Atwood rj. T. Heroingray) ; O.t
.... ("croner Kelly (Bender & Co ) 0:t
r.41!» Ananias (J. F. Schorr) tti
KKC *Florinel II (W. Hoa'e) 107
r«45i» 'rleeves (Lamacr.ey Bros.) 104
MM t|uatr» (R. Tierney) JJO
54D1 Fort Wayne (A. Roe») t 109
Fo-jrth race — Mile and seventy yards- 3-year
olds and cp; selling:
r.4«n Camba ceres (V. Gill.ert) 1 .. 102
6458 1 O U <C\ W. Chapj>elle) '.'.". 102
r.44:; Gorsralette (Fitzgerald & Co).. 100
54r:» Diderot (J. P. Atkln) !'.!!l07
.%4C1 *.~ilurlan (Lamj.r-ncy Dro?.; .'"l(r>
517.? »!x>rd Melbourne (Bender & Co) Ifiii
V,i"> *NlRrette (Jennincs & Co.) f>5
C4.-.4 *Ltcy Crawford (B. Schreiber) 100
Third race — Seven furlongs; maiden two-year.
.olds; j.iirpe:
; MS7 Elizabeth E (M. Eppinger) 10°
.'•4S0 NVko <AIh*mbra Stable) 105
MC0 Dr. IKrdaall (Biomhl & McGovern)..n0
M-H Jack Little (W. P. Fine) 107
6463 Capitol <G. Lanka) ' 107
540.! Sir Appleby (T. «. FTPUFon) ..110
54<;:} Ebony (Hamilton Stable) no
."{.V5 'Prick Fowler (Eonsuck & Co.) SI
f>4.V< Hainault (Thoma* £: lUavey) 10s
.1400 *I.ady Fcr.pe (G. Lanka) Hi
.... 'I.aocoon (Mis. J. Coffey) -. RS
r.4."7 Ncpru=ra < ".. J. Balawin) 80
5122 Bauenzo (Wa'.z & Co.)..., n«
r>4.".2 'The Cure ( W. Fisher) 84
r>+.*»7 •Cnroburn <TJ. Srhrcibfr) . si
54. r )T 'Floriana Belle Mrs. C. K. Miller) 81
Miss Hill told the detectives who
were detailed on ; the ease that the
money and jewels were concealed un
der a mattress in her room. There was
$1250 in coin and about $750 in Jewelry)
The jewelry included three diamond
rings. It was the duty o< tliS Chinese
to clean up the various apartments,
and it wns nearly noon when he reach
ed those occupied by the landlady. Yhe
latter left the house soon .afterward,
and did not return- .until late in" the
afternoon. It was evening before she
discovered the theft and noiifie-i the
police. • .
The Chinese servant, who is known
as Ah Lun, disappeared with the
money and valuables. Other occupants
of the house say that he left the place
hurriedly after arranging Miss Hill's
room. The captain of detectives at
once dispatched men into the .Chinese
district to locate the man if possible
p.nd arrest him. His haunts- were vis
ited, but no clew of him can be found.
It is supposed he left the city immedi
ately,- and orders for his detention have
been telegraphed to several of the in
terior towns. The police have reason
to suppose that he will make, tn at
tempt to reach China, and all the out
going steamers in the direction of th&
Orient will be watched. -
The detective department is work
ing to locate a Chinese boy who robbed
Miss Daisy Hill, the proprietress of a
lodging-house at 340 Stockton street,
of $2000 in coin and jewelry. The thief
was in the employ of the woman for
over three years, and. until last Mon
day afternoon, when he disappeared
with his plunder, was regarded as an
honest servant.
»
Proprietress of a Stockton-
Street Lodging-House Loses
$2000 in Coin and Jewels
SPOKANE. Dec. 16.— As Michael
Sweeny, foreman of a railroad graders*
camp a tor: rr.iles from Hope. Idaho,
started out from his tent upon the shore
of Lake Pend d'Oreille to call the men
to work this afternoon, he was struck
over the heart by a stray buller. Clasp
ing his hands over the wound and with
blood pouring from his mouth Sweeny
Etagtr»red into the tent, dying a few
minutes later.
The bullet was of small caliber. "Who
fired the/shot is not known. Two men
and two boys were seen ahoctins at
birds across the lake during the noon
hour and -several shots were heard at
intervals, presumably fired by hunters.
es there have been a number In that
section recently. It ia presumed a stray
bullet from across the lake hit the
water, glanced and struck Sweeny.
Sweeny was about 43 years of age.
Hi3 wife lived with him at their tent.
A son and daughter live In London.
The body was taken to London to await
arrival of the Coroner.
£ pecia! Dispatch to The C»X\
Mysterious Shooting Occurs in
a Railroad Graders* Camp
Situated Xear Hope, Idaho
Young Corbett, the featherweight
champion, is fighting himself into con
dition in his. gymnasium out at the
Beach Tavern. Ambitious amateurs
of all weights have been tackling him'
and there have been some rare scraps;
witnessed by a handful of spectators.
He went three rounds with Jack
Burke,- the most promising lightweight
in this vicinity, yesterday, that for
quick action are seldom equaled.
Burke \va3 outclassed, but he was
game and was painted a gory red be
fore time was called. Both boxers had
on big gloves, or there would surely
have been a knockout. Burke kept
coming all the. time, although Corbett
was scoring with left and right with
unerring accuracy.
George Sanferson was next taken on.
He landed three blows on Corbett's
body, but the latter qu:ck!y stopped
any further play there. In the second
round Corbett received a blow on a
nerve in the shouliler which disabled
him for a few moments. It affected -a
chord in the neck and proved painful
for a time. On Tuesday he received the
same kind of a blow on the elbow,
which affected him temporarily.
He looks big and' rugged at present
and two more weeks. of training are ex
pected to work wonders in his condi
tion. Training is serious business with
him this time and he goes about it in a
businesslike way" and with serious
mien.
It seems possible a controversy will
develop over Corbett'a weight. ! He
guards this secret as jealously as a
bachelor maid guards her age and ap
parently Intends to do so until he geti
on the scales the day of the fight if
he can .withstand the pressure. He
claims this is one of the secrets of his
training which belongs to himself arid
his handler. Harry Tuthill. Xo one \
else' about the place* ever sees him step
on the scales.
What purpose it serves to keep this
a secret Is hi|rd to discern. It does not
make him any heavier nor any lighter
to- weigh- in public. His chief argu
ment is that while he might be consid
erably overweight to-day it would
give the public a wrong impression, as
he is positive he will be at weight at
the appointed hour. He has posted a
forfeit of 51000, half of which guaran
tees his appearance and. the other his
weight. He has to make 129 pounds at
6 o'clock. In his last light with Hah
lon he weighed 130. pounds ringside.
Young Corbet t Makes a Great
Secret of the Tale Told by the
Weighing: Scales in His Koom
; INGLESIDE EACET2ACE — Wednesday, Dec. 16— Weather Rainy. Track sloppy.
| o-HtS. riRST RACE— Futurity cours?; selling; ,1-j enr-oids and .up; va'.ue,to flrgt. $3J5.
I Index | Horse and Owner. JWt'St U. i£~. «i.'Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
W2S jAlice Carey. "3 <F. H. Bell)...!l<MJ .', .. 2 «tl 2V41 -l-l 2'i'Hlldebrand | 4 8
542S (Mountebank, a (Keating) '10H 1 .. ;{ i* .", -^'3 1 *2 2 U. Booker. . I 2 '-'
M36 Vupk in Bocts. 3 (Josephs) 104; 4 .. 5 h 4 % r 4 2 .'! n IConnell j U 7-2
(Military, 5 (\V. Durker) |llttj« .. 7 4 7 :'l 0 2 4 2 Adams | 10 •*'>
MI'S Thlsbe, a (McCoy & Co.) :iO9 •_' .. 1 h 2 2 2 % 5 2'ijj. Lewis.:.] 10 i
542H jMareaa. 5 (U. E. IXilan) 114 7 ... 4 1US 4 5 l'i<J 3 jSee 1 8 . -'(»
j 4:<?2 Jiungarlan, a <nunn & Co.)... : ll!«; « ... * k S 7 2 |Bell j 15 M
j :Em*hee. 4 (C T. Henshall)., . ,122 :{ ... 6 1 (1^74 8 |OtW ! 3 8
t&Hi Arthur Ray. 4 (J. I,. Clayton). ;I22| Left. " IBullir.an ...| 8 1»>
; Time — :24'i, :40, 1:12. At post. >i minute. off at 2:C.V'.. Carey, place. ."5; show. 7-5.
Mountebank, pluce, 4-5; show, 2-5. 1'ufs. show, 7-10;. Winner, b. f. by Trappean-Ab
ble y. Trained by H.' E. Rowell. Scratched— Sallie Gcodwln. Merwan. Clivoso. Start
j poor. 'Won in a drive of four. Winner, although tiring some at the end, had the footing
; over her flel.l. Slo'.mtcbank no excuses. l'uss \n Poots weakly ridden. Military ran a
; » fa.r race. Thisbe quit. Maresa ran a cheap race. Krrthee lacked speed.
] S4«;>. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
! lndvx| ilurse and Owner. |\Vt|St. Vi~ Vi. ft. Str. Fin. ( Jockey^ j Op! cT.
| ;llockaway (Bums & W.) 11151 1 ... 1 % 1 WA 1'i' 1 [Bulhnan ...',11-20 1-2
j jMer.don (Dayton & Co.) ilCrj 1 3 ... :{ 2S3 4 2H2n I Foley 15 3<t
j (M"H).Cap Fors»e (Alhambra Sta)...lllO| 2 ... 2 %~2 l'i.J'5" 3 7 Ichandler .. 4 »
: M32 .Military Man (Ferguson) iKtti 6 . . . (J 5 1 4 3 4 ."5 '.I. Martin.. 3 13-5
; Virginia Boy (Winter & Co.).. 102! 4 ... 4 1 4 S&S 4 5 3 • I.T. Boyd.... 100 2l»
i 5427 lUeorjre Berry (Bottler & Co.). {112: 5 ... 5 4 (i - 0 0 jBuston ! 20 100
Time — :25. :49U, 1:15. At pon \\ minute. Off at 2;.";0ii. Rockaway. place, 1-G; out show.
Mendon. place, (i; Fhow, 2. Fcrsee. show, 1-2. Winner <-h. c. by Altamax-Recreation.
Trained by C. T- Patterson. Scratched— Dargln. Start Keod for all but Military Man.
Won very easily. Next three driving hard. Rockaway outclassed his company. Mendon
j is better than a fair one. He outsramed C'apt Fcrsee. Military 5!nn was almost left.
Oeorp« Berry can down cheap ones.
, .147O. THIRD RACE — Seven furlong?; 6ellinir: 2-year-olds; value to first, $325.
i Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlBt %; %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
! ."V403 llled Cress Nurt« (Brcwn) |10I] 8 3 j 1^2 n 1 h In 1 Vi IFcley S 7
| 54M Miss Rinulrts iFeignson) il(M| 7 1 11..I 8J 2 1%2 1^.2 1»-VJ. Martin.. 8 10
I iTA4A)[The Bupaboo iM. Epplnger). . [112' 5 2 i,":: 2 3 1 %:'. 2 "3 2'ijX. Lewis.. 10 15
; MHO lAverjjror (J. F. Schorr) 107 1 4 n I U 4 2 4 2 4 4 ";Reed S-5 7-5
£456 jTrlephone (U. A. .Smithf 102, 2 7 2 tf n* fi n 5 2 5 n ;i-*r.«en 8 10
r.44<; jFoxy Grandpa (Mrs. Coffer). . |102! 0 6 l«-i7 2 7 4 7 4 (5 4 IHll'debrand I 20 30
M5:> |I>orice (U. Sch'eiber) 110413 f. 1 5 3 S2 «1 7 3 [J. Bocker..! 4 4
6450 !EIie (G. Lanka) _ 104' 4 J) S3S6SS88 Underpon ..! 10 20
j 419:: ,;ioceo (Burns & Waterhouse). . |UM' !) 8 U !t J) J> <> JR. Coleman.] 5 12
! Time— :2.">, :4!)'i. l:!f. 1:29, At post >4 minute. Off at 2:55*;. Tied Cross Nurse, place. 5-2;
?how. C-5. Miss Ringlets, place. 4; show, S-o. The BuRabco. show. 5-2. Winner, ch. f.
by Prince Rudolph-Accident. Trained by H. Glnver. Scratched— Kartor Anna II. Start
coed. Wen in a drive of three. Winner outslayc -.1 MUs Rinclets. The Ktigraboo ran to
form. Avenger requires stronger handling. Dorice was considered a "m-addar."
, P471. FOURTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; handicap; all ages; purse; value to fir«t. $SCO.
Horse and Owner. [Wt]st. \i . gj % . Str. Fin. j Jocney. I Op. cT.
'C~"'S!iE roper ? «-Tenn!r.gs & Co.).;il2| 3 3 1^2 H 2 m 2 12 '^JT Mai tin. . 2 3^2
(^453):Fosp1I. 3 (Parktr A- Co.) 'Kfl! 2 11 1 m ij ! 1 K» li, t llur'F 2 2
;Oarsman. 3 (I* Krmpner) ..11141:1 2 n 3 H S~4 -'t 2 "« >i Wonderly . t5 10
/.•V,^ aIco " brid .P T 3 < Housman > ¦i'- 0 ' 5 ' * 5 14 3 2 4 3 4 2 4 4 [Lan-en."... 10 2S
<.>4.V-)Horatiu3. 3 <J. J. McAles-er). lOTj 5 4 lj 4 tj 5 t! 5 ft* 5 5 lOtia 3 7
rt^ jp'tf^'l Daniorel. 4 .Chappell): B0i fi r, h 7 r, % « e 6 12 J. Lewtalv! CO CO
5441 l\e:iow Tall. C fj. Hackett). . J112! 7 7 Cl 7 7 7 [King \ 6 13
Time— :24« 4 . :43^. l:ir.i;. 1 :40i,. 1:47. At post 2'i minutes. Off at 3:2r.Vi. Proper.
P-ace .10: show. 1-3. Fossil, place. 7-10; show 1-3. Oarsrrfan. show 8-5. V.'Inner
b. e. by PreFtonpan«-Prim. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched— Ishtar Start poor.
VI on 1 easily. Next two driving hard. Proper collared nnd drew away from Fossil when
touched with the persuader. Oar^rne.n will take a lot of beating next, time out Falcon
bntiEe ran a nice race. Better ihlngs were expected of Horatius. Yellow Tall no mud
j '.~* rtc . * > .
¦5472.. FIi- ill RACE— 3'.^ furlong*; gelling; 3-year-clda and up: value to first. .| 325. |
Indrxj Horse and Owner. jWtiSt. «.;] \$~. »;. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. 5?
SfS*l2Sr ! 2 tOr r "^ lBurns & W.)....j 9S, 2 ... 3 n 2 2^1 n 1 tfc |"La"recn ....'.{ 4 13-S
541R j?ad Sam. 5 CH. Green) 110 1 ... 1 * 4 1 li, 2 2*2 4 iSherwood .. 3-2 D-5
f4«4),Lan?downe. 3 (Fitzgerald) ...! »7l 5 ... 2n 32 3 1't3n IRoa^h -0 50
445.G Mlmo. 3 (P. Sheridan) I1O.»| 7 ... 7 8 1%6 «?4 S U Booker 10 "5
;>42:5 G!endrnning, 4 iSink Jr.) 1102,6 ... 4 3 5 2 V 4 5 n iFoley ' !>-¦> 13* -i
5400 'L \V«gner. 4 .McAtlls:er) ?. IM 4 ... « n 4 4 B n «3 J Lewi's .'.'j 10 13
../. iThe Stewardess. 4 (Winter). . lO.'i 3 ... 5 n 7 7 7 J Hord ")
.... jMarlin. 3 .S. P. Bender) ....{ Its' Left " foUphlnt. '.'.'. \ 12 20
Timj— :24Vy. :41)'i 1:CSH- At po?t % minute. Off at 3:323;. Xen atcrr^Ta7e,~l ; show 3-5
i-ain. pltr^. 4-5: Fhow. 2-5. Lansdowne. show. ti. Winner br. c. by Brutus-Xerva'
Trained by C. M. Hollenback. Scratched— Americano, Halnault, Arcade Jockey Club'
Start poor Won under a pull. Xext three driving. Xervator ran Sad Sam 1 !, eye out
nnd breezed home Lansdowne ran a corking cood rnce. At the close the odds about
looked like Christmas time. Mlmo ran a eood race.
5473. SIXTH P.ACE— One mile and 50 yards; stllTngT^y^aT^s^nTupTv^^
Index; Huise and Owner. |Wt;st. *T. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op. cT.
(r*4j9)Lor<l Melbourne. .'{ (Render). .11021 4 4 2144 3 1 ». 1 1141 •>' i'foiTnh ant 'l 51k Vt~k
.... Jan? Holly. 4 (.1. C. Yeager). . linj 1 3 2 :J 14 2 .'* 2 4 " ~> Bell '*" la 40
(r,447);i{o5aric. 4 (C. W. Chappell).. 105J H 6 h 0 2 5 4 4 5 3 6 HlH.-b-Vnd | -1 4
5447 Kittle Kelly. 6 <Stanfleld). . . .jior. 5 1 h 1 4 3 5 3 n 4 h ! T Lew?s ! « ¦ -
.... McO. Prince. « .11. Oxnard).. 110' 2 7:; 73 7 1 7 ." r, " Wondertr'l 20 fO
& Rcva,tv 1V 4 Pri ,H C ar ' ! t CO) " 1^ I I 1*1 h C "i fi " ' il PSSSS "I 20 eo
..4.! ( Royalty, 4 (H. Green) 1C» 3 2 h 2 n 4 n 5 h 7 n U Rook— 1 j n
r,r4 jnisru.. 3 iJohwrn & Co.) |iC5 8 8 S s 8 " S I M. .Johnson: I 30 TO
Time— :l-5 :49$£ 1:1(5. 1 :42U. 1 :45'4. At post iv; minutes. Off at 4:13U- Lord Melbourne
place 1-4: show out. Jane Holly, place. 10; Eh nw, 4. Roparie. 'show 2-5. Winner hi"
by Prince of Monaco-Gondola. Trained by S. P. Bender. Start good Won easHv Ve?t
two .Irjving hard. Winner bid up from $Gtf) to $12uO by F. W. Do«s but wh, retained
V.-lnner a crack mud horse. Jane Holly stretched it out well Posar'. lL^ lit
S^ ttm ' Kitty Ke.ly ouit early. Rcya-ty
STRAY BULLET
KILLS FOREMAN
BOXER'S WEIGHT
IS A MYSTERY
1 Commissioner of "Works Hanson yes
terday sent to Supervisor Booth the
plans for an imir.er.fe amphitheater
designed to be erertecl on the children's
playground lot at Seventh and Harri
son street?. Tho necessity of such a
structure was touched upon at the
i recent- banquet of the Merchants' As
j sociation. The plans were iirawn by
j Mr. llarreon and include provisions for
> gymnasium and baths.
| The seating capacity of. the grand
j stand will be about iJ.OOO. The area
I available for gymnasia, baths, etc.. is j
60.7C0 square' feet and for field sports I
P4.L'Q3 square feet, or a total area of |
3.4 acres. Immediately under the seat
ing portion will be spaces reserved for
! the girls' gymnasium, basket ball an'l
I plunge. Accompanying the plans was
the following letter to Supervisor
i Booth, who will bring the matter to the
| attention of the-Board of Supervisors:
I Hon. Janifj P. nooth. Supervisor:
I I hard j-cn herewith model and p!ans of an
ami h'.* heater, 'oaths snd m^mnasium desigmed ;
[ to occi;py the slt« for a chllflr»p's plaj-jrrouftd i
j at Seventh airl Harrfscn street*.
¦ It is Intended not to b<« u«ed during the en- j
i tire y"\r Ty th-> .'chocl children of Pan Fran- |
j r!*co. psrenc on specinl occas'nna. when jrames, |
| atblfttc contests. <^t<\. of any kind may be car- I
i r!r<l en. eifher freo or by ticket.
; Th? scheme ct the plan !s a footb3ll field en
tr>» en'l." of which ar= s"m:";rr!en. Around
1 this a re* is to be e olnd»r track flft<»en feet
j wide. Ri*;n.T frrm this track and «imllnr!y |
•hjrped arc to bo rows of seats s;ipported on j
j concrete. - ;
i Brnrath thepe ieaUl are to be baths, gym- j
i Iranians, handball courti. i
The here i» erpr.->«se<1 that citjicr thr^ujrh j
: rrivnf cr public Kcnercslty meansN may tx»
found available to construct this much needed
i Improvement, Rpspectfuiiy.
• - M>RFDKN MANSOS.
: ComTTiissicner cf Works.
CHINESE BOY
TURNS THIEF
Jockey Club Appeals Sloan Case.
PARIS, Dec. 16. — The stewards of
the French Jockey Club have entered
an appeal in the case of Tod Sloan,
the American jockey who obtained a
verdict of costs against the Jockey
Club in his suit for $40,000 damages
for being warned off the turf in con
nection with Rose de Mai's winning
the Prix de Diane at Chantllly in May
last.
University of Minnesota expects the
game to take place in San Francisco
on January 1, according to contract.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 17.— When seen
early this morning in regard to the
calling off of the game between Cali
fornia and- Minnesota Coach Williams
of the latter team said: "That is not the
final word between the two, universi
ties in regard to the matter, but I am
not at liberty to say what the outcome
will be until I confer with Manager
Barnard to-day."
BERKELEY, Dec. 16. — The Univer
sity of California football executive
committee to-day, called off the pro
pored Xew Year's day football game
between the university eleven and a
team from the .University of Minne
sota. Representatives of the two uni
versities met at Denver and signed an
agreement, but subsequent correspond
ence developed differences which were
not satisfactorily adjusted.
MINNEAPOLIS, ..Doc. 16.— Officials
of the Univevsjty of Minnesota received
the following ielegram to-day from
Football Manager Ezra Decoto of the
University of California: "Game off.
Barnard .'does not seem to understand
contract. See letter.
' "EZRA W. DECOTO.'
, The Minnesota officials replied as
follows: "Barnard's contract is in
black and white. We have accepted
that. No misunderstanding possiole.
Too late to back out now. We musL
and do ho!.1 you to Bernard's written
contract. Nothing else.
"HENRY L. WILLIAMS."
Blue and Gold Managers and
Players iMaldng Xo Prepa
rations for the Contest
Three bookmakers afflicted with a
feeling of ennui retired at yesterday's
cut-in. Twenty-two firms made the
weight.
With both Cascine and Rockaway as
eligibles it certainly looks as if Burns
& Waterhouse have first call on the Cal
ifornia Derby. The horse that beats
Rockaway will take first money. The
race will be run on February 22.
John Bullman and Starter Jake Holt
man never did agree welL Bullman
had the mount on Arthur Ray in the
first race and did not get away from
the barrier. For this Jake set the rider
down for three days. Bullman claims
It was no fault of his. as the horse was
turned the reverse way.
Charley Henshall started Emshee for
the first time in the opening event and
lost him. F. H. Bell, In whose name
Alice Carey starts, claimed the horse
for J725. The odds against Emshee
went from 3 to 12. when a late play
forced the price down to 8.
The entry of Sol Smith will be re
fused until convincing proofs are laid
before the Judges that Jockey D. Hall
is not the owner of the two-year-old.
Hall at present is not in pood standing.
Sidney Bender's Lord Melbourne came
in for a boost after winning the last
race. Frank Doss tilted the entered
selling price from $600 to $1200. Sidney
bid the customary $5 to retain.
Foley on Red Cross Nur3e put up a
vigorous finish — about the best he has
furnished at the meeting.
llcndon ran some clever races at St.
Louis and should win the first time out
in moderate company.
Although the meeting at Ascot Park,
Los Angeles, will be governed by the
rules of the Pacific Jockey Club, this
will not affect "Boots" Durncll nor the
Relff boys. These turfmen were Invited
"to come to Los Angeles. Thomas H.
Williams says that as a special favor
any objections in this particular In
stance will be waived.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
sr.ri up; selling:
MC2 Border Mark <Hutchinsf>n & Co.) 109
R4.18 •Kickutnbob (Walz & Co.) 107
MM 'fcuc Johiifon (Johnson & Co.) .107
5442 •Illilouou <W. D. Randall) 107
MCT Rio Chico (Harris A- Co.) ...112
M28 •Invictu* <Mj-f. Gabriel 107
6426 Adirondack ill. L.. Shannon) JO4
M15 •Tunin (Majrrane & Co.) .' 107
Second race — Futurity course; all aces; cell- '
in*: • • I
One of the heaviest plunges of the
afternoon was made on X»rvator to
win the five and a half furl jr.g scram
ble, for which Sad Sam ruied favorite.
The entry of Boot? & Kollenbeck dis
played a remarkable turn of speed,
running under mild restraint from the
jump and beating Sad Sam with Lar
son sitting as immovable as a piece of
Ftatucry. O'.endenning, formerly con
sidered a fast had an off day
and the betting signified as much.
Lansdowne. a 50 to 1 shot, ran third.
Lord Melbourne, as everybody is
aware, early in his career showed a
fondness for muddy going. Sidney
Bender's gelding looked a certainty for
the mile and fifty yards run ar<i scored
In En ordinary gallop. Jane Holly, at
40 to 1, b^at Rosarie for the place.
Royalty rulkefl after being bumped on
the back stretch.
NOTES OP THE TL'RF.
Nearly all of the different winners
were well supported and the sharp
shooters exhibited such rare precision
that the ring again received a shaking
up. Throe favorites were successful.
Starting for the first time in the col
ors of Dr. Rowell and running in the
name cf F. H. Bell, Alice Carey, an
g to 1 shot, cleaned up in the intro
ductory sprint. With Sallie Goodwin
Fcratrhed. Mountebank went to the
post^avnrite. The latter* ran his race,
but could not overhaul Alice Carey,
wh'ch won by more than two lengths.
Pu*s in Boots was an indifferent third.
Rockaway, the Bums & Waierhouse
crack, made a show of the other start
ers In the six furlong two-year-old
event. Although It was his first start
at the meeting tho ring took no liberties
with the colt, holding him a 1 to 2
chance. Bullman had the leer up on
the favorite and he scored handily from
Mendon after a little urging down the
stretch. Military Man. heavily backed
<or the place, got oft so poorly that
he had no chance.
Johnny Fchorr started Avenger in
the seven furlong event, also for two
year-olds, and a deal of coin was bet
on the colt at S to 5. Reed was totally
unable to do anything with him. run
ning unplaced. Miss Ringlets and Red
Cross Nurse fought it the entire
way, the latter, ridden by Foley. get
ting the verdict by half a length. N.
Lewis landed The Bugaboo in the show.
PLUNGE ON NEUVATOR.
WINNERS HEAVILY BACKED.
The judges were not called upon to
pick any nose finish on this occasion.
Tommy Burns rode Fossil and he took
the pride of the bushes out in front.
Proper trailing at his heels. Turning
Into the stretch. Martin struck Proper
once with his whip and the big colt
assumed the front position and. grad
ually forging ahead, he won easily, cov
ering the one and a sixteenth miles In
1:47, a remarkably goad race.
Oarsman finished strongly, but Fos
sil, though tiring perceptibly, held him
Fafe, taking the place by half a length.
Horatius. with Otis up. disappointed
his backers, nf ver being a factor.
Oarsman, the New York crack, was
EFked to Fhou'-der 114 pounds, but it
looked as if the stable did not consider
him quite up on edge, for his odds went
from 6 to 10.
The first of the 51000 bi-weekly handi
caps resulted in a victory for Walter
Jennings' slashing colt Proper yester
day at Ingleside track. While the rain
held aloof, the track was sloppy and
the eon of Prestcnpans fairly reveled
In the going, leaving in his wake such
well known performers as Fossil. Oars
man. Falconbridge and Keratius.
Proper, carrying 112 pounds and rid
den by Jack Martin, opened equal fa
vorite with Fossil, but such a raft of
money was thrown into the ring on
him that the books were forced to cut,
until 7 to 6 was the market quotation.
AFFAIRS AT ; A DEADLOCK
University of California Calls
Off 1hc New Year's Day
*> Game, but Minnesota Objects
FOOTBALL MEN
IN A MUDDLE
• ,
Works Commissioner Manson Addreses Letter to Super
visor Booth Urging the Erection of Stadium at Har
rison and Seventh Streets and Also Submits Plans
ADVOCATES AMPHITHEATER
ON CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND
SPORTS OF THE TR A CK. THE GRIDIRON AN D TH E PRIZE RING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER ,17, , 1903.
Fossil, Oarsman, Falconbridge and Horatius Are Led Out
by the Jennings Entry— Three Public Choices Win at
Ingleside— Rockaway, at Prohibitive Odds, Gallops In
PROPER, WITH J. MARTIN UP.
FIRST FOR THE HANDICAP
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
9 -.-.,"¦-, : •
i 2 How often that is aaid by men who" have been cured of nervous de- •
t J bility by the Dr. McLauglin Electric Belt! They say it every day. Men •
} © who have been weak, gloomy, irresolute and who hart no confidence in them- . Q
I O selves at all. are now holding up their heads in pride, with the knowledge 0
© that perfect strength is restored: that they are as good as any man that q
a walks, and better than any man of their size. You know you are weak a
gt now. and wish you could say that you were as Rood as any man~of your «
m size. You can if you will use this grand invigorator. ' q
| Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt •
2 t>R. McLJIUGHLIN— Dear Sir: In regard to the belt I purchawi cf you. I will •
" nay It is the only cure I have ever found. -I hare gained 15- pounds «lnce I bearan your 9
& treatment; and feel like another man. I can work arrl have the mergy to do my work. O
40 ' Tours very truly, " y C. H. DREWRY. Korbel, Cal. n
| a They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or ham- n
I a let in the country which. has not cures by Dr. a^Laughlln's Electric Belt. 2[-
2 Now what does this mean to you. dear reader? If you are not what 2
[ 5J you ought to be. can you ask any better proof fo make you try it? Is there •
• 2 a rernedywhleh is as simple, as easy to use. as sure to cure, and as cheap •
I w as Dr. McLaushlln'a Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try It. ©
9 Injustice to yourself, and to those who look-to you" for their future hap- ft
© piness, try It now. Act. this minute. JSuch a matter ought not to 'be <Se- ft
ft- layed. . " "¦¦- • -, ¦ • • ¦ ¦ . a
0' It's as, gooor for women, as for men." Worn while you sleep.- it causes X
Z - no trouble. .You feel -the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no I
S sting, no burning, as. In: old style belts. . . • • •
5r ¦', • Call to-day, or send for my. beautiful book. . full of the things a man ®
5 likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. ' I send it scaled free Cat ®
• out this ad. ,, ... ¦. • r . ft
• f)r M C. McLauo-hlin 906 Market st •
ft L/I-.ViTl. W* i'*^L'<lUgIllIH, AboveElll., San Francl»». •
2 Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p.im.; Sundays, 10 to 1. * •
®©aO«^9«O«O©Ctt©O®©©9O»OOCOOC3©0C000C0000009SSpeaks to Bank Clerks.
. The annual reception and dance of
Ignatian Council of the Young Men's
Institute will be held in Native Sons'
Hall January 15. This council enjoys
an excellent reputation for high stand
ard in giving social functions and the
committee of arrangements, of which
F. A. McCarthy Is. chairman, proposes
to maintain s that reputation and , will
do all it can to make this the most suc
cessful of any of the many functions
previously given by Ignatian. '
Ignatlnn Annual Dance.
Pretty papetries in . beautiful boxes,
envelopes and paper tied with silk rib
bons. Useful for Christmas. Sanborn.
Vail & Co. •
The rain was unusually heavy yes
terday, in the section of California
north of the Tehachapi. In the north
ern portion of the Sacramento River
Valley the rainfall amounted to near
ly two inches. In San FranciscQ the
rainfall was 1.07 for the twenty-four
hours preceding 5 o'clock last night.
The weather to-day is likely to be
clear. Rain is needed in the southern
part of the State.
Rainfall is Heavy.
Roderick G. Guyett, chief clerk in the
local Union Pacific ticket office and one
of the best known railroad employes in
this city, surprised his many friends
and associates in the passenger traffic
world yesterday when he announced
his intention of soon, retiring from the
business in which ho has been prom
inently Identified for years. His resig
nation has alieady been handed to 8.
F. Booth, general agent of the com
pany, and will take effect on the first
of the new year.
Guyett has been connected with the
Union Pacific ticket office for fifteen
years, and received his appointment to
his present position from D. W. Hitch
cock, -who retired as 1 general agent
about six months ago. He has resigned
to enter the Insurance business. It was
stated by General Agent Booth yester
day that the vacancy will not be filled
until the beginning of the new year.
Chief Clerk of Ticket Office Leaves the
Company After Fifteen Years
of Service.
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews' Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery St., under Buss House,
and see large stock of diamonds, watches
& jewelry at lowest prices. Open evgs. •
GUYETT IS TO RETIRE
FROM UXIOX PACIFIC
Fischer's Theater is to lose two
more stars. Information was given
out last evening that Maude Amber and
Winfleld Blake are to sever their con
nection with the house as soon as their
contracts expire. Barney Bernard was
the first to leave Fischer's.* He went
to take a position in a Los Angeles
playhouse. Then Miss Amber sur
prised the management . by giving it
the usual two weeks' notice and in
turn the management informed her
her resignation would be accepted
when her contract expired.
The other day Blake received notice
that he would not be needed when his
contract was up and the tall singer
was surprised. He had no intention
of leaving the playhouse and it now
looks as If he was given his discharge.
An effort was made to get Miss Am
ber to go ,to Los Angeles, but as Ira
Puerl Wilkerson, the man whom she
is suing -for a divorce, is stage man
ager down there, she would not accept
the offer. Miss Amber will not leave
this city until Judge Murasky has de
cided her divorce suit. Blake has no
plans. He will. probably leave for the
East as soon as his engagement is con
cluded. WBSB^Mr' -V
Maude Amber and Wlnficld Blake to
Sever Connection With Playhouse .
When Contracts Expire.
FISCHER'S THEATER TO .
LOSE TWO MORE STARS
The case of Charles H. Whitney
against the State Board of. Dental
Examiners was argued before the Su
preme Court yesterday. The attor
neys for the petitioner maintained
that the dental law was unconstitu
tional because it gave the board dis
criminatory power. Under the act in
question graduates of certain institu
tions may be refused -,the opportunity
to be examined for a diploma In den
tistry. The, court ordered the case
submitted on briefs. A decision will
not be rendered for several months.
Dental Case Is Argued.
The estate of the late Margaret S.
Jones was appraised sesterday at
J235.100. It consists of $6914 80 cash,
personal property worth $168,267 and
realty in this city and Oakland worth
$59,918 20. George T. Reynolds'
estate was appraised at $88,046 78.
The appraisers' report shows that he
l«?ft $8488 7S cash, real estate worth
$47,000 and personal property of the
value of $26,560.
Estates Appraised-
Sues to Recover Taxes.
The California Shipping Company
yesterday filed a. suit to, recover
$3698 87 against the city. The amount
sued for wjas paid into the city treas
ury as taxes on seventeen vessels
owned by the company. It is alleged
*in the complaint that as the vessels
are not registered from this port the
collection of the taxes was illegal and
void.
Property Will Remain Intact Until
Youngest Child Is of Age — Will
of John McCord Filed. .
The will of the late John O'Xeil
Reis, the prominent Elk and former
Chief Deputy City Treasurer, was filed
for probate yesterday. It was made
last March and provides that his $300,
000 estate, . his separate property,
shall go to the widow. Bell Brook3
Reis, and his two children. Gustave
and John Reis, when the latter, who
is now 9 years of age. shall have
reached his majority. In .the mean
time the widow is to receive an in
come not to exceed $600 a month from
the estate for the support of herself
and 1 children and their education. Po
lice Commissioner J. R. Howell is
named as executor.
The will of Alexander McCord of the
Faflhion stables leaves h's JJ estate,
which is estimated to be worth con
siderably over $10,C00, to his widow,
Nellie McCord. It was filed for pro
bate yesterday by Attorney W. F. Saw-
ATHENS. Dec. 18.— Former Premier Theo
toklp, who has been entrusted with the task of
forming: ft new Cabinet, has asked a respite
of twepty.four houro.
Camera Club's Annual Rally.
The annual grand Christmas tree
rally of the California Camera Club
will take place on Tuesday evening,
December 22, at 8 o'clock at the club
rooms. There will be a programme
of vocal selections, recitations, hu
morous lantern slides, refreshments
and dancing and Christmas presents
for members and friends.
Professor H. Morse Stephens of the
University of California gave his sixth
lecture on "The History of the French
Revolution" in the art room of the
Mechanics' Pavilion last night. The
attendance numbered more than 1500
and the thrilling word painting of the
political career of Vergniaud, the
orator of the Girondins, was highly
appreciated.
Professor Stephens depicted the
hours and days of the foreign war.
which began with the repulse of the
French army, and told of the insubordi
nation and the utter disorganization
of the army and the end of Lafayette's
part in the revolution.
Descriptively he explained the inva
sion of the Tuilleries, June 20, 1792,
when the overthrow of the monarchy
was in preparation. The insurrection
of August 10, when the royal family
sought safety in the Assembly, was
one of the most vividly described in
cidents of the remarkable and "hys
terical" period.
Professor Stephens pictured also the
hours of the terrible massacres in the
prison, when priest and layman were
brutally butchered in the very sight
of those who could, had they so mind
ed, have rescued them from the bloody
hands of the murderers.
"Marat, the Friend of the People."
will be the subject of Professor Steph
ens' next lecture, which will take place
January 13.
Professor II. Morse Stephens Lectures
on Exciting Times in History
. of France.
GIVES GRAPHIC ACCOUNT
OF FRENCH REVOLUTION
An unidentified man, apparently
about 4 5 years of age. was run over
end killed at 2:15 p. m. yesterday by
a freight train of ths Southern Pa
«ifir Company on Harrison street,
near Seventeenth. He was walking
on the track in front of the engine and
failed to heed the whistle. His head
and both arms were cut off. On the
inside of his coat the name of P. Hy
land was written in ink and the date
November 27. 1901. A cloth had been
tied tightly around the right wrist,
it having been injured, and in the
dead man's pockets were found a
leather wrist supporter and a deviled
ham sandwich.
Killed by a Train.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. & F. Company for November 7.
1003, drawing: V. A. Hancock (with Hancock
Bros., printers. l'-i Third street, San Francisco.
Cal.), $375": James Byrne, Sixtieth Company,
Coast Artillery, Presidio, and S. V. Coney,
Twenty-eighth Company. Coast Artillery, Pre
sidio, San Francisco, Cal.. $TT50; Wilfred A. S.
Vlrmlllian (student of pharmacy. University
of California, Berkeley, Cal.). residing at 1C05
Turk street. San Francisco, Cal., $1000: Mrs.
H. Warren. San Pablo, Cal.. $1000. Collected
by the Crocker. Wool worth National Bank of
San Francisco. Cal., for George McNeil, 1115
G street, San Diero. Cal.. $500. •
Each ticket has the initials M. & F. on the
face and back of the ticket. The following
are the capital prizes as decided by the Hon
duras National Company December 12. llWrt:
No. (jr.fltO wins $75C,<>, sold in San Franclpco,
CH. : No. C07S1 wins $2000, eold In San Fran
cleco. Cal.: No. C8r>C8 win* $1000. *old In San
Francisco Cal.; No .17587 wins $f>00, sold In
San Francisco. Cal.; Nos. 05047, 0S343 each win
$2.'O. sold In San Francisco. Cal; Nos. 155SIH,
:11781, 3'.!59C, 34007, 75040 each win $100, pold
In San Francisco, Cal., and Virginia City,
Nev.
Owing to the fact that numerous 3Cheme»
er* placed beiore the public from time to time
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to buy only from respon
sible np«nts and to see that their* tickets read
as follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO. ES
TABLISHED JANUARY, 1887.
Special Notice to the Public.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1887,
The Orlginnl Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco.
WIDOW AND TWO CIULDREX
OF J. O. REIS GET ESTATE
i man, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
| Dr. J. B. Pascoe, surgeon of the
steamship Barracouta, is a at
the Occidental.
I John C x White, a member of a big
!• hardware concern of Marysville, is a
guest at the California.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific Company, who has
been in the north with President Har
' riman, returned yesterday.
| A. E. Welby, a well-known civil en
gineer, under whose supervision the
Haggin road in Peru was recently con
structed, is staying at the Occidental.
C. E. Maud, the mining man, and his
bride, formerly Mrs. La Montagne, who
were married in Reno last week, ar
rived in this city yesterday and are
staying at the Occidental.
W. Grosemeier, a director of the Rus
sian Bank of St. Petersburg, is regis
tered at the Palace. He is here complet
ing the arrangements for the opening
of the Russian-China Bank.
13. F. Brooke, an oil man of Weed,
is at the Palace.
Dr. B. F. Fiesham of AmadoivCity is
at th,e Palace.
F. A. Hihn, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the
W.' A.' McKlnteV.' V mining man of
Sonora, is at the Lick.
Dr. J., Wallace de Witt- and wife ot
Antioch arc at the Grand.
II. S. Deming, a banker of Santa
Cruz, is at the California.
Attorney Frank H. Short and wife
are registered at th<npalace.
James A. Meighan, a mining man of
Groveland, is at the Palace. .
E. Jj. Mcllroy. a prominent mill man
of Everett, is at the Grand.
William E. Smythe, a capitalist of
San Diego, is at the California.
W. B. Sink Jr., a well-known horse-
PERSONAL.
CHICAGO, Dec Its. — Frank T. BittlnjrT.
president of the Nicaragua I..t..! Company, was
e^ntrnrM to a year in jail an.l flnr«.1 J10CO on
th^ chars'* of tiplns? th» malls fo fWraiKl.
President Charles Spear ot the Board
of State Harbor Commissioners declares
that the* permits of all the wholesale
dealers in perishable products of San
Francisco will be revoked by the board
if dilatory tactics are .resorted to in
the courts to prevent a determination
of the scope of the powers conferred
under the Woodward law. ; Summary
action of this. sort, he thinks, might
tend to bring the entire Issues to a
head "at once.
In Mr. Spear's view of the case the
Immediate, result Of ' revoking all the
permits would be to prevent the whole
salers from\doing any business on the
State's wharves, either as buyers err
sellers. They would, "he, says, be com
pelled to., deal directly, with the pro
ducers when they, were buying, and also
be compelled to haul everything away
from the wharves to make sales. If
the dealers should show a desire to
have the cases now in court heard as
soon as possible the. Harbor Commis
sioners would wait for a court decision
before proceeding further.
"1 believe,*' said Mr. Spear yesterday,
"that the move that has been suggested
would tend to give an open-market for
produce in San Francisco. The pur
pose of the Woodward law is to pre
vent discrimination against sellers and
buyers; it is against conspiracy to re
strain trade. All there is to this con
tenticm is in the direction of an open
market. The law has no provision to
regulate prices.
"The Harbor Board is determined in
this matter. We wish to have a deci
sion from the court. We do not wish
to wait Ions for a hearing, not many
days; perhaps we will wait a. week. If
there are applications for additional re
straining trrders to hamper the Com
missioners we will proceed to revoke
the permits. We wish to have the legal
ity of* the Woodward law determined.
A decision In our favor would settle the
whole question of an open market."
Attorney Reinstein declares that his
clients, the wholesalers, desire to get
a speedy decision and that no attempt
will be made to delay the proceedings
in rourt. He says also that the pres
ent situation is very unsatisfactory to
the dealers, as the contention that the
Commissioners seek to sustain is that
they have power to follow the dealers
to their stores and deprive them of per
mits to sell for transactions that take
place • off the State's wharves. The
wholesalers believe that the construc
tion put on the law by the Harbor
Commissioners is wrong and they are
anxious to have the court decide, that
they may understand their exact sta
tus and leaf n what course to pursue.
The Board of Education yesterday
denied the request of the Board of
Public Works that it reconsider Its
former action ordering the dismissal of
James B. McSheehy as inspector of
school buildings. The Board cf Public
Works desires to retain McSheehy on
the ground that his services are neces
sary to supervise the repairs needed In
seventy-five school buildings. The
Board of Education, however, claims
that it has no available funds to carry
on the repairs and the necessity for
McSheehy's employment has ceased.
The request of the Excelsior Home
stead Progressive Association that its
petition for an additional portable
schoolhouse and for a night school be
granted was taken under advisement.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Jeanette Anderson and P. A. Garvln.
Auditor Baehr's letter, In which he
declines to sign the demand, ut Fred
Barthels for $77 for football suits
bousht for the Lowell High School
team, was placed on file.
Teachers' certificates were granted to
Gerhard Schoof and Grace V. Crltcher.
The salary demands for teachers and
Janitors were ordered paid 'tnd will be
ready on December 23.
A delegation from the Sunnyside Im
provement Club waited on thf board
after the meeting and submitted a
numerously signed petition for ad
ditional school facilities In th" district.
The petition recites that parents will
be obliged to keep their children home
unless provision is made for their bet
ter accommodation in srhool. Th n pe
tition was taken under advisement.
A commmittee appointed by the
Grand Jury, consisting of Harry K»»lly,
W. E. Davis and E.. J. Benedict, made
an inspection of the office of County i
A. B. Mahony yesterday for the
purpose of ascertaining whether Alonzo
Davidson performed any work in the
office for the money paid him by the
municipality. They found the book"
upon which Davidson was supposed to
have worked, but could find no con
clusive evidence that the entries in the
book were made by him. The book
will be shown to the Grand Jury Fri
day and in the meantime efforts will be
made to find the missing clerk and
summon him before the body to explain
his connection with Mahony's office.
"Davidson's book" yielded but little
information to the committeemen.
There was not a line, in [t to show by
whom the entries were made or at what
time. In this it differed from every
other book in the office. The books are
provided with a marginal space, in
which the clerk who Is copying into the
volume is supposed to put the date
upon which the judgment or decree or
order was entered. Not a date' appears
in the margin of the book Mahony
claims is Davidson's. Neither is there
anything to show that etny of the on- i
tries were made by Davidson.
The committee was accompanied on !
its tour of investigation by Expert B.
T. Mantel, whose duty it wiy be to se
cure for the jury, before next Friday,
specimens of Davidson's handwriting
for comparison with the writing in the |
book.
The visit of the committee worked
wonders in the County Clerk's office.
Mahony wa3' on hand bright and early
to show it about the place, and every
clerk was at his desk, working with
such diligence that if they kept it up
for a week the County Clerk's office
would not be a minute behind in the
work. Even Colonel Martin Brady
was on hand, and by actual count made
four entries in an index book while
the committee was in sight. When th«
committee disappeared so did the
colonel. He remarked as he left the
office that as he had had several bad
nights this week he could do no more
because he was suffering from rheuma
tism.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday began an inquiry regarding
the charge of $3000 for ten horses and
$2475 for nine horses furnished to the
Fire Department by J. J. Doyle. The
horses weighed 1500 pounds or over and
are designed for heavy engine work.
Fire Commissioner Parry stated that
Doyle was the only one who- had bid
on the horses.
Parry said that when the bids were
invited certain horse dealers declared
that they would charge $400 each for
the horses desired. Doyle said that a
draying firm had paid $600 for two
horses which the Fire Department
would not use.
Secretary McCarthy of the Fire Com
mission stated that eight horses had
been purchased during 1903 under an
eld contract from the Howard Estate
Company for $175 each, or $125 less
than Doyle's price. Eighteen horses
were bought In April, 1902. from the
Haggln estate for $165 each.
McCarthy said that it was formerly
the custom to send notifications to all
horse dealers when purchases were con
templated by the Fire Department, but
this had not been done when the horses
were bc-usht from Doyle.
The committee postponed the inquiry
until next Monday at 1:30 p. m. to hear
from the superintendent of horses as
to whether any efforts were made to
secure offers from other horse dealers.
The committee reported in favor of
the Mayor's recommendation that a
storekeeper-mechanic be appointed in
the Department of Elections. It was
stated that the Incumbent of the posi
tion has held it for four year3 and that
it would not be creating a new place,
but would legalize his appointment.
The committee decided to allow the
City Attorney to employ an expert on
land values in the case of the city ver
sus Victor Albonze for the condemna
tion of lards required for St. Mary's
Square. . The piece of land involved is
valued at $7230. The committee decided
to hold a conference with the City At
torney before any further suits for the
condemnation of lands shall be prose
cuted.
George Shadburne, president of St.
Mary's Square Association, said that
there were sufficient-funds to purchase
all the frontage on California and Pine
streets between St. Mary's Square and
Quincy place and the intermediate
property would be purchased by pri
vate subscription. Brandenstein took
exception to Shadburne designating the
pieces of land to be condemned. claim-
Ing that this is entirely In the province
of the committee. -
Rev. D. O. Crowley, who is head of
the Youths' Directory of this city, is
hard at work perfecting his agricul
tural school at Rutherford, Napa
County. The institution • owns 1021
acres there and buildings are in course
of construction for the use of the lads
who are to become farmers. By. next
March a building 102 feet long will be
in readiness for occupation. It will
contain a parlor, large hallway, four
class- rooms. • two dormitories. - boys'
lavatories-, four rooms for. the teachers
and a library. As there is immediate
need for this building, work will be
pressed. The other structures will be
of stone.
. Two reverend brothers were brought
from: Maryland to take charge of the
school and they are forming classes
and will soon begin the work of indus
trial education. -
: " It is Father Crowley's idea to fit the
boys who come to him for care and di-
Tection In order that they may go out
Irito the vverld and earn a livelihood.
During each year more than 600. boys
pass through the school. ., Homes are
found for a ureat many and the Jaal
ance are kept at the directory and
given a' practical' education.
The agricultural school is an exten
sion of the Youths' Directory and it is
purposed to follow a course which the
experience of many years has proved
the best. Father Crowleybelieves that
prevention is better than cure. The
institution is not a reformatory. It
simply takes in waifs and saves them
by care and discipline and makes good
citizens of them.
It is expected that 150 boys will com
pose the agricultural school. These
lads will not be forced to take up the
study of practical farming. Only
those who have a liking for outdoor life
and who desire to learn the methods of
the farmer will be taken to Rutherford.
The lads will be divided Into two
classes. Wnile one class Is studying
the theory of farming the other class
will be out in the fields or in the dairy
doing practical work. The lads will be
taught how to prepare the land and
study the analysis of the soil; planting,
grafting and pruning of three; dairying
and other things. The youngsters will
enter the school at 14 and are expected
to graduate in three years.
Father Crowley has often noted the
need of skilled labor on the farm and
he is of the opinion that In a few years
In? young men who graduate from the
school will be capable of taking charge
of farms and helping to develop the.
land of this State.
The school will be f stablished for
poor boys, but there is no objection to
taking hoys who can. afford to pay for
board and tuition, provided they be of
good character and willing to conform
to the rules and regulations of the in
stitution.
The board adopted, the map of the
district to be benefited by the proposed
change of grade on Waller street, be
tween Broderick street and Buena
Vista avenue.
Supervisor Curtis called the attention
of the board to the almost impassable
condition of Twenty-fifth street, be
tween Folsom street and Treat avenue.
The board decided that the property
owners must petition to have the work
done.
Several extensions of time were grant
ed to contractors for certain street
work.
The board decided to recommend to
the Supervisors that the sidewalks on
Clement street, between Tepth and Fif
teenth avenues, be reduced from nine
teen to fifteen feet. No action was taken
on the request of H. Jaudln, president
of the Point Lobos Avenue Improve
ment Club, that the reduction be car
ried out to Thirty-third avenue, as no
formal petition for the same has been
filed.
The representative of the surety com
panies who are on the official bonds of
Commissioners Manson, Casey and
Schmitz notified them yesterday that if
the Supreme Court sustains the verdict
of the jury awarding Mrs. Dora Heath
$5000 damages for being injured
through a defective sidewalk the com
panies will withdraw from the bonds
of the Commissioners.
The surety companies say that they
will decline to be responsible in such
an event, as the Commissioners would
be constantly called on to pay dam
ages for accidents. Collusion on the
part of evil disposed persons is also
feared.
The Commissioners believe it will be
impossible to furnish bonds to the city
if the verdict stands, as private indi-.
viduals will be averse to giving bonds
for officials whose responsibility for ac
cidents from bad sidewalks is so great.
The board will appeal the case to the*
Supreme Court and hopes for a reversal
of the decision.
Albert Johnson appeared before the
board and asked that action be post
poned on the petition of Archbishop
Riordon, president of St. Mary's Help
Hospital, a corporation, that he be
granted a permit for a spur track -on
Filbert street. Johnson, who is the at
torney for the* protestants, said he
needed one week in which to prepare
legal papers to enjoin the board from
granting the permit. Rev. Father Mul
ligan, secretary to the Archbishop,
stated that he would not consent to the
postponement, as it might prejudice his
case* and with that stipulation the
matter was laid over for one week.
The board ordered grades to be
changed at certain points on Potrero
and Central avenues.
The resignation of J. Newlands as
clerk in the bureau of engineering was
accepted.
The secretary was authorized to In
vite bids for the repaving of Dupnnt
street, between Pacific street and Broad
way, and also for the furnishing of 100,
000 basalt block3.
Th»» complete list of those grad
uated Ss as follows: Ruth Adams,
Ray IVnJamin, Mary Brandon. Eliza
beth Bridge. Stella Bell. Helen Bruck
man. IS'.ena Brewer, Ruth Boerieke,
P<>r«'thy E^-ricke. Pearl Duffleld. Vir
gtlfla Fischer, Maud Gray. «lrace -lunn,
AHees GundrTfiTiger. Annie Jones.
Lillian Leak. Annette La:r/.et. May
Nordman, Olja Rehfisch. Ernestine
Rv.Jfo. L*-tTr.-> RuFsc-11, MilJmcl Tonn,
Lirda turn 5u6cn. Catherine L. "Wal
ter; Bessie V.'hittci. Howard Allen,
Herbert Bennett, Wallace Bradford,
F< ;rr<.«: DaJton, Louis Osrat. Julian
Meyer, Harold McLaughlin, Herman
Srhrorder. Sugujama Tokuji,' Deiger
Trowhridpe and Beverly WiMer.
There were thirty-six graduates. «if
whom twenty-four were girls. The
Denman medals, the coveteJ prizes of
th? scholastic career, wen? won by
Catherine L. Walker. Maud E. Gray
and Ruth E. Boerieke. The honorary
list included the names of Catherine L.
Walker. Maud E. Cray. Ruth E. Boe
ricke, Linda turn Suden. Laura Rus
sell, Dorothy Boerieke. Mildre.1 T-nn,
Lilian Leale, Helen Bruckman, May
N^rdrr.an ar.d Annie Jones.
The boys of the Pacific Heights
s h;» ! failed to capture any uf the
medal? at the graduating exercises
which took place yesterday. Miss A.
M. Stincen. the, principal, made an ad
drefs to the class of '03 and oxD'ninetf
that ihe girls had fairly won the hon
or?. Consequently they went entirely
to the girls' side of the h.vjse. The
exercises took place in the department
of Miss A. C. Robertson, the vice prin
cipal of the school. The space not oc
cupied by the pupils of the Kruduatiiig
class was* entirely taken up by visitor;?,
parents, relatives and friends <»f thS
bright boys and girls. American flags
were draped about the room. Other
wise there was little of adornment to
mark the occasion.
Mies Robertson conducted f.ie music,
which was the entire programme, with
the exception of the award of honors
and diplomas. Miss Stincen. grave out
the honors. The -singing of "the. class
of 1903 was a feature. The boys and
girls had been carefully drilled by Miss
Robertson and "they did credit to the
time and "careful attention that had
been bestowed upon them. They gang
the "Star- Spangled. Banner" and "The
Watch on the Rhine" with vim. Other
melodies were on the programme. Then
Mips Stincen, according to annual cus
tom, spoke. The substance of the
words of the principal was an exhorta
tion to all to work and keep on work
ing, and she was zealous in impressing
the necessity of continuing to study
hard upon those about to leave the
school.
Attorney for Produce Men As s
scrts That His Clients Also
Desire Prompt Determination
Residents of Sunnyside Pe
tition for Additional School
Facilities in the District
Action on Spur Track Privilege
Is Postponed to Give Its
Opponents Time to File Suit
Visit Causes a Display of
Energy That if Continued
Would Bring the Work Up
Excellent Scheme Devised by
Head of Youths' Directory
to jlakc Waifs Useful 3Ien
City Attorney to Have Land
Expert in Suits for Condem
nation of St. Marv's Square
EARLY DECISION WANTED
RESPONSIBILITY TOO GREAT
Principal Makes an Address
and Earnestly Inculcates
the Good Use of Diligence
ONLY ONE DEALER BIDS
(HILDKEN SING FINELY
PRACTICAL WORK PLANNED
CLERKS GET VERY BUSY
GRANTS ABSENCE LEAVES
Refuses Request of Commis
sioners of Works That Inspec
tor of Buildings Be Retained
County Clerk Shows Books to
the Committee of Three Ap
pointed by the Grand Jury
Hew D. 0. Clwley to Open
Agricultural School for De
serving Lads of the State
Finance Committee Investi
gates High Prices of Animals
Bought, by Fire Department
Jury's Verdict for Damages
Against Board of Works Dis
mays the Surety Companies
Commissioner Spear Sajs-Tlmt
Harbor Board Will Take Ac
tion if the Court Delays
BOARD STANDS
BY DISMISSAL
Pacific Heiirhts School Has
Interesting: Graduation and
.Many Diplomas Arc Awarded
ALL PERMITS
ARE IN PERIL
INQUIRES INTO
HORSE VALUES
BOYS TO LEARN
TO BE FARMERS
MAKES IT HARD
TO GET BONDS
MAHONY PILOTS
INVESTIGATORS
CLASS HONORS
WON BY GIRLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17,: 1903.
11
Indian end Mexican goods, burnt noveltle*.
beads, Cal. souvenirs. The Curio, 32 Eddy- "•_•
George K. Plummer filed a libel
yesterday in the United States District
Court against the schooner Una to
recover $269. alleged balance due on
a bill for provisions and other sup
plies. The libel was dismissed later
in the day. - u=^ -~ -zL— ¦ . ¦__. ¦ -. — .'¦
Schooner Una Iiibeled.
Professor Carl Eisenschlmmel, hand
writing expert, delivered a lecture on
chirogrraphy to. a large assemblage of
the Bank ; Clerks' Institute at Y. M.\ C.
A'. Hall last night. The speaker ex
hibited a; number of photographs of fa
mous forgeries and specimens of wills.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ _ ______ ¦— ~
i* CELEBRATED *V
rood eaten without appetite re-
mains undigested, causing Heart-
burn. FIztulcr.cy, Indi L cstion and
Dyspepsia.
' To cure these ailments the Bitters
is strongly recommended' by physi-
cians. Try it. also "get our 1904 A!-
:na:uc from your druggist. It is free.
30ITT rCECST T2A7
ED. EVATT
roa 22 yea.es •with t. j.vxhy
Is «*t 7€> Gee»i-y sit.
¦- Tl*it!i n Cne Ftork cf Diamonds. Watchfs
J-wf'.ry. Cut «U»« and Solid Si!vcrv>*r»'
No more 50 rer e«nt profit on ccods '
Com* and n-. rnt and save money.
EVATT a HINKLE
76 Geary Street
fl f\ IIBR M Cared to 6TA Y CUBED. Cvm,
Ii %~ I Lt HJi fa rrnend. II«*l«k rntored. At-
I J _% I PS tPfE fit <*<•»•»•»« return. K»lhe«.rtU»
fill S E I if i Sm t; T»)in:c.St, An anytils^,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— ¦
After Investigating all Known Methods we Believe There is Nothing to Equal
" CALTHOS "—It Cores at. Home.
To Prove It* FuS Five Days* Trial Treatment WSI Be Sent* Free to any
Needy Mm. Send for it Today. No C. O. D. or Prescription Scheme. v ,
This paper Is authorized to %xj that If any middle-aged or old man who docs not feel himself
as capable today as when ho was In his twenties, or any young man who Is not as perfect as he
knows ho ought to be, will write In confidence to tho Yon Mohl Co., of Cincinnati, they will be glad
_ to send each man who writes them a. fall 6 days' trial treat-
/ /^^\ S^z-L ment of •' Caltbos," the great remedy for weak and nervous
v r< men, discovered by that celebrated J"reneh scientist. Prof.
tfc* WtV\ fe**S?vV Jules Laborde. This is tho very remedy that has cured so
*e, \&*± i rn^mm many thousands of men of all agi-3, who through crror3 in
jJV >-* / Jj&gi 2JH youth, excesses In later lifo and still oihercaujes, had be-
/FP^. como weaklings of tho most embarrassing kind. It ln-
H^w NigSiiilira&^^iK. fflSSr 8tantlyrc3torcdtothcin thl3 power which they had lost and
Mi xacf£v3& i» j&r gave them back again tho vigor, confidence and ambition of
¦" JfeVi S* - k^ ' younger days, and all prtvttely in their own home. It is
tho only remedy of It3 kind sanctioned by the French »nd
Vwjwfc. /% A \ German crmic?,and the Von Mohl Co. has tho eolo dlstrlb-
/ \ There is nothln? whatsoever behind this offer to siMd
JSm3«*1' : <?2ftfc«*Q A you a 6 days' trial treatment free. It means that and noth-
xC*»l^^*i*. ;? ''<^Ki«^^7 ' n S niore. It ls E0 C. 0. D., prescription or deposit scheme,
/WSBisHiW^V^ ** tbls concern ls too large to resort to such nefarious
fS&Mff^^affiB&^i&^Au methods. And while othera nre spending hundreds of
JBJrnfn JlH JHMjir "^3fMK. thousands of dollars every year In advertising, the Voa
E§ti3l **Vi!s!si Mohl Co. puts its spaH money Into freo trial treatments,
£rva vW/raSsi :-$W which it sends out troadcast to all men who send their
jeG&S VSurJaHi J^HvV name and address, and in this way they not only prove the
mSw&o/ \'% : -Mw(8& value of Calth03, but they do mankind some good. You
Bfi&S&y M&XWffllm. : W'%\\ surely need this great discovery If you suffer from Lost
**B$r im'^^l 'I? Mil Manhood, Emissions, Prematurity, Spermatorrhoea, Varico-
' §l^f9 I #H celc > Enlargement of tho Prostate Gland, Lack of Vlrilo
XfiM&a ; ; % 'Mm\ Tower, Hydrocele, Impotsncy : If you are bashf nl, timid In
W/*2f ii 'i'ftm\ the company of ladles, If you lack confidence In your pow-
U3$m\M '4'm& ers, if you are rot socially as attractive ns you used to b«,
mw;7#M /SB 'f y° n are potting to be a "woman hater." Calthoa will
j^gnM '/ ttfiK?if-!'ME B ct y° ur blood to circulating to tho desired spot, your
>?*fs Vt f M f&tt&lm nerves to tingling with renewed ambition, your muscles en-
' <&&& *3»'wrJ&i larged with Increasing power; it will stop tho drains, ere-
J@%&JF //Iff ate healthy life f orr«. Invigorate the flabby parts and maie
jCfflHyamr w/iCr'\ 70a once again eee life as you saw it In your price, and as
\ ' every vigorous man sec3 lt throughout life. It will bo a
: 'Jm[l^ i^\ permanent cure and lt ls accomplished privately in your
J& ¦¦JHRkir Yoa m *y think you have tried your level best to bo
'^#P *Jmimn*J*¥'Jif cured, you may have spent money on this thing and that
*-<gpjife^ without good results, but until you send for the free trial
V^jy? ¦ ¦ jatMMHBP'SSr treatment of Caltbos and see for yourself what wonderful
W good it does you, you cannot say with a clear ccnscienco
\j|^ that you havo done your full duty to yourself. Calthoshas
permanently enred thousands who have tried ." everjthlnr
else " It will enre you if only yon will be thoughtful enough to send for It. Do so today sure and
thDV will eend you free, besides the 6 days' trial treatment, many interesting Illustrated books on the
subject, all in plain wrapper, and sealed against inspection. Do not hesitate to write, as they are
only too glad to do this for any suffering man and you should not rest content until you find out
by actuaftrlal if Calthos can cure yon. Write today in full confidence.
7UC \/nW Mfilil PH 7KQ 0 Largest Importers of Standard PinnlilMti Hhlft
THE YUN MUnl. IjU., I 00 D f Preparations la the United States. 1111011111311, UDIOi
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
WHAT AiND WHY.
Why should substitutes
for Scott's Emulsion be re-
fused ?
Because they do not begin
to offer the equivalent of food-
value contained in Scott's
Emulsion.
Why should special care
be taken to avoid so-called
wines, cordials and extracts
of cod liver oil ?
Because they contain a
large percentage of alcohol
and afford only temporary
stimulation.
Does not Scott's Emulsion
also stimulate the body ?
Yes, but it is stimulation
through nourishment.
What vital food principle
is involved in the action of
Scott's Emulsion?
Direct and perfect nourish-
ment without tax on the
stomach.
Well send too a temple free upon request.
SCOTT & EOWNE, 4O<3 P=irT Street. Nr» Yori.
ALWAYS ON TIME
For Christmas or any other occasion
linen handled here is delivered when
wanted and as wanted — In perfect condi-
tion as to cleanliness and finish — the
shirts fit about the neck, collars and
cuffs arc not rivals of saws and the
work in general is pleasing to the crit-
ical eye.
Can you ask more or expect less? No
saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orrzes 1004 market stsaiht.
?n«"sotttVm' -
aOEWEXSTRONG &CO,>^g^
PATENTS^ J
Weak Mdn and Women
SHOULD USE DA MI AN' A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to i«>xu.il organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prlca Llst3 Mallei
on Application.
ZRX3K ARS SAIT MEATS.
I AC RAVFC * fft Stifping Butchers. KM
JA>. OU1L3 tt LU. Clay. T*l. Mala 12M.
, ores.
LUBRICATING OILS: USONARD * ELLI3.
418 Front »t.. S. F. Phone jtfatn 17X3.
7XXNTCXVO.
L C HUGHES, _ 611 Samoa* «., I. #,GERMAN SCHOONER NEP
TUN, WHICH ARRIVED IN
PORT YESTERDAY.
Movements of Steamers.
. FROM ¦ SEATTLE. . .
Steamer. . For Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 18
Valencia Skagway Direct ........ Dec. J5
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 28
Kxcelsior. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJan. 1
NEWARK, N. J., Dec. 16.— The ap
plication of the Mercantile Trust Com
pany for» the appointment of an ad
ditional receiver for the United States
Shipbuilding Company was to-day de
nied by United States Judge Kirkpat
rick.
Rules Against Trust Company.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16. — The Sen
ate in executive session to-day con
firmed the following nominations: Sec
retary of Hawaii — L.. C v Atkinson of
Hawaii; Receiver of Public Moneys at
Burns, Or. — A. "W. Gowan; postmaster
of Yuba City, Cal.— H. E. Meyers.
Nominations Confirmed.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 16. — One hun
dred persons were rendered homeles3
to-day and driven out into the cold
with nothing but theic night garments
by a fire that destroyed the planing
mill and lumber yard of the Bennett
Lumber and Manufacturing Company
at Millvale, Pa., and partially destroy
ed a dozen houses adjoining.
Made Homeless by a Fire.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
100 Con C & Va.l lOf 500 Yellow Jacket 20
300 Gould & Cur. C5I
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha Con ... 04 100 Mexican 1 C3
300 Bullion 07 200 Potosi 18
100 Caledonia ... 70 300 Savage 40
2C0 Chollar 20|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Mont Ton..l 27H 100 Ton Midway.. 60
200 Mont Ton ..ISO 100 Ton N Star.. 32
600 Ton Bclmont. 79 SOO Ton N Star.. 33
2C0 Ton Midway.. 45 600 Ton N Star.. 34
100 Ton Midway. . 47 400 Ton N Star. . 33
2CO Ton Midway.. 49 •'•^•Y
Afternoon Session.
"00 Mont Ton 1 30! 200 Ton N Sur.. 33
100O South Eureka. U .100 Ton N Star.. 34
"00 Ton Belmont. 7!)i 100 Ton N Star... 33
100 Ton Midway.. 47t
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 16.— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha, or; O4'justlce OS 1O
Alta ..... W- WKentuck 03 04
Andes V. IS 19 Keyes Graes. — 1 ISO
Belcher .... 21 22 1.ady Wash . . — t«
Best & Belcn.2 00 2 15| Mexican 1 C5 1 10
i " Bullion ?. 7. 07- Oit 1 Occidental ... .3.9 40
Caledonia i . . 71 73 Ophlr 2 00 2 10
'Challenge Con IS 211 Overman .-..20 SI
fhollar 1» 20.PotO3l. IS. 1»
Confldem4 ..70 80 Savage 33 40
Con C < L Vk.l 10 1 15 Scorpion 02 f3
cSS Imperial. 02 C3:Seg Belcher.. JW 07
rnn NY.... J3 14 Sierra Nev .. B2 63
Crown Point. 15 17| Silver Hill .. 75 7S
Eureka Con.. — 60, St Louis 12 15
Exchequer .. 15 lfi.Syndlcate .... 04 CO
Gould & Cur. 35 , 36 Union Con . . 64 6.1
Hale & Norc. 43 4.VUtah .10 11
Ju ila ...• 03 05t Yellow Jacket 21 22
TONOPAK MINES.
Bid. Ask. | . Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 19 Ton Belmont. 77 73
Esperansa ... — OtlTon * Cal .. — 21
Gipsy Queen.. — 29, Ton of Nev.. 6 00 6 50
MacNamara . Of) 12. Ton N Star.. S3 RS
Mont Ton ...1 25 1 SO'.Ton Midway.. 48 62
Paymaster ... — 1.1 1 United Ton... 09 12
' Kescue 06 08J
NEW YORK, Dec. 16. — An import
ant decision regarding theatrical con
tracts has been handed down by Judge
Townsend in the United States Cir
cuit Court, who has made permanent
an injunction asked for on behalf of
the Castle Square Opera Company
again Frank Moultan, a comedian.
Under this decision Moultan Is re
strained from appearing on the stage
under any other management until
his contract expires eighteen months
hence. The comedian set up the plea
that the contract allowed his employer
to break it on two weeks' notice and
maintained the same privilege for
himself.
New York Judse Holds That an Actor
Must Not Violate Provisions
of Asreemcnt.
DECLARES CONTRACT
CANNOT BE BROKEN*
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. | Due.
Hero i Oyster Harbor |Dec. IT
Chehalls i San Pedro IDec. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Dec. 17
Rtval. : wtllapa Harbor |Dcc. 17
Kewburg 'Grays Harbor Dec. 17
Point Arena.. I MenUocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 17
Santa Rosa... I San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 17
Leolanaw.,.. Tacoma ....„ Dec. 17
Montara ; Tacoma Dec. 1 i
Czarina Coos Bay Dee. 17
Eurelot Humboldt Dec. IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Dec. IS
G. Ltndauer.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 18
North Fork... Humboldt .... J. Dec. IS
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. Dec. IS
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 18
Aztec Tacoma Dec. 1!)
Spokane Humboldt Dec. 1»
Chins Wo Hongkong via Manz'llo. Dec. 19
Tellus Oyster Harbor Dec. 1!)
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Dec «'O
lionlta Newport & Way Ports.. Dec. 20
N. Mam China & Japan Dec. I'O
Sierra Sydney <fc Way Ports.. Dec. 21
Oanfa........ China & Japan Dec. 21
Rainier....... Seattle & Whatcom Dec. 21
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Aetorra.... Dec. 21
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 21
Centralla. San Pedro ; | Dec. 21
Del Norte Crescent City Dec. 21
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 22
Acapulco Xew York via Panama. Dec. 2:t
Queen Puget Sound Ports . Dec. 2^
H. Monica.... Grays Harbor Dec. 24
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports|Dec. 24
Oregonlan.... New York IDec. 28
R. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla. |Dec. 2G
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 27
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma ....|Dec 27
Alliance. Portland fc AVay Ports. .|Dec. 27
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
*"¦¦ December 17. |
Coronado... Grays Harbor .. 4 pmiPier 10
Sequoia Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 20
Phoenix Mendoclno City 1 pm|Pier IS
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Abydos r . Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 1»
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier U
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
State Cal... San Diego &• Way. 1) am Pier 11
San Pedro.. Humboldt ....10 am Pier 2
Porno I J t Arena & Albion a pm Pier '£
Noyo.. .... . Humboldt . .... 12 ntlPier 2
December 18. |
Pomona.... Humboldt .i l:30piPler 0
Nevadsn... Hono. A. Kahulul.. 12 ml Pier 2.5
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Chlco Coqullle River.' 6 om Pier '1
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
December 19.
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7'
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Columhla... Astoria &• Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arona & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
- December 20.
Newburgr... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Ttosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier II
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
December 21. . j
North Fork. Humboldt • » pm Pier 20
Spokane HumboMt 1:30 p Pier 9
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B.-Pt. . Orford 12 m Pier 13
• December 22. '
Doric...... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 49
ITmatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Empire Coos Bay direct... 12 mlPicr 13
December 23. \-
G.Llndaucr. Grays Harbor . . 4 pm Pier 10
Bonita Newport & Way. . . 0 am Pier 11
December 24. - -/
J. Dollar. . . Seattle th. Tacoma. B pm Pier 20
O. W. Kldej Antoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Chlng Wo. . Hongkong ..*•••
• i , December 26.,. -
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
December 27. . I . I
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports-Ill amIP.ler 9
PASADENA, Dec. 16.— Work has
been going on for a month past upon
J. Dolge's Utopia, which is to be lo
cated about five miles to the south
of this city and two miles west of Al
hambra/ Dolge, who was the million
aire founder of Dolgeville, N. Y., fail
ed a number of years agb, and has
since lived In retirement In this neigh
borhood. A short time ago he inter
ested IT. E. Huntington in a scheme to
start a felt factory and a model town
on some of Huntlngton's acreage
through whi^h the interurban electric
lines to Los Angeles run. The large
brick warehouses of the San Gabriel
vinery were purchased, and are now
being torn down and remodeled. Dolge
and Huntington propose to build a
model town, and most of the Inhab
itants will be employes of the factory.
The city will be conducted along lines
similar to those of Dolgeville, N. Y.
Railroad Magnate Becomes Interested
In the Proposed Utopia to be Lo
cated South of Pasadena.
HUXTIXGTOX AVIIili ASSIST
IX BUIIiDIXG MODEIi TOWN
• NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— A romance
buried nearly half a century has been
disclosed by the filing for probate of
the will made* by Alpheus D. Dubois,
who had presided over a public school
of this city as principal for fifty-three
years. He retired three years ago and
died Sunday. The will astonished even
his most intimate friends, for it showed
that he had amassed a fortune valued
at one-quarter to half a million dollars.
The romantic interest in the will
arises from the fact" that a bequest is
made to Professor Dubois' daughter.
Not even the old schoolmaster's most
intimate friends, and hl3 confidants
were few, knew he had been married,
and the testator, in naming the daugh
ter, used only her given name because
he did not know to whom she had be«vn
married. Investigation shows that the
professor separated from his wife
nearly fifty years ago. She went away,
taking their little girl/ and neither the
husband nor his relatives ever heard
from them again. They are supposed
to be still alive and In this country, but
where no one knows. The professor's
relatives refuse to give any informa
tion regarding the affair long buried In
the past, but It is said the wife was a
member of a well-known family here.
Professor Dubois was the son of a
minister. His Hvealth Is supposed to
have been accumulated through shrewd
investment of his savings as a teacher.
For more than twerve years he lived in
a small room, preparing part of his own
meals and declared he spent only a dol
lar or so daily, while his income grew
until It reached the sum of $30,000 a
year.
Xo One Ever Knew of a
Marriage and Pedagogue's
Wife and Child Are Long Lost
MAKES DAUGHTER LEGATEE
Will Just Filed Shows That
a Teacher Supposed to Be
Poor Was Very Wealthy
DEATH OPENS
A LIFE SECRET
Sliinninir Intellijrencc.
AHTUVED.
Wednesday. December 16.
Etmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 1CS hours from Ta
coma.
fctmr National City, Hammar. 21 hours from
Kort Brass: bound to Monterey; put In to
discharge part cargo and land passengers.
Stmr LakTiie, Gunderfcon, 40 hours from Eu
reka; bound to Rcdondo; put In for passen
gers. . j
Stmr Barracouta, Trask. 20 days 20 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan GtJ days.
Htmr Coronado. Pidtrsen. 33 hours from Ean
Pedro.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Htmr Prentlss. Ahlstrom, 12 hours from
Bowen* T .a riding. ¦
.r.r tlii.u ICc.'ibington, Kc.tiiintl, 77 days from
The schooner Una, which waa cleared on
Tuesday for Champerlco via Cllpperton Isl
and, carried 1500 railroad tics, valued at
$1^0. consigned to the port of final destina
tion' and an assorted merchandise cargo con
signed to Cllpperton Island, valued at $381,
end including the following:
28 pkgs groceries and provisions, 35 cs canne-1
goods .'J0O lbs eugar, 000 lbs meals, 490 lba
rlc<\ 2S0 lbs lard, 1 cs drugs, 104 ft lumber,
4 bdls ehlngles, 2 cs coal oil, 7 pkga paints
and oil.
Matters of Interest to Marines and
Shipping: Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
At '.heir regular meeting, held yesterday
afternoon, th« Harbor Commissioners appoint
ed W. F. Esbacher a- collector, to succeed E.
Sullivan, term exr-ired. Darby Laydon was
awarded the contract for repairing piers 14 and
10. His bid was $1^95 50.
Harbor Commission Meets.
French Bark Aground.
The French bark Croiseet is reported aground
at Hamburg. She was at her moorings and
ready to start for Santa Rosolla. Attempts
to set the vessel afloat failed.
Boatswain Is Rewarded.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— It was
ascertained at the Navy Department
to-day that Secretary Moody, in addi
tion to a letter of commendation to
Boatswain Patrick Deery of Peoria,
who, at great peril, swam to the sab
marine boat Adder and attached r.
line to her. will order that a. medal
of honor be presented to him as an
evidence of the department's apprecia
tion r\t !ii«! hi>rn'cm
The Italian bark ifichele Blanchl, which ar
rived yesterday at Newcastle. Australia, 89
days from Table Bay. was quoted for reinsur
ance at 10 per cent. The remaining ovcrducs
are reinsured as follows: Paris, 70 per cent:
La Iiruycre, 45 per cent, and Ollvebank. .5
per cent.
Overdue Vessel Arrives. !
HONOLULU, Dec. 16. — The Ra
leigh. Cincinnati, Albany and Pompey
of the northern Asiatic squadron, un
der command of Rear Admiral Coop
er, arrived here to-day from Yokoha
ma, via Midway Island. Later in the
day Roar Admiral Robley D. Evans,
commander in chief of the Asiatic
fleet, arrived on the flagship Ken
tucky, which was accompanied by the
battleships Wisconsin and Oregon.
Warships Arrive at Honolulu.
The wreck of the steamer Discovery has been
found by Indians near Cross Sound. The
I'nlted States revenue cutter Bear has been dis
patched to make an investigation. The
schooner Zenith, according to a dispatch from
Nome dated December :'.. is -frozen In near
<iolovin Bay. Those on board are said to be
well supplied with provisions and in no dan
ger, but the vessel is reported to be In a bad
position.'
Indians Find Wreck.
Robbers broke Into the hold of the G?rman
steamship Serbia when she v.as at Valparaiso
and ttcle two cases of liquors. The third of
ficer returning to the ship late, discovered the
thieves and with tbe moral aid of his revolver
made orlsoners of «=ix of the pirates. They
were all armed but the sailorman's revolver
awed them into' submission and they made no
attempt to resist arrest. The Serbia arrived
Tuesday and yesterday was released from
ouarantlne. She went from Angel Island to the
sugar refinery to discharge 1000 tons of sugar
brought from Peru. While at Eten. Peru, one
of the Serbia's boats was capsized in the 8urT
and Frederick Walter, a seaman, was drowned.
Pirates Rob Serbia's Hold.
Sensational affidavits prepared by the
Amalgamated Copper Company inter
ests charge Heinze with already having
extracted $400,000 worth of ore and they
allege that if Heinze is not restrained
from further operations he will in a
prreat measure exhaust the ore bodies
of the Minnie Healy. The court issued
an order to show cause, returnable next
Saturday.
HELENA, Mont.. L»ec. 16.— The noted
Minnie Healy copper mine case is again
before the State Supreme Court in an
other phase, this time on an applica
tion for an injunction to prevent F.
Augustus Heinze working the prop
erty, pending a final adjudication as to
ownership of the mine.
Petitioners A«k That Augustus Heinze
Be Restrained From Workinz
the Famous Mine.
MINNIE HKALY CASE
IS IN* COURT AGAIN
The little trading schooner Xeotun, which
lert here last July for the Marshall Inlands,
returned yesterday lo be thoroughly overhauled.
She encountered a terrific gale coming up.
The Ftorm lasted from November 23 to Novem
ber 20 and the Neptun had several suits of sails
blown away. The of fleers of the Neptun re
port that the echooner John D. Tallant. which
was lost some time ago. is lying upside-down
on the bfaeh at Mille. The Neptun took a
cargo of the Tallants lumber from Mille to
Jaluit.
Xeptun In Heavy Weather.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Bar
racouta, Captain Trask, arrived yesterday from
Panama and way ports. She brought S3 pas
sengers, T26 tons of cargo and treasure valued
at $52, ICO. The Colombian eeneral. Demetrlo
Castro, was a pasyenccr on the Barracouta
from Panama to Pumaren:is. lie declined to
transfer h!s allegiance to the new republic and
was asked to cet out. Half a dozen soldiers
with bayonets tct escorted him to the lines and
dared him to return. The doughty general was
well satisfied, however, with the Uarracouta
and wouH have stayed on board. -even it tho
shore end of the gangplank had not been
bribtling with bayonets. James Kelleher, a
time expired enlisted man. who was a pun
captain on the Boston, came up on the Bar
racouta. Kelleher says that the Boston and
Concord are takins turn about at patrol duty
and incidentally seeking- the elusive Colombian
gunboat Bogota. The Wyoming, Kelleher says,
will probably be stationed at Panama for some
time as ruard ship. The Barracouta met th*
little tus Yzalco near Piedras Blanca. The
tiny vessel was being tossed like a rubber ball,
but was apparently getting along all right.
The Barracouta's passengers included John
K Pollard, Helena Pollard, Douglas Water
man, Elliot Gordan. E. S. Howe. J. H. Daw
son, A. F. Hazeltine. D. Underman. J. E Lacy.
J. Zerovl. wife and family and James J.
Kellehtr.
Barracouta From Panama.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1C. — Clara
Barton, president of the American Na
tional Red Cross, who visited Butler,
Pa., with members of her staff, re
turned to Washington to-day and in
confirmation of the appeals from But
ler made the following statement ad
dressed to the people of the United
States, in which she says:
"We found in Butler, a town of 18,
000 inhabitants, almost ns many hun
dreds of patients In all stages of
typhoid fever, a few cases convalescing
to an average of twelve -new cases per
day. The hospitals are nearly full,
but nio?t of the patients are being
treated at their homes. In Fome cases
as many as six or eight members of
the family are prostrated. The pa
tients are attended in most part by
trained nurses from such, large cities
as Philadelphia, Pittsburg, Cleveland
and Rochester — more than 200 in all.
The relief work is administered by a
competent committee elected at a
mass-meeting of citizens about two
weeks ago. Investigation shows that
at least $75,000 more than is now on
hand will be required for the relief
work before the epidemic is over.
"Donations should be sent toThomas
J. Shufflin, treasurer Butler relief com
mittee."
Clara Barton of National Red Cross
Rei>orts That Thousands Are
Stricken by Typhoid.
city or bctleu is
IX DESPERATE STRAITS
Hariirr.r.r. said there were no new ::n
pr0V£T3CUts ol conseQuenc" to !ic ma'>
m the L'r ion-Southern Pacifij lines
durin-T tha coming year, and tnat ih<>
buildii»L' o r the tunnel through ihe
Sierr-i I>e\ada Mountains hal boon
postponed. He expressed satisfaction
with h's Western trip and with the
Western li-ies and their extensive al
terations.
y.fter a vu:.:r to the shops in company
¦*\i'h Union Pacific officials Harriman
left for Kansas City.
OMAHA, Neb.. Dec. 1G.— E. H. Hani
man, president of the Southern Pacific
Company, ;?x>ent nv>st of the day in
O:uaha. much of the time being given to
a conference with representatives of
the union machinists and an inspection
of the new shops of the Union Pacific.
He also spent an hour with Commodore
Elbridge T. Gerry of the New York
Yacht Club, who came to this city early
in the day en route to Portland, Or.,
where his son has been ill for some
time.
Harriman had previously arranged
the meeting with the machinists and
received them in his private car. The
conference was en the subject of pieca
vork in the shops, over which, there
had been some contention. Doth sides
•xprf-Esed themselves ss satisfied with
the result of the meeting and rJso the
belief that matters would ultimately
adjust then selves satisfactorily to ail
int<*r<^ts.
Railroad Magnate Says the
Tunnel Through the Sierra
Will Not Be Bnilt Soon
The Solace is heavily loaded with
stores for Admiral Evans' fleet, com
posed of the Kentucky, Oregon, Wis
consin, Raleigh, New Orleans and Al
bany. Admiral livans 1 fleet has been
brought to Honolulu to have it within
striking distance of the Isthmus of Pan.
ama and the Navy Department pro
poses that it shall be well provisioned
with supplies.
The Solace is deeply laden with sup
plies of all kinds. Included in the ship
ment of the steam engineering depart
ment are 40 barrels and 16 cases of oil.
The ordnance department sends 150 tons
of cartridges and shells, which include
17S.000 rifle and 20,000 revolver cart
ridges; 2220, one-Inch; 1007, five-inch;
6004. six-inch cartridges; 191, eight
inch; 160. six-inch, and 32 thirteen-inch
shells; 102 five-inch shrapnel, and many
other deadly missives cor. ained in 2192
packages.
The Solace will take about 300 enlist
ed men for the Asiatic squadron and to
relieve time-expired men at Guam and
Cavite. The following officers are at
tached temporarily to the transport,
which will carry them to the stations
to which they have been assigned:
Lieutenant Commander W. P. White,
Ensign B. C. Allen, Passed Assistant Sur
geon G. T. Freeman, -Assistant Pay
masters C. A. Holmes, D. G. McRitchie
and P. J. Willett; Chaplain J. F. Me-
Grail; Boatswains D. Montague, H. J.
Duffy and W. H. Morin; Gunner A. C.
Steinbrenner and Warrant Machinist
M. A. Thormahlen.
The Solace will carry passengers as
follows: Paymaster E. W. Bonaffon,
Civil Engineer E. L. Parsons, Carpen
ter B. D. Fender, Pay Clerk D. H. Gar
rjson. Mrs. J. A. Merritt, Mrs. Maud
A. H. Dismukes and child and Mrs. B.
D. Pender and child.
The naval transport Solace came
down from Mare Island yesterday aft
ernoon and late to-day will sail for
Cavite by way of Honolulu and Guam.
The Solace has ammunition and stores
for the ships of the Asiatic squadron,
which arrived yesterday at Honolulu,
where the supplies will be transferred.
Commander F. Singer, who is captain
of tbe Solace, expects to reach Hono
lulu in time to celebrate Christmas at
the island port.
RECEIVES MEN" IX HIS CAR
President of Southern Pacific
Discusses Grievances "With
Hcpresenfatives of the Unions
HARRIMAN TALKS
TO MACHINISTS
NOTE. — The high and low, water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 1*5
minutes later than at 'Fort Point;' the height
Bay. ' Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ,'.;•-
United States Coast and .Geodetic ; Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance , to ¦ San Francisco
Sun, Moon. and Tide.
of tide is the same at both places.
" THURSDAY. DECEMBER 17. '
Sun rises • 7:19
Sun sets ••• • 4:53
Moon rises 5:50 a. m.
O |Time| JTlme) ITlrne! ITimel
» ] 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. * Ft.
! ? [l w|. [h w[ [l w[ [ii w|
; 17~ 3:401 2.7110:00 B.fll 4:521—0.6 11:50 4^7
18< 4:24 2.9 10:40 6.8 5:31—0.7 .
H W| 1 |L W H W L W
10 0:43 4.8 5:08 .3.1 11:47 5.7 6:07—0.7
20 1:25 4.9 5:40 3.111:54 5.5 0:42—0.5
21 2:05 4.9 6:37 3.2 12:35 6.2 7:16 — 0.2
22 2:4* 5.0 7:25 :t.? 1:20 5.0 7:51 0.1
23 |3:20| 5.0 8:181 3.2| 2:00f 4.5 8:26 0.4.
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In this left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of , occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the . last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The- heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from | the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Outfits for oil palntlngr, water-color
drawing and taking photographs are de
sirable for Christmas. Sanborn, Vail &
•Co.
Branch Hyftrographic ' Office. U. S. N., Mer
: chants' 'Exchange. San Francisco. Gai.,
December 10. 1903.^
The Time Ball on- the tower of the Ferrr
building -was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p.
m.. ' Greenwich time.. J.C.BURNETT.
' Lieutenant U.' S.~N.r In charge.
Time Ball.
Newcastle. 'Alls.
nark St Katherine, Baunders, 20 days from
niio.
U'.;tn S N Castle, Nilton, 16 days from
H.ui»Ui1u
Schr Newark. Relnertsen. 18 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Gcr schr Neptun, Stringer, 45 days from
Marshall Island.
CLEARED.
"Wednesday, December 16.
Stmr Stat<? of California. Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast, Stcarrshlp Co.
fc'tmr Argyll. Gilboy, Honolulu; Union Oil
Company.
Fr bark La Tour d'Auvergne, Franjuel,
Queenstown;- A B Costigan.
. SAILED.
Wednesday. December 16.
Ftmr Knmswlck, Johnson. Fort BracK.
fi'rar Del Xcrte, Green, Crescent City.
Stmr OoronacG, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
fitrar Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Lakme, Gunderson, San Pedro.
Fr bark Alice Marie. Cloatre. Philadelphia,
Fr bark Neullly, Carpentler, Sydney.
Schr Defiance. Saletzke, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bella. Jamleson. Coqullle River.
Schr Mary Dodge. Olsen; echr Ida McKay,
Lethola. Eureka.
Schr John A. Campbsll. Smith. Port Gamble.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
' OUTSIRE. BOUND IX. 12 MIDNIGHT.
Bark Andrew Welch, bark . Olympic, schr
Henry "Wilson and a bktn.
SPOKEN.
Dec 11, lat 51 N, Ion 12 W, Ger ship Ell
bek from Port Gamble, for Liverpool.
TELEGRAPHIC. . -
POINT I.OBOS. Dec 16, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind S, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MONTEREY— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr West
port, from Eureka.
UMPQU A— Arrived Dec 14— Schr Lily, hence
Dec 5.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed In Dec 16 — Schr
Admiral, from San Dlcio.
Arrived Dec lti — Schr Muriel, from San
Pedro, for Tacoma.
Arrived Dec 1C — Schr C S Holmes, from
Suva.
RKDONDC— Sailed Dec 1C— Schr Azalea, for
Eureka: itmr Chr halls, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived D*c 15— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Dec 12.
SEATTLE — Sailed Dec 1(3— Etmr Hawaiian,
for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 16 — Stmrs Iaqua,
Spokane, Alliance and Eureka, hence Dec 15;
6tmr Santa Monica, hence Dec 14.
Sailed Dec 10— Schr Eva, for Hilo.
Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Santa Monica, for Grays
Harbor. . <
FARALLON— Bound in Dec 1G— Schr Henry
Wilson, from Grays Harbor, for San Fran
cisco. •
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Dec 16— Schr G
W Watcon, from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 10 — Br bark Saragosea. for Port
Plrie.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Coos
Bay. for San Francisco.
Sailed Dec IB— Stmr Bonita, for Ean Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr George .TV.
Elder, hence. Dec 14.
Arrived Dec 18 — Schr Virginia, hence Dec 4;
schr Antelope, from San Franclaso.
TILLAMOOK — Arrived Dec 10 — Schr C T
Hill, hence Dec 12.
Sailed Dec 1(3 — Schr Oakland, for San Fran-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Dec 10— Ital
tlilp Crestngton. for Portland, Or; etmr Alca
traz. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 16— Schr Ad
miral, from San. Diego. r .
Sailed Dec 10— Schr Wm Olsen. for . San
Francisco.
Arrived Deo 10 — Schr Admiral, from San
Pedro.
TATOOSH— Parsed In Dec K^-Schr Meteor,
from Snn Pedro, for Tacoma.
HAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 16— U S stmr
Bear, from cruise.
POINT REYES— Passed In Dec 16 — Stmr
Lakme. from Eureka, for San Pedro.
ISIyAND PORTS. _~
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 16— Bktn Archer,
for San Francisco; stmr Sierra, for. San Fran
cisco. # »
Arrived — Dec 1C — Br stmr Mlowera, from
Sydney; U S stmr Raleigh: U S stmr Cin
cinnati: U S stmr Albany; U 8 stmr New Or
leans; U S stmr Pompcy. from China, via Mid
way Island. . -
Sailed Dec -16 — Br stmr Mlowera, for Van
couver.
Arrived Dec 16 — Etmr Ventura, hence Dec
10, for Sydney. • ¦ . •
LAHAINA— Sailed Dec 12— Schr John G.
North for Port Townscnd:
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec IS — Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon.
Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr Yucatan, for Colon. ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
KOBE— Arrived Nov 30— Ger stmr Elba,
from Mororan. .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived' Dec M—Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE— Arrived Dec 16— Ital . ship
Michclc Blanchl, from Table Bay. •
Arrived — Dec 10 — Bark Sea King, from Port
Pirle *
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec. 11 — Br ship Aus
tralian, for Newcastle, Aus. Dec 13 — Stmr
Acapulco, for San Francisco. Dec 15 — Stmr
Newport, for Panama.
HAMBURG — Arrived Deo 14— Ger stmr Den
dcrah, hence Aus G.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Dec 10 — Stmr
Korea, from San Francisco, via 'Honolulu and
Yokohama; 8tmr Tremont, from Manila, ¦ for
Tacoma; stmr Victoria, from Tacoma, 'via
Yokohama, etc. '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Dec 16— Stmr . Ba
varian, from St John, N B, and Halifax.-
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Swltzer-.
land, for Philadelphia. • '•
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Sax
onla, from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Dec 16 — Stmr
Kronprinz Wllhelm, from Bremen, for New
York, "via ' Cherbourg. ¦¦• . . •
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Pre
toria, - from : New . York. • for . Cherbourg and
Hamburg, and proceeded.' -. .
LONDON — Arrived • Dec ' 16 — Stmr, Lancas
trian, from Boston. -¦_ > - ¦¦.Tgiagjaijjggjjgggfggji'
¦ . . • /. .. - .„¦¦ . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, DECEMBER . 17, 1903.
Vessel Is Heavily Laden With Ammunition and Stores
for the Ships of Asiatic Squadron Which Arrived
Yesterday at Honolulu, Where Steamship Will Call
NAVAL TRANSPORT SOL ACE
SAILS TO-DAY FOR ORIENT
12
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 a. m., through In 3 <*ay«,
with diner and all trapptny.
Other Santa 7a Trains:
7:S0 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafietd.
SMX> *' ml Merced> Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE— 641 Market St.. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Alio 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCIStD ANu NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAK F&AZrCXSCO TO SAK BAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:.'1O, 9:IX>. ll:0O a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. «:."50 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :<X>. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:.'5O.
3:30, 5:00. G:20, 11:30 p. m.
SA2T XAFAEL TO SAK FBAXTCXSCO.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:C5. 7:o5. T:50, 9:20, 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. Sen. 27, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days.) t'.on. [ days. [ Days.
7:30a! S:C0al 3:10a! 8:40a
»:3Oa Ignaclo. 1O:4O a 10:20 a
3:30p .¦»::» p C:05 p 6:20p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 0:10 a S:40a
8:00a Novato, 10:40a 10:20a
8:30 p 0:30 a Tetaluma 6:05 p B:20p
5:10 p 3-3Op and 7:3o p
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:S0 a ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a ' 'Fulton.,. 1 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p! 3:30 PI I
Windsor. |
7:30a S:OOa Healdsburr, 10:40a 10:20a
• -^ Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Oeyserv-llle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30a| 8:00a! Hopland 110:40 a!l0:2O a
3:30 p| a:3Op| and Uklah. | 7:35 p! ti:2O p
7:30 a| S:00a| WHllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a 110:40 ajlO:20 a
3:30p| 3:30p Guernsvllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20p
7::>0a 8:00a Sonoma. |9:10a|8:40a
5:10 p 5:00 p Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:"}0a| 8:COa| |10:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs: «Jt Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
nervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Honklns. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vllle. Cummir.g-s. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
«en's. Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
' On Sunday round-triD tickets' to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket offices, C30 Market street, Chonlcle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tii Snulita tmj Arrive
San Frandsco N«Uf lUrkrt Sv SanPrancfaco
Week Sun-' Sun- Week
Days. . days .^ffifmrt&V days Days.
•10:C3 1*8:OOa K&SH^K »a:Oa r 10:401
*!:45r »:OOa fK8Sgl9E9» »:25r 2:5Jr
8:16f 1O:OOa y£$&*iz£&ZSr *:&Or r.:RO f
11:OOa 4:59p »;S9r
l:45p fl:&Or
-..__. -3:15r T:BOr....__
"Cmart Titi rttp in ' Kpam iad litirw ttmf
nC»T J 626 Makkrt ST.,(Nsrth Shore Railroad)
OTIC!? I and Savsauto Fs:rey. Foot Market St-
FRE33 TO CAi,L WANT AD.
VERTISERS.
A SALT AXD PEPPER
SHAKDt
FREE TO EVERT
"WANT" ADVERTISER
UV THE CimifeTMAS CALIi.
liidi and every want adver-
tiser in the Christmas Call will
l>c piTscntcd willi tills very at-
tractive novelty, which is of
Iisndsonie appearance, highly
nickel plated and made with a
»cry pretty celluloid band. It
will cextainly prove a useful
household utility.
This premium can only be ob-
tained by hrinsins a "want" ad.
for insertion in the Christmas
Call. It cannot be secured in
any oilier way.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
- Plata Line, Foot of Market Street ) *— '
Ij a t« — fmo« jioTgaglni C !*»¦ — A»«rr»~
7.00a V»c»Tllle. Winter*, fttimaey... 7-SSf
74JJ* Benlda. Sulsna, Klmlr» »od 8»ct*-
meal* • /•»»
7J0a V»nejo. N«p«. dlUtoca. StaU
Kost. Mmiaez, 8»a FUeoa 6.25*
7-30a Kile*. Llrermoro. Trmey, Lataro*.
Stockton •••• J~23*
800a Sh»«t« ExpreM - (Vk» Darte),
Wllltamt (for Bartlett epr!n*»).
Wllloiri. tKrut*. Ited Blult.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.5SF
•.00a DaT!*\Too«!;an<l,lxa!gnul*ndlns.
Maryivllle. Oro»tll8 7-54»
8-30* Fort Costa. Martinet. Aatloco.
Brroa. Tracy. Stockt«a. Sew-
i&An. Loa Baao*. Mendota,
Armoax Haaford. Via alt a.
ForterTilJe ••-••- *<XS»
8 30a JPort Coata. Marttnex. Tracy. Lata-
rop. Modeato. Merced, Frerao.
Oo*hea Joactlon. Hanford.
. Vltalia. Pakerafleld «.53»
840a ynes, San .lo»e, LlTerauore, Stock-
ton. (fMllton). lone, Sacratntnto,
Placerrllla. MaryiTllle, Colco,
Red BluC 4ZS»
¦ .30* Oakdale. Cnlnese, Jamestown, So-
nora. Tnolnmae and Angela 4.Z3P
8 CO a Atlantic Expreas— Ogden and But. 11. 25a
930a Blchmond, Marttnex and Way
Station* B-55*
10 00a Tfce OTerland Limited — Ogd^a.
Denver. Omana, Chlcajo. • 25*
1000a Tallejo- 122a»
10.00a Lo» Anirelcs raaaenger — Fort
Costv Maritnex, Byroa. Tracy,
Lntbrep. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Free«o. Ooaaen Jane-
tlon. Hanford, Lemoore, Vlaalla.
Bakerstteld. Loa Angeles - 7.2S*
1I.C0V Haywnrd. Nllee a»d Way StatloaJ. 32*r
nJOOr Sacramento Rlrer Steamera. tll.OSr
SJHr Benlda. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlgbts Landlagr.
MaryiTllle, OroTlllo and way
•tatloat 10 - lf*
S-SOj- Hayward.NIleaandWaySWtloa*.. 765>
tSOr Fort Costa. Martlacz. Byron.
Tracy, Latnrop. Modeato.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Onti ... 12 2Sp
I.30F Slartlner. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10.25a
4 COr Martlnez.San Ctmon. ValleJo.Napa,
Callitota, Santa Rosa. 9 25a
4 OOP NHea. Tract. Stockton. Lodl 4.2S*
/ 4 30r Hay ward. NMes. IrTlngton, San I *9 5>*
Jose, LUcrmore } V. 1.55a
SOOf Tbe Owl Llmtted— N*o«m»n. Lo*
Banos. Mvndoia. Fresno. Tulara,
Bakerifield. Los Angele* >.55a
6-OOr rort Co*ta. Tr»cy. Stocliton 12 2ji«
tS JOr Haywmni, Kile* aad San Jo.« 7. 25a
6.00r Hayward. Nile* and Sao Joae 9ii*
SXOr Eaatera Express— Opden. BenTer,
Oanaha. St. I.oals. Calcafco aad
East. Fort Costa, B<*a>cla>. Sul-
•na. Elmlr*. DaTts, Sacnkinenta,
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. Ken*. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucca 5 75»
•.•Or Talleio, daily, except Sunday.... I ¦. -j,
7 00f Vallejo. Sunday only I •¦"•"
7.00r Klehnoond. San Pablo. Fort Costa,
Martinez ami Way Stations 11.25a
8SSp Orecon * California Express— S»e-
¦ rameato, MarysTille, K'rtrlini.
PortUad. Puget Sonad aad Kast. 8-55*
J.IOr Barward, NUes and Baa Jos* (dua-
daronly) 11S5k
COAST LINE CUrww Uaag*).
(Foot of Morket Street.) _ m
t.i&A Kewark. CenterTllle. San Josa.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crm» and Way Station*. 5 53*
tt.iir Kewark. CeaterTllle. Ban Jose.
Kew Almnden.Los Qatoa.7eUon,
Bonlder Creek. Sanra Crux aad
Priacipal Way Statloaa tJO-53*
4.1tr ITewark. Saa Jose, LosOatos aad ) *8 5S «
¦way stations I 11055a
*T930r Hunters Trafn. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
ing; from 1am Catos Sunday only. t7 2S»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * RAN CISCO, Foot <*f Market St. (Sllj»*>
— tT:!5 9:00 :i <X) a.m. 100 300 6.15 P.».
rrem OAKLAND. Foot *f Broadway — t«:M »:«•
<8:Qj 1I):0Oa.m. 12 00 2 00 400 r.u.
COAST LINE (Broarf tiaase).
%W (Tnlrd ami Tnwnsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations S SQr
7 00a Ban Jose and Way Station* 6-36>>
SOOa New Almaden (Tnes.. Frld.. on!y>. 4-1Qj>
8 CO a CoastLln« Limited— Stopsonly Sau
Jose, Otlroy (connection for Bol-
lister), Pajaro. CastroTlIle. Sa-
linas. Saa ArJo. Paso Roblea,
BantaMarcarlt».SaD Luis Obtsn«,
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Conoco
Won at CastroYtlle to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grore t9O*»
t.COa Eaa Jose. Trea Plnos. Capitola,
&aataCrnx,PaclflcGroTe.SaI1naa,
Saa Lu!s Oblspo aad Principal
Way Stations 4-10»
1030a Eaa Jose and Way Stations. 1.20*
1130a Santa Clara. San Jase, Los Gatos
and Way Statiosa 7.30 -
1-30r San Jose and War Stations 3 3&A
hXHr PaddcGroTeKxpress— SantaClarsi
&an Josr. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara (or S.inta Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Polats)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Trea
Plnos. at CastmTllle for Sallaa*. 12.11V
3-30? Tres Plno« Way Passenger (10.45a
14 4»r bsn Jose. (Tla Saata Clara) Loa .
Gatos. and Principal Way St»-
tlona (except Sanday> t9-12*
!6-20r San Jose and Principal War Statlona tS.QjA
6-tG.r Banset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Jose, Gr.ror.Sallaas. Paso Robl»%
San Luis (ibispo. Santa Barbara,
Los Ang»!t«. Pemlntr. Kl Pase,
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajarn for Santa Crus
aad at CartroTilln for Pacific
Grore and Way Stations 7.13a
tS.IBr Sao M3teo.Beresford,Be|tnont,Saa
Carloa, Redwood. Fair Oak*.
MealoPark. Palo Alto t8.4*A
t.JCr San Jose aad Way Stations 6 3»a
11 .30' South Han Francisco, MUlbrae. r.ur-
Ua:3nie, Saa Mateo. Belmont
tan Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and ralo Alto 9 43r
«11.30r MayfleM, Moaataln View. Snnay-
rale. Lawreace. Saata Clara aad
Can Jone t94Sf
? for Mornlnx. P for Afternoos> "
' JSnaday only.
< Stops at all stattoas on Ssnday.
tanadar excepted. a Sitnrdaj only.
tVOuly trains stopplaa; at Valeaeta St. sonthhoe*4
irtb:10 a.m..7:00a.5«., 11:30 a.¥., 3:JSr.n. aad (:90r.Jfc
H TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc*
Tla Sausallto rerxy.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from Han Krancwco Dally— 7:00. 8:0O.
9:0O. 10:00, ll:0Oa. m.. 12:-0. 1:«5. 3:\o. 1:15.
5-15 tt-15. 7:0i). S:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
FKOM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— &::». «:=*». 7:4«> S::»5. 0:^., 11:05 a.
m... 12:20. 1:45. 2:33. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. «:«.
8 FROM'"MulL, rn 'VALLET TO SAN* FRAN-
S^^^^co;^.'^.^ V&
«:«. 0:00. 10^ R P 6u - H
8:CO a. m. dally— Cazadero antl way stationa.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way ju-
tlcna.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union I>pot. foot of Market «t. '
jS^gP^&yi MEHANDWQMElt.
dm Big Ofnr unnatural
£S^f to 1 »• » d.Tv^OJ diadiar^ss.inaammationa.
JMkSgr Oa*r*atee4 f| irritations or alciratloas
C*»J nott» •trlot»r«. o f m neons membraa»«.
W__ y Pi*»»ats C»«tmfiM. Painiets, and not attrto*
¦ ••VHEttAJISCTEMiCILCO. f»nt or poiionons.
«@B^ Cl*aH«iTl,fl.|j^j Sold by DranbU.
&S.A. 3nSr or *ent in plain wrapysr.
tfBmk. ' br axprsas. prapatd. tor
V^®S£4c •>¦«>. or3botti<?ii:.73.
KAILWAT TBAVEL. _^
jfirj Waa V/\oi Tr/iiiis »!l
SB IlliCC ittSl Ilalil3 %%
&F , B& DAILY TO \fj £?
\&m Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago £ North-Westem Rys. » ffl
H II Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment Mj8
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; £//¥
all meals in dining cars. _ Mm
Xtt> For sleepin" car reservations, tickets and information >tfir #3
|§L/@k. "apply To a^nts Southern Pacific Co., or to J@jJ&J
*«B2k!>fik. R. R. RITCHIE. Gcnenl A-fnt. /?j£r
CHiCAGO £ NORTH-WESTERM BY.^^?JfChestnuts are lower.
' FRUIT — Apricots. 7J?9e for Royals and 90
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4SS^ic:
sun-dried. 3^'<S-lc; Peaches. 4»i@0Hc; Pears,
fi«z»10c; Nectarines. 4@5i£c: Figs, white. 4@4«4o
in hcxee; black, -4»;c; Plums, pitted.. C@»c p«r
pound.
PRUNES— 1C03 crop. 2Ji@2%e for the four
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 190.1
crop: CO-lb boxes— Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
6'-ic per lb; 3-crown, 5%c: 4-crown, «%c: S*ed
lees Muscatels. 4Vic: do. floated. 4«*c: un
bleached Sultanas. 4Vic: Thompson's .Seedless.
S^c. London Layers— 2-erown. $1 25; 3-erown.
$1 35; 4-crown cluster?. $2: 5-crown Dehesas.
52 50; 6-crown Imperials, $.1; Malaga Loose, 1
crown. r>c per lb;-do 3-crown, 5^ic; Valencia
Cured, 4«4c; Pacinc. do, S^c: . Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins — IG-oz packages, fancy.
He. per lb: choice. 7 T^n; 12-oz packages, fancy.
C%c; choice. «*ic; In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice,
7%c
NUTS— Wa/nuts, No. 1 softshell. 13^©14c;
No 2. 11V.W12C: No. I hardshell. 12<313%c;
Vo 2 11011'.4c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
lOHc for I X L. lOJic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8»ic for Languedoc: Peanuts, is«»7c for East
ern; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50115;
Chestnuta. StfHOc per lb.
HONEY — Comb 10tf212*ic for white and SI5
CJOUc for amber; water white extracted. 5©
6V4c"; light amber extracted.- 4 ti«?5o; dark,
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Honey Is quoted very dull, with plenty on
hand, and prices for comb are especially weak.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
300 Andes IM SCO Savage 40
10ft Belcher 21 1 10O Union Con .. !B
200 CnoUar 20, 2C0 Utah It
There was a very fair business in bonds yes
terday, but stocks were quiet. Contra Costa,
AVater was lower at $40©3». Other changes
were very slight.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared dividends for the six months
ending December *l at the rate of 3.60 per
cent oer ennum on term deposits, and a per
cent Der annum on onlinary deposits. The
French Savings Bank will pay at the rate
of .'J 1 * per cent per annum on all deposits.
Slmcn Mack has been elected secretary of
the Oil Exchange to fill, the vacancy caused
by the death of H. I* Coffln. I. Kelner and
l t . V. Starr have been elected to the member
ship committee, to flll the vacancies caused by
the deaths of E. C. Ewell and H. L. Coffln.
C M. Kllbourn will fill the vacancy in the
executive committee caused by the death of.
K. C. Ewell. The Exchange will adourn on
the afternoon of December 24 until Monday,
the 2Sth, also on the afternoon of Decem
ber 31 until Monday, the 4th of January.
Twenty-eight Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 5c per share, amounting to $3000,
payable January 2.
The Central Canal and Irrigation Company of
Glenn and Colusa counties has levied an aa
seesment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
January 2(J. „
The Tabasco Agricultural Company, a local
corporation, operating In the State of Tabasco.
Mexico, has levied an assessment of $1 per
share, delinquent January 11.
The Federal Trust Company has been Incor
porated with an authorized capital of $5,000,000
In DOCOO rhares of the par value of $100 each,
of which $1.COO,COO In 10.000 chares will be
Issued for the present. R. D. Hume Is pres
ident: Geoige H. Collins first vice president;
Charles Nelson, second vice president; W. A.
Irwin. third vice president and manager: George
C Broolte treasurer, and Walter Powell. J. 8.
Argus A. Pnltcn Harrison. H. C. Chese
brough, J. M. Keith and Gavin McNab, dl
rC At the regular annual election of the San
Francisco Savings Union al> the old director*
and officers were unanimously r»-ele«ted. as
follows: Directors— E. B. Pond, president: W.
C B ' de Fremery. vice president: Robert Watt,
vice president: ' Henry F. Allen. George C.
Bonrdman Jacob Barth. William A. Magee.
Fred II. Beaver. C. O. G. Miller: cashier and
secretary. Lovell White: assistant cashier. It.
M Welch: accountant. J. A. Langstroth; at
toi-nty Henry C. Campbell.. ...•
! Consolidated Gas... 4,200 IS^Yi 1S-1-4 lSl'i
I General F.Ieclne... 40>) 1<;5 ICi'i I|i4
1 International Paper 1.70O 11 !O' a 10*i
1 Intern'tl Pa;>er pf d 01
International Pump 29
i Interntl Pump pf;l 70
National Biscuit... 200" 87 37 SO'i
: National L^ad 200 lGtf 15Vi 15%
I North Amrrican > 75%
• Pacific Mail 200 25 25 24
People's Gas l,!)00 JiS i»7'/i U7'a
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 2ti'-i 2<JVi 2U>i
Pressed S Cur pffi «IO
¦ l'uSlman P&lacc Car l.Hoit 217-li 217% 215
Republic Steel Hx> «Vj <!V- <l%
Republic Steel pfd.. !>00 39$$ 3S% M'i
Rubber Goods 1.0G0 IS 17Vj 179*
, Rubber Goods pf J . . :;o<> 72 72 ' 70
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.C0O M% 33% 33
XJ S Leather irfift 714 714 71^
U S Leather pfd.. KM) 71J14 7«</, 7t5
HI H Rubbrr J)l*
: U 8 Rubber ijfd 3<j»<]
I u: S Steel i,so<) 10'A 10% ioi 8
U S Steel ptd 45,'JOO 5:i'«j 52% 52"i
; Western Union 500 ST 1^ 67 87
Northern Securities fe'j'A
Total sales .".2."5,COO shores.
UNITED RAILROADS OF KAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— Bond transactions of
I'nited Railroads of San Francisco: $1000 at
*75 02%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref Cs :c-K..100!i Louis & N unl 4s.UK)'/i
Do coup 100 j Manhattan c g 4s.1O2
Do 3s rtg 107 ; .;ijjex < -* >nt 4s "' 7t *
Do coup 106% Do 1st inc H!4
Do new 4s reg.1.'!3V, Minn & St L 4». 07
1A> coup 133V5 Mo Kan & T 4s. 9S%
IXj old 4s rcg-..109 Do -ds 77
Do coup 1.10 JJ It K of M c 4s. 75 r >i
Do 5s reg 101 U N Y Cent K 3'»s. 00 H
Do coup 101 H N J Cent g 5s.. 130%
Atch gen 4b ....lOOVNor Pac 4s 102%
Do adjt 4s S7 Do os "< )! 5i
i Atlantic C L 4s. 0.1U Nor & W con 4s. 90^
j Balto & O 4s.... 100% O B L 4s & Par. 02»4
I Balto & O 3' a s. »."» Penn conv 3*4s.. 05'i
Cent of Ga 5s... 104 Heading Gen 4s.. «<;*i
Do let Inc ... fiS s L & I M c 5s. 111%
Ches & Ohio 4>48.102U St L & S F fg 4s. HIV^
Chi & Alton :iHf. 75 I St L S W lsts... 02Vfc
C B & Q n 4s.. 92 !«! Seaboard A L 4s. 73
I C M & S P g 4s. Ill Southern Pac 4s.*87%
Cht & N W c 7s.l31 Do 5s 113«4
I C R I & P R R 4s ro^i Tex & Pac lsts. 114%
Do col 5s 74'i"Tol St L & XV is. GHU,
I C C C & S L g 4s «^V4 Union Pac 4» ...102H
I <"hl Term 4s 7«l Do conv 4s .. 05%
• Ton Tobacco 4s.. 5fi% V 8 Steel 2d 5s. <m%
r-olo & So 4s S4>4 Wabash lsta lM9i
Denver & R G 4s. f)9>i Do Deb B 61
Erie prior lien 4s. iWUi Wheel & L E 4s. R7^i
Do 4s S0»i Wis Cent 4s ... 00
I Ft W & D C lsts. 103 Colo F & I 5»... 70
Hocking Val 4^m.l06
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
1 Adams Con 251 Little Chief OC
I Alice 14 Ontario « 00
I Breece 10 Onhlr ISO
! Brunswick Con .. 03 Phoenix 10
i Comstock Tunnel.. OS Potosi 10
Con Cal & Va...l CIS Savage 37
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nevada ... 4S
Iron Silver 1 ,«5 Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con 021 Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — (Westlngh Com.... 75
rail loans .0®S»4l Mining —
Time loans ... .5^(j',i Adventure 2
Bonds — lAllouej! 4
Atchlson 4s Ofl'i; Amalgamated . . . 4«
Mex Cent 4s ... CSH'Daly West 3t&
Railroads — j Blngham 20
Atchison (IS Calumet & Hecla.4:S5
Do prefd 92"i Centennial 15H
I Boston * Albany. 244 Copper Range .. 45%
I Boston & Haine.lGS Dominion Coal .. 74
i Boston 1 140 Franklin 7>4
! N Y N II & H.,105 Isle Royale ' 6'i
Fitchburg rrefd.,135 Mohawk 30
1'nlon Pacific ... 7K'i Old Dominion ... . R
Mexican Central.. 9li|Osceola f'f»
Miscellaneous — Parrot 22
I Amer Sugar l?4»iiQuincy 85
Do prefd 121 Santa Fe Copper. 1 4
I Amrr Tel & Tel. 120 Tumarack W
1 Domln I * S .. R Trinity 4^
Gen Electric 1C.4 1 '. Inited States ... 1«tt
Maw Electric 1K>4 t'tah 30
Do prefd 70 Victoria l'ti
United Fruit 100 Winona 7Vi
V S Steel 10'.; Wolverine 6CM1
Do prefd 52?; '
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols monev.KS n-lG;N Y Central 122^
A Do account. SS 15-K5i Norfolk & West.. 60
Anaconda 4 ! Do r>r»'<i 5)1
Af-hlson 70"« : Ontario & West.. 22-%
Do profd H~>% j Pennsylvania .... *IO%
Balto *• Ohio .. K2H itand Mines in
Canadian Pacinc. 12-JS* Reading 22*,
; Ches & Ohio .". .. :im Do 1st nrefd... 40
Chicago G W:... l<i\i Do 2d prefd.... HQV,
Chi Mil & St P. 147 I Southern Hy 22^
DeBeers 20% | Do prefd SOU,
Denver & R G 22J4 Southern Pacific. 50*;
Do prefd 74% Union Pacific «IH
Krle M Do prefd Dl 1 '.
Do 1st prefd... 7<>i; U S Steel 10T4
Do 2d prefd 52 Vi Do prefd E4S
i Illinois Central. . .134 •'Wnbash 21
! Ixiuls &¦ Nash ...110141 Do prefd 38
j Mo Kan & Tox.. l^^
Bur Silver— Firm. 25*«d per ounce.
Mcney — 3@3% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
! Fliort bills is 3*i per cent and for three months'
i bills 3% per cent^
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK Dec. If..— FLOUR— Receipts,
2!»,400 barrels; exports, 23.40O barrels. Fairly
active: closed steadier with wheat.
i WHEAT — Receipts. 23.400 bushels. Spot,
¦ firm No 2 red. R9 7 ».c elevator and 01c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 03c f. o. b.
1 afloat- No. 1 h.ird Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b.
! afloat. Options opened steadier on cables, but
i eapged off under liberal Southwest receipts
and selling by St. Louis. Later they rallied
I and wound up' the session rather strong, influ
enced by a scarcity of «horts, bullish news
from the Northwest and big flour clearances.
The close was firm, *sft?ic net higher. May,
S4%iSts> 1-IGc, closed Me; July. 80»iig.Sl%c,
closed Sl»ic; December, 89'/i<??SK>c. closed 0Oc.
HOPS — Firm. Pacllic Coast crop, 20@28c.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
(5%c; mild. firm. The market for coffee fu
tures closed ptsady. net 10@15 points lower.
Sales. ISLOOO bags, including: January, <;.(»."«¦
6.10c; March. . 6.25f»0.4(V; May, 0.55@«.75c;
July. (;.ko'<j<!.90c; September, 7@7.10c; Novem
ber. 7.Kk?T7.15c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, steady.
DRIEDFRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
a better demand and Is firmer, and prices are
quoted at 4(35c; prlmt\ 5 14 65 Vic; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Show a slightly Improved tone,
with holders looking for an increased demand
after the holidays. Quotations range from 3%c
to c.'ie for sizes ranging from 90 to 10O to '
40-SOf.
APRICOTS— Ruled firm, with a fair Jobbing
demand reported. Choice are quoted at 9V4@
9'jc; extra choice, 9?i<310i;c; fancy, ll®15c.
PEACHES — Are quiet, but steady, with
choice quoted at I'.'iQTAc; extra choice 7 2 i4J
flic; fancy, O^giOVic • '
New York' Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— Tin was a little
higher again in London, spot closing 10s higher
at £127 10s. while futures advanced 5s 5d
to £123 10s. Locally tin was firm with spot
at 127 75(^27 80.
Copper advanced 5s In the London market,
spot there closing at £57 6s and futures at
£58 17s 6d. Locally copper was quiet, but
steady. Lake Is quoted at $12 50@12 02%:
electrolytic. $12 25012 50; casting. $12 12'/^
12 37'/4. , '""
Lead advanced 1* 3d to £11 0s 3d In Lon
don but remained unchanged here at $4 37>4
for small lots and $4 25 for CO-ton lots.
Speltf-r advanced 2s fid to £21 7s Cd in Lon
don, was dull and nominal locally. Jobbing i
lots delivered out of local store are quoted
nominally unchanged at $5 25. while supnlles
for December delivery range around $4 75.
Iron wan unchanged at 48s Od in Glasgow,
but J'4d higher at 41s 7Hd In Mlddlesboro.
Locally Iron was quiet. No. 1 foundry. North- ¦
era. is quoted at $15(316: No. 2 foundry. Nortft- 1
em. $14f?15: No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No
1 do- soft. $13 50^14.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Doc. 16. — The cotton market
cloned steady, net 2ij5 points higher.
" Chicago Grain Market.
•CHICAGO. Dec. Ifl.— Comparatively firm
cables and ccnttnueil rainy weather news
from Argentina were the main fac
tors, in bringing out. a fair general
demand for May wheat early in the day.
May o:>enc-d a shade lower to a shade higher
at 8<)?i@8lc, advancing soon to flMi&'Sl'.ic:
¦ Northwestern receipts, however, were nearly
double those of the preceding year and 'South
western receipts also showed large gains.
These features of the domestic situation were -
responsible for a selling movement that car
ried May sdown to SOl&ft&Oftc. | The crowd
swmeii to lie bearishly inclined and thero was
littlfl support offered. The leading long sold
a bis line of. July openly and It was rumored
he was -selling May through brokers. Quite
a lot of lone wheat came out on this weak
spct, but when the selling .ceased a cooil de
mand from commission houses and pit traders
started a rally. Closing prices were at about
the top figures: May closed with a gain of
u.c at Sl%6Sli, a c.
"Although the advancing tendency in corn
received a check from the early decline in
wheat, it soon rallied from the depression and
ruled firm throughout the remainder • of the
day. - Small receipts and firm cables were
••<3old import* a«-e •xertinir «n important 1n
flu-n.-»» upon speculation. Thus rar about $17.
<*"".0<>i has arrived and engaged to come to
this eirte an<3 more is expected to follow. Com
ni«r<*:al con<litjcn> are UlseouraarinK to Imports,
tut favorable tc export*; Fame of our product*.
•¦U'h tp cotton, for Instance, being taken freely
si exceptionally hiph pri<:»>*. This should cre
ate a favorable trade balance and continue to
:n<».rov»» ovr credit abroad, which is alroady in
much better poritlon than a year ago. The lo
cal monetary outiook i* promising. There is
the rr.«.f ibiltty of n flurry between now and the
year arising frrm preparations for heaw divi
dend <?isbur«rment*. etc.. but afterward the
trnoency should b* toward easier money, unless
¦•ock rpeculstion k-comre too active Funds
withdrawn for crop purposes are already re
turning, and January should see risine averages
Jor the ."urrlue reserve. Our borroulrlRs
abrr-ad are much lers than a year ago. and thia
Improvement in ih» money situation should not
Salmon Exports in November.
*Jl'~ 'J 1 *** C J Salmoa Irom San Francisco
T 5 ,, Oxatag tfce month cf November were a«
Follows:
i«J5~l <*eses. TackMea. Values.
SSgHj VMS* $sri,eu
Australia . 7 i9<K ]|fic; ;{99OcJ
New Zea.and l.ios 4 ;,17
CblU «..'.«5 ... . nV'4
Eort Indie* 5M 17^1
S i
Hem 2<x> , £r»
Kcuador ICO ¦•<',-,
slc a S»ii
K7 3x3
lirittsh Columbia .. TO iii
Fiji Islands 50 "" * j'.o
<>lorai>:a 3* 0 «.
Panama 50 n JJ
Idsewhere ~) 29 » j t(
Tota'.«. rorei C n..!7«,7ST 1.7CC JSS3.110
Doncatlc —
Kcw York i>1.0«0 $324 2*0
Philadelphia ."..175 20 700
HSTraSJan I-laad*... 1,'j;j 70s 12.120
Grand totals ...2C2.34G , 2.40S S I 242.170
Two very iar*re fhipsrents were made to Enjf
"^•nd last mor,t}i. cr.e tr 8U.710 cob«s and an
other cf GJ.X&* <aRes. The cfclpn-.ents to the
r^.iten> ir.arkets went by steamer via Cape
Horn.
In November. 10C2, ilie total shipment* by
f*» Ma 3f>0.7CG cases and 5143 packarea.
valued at ?l.l«r..S.!C. and included 190.401 carea
t" T>rland. It: tfc* sam- month C7.5«2 canei
ar.d i::s2 Daekatei went to New York.
Weather Report.
<lC"lh jteridiar — racific Time )
SAN FRAJCOISCO. I>eo. 1C— .% p. m.
"H.e foMoA'Inc sra the rcnror.al ralnfaK* to
«!ati» as compared ".-iih thore of rame date la»t
*+-r*r>n and rainfall in !a«t tweaty-Toar hoins:
I^a»t ThU Laft
Btatlors— ~i Horn. Season. Peasoa
Kardm 1. 42 ifl.ir. 19 i«
R«xl matt 1.04 10.73 12. f2
FarrCTncr.to 0.72 4.42 Ti.V.Q
Francisco .. 1.14 RJT7 5.13 J
Fnnm T. <*.<w n.n
Inderetiaencp ... fl.CO O.42 fl.M
Fan Lal^ Obifpo. T. «.S0 4.W
:-o« Ans'lre fl.00 0.43 r:.7:t
Fp.d Dlrxa ¦ 0.00 0.40 a.Ca
THR COAPT RECORD. •
" 5 k g ' c i 5
I S» W -a <l ?
i f f M f
raraV.cn .~..r>.r)."» r.7 150 W Cica<!y 1.4^ j
Baker 20. 90 29 C4 FW Rain -lw 1
«-arioa .. 29.78 an 1« fiW Cloudy .Oft
K«re>ii ra.'.tS f>H 4* NW <'loudy 1.42
FrenM 2a.»ti «:; 3<> fiK Cloudy T.
aJiasttaff :;«.?« &4 4 W <ncai .M>
V'oJnt no-t-" .29.MI 6* f^ 1 V? Cloady 1.4S
'nd«-p,«ndetice*.2S.«S 4S ."X P Cioorfy .00
!>-.« An*;el#»..V».fin 72 4* T7 CNar .«»
Ml TsmaliaiiM.l'" 50 45 6W r:ou<5y I.Tl»
T'hijerlx .. . .?S.O< 72 •'!» <*lear .•>!»
pcrtJatnl . ..23.^0 B0 4<1 W Cloudy .<"S
Red HluiT 2».»l 152 4" PE C!ouflv 1 .fl2
TTowburK 2» •»« f>2 4^ F Ooudr .M
Pttf-rKTr.r-r.to ..'JS.flS B2 4^ FR Clou.iy .72
5a!t l*Se .. .09.10 M M W Cloudy .00
¦ The fruit market was quiet, as the Incle
ment weather checked trade, and prices had
but little quotable variance. Interest was cen
tered chiefly in the Orange auction and all
other descriptions were dull. * Ordinary and
medium grades of Apples were abundant and
very weak. Fancy stock was plentiful and In
clined to easiness, but dealers were not forcing
nalea and prices were maintained. AVInter
Nellis Pears were offering in small quantities
and met with quick sale. Persimmons anJ
Quinces were plentiful and easy. Receipts of
Grapes were very light, less than 20 crates
being received, and prices were largely nom
inal. There was very little inquiry for Ber
ries and the light receipts were more than
sufficient for the demand. ,
The flrst auction sale of Oranges for the
season was held and was well attended, but
the bidding was not brisk, as the fruit was
mostly green and unattractive and the ratny
weather had a discouraging effect on the mar
ket. Seven cars. Including two of fancy Red
lands stock, were sold, ns follows: Navel*.
$1 5(K?2 25 for fancy. $1®1 55 for choice and
75cS$l 30 for standards. Fancy Tangerines
in half boxes sold at $1*1 2.*. The open mar
ket was dull and all prices stood as previously
quoted. A steamer, which arrived from Mex
ico late In the dav. added 233 cases to the
stock of Mexican IJmr*.
STRAWBERRIES— $3«3 60 per chest for the
large varieties.
RASPBERRIFS— 50c per drawer.
CRANBERRIES— Cope Cod. $12013 per bbl.
APPLES — Fancy Spltzenbtrgs. $1 75S2 per
box; other varieties. $161 50 for fancy. 75990c
for choice and 25©r>0c for common; Christmas
AppleB. $1 ti(Vg2.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. from cold storage,
$1 50(32 oer box.
QUINCES — 40<3C0c per box. i
PERSIMMONS — 50c@$l per box.
¦ GRAPES— $1@1 25 per ctate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25®
2 50 per box: Seedlings. 75c@$1; Tangerines,
$1 50 for half boxes and • $1 for quarter
boxes; Jupantse Mandarins, $1 25 per box:
Lemons, 5.1(3:2 per box; Grape Fruit, $1 50#
2 50:. Mexican Limes, *4©4 50: Bananas, $1<82
per bunch for. Hawaiian and $2@3 for Central
American; Pineapples. $233 50 per. dozen.
Deciduous and* 1 Citrus Fruits.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38?i 43 (V'ort Costa.. — —
MarJn Co . . ttl — |s V W Co. 3S<4 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3T; 4% S F O * E. 66% 67
Mutual E L. 9 10 S F Gas L . :u t ;>%
Pac O Im.. 64 14% Stkn G A E. 5 —
Pac.L Co... 53% — V G A E.. — 40
Sac B G&R. — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & K. 66X4 — i
I INSURANCE. . . »'
! Firem's Fnd320 — [
BANK STOCK3.
Am Ntl Bk.125 130 L P & A... — 165
Anglo-Cal .. 85 91 Mer Truat ..230 —
Bank of Cal.447»; — Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp.l4H 132*% 9 F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — 22U3 gav A L So. M 101
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. 40O 500
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 20.', I Presidio S3 s i 45
Geary — 80 )
POWDER.
Giant — — f Vigorit 3 T i 4%
SUGAR.
liana P Co. — 80c KUauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C 44% 45 Makaweii c. 22% —
Honokaa S C 12% — Onomea 8 C. — 31
Hutch S P C 9% 10 Taauhau S C — 15
! MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.1.19 141 Oceanic d Co 5 »
t al F O A. 93 — Pac Aux FA 4% 5%
Cal Wine A. — 90*; Pae C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 140 CO
10 Cal Wine Asgn 00 00
5 Centra Costa Water 39 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 5 25
23 8 F Gaa A Electric Co 6tt 75
140 s F Gas * Electric Co 87 00
20 8 F Gaa & Electric Co. b 7 67 00
(1.IKJU S P of Arizona (1910) 10W 00
Street —
15 Contra Costa Water 40 no
$l,0uu S V tS per cent bonds l'J6 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 140 00
B Hutchlnson S P Co ft 25
$1.CO*> Los Angeles Ry 5 per ct bonds. 112 50
$1.COO Market-st Ry 1st con 5 per ct.113 0O
$1,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 100 00
$«,00<> PaclHc Electric Ry 5 per cent. 1^6 75
$4.(H>O S P of Arizona (ID09) 107 75
$7.©0<> S V fi per cent bonds 1011 «X>
$3. WJO Pacinc Electric Ry 5 per cent. 106 75
Street —
$1,000 Ij A P R R 1st con 3 per ct.101 00
$10,000 S P C 1st c 5 per ct (stmpd).107 OO
$24,000 S V B per cent bonda 10« 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Ask'd.
Alma 1 40
Apollo 42 43
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 2<>
Aztec ." 82%
California Standard 10
Caribou 1 12% ....
Central Point Con 65 ....
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont 24 ....
E3peranza 150 ....
Four 69
Fulton 4 M
Giant 20
Hanford 1« 00
Home ..'. 1 02%
Imperial - 13 00
Independence 15 1«
Junction 18
Kern •••- BOO
Kern River 10 00 ....
Lion 02
Monarch (of Arizona) 4«
Monte Cristo «5
Occidental of W Va IS
Oil City Petroleum 29 ....
Peerless 14 OO
Plttsburg 18 =0
Reed Crud« ••••
S F & .McKlttrlek S 00 ....
San Joaquin O & D 4 OO ..^
Senator * ¦• >;*
Sovereign _ - s • 3»
Sterling 2 «> ....
Superior 05 OT
Thlrty-thre* TOO 7 BO
Toltec >» 20
Twenty-eight 4 40 ....
West Shore 2 00
Miscellaneous— .
Abby Land &. Imp 1 •«»
Alameda Sugar •••• so CO
American Biscuit ••••
American District T«l ••••
California Cotton Mills 89 00 95 00
i California Jockey Club
California Shipping Company ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central Bank of Oakland ••••
Chutes Company •••• 7 73
Cypreia Lawn Im? Co H »O ....
Flscher'a Theater 2 0" ••••
Gas Consumers' Assn ii'il *""*
Honolulu Sugar 12 0O ....
Northern Cal Power ¦«•'
North Shore Railroad ••••
Orpheum Company . ••••
Pacific States Tel A Tel.... .... ....
Parafflne Paint *•> °° ••••
Pan Francisco Dry Dork --•• ••••
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 « ••••
Sausalito I-ind ft Ferry ••••
Sperry Flour Company •••«
Standard Electric ¦••• ¦•¦•
Tesla Cost Company 23 00 „© CO
Trnckee Electric ••••
ITnlon Sugar
United Gas A Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — .,
100 Monarch *£
100 Monarch **
200 Sterling .- ••¦ J «>
2 Hanford. s SO !« 00
1 Hanfcnl 14^00
Street—
200 55terlins * «>
100 Twenty-eUht Oil 4 4 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board— ***-* --
10CO Monte Cristo. »9O JO
SOrt Junction J»
1000 Junction. • 30 . I» -
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the 8an Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Mornln- Session.
40O Andes ... 1!»| 10O Challenge Con 1f»
.Ti "O Andes 1R 100 Savage «»
10» Caledonia . . . 74' 1C0 Silver Hill . . 7«
Afternoon Session.
"no Belcher 2ft 100 Mexican 1 Hi
100 Belcher 21 S00 Overman 2T»
1W) Con C A Va.1 10 ICO Ovtrman 21
400 Con C * Va.l 13 ."WO Potosi 1«
H:0«> Con N Y ... V! 2<H> Pa\aee 4O
SCO Gould ti Cur. 35- 400 Seg Belcher.. 00
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
OREGON.
Wheat ctls 12.700! Eran. sks 1.819
Barley' ctls 6. ISO Feed, ska 4,470
Potatoes, eks... 112J
FOR WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 16.
Flour, qr sks .. lS.OOq Tallow ctls ... 23«
Wheat ctls .... 11.3231 Pelts. No 1«>
Barley, ctls 37. 1MB Hides. So. .!»
Beans sks .... 1.302 Raisins, bxs ... 6«0
Potatoes, sks... 2.260) Leather, rolls .. 103
Onions, sks ... S7.VWIne.. gala .... So. 000
Brnn. sks M3| Sugar, ctls 5o0
Middlings, eks.. SCO; Lime bbls £«•>
Hay tons 3SO Brandy, gals ... !).»0
Straw tons 13 Paper, reams... 1.341
Wool ' bales . . . 1021
* Receipts of Produce.
'¦ There was no further decline in Butter, but
the market . continued weak, with supplies
heavy and the demand rIow. Buyers continue
to take cubes and Eastern in preference to
medium grade fresh, and the. latter is de
pressed and hard to sell In consequence.
The Cheese market has shown no change for
weeks. It Is very dull.
Tho downward tendency In Eggs Is becoming;
more pronounced and rapid. Some dealers
were offering buyers ranch at 40@41c yester-'
day. and then did not sell many. At the came
time most of the trade reported sales at 45c.
Stocks on the floors are steadily growing
larger, and now that tho weather Is soft and
moist the production Is expected to show a
marked increase from day to day. Everybody
wants to. sell and keep out from under.
Receipts were 32,000 lbs Butter. C90 cases
Eggs and 930O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 20%@27%c for extras
and 22^a©215<: for seconds: dairy. 187J24C; store
. Butter, 17%c; cold storage, 24@20c; Eastern.
23<G25c per lb.
CHEESE — 12@12V4c for the general market.
13c for select mild new and 1HJ11%c tor
lower grades: Young Americas. l.'SttHc: East
ern. 15%<3lfl%c; Western. 14©15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch 41tf?45c for choice and 37»^fl
40c for small and mixed colors; store. 35@37%c;
cold ftorage. 2&@32%c; Eastern. 26@30c for
cold etorage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1C— The etock market
took on the tone of the holiday dullness and
apathy to-day. Fully half the day's meager
transactions were in four stocks, namely.
Amalgamated Copper, United States Steel pre
ferred. Pennsylvania and Brooklyn Rapid Tran
elt. An cdvance in a few of the specialties
caused Borne eympathetic response In the gen
eral list, but the advances were largely lost
before half of the day. The almost total lack
of demand for stocks allowed a gravitating
tendency to assert Itself In spite of the very
llpht pressure to sell stocks. Brooklyn Tran
sit's rise seerr»d due to buying from the same
source? as for some time, but the approach of
the opening to traffic of the new bridge from
Now York across the Ea*t River was eiven as
a reason for the demand fnr th« stocks, on
account of a prospect of Increased traffic from
that cause. Sugar's advance was supposedly
due to the Imminence of the passage of the
("uban reciprocity bill through the Senate. The
market for Amalgamated Copper continued very j
acti\e and the price moved irregularly. Th«
activity of th«- raw cooper market in London I
wa* an influence on th« stock, but the deal-
Ings were attributed to an organized specu
lative movement. The depression upon the
market, which was in evidence, was not easily
explainable. The disturbed tendency of the
money market, which often becomes apparent
toward the close of the year, is entirely lack
ing at present. The perusal of the arguments
of counsel in the Northern Securities case, as
published to-<3ay. undoubtedly h»d its effect
upon the day's speculative sentiment, both as
influencing opinions as to the probable decision
in that msp nnd as suggesting possible collat
eral applications of the principles at Issue In
the case. There was much discussion also of
the condition in the steel trade, owing to the
large gatherings of representatives in that trade
here tc discuss the maintenance of prices.
There was no very confident feeling observable
that present prices could be held and the ex
istence of tome of the pools designed to h">ld up
rates was feared to be endangered, threiten-
Ing open competition and cutting of rates in
some of the branches of the steel trade. Thin
seemed to be the underlying caus* of thn dull
ness in the stock dealings, as much as any
thing else. The sharp recovery In the sterling
exchange market was sufficient to put an end
to goIJ Imports for the present.
The demand for remittance to cover interest
and dividend ob'.irntions to foreiEU security
holders, and the holiday remittances to friends
by foreigners resident here is also a conspic
uous factor In the seasonable firmness of for
ei»m exchange. .
nondF were rath»r dull and heavy. Total
isaleg (nar value). $1.5(50.000.
l"nlt»d States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sale-. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 8.20O «8% CS% 68%
Atchiscn pfd 200 92% »2% 92>4
Bait & Ohlc 2,600 79% 7» 70
Bait & Ohio pfd .. 350 HS 88 87%
Canadian Pacific .. 300 118% 118% 118
Centra! of N J IM
Ches & Ohio 350 S3V4 33 :S2~i
Chicago & Alton.. 800 35% 33 ">V»
Chic & Alton pfd • M
Ch'c & Gt Western. 1.300 1« 15H 15%
Chic & Gt W B pfd. .".(*> 2S«, 27Hi 27%
CTilc & N West 400 1C5 104U 165
Chic T ii Trans 8%
Ch!c T &. T pfd.. 100 17^ 17*i 17>i
C. C, C & Sf L "00 78 77»i 77%
Colo Southern 700 14% 14 14^
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 £3% 53% 65%
Cola South 2d pfd 2'-'"i
Del & Hudson 200 158U 158% 158
Del. Leek & W 240
Den & Rio Grande 21%
I> & R G »fd "2
Erie 10.950 30'« 2!»% 2U«;
Erie 1st pfd 1.250 C8»i «7"f, 'f,", a
Erie 2d pfd 800 61 50% 50%
Great North pfd '. l«0
Hockins Valley 73%
Hock Val pfd - S.1
Illinois Control .. S50 12!»?i 12!t«i 12!>%
Iowa Central 100 21 21 21
Iowa Cent pfd 2<*> 39 SO 3S
Kan City Southern '• .... 1SV1
K C South pfd 2<K> 35 35 :S4
Louis & Nash 106«4
Manhattan L 2.100 142 141% 141%
Met St Ry «*» 122% 121% 121 'i
Minn * Ht Louis.. 500 01% COi,4 00
Missouri Pacinc .. 4,700 93% V2% 03
Mis, Kan & Texas • .... 17%
M. K 4- T pfd BOO 39 », 89 3S«i
Nat It R or M pfd. ' 100 37 37 37
N Y Central B50 11!> 117% 11S«
Nor & Western ... 350 C8 57?i 57%
Nor & Weft pfd 83
Ont 4- Western .. -lo<» 21% 21% 21*;
Pennsylvania 30,900 117*, 117 11"!,
V. C. C & St L 60
Reading S.COO «% **li **M
Reariir.j; 1st pfd IR'M
Reading "<i p.'d £>'.»%
Hork Island Co ... 3.05D 25% 23% 25%
Rock Island Co pfd 61 ij
Ht L & S F 1st pfd CO
St L & S F 2<1 i.fd 100 44 1 !; 44% 44
Ft L Snuthwtst... 100 l3Vt 13% 13
St L K W pfd 31
1st Paul 15,»00 143% 142% 142%
Ft Paul !»M WO 1"» T * 1T1!» 171 •;
South Pacific .... BMJd 4S% 4S 4S
Southern Ry »O0 21? 8 21 21
Kouth By pfd WM) 78 77% 77%
Tpx & Padflc .... 200 2554 25«J 23 \\
To!. Kt L is. W H'M) 22 22 22
To!, f=t L & W pfd - 35
Inion Pacific .... 12.1<r>(» 7»% 7N?; 7S>i
I'nion Pacific ffd .. &3«» 88 87?i 87%
Waba.-h 10H 20% 20»i 20
| Wr-b&sh pfd SCH) «7«i S0»i r.tja;
Wheel & L Erie * l«"i
l Wis Cent 100 17% 17% 17%
Wj.«:cn*in Cen pfd- 2"0 SS% 38 'M
1 Express Comi>anl?B —
Adams 222
American J8J
United States lol
Wcll»-Farsro 202
Miscellaneous:—
Amalgam CoDpt-r... 54, 000 4fi% 47% 4S
Amrr Car & Found 1,000 l!»?i lft 1!)
Am Car & F pfd. :i0(> C7>4 «7 Wl%
Amtr Linsied Oil.. 100 0% fl% 0
Aairr Uu Oil pfd.. 100 30 30 2S
Air.tr Locomotive.. SOU 14»; 11% 14%
Aracr Loco pfd 200 76 7« 7C
Amer Smelt & Ref. 3,100 49«4 4S% 40%
Arnrr S & Ref pfi. 00%
Amer fiucar Rftf... 22,700 125% I2r.-j 124 5i
Ar.aconda Min Co.. 200 79 79 7S
Brklyn Rap Trstis. 40.SWI 51% 40»J .V)%
Colo Fuel & Iron... 700 27»» 20 • 27
Co! urn & Hock Coal 100 12% 12% 12 tf 1
New York Stock Market.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOTUS, Dec. 16.— Wool— Steady.
Medium grades combing and clothing 17®2tc*
light fine. 15<S17%c; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed. 20@31c.
Northern IV heat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dee. 16.— Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem. 70c; club, 74c.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Pec. 16.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
71W72C; bluestem; 77c: valley, 7Sc. .
The steamship Stanley Dollar cleared to-day
for Oriental ports with 112.5CO bushels of wheat.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 16.— Clearings, $590,233;
balances. $111,770.
TACOMA Dee. 16. — Clearing*, $405,302;
balances. $43,782.
PORTLAND Dec. 16.— Clearings, $714,505;
balances. $»3!»,702.
SPOKANE. Dec. 1C— Clearings, $375,216:
balances. $78,110.
. Poultry moved off well at unchanged prices,
as retailers were stocking up for the holiday
trade. The fourth car of Western for the cur
rent week was on sale and another car was
reported close at hand and due to-day. Dressed
Turkeys were rather easy. About 50 cases
came in. Live were steady with supplies lim
ited. ¦¦
. There were no changes in Game. Receipts,
while lighter than on the preceding day. were
etill In excess of the demand, and there was
quite a surplus unsold at the close.
JO LTUY— nr's'.M Turkeys. IS®22c per lb;
livo TurkeyH, 20S22e per Ib: Geese, Der pair.
$1 75®2; Goslings. $2ff2 25: Ducks. $5 GOeO 50
per dozen for old and $fi 50®7 50 for youn?;
Hens. $4 50<g5 50 for small and "tJ@7 f«<r fc»«T«:
young Roosters. $5SC; old Roosters. $1 BOtfS 80;
Fryers. $4ff4 50; Broilers. $4@4 50 for large
and $303 50 for small: Pigeons. f\ftl 25 per
dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks $2 50®3 per dosen:
Canvasback $2 r»0®3 50; Sprig. $2@2 50: Teal.
$1 25@1 50; Widgeon $1 25® 1 50; small Duck?.
$1; Grny Geese. $3: White Gee«e. Sl@
1 50. Brant. $1 26 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3: common Snipe. $1 75; Wild
Doves, $1 25: Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 50.
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO. Dec. 10.— CATTLE — Receipts,
24,000. Dull and weak. Good to prime steers,
$4 00fff6: poor to medium, $3@4.60: stoekera
and feeders. $1 75©3 00; cows. $1 25<fr3 JM>;
heifers, $1 75^3: canners. $1 25@2 35; bulls,
$1 75®4 25: calves, ?2@5 35.
HOOS — Receipts to-day, 60,000; to-morrow,
40,000; 15c lower: clcaed strong. Mixed and
butchers". $4 30«?4 55: good to choice h*avy,
$4 40<f?4 50; rough heavy, $4 2O4J4 35; light,
$4 1504 45; bulk of sales, $4 35?? 4 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2r>,000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, steadv- to l«c higher. Good to.' choice
wethers. ?3 B0(ff4: fair to choice mixed, ?2 50
(S3 40: Western «heep, $2 R5'g)4: native lambs,
il@i 25; Western lambs. $4 2505 75.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market. -
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5@5U,c; San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece Twine, 7%<i*
fcc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c, 6%c and "Vic for
the three grades; Brown Jute, 6%®7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. JS: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $U 50; Bea
ver Hill $5 W); Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7;
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 60: Cumberland. |13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14: Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 504»
i:> per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 20C0 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5o. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10<Sl 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut, 55®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c: natural winter Soerm Oil. 70c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c: natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter Strained Lard OH. 80c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 76c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. C3c: light Herring Oil. 45c ;
dark Herring Oil. 41c: Salmon OH. 38c; boiled
Fish Oil, 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled Pfcint
Oil. Me: raw Paint Oil. 33c. - -
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15>.ic: Pearl Oil In cases. 22c: Astral. 22c:
Star. 22c: Extra Btar. 2Uc: Elaine, 29c: Eocene,
25c: deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk, lie;
in case S . 23%c; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; in cases.
l»%c; 8«-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In
casen. 27 'Ac. .
TURPENTINE— SOc per gallon in cases ana
74c in drums and iron barrels. »,/<_
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%9
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%®7c, according to
« SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. In 10O-lb bag 9:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5. w:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fin*. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, course.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags enly). 5.20c: Confectioners
A. 5.40c: Macnolla A, Kc: Extra C. 4.!Wc
Golden C. 4.80c: -D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more,
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. SOc morej_ 50-lh
bags. lCc more for all kinds I a^ et^I?l.
barrels. 5.00c: boxes. 0.15c: II. & E. Crystal
DomlnoB, 8.40c oer lb. No orders taken for
less than seventv-flv» barrel* or Its equivalent.
PACIFIC CODFISH— A number or '"na P9 .«- n -
generally higher, have been mad*. Bundle,
per lb. 3%e; cases, regular, We: ,eases. "jra
Jnrge 4Uc: Eastern style. $5 75: boneless.
AKc' "Norway." 4^c : "Narrow Gauge. 5V;
"Silver Klntr." M4e; blocks. "Oriental. 5c;
blocks "SeahrUht." 5»-ic: tablet" 6c: mid
dles «U©7'ic: fancy boneless. 8«S«.c: plfUW
Cod bbis $7 50; pickled Cod. half bbl*. $4 25.
General Merchandise.
1 EASTERN MARKETS.
San Francl=oo.2».OS M 50 P\V Cloudy 1.14
S. L. Oblspo..;:o.«»a tiS 3tf S Cloudy T.
Han Diego ...29.US <lti 4S SU" Clear .00
Sfattle a».t>S 0^ 4X SE Pt Cldy .:>0
Spokane 2fl.S4 4« C*J S Cloudy .46
Tatoosh "-".». 7S 48 .. SW Pt Cldy ...
Walla. Walla. «>.s« &?} .Tj SB Cloudy .24
Wlnnemucca .29.M 44 ZS NE Cloudy .<H)
Yuma I'D. SO 70 40 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over the northern
portion of the coast and has fall) 11 rapidly over
Nevada.
Rain has fallen over Central and Northern
California. In the great valley rainfall varies
from 2 Inches in the northern end to light
showers in the southern end.
The follou-inur high winds are reported: Car
pon City. "f« miles per hour from the sou'.h-
I west; Sacramento, 2(3 miles from the south.
The temperature has fallen about 14 d»
grcts at Hoseburg.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 17:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Thursday, with occasional showers:
light southerly winds inland. changing to
northerly; light northwest winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
1 weather Thursday, posribly showers; fre^h
I southerly winds.
Nevada — l*n?ettled weather Thursday, with
snow m northern portion; colder; brisk to high
southwest winds.
San Francisco' and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day, with occasional showers; light southwest
wind. A. Q. McADIEs
District Forecaster.
Wheat — D* 0 - Mar-Jun«,
Opening 20 CO 20 75-
Closing 1 20 60 20 80
Flour —
Opening 28 05 27 R5
Closing 28 15 27 05
Foreign Futures.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening «4 6 SU,
Closing.. ¦' 64%, 6 3%
PARI3.
' Aside, however, from purely speculative con
dition*, it is rrorer t" consider the larger in-
which rule the rtock market in the
'.one run. Taking it for granted that prosperity
irscbed its zenith in li»02. and that neither
390:: ne-r 1"^4 will equal that marvelous year,
it is utter folly to rxp^ct that general business
¦rflj experience »ny rractlon corresponding to
rt.» downward jlungc en the Stock Erchang*,
which oarri'vi valves down S9 to !W* per cent.
Thai decline ».as «5ue to causes too woll known;
and. now that these have been discounted, it is
but reasonable for values to recover to a point
nifire vommeiiFurate with the very moderate re
action that ha<? eo far taken place in business.
In some fi.lds of enterprise that reaction may
<rr. farther, especially -where li.-gh costs of ma-
T»"ri»ls and labor have imposed prohibitive con
<Jit*<";n—; but, a.< th<*Fe rome bark to tbe normal,
drferrej r.ro>ev~ts »I!1 b<? resumed and pros
perlty trill follow upon a more normal basis
:han for the last frw years. Already the Iron
irxi' is t*ginnmg to fpei xhf stimulus ot lower
I-rif eg. This tetting back to normal, however.
:k «l«-ays an uncomfortable time for those who
antagonize it. and is likely to be the bottom
farter ir. futuro movements. The etock market
li'jn^e<! from .-in abnormally high to en abnor
mally low ievei. and It is now not only seeking
Ita own p-oper status, but also adjusting Itself
to husinfsi, corditions with which it has iong
l>eeji grossly out of tune.. Our agricultural
Oafses in all THrts of the country ere Kill en
y-Yjit unusual prosperity, end there will be no
«rk of employment for labor when wages and
materials e»*t upon a reasonable basis.
THE MONETARY OUTLOOK.
« OND1TIONS IMPROVING
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"History is seain rT^ating itself, and after
the eevere financial depression of the last
*>ven tnctuhs Or* year is closing with a re
corty that surjri^s those not familiar with
th<» elasticity of American temperament. Gloom
has suddenly disappeared, and in its place a
<-a!nner vision is gaining sway. exc#pt. where
speculative enthusiasm causes a too violent
•¦wing of the pendulum. Old time activity has
appeared ca the i-'tock Exchange, and iwnis
llkaly to nay, for k period at least. Sharp ad
vance* oc-.-urred, s-ome of them too sharp; yet
ihe whole trend of affairs for the last four
¦weeks prOifs that impellent changes for the
better have taken pisce in the financial world.
Wirong support has been given the upward
movement of !ate. th*re b*-ing a markel absea.-e
of th« liquidating paler which effectually killed
every rrccedins eftcrt for the rise. This clear
ly dcmonnr&tn that the great liquidation
movement of 1W03 is fit an end. and explains
th* assistance given by powerful Insiders, wlrnf
connde.nce is ot course restored by knowledge
that the weakest features have been elimicsted.
The riM- has unquestionably been greatly stlmu
late.1 by fright amrnc the shorts, who had be
come altop<Mh«*r to- numerous for safety; and
pro'esfionnlfc quickly ranged tfemselves en the
«:de of activity. Several important bull pools
appeared 10 have bepn formed, and to these
v.»re attribute! th» fluctuations in some of the
sT'ee'.altiefr; yrt all of these movements were
base! chiefly up^r changed conditlcns in the
*pe'-ulativ#> *it'j«tlon, chief of which was Mtls
iactory evidence that the severest liquidating
inr>\»Tn»*nt the Stock Exchange had ever wit
j-,»*n»d had run us court*. Whst wonder.
then, with the chief source of anxiety removed,
that t)«« ca-kei should show an unusual re
botirid.
Brighter Conditions Perceived by
Great Financial Interests.
WALL - STREET OUTLOOK
On the Produr.e Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. lCg>25c; Dai
ries HtffSlc Ktfgs steady, at mark, oases
Included^ 2«%@29p. Chpese, steady. 10<$10%c.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Catt!«:
CATTLB—^Stetrs. SigOc; C0W3 and Helferi,
"®Sc: thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — »@4%c per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wether*. 3*;®4c; Ewes. 3<4@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 4',4S5c p?r lb.
HOCS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lb< 5'-ic: over
ISO lbs, .5c: Sows, 20 per cent off: Boars. 50
per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotation*. •
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers ere as follows:
BEEF— 6%Q7%c for Steers and 638c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Larsr*. S<g»c: small. &<S>10c per lb.
MITTTQN— Wethers. 8-5S%c; Ew«s. 7%@8c
per lb.
LAMB— OtjeiOe „«.,. lb.
PORK — Pressed ifosR, 7<88V»e per lb.
IJVESTOCK MARKET.
All descriptions remain unchanged. Hogs
ar» coming In freely, considering the light de
mand.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
POTATOES — BurbanltB from the river. 60®
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbank.i. $10145 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. 85c@$l 05 per ctl: River
Reds, <50®C5c per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 00c@$l
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 75e@$l per ctl.
ONIONS— $1©1 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas 3@7c per Ib;
String Beans. 0®0c per Ib: Wax. 7(S9c: To
matoes. 50®75c per box for bay and $1 25W1 60
per box or crate for Log Armeies; Summer
Squash from Los Angelea, $1@1 25 per box;
Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack;
Cucumbers. per box; Garlic. C@7c per Ib;
Egg Plant.- O@Sc per Ib: Dried Peppers. B@3c
per Ib for Stockton and U<312%c for southern;
Dried Okra. 12%c per Ib: Green Peppers, C®Sc
per lb; Mushrooms, 15@25c per Ib; Marrowfat
and Hubbard Squash. $10@12 per ton for' round
lots and %@lc per lb for sacked.
Arrivals of Potatoes were lighter than for
some time, but the market was heavily Block
ed, particularly with river kinds, and trading
continued very quiet. There was no change
In prices, however, as dealers were firm in
their views and not Inclined to force Bales.
There were no fresh Sweats received, but old
stock was still abundant and met with a slug
gish demand at easier rate?. There was very
little doing in Onions and the moderate,sup
plies were ample for all requirements.
Trading in Vegetables was brisk And choice
lots met with prompt sale at good. prices. A
considerable portion of the ivcf-ijitsi of Peaa
from Ix>s Angeles were of poor quality, which
accounts for the wide range In prices. t»oo<l
stock wa* steady at 0@7c per pound, while off
lots were hard to dispose of. even at the min
imum rate. Receipts of Beans from the same
quarter included some poor stock, which was
otferlng below the quoted rates. Tomatoes,
Summer Squash and Egg Plant from the south
were in good request at high prices, while
Chile Peppers were weak under increased re
ceipts. . Offerings of Bay Tomatoes were chiefly
of poor quality and the lighter receipts proved
too much.-'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cash quotations were, as follow*:
Flour dull and prioftB off B@10c: NV> 3
spring wheat 7S4J79I-: No. 2 red. 7O^ig:S4*4c:
No 2 corn 42 'ic: No. 2 yellow. 44o: No 2
oats 3!Htfi35ftc; No. 3 white. 36C37UC; No.
2 rye 52c; good feeding barley. 35c: fair to
cho!c« malting. 43@&3e: No. 1 flax seed. 03c;
No 1 Northwestern »1; prjm» timothy '*eed.
J2 85: mess pork, per barrel. SU 25(^11 50;
lard per 100 pounds. SO 32%(S6 35: short. riba
»i<iesi doop«>> $C*Tii 25: short clear sides (boxed)..
SB 2.")(@.G r,7V>: whisky, basis of high wines.
Jl 27- clover, contract grade. $11.
Artlclrj— ¦ ReoflDts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 41 -0CO 1S.700
Wheat buFliels liiO.fUM 45.700
Corn bushels. l??^ ¦'"•• 10 °
Oat? bushels ..214.300 125.000
Rye' bushela • "M00 2.30O
Barley, bushels 8O.iOQ 13.800
U'all-streci Stocks steady and ivithout feature.
Continued inactivity in local Securities.
Silver and Sterling Exchange slightly higher.
Local grain markets about as before quoied.
Hay and Feed stuffs easy at the weaker prices.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Butter and Cheese depressed and Eggs going dozen.
Honey weak and very dull.
Provisions quiet and featureless in all positions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. Summer Vegetables active.
Poultry and Game selling fairly at previous prices.
New Orange auction opens until seven cars offered.
Quotations for Pacific Codfish showing some revision.
Brighter reports coining in front Wall street.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. \
Articles— Open. Hlcrh. Low. Close..
Dec new 7S»s 78*J 77% 7S»i
May' .,. 81 M% S0»4 81V,
July 70 76% 75% 70*8
Corn No. 2 —
December 41% «\4 41 s i 42 v;
Mav 43% 43^; 4314 43 «4
July 43% «% 43 43%
Oats No. 2 —
December SB 35U 35 38%
Mav 3CK, 37 37% 37
July 33% 34 33»!, 34
Mess Pork, per barrel—
.Tanuarv 11 25 It 23 1120 11 25
May.." 1155 1165 '1155 11 U2VS
Lard, rer 100 pounds —
January « 35 CIS C 37% 0 32%
May C, r,5 0 53 « 00 6 52%
Short Ribs, per U*> rounds —
Januarv 6 02% <i »>2% COO 0 02%
Mav .." « 20 0 22% » 17% 6 20
Hides) Wool, Talloiv and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull» and brands sell
about H^c under Quotations. Heavy »alt«<l
Stetrs, 8c: medium. Sc; light. 7%c: Cow Hide*.
7H.c for heavy and 7%c for light: Stags. 5e:
Salted Kip 9e: Salted \>a>. 10^: Salted Calf.
10%c; dry Hld?s. 13o;/ dry Kip. 13c; dry
Cair. ISc: Shepp»klnF, shearling*. _3®30r each;
short Wnol. 40(f?0Oc each; medium. 70©?>0c;
long Wool, $161 50; Hor*e Hides. salt.
$2 7R for large and $2C2 50 for medium. $1 25
HI 75 for small and BOe for Colts; Horsa
Hides, dry. $1 "5 for large and tl 5O for me
dium. Sl«l 25 for small and 50e for Coltn.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican 31c: dry saltfd
Mexican. 2Bc; dry Central American. 31c. Goat
fklns — l'rlme Angoras. 75c* large and gmooth,
COc: mwllnm, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%e per Ib:
No. 2. 4c: grease. 2?i®3e.
WOOI,— Fall clip— Pan Joaquin Lambs'. 0©
lie: Middlo County. IK51 2c: North-rn Fr«».
11iS12p: Northern rwfwtlv*. 10®llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclr.o. 12ffil4c: Nevada. 135 .lie: Ore
gon fine, lSSllBo; Oreson medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS— 10®23o per Ib for California.
OOTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8*je: thre«
half barrels. S^c; one tierce. 8%c: two tierces.
8%c; five tlerc'ea. S»ic per Ib.
13%c; Mess Beef, $11 50 ver bbl: extra. Mess,
$12fil2 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork. $17;
extra clear. $24- Mess". $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs' Fest, $3-25; Smoked
Beef. 15c rer Ib. , ;
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per Ib for
compound and l*c for pure: half-barrel?, pur*.
»Mc; 10-lb Una, 9^c; 5-lb tins. !>"ie: 3-lb tln«.
10c.
Trade continues quiet at unchanged quota
tions. . .
BEANS— Gayos, $2 3062 40; Pea. $3; But
ter*. $i 25:. small White $2 8.10.1 : large
; White. S2 40@2 «(»: Pink, $2 <J.*@2 75: Red.
*3 50; Lima, ¦ $.t<£?.-. 10; Red Kidneys. $4@4 25:
Blackcye. $2®2 15 per ctl; Horse Bsane. $1 50
: ®2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 05#2 S5; Flas. SI SOftl 80; Canary,
5iff5%o for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll@-14c: Rape,
lU«2c; Timothy «'.ff«%c; Hemp. .tii^3%c
per Ib: Millet. 3©3'atf; Broom Corn Seed. $20
I (S-23 per ton.
I DH I ED PEAS— Green. $1 80©2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
the State' are to the effect that In the North
ern districts plowing and seeding are progress
ing favorably, but more rain Is needed in the
San Joaquin and rout'.iern points before much
progress can be made."
HHAX— $10 60ft20 50 pfr ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 fiOJi'JS 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $10 50<ff'.!0 htl ves ton.
' FEKPSTUFFS— Rolled Earlev. $23g24 per
ton: Oil Cake M»al at the mill. $2"©2S 50;
Jobbing. *2tt«r«0: Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal. $2S GOfffSft 50; Cracked Corn., »29©no;
Mixed Feed, ?22fl22; Horse Beans. ?30©4O per
ton.
HAT— Wheat $13 .".0®lC: Wheat and Oat.
J13IJT15 50; Oat $12(B14: Wild Oat. ill 50©
13 50; Barley. $12(ftl3 50: Stock, nominal —
none here: Alfalfa $1 Oil' 12 50 per ton.
BTRAW— IC'ffOfks' per bale.
partly rcsoonsible for the firmness. May
closed at 4S%®l3%c.
A little demand Irom commission houses and
selling by «?alpcr3 were about the only,
features in trading in oats. May closed at
3G!iS?37e.
Provision? w<»re lower, as was esnected, in
view of th? lib«r»I receipts or hot's nnd a de
ellne of from 10c to 15c in prices at the yards.
Uuylnsf by shorts was in sufficient evidence
to hold prices steady at a email decline. May
pork closed 12 %c lower and lard and ribs each
off 7',i#10c.
Tha leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Twelrew
' "- There ' wib " nothing new yesterday,* either in
this or the "Western markets. Business con
tinues slack. . v
. CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per 1b for
heavy. 12c for . light medium. 14e for light.
14%c for extra light. 18c for sugar-cured and
20c for." extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured - Hams, 14c;. California Hams, -13 &9
Provisions.
Slock, and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. D«c. lft— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Uid.A*k.| Bid. Ask.
4n qr coup .AW.'* — Us qr cp newrai 2 i:u'i
4s qr reg .•.100 110 I3« qr coup. .108 —
MISCELLANEOVH BONDS.
Ala A W 5j>. — — [ Do 5s 10S"i —
Hav CPC 6s.l02*i103 Do con 6s — 104
Cal C O 5a. — 100 O W gtd 5«. — !>7
Cal C & E g '¦ Oceanic S 6s — 73
m & n C». — 1C2% Ora fable P.s.120 —
Cal-st 5s .. — — Pac Q Im 4s. 85 100
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry Ga.lJW^lO*
BJ L & P«is.l20 — P & C H e«/^- —
F A C II ««". — 117 P & O R G«.n»?U120
Oeary-st &s. 45 S)0 Powell-st fa.113'4 —
II CAS 5Vis.104»i — S E GAR «s. 09 101
H C A S 5». — 101 SF A SJV5». — 117%
Hon R T 6M04 1OB RllofC e».ll2% —
L A Elec n.i.101 VjlO5% S P of A 6s
L ARy 5S.112U — O008) ... .107^108
I. A L Co ««. — r* (1910) 1CS& —
Do gtd e«. — — IS r of. C (la
Do gtd fts. — 104 | <l«Hlft)Sr A. 10214 —
LAP lem 5s.10O%ir2 } (10C5)Sr B. — 104%
Mia-«t c cm.ns — ( nmwi> io4>4ior>
Do lem 5s.ll2»i <1fll2) .-...114% —
NRR of C6s. — 10S gPC 1 eg 5s. — 118
Do 6s 114% — Do «tmtxl.lC6?4 —
N P C R 5s. — ICO S P B P. Cs. — 132%
N C R 5*.. — 110 S V W «s..10« —
N C P C Ss. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. 00 100
X S R R Rs. 0«« 100 Do 4« 3dro. -- 99%
O O L H B».1O7 — Stkn O*E «s — 10O
O T Co 6»..117% — , U G & E 5s. — 109
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and Sterling: Exchange are slightly
higher.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.... — $4 SI
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84 U
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 WlVi
New York Exchange, sight — ' 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07^
Silver, per ounce — fi5%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 44
Wlicjt and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There wan nothing new from
abroad. Chicago was «c higher, but lower
Antwerp cables, heavy selling and a bearish'
local crowd tended to eet back the market.
There was no change here, both cash and
future grain being quiet.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4OJTI 42<i; Callfornfa
White Australian. $1 KO^l 62V, { Northern
Club. $1 4001 41U: Northern Bluestem. $1 50
@1 01%- Oregon Valley. $1 40. *\
, FUTURES. VV
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May. fl 33 SI XI $1 XI $1 S3
December ..184% 1 34Vi 134*4 1 31*4
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 33% $1 33^ $1 33% $1 S3%
BARLEY — The market continued quiet and
quotations remained about the fame.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 O7V4&1 12%; Shipping and Brewing-.
$1 15@1 20; Chevalier. $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. I<ow. Close.
May $1 02% $1 03 U $1 02% |1 03
December— $1 OflVfi bid. $1 10% asked.
2 p. m. Fesslon.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ........ $1 03 $1 03 >4 $1 03 $1 03 Vi
December . . 1 10 1 10V4 I 10 1 lfiv,
OATS — Are as before quoted, being in very
fair demand for feed and weed, with black*
leading for the latter account.
White. $1 22>S®1 25 for Callfornln und
•$1 2T%®1 35 for Northern; Black, (1 45@1 65
lied. $1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25® I 35 for
*eed; Gray. $1 32%.
CORN — The local mills are now in the mar
ket and are taking up the arrivals fairly at
the quotations. Otherwise ¦ there is nothing
new.
Western sacked. $1 25 for Yellow, $1 25 for
White and $1 20@l 22% for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 22%@1 30; small round do.
$1 4001 BO; White. $1 20@l 30 per ctl.
RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 20@2 CO per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S4 60®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 G0@4 (Jo;
Oregon and Washington ' $3 00@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 0004 40 for Bakers'. , ,
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Kye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
S7: Corn Meal &'. 25: extra cream do, $1; Oat
Croats $4 50: Hominy. fWi 25: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 S0©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $.) 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbis, $7 25@S «0; In sacks. $0 75<g8 10;
Pearl Barley $0: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas." $5 W> per 100 lbs.
. Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is no further change in Feedstuff*.
Hay continues' easy, owing to the rain and am
ple receipts.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"The total arrivals for the past week amount
to 3050 tons. 500 tons more' than for the pre
ceding week. ;. These are the heaviest ship- :
ments we have had for over two months past,
and with the threatening weather have natur
ally had the effect of. making - the market
rather «f nsitlve. Although prices are weak, yet
no change can be quoted, but should heavy
shipments continue they may have the effect
of lowering prices Bomewnat. \ •
"The holiday, season la now well upon us
and at this time of the year all business not
directly interested In the holiday trade be
comes yomewhat quiet. Although at present
trade In the hay business is fairly good, yet
n Is expected that in a week or so the de
mand will become somewhat slower until after
the first of the year. . The largo consumers <lo
not like to take in more hay until their storage
capacity its pretty well cleaned out. Neany
alt of them will be In the market shortly after
the first of the year and this- naturally will
make local trade rather brisk. Foreign trade
If? fairly active and gives promise • of better
things In the near future, so . on the', whole
we van aee no immediate, rearon why prices
vhould not • advance to the . present range or '
higher. If they should decline any before the
first of the year.
"Weather reports from different oointa of
¦ '. - *-'
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
DISPERSAL SALE
or
£-j. 54 Thoroughbred Race
*^™ Horsis, Brood Mares. Etc ***
i-rma the
MERRIWA STOCK FARM.
R. E. DeB. LOPEZ, Proprietor.
This is the closing out of the _rande«t lot of
Australian and American thoroughbreds ever
offered in this state. Tner« are sons ana
daughters of 5»t. Andrew. Maxio. St. Marco,
Limewater. Uncle Jess. Imp. Clieveden. Imp.
Merrlwa. Splendor. Ca*tor. First Water. Mag-
net, Sam Lucas, etc. There are some grand
yearling.", two ami three year olds tracing to
Musket. Yauendon and Goldsbrough.
Lisp (half sister to Articulate) will also be
sold.
A» this marks th« closing up of this fann
a- golden opportunity la afforded horsemen to
jtet tfee best representatives of Australasia.
ever ortered. Sale Ukes place
MONDAY EVENING. Dec. 21. 1903.
Commencing at 7::U) sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
240 THIKD ST.. Near Folsom.
Catalogues ready.
Horses at sales yard December 19.
WM. U. LAY.NG. Auctlonaer.
£s> AUCTION SALE OF £»
100 Head of Unbroken Horses
weighing from 100O to 1200. suitable for bakery.
milU wagon, express, delivery, etc. Consigned
by the well-known CLARK & COX'S XL
Ranch, Laker lew, Oregon. To be sold on
MONDAY Dec. 21, 1903,
At 11 a. m , at
SALESYARD, 1732 Market street, near Van
NVs* avenue.
Horses at yar.l Saturday. 19th.
FRED If. CHASE A CO.
(Successors to> Killlp A Co.).
Livestock Auctioneers.
"Quickly the Highest Amount."
That is what it means to dispose of your
goods where they tave been used. de«
ANDERSON,
The Auctioneer,
About it. Room 26, second fleer of Fhe'.an
Building. Telephone Main 1S52.THE SAN FK'ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903.
14
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, r.O4-5-fl Callaghan bldsr.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses#the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device over invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
"without pain. Kcr demonstration and proof
call st office. j
DR. LITDLVM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh j
— No charge for extracting when plates are |
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— Tho Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 1'it yrs; ctown. $3 50; fillings, tiOc;
•plates, $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTIH'R CHISHOLM. surgeon d»ntl«,
room 14. I'helan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up: fillings 25 c.
GOLD rUlinga, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; rto j
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
•„, EDIICATIONA1U
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the
first of the year to its new home. SOO-S1'5
Golden Gate ave., occupying* 18,000 square
feet, the entire top floor of the new and spe-
cially tilted building of the Pioneer. Automo-
bile Co.. delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
• Bfin Square. Every modern Idea looking to
the hf-alth. crmfort and best advancement of
our eiuilotiis will be Incorporated. All de-
partments! are to bo reorganized and refur-
nished throughout. When occupied It will be
the largest, iinest and most complete business
college west of Chicago.
Write at once for our 75-pago Illustrated
catalcgue. telling all about our special 25 per
cent removal discount rates.
Addrest. 300 Larkln st. for the present.
ALWAYS the bert — We are «nlarglng our
quarters to per cent; other schools are mov-
ing further out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation Is central, among the business houses,'
giving advantages In securing positions, also
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing; Grfgg shorthand (used In half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
free. BAN FUANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. IL'36 Market Et.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night s»»8long; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket &t.; special summer course In all depart-
ment*: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
, ship. $^0; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business ¦' College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
f graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated caulogtie.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's clnssrs are. now open for ths season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges:
rcf.. President .lordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phdan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Actlnz, the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
. tlve Sons' bldz.. 414 Mason st. ".
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
*t.. S. V.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St.. nr.
JHh. 1'rof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING-^CIvil. elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cynnlde: day. ev.: est. 1884. Van
der Nalller. School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
KENT Law School; always open day and j
night. 636 Parrott bulldln* (Emporium).
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary st.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION. Day aTifl
PA P.TIN GTON'S. 424 Pine st Night clasl.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OF j^£p S '^___
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
- Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton : tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-'
< nee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S*.
M£SI^fE S 9 1 CIIAXCES.
R. G. WILKE, Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years), i««j Kearny
St., rooms "J and 10.
A— HC00 COKFEE yaloon and restaurant on
the water frcat. close to Market Bt. ; dally
receipts about |C3; business ckaring %iW
per month; trial given; a splendid offer; In- I
vestlRate at once. See K. G. WiLKE, 20Vi
Kearny St.
A — .?.3:>00; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears Ubj than |3W
per month. Call K. G. WILKE, 20^ Kear-
ny j»1.
A— $1SOO; HALF interest In one of the best
corner saloons on water frvnt: lease; dis-
agreement ol partners cause of eale; will
Fell whole for $o4uO. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 \'i Kearny st.
A— 51250; CORNER nalocn en Fourth St., close
to S. P. freight «heds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good paying business. b>e
K. G. WILKE. 2a^» Kearny st.
A — ?S0O; DAIRY produce and • delicatessen
Hire; rent $22: business clears above 51<X>
per month; living rooms: value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2«>£ Kearny et.
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paving burins*,
but must be soerlflced on account of owner
being Kick In hospital. Particulars, K. G.
WILKE, 2CH Kearny et. j
A WHOLKSALE and retail butcher business j
in Monterey County, with f> acren of land. [
dwelling house, slaughter houre, shop fix- |
turey, boiler, . tank, etc.; 8 hordes, wagons I
nnd a w^ll establithcd trade; this is a lirst- j
clap* bu«ineF» proaositlon. Alt particulars, !
R. <!. WILKE, 264 Kearny *t. j
A,— <3S00; OOBKER saloon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bl.lj;. ; estabiUlxd years and a
first-class paying jjlacp; fullest investlgstlon
solicited; Ui!s is a very rare chance. Cal! 1
It. G. WILKE. gC«4 Kearny et. i
A — *3000; GENERAT< merchandt** store about |
CO mllep from thie city; a well-establlshe.1 j
and lirst-cja*s ravins business; yearly *sJes I
about ?15,Kk.>; ell carh trade: « \<-ry rare I
chance. Particulars. K. G. WILKE. 2«H
Kearny 6t.
A— $'J-Vh>; DELICATESSEN store with lunch-
room: rent $20: a grod paying business;
larirc stock; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $1.5 per month; plckness or.ly cause of
hale. K. G. WILKE, 20V. Keainy et.
STP.ANGERS. ATTENTION:
Are you looking for a safe and profitable bus-
iness opening In San Francisco? If so. we can
offer ycu any number re<u r.nj an inv?tfn«ni
from $100 to $5O.O0O; every business oppoi-
tunitj- that passes through our office must
stsnd the rlorest investigation, and we can
place you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, in fact, any bustnpss you may prefer;
kindly oall and investlcate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
. Suit 321, Emma Spreckele building.
A— Z PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of S100 and upward: no ••get-
rlrh-qui.-k" swindle, turf speculation cr gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San KraiulRCo; clenred
$07,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GEHMAN1A INVEST. CO.. 927 Market »t.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. |
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If s>o. we can
furnish you with an active or silent paitner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,0<A); we
have a large number of desirable applloanta
on our bocks seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckeis building.
RARE opportunity to purchase a collection of
books. The attention of trustees of colleges
sni schools and these who desire to enter
into the book business is called to this.
About 16.000 bound volumes and IMtOO paper-
covered books. There are 200" books In the
French language in fine bindings, calf,
morocco, etc.. and beautifully Illustrated.
The owner came into possession through an,
inheritance and wants to sell, and In order
to make a sa!e offers the entire lot at th«
Rive away price of $2000. For particulars
apply to W. J. PUNK, .ISO California et.
A— $2000; GROCERY and produce store across
the bay; established 10 years; full value;
Cheap rent. Central Agency. 9i>3 Market st.
A — ?2C00: PARTNER in madhouse across the
bay; "0 room*; 5 acres land; long less?;
che».|» rent; fine trade; great opportunity.
Central Agency, W, Market «t.
WANTED— Partner with $20O In theatrical
company. Hex 3191. Call office.
FOR rale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'm'g house cr business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR rale — Best little restaurant In city; rent
$45; central; receipts $33 to $40 day; must
It-ave town: price $1200 CAMERON. 3 Eddy.,
A GROCERY and liquor store at invoice; fun-
ny Hi ing rooms, with bath; pric? $S00; rent
$20. A. STENBERO & CO.. 7Jtt'4 Market.
I HAVE *20f;0 or more to Invest with two or
mere parties with equal amount In book-
rr.sking at "Frisco. Address box 31'.K), Call
office.
HAVE ycu anything to Bell or money to Invest?
Write us for particular^ agents everywhere.
Altauena Investment Syndicate, 708 Market
st., San Francisco, Cal.
A— WORKl.VGMAN'S boarding-house: good lo-
cation: low rent; steady boarders; no agents.
Box i:SC3. Catl office.
FOR sale — Der.tal practice, established 0 years.
Instruments and furnished house of 7 room»,
?1COO; or dental practice $500. Box 4S62, Call.
NOTIONS, candy, light groceries: cheap rent;
four fine living rooms. 1.T00 Sanchez »t.; take
Ca?tro-st. car, corner of Twenty-sixth nt.
$1000— PARTNER: can make $10,000 a year.
Particulars «31 Larkin st.
A WEEK'S news for fl cenU— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGINC-IfOLSES FOR SALE.
Established 18 years. J
We will sell any houscj
MARION on the Installment plan.]
GRIFFIN. Business — is — Booming.]
Call. write or phone usj
for bit free list of house*.]
Title abstract furnished free.l
fRnom 406. "Kxamlner" Building.]
Phone Black :'.f.O7. Take "leva tor to 4th floor.
Corner .''.d and Market Ets.. San Francisco.
TO LET, elegantly furnished C-room flat.
HERE'S your chance: Big transient house,
heavily mortgaged; must be sold at once;, will '
clear $500 month if rightly managed. ]
OVER $300 profit monthly; 63 rooms; nice
corner; clean as a new pin. _,
j GOLDEN GATE are.; 20 roorr*; nous* built
one year ago; mahogany antf oak furniture;
heavy Brussels caroets; Incorae $111 over rent.
ONE floor: 24 rooms, centrally located: rent
$S0; benk bock shows $100 month prortt last 12
months; price $1200; an Impending wedding.
BEAUTIFULLY furnlEhed: CO rooms: house
well known throughout the State; elevator;
clears $300 month; $0000; 14 <caeb; 4-year
lease; nact bock accounts are kept.
HOUSE of 40 rooms. * blocks of Market;
price $3000; building and furniture 1 year old.
CENTER of city; 17 large, outside, minny
rooms; rent $50; monthly Income $154.
KEW. beautiful brick building of 140 rooms;
electric elevator: electric lights; splendidly ap-
pointed; magnificently furnished In quarter-
tsawed oak and bird's-eye maple.
TRANSIENT house of 23 roome. clearing
$125 month; reduced from $2400 to $1700; %
down and monthly installments; rent $100.
NEW t.ouse gorgeously furnished In velvet
and bird's-eye rraple; 37 rooms; 5-year lease;
clears $175 month; for sale on easy terms.
PARTLY furnished 22 room*, north of Mar-
ket, to exchange /or a flat; better come early.
NEAR* Hyde «t.: 12 rooms, $CO0: clears $40
month; housekeeping; sunny side of street.
HOTEL — 83 room*; oak and cherry furni-
ture; big busfnrw: big bar trade; solid mahog-
any bar; price $C5C0; loDg established house.
8. F. RENTAL CO.. 097 Market tL ~
Phone FolFom 3025.
R rooms; earns ?24 mo.; rent $S $250
1 rooms a vA bath f.oo
4 rooms: cne block from Market 1S5
10 rooms: elegant; close In 17f«0
«; rooms and bath; Kne location SCO
A ROOMING-HOUSn snap; 18 rooms In a fine
location; Just furnished new; if you take It
quick a very low price will be made; don't
overlook this offer: there's nothing In town
to b»nt It. Apply H. B. RANSON. 261 Geary.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOtTSE; MEDIUM
FIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IX THE CITV: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 283C.
CALL OFFICE.
A— $2000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished room*, en Van Ne«a ave.;
rccms always occupied and flrst-clats patroa-
age. See K. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny it.
FOR eale — Modern 8-room Cat: centraU two
months furniched; $300 down, balance $25
per month; obliged to leave city; snap.
CAMERON Sz CO.. 3 Eddy gt.
LOOK— $120; & rooms, furnished; close In;
cheapest rent In city. 007 Market, rm. 200.
THE^CALL
JOHN O. CPRXCKEI.S, Proprietor.
i.tcrss ccsuiirjiicaiiciis la JOHN KcSADGHT, Managr
\V. J. MAKTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
AtV for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You W'Uh tbe Department You Wlsa.
Publication Office". Market and Th!rd. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to '^21 Stevenson et.
Delivered by On-ler*. 2» Cts. K«»r V,>ek, 73
Cts. Per Month. Sinple Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Includinu Postage tCash With
Ordrr): . „
r»A!LY CALL flrclad. Sunds-V I year. .$9.00
DAILY CALL tinclud. Sunday!. 6 mos.. 4.W
PAILY CALL - By Single Month 75c
Sl'NDAY CALL, 1 Yen " M
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • ' -<«
- nrnr .. f Daily. . .$K.M> P-r Year Extra
X2S2r££ ¦ Si-.r.<lay.. 4.15 Por Y*«r Kxtra
«^- )c - AOfc.. j xeeeklT" I- 00 IVr '* >ar Extra
KIZED
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
qu^fted.
Sla'.l ?ub»cribetE in ordering chanf c l-Ji$Z
«re<« fh'Mild be particular to give both. NUV
AND O1.V> ADDRESS in order to l"*yre a
riwnpt and correct compliance with the.r re-
quest.
HIS Broadway. ./...'¦ Telephone Main 1083
P.ERKELEY OFFICE: __
CKS Center Streot TVlpphone North 4 .
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 14OU O Street. N. W-
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hutol; A. Brent a no. 31
rmen Square; Murray HOI Hotel; Fifth-av*-
nue Hotel and Hcfftnan Houye.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhertrar: House: P. O. NVws Co .: Great
Kortbarn Botd: Trtmont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO RF.PRKSEXTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROONESS-.-Marquette nuhdi
(ZjOT.g Distance TclThone. 'Central -619. I
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH HO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT :
C. C. CABLTOX Herald Square
BTenCESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
calf, rorr.fr Market and Third itrwrtt: open
until 12 o'clock every nicbt In the fetr.
P11ANCII OFFICES:
627 Montcomrry etrwt. corner Clay; open un-
til H:30 p. m.
T,rx> Have? «rt«et: cpen until 9 p. rn.
r.-z* MtAiliFier Ftreet: op*n ur.ul S»:^O r. m.
*>1R L*rkin ptreet; open until .<:30 p. ro.
1041 Mission street; oj*>n until 10 p. m.
22« Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
1M Eleventh afreet: open until fl p. «•
JS^fS^TS^S 1 ZTJjlZ .treet,;
StSSJg*!^** Twenty -.econd and
Kentucky nre*ts: r.p-n-vmll 9 p. m_
r2<vi t^.i '.more rtreet: cp<n agtil » p. m.
• l 1 -~-"^^ =^^^^ g
MEETING XOTK'Ej^
THE annual BMCCiaS of Frar- g==j
.isco CfTis-isiory No. 1. A. and JB r
\ ? Hi.'', for the rl*>ctirn of TTl Jwk <v-!i)
. --,. t • i I bo hMd THl-ItPDAY F^KS-S
KVENING, Dec«mb^r 17. at s l^^SpV
o'clork. Hfcrption of petitions. ~w a
HENRY lil 'KXEK, Resistrar. >*-*»
M1-S1ON Chajtir No. 7i*. R. A. M -T"«.Jl-
AnrUl m*CUW THIS 'THl'KSDA^W
KVENING. ot 7::;i> o'clock. 15y order /V\
1 JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Loipe No. 1. V. and A. »
M will meet THIS <THrRPDAY)"yy
EVENING. I Jo-ember 17. at • : : -« /V\
..'clock. TT.ird rfejrree. Bjr ' rd " r oI
the master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
ilOl'NT MORLIH l*rf.g* No. 44. F. anj m
A. M.-Officer-p and meTT-.be's are re- ¦*# \T
epectfullr r»<5-j«-Fte<1 to af=s=embi.» at the /^f\
vnjpli> TO-I'AV at 1 :3O O'clock p. na.,
f"r the parpaac «>f attending the funeral ob-
O-qutM Ol Brother DE-COURCY M. GOOD-
BELXa By order of the W. M.
THEU. KROLICH. Secretary.
FIDELITY Ixi^pe No. I2O. F. and A. Q
M— Special m.-f>iins <TIUP» T1UT.S-Vy
KAY) HVENING it 7 ::«> o'clot-lc. />r\
First -1ogrr«»e. Maeons cordially invit-
ed. By ur<W of the \V. M.
FREDERICK BAItBY. Secretarj'.
EOCTH SAN FRANCISCO lyod^e No. «
212 F srd A. M.. me«tJ> TliLSVy
(THCBSDAY1 EVEKDCa at 7::s«/V'\
o'rlfx-k. for the i>ur] K "«¦ Of inFtalling
th«- rifflcern. Ulster Hasom cordially
Invited, liy order r>Z the Martf-r.
K. <". HARE. Secretary.
TFRnA HUEXA Lodge No. 1.1. I. -srfflgy.
¦ ¦ < j Officers i---. : members i^^SS^S
r.t Odd ' Fellows' Cemetery ' ; w3w^^
THURSDAY. I>»^- 17. 1903. at 1 .30' n. m..
to attend the funeral of our late broth'r,
pa;l brown, fp.ank kri'll, n. o.
CHAP. S. W1SEWELL. Rec. Kt-c.
PACIFIC I^odse No. ir,5, I. O. O.~T^^ZT~
F.— InitUtion nils (TIirRS-^sBSS3fe
DAYj EVENING. Dpceml.cr l".^J^^^^
I9O3. Vip'.tl!i? brotbera cordially 'WS****'
Srviiri. THORNTON THOMPSON. N. G.
J. S. >1EK. Jt»-ccrJ!r)5 Jv-cret&rj'-
LODGE Kr«nco-Arrer!caine No. J&S&&.'
207, !. •' O F llembera : '- : " £^^^& i:
requpRted I nttend our :.••*.; -^jfSZV^*^
reguiar BNctJac TIITItSDAT. '^SwwS ? '
D*-c<-mber 17. initiation. Visitor* are wel-
corno. J. Ii. (IROGNKN, N. G.
L. L. REMY, Serretarv.
SZ: ANDREWS Society— A Burns » <T? >.
celebration v.".ll b^ hold on MOX- ?, CAtfi
DAY EVKNLVG. the 2Mh of Janu-
¦ry. 15*04. Ir. the BCOCtUtt Hall. 115 "^i?*
Larkin et.
P. LIVINGSTON DTTNX. President
J. RLACK. Kecordinj Secretary.
THE jir.nual meetinjr of the Btockholders of
the Nevada National Batik of San Fran-
cieco, Cal., lui'l t» held at It* banking
ticuee, 301 aiGrmromery rtreet. San Fran-
cisco. Cal., on Tuesday. January 12. l'J04.
«t 3:35 p. m., for the election of director*
. to serve <5url:i£ th« •»r.!»utn(r year, and for
the transaction of such other business as
may ccme before th« mretmg-.
__ GEORGE GRA:;T. Sec.
Ean rrarciyco. Dec. 12. 100:1. ,
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cent*— The Weekly Call
IB par*-*. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year!
AGENTS WAXTEn!
ACCIDENT INSURANCE. ~
Waned — Solicitor*: monthly salar>- to expe-
rienced men or women who can iruarantee
the b^tt and rno*t desirable business Box
CISC. Call.
AGENTS— An agency for a preposition that 1*
a decided improvement on bulldlnc anj loan
worth havSns. Great Western Improve-
naent Company. Parrott building.
ATTORXBVS-AT-LAW.
w. u. bittnerT~" •¦-
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743
8uiic Z22. Emma Spreckeis bulldtnr
Divorces quietly and leeally obtain-d for
• '.rht causes; damages eecured for injuries to
V*r*on or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully o>talDrd: attachments and garnish-
tr.enu tat debts: bonds furnished; bankruptcy
litnc+*6lngt: wlllc probated; estates settled;
coiiecticm made In all parti or tbe U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for * Masll fee.
Eee roe end cave money; no r>»y in advance
G. W. HOWE. AT7DRNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.: ras. 1 2, 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl
1512 Market st., between Slason and Taytor
Ativlre free, all matters. Detectives employed]
R. W. KINO. A;tornf>y-st-Law, Exam, bldg I
ftth floor, entrance room Oil; established L'O
ye«rr; all cases: general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
i!on; evenings by appo^ntm-nt. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost to meritorl-
cve cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cctef. no f»e« In advance; open every even-
'.r.g. J. M. THCRPTON. S19 Market «t.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian I-*w and Collet-tlcn Arency
Tloom K5. 81C Market «.; tel. John CS2H.
DIVORCE r»,-t« $12: open -venln^s; tenent*
*<ect»<l. f5. 910 Market. r.C2;phooe Black C31.
DIVORCE— Cost*, $12; quirk, quiet; advice '
free; cpen evening*. 027 Market <«... r. 30L
J-. 6. CLARK. Emma Eprerkels bid?., 027 Mar-
ket *t. : consultation fre*: no fees 1.1 advance.
ADVICE fr^*; no <"tiarc;e unle»» succesufu] ; all
'•¦w >.UK!ne^fi. W. W T>»\i<5»on. 057 Market.
niHDS, DOGS, KTC. ~
VAHELING canarle*. taJklrr parrots; all
kinc!s of ecsg and fancy birds; roldflsh. seed
fkzer. r-lc. Give us a trial; we will pleas*
you. 15«C Market gt.
rtO*HI)I\<; FOR CHILDREN
LADY withe* one or two children to board;
load J-.ir.ff. 2V.i':t Tfhc.T.a et.
A CAMEnOlTTaX Phone 1050.
3 Kddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels ana
all kinds of business chances.
23 r.: near Market: lease: *CO0 d° wn • • *2250
CM r.; rent $;!00; Market: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r.; Van Ness: rent $22 50: home 22S
20 r.: now mod., el-gantly furnished.. - f jW
11 r.; rent $t!0: n»w; fine fur.: clears $4i «50
fl r.: Ellin: rent $35; fine hom-; snap... KJO |
CS r.; cheap r»nt; clears j:{00 to $400.. S50O
30 r • rent S95: good fur.: clears $10;>.. 2'AK)
12 r.; rent $40: close In; well furnished.. 600
8 r.; up. fiat: everything mod.; departure «f>o
3 r.; rent $20; cor, flat; L*-av.; snap 225
20 r. ; new hmi?e; furniture; clears $80. 25C0
H r.; rents f. r i0; modern: finely furnished 500
22 r. ; r»nt $80: lease: clears $100 1700
11 r.; Eddy; rent $50;well fur. ;plears j:ts 7. r Jt
:«4 r. • fine: downtown: makes big money 3200
) 8 r.; rent $42: modern fltet: elegant fur.. 400
14 r • rent $73; oaK fur.; cood carpets.. U00
12 r. ; close in: well furnished: bargain. 1100
17 r. ; downtown: a I way* full; clears $115 1000
8 r. : close in; golden oak; moquet car-
pets, hair mattresses; cost J1C00; in-
come $«>S: pnap f»0O
7 r. ; rent J10; middle flat; oak fur 330
21 r. ; rent $83;well fur. ;l*>ase;clears $100 1700
14 r.; cheap rent; good fnr.; snap 900
11 r. ; rent $40; newly renov.: clear $43. BOO
17 r.; central: Post; part cash 1100
44 r. : rent S14; big money-maker 3000
25 r. ; rent $70: oak fur.: leaving city... 1350
50 r. : new. mod. lmlldlr.g; elegantly fur.:
central; long lease; must b» told; offer
' wanted
'¦ 10 r. : mod. tlat: olepant fur.; dears' $34;
cost $2200: will sacrifice; must leave
city
9 r. ; flat; rent $40; mod.; clears $45;
departure 450
C. B. HINKLEY. C E. HINKLEY.
Phone Mint 7l)«.
1C20 Market St.. opp. Fifth et.
Oit Gimrantee. Satisfaction to All.
Former I'atrons My Best References.
SUNNY corner, 21 room*: clears $75; half block
from Murhet ft.: speculation r.t SJH'O.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
SNAP — 10-room modern fiat; rent $40; a prize
nt $4.10.
HINKLEY. 1C20 MARKET ST.
PROFITABLE rooming hor.se; -2 rooms; 3
years' l*>ase; clears $S7 BO; gentlemen room-
ers; locked door: present owner conducted
house !• years: « cool lnvo«tmfnt.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
SPECIAI.< — S5 room?; $ICOO cash, balance 1 p?r
cent; newly furnished; price S5C00; this Is a.
trrar.d opportunity to pecure a cood paying
house on easy terms.
; HINKLEY. 1 020_M AJIKET_ST.
¦ EXQUISITE fum'shlngs; 50 rooms; new mod-
ern qcartment-house: grand entrance: lease:
clears S2CKI: liberal t»rms: n little gem; see
HINKLEY 1020 MARKET ST.
. ; '
MODERN— 120 rooms; ren« less than $5 a
nxrni: up to date In every respect: finely fur-
nished: books oDen; clenrs $"50 to $400
monthlv: price S000O- mrt cash, balance easy.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
WORKTNGMEN'S honse; 20 rooms: one floor:
?lectric lights; rent $40; amazingly low price;
HINKLEY. 1020 Mprket st.. opp. Fifth.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF Fred P Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp Tor f'^ u l ar -
1 1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott ba>._
ElITe REYNOLDS — Materializing a?ance
Thursday eve.. 328 Ellia Bt. ; '50 cents.
Mme. Young 1 * convincing test circle to*IfJiti
10c; private readings daily. «¦!'.) McAllister.
MRS. CONNOLL. iTs Sixth st.; circle every
night; tests to all, 10c: readings daily.
MME. VICARS 7 spiritual test meeting. H>c.
every nlgiu. 142 Sixth st.; fittings dally.
Seer E<o'Pt!an. Hindoo occult; roads dally; cir-
cles Wed.. Fri.. Sun.. S p. m. ; 10c. 540 Ellla st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; gennces Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIKVOYAXTS. ~
A— PAUL DESTINE.
The Fln>t Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Caiefuliy. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge No Charge
Unless ycu obtain the information for which
you consult me.
I do hertby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no oliargf If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; In
fact. I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
t>etler than you can trll yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you cood luck, re-
store lest energy; 10 a. m. to S p. m.; Sun. 2-«.
326 O'Farrell at.; low fee this week— $1, $1, $1.
mme7m.~bernXrd. the famous
Oairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.: "he reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied with life, cr have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will bo told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed;
readings by mall. Tel. Black 45C0.
A LIVORNOT
The Wcrld-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer.
24 Kearny 6t., over .Hammersmith & Field's;
see portrait of Mm?. Livorno and original
testimonials from distingnl?h«>d people at en-
trence; ;! <j'i'ftlons by mall, $1. Send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR. tire Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Et., ror. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; :i questions answered $!;
full life. J5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; dont send currency; send postoffico,
Wells-Kargu money order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medlum~and
card reader: just returned from long ab-
sence. 4C0 Geary St., near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. II. KRONENBERG."^aiinl?t.- claTT-
voynnt. card reader; whm others fall try me-
good reading 10c. 721 Frankiin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life. buslness~advice-
_narnes given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MISS WARD, remm-od to !)17 Market, rs. 11-12
_givesjiames, dates and facs. Hours 11 to a pm!
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader re".
Jjnoved frjm 132 6th to 23^ (ith; la. 25c. g! 50c.
OI /.P,'? S tT Iady Palmist and card reader In -city
.QM, Kearny. room 20; ladies, 23c, gents 50c!
MISS ZEMDAR, younjr gifted clalr. and palm •
S names; n: BOc£ Q. f l. 714 FttnkUn,' Br.O.^av;:
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; Tit"
tings dally. 448 y, JesMejt^ bet. 5th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
ir. pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
CARPET HICATIXG AXD CLEAXIXg".
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary clranlng carnete. • on
noor, without removal or Injury; prices moi-
?. r T a r e ; v A £P. ly ™ S V. F ' COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO., Call bid.; phoneMaln 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3u5-357 Tehama tt; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopfce Bros.; carpet beating; mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 218.
WESTERN Cnrpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rlaon st.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 223.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st ¦
tel. Main 31*4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasanable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlr.R Works
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone Ecst 120.
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES. -
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms ft-10; tel. 5586.
CEEDIT CLOTHIEES.
cTf. ADAMS CO. i ' : ~~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
•hoes; even-thing up to date at cash frlces.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
BUY your «=uit<! and overcoats at LICHTEN^
STEIN BROS., 25 Stockton *t.. on small
weekly payments; goods delivered on first
payment.
CTJEES EUPTUBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 12C6 Market et.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
-_^- aETECTITBB.
WESTERN Detective Agency~attends to all
legitimate detective work, civil and criminal,
shadowing. Investigations, private informa-
tion; charges reasonable. Parrott bldg., room
4i;5. Telephone Howard 2551. ._
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knif» plaiting? Stew^
- art's button & buttonhole faoiory, 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-—
Patterns cut to measure; eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
EXPERT OrTICIAX^
GEOrtGE~MAYERI^E'^ GLASSES are fat su-
perior to all others for reading. w«ktti«
distance, weak eyes, poor sight. «;»**££•
dizziness, nervousness, cloudiness of *, ul £"'
floating spots, rain In or about the eyes be
hind the head or in the t™? 1 ,^.
flamed eyrs or eyelids, watery. Itching, smart-
ing, twitching, scratching eyes, cross eyes,
gluey crusty or heavy eyelids and man>
othrr eye troubles. Mayerle'a glasses are
used by the highest United States army, navy
and Government officials and most eminent
clergymen, educators, doctors. lawyers ana
menwhoappieclatelh- soothing and
enlng effect of these glasses. GEORGE
MAYERLES EYEGLASSES make an ex-
cellent Xmaa gift: sent by express; car 1 be
tried before paying charges : German , *> e- ,
water. 50c. by mall «2c. OEOEGE MAY-
ERLE. GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. 1071
Market »t. .
FACIAIi MASSAOS.
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: SOc. M. LUTON. mari!-
curlng parlors. 7tt4 Larkln St.; rhene Polk 1..
FLATS TO LET.
A— tlOUSES and flats to let; an Imaenw list;
tervlce absolutely free; taks »dvar.taj» of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-24U Geary
tt.. on ths square.
ALL, of the most desirable flats aiJ'l bouse* ars
listed In our renting department; let us glT»
ycu a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. lOJO Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
FLAT. 3 room* and large basement. 140 Rose
avenue, near Octavla »t.
FinXITlRE WAXTBD.
A— Highest price paid for fur., carpets, etc. Mrs.
T. B. S#lb:.\ Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer, ISIS Mkt.;tel.Howard 2736.
A. WOLLPERT, 77.1 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP \\ A XTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 2 waitresses, city, family hotel.
$:>0; 2 cooks, some washing. ?J0: house-
wcik, 2 familv, $35; ahort-order cook, $'J
week; cnok. small hotel, country, $.'{0; 4
hotel waitresses, city. $25. $30; waitress for
Monterey County, far? here, $25: Menlo
Park. *^5; nurse for lady, $2O; 2 nurse girls.
£20 $-'J; 5 waitresses for restaurants, $.S,
$10; second girl. Oakland, $."5O; Salinas, $-t>:
•1 second glr!s. $20. $25; cook and second
girl, same house, $25, $20; laundress for ln-
stluitlon, Sacramento, $25; 2 chambermaids,
?20; 41 house irirls. city. $20. $25, $.J0, $^3.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sut-
ter st.
AT San Fran. Employ. Bureau. 17 Fourth «t. —
Light housework, city. $6 a week; first-class
waitress, city, $S a week: housework, city,
$23; llrht housework for 2. city. $20; sales-
ladles, dry goods dept., Oakland. $8 a week;
light chamber wotk, city, $10. Phone
Grant 26.
\on salesladies:
! 1«» salesladies!
100 salesladies:
= \
! WANTED TO-DAY.
; WANTED TO-DAY.
WASTED TO-DAY.
I >AppIy Superintendent's Office
THE EMPORIUM, 8 to 11 A. M.
1
\ A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreaslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $1<> l>er week up;, leading school in
\Vert. 2X1 Geary st.. room 13.
A— Girls to lep.rn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10: positions as trimmers,
calesladles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening claes, 143 Stockton st.. r. U.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresMng
trade: menicurlng, mapsage. etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 1)4; positions secured
at hlghesl wages; day and eve. class; call.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home evenings cr spare time and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing; $5 weekly
earned; materials free. Inclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co., W. 4 Ninth et.. Philadelphia, Fa.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32S FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED— A lady to travel for an old estab-
lished house of eolld financial standing: good
ea!ary and expenses weekly; expenses ad-
vanced: pleasant work; new line; good refer-
ence* and security required. Address box 271,
Sacramento, Cal.
GIRL or mlddle-azed woman to assist with
hcusewDrk and children: wages $20. 314
Duncan, between Twenty-seventh and Twen-
ty-eighth sts^
A GOOD woman wanted to take care of baby
1 year old; good home for the right party;
etate age, reference, and salary expected.
Apply box 4Slf<. Call off.ee.
TEN experienced salesladies for hosiery, under-
wear veilings and laces. Apply at JOE RO-
SENBERG'S, Sltf Market st.
A STRONG, energetic woman between 40 and
."<' without encumbrances, who can leave
city. Box 4S22, Call.
GIRL wanted for general housework: JJ In fam-
ily. Apply between tt and 11 o'clock at 1013
Green st. Car fare paid.
ELDERLY lady to help around chophouse. 241
Third St., C a. m. See bc«s only.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies. MARKS
•BROS., 1220 Market st.
PIANO player for saloon. CCS Kearny st.
WANTED — Young lady who Is an experienced
wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS/
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE EROS.>
AN elderly woman to ccok and assist with
children; good home: $5 per month. MRS.
i O. CLARK. I.orln. Berkeley. : _
FIRST-CLASS salesladies wanted for perma-
nent positions. Call at J. M. LEVEE & CO..
corner, Powell and Geary sts.
WANTED — A young girl for general house-
work; references; wages $20. 1014 Powell st.
PIANO nlayer for ealocn. 609 Kearny «t.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mtas
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened r.t 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WAXTBD MALE.
CAL^^M^^^M^NT^^ENCYTca Third st!
Woodsmen, redwoods, north, big company.
« buckers, $50 and found.
«! crosscut sawyers, $30 and found.
Fare advanced. Coal Miners. Fare advanced,
fi coal miners, $1 per ton. 6-ft. vein; ship Sat.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENKY. 50 Third St.
MILKER and buttermaker. small dairy. $30:
waiter for club, $45 and board;, cook and
wife. $105 and found, fare refunded; baker.
country, $15 week and found; cook, country
hotel, $45 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau. 17
F<>urth st. — Registered plumber, plasterers
and helpers, bricklayers, etc. 17 Fourth St.,
phone Grant 26.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12
Barman, country hotel. $50; pastry cook, $40.
__ . k
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. CJS Clay st.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters hom«
evenings; $9 50 wetk. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4
box 141 J, Philadelphia, Pa. ¦ '
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14
fifth fioor. 305 Larkln st.. for free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits etc ¦
day or evenings. '
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker. #a$er to make money. F. PERSON 1
477 and 478 Parrott building. -"
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50. pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
. express or mall charges. 11 3d st., Exam. bid.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop on eale. 3312 Twen-
tleth f-t.
EXPERIENCED printing: salesman wanted.
MYSELL- ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay at
flEi.P \VA\TKT>— WAI.E— Cnntlnn**.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634^05 Clay St.
Phone Main WW*.
Leading EmpJoyment and Labor Agents.
1002 "We Cave 190a We'll Give
43. COO Men Work. 60.0U0 Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
FOREMAN ORCHARD. VINEYARD.
GOOD WAGES FOR Al MAN.
Machinist, putting In governors, country.
2 boys learn machinist and other trades. $i.
Boy, fruit store, ?t>.
LOOK.
Assistant marker, laundry, fare $1. 5W>.
Ironer, $G3, south; nurse, $23 and found. In-
stitution. • •
Porter, grocery, country, references, $30 and
found.
4 waiters. $27. to $30; cook, far* $1. $50; Ger-
man or Scandinavian cook and wife, hotel,
$5O and found.
COOK AND WIFE.
Han as cool:, wife as waitress, city, $tD fd.
Clerk, hat department, $K0; orderly, city.
3 coatmakers. $3 coat. •
Carriage trimmer, old Mexico, free fare.
DON'T FORGET— $3.
ARIZONA TO-DAY PRRSCOTT
Steady Jobs; 2 years. BIG WAGES.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wocd; tools found.
MURRAY & READT. KJl-CCG Clay tt.
WANTED — A man experienced in putting up
blackboard; must be competent. Address box
4812. Call cff.ee.
HONEST man. office and cutsl.le collecting;
salary $r>0; $100 cash deposit required. Com-
mercial Exchange, 13 Montgomery »t.. r. 8.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoeiThaJf-
toled when you can g?t It done for L'5c. 50c
and 60c while you watt at !>»£! Mission st.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; alsi green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East st.
TWO carpenters wanted. Apply 1111 Gough st.
from 9 to 10 a. m.
WANTED — A good barber. Apply at 7C3 Mls-
si'.n st.
___ ~__ _ ___
! BARBER wanted; steady man: 606 C!ay st.
DISHWASHER. German. .465 Valencia st.; ?
man who worked December 15 preferred.
WANTED — Marker and distributer. The
French Laundry Company. 337- Mission st.
WANTED — Man In coal yard U3<*d to business.
E. D. FIEL. Clay and FlMmore sts.
BARBER shop; one chair; good location; well
fitted; cheap. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — Young man tf> sell toys. Arply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods bundle wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
TRY our men's shoes', unton made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
crthDpeal: sho?s. $.5 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — For V. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and ."5:
good character; must speak, read and write.
English: marines serye at sea on men-of-
war in a'l parts of the world, on land In our
Island pcsse*g!on9 and at naval stations In
the United 8tates. Apply at recruitlns of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.. and
4f»l K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary. w»
have an crenlnr whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
cood aiiri.*-. business knov.l».l-<e nece«.-»nry.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite ID, Columbian bid.
STEADY, reliable man for office: no expe-
rience necessary: good wages; EmafM capital
required. ICC? 1 '* Market St.. room, 1. near
Sixth.
WANTED — An all around hockblnder; one who
can tlo forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Marker gt.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Rero House proprietor, hi*
a<)d<>d 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third »t.: 2.10 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
GENERAL traveling ag?nt. 5*3 per month
and expense.". TOWELL. 510 Ninth st.. Oak-
land, rccm 1.
! WANTED — Experienced barber with *m*ll
capital to take charge of a shop. Apply 713
Valencia s>t.
WANTED — Good barber: married man prefer-
red; good wages to right man. Address box
104. Martlnez^__
BARBER shop, down town; very neatly fitted:
gocd chance for good barber; must sell: can
be bought cheap. STOLTZ. 72U Market »'¦
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
Is earnestly requested to write to h'.s sorrow-
ing mother cr come home.
PENSION ATTT4 M.~HARRIS. 4OEU!»«t. ; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
perrons for whom I have secured pensions.
STRONG boy to learn drug business. ROOT"S
Drug Store. Sixth and Howard ats.
BOY In tlnshop; learn trade; 16 years. CU3
Mission Bt.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber
trade under gocd teacher. 647 Commercial st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale. JOE
ROYA. Halfmocn Bay. <
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
St.. third floor, room 4.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In Saa
Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
BARBERS^ — Well-paying 2-chair shop for sale.
l>i Polk and Market sts.
BARBER shop: 3 chairs; good location; trans-
fer point. DECKELMAN BROS.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. Inquire* 502 »i
_Thlrd_st ; #
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bul'ls. room 40. Phalaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large atock of
n»w and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 33c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and t-agzage to and frjm ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha re-ept!on
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10*13 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men"s shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. CCS Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GFT your shoes half soled while waiting; 23o
to 5Cc. .">•";; Mission St., bet. 1st ami 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
FOR sale — One of the largest, best located
brick livery stable; long lease at moderate
rent: doing large business paying ntc«
monthly profit; Is In good shap« and attrac-
tive stable proposition; principals only. Ap-
ply SCOTT & MAGNER, Hay Merchants.
615 Sixth at.
FOR sale — A big mare, good trareler, at 181»
Howard st. Call bet. 8 and 1 o'clock.
SMALL Kentucky jack, good driver or saddle,
$63; fast brood mare. $30. 79 City Hall av«.
FOR eale — Second-hand panel top wacona. Ia-
qulre R. NUGENT. IS Tenth st. i
FOR sale — Handsome trap cheap. '¦" 1 tm
box 3759. Call office.
' FOR sale — 3 young horses; alngl* or double.
Apply 909 York st.
MUST be sold at sacrifice; 3 rood hones. " A
327 Sixth st. _
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camstnr wagoa
and go-cart for sal* cheap. 633 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 3-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey. harness. work. driving horaes. 15th-Valencl»>
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G . H . U M BSEN&CO^_^4_Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
St.. en the square.
1 " __^^ *~^ —^^-^
BEFORE moving get our printed INt of housn*
to let. BALDWIN & HQWEX.U 23 Post st.
HOUSES FUKMJJHKD — FOK SALS.
MUStTs^iT at one?, folding-bed, dresser, chif-
foniers, leather couch, dining set. carpets.
etc. 1818 Market St.
LOST AXD FOOD.
TY)<5T— \n old fat brown deerhound bitch.
Finder will r-turn same to 261S Sacramftnto
st." and . receive reward.
j^qc>t Laiy's turquoise and diamond pin. Re-
turn to Eerge's Keetauraat. 33-4 Pine St.. re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Tuesday, man's gold watch chain. B*^
turn 430 Jessie, upstairs; reward.
LOST— A mink cape at Wellesley Hotel fir*.
Finder please return to hotel: reward.
LOST— Male fox terrier with black and bm»u
head. Return to 920 Page at.; reward.
IT will pay to> "Remember" that th« California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
told and silver to make new watch caaea.
KMPI.O YMEXT OFFICES Continued
GEpRQE 'AOKI.' 421 -Pott «L r; teLlBusb^iaSr-
Japanese-CMneFe finployment office; fur-
nlshr? best h«>lp; contracts for farm help. etc.
CHIXESE Employment Office — Best help at
1-con KeunK's, HIM O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
CHINESE ar.<i Japanese help; estRb. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. G«0 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman; Is a cood cook and
laundress; city or country; private Ameri-
can family: srocd N references; moderate
wajes. 7!U f"olsom pt.
A STRONG German woman would like work
. by t!--e day washing. Ironing, cleaning; ex-
perienced laundrtsp. I'leaee call or send
l>ostal 311% .JeeMe st., upstahs.
EASTERN' woman, elderly, neat, reliable, plain
cook and laundrr?*. fond of children, wishes
position? wages $10 to $15; references. Uox
¦4S1D. Call office.
A JCFAT, reliable woman wishes a situation
to do general housewurk In. small family.
Call at 47U Linden ave.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires position taking
care of sick person ; best of references given.
Address Nurse, »5an Mateo, Cal.
STRONG young rirl wants place, good family,
to do housework. Inquire 214 Austin ave.
A GERMAN lady would like a place; can do
general housowork, also a little washing;
waccs not under f'M. Box 4SS^, Call office.
A LADY wiil chaperon school girls East for
. holidays; to us companion, nurse .or care
for Invalid for expenses. I'.ox 3183, Call.
COMPETENT nurse would like a few more p.t-
tirnta jr care of Invalid. 517 Ninth 8t.. Oak-
land. 1 I
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cull Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. CKi "McAllister st.
EMI'LO YMEXT WAXTEpl-MALE.
VALET — A neat younir man desires position
either as valet, or butler; Is of good and
cheerful dlsDoeltlon, does not use liquors or
tobacco; has traveled extensively with In-
valid gentleman; can procure Al references.
OSCAU A. OARDKLL, 1410 Howard st.
11ARBKR desires a position for evenings and
Saturday (Sun.). 1410 Larkln «., nr. Califor-
nia. Call before 9 a. m. and after 4 p. m. ex-
cept Sun.
CARPENTER, work direct from owners, W
day or contract, by reliable carpenter; get
my address. Box 45^, Call.
FIRST and re-cond cook wish positions In min-
ing boarding-house or camps. 312 JesMe *t.
BARTENDER— Young man, night or day. Box
4S20. Call office. .
WANTED — By reliable, experienced man. po-
sition as gardener; understands flowers, vege-
table*, fruits; can grcom, milk; excellent ref-
erences. Address box 8S1, Call office.
MAN wants a position on private place; can
' take care of horses and other stock- handy
with tool?. Box 4SSC, Call office.
WANTED — Position as night clerk by sober,
reliable man. Box 31St, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy In city or country; high school student.
II. MOTO. Japaneac Mission, 807 Polk st.
JAPANESE with recommendations wishes po"-
vitlon of any style; good cook; city or coun-
try; private family. Box 4S52. Cb!1 office.
JAPANASE b;y wants a p?sli:on at housework;
plain cook, 121 Halght st. K. IMAI.
GOOD Chinese cook wants ocaltlon in private
family. , CHUNG WINQ, 902 Clay st.
FINANCIAL."
A~^ 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
I 587.000 last year on ?100.000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 827 Market et.
COMPANIES Incorrorated. financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent, 322 Emma Spreckela bldg.
A VERY ATTRACTIVE SALT AND PFPPFR SHAKER FREE
To Wamt Advertisers
—. -A HANDSOME NICKEL-PLATED 1
Salt and Pepper Shaker
(Neatly Boxed) •
This is an attractive and useful Novelty of,
handsome appearance, highly nickel-plated and
made with a very pretty celluloid band, and will
be found quite useful for picnics and outdoor
parties, traveling, etc. These articles are packed
in a neat little box and will be found to be a
most desirable household utility.
Offered Free as sl PiremniBiuim to
I Sunday Call Want Advertisers
I orally, and can foe obtained fin no
I other way ::::::::
*Bring your little Want Ad. to THE CALL
Business Office, Third and Market Streets; iooS
Market Street, City, and to THE CALL Branch
at 1 1 18 Broadway, Oakland, and get one of these
useful premium's absolutely free.
- THIS OFFER OPENS FRIDAY MORN?
ING A^D CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT AT
10 O'CLOCK SHARP.
I In these columns you can seS3 your
wares and gafh yosir wants!Edgar TV. McLellan to Mary B.. Mary P.
and Mary G. McLellan. lot on S line of Wash
ington street. 135:6 TV of Polk. .TV 32:6 by S
127:8^4; $10.
Mary B.. Mary P., Mary G. and George B.
McLellan to Elizabeth Reene, lot on S line of
Washington street. 103 TV of Polk. TV 65 by
S 127:8>i; $10.
Marsden Manson to Samuella L. Manson,
lot on E line of Gough street. 127:8V4 S of
Warhlngton. S 25* by E 110; gift.
Oliver D. Tobin to John A. Grennan, lot on
SW corner of Hayes and Octavla streets, S
120 by-W 137:6; $10.
John O. and Richard C. Tobla to same,
same; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Louis
and Hortense Handu. lot on E line of Stelner
street. 87:6 N of Turk. N 25 by E 87:6: $ .
. George E. and Emellne L. Bates to John H.
Saunders. lot on E line of Devlsadero street,
«8 S of Union, S 34 by E 103:6; $10.
Ludwig and Mercedes Arnsteln to Nellie V.
Mead, lot on NE corner of Hayes and Lyon
streets, E 37:6 by N 87:6; >10.
Balrd Estate to August F. and El in A.
Peterson, lot on N line of Waller street. 132:3
TV of Masonic avenue, TV 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Samuel and Morris Stulsaft to Fannie Stul
saft. lot on TV line of Guerrero street. 30 N of
Fifteenth. N 25 by W 100; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to J. A.
Buck and N. and H. Ohlandt. lot on SW cor
ner of Twentieth and Howard streets. TV 153,
S 1*0, TV 90, S 40, E 120. N 20. E 125, N 120;
James Camp to Nellie Pond (wife of Alex
ander), lot on E line of Castro street, 149 N
of Nineteenth, N 37 by E 125; $10.
Harriet V. and TV. W. Brownell to Dennis
and Ellen Murphy, lot on NW line of Market
street. 154 :»y* SW of Sixteenth. SW 32:10**,
N 122, E 25, S 100:7 H: *!<>•
Elizabeth T. Durkee to TVilllam F. A. Krue
g-er, lot on TV" line' 6f Hampshire street, 200 3
of Twenty-flfth. S 40 by TV 100; $10.
B Kelsey to J. A. Dowling, lot on TV line of
Alabama street, 101 N of Twenty-sixth, N 25
by. TV 100; $1O. »
Humboldt Building and Loan Association to
Mary C. Connor, lot en E l'.ns of Church street,
26:0 N of Valley, N 25 by E ICO; $10.
Anglolina, Vincenzo, Lltlzla Callmero, Sera
flno and Albino Danzl, Adelina Pozii (Danzt)
and Alexander Pozzi to Landry C. Babln. lot
on SE corner of Pacific and Lozler streets, E
40 by S 57:6; $10.
Camillo .Taemetti to same, same; $10.
Clotilde Dery (Jagmetti) and Charles Dery to
same, same; $-10.
Mary Jagmetti to same, same; $10.
Landry C. and Cecile M. Babln to Julius
Gall, same; $10.
Albert V. and, Minerva E. Clark to William
J. Yore, lot on S line of Post street, 112:6 W
of Mason. W 25 by S 87:6; $10.
John Dunn to Francis Dunn et al., lot on E
line of Taylor street, 137:6 S of Clay, E 80 by
S 22:C; also let 61. block 490, Bay City Home.
Ftead; also lot on E line- of Thirty-flfth avenue,
120 N of C street, N 120 by E 120; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Riley street.
63:3 E of Jones. E 23 by 8 V0. and lot In
Mountain Cemetery; gift.
Hibernla Savings - and Loan Society to J.
Freely, lot on SE line of Clary street, 2O8:3 NE
of Fifth. NE 22:11 by SE 75; $1.
M. J. and Elizabeth Freely to Isabelle F.
Schottler (wife of H.). same; $10.
Hermann Schottler to same, same; gift.
California -Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Santa Fe Land Improvement Company,
let on -TV line of Pennsylvania street. 50 S of
Santa Clara. S 50 by TV 100; also lot on SE
corner of Santa Clara and Mississippi streets,
E 9S:4. SW.to Miisissippl street. N 248; also
lot on TV line of Pennsylvania street. 100 N of
Marlposa, N 50. TV Km. S 23:6, E 6. S 29:9. E
1C0; also lot en NW corner of Mariposa and
Pennsylvania streets. TV 25 by N 100- also lot
on N line of Marlposa street. 25 TV of Pennsyl
vania. W 25 by N 100; also lot on N line of
Mariposa street. 5O TV of Pennsylvania, TV 25
by N 100; also lot on N line of Marlposa street
75 TV of Pennsylvania. TV 25 by N 100; also lot
on E line of Mississippi street. 1C0 N of Mari
posa, N 2«:9 by E 100; also lot on E tine of
2^:fby eV-IIo. * °* *""**»• »
Same to same, lot en TV line of Pennsyl
vania street. 150 N of Mariposa. N 150 W 100
N 1C0 W 1:8. SW to point 156:3 N of Mari
posa, S 3:6, E 200; also lot on SW corner of
Seventeenth and Pennsylvania streets, S 50 by
W 100; also Jot on NW corner of Seventeenth
and Pennsylvania streets, W 74, NE 112, SW
*0:5%, S to beginning; also lot on NE corner
of Seventeenth and Mississippi street*. N 114-7
E 65:5. NE 81, SE 111:9, SW 112. W 126- $10*
Alexander and Christina Brown to John s'
Brown, undivided half of lot on E line of For
tieth avenue, 35:4 'N of Point Lobos avenue V
122:3. SE 232:4. W 190:2; $10.
Edmond and Mathilda Becsey to Emma Bers
mann, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 275 N
of I street, N 25 by E ISO; $10.
William V. Esan to Cornelius Epan, lot on
E line of Ninth avenue. 200 N of K street N
25 by E 120; $10.
Delia Brann to Kate Swinger, lot en E line
of Manchester (Tehama) street 6O N of "Rip
ley (Prospect place), N 50 by E 70; $10.
Sarah and John A. Glllan to Richard and
Theresa Meagles. lot on N line of Broad street
295 W of Plymouth <Marengo). W 25 by N 125.
lot 6, block J. Railroad Homestead; $10.
Oscar Heyman to J. S. and Ellen M- Barrett.
lets 412 and 413, Silver Terrace Homestead
$10.
Anna Joost to Dean R. Swift. SW corner
lot 13, block 23. Pioche and Robinson on E line
of Lincoln avenue and NW corner lot 14 XE
2«. SE 1C4:3, SW 25:9. NW 97:9, lot 13. block
23. Pioche and Robinson subdivision; $10.
, Masonic Cemetery Association to Andrew B.
Knox and R. McQuade. lot la cemetery; $139.
Balldcrs' Contracts.
Andrew Carl <owner) with N. A. Carlson
(contractor), architects Ktdd & Anderson — AH
alterations and additions except painting to
make a two-story frame building < flats) on E
line of York street, between Twentieth, and
Twenty-first. S21 York street; $12C0.
Thomas Schields (owner) with J. B. Pen*
(contractor), architect* Ronsseau ft Son All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewer work,
tin work, grates, mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a three-story frame building on E
line of Derlsadero street. 87:6 S of Ellis, S
25 by E 100, W. A. 453; $7370.
Alameda Cdunt y.
Frank M. Davis (widower) to Emily Rekra
ert, lot on S line of Thirty-fifth street. 42B:3
E of Market. E 37:6 by S 120:3",- portions of
lots 11 -and 12. block L. property Central Land
Company. Oakland ; $10.
- John J. and- Amelia Atkins (wife) to E.
ATery McCarthy; lota 16 to 19. block A. Broad
way Terrace Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Capital BuiMlng and Loan Association (cor
poration) to J. E.-McKean (married), lot on E
line of Union street, S2:6 8 of Eagle avenue,
6 ".id by E 82, block 40. property near Enclnal
station of Columbus Bartlett. Alameda; $1O.
Charles H. and Ida O. . Jones to Oakland
Trust Company (corporation, lot on NW corner
of- Thirteenth and Franklin streets. N ICO by
TV 75. lota 19 to 22. block 15»1. Kellersberger*
Map.' Oakland: $10. ¦ -
Mary. 8. antf George M. Seaton (by California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company, trustees) to
California Home' Building and Loan Company.
825 D. ' 470. N line of Merrimac street, 562 E
of Telegraph road or avenue (since widened to
IW fe«t). SB 120, NE U0, BE 63. NB 35, NW
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
183. SW 145 to b?ginning. trustees' deed Oak
land; $10.
Standard Loan and Trust Company to Sadia
Mclntyre Knight, let un X line cf Thirty
firth street. Titt.S E of San Pablo avenu*. B
75 by N 112. lots 1 to 3, Map No. 2. MitchjU
Tract. Oakland: $1XC0.
Leslie W, Gray (single) to Pen White. lot*
IS and 19, Sunset Tract. Fruitvale. Brooklyn
Township: $75©.
Frank T. and Addie McHenry to M. E. Em
• mert. Jot en W line of Webster street. «U0 S of
Walnut or Twenty-second. W 180 SW ei.31.
SE 97.55 to a point on W line of Webster street.
122 N of Delger or Twentieth, thence KW
13.B2. NE 37.05. Oakland: $10.
James I* and Evelyn F. -Mayor* to Melan!«
Reeb (widow), lot on S line of Twelfth street.
103.30 W of Market. W 25:1(». S 1W E 25. X
Kt:S. block Q. mar. of Oakland Central Home
stead. Oakland: $10.
M. M. Fltz to Mary A. Smllie (admlnstr*
trix of the estate of Robert Smilie). lets 34 and
35. block 631. mip of Adeline-street lots, quit
claim, deed, Oakland; *."••
Fannie A. and Isaac D. Wood (husband and
as attorney) to Elizabeth J. Blddall. lot on W
line of Telegraph avenue. 34.13 feet from inter
section with S line of Sixty-first street. S ZXT9,
XV 1<£.42. N S3. 79. E l«i.42. block C resub
dlvlslon of blocks A to F. Map No. 2. Roberts
& Wolfskin Tract. Oakland: *10.
Nathan Ellis to Fannie Ellis. lot en B lin»
of West street Z0 X of Forty-fourth, E 8ft hy
N 60 lot 2 block 2102. Alden Tract at Temes
cal. Oakland: rift.
Sarah I* Parklson to Ludwig and Mathild*
Mlkkeisen. lot 3 In subdivision 17. map of sub
division 17. Glen Echo Tract. Oakland: $10.
Ernest Mehnert (single) to J. H. Yr-ung. lot
on S line of Fifty-fourth street (Central ave
nue) 720 E of Park street. E 4ft by S 120. lot
19 Mock C Parsons" Golden Gate Tract. Oak
land: $10. .-- ¦-"'¦¦ i
Frances J. Abbey (widow) tt> Edgar W\ Ab
ber (single), lot on W line of Grove street.
47.50 S of Thirty-eighth. 8 50 by W 125. lot 12.
block B. man of Apgar Tract, portion of plac
37. etc., Oakland: $10.
Same tc George Sterling. lot on S line- of
Spring street. 220 E of Adeline. E 7o by S J»S.
lots 70 to 81. Kingman Tract. Oakland: $10.
Berry-Bangs Land Company to Ernest lleart,
lot on KW corr.er of Hlllejcass avenue and Rus
sell «traet. N 54.37. W 147, 8 77. E 14S 53. lot
11. block H Berry-Bang3 Tract, map No. 2.
etc.. Berkeley, deed and agreement: $10.
Mart* Ambroiio (wife of Manuel) to Marl*
Rodlns. lot on W line of Seventh street. 120 3
of Bristol 8 to center line of Strawberry
Creek. W 125. X to point 120 S from S line of
Bristol street. E 125. lot « and fractional part
of lot 7. block 95. Tract B. BeTkMey Land an<t
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley: $450.
.Manuel Ambroiio to Selma J. Johnson, same,
quitclaim deed: $5.
TV H. and Mary L. Rees to Arthur B\ Prnith.
lot on S line of Virginia street. 12O E of Ponte.
E SO.by S 150. portion of lots 3. 4 and 5 of
block '23, Daly's Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Viola C. MtConvtlle (widow) «nd Nellia M.
Bussell (widow) to Ella B. Brown (widow), lot
on E line of Waring street. tSTtli S of Charming 1
way. S SO by E 1<X>, block B, map of subdi
vision of block B. Berkeley property, etc..
Berkeley: $10.
Napoleon B. Byrne to C. <J. White, lot on TV
line of Spruce street. 406 N of Rose, N 40 by
W 135. block 23. property of N. B. Bynw in
Berkeley Villa Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Albert Turner to Benjamin Turner. let en 9
lln«» of Forest avenue. 553:6 E of Center street.
E 61 :« by S 1025. lot 13, block D. map of
property of Berkeley Homestead Association.
Berkeley: $10.
II.. H. Hernan and O. M. Goldaraceaa to
same. same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Bertha Turner to same, same; $10.'
Benjamin Turner to Mary E. Raymond,
eame; $10.
Harry H. Haynes (guardian estate of Leon
E. Gray, minor) to Emma G. Mentz. all Inter
est In lot on NW come- of Bancroft way and
Mary street. W 1.1ft by N r>0, lot 12. block 11,
McGee Tract. Berkeley; $725.
John and Ada M. Hlnkel to C. R. Gardellus.
lot on E line of Harper street. 135 N of Ashby
avenue. N 40 by E 122. block 10. mape of sub
division of block 10, map Central Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Susan E. Hewston (widow) to John Flster.
lot on W line of Shattuck avenue, 55 N of Em
erscn 3treet, W 103. N 50, E 10fi.lS. s 15.1*.
being N iwtlon of lot 25. block L. map of
Newbury Tract No. 1. Berkeley: grant.
Hetty T. Henshaw and William G. H*a
ehaw (as attorney) to Henry King. lot 8. .block
1. mar of Linda Park Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Joseph Westall to Ann McNamara (widow),
lots 18 to 21. block F. Laurel Grove Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Myron H. Fish,
lot on W line of Union street. 72 S of Alameda
avenue. S 37:6 by W lol. block 4, Bartlett
Tract. Alameda; $10.
Arthur M. and Mabel Brown to Robert L
Frier, lot on E line of Schiller street. 157 :« 3
of Railroad avenue, S 50 bv E 10K. Alameda;
110.
Elizabeth M. Frier (wife of R. L.) to Anni-»
M. Bacon, lot on S line of Eagle avenue, ai E
of Mlnturn street. E 30 by S 125. block 5<>. map
of property near Enclnal Station of Columbus
Bartlett. Alameda: gift.
Thomas P. and Richard B. Randolph (by
Columbus Bartlett. attorney) to Herbert B.
Blan&ing, lot on W line of St. Charles street.
223:2 S of San Antonio avenue, S 50 by W
126:5. Alameda: $ir,CO.
J. A. Furtado to Realty Syndicate, lot on
W line of Lusk street. 120 S of Rose Garland
way or Evoy avenue W 141 S X3S:Mk E 111.
N 145:2. Iot3 15 to 17. map White House Plat.
Oakland; $10.
Same, to same lot on N line of Thirty-sev
enth street 602 NW from W line of Market.
N'W, 3lX> by NE 326. being all plat A 1 map
with commissioners' report In partition por
tion property estate Mary Jane Evoy. No. 4C9R.
Oakland and Emeryville; also lot on W line
of Market street. 32t3 NE from N line of Thir
ty-seventh street. NE 339 by NW 225. belnsf
all plat A 2. same; also lot beginning at point
in N line boundary plat B 2. 173.38 NTV from
NW corner plat A 2. thence SW 412.C0. XW
154.S9. NE 200.51. NE 231. 4«. SE 13O.4*. be
ing all plat A 3. same; also lot beginning at
point In S boundary line plat C 2 110 NW
from NW corr.er plat A U thence NW 38. SW
142.07. SE »4.S4. NB 10.38. NE 14.13. NW
17.50. NE 17S. being E 3S feet plat A 4. same
map Oakland: $10
3. 3. and Maria M. Fit* to E. J. Shepari
son. lot on E line of San Pablo avenue SB.04
S of Thirty-first street. X 27.72. E 75. 4«. 3
25 W 63.5S. portion lot 4. block 2033. Rowland
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Peter L. and Helen A. Holland to Gottlieb.
and Lizzte D. Jung, lot on S Weston avenue.
now Thirty-eighth street. 30 E of Gold. S 120
by E 70. block C. map Broadway and Tele
graph Avenue Homestead. Oakland: $2700.
H. Graham (single) to Southern Pacific Com
pany (a corporation), lot on E line of Center
street 15S S of West Third. E 1«>:9 by S 25.
lot 16. block 450. subdivision block 450. Board
man's Map. Oakland: $100.
Peter and Dorthea Madsen to Carl and Maria
.Wlkander. lot on S line of Woolsey (Kent)
street. 130 TV" of Tremont. said beginning
point distant 129.2 TV of Tremont as said last
street Is now located and graded. TV 40. 3
100.35. NE 40.02. etc.. X 86.30.. portion lot» 3
and 4. block T. amended man Ne-arbury Tract
In plat 51 Rancho V. and I>. Peralta. Berke
ley: $10.
Lewis C. Harrnon (Jingle). Charles R. and
Margaret Harmon to Peter Madsen. lot on 9
line of Woolsey street 130 TV of Tremont.
point begiantns 123.2 W from W line of Tre
mont rtre«t as said atreet Is now located and
graded 8 06.30 NE 40.2. X 92.25. W 40, po
tion lots 2 and '3. block T. same map. Berks
ley: $10
Elvira M. Hubbard (widow) to S. Brotliar,
lot 23 blor-k 18. map North Alameda Tract.
formerly Valdex and Glaacocfc Tract, etc.. be
ing also lot.« 21 and 22 at said block, same,
Brooklyn Township; $1».
A. L or Andrew L. Whltinj to Ida R. Whit-
Ing, lots 1 and 2, map Toler Homestead Sub
division Brooklyn Township; gift.
Catherine Conway (widow) to Mary Elizabeth
Conway. lot C. block 12. map Alameda Park
Homestead Alameda: gift.
Sarah E Bancroft to H. P. Bancroft (hus
band) lots 2 to 9 block A lots 1. 2. 4 to IS.
block L. lots 2 to 16 block II. lots 1 to 14.
block O. lots 2 to 10. block N. map Alpine
Tract; also lota 1 to 30. block V. lots 1 to 24.
block W, lots 3 to 17. block X. lots 1 to 20.
block T. map Alpine Tract No. 3: al3o lot on
SE corner of Morgan or Fifty-second and Grove
streets thence E to TV line of Dover. S 110.
W to E line of Grove street. XW to begin
ning. Oakland: gift.
Mary A Rodgers (widow) to Neils P. and
Ellen Toft lot on S line of B street. 10S H
of Louise. E 25 by 8 100. lot F blocic 701.
map B-«treet subdivision Watts Tract. Oak
land: £10.
J. 8 and Clara Myers to Herman "Ko»«ig.
lot onSW line of Linda, avenue. 18-1.13 NW o.f
Glen areau*. being also N corner lot 4-"». Sff
to SW line said lot 4.1 SE 88. NE 1ST. 15 NW
4X13 being NW portion lot 4-1. map No. 2.
Gl»n"Eebo Tract, etc.. Oakland: $10.
E. J Klnsella to Nelson R. Degelman. lot
on X line of J«y street 173.49 E of Racine.
E 75 by X 100. lots 4 to 6. block F. mao re
rubdlrislon block* A to F as per man No. 3.
Roberts and Wolfsfclll Tract. Oakland : $10.
Edward C and Sarah T Roblncn to Frank
B. Cook. SE 127 feet of NE H of lot ». blr^lc
C map subdivisions 50 Associates Tract. East
Oakland: $10.
Annie E. Strtnmetz (married) to Guy How
ard Bailey, undivided 1-12 Interest in lot on
S line of Berkeley arenn* 3K> E of Piedmont
way. E 61 :C by S 102:5. lot 7. block E.
property Berkeley Homestead Association,
Berkeley: $37.
Jesse T>. and Lizzie K. Foster to Frank .?*.
Bunker- lot on S line «f ITniversit.v nvenue. 2Cr>
E of Grove street E SO bv S irr7:0. lot 2.
Wock A. map block A. Twltrhell Tract. Berke
ley; $10. '
Gl»nnl« Davles (single) to John Petch. lot
on E line of Marv street. 17!> 8 of Addiinn S
33:4 by E 130. block 1. man McGee Trart.
, portion plat (77. e»c. Berkeley; Sin.
Michael CatuiMch (.s'ngle) t<» Le-rl J. Morin
i (single), lot on SE corner rrf Frtnce sf«et a«d
"Stanford avenue row Adeline street. E $0.19.
S 100. W 129.3O. N 1H.4O. lots « an.1
0. block Q atne/nded man Xe-wbnrv- Tr*ct in
plat M Ranchos V. and X>. Peralta. Berke
ley: *IO
L«vi,J. Moran (single) to J. R. TVaterbury
(xuarrled).- eame. Berkeley; $10.
Mary I. Dnjmmond Cslnele) to' Tfrff— a K.
Xelsoa 'stxwfe). lot 5 block B. am»n<Jed map
.Lorta Heights Tract. Berkeley; $10,
- - - i ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; DECEMBER 17, 1903.
15
REAL ESTATE— CITY- — FOK SALE.
W. J GUNnT~ ~~530 California st!
(Savings Union Building.)
Only $1750 — On sunny side of Union st. ; grand
marine view; lot 25x100; very cheap;. easy
payments; only $100 first payment. ' ¦
$50u0 — Two-story residence; 7 rooms, bathroom,
basement: lot 25x100: built 3 years ago;
north of Broadway; fine marine view; can
arrange for easy payments; like paying
rent until paid for; west of Fillmore; a
bargain. , ; . , . ,
?26?5 — On sunny side of Union; choice lot;
37:6x100; fine marine view lot; only $150
firFt payment; Just the location for flats;
will advance the money to build for
buyer.
$3300 — A business corner on Webster; 25x110.'
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
$1100 — COTTAGE of 5 rooms', 2718 Diamond
«t.; Vi block of Guerrero-st. cars; rente for
$12 per month.
2 lots en Buena Vista ave.. $125 each.
1 let on California ave., $500; terms. "•
D. COFFIN & CO.. 8303 Mission st.
5 COTTAGES on Pctrero ave.. 801 to 812, as
a r.hole cr in subdivisions; lot 120 feet front,
100 <leeD: in sood condition; 5 rooms, bath
and bns-m»»nt. Owner 2300 Leavenworth st.
$450 — NEW botta*e. 3 rooms, neer Folsom cars.
$700 — Cottage, 3 rooms, hard finished. .
Mission Realty Co., 2 Twenty-ninth st.
• BUILD en your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Iniprov. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$1400- -CLIPPER St.; cottage, i rooms: 3 attics;
high basement. J. STBAUB. G30 Market st.
BARGAIN* — Fine, new C-room cottage; !arge
basement; $3500. Owner. 078 Oth ave.. nr. C.
LOTS N or S side ef Golden Gate -Park, ; pur-'
chased. by W. J. GtJXN. 530 California st.
PLUMBING in all its branches: jobbing. AHlJ-
BACH-& MAYER. P]urhb?rs. S3'i Howard.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Snle>.
71S ACRES near May.ield. 11 miles from* San
Jose: '1M) acres full bearing prunes; 'large,
vineyard; all good land; water .piped every-
where; immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses. stahlf-F, barns, etc.; fenced in 5 fields;
cc.Ft $160. C00: pric* $50,000. THORNB &
KILPATR1CK, 312 Bush St.. San Francisco.
[$10,000^30 ACRES of fine i level land near
Redwood City, in Ban Mateo County; ¦ 9-
room nous:. 2 barns, well and ¦ windmill,
large orchard, etc. Apply at 119 • Tenth- at.'
FOR SALE or exchange— Farm 45 'acres, im-
proved; creek of water; hill land;' some level
land; 4 miles east of. Naoa. , Apply to R.
HOCKEN, Napa. Price. $2500. V .'
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. . -, f
; $200 trcfifper annum per acre. '' '¦
1 Write for booklet. It's free. «03 J «_ ..•
j WRIGHT & KIMBROCGH. Sacramento, CaL
ALFALFA lands, stock, ranches.' orchards. !
vineyards; insr«cte<j bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER COV&iS
Market st. ' • • " ¦'.'...
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for ranches
not too far out. R. C. LASSEN & CO., 46t5
Tenth St.. Oakland. CaJ.
FOR exchange— About 25 canaries; will take
typewriter. Box 48S5. Call office.
BERKELEY ADYERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2<X:0 — 5 R.; street work done: Oregon et.
$2Cr.O— 0 r. and b. ; lot 50x185: Hearst ave.
: $2750—5 r. and b.; new; lot 40x135; 1 block
: station.
$2250 — 5 r. and b. ; lot G0xl20; near college;
easy terms.
! $1500— Cor. lot on Walnut St.; 140x135; fine
j view.
; $400 — Let 40x135:1 block car line; easy terms.
$200— Lot 40x130; $10 per month.
$200 — Acre lot; 1-3 cash, balance 1 and 2
years. CHENEY & BERRY,
!.. P. O. block, Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
CHICKKN RANCH.
$750 cash, monthly installments as desired:
well equipped chicken ranch; cottace of 3
rooms, stable, shed, chicken houses. Al
tiroodinc-house. brooderles; 2 tiptop incubu-
tors. 25'J and 350 capacity; 12 lots, 150x256;
all fenced and cross-fenced; new buggy; use
of horse, farming implements, etc.; 50 Al
laying h*nE; plenty of excellent water:
about 30 young fruit trees: first-class sandy
loam garden soil; away from tpgs and harsh
winds: adjoinlne East Oakland: near good
school and close to main boulevard; inore
¦ than a good living Is here right now; call
and let us show you this fine bargain; price
In all $1800; call or send for circular: 455'
7th st.. opposite Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. 'JONES, owner.
BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lots. Includ-
tne all kinds of flowers and shrubbery: will
b-jild to suit. Box 854. CaH office Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth st. ; sunny
¦ suites and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAXD FCR.MTURE FOK SALES.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains Ir. furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL i ESTATE.
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 32S Bush et.. third
floor, room 4. '
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice, large, front room, suit-
able for light housekeeping; also single.
KEARNY 101— Sunny front suite and kitchen,
$20; range; bathf adults.
KNICKEKBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine
St., near Hyde: apartments all taken; call
and lea ve orders for reserves.
MCALLISTER. 538 — Sunny furniFhod suit?;- gas
range; hot bath; laundry; adults; $15.
NINTH. 157 — Two sunny housekeeping rcoms;
nicely' furnished; reasonable.
POLK. 612 — $14; bedroom and kitchen; ga"s
Ftove; hot baths; no children.
POLK. 1020. near Geary — Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SUMNER, 22-»-2 sunny front rooms, unfur-
nished.
TEHAMA, 32fl — 3 nice large sunny housekeep-
ing rooms: hot and cold water and station-
ary wash tubs; also single rooms.
APARTIg-Jirr gQTTBES.
MbNTCLAlR APARTMENTS,
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON &. HOAG. lltf Montgomery.
THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkin rts — Modern 3-4-5-room
¦up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. LOUIS. • 1575 Jackson Ft.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view; now open; references. '
HADDON HALL.
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES. >
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom Bts. — New
house, new furniture: every room outside;,
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity: : first-class grill attached.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St. — Rooms
25c to $1 p*r night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
. light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ,
ASHWORTH, 320 Mason St., bet/ Geary and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market '(old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; al-w unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Slegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ,
EDDY. 827%— Nicely furnished front room;
- piano; grate; reasonable. ¦ k' - .
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. G. G. ave. — Front room;
sunny;- all conveniences; suitable for 2: reas.
GRAND Southern, "th and Mission— Rooms 50c
: to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HAIGHT, 228— Euite sunny rooms, also -1 or 2
¦ other rooms; rent $C each; gas, bath.
LAGUNA and McAllister, Et. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. - - - - • •.
LARCHMONT. 301 Sutter— Sunny rooma; elec-
tric lights; elevator;: central;' transient. "*>
LARKIN, 81CB— Small, light room, large hall,
closet, bath ana ; Dhcsae ;. reasonable." ;
NATOMA, 2S2H. near. Fourth— r2 unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rent $<J. : > — . -____'_ ; ,
MTTSICAL IXSTRtfaiKXTS.
A^_^r^piic7Air^^TGii?^rA^o^3Air
GAINS:
Collard. $:i5; Emerson. $05; FI!sher, $70;
Miller, $170; Chlckering. $167; American,
JIC5; Heine. (ZX; Haynen. $150; Steinway.
? JSw; Strinway. large style. $325, and fifty
ethers. K'r.tt. $2 up; Installments. Jl up.
KEIXE PIANO CO.. 2-'!5-237 Geary street;
I Oaklard branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. bldg.
THE holidays are close at hand and all who
cont<n;plate selecting a piano are advised to
select th;* week so as to avoid the delay ol
I rush week. A email payment down will se-
cure the instrument and delivery can be
made when you with: $150 upward is all you
ac-4 ;>ay. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MCS1C
COMPANY. 7CJ Market St.
WE r«*nt the best piano in the city for $3 per
month; we allow six months' rental and
cartage <$20) off purchase price, thus giving
you a six months' trial of 1h» instrument for
nothing; oor terns and j-rlces cannot be
«-<4-ja!ed in San Francisco.
SCOTT-Ci;RTAZ PIANO CO.. 6fO-C4 Hayes «t.
A FINE let of second-hand uprights from $50
uji. including fuch makes as Chlckering. Vose,
Kroeger, Curtar. Kirkhem. Pease. Hardman.
MaiFhall & Wendell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CCRTAZ & SON*. 16 OFarrell St. No
branches in San Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed etor-
•ce planes and furniture selling to pay stor-
• j;e: dirt cheap. Storage. 1G38
Market et. Open evenings. ,
BAND instruments: F. liesson. Paris, maker;
G\:f Maiw-alu. Agt. Tac. Coast, 27S O'Farrell;
skillful r*Tair!n»;N2d-ha.nd instruments' eold.
j $1CO— FINE bright cost $400, for sale: $5 in-
stallment. 13C9 Gonxh St., near Geary.
i $G5— UFRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 21G McAllister st.
I ALMOST cheaper then firewood; storage pianos
& furniture. TCiG Market st. Oi>en <venings.
ALMOST new upright: cheap; eesh or install-
ment. SCHM1T7. & CO.. 16 McAlllntr st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedol Stein way upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeft*e's.2S5 O'Farrell.
j SOHMER, Byron Mauiy piano?. CeeiHaa piano"
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-"12 Post St.
! SUPERIOR vlolir.F. xifners. old and new. IE
ML'LLEFJ. makej, repairer, 2 Latham place.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Jl! pag* 1 ! 5 . in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. SO DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made r r ''"' s to since
Jan. 1. 1903, and for the ensuing 30 days only.
I will make a liberal reduction from all prices
for my special deep wrinkle treatment.
The Jady vho has been on exhibition in the
drug store windows may be seen at my office ;
this week from 10 to 5, in order to aceommo- ;
date those who have requested to examine the
: face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
Tfcl O'Farrell St.. near Larkin. Call or write
for book explaining method.
BARONS CIX5AK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies steadily employed can have
I Bsron's cloak», suits, furs and tailor-made'
I suits to or/ier, on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON. 762
Market St.
THE Star Hair P.emedy restores gray hair, i:r>-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no- stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp; at druggists', hairdressers; ac-
crt no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 150O Mission St., ccr. 11th.
j NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVAX8>, agent. 1021 Market ft.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per- I
' manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove ru«», £ilk portieres; dealer ;n
carpet twine. In honk or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 7C0 Fifth St., Oakland.
1 DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases- positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1S3U Polk lit. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.'. 9^7 Mar-
ket 5t.. room 203; phone South 751.
AT less than ccst, uncalled for suits, overcoats.
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on ea*y installments; 50 cents
end up p^r week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
) ket ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
j DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday," Sun-
day t-vgF.. Teutonia Hall, Howard st., nr.
Oth; Prof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
Ben Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
6t. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm 44.
FINE genuine diamonds, watches.Jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. RItter, 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week!
Neuhaus St Co., merch. tailors, 727-72D Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair 4: moles removed by elec-
tric rrcedle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE euit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to^its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trlc reedle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
rlst: r-alm r»-a'llnes $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 130 Pest St.
MMK. NEERGAARD'S cla*s in palmistry be-
gins Dec. 1, S p. m. 212 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLT. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phont Black 561.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
1<5 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
PAPERHAXG1XG, 1*AIXTIXG, ETC.
CALL at C27 Turk st. or phone Sutler 154 for
paperhangin.. painting and paper cleaned.
Papering; reasonable ratts; tinting, painting.
; Hartmann Paint Co.. :ilfl 3d; tel. Main 413.
PHVSICIAXS AXD SUKGE0.\S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office arid~resfdence
1021 4 Market *i.. bet. Cth and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. \~-
BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073K Market st. *]"
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor
treats an diseases of the human body for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at <C7 Geary st.. near Learenworth.
DR. TOKO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tti. herb doctor, cures all disease* of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, "18 Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
•• PROPOSALS.
BIDS will be received by the Uniform Board,
National Guard of California, at the office
of the Adjutant General. Sacramento. Cal..
up to noon of December IS. 1903, for furntah-
ing and delivering 374O dress coats and 3340
<*aps, new regulation, for the National Guard
of California. Forms of bids ami all in-
formation connected therem-lth ' can be ob-
tained on application to Lieutenant Colonel
FRED J. H. RICICON'. Div. Q. M.. recorder
of the board, room 236. Phelan building. San
Francisco. Cal. • . .
PROPOSALS for railroad construction bids will
be rtceived until 12 o'clock ttoon, Jan. 2.
1904, st the office of Tonopah Mining Com-
pany Butler postofflce. Kev.. for -the con-
struction of the. Tonopah railroad from
Rhodes. Nev.. to Tonopah. Nev.. distance ap-
proximately sixty miles; plans, specifications,
profile, etc.. can be seen at the office of the
chief engineer at Tonopah.
TVPEWR1TERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN 'exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No~l
Smith - Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hlghrr and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California «t.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. i M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
cctnery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, . rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co..'5CS Market.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
XKW HOME sewing machine; this- wef-k only;
$10. $15. $20; slightly used ;' needles 20c doz.
«£W fiOJIB S. M. CO., 1061 Market bu r .
MEDICAL. •
SIRS. TJ}. WTETH. specialist for all female
romp' a in is; in^tpnt relief guaranteed; 30
y&z*a' oxj»»'ricnce; removed to 820 Post et.
MRS 1)H. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
nr.le tnriblps snJ irregularities: Instant rf--
I* .1 Eua-.sinteed. 1OG6>£ Market St.. opp. 5th.
V.LPEACS female pill?;. best regulating pills
¦-•o'd; jtt'.rc fi r,i» by express. Paoteur's
'STlQr* aniJ tablets; price $5. By express
rnly or rer-elr* of price. OSGOOD BUOTH-
KKS. wholesale druggist*. Seventh and
Bro»"«ray. Oakland.
DH. G.~\v, ODONNELL— All who are sick or
In ' rocWe consult this F*peciailct en female
cor nrtsirns : positively con reeled; the ur.fortu-
__ je help'*'!; th<> most difficult oases treated:
ar" vive free. Office. 1018 Market ft.
Dr.. Good via, 723 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
¦n obstetrics, female complaints; last! relief;
treatment ?1 (> : hours, 10 to 8; 25 > ear 5_5_ xp t!'
XR& iv ' ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
*}w<sltF5 : e rrivat* home before snd during
ccnfrr:<"r» > ni : tx-si medical care: lew i>es.
A _s_ter_tty <ri_a: private: eecluiW; d-nfl<len-
tial. Pr. E. Funke. 141U Eighth Ft.. Alameda.
. DR. ROSEN recipes 2895 Folsom St.. corner
JCih; iar;:es. relief or no tf*-; $1°.
DR anTM"RS~DAVIES andlilNDOO HF.RB5;
original method of treatment. 112ft MaiK»t ft.
ejM_~ SCO iTOTf K-EE 3U> Powell St.. opposite
Vnion fgnar>; all dfeasry by herbs.
MISraLXAXEOl S— FOU SALE.
B r 'lIXRS.~< :icir.<-R. Sd-b-t-J machinery. McIN-
TO?H A WOLPMAN. lf«r.-197 Fremont ft.
x>oes yoi:k rioor leak?
R.-I»ir it wftta eU'-erite: in ro'.ls *»ty to lay;
needs no ptmtmir <>r coating; good over eld
ir .n tin or Fhlnclff; best for new roo.s.
ELATEOITE R'.hjFING CO.. 713 Market t-t.
KnCEIFTS 'or nifns- any commercial article in
procer*. funOr^s and drug lints; «ora« oi rncst
pueeestfui ra'.rs. use receipts; prices de-
pend open reootpMi wanted. R. T. ROYAL
CO, Mfp. Ohm Jets'. Denver, Colo.
ID-HANI* :r.ach:afry, boilers, engine?, pumps.
p«4*i<iys, shaftrng;. etc.. etc. bought, sold,
reri'aed tm<l rxx h*rt£e<2 ; see Punday papers.
H. S. WHJXl- M'OHY CO.. 130-J32 Beale st.
A/'TOMOB__ES— White Stsr.hPpe. )303 mod«l;
csa carry foyr; fine condition; basket, etc.; a
bargain; coet *1400; will sell J700. Address
"Axtto," box. 3185. Call office.
. J»OJi the holidays— 75 choice purkllng pies; 15-
2_ lbs. ; . Jrt-csed and delivered. 16c 5b.
CVTRISTOVER STAEHLE, Visitation Valley,
«-!t\ .
Ay-Fir;*- Tits. ?7 T.0; dress par.ts, $2 50. Ori*'.-
' r.al '•:¦*!• Clothing Parlor*. 23S Kearny et.,
near B-ff-h; cpen to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — Buy*, sells or rent? gear machinery, en-
giae: b rjoilors. water pir>*. shaftinr, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. _53-255 gpear st.
TYr*T;WRlTEIiS. slightly used, sold at cost;
nerv IL'nilerTi'c-oa: visible typewriter catalog
«r:t fir*. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TFT oer men's shoes-at $1 and $1 50 pair;
Voot-fonr, shoe* at $2 B0; we pay express
cfcercee. 11 3d M.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
'JLLTERATION sale— Best J2 50 hats, Jl 50.
Popular Trioe Hatter, 330 Beamy «.. near
Tint; cp*n to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon. J
T>I?POtlNG rf Wltte gas «r.g1nes; 2 H. P.. 20 |
? H. r. ; attractive pries. The Tracy Engi-
T*f"-rinK Co.. 381 Fremont Ft., f. F.
—L'.LOH' cow tor sale. 453 Fairmount ave..
Oakland.
JSOUK £<wl eecaBd4l_s4 ?a«:o!ine e:ig:n»s. 1 to
12 H. P . cheap K. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
EAE-TXO *rk for husting and fishing. 32S
Bjph stj. third floor, room 4.
rj.V'j fteorr. automobile; first -claps running cr-
d- r. V/. V.. 520 Lyon st.. tan Francisco.
61 • " ia? chines cheap; Chicago**, Twentieth
Ce_t-x'e«. l^icks. BACIGALUP1. 'J33 Merket. !
T)i:. c K3 sr.<l safes; sec the corhpWe line at ISIS
Mad.et. ab. Van Ners. RICHARDSON BROS.
Prinr 4 r^ office, 3 C.&P. pretseci. motcr. cutter.
tJT.x-, fixtuie*; dclng good business. 2SS<5, Call.
54 FE£— »u ; ar.d s«ond"hand~fHE~HER-
MANN" SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
-v VKP.Y i,np djarr.cnd heart for f210 at V.*. J.
i..'i>t::als. 10 sixth m. |
rvE>'." :m<i fpcon'i-hand machinnry of all kinds, j
K^O'JII MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st. '
_I« 1 VINO ;>it:ur?s, tnapic lantern*. r&\v, rental;
b2!Ta:r.s. Builard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILl-J tj{ i ;p* tirA fittir.K5; all fizes. EU-
\OEX~: HILET & SONS. 1C3 Vailejo st.
SAIT>-Nfv. r-r.d fpr^ni-hand. E. B. BECK
fc CO.. 122 Market st.
AT fcarKrp.ns^arr.r 1 f'oois and chairs; hammocks,
rr.etal beds.matuessoF. J.F.Hotter,712 Missioa.
K^:sc:i phor.oerarhs, r«-cords. supplies, moving
picture n-.Eerun.r-. filrr.B. Baciral.pi. 933 Mkt.
OAfOLINE entires, automobiles anJ launches; j
all ¦•**<". J. E. DOAK. ¦i'i Fremont st.
J_BKr*_3T prices on second-hand typewriters; all
__ r^kes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Momg'y.
' A BRANCH cTSce of TT.e Cail for the^ec7ption
<at advertisements and FubscripUons ha? been
opened at 1'JOS Market tt., opposite Fifth.
Opfn until 11 p. m.
MISCEJ.LANEOIS WANTS.
"WANTED — To rest a howl In a trood~country
to*n. Particulars box 21Kj, Call.
Ef.»OKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
11 ti* Market gt.; phene Jessie 3741. or postal.
1 PAY highest prices for alt kinds of caet-oft
clothing ; send portal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
WANTED — A email tcrew cutting lathe and a j
motor to run it. Box 4SS1. Call office.
MOTOR. 2 h. p., a!»i stitching machine wanted
Bex r>770. Call office.
TILTON wants pood seeend-hand clothing and
theatrical gQ'-'ds. 154 &th gt.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
?AA— HERMAN ML'RTHY,'
«01-tt02-€03 Examiner buUdlng.
Quick settlements: no diBappointnirnt.
Eave expenses by pealing directly.
EFtat*«. *etond mortgeces, undivided .'.nter-
•«ts, asiisnments of rrnts. property In trust,
•?tc; leracies. life f5t«t«s and undivided in-
- terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly^ccufldential.
When You Need Monev
Pee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
remcuaj; to penaanect salaried people on
their note without security or knowlejjre of
employer; lowest rates; no commltsion. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO., CS and 63 Donoboa
bundles, 1170 _Iarket et.
ETVJCTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur- I
nlture. pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TKUET CO.. r. 1G. Phelan bid.. t«l. Mala 704.
JJONET loaried to f.alaried peop'.e. ;-^tail mer-
chants, vean-.tters. boardinff-nouses. without
k security ; easy payments; largest business la
48 principal cities. Tciaisn. 553 Pairctt bids.
HJXJHLT resiwctable prh-ate place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamonas. Jewelry, at
2 per c*nt interest. Baldwin Jewelry Stare.
646 Market; tel. Main 1&44. Branch. l» Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no ccffiralssion. r.o publicity ,$25 up; quick
private. cor.nOntlal. 2<i Montgomery, ra. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Otact ar«.,
LOANS FROM Jl TO (10.UM
ilONEY to loan en low interest: gold, silver,
6Munon£s. pearlc and precious «tun?» bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth su
NEW tasy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Cunopar.y. room* 4S-48. Chrcnicle bldg.
TO salaried p«ople without security: en furni-
ture; Indorsed notes end other security. S. F.
Discount AteacT. 143 Fhelan building.
AT lowest rates en furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; so commission :installmeutt accepted
BONELLI. SOI Eddy. Conservatory bplldlrig.
'ALL loses on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collater— I Loan Hank. 539 Kearny.
OPEN Credit A_s"n. loans on ealarVs conflden-
tially; new. simple plan. Room 50. Slif Market.
3% ON r-rclture & piaros; 915 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. rocm 61. 6 Eddy it.
1 PER cert on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savlnrs B&sk bldg.. 70S Market st.
STAR Lean Co. of Wyoming loan* money to
-salaried employes. R. SU. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH losned salaried people on r.ote* without
infiorter. MORELL, 600 ExamlnT building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS nares. In wrapper, for matlinr. fl t>w year.
K MOXEY WA\TED.
A— 5 PER. CENT MONTHLY
On ini-e*tm«-rts of JiOO and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" •swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme. . but a reputable, established
business enterprise '" Hin Francisco; cleared
fd.two Izft y«-«r on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20.0<jO to enlarge the plant; call or
write Jor partlcoiar*.
OEf-MAAXA INVEST, CO., ©27 Market »W ,
¦
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
NINTH, 119 (Gillespie) — Nicely furnished rooms j
$150 to ?2 50 per wetk; 50c to 75c per night.
O'FARRELL. 739-r-Handsomely furnished",
large, -sunny. room; phone, bath; private fami-
ly ; references. .\ ¦.
POLK. 823 — Best furnished rooms in the city
for the money: single or en suite; everything
new and plenty of sunshine; terms very rea-
sonable; only 10 minutes' walk to Powell
¦' and Market sts.
POWELL. 317— Sunny front suite for doctor or
dentist;- also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL Houee, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
•reading-room, smoking-room' and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to ?3O; elevator on ground
floor, rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 2S6— The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
THE FREMONT. 1RC4 MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. O. H. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES. T2.J Eddy, near Market — »00
rooms :J3c to ? 1 night. $1 75 to ?S week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-rcom; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences. •
WASHINGTON. 1402— Nice, sunny, furnished
room; private family; with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
•¦* 35c' to ?1 50 niffht; $2 rfo *3 week; elevator;
elec., lights; reading- rctom; free bue; baggage.
subscriptions received at
i CaH. Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
"received at Call Branch office, 2200 Fill more.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
mibscrlptlors, has been established ', at 109(J
Valencia st. " ' •
' ROOMS AXD BOARD,
A^ A/VV ~^K)TEL BALTIMPReT^
. .VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLANV -.
¦ PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708. '
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
• HOT- AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BT-THE MONTH.
; .MUNGER & ZEDERG, ¦¦PRQPRIETOR3.
A HOTEL HATTON —
. — -S. E. COR. PINE. AND 4 TAYLOR
'•"This new and rustic constructed hotel is slt-
,-uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
¦s,,be handsomely furnished throughout,' with all
the. very latest conveniences: will be ready
' "for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
¦ibernade on premiss dally;.. -. .'., ';
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS. ;..' ~~
.. MANHATTAN- HOTEL. 1704 Market St.— A
.-'strictly flrst-class family and tourist hotel of
"'¦ unquestioned - respectability. American plan.
A fHE DRESDEN ; /.
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON.BET. BRODERICK AXD BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location in
rcodern. elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
FAMILY boarding-house. 1070 Valencia; first-
class board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Nest
av6.. has cnanged hands: hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel: table board specialty.
A THE NIARA. 615 TAYLOR ST. —
SUNNY FRONT SUITES WITH BOARD.
Stevenson mansion. S07 California — Fine rms;
new chefs; colored service^ table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 30S — Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family: $6 per week. :
ROO3IS AND BOARD \VA.\TED,
BOARD and two rooms. for mother and son;
refined surroundings;' must , be reasonable.
SPECIAL. A'OTICES.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SPECIALISTS^
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new riicthod; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 20i Sutter st.
STORAGE -AND... WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & -Van, Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex\ 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
¦ PACIFIC Storage .and Furniture Moving. Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTCRIXG AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
In ev<«»y case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home' cure.
LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Frank J. Nunes, 24, 1C2 Thirtieth street, and
Esther L. Juzlx, IS. .238 Corbett avenue.
Thomas A. DaviesA 35. 1000B Golden Gate
avenue, and Anna M. Denny, 29, 123 Belve-
dere street.
Patrick H. MuHane, 24, 38 Belcher street,
and EJia Sullivan, 22, 12CV& Liberty street.
Janus El. Ssillane, 27, city, and L. Ducker,
27, city.
Clarence R. Lenox. 25, Oakland, and Viola
M. Thomson, 20, city. ¦
Frank Morchio, 21, 723 Union street, and
Elizabeth A. Dennis, 21, 708 Montgomery st.
Charles L. McPike, 28, 2D25 California
street, and Mary Margaret Carroll, 22, »94
Pine street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marrlaEe and death notices seat by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication offices and be
indorstd with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
? BORN.
CHARCHO— In this city, December 16, 1903.
to. the wife of S. J. Charcho, a daughter.
GRAY— In South Berkeley, December 2, 1903,
to the wife of C. Gray, a daughter.
WEBSTER — In this city, December 11. 1003,
¦' ¦ to the wife ' of James S. Webster Jr. (nee
Morton), a son.
MARRIED.
BERGSTROM— REILLY— In Oakland. Cal.,
December 7, 1903, by the. Rev. E. R.' Dille,
George H. Berrstrom and Josephine Rellly,
both of Sari Francisco.
KENNETH— TIPPETT— In Oakland. Cal.. De-
¦ cember 15. 1003, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. DUle,
George Wentworth Kenneth of San Fran-
cisco and Flora Atwell TiDpett of Oakland.
BTROM— SWEGGAN— In this city, December
14, 1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, • Johann
• Strom and Mrs. Matilda SweEgan.
TIETJEN— DJiEYER— In this city, December
»,, 1003, hy the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John O.
,D. : Tietjefc and Bertha Dreyer. .
_____ _________
Avery. Franklin McAvoy, Margaret
Boyer. Charles C. Markey, Walter G.
Bradley, Thomas . Meyers, Anne .
Bunker, Paul " * Morris, Roea ' .
¦ - Carroll, Charles E. Nfew, Mary
Cereghino. Joseph ; Person Charles R.
Daly, John Poroblch. Milan
Edelsten, Maggie Riley, Edward
Fischer, Conradlne Roche, Elise S,\
Frerichs. Elizabeth Scherle, Mrs.. Anna
Goodsejl. De-Courcy Schwartz, r Henry -
Granfleld, Delia *- Sheehan, Timothy
Gray, Margaret S. . Smith. Edward L. i
- Haffey, Thomas Sommers, , Sophie S.
- Hamilton. John W. Waldheimer.- Jacob
Keane, -Josephine .V. -Williams, Enoch F."
Krel, Adolph .
•AVERY— In Oakland, December 15. ; 1903,
Franklin Avery, beloved , husband of Abby
¦ Avevy, - father of ' Edna and - A. G. Avery,
and brother of Ira Avery of Newcastle,
Placer County, Cal., A.' YW- Avery of Oak-
land and Mrs. -A. J. Frost of Minneapolis,
• illnn.. a native, of . Maine, aged -63 - years.
BOYER — In this • city, December 15.* 1903.
¦ Charles ,C.,- beloved- husband of Josephine
Boyer, son of Carrie and , the late ¦ James
Boyer, and brother of ; Elizabeth Boyer. of
New York, a natlv» of Iowa, aged 41 : years
5 months and 2-1 days. •' "- , 'vHCBCng
• fSTFriends and acquaintances: are respect-
- fully invited to attend 'the funeral services*
to-day (Thursday), at' 2:30 o'clock, at the
Hall of Court. Advocate, "A. O. ,F... Fraternal.
Hall, Washington street, between Thirteenth
'and- Fourteenth, Oakland. Remains' at the
chapel of, Charles H.-'J. Truman St. Co.. 1B0U
MlMion •, BtretU between ... Fifteenth and Six--
j 'teenth. Interment : Mountain *Vlew Cemetery.
BRADLEY— In this city, December 15, ' 1903,'
'Thomas Bradley, nephew of Hugh McCafferty
and the late Matthew McCafferty, a native of
Londonderry, aged 43 years.
BUNKER— In Amltyville, N. Y.. December
15, 1903. Paul, beloved husband of Caroline
S. Bunker,, and son of the late Matthew and
Mary Bunker, aged 44 years.
CARROLL— In this city, December 15, 1903,
Charles E-. beloved husband of Belle B. Car- i
-.roll, father of Ethel B., Maud. Albert, Ray-
" moncl, Everitt and Elmer .Carroll and the
.late /fetta Carroll, brother of Alice McGown
'.-, and/Arthur Carroll of San Jose, and son of
Charles E. and Nancy B. Carroll Sr., a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 45 years 8
months and 4 days. A member of Bernal
Lodge No. 19. A. O. U. W. - .
CXFrlends an(J acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
at 10:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 11
Liberty street, thence by electric funeral car
from corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemftery. I
CEREGHINO— In this city, December 14, 1903.
Joseph, dearly beloved son of' Carlo and
- Giovanna CereEhino, and beloved brother of
Louisa Cereshino and the late Giovanni,
Glambatista-and Luigi Cereghino. a native .
of Italy, aged 2C years and 24 days.
icyFrlendis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 17, at 10 o'clock, from his late
| residence, 3392 Mission street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth and
.Church streets, where a requiem hich mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment -Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
DALY— In Healdsburg, Cal.. December 14,
11)03, John, beloved husband of Mary Daly,
and beloved brother of Peter, • Patrick and
the late Thomas V. Daly, a native of County
Cavan. Ireland.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tq-day
(Thursday), at "10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland,
by 11 o'clock creek boat.
EDELSTEN— In this city. December 15, 1903,
Maggie, beloved wife of the late Ernest Edel-
sten. mother of Ernestine and Olive Edel-
sten. daughter of Mrs. Jane Baker, and sis-
ter of .Marv H. Klrchner. Mrs. C. G, Barr
and Jennie Akranius, a native of Illinois,
aged 32 years 1 month and 12 days. •
E^Funeral and interment private.
FISCHER— In this city, December 1«, 1903.
fonradlne Fischer, beloved wife -of George
H. Fischer, and mother of Mrs. Louis Hlntze
of Alameda, Mrs. Louis Aaron and the late
f Mrs. Lizzie Oakley, a native of Germany,
aged 59 years 3 months and 23 days. j
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. December 18, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
FRERICHS— In Los Gates, December 15, 1903,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of H?nry Frerichs,
daughter of Mrs. Henry Schneider, and sis-
ter- of Otto and Edwin Durr, a native of
Germany, aged 'f 20 years. : ¦
E?" Friends arid acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, in the
chapel in Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GOODSELL— In this city, 'December 14, 1903,
De-Courcy M. Goodsell, father of Mildred, L.
Goodsell a native of New York, aged S3
years.
E7"Funeral services will be held to-day,
December 17, 1003. at 2 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Morlah Lodge
..No. 44, F. and A. M.
GRANF1ELD— In this city, December 14. 1903,
Delia, dearly beloved wife of John Gran-
field, daughter of Michael and Rachel Hayes,
and sister of J. O., Charles, Harry and
James Hayes, Mrs. May Laughlin and Mrs.
J. Laskie, a native of Los Angeles, aged 21
years. • . ..-.¦¦
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a reouiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
• Ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
- , Cemetery.
GRAY— In this city, December 15, 1903, JUar-
. garet SDencer Gray, sister of James Mulll-
kln, and aunt of Herbert and Grace Mulli-
kin, a native of Missouri, aged 55 years.
HAFFEY— In 'Los Angeles, December 14, 1903,
Thcmas, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Catherine HarTey, and beloved brother of
James, Edward. William, Hugh. Mary' and
Margaret Haffey, a native of San Francisco,
- aged 2<J years.', - ¦*
It~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
¦4 of McFadden. McBrearty fc Green. H71 Mis-
-sion street, between Seventh and Elghtri.
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In this city. December 14, 1903,
John W., beloved husband of Dora M. Ham-
ilton, and father of Mrs. G. • G. Graham,
Mrs. G. S. McFee, T. M. Hamilton and Mrs.
M. V. Higgins. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 60 years. ¦
lETFnends are Invited to attend the fu-
» neral services Thursday, December 17, at 3
o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
KEAXE— In this city, December 15, 1903. Jo-
sephine Viola, beloved daughter of Martin
S. and the late Margaret Keane, and sister
of Martin F. Keane, a native of Alameda
County, aged 5 years and 2 months.
IC~The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence,
of the parents. 116 Morris avenue, between
Fifth and Sixth, Bryant and Brannan streets.
•Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
KREI— In this city. December 15, 1903, Adolph
Krcl. a native of Germany, aged 30 years.
C7 Friends and members of the Workmen's !
Sick and Death Benefit Society and members '
of the Socialist Maennechor are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral of our late
comrade, Adolyh Krel, at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., . 1137 Mission street, between
i Seventh and Eighth, to-day, at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. • F. Cemetery. ' •
McAVOY — la this city, December 16. 1903,
Margaret McAvoy, widow of the late Wil-
' Ham McAvoy, a native of Windsor, Nova
Scotia, aged 75 years and 5 months.
D'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Catht-dral. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
MARKEY— In this city, December 16. 1903,
Walter G. Markey, a native of Scotland,
aged CC years.
MEYERS— In this city, December 15. 1903.
Anne, belovtd wife of the late Henry Mey-
ers, and mother of M. S. Johnston," a native
of Ireland. ¦
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 57B Liberty street, off Castro,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first, thence
to the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment private in Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MORRIS — In this city. December 16. 1903,
Rosa Morris, beloved wife of Abraham. Mor-
I ris. devoted mother of Frances. Retina and
David Morris, daughter of Mrs. . D'. Gall,
and sister of Mrs. H. Friedlander of Ash-
burton, New Zealand, and Julius Gall, a na-
' tive of Germany, aged 60 years.
IT—TFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
• FriJay, December 18. 1U03. at 9:30 o'clock,
at her late residence. 2015 Bash strtet, thence
to Eiehteenth and Guerrero streets to elec-
tric car. . . Interment Salem Cemetery. Please
, omit flowers.
NEW— In this city, ? December 16, 1903, Mary
New, *belpved wife of the late George New,
a native of Roscrea, County Tlpperary, Ire-
land, aged 73 years.
CTriepds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Cerew & Enrllsh, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence t6 St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
. emn requiem high mass will be '¦. celebrated
' for the repose of her soul, commencing at U
" o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PERSON— In this city, December 15, 1903,
Charles R. Person, son of Walter and Eliza-
beth. Person, deceased, and nephew of -Mrs.
Mary A. Freeman and the late James R. and
P. T. - Phillips, '¦ a native of San Francisco,
.aged 37 years 1 month and 18 days.
¦ ' (CJ^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'¦ :'¦ (Thursday), at. 12 Q'jclock.. from his late resi-
dence, 202- Fillmore street, thence to Third
Baptist ' Church, Powell street; near Bush,
*> for - services, commencing at 1 o'clock.' < ln-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
POROBICH— In this «ity, December 13, 1903,
Milan Poroblch, son of Stephen Porobich,
brother of Janko, Nicola, Marko. Angelica,
Ellna and "Saveta Poroblch. and cousin - of
Splro, Chris.- Marko and Lazar Radulovirh,
a native of Mojdez, Bocche de Cattaro, Aus-
tria," aged 40 years. A member of Bald
Eagle Tribe No. 75, I. O. R. M.
-.- ICT" Friends and members of Bald Eagle
Tribe No. 75, I. O. R. M., are respectfully
invited ~ to attend -the funeral- to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock." from. the .Rus-
' stan- Cnurch.; Powell frtreet. between Union
and Filbert. Interment Servian Cemetery,
' ' San Mateo ' County: Remains at the funeral
_parlora of Craig, Cocnran & Co., 429 Golden
Gate v avenue, between Polk and Larkin
'.streets.,- . " , ." '.
RILEY— In, South Vallejo. December 16.' 1008,
> : Edward, dearly - beloved husband of • Bridget
Riley, ' and ' dearly .beloved father of, W. ; J.
f/j.MON'AHAN, Manager. TeL Mission .1.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO;
FUNEP.AL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
EJv9-»3il Mission st.. rear Nineteenth.
¦¦¦"¦ -— >__^., '". : San Franciacg. " " " -. _ ,
Riley and Mrs. M. Beal, a native of Ire-
land.
ROCHE— In this city. December 16. 1903. Ellse
Schander. beloved wife of John J. Roche,
and mother of Ethel F., Marshall 8. and
Paul A. Roche, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4:> years S months and 13 days, g
. E^Frienas 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
December 17. at 8 o'clock, from her l*te
residence. 2:t56 Larkin street, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where mass wilt bs said
for the rer>ose of her soul at 0:30 o'clock.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
. land.
SCHERLE — In Fruitvale, at the German Al-
tenhctm, December 16. 1903. Mrs. Anna
Scherle, widow of the late Franz Scherle. a
native .of Switzerland, aged 75 , years "
months and 12 days.
¦ EjTFriendsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-ices
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street.
Oakland. Cremation at th« Oakland Crema-
torium.
SCHWARTZ— In this city, December 15, 1903,
Henry Schwartz, brother of T. Goldstein of
Visaiia. Mr». Dora Friedman of New York
and Mrs. Nadlerof New Haven, Conn., a
native of Germany, aged 7ft years. A mem-
ber of the Mexican Veterans.
C7Friends «nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuenral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the r»rlors of
H. P. Petersen. 22S McAllister street. In-
" terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
SHEEHAX— In this city. December 15. 1903,
Timothy, beloved husband of Orrf Sheehan.
and brother of Mrs. T. Keating, a native of
• County Limerick, Ireland, aged 64 years.
SMITH— In this city, December 15. 1903. Ed-
- ward L.. beloved husband of Ella M. Smith,
and father of Helen Montgomery and Ed-
ward Smith, a native of California, aged 43
years 5 months and 0 days. A member of
Merced Lodge No. 74. A. O. U. W., and
Merced Camp. Woodmen oMhe World. (Mer-
ced papers please copy.)
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
December 18. 1903. at 10 o'clock, from his
i late residence. Twenty-third street. Merced.
Cal.
SOMMERS— In Berkeley. December 15. 1903,
Sophie Sullivan Sommers. beloved wife of
J. B. Sommers, and sister of Mrs. B. W.
Day and Robert L. Sullivan, a native of
California, aged 27 years.
WALDHEIMER— In "Brooklyn. N. Y.. Decem-
ber 15, 1903. Jacob Waldheimer, father cf
Marcus J. Waldheimer of San Francisco,
aged 69 years. '
WILLIAMS — In this city, December 16, 1003.
Enoch Fathlan Williams, a native of New
Jersey, aged 47 years 6 months and 17 days.
TO ALL THE WANT ADVERTISERS IN THE CHRIST/IAS CALLCalifornians in Xcw York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The follow
ing Californians are here: From San
Francisco— F. E. McEnerny, at .the
Grand Union. From Los Angeles — E.
H. Grasty, at the Imperial.
Harry ¦Williams, 217 Leaven worth
street, attempted suicide yesterday by
turning on the gas in his room. Peo
ple in the house noticed the odor and
discovered "Williams in an unconscious
condition. He was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital and revived. {This was
his second attempt to asphyxiate him
self.' ¦¦ '¦¦¦'- ,"; ; - i /''¦ : .' :
Tries to Asphyxiate Himself. %
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 16. — Gover
nor Pardee has not taken any. action
yet in the final appeal made to him
by Bert Ross, who is to be hanged at
Kan Quentin next Friday for the mur
der of Deputy Sheriff Ward of San
Diego County. It is probable the
Governor will not interfere with the
infliction of the death penalty.
Governor Xot Likely to Interfere.
Some very swell weddlnz Invitations corns
from Knowles. 24 Second street. Main 598. *
Iiadles' Hats.
Over , 200 hats, 'very latest models, at
greatly reduced prices. Lease expire*
Feb. 1. Entire stock sacrificed. % Mme
Dosch, 207 Post street. . ."••
A gas stove exploded in the kitchen
of the residence of Benjamin Luhr
mann, 94 Chenery street, last" night
The accident was due to a defective
pipe, which permitted the gas to es
cape into the bottom of the stove. Ar
alarm was given and the Fire Depart
ment succeeded j in extinguishing the
flames before much damage was done.
The house and contents were Insured.
Fire on Chcnery Street.
Medical Students Pallbearers.
The funeral services over the re
mains of the late Dr. J. W. Hamilton
will take place this afternoon at 3
o'clock at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. The
pallbearers will include the following
students of the California Medical Col
lege: C. A. Hascall. W. S. Bryon, W.
W. Wimer, J. F. Taveres, Walter
Cheeney, J.'Higglns, W. J. Lawrence,
George Grunwell. The entire faculty
will be honorary pallbearers.
Marcus Blum Seriously 111.
Marcus Blum, the Mayor's usher, lies
seriously ill at St. Mary's Hospital and
his physician. Dr. Gallwey, entertains
grave fears for the life of his patient.
Blum was taken sick a few days ago
with stomach trouble, from which he
long suffered. The illness became com
plicated and yesterday his condition
was very low.
The overworked Eye. the faded Eye.
the red and inflamed Eye. the Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murlne Eye Rem
edy. At all druggists 1 . ;• ¦
Will Boom Santa Clara County.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16. — George E.
Hyde of Cupertino has been selected
by the Chamber of Commerce to rep
resent it at Los Angeles during the
winter. A headquarters, with display,,
will be conducted there and an effort
made to secure a share of the Eastern
tourist travel for this city. In all
probability another man will be em
ployed on the overland trains between
this! city and Los Angeles to work
among the travelers in the interests of
San Jose and Santa Clara County. j
Fifer Is Reappolntetl.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate i the
nomination of Joseph W. Flfer of Illi
nois, to be an Interstate Commerce
Commissioner. This is a reappoint
ment. ?
MADRID, Dec. 16.— Monsignor Ustl.
the last Spanish Archbishop of San
tiago de Cuba, died to-day at Zeraus,
near San Sebastian. His' body will be
Interred there by the side ; of the re
mains of General Martinez de Campos.
Archbishop Passes Away.
F. W. Gill, Well Known In Banking
Circles, Passes Away at Sebastopol.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 16.— F. W. Gill
died at Sebastopol this morning after
a long illness. Gill was a native of
Hartford, Conn., and aged about 63
years. During his boyhood he was a
schoolmate of J. Pierpont Morgan,
Senator Chauncey M. Depew and the
late Commodore Allen of New York.
Gill occupied many position's of trust
on this coast. He was cashier of the
Pacific Insurance Comparfy, which
was ruined by the big Chicago flre,
and then took a position with the
Bank of California, being engaged in
a clerical capacity with William C.
Ralston. Later he became cashier of
the Oakland Bank of Savings, and
later became cashier of the Bank of
Sebastopol. He retired from that po
sition on account of his physical con
dition. He was unmarried.
DEATH EXDS LOXG ILLNESS.
Don't Neglect a Cough. Take Piso'a _ Cure for.
Consumption In time. All druggists. 23c. •
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 16.— Agent E. B.
Stuart of the Santa Fe, who has just
returned from a conference of the traf
fic men of the road at Kansas City, de
clares that the coming season of tour
ist travel is going to doubly discount
anything that the coast has ever seen.
He says that the indications point to a
continuation of the travel into next
summer so that the close of the tourist
season will hardly be noted upon the
railroads, save by the fact that the re
turning travel will increase. The peo
ple who are wanting to come to the
coast are simply "up against It" in the
matter of securing accommodations.
Reservations have to be made weeks
ahead for the Pullmans despite the
fact that there has been an advance in
the price of berths in this direction
from Chicago. Business has been good
throughout the Middle West and people
who are financially fixed to make the
trip are going to come. Not only is the
passenger business going to be heavy,
but freight business will be so
heavy that the railroads will
have trouble handling it. Money is
easy and business correspondingly
heavy. Though the Knights Templar
gathering does not take place at San
Francisco until next August,. the Santa
Fe has thirteen .chartered trains to
cross the continent to the conclave.
Eastern People Who Want to Come
Here Find Difficulty in Securing:
Railroad Accommodation.
SAXTA IE TRAFFIC AGEXT
TELLS OF TOURIST TRAVEL
:• : '¦ +
.THE DAY'S DEAD.
A beautiful framed picture makes a
good Christmas present. The only large
assortment of good things is at Sanborn
& Vail's. •
The Angchis Department or Sherman,
Clay; & Co. Will Give the Final
Piano Recital on December 19.
.Mrs. Birmingham to Sing.
Following the custom of former years
the Angelus Department of Sherman.
Clay &. Co.. on Sutter and Kearny streets,
have given a series of piano recitals in
which the Angelus Piano Player has
been Introduced. The final recital of the
present season will be given on Satur
day. December 19. at 3 p. m.. in Steinway
Hall. Miss Lillian Birmingham, contral
to, will be the soloist of the occasion.
These concerts are free to all, and
complimentary tickets may be had by
applying at the store any time before tho
hour of tho recital. Following Is the
programme:
PART 1.
1. Polonaise. Xo. 1. ••~l lls^
2. A Romame. Op. 8S, No. 2 Schuett
3. B Etude, Od. 23, No. 9..... Chopin
'3. Song— My Heart Is Weary, from the
¦ opera Nadlshda Thomas
Mrs. Birmingham, accompanied on the piano
by Mr. Van Yorx. with the aid of
' th« Anzelus.
PART 2.
4. Pollehlnelle. Op. 3, No. 4 Rachmaninoff
5. La Bohemo • Puccini
. Fantalsle. •
«. Walts, Op. 34, No. 1 Moszkewskl
7. Songs — (a) A Lad and Lassie..... van lorx
<b) For Mine Alone
Mrs. Birmingham, accompanied on the piano
by Mr. Van Yorx, with the aid of
the An*elus. .
8. Rhapsodle Hongrolse 4 Liszt
FIXAL PIAXO RECITAL.
Hon. James D. Phelan, San Francisco, Cal. —
Drar Kir: W> beg to Inform you that we have
been directed by the executive committee to
Invite you to attend and take part In the arbi
tration conference to be held In Washington, on
Tuesday, January 12, 1904.
It is the desire of the permanent committee
that their counsels may be utrenjrthened and
their Influence Increased by the attendance and
co-operation of a considerable body of promi
nent citizens from all parts of the country, ami
they entertain the hope that the coming con
ference may equal In Interest and u»efulnesh
the notable conference of ISOfi. If thes9 hopes am
realized the meeting in January cannot fall to
contribute largely to a treaty of arbitration be
tween the. United States and Great Britain.
In soliciting: a reply to' this letter, we ear
nestly trust that It will be an acceptance of
the Invitation. Very respectfully.
TOHN XV. FOSTEn. Chairman.
THOS. NELSON PAGE. Secretary.
Former Mayor James D. Phelan is
an earnest supporter of cfvil service
principles, but he has no desire to serve
on the National Civil Service Commis
sion. Vacancy in the commission caused
by the death of Mr. Proctor induced
some of Mr. Phelan's friends to suggest
his appointment.
The prospect of residing in any city
other than San Francisco Is not pleas
ing to Mr. Phelan. He may, however,
accept the following invitation to visit
Washington, D. C, this winter:
¦WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 10.
Invited to Take Part in the Arbitra
tion Conference to Be Held
in Washington.
FORMER MAYOR PHELAX
RECEIVES RECOGXITIOX
The names that appeared on the
charges that were served on the men
against whom they were referred were
as follows: Thomas J. Kelly. George
E. Berger, Joseph B. Kenny, R. J. Mil
lar, W. A. Hughson. U. S. Beckman,
F. Fickner, L. E. Gogh, C. H. Rice,
C. Ellinger, B. L. Davidson. A. N. Paris,
E. J. Reynolds, R. Mitchell. H. E. Ber
ton, W. J. Mulveney, Thomas McGrath,
W. C. Stewart. A. Rasmussen, E. A.
Dornberger, C. Utterback, R. H. Coats,
W. Ostaoff. J. A. Guy, T. N. Fletcher,
Joseph Robertson, H. P. Kendrick and
C. F. Crow.
The court adjourned the case until
next Tuesdas- morning on account of
the absence of several witnesses for
the defense. It will probably be com
pleted at the next sittirur.
The Carmen's Union was represented
by Attorney H. W. Hutton. The en
tire day was consumed in taking evi
dence as to the manner of the drawing
up of the charges and the method of
trial given the accused men. The at
torneys for Dingwall clAlmed that the
charges were signed by a lot of mem
bers who knew absolutely nothing
about the charces made against the
men, but merely signed at the dicta
tion of Cornelius or Secretary Shallen
borger. The witnesses for the defense
denied that this had been done and
alleged that the charges had been pre
ferred properly and that Dingwall was
given ample time to prepare his de
fense and was given a hearing prior
to his ejection from the union.
'Some "of the men who- signed the
charges against Dingwall admitted that
they knew nothing more about the
charges than the paper they were writ
ten on contained.
The attorneys for the plaintiff will
base their whole case on the fact that
the constitution and by-laws give the
executive committee no such power as
they exercised in their recent action
against the men who did not want poli
tics to be brought Into their union.
SIGN THE COMPLAINT.
vitch for president and Fairweather for
secretary. .
Relatives of Clarke stated yesterday
.that a suit for an annulment of his
marriage would undoubtedly follow in
a few days and that ample proof would
be secured to show ihat Clarke was in
no condition to fully appreciate what
he was doing when he entered into the
matrimonial contract with his present
wife.
The attorneys for E. K. Clarke, whose
quiet marriage in Oakland early Satur
day morning to Mrs. Rosalind Bower,
more familiarly known to the public
as the "Sweet Pea Girl" of Durrant
trial fame, ended in a sudden separa
tion at the Lick House Monday, have
taken the first step toward bringing
the troubles of the unhappy couple to
a climax.
Yesterday Clarke's legal representa
tive held a conference with Attorney
O. K. Cushing, representing Mrs.
Clarke, and plainly intimated to ihe
counsel on the other side that a propo
sition to compromise the case with an
absolute separation for the clubman
would be considered by the husband
if made with .reasonable conditions.
Mrs. Clarke's attorney, however, was
not prepared to enter Into any arrange
ment. In fact, he did not even give
Clarke's representative encouragement
sufficient to warrant him in expecting
that the case would be finally settled
without' the annoying notoriety of. a
trial.
Mrs. Clarke is still residing at the
Lick House, where, when asked last
evening if she was prepared to give
her new husband a separation, she re
plied that the only condition she was
willing to offer to him was that he
return to her and fulfill his promise
made before and after their marriage,
that he would give her a home and
make her life one of happiness.
"When Clarke called here yesterday
for his clothes." said the wife. "I ap
pealed to him to reconsider his deter
mination to quit me. He answered that
it was too late: that the papers had
given him a lot of notoriety, and that
he could not afford to return to me.
He added that his mother would never
forgive him for marrying me. now that
the facts of my past had become known
to the world. He did not take all his
belonging's away from the apartments
and I still hope that he will come back
to me when the influences now being
exerted over him have been shaken off
by him." , ,
That Clarke, however, was not likely
to change his mind was suggested yes
terday in several experiences of his
wife with local' tradespeople, with
whom the husband had previously
placed orders for garments and trinkets
for her. A few hours after their, mar
riage in Oakland Clarke and his bride
returned to this city and visited a Mar
ket-street tailoring establishment,
where he ordered several gowns for his
tfrlde. They also went to a jewelry
store and ordered a valuable purse.
Yesterday Mrs. Clarke called at the
tailoring establishment, where, by the
way, it Is said he first met his former
wife, and was surprised -with the In
formation that her husband had coun
termanded his order for her dresses,
and a similar statement was made to
her when she called for her purse at the
jewelry store»
Former" friends of Mrs. Clarke, a fam
ily prominent in church work in this
city, have aroused sufficient sympathy
¦for the woman in her present predica
ment to warrant them in extending a
helping hand to her. and yesterday they
telephoned her to come to their home, a
suggestion with which she complied last
evening, and spent several hours there.
Altogether this was one of the most
delightful entertainments th»> club has
given and all pronounced "ladies'
night" a complete success In every way.
There were about two hundred and
fifty present.
The following committee on club
nights had charge of the entertain
ment: A. E. Castle, J. S. Spear Jr., D.-
T. Cole, Wendell Easton, E. F. Preston,
F. S. Stratton, Dr. O. F. Westphal, E.
D. Peixotto, Judge Carroll Ccok, E. J.
Smith and E. Tauszky.
Another feature of the evening that
brought out great appreciation was the
splendid singing of the Knickerbocker
Quartet.
•At the conclusion of thi? set pro
gramme the guests repaired to the
Maple* room, where dancing was en
joyed for several hours to th-.- music of
a fine string orchestra. Frank W.
Marston acted as floor manager.
A delicious supper, accompanied by
champagne punch, was served during
the entire reception at the pleasure of
the guests.
The early portion of the evening was
devoted to a delightful entertainment of
instrumental and vocal music. The
principal feature of the programme was
the violin playing of Vaclav Murdock,
who has recently arrived from Aus
tralia. He is an artist of the first rank
and his two numbers, the Polonaise, by
Ernst, and the Cavitina, by Raff, were
received with unbounded marks of ap
probation. A Japanese troupe recently
arrived from the Orient gave a number
of songs in their native tongue, and one
of their number did some fine juggling
tricks.
The Union League Club rooms in the
Palace Hotel were in a blaze of glory
last night. It was the occasion of the
reception the club annually gives in
honor of its fair friends. From early
in the evening until after midnight the
spacious . apartments were thronged
with San Francisco's loveliest daugh
ters, arrayed in the daintiest and most
beautiful ball gowns.
In honor of the occasion the assembly
room was decked with garlands of rich
Oregon grape, Intermingled with gorge
ous crimson poinsettas, which were
clustered in luxurious fashion about the
mantel and great mirror on the south
wall.
thing but harmonious.
Six men — Henry Johnson, vice presi-.
dent; George Dingwall, secretary-treas
urer; William Jane, recording secre
tary, and C. F. Hardy and O. A. Kitt
inger, members of the board— openly
opposed President Cornelius in his ef
forts to bring politics Into the union.
This issue was the whole cause for the
preferment of the chaTRes by the ex
ecutive council against thesa men and
their subsequent expulsion from the
organization.
In November, 1902, these officers of
the union and others began to realize
that Cornelius was bringing politics
into the union too strongly. They ac
cused him of working for his own per
sonal gain, d6lng politics for a news
paper, etc., and claimed that he got
$100 a day during the last gubernatorial
election for working among the car
men to secure their votes for his can
didate. -They allege that the president,"
ever his election to office, has
worked the union for what he could get
out of it and has cared nothing for the
members, other than to make a grand
stand play in order that he might hdld
his job.
CHARGES AGAINST DIXGWALL.
The specific charge against Dingwall
reads: "You are charged by the com
mittee with violation of obligation,
with meeting in secret and conspiring
•against the welfare of the union and
its president in particular." The same
charge was made applicable to John
son, Jane, Hardy, E. Gogglns and O. A.
Kittlnger. The executive council met
and the date of their trial was fixed at
December 13. ' On the night of that
date all of the men were expelled from
the union with the exception of Gog
gins.
Dingwall claims that he was wrong
fully and unlawfully expelled from the
membership of the union. His attor
neys. Judge A. A. Sanderson and Weil
& Lippitt, claim that the president and
the executive council of the union have
no right by their constitution or by
laws to expel any one rrom the union
except as the constitution states: For
giving out the quarterly password to
others than^members of the union; the
giving out of any information contrary
to the local division; and according to
the by-laws the president only has the !
power to fine any member who is dis
orderly at a meeting. It further states
that all other cases must be left to
the executive council for the Imposition
of. fines. Nothing is said regarding ex
pulsion.
PLiAXXED TO OUST CORXELIUS.
Headed by B. M. Gopchevitch, J.
Falrweather, O. Kittinger, F. S. Gog
gin, George Dingwall. C. F. Hardy,
William T. Jane, J. Wilson, Ed Gog- I
gins and H. P. Johnson, Jhey held meet- I
ings In secret and prepared their plan 1
of procedure to wrest the presidency
from Cornelius at the election which
was to come off the following April.
A card bearing tho sentiments of the
dissatisfied faction was printed and dis
tributed among the various members o*
the union. Men were delegated to work
on. the various lines in the city and
secure men to vote against Cornelius.
The card got up read as follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 25. 1902.
• "Dear Sir ar.d Brother: Owing: to
continual political propositions being
carried into our union and discussed at
Its meetings, and the same carrying us
from our regular routine, of business,
we desire your attendance at our next
regular meeting to be held Tuesday,
November 25, at S p. m., to consider the
following resolution:
" •Resolved. That Division No. 205. A.
A. of S. R. E. of A., confine^itself to
the discussion of the workings of mat
ters pertaining to the purpose for which
it was organized, namely, hours, wages
and conditions.' "
The faction intended to elect Gopche-
The trial of the suit of George Ding
wall, former secretary-treasurer of the
local streetcar men's union, for a writ
of mandate compelling Local Division
No. 205, A. A. of S. R. E. of A. to re
instate him to membership, was com
menced yesterday In Judge Ilebbard's
court.
Dingwall claims that the executive
council of the union overstepped Its
jurisdiction in expelling him from the
union.
The minutes of the meetlnjr of the
union at which Dingwall and five
( others were charged with conspiring
against the union, and especially
against its president, Richard Cor
nelius, were read. They showed that
the condition prior to the expulsion of
five members in the, union was any-
George Dingwall Sues for Rein
statement and Ruptured Af
fairs of Order Are Aired
Dancing in the Maple Room
Winds Up the Delightful
Festivities of the Occasion
Unhappy Woman Still Hopes
for a . Reconciliation With
Her Newly Wedded Husband
WORKS FOR HIS OWN GAIN
MUSIC BRINGS APPLAUSE
COMPROMISE IS UNDER WAY
Presents Ordered Just After
Marriage Are Refused Mrs.
Clarke by Local Tradesmen
Members of Street Carmen's
Organization Claim Cornelius
Brings Politics Into Meetings
Fair Guests of Institution
Throng the Spacious Apart
ment! Of tiie Union League
COUNTERMANDS
GIFTS TO WIFE
LADIES HOLD
SWAY AT CLUB
UNION IS TORN
BY FACTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903. ' "^^— -
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam. the sal
mire, guaranteed cura. Cin. KOo. Orueelsta.
Xo become a soldier is a humiliation
in China. The magistrates outrank
the military socially.
Price of Steel N'ot Changed.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— No change
was made in the price of structural
steel at the meeting of the leading
manufacturers of V America to-day.
16
HAXE'S. I H ALE'S.
Ha!e f s Open Evenings Till Christmas.
Hale's Toy Store
A treat for the children
And a treat for the parents.
Whether you come to buy or come to see.
Don't miss Hale's toy store.
Let's look at some of the good things.
Full-Jointed Dolls, 35c — Fitted out Xroa Auto Carriage*, 40o — Painted red
even with fancy slip, shoes and £ T l} er « on the seilt are two fi sur p 3.
vi ...uin t»ii Beats That Go, 25o— Tin. prettily paint-
stockings ; 14 in. tall. € . d . There's the smoking stack
& Kid Body Doll, 95c — It beats any- double dock and the frowning sur.s'
thing of the kind we have seen for 91^ in. Ions.
the price in size cr beauty; 20 in. Air H12ea, 65c — Single shot ones that
tall. hold 4S BB's; good strong spring.
Visit Santa Claus' Art Stationery
Gallery IN CHRISTMAS BOXES.
All those TousaXof pictures ™- Wg .<* these boxes :
the children sent us in the Santa no one would imagine they arc
Claus contest are on display, for writing paper. In fact,
They're classified according to the after the stationery is used up
alphabet, so that each child may .. . taken for hanH
find her sketch. The prizes are all J ne > . ma X D^ "Ken tor nand-
by themselves in a glass case. kerchiefs or trinkets or to keep
One of the 'Christmas sights ribbons in. '
grown folks are as much inter- Here's a box of Mexican Stitched
ested in is the children. Paper, that looks for all the world
; like drawn work and hemstitched
EiderdOWn SaCaiieS border. White, blue and gray tints,
with square-cut envelopes. 45c.
The Christmas Styles. . Another is a tapestry box. with a
• beautiful painted cover, filled with
Give "her" one. It adds much to W ,hiting's F«nch Organdy Paper.
her home comfort. She will not blue, gray and lavender. 45c.
only think well of you Christmas Another neat little box contains
morn, but her thought • of you is stationery, in two tints, in two sizes,
compounded every time she slips bl " e ,°. r K r , a y- 45c.
one on. Here are— Cabinet box of Kara Linen Paper
Eiderdown Dressing Sacques, 75c j"jgj!~gJS|j VCry ch ° icC ' VCfy ex "
, Of ripple trimmed with croch- A , ' '^ . b
ttin r V hh ; S'Viniv ing ' s Fren^ h <*«»** handsomely
satin ribbon; red or gray. t up - with an embossed and tinted
95c for a dressing sacque, fancy em- £„,.-, «r r ,- ""lcu
broidered collar; also bound with CO \ er> ,* X 0 : . , .
mercerized sateen on the front; the Another idea is this handkerchief
front and back crocheted with black box. It looks for all the world like
worsted; light blues and reds. _ VianrfWrr1i;««f K^-w .,„,» ... n •«.
51.25 dressing sacques, have round col- a nandlcerclHet box, and yet it was
lars fastened with two silk frogs made tor stationery. The cover is
and the cuffs with white crocheting. decorated and opens up lid fashion
$1.50 and $1.95 dressing sacques have Trie stationerv is the n«M,r
loose backs, flowing kimona sleeves. fin " . ? "j Y . the new cloth-
trimmed with satin ribbon combined nnisned kind. /2 c; sold elsewhere
with fagot stitching and frogs. at $I.OO.
Eiderdown Robes, $3.50 J^Lt^^l^ m \t
They re long, flowing, comfort- side is a two-quire assortment of
able garments, with bell sleeves, Highland Linen Paper. $2.^5.
fancy collars. On the collar, pocket
and sleeves is black crocheting, as f^fLJS^^S^ m
S5.00 Eiderdown robes have five-point- iP»T__.-^''fatoj?.n. j-^JCn.^ "^j^^
cd collars and flowing sleeves, bound * "^ St> '— ,, ," °° G*}QC<>^
with black mercerized sateen, trim- __ • _
med with sateen appliques. Market Street, Near Sixth
NEWMAK & LEVINSOK.
f Kearny and Satter Sts. C^^^g^ggjJ
Shop in the morning — avoid the afternoon rash
Yoa will find it more pleasant and satisfactory
Choice Gifts in Needlework
(Second Floor Kearny St.)
We show a great variety of beautiful novelties -in Art
Needlework — that make most acceptable Christmas Gifts —
for the housewi'fe, for the young lady, or for the bachelor
friend. Among them are many new designs, found only in
our establishment— all attractively priced.
Beautiful Sofa Cushions, hand em- Handsome Toilet Sets of net or
broidered in exquisite designs and Swiss, also some of real lace, very
trimmed with ribbon, ruffes or elaborate and richly trimmed, per
cord $5.75 to $12.50 set .......50c to $25.00
Hand Embroidered Center Pieces Handkerchief and Necktie Cases,
in white linen, round or oval, ex- hand painted on satin or bolting
quisitely embroidered in violets, cloth, trimmed with lace and
roses and tulip desi rns, decorated with ribbons
£4*50 io $15.00 $5.00 to $10.50
Laundry Lists, made of linen, in Veil Cases made of tan linen, with
tan, green or blue, with hand handsomely painted floral
painted figures $1.00 designs $2.25
Sale of Rich Art Wares
At 1/4- Off Regular Prices (%™*?'g:)
If you are in search of the artistic, the graceful and the
beautiful, yoa should not miss this opportunity. Exquisite
Bronzes, Bric-a-Brac and Imported Glassware that would be •
reasonable at their original prices, are now offered at 25 per
cent, less than regular marked prices — included in the sale are:
Real Bronze Statuettes Bohemian Art Glassware
one-quarter off one-quarter off
Bronze Cabinet Ornaments Hand-carved Glassware
one-quarter off one-quarter off
Choice Objects of Art Handsome Vases and Bowls
one-quarter off one-auarter off
KoTdty Liqueur Sets Fancy Smoking Sets -
one-quarter off onC-quarter off
Ladies' Neckwear Sale
Prices Y3 to i4 Less than Usual (K/ y Io s o t0
An extremely opportune sale, for it comes just at a time
when you are looking for Christmas Gifts. They are this
season's daintiest tailor made Stocks and Ties — in silk and
crepe, also some of dainty wash fabrics — over 30 different
styles to choose from — all in the choicest of colors, including
black and white — neckwear that sold at 90c, J1.00 Cflp
and $1.25 each — on sale to-day at '. OUu
A Box of Ladies' Hose e&JSO
Here is something unique in the way of a Christmas
Present — a box of Ladies' Hose — arranged specially for a
gift, with 3 pairs of the finest of imported openwork hosiery —
one pair Lisle Thread and two pairs of Silk, in black, white or
. colors. The three pairs sell regularly at $6.00, our er nn
special price, per box 4'*''^'"
Black Dress Patterns cebsl)
We have a splendid assortment of Black Suit Patterns,
which we have selected specially for gift-giving. In this
collection you'll find Armures, Mistrals, Cheviots, Panama
Canvns, Wool Taffetas, iNatte Mistrals, in all this season's
choicest weaves — on sale to-day at the following extra-
ordinary prices:
$ 7-co Black Dress Patterns— Sale Price $4.90
J 8.75 Black Dress Patterns — Sale Price $6.50
fio.50 Black Dress Patterns — Sale Price $7.50
Men's Bath or House Robes
(Third Floor Kearny Street)
Just what almost every man wants and what he specially
likes to get at Christmas. We have a splendid stock of all the
newest styles in Dressing Gowns, Lounging and Bath Robes,
in plain cloth, checks and stripe effects,
at prices ranging from $4.50 to $15.00
Our Glove Orders
Are an easily purchased gift. The recipient makes her
own selection when she chooses — and if gloves are not
desired, the order will be accepted at any department in
the store.
W r e also issue MERCHANDISE ORDERS for any amount —
which are good in all departments and at any time. •
Commencing Saturday. December 19
Store Open Evening until Christmas.
FOR CHRISTMAS!
Carvers,
Pocket Cutlery,
Shaving Outfits,
Manicure Sets,
Scissor Cases,
Tool Chests, Etc.
We have a fine assortment of above from
th^ very best makers, and our
p-ices are most reasonable.
Wright Hardware Co.
66 Third Street.
Open Evenings.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Watri\
A. VxuNIEfl CO. t Sux Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS;
¦jf * dj "j £ %3 [' J 1 1 p*iS n ib/V V I
39 Stockton Street.
Telephone Main 6633.
Full Line of Holiday Goods
are going to give Christmas shoppers
the brtieflt of our specials this week, ¦with
the exception of butter and egsrs (which
&n> for this week onlr)_ maintaining these
special prices until after Christmas is over.
CREAfOr BUTTER, per square, 40c
Not what Is commonly offered. Reg. 45c.
Abgolutely fresh — not cold storage.
Eastern tGGS, Guaranteed, Doz., 35c
FRENCH MIXED CANDY, per ib., 35c
•None better made. Reg. 40 cts.
MIXED NUTS, Un! ; y the Bast, IS)., 15c
Res. 20 cts.
Home-Mad3 Mince Maat, half gal. SOc
Made' from only the very Qt. Jar 50 cts.
best ingredients. Pt. Jars 3O cts.
NAYtL 0.1AN6ES, Fancy, dozen, 30c
Reg. S3 cts.
NEW FARD DATES, 2 lbs for 25c
Fine English Fruit Cake, per Ib., 25c
In one and five Ib tins. Reg. 40 cts.
This Is the celebrated Holmes & Coutfs
brand and our buyer says is a great snap.
CARPET SWEEPtRS $2.00
BIsa ell's Cyco Bearing. *><¦ J-.'.o
COMB HOrtEf 2 for 25c
Delicious Southern California Honey.
APETIT SILD 2 cans for 25c
Delicious canned fish Keg. 15 cts. c*n
ITffiRM 8l CHSTMUTS. . . per Ib., 15c
The kind you can roast as well as the
little brown man on, the corner.
LIQUOR SPECIALS:
OX BOURBON bottle, 75c
Reg. $1.00 and $4.00; gal. JTCO
HERMITAGE RYE bottle. 90c
Reg. $1.25 and $5.00; gal $i.0O
CABINET COCKTAILS.... bottle. 75c
In assortment of whisky. Reg. $1.00
Manhattan. Martini and Gin.
JAMAICA RUM bottle, 75c
Reg. $1.00
F01T ul SHERRY WINES, bot., 25c*
Reg. S5 cts. and $1.80; gal. ll.OD i
FRENCH CLARET, Sf. Estephe, SSS?
Reg. 70 cts. and 40 cts. Evariste. E>u-
pont & Co. brand, Bordeaux. France.
WHY ARE MORE
Lundstrom Hats
worn In San Francisco than any
other? Must be some reason why
people stay with a "Bood thing.
Wevf the stock and thfl styles, the
$2.50 and $3.50.
Are you wearing a Lundstrom Hat?
Pacific Coast Hat Works
••The Hat Factory"
1458 Eirket Street,
Directly Or?. Central Theater.
and 605 Kearny Street.
Our Hat orders make n!ce Xmas
gifts.
_CUTLEF?y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHREVE&CO,
MANUFACTURERS.
..IMPORTERS OF. .
Precious Stones
Gold and Silver Smiths
POST end MARKET STS.
OPEN lEYENlNGS
UNTiL CHRISTMAS;