SAN FRANCISCO; TUESDAY;^ JULY 7, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 37.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Remarkable Battle
for Life Drawing .
to a Close.
PARIS. July G— The condition of ,W. K.'
Vanderbilt Jr., who was injured by un ac
cident in an automobile while out riding
in Paris, is said to be not serious. One of
his eyes Is injured and he la kept : in a
dark room at the hotel.'
Vanderbilt's Condition • Not Serious.
Nixon Will JBairiain-' President.
; : NEW. YORK. July 6.-At the -request of
Receiver I Smith,' '; Lewis y Nixon ';, has 'i. con
sented to remain •' as \ .; president /of , v the
United States ' Shipbuilding - Company.
haps for thy last time, the rays
trie sun."/
It was just a short while after
the Pope came back to conscious
ness from a sleep which " Dr. Lap
ppni had induced by a strong dose
of chloral.. His sleep was so death
likethat artificial respiration was
continued, and Dr. Lapponi 'every
few minutes leaned anxiously over
the couch to observe the illustrious
patient and listen to his hardly
Continued on Page 2, Column 1* ,
Extreme Unction Is Administered and
Leo Calmly Jtivaits the End-
JT^OME, July 7, g:aoai m.— The pneumonia from which His
B& Holiness has been 'Suffering^ is now complicated with pleu-
JL risy, and the Pontiff has paralysis of the fingers. Pope Leo
passed a restless,-; sleepless night.
i; j\OME, July 7, . 3 o5 - a> m :
'jLr —-Another morning has
•^ . broken . on the pathetic
scene within the simple " chamber
of the: Vatican,' where Pope Leo
lies dying: ; As thie soft light of
da wn.perietrate~d into' the room the
Pontiff t whispered; to his devoted
physician-that-he desired the shut;
tefs of "the windows to be;'6penecl,
saying:
-, "I -wish to see once more, per
Charles E.Magoon, acting, chief of the
Bureau of Insular Affairs, to-day* sent the
first Government commercial message
over the new Paclflccable line to Manila.
It was addressed;to Governor Taft and
informed him. that the quartermaster gen
eral has asked the assistant quartermas
ter, general at Manila to transport ! exhib
its for the Louisiana Purchase Exposition
on the Government transports.
"Through courtesy of Pacific , Commer
cial Cable Company people of station pay
their respects to 'department." ¦'[.* -,..'¦
WASHINGTON. July, 6.— The first cable
gram from Guam was received at the
Navy Department to-day. It was from
Commander Sewall, commandant of the
station there, and is as follows:
Commander Sewall Sends Respects
of Officers at Station to Navy .
Department.
CABLEGRAM FROM GUAM
RECEIVED OVER . NEW LINE
STEELVILLE, Mo., July 6.— The street
flght here Saturday night, , which resulted
in the death'of Robert Star ks and the se
rious wounding ¦ of Sheriff Taff and' oth
ers, has been ' followed by \ tho death \ of
Henry I Starks." a"' son 'of " Robert Starks.
Young Starks was % shot through f the* "abl
domen by one, of the Sheriffs posse while
attempting^to arrest him.
"At. the Coroner's Inquest over the body
of the second victim of the tragedy It
came out I In: the; evidence that young
Starks was the of : thie , contro
versy. The • lad. ; who was not more than
20 years old. attacked the Sheriff and two
deputies, as well as two city marshals,
and; succeeded in wounding them before
he was himself shot. •'
, Henry : Starks' re'quested'a" young brother
befoVe he'diedVto avenge his death.'Sher
iff - Taff:' is - in-; a ¦critical V condition "it roni
his wounds. ", .•:"'" //-,,' ;.' ' ' ; '• " ; V n .
Young Starkc Succumbs - to Bullet
Wound Inflicted During Fight
1 With Deputies. . .
ORIGINATOR \ OF THE RIOT
AT STEELVILLE IS DEAD
Scenes in the Life of Pope Leo.
John Lankershim
of Los Angeles
Is in Jail.
The case has caused a decided sensation
at Fort Leavenworth, where Captain Tag
gart: has been stationed about a year.
Captain Taggart is one of the best known
officers of his rank in the United States
army. He has seen about twenty years
of service. His record in the Philippines
was particularly creditable.
Mystery surrounds the case and the air
at. Fort Leavenworth is filled with ru
mors.' It "is "claimed by- some that Cap
tain Taggart felt a "spell" coming over
him and asked that he be deprived of his
freedom. His wife closed their home i at
the post to-day and left for San Francis
co, where she has relatives. Captain Tag
gart •. is about 45 years of age, while his
wife is yet in the twenties. It is also ru
mored that Captain Taggart might have
been placed under restraint on account
of the, alleged abuse of officers of In
ferior rank.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., July 6.—Cap
tain E. F. Taggart/ commanding Com
pany A, Sixth United States Infantry.
stationed at Fort Leavenworth, has been
placed in a room in' the post hospital. •'"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 6.-John Lanker-
Ehim. whose arrest for the alleged theft
of an automobile is reported from Boston,
is a son of Jamfs B. Lankershim. a well
known Los" Angeles capitalist. The son
has been at Harvard two years and hi»
friends here nay he is Just completing his
cophomore ytar. The family is one of the
best known In this part of the State, the
father being the owner of some of the
finest real estate in thi« city, owning a
business block bearing his name which la
considered one of the finest office build
ings here. Lakershim Is very wealthy
and has only one son and a daughter. He
te now in Europe and is expected home In
two months.
John Lankershim was raised in thin
Lankerehim was arrested in hi3 room 5
Trinity Hall, a fashionable Harvard dor
mitory. When arrested he made
l!«ht of the affair and told the officers
that bis father would pay a thousand
times the value of the automobile if nec
essary.
.; The police claim that Lankershim led
•them a merry chase. Ever since the
_; automobile was stolen three detectives,
also in automobiles, have been on the
J trail of Lankershim. who, with a party" of
student friends, was touring New Eng
land in the motor car. The automobile
.was located in Providence yesterlay, but
Lankershim and his friends had desert
. «d it.
Lankerehim is registered in the college
catalogue as living in New York, but the
police Kay that he is a son of a wealthy
Los Angeles man. Lankershim is the
t,hird Harvard student arrested within
two" weeks on charges of burglary. When
;he was arrested he was packing
his trunk preparatory to sailing to Europe
•to-morrow to meet his father, who is now
in Paris. •
BOSTON, aiacs., July 6.— John Lanker-
Bhlm. aged H. a member of the class of
1506 of Harvard University, was arrested
to-day on the charge of breaking into the
.automobile station of Kenneth Skinner, in
Boston, on June 14. and stealing there
from an automobile valued at $350. ,.J1— '.
Ejwdtl Dlepatch to The Call.
; The Simla correspondent of the Dally
Mail telegraphs that Sir Ernest Satow.
British Minister; at jjj Peking, will .' arrive
there July 7 to' confer with Lord'Curzoh,
JViceroy.of India.. The visit Is generally
attributed to the aspect of affairs ft^ Man
churia,' as ; an* Anglo-Russian rupture
would closely affect ' India through Af
ghanistan/ ¦ /
LONDON, July 6.— A dispatch to the
Standard from \ Tientsin says it is ' the
opinion in' Russian circles there that an
outbreak of hostilities In the far East
is inevitable. } It Is reported that Japan is
mobilizing her ..forces. It is -thought in
Tientsin that tho Japanese, in the event
of war, would 1 have everything in their
f a von . They are certainly better prepared
than the Russians. • . - • . " , ." ' ; , ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
city and has hosts of friends here. He is
regarded as a manly fellow and there has
never been a breath of suspicion as to his
honesty. His friends who have heard of
his arrest attribute it to an escapade of
a college student rather than to" any de
tire to steal. 'Had he wanted, an _ automo
bile there was no necessity for' stealing
one; because he can readily, command suf
licient money to, purchase one. -
Rudolph grasped an electric. light wire
that led to the ground and slid' down fifty
feet, when the wire snapped, precipitating
him to the ground. ' Regaining his feet in
stantly, he ran through Sergeant Daw
son's residence to the street and was
.gone!
Shortly.. before ,hls .escape to-day. Ru
dolph was let out of his cell'to be shaved.
The exercise corridor at • the time, con
tained about twenty prisoners. - The
guards were engaged In locking" up the
prisoners for. the night, when, -as 'Rudolph
passed through the # east end of the exer
cise corridor, ! a 'fight broke out', among
the prisoners In the west end. The ma-,
Jority of the guards ran to separate the
fighting prisoners and Rudolph 'quickly
ran 4 up three flights of stairs, Jumped to
the top" of the cells and In a flash had
swung himself, by. the aid of an Iron
girder, to the 'skylight and the next mo
ment had forced the skylight open and
was out upon the roof, sixty.' feet from
the ground.'
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— William Rudolph of
Union, Mo., who has been confined in the
city Jail for several months on the charge
of having participated' in the robbery of
the " bank at ' Union last winter, and who
is also charged with the killing of Detec
tive. Schumacher, who was attempting to
arrest him, made a desperate escape from
jail at 4:45 o'clock this afternoon and Is
still at large. ' . . , . -.„-.'!,/•?•-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Japan Is Said to
* Be Mobilizing
Her Forces.
Mystery Envelops
Case of Captain
Taggart.
Desperate Robber
Risks His Life
to. Escape.
Shortly after 10 o'clock at
night the Pontiff received extreme
unction. At 9 o'clock his condi-
perceptjble breathing. Pope Leo
awoke wet with perspiration,
feeble in the extreme and his voice
hardly audible.
The fits of coughing had
brought pains in his chest and
shoulders, and, thinking, his end
was now near, he said to Dr. Lap
poni:
"Tell me when the time really
comes."
The doctor assured his Holiness
that he believed the danger of his
immediate passing was averted
for the night and for to-day.
These seemingly last moments
of Pope Leo are full of solemnity.
Perhaps his last hours would be
less melancholy and sad if the
august sufferer were less conscious
of the circumstances and his mind
less clear as to the duration of
time remaining to him before he
enters eternity. Although his
physical powers are at the lowest
ebb and his breathing becomes
more labored, 'the Pope's mind is
clear, as is manifest to all around
him by his bright, expressive
eyes and the few words he
now and then succeeds in
uttering. The scene is so
touching that those present can,
scarce restrain their tears. Count
Camillo Pecci, the Pope's nephew,
whom the dying man kept by his
bedside yesterday, was so ex
hausted last night by his contend
ing emotions that he had to be
taken from his uncle's room, com
pletely worn out. A few moments
before, as he stood bowed beside
the bed. Pope Leo laid his hand
on his head with paternal affec
tion, saying, "Take courage."
HOSTILITIES
LOOKED FOR
IN FAR EAST
NOTED ARMY
MAN IS HELD
IN HOSPITAL
POLICE SAY
HE STOLE A
MOTOR CAR
SLIDES DOWN
LIGHT WIRE
TO FREEDOM
POPE AWAKENS FROM DEATH LIKE SLEEP AT DAWN
PITIFULLY FEEBLE BUT WITH MIND UNWEAKENED
The San Francisco Call.DENVER, July 6.— Mabel Brown, aged
20 yearB, was found dead In her house on
Market street this ¦> morning. HeT^ hands
were ,bound; arid Uhere was evidence that
she tiad,boen strangled. Y.There is no clew
to ' the murderer. - The caae : in i many;*of
its , details : strongly suggested ; the 8«rtes
of i murders 5 by : strangulation ; which \ took
place in"; this neighborhood; some -years
ago. . - ' --"¦¦ '; ' ' ' ¦ ! ;,'" "' f- '¦'--:•:-:
Kills Himself Week After Marriage.
DENVER, July. 6.-Ferdinand V. Voor
hees, a stenographer employed at the
Denver National Bank, committed suicide
this afternoon . near Sloan's, Lake, in j the
suburbs of , this city. Voorhees was 29
years of age and was married a week ago
to Miss Bessie Ayer, , who recently came
here s from Pennsylvania: j He was a son
of -W. D. Voorhees,; postmaster at Falr
vieV, 111., and.has a brother. Condlt Voor
hees. living in Chicago. The cause of the
suicide is not known. "
POLICE FIND NO TRACE /
OF MISSING HUSBAND
Mrs. Dorothy Manning Leaves Port
land Believing That He Met
With Foul Play.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 6.— No trace has
yet been found of Frank Manning, the
Southern Pacific clerk who mysteriously
disappeared Saturday, leaving behind his
young bride of a week. The wife, Dor
othy Manning (nee Bloom) of San Fran
cisco, left to-nigbt for her home.
Mrs. Bloom, came to Portland this af
ternoon and in the evening started back
with her daughter. Neither Mrs. Man
ning nor her mother will believe -that
Manning is a deserter. They are confident
that he has met with foul play. The po
lice have followed up every clew and are
convinced that it is a . clear case of de
sertion. ;.',.
PERSONAL BELONGINGS
RUINED BY VANDAL
Clothing and Photographs Destroyed
During Absence of
Owner.
RICHMOND, July 6.— While Mrs. Anna
Parker ww out ¦ on the bay with her
brother, Joseph Brown, a"hd a sister, on
July 4, some one entered her house, and
cut and - tore her dresses and small be
longings.
A photograph of Mrs. Parker, which wais
on the bureau in her room, was slashed
into' bits.
. Mrs. Parker ; suspects ¦ that ; the „ outrage
was committed by a' man, in San*'Fran
cisco, wnose suit - for • her hand : she ". re
pulsed some weeks ago. ."- ¦'¦-'. M
HUTCHIXSON. Kan., July 6.— Robert
Grose of Went Plains was acquitted to-day .> of
the charge of 'having murdered John Newberry
on - June 19/ AVrien - arrested Groi=« -.told > the
Sheriff that Newfcerry ' was • killed by two ne
groes. . Evidence * at the ; trial ' bore out this
statement. . /^ •.
Dewey Resigns the Presidency.
WASHINGTON, July <5.— Admiral Dewey
has re3lsned as president of the Thomaa
Jefferson Memorial Association, and Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles has been elected to
succeed him.
SANTA ROSA. July 6.— President Foster
and Superintendent Zook of the California
Northwestern Railway arrived at the
scene of the fire hero early thia morning
and began Immediately to have the depot
debris cleared away. A temporary depot
was erected north of the old site. The
Devereaux warehouse will be used hs a
temporary freight depot. At present Sta
tion Agent Spridgeon is using a box car
for hiM telegraph and ticket office.
The railroad officials could not estimate
precisely the extent of the company's loss,
but all agreed that it was over $60,000.
The Santa -Rosa Tanning Company's
loss is J12.000. with insurance ot $6625. The
Santa Rosa Bank owned the Cnopius &
De G*ns warehouse and it was vjilued at
SSOOO, with insurance of $r».W>. Cnopius &
D^ Gens had JiOOO worth of stock in the
warehouse and they carried $200) insur
ance. Lee Brpthers & Co.'s damage by
the burning of a small barn was $200, with
no insurance. W. T. Spridgeon's will ex
ceed $1500 in addition to the small insur
ance carried by him.
Conflagration at Santa Rosa Not Al
lowed to Interfere -With
Susiness.
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
WILL HURRY NEW DEPOT
y*!KNNA, July 7.— A Rome dispatch
g J to the Neuc Freie Presse quotes a
private .letter written to a friend
by Dr. Mazzoni. which says:
"The Pope possesses astounding vital
ity. His mind is as tranquil and still as
a torch on a. calm night. He speaks about
life ?.nd death T'ith the same beautiful
serenity. To-day he said to Cardinal
Mathieu: 'Great France. She has caused
me much pain, but has also given me
much consolation and joy.' "
The same correspondent reports that,
ECZEMA, NO CUBE, NO PAY.
*our 'IrueelM will refund -your money if.PAZO
OINTMKN'T7fa(ls to cure Ringworm, Tetter.
Old ricer* ;%:\ Sores. Pimples and Blackh?ad8
on the face, and all ekin diseases. CO cent*. •
BERLIN. July 6.— ThcTappblatt's Rome
correspondent telegraphs that Pope J,eo
has decided to leave his savings, amount
ing to several million lire, as a private
fund for his successor.
Disposition of Pope's Savings.
SAN PEDRO. July 6.— A blaze attended
with a fatality and undoubtedly ! of In
cendiary origin occurred early this morn
ing in the small town of Wilmington, five
miles north of this city. '
T. B. Goodnight and his wife, each
about C years of age. conducted a small
fruit store in a building on Canal street,
a portion of which was used by them for
living quarters. With them resided a son.
E. Goodnight, aged S3 years. Or. last Sat
urday night the rear of the building was
discovered to be in (lames, but the blaza
was extinguished by several young men
living in the village.
This morning about 2 o'clock the Good
night family was awakened by another
blazo in the rear of their home. They
all managed to escape with much diffi
culty. Mrs. Goodnight ran around the
front of the building and entered for the
purpose of saving a sura of money which
she had in a purse in one of the front
rooms*. She had only taken a few steps
Into th* burning building when she fell,
overcome by th« smoko and flames. Her
husband and son dash«»d after her, bat
could not ?ucrp*d in saving her. and were
compelled to leave hT to perish.
In making the attempt to rescue hl.i
wifo the husband received Much severe
burns that he cannot possibly recover-.
The son was also badly burned. The fire
was undoubtedly cf incendiary origin, and
Sheriff White of Los Angeles is making
an effort to locate the culprit.
Sprcial Dispatch to The Call.
No. 4 is certainly a hoodoo engine. Its
bad luck commenced over fifteen years
a«ro, when Ensineer Charles Lucas was
killed In a wreck between this city and
Sausalito.- On June 1? engine No. 4 pulled
the ill-fated funeral train to TomaJes.
This trip cost the lives of two persons
and the serious injury of thirty more.
The train left Sausalito at 10 p. m. and
was ordered to leave Cazadero on the
down trip at 3:23 this morning. It reached
Millerton about 12:30. The moon had gone
down arid the track ran through thick
foliage. About one-half mile from Pisto
lesl the forward engine struck something
which proved to be a dead cow. The loco
motive gave a lurch, toppled over on its
siiie and became uncoupled from engine
No. 7. Engineer Hamilton at
his post and went over with his engine.
Fireman, Beal attempted to jump, but
was eaucht and pinioned .down. Engineer
Dixon threw on. the a.ir brakes of the sec
ond engine and then he and his fireman,
Stebbina, Jumped. .
Hamilton's body was extricated from
the debris and upon examination it was
found he had fiye ribs. broken and his
skull was fractured in several places.
Fireman Beal. was cut about the head and
face. Engineer Dixon had his back badly
wrenched, while Fjreman gtebblns was
badly bruised.
Hamilton was a native son and 38 years
old. He was married and leaves a wife
and two children In Sausalito. He worked
for railroads for many years, havbisr come
tn the North Shore Company from the
Southern Pacific. He was engaged for
several years also on the Great Northern
and Guatemala Central. ¦V.*;^
near Monte Rio. a summer resort near
Cazadero, and Manager Rank deemed it
essential that a big gang' of men be
taken to the scene to tight the flames.
Otherwise no one would have been in the
coaches except the train crew.
A double-header passenger train with
130 Italian laborers en route from Sausa
lito to Cazadero was derailed between
Camp 1'istolesi and Millerton. in Murln
County. The accident occurred about 1
o'clock this morning, at a time when the
train was running on level cround and
not going at a high rate of speed.
Th«j (rain was composed of engines 4
and 7, with six passenger coaches. Engine
No. 4 was In the lead, with Engineer Ham
ilton at the throttle, and Fireman ,Beal
in the cab. Locomotive No. 7^had, Engi
neer T. Fj. Dixon and Fireman Stebblns
aboard. Conductor P. de Sells had charge,
of the train, while W. M. Rank, general
manager of the company, and the laborers
occupied the 'coaches.
The train was cchedu;ed to run from
Sauealito to Cazadero empty, in order to
bring the Fourth of July., excursionists
back to-day from the up-country resorts.
A large' forest and grass fire was raging
This time Engineer Fred Hamilton,
one of the most efllcient locomotive
drivers of the company, was killed. Fire
man O. A; Stcbbins and George A. Beal
were seriously Injured. Once again No. i.
one of the oldest, but considered one of
the best encines of the company, was
instrumental in causing death, and a dead
cow lying across the track was the direct
cause of the accident.
the North Shore Railway. Within
two weeks there has been much wrecking
of trains and loss of life. It was hoped
that the end of the series of accidents
had been reached, but to-day there was
another.
-. Special Dispatch to The Call. . '
SAN July 6.— Like the
poet's solitary- woes, that tread
each other's heels, disaster seems
to follow close upon disaster on
fornia.
Incendiary Causes Death
In Southern Cali-
"His pulse has become, to use a med
ical term, evanescent, which means al
rnpEt imperceptible. The Pope, except
during the *hort periods of uneasiness,
when his cough is troublesome, is gener-
"The truth is that the Por>e'i» condition
fs stationary, which means that It is very
Riave. I will go so far as to say that, al
though he may live for several days, it
would be cherishing an illusion to think
lie may recover unless some unforeseen
crisis occurs.
•'Unfortunately/' said Dr. Lapponi, "I I
cxnnot give you any really consoling I
news. I cannot share the optimism which
is spreading to-day, which is not owing
to a definite chanse for the better, but to
the spirit of the Pope, who is giving fur
ther proof that his indefatigable energy
continues. !
y^ OME. July 6.-Dr. Lapponi was in-
LS terviewfd during his brief absence
V. from the Vatican to-day. It was
easy to read in the pale face the Pipns of
anxious days and ni^ht? spent watching
his august patient, while His words proved
unmistakably how dcrp an affection he
bcr«* for Pone Leo. ¦
WOMAN PERISHES
IN THE FLAMES
ENGINEER WHO WAS KILLED IN*
AN ACCIDENT ON THE NORTH
SHORE LINE. ' /,:
Hopes Conclave
Will Remember
Church Rights
As to his ability to reach Rome in time
to participate in the election of a Pope
to succeed I.eo. he said;
'"Everything will depend upon the time
of the Pope's death. If he should pass
away at such a time as will enable me to
catch a steamer within a day I should
be able to make the journey within the
prescribed time without difficulty. If
nothing Interfered 1 should be able to
reach Rome in nine days, and that would
be sufficient. The conclave must begin to
?it within ten days, but evrn if I did not
reach the Vatican until eleven days I
should still be in time, as there would be
the allowance of one day of grace. Thus
everything depends upon catching the
Steamship irs time."
Cardinal Gibbons expressed the opinion
that in view of the Pope's long-expected
demise, everything had been arranged to
expedite the Svork of the . conclave in
charge of his successor.
"In the death of Pope l^eo XJII. I shall
lose a dear friend and a father. I have
known him for twenty years and with an
ever increasing admiration of his char
acter. He was distinguished by a singu
lar, nbbi'.itv of mind, which made his in
fluence felt within the church and with
out."
.qALTIMORE, Md., July 6.-Cardinal
J^ Gibbons returned to this city to-day
from Westminster, near which
place he had made all preparations to
sail for Rome immediately in the event of
the Pope's death. Cardinal Gibbons said:
Noted American
Prelate Pays
Tribute to Leo
AYhoti.tho house was floating in mid
stream, nearly opposite the Pennsylvania
.Railroad station, persons : who were
watching the floating residence saw the
shingles of . the roof suddenly fly off.
With a piece of board the frenzied woman
was trying to get out on the roof in the
hope of savins hersell". Her strength
failed her, however, and with uplifted
hands Mrs. Shrader went to her grave.
Shortly after the house was broken up by
others hitting it the body of the drowned
woman wifl seen to float out into the
stream, but despite all efforts to rescue
her, she went down with the debris.
Almost together with ¦: the dajn in Oak
ford Park the Fort Pftt dam "north of
this place gave way, carrying wide de
struction along the valley of Bull Creek,
which empties into the larger stream of
Brush Creek in the lower part of Jean
nette. The Fort Pitt dam served to sup
ply the Fort Pitt glass works at that
point. It was rebuilt about eight years
ago, when it was torn down in the same
manner as yesterday. To add to- the
alarm caused by the disaster in Oakford
Park it was reported this morning that
the bis: reservoir of the Westmoreland
Water Company, at Radabaugh, about a
mile from this town, was likely to give
wa^y and that the people in the vicinity
had taken flight and -fled to the uplands.
The suddenness of *he disaster, together
with the attendant features, was indeed
pathetic. • YestertJay afternoon most of
the people were attracted to the park by
the children's orchestra, a juvenile . mu
sical organization which held its open
air concert. The band was playing when
the storm came. up. Many of the young
musicians,- who were girls,, hurried and
grabbed their; instruments and ran into
the building .used- as a roller-coaster, to
the taughing gallery and the tent cover
ing-the merry-go-round. AH^these build-
Ings with the exception ot the roller
coaster building and a portion of the mer
ry-go-round were Swept away..
WOMAN'S AWFUL DEATH.
Mrs. Schrador, one of the victims, was
asleep in her home at the time thp flood
started. When Mrs. Sohrnder awoke she
tried to set out of her home. As Rhe
opened the front door in view of a score
of people who were" watching, the water
rushed in and the imprisoned, woman, old
as she was, saw her peril and rushed to
the second floor of her house. Then her
house was swept from: its foundations and
taken down with the swirling current.
"A rescuing party was organized imme
diately after the wall of water had passed.
Dr. Freshwater Mates this morning that
thoy had rescued fully. 1M persons who
had been thrown into the water by their
houses being overturned. Many houses
were seen by them floating down the
stream, upside down, sideways and in
every possible manner.
Dawn broke, to-day on a -scene of devas
tation and ruin along the Brush Creek
Valley. From the sight of the break of
the dam, taking in the towns of Jean
nette. Penn, Larimer, Greensburg, Irwin,
Burrcll and . Manor, the awful power of
the; rushing waters following! the break
ing of the dam is apparent on all sides.
Stories of thrilling rescues are heard on
all sides and many acts of bravery are
reported^ the heroes being persons who
risked ..their lives- to save others. - One
man whose nam.j roujd not-hfy i ra rn<-<l
was" seen br, several ' persons itoVmakp a.
hardy effort to irescueSfa* woman,*presum
ably^ his wife, shortly after the flood hit
the waiting-room. The- man was in an
apparently snfc'position amongsome sap
lings.- In his struggles to get to the
woman h£ lost his hold an'd both were
swept away with the current and prob
ably,lost.
VALLEY OF DESOLATION.
'/Jeannette,
The missing are: Miss Mary Griffith. 20.
Rochester, Pa.; Miss Kate Cona Ware, 22.
Jt-annete; Jacob Anderson. 38, Greensburg;
two small sons -of Jacob Anderson,
Greensburg; Miss Mary Beaver. IS, Pitts
burg: Daniel Bradt, 23. Wilmerding; Mrs.
Catherine Fink. SO, wife of Henry Fink;
Martin Pressler, 16, Arona; John McGurk,
40. West Jeannette r George Williams, 35.
Jeannette: Alexander Victor. Curtis
Moore, Samuel Vogel and Alfred Sipe, all
of Jeannette.
MRS. CYRUS SHRADER. 70,
JE ANNETTE, Pa., July 6.— As a result
of the breaking of the Oakford Park dam
yesterday twenty 1 - persons are known to
be, dead and sixteen are missing.' The
property loss in the valley will re_ach
$1,500,000,- and the distress is so great that
outside relief must be asked for. .
Following is a list of the identified dead
and missing reported up to.vlO. o'clock to
night. The dead: • : . '-.__. . r
MISS LUCY CRUM, 24 years of age, of
Jeannette. ' - ' ' ,¦
MISS GERTRUDE KEEFER, 2i, Jean
nette. - . v - ' ;
MISS CATHERINE., DONNELLY. 27.
Grapeville. • * ' ..
JOSEPH B^OWN, 22, single. West Jean
nette. : .T . ' ' " ' „ ' '¦:.-' '
MISS: SISSY BIRD." 10. Jeannette.
MISS EVELYN WIGGS. 20. Pittsburg.
JOSEPH OBERLE. 32. Indianapolis, Ind.
JOHN McCANN, 18, Jeannette.
MARY GILLEPIE, 12, Grapeville. •'*
ANNIE GILLESPIE. 10, sister of Mary.
ALBERT BROWN. 25, Plttsburg.
JOHN FLEMING. 18. Greensburg..
JAMES WESTWOOD..35. Penn Station.
JOSEPH WEIGHTMAN, 10, Penn Sta
tion. r ' :.
MRS. WILLIAM NEGAR, 50. Penn Sta
tion. . :,;
THREE CHILDREN of Mrs. William
Negar. . - . ;
HENRY FINK. So,* Jeannette.
Damage to Property in Brush Creek
Valley, in Pennsylvania, Caused
by Breaking of Dam Will
Beach $1,500,000.
The Pope himself seemed persuaded
that this illness was his last and he ac
cordingly settled his affairs. Though
awaiting the end calmly, his mind was
clear and he still gave attention to mun
dane matters, despite the fact that he has
been wajned by his doctors, who feared
that his keen intellect might wear away
the frail sheath In which it was encased.
Toward evening the Pope grew worse
and the news spreading, together with
the tone of th<* last bulletin, caused con
siderable alarm. A correspondent saw
Mazzoni, who repeated in substance what
Dr. ,!Lapponi had said in the afternoon,
adding that to-night It was necesrary to
keep- up the Pontiff's strength through
artllicial respiration. Dr. Mazzoni at 10
o'clock expressed the opinion: that Pope
iljcb might live perhaps two days, with
out-excluding the hypothesis of a possi
ble ultimate recovery.*"
The Pope's illness Is a case in point.
During the whole of Friday and of Sat
urday, in spite of the blazing July sun
shine, cabs thronged the colonnades of
the Plaza of St. Peter's, the occupants
questioning the guards on duty at the
doors of the Vatican, watching the in
gress and egress of ecclesiastical and
other dignitaries and obtaining from them
if possible information regarding the
health of the illustrious patient.
Then came Sunday. The Pope seemed
to be sinking fast and hope died away
on the announcement that, the viaticum
would be. administered in the evening.
But as night wore on and the solemn rite
was accomplished, ¦ and, contrary to ex
pectation, a slight improvement in the
Pontiff's condition was observed, the anx
iety diminished and tn<» crowds dwindled
away. Some persons believed" that the
amelioration was only temporary, the last
effort of failing vitality and that It would
be followed immediately by corresponding
prostration, but this surmise proved in
correct. All day yesterday the improve
ment was maintained.
**<k OME, July G.— Since the Pope's ill—
MJ ness assumed- its serious character
**^^,there has been no marked change in
the symptoms and the alternation from
hope to fear in the minds of the physi
cians has given place to a certain feeling
of apathy on the part of the populace.
For centuries the, Romans had been ac
customed to .the rise and fall of systems
of government and to changes of rulers.
This doubtless affected the present gener
ation, causing them to regard without
anxiety or. even keen .interest events of
this nature.
Rome's Populace
Grows apathetic
As Death Nears
Sixteen Persons Are Missing
... and May Have Been'
i Drowned.
Invalid's Energy
Fails to Raise
Lapponi's Hopes
From the piazza of Bt. Peter's groups
t)T watchers can see figures flitting to and
fro past the lighted windows of the pal
ace, an unusual number of which are il
luminated.
It is considered certain that the visit to
France of tlte King and Queen of Italy.
now arranged for July IS. will be post
poned, as In the event of a fatal termina
tion of the Pope's illness King Victor
Kramanucl will not be able to leave the
Kingdom until the successor to the pon
tifical throne has been elected and in
itialled.
One of the strangest features in his
condition fs the interest the Pope takes in
telegrams inquiring about his health. Yes
terday, having heard that a French lady
whom he had received in audience a few
weeks ago had telegraphed a message of
sympathy, he asked to see the message.
*ind when Monsignor Pifferl brought it
he was not allowed to look at the mes
paire, but wished to read it.
After the administration of the viaticum
telegrams hoping for his recovery were
shown to the Pope, and he appeared to be
much gratified.
Monsignor Piffcri, Pope Leo's confessor,
administered the extreme unction, and
v.-hen the ceremony was over his Holiness
sank back on the pillow with apparent
great relief that all was done and that
he was entering into rest after his long
pilgrimage.
tion seemed so hopeless that only
a short time apparently remained
before he would glide into his last
sleep. At Dr. Lapponi's initiative
a hasty consultation of the Pope's
relatives, Cardinal Rampolla and
other ecclesiastics was held and it
was decided that extreme unction
should be given. The Pontiff re
ceived the announcement with his
usual calmness, and, though
scarcely able to speak audibly, he
said he knew his time had come
and he was ready to appear be
fore the sublime tribunal with full
trust in the divine mercv.
speaking with Cardinal Oreglia yesterday,
his Holiness expressed the hope that the
conclave would not forget, the , wrong done
the Holy- • See ¦ in • 1870 aria would elect a
man who would defend the rights of the
church, Its liberty and Independence. . He
also strongly recommended the Cardinal
to insure the seclusion of the conclave
from all outside influence.
"The disease, as' announced in the first
bulletin, is senile pneumonia in a torpid
form, which is now at its maximum In
tensity, but which may have begun un
observed before the Pope complained of
any feeling of illness."
"Nothing medical science can suggest
and his organism can stand has been left
untried— for instance, oxygen, cutaneous
revulsives, digitalis and caffeine, which
also have been Injected to produce more
rapid effect.
"What surprises all who approach him
is that there has been no change in the
lucidity of his Intellect, which disease has
not affected. For instance, not a single
detail of the ceremony of the last com
munion escaped the Pope's observation.
He sooke of it with great interest, 1 re
calling each personage who participated.
"The worst symptom, apart from the
feebleness of the Pontiff's pulse, is his
low temperature, which Is stationary at
31 centigrade. He continues to take nour
ishment at short intervals, but not in suck
quantities as his weakness requires or his
doctors wish. -
ally bright and in good spirits, and dis
plays great force of character.
"This morning, again, at his own wish,
he left his bed and seated- himself in his
arm chair, as he finds a sitting posture
more comfortable than being recumbent.
Twenty Victims Ac
counted For in Jean- >
-r ¦ nette Disasters •
Continued from Page 1, Column 7.
Venerable Patient Appears Greatly Relieved After the
Administration of the Viaticum, Which Signals the
Rapidly Wearing Close of His Long Pilgrimage
DEATH'S LIST
HAS NAMES
OF A SCORE
APPROACH OF HIS FINAL REST
FINDS LEO'S SPIRIT TRANQUIL
Firemen Receive Severe Injuries When a Deacf Animal on the Track Near
Millerton, in Marin- County, Sends the Foremost Locomotive Off the
¦ Rails and Shakes Up More Than One Hundred Laborers in the Coaches
NORTH SHORE TRAIN STRIKES A COW
AND AN ENGINEER LOSES HIS LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CAIili, TUESDAY, JULY: 7, 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KpiwiiKitl / i m
Way Ahead I
When perfection Is reached that ends it. H
It is thus that B
Hunter
Ion its quality and purity has passed B
HUMBERT MERCANTILE CO.. W
213-215 Market et.. Ean Francisco, Cal. - 3
KITCHEN REQUISITES.
¦ffl[MSlwASL-4~^d Jim Dumps said, "Wife, your bread and cake
E3%gS3BSnf3*^ Are not like mother used to make."
fl 1 But when he ate, with cream, of course, J fL
fig V r Baked apples In a nest of "Force," I|
B f K f Which his good wife had fixed for him, l|
Ml A // \ "This beats Ma's food I"cried "Sunny Jim,** B
Carres Little for Other Food. 7^^^^!^^^
. ' WL felt that I owed it to "your company to express my, . -1^^* n •
... '"'¦ m : csteem * or a f°°d» which by using has caused me to feel 11^^NEW HAVEN, Conn., July 6.— The body
of the man who committed suicide by
shooting In Whltneyvllle last Thursday
has been identified as that of Sculptor
John Donoghue of New York. TbViden
tiflcatlon was made by D. H. Robbins of
New York, who said that a few day's ago
he received a note from Donoghue an
nouncing his intention to commit suicide.
"NEAV YORK, July 6.— Donoghue's sui
cide is said to have been • the result of
despondency due to the rejection of his
design for a $50,000 memorial to the late
President McKlnley, which it is proposed
to' erect In Philadelphia. - Donoghue .had
executed some notable pieces of sculpture
that : were " highly praised, both at ho'me
and in Europe.. He was of a modest and
Sculptor John Donognue
of New York Kills
Himself.
• Thank you for - kindly : greetings. May the
last link In ; the- Commercial . Pacific cable
strengthen all ;. the others , binding ; us together.
.Similar 'cablegrams passed between^ the
Honolulu commercial bodies and the Mer
chants'I Association" of this city. ."
Extend Ertetlnc s to " the Chamber of Com
merce of ' San • Franc»sco upon this auspicious
occasion -of the. laying of - the last link of the
Commercial-' racinc Cable Company's cable
which : unites American Islands of the , Pacific
with mainland.
, The following reply was sent to Hono
lulu:."' ' * -;.
The Chamber of Commerce of. this city
and' Bister. organizations in the Hawaiian
Islands exchanged congratulations yester
day* over the completion of the Pacific
cable. -The following ; message was re
ceived, from the Merchants' Association
and the Chamber of Commerce of Hono
lulu :
Commercial Organizations of , Hono
lulu and This City Exchange :
¦ Felicitations.
REJOICE THAT PACIFIC
CABLE IS COMPLETED
SUICIDE'S BODY
IS IDENTIFIED
Police at Daw3on Are
Kept Busy by Many
Criminals.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TACOMA. Wash., July. 6.— The Dawson
police are" working on^robberles In which
nearly $10,000 in; gold and goods has been
taken during the I last two weeks7~ The
sluice boxes on the McConnel bench claim
were . robbed two weeks ago of $6000 In
gold dust. George Taylor was the loser.
Dryjgoods.and clothing worth $1500 were
taken , from a ..warehouse < at ' Dawson ' and
sold to other : merchants.; Max Stelnfleld
and Sam Levy^have.been arrested arid the
goods- have been, recovered.' ¦'X%i$P&BS&BS&
. J...W. ; Stratton, . who just arrived . at
Dawson from" the 'outside, complained Ao
the police that he lost $1100, in bills' on the
steamer while • making \ the / trip
down' from White Horse." '
THIEVES TAKE
THE GOLD DUST
The retreat opened with a solemn pon
tifical benediction by the Archbishop and
most of the night was spent in prayer for
the recovery of Pope Leo. Following
short discourses and benedictions the en
tire assembly of priests united in chant
ing the rosary and litany and the office
was also chanted. Throughout the night
*a oEW YORK. July 6.— Archbishop
/^ / Farley took 170 of the priests of
/ his archdiocese into retreat at
• ™ St. , Joseph's Seminary, Dun
woodlp. v this evening. Although
the discourses of the retreat arc being
given by Father Jamos Casey of the
Jesuits' Collegein Baltimore, Archbtehop
Farley will direct personally and preside
at all of the services. ' : I--'
A drill like that in operation in North
ern California has arrived at Dawson and
will be used. to test property on Bonanza
Creek and later at Stewart River. These
drills, have proved successful in Siberia,
but in the v Klondike tney will have a new
feature to : contend with in the pevma
nently frozen ground.
Father Thomas Murphy, as rector of
St. .Patrick's Cathedral, who Is presiding!
in the absence of both Archbishop Farley
and Dr. Michael J. Lavella, who ha3
gone to Cliff Haven to open a Catholic
summer school, , will celebrate solemn
mass. In the cathedral to-morrow morn
ing. Some of the cathedral priests will
maintain 'vigil over prayer throughout
New York. At Monslgnor Mooney's
church also there was a guard at the
altar. The Vicar General himself re-
some.of the priests remained in the col
lege chapel at prayer. If the Pope still
lives all. of the masses at Dunwoodie to
morrow, morning will be offered for the
recovery , of the' sovereign Pontiff, and,
following the wish of Archbishop-Farley,
masses will be said throughout the entire
archdiocese.
mained at prayer many hours.' '
In the Church of St. Paul- the Apostle,
the Paullst Fathers' Parish, large repre
sentations of men's societies and temper
ance guilds spent the greater-part of the
night in prayer. At the Jesuit Fathers
churches some of the priests spent the
night kneeling before the altar. • In near
ly all of the convents, academies and
other institutions conducted by the Sacred
Heart Sisters of Charity and other or
ders there were religious devotions, pray
ers for the dying being said for the Pope.
There were services to-day and to-night
in the Church of the Immaculate Con
ception in East Fourteenth ' street. This
parish is under the care' of • Monslgnor
Edwards, who. in addition to having
known the Pope personally, presides over
a congregation which Is largely Italian.
Priests of Archbishop Farley's Diocese Spend Night in Prayer
for the Recovery of the Sovereign Pontiff.
Princes of the Church and Scenes at the Vatican.
The .parishioners of St. Joseph's Church
met last evening in, SL Joseph's Hall to
Rrrange for ; their annual picnic/The fol
lowing, general committee was appointed
to manage the affair:- .. . , ..
President, John T. :; Dowllng: vice ! president,
M.-: O. Hohanan ; secretary. .. Ed l . C. [ Curtis ; as
sistant secretary, Frank Schilling: treasurer.
Rev. P. . J. Keane; ¦ P. J. . Berry, s John ' P/ Mo-
Guire, A. A. McNeil, Thomas McKeon,- James
Murphy. Patrick Kilkenny,- Ed . Lucett, T T '
Otis. J. B. Gaffncy and M. A. Walsh.. -
Arrange for Annual Picnic.
WASHINGTON. July C— Postofflce estab
lished : California — Parts, Kern County, . Alex
ander D. C. McKay, postmajstir. Postoffics
discontinued July 81: California — Jordan. Mono
County, mall rocs to Lundy. Fourth-class
postmaster appointed:" California — Victor M.
Peterson.- Coles. Sleklyou County, vice Ellen J.
Cole*, reelpned.
Navy orders — Assistant Surgeon O. Kohlhase
Kr*>g to the • Naval ' Hospital at Mare Island.'
Acting Assistant Surgeon J. T. : Miller goes to
the navy yard at Mare Island. : . » ,
Army Order — The leave of absence granted
S»ocnd Lieutenant Alfred A. Hiekox. Fifteenth
Infantry. Department of California. Is extended
one month. ,. . :- : .
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
.Upon the arrival of the schooner at
Pago Pago a dispute arose between the
master and the .trader in the matter of
wages and the matter was taken to the
court and settled. The^trader then took
the vessel to Apia, in German Samoa, but
his papers were not satisfactory to the
United States Consul. General, the trader
being neither a mariner , nor a citizen of
the United States and he had .nothing to
show the ownership . of the vessel. The
trader was permitted to return to Pago-
Pago and the vesel is. lying idle, having
neither a qualified commander nor a law
ful owner in these waters.
TUTUILA, Samoa, June 23.-»-The Amer
ican-built schooner Siaflafi has had a
troubled " experience rince her arrival in
Samoan waters from San Francisco. The
Siaflafi sailed from- the latter port sev
eral months ago in command of an Amer
ican. The schooner was built to the or
der of George A. Moore & Co. of San
Francisco for the purpose of trading In
these waters.
CONSUL AT APIA TAKES .
CHAKGE OF A SCHOONER
*TJk ERLIN. July 6.— The North German
M^ Oazette refers at the head of its
• columns to the lively sympathy
which the Pope's illness has aroused in
Germany. Emperor Willam gave expres
sion thereto in a dispatch to the Vatican
iir.med:at< ly after the first eerious news
arrived here.
The TaK«?b!atfs correspondent tele
graphed that H has been Impossible to
k <¦¦<]» the Pope In bed and added that no
body ventured to prevent him getting up
¦when he demanded to do so with flash
ing eye.
The Pope, according to the Tageblatt,
FHid to Cardinal Agrlizrfle: "I will not die
in bed."
He went to his writing desk this morn
iv.z. selected with his own hand a memen
to for his favorite nenhew and then dic
tated to Cardinal Agliarde new additions
to a certain poem. Yesterday he dictated
to Monseicneur Angcll se\eral Latin
couplets on "Death."
Prayers Are Recommended
WASHINGTON, July €.-The apostolic
delegation at 8 o'clock to-night received
the following cablegram from Cardinal
Kampolla:
"Phenomenon of the illness of the h.oly
father more accentuated. Mind very
clear. Prayer? recommended."
BERLIN. July <5— The Cologne Volk* Z'-it
m;g says that American nrdfrs for 50.000 tons
nt rtefl rally, inrots, billet*. «*tc. have Just
b<>«-n flared in Westphallan establishments.
The Pope, even' when in good health,
tlept only four or five hours each night
and often in the morning his bed was un
disturbed and the Pope was found asleep
in the very chair before Lis writing table.
The Pope has always decupled but a few
simple rooms, containing little beyond
necessaries. His bed stands in an alcove,
separated from a large room by a cur
tain hanging gracefully over marble col
umns. Above the bed is a picture of the
Madonna and child. Beside it Is a prayer
table surmounted by a crucifix. A ward
robe acalnst the wall' faces- the bed and
between the latter and the wall Is a
couch. The rest of the room is used as a
study and contains a writing table with
a crucifix, a chair on a carpeted platform,
chairs and tables for the Pope's secreta
ries, writing materials and a few bocks,
among which are the works of Dante,
Virgil and Horace, besides" a Bible. The
only window , of the . combined bedroom
and study overlooks the colonnade of tfie
plaza of St. Peter's. Adjoining, is a
small room furnished only with an arm
chair and lounge, where the Pope some
times took an afternoon nap. The rooms
are on the same level as the famous log
gia of Raphael.
The Pope objected to having the'cxy
gen-lnhaling apparatus continuously un
der his nostrils and Dr.". Lapponi arranged
to Impregnate' the whole atmosphere . of
the room with oxygen.: :
"That Is much better." said the Pontiff.
"Before I felt as though I had lost my
liberty."
The dying Pope gave striking proof of
his well-known taste for the classics. He
had partly composed and partly corrected
a new Latin poem. This he intrusted to
Monseigneur Angeli. one of his private
secretaries, directing him to have It print
ed for publication, and adding:
"I shall die happier in thinking that
something will remain of me that I have
done at the very last moment."
When the Pope was informed of Em
peror Francis Joseph's dispatch, commu
nicated to the Vatican by the Austrian
Embassy, ho said:
"The Emperor and I are the only sur
vivors of a past generation."
On hearing of the Austrian Embassador
at the Vatican. Count de Temerin, being
ill, the Pope expressed his sorrow at his
illness. :¦'.-. t ., .:
The Pontiff made further inquiries as to
what communications had been received
at the Vatican from foreign rulers and
was extremely pleased to learn that MJ
Lazzard. the French Embassador to the
Vatican, had. in spite of the strained re
lations between the French republic and
the Holy See. called daily during the Pon
tiff's illness and had expressed to Cardi
nal Rampolla the concern of the French
Government as well as that of President
Loubet.
More than 500 telegrams expressing sym
pathy with the Pope and asking for news
of his condition arrived at the Vatican to
day. Including messages from President
Roosevelt. King Edward and Emperor
Francis Joseph. Dowager Queen Mar
gherita is reported to have asked about
news of the Pontiff. The most important
telegrams of Inquiry are communicated to
the Pope.
After receiving the sacrament yester
day the Pope said:
"I am now near my end. I do not know
if all I have done is good, but I certainly
obeyed my conscience and our faith."
The Pontiff yesterday ordered that a
piano be given to his grand nephews, also
giving directions that they should be told
that the Pope thtfught of them in his last
moment.
All those who saw the Pope
were struck by his energy. He was re
ported as still addressing those about him.
"No doubt," the Pontiff is reported to
have said, "I am near my end, but I want
to die in harness."
•^OME, . July 6.— The newspapers
m_M ner e contained many conflicting
JF^r statements about the Pope and
«¦> his condition during the day.
"Now. "I am read y - to depart, having
settled all my affairs. I feel I have done
all In my power for tha' good of the
church and of humanity."
Tlu» Pope durfrig the day also received
Count Rlccardo Xpecci, another nephew,
and spoke to him with great serenity of
the probability that he would not long
be with him. and then the Pontiff re
ceived his secretaries, Monselgneurs An
geli and Marcllonl, conversing with them
regarding personal affairs, instructing
them about his writings and* giving direc
tions as to the disposal of his books.
Although Dr. Lapponi continuously rec
ommended that the patient cease to speak
and pay no attention to what was goi
ing on. the Pope said, smilingly; to Dr.
Lapponi:
"I know you say this because of your
affection for me, but either, my last day
is rapidly approaching, in which I must
employ all the time that is left to m^ so
far as I can, or else I shall recover, again
postponing the end. If this is the will of
the Almighty, nothing can change it."
The Pope wished his arm chair to be
carried near his writing table and then to
the window overlooking the piazza of St.
Peter. Noticing many people in carriages
the Pope said: ~~ -
"The piazza looks as it «.loes when I am
able to perform some public function."
The only persons allowed In the Pope's
bedroom this morning, besides the doc
tors and attendants, were Cardinal Ram
polla. Mgr. Bislettl, the master of the
pontifical chambers, and Brigadier Gen
eral Count- Camilla Pecci or the Noble
Guard, a nephew of the Pope. The Pope
conversed for a long time with Count
Pecci. even rising and walking about the
room for a few minutes, leaning on His
arm. The Pontiff on this occasion ' re
marked: ,';,:-.".: :; t^;;
Remarkable Energy of the Dying Pontiff
Amazes His Attendants.
German Kaiser
Sends Message
of Sympathy
€ince the earliest days of Victoria's
reign Leo has dominated the Imagination
and held the affectionate esteem of the
British nation. Queen Victoria ranked
the Pope among the greatest leaders of
mankind. On the occasion of the Jubilee
of his priesthood in 18S7 Victoria sent a
special envoy with valuable gifts and an
address of congratulation to his Holiness,
who acknowledged the honor with touch
ing eloquence and cordiality and availed
himself of every opportunity to foster the
good relations thus attested.
King Edward's recent visit to the Pope
strengthened the Anglo- Vatican entente
and did much to allay the irritation
which had begun to appear in the form of
a protestation of the Catholic church in
England on account of the sovereign's
anti-Catholic coronation declaration. The
King's courtesy was construed as show
ing the pure formality of the insult and
the capability of the English, in their
regard for greatness, to rise above the
mechanism of English law.
. It is recalled that many years ago Leo,
as unknown Joachim Peeci, visited the
London slums and won the hearts of the
common people. His observations of that
time have been woven Into the fabric cf
p.ll his subsequent thinking and shone
forth prominently in the great encyclical
cf IST'1 on the condition of the working
cla? ses. As Pontiff Leo never forgot the
English people and inspired the clergy to
those strenuous and ceaseless efforts that
have eone so far to mitigate the gloom
cf Elum life in modern Britain.
despondency in the Vatican. Omin
ous news Is spreading throughout eccles
iastical circles and producing a feeling
cf hopelessness. The sad developments in
Rome have overshadowed Loubefs fetes
'and threaten to convert public jubilation
into mourning.
Leo's illness has shocked asd depressed
all classes. Even the Protestants do not
yield to the Catholics in grief and sym
pathy.
«¦» ONDON. July 6.— Telegrams re
g celved from Rome by the Duke of
a Norfolk and other leading Eng
m ¦#* lish Catholics reveal the deepest
Special Di*j>atch to The Call.
Pope Leo Once a
Worker in Lon=
don Slums.
Grief in England
Over the News
From Rome.
VATICAN SPECULATION UPON PAPAL SUCCESSION
MAKES CARDINAL GOTT'S CHANCE APPEAR BRIGHT
RAMPOLLA DOES
NOT SEEK THE
CROWN.
Wants to Be Pre*
feet of Prop
aganda.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
„ ¦ i rur. July 6.— There is great ac-
j tivity among the Cardinals now
gi^ that It is certain that a conclave
A cannot be far off. It Is even said
that there has been an exchange
of telegrams in cipher between the mem
bers of the Sacred College in Rome and
those in the provinces or abroad. Innu
merable rumors are circulating, and
scarcely any Cardinal is deprived of the
flattery of being considered a candidate.
However, besides those mentioned la
these dispatches yesterday the only can
didates who are regarded as having a fair
chance are Cardinals Svampa, Archbishop
of Bologna, and Cardinal Richelmy, Arch
bishop of Turin.
Cardinal Rampolla ia believed by many
to have the best chance of being elected.
According to the most accredited Vatican
gossip, however, Cardinal Rampolla has
entered into an agreement with Cardinal
Gottl, prefect of the congregation of th»
propaganda, to support the election of the
latter on condition that he himself be ap
pointed Gotti's successor as prefect of the.
propaganda, the holder of which post Is
called the "Red Pope."
BERLIN. July 6.— Germany's 20.000,000
Catholics will bring powerful Influence to
bear against any attempt to Influence the
action of the consistory charged with the
election of a Pontiff. The domination, of
German political life by Catholics, which
has compelled the most obvious sort of
recognition on the part of the Kaiser him.
self, makes it certain that the whole
strength of the Imperial Government will
be used to defeat the schemes of any na
tion or clique that tries to turn the elec
tion to selfish advantage or anti-German
purpose.
While Germany's two votes In the Sa
cred College are impotent of themselves,
their connections throughout Catholic
Rome are so extensive as to command
formidable support even among the pre
dominant Italian prelates. Only a few
days ago certain jealous French authori
ties published a polemic against "German
conquest of the Vatican," describing how
the religious orders in Rome, the pon
tifical court and all consultative depart
ments of the Vatican had undergone Ger
manization.
Vannutelli and Gottl. two Cardinals re
garded as most likely candidates for the
succession, both rank in Berlin as friend
ly to Germany. Gotti has received sev
eral decorations from the Kaiser.
The Ideal Pope from the German stand
point would be Cardinal Agiiardi, former
ly papal nuncio at Munich, who is known
as an ardent pro-German.
What is most gratifying to Germany is
the fact that the election of Cardinal
Bampolla seems excluded. Almost any
Pope not allied to Rampolla's "French-
Spanish-Italian clique" would be satisfac
tory to the Catholics of the Fatherland.
Bampolla Still Hopeful.
MUNICH. Bavaria. July 6.— Cardinal
Rampolla, the Papal Secretary of State,
has telegraphed to the Papal Nuncio here
that the condition of the Pope Is grave,
but not hopeless.
Y. L. I. Installs Officers.
On Wednesday evening last the follow
ing officers of Young Ladies' Institute
No. 7 were Installed:
Past president, Kathryn Barke: president.
Mrs. George Richardson; first vice president.
Lillian Byrnes; second vice president. Emma
Townley; recording secretary. Elizabeth Smith:
financial secretary. Cella Young: treasurer.
Kelllo Ansrlin; marshal. Josephine Shea;
trustees — Kathryn Burke, Buda, O'Connor Mrs.
Brady. Sara Dorty and Mary Maloney. "
N. P. Cole Passes Away.
The report reached this city yesterday
that X. P. Cole had died at Ben Lomond.
The deceased was at the head of the Cal
ifornia Furniture Company for many
years and was identified with various
other business enterprises. For the last
eight years he had been president of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals in this city. He leaves a wlfs
and five children.
retiring disposition, however, and failure
of the recognition that he felt was his
due and the rejection of his McKlnley
memorial plan caused him to lose heart
completely.- ' - - '•
THE SAN . FRASCISCO CALL; TUB SDATJ ' JULY 7, l<>03.
3
DB. PIEKCTE'S BEMEDIES.
- 1
GOOD LIVING
Quite often results in tied health, becaM%
what is termed « good lrtinjr " is usually
the gratification of the palate without
reference to the nutrition of the body.
When the good liver Is a business taaa
. • and rises from a
wjg&~ r }>v T . full meal to pltmge
*^~" LKfctr^"^ at once into work
JtjT requiring mental
tag jtg9k .effort the result ia
JgJ jfjtjEa almost sure to be
BBS y$S$j disastrous, because
lUffy. <tjf"rg>- digestion draws
N8§lni TraS^ Q P on *k e »*nie
nerrous forces
which are em-
Kjjv^vijfiefJMS ployed in thought.
¦KttjaiEgSffif^ In time the stom-
§$&*&&$& ach becomes dis-
1 y . *& cesses of digestion
\\\ \ and nutrition are
\\i \ imperfectly per-
il I formed and there
// l't 1 is a physical
/ ' v* I breakdown.
/ I) Dr. , Pierce's
, V W Golden Medical
1» Discovery cures
«cf ton diseases of the
«t°Tn n<> h and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
eliminates the* effete poisonous matter
which originates in the system as a con-
sequence of imperfect digestion. Itghres
sound health to the whole body.
" I wish to say to the world that Dr. Metre's
Golden Medical Discovery has prorcd a great
blessing to me." writes Mrs. Ellen E. Bacon. 0/
&hutesbnry. Prank Uu Co., Mam. "Prior to
September. 1897. 1 had doctored for jut stomach
trouble for several years, goinj through a course
of treatment witnoat any real benefit, la
September. 1*96, 1 had Terr" sick spells and grew
¦worse; could eat but little. 1 commenced ia
September. 1997. to take Dr. Pierce's medicine,
aud in & short time I could eat and work. I
j Uave gained twenty pounds in /a» months."
FreA . Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
,of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound volume. Address Dr. R. V. fttf ce,
, Buflalc N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KELLER'S
...Half- Price Sale...
MEN'S UNDERWEAR
AT HALF PRICE.
It's a ,h!«; drop that we've made en this
.•jrr.tn-T urid»Twear. The approaching fall
Av-vf: th* manufacturers to uMl. We snapped
It up at on»--half regular price. Now it's up
t'> you at n«rurf-» quoted below:
Fancy striped derby ribbed. form-fitting
»him and drawers: blue grounds with pink
lir* and ecru grounds with blue stripe.
R Regular $1.00 Garments.
SALE PRICE 50c.
102S-1C30 MAHKET STREET.
Fan Francisco.
J1S7-IIM WASHINGTON STREET.
m Oakland.
Your grocer is glad tc
moneyback Schilling's Best:
it costs him nothing and brings
vill and confidence.
Why should he not be >ladr :
BBBBBBBBBBHSBBBBKaBBVMBBBBB*BB«BBBBB>nBBm*JMMtYoung' Mexican Killed by Car.
PASADENA, July 6.— Gabriel Ramos, a
young Mexican, was killed this morning
while trying to board a car of tho Pacific
Electric Railway Company. Ramos
flipped, as he Jumped for the tetep and was
struck down. He died while being taken
to the hospital.
Shuf fleboard Series PlayecL
Tha fifth series of frames for tho'cham-'
pionshlp in Bhuffleboard was held at
Ccrbetfs last night' and resulted in the
folkming Bcore: s'*-«?
Jack Wooley. handicap 15, eecre 17-12; Jim
Hell, handicap 34. score . 11-7.
Charles Jon«s.' handicap 1*. score 19-18;' Jack
Petite., handicap 18. score 11-J7.
J. McKenzle. handicap 21. ecore 20-21; P.
SlcGarvey, handicap 18. score 18-8-18.
Jack Thompson, handicap 18, score • 16-6;
Paul Petit, handicap IN, score 20-18.
J. Geary, handicap 12. fcorc 12-8-13; Ullea
Celts, handicaa 1(5, *core 5-20-13.
There are seventy entries, a silver- cup.
a gold medal and a bronze medal being
the prizes competed for.
Savable Arrives at Gravesend.
NEW YORK, July 6.— Savable, the win
ner of the last year's Futurity,' has ar
rived from Chicago in chargo of J. A.
Drake's trainer to. run in the rich Real
ization stakes to-morrow at Sheepshead
Bay. The horse- is quartered at Graves
end and was not affected a particle by
the 900-mile journey.
Racing Results at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 6. — Following Is a
summary of to-day's racing at The Meadows:
First race. Eix /urlongs — Nanon won, Red
wald second. Phil Crlmmins third. Time. 1:17.
Second race, four furlongs — Allesandro won,
Tom Itcilly second. Jack Little third. Time,
:W>.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Kath
crine Ennls won. Hilary second. Beautiful
Girl third. Time. 1:111*.
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards — Fos
sil won. Kitty Kelly second. Iras third. Time,
1:47.
Fifth race. eev«n- furiotwrs — Rtmrock- won,
George Dcwey eecond, Fondo third. Time,
1:31 Vi.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Bliss
ful won Oscar Tolle second. Arthur Ray
third. Tiroo, 1:09%.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. July 6.— Eheepshead Bay en
tries fcr Tuesday are: ..
Firet race, five and a half furlongs ot Fu
turity tourw, - 2-year-olds. Fellins — Sandhurst
112 Extra Law 107. Eletea 04, Kingsland 10»i.
Sweet Tone 109. Sir Walt' 10$, Thistle Heather
10& Tithmiic 106. Bath Beach 112. Walterin 98.
Bcrosa H2. Lorilltrd 97, Eicentral 02, Ances
tor 106. Wotan 107. Cap and Gown S3, Mohave
100. Royalton K».
beconi race, fix furlongs on main track, han
dicap — Francesco J20.Captivator 97. Lux Casta
120 Rigodon 11«. Lady Tineas 107,Operator 105.
Kt Daniel 1O:t. John A. Scott 1^2. Sir Voorhies
100. Dokaher 10f>. Ingolrt SS. Illyrla. 90. Turn
t»ike $7. Francesca and Captivator, Bell en
try.
Third r»ce. <5"ub!e event, eix furlongs cf Fu
turity courpe — Gallant 122, Alforten 114. Con
jurer 11*. Monadnock 114, Alliance 114. PuIfus
129. Boxwood 122, Yellow Hammer 114, Al
liance and Pul6us. Madden entry.
Fourth race, one mile and five furlonK*.
La.wrenc6 RealiEation Stake — Savable 126. Af
ricander 126, Cardinal WolFcy llfi. Golden
Manm 126. Black Husfar 11(5. Whorler 12C,
Bhorthose 116.
Fifth rac\ one mile, pelling — Lord Advocate
103, Flara 103. Ethics 106. Satire 115, Bella no
106, Nodo 104. Duelist 103, Akela 102. Paul
Clifford 102. Prince of Endurance 99. Klng
ra.in» 11«\ Ascension 101, Nevermore 100, Sail
Maker 91. Corusrate !>s. Trtbee Hill 106. Sam
bo 112. Cottage Maid 90.
Elxth race, one and a sixteenth miles handi
cap—Articulate 122. Bellario 114. Leader 114.
Dr. Baylor 110. Operator JOS, Mackey Dwyer
110, Dettaber 107. Satire 107, Daly 100, Lady
Badge fig, LEnceiuan VS.
SHEEPSHEAD DAY SELECTIONS.
<By the New York Telegraph.)
Flr«t Race— Excentral, Wotnn,
¥andhnr>l.
Second Race— Rlgodon, Lnx Caa
tM^&t. Daniel.
Third Ila«e— Gallant. Conjurer.
Pnlaua. - ¦¦ , - 4 .'
Fonrlh Ilace — Africander, Short
Hone, \\Tiorler.
Fifth Race — XcTermore, DnelUt.
Klnirralne. .
Sixth Race— Lanceman, Satire.
Operator.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORl^ July 6.— Two xaces on the
card at Sheepfehead Bay to-day promised
excellent Fport and the great crowd pres
ent was not disappointed. On a track still
"dead" from the rain of the early morn
ing, Dublin won the fifth race, at a mile,
in l:SS4-5, the fastest time of the meet
ing, and Tankard won the Stirrup Cup
Handicap Steeplechase for gentlemen rid
ers, qualified under the rules of the Na
tional Steeplechase and Hunt Assoclaton.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Selling; maiden two-year
olds; five furlongs:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Origin,' 106 (Hicks) C 3 1 1
15 to 1 — Atwood, 106 (Gannon)... 1122
3 to 1 — Divination 110 tRe&fem) 3 2 3 2
Time 1 :01 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J E. Madden 1 * ch. f. by Plaudit-
FiBter Cheerful. Toi San 08, Bhort Cake 105,
Escobar 109, Hands 'Vp 106, Brooklyn 108,
Grey Knight UC Tommy Rot 108. School Mis
tress 99 Albertola 104. Bride's Flight 107.
Ferarock 113 Haven Run 105. Bouvier 103.
Wimgesse 105. Tide 109, also ran. .
SECOND RACE— Three-year-olds and up
ward; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. ** Fin.
7 to 5— Hurstbburne. 107 «Redfn) 2 2 12
4 to 1— Astanta. 107 (O'Neill)... 3 3 2 »«
10 to 1— Nor. Star. 323 (Dangman) 113 3
Time 1:13 1-S. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J Fleischmann's b. c. by Indio-Flora
Hurst " Belle of Troy 10$, The Rhymer 11.1.
Olympian ll'J. Captivator 10l», Chicle 107,
Sweet Nell 107. also ran. • >
TTirRD RACE— Two-year-olds; five- and a
half furlongs:
Bettlcg. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to 1— Raglan 119 (HickF) S 2 1 2
4 to i_ivntaur 117 (Bullman).. S 3 2 »a
20 to 1 — Hylas 10*. (Redfern) 10 7 3h
Time 1:08. Start poor. Won cleverly.
Winner J. E Maiden's b. f. by Plaudit-Royal
Gun. 'Reliance 112. Bobadil 112. Rain or
Shlna 112 Modred 113. Pol Roger 112. Baseful
122 Jim Kelly 112 Gay Lothario 112. Pond
Lily Id9. Jack Dlxon 112, F. Charcoal 112. My
Sister. 109, St. Valentine 112, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Steeplechase handicap:
ridden by gentlemen ridere; about two and a
half miles: '«••.,
Betting. Hor«>e Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Tankard 157 (Holloway) 2 116
4 to 1— Adjidanmo. 1C0 (Pape)..5 2 2 100
"0 to 1— Howard GratB 150 (Evns) 4 3 d n
Tim© 5:22. Start Rood. Won easily. Win-
Tiei. T ' Hitchcock. Jr.'s br. g. by King Midas-
Epergne. Iliubie 167. Perion 161. Meadow
Lark 175 Hark Forward 154. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile, handicap, three-
BettinV* Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
» to 5— Dublin. 124 illaack); .2 11-
to 1— Himsr-lf, 10" (Creamer)... 3 4 2 '? 4
9 to .%— Col. Bill. 122 (Gannon).. 4 2 .! n
Time. l:.HS4-.Y Start good. \\ on driving
Oourhacre's Stable's br. h. by Atheling-W ild
Honey. W. R. Condon 100, Irascible 'J<i, Oom
Taul ll'J, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a half miles, sell
ing, three-year-olds and up: ;: .-
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. »* Fin.
« t0 l—UPoteotate. 93 (Connell) 8 2 11
11 to 10— -Zoroasu-r. 105 (Redfern) 14 23
7 to 1— Circuc. Ill (O'NeiH).... 5 7 32
Time 2 - S5 Start poor. Won cleverly.
Winner J. Burklieads ch. m. by Potentate-
Strathrir.*". Philippine 106, Bar L* Due 101.
Cogswell 104. Polite 87. Justice «6. Moroton
106, *lso ran. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS,' July 6— Malster won the
feature event at Delmar' Park to-day in
a hard drive ' from Scorpio , and Frank
Bell. Scorpio was favorite. at 8 to 5 and
he set a sizzling hot pace until a ' few
JUmps from the wire, where Malster- and
Frank Bell collared him. Malster, won
by a nose, .with Frank Bell a head in
front of Scorpio. Summary:
! FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. .St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Moulin Rouge, 100 (Trox'r) 7 117
13 to 1— Fal. Pearl, 10» (Higgins) 3 4 . 2 nk
6 to 1 — Ingolthrift, 112 (Golden)., 0 2 32
'Time. 1:03)4: Start good. Won ln a romp.
Winner, E. S. Gardner's b. f. by Himyar-
Monte Rosa. Turrando 112, Pinkey B 109, Mrs.
Malaprop 109. Handseer .112. Wigwam 112,
Caryeta 109, Twos 109, also ran.
: SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs.
Felling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1— Macbeth, 104 (A. Lines).. .1 1 11',
4 to 1— Ken. Muddle. 1C2 (Scully). 4. 3 .2 6
» to 2— Burlap. 05 (Higgins) 2 i 3 3
Time, l:23*i. Start good. ' Won easily.
Winner, G. Leighty's blk. c. by Cleafas-Pan
rmm. Arantas 104, Barney Burk 104, Margie
5 102. George Fabb 104, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey." St. «i Fin.
ti to 5 — Athena, 1(>3 (Daustin). . . . 5 3 12
10 to 1— O. McKin'y.lOl (F.Smlth) I 4 2 h
8 to 1— Bush Smith, 99 (Brldwell) 2.1 34
Time. l:10»-i. Start good. .Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes" b. f. by Halma-Bessie Lee B.
Venom 99. Don O'High 106. Bessie Kirby 85,
Canosfa !>4, Ed McDaniel 92, The Farrier 102,
Jollyer 97, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Hor»e, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Malster. 101 (Higgins) S 5 1 n
4 to 1 — Frank Bell, 112 (H.Booker) 4 2 — 2 h
5 to 5— Scerplo. 115 (Troxler) 1 1 n
Time, 1:15. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. T. A. Gay & Co.'s br. f. by Autocrat-
Miss Longford. Bridge 92, Hi Lee 110, also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2— Bengal. .100 (F. Smith).. 11 11
Even— Mynheer. 100 (Higgins).. 4 2 2 1
13 to 1— Kansas LI!y,06 Livings'n) 5 4. 3 n
Time. 1:42%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. E. Burnett & Co.'s ch. h. by Ben
Strome-Beg-um. Prosper Le Gai« 103, Golden
Glitter 9<3, Straggler 100. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs,
purse:
Benin*. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 6t. «i Fin.
11 to 5 — Our Lady, 104 fDonegan) 4 4 Ink
10 to 1— Dr. Clark. 106 (Shilling).. 7 7 2 3
2 to 1 — Impetuous, 01 (Shea) 5 5 o 4
Time, 1:22%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. N. Miller & Co.'s blk. m. by Cha
rade-Lady Augusta. Tenny Bella 104, Welles
ley 100, Certain 109. Centie 91, also ran.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July C— Delmar's entries for
Tuesday are:
¦ First race, five furlongs, selling — Uvy 90,
Shortstop 90, Hoedown 90. Lila Noel 95. Mengls
!>3. Rhyme and Reason 106. Easter Waters 93,
Comora 05. Benton 104, Tiomaine 101, Alle
grette 1>S Ocyrohe 106.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Herodiade
10.t, Jean Backham 94. Joe Goss 111, Montana
Peeress 100. Custus 97, Poseur ICO/ In Doubt
1*4, Duela »8. Northern Spy 110, Mint Leaf 08,
Dolly Hayman »6, Jollyho 107. ¦ ' '
Third race, five and a half furlong*, purse —
Huckleberry Finn 103. Tom Klley 105. Bell
the Cat 112, Ftoxy Grandpa 112. Brilliants 112.
Don Aivaro 103. Scalper 109, Hugh McGowan
165. Check Morgan 109. . " ' '
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
handicap — Hengai ICC!. Light Opera 09. Kda
lliley 100. A lark 102. Bas d'Or 8*J.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Josle F 00,
Handyplnner 9*. Buccleuth 107, Helen Print
10»S. Charter Ramsey 101, Dottle Shute 93, Or
pheum Ul. Lendola 101, Lunar 101, Mlsa Mae
Day 107.
Sixth race, cne and an eighth miles, celling —
Judge CantrUl 02. Require 95. The Fiddler 97.
Tierce J 1IO. Goo Goo 95, Irving Mayor 97,
First One 05. Brown Vail 10ft. Chandoo 110,
Hookseoka 90. King's Pet 107, L«onid 107.
DEL.MAK SELECTIONS. V .;
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Firxt Ilaee— Ocyroche, Rhyme and
Rcaaon, Lila JVoel.
Sepond Ilacc — PoMcnr, Canton,
Darin.
Third Race— -Check Morgan, Ilrll-
Itat. Dell the Cat.
Fourth Race— Licht Opera, Jin*
d'Or. Kdn Hilcy.
Fifth Ilaee— Chariest Ramaey, Jo
«!•• F. Helen Print.
Sixth Itace— Leonid, IlooUscoka,
Chandoo. . . •
Frank Bell Take 3 Second
Place by a Head From
Tankard Wins Stirrup Cup
Steeplechase for Gentle
men Riders.
Exciting * Finish " in a
Sprint at Delmar
Track./
Mile in 1:384-5 Over a
" Dead " Track at
Sheepshead.
DUBLIN MAKES
BRILLIANT RUN
ULSTER'S NOSE
SHOWS IN FRONT
M. Loubet Arrives Jq- London and Is Greeted at the Victoria Station by
King Edward; the Prince of Wales and the Cabinet Ministers, After
Which He Is Escorted in a State Carriage to Buckingham Palace
PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH NATION
IS THE GUEST OF THE BRITISH COURT
SHAMROCK BEATS
OLD CHALLENGER
LUTE'S BACKERS
MAKE CLEAN-UP
Washington Park Book
makers Receive a gj
Hard Jolt.
Close Running Is New
Yacht's Best Point
of Sailing.
Sir Thomas Lipton , Is Well
Pleased With Showing
Made.
Daughter of Watercress Is
; Played From Forty
Down to Four. s
The whole railroad line from Dover to
London was guarded by men standing
within sight of each other.
With little delay the Presidential party
entered the royal, train and departed for
London.
Monsieur , le Malre-: ¦ I . thank you for your
complimentary welcome at the moment of set
ting my foot on the territory of Great Britain.
I - wish* tb tell • you all how : much , satisfaction
I have, in coming over ln the name of France.
in ' response to the generous Invitation of his
Majesty.., King Edward the Seventh, and to
bring to this great nation, • which Is our
neighbor a public testimony of friendship.
? Great Britain and France , have not only
motives for coming to an understanding. They
have both founded their prosperity on liberal
institutions. Their accord, useful and profit
able to themselves r , cannot be less to the pro
cess of civilization and the welfare, of human
ity./ ' . / ; ' '
M. Loubet left Dover for London at 2:30
"p. m.. The entire ; route to the railroad
station was lined with troops, bands were
stationed at intervals and the strains of
"The Marseillaise" followed the Presi
dent throughout, each band taking up the
tune as the cortege approached.
¦ At the station another guard of honor
was niounted.
The President's reply .was as follows :
. The meeting between . M.; Loubet and
the Duke of Connaught was' most cordial,
the 'Duke expressing-the King's": pleasure
at the • President's arrival. Subsequently
tfee Mayor of Dover presented M. Loubet
with an address of welcome.
the President King ! Edward's welcome. ¦
The .of-Walea' pier was lined
with troops and as the President traversed
their ranks toward the pavilion a band
played "The Marseillaise" and' the thou
sands of spectators ¦ assembled at all
points of vantage gave the distinguished
visitor an unmistakably j cordial welcome
on his arrival In ' England for ' the first
time in his tffe.* ' - ¦»• ¦.; ¦ . \
Then the racers were sent away five
miles to windward. With her lee rail just
dipping, the Shamrock III walked through
the old boat's lee. outpointed her and in
forty minutes was an eighth of a mile to
the windward of her. In the run back to
Scotland Lightship the Shamrock III cut
down the old boat's lead, though the
Shamrock I, having the leeward position
at the start, was first to finish.
Nearir.g the finish the breeze grew fresh
and they finished at a rate that called for
the Erin's best speed to reach the line
first. The Shamrock, I was a good mile
astern but coming at a flying gait when
{he Shamrock II crossed the Iine.^
Elapsed time:
Shamrock III. 2:53:37.
Shamrock I. 3:04:55.
Close running is the Shamrock's best
point of sailing. Sir Thomas Lipton and
Designer Fife were satisfied with the new
boat's showing in reaching, but they were
delighted with the splendid fashion in
which she beat the old boat fci a five
mile thresh to the windward after the
finish of the race. Clear skfes and an
eight-knot south-southwest wind, fresh
ening to twelve knots at the finish, made
splendid racing .conditions. The course
was east by north.
With sheets well off before a freshening
wind over her quarter, the Shamrock III
slowly drew ahead of the old challenger
until, when they approached the turn, the
new boat was setting a ten-knot pace
and leading by two-thirds of a mile, hav
ing gained about four minutes on the old
boat.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The Shamrock III
covered a thirty-mile course off Sandy
Hook ao-day six minutes and eighteen
seconds faster than the Shamrock I. It
was a broad reach of fifteen miles to the
outer mark and a long leg, close-hauled,
back to the finish line.
CLEVELAND WINS BOTH
GAMES WITH WASHINGTON
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— Cleveland won both
games of to-day's double-heaaer with Wash
ington. Two hits and an error gave the vis
itors the or.!y run of the first game. The lo
cals could not hit Joss in the second gam",
while- Cleveland managed to hit Wilson with
men on bases. Attendance, 3200. Scores:
• First game — R. II. E.
Washington O 3 1
Cleveland 1 > ' 4'\ 't
Batteries — Patten and Kittredge; Bernhardt
and Bliss.
Second game — R. H. E.
Washington 1 4 0
Cleveland 3 5 1
Batteries — Wllscn and Kittredge; Joss and
Abbott.
PHILADELPHIA, July 6.— To-day'a game
between Detroit and Philadelphia was uncer
tain until the last man was out. Neither Mulliri
nor Waddell was In* the best of form, but Wad
dell had a shai'o the better of the argument.
Attendance. 5000. Score:
.-> ••»..'. - ; — ¦ - ¦ R. " H. E-
Philadelphla - » 11 . »»
Detroit -..-.. 5 8 O
Batteries — Waddell and Schreck; Mull in and
McGuire.
NEW YORK, July 6.— New York defeated
Chicago to-day ln a clean, fast and well-played
game, cm-in was wild in the sixth, but ho
steadied after two runs had been made, and
struck out Wolfe with three men on- bases.
Attendance. 250O. Score:
R. II. E.
New York 4 9 .1
Chicago 2 6 0
Batteries^ — Wolfe and Bevllle; Owen, McFar
land and Slattery.
XATION'AL. LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July 6.— Cincinnati broke even
In the doubte-header with Brooklyn to-day.
First game — K. H. E.
Cincinnati •" « «|
Brooklyn • » 12- 1
Batteries — Ewlng and Peitz: Oarvln and Rlt
ter. Umpires — Moran and Holllday. ¦.',".•
Second game — K. '. II. 1 " E.
Cincinnati 11 -15; rt
Brooklyn .' ....... ..3 . 5. 1
Batteries — Hann and Bergen; Vlckers. ¦ Rltter
an4. Huge, t'mpires^ — Moran and Holllday.
CHICAGO. July «.— Menafee pitched , a fine
game to-day »nd with better support would
have won. Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago I 5 H
New York 5 6 1
Batteries — Slenefee and Kltng; Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpire — O'Day.
PITTSBURn. July «. — The Pittsburgs won
by hlttinsr Mitchell early In tne game. Tho
winning run was made In the ninth Inning en
Ritchey's two-bugger and a single by Smith.
Attendance, 3000. Score: ¦"
R. II. E.
Pittsbursr 4 8 4
Philadelphia ". 3 8 2
Batteries— Wllhelm and Smith; Mitchell and
Dooin. Umpire — Johnstone.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 to 5— J Peters, 107 (Helgesen).. 2 1 1 n
7 to 5— Cruzados. 112 (Bonner)... 4 2 2 2tJ
0 to 2— A. D. Gibson. 10« (Booker) 3 3 3 2^
Time, 1:12 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. S. C. Hildreth's ch. c. by Lord Es
teiiling-Tarpeia. The Giver 117. Fleuron 104.
Moablna 112, also ran. Birch Broom 107 left
at post.
FIFTH RACE— One and a half miles; sell
ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i. Fin.
8 to 5— Modicum, 97 <Adkins>... 4 111
3 to 1— Boaster 104 (Phillips)... 2 2 2 1%
7 to 1— H Hunter. 96 (Booker).. 6 3 3 5
Time. 2 :32 '. 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, B. S. Fountain's b. c. by St. Gatien-
Moderccla. Rlnick II 94. Adelante lot. Little
Ekin 00, Erne 101 also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One mile seventy yards;
purse: ¦ ;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, bt. s i. Fin.
1 to 3 — Alan a Dale, 117 (Crwht) •_• 1 1 2»i
5 to 1 — J Demund, 107 (Helgesen) 1 2 2 2^i
12 to 1— Hermencia. 106 (Adklns) 4 3 3 7
• Time, 1:43 1-5. Start good. Won pulled up.
Winner. T. C. < McDowell* a ch. c. by Halma-
Sadie Mc-Vary. . Jim Clark 10*3 also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse : '
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
4 to B — Gregor K, lot (Henry) 1 111
5 to 2 — Bondage, 1U7 (Wonderly). :« :t 2 2»V
10 to 1— Lendln, 102 (Phillips) 4 2 3 *i
Time, 1:40.1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Wm. Hedges & Co. 's b. g. by Phoe
nix-Kola. Airtight 102, Ilmarinen 07 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i. Fin.
7 to 10— Peter Paul. 110 (Adklns) 2 1 1 Hj
8 to 1 —Auditor. 103 (Helgesen).. 12 2 1
30 to 1 — Mizzenmast. 10l> (Henry) 4 5 3 h
' Time. l:0O 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. R. Bradley's br. g. by Alcha-
Emlnence. Mils Crawford 107. Japan 108.
My Ester 103. Batts 118, Buccaneer lOtf, Wood
lawn Belle 1U3 also ran. s-
CHICAGO, July 6.— One of the biggest
"killings" of the season was made at
Washington Park to-day when Lute, Ed
Corrigan's four-year-old mare, by Water
cress-Lucille Murphy, won the first race.
On account of the heavy play on Head
water the betting on Lute receded to 40 to
1. Then Corrigan money was poured into
the ring arid at post time 4 to 1 was the
best price obtainable.' It is estimated that
Corrigan and his crowd won close to $100,
000 on the 'race.
Alan-a-Dale clipped two-fifths" of a sec
ond oft the track record for, a mile and
seventy yards in the fourth race. Sum
mary: '.'.v;'.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »;. Fin.
4 to 1— Lute, 103 (Adklns) 10 tt 1 h
5 to 'i— Headwater, 112 (Bonner). 2 3 2 3
8 to 1— Balm of Gllead. 113 (Hall). 5 4 3 4
Time, 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. f. by Water Cress-
Lucille Murphy. Zella Knight 10S Lovable
105, Beatman 110, Shan) Bird 115. Mayor
Johnson 105, Hot 110, Alum. Water 110, XyJa
103, Quadra Its also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fifth race, six furlongs—^English Lad 111,
Commodore 111, Peter Paul 108. Allfsta 10S.
Witchcraft 10x. Triumvir 10«. Flo Bob 106, El
corteza 10»J. AKKie Lewis 10;!.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, selling —
Silk Cord 107, Antonius 105, Golden Light 10O.
Havlland 00. The Kentuclcian 08. Lampoon 05.
Eva'i* Darling !•:». Major Tenny M, Louisville
03. Orsina 02, Lord Melbourne S6. Lord Touch
wood 60." '.'•}?**¦ -
WASHINGTON PARK, SELECTION'S.
(By the .Chica&o'~Inter Ocean.) ' * »- .
FIrat Race— Orsran die.. Sylvia Tal
liol. ,*lnr>- Mr«j«lterty.
Keroml Race — Irene Llndsey,
Never Krrt, ; 'Warte .Mcht.
Third Race Dick Welle*. Greicor
K. Bad New*.
Fourth Race— Miracle II, Barrica,
Vnlcain.
Fifth Rnrc — Kncllnh Lad, Peter
Pnnl. Witchcraft.
Sixth Hurt"— Major Tennj, Lonia
ville, llaviland.
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards, sell
lng_Vulcain 108, Flngal 102, Marcos 101;
Miracle II OS. Lady - Chorister 08, Alma Girl
m, Jena 03, Little Duchess II 03, Barrica 03,
Harry 85. • , ;? '
Third race, one mile— Flying Ship 114, Sid
ney C. Love 114. Bad News 111, GUfaln. 110,
Dick Welles 110. Gregror K 109. McGee 105. Mc-
Gowan 105. (McGowan and McGee, Corrlsan
entry.)
CHICAGO/ Jiity 6.— Washington Park 'entries
for, Tuesday are: :¦'£,';
First race. six. furloncs — Sylvia Talbot 117.
>lary Glen 110. Semper VJvnm 110. By Ways
102. Belle Mahone- 102. Organdie 1C2. Gypzene
Jis Christine -A OR, Mary MeCafTerty 08, Jet
05. Snowdrift 95. Floral Wreath 05.
Second race, fix furlongs — Irene LJndsey 100.
Warte Nicht 103. Never Fret 101, Erema 99.
Talpa t>7. Bardolph 03, Mirance 00, Martinmas
00. Anna BeaU 88. . .- -
WASHINGTON PARK ' ENTRIES."
Bandits Release Author Harris.
TANGIER, Morocco, July 6.— W. B.
Harris, the traveler and author, who was
captured June ]S by the bandit Raisuli
near Zena, was released to-day in ex
chango for a'numbcr of native prisoners.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, v JULY 7, 1903.
Trunks; and Valises.
. Trunks, ¦ valises, ; dress suit cases, travel-
Ing * rolls," pocketbooks,: wrlstbags, that
look good, are t good . and are cheap: • San
t>orn,\V&,il & _Co., 741 Market streeW . *
NEW CUSTOMS BUXES
IN EFFECT AT HONOLULU
Hand Baggage' of Passengers Pass
ing Through There From Orient
Must Be Examined.
HONOLULU. . June 27.— Under, a new
order, from the Treasury Department the
hand : , baggage of ;all . passengers ¦ passing
through here from the Orient must be ex
amined by the local customs officials.
Heavy ! trunks - of the " through passengers
must , be put " into sealed compartments, to
be opened only at the port of destination.
The baggage of passengers bound from
Honolulu to San Francisco will bo treated
as domestic baggage, unless an attempted
fraud upon the revenue is suspected. .With
tne :' small, force ' otJ men in - the custom
house here, -through; passengers are likely
to be delayed for hcurs, thus curtailing
their time for a run ashore.-.-
TONOPAII, Nev., July 6.— The continued
Fourth of July celebration hero which
began so auspiciously had a sad ending,
for it wound up" in a shooting.
Dunn was 23 years of age and a popular
man." His relatives live in Virginia City.
i Just before the firemen's race occurred
last evening a blacksmith known' as
Frank Smith assaulted Walter ; Dunn on
Main street with a knife. Before outsiders
could interfere he cut Dunn flvo'~br si*
times. One of the thrusts penetrated the
lower part of the body, causing Dunn's
death this morning.
Smith was arrested and- during the
night was surreptitiously taken out of
town by officers that he might escape the
wrath of Dunn's friends. Considerable
excitement prevails and it will go hard
with Smith if he is located.
Slayer of a Man at To
nopah Is Hurried
From Town.
OFFICERS FEAR
THE MOB'S FURY
8:30. The corridor of the palace was bril
liantly illuminated and tho conservatory
was filled with a choice collection of trop
ical plants and was handsomely 1 deco
rated. Tri-color incandescent lamps form-
Ing the. British and French flags were
displayed over the band stand.
M. Loubet was seated next to the Quern
in the\ banquet hall, and' the King- and
Prince of Wales sat opposite. The guests
Included the, Prince ; and Princess of
Wales, *TTfe Duko and Duches of Fife,
Princess Victoria, the -Duke and Duchess
of Connaught, the Duchess of Buccleuch,
the Duke and Duchess ofTJevonshlre. the
Duke of Portland, the Earl of Cambridge,
Lord and Lady Lansdowne,**""Lorcl and
Lady Londonderry, ¦ Lord and - Countess
Selborne, Field Marshal Lord Roberts,
Lord Rosebery, Colonial Secretary Cham
berlain, War Secretary Brodrick and Sir
Edmund Monson.the present Minister to
France. '
Tho music was furnished by the band
of the Scots Guards and a detachment of
Highland pipers.
Proposing tho health of President Lou
bet,-King Edward expressed the pleasure
that he and Queen Alexandra felt at wel
coming the French President. His Majes
ty .said he hoped the President would take
back with him to France pleasant recol
lections of his visit. The reception given
him by all classes proved that there was
a really friendly sentiment a'mong Britons
toward France, which, being Great Brit
ain's next neighbor, should naturally be
her best neighbor.* The King alluded to
his recent visit to France and the pleas
ure ho experienced at his friendly recep
tion there. \ . : 5
President Loubet in responding said: ;
Sire. I am more than touched. by the recep
tion accorded me by your Majesty. -In truth.
It . is addressed to the whole French ; people.
In : their name I •¦ beg you accept my sincere
thanks. : - France , treasures * tho memory of* • the
visit you pai'J her. I am certain It will have
the , happiest effects and serve in the highest
degree to draw still. closer the relations which
bind the. two nations . to ; their ' common good
and a new guarantee of peace for. the whole
world." •
* It Is . with these ¦ sentiments that • I ' propose
the toast of his Majesty. ¦ the Queen and, the
whole of the royal ; family. ' . ' '-
At, the conclusion of^the banquet there
was a concert, in which ;Mme. . Melb^a,'. M.'
Plancon arid others took part.
ROYAL WELCOME AT DOVER.
Duke ,:. of Connaught Officially Re
. : ceives ¦ the Distinguished
. DOVER, July. 6.— President Loubet set
foot on' English: soil * here at : 1:45/ o'clock
and entered a"; reserved Enclosure,; draped
lightly, where a ' handsome * pavllioh had
been : erected.T 'Then . the i Duke of * Con- 1
naught, \ accompanied by. the French,' Em
bassador, M. ; Cambon. " and s a ". number of
officials," appointed .to be in attendanceori
M.' - Loubet ;durlng his visit/; extended to
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OP THE FRENCH NATION, WHO IS. THE HON
ORED GUEST OF THE. BRITISH COURT, AND DISTINGUISHED
RULER AVIIO WELCOMED HIM TO ENGLAND. >.
LONDON, July 6.— President Lou
bet, the first President of tho re-'
public who has ever represented
the French nation as the guest
of the British court, arrived in
London from Dover this afternoon and
was greeted at the Victoria station .by
King. Edward and the Prince of Wales,
accompanied by the Cabinet Ministers
and a host of other distinguished persons.
Long before the arrival of the Presiden
tial party an enormous crowd had seized
every point of vantage from which the
visitor could be viewed. The pier itself
was handsomely adorned by flags, some
of which were of the French nation, and
a handsome bouquet' of flowers in Hne3
of red, white and blue.
. The extraordinary precautions taken by
the police for the safety of the President
and his hosts exceeded those adopted
when Emperor William was here. •'¦
King. Edward wore a field marshal's
uniform and the grand cordon of the Le
gion of Honor. The Prince of Wales had
on an admiral's uniform. They awaited
the King's guest on tho platform. The
King stepped forward as the President
alighted and repeatedly shook hands with
him. King Edward then introduced the
Prince of Wales, tho Duke of Cambridge,
the Duke of Fife, Premier Balfour, For
eign Minister Lansdowne, Field Marshal
Lord Roberts and others,, who were all
in uniform or court dress.
M. Loubet then presented the members
of his suite to the King, ...who warmly
shook hands with them. -
After, an inspection* of the .guard of
honor the King and M. Loubet left the
station and entered a state carriage, in
which the Prince of Wales and the Duke
of Connaught were also, seated. Tho ve
hicle, escorted by a detachment of Life
Guards,. was driven through tho crowded,
troop-lined and well-decorated, streets to
St. James Palace. M. Loubet was loudly
cheered everywhere.
Tho 1 King and Queen met President
Loubet, who was accompanied by his
suite, in the state drawing-room.. King
Edward presented Loubet to Queen Alex
andra, who wore a dress of silvery gray.
The Queen's welcome was markedly gra
cious and graceful. She conversed for a
few minutes with Loubet, who* presented
his suite . to her Majesty. Tea was then
served in a private salon. The whole visit
last a little more than'flfteen minutes. .'¦„¦
' Loubet then drove to Marlborough
House, where the Prince and Princess of
Wales welcomed him.
: " At ' Marlborough House were the chil
dren of the Prince and Pr,incess of Wales,
who saluted the President and King. The
latter returned their salute and drew M.
Loubet's attention to them. The Presi
dent immediately stood up, smiled and
saluted the youngsters.
After a brief - rest '; Jk Loubet visited
Buckingham Palace, accompanied by For
eign Minister Delcasse. Later the Presi-.
dent proceeded to . the French embassy
and received an address from the French
community, In reply to which' he said he
hoped hl3 compatriots in • London .would
continue the work of strengthening the
confidence and good willof Great .Britain
toward France. . .
The only, untoward Incident of the day
was the - arrest of a foreigner , near ' the
railroad station, who declared he wanted
to hand a, petition to M.; Loubet. ¦ After
an examination: he was released.
BANQUET AT THE PALACE.
President Lbubet's first day in London
closed with a state banquet at 8:30 p. m.
at Buckingham Palace. It w.ustho most
brilliant" function the. dingy ¦ old' pile; has
witnessed for. a long time.' The company
included air of the high : officials of the
kingdom. ,
' The scena : about - the palace was ani
mated. Fully an hour t(ef ore, the appoint
ed time the ; courtyard was filled ' with
state coaches. Four of the : King's > car
riages 'were sent to York . House, Iwhere
President Loubet will reside while In/Lon
don,* to : convey,;. the ' Presidential [; party,'
which arrived at tbe palace shortly before
4
ADVEBTTSTnvmTara.
HAIL TO MEN
Even unto old age you may feel the vigor of youth, with its
light heart, elastic step, courage and tireless energy. You may be
free from pains and aches and defy your years.
There is a fountain, of perpetual youth,
/ffa ami you have only to reach- out your
J fA - - hand and take it. You can drink of It un-
§ fSL til your heart shouta-wlth gladness, and
*r-r^ I i$fi, wltn a1 ' your might you will proclaim,
mtf J\ 1 'HB** as other. people have,.
® ¦j'^ly^f j/ Llke tne Slants of old. you can be in
~S-^ vjr if your prime at . sixty— strong, vigorous
JT ., f and full of youthful enthusiasm.
- mIjS § DR - M - c Mclaughlin— Dear sir: i
"*yV3yf . _Jf;_kA have only worn the B«lt for *lx w«!w and It
I //fshS*^*€*£ELj hHf< donf> nnp ln m y ca»e. Kvery sistr of pain
I ci«*©«^**^5^SSf anc * *' ea ltin > «» has lett my !e« anil I am as w?ll
J flSHK^S^fctSL as e y r - l was lutte lame when I Hrst wroto
jaf .mPjufcfr ' ' V^TO. you/ but am ail over that row. Yours grate-
Js/A f&SPw J&ZtfflL Xi y° u fe<>1 youns y° u arp y*" 1 ?- Youth 1h
biMb'CvW rZZntk strength. If you have strength you can defy
apifjMrLKjfV^ r^fiZSWsVk your year3. My Electric Helt will warm your
heart and nil your body with the Hro of youth.
t&jffSiSs i%-i J Waan3rJ it will limbfr your Joints an.l put aprlnars In
E&8w£wfi?3WMAT&3T >I ynur le«s. It will make you feel glad with the
j[ffm/timSlfB[J&fStt -B ioya of youthfijl vigor.
S&sMa W\ wS&L « DR - McLAUOHLIX— Dear Sir: After usinsr
fffSB »?'^ J&&L i\ your Belt two months I can now say that I am
entirely cured. My back was terribly weak and
V- -.? painful at the time I began to wear tho l>lt.
fiSSfir L?/ \\?M but am r'«asc:d to aay that the trouble has
pil * tJ entirely disappeareii and that the Belt has done
Xisjft v9 all and more than you claimed It would. I
-<L1J i'JK&B — ».__'¦ mp ¦I tliink a arreat deal of the B«lt and will sp^ak
* Bood word for >ou whe n evc r l cai »- Yours
very t^^^jj LA r S 0N'. Clancy. Montana.
™/iy/l/«j^^^^^^^^^S^i\W Isn't that food for skeptics? Such letters a*
ifiifjbS^^^^^S^^al^ijW I receive would convert even a biRote.1 old
l MUiF ' school doctor, and he can see no Rood In any-
«3"T^Rg^ "'^•s*^ «a» thins but physic. Give me a man with pains In
, his back, a dull ache ln his muscles or Joints.
"come-and-KO" pains ln bis shoulders. rh«nt
and sides- Sciatica In his hip Lumbago Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my
Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out. every «lgn of pain.
No pain can exist where my. Belt is worn. s -
It's as good t for women as for men. .Worn while you "sleep, it causes no trou-
ble. You feel the centie. glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burn-
ing, as in old-style belts.
Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to
read if he wants to be a strong man. I send It sealed, free. Cut out this ad.
DivM. C. McLaughiin, 9 °LS4f '
Office Hours — S a. m. to , S p. m. ;• Sundays. 10 to 1.
j£ ...I.. ¦' AD VEBTISE1IIEUT3.
Rheumatism I
Is Not a Skin Disease,
r- Most people have an idea that rheumatism is contracted like a cold, that the
damp, chilly air penetrates the muscles and joints and causes the terrible aches
and pains, or that it is something like a ekin disease \.<S be rubbed away with lini-
tnent or dr3jvn out -with plasters; but Rhuematism originates in the blood and is
caused by Urea, or Uric Acid, an irritating, corroding poison that settles in mus-
cles, Joints and nerves, producing inflammation and soreness and the sharp, cutting
pains peculiar to this distressing disease. _•.;"' ' ; L -¦'¦'-_
- E&osure to bad weather or sudden' • - Bowlin* Green, Ky. ,
~t,:ii;««r^ nf fVi#» hnAv will rmctert nn at About ft year ago I was attacked by acute
chilling ot tne Doay ,WU1 nasten an at- rnet ,mati8m in my shoulder*, arms and
tack of Rheumatism after the blood and leg* below the knee. I could not raise my
svstem are in the right condition for it arm to comb my hair. Doctors prescribed
. tode^lop, but havo'nothinR to do with f"™*££XZtt^&%%&&U
the real true causes of Rheumatism, and decided to try it. Immediately I com-
which are internal and not external. menced its use I felt better, and remarked
t :-;«,»«?« nia^Vri «?ir1 rtir»r>ino- to mother that I was glad I had at last found
Liniments, plasters and rubbing- BOme relleL L cont » nued its use ftnd am
will sometimes reduce tno intlamma- entirely welL - I will always feel deeply
tion and swelling and ease tho pain for interested in the auccess of S. S. 8. since
the trouble. S. S. S. cures Rheumatism because it attacks it in the blood, and
the Uric Acid poison is neutralized, the sluggish cir-
S/^^S ff*^ culation stimulated and quickened, and soon the sys-
If^* l^^ tem is purified: and cleansed; the aching muscles and
j°i Q ts are relieved of all irritating matter and a lasting
Qaii^J cure °^ tb^ 3 m0£t ' painful disease effected. - -
- S. S. S. is a harmless vegetable remedy, unequalled
as a blood purifier and an inTigorating, pleasant tonic. Book on Rheumatism will
be muled free. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO. M ATLANTA, GA*The California State Association of Op
ticians-held its quarterly meeting at the
California 1 Hotel last evening, there being
present besides the: regular members, the
members of the newly ' created Board of
Optometry. A number of papers were read
during the, evenlns, amons them being
one by Albert J. Schohay. entitled "The
Legitimate Optician." The following new
members were elected:
Frank H. Schunnann, F. Lee Fuller. F. T.
Hojcenstlne. W. : M. . Klnnsy . and C. H. H. von
Breton ;of Los Angeles: J. Herbert Hall of
Pasadena John. Hood of Santa Rosa, W. H.
Davis and Harry. W.* Clark of Oakland, ; C. , W.
Roberta «'• Kureka, and .W. • D. ¦ Fennlmore,
John W. iJavla. H.' S." Cahn. Harry Nordman.
J Macowsky and J. Cohn , of San Francisco.
State Opticians Meet.
A meeting of the United Republican
League Club, Thirty-seventh Assembly
District, W. J. Ruddlck, president and
C. B. PerkiriV secretary, will be held this
"evening at ' headquarters, 444 Devisadero
street, near Oak. The president will an
nounce the names of nineteen members
of the executive committee. Later on the
executive committee will present a list
of delegates to be_ voted for at the pri
mary election to represent the district in
the Republican local convention.
The United Republican League Club of
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District, John
T. Williams president pro tern., will meet
to complete permanent organization to
morrow evening at Richmond Hall, cor
ner of Fourth avenu* and Clement street.
Republican Clubs.
Framing Materials.
.The i- new, styles - and colors in . picture
frames... matboards ;. and, binding paper
please all who -visit "our store. Sanborn,
Vall& Co.. .741 Market street. •
Eight Colored r Men - : Have Narrow
Escape in Lin ton.
LINTON, Ind.. "July's.— The appearance
of eight Terre ". Haute negroes in Linton
this afternoon was the cause, of a demon
stration in •¦ which the men narrowly es
caped serious Injury. . Alexander Sander
son,' a Terre Haute caterer, was employed
to serve the banquet at a meeting of Hln
ton Elks. He took : his j negro cooks and
waiters with him • and while the negroes
were in ! the hall several thousand , miners
assembled In . the street and : threatened to
dynamite- the building unless the negroes
were sent out of.town.Y.The eight colored
men were i hurried * intoj a . cab and' driven
to Janesvllle, where they were put on the
train .for Terre Haute. Six ; policemen
hung on the r carriage and beat back. the
crowd while the negroes were being driven
out i of .town.'. ¦ ' '. ,';."• .' ' : -
The intense feeling against negroes has
MINERS DRIVE OUT NEGROES.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 6.— Governor
Durbin v/as very much agitated by the
Information from Evansvllle.
"If this condition continues," he de
clared, emphatically, "I shall go to Evans
ville-mvself and, declare the city under
martial law.".
At midnight he began ordering out ad
ditional militia companies. The first was
that from Vincennes, which was rushed
to the scene of the riot on a special train.
The New Albany company, was called out
and placed under arms, . ready to move
on a moment's notice, arrangements hav
ing been made for a special train which
would hurry the soldiers to the scene.
The Governor was indignant that the
Sheriff of Vanderburg County had not
quelled the riot in its incipiency
"He should have sworn In 1000- depu
ties instead of 100," he said. "If he had
performed his duties fearlessly in the first
place," without trying to shift the respon
sibility to the . State, this thing would
not have happened.'" ' y
Censures Sheriff for Not Having
Suppressed the Rioters.
GOVERNOR . DURBIN WROTH.
An affecting scene was witnessed in the
City Prison yesterday morning between
James J. Fennessy, a painter, 49 years of
age,\ and his mother, who has reached
four score years and Is bent and feeble.
Fennessy had begged 10 cents from a man
on Stockton street early Thursday morn-
Ing and was arrested by Policemen Far
rell and Davids on a charge of vagrancy.
His aged mother searched everywhere for
him and yesterday morning called as a
last resource at the City Prison, where
she found him, and her heart was broken
over his predicament. His case was be
fore Police Judge Fritz and when the
Judge was notified of the circumstances
he released Fennessy^ on his promise that
he would be in court this morning.
Finds Her Son in Prison.
of fine arts and in industrial arts. They have
secured space In the department of fish and
game. In the department of ethnology and of
machinery, la the dairy department and de
partment of music and musical instruments.
The commissioners have the privilege of
making a display in their State building and
will probably avail themselves of this privilege
to some extent, but this will depend on tri*
amount 'of surplus products which may be
available for the purpose after the large
amount of space secured In other departments
shall have been satisfactorily utilized. This
arrangement will save the- expense which the
construction of a building large enough for a
satisfactory collective California exhibit could
entail. MUtti
The broken window wag discovered
by Patrolman George Collins short
ly after 4 o'clock. He notified
the Central police station. As far
as the policeman could discover nothing
had been stolen from the window. Later
the proprietor of the store reported to
Captain Martin that an antique watca
valued at $15. an onyx set. inlaid with
gold and valued at $25, two mounted Jade
bracelets worth $3 and a gold pin, set
with small diamonds and valued at $10,
besides numerous other articles of small
value, had been stolen.
Detectives were put on the case, but
they were unable to gain any trace of the
burglar or his plunder.
Early yesterday morning, presumably
between 3 and 4 o'clock, a burglar
smashed a window in the "premises at 113
Geary street occupied by P. H. Greer as
a curio store, and. according to the pro
prietor, abstracted goods to the value of
Curio Store on Geary Street Is Plun
dered of Articles Worth
Sixty Dollars.
EARLY MORNING BURGLAR
BREAKS THROUGH WINDOW
Deputy W. P. Heustis came upon Eu
gene Emerson with deer In fits possession
in the wilds of Humboldt County and
haled him before Justice of the Peace
Dlgham of Scotia, who sentenced the of
fender to pay $35.
Deputy A. F. Lee apprehended Oscar
Hobard and Harry Mentz with three quail
In their possession in the western part of
Lake County. The first named offender
is the proprietor of a resort in the vicin
ity of the capture and his companion,
whose home is in San Francisco, was his
guest. They were taken to Kelseyvllle,
where Justice cf the Peace Hunt Imposed
an aggregate fine of $65 and ordered the
three quail confiscated.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission is very much pleased over the
capture of several game law violators
who chose'to go hunting on Independence
day, instead of celebrating in the usual
manner. The offenders all appeared ' in
various courts of the State yesterday.
Antonio Smith of this city .was caught
with crabs in his possession by Deputy
L. N. Kerchlval. Judge Fritz separated
Smith from $20. ¦-.;.
Fish Commission Deputies Capture
1 Four Men Who Could Not
Await Open Season. )
GAME LAW VIOLATORS
RECEIVE PUNISHMENT
<la=s purses and induce owners of the
bept hprses in the West to compete for
tbera.
LOS ANGELES. July 6— J. W. Brocks,
lessee cf Agricultural Park race course.
wa«= to-day gTanted a permit by the
Council to hold a mixed race meeting
from October 10 to 31. Inclusive. The
poolroom ordinance, whlch.went Into force
last fall and which prevented a winter
race, meetinc in this city, will be so
R-raended as to allow pool selling: on races
actually run within the county, but will
continue effecih-e against poolrooms.
It is the purpose of the management of
the October meeting to hang up flrst-
Council Grants Permit to J. W.
Erooks for a Meeting.
E.ACES AT LOS ANGELES.
It is not expected that machinery, textile
manufactures?, minerals and woods wi!l be
placed In thfte exhibits for the reason that it
Is the judgment of the commission that
these features, especially thes? . of min
ing and forestry, being strong In Cali
fornia, should have a strong and distinctive
place In their reflective departments. *ut in
the srenerat collective exhibit referred to all
products of the soli, all the fibers, both animal
and vegetable, all our cereals, vegetables,
fruits in all shapes and all products of plant
lire can be Installed.
All articles exhibited In the collective exhibit
will be permitted to compete for awards ex
cepting fruits, but the commissioners believe
that they will have an ample supply of thes»
products to make a strong showing in the
Horticultural building, and hence they secured
In the Horticultural building 10.000 feet of
floor space. Fresh fruits wllltbe an important
feature c.t this display, and It Is expected to
arrange to have the fruit sent on In carload
lots placed in refrigeration and put on dis
play as it may t» required. The judges of
this department being always In session will
pass on the fruit the day it Is exhibited.
The commissioners have secured also 6000
feet of floor space in the Mining building for
an effective display of our mining products,
clays, building stones, etc., and 13.C0O feet of
space on the ground adjacent outside of the
building for the Installation of such mining
appliances as may be available.
They have itecured also 0C0O feet of space
In the Forestry building and expect to make
this a strong feature fully creditable to the
for«st wealth of this State.
They have secured 2000 feet of space
In the educational department and are arrang
ing to secure th« co-operation of the leading
educators in devising and collecting what will
be an attractive and instructive and creditable
educational feature. ¦ showing California's ad
vance in this Important department.
They have sjcured space in the department
Commissioners Filcher and Wiggins Is
sued yesterday a circular letter giving
to the people of the State information
necessary ' in collecting exhibits for the
show at St. Louis. Some parts of this cir
cular letter are as follows:
The chief concession was the permission to
make a collective exhibit In the Agricultural
building:, where they secured 40,000 feet of
floor space Immediately at the main entrance,
so situated that the visitors entering this main
entrance from a great thoroughfare will have
to meander through nearly an acre of Cali
fornia products, throughout which the word
"CaHfornJa" will be conspicuously displayed,
before realizing that there ts anything but
California In the building.
In this space subdivisions of the State, like
the Sacramento Valley, the San Joaqutn Val
ley, the coast counties, the Southern California.
counties, or any other division, can mass their
exhibits* In tho space which will be allotted for
that purp« se, or In the event the counties ar«
strong enough to make a distinctive feature
they will be permitted to make county ex
hibits, but within the *i>ace allotted to their
respective eubdivision of the State. Firms
and individuals will have the same privilege
as is allotted to counties, it being understood,
however, that their exhibits must be installed
by th«ir.s?lves In a manner satisfactory to the
commissioners and be within the space allotted
to t'.ieir respective section of California. In
dividual exhibitors from San Francisco or
other commercial centers which are not other
wise classified will be located in the discretion
of the commissioners.
Commissioners to Com
ing Fair at St. Louis
Write Letter.
. TERROR OF PRISONERS. V
Many of the wounded were taken away
before their names could be learned. The
Police Department and ambulance corps
were anxious that too much be not
learned by the reporters and it was with
the greatest difficulty that facts could be
ascertained. , ¦ •
Inside the jail forty-three prisoners lay
terrified in the darkness. ; .nteen of them
were negroes, whose . lives are far . from
safe if the mob attacks the jail again and
effects a capture. - Lights were turned out
when the shooting began and the.prlson
ers'moaned and cried in their cells. Tele
phone messages were sent from the jail
to the hospitals and to physicians, calling
for aid. The response "was quick, doctors
from . all "sections of Evansvllls driving
rapidly at the call.
The Vincennes company of militia is on
On Division street, lying between her
grief-stricken father and mother, the lit
tle Alaman girl was dead, with her breast
torn away by a buckshot charge. She
was out driving with her parents, who,
attracted by the noise, stopped a few
minutes to watch the excitement.
In the yard of the Courthouse wounded
rioters lay and back of th«; lino of soldiers
two of the militiamen had fallen.
On the jail steps stood Sheriff Kratz.
At his side was Colonel McCoy of the
First Regiment. Around them stood a
few doctors and reporters.
When the firing had ceased Captain
Blum reformed his men and gave these
orders:
Keep that mob back. Call on them to halt.
If they do not halt, shoot them down. We
can't take anj' more chances. Men, be care
ful, but for God's sake keep a close watch.
The men prepared for another struggle.
It did not come. The rioters scattered
quickly, fearing that another charge
would be made. They stood in knots
around the corners in the vicinity utter
ing dire threats against the officers and
the militia-. "Let's go get the d—n mur
derers!" called one. "Down with them'.'*
"Kill them!" and a score" of cries were
heard. Some of the rioters tried to
change their positions and .'were greeted
with cries of "Halt!" accompanied by the
clicking of rifle hammers.
Within half an hour things had become
so nulet that care could be taken of the
dead and wounded. The wounded sol
diers were taken into the Jail. Their in
juries were slight and were dressed 1 by
two surgeons who were there. Four
wounded militiamen were taken to the
courthouse ands later to their homes.
The . others were taken to . hos
pitals and their homes in ambulances and
carriages. This feat was accomplished
with difficulty, as only a few men were
brave enough to pick them up.
Charles "Presky, a 17-year-old boy, was
carried into the courthouse. Through his
wrist had gone a buckshot and each foot
was shot through.
Governor Durbin is said to have in
structed the authorities not to jeopardize
the safety of the jail with half-way
measures. The soldiers and deputies fired
Into the retreating mob of men who ran
Into Division street. For fifteen minutes
the firing continued. When it ceased the
soldiers had the place.
In front of the staggering band of fif
ty-eight soldiers lay the dead and wound
ed. Moans and shrieks of agony and fear
came from the wounded. Ed Schiffrnan,
a painter, who was seen in the. front
ranks of the mob' during the evening, lay
on the sidewalk, the top of his ' head
blown off. A short distance from him lay
another man and close by him another
young man lay dead, with a bullet wound
over the heart. All along the street,
crawling and moaning, wounded rioters
and onlookers tried to ease their pain and
escape by getting away from the jail.
CHILD SHOT DOWN.
The one shot started a fusillade of
musketry and shotgun fire from the de
fenders of the jail and a scattered return
fire from "the rioter?. Fully 300 shots were
fired from the Jail windows, the court-
Hiouse steps Immediately opposite and the
soldiers in the streets. No one knows who
fired the first shot. The soldiers say It
was the rioters.
Suddenly a rioter fell. A soldier tried
to drag him to his feet, but before he
could do so was assaulted by a rioter.
Stones and bowlders began to hurtle
through the air. A soldier was struck by
a rock and fell. A rioter was knocked
down with a gun butt and then a shot
was fired.
Captain Blum of the National Guard
ordered a charge o:i the rioters. Gradu
ally the crowd was forced back, the sol
diers using their bayonets and the butts
of their guns.
vard with determination and innocent
onlookers and the curious followed. Slow
ly they forced the militiamen back toward
the jail until the alley way between Divi
sion street and the stone ' building was
reached. Then the leaders, with a bicycle
in their front as a shield to the bayonets
of the soldiers, attempted to enter the
alley and storm the alleyway entrance.
FURNISH RULES
FOR EXHIBITORS
Patrolman Massey was buried to-day.
There was a very large attendance, the
cortege being headed by a platoon of po
lice officers. - ¦ . f • .' . .
The firearms . and ammunition taken
from the stores broken into last night are
still in the hands of those who composed
the mob.
Baptist Town was being depopulated to
night. Negro families. by the dozens were
leaving:, some of them taking refuge in
the open country. Newburg road, leading
to the west, was lined by negroes in wag
ons arid camped by the roadside. Nearly
all -were armed. ;
The last work of the mob early this
morning before dispersing was to destroy
the "Blue Goose" saloon, a negro resort
In Baptist Town. There. was a circus in
town to-day, which brought additional
crowds of whites and negroes.
In. the shooting of last night Henry
Armstrong, a young white man, was shot.
Me will recover. .
The Grand Jury met to-day and indict
ed Lee Brown, the negro who killed Pa
trolman Massey, for murder In the first
degree. The general feeling of unrest and
uneasiness caused a meeting of Mayor
Culvert.tghcrlff Kratz and the county offi
cials at which the grave situation was
discussed and plans made to protect all
citizens if another~outbreak were precipi
tated. All saloons In the city were or
dered closed to-day.
The first clash between the militia and
citizens occurred this afternoon, a few
hours after tho soldiers took up their sta
tions in front of the Jail. A man at
tempted to bru3h past one of the sentries.
He was halted and turned back, but ad
vanced a second time, grabbing the sol
dier's gun and attempting to wrest it
from his hands. The soldier resisted and
finally freed his weapon and struck his
assailant with his bayonet. The man was
not badly injured.
Late this evening a man was found try
ing to edge his way past . a sentry. He
was caught and an effort was made by
the soldier to force^hixnT outside the lines.
The guard thrust his bayonet Into the
man's right side. Inflicting a severe
wound. The rioter wrested the gun away
from the soldier, and despite his .wound
threw the guard to the ground and would
have bayoneted him had It not been for
the prompt arrival of assistance.
After the soldiers took possession of the
jail this evening the streets leading to
the Jail were, crowded. Many Incendiary
speeches were made against the militia.
NEGROES ARE IN FLIGHT, g
Everything is quiet now around the jail.
The soldiers are under,. arms. Outposts
are stationed to avoid guerrilla shooting
from the. neighboring streets with rifles.
Governor Durbin i.as summoned a num
ber of prominent citizens to confer with
him at once over the telephone as to what
action will -be taken.. Should an outbreak
follow the arrival of the Vincennes com
pany the Terre Haute company will be
rushed here by special train.
FIRST CLASH WITH MILITIA.
its way here, and Colonel McCoy fear:
another outbreak when it arrives.
Mrs. Teresa C. R. Miller, widow of
George W. Miller and daughter of tho
late Judge Philip W. and Rachel Shep
heard of this city, died at the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Gorham, 1342 Hayc3
street, on Sunday night.
Although Mrs. Miller had been indis
posed for a week from heart failure,
there were no symptom? which were suf
ficiently serious to warn * the ¦ family of
impending death. ~
Mrs. Miller was born In the year iS40
on board the merchant ship Arkansas, of
which at that time Judge Shepheard was
captain. The vessel was rounding Capo
Horn at the time of her birth, and Dr.
K. H. Trail, who was a passenger, de
clared that the child should be born un
der the flaE c* the United States, and
while a terrific storm was raging he float
ed the Stars and Stripes above the cabin.
Mrs. Miller had a host of friends In
San Francisco and. Indeed, throughout
California. She was a charter member
of the Assoc!ation of Pioneer Women of
California and took great interest In all
matters that Dertalned to the advance
ment of the State.
The funeral service over the remains
will be held at the residence of Mrs. Gor
ham at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
MRS. T. C. R. MILLER DIES
AFTER A SHORT ILLNESS
Well-Known Member of Association
of Pioneer Women of Califor
nia Passes Away.
Smith pot in on him several times with
very hard straight lefts and uppercuts.
The local man fairly rained blows on the
rhampion, but the latter was able to take
the punishment and came back strongly.
PHILADELPHIA. July 6.— Young Cor
bett fought six rounds with Sammy
Smith of this city at the National Ath
'ctic Club to-night, and :the champion had
little' the better of the bout. Smith was
fn_ excellent condition and gave Corbett a
h'ard battle. In the first round Corbett
Ff nt Smith to the floor twice. The first
time he took the count and the second
time the bell paved him. In the fourth
snd fifth rounds Corbett again sent the
Philadelphia n down with hard punches,
snd each time he again took the count.
¦When Corbett came up for the last round
he seemed a little tired and did not fight
Tilth his accustomed viclousness.
Champion Twice Floors the Phila
delphian, but Is Unable to
Put Him Out.
SMITH .GIVES YOUNG
CORBETT A HARD FIGHT
state executive" who is
Peeking to bring race war
TO AN E.ND. •
' BERLIN, July 6.— A Sofia dispatch to
the Lokal Anzeiger says the Bulgarian
War Office has called out 20.000 reserves,
ostensibly for three weeks' maneuver*,
and that two battalions of pioneers have
"!>een ordered to the Turkish frontier.
The Frankfurter Zeitung states that the
Turkish Government has decided to im
mediately order 106 quick-firing guns from
the Krupp works.
LONDON, July 7.— The Dally Tele
graph's correspondent at Vienna the
holief prevails there that Bulgaria intends
\o send an ultimatum to Turkey.
The Morning Advertiser publishes a dis
patch from Constantinople faying the po-
Jice have discovered in the Bulgarian
qaarter a large quantity cf dynamite con
.cealed in a cellar. The owners escaped,
•but a Greek was found In the cellar,
stabbed to the heart. It is rumored, adds
the dispatch, that the Bulgarian commit
tee intended to blow up the residence of
one of the foreign Embassadors in order
\o bring about an international compli
cation.
While in the East Mr. Sproule also at
tended a meeting of the Transcontinen
tal Freicht Bureau. The latter made no
advance in overland rates, finally reject-
Ing 400 applications for reductions and re
classifications of various commodities.
Discussing the meeting Mr. Sprd\ile
said that while the Elklns bill specifi
cally provides that the corporations in
terested in" the trans-Pacific trade shall
file with the Interstate Commerce Com
mission a tariff schedule, and while the
latter body has always cqntended that it
has jurisdiction over this business, it is
still an unsettled legal problem as to
whether the commission's authority ex
tends to trans-Paclflc business. How
ever, the railroad and steamship compa
nies decided to file a schedule.- The latter
does not materially change the old rates,
notwithstanding recent reports to the
contrary. As a matter of fact the present
rates are very low. being made so in or
der to meet the competition bv way of
the Suez canal. *
William Sproule, freight traffic mana
ger of the Southern Pacific Company, re
turned from Chicago, where he attended
a meeting of the leading officials of the
rail and steamer lines interested In trans-
Pacific traffic. The main purpose of the
meeting was to prepare a freight traffic
schedule for the Interstate Commerce
Commlssidn. There were present at the
meeting representatives of the Southern
Pacific Company, Union Pacific. Oregon
Short Line, Santa Fe, Great Northern
and Canadian Pacific railways and all
the big steamship companies whose ves
sels operate between this country and
Asiatic ports.
Manager Sproule Says Trans-Pacific
Bates Will Not Stand a Fur
ther Reduction.
NO MATERIAL CHANGES
IN TARIFF SCHEDULE
been fostered here for seven years, and
In that time not a negro has been allowed
to liv in the town. In 1896 a coal company
Imported 300 negroes to take the places
of strikers in one of the mines. The ne
groes organized a company and drilled
with riflea in the streets. One of them
shot a white boy, and the entire white
population, "aroused at midnight by the
flrebell, raided the negro quarters and
drove every negro from the city, several
being shot. j
At 10:30 o'clock the members of Com
pany A, First Regiment, Indiana National
Guard, after a day's vigilant guarding of
the county Jail, and 100 deputy sheriffs
under Sheriff Chris Kratz, fired point
blank into a mob of 1000 men gathered on
Fourth, Division and Vine Btrets, sur
rounding the Vanderburg County Jail and
attempting its capture. From 7 o'clock
this morning until the hour of to-night's
catastrophe the crowd surged about the
Jail, calling the militia vile names, as
saulting them with stones and berating
the deputy sheriffs who guarded the jail.
The mob had gradually become more and
more excited and its manifestations of
uneasiness more freauent. and at 10
o'clock it was seen that nothing could
prevent an assault on the jail.
At 10:39 o'clock the rioters pressed. for-
1 N'DIAXAPOLIS. Ind.. Julv 6.— Gover-
I nor Durbln has Just arrived at his
I office. He has ordered out the militia
* companies at New Albany, Terre
Haute and Vincennes and is calling
out Indianapolis companies to be held in
reserve. He is preparing to declare mar
| tial law.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., July 6.— Following
I four days of rioting and general lawless
ness this city to-night saw the most ter
rible of Us experiences with rioters.
Seven persons are dead and fourteen are
known to be wounded and at least that
number more are thought to be Injured.
The dead:
EDWARD SCHIFFMAN, painter, top
of head blown off with rifle.
HAZKL. ALLAMAN, 15 years of age,
daughter of Joseph H. Allaman, shot In
breast with shotgun.
JOHN BAKNETT, shot in right lung;
died in hospital.
AUGUST JORDAN. 19 years of age,
musician, bullet wound through heart.
ED RULE, 23 years of age, laborer,
shot through body and head; killed in
stantly.
TWO UNIDENTIFIED DEAD MEN,
lying in front of the jail. >.:'¦¦ ¦'•"
The wounded: Fred Schmidt, driver of
Cook's Brewing Company, shot in leg and
arm, taken to his home; Fred Kappler,
son of City Fireman v Henry Kappler,
buckshot charge in face and body wounds,
serious, will die; Lee Hawley, laborer,
shot in leg; Robert Miller, shot in cheek,
not serious; Charles Presky, aged 17
years, grocery boy, shot through left
wrist and bullet wounds in both heels;
Theodore Been>, aged 20 years, shot in
right side, painful flesh wound; John
Fares, aged 48 years, shot in head and
hip, may die; Albert Kasuss, soldier, shot
while picking up wounded rioter, hit in
right arm. not serious.
Six other rioters were seen to fail, but
got away before their names were
learned.
Four members of Company A. First
Regiment, suffered bullet and light gun-
I shot wounds in the body. One of them
was shot through the shoulder, another
through the ankle and another received
two slight scratches. Two deputy sheriffs
were slightly wounded.
BULLETS FROM TBOOPS.
Belief That the Sofia Government
Is About to Send an Ulti
matum to Constan
tinople.
Bullets Are Sent
Into Ranks of
the Mob.
Sultan Is Purchasing Quick
.- firing Guns From the
Krupp Works.
Twenty Thousand Men
' Ordered to Turkish
Frontier.
Terrible Scenes
on Streets of
the City.
BULGARIA
CALLS OUT
RESERVES
INDIANA GOVERNOR CALLS FOR THE STATE SOLDIERY;
SEVEN ARE KILLED AT NIGHT IN EVANSVILLE RIOTS
Militia Charges
on Desperate
Throngs.
Muskets Sound
in a Fierce
Combat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CKjSQt^E SSES3B9 DB83SS ¦hl
j|L Women's Shoes
43^ $2.50
Value $3.50 a Pair
'C *lS • I BASEMENT DEPARTMENT.
/I ' ; '*3j|li I Kid vvith patent leather tips,
jC\|||||j I Goodyear welt soles, lace or-
:|| V.y. I button. One of this season's
K *wim8i 9 s J ust anotner skirmish in
nKB/'' I our att^ e °f real 'y £° 0( * shoes at
j really low prices against cheap
¦ nun ** shoes at seemingly low prices.
Take a look at them in. our show window.
xs I RO^IS^WIS H'
and Promptly 1% Th f Beat Sho« Store W for thc
Filled. , 07 |C9 ,„/ 113 KEARNY ST.. San Francisco AskIn *
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOT WEATHER-NERVOUS WOMEN.
=> <^^^^^> ,c5j Fe-ru-na is a Catarrhal Tonic
1 ( Especially Adapted to the
f\ Nervous Depression Incident
$ * Miss Blanche Grey, a prominent young
J * SS^^^^^^S society woman of Memphis. Tenn.. In a
I * /A^^t^p^^^vW^^N recent letter from 174 Alabama street,
I'S^^^^^^^^^'TifJli "To a society woman whose ner-
yous force is often taxed to the ut-
hMi^^^^^^^^^^H meals, I know of nothing which is of
ipls^^^^^^^^^^Ps. so much benefit as Peruna. I took it
a few months ago when I felt my
siren 9 tn 9 lvin 9 wa y> an d if 500n made
itself manifest in giving me new
W^f^WS^tB^Z} A Letter From Julia Marlowe.
PflE==^^==lh;:s=^^^§lllg^g' In a recent letter to The Peruna Medi-
irW__ ""^^"^-^ " ca * Co., Alias Julia Marlowe, of New York
Kg=====5==^H^3 City, has the following to say of Peru-
¦ "I am glad to write my endorsement
======^§gg£ll of the great remedy, Peruna, as a nerve
gg=E5p2«%j»L tonic. I do so most heartily.'*— Julia Mar-
-^^^^f^^^SX-x^^S^^^g^^- Nervousness is very common amonsc
women. This condition Is due to anemic
1^^ nerve centers. The nerve centers arc thc
Sei^^Vi^'S^5'^^ / y^^-''^-=-^=S« reservoirs of nervous vitality. Thes«
SS^^gj^S^^^^/tJ^ ss-S-i — *" centers become bloodless for want of
: 5''," proper nutrition. This Is especially true
ggafgrfrrasS^'^w «' *¦ in tho warm season. Every summer a
host of invalids are produced as the di-
, f €\ *q • *Sr^ fvw\.i /m rect^ result of weak nerves.
\|\ ijlCUvCn^VjlXy. / M This could be easily obviated by the
w\ \ * . J I (ft use of Peruna. Peruna strikes at the
\t <^*-"T : ft Jf root of the difficulty by correctinsr tho
s*£iyMa~mjlumm~2>^—mm 1 j n t cjx. s. digestion. Digestion furnishes nutrition
«**& vi • *JtC* '/ tor the nerve centers. Properly digested
VogL^ .JL X «=*¦> ft*r food furnishes these reservoirs of life
V **\S« r/Mj>\_\7fo£>a£? with vitality, which loads to strong,
steady nerves, and thus nourishes life.
lOVi^^l^lij^t*!/^^ The unsolicited praise that Peruna rc-
fJ?±^ 'gy lgy*yygp ceives surely proves that Peruna is with-
¦ w y^ l~~ ¦ JmL 1 I < out an equal as a nerve tonic and vital
\X y^TV*i .-J i S^BiZmJmi^^^J inviR-orator.
Thousands of testimonials from women
Peruna is in great favor among women, *n all parts of the United States are be-
especially those who have vocations that iri S received by Dr. Hartman every year.
are trying to the nervous system. Peru- Buy a bottle of Peruna. If you do not
na furnishes the lasting invigoration for receive all the benefits from Peruna that
the nerves that such people so much you expected, write to Dr. Hartman,
need. / ... Columbus. O. •
11 Han Francisco, Tuesday, 7 July, 1903. : ¦ yr
I i *
. Colonial, chair and rocker
![ Exact reproductions of old Colonial furniture pieces
will be found on our floors. They bring to memory the
• j - stories we are told about our great-great-grandfathers.
r The cliair and rocker shown here are strictly Colo-
nial in design and are extremely dainty. Made of
raahoganized birclr, with seats upholstered in silk
d2mask. Pric? for chair or rccker, $10.00.
The word "special" has a significance here that
• ; proves a revelation to many every time we use it Come
in before Wednesday night and see the sheepskin rugs
offered at $1.25 and the $10 music cabinet offered at
¦' • -5-95- These are both specials that were announced in
Sunday's papers for Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday .
•j' ..* Our big sixty-day woven wire offer, which ends;
August 1st, is another important special that you should
«, investigate. A $4.00 mattress for $2.65. '
' " (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
. (• . Q57 to 977_Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.TUESDAY ...JULY 7. 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
rtCret* All Communications to W. S. LEAK& Manager.
Ask for THE CALL. Th© Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOaiS 217 to 221 SleTcnion St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term» by Mmll. ladnfllnr Po«U<« (Ca«h With Order):
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). oc« y««- fS.OO
VA1UT CAUL, (include* Sunday). 6 months 4.OO
DAILT CALL.— By Sln*l« Month.... TBo
fcUNDAT <"at.t. On* Tear SJio
WEEKLT CALL. On» T**r *«O°
f Dally... f8.8O Per Tear Extra
• FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.OO Per Tear Extra
All Fottmaiferi are authorised to rceelv*
•nbaertptlons.
Cample ecpJe* wUl »>• forwarded when recnested.
Mall rebaerlbera In orderlos char.g* of afiire»» ¦houla bm
. particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt aad correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
, 111S Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tl*S Center Street Telephone North 7T
C. GBORGC KIIOGNCSS. Manager Foreign Adrer
tUtnff, Mnrquette Bulldlnff, Chicago.
<Loc* Distance Telephone "Central W19.">
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOItTOX E. CRAAK 1-4OO G Street, W. W.
BRAKCII OFFICES— 127 Montgomery, corner of Clay. op*«
CEtil 0:80 o'clock. S00 Hayea, open until 0:30 o'clock. <B9
McAlllf ter. open until 8 :S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:8O o'clock. 1641 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22S1
Market, corner Elxteenth. open until 9 o'clock. 109« Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 10« Elerenth. open until 9
o'elock. NW. corner Twenty-second aad Kentucky, open
until » o'clock. 2200 FUlmore, open until » o"c!ocii.
' • =====
; TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call tuliacrlbrr* eontem«ilattna* m. ehansjre of
r*r«idence dnrlna* the ismmtr months ean have
Cfcelr paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notlfylnsr The Call Business Office.
TUU paper irlU also be on sale at all samnter
• resorts and Is represented ..y a local ajjent In
all town* on the coast.
Large Shipment of Gold Coming.
SYDNEY. N. S. W., July 6.— The steam
¦hip Ventura, which sailed from this port
to-dayi for San Francisco, has on board
tt.500,000 In gold.-)f{§|gifflgi§g
Walkirez,- the self : confessed murderer, now in the
Alameda- County Jail, threatens to starve himself to
death if he is not fed upon delicacies instead of or
dinary prison fare. The stony-hearted jailer says he
is not running a 'delicatessen plant, so the issue ' is
clearly up to Walkirez.
There is no foretelling the possibilities of the auto
mobile.. The proprietor of a Santa Rosa flour mill,
wishing to test his machinery, hitched a belt to an
auto and found, that things ran beautifully. If this
keeps up we may expect to find some of our surplus
bicycle riders engaged in the capacity of motor to a
peanut stand.
Regarding the naval maneuvers at Kiel the
Kreuz Zeitung says of the American sailors: "They
are careless in appearance and are not careful in giv r
ing and returning salutes, even toward their own
superiors. Their behavior, would cause a Prussian
corporal's hair. to stand on end." Quite likely. Their
behavior had an even worse effect on some of Spain's
sailors quite recently.
A CURIOUS report comes from Washington to
the effect that Mr. Cannon, who is sure to be
elected Speaker of the House, has decided to
oppose any attempt during the coming session of
Congress to provide for currency legislation. He
is said to have declared a conviction that the coun
try does not need either a "rubber" currency or an
asset currency, that the demand for such legislation
comes from Wall street only, and will be opposed by
the House.
In explaining the attitude of the coming Speaker
the Washington correspondent of the New York
Tribune says: "The positive attitude of Mr. Can
non on this subject is regarded by legislators who
have been in close touch with the situation as an
indication of the beginning of a vigorous indepen
dent policy on the part of the House of Representa
tives. There is said to be no question of Mr. Can
non's election as Speaker of the Fifty-eighth Con
gress. His inclination for a test of strength with the
.Senate was clearly shown, it is pointed out, by re
marks which he made in the closing hours of the
last session, when he characterized the methods , of
'another body' as being practically those of 'stand
and deliver.' "
Should this report prove true, and Mr. Cannon r as
Speaker of the House, undertake to force* an issue
with the Senate on the currency question, he will
make a serious blunder. Popular sympathy was with
him when he made his famous declarations con
cerning the duty. of the House to resist the aggres
sions of the Senate, and if ' he were to choose a
favorable ground en which to make a, battle for the
rights of the House popular sympathy would re
main with him and be a potent ally in his fight; but
public opinion will be against him if he undertakes to
baffle any welldirected effort at currency legislation
during the coming winter.
It is no doubt very clever to speak of an elastic
currency as a "rubber" currency, but the issue is too
A BAD PROGRAMME
The British War Office has decided to furnish
gratis fajie teeth to any soldier who has lost his
while in the service. It is asserted that the teeth
of the men were injured during the South African
war by the hardness of the biscuits served; hence the
demand for new ones. It would seem to be better for
the War Office to improve the style of biscuits, but
perhaps they know best.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco — Mrs. C. Mason, at the Navarre;
F. B. Taylor and V. Waldron, at the Im
perial; J. A.- Benson, J. C. Bens*on, G.
Welland and R. Palmer, at the Grand
Union; J.M. Donald, at the Veridome; M.
Elliott, at the Rossmore; J. E. Field,-»at
the Herald Square; J.H. A. Folkers, at
the Union " Square; J. Nute Jr., at the
Westminster; H. D. Richards, at the Ash
land; J. -Williamson and wife and Mrs.
Thayer, at the Hoffman. .
From Los Angeles— Miss M. Creeck. at
the Giisey; D. W. Coyle and H. S. Knight,
at the Criterion; C. S. C. Johnson and W.
L^Kuhn. at the Victoria; Miss Kirkpat
rlck, at: the Cadillac; H., A, Lewis and
Miss Lewis, .at the Everett; Mrs. P. J.
McCormlck and Miss K. McCormick, . at
the ¦ St. Denis; W. D. Walker, at the
jLlarlborough,' and M. L. Wicks Jr.," at
the Holland. • -
Californians in New York.
Word was received In this city yester
day that Edward Chambers, .general
freight agent of the Santa Fe road, is
confined to his home in Los Angeles, suf
fering from a badly cut hand.- while
returning the other day from the East he
attempted to open a bottle of mineral wa
ter on the train for an invalid and the
bottle broke, the glass entering his
hand and severing an artery. For a
time it was feared he might bleed to
death, but a telegram was sent ahead for
medical assistance and the flow of blood
was finally stopped, but not until Cham
bers was in a very weakened condition.
R. H. Thlesser, who is connected with
the Department of Agriculture in Wash
ington, and wife are at the Occidental.
George Dawson, Instructor at the Chi
cago Athletic Club, arrived on the late
train last night and is at the California.
Frank Donahue, a newspaper man of
Sydney, was among the passengers who
arrived from the Antipod?s on the steam
er Sonoma yesterday and is stopping at
the Occidental.
- A. Lohmann, who represents the North
German Lloyd Steamship Company in
Sydney, and whose late father was direc
tor'general of the same company, \a at
the Palace. He is on his way to Bremen.
O. J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
T. G. Noyes, a lumber man of Napa, is
at the Palace.
T. W. Huckstif, a merchant cf Martinez,
Is at the Russ.
George V. Northey, a mining man of
gutter Creek, Is at the Lick.
M. M. Harris, a builder of organs, of
Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Dr. G. G. Graham and family of Pltts
burg are registered at the Grand.
George Nixon, banker and politician of
Winnemucca, Nev., is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Prince Adelbert to Join the Squadron.
BERLIN. July 6.— Prince Adelbert, third
son of Emperor William, will join the
German Kast Asiatic sry^idrop In October
for a year, but he wlM' probably return
by way of the United States in time to
visit the St. Louis Exposition.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound. la artistic flre
etcbed boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bid?.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tna
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephona Main 1042. •/;
WASHINGTON. July 6. — It waa announced
at the Navy Department to-day that the Pa
cific squadron will leave Dutch Harbor on its
return trip on August 6.
LAWYEBS ABE ACCUSED
OF WBONGING A CLIENT
Attorney General of Hawaii Prefers
Grave Charges Against Two Prac
titioners at Honolulu.
HONOLULU. June 27.— In the Supreme
Court yesterday Attorney General An
drews preferred charges of unprofessional
conduct against , Attorneys A. S. Hum
phreys and Frank E. Thompson. The
charges arose through their action in the
case of John K. Sumner, who sold prop
erty to the Oahu Railroad and Land
Company for $110,000. which amount was
tied up in litfgation until yesterday, when
Sumner secured J-JS.023, all that was left
of his money. Humphreys and Thompson
acted as attorneys for Sumner. arranging
a settlement with his relatives, who had
tied up the old man's estate, but failing:.
It is alleged, to procure a release from
them. Subsequently, it Is alleged. "the at
torneys acted for the^ heirs and relatives,
causing their former client's money to
again be tied up, thus acting without pro
fessional propriety. It is further alleged
that they threatened by legal process to
prevent Sumner controlling the money.
WISCONSIN has a member of the State
Board of Control named Kuestermann,
who has ideas about immigration that are
no doubt derived from his own nativity. He objects
to excluding indigents and illiterates, declaring that
"so long as factories and other enterprises find diffi
culty in getting men illiteracy ought not to be made
a test, while a property test will shut out gooc? and
patriotic citizens."
To this it may be retorted that so long as the re
form schools and juvenile penal institutions of this
country contain tens of thousands of native American
youths, who fester in the vices of idleness because
illiterate and indigent immigration * outlaws them
from trades and excludes them from occupation, all
immigration might be stopped with benefit to the
country until its occupations absorb all of its own
native increase in population.
Mr. Kuestermann is in favor of admitting indi
gents because he says that many years, ago Francis
A. Hoffman landed in this country with only $6 in
his pocket and later on became Lieutenant Governor
of Illinois. But Mr. Hoffman was an exception
among the immigrants of his day. The most of
them brought property along and nearly all of them
were more desirable than those that come now from
Southeastern Europe.
Foreign immigration for the fiscal year ending
June 30 amounted to but little short of a million, or
one alien and a fraction to each 100 of our popula
tion. The country does hot need it and cannot use
such an influx profitably to itself or to the immi
grants. The signs of .a surplus population of that
kind are increasing. One infallible sign that a coun
try is suffering from such a cause is when the alien
element is strong enough to deny to any part of the
native population its natural rights. This is being
done, with the result of penalizing native Americans
by enforced idleness.
INDIGENTS AND ILLITERATES
WANTED.
A. Rodeslno. a merchant of El Dorado,
Calaveraa County, filed his schedule In
Involuntary bankruptcy yesterday in the
United States District Court. He owca
16636 and has $4882 assets. Albert Pool, a
railway employe of Oakland, filed a vol
untary petition in insolvency. He owes
?';G1 50 and has no assets.
Bankruptcy Notes.
According to a Washington doctor the drink habit
is due mainly to an empty stomach. He says no
man desires a cocktail after dinner. It is only the
fellow who craves one before dinner or before break
fast that is in danger of becoming a drunkard. The
moral is plain: When thirsty, take something to eat.
lifted into the contempt of men upon the high rec-
ord of his fidelity, and this martyr will not have
died in vain if the sad story impress those who are
any where, at any time or in any way responsible
fer their brother man.
ItT is a pitiful tale that comes from the northern
I seas of a stranded ship, a volunteer to watch her
A while her skipper and crew went away to return
and rescue him and the property of others that he
stayed to save. A week went by, in the solitary vigil,
a month, two months, and finally a third of a year.
The ship stranded because some miscreant, as
scoundrelly as the solitary guard was true and brave,
had concealed a piece of iron in the compass, so that
the magnetic needle no longer told the truth. She
sailed out of her course and struck on the rocks of
an island, barren in the Arctic winter. Keel and rock
met on the last day of September, 1902. The captain
• and crew landed, and three days later were taken off
by a passing vessel and sent to Seattle — all but one.
Th* property of the owners was at stake, and Wil
liam Ode, sailorman, volunteered to guard it until
rescue came. More than four months later the relief
'sailed from Seattle and found the stranded ship, and
<Iead within her ribs William Ode, sailorman, his
bones bleaching and keeping grim guard over his
self-appointed tru?t. Beside them lay the ship's log,
in which, from October 4, 1902, to February, 1903, he
made a daily record of his lonely watch in the
ivhite silence.
Daily he worked at the ship's pump to keep out
the destroying water. Fuel and food grew shorter
and shorter. Scurvy, the scourge of the sea, gnawed
his flesh. For fresh water he depended on the snow,
and as it melted from the ship that supply grew less
and less. His daily log has been published. It is an
uncomplaining record of his pain, starvation, thirst
and bitter agony, and, most wonderful of all, this
remarkable man made no record of blame of the
skipper and the owners who had heartlessly deserted
and left him to die, while they went about their busi
ness in safety and when it suited them, a quarter
of a year later, set out to rescue his bones and their
His daily log is at first a businesslike record of
each day's doings, the weather and condition of the
ship. When his provisions began to run short it is
mentioned as if the need were another's and not his.
The weather is pitiless, great gales blow, the sun
goes below the horizon and the Arctic night falls on
sea and shore, and he tells it as if the effect of tem
pest, frost and the great darkness had been upon a
mate whose story he told from dictation. When,
finally, disease and ftarvation had wrought upon
his strength until he could no longer make a fire
to cook the miserable dole of improper food that was
left, hopeless of relief, but making no record of his
disappointment, not accusing the shameless wretch
who had disordered the compass nor the inhuman
• owners and captain who had left him to perish, he
bravely faced death.
On December 1 he had written in the log: "My
twentv-seventh birthday; carried fifteen barrels of
water." February 17 he wrote: "I can get aft no
more. No fire in the stove for three days. I hope
it will end soon." And February 19: "Life is sweet,
but death is sweeter in a case like this. To-day I had
only some dried ?pples and a piece of ice." The 20th
he wrote, "I am waiting for my death," and then,
probably the next day: "Death at last. Four months
alone." The tragedy was over. He was a young
man, and to the young life is dear, but, no sail in
sight, he turned like a philosopher to the only ship
¦•"that could take him off, and when death steered that
way the forlorn man hailed it as months before he
would have greeted the coming of rescue.
Pity and admiration for this forlorn martyr strug
gle "with each other for expression. In the presence
of his bones who shall say that duty, responsibility
and self-sacrifice are no longer among the master
motives of men? It is one thing to die in high ac
tion, to be suddenly swept over the line that bounds
the hereafter, while the world looks on and history
, * ftands with pen poised to make, enduring record.
But it is quite another thing to die as did William
Ode. with the wrath of the -northern gale for his
requiem, the sunless winter- and a cheerless sea
around him. Those who were responsible will be
HONOLULU, June 30.— The Governor of
the Territory of Hawaii has no legal
power or authority to remove or even
suspend the heads of departments except
with the advice and consent of the Sen
ate. Thia was the unanimous decision of
the Supreme Court in the case of ex-
Auditor H. C. Austin's demand for his
salary during the period of his suspen
sion. A similar ruling was made in the
case of James H. Boyd. former Superin
tendent of Public Works, who was sus
pended by the Governor pending trial on
charges of alleged embezzlement. Boyd
has already received the pay to which he
was entitled during his term of suspen
sion, and Austin win now receive his sal
ary from September 26 to November 30.
The effect of the ruling la that any
wrongdoer In the government service, no
matter what crime he may commit, will
be paid his salary until the Governor can
summon the Senate in special session to
give its advice ar.d consent to the re
moval of any appointee of the Governor.
Kaweiran Supremo Court Bender* an
Important Decision in Case of a
Suspended Official.
GOVERNOB DOLE LACKS
LEGAL POWER TO REMOVE
THE MARTYR OP THE WRECK
As the beast kicked in Its death strug
gles and was nearing the edge of the
precipice, Ogburn yelled to Watts to
clutch a young tree growing within reach.
The advice was heeded. A second after
ward the bear toppled over the edge.
REDDING, July 6.— On the edge of a
cliff. 100 feet above a canyon, John
Watts, a cattle raiser of this county, lay
on his back and hung on to the jowls of
a bear which had fallen on top of him
until the animal was shot by Watts'
companion. Then the beast, in Its death
struggles, rolled down the precipice and
nearly took the man along with it.
That is the story that Watts and his
companion, John Ogburn. tell of an oc
currence in the Big Bend region of this
county. The bear ran up a ridge near
the camp, with the dogs and men after It.
Near a precipice it took refuge in a thick
clump of young firs. Ogburn started
around on one side of the firs. Watts re
maining near the precipice.
The bear saw Osburn, but did not see
Watts. Out it ran. plump against Watts,
knocking him down and falling on top of
him. Watts, for some reason, took a firm
grasp on each Jowl of the bear. Before
the bear recovered it3 senses sufficiently
to hurt the man beneath it. Ogburn came
running with his rifle, pressed it against
the bear's side and sent a bullet' Into Its
heart.
WHEN public attention was directed a few
years ago to the employment of child labor
.on an extensive scale in the cotton mills of
the South there was a sanguine belief that the evil
would soon be abated under the pressure of public
opinion. That belief has been dissipated. Recent
disclosures have brought to light the fact that child
labor is employed in some of the Northern States
in defiance of law almost as extensively as in the
South itself, and it has been furthermore made known
that it is going to be no easy matter to get good
laws enacted in the South or to get them enforced
in the North.
The Philadelphia Public Ledger quotes the chief
of the State Department of Mines as saying that the
bituminous miners in the western part of Pennsyl
vania have determined to defy the law and then
goes on to say: "The people of the State will gen
erally be very. much surprised to hear this, after all
the fierce diatribes hurled at the 'conscienceless
operators' who were supposed to have heartlessly en
couraged, or at least permitted, the employment of
those of tender years in the hard andidangerous work
of the mines; but wonder will grow wheri it is an
nounced that not only the bituminous miners, but a
large part, if not the great majority, of the very an
thracite miners who aroused the sympathies of the
country so effectively in their behalf by reciting the
horrors of child labor in the mines. and the callous
cruelty of the operators, are also arrayed against the
enforcement of the law."
A similar frankness has been displayed by the cot
ton manufacturers of Georgia. The Legislature of
that State is now in session and has a child labor
bill under consideration. A representative of the
Georgia Industrial Association recently appeared be
fore the Assembly and made a straight-out plea for
child labor. He declared that advocates of the pro
posed legislation were either sentimentalists, antago
nists of Southern mills or demagogues seeking no
toriety. His speech contained no promise of any
mitigation of the existing evil, nor any admission that
it'is an evil. From start to finish it was a declaration
of intention to run the mills by child labor as far as
possible.
Declarations of that kind serve to show the need
of a new campaign of education on the child labor
question. It will never do for this country to take
a back step on that issue. It may be difficult to pro
cure the enactment of good laws in the South, but
they will come in time 'if the progressive elements of
the Southern people are properly aided and encour
aged in their struggle to obtain them. As for the
Northern States, the laws can be enforced if the
officials do their duty and are "-properly sustained
by a resolute public opinion. •
CHILD LABOR DEFENDED.
A Paris dispatch, narrating the settlement of a
will contest which resulted in making a ycung woman
the heiress of a* large estate, says: "Since it is known
that the young lady has a large sum in her own pos
session she has had twenty offers of marriage from
as many Counts. In fact, her windfall is interfering
with the American marriage market."
• •'•?¦$ •;:?'-.•
Mrs. Carl Hansen and Mrs. Charles
Voge are spending their summer vacation
at the Hotel Bellevue. Mill Valley.
Mrs. William Nuttall and her little
daughters. Mildred and Ruth, are spend
ing a few weeks at the Hotel Bellevue,
Mill Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Lowenstein announce
the engagement of their daughter. Mar
tie, to Myer Hlrsch of Portland. An en
gagement reception will be held next Sun
day at 13S5 Geary street.
O. E. Warren and party will leave San
Francisco this morning to return east
ward after touring this State for two
months and visiting the Yosemlte Valley.
So pleased are Mr. Warren and his
friends with California that they will re
turn in the near future to reside. Mr.
Warren is at present editor of the Nashua
Telegraph at Nashua, N. H. In the party
were Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Peper, Mr. and
Mrs. W. E. Stetson, Mr. and Mrs.. Charles
Collins. Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Gils, Mr. and
Mrs. William Harris, O. E. Warren and
Charles Perry.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin gave an informal
luncheon on Friday at her home on
Broadway.
Miss Pearl Landers returned from Mon
terey to be the guest of Miss Helen Dean
at Hotel Rafael over the Fourth.
The Hutch at Sausalito was the scene
of a jolly celebration on Saturday, when
a number of guests were entertained with
fireworks. A special launch was provided
to bring the merrymakers back to town
late in the evening. Among those present
were Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Costigan, Cap
tain and Mrs. H. E. Cloke, Miss Char
lotte Elllnwood, Miss Leontine Blakeman,
Miss Carrie Ayres, Miss Edith Findley,
Claude Terry Hamilton, Dr. Harry Tevls,
Robert Greer, Denis Searles and Harry
Holbrook.
Luke Fay, son of the late Senator John
Fay, gave a farewell bachelor dinner on
Sunday evening downtown in honor of
his approaching marriage. A San Joso
girl, graduate of the State Normal School,
class of '93, will be Mr. Fay's bride. The
wedding will not take place until next
month.
Word is wafted from Washington that
a wedding of Interest in. army circles was
celebrated on June 24. The bride was
Miss Margaret Thompson, daughter of
Colonel and Mrs. C. I. Hcizmann. "L T . 3. A.,
and the happy man was Lieutenant John
Randolph, U. S. A.
Dr. and Mrs. E. Brownell are expected
to return In August, when they will take
possession of the Davenport house on
Broadway, which they have rented during
the absence of the owners.
, The C. P. Robinsons and their youngest
daughter, Miss Kathryn . Robinson, re
turned yesterday from the Jarboe ranch
In the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Miss Josephine Loughborough Is still
the guest of the De la Touni, She is
expected home this week.
Mrs. C. A. Coolidge, wife of Colonel
Coolidge. gave an "at home" last evening
In honor of Miss Johnson of Vancouver
Barracks. The cozy quarters of the popu
lar colonel and his wife were prettily
decorated for the occasion and their
friends were pleasantly entertained.
Admiral and Mrs. Trilley were ten
dered a reception recently at Monterey
by Major and Mrs. Lassiter of the Fif
teenth Infantry. Two hundred and fifty
guests were invited to partake of the
cordial military hospitality.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Peixotto sailed
from New York for Europe on Saturday.
They expect to spend the coming winter
in Spain. The Peixottos paid a visit to
relatives In Oakland in the early spring
and were about to return to Paris, when
Mrs. Peixotto wag attacked with appendi
citis and was obliged to remain until she
could gain strength from the dangerous
operation.
. Mrs. Peixotto devotes most of her leis
ure to literary work and has written ex
cellent sketches which have appeared In
leading magazines, illustrated by her
artist husband.
MAN BATTLES
WITH A BEAR
AT A PRECIPICE
"This Is the annual overflow of the Colo
rado River," said Mr. Lippincott. "but
th* volume of water is many times that
generally passing through the channel at
flood tide, 'me Colorado RK'er, like the
Nile, has a season of summer overflow
which is caused by melting snows and
heavy rains In the mountains of Montana.
Wyoming and Colorado. This flood water
has washed its way through the Grand
Canyon, traveling in all more than 2000
miles. At the present the river is
discharging "3,000 cubic 'feet of water per
second and there have been practically no
additions to the flood during the last fif
teen hundred miles which the water has
traveled. The farmers below Yuma had
been warned by Government reports that
the flood was coming and they drove most
of their live stock to the high ground be
fore it reached them. The loss of prop
erty and of crowing crops is very heavy.
The river down below Yuma will average
almost ten miles In width."
LIppincott was caught in a portion of
the flood caused by the breaking of one
of the levees along the river at Yuma
and was rescued by an improvised life
saving crew patrolling the flooded district
in boats. He says the flood Is the worst
that has been experienced since the Gov
ernment land below Yuma was opened to
settlement.
LOS ANGELES, July 6.— J. B. Llppin
cott, consulting engineer of the United
States Geological Survey, has returned
from the Colorado River country about
Yuma and tells of the unprecedented flood
of waters now rushing down that stream.
Melting snows and cloudbursts in the up
per reaches of the Colorado have swollen
It far beyond the record of summer rises.
The river has broken over dikes and
levees at many places between ..Needles
and Yuma. and thousands of acres of
ranch lands are under water. Forty thou-
Band acres of bottom lands below Yuma
are flooded to the depth of from five to
fifteen feet. A canal which furnished Ir
rigating facilities for ranchers between
Yuma and the mouth of the river has
been washed out. Water from the river
is rushing down the canal and inundating
thousands of acres of rich farm lands.
On Thursday the American officers will
be entertained at breakfast bv the Pil
grims' Club and afterward Admiral Cot
ton, the captains of the American vessels
and Attache Stockton will dine with the
Kin? at Buckingham Palace.
On Friday the Lord Mayor will give tha
American officers a luncheon at the Man
sion House, and In the evening they will
attend a dinner given by Embassador
Choate at the American embassy, to
which King Edward has been invited,
but it is feared that his Majesty will be
unable to attend. The entertainment will
end July 13 with a ball given at Ports
mouth. Rear Admiral Cotton will return
some of the courtisies extended to the
American squadron by giving a reception
and dinner on the Kearsarge on July 14.
On Wednesday, besides the entertain
ments at Portsmouth. Admiral Cotton,
his captains and Naval Attache Stockton
will be the guests of honor at a dinner
at the London house of the Earl of Sel
borne, First Lord of the Admiralty. Later,
accompanied by twenty-three other ofil
cers of the sauadron, they will attend
the state ball given in honor of President
Loubet at Buckingham Palace.
PORTSMOUTH, En«r-. July *•— In the
{nidst of the entertainment of President
Loubet England has not neglected to
make full preparations for the reception
of Rear Admiral Cotton's squadron. The
American warships were not expected to
arrive until to-morrow morning, but the
heavy weather in the channel diove the
Kearsargc. San Francisco and Chicago
into Spithead to-night. As soon as the
news was communicated to Admiral Ho
tham the vessels of the channel squadron
began to twinkle ft welcome with their
electric lights, but beyond this there was
no demonstration. The gunboat Machlas
has not yet arrived, but Is expected to
join Admiral Cotton before morning. The
British squadron at Portsmouth is more
formidable In offensive power than the
channel squadron, which received Pres
ident Loubet at Dover to-dav. .
The city Is decorated with the British
and American colors. The American war
ships assembled at Spithead will enter
Portsmouth harbor at 9:30 to-morrow
morning, passing through the line of the
British warships, which will lire salutes.
This compliment will be returned by the
Kearsarge and her consorts. Official
calls will then be exchanged by Lord
Charles Beresford. Admiral Milne and
Rear Admiral Cotton. Admiral Hotham
will be the host to-morrow night giving
a dinner at the Admiralty House, which
will be attended by Admiral Cotton, Flag
Lieutenant Hussey, Flag Secretary
Manna and the captains of the American
warships. After the dinner both fleets
will be illuminated.
.When men can go no further than that in denoun
cing an outbreak of lawlessness amounting to an
archy in its worst form, it is evident there is some
thing radically wrong with the tone of public sen
timent. The issue is the more fearful because it has
come upon the country in a most unexpected and
unintelligible way. It is but a few years ago that
the first case of burning a negro at a stake occurred,
and at that time it was received with expressions of
horror all over the Union. Since that time the of
fense has been so frequent that it has become almost
a commonplace. The terrible spirit that prompts it
appears to be increasing in force and spreading in
extent, so that it has now become an issue of most
serious importance to the country.
When first public attention was drawn to the fre
quency of lynching the defense was that the crime
was committed only as a punishment for assaults
upon women. That defense is no longer valid.
Some of the most fearful lynchings have occurred
where no such crime was committed or even alleged.
It has been suggested that a better system of pub
lic education in the South would put an end to the
evil, but in Northern States, where a hjgh standard
cf public education prevails, there haVe been just
as bad lynchings as in any Southern State. It seems
that the cause of the crime is nothing more nor less
than the breaking down of law. The people nave
no respect for their courts nor for their law officers.
In its last dialysis lynching is nothipg more than
anarchy, and sooner or later it will have to be dealt
with as anarchy and sternly suppressed by the strong
hand of established order. •
The introduction of the resolution precipitated a
stormy discussion, and in the end the union adopted
a compromise declaration, contenting itself with say
ing: "We earnestly express our great sorrow and
grief over the awful tragedies recently enacted in a
neighboring State, and we pray for the early restora
tion of peace and right and law throughout all our
native land."-
s-*^ LOSELY following the burning of the negro,
I White, near Wilmington, Uel., and the con
s'-^ sequent danger of a race war between^ the
whites and the blacks of that city, come reports of a
similar outburst of lawlessness at Evansville, Ind.
Those two instances do not stand alone. Statisti
cians who keep a record of lynchings report that up
to the time of the Wilmington outrage there had
been since January I no less than forty-five such
cases. They have occurred in the North and the
West as well as in the South, and there is every
reason to believe they are liable to occur wherever
an opportunity for them is afforded..
The extent of the evil has now become as notable
as its lawlessness. It is evident that from one cause
or another a considerable percentage of the Ameri
can people are becoming subject to fits of violent
rage that render them incapable of reasoning or of
acting like responsible persons. A mad desire for
vengeance against some suspected criminal breaks
out in a seemingly well ordered community, and at
once hundreds of men and not a few women begin
clamoring for a victim. No influence of good men,
no authority of law, is sufficient to check their mad
impulse, and soon another crime is added to the list
that is already appalling.
The lynching spirit seems, in fact, to be rapidly
spreading over the country. It shows itself every
where, even in places where it is least to be expected
or condoned. An illustration of the extent to which
it has infused the minds of educated men is furnished
by a recent occurrence in Philadelphia. The crime
that led up to the Wilmington lynching was com
mitted so near Philadelphia that the Ministerial
Union of that city deemed it expedient to make a
declaration concerning it. A resolution was intro
duced beginning with the statement: "In view of the
atrocious acts of lawlessness within a few miles of
Philadelphia, by which American manhood has been
stained, the efficiency of popular institutions brought
into question and Christianity horrified at the sight
of a multitude of people wearing its garb gloating
over the writhing form of a human being slowly
burned to death in their applauding presence," and
going on to say: "The Ministers' Union of Phila
delphia and vicinity hereby proclaims its abhorrence
of such acts of lawlessness and calls upon all who
love God and their country to use every means in
their power to suppress mob rule and aid those
in authority to 'apprehend and punish any who may
set the law at defiance." '
RIVER WATERS
SPREAD OVER
RANCH LANDS
LITTLE OCCURS
TO ENLIVEN THE
SOCIAL WORLD
BRITISH GUNS
WILL SALUTE
OUR SQUADRON
important to be affected by witticisms. The . expe
rience of last fall taught the people the need of a
scientific, self-adjusting monetary system, and if the
House attempts to assert its powers by making a
deadlock on that issue the Senators will have occa
sion to rejoice, for victory will be in their hands
beyond a doubt.
THE MENACING ISSUE.
THE SAN FBAKGISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1003.
6
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
§>txn 3ffranrtgroJ§l«g Hook
jSy^S^grrjuriisss:^!! = — zmnm ~~ - === — — Being Compiled
jt^ft7*j^3SB5MWK^C^B^E^B^^MBBiS3B^MBMPBlsHBBiMflsHlEskSffilB3WB^ j^T- T i FT t* **
S^Syjwg^y^^^^^gj^^^^YK^^yj^^^j^^j^^^^ggBwS^^H^M 1903 " 19D4
Containing the
BSB|Pg3SIBBB«flflpil^^ Leading Families
gggB^aftS«Pje^ alphabetically
I^^OT§P^^8^^w^^^»,^^^r?*iSln3^W^Uisw^^^"*S*^'C ; *^ arranged in gToups
IfiB3rar|CTfflypSjB?g"ro^ *^t^i matron and maid
VSftlwt\ r^KtBHr»S?p5!K££Vai and benedict and
8 aSJLJJ MwVS^^^W^S^ bachelor. ;
BMM^fflaHMMBSt^mli., »V «|j[ ¦» a\f>i3tfR; Atgjvgq a Oakland, Alameda,
{lggjgflMg|gl|jglgHaHiMBBj|M Berkeley,
kSi^«!^aS^^^S^^^^S*«^5T^'«S«^mSS$5S*!*Ww§Bs !i Sau*alito,8elveder«
3*^ra^S«*^^ffi^^^*^^i^^a^^^t^S8S^TKB^^^B^NsS3SK'^^Si Borlinqame, j
ft^j\ jg^c^y yrSit-% Ai^!5K^^3^^iv>^'Tt^k^^SjW6^ryB^VK^aViWfcrerc^iMCTKKftSJTJ Sacramento, *
|ST*qj^\Ec&yifljvSKvy!^VJv?^^?jS^ * '*^--y r '*l l Stockton,
B^K^^^JJ^^SSJ^^^^^^^SSSRK^K^^^^^SOTMB^'^ftAt^^KK^rSl Santa Crux,
fc*^> Jl^Tfcs(f<«^y\*xy*^' II A^f^WyyKlHp*. yWry*^^ft^7^V j *yW»^B'-^fcJ^^ ; iIlijUgMfij^h?ffiCficanfc?tljJiWlfla HU99 V alley.
s^ffSSMB^SCsl3PMP£Tt\yM?M^&?y^S J ?£Qw^tf'frjl>PK~Bp*^ M^nlo Path
{SSWmBKhBS^wBB— yS8W<yf^ "-OS Angeles, <
itOT^SlHK^SSiMiSSlKSftJStfejB^K^S^a^SKw^^^M^S^OT! Santa Barbara, I
fl«^^8BSBffiKS>^^C5SOTsS^*aK*S«v^H^w£>J^^«i < 7) ; San Diego,
jEOaM^KJSSsVffl Pe*adena,
Also a aub Depart-
f^^SSSP^V^I^^^^wKHBWffiKffiSS^yi cers Dfrectars and
fc^XwraSfirararo^^ Members with
IKvMw^^ffl&^^^^^^^H^^^^^W^^*^^^^^ their business ad-
SE^3aJ!ijjW i 'ft5a^ dresses ; perman'nt
£uesta of the lead-
s^^8ffiffiHBB^^^K»SffiB^^^^r^^^S LJ&k^l 1D ? no f te1 ?: person-
l^guW^CTSSg^^BfVtmttJj^^Pft^CS^t^B«S!sttMwaT^9DBSST3 ° °^ e press;
gjs76ig&%ST^^i'?2H^^y£g>ffeKaK?a^5 diagrams 01 the
theatres; and shop-
IKaKlWBKBHBSMKS^a^yAvy^*' e * W g"A>/» fr^S^ffia p«ng guide ; also
street and arenue
)xi^yrTvCr>t*yL<&Tta~i 3E?^^r*2h?'&TjC\f*.i4*yv \?^?is^2nBn?jSjirj^P\Si guide giving car
desired number,
AOORESS ALL COMMUmCATIONSTO CHAS.C. HOAG. PUBLISHCII
320 SAN8OMC ST., ROOMS 47 TO 65
TELCPHONt MT»N E 1Tfo D * BEATTIEPRINTING C -°' -
TELEPHONE MAIN 1T8O ,-¦- 8*N rRAWCHCO .HOSE -present yesterday at the
1 1 taking of testimony In the arbl-
I tration proceedings between the
Carmen's Union and the United
Railroads witnessed a most pa
thetic scene. C. F. Otterson, a car re
pairer, waa on the witness stand and was
testifying how small his pay was and how
hard he had to work. Question by ques
tion he was plied by Attorney Moore and
each time he answered in a straightfor
ward manner. At last the heartstrings of
the man were touched by the direct ques
tion of "why he, was' unable to save any
money from his salary of $75 a month."
For a moment the man was sllent;^then
his lips moved and he tried to force out
an explanation, but his efforts were fruit
less. With choking sobs he rose from his
chair and left tho room. A fellow carman
then whispered the explanation that Ot
terson's earnings had been eaten up by
doctors' bills. He was the father of three
children, and one of them, a little girl,
while playing in front of the house, had
been run over by a car and one of her
I Mayor to grant permission to J. Oliva to
! cultivate the lands surrounding Branch
County Jails. 2 and 3. Oliva is required in
return to furnish vegetables to the branch
Jails to the extent of 70,000 pounds yearly.
Ex-Supervisor W. M. McCarthy sent a
letter to the board protesting against the
appropriation by the board for "operators'
salaries" for the telephone exchanges re
cently installed for municipal purposes.
McCarthy called the attention ; of the
board to an agreement made with .the
telephone company by the terms of which
the company was to give the' city free
telephone service if the Supervisors
agreed to dismiss a number of suits pend
ing for the collection of delinquent' li
censes. The matter was referred to "the"
Finance' Committee
We are sealing agents for several foun
tain pens, including the "Waterman," the
"Swan" and the "Marshall," the best $1
fountain pen ever made. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Fountain Pens.
O'Brien was removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where the remain
der of the injured hand was amputated.
Sylvester O'Brien, 16 years of age and
residing at 1784 Ellis street, lost his left
hand yesterday as the result of exploding
a dynamite cartridge with a hammer.
While exploring a vacant store with
some other, boys at the corner of Ellis
and Pierce streets, young O'Brien found
a large cartridge and, picking it up to ex
amine it, he carelessly 3truck It with a
hammer which he carried in his right
hand. Tho cartridge exploded, partly
tearing away the boy's left hand.
Sylvester O'Brien Finds Dangerous
Explosive While Exploring
Vacant Store.
STRIKES CARTRIDGE WITH
HAMMER AND LOSES HAND
The first witness called yesterday
morning by E. J. Livernash was James
Brown of San Mateo, who examines the
applicants for the positions of carmen on
the road. He said there were two hiring
days a week and that the number of men
examined on each of these days averaged
about forty. ' Usually there were only
about six vacancies, but all the men who
called were seen and questioned. He told
in detail how he examined the men. The
company rarely engaged any who had not
references or letters to show where they
were last employed. He divided the ap
plicants into three classes, the first being
those who had trades and were unable to
Becure steady employment at them; sec
ondly, those who wanted to work on street
cars on account of the healthful employ
ment; and lastly, those who had saved
their money, had gone into business,
failed In their venture and wanted to
work for wages again. The applicants be
longed to a diversity of trades, with a few
professional men. One man had replied,
when he had asked him how much a day
was the most he had ever earned, "One
thousand dollars; I was formerly a mem
ber of the New York Produce Exchange."
EARNED $1000 A DAY.
legs had been amputated. "Otterson is
kind of sensitive about it," the carman
whispered, and when the witness had
dried his tears and bravely returned to
the witness stand. Attorney Moore in a
quiet and courteous manner excused him
self for asking such a direct question,
saying he did not know of Otterson's af
fliction.
SWITCHMAN' AT HAIGHT AND MARKET STREETS WHO TESTIFIED REGARDING THE UNPLEASANTNESS
OF HIS OCCUPATION BEFORE COMMISSIONER MURASKY YESTERDAY, AND TRACK REPAIRER WHO
BELIEVES HE IS ENTITLED TO A HIGHER WAGE THAN HE IS RECEIVING.
promote i to his present position from a
gripman. He owned his own home, which
his wife paid for with money that she
saved running a restaurant years ago
when they were first married. He com
plained that he was sick quite often and
lost much money by not being able to re
port. He refused to state how much
money he had in the bank.
Andrew a Forsberg, a car repairer,
earned $2 60 a day, he said. Ha is mar
ried, but has no children. He also refused
to tell how much his bank account
amounted to.
The taking of testimony will be re
sumed this forenoon at 10 o'clock.
During the afternoon session W. J. Mc-
Cloud, a track rvpairer in the employ of
the United Railroads, was recalled .by
Livernash. He complained that the cor
poration classed him as n laborer and
only paid him $2 a day. McCloud thought
his work was worth more money, as Ke
had to use all kinds of tools, and attcr
many years' experience was skilled at his
calling. Attorney Moore took him in
hand and attempted to -lraw a compari
son between his work and that of a sec
tion hand.
C. F. Otterson testified that he was a
car repairer at the Sacramento- street car
house. Ht> worked ten hours a day and
through working in excess of these hours
got his Sundays off. He said that word
ing these extra hours was very distaste
ful to him and he would prefer to wo;k
just the regular ten hours a day and get
two Sundays off a month if he could ar
range it. He thought a car repalror
should receive {3 a day and that the
hours of labor should be cut down to nine
hours. •
Thomas Kane, a switchman with a
melancholy countenance and who i3 a fa
miliar figure at the Junction of Halght
and Market streets, was next called. He
had more grievances than a policeman.
He told how he had to watch the cars
and keep a mental record of their time
schedule, raise and lower cables, stand
out in the street in all sorts of weather,
and last, but not least, dodge every rub
ber-tired buggy, the occupants of which
rarely cared whether the switchman was
run over.
His wages were $2 75 a day and he was
William F. Burke, Former Banker
and Shoe Man, Is Laid in
Final Resting, Place.
AGED PIONEER IS BURIED
IN HOLY CROSS CEMETERY
William F. Burke, one of the pioneer
business men of San Francisco, was
burled in Holy Cross Cemetery yesterday.
He died Monday, June 29, at the age of
73 years.
Mr. Burke came to San Francisco in
1850 and for years was engaged in the
shoe business on Montgomery street He
left mercantile pursuits to take a position
in the San Francisco Clearing House, and
then, after buying a 'ranch In Napa
County, he gave up banking and became
a vineyardest.
During his long residence in San Fran
cisco Mr. Burke made many friends, but
most of them passed away before him.
He was a member of both the vigilance
committees and was a member of the
State militia during the war.
The service at the grave yesterday -was
conducted. by. Rev. Father Prendergast
In the presence J of the family only.
The funeral took place " Wednesday,
July 3. It was attended by many ot his
old friends. **
Convenience Station Open.
Notice is given that the public conven
ience station, constructed by the Mer
chants' Association at Union square, has
been thrown open; to, the _ public by 'the
Park Commissioners. For the present the
station will be 'open from ,10 a. m. to 6 p.
m., throughout, the week, including Sun
days. A woman . attendant will be con
stantly 'present in the women's 'depart
ment while the station is open, and an
attendant will also be present In the
men's department. •
The elephant has a trunk. Have you?
If not. buy one from Leibold Harness Co.,
211 Larkln st. Ten per cent off: for next two
weeks.: All goods marked in plain ttgurea.*
A resolution was adopted that permis
sion be given for the erection of poles on I
Market street for. decorative purposes j
during the. forthcoming encampment of j
the Grand Army of the Republic. The ,
city will expend the sum of UJOQ for this I
purpose and the poles vill be used on all
occasions similar to the Grand Army en
campment, y
A resolution was passed authorizing the\
POLES TO BE EBECTED.
The bid for thirty-two new police alarm
street boxes presented by the Gamewell
Fire Alarm Company was placed on file.
The report of the City Engineer that
the cost of the original construction of
an electric line over the Geary street
route would amount to $710,000 , was re
ferred to the Committee on Public Utili
ties.
An invitation was presented by the Sloat
Monument Association requesting the May
or and Supervisors to attend the exercises
to be held next Thursday morning in
Portsmouth square in commemoration of
the fifty-seventh anniversary of the rais
ing of the American flag in San Francis
co. The invitation was accepted and per
mission was also granted for the firing of
a salute In the sauare during the exer
cises.
The petition of residents in the Rich
mond District that the brick-making fac
tory in that focallty be declared a public j
nuisance was again before the board. It 1
will be taken up by tne Supervisors next!
Thursday morning. I
A resolution from the Grand Jury was
presented calling the attention of the
board to the offensive manner in which
garbage is collected in the city and the
danger to the public health. The Grand
Jury recommended that every household
er be compelled to place garbage and
aches in tightly closed receptacles. The
communication was referred to the Health
Board.
Secretary I* M. King of the Merchants'
Association also addressed the Supervis
ors and said that the proposed "station"
would be of jrroat value.
A resolution was adopted to change the
date of the election for the issuance of
bonds for the acquir uon of the Geary
street car line. The date was changed
from September 22 to September 29.
GRAND JURY'S COMPLAINT.
Andrew Davis,, on behalf of the Empo
rium, addressed me board and admitted
that the proposed "station" would benefit
his business. •
The request of the Emporium Company
that it be granted permission to erect a
"public safety station" opposite its place
of business on Market street and present
the structure to the city went over for
two weeks.
WANT A SAFETY STATION.
United Railroads cf San Francisco, Cali
fornta-«treet Cable Railroad Company. Pre-
Kldio and Ferries Railroad Company. Spring
Valley Wattr Works, Visitation Water Works,
San Francttco Gat and Eiectnc Company. Pa
cific Ga> and Improvement Company, Kqultable
Gaslight Company, Independent Gas and Power
Company. Mutual Electric Lighting Company,
Standard lilectrlc Company, Independent
Electric Lieht and Power Company, Pacific
Power Company. Pacific States Telephone and
Telepraph Company, Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company and Sunset Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
The resolution •will be officially printed
and gpecial notifications of the same sent
to the following corporations:
The board adopted a resolution, present
ed by Supervisor Braunhart, to the effect
that the corporations operating public
utilities in the city be requested to offer
their properties for cale to the city and
to make said offers on July 16 at noon.
This resolution is in accordance with
section 2 of article 12 of the charter in
connection, with the proposed acquisition
of th« Geary street car line by the city.
The law provides that before submitting
propositions to the electors for the acqui
sition by original construction or con
demnation of public utilities the Board of
Supervisors must solicit and consider the
sale to the city of all existing public
utilities.
The Board of Supervisors met yesterday
afternoon and spent two hours in trans
acting business, the most important of
which was the reception of the annual re
port of Assessor Dodge.
An ordinance fixing the rate of taxation
was passed by the board, the rate of tax-'
ation upon each $10) of assessable prop
erty being one dollar seven cents and six
mills.
FIXES THE DATE
FOR ELECTION
Voters to D acids on the
Bond Issue Late in
September.
SACRAMENTO, July 6.-District Attor
r,«iy Arthur M. Seymour to-day notlfled
-j.11 manipulators of nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines in the county outside the limits
<?f the city of Sacramento that they must
close down their machines permanently,
or suffer prosecution under the State law
against banking and percentage games.
About a year ago the coin-paying ma
•Chines were closed in the city by Chief of
Police Sullivan under the same law. but
they were not Interfered with in the coun
try districts. The evil hap grown to be an
e-r.rrmc.us one in the small towns and the
District Attorney declares he is prepared
to enforce compliance with his ordera.
Sacramento Official Orders Cessation
of an Evil in the Country
Districts.
GOUNTY ATTORNEY WARS
ON THE SLOT MACHINES
THE ffAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1903.
Car Repairer Whose Little Girl Has Recently Met With Accident Bursts
Into Tears Asked Why He Cannot Save Money— Switchman at
Crossing Tells of Troublous Life, Spent Largely in Dodging Buggies
COMMISSIONER MURASKY TAKES MORE
TESTIMONY FOR ARBITRATION BOARD
7
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
B, KATSGHINSKI?]
$1.35 BUYS A KORKING^ I
' GOOD LACE SHOE. B
You can buy ehor-t In many stores, ft
but you can't get th« ume values at H
the i^r:t»-s that w«r ofif«r. Here is a r
tpeoal-^I^aiJiea' VUi KI4 Lace and I
Button >:.'.<». ftvi-m! ttylf-s bunched |
t<srether coin toe* and tlpa, turns and Lj
weirs. WILL BE SOLD AT $1.35 B
A PAIR. Regular prices f2 60 and M. Q
A wl»!e..!5 to 8 | D Tride..2^ to 4»4 f
n wlce..24 to S ! E «'lde..2H to 4^ K
C »-Sde..21a to 4 | EE wide.2% to 3h (5
B. KATSGHINSKI
. PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO- |
.10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. I
?sjozmzra cazj, btjujjiwo. g
THE CHfEF \
?Sa of our laundry work and system
is to please critical persons — the
knowing ones, who want their linen
immaculate in cleanliness and perfect
la finish.
A post card or t'lephone South
"20 makes it easy for you to ascer-
tain how well we accomplish our aim.
-ro Eaw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MAEKET STREET,
Near rowcJi.
r*nJ^' CUTLERY
AD VEBTIS EXTENT S.
• ¦¦ •' ' * ¦
Pears*
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears*.
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the living skin. It is •
Pears*.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears*.
Established over ioo years.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 4
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A gh 1061 KJLUXT ST. bit. 6:M7tk, S.r.W. i
\ Qr The t-*'C«t Aiutomicil Museum la the \
' A iiWTim World. weakneti«s or «a* contracted A
V Mean «?'»e».»«.»»"l*'** l /e"»'»<n»theoldeili
9 Igfil Specialist on the Co»«. Est 36 years. #
} Q*$*l DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ FlHAR Comuitation free and strictly prirate. \
A I jSwf m Truiment personally or by letter. A A
\ B W \l V f—M— O*r«laererycaseBndert«J[ci». \
API II A Wr >te *>' Book- HILOHOPIY »f A
¥ • M ¦•'. H* IIBRUGE, MAIUO MIH. (AT
i A 7L . Ttluable booh for n#B) -. \
9 DEJOBPA BT |B8 CC^ICW itofcit BfcjB. ff , F
. - - - ."*. . '~ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦• •¦¦-.:
NOTICE !
THOMAS F. WH1TSON. Any one knowing
his - whereabouts'- please . inform ARCIIIBALU
.H.-WHITSON. P. O. box 403. Lima, Peru. 8. A.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
WlBB§XfsW vblSc^^V u&fl >3 tit ¦ *^1 iSi fe% Pvl ray 1
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne tho signa-
ture of Ghas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
'* Just-as-good ' * are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children — Experience against experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Gastoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare*
goric, Drops and Soothing* Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its agre is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fcverishness. Jit cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You toe Always Bought
Bears tlio Signature of a g
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CINTAUR COMPANY. TT MUBHAV •TUlfT. NIWYOOK CITY.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND WEEK OF SUCCESS.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company.
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATINEE 8ATURDAT.
Clyde Fitch's Brilliant Play. .
"THE CLIMBERS"
NEXT UOSS&T, Plrat Tims Hext,
AMELIA BINGHAM
In Haddon Chambers' Powerful Play,
A MODERN MAGDALEN
Seats for Next Week Ready Thursday.
tiwm I ©per*
I I V V/L.I HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERT EVENING THIS
WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
WANG.
The great comic enera with Edwin Ste-
vens in the title role will be presented. The
last chance to see the blggtst hit of many
seasons.
THEN WATCH FOR THE COMINO OT
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
POPULAR PRICES 23c, 60c and T3o
Telephone Bosh 9.
Proprietor*.
Market St., near Eighth. Phono South 533.
, TO-NIGHT— AuTtHIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
The Universal Favorite.
JAMES CORRIQAN
In the Great Sensational Melodrama.
KIDNAPED
CCE The leap for lif* from Brooklyn Bridga.
JL.L, xhe thrilling conflagration scene.
DDIfpC Evenings 10c to Mo
IJUVEJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 23o
Monday. July 13— JAMES CORRIGAM la
"MULDOON'S PICNIC."
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the I*ate President
McKinley; Charles Dickson and
Company; The Great Harbecks;
Mosher, Houghton and Mosher;
Young and De Voie; Barney Pagan
and Henrietta Byron; Julian Rose;
The Wang Doodle Ccmedy Four
and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 60c.
GRANP8SSi£&
O3U.T MATINEE SATtTBDAT.
"FULL OF FUN FOK THE AUDIENCES"
—CALL.
SECOND WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— EVERT NIGHT— * : ;
SATKOKS AXnO CATESLT
And Our Superb Ea*t*rn Company in the Faicl-
nattnir Musical Eccentricity.
In Central I
Park I
POPULAR PRICES 23c. SOc and T8c
AT r A7 AD B«Uj>co & Maytr,
ALCAZAR aSTu.
Bus. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLT.
The Eminent Actor.
Mr- White Whittlesey,
In the Brilliant English Military Drama,
BROTHER OFFICERS
One of the Great New York Succeasea.
Superb Costumes! MagnWcent Scenery!
DDirPC EVENINGS 23c to T5o
mivLj MATS.. Thur». and 6at...l3o to 60s
MONDAY. JUZ.T 13. 38g$
MR. WHITE WHITTLESET
—IN—
"THE PRISONER OF ZENDA."
y^DEWEY.STRONS&CO.^gg^
{^PATENTSlJ
ADVERTISEMENTS.
puTtoT"
severe test
KOENIGSTEIN'C BED SALVE
CTJBES BLOOD POISONING.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 29, 1903.
Dr. G. Koenlgsteln, •
Dear Sir:— In the year 1898 I went to Alaska
and carried with me some of your Red Salve.
I can recommend It to all as the best salve
for burns, sored or blood poisoning, on the
market to-day.
I used it at Ketchikan. Alaska, to cure blood
poisoning on a man whose hands were poisoned
from cutting and salting salmon, and cured
him In a short time.
I take pleasure In recommending It to my
friends and to the public.
. J. C. CROOKS,
Deputy Clerk Supreme Court.
- Parrott Bulldlnjf.
Koenlgstein's Red Salve cures all skin com-
plaints. Union Drue Company's stores or La-
boratory KOENIOSTEIN MEDICAL CO.. 12M
KEARNY ST.. Room 22- ?*--.-. t
Coal Reduction
j 2000 Pounds
Put in Your Bin
AMERICAN CANNEL $10
SoM by All Rellabla Dealer*. u
Pahre I DONT FAIL T0
1 aiQW* see t he beautiful
t COURT Lounging-
/Sim room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
. c j PALM ROOM, the
(in] fit! LOUIS XV PAR-
uictiiu L0R and the LA _
U j I DIES' WRITING
j Hotels rqom
AMUSEMENTS.
I CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT,
Saturday Matinee, America's Greatest
Tragedienne,
MISS
NANCEjrNEIL
...MAG DA...
To-Morrow Night— "QUEEN ELIZA-
BETH" ; Thursday Xieht— "HEDDA GAB-
LER": Friday, Saturday and Sunday
NiKhts— "THE JEWESS."
Next— MISS O'NEIL. In "ROMEO AND
JULIET."
Coming — Neill-Morosco Company.
"Twlrly "Whlrly's" laat week, come again wa
, advise.
For the fun is so rich that the laughter ne'er
dies.
But we're working for you, and next week
when yon call.
You will say the result is th« best show of all.
*~^* §"7" /*> * w *^S
INO1A7
SALE (
Next Monday Night, Two Great Shows in
One — "Under the Red Globe." and "The Three
Musketeers" combined.
Reserved ' Seats — Nights, 25c. Stc and 75c.
Saturday and Sunday matinees. 25c and 60c.
Children at Matinees, 10c and 2->c.
Seventh and Market Sta.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Three Kuhns; Krafft and Daley;
Harry and George La Kola; George
W. Moore; George Clifton; Loa
Durbyelle; Marian George; Clinton
Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night, 25c. SOc, 15c, 10c; Matinees,
20c and 10c.
Phone for Seats — South 1022.
THE LUTZ BROTHERS and
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
. and Evening in the Theater.
SEE THE ' BOHEMIAN GLASSBLOWER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
— —VISIT THE
Pound and One=Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS
BABT- SEA LION. RECENTLT BORN AT
THE CHUTES. NOW ON EXHIBITION.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN, 6c. i
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
| C2^ er fe°£ cleanli=
9 .Xiiess— choicest
I materiais^seientiiie
1 brewing -and sixty
1 years or practical
I experience make
I wholesome, liealth 3
I ful, refreshing, m s
j yigorating— because
it's absolutely pure
\ Orders filled by
1 Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149.Cameras and Photographic Supplies,
Take a ca'mera when you go for a va
cation or on a picnic. You will never for
get the trip if you have good plates and
Kood films. All photographic supplies of
the best at Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market. •
SAN RAFAEL., July 6.— An autopsy
on the body of Colonel W. J. Best
of New York City, who died in
San Rafael April 6, will determine
whether Dr. John Donald Woods
and his sister, Alice Cloy Wood, will be
brought from the East to Marin County
for trial upon a charge of murder.
Colonel Best died at the home of these
pecple, and his son, Charles Sumner Best,
alleges that his death t>ccurred under sus
picious circumstances. He also makes af
fidavit charging- J. D. Woods and Alice
Cloy Wood with robbery, obtaining money
under false pretenses and forgery. The son
lias asked the District Attorney here to
have warrants Issued upon these charges.
His affidavit contains sensational allega
tions against the people in question. These
are set forth substantially in the follow
ing letter to the District Attorney, which
accompanied the affidavit:
NEW YORK. June 27. 190.1.
To the Honorable the 1'rcsc-cuting Attor
ney of Marin County, California — My t>ear Mr:
1 wish to place before you a very flagrant
case, and trust that the facts hereafter wt
torth may be duly eonpidened by you. the rep
.resentetive of the people of Marln County.
1 write you not only In my own behalf, but also
in behalf of my mother and other members of
our family, to Fay nothing of the public In
eeneral, many of whom have suffered ut the
DOG REVEALS PRESENCE
OF BODY OF AN INFANT
Charles Schwally Discovers Dead
Child Through the Peculiar
Actions of a Canine.
A bulldog was the medium of bringing
to light a most peculiar case last night
that may prove to be one of murder.
Charles Schwally, a bartender employed
in a saloon at 1<*53 Market street, while
walking through the yard in the rear of
the establishment, noticed a pet canine
suspiciously sniffing and tearing at what
appeared to be a bundle of newspapers.
Driving the dog away he investigated and
upon unwrapping the bundle found the
body of a recently born child. He imme
diately communicated the UiFCov^ry to
the Coroner's office and Depart
ment.
Deputy Coroner diaries Meehan and
Detective Harry Reynolds repaired to the
scene and upon investigation leatned
from George Wagner, residing at 10G5
Market street, that he haa seen a ¦woman
go upon the roof of a house adjoining the
ealoon property last evening. He was
positive that the woman went through
one of the windows of Mri. Dean's Turk
ish bath parlors. Owing to the darkness
he was unable to state whether she had
thrown a bupdle Into the yard below and
could give no description of her. ¦
Mrs. Louise Dean, who was slightly In
disposed, was found in her rooms in com
pany with a man. She denied knowing
anything about the. case, but upon being
interrogated at length by Detective Rey
nolds admitted that two women had
called upon her last evening. She was
unable to remember their names, but was
certain one was a married woman resid
ing on Geary street. To all other ques
tions her memory was a blank except
that the told one of the women to open
the window in question, but did not pee
her go out on the roof. \
The police are confident that she knows
the identity of the two women who called
upon her and she was taken into custody
and her name entered on the detinue
book. . 1
The body was found wrapped in a copy
of a newspaper. The skull appears to be
fractured, but beyond that the body is in
a fair state of preservation and at the
time of death the child was not ovsr 48
hours old. The police are actively work
ing on the case and expect to apprehend
the guilty persons.
BERLIN. July 6. — Emperor William began
his voyage" to Norway to-day on board the
imperial yacht Hohenzollem from Warne
rnulda. to which place be sailed this morning
aboard' the Meteor.
CHARGES FATHER WITH
J NEGLECT OF DAUGHTER
Warrant Out for the Arrest of George
Hubbard, Concert Hall
Manager.
' A warrant was secured from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest" of
George Hubbard, also known as George
Howard, manager of Kapp & Street's con
cert hall, on a charge of failure to pro-,
vide for his daughter, Fay T. Hubbard, 12
years of age.
The complaining witness in the case is
Otto Nolte, a Jeweler at 248 O'Farrell
street. He said that about a year ago
IJubbard's little girl met his own daugh
ter on the street and asked if her parents
would' take her to board. She said her
father would pay for her board and when
Nolte found who her father was he took
her to his home, where she has remained
since.
Nolte said he had made repeated de
mands upon Hubbard for payment for the
girl's board, but had failed to get a cent,
and he had placed the matter in the hands
of the California Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children. The efforts
of the society had met with no better suc
cess?, hence the warrant.
Alaska Appeal Decided.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals handed down an opinion yesterday
affirming the Judgment of the United
States T)Jstrict Court for the Second Di
vision of Alaska in the case of the Alaska
and Chicago Commercial Company vs. N.
B. Solner. The action was brought to set
aside certain conveyances of real estate
at Nome and for $15,000 damages and
costs. The District Court gave judgment
for Solner.
The death of John Walker, a hotel
keeper at 106 Steuart street,. was reported
to poroner Leland yesterday and an In
quest will be held.' Walker accidentally
broke his collar bone and dislocated his
shoulder on May 15. He was removed to
the German Hospital, where he died on
July 4. He was a' native of Germany, 74
years of ap»
A Fatal Fall.
ATLANTIC CITY. July 6.— Dr. John D.
Woods of San Rafael, Cal., In whose
house Colonel W. J. Best died recently
under strange circumstances, has been In
Atlantic City several weeks with his wife.
When asked this evening for a statement
In regard to the published charges, he
refused to talk, saying he ) thought It
would be better to remain silent and allow
them to go by default.
Dr. Woods- said that he was in the East
at the time of Colonel Best's death. He
believed that the trouble was due to a
fight of relatives over an estate left by
Colonel Best. He denied that he had in
troduced any woman as his sister.
"I have never been arrested In Atlantic
City on a charge of larceny," he declared.
When shown a statement from the magis
trate's office that a search warrant had
been Issued, he admitted that his baggage
had been Investigated by a constable. He
refused to comment upon this.
From the magistrate it was learned that
the search warrant named several articles
alleged to have been taken by Dr. Woods.
His satchel was identified by one of Col
onel Best's sons, but Mrs. -Woods declared
that the satchel had been given to her
by the dead man.
A note for $1000, which. Woods asserted
had been given them by Colonel Best and
which Mrs. Woods had rent to Sumner
Best in New York, was produced by Sum
ner Best in the presence of the pair and
declared a forgery. It was the evident
desire of Best to have Woods held on ac
count of the note, but the magistrate ex
pressed the opinion-that no warrant could
be issued when no attempt had been made
to collect the money.
Doctor Says He Wasn't Present When
Colonel Best Died.
WOODS MAKES DENIAL.
A resolution was adopted asking the
Mayor to recommend to the Supervisors
the passage of an ordinance giving the
board the power of appointing a cashier.
They then reappointed Murphy as clerk
for thirty days, Commissioner Watt vot
ing no, and Biedermann resumes his po
sition as repairer.
Fire Commissioner Parry received a re
buke at the hands of the Police and Fire
Commissioners, sitting as a Board of
Electricity, yesterday afternoon, when
that body disapproved his appointment of
Cornelius J. Murphy and Frank A. Bieder
mann as cashier and assistant cashier re
spectively of the electrical department,
and declared that he had no legal author
ity to make appointments.
Are Illegal.
They -Decide That Appointments of
Murphy and Biedermann
PARRY IS REBUKED
BY COMMISSIONERS
i Willian-i J. Best, deceased, father of the
writer, v.*-nt to San Rafael. Cal., from Denver,
Colo., leaving Denver on March 22. 1903, and
arriving in S-'an Rafael at the home of John
Donald Woods and Alice Cloy Wood. No. 71 H J
Fifth street, on the afternoon of March 25,
1903. He made this trip to close up a "deal"
which he had been negotiating with John Don
ald Woods and Alice Cloy Wood, the Intention
t-oing that they should accompany him to
Philadelphia, Pa., for the purpose of having
turned over to them certain securities and
moneys which they claimed were held by their
attorney and agent In Philadelphia, and which
they stated they wished to use in the deal
referred to rbove.
My father was a puest of John Donald
Woods and Alice Cloy Wood, who claimed to
be brother and slater. In their home during Ms
stay In !?an Rafael. Cal.. and while there on
April 1. lUtf!, he was taken suddenly ill and
died on the .rnorninir of Ai>rll 0, l!*03, at 3
o"clock a. m., the caufe being stated by Alice
Cloy Wood as apoplexy. I am advised by
thoroughly reliable perrons living in or near
San Kafaet that William J. Best, deceased.
was« in good htalth as late as 0 o'clock p. m.
on March 31, U«03, and he «o" stated In tele
grams to his wife and Hugh Mackay on that
date at S:.V» p. m. I have proof that he on
that afternoon nad in hi.« ooraepMon a large
sum of money, which, to the best of my
knowledge and belief, he carried with him to
the residence of John Donald Woods and Alice
SAYS COIN IS MISSING.
t'ands of the persons to be mentioned here J
after as Dr. John Donald Woods and Cloy
Wood. which names are believed by the
writer to be fictitious, th»ir real names being
unknown.
4 «
THE LATE COLONEL W. J. BEST. WHO DIED RECENTLY IN SAN RA
FAEL. AND WHOSE SON MAKES CHARGE OF MURDER AGAINST
PHYSICIAN WHO ATTENDED HIM.
One of the most substantial details ob
tained during the Investigation of the
case is the statement of Miss Minnie
Naghettl, who was a servant for the
Woods during their sojourn here. She in
formed Attorney Boyd that she saw Dr.
Woods give Colonel Best a hypodermic
Injection of something the day before he
died. Dr. W. F. Jones of this city, who
signed, the certificate of death declaring
that Best died of apoplexy, admitted to
Attorney Boyd that upon one occasion
he noticed Colonel Best was breathing
very hard and that his eyes were pecu
liarly dull, but at that time he was not
suspicious.
The son of Colonel Best, who now wants
Woods and his sister arrested, resides at
Grand View, Hudson. N. Y. He is secre
tary of the Alfred N. Best Company of
New York City.
In view of the above? and of the conflicting
• statements of Woods and Mrs. Wood, regard-
Ing their names, the death of relatives, and
their relationship, and other unexplained mis
statements, and of the fact that said John
Donald Woods, now claiming to be the hut
band of Alice Cloy Wood, . was engaged to be
married to a young woman In San Rafael,
Cal., when they were residing in that place,
und represented hlmrelf at that time as a
bachelor, and the brother of Alice Cloy Wood,
and of the further fact that they had in their
possession at Atlantic City, N. J.. stolen ar
ticlen, formerly the property of William J.
Best, deceased;' and that the writer and many
others familiar with the handwriting of the
raid William J. Best, deceased, are convinced
that the note upon which the *ald Alice Cloy
Wood endeavored to secure certain valuable
collateral, namely, five thousand shares ot
the stock of the Gordon Tiger Mining and Re
duction Company, Is a forgery: and of the final
and most Important fact that there are grave
reafon* to believe that my father, Wil
liam J. Best, mot his death by foul
means at the hands of John Donald Woods and
Alice Cloy Wood, or with their connivance,
I respectfully request that warrants be is
sued for the arrest of John Donald Woods and
Alice Cloy Wood, on the charge of grand lar
ceny, attempt to obtain money under false pre
tensre, and forgery, and that they be appre
hended bdI dealt with according to law, and
held peniir.R the result of an autopsy upon the
body of William J. Best, in Essex County,
New Jersey, that they may be forthcoming
to answer to the charge of murder should such
autopsy show caure for such action.
All the above charges are substantiated by
the accompanying affidavit, and are to the
brst of the writer's knowlpdge and belief. I
have Just heard from the Prosecuting Attorney
of Essex County. New Jrr?ey, that he cannot
take action in this case until advised by you,
so 1 presume the autopsy will have to be made
at our expense. It might be well for you to
communicate with Dr. W. J. Jones of San
R&fael who Issued the certificate of death,
as he could likely Rive valuable Information in
resard to this ca?e. 1 have writtrn him for a
statement of the facts, but there has not been
time for a reply.
Trusting that you will give this your Im
mediate attention, and awaiting your »nv|ce. 1
am very respectfully. C. SUMNER BEST.
There was no autopsy held after Colonel
Best died, and his body was embalmed
and shipped East, whert; It was buried on
April 24. District Attorney Thomas P.
Boyd has been making a thorough Inves
tigation of the circumstances surrounding
the death. He has ordered the body ex
humed at Morrlstown, N. J., and on au-
I topsy held to determine, if possible, the
! cause of death.
Cloy Wood, which moneys were n«:ver ac
counted for by th«m.
Charges Made by the Son of the Man Who Died Suddenly in San Rafael
Create a Sensation and Officers of the Law Are Now Busy Preparing
for Investigation— Dr. Woods Declares He Knows Nothing About Case
AUTOPSY IS ORDERED TO DETERMINE
CAUSE OF DEATH OF COLONEL BEST
THE SA^ FKAS CISCO CALL} TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1903.
8
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Was Always Very
Pale and Thin.
Nervous Prostration"
Faint Spells.
Dr. Miles' Nervine Saved
My Life. /
There is great danger in a run down con-
dition. Overwork, mental strain, the cares
and worries of business and the home, all
have a deleterious effect upon the nerves,
which in their devitalized condition readily
fall prey to the attacks of disease. Aside
from the danger there is no condition at-
tended by so many disagreeable symptoms;
such as loss of appetite, indigestion or nerv-
ous dyspepsia, headache, tired feeling and
loss of ambition together with the agony of
sleepless nights .spent in tossing restlessly
about, only to rise exhausted in the morning.
Dr. Miles Nervine is a tiue nerve tonic
which, by strengthening the nerves, restores
health and appetite and brings sweet sleep.
"For six years I suffered almost constantly
from a complication of troubles which culmi-
nated in complete nervous prostration. I
had no appetite, I could not sleep, I suffered
from indigestion and nervousness. As is so
often the case in nervous prostration I f re-
ouently had weak, fainting spells. Doctors
did not help me. They said my blood was
very poor, and I know my. face was always
very pale. /The very first bottle of Dr. Miles'
Nervine I took gave me noticeable relief and
F felt stronger- than I had in .' years. - My
neighbors in Puyallup, Wash., where. I then
lived will testify to this. I also used some of
Dr. Miles' Restorative Tonic and Anti-Pain
Pill*. I believe the Dr. Miles Remedies
saved my life."— Mrs. J. C. Benedict; Tuck-
er, Utah. »
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. . Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co., E Ikhart, Ind.
2JEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
THE PEOPLE ALL
In Chorus Cried. Give Us Newbro's
Herpicide
This word of late has been in every
one's mouth and many are wondering
what the word fiiimlfies, though no one
has yet been found who will deny that
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE does the work.
Well; for the information of thousands of
people who like to know all about a Rood
thing we would eay that HERPICIDE
means a destroyer or killer of "Herpes."
Now "Herpes" is the family name of a
disease caused by various vegetable par-
asites. A similar microbe causes dan-
druff, itchins scalp and falllncr hair: this
is the.microbe that NEWBRO'S HERPI-
CIDE promptly destroys.- after which the
hair grows. Sold : by leading druggists.
fVnd 10c in stamps for sample to The
Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich. . 1
Go to...
Paso Robles
Hot Springs
Ye Sufferer
From Rheumatism. Gout. Sdatio*.
Ftomach. Kidney or Liver Trouotes or
Nervous Prostration.
Ye Weary
From Overwork. MentaJ or Physic*!.
Ye Lover of Nature
For Outdoor Pleasures.
Ye Shall Find
What You Seek.
Spend. this year's vacation at beautiful Paso
Robles.
For terms and Information writ* to
W A. JUNKER. Lessee and Manager.
Paso Robles. Cal.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, (521 Market at..
San Francisco.
YOUR CITY ADDRESS
IS IN THE DIRECTORY
BUT THE ADDRESS OF YOUR
SUMMER RETREAT 13 IN
, " -'-7 " '. j." ' "' -P. .„ V. I
Sacation 1903"
ISSUED BY THE
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY
And which contains over a hundred
pages, giving full particulars !a regard
to mineral sprlns resorts, select camp-
ing spots, and country homes and
farms where summer boarders ara
laken. together with the terms, -which
range from $7.00 per week up.
To be had In response to a mat! request, or
at Ticket Offices, 650 Market street (Chronic:*
building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
street: General Office. Mutual Lifa BulMpi*.
corner Eanaome and California streets. San
Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, R. X KTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SAN LUIS ROT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
THE IDEAL SPOT OF THE PACIFIC
COAST. Surrounded by wocd-covered hll'a.
live oak and sycamore groves. Fishing. boat-
Ing, ocean beach on* mile. Hot sulphur baths
free to guests. Miraculous cures of rheuma-
tism, liver, kidney and womb troubles. Th*
greatest resort on the coast for health and
recreation. Rates S3 to $14 par week. Rcund
trip by rail or steamer at reduced rates. Ad-
dress San Luis Oblsco, Cal.
BOKTHBHOES JOCALOVIA "g 5
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families & parties; fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tele,
phone, JOS. F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin offic*
every Friday, 2 to * p. m., or So. bhor* R. IV. ¦
CIO Market st.
OWN A flOHE^t 17 - CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating, oath-
ing, tenting ground; Fawmlll, depot, store. P.
"O. Sausalito ferry. M. C. MEEKER. Cam?
Meeker. Sonoma County.
smcacxT hottsx,
Bollnas Rldce, Marln County, 1S00 feet abov»
sea level, refurnished and under new manage-
ment. Boarders any period. Parties and club*
catered for; S miles from Ross Valley: $1 50 re.
turn bv stag* from San Rafael. Terms. O.
CRANFIELP. ¦
WHITE SUX.P3TUU S?BCTO3-lIost
accessible springs to Saa Francisco. Round
trip ft. no stags fare. Only 2Vi hours" ride:
five miles from Vallejo. Hot, cold and plung*
sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatism,
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomach
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak* for boat-
Ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowling
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. $10 a w*ek an<l
cp. Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
WITTEB MUDICAi SFBX2TOS, Laka
Co., Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed tab!* and
best mineral water on earth; hotel open for
guemts the entire year; positively cures Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Uklab.
Addrets Witter Medical Springs Co., main of-
fice and water depot. 91S Market st.. S. F., or
R. McCormlck. witter Spring*. Lak* Co.. Cal.
TBT7CXXS BIVES COT7VTTVT CXUS
Bummer Resort and Sportsmen's Ludge. Third
Season opens June 1. Fishing Unexcelled; rain,
bow trout: hatchery enlarged. 3lerr* attrac-
tions. New management. MR. and MRS.
GEORGE H. FOULKS. 43 Nevada block.
S. F.. or Verdi. Xev.
THE GETS— SS — A first-class family
resort. Leon Coblent*. formerly with Mar-
chand's and Dclmonlco. has entire supervision
or th« cuisine and dining-room. Swtmmlng
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing; $10. til
and $14 per week. $2 50 per day. Information
Cal N. W. Ry.. CM) Mark-t-st.; also FABIUi
FERAUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Co.
"Xt-UBE- DEXX.*— The only lake re-
sort in i the State that has Its own mineral
springs and a chemically pure rprlag. Boating,
swimming, marine toboggan, new livery tally-
ho coach croquet, bowling, new walks and
drives. Pamphlets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery
st. E. DURNAN. proprietor. Laurel Dell. Lak*
County. |
7ESCASE3O.
Swanton House, under new management.-
popular botel of Saa Mateo Co. Commodtou*
cottages, beautiful grounds, farnouj pebbl*
beach, flanintr. hunting, sea bathing. Phon?.
Rates. $S and S1O per week. W. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor.
.BEAUTIPTJIt CAMP _4IE_Xs3\
grand family resort In the redwood mountain*
of Sonoma Co.: climate and water perfect,
over 100 cottages already butlt: lots for sale:
boating, bathing and other amusements; excel-
lent table: rates* $S per week: tak« Sausalito
ferry. Address H. M. GREGSON. Sol* Prop
KOTEXt LA EO3SA — Situated In ths
Redwoods. Good trout fishing. Telephone.
Booklet. MRS. I. J. SEARS. La Ucnda, Saa
Mateo County. CaL
PI2IE GEOTE HOTXXi — Sierra Re-
sort; alt. 3200 ft. : lst-class accom.; malaria St
asthma cured: phone: temperance hou«: Slit
wk. E.H.Moody. pro.. Gold Run.Placer Co..C«L
AMONG TILE PI2STES — Alt. 202< ft.
Wood's ranch: $G-$s week: posttlv* no con-
!t sumptlvts; write lor pamphlet. Robt. F.
Warham. Applegate. Placer County. Cat.
BSSOESH1UM — In the Santa Cruz red-
woods: $7 and *3 weekly. For circulars wri:»
Mrs. E W liken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Cm*.
LLOW RANCH— A charming spot la Iha
»? Santa Cruz redwoods: milk fruit, sprtn*
water, dally mat!: excellent table. ft» SO per
wk. MKS. W1L CRANDELL, Santa "Gnu. C*-
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, for
Uver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
enced in advising theicuse (free). BATHS ot
all kinds and masug.. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE
Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of interest, many ot which
can be made In one day. REGULATION
ALLEY, TENNIS, CROQUET. PING-PONG.
BHUFFLE - BOARD. FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA. DANCINO six
nights of the week. Beautiful walks and
drives.
Telephones, express and postofflce.
Hard-finished rooms; first-class table; electrto
liffhts.
Rates. $10 to (16 a week.
For booklet and other Information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery «t-.
"Travelers' Bureau." 630 M.irk-t St.. or address
CRAIG & KEKK.
Highland Springs. Lake Co.. CaL
1 YOSEMITE^s]
' | ROARING | **
|WATERFALLS|
In July will equal those of an ordinary June.
Good authorities say there are spots whert He
Cf> feet of snow still unmelted. Every tent was
crowded in June. There will be more room in
July and, besides, the water Is down enough
for trout to bite. You can eat trout often.
G/\mF> GURRY
IS THE F»L/\GE
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery street
(PECK'S BUREAU) or 641 Market street (THE
SANTA FE OFFICE).
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN jOSEZb CAI*
SWIMMING.
SOW LTXG.
AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs. Laics County, get
the crowd? Because it cures. It Is the beat
water, has the best climate and gives the best
service. Send for book of testimonials. Full-
particulars at Travelers' Information Bureau,
630 Market street, or by addressing
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive cur* for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage; $10 to $14 per week. Best trout fishing
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. S. P. of-
fice $8 For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 'Montgomery st., or address JOSHUA
SPIERS, Prop.; mall via Mlddletown.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of
Our potrons of last season say i "Tahoe
Tavern is the equal o* any summer resort
hotel in the world,*.*
and that Lake Tahoe haa no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. 'Rates
from J3.50 per day upward. For particulars-
or reservation of rooms address Taho« Tavern.
Tahoe City. Cal.
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
• THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. MANN, €13
MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO. '
i HOTEL DEL CAZADEBO
-ANT*
ELIM GROVE HOTEL.
Under a new and progressive management.
Everything renovated Inside and out. Good
hunting fishing, bathing, boating, dancing.
N«w stables and first-class meals. No stag-
lag. Depot on the ground.
Take Sausalito Ferry. Round-trip tickets.
good for six months. $3 73. Rates. ISpfrtoy,
$10. $12 and Mi per week. J. J. THIRION,
Proprietor. Cazadero. Sonoma County.
JOHANN.SBERC
Hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy dta-
Ing-room; exhilarating air; bunting, fishing,
swimming, boating: rates »10 and $12. THEO.
BLANCKENBERG JR.. Prop.. OakvUle. Napa
Co.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
RUBICON 3PAK.IC
Dellghttul summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing;
bring suits. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; J14 and
$16 per week. Postofflce, tel. A. 1* FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Ukiah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, chnmpagne baths. Only place
in the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table first
class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
MONTRIO HOTEL
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove":
new management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, fishing, boating: fresn
milk, cream and beat of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, • Hanager. Montrlo. Cal.
NORTH f On Tomales Bay. near depot, a
")ni« hotel. ¦¦¦ Good table. Placo
SHORE ( for Tomales Bay Clams. Fresh
HAT|:I > milk. $1 50 per day. ?» per week.
HOlfcL \ Mr8 . Shields. Marshall. Marln Co.
HOWELL WIT. VVOODWORTK'S.
High altitude. No fog. - Purest spring water.
Climate natural tonic and lnv.gorator. Resi-
dence 28 years. $7 per week. Address WOOD-
WORTH & MULLER. St. Helena. CaL
Auburn, Placer Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort in the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet.' Electric bells. ,- Electric lights.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN & WALSH. Proprietors.
X.OTU3 TASM SUHMEB EESOBT— S&
miles from Napa, ;n me redwoods. Natural
lake, boat riding, fishing, tine drives, hunting.
Terms. (3 and up per week; children under li
$5 per week. Carriage to or irom Napa, 73c.
J. TEPLY. Prop.. . Naoa. Cal.: P. O. box 121X
ELITE . KOT2L, Sonoma, . Cal. — Peter
GOUAILHARDON.V Prop. Newly renovate.i
and now • open for summer guest*. Rate* rea-
sonable. >' V
Known everywhere as the largest and
most choice mountain resort In the Pa-
cific States: located in the scenic moun-
tain region of Lake County; elevation.
2375 feet.
All kinds of amusements to occupy your
mind and the wonderful L'artlett Water
to repair your body; cool nights. The
climate Is the best in the world for health
and there are no mosqultces pr fleas.
Mineral, tub, steam and massage baths;
large swimming tank.
Plenty of fine trout streams for the
sportsman.
Two routes: Via Southern Pacific or the
California and Northwestern.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, BARTLETT
SPRINGS. LAKE CO., CAL., or apply
to Water Office, 2 Sutter street, San Fran-
cisco.
Pamphlet mailed free.
napa Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,] Cal, |
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains daily, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
Santa Catata Island
3U Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 'Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES, BOATING. BATHING.
FISHING, GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment, in Shady
. . , Grove.
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments, Always Open.
Reservations- Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU.* 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
•¦•¦- SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only KOlf links in' California with full
18-hole course equipped with perennial turf
greens. This course is provided exclusively for
the guests o f the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates, $3 50 per day and up.
Special rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS, Mgr.
La Moine
lHrst-class betel on SHASTA ROUTE: re-
centlj eniuiefd, furnishing modern ncroinrrc-
dations. including electric UrI-.w. Hest FI8H-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento Riv-
er. Finest scenery In the world. Two trains
daily to and from San Francisco. Go to fleep
in Oakland. and wake up at La Moin*. and
vice versa. Terms reasonable. . Addre*s all
communications to CLIFFORD COGGINS,
Mgr.. La Molne. Cal.
gLUE
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stbmach allmenu. Plenty of
boating, - bathing, fishing and hunting. New
cottages. Tftnnta court, regulation size. Bend
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlake
P. • O.. Lake County. Cal.
.../CTNA SPRINGS...
Spend the balance of your summer vacation
at Aetna Springs, California's greatest family
resort. Its wonderful health-restoring waters
are world-famous. Charming cottage life with
first-class table service. Swimming, bowling.
t'-nnip. driving, riding, etc. Prices to suit
everybody. Round-trip rate from San Fran-
cisco *7. Send ¦ for pamphlet.
AETNA SPRINGS COMPAZTT,
Aetna Spring's, 2Tapa Co., Cal.
Gilrpy Hot Springs
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for ' rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble, . Trained masseur. Long distance
phone. . Trains from Third and Townsend at 9
a. m. and 2 p. m. Write for pamphlets.
;Tff « R. ROBERTSON.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New, modern 80- room hotel; Ross Valley;
first-class every par. ; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10, 11, 2
trains Kent sta. MR. & MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marln Co.
La Honda and Pescadsro
Buy. your railroad ticket to Redwood City.
9 a. m. train from Third and Townsend sts.
and 8:20 a m. train from San Jose; connect
with stage direct. . Address WALTER
KNIGHT. Redwood City. _^_
CRAG VIEW.
Beautiful resort In Shasta Region. Excel-
lent board. (12; tenting, $4 per week.
H. O. WICKES. Prop.
Caatella, Shasta Co.. Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
j SANTA CRTJK II3UHTAIKS. -
Now open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau,
U Montgomery St., or 8. P. Co., 613 Market st.
B. DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
SUMMIT HOTEL ~
And cottages, Santa CruzMts., \(, mile from
-Wrights; new. management ; fruit,' milk, cream:
$S, $10. $12 week. Information 11 Montgomery
St.. S. F.. or Summit Hotel, Wrights,. Cal. .
KL AM ATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK." SISKITOU CO.. CAL.
Finest - fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. 6cn J for booklet.
EDSON - BROS.. Proprietors.
OCEAN, VILLA.
• SANTA CRUZ. , ~\
• Large grounds. Boating and bathing free.
Dancing., billiards. Free bus. R. M. CLARK.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM SA1 CA '£ SE -
Hydrotherapy, v electricity,' X-ray, mautge, etc.
Modern. ' Ideally located. Send ' for literature.
' J|CARTEis|
SICK HiAOAOHE
Positively cored by these
lAUle PiUs.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
¦ /.* 15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 26th.
THERE AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 9O-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
S&NTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
PERFECT
Tooth Powdos*
TJsed by people of refinement
Tor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
ft IS M A/1A H °T SPRINGS. SONOMA
SK UHNS COUNTY: only 4% hours
UA/ll/VU from San FranclRco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating a*nd
swimming: In Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: rms-T-CLASS HOTEL, AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 SO. Take
Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. in. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or ?12 a week. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1001! unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. ; also at
Traveler office, «;30 Market et.. or of J. F.
Mi;i>GRK\V. Skaggs, Cal.
AGIA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
' Open all year round. The nearest natural
Hot Sulphur Springs to San Francisco.
Temperature 115 degrees. No staging. Far^
$1 10. Sure cure for rheumatism, asthma and
all kindred ailments. We have five different
hot sulphur springs ami tub and plunge baths
and the largest mineral! water swimming tank
in the State. Competent lady and gentleman
masseurs In attendance; also awlmmlntr in-
structor. Table and rooms first class. Inquire
Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., or address Theo.
Richards. Agua Callente, Sonoma County. Cal.
CAMP VACATION.
A botel under canvas. Situated near'Guerne-
ville, with a mile and a half frontage on the
Ruzslan River. Tents In a beautiful grove of
! redwood, oak, madrone, • laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 1&0 acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing. - Term* $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco, $2 CO.
Take boat at Tiburon ferry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle, Sonoma County. Cal.
Hotel Rowardennan.
BEN LOMOND, SANTA CRUZ COUNTT,
ALWAYS OPEN.
¦ Regular season opens June 1, under entirely
new and progressive management. For lnfor-
! mat Ion and free booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
! 11 Montgomery street; the Railway Handbook,
C20 Market street.San Francisco, or to
H. F. ANDERSON. Proprietor. '
A. C. ROSCOE, Manager.
lIOTmT-XXH VIEW EAKCH HOTX3J I
! And cottages In heart of mountains, near
Santa Cruz. Our table is our recommendation;
lst-class accom.; new lmpvts.: gas through-
out; terms. $8 up; phone, swimralnsr tank,
amusements, croquet, bowling alley, dally
mail; campers' tickets to Glenwood, Inc. stage.
$3 75 round trio. .
FRANK R. DANN. Santa Crut.
Seigler Hot Springs. '
Natural hot baths., wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery: $0 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St.,
or H. H. McQOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.. Cal.
* Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3S55 feet; open all
year. Headquarters Mount Shasta rlimbera;
plentiful table; fine fishing and drives. Par-
ticulars Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery. S. F.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hairs' rail to. Boca; stage forspnngs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from' city; round trip. In-
cluding stage. $14 00. good for season. Rates.
$10 per week.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
¦ Two miles from Hopland. Mendoclno County.
Unsurpassed- mineral waters; fine -hotel and
first-class table. Rates $10 to $12. Furnished
housekeeping cottages. J. 8. HOWELL, Pro-
prietor.
. BONNIE NOOK
. Alt. .4000 ft.; halt mi. Bta.; cottages, tents,
boating,' bowling,- elect, lights. U. D. WIARD,
Towle. Placer County. Cal. ' " _ .vy -
IIFFR PADIT INM and cottages; ti mi. from
VECn I AH ft Inn Lake. Tahoe: open -June
1; elev. 6507 ft. ; mineral spgs. Traveler, 630
Mkt St.; booklet. , J. » B. ¦ Soatt. Deer Park. Cal.
Pi fit P STARF PC ' Dklan * TourtsU. camp-
EAULC 01 ADLCO e rs, hunters. Writ, to H.
i. pm.«) »„„.„ <„, -nv kind at turnout.RUINS OF THE ARCATA
MOUSE, AND SOME OF THE
BRAVE LIFE-SAVERS.
Pension Board Retires Officers.
The Police Commissioners, sitting as a
Pension Board yesterday afternoon, re
tired Detective Sergeant Thomas Dillon
and Sergeant G. B. Griffiths from active
duty. Corporal Thomas Boland, who has
long filled the position 1 of assistant hack
inspector, will undoubtedly be retired at
tho nfeeting of the board to-night. The
vacancy in the detective department has
already been filled by the appointment of
"William Armstrong, and Edward Ward
and Phillip Fraher, who are on the civil
service list of ellglbles, 'will be chosen to
fill the vacancies in the rank of corporal.
Hazen S. Dearborn will also be retired at
the meeting this evening.
Donahue Case Is Postponed.
The hearing of the petition of the Bar
oness von Schroeder for letters of guar
dianship over the person and estate of
her cousin, Peter James Donahue, '<". was
postponed yesterday morning in Judge
Sloss' court. A clerk from Attor
ney McEnerney'a offlco asked | that the
matter go over a week and, there being
no objection, the court made' the order.
Attorneys Galpin and Bolton will repre
sent Peter James Donahue.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed July e— Schr Annie M
Campbell, for San Pedro. ; .
Arrived - July <> — Bcbr Alcalde, hence Jne 25.
TATOOSH— Passed In July 6— Ship Hecla,
from Honolulu, tor Port Townsend, ¦
OAKLAND, July 6.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: John Kraft, over 21, arid
May Naismlth. over 18, both of Oakland;
John T>. Souther, 25, Newman, and Lbske
M. Lillard, 23, Vallejo; John Hoffman,
over 21, San Francisco, and Krin O'Con
nor, over 18, Oakland; Carl O. Johnson,
21. and Olga L-indstrom, 18, both of Berke
ley; William II. Alexander, 25, Berkeley,
and Marion W. Kirby, 20. Oakland; Wil
liam J. M. Dennis, over 21, San Francis
co, and Klsie M. HortOn, over. 18, Liver
more: John C. McLcod, over 21, and Mar
garet I. Brown, over 18, both of Oakland;
Adolph Pederson, 29, and Hedvle Ingel
brightsen, 23, both of Oakland; Charles
M. Kurtz, over 21, Ogden, and Mary C.
Vernon,.over 18, Oakland.'
Marriage Licenses.
Captured the Town./
Yesterday, Kelly & Liebes, the first day
of their great removal .sale, really cap
tured the-town. All day the store was
crowded with buyers, but it is no wonder
when the stock is nearly given ', away.
$75,000 .worth must.be sold and it will bo
sold before they occupy the new store. •
Birmingham's sewage-works are " tho
largest in tho world, after those of Paris
and Berlin. • -'.; . •
Falls From an Open Window.
beorge Beattie. who resides at 512
Fourth street, fell from his bedroom win
dow early yesterday morning while walk-
Ing In his sleep. He waa picked up In an
unconscious condition and removed to tho
Central Emergency Hospital, wherft It
was found he was suffering from -a
sprained back, contused and abrased
wounds of the head, face ana arms and
possible Internal injuries.
Arm Mangled in Woolen Carder.
Barbara Stoker, 19 years of age, who is
employed in the Golden Gate Woolen
Mills at Nineteenth and Bryant streets,
had her right arm" badly mangled in a
woolen carder yesterday. The accident
occurred while the young, woman was In
the act of feeding wool into the machine.
She was removed to the City and County
Hospital for treatment and later to her
home at 1022 Hampshire street.
Child Injured by Fall.
Hazel Tyson, .the 3-year-old daughter of
Charles H. Tyson, a hoseman in the city
Fire Department and residing at 5a Tre
mont avenue, had the bone of her right
thigh badly fractured yesterday while
playing in Golden Gate Parli. The acci
dent was caused by the child falling from
one of the swings in the children's play
ground. The child . was removed, to the
Park Emergency Hospital , for, treatment.
• CAIRO, Ej?ypt. July «.— The "Assouan reser
voir has ./been emptied of its winter's store
of .water for the first time. The results are
most satisfactory.' The . area of cotton is
largely Increased and the success of fhe'uunl
mer crops Is ancured In the entire area trib
utary tg' the dam.
Crowds of the curious hung: about the
scene to-day wondering whether bodies
of unfortunate . victims were, buried be
neath the debris, blackened timbers and
charred remains of the structure. Noth
ing was done by Chief Ball toward dig
ging Into. the ruins after he had been In
formed by Mrs. Evans that all her room
ers were safe. ¦" .- .
Individual losers by the fire started on
their own account to search for theif val
uables. First on the scene was Ljubro
bratich, the restaurant man, who took a
fore© of men into the lot and aftej locat
ing his safe dug it out and had the warped
steel door cut open.
The contents of the etrong-box, include
It wag during the firemen's fight against
the flames on the north side that Parker,
Sieotte and Barr were caught. They had
led In a stream through C. W. Kohl's'sa
loon to attack the tiro and to make an
effort to check its epread through the
wooden block adjoining, when the srash
of burning timbers caught them.
NO SEARCH FOR BODIES.
GIVES THE ALARM,
As soon as he saw the flames he rushed
Into the restaurant closed the safe and
then rushed upstairs, giving the alarm
Grease-soaked and old. the frame struct
ure was in a mass of flames, the rear
being all afire from basement to roof in
an incredibly short time. It was unfor
tunate that tho fire should have started
while the centrally located apparatus was
busy at the Webpter-stre- 1 fire. Only
seventeen minutes elapsed between the
time the first alarm for the Webster-street
fire was sounded and the sending In of
the first box for the Arcata House.
Engine No. 1 and Hose No. L whose
house Is on Fifteenth street, not one hun
dred feet from the scene of the Arcata
House fire, were at Webster street, as
also was Chemical Company No. J, which
Is located on Thirteenth and Webster
ftreets, three blocks distant. When box
5€, San Pablo avenue and Sixteenth street,
was turned In from the fire department
quarters the nearest apparatus was En
gine 5. at Market and Milton streets, and
Engine 3, Truck 3 and Hose 3, at Eighth
and Willow streets. These responded, but
by the time they could get to work the
lodging-house was all in' flames. Chief
Ball sounded a general alarm as soon as
he arrived from the Webster-street fire
that brought out the entire department
except one chemical engine in East Oak
land and an engine he left ' at Webster
and Second streets to handle that fire. It
was excellent work on the part of the
department that saved the long row of
one-story buildings on San Pablo avenue
north of the Arcata House from destruc
tion and kept the threatening flames from
Ewceping the entire block in that direc
tion.
There is much speculation concerning
the cause of the fire. Chief Ball is in
vestigating, and Chief of Police Hodgkins
has detailed Detectives Quigley and Hol
land to round up the facts concerning the
outbreak. Evidence appears to point to
the rear of the San Pablo Avenue restau
rant, situated on the street floor of the
Arcata House, as the scene of the out
burst. Michael Ljubrobratich, the pro
prietor, was away when the fire broke'
out. having been attracted by the flames
of the fire on lower Webster street. The
rfstaurateur was standing at Eleventh
street and Broadway when his place
blazed up, and the cook, Louis LJubro
l.ratich, was at the restaurant door. Ac
cording to the cook's 5tory, as related to
Detectives Holland and Quigley, he saw
liames suddenly break out in the back
part of the restaurant.
Kcv. J. \v. Phillips, formerly pastor of
the Second Congregational Church, will
officiate. The services will be under the
direction of the Oakland Fire Department.
Chief Ball has ordered a large delegation
from the department to act as escort.
Interment will be in Mountain View Cem
etery.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Congressman Victor II
Metealf left Oakland with his family to-day
for a trip to the country, where he will spend
several week*.
ProfeFsor Benjamin P Bourland of th« West
ern Reserv* University and a member of the
•ummer school faotulty will lecture to-mor
row evening In the Philosophy building on
'.The Cld In Spanish Literature."
Mr and Mrs. Harry A. Cramer celebrated
the twenty-fifth anlversary of their wedding
Friday June 2rt. at their home at Fltchburs:.
It was an afternoon affair that was attended
by fifty of their friends, who brought with
them many silver presents. Luncheon was
spread for the guests on the. lawn fronting the
Cramer home and afterward, by way»of dlver
elon. host and hoMfss were remarried under
a great floral bell hanging from the. center of
a summer-house. Among th«* guests were
Park Commissioner and Mrs. Van der N'aillrn
of San Francisco. Anthony fJallndo. Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Field. L,ucitl«> Field. Rose FVId,
Clara Field. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Nye and Mr.
and Mrs. William Shackelton.
BERKELEY, July 6— Lloyd WombI?. who
won fame as *nd ru!>h and captain of the foot
ball team, has accepted a position as assist
ant manager of a mine near Ladysmlth, South
Africa, and will leave soon for that place.
Womble'B Impetuosity on the football field won
for him the name of "Wreck." He .was caj>
taln of the 1901 team when It plied up a score
of 22 to O aralnet Stanford.
The second university meeting for the Bum
mer school will he held Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock In Hearst Hall. The speakers will
be two Eastern members of the faculty — Pro
fessor Oeorge Rice Carpenter of Columbia and
Profpseor Albert B. Hart of Chicago.
Professor W. J. V. Oterhout will lead a
»walk about the campus to-morrow afternoon,
when observations will be made In nature
studv Th«> party will start from the Botany
building:.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Neither Chief
of Police Hodgkins nor Chief of
the Fire Department N. A. Ball
believes any life was lost in the
Arcata House fire Sunday morn
'•ing other than that of Fireman Frank
Parker. While rumors and reports have
' been circulating about other casualties
Mrs. M. M. Evans, landlady of the burned
. # lodg».ng-house. to-day positively declared
she liad in person accounted for
\tfmT7 one of her roomers and had seen
. -each of them subsequent to the fire.
._ I In order to allay fears that had arisen
rdncerning the safety of the Arcata
•Ueuse occupants Mrs. Evans made it her
' tusiness to go to the officials of the po
' lice and fire departments this morning
and c!ear up the situation. There were
thirty-one people in t):e housr, and every
''one bf them got out safeiy according to
. Xrs. .JSvarif.
. Atr. and Mrs. \V. J. Winner, Arcata
'.iJcuse lodgers, reported by Mrs. Emma
; }{. : -Biltt as missing, arrived safely this
¦ i^piing 9 at Mrs. Bilu's residence, S211
. > % :se street, Berkeley. The Winners cs
•cajjed from the third etory and were
.jcafr-d /or by friends.
' ' 7oo much credit cannot be given to Pa
jrolmen Herbert B. Henderson. Lee E.
•-5r.4rewi=, James Smith and Captain of
F'.iie* Walter J. Petersen for their work
<u the outbreak of the disastrous flames.
ElendenOn and Andrews worked through
t».e lodging-house arousing sleepers until
. both men were choked with heat and
j=rooke and ur.ablo to move. Henderson
-v.er.t through (he fiarnes and thick smoke,
"crawling to the top floor of the house,
arousing the inmates and making sure
:h&\ no human being was left in the
; lace. Andrews, Smith and Captain
IWer.een were equally In evidence during
the fire.
¦ PREVENT FATALITIES.
To their cool-headed, well-directed ef
fortMs due in groat measure the absence
of ahcrrible list of fatalities.
Landlady Evans was burned on the
face, and hut for Policeman James Smith
would have been severely injured, for
'*!-e insisted and fought with the patrol
jnan to get bark into the building. Smith
forcibly dragged the excited woman away
and kept her out of the flames' reach.
She lost everything f=he had, her small
ctore of money going irtto the ruins.
The condition of A. A. Sicotf, assistant
far^man of Engine Company No. 3, and
Extraman D. J. Barr of the same com
fmnyi who were burned by the falling
timbers that killed Fireman Parker, was
prratly Improved to-day. Barr escaped
miraculously from serious Injury and he
was out to-day. Slcotte, who was more
Veverely burned and bruised, will be on
his feet in a day or so.
Pirker'e funeral will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the residence,
1270 Eighth Ejrect. hi* relatives' home. The
UNIVERSI TY EVENTS
Benefits for the families of the dead
fireman and of hi3 less unfortunate com
rades will be held Wednesday afternoon
and evening at Peck's Theater and on
Thursday afternoon and evening at the
Novelty. The Street Fair Association has
been compelled to abandon its plan to
keep the-fair. open, two days for the. fire
men's fund because of the dismantled con
dition of the grounds.
This work was done under the eye of
Police Detectives Quigley and Holland
and Captain of Police Wilson.
Ljubrobratich had been ordered to va
cate the burning building on July l t but
he pleaded with Woodward, Watson &
Co., the agents, to be allowed to remain
until after the Fourth of July. They
granted the request. The restaurant man
carried $1000 to $1500 insurance. There
was $1000 on Mrs. Evans' furniture.
J^S $160 In coin and greenbacks, private
papers and some jewelry, were found un
injured save for the damage done by the
heat to a watch.
Lia was taken out of. the "tanks" last
night and charged with malicious mischief
and discharging firearms within the city
limits. The case will come up in the Po
lice Court to-day. If the hearing war
rants, a charge of assault to murder will
be placed against his name..
Detectives Bunner and Reilly, who have
been working on the case, are Inclined to
believe that the shots were deliberately
fired at Mrs. Romani. She was seated at
a window in the lower Sat when the first
bullet crashed through it, close to her
head, and when sM ran upstairs to look
out of the window to see who had fired
the shot two other bullets crashed
through the window. •'' \
Italian Fisherman Arrested for
Shooting at Mrs. Romani Says
He Was Celebrating.
I«uigi IAh, the Italian fisherman, living
at 23 Janson street, who was suspected of
having tired three shots from a rifle Sat
urday nijrht at Mrs. L.. Romani of Sll
Montgomery avenue, wife of thf» proprie
tor of a restaurant, while she was seated
at a window, was surrendered to the po
lice yesterday by Attorney Glover.
Ho denies that he fired the shots at Mrs.
Romani. He says he had been drinking;
and as he wanted to celebrate Indepen
dence day. he took his rifle and tired three
shots at the fence separating his yard
from the yard of Mrs. Romani's resi
dence. Ho had never spoken to Mrs. Ro
mani and had no reason for desiring to
kill her. He also denies that he had been
guilty of insulting conduct toward Mrs.
Romani. fc
I would far rather be a sinner und b<? sin
cere than a dinner whose sfn has not been
found out; for the only sin I know of Is the
thought of sin, and therefore I deny it that
it Is a sin to do that which I may desire to
do. which hurts no self or thing. If I let every
other entity than mine alone I will be at peace
with all the world.
LIA CLAIMS HE DID NOT
INTEND TO MURDER HER
In "my play. "The Unmasking," I
have striven to depict society, according to
the present impossible and Imperious criterion
of morality, as that delflcally magnanimous
man of Nazareth declared: "Whoso is without
sin among you, let him cast the first stone."
As for myself, I feel quite safe within my
house of glass; there Is not one to cast a stone.
I have striven to depict the comparative In
consequence of sin and the lncomparabla con
sequentlallty of forgiveness.
The drama is not a thing or froth. It Is
an art of fact as vitalized as life. The world
need* men. And I still believe that the world
wants men who are intensely In earnest. In
tensity of purpose is a synonym of %uccess..
Flippancy Is cue for failure. Modesty cannot
keep me from saying that I am proud of my
sincerity. I am sincerely in earnest In my
profession. I am possibly more interested la
dramatic construction than In dramatic ex
pression. I am an advocate of the play with
a purpose — the problem play. Mediocrity ta
boos sociology in the drama; It praises the
pretty— -I do not.
SINCERITY OF PURPOSE.
Immortals, while the names of the players of
Aeschylus are unwritten, and. If written, are
erased by the wear, of the ages upon the pages
of histrionic history. Nor can the player ever
claim a ri;:ht to live until the drama shall
become essentially identified with a .moral
motif: then shall immortality be the players'
epilogue.
The Bard of Avon has written the poem, of
the play and only the pessimist- deems the mute
of genius d«ad. Shakespeare, Lytton, Goethe
shall live again. Hallock, Garrlck. Keane
shall turns surpassing understudies. The ma»K
shall play Its part in the drama of the world
with the cross, the sword, the beacon and tha
scepter. The drama U not demoralized: It Is
too juvenile to judge. Its childish pranks and
lapses from dignity will be cut out when Its
make-up of character Is on.
Such masterpieces as "The Second Mr!.
Tanqueray," "Iris." "The Joy of Living" and
"The Climbers" and "Ghosts" are as potent
sermons as ever foil from the lips of tee dom
inie. Thus the might of Melpomene has not
been guessed. She shall become a handmaid of
the God of gods, the ministering angel of the
sorrowing and the cherubim of joy.
FORMER OAKLAND MINISTER,
WHO IS NOW A FULL
FLEDGED ACTOR.
The Supervisors, after nearinjr the
reading of the Assessor's Mter, 'decided
to take "up the matter of. the assessment
on. Tuesday evening, July,14, at 8 o'clock,
and to sit at that time as a board of
equalization. : .;
In conclusion. I desire to express my grati
fication at the peaceful relations now existing
between this deoartment and the city's largest
taxpayers— notably. ~ our quasi-public cor
porations. Peace has been secured during the
past year with the last contestant, and taxes
will now be paid without lltlrattun or pro
test and without the. city havlne lost any of
the rights for which we have contended. Such
relations, when possible, between a municipal
ity and aggregate capital, without' n sacrifice
of the rights'of either, are most desirable and
beneficial. Very respectfully yours,
WASHINGTON IJODGE, Assessor.
In addition to the assessment of property,
this office has. during the- past ninety days,
collected and turned In la the eitv treasury,
an tar."! 1 on unsecured personal property, the.
sum of $G8:».0C0. s
Th* collections to date of roll taxes for this
year amount to $107,532. This Is tfie largest
sum ever collated from this sourre and will
enrich the city treasury to the amount of
$16,130;' this J"im being the. fees f»l lowed by
the .State for collection and formerly enjoyed
by the Assessor.
LARGE SUMS COLLECTED.
During tho first years 'of my term out-lying
roal estate and that in certain sections, which
had been previously over-assessed; together
with such real estate as had actually dspre
ciated in value,' was reduced In. th« aggregate
ever ?R.6OO,00*>. This makes the total reduc
tions In the assessment roll granted during
five years on over-assessed property $22,000.
000. This large reduction lias b'.on over
come by the Increases made In the assessment
of real estate in favored sections, and by the
assessment of newly constructed buildings.
Notwithstanding these largp reductions,
amounting, as stated, to $22,000,000, the as
sessment roll has been increased during my
term $74.OOl>,O<x>. This has Increased the rev
enue of the city $740.<XX> a ypar. and assisted
in F»>curing for San Francisco the lowest tax
rate of any large city in the United States.
The greater I>»rt of t»io $74,«X1O.<*'mi added to
th<» roll r<*prpsentis i«»rsonal property, which
had previously escaped imseysment. There is
thus produced « large extra revenue- for the
city without an increase of the burden of tax
ation to the many. For six years prior to my
Incumbency of this office, thp personal prop
erty assessment of this city showed practically
no Increase. During those six years It aver
aged $70,»>OO,0nO: to-day It Is $l27,2!>l».r.60. giv
ing our city a leading position amung Amer
ican cities In th« parentage of personal prop
erty assessed, as compared with that of real
estate. . . ¦
AN INCREASE .OF REVENUE.
As this report is the last to be made by me
during my terra of office, and as the assess
ment of this year' marks the completion of a
vast amount of revisionary work undertaken
by me three years ago, 1 beg leave at this
.time to give a brief eummary of the changes
made In the city's assessment. t?oon after
assuming this office it was discovered that
there existed the sross^st inequality In \ the
assessment of buiidinge; many old buildings,
especially dwellings, being assessed in excess
of their full cash value. A complete revision
of the assessment of all such property was
therefore undertaken. This work has taken
four years to complete, as every building in
this city has been inspected and revalued.
The. neca««ity "for such -a .revaluation, is shown
by the amount of Hike • reductions wbtch';were
found to be warranted^ * THeSe reductions' in
the assessed valuation of dwellings have in
three years amounted In ; the aggiegate. to
$1. "1.500, 0»X>, and such reductions have been
granted o.n over 25.000.buildlng?.u. . .;¦•»,
CHANGES IN ASSESSMENT.
To commemorate the twenty-seventh
anniversary of their victory at the Cen
tennial world's shooting contest in lSTS,
tho four surviving members of the cham
pion team from the California Schuetzen
Club held a reunion anil banquet last
night at a downtown report. The old
marksmen who gathered to recall the
days of their triumphs were Philo Jacoby,
A. Strecker, A. Rahwyler and William
Ehrenpfort, G. L. Mayerhofer and G. B.
Faktor being the guests of honor.
These surviving mark3men, together
with three who have since passed away,
composed thp. team from the California
Schuetzen Club, then In its infancy,
which surprised all of the world's best
marksmen at the Philadelphia Exposition
by carrying off-the honors In the interna
tional target Hhooting by the score of 68
rings, thereby winning (he championship
cup, which has since remained in the pos
session of the local club.
At the banquet last night the memories
of the old times were refreshed by the
presence of the original. targets on which
the winning shots were recorded at Phila
delphia.' Philo Jacoby, the founder of iiie
successful club, acting ofl toastmas«ter,
made the evening slip swiftly by with his
reminiscences of the early*, days of the
organization, which has v achieved a con
siderable ' degree of loca\\f amc.
Survivors of Centennial Champion
ship Team Meet at Banquet to
Celebrate Anniversary.
OLD MARKSMEN RECALL
THEIR FORMER TRIUMPHS
Hence Job and John, «Tirysostom th<? golden
moutlu-d. fVter the Hermit, and Thomas a
Krmpis and Luther are sainted among the
I had received my collegiate degree before
I was twenty and found myself, before I had
reached my majority, preaching. With my In
creasing maturity 1 came to realize that the
vf-ry characteristics which would tend to pro
voke antagonism so long as I remained in the
pulpit — the very methods which wotild make
me; from an orthodox standpoint, a failure in
the ministry would serve to sreure a success
upon the stago. Fortunately for my present
professional career I had left my former pro
fession before I was 2.\ and In the past five
yours I have at least passed the period of ap
prenticeship.
The Ptage Is not a devil's workshop, but a
God's playhouse — nay, not a playhouse, but a
place of toll, of triumph and of tears. Som^
men go to the utage with ulterior motive, some
men go to It for art's sake alone, some men
go to It for sheer reason of a real conviction —
a moral hope to be of benefit unto the world.
NO DEVIL'S WORKSHOP.
It Is never too late to change professions
if we change a bad one for a good one, or.
if bad, in a good «if, we change to become
better In a bad one. A poet might well change
his vocation to become a plovAnan, If so late
in life he should find out that he could lay
a deeper furrow than a thought. I have ex
changed a cross for a innsk, but there may be
more truth- behind a mask, which appears' to
be naught but a sham, than behind a face
which seems to be aglow with glory, when,
if the truth w«?re known, it Is but a calcium
light effect of godliness. I deem It to
be true unto a sham than to sham a truth;
better to be true unto a mask than to be un
true to 8. cross.
Meanwhile the people are talking about
the change of profession of Mr. Davis.
This is the unique statement that Mr.
Davis himself makes upon this point:
has just closed a contract with
the Mordant-Humphries Company, and
two weeks from to-night will appear on
the stage in his home city, where he once
preached, as the leading man in a play
of his own writing.
Since leaving Oakland and his pastorate
in this city several years ago, Mr. Davis
has taken up the stage as his profession.
A short time ago he returned to Oakland
to visit his parents, who still reside here.
He has now closed his contract with Ed
win Mordant, whose company opened, at
the Macdonough Theater to-night in "The
Christian." Mr. Mordant will present
"The Wife" next week, and the week
following will be the* first performance
of "The Unmasking," which is the title
Mr. Davis has given to his play. The play
has been pronounced excellent, but upon
that point the Oakland friends of Mr.
Davis will have an opportunity to judge
for themselves.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Edwards Davis,
formerly the pastor of the First
Christian Church of this city and
' an Oakland boy born and reared,
Thf sUamer Morninar, which returned f>
Lyttelton on March 25 with Lieutenant Shakti
ton conveyed to the world the news that Cap
tain Scott. Dr. Wilson and Lieutenant Shakel
torr after many hardships, had reached lati
tude S2 d«gre«» 17 minute* south, longitude \Kl
degree west, which is 94 miles south of th
permanent location • of the Discovery. Th*
party returned to its vessel on January 28.
190.1. thus penetrating farther south than any
other **p:orers. The record of H»rr Borchgre
vinck at Southern Crom was 7S degrees CO
minutes south. The winter quarters of th«s
Dlscovtry are at Cape Armitage in latitude
74 minutes 4!* seconds south, longitude 183 d<*
dreea KJ minutes west.* Th* spot was cleared
of one yearn Ice early In February. Captain
Scott resorted to m« that the Ice this year
waa much later, but we hoped to eventually
free his ship.
Captain Colbeck says that he expecta to
return to the Discovery about the* second
week in December. He reports that the
Swedish Antarctic expedition has gone to
Terra del Fuego, where it will winter and
carry on its scientific work.
As to the claim of the Germans that
they had reached 60 degrees 30 minutes,
as reported In the cablegram from Cape
town, Captain Colbeck said:
The theory that communication might
have been effected by land I also regard »»
unreasonable. A sledga Journey over 1400
miles of Ice would have to be made inside of
two months. an<l. moreover, even supposing
the Gauss had been farther south, aa was re
ported, the Discovery la hidden on the west
by mountain*, and as the Germans could not
have known Just where the British were win
tering, it 13 hard to imagine that the former
rould hav^ reached the Discovery by land. 1
have several Jimes thought that the Gauss
fell In with tSe Scotch exploring vessel Scotia
and mistook her for the Discovery. Possibly
the vessel supposed to be the Discovery was
only sighted instead of spoken and In this way
her name wai not learned.
It is my opinion that It is highly improbable
that the Gauss could be got around to th»
position where the Discovery wu lying. ,lt
the cablegram concerning the Gauss were true.
It would mean that the Discovery wm free
from the Ice, and such being the case you
would have heard of her at Lyttelton before
now. At the time we left her the Discovery
had had communication with no vessel other
than the Morning. When we left her Captain
Scott was confident that he would be atjle
to free his vessel this season.
The German station in the South Pole
exploration, he explained, was in east
longitude, between Victoria Land, the
section assigned to the British expedition,
and the Weddell Sea, the Scottish section.
To the west of the German portion are
the Kemp Land and Enderby Land
both on the Antarctic Circle, and to the
east is Knox Land, which is also on the
circle*. It may be, said the captain, that
the land discovered by the German expe
dition will be found to be continuous with
the three points mentioned already. Said
he:
-Nothing definite has been heard from
the Discovery since the Morning left her
early in the. year in her winter quarters,
but Captain- Colbert says that there is
every reason for believing that her HtOe
band of. explorers will not suffer for want
before another expedition reaches them.
The Morning left the Discovery well pro
visioned and her people in good health.
The story of the experiences of the Dis
covery party was fully told in The Call
about a month ago, when Lieutenant
Shackelton passed through here on hla
way to London, bearing the first report
ofxthe expedition.
Meanwhile the Morning ha3 been lying
at anchor at Christchurch, N. Z., await
ing the British Parliament's action on the
question of another relief expedition to
Cape Armitage. Consequently Captain
Colbeck Is able to furnish no further de
tails of the Icebound Discovery than have
already been published. On June 2 last,
shortly after Lieutenant Shackelton
passed through San Francisco, the Ger
man Antarctic exploration vessel Ganss
arrived at Cape Town, after being ice
bound for a year, and reported having
reached 60 degrees 30 minutes south and
communicated with the Discovery. Con
cerning this report Captain Colbeck said
last evening that he seriously doubted the
news.
Captain William Colbeck, commander of
the British steamship Morning, which
was dispatched on a mission of relief to
the exploration steamer Discovery and
eventually found her firmly bound in the
ice near the southerly extremity of Cape
Armitage,, from "where he carried Lieu
tenant Shackelton back to Lyttelton on
March. 25 last, was a passenger on the
steamer Sonoma, - which arrived here
yesterday. Captain Colbeck Is bound for
London to report to the Royal Geograph
ical Society and' his Government on the
feasibility of making another visit to the
Discovery next December. Parliament
has already approved an appropriation of
£40,000 for the trU>.
The total of this year's roll is *427,452.11O.
This is a net gain" of $7,483,466 over the
amount of the roll of 1002. To secure this
net jraln required, however, the, addition of
over $20,000,000 of assessable property to last
year's roll. Thla is explained by the fact that
the losses on certain classes of personal prop
erty thia year, together with the reductions
made by me on old dwellings, amounted to
over $13,000,000. These losses and i-alns are
shown in detail in the following- tablp;
Roll of 1902 ....$419,968,466
LOSSES—
Reductions made on
old dwellings $5,351,000
Louses on National
Bank Stock 2,378,000
Losses on State Banks. 2,374,000
Losses on Estates IMs
trlbuted 1,515,000
Losses on other Per- -
sonal Property 1,874.060
Total Loss $13,492,060
f $13,492,060
Leaving Balance $406,476,406
GAIN'S—
Increase in Real Estate and Im
provements $ 16.SS6.1R0
Increase in Personal Property 4.0S0.524
Total Roll, 1003 $127,452,110
The increased value of realty in certain
sections has been the chief factor this year
in producing an enlarged assessment roll: the
large sum of $l6,88t$,0v0 having been added to
the assessment . of real estate and improve
ments. V '
The assessment roll for the ensuing fis
cal year for the city and county of San
Francisco was presented to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday by Dr. Washington
Dodge, City and County Assessor.
More than 100 ponderous books were
brought into the chamber of the Board of
Supervisors by clerks of the Assessor.
These volumes represent the wprk of four
years and the records will be open to the
public who desire to inspect the figures
of Dr. Dodge's' office.
The Board of Supervisors will sit as a
board of equalization and hear all appli
cations that may be made for a reduction
of the assessment on real and personal
property.
The communication of Assessor "Dodge
that was presented to the Mayor and Su-'
pervisors yesterday. is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 6. 1003.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisor* of th«
City and County of San Francisco:
Gentlemen: In accordance with the law I
turn over to your Honorable Board to-day ,the
assessment roll of this" city for the ensuing
year, together with this, : my fifth annual re
port. '- ¦ ' ;./
British Commander En Route
to London to Report
to Government.
Advance i * in Realty Helps
Swell Roll* and Lower -
Tax Rate.
Value of Property in
This City Placed at
$427,452,110. .;
losers Through Burning of the Arcata Lodging-House Search for Valuables
Among Smoldering Embers, but Fire and Police Authorities Are
Satisfied With Landlady's Statement That All Roomers Escaped
Captain Col beck of the
Relief Ship Morning
in. the City.
ASSESSOR FILES
ANNUAL REPORT
DELVE FOR GOLD IN CHARRED RUINS,
BUT MAKE NO SEARCH FOR BODIES
LAST TO GREET
THE DISCOVERY
THE SAN FEANCISCO'CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, ™03.
Preacher Who Turned Actor Says It Is "Better to
Be True Unto a Mask Than Untrue to a Cross"
and Gives Other Reasons for Forsaking Ministry
EDWARDS DAVIS SIGNS CONTRACT
TO TREAD BOARDS IN HOME CITY
9
Note to Subscribers!
-j~ — -— — — — . 1. -< ¦¦ • ' '.;- ;\ — , -— <
We take pleasure ; in notifying our pa-
trons who are going to the. country for the
summer months, that THE i GALL can' be-
seryed to them ¦-. at ANY. POINT either by '
mail or through local carriers^ 3"
Give address to your^ carrier or any
branch office and prompt" service wi 11 be
'made. . ' . -^ •¦¦•
GRAPE-NUTS.
, -l.n-r_i _i _ ,r ¦¦ - - - -
HE HAD STRENGTH,
But Lacked Mental Power.
I" ood raay make a body strong and
Mout and yet not strengthen the brain
unless the food be rich in albumen and
rhcf phate of Potash, on which the deli-
tatf cells of the brain and nerves must be
rebuilt.
Orape-N'uta Is rich in these elements
end repairs this wasted tissue, as trial of
the food proves.
"In the fall of 1S93 I entered the Indiana
"Jjrntal College at Indianapolis after a
f ummer of hard work, during which time
1 consumed as much bread, meats, pota-
toes, etc., as the average human being
-•will eat. and although I felt well phyrt-
cally I was utterly incapable of hard
Ftwdy and on warm afternoons during lec-
tures I could hardly keep awake. I could
r.ot Ftudy at night at all and would wake
In the morning with heavy headaches.
"For a month this continued until one
uay I read about the food Grape-Nuts and
kr.»^ that it was what I needed. I do not
rr.ir.d acknowledging also that I wanted a
cheaper food, for my resources were al-
most exhausted. To my Burprise every
one #>f the bad conditions resulting from
Use improper food I had been eating dia-
ajiyearcd entirely and in a few days my
mind was clear and etrong, with no sleep-
.ine$fr after meals, no headaches In the
morning, and I felt better In every way
l San I had ever felt before.
"Dxirlng that entire term Grape-Nuts
was my principal diet and my g-eneral
average of l>6.6 I firmly believe is due to
'¦irapclNuts. As a brain food Grape-Nuts
[s certainly a wonder." Name given by
I'ostum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
S<M for particulars by mail of exten-
•lon of time on the $7,500 00 cooks' contest
tor 7S money prlzea - 1
ADVEKTISEKtENTS.
DON'T FEEL WELL
Have no appetite — Can't Sleep—
Bowels Constipated — Liver inact-
ive. The stomach has become
weak and needs a medicine to
strengthen it. Don't waste time
experimenting with this or that
remedy, but get a bottle of Hos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters at once.
For 50 years it has been recog-
nized as'the leading stomach rem-
edy *of the world, and has cured
thousands. Try it. Our Private
Stamp is oyer the neck of the
bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
PLATES AT COST;
Made by the professors of this college and
guaranteed a perfect lit. We solicit the omi
difficult cases and make a specialty of natural
looking and serviceable teeth.
Painless Methods — Extraction Fr«t.
Week Days. 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to 1.
-POST-GRADUATE DENTAL C0LL2G3,
San Francisco. 3 Taylor it., corner Qoldea
Gate ave.
Oakland, 973 .Washington at. corner TeatX. EUREKA— Arrived July 6— Stmr- Arctic,
hence July 4. July 3 — Stmr Grace Dollar,
hence July J-
FAN PEDRO — Arrived Julv C — Stmr Whltes
bcro, from Greenwood; rchr I^udlow, • from-.Ta
coma: schr Samar, from Port Madison. ¦
Sailed July 6— Schr Philippine, -for Tacoma;
bktn Por'.lRr.d. for Tacoma; stmr Lakme, for
San Francisco. • •
VENTURA— Airlved July 6— Stmr San Pe
dro, from Eureka. .
Sailed July 6-^Stmr San Pedro, for. San
Pedro. -. "¦ ¦- ••¦ '- •¦ -••' .."--. > ¦'-. ¦• •¦ •
l'ORT •' GAMBLE— Sailed July 6— Schr Spo
kane, fox* San Francisco. . . ¦ -¦ ! . — -' :.'¦ i-.*"*.' :
TATOOSH— PnsBed -. ; July 0 — Stmr Queen,
hence July 2. for Seattle; stmr Portland, . from
Nome, for Seattle.- ¦¦.:,*. ,,-•
Passed out • July C — Ger strmNEva, from,As
toria, via N&naimo, for Port : Arthur. . ¦
SEATTLE^Ealled July 5---Stmr Farallon,
for Skaxway; btmr. James Dollar, . for . Sun
FranctBco. ¦¦• '¦ ¦"- '¦'¦ '¦"'¦.
SOUTH BEND^Arrived July 6— Bktn Arago,
hence June .22. ' - - ', '. . > ¦¦ ' ..
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, July 6. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity. 12 miles per hour. ; .
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per bktnArago, at South Bend-^-July 2, lat
44 07 N..lon 127 60 W.Br bark Ivanhoe, . f rom
Victoria, for Iqulque. .' •
Monday, July 6.
5 Stmr Geo "W Elder, Shea, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson. Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Br stmr Yeddo, Balrd, Port Townsend; H M
Newhall & Co.
Bktn Fullerton, Brigman. Klhel; Union Oil
Company. .
SAILED.
Monday, July 6.
• Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, Honolulu.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Newburg, Andflndsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Navarro, Weber, Bo wens Landing.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Point Arena and
Mendoclno. ;. .. , .. . „- ¦
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Guaiala, Adler, Mendoclno.
Br stmr Yeddo, Baird, Port Townaend.
SPOKEN. .
Monday. July 6. J
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 63 hours from
Grays Harbor. •
Stmr Navarro, Weber, 55 hour* from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, 66 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Nebraskan, Greene, 8 days 14 houra
from Honolulu.
Stmr ! Umatilla, Nopander, 60 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, 62 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Stat* of California. Thomas, 44 hours
from San Diego. .
Stmr Sonoma, Hcrrlm&n, 20 days 19 & hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 daya 20Vi hours.
Stmr Olympic,' Hansen, 45u hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr San Mateo, Ross, 4 days from.Tacoma.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED. •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
ISLAND PORTS
Sailed July 6— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. . t
Arrived July 0— Stmr South Bay. hence 4th.
REDON DO— Arrived July 6— Stmr Noyo.
from Fort Bragg.
EASTERN PORT,
MANILA— Sailed July 2— U S stmr Kilpat
rlck, for New York.
HONOLULU— Arrived July> 6— Br stmr Do
ric, from Yokohama. -
Sailed July 0 — Stmr Nevadan. \ for Kahulul.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 3— Br stmi
Strathord, from Manila. '
FOREIGN PORTS.
BARCELONA— Sailed July 4— Spanish etmr
Isla de Luzon, for Liverpool. '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July 4— Jap
stmr RIojun Maru, from Seattle.
Palled July 6— Stmr Empress of India, for
Vancouver. •
LIMERICK— Arrived July 4— Br ehlp Godl
va, hence Feb 4. ; - » ;
SUEZ— Arrived July 3— Fr stmr Mont Blanc,
from Manila, for New York. July 4— Spanish
Btmr Antonio Lopez, from Manila; for Liver
pool. •
TSINTAU— Sailed July 4— Bktn Amazon, for
Hakodate. -
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived July 6— Bktn
Benlcla. from FremantVe; bktn Lahalna, from
Delaeoa Bay. •• . ¦ • ¦ • : : ¦ , --¦-..
Saiici] June 4 — Br ship Callfornlan, for San
Francisco. June 5 — Schr Marconi, for. Hono
lulu; schr Mamie A Calne. for Honolulu; Fr
bark Anne ue . Bretagne,' for San Francisco;
bktn Addenda, for I_haina. Jur« 7 — Br ship
Carmanian, for Honolulu. June: B— Br ship
Acamas, tor San Francisco. June 13— Ger
bark Alsterufer, for San Francisco.
- In port • June 15, • loading— Bark Abby Pal
mer, for Honolulu; Br ship Brodlck Castle, for
Honolulu; Br ship Brunei, -for -Honolulu; ehlp
Dirlgo, for Honolulu: Br ship Herat, for Hono
lulu; Br ship Llta, fnr Honolulu; bark Oregon,
for. Honolulu; Br ship .West York 4 for Hono
lulu; shlr> America, for Panama; Nor ship
Andorinha, for San Francisco;' Br ship Cam
buskenneth. for San Franclscof Fr bark Can
robert. for San Francisco; Br bark Empereur
Menellk, for San Francisco: ; Br ship Glftord,
for San Francisco.- ¦¦ s \
LEITH— Sailed July 3— Fr ship Helen Blum,
for San Francisco. ...
PORT NATAL— Arrived . July . 4— Schr Kal
lua, from Grays Harbor. : . '"•'.
MIDWAY ISLAND— Arrived July 5— U 8
stmr Solace, hence June 21, via Honolulu, for
Manila and Guam. ' * ' ' .
COQUIMBa-Sailed June 28— Br ship Car
nedd. Llewellyn, for- Puget Sounds ¦
Arrived July 3— Br ship Glenerlcht, from
Port- Blakeley. .
SYDNEY— Sailed July 6-.StmrW>ntura, for
San Francisco.
Arrived July 6— Bark Sonoma, from Eureka.
CARDIFF— Sailed July 4— Fr bark Cornll
Bart, for. San Francisco... ...,-„-.
OCEAN STEAMERS. ;
NEW YORK— Arrived July 6— Stmr Nor
dam, from. Rotterdam -and Boulogne. • .
GIKRAL-TAR— Arrived July. 5,:4ip m- -8tmr
Lahn, from New York, via Naples and Genoa,
and proceeded. - > • > ¦¦¦ ' .'
LIVERPOOL — Arrived " July' 5-^Stmr Cale
donian, from Bobton. for Manchester. July 6
— Stmr* Tunisian, from" Montreal ;'~stmr Lake
Manltou, from Montreal. ¦" ¦ .
.MONTREAL—Arrtved . July 6— Stmr Colum
bia, from New -York;- Btmr Siberian, from
Philadelphia, via St John. N F.
BREMEN-- Arrived July 6— Stmr Friederich
der Grosst, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. ¦ • . .
- LEGHORN— Arrived July "6— Stmr, Perugia,
from New York, via Naples and Marseilles.
LONIX'N— Arrived - July ,0— Stmr Mlnne
tonka.frsm New York. ": ¦:"-'¦¦'¦ ' ¦- >:
MO.VILLE— Arrived July 6— Stmr Mcngollau,
from New York, • for Glasgow.- *
CHERBOURa— Sailed July 6— Stmr Fuersr
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York. : -.:¦,-. '
• Sailed -. July. 5— Stmr - Koenitren Luise. from
Bremen and Southampton, for . N«w , York. - ¦ ¦ • ,
HAMBURG — Arrived July.fl — Stmr Pretoria,
from . New .Yr-rk,'. via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
LIZARD — Passed : ' July *tt— Stmr Pennland,
from ' Philadelphia,' for Antwerp."; ,
ROTTERDAM— Arrived July 4— Stmr FoU-
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. j For. | Sails^
Spokane Rkagway & Way Ports.|July 7
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports. ..jJuly 7
Dolphin.,...'. Skasway & Way Ports.|July «
Roanoke.* Nome & St. Michael.. .IJuly »
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly 10
Tamplco Nome & St. Michael.. . IJuly 12
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports.. July 13
City Seattle... Skasrway &. Way Ports. IJuly 14
DiriKo Skagway & Way Ports. July 15
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... IJuly 15
Conemaush... Nome & St. Michael. . .|July J5
Al-Ki Skattway & Way Ports.. July 16
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way PtslJuly IK
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Fort". IJuly 18
Eureka Nome IJuly "A>
1 TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. [' Due.
J Ptkirg (JThina & Japan -|Juljr 7
St. Paul Notn«- & St. Michael. .. July 7
! Lnkmr Ban Pertro : . . . July 7
i Arcata Toes Bay & Pt Orford. July 7
I Ccjullle River San Pedro July 7
I Artro Eel River Ports. July 7
: Pomona Humboldt July 7
I Erterprise • Hllo July "
Montara Heattle IJuly S
Arctic Humboldt July-. S
! Del Norte Crescent City IJuly 8
; Hedondo San Pedro July 8
N'orthFork. . . Humboldt July 8
Colon New Tork via Panama. July 8
J. Dollar Seattle & Taooma July S
i Ontralla Grays Harbor Juiy 8
Centennial Portland I July 9
j Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports.. IJuly 9
'Columbia, ! Portland & Astoria (July »
I Santa Rosa...] San D1*bo & Way Pts. July 8
' Chuo ' Coquille River IJuly »
! Rival I Wfliapa Harbor IJuly 10
i Corona Humboldt .IJuly 10
t San Pedro Ran Pedro IJuly 10
! Der.ierah Hamburg & Way Pta.lJuly 10
I Point Arena.. Point Arena July 10
I P.. Dollar. ... San Pedro IJuly' 1<J
; Eurrka Humboldt | July 11
' Quttr Puget Sound Ports. .. I July It
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. Pts. I July 13
: Coj« Eay San Pedro & Way Pts.! July 13
Dcric. China & Japan IJuly 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IJuly 14
Coronado Grays Harbor July 14
'Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... July 15
i Lothian Hongk'g via Manianlllo July 15
I City Sydney. . New York via Panama. July 15
City Puebla... Puget Sound Port* July 10
TO SAIL. /[
Steamer. Destination. J Sails. Pier. .
_____ - .-
Olympic . Whatcom & Falrh'n 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenlr Pt ArenaAMendcno 1 pm Pier 13
G.W.Elder.. Astoria _ Portland. 11 am Pier 24
H. K. Maru. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Alliance Eureka A Coos Bay 7 pm Pier 16
July N.
Lakme Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... San I'edro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coos B. & I'tOrford 12 m Pier 13
July ». .
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm July 8
8. Monica... Graysi Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona .... I Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 19
Argo Eel River Port* 4 pm|Pier 2
Nebraskan.. Honolulu & Kahtilui 3 pm|Pler 16
State of Cal.' San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
July II). >.
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt ..... 10 am Pier 2
R. Dollar. ..Astoria & Portlandl 5 pm Pier 2
, MarlpoRa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
Umatilla.... puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
Jnly 11.
Arctic Humboldt 0 am Pier 10
St. Paul.... Nome _ St. Michael 2 pm S.W. 2
San Juan... js\ Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
1 Chlco Coquille River 0 pm Pier 2
July 12.
; S. Rosa San Diego _ Way. 0 am Pier 19
K.Cruz Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier. 10
i Ccntralia.. . Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
i North Fork. Humboldt .;.."..... 1 pm Pier 2
i Columbia... Aetorla & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
. Jnly 13. -.:.}-¦
Rival Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
: l*t. Arena. .. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Jnly in.
i Peking China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Queen , Pueet Sound Porte. 11 am Pier 27
. I Jnly 10.
: ] Sonoma ' Sydney & Way. ... 2 pm Pier 7
f?un rlws 4:1*3
Pun seta • 7:C5
Moon *et».... ; 3:18 a. tn.
«' jTlmel jTimej ITlasel ¦ ITimri ~
¦S I 1 Ft . Ft. ! — -f Ft. I 1 Ft.
C |L W! !H WJ L. W| 1H W|
t> .«:«!— a5'I2:00! 4.71 4:25 3.1'10:35 5.6
9 5:24!— Of. 12:40 4.*' 5:07 3.1 11:11 3.3
1U J 5:.V.;— 0.4| l:15| 4.9J 5:4C -3.1:11:45 5.2
11 «:27— O.2! 1:SO|: 4.a! fi:2s S.I
u w| 'l vv la wj . !l xv ,
12 0:27' C/M <5:0!t' 0.0! 2:20 4.01 7:13 3.0
\t lW'4.7 7-.W 0.8(2:481 4.1*' 8:02 2.9
14 I:.V)| 4.51 S:<Cj O.C| 3;19j : S.Oj S:S7| 2.C
NOTK— In the above exposition of the tides
the «*i~;y xncrnlrts: tide* are Klven In the lett
hand column end the successive Ude» of the
day In the ordpr cf occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tire of. the
day. except when thrre are but three tides, a»
•Kn'ctlme* occur*. The heights Riven are In
addition to the rotm<Jlnc» cf the United States
— — ? :'::;<>
Movement of Steamers.
and her forward hold filled rap
idly, necessitating the vessel being
beached.
The Sumner was beached in seven feet
of water, near Mauban, island of Luzon.
Several of her forward plates were bro
ken. Two interoceanic transports were
dispatched to continue the distribution of
the Fourth Infantry to various stations
in Luzon and carry the Sixth Infantry to
Manila, where that regiment will embark
on the transport Logan.
The Sumner was the most elaborately
fitted up of all the transports. She was
Coast Survev Charts, excent when a minus < — ) ,
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is substracted' from the depth given by
the charts. The Diane of reference is the
mean of the lower low waters.
nANILA, July 6.-The United
States transport Sumner, hav
ing on board the Fourth Infan
try, struck an uncharted reef
The stranded transport Is a vessel, of
21S2 tons register. She is 351 feet long, 43
feet in beam and 26 feet "deep. She was
built In 1SS3 at Hamburg, Germany;
Her present commander, . Captain A. D.
Lothrop, was formerly assistant marine
superintendent of the transport- service at
this port. He has not had very good luck
as a seagoing sailor, for, according to the
local transport officials, the Sumner ls the
third vessel he has managed to get into
difficulties. His chief officer is W. H.
Harstedt, and J. Spelr, formerly com
mander, of the Lawton, is second mate
and navigator. R. S. Paul is the Sum
ner's chief engineer.
The Sumner left here for Manila on
April 20 and reached her^destlnatlon safe
ly and in good time. '•
Her officers' quarters are fitted with as
little regard for expense as is shown in
the elaborate economy of a money king's
yacht. The quartermaster captain en
joys, in addition to a luxuriously equipped
office, a suite of three rooms. . Hardwood,
marble and nickel plate and Oriental rugs
and draperies combine to give this mili
tary shipmaster quarters that would turn
the head of an admiral, and everything
else about the ship is In harmony.
known in the service as the "yacht," and
her lavish appointments formed the text
for a efreat anti-extravagance cry in Con
gress at the time she first went into com
mission. The Navy Department fitted her
out as an army transport and no expense
was spared. She was formerly the navy
collier Casslus.
ARMY TRANSPORT SUMNER. MOST SPLENDIDLY EQUIPPED VESSEL IN. THE SERVICE OF THE WAR DE
PARTMENT. WHICH HAS BEEN BEACHED ON THE COAST OF LUZON, AFTER A DISASTROUS.COLLI
SION WITH AN UNCHARTED REEF.
Judge Murasky yesterday appointed
Burrell G. White, Andrew J. Clunie and
K. . A. Bridgford administrators of the
last will and testament of the late Thom
as J. Clunie. He lixed their bonds at $1000
each. - - -
Appoints Administrators.
The navy transport Solace waa reported yes
terday a3 having been at Midway on July 5.
This is one of the first telegraphic shipping
reports to be received from the mid-ocean
station. _ :: -~, .
Solace at Midway.
The American-Hawaiian Steamshls Com
pany's Nebraskan, which arrived yesterday
from Honolulu, encountered heavy weather
throughout the voyace. Her cargo consisted
of 42.440 bags of sugar, 213 tons of scrap iron
and 44. tons of general merchandise.
Nebraskan Meets Heavy Weather.
The schooner Carrier Dove, which left Van
couver April 20 with lumber for Shanghai, is
reported ashore on the banks of the Yangtse
Klang River. No details have been received
as to the seriousness of her predicament.
Carrier Dove Is Ashore.
TUESDAY. JULY 7.
NOTK — The hljrh and low waters occur at
the city front < Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the hijrhrft tide in he same at both plncee.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
L'nfted States Coant and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Vort Point, entrance to Kan
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Tn* Time Ball en the Ferry bulldlnt was
drcrrped exactly at noon to-day — 1. e., at noon
of the 12oth meridian, or at 8 p.\m. Green
wich time. J. C. n-JttNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. ?*.. in charge.
, «
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraohlc Office, p. p. «c.. Mer
chants' Fxchance. San Francisco. Cal..
July 6. 19<W.
An additional manifest has been filed at the
Custom-house for the barkentlne S. G. Wilder,
•which failed en Saturday for Honolulu. The
rrmnlfeFt wbs valued at $2605. and Included
UD0 cs canned meats and vegetables and S5
pkps hardware. .
The rtcamer Alaineda, which sailed en
H«turdaj' for Honolulu, carried an »BEorte<J
merchandise <-«rgo. valued at $14(t,7fn» and
included the foll<jw!r.jr:
CSS Wall flour, IH* rtls barley. 154,f,Sl lbs
bran. 27. W.i lbs middlings, 220 ctls wheat. 3T>0
fki> feedrtufls. H'l ctlg oats. WM pkgs fresli
fruit, ' I«;l pkps f re.'h v CKetables, ZK1 i^yts
<ninnr. 2127 pk«s potatoes. ::xyt lbs Iieans
10.3to0 lbs rr.UlFturTK. l<;.si:S5 lbs bread. 33.50m
lbs FU^ar. M.S20 lb» malt. J7fM <-s canned
iroods, 477 ; kfs grocerifs and pro\ - isions. H
I-kF!- fr^ien oysters, 17HTi lbs fresh fish. 1H10
lbs frozen ptTk. .'W71 lb* drrssed poultry, 10,<X"0
lbs lice, 10 c» honey, 25 bbls 1 cs palmon
RSS'tba 2 cs cheese, 12.000 lbs ti c» butter,
120 t* pp?b, lf*n 1b? 1" pkps raisins. MOO lbs
dried fmit, 94S5 lbs 2 hxs prepared ftfh. 11.710
lbs codftth. 8SS lbs chocolate. 30.070 lbs lard.
J7.r>47 lbs ham and baron, 5475 lbs 2 cs can
dy. 12.%3 lbs rlucns*-. J2V.0 lbs- coffee. !*9rt lbs
hopB. 183 ce 1^1 cals whisky. 2!» cs 3453 gals
wine. 25 ct mineral water. 2<Xi pk^s <?ry goods.
21 <^ Joots ond shoes. 32 cs hats and caps,
1^9 pkes drugs and medicines, la pk«s blcy
rlm and f-xturep, 14 pkgs saddlery and har
ness. 17 pkgs machinery. <54 pkffs paint* and
oils. ceils ror*, .'{6 cs candles. CO cb mar
ble. 48 pkps leather. 4S pktrs electrical sup
piles. 1» bdls XiToome. 270 pk^s paper. 19 pkgs
millwork, 7S r-k^s arms and ammunition, 23
T-krs £1 PCs steel. 49 ;kgs C2 bars Iron. 3.S
X-Vcp warcn material. 17 bdls 25 pes pipe. 14
pkKs arrtrultural implements. 11 pkKS nails.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
The French ship Uucheyp*. <Je Berry was
rharterfd prior to arrival for wheat from this
j-ort to E-jrope; the Frc-nth bark Faulconnier,
tame fiusiness <spot>. at ITs 9d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Th" Japanese liner Hongkong Marti will sail
to-day at I oVIo^k for the Orient. Amonc .her
jiaWnprrs will i>* a number of school teachfri.
bound fur th" Philippines. They are travclm;
by th» regular liner be<!auiie thfre was n>>
room ter them on the transj»ort Sherman.
Hongkong Maru Sails To-Daj.
From Honolulu — C\ A. Itus-cravc. Mrs.
French. Mr. and Mrs. F. \V. Van ValkonbeT*
and child. Mr. and lire. ti. H. Fletchfr. L.-
Toplitz. Miss Howard. Miss i t-nlpr. iir. and
Mi«. T. Kite U. II. UU!«r. M. Grace. S. U
• 'ok*. Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Wadsworth. J. P.
Hunter. S?. V. French. Miss U. A. Harry, A.
U. Ei'ocrc. Mrs. Dolan. Mr. aiid Mrs. L. Ka
»ano «nd child. M. Tamatarsu. L. Kezasl. £.
1'rda, Captain Matron. J. Noar, U\- d<? Witt,
Mrs. .it Witt. MlM <Je Witt, Miss Canton.
Mrs. T. J. Harry. Mrs. J. H. Painter. Mrs.
JlfKfown, Mrs. Ht"ii>er. Mrs. Louisson. K.
Audmi. H. Jaeger. Mr. Stroujv C J. Lewis-.
A. tL Athertou. Mrs. Kiehar>#. Arthur Da
\lec. Mi!-." A. Rarry. Mr*. Meyer. Miss Chrls
tal. C. II. Weil. Mrs. Cooper. Mr. and Mrs.
L.. H. Palmer. O. Kuncmatau, Wont Spla
Klr.f. A. c. Kastnn. Professor and Mrs. Balla
satrue and two children, R. F. Barry, J. C.
Hoc*. L. Hcni^bfreer, J. K. Burkett. J. T.
McPrrw. Mr. and Mrs. O. M. Tutton and son.
K. O. Handy. F. Foralel and Mrs. PreSg and
two children.
From AncklanJ — Mr. anil Mrs. James Mills,
J. C. McOilluch. O. W. Hunter. <"a:nain <"ol
lieck. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Price. ISr. and Mrs.
R. B. Beals and < hi!d. Mr. an.l Mrr. H. V.
Bmittmm. O. a. Bbmnoad*. B. <". studlesiine,
lialfour H. NVjl and Mifs Jatksen.
From l*ago Page— Mr. and tin. II. Schmidt
and ton.
From Byiner — Charles Harvey, Mr*. Pollard.
Miss Pollard. Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Thurgood.
K. J. Millar. Miss P.othcrane, Miss D. Robert
son. Mi>. Lmraiit. Miss Webster. Mr* \V. L.
Hoyt. Albert Caldwell. A. P. Marks. F. A.
I-ohman. Mies K. Robertson. G. T. Morris.
Mr. an<l Mrs. Charles Harveeta. Mr. and Mrs.
M. J. Whilry and ton. A. W. Htandford. Mr.
and Mrt. Robert Ojudtncide? and daughter,
frank I>i!iohu<?. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bar
nard. L. H. Cowles, I*. G. Standford, Mr. and
Mrs. H. L. Puckle. Mrs. t». A. Hodson. K. 11.
Knight, Mr. and Mr*. W. M. Fay. C. T. Loar
and Jarm-F Mil'.ar.
The passengers included the following
named:
The Sonoma encountered unpleasant
weather almost throughout the voyage.
Head winds and head seas were encoun
tered between Honolulu and this port.
She was 20 days 19 hours from Sydney
and 5 days 20 hours from Honolulu.
Robert Theodore Cox. the 14 months old
child of one of the passengers, eiied on
board June IS and was buried at sea.
Mr?. G. A. Hodson, wife of the liner's
purser, was a passenger on the Sonoma
and will devote the nine days the steam-
Ehip remains In port to verifjing her hus
band's reports as to the climatic and
other attractions of California.
The Sonoma brought a large number of
passengers, among them many promi
nent colonials. She left Honolulu two
cays after the Pacific Mail Company's
City of Peking and the third day out
caught up to and passed that relic of
early days. The Peking, fast and com
modious some thirty years ago, seem* to
be pelting slower every voyage. She is
coming from the islands at the dignified
gait of about eight knots an hour and
frhould be- here in time for her passengers
to iand on Wednesdav.
The Oceanic Steamship Company broke j
the record yesterday for rapid handling I
of mail. The liner Sonoma reached port j
from Australia late in the afternoon with
•ZGi bags of Australian-British mail. The j
Quarantine inspection and the taking up J
of passengers' declarations by Custom
house officials occupied valuable time and
it was 5:50 o'clock when the liner came j
alongside Pacific-street wharf. Before
Ute lines were fast the mail was sliding j
down a rapidly rigged chute into the j
sturdy arms of a picked squad of long- j
shoremen. As the burly stevedore* hustled i
the heavy bags Into waiting trucks a \
staff of cierks and officials tallied the I
consignment and by the time the trucks j
weie loaded the paper* accompanying the ;
mail were checked up and ready to be i
turned over to the next custodian of the i
precious freight. At 5:50 o'ejock the first
bag of mail slid down the chute and the j
whole shipment went to Oakland, where
it was transferred to the overland train j
Jiv the- 6 o'clock boat. •
The State Board of Pilot Commissioners held
Us regular monthly meeting yesterday morn
ing. It rene»«d a few licenses and transacted
rome routine .business and the members dr«w
their salaries. They made no appointments.
Pilot Commissioners Meet.
dam, from New York. . . ¦ •'
Sailed July 5 — Stmr Amsterdam, for New
Tork, and from Boulogne at 11 p m.
To-morrow evening the Grand Jury will
resume the taking of testimony concern
ing the acts of the • Eppingers and Ett
linger. A large amount of information
may be extracted from books of the com
pany which are available.' It is claimed
now that the grain that is missing may
be traced with accuracy by the books in
the possession of' Receiver Wadsworth.
The entries on the books of Eppinger &
Co. show what lot of wheat or barley, ac
cording to marks, was pledged for any
loan and this is essential information that
the grand jurors now need. Several wit
nesses from* Crockett will testify to-mor
row night, among them Freund. the book
keeper of the Pacific Coast Warehouse
Company, and McFaull, the weigher of
grain at the warehouses at Crockett.
New witnesses are also to be summoned.
A meeting of the creditors of Eppinger
& Co. will ba called this week . for the
purpose of appointing a trustee to. take
charge of the assets. The probability ls
that Henry Wadsworth. who ls now the
receiver, will be elected the trustee.
There are a few small creditors whoae
names are not already known. The bulk
of the indebtedness ls with the bank? of
San Francisco and the Interior and is ev
idenced mainly by warehouse certificates,
although one bank, the London, Paris and
American, is secured by real estate. Hen
ry Wadsworth ls receiver of Eppinger &
Co. in the Federal courts, the decision
concerning jurisdiction tavlng touched
only the Pacific Coast Warehouse Com
pany. He is also receiver in the State
court in the suit brought by the Xevada
National Bank against the Anglo-Califor
nlan Bank and others.
Grand Jury Will Take More
Testimony to Get. .
"X Full Facts. N
Docks at 5:50 P. M. and Aus
tralian Letters Cro33 Bay
at 6 O'clock.
Sonoma Arrives From
Antipodes With Many
Passengers.
Eppinger Creditors Pre
paring to Look After
Assets.
Uncharted Rock Responsible for a Disaster on the Coast of Luzon While
the Luxuriously- Furnished Military Ship Is Engaged inr Distributing the
Fourth Regiment of Infantry to the Various Stations on That- Island
BREAKS RECORD
LANDING MAIL
WILL NOMINATE
THEIR TRUSTEE
TRANSPORT SUMNER STRIKES A REEF
AND IS BEACHED TO PREVENT SINKING
THE SAN FRA3SCISCO CALt, , TUESDAY, JXJLTX T, 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| A FEW WORDS TO
H hBbt Hi Kl - ¦'' J * M
XTi, __ If >' ou Rr9 sick, if
_^tjT.^— jr&km-. you have doctorfd ami
** *_J»^_»^s!'-\ worn out >' OJ r htomach
(\^f7'%ir»M swalloninp stronc and
L»3__ \ Wr-«M > poisonous medicines
WP^V \ \rhJL /y I without hPinc cur^d It
NF -r K • A ,f*oG I Is time to seek a treat-
¦jL.'\S., W^' ment that goes directly
•3SL / ' to thc foundation of
* *^_ •+" ¦' your trouble, whether
It be In the blood or of the nervous system.
Electro-Chemlstry cures special diseases of
men as no other treatment can possibly, do.
¦—» f-> CT cr EXAMIITATIOH AND
T" TK.tZ>tZ> < TBEATMEHT.
Men, tjo matter what your trouble may b».
come to us for a free Electro-Chemlc X-Ray
examination. We will find exactly what your
disease is. and if you ere curable we will give
you - a treatment to demonstrate how Klectro-
Chemlstry cures STRICTURE. PROSTATITIS.
WEAKNESS. VARICOCELE, SPECIFIC
BLOOD CONTAGION and all diseases peculiar
to men.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 Grant Avc, Cor. Post St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. ,
Office hours — 9 a. tn. to 5 r>. m. and 7 to 8
1 p. m. daHy. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. '
California
To LLIILAUU
[till US r se
SANTA _E TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
-T— — I Local) Llm'dl -_ocal lOVrl'd
f Dally f Daily I Da»y 1 Pall y
_v. San Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30 a 4:00 p '8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
•• Merc-d .... 1:05 p 1:65 p ....... |:2S a
"Fresno ..... 2:40 p 3:20 p. ...... 3:15 a
"Hanford ... 4:58 p 4:07 p ':»«
"Vlsalla 4:65 p 4:48 p :• B:00 a
." Bakersfleld . 7:15 p 6:00 p ....... 7:33 a
" Kansas City. ....... 2:35 a ....... 7:00 a
¦ " Chicas;o 2:15 p 8:47 p
afor mornlnsj; p for afternoon. .'
7:80 a. m. Daily, ls Bakersfleld LocaV stop,
plna; at all points in San Joaqtiln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
0 :30 a. - m. Monday and Thursday ' ls th»
CA_X_ ORNXA LIMITED, . carrying: Pal-
ace - Sleeping: Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers,
field for accommodation of local first-class pas.
eengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding: ' train - arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily, Valley Limited. Cornpoait*
Car and Reclining; Chair Car between Bakers,
field and San -.Francisco. Correspondlne train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally. - .
'4:00 p. m. ls Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11 :10 a. m. daily. '
. 8 :00 p. : m, dally Is ; the Overland i Express
with through . Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free > Reclining -. Chair ¦ cars - to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. ¦ Cor-
reppondlnp train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
.-¦. Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago .'and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. f Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m. .
. Offlc«s — 041 Market street and In Ferry De-
ont.San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leare ami i»r« «lue to arrive »»
>AN FKASClsCO.
(Mala' Line, toot of Market Street > *-
Vk*ts - Fnoit Jcaa 21. U-OJ. - AXMiy
~J Ma B'-nl- la. SuUun. KUntra and Sacra-
mento ?'£fl
7 00a V»c«Ttile. Winter". Kitmsry 7.ZS*
7.30a Vwrtlnex. San Hamon. \ nKCjO.
Napa. CallatoEi*. Santa Hosa 5 »?
7 30a Klles. Lnthrop. Stockfon 7.Zu»
8 COa I>iiyI». Woodland. KnlEiits l-int.lrxr.
MarysTllle. Oro»llle. (cennects
stMarysvtUe for Gridlcy, Blgss
sndChlro) ..._.... 7.5BF
8 COa Atlantic Express-Ogam snd lae«. 10.25*
B.00a Port C«>»ta, MartJnea. Antloch. I«y-
ron Tracy.Storttoo.Sacmmf ntn.
Loa Eanos. Meodota, l.anford.
Vlsalla. 1'orterTllle ....m4_a»
8 00a Port Cost.-*. Martlnes, Laihri>i», Mo-
de.to. MercPd. Frewo. OosHea
Janctton. Uanford. Vlsalla,
Bskcr»fleM 6_5»
8.30a Shasta Express- UaTls.
(for Bartlett Spripca). A\l>lowa.
trrulo, Red Bluff, rorlland...... 7.55»
8-30 x Klles. Son Jo!»c Ltvcrmcre. StocS-
toD.Ionc.Sacmmento.I»lacervni8.
MarTS»ll!e, Chieo. Kcil Bluff 4.25»
830a OaWalo. Chinese. Jamestown. 80
nora, Tuolnmne and Antcels 4-Z5»
9.00a Marilnea anU Way Sutlons ,S«eI
10.00a Vallejo _.__:iri" 1Z ""*
• 10.00a CrefcentClty Express. Kaatboand.
IU m -port Costs, Byron. Tracy. La-
throp. Stockton. Merced. I.ay-
mond. Fresno, Uaaford, > tsaila,
PakersflHd. Los Aneeles and
Kew Orleans. (Westbonna ar-
rives as Pacific Ccast Express,
Tla Coact Line) ¦.••• «I-3O
t0C0 * T l e en ?c^n. b a LI c n h \ t ca^. Oert . Ca : j»
12.00* naywarrt. Nlles ami Way SUtlons. 325»
tLOOr Sacramento Kirer Steamers t11.00*
ZZOr Benlcia. ¦Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. William*. Coluaa. bil-
lows. -Bights 1 andlnif. Warys-
Tille, Oro>llle and way stations.. 10 B5 a
3J0p Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. / 60F
4X0r Martlnex.SauK»roon.ValleJo,Kapa,
Cal!»toir». SanU Rosa ,225*
ACOr Mantaez.Tracy.Latbrop.SUielctoD. 1025a
4 COp Xllee. Llvr rmore. Stockton. I.->dt.. 4.25F
4.30p Haywanl. Nllfs. IrTlngton, Saa » J0.65A
Jose. Llvermore t *1 1.65a
6C0r The Onl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
lukemilriii. Los ADgeles: con-
nects at baujtns tor Santa Bar-
bara 8.85*
B-COp Port Costx Tracy, Stcckton, Los
Banoa 1 2?5*
15.I0P >lles. San J«»e Local .ZSI*
6 COp Hay ward. Xllea and Pan Jose 10 25a
$X0r Oriental Jlall — Ogden. Denver.
Umaba, St. Lcuis. Chicago and
Ha*t. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
srDgcrs only oat of ban Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and coach
passeoceTS take 7.C0 r. Jf- train
to Kfdo. cobtlcolac tter.ci' la
their cars 6 p.m. train eastward.. 425»
WmtlKund, Sunset Llniltfd.—
From New Tork. Chicago. Xew
Orlesns. El Paso. Los Angeles.
Frerno. Bereoda, Raymond (from
Topemltc). Jlarilnej. 8 25a
7.C0P 8an PaMo. Fort Costa, Marttnrs
and Way Statlocs. 11 25*
J7.C0» Vallrjo - m ... 766»
7.00r Port tosta, Bcnlcia. Sulsno, Pyi'.
Eacramento, Trnckee. Reno.
Stops at all stations east of
SacTamesto 7 55*
S-OSp OreitoD * CaKlornla Expr»»s— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle, Hcddlsg.
Portland. Pui<et S«.mih! and East. 8 55 »
t9-10P Uay ward, Mies and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) £1 1.55 *
11.25r Port Conta. Trr.cy, talhrop. Mo-
Off to. Merced. Kaymond (to Yo-
semtt^). Fretno 12 2*r
nanford. Ylsall*. Bakersflelu 5.tS»
COAST LINE (farraw Uaosre).
(b'i»ot or . Market Street )
't7.45A Santa Craz Excursion (Sunday
only) J8-10f
8.15a Kewark. CenterTllle. San Joss,
Felton. Honlcirr Creek. Santa
Cruz anil Way Stations S-29V
fZAbr Kewark. Centerrllle. Hun Jose.
Kew Almwdcn. Loh GatOfc.?e!toa.
' Boulder Creek. Santa Crus and \
Principal Wsy Sutlons 1045a
4-15* Kewark. Ssn Jo»e. Los Gatos and
wsy stations (cm Satorday tnd
Sandsy runs larough to Santa
Cni2.' connects at Felton for
Boulder Creek, Mnndsy only
from Santa Cmz> t8-SS a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * KANCISfO. Fool of Market St. (SUp-O
— flx_ »:C0 11:00 a.m. 100 3X0 6.16 P.M.
From OAKLAND, loot of Broadway — +5:00 t3:(»
18:00 10:00 A.M. 12 CO 2 00 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Uroatl Uaaxe).
(Third ami Townsend Streets.)
6.10a Pan Jose and Way Stations 7.30p
17 CO* Pan Jose and Way Station* 8.30P
17 COa Hew Al_aden .M-IO*
J7.15* Mocterry and Santa Cruz Excur
rlcn (Snodmy only) ... 18.3Qr
cS-COa Coast Lice Limited — Stops only San
Jose.Gllroy.Bolllster.PaJaro.Caa-
iroTllle. Salinas, San Arrto. Pav>
RoMes. Santa Margarita, Ban Lu!»
f>blspo,(prtnrlpal station* tbenee)
Eanta Bsrbars. and Loa An-
geles. Connection st CastroTll!* .
to and from Monterey and Paelflo
Orore and at Fajaro north bound
from Capttola and SantaCruz.... 10-48*'
BOO* San Jose. Trea Plnos. Capitol*.
Sao t a Cruz.Paelueflrore, Salinas,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations.. 4. 10?
TT fHb0ur.1l only. Pacific Coast Ex-
press.— From Xrw Tork.Cblcigo,
Hew Orleans. El Psao. Los An-
pries. Santa Barbara. Arrive*.. 1.30?
1030a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11. JOa Ean Jose, Los Gatos and Way Sta-
tions f. 6.36r
«1.2Cp Ean Jose and Waj Stations > 7 COf
2 OOp San Jo«e sod Way Stations ... .... ,9 43a
1".3.t0r 1)»1 Monte F.xpresa — Santa Clara.
• ' Ssn J« »e. Vel Monte. Monterey,
Pscl&c Grove (connect* st Ssnta
Clara for Santa Crux, Boulder
Creek sod Narrow G«uperolnta)t12.18v
o3.30p BurllDfmme. San Mateo, Redwood,
iienlo Park. Palo Alto, May field.
Moantaln View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Jose, Gllroy (connec-
tion for HollUter, Tres Plnos).
Pajaro (connection for Watson-
Ttnp. Capltola and Santa Cruz).
Pacific UroTe and way station*.
Connects at Caatrovliie for Sa-
_,_. b iib«» ia4S»
ca.ZBt Ssn Jose and Way Stations 8 36a
do COp 6«n Jo«e. din Santa Clara) Loa
tiatos. Wright and Principal Way
Statlona (900*
olS-ZOr San Jose and PrJnclpulWay Stations 18 00*
O16.16P EanMatco.Brrrsford.Belmont.San
I'arlcs. Keilwi.ixl. Fslr Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto........... tS 4Sa
6.ZQT San Jose and Way Stations , GSSa
•7X0p Snntet Limited. Eastbound.— San
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeies. I)emlnr. £1 Paso, New
Orleans, Kew Tork. (Wrstnonod
anlTesTla.«."nJc»qutnV8lley)... n-8 ?5a
8. COp Palo Alto snd Wsy Suilons 10 IB*
"ii-SOi Mtllbrae. I 1 ..;.. Atloand Way Sia- '"
tlons ...................... # . +n 4Sp»
• 11 3Cr MillL'rar, tau Juse and Way sia^
" on » :9.45p
- A lor Morning. P for Afternoon *
X Saturday and Sunday only,
i Stops at all stations en Sunday.
1 Sunday excepted. : Sunday only.
• f tturdA j only.
• Connects at Gosnen 3c with trains for FWnfrwi.
Vlsalla. At Fresno, for Vlsalla t1« Saneer
t via Coast Line. / Tuesday and Friday
tn Arrive Tla Nlles. n Dally except Saturday
w Via San Joaqtiln Valley. *"
". Stops Santa Clara toutb bound enly Conae-t..
except Sunday, tor »H point- Xairow Gancst^
3 !><»*¦» nut stop at Val. nt la St.
AlOUNl IAA1ALPA1S KAlLVVAY
Leave 11a S«u_ita f«rrt Arrive
! San Fran. to* «t IU rkst ft. San Fran.
Week Sun- agra Son- Weeic
" P"^- <la y» dffirf&rfcL _f_Z2_ Oty-
I W:45 A 8:OOa FiJ<eV&.-va A '
l:45p 9:OOa »2:5«p it:30r
S:15p1O:OOa W«KBfc3^ «:3l»p5:5ttp
1 11:30a 4:35p
S_a_y» sal y. UaT> Tiysra » 9i3Oi» ( irriT»!t.y. i'j*:*3Of
flClir t «t» MA--.K.BT ST^ (North Snore kail road,
OPTIC— )and SAtrtAUTO Fkrkv Frmt Market St.'
Weekly Call,$1.00p9r Yeac
: EAI1WAT TBAV— — «. ._
If iH ny T^ Why take a I
l^' v\ i B : W The bcrths are room y ; I
HHl /v- r^^ " is e beddin s ls °^ . better I
1"™t\ ( l^E/^IT - f quality than is founcl in the |
I jL_*_5t?^\' average hotel; the ventilating, j[
I J^^^^ / i V^__S:'f lighting and heating arrange-
M Wit&!$! I 1 J$*E&* ments are up to date; there p]
1 K W i^W are separate toilet rooms for men |
I WM D\\Af and women; the aisle is carpeted, |
I 11 1 r\ and there is a heating range for |
II making tea and coffee. a
P l^¥ Rock Island tourist slrepcrs leave SanFrancisco and Los Anffeles *1
W J »PI dailTforKansasCitTandCWca?OTiaElPa*o; Monday, ___^j^3S^^— _— «
a Tuesday and Thursday cars from r-an Francisco are M^5g?HA^r^T^7 W
H personally conducted from Los Anreles. "See sic" line cars leave Viid^RFlllR H
H San Francisco Wednesdays, Sattxrdays and Sundays. All three I • UHilM. • I ,'J 3
B arr personally conducted. Tickets at all So. Pac. ticket offices. fj*>*fi73rTr^Ml ti
W Folder giving full ir.forxation furnished on request. f*>^l -jLUl !U^
fi ' ' 623 Market Street, Saa Franciscc. Cal.
a^_l < _, f _.J_^ia_- t -lU^ai.JU-U--l^^
pa__— —————— b___—————— ————— —¦¦——¦ |
i
p— _¦ — _— ¦— — i f—i t .
rm-i *n> ¦ *r*ry t« : • '
The Best Way East
If you enjoy' grand scenery there's
only one way for you to go east — via
Salt Lake City, Denver and the Bur-
lington Route, the scenic line across
the continent '
Burlington tourist cars by thi3 way
leave California three times a week for
the East. There are no changes or
delays — you go right through to Omaha
and Chicago, or Kansas City and
St. Louis. Connections at these cities
for all points beyond.
Scenic attractions are not all — will be
glad to tell you about the others.
Call if you can, bat write me a line
if you can't ¦'
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agent Burlington Route,
631 Market SL, San Francisco, Cal.
692 Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
a. BAILWAY COMPAITT.
Tttraron gcrry, jfoot oX Market St.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SAH BAP_B_
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. :
12:3o. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. C:3O and 11:30.
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:3O.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. «:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAJ: : A__ 'X\, ~A J* _ .-—JICISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50, 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20,
6:25 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — b:5l>. 7:35, 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m. t_x-
cept* Saturdays. • ' '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
fan Franclaco.l May 3. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- 1 Week
Days, i days. | tlon. | daya. 1 Day>.
7To0a| 7:45 a( 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00a 9:30a lgnacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p «:20p
5:10 p 5:10 p fi:20p 7:25 p
j f 7:25 p|
7:3Oa 7:30a 7:45 a| 7:45a
8:0Oa 8:00a Novato. 10:20a lO:2Oa
2:30 p 9:3Oa Petaluma 6:2Op 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
- I 5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 al 7:30 a 10:20 a| 10:20 a
8:00 a| 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p 6:20 p
2:30 p| 2:30 p I 7:25 p
I Windsor. | I
7:3Oa 7:3Oa Healdsbura;. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p ' Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale^ | ¦ .
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a 10:20 a
I 2:30p|2:30p| and Uklah. |7:25p 7:23 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Willlts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
' 8:0O al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
g:30p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| 8:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al ! Sonoma. 1 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p| 6:2O p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln, at. Santa Roea for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for SkasKS Springs; at Clove*-
dale (or the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood ; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot Springs. Haif-
way House. Comptche, Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. ' Westport.
Usal: at Wllltts . for Fort Bragg. "Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville, Curo-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Chronlela
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
' Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pas. Agt.
_____ T() SAN RApAEL
SAN QL'ENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZAD_RO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAia l- olld * y V?? ft ce Mri:ft
?•7:45. 8:48, 9:45. 11 a. "Vt 1 ?' «' ™ ' '
415 t515 »«:15. 6:45. 9, 11:45 p. m.
"irJ a. rV- train week days does not run to
M silN_ATS AND __OA_ HOLIDAYS— 7.
1%S. "^SO. 6. «. 7:3O. ». 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Quentln. Thos.
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
"/rOMBAN RAFAS- TO SAN FRANCISCO
-W^eek dayV-o:25~jt$:23. 7:40. 8:15.
11:05 a m. 12:30. 2:20. t3:43. 4:50, 0:30. 6:43.
10 SUNDA^YS— 6:1B. 7:S5. t9:10. 9:W. tlO:33.
111^45 a. mT 12:50. 2:30. t3_5. 4:40. J5:50.
6-65 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked <» start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
ClSCO^-Week days— 6:45. 6:40. 7:45, 8:25,
9:457 VLAQ ' _ m-. 12:40. 2:45. 5:15. 5:10. 7:03.'
J °SUND AYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03.
1-05 2-40 3:43. 4:53. 6:03. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
* THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. n:.. week days — Cazadero and waj
5-15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomates and way station*.
3:15 p. m-. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and I^gal Holidays— 8 a. m., Caxa-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. tn. , Point
Reyes nnd way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market St.
FERRY— Fo"t of Market >t. ¦
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. LNVlUUHA-
tor and Nervine. . ¦
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp»;l_
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexxa.
The Mexican . Remedy • for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. • Sells on its own mer:_.
NABER. ALFS _ BRUNE, Agents.
S23 Market it. a F.— (Send tor Circular*, iJAPANESE FISHERMEN
CAUGHT KILLING BIRDS
HONOLULU, June 30.— Japanese fisher
men hav« been killins birds on the Mid
way Islands . by tens of thousands, and
Captain Redman drove them away twice
during his trip there on the Iroquols. He
has asked Governor Dole t. issue a proc
lamation prohibiting: the taking of birds
from any. of the Hawaiian Islands group
between here and Midway, where he
found a party of thirty-seven Japanese
bird . killers. The Japanese pull out the
feathers they want and then throw away
the birds, often leavins them to starve
and die on the beach. The Japanese left
Midway in a small schooner, but Captain
Rodman found them again on Lisiansky
Island, slaughtering; birds. He ordered
them away from that place.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time.yfian Francisco Ju!y 6:
K K » £? g . <
fill US H ?g ?H
•TATiONa. S 3 3 3 |- ? :l :*
Cloverdale *2 VA ... Clear N
Colosa .- C7 ... Clear ...
Eureka GO 4S ... Clear NW Lt.
Fresno W> 54 ... Cle^r NW C
Hanford M &3 .... Clear
HoUlster 79 40 ... Clear
Independence ..8X fin ... Clear W 20
Kins City « 42 ... Clear N
Ltvermore KO 41, ... Clear ...
Los Angeles 78 «; ... -Clear SW 6
Napa 77 44 ... Clear
Newman R<J 60 ... .Clear ...
Palermo 82 4H ... Clear S
Porterrtlle hi 52 ... Clear "W
He<J BluS 78 M ... Clear SW Lt.
Rtverelde M «0 ... Clear
Sacramento ....78 f»2 ... Clear W Lt.
San Diego €8 SO ... Clear £W 6
San Francisco.. 64 SO «... Clear W 16
Ban Lol» Obiipo.70 44 ... Clear W 12
Santa Maria 72 43 ... Clear
Kaata, Rosa. 77 42 ... Clear ••• ..
FRUITS — New Apricots. 7©Sc; old Apri
cots, 6%®7%c for 'Royal and 7©'Jc
for- ordinary .Moorparks; Evaporated Ap
ples,4®5%c: sun dried, 3® 4c; Peaches, 4®5%c;
Pears, 4$4%c for quarters and 506%c for
halve*: Nectarines. 4®5c for white: Plum*. 4»
6c for pitted and l@l%c for unpttted; Figs, 3%
64c for black and 4©5c tor white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop/ 2%©2%c for the four
aizes. with %91c premium for. the large sire*.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted. as follow*:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxe*. 5V4c per
lb; 8-crown, 5Kc: 4-crown. 6c; - Seedless, loose
Muscatels.. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per. box: 8-crown, $1 50;, 4
crown fancy clu«ter«, 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb. boxes. $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, -7%c . . •
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%013c;
No. 2. lOVismvic: No. 1 hardshell. Il%$l2e;
No. 2, 10^10 He; Almonds, lie for Nooparel^,
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
CHICAGO. July 6.— A reaction occurred In
wheat, and, although trading was quiet, price*
were strong: throughout the entire session. The
opening was higher on a sharp advance in the
July options and Liverpool and. on the rather
discouraging foreign advices, the reports from
Russia being quite bullish. September was tip
U«t%c at the start, and. with a good commis
sion demand, with little for sale, the market
became steadier. September advancing to 85%9
S5?tC. Later the offerings became freer and
much of tbe early gain was lost, September
declining to 75®75VtC but during the laat hour
the buying was renewed and the market again
advanced. A' decrease In the visible supply of
1.4Sn,(XX> bushels was partly responsible for
the better demand late In the day. After sell
ing up to 76c September closed l%o higher at
7514c. . ¦ ' ' ¦
A bullish sentiment pervaded the com pit
and . there waa a good - general demand the
greater part of the day. After selling be
tween 51%c and 50%c September closed l%c
higher at 51«c. - .
Oats were also influenced by the unfavorable
crop reports from the, country and active cov
ering 1 by local shorts, together with buying. for
Investment account, caused a strong market.
Chicago Grain Market.
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 59% «5 'Port - Costa. . 64 66%
Marln Co... 60% — i3prln« Val.. S«5i —
- UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bld.Ask. • Bld-Ask.
4s qr coup.. — 111 Vi 4s cr c new.135%130%
4s qr reg tlO%lll% ia qr coup...lC3bl09
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — ;Oak W * Ca — — -
Bay CPC 6s. — 1<W ;Oceanic S 5s — 83
CCG A E 5s. — 107% Om C R 6S..124 125
Cal-st 5s — — Pac O Im 4». »«% OS
C Costa 5«.. — 103 iPac E R ."•«. — 108%
Ed L & P «s. — 12SX Pk & CH 6«. — _
Fer & CH (W.116% — Pk & OR be. — —
Geary-st 5«. — — Pwl-*t R fs.llfii; —
H C&S 5%s.lO2% — Sac EGAR3s.l03%104U
Do 5s 95 98 CF A. SJV 5s. — 121
H R T&L Cs.lC3% — Sierra of CalCs.110 —
L A E Co 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L Ang R 5s. — 113% (1900) ....107*;i08
L A L Co es. — , — (1910) ....10S»i —
Do ltd. 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.tO5%l07% (1906)Sr A. — 104^4
L A P lc 5a.lC3%104% (l»05)Sr B. — 105U
Mkt-st C 6a. — <1906) — 107U
Do lem 5..117 118 (1912) — 113%
N R of C 6s. — — S P of C 1st
KRC of C 5s. —^121 c*gtd 5s..— 121%
N P C R 5s. — ' — Do stmpd.107% —
N C R R 6s. — 114% P P B R 6s. — 140
N C P C 5S.100 • — E . V. Wat 6«. — 107^
N S R 5a... — 100- Do 4n 2dm.lOO 100%
O G LAH 53.110 — .Do 4s 3dm. — lOOtf
Oak T Co ti* - 124% Etkn G&EtSs. — 102
Do St — — U G A E Ss.103 —
Do con 5*. — .105 :^ftSBDitXSii
MONDAY. July «— 2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FUTURES. ¦
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. * .
.Open. High. Low.-- "Close.'
December .../ 92% . , 93% 92% 93ft
'¦/:' 2 p. m." Session.
December— 03c. • ¦ •
OATS — The ; market continues flrm, with a
sale of good new Red at $1 17%. Offerings are
moderate. ' - . '
. New Red. $1 1001 18% per ctl. ,
Old crop— White, $1 17%01 SB; Black.
$1 07%$l 10; Red, $1 10@l 15 for common
and $1 17%©1 22% for choice; Gray.' nomi
nal.
CORN — Is steady and unchanged, with mod
erate stocks. ' - •:¦' - -
California large Yellow. . $1 25<31 27%:
small round - do.* $1' 40© 1 SO; White. $1 209
1 SO; Egyptian. $1 4091 45 for .White and
$1 20®122% for Brown. - . ¦>•..-.
Feed, new, $1 02%©l 05; new shipping.
$1 1<*&1 15; old Brewing, $1 15©1' 20; Cheva
lier. $1 15©1 30 for fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY
California Club. $1 40@i 42%: California
White- Australian. $1 47%@1 50; Northern
Club $1 37V4®1 40; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 46K©1 <7H; Oregon Valley. $1 45.
FUTURES.
Session & to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 35% $1 83T& $1 33% $1 36%
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 3C*4. . <
BARLEY — Both futures and cash grain were
higher, with a good demand at the advance.
Feed sold up to $1 05 and a sale of new Brew
ins; at $1 16 Yi. Port Costa, was reported. Old
Brewing i* also quoted 'at a marked advance.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were firmer. The
American vinlble supply decreased 1. 480.000
bushels, fenow's crop report says: "There
has been a sharp decline In the Spring Wheat
premise during the last month. The crop Is
now hardly to be counted over 300.000.<XK> bush
elF with a possible minimum ot-275.O00.0ij0.
Hardly half- a crop is predicted in the Red
River Valley. ¦ ' ,' _„ .„,,_,
Chicago advanced from »4%c to <Gc. This
maiket was higher for futures, but the cash
gra.n remained unchanged.
New wheat. $1 32Vj«l 35 for Bhlpplng and
$1 42%@1 45 for milling.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Ex-dlvtdend yesterday: Pacific Lighting
Company, regular monthly. 35c per share.
amount Ins to $12,050. Onomea Sugar Com
pany regular monthly. 20c per share. amount-
Ing to $10,000. The Imperial Oil Company a
monthly dividend of 20c per share, amounting
to $20,000. The Thirty-three Oil Company a
monthly dividend of 10c per share, amounting
to $10,000.
The market for local securities opened quiet
ly after the week's vacation, but values were
well maintained. Gas and Electric opened
higher at $72. advanced to |72 25. and fell
back to $71 at th» close of the morning ses
sion. Tho certificates were firm at $70. and
Pacific Gas was weaker at $55&54. There
were sales of Contra Costa Water at $5S 500
60. and of Spring Valley Water at *S7 2&&S7.
The California and Tonopah Exchanges were
not In session, but will reopen to-day.
There was sudden activity In the gas stocks
In the afternoon,- sales being numerous and
prices unsettled. Gas and Electric sold lower
at $71Q<& 50. and the certificates at $70369.
Pacific Gas was not materially changed at $54.
Mutual Electric waa considerably higher at
%0 75«10 62^. Sprtng Valley was weaker at
$87@S0 75. Hana Sugar sold down to 37^c.
725 shares going 'at this figure.
STOCK MARKET.
The following tables giT» a eomparatlT*
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equat
ing 50 California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner'* inches. The figure* for th«
last year may be revised by lat«r measure
ments. The figures are by J. B. Llpplncott.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
Second Faec
DATE. >* 1
1902. 1903.
June 21 9.550 6.580
June 22 9.350 9.SM
June 23 9.950 6.5SO
June 24 a«50 «.5SO
June 23 8.38O 8.34©
June 24 S.11O «.10O
Jung 27 7.S40 6. ICO
TX'OLUMNE RTVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1 -
1302. j 1903.
June 21 •• 6.450 6.130
June 22 6.130 6,130
Jun» 23 6.13O B.«1O
June 24 3.30O S.50O
June 25 4.910 5.2OO
June 2» 4.830 4,910
June 27 -MU0 5.200
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1902. 1903.
June 21 7.010 6.S20
June 22 6.7SO «.5«O
June 23 5.714 6.780
June 24 6.000 7.040
June 25 6.0CO 7..W
JuneCtJ 5,322' 8.220
June 27 *.63O 7,800
TULE RIVER NIAS PORTERV1LLE.
Second Feet.
1902. 1903.
June 21 126 128
June 22 117 12fl
June 23 100 126
June 24 101 1C9
June 25 101 100
June 2« JJ 1C9
Jun»W H 93
FLOW OF SIVEES.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL i
FOP.ECAST.
Clou<3y weather prevaiis over the northern j
portion of the Pacific Slope and fair over the |
southern. Light shower* have fallen ever •
the «r.Ktern portion* of Washington asd Ore- |
gon, Wt-stern Montana and Idaho.
The pressure has ri«m rarid'.y o\ - er Nevada I
and fallen elowly over Arizona.
The temperature has fallen over the plateau 1
and Rocky Mountain regions ana remained |
nearly stationary in other districts. Through- '
/5Ut the Interior of California the temperature
is from « to 14 deffre** b<low the normal.
The tcOtmtBK high winds are reported: j
Point Reyef. C5 miles per hour from the
northwest: Wtnnemucea. 2* northwest: Inde
pendence. 3* northwest; Modena 64 southwest;
Kelt Lake City. 40 southwest, and Pocatello.
2C w««t.
Forecast made «t San Frsr.risco for thirty |
hovra endlnr midnight. July 7:
Northern California — Fair; warmer Tues
day; fresh northwert wind.
FotJihtrn California— Fair Tuesday; cooler in
east portion: frc«h west m-lnd.
Nevada — Fair: warmer Tuesday.
Sat) Francisco and vicinity— F.alr; warmer
Tuesday; fresh northwest win*.
¦ G. H. WILLRON,
Local Forecaeter. Temporarily In Charge.
~ -The exports of Flour from San Francisco by
.gea'tfurl&f tb« month of June were as follow*:
• : -To— Barrels. Values.
.China 4H.49S $171,765
Japan 11.04S 40,429
Central America 12.3*«i 47.1M
Colombia 1.731 <U*08
Hawaiian Islands S,33» 37,4«4
TafclU 1.254 5.316
Mexico 322 1.21*
Peru ;{CH» 1.3t5O
'Samoan Islands 101 46U
Korea 75 S20
.IJntish Columbia 10 41
Totals *4.«e7 S312.Nj3
The exports in June, 1902. exclusive of the
.-thipments to the Hawaiian Islands, were
-f.6,S»00 barrt-1*. valued at $21C,SC3. There Is no
record cf. the trade with the Hawaiian Islands
in that month.
The following table shows the monthly ex
ports during the crop year, commencing July
1. 15^12. er.d trndlng June 30, 1903:
Month — Barrels. Value*.
July 1J«J2 71.O€5 $229.SC5
August 122.4i:i» 3yo.4t>4
PertemNr 1«>.S»*»7 361.533
October 100,502 33o.l«9
Noven-.ber 90. Ml 3.»»,5«2
'^cernbrr 14«,n20 E8U2I3
.'anuary. 1V«O3 35.140 1.10.&03
'Vbruary 44.1SH 182,114
March 73.:i05 316,34»
\pril 32.4»<) 12»,151
. ¦ 81,«K» 214.9<55
84.0C7 312.5ti!>
Totals »o2.1S7 J3.51S.8S7
In I901-C2 the total exports, emitting the
Hawaiian Islands, were 1.0v6,17o barrels,
'. >aVued at $3,420,^55.
: ' " Washington Crop Bulletin.
•• Ti%e report of G. N. Salisbury, section di
•«-«or. United States Weather Bureau, for the
VasMRRton Crop Bulletin, wetk ended July
1. is as foilews:
. ""The weather of the we«k was modfrauly
¦ aoL Khowtrs were frequent and copious, ex
trrt in the central counties and the northern
. i>a.rt of Walla Walla County. In the west
l*rm cour.tie* the rainfall was from one-half to
'•ne and a ha:r inches, and in the «a-?tern
< ountlts from three-tenth? to t-iefct-tentha of
Jin inch. In tbe wcttern districts all oroj-s
' ! ave been benefltt-d, except i-omt- clovrr laid
<um-a by «ht taevrjr rain and v.ir.l. and some
¦ h»Tiies ar.d strawberries damaged by
of moisture. Most of the clover will sprinx
.up again with dry weather. Vegetables and
"root eru;t» received benefit. Potatoes ere !n
Keneral bloom. Oats arc now thriving. In
:b« eastern <31*:r!rt» the eStuation is l»*-»t. in
• Spokane County, end next bf«t in Wh.tmari
' 'ounty. In those two. the «towtn> have be*n
the T.'-t frequer.t acd opportune. Winter
' wheat ha* cont ; .nu"d to iniL>rovfc t althcug'i in
many places it is ihin. headed out short, and
weedy. wh**: hsui also imi>rov<?U.
.;r»d in befimin; to head. In the touthes«t
,«:o«iBtle». while ralnp h^ve l-.«-Ii)ed the crop*,
barley has r.cl <ion«r a» *«-;i as u*ual. ar.d the
«r«p »'ill be below average. In the central
districts, erabrarint much of Douglas. Lincoln
and A'.ar..- -.:.-•- it is feared that tbe
•iprlng wheat crop will be a failure unj«<»
¦ tliere is a copious rainfall within a very short
time. In Y&kima County ihe irrigated crci-s
are doing finely, end the fruit pro«peet is
•plenfild. ThTe ha^ hern considerable cutting
cf clover In the western counf.es. of alfalfa
:n the irrigated e^uon*. anj grain hay in
ihe eoutbrart rT.-ntlet."
M Weather Report.
.120th Mcridsat:— Pacific Time.";
SAN FRANCIFCO. Juiy •>— 5 p. ai.
COAST liECOUD.
g Z K i i Z
STATIONS. ~ i= ?a J§ tr"* f
: S £ i : S
; • • ; • I
Baker 2r>.^<! .-,2 40 NW Ciojdy Tin
Carron 29. si; e,t 4S S near' .<O
Earrka :t'>.os m «s xw <:;car Ou
Tmno St.** R2 54 XV,' C!<.»r .W
Fl«gf=taflr 2*.«.<* kt» 50 S'iV Cloudy A*t
Independence T*.K2 ft* rn w q car " f ( ,
Loa Arjrele«..2!«A2 7« C2 SW Clear <x»
Mt Tama:paIe29.9S C4 44 W Clear <r«
North Head r>2 ...
Phoenix 2&.M 30C M» SW Clf'ar '.rl
Pocateilo 23.72 74 46 W Clear Oi
Portland 2r>.r»» f™ E2 P'.V Cloudy 04
Point Reye*. .2!>.;»O r*4 47 NW Clear <V»
Red Bluff 2S.KS 78 S4 SW Clear 03
Row-bur«r 30. 02 «2 4K few Cioudy .<r«
Racrarrw-nto ..?!<>« 7* tS W Clear* 00
J5a!t Lakt ...2a..V» S>« 7S NW C'.oudy T.
Fan Franci*col2«.?W f,« 50 W CUar* .09
fi. L. Obl*po. .29.02 7'< 44 W Clear .CO
San Dle*o ...23>2 Cx C2 fiW Clear .00
Seattle 1».W» €2 50 \v Clo"J<iy .01
fpokane 2».W) »* 4g ?W Pt Cidy '"»
Tatooch 29.90 fin SO W Clear T.
Walla v^'a!la.2'>.s; r* 4k fe Pt Cl-*y T.
¦\Vtnncrrucca 2»>«", no <v jew f~lo\i<!y on
Yuma 29.^0 lf« 78 S Clear loo
FOU" MONDAY. JULY 6.
Flour, qr »ks 12.75^ Wool, hales .... S3
Wheat, ctls 4.77.'" Pelts. No T»5
Harley. oils O.OSC Hides. No &|S
Oats, ctls 2."2O ?ugar. ctls 1,000
Bean?. ?kn l-TfllSllver. flasks 6
Corn, ctls :;731 Leather, rolls .. 32
Potato?, sks .. 4.S70j\Vlne. jjals 66.025
Onions. »k* 1.1'ftjLlme. bbls 182
Bran, sks 2.000| Paper, rms 051
Middling!-, sks .. 350: Chicory, bis .... 3d
Hay, tons 1.4H2!
Flour, qr sks 4..:^. j Groats, sks 10
Br*n. 8ks l,fiCO[ Potatoes, sks ... 2.40O
• WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 8,050/ Feed, «ks 50
Receipts of Produce.
Silver and Sterling Exchange are a fraction
lower. "'/*"-
Kterllnsr Exchange, aixty days.. — 1 1 STiW,
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 S7%
Sterling Exchange, cables — «»s
New York Exchange. *lght • — UjtJs
New Y rk Kxehange.telegraphic — «.»
Silver, per ounce — 5-.J*
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 41%
Exchange and Bullion.
CHERRIES — Black, 75c per box and 8c per
lb In bulk; Royal Anne, 75igS5c per box; 6©Sc
per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— 5C<8 65c per box or crate; bask
ets from the river, 2&®35c; large Open boxes,
75c®$l; In bulk, $20®30 per ton. . »
PEACHES— 50©65c for small boxes, with
some fancy higher; baskets from the river. 35
6560.
MKLONS — Cantaloupes from Coaehelta. $2 50
ifi." 50 per crate; Watermelons, log\10c each.
GRAPES— Seedless Sultana trum Yuma,
|1@1 25. - -,'¦ ¦:¦'.,-.•
CITRUS FRUITS— Quotations .for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Fancy Navel Oranges,- $1 75<Q2 per fcox; choice.
SI 25@1 50; standards. 50c@$l: Valenclas. S1Q
2 50: Lemons. 75c<g$l for standard, $1 25©l 75
for choice and S2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit.
$1@1 25; Mexican Limes. (5 ootfB; Bananas.
$1 7562 75 per bunch for Central American
and 75c6$l CO for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2&3
per dozen.
With the exception of Cherries, which were
very scarce, all descriptions of small tree
fruits were in ample supply and the mntkft
generally had an easy tone. The river boat*
arrived on time and as receipts from that sec
tion were hf-avy. easier prices ruled on the
wharves for sto-'k in baskets and large open
l"oxes". The canners »<r< still buying Apricots
and ralos of ovorrlrv slrwk were reported he
low the iiU'jtattons. Offerings of Kartlett
Pears renststed chiefly of cull« and windfalls
ami did not attract much attention. Occasion*.!
lots of fancy PCaelMa commanded a premium
iver tlie <iu<uatinns. but the tjenoral run of of
feringJ were of rmall size and poor quality and
moved slowly. R»oelifts of Figs were too
heavy for trie market to absorb and prWs de
clined sharply. Grapes from Yuma were In
excessive supply and. being of poor quality,
met with little Inquiry. Melons were in fair
request at steady E-riees. Two more cars of
Coachella were marketed. Nut
meg Melons from Winters «old at $- 50 per box
and Cantaloupes from the same place at $2 50®
;i per half crate. Berries and Currants con
tinued in free supply and easy for the general
run of ofTerlnss.
Receipts of Oranges have fallen off consider
ably and the market Is gradually cleaning up.
Fancy Lcmorts were in fair request, but the
lower grades were neglected. Mexican Limes
were steady. The Panama steamer arrived
with 427 cases. Bananas were In free supply
and unchanged. Three cars were received from
Central America.
STRAWBERRIES— $5©7 per chest for Long
worths and *ai»;t if>r the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4g7 per chest.
LOOANBERHIES — $1 8»iR2 50 per Chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $2 5O@4 per chest.
OIj'RKANTS — » 1 .'»i4 per chest.
APPLES — 35c@$l 15 per box and 15@25c per
basket: Crabappie*. 50&7.*>c per box.
¦ PEARS— Bartletta. ?1@1 25 per box; Dear
born Seedlings. 40$ 50c per box.
FIGS— Black, 20@40c for single-layer and 50
@75c for .double-layer drawers; white, 25g40c
lor single-layer drawers.
PLUMS — Cherry Plums. 20©25c per drawer
and,40©5flc for large boxes; other Plums. 30@
COc per box or crate. ?
PRUNES — Tragedy. 60@60c per crate and
40<350c per basket; other varieties, 65{?S3c per
crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Central L P. 4% 6 f ac E G &. R. C3 —
Eqt G L Co. 4S — iP F O ft E. «9 69%
Mutual E L. 10% — P F O L Co. 3 3%
Pac G Imp.. 53 54 Btkn G ft E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 56 — U G A E Co. S4% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
6 F G ft E. 68% 69U
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd. — 350
BANKS.
Am Natlonl.125 — Lcn P ft A. 165 —
Anglo-Cal . . — 08 M«r Tr Co. . .200 250
Bank of Cal. — 5tfO Merch Ex... 37% 61
Cal Safe Dp. 142% 160 S F National — —
First Nationl — —
SQ9F SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L.22SO — Sav ft Loaa.lOO —
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.400 800
llutual Sav.. 92% — V Trust Co. 2150 —
P F SaT 600 730
STREET RAILWATS.
California .. — 205 IPrealdlo .... — 45
Peary — 6O I
POWDER.
Giant 73 74 JVigorlt 4% S%
SUGAR.
Hana — — .Kllauea .... 5 8%
Hawaiian .. 40 4-"-i >Iakawe!l ... 23% 25
Honokaa ... 10 ¦ — jOnomea .... 22 23
Mutchlnson . 12% — IPaauhaa ... — 17%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 151 154 Oceanic S Co 7% S
Cal Fruit Co 90 91% Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 100 Pac C Borax. 160 »~ "
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water BS SO
10 Contra Costa Water 60 00
100 Hana Plantation Co ?5
15 Pacific Gas Improvement. ....... 85 00
15 Pacific Gas Improvement 54 5w
75 Pacific Gaa Improvement 54 0<>
200 S F Gas ft Electric Co 72 00
50 8 F Gas & Electric Co 72 RVi
10 S F Gaa &. Electric Co T2 25
25 S F Gaa & Electric Co 71 75
200 S F Gas & Electric Co Tl 00
35 Spring Valley Water ST 25
30 Spring Valley Water 87 00
BCO S F G ft E Co (Trustees' Cert.). 70 00
Street — *
10O Mutual Electric Light 9 75
100 Mutual Electric Light 10 00
70 S F G ft E Co (Trustees' Cert.). 70 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 60 00
50 Giant Powder Con s 30 73 5O
725 Hana Plantation Co 37%
150 Mutual Electric Light 10 29
2CO Mutual Electric Light 10 37%
CO Mutual Electric Light 10 62%
25 Pacific Gas Improvement 54 CO
20 Sprtns Valley Water 87 CO
15 Spring Valley Water 8<J 75
140 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 50
ft S F Gas & Electric Co 71 00
10 S F Gas &. Electric Co 70 87%.
5 S F Gas ft Electric Co 70 00
25 S F Ga» & Electric Co 69 5O
15O S F G ft E Co (Trustees' Cert.). 69 0<»
150 S F G & E Co (Trustees' Cert.). 69 50
10 S F G ft E Co (Trustees' Cert.). 69 62%
35 S F G & E Co. s DO (TroS.Cert.). 69 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
,' : V' Morntns Session.
300 Andes 15| ICO Mexican 1 30
100 Belcher 50 2«X> Ophlr 1 75
300 Belcher 51 3T>O Overman .... 3.H
100 Caledonia 1 40 7C0 Potosl :....;. 2a
5CO Chollar 2R SCO Savage 2O
200 C C & Va ..1 65 2CO Sierra Nrr .. 72
15CO Con NT.... 11 10O Union Con ..1 0«»
10O Hale ft Nor.. 7«$i 80O Yellow J SO
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 50! ICO Hale ft Nor .. 79
100 C C & Va ..1 65! 300 Yellow J .... 85
500 Con Imp ©til 9
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. ' .
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ¦ •¦• ¦
Mornlns Session.
" 200 Cro-wn I* .... 29! 30O Union Con ... 98
70O Mexican 1 301 3OO Union Con ...1 0<>
100 Mexican ...1 27V.I 200 Yellow J ... 77
100 Ophlr 1751 300 Yellow J ... 84
300 Sierra Ner . . ;y
. Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 80, IOO Ophlr 175
600 Caledonia 1 401 COO Overman .... 37
60O Chal Con ... 53 20O Sierra NeT . . 72
10O Chollar 2t> ICO Silver Hill .1 02%
1W> C C ft Va-.l 67% 50 Union Con ...1 (xt
2t)O Crown P 20 10O Yellow J 84
100 Hale ft Nor .. 771 400 Yellow J .... 85
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 8—4 p. m.
Alpha 08 OTiJustiee 14 15
Alta 02 O4lKentuck 05 Ort
Andes 15 ltVLady Wash .. C5
Belcher 50 52 Mexican 1 3O 1 35
Best & Bel.. 2 0O 2 25 (Occidental ... 34 37
Bullion 85 06;Ophlr 1 75 1 8O
Caledonia .. 1 4O 1 43 Overman .... 38 3<*
Challge Con.. 55 BSIPotosl 28 30
Chollar 25 27iSavage 20 21
Confidence ..1 25 1 50Scorplon .... 05 08
Con Cal ft V. 1 60 1 65 'Seg Belcher . 14 15
Con Imperial. 0»» 07!Sierra Nev... 74 75
Con N Y 10 12 Silver Hill ..100 105
Crown Point. 29 3o!St. Louis ... IS 2»
Eureka Con.. — So Syndicate ... — oa
Exchequer ... 02 031 Union Con...l OO 1 O5
Gould & Cur. 42 44 Utah 23 30
Hale ft Nor.. 78 90 Yellow Jack. S3 84>
Julia 02 04i
EGGS— Ranch, lSglDo, with larce white se
lected bringing 20c: store. 15©lL ; c; Eastern.
lCiiSlSc per doz*n. '
IJUTTER — Creamery. first hands. 23*J24c;
tip.lry. ?iti~ic; store Uutter. 17U2UC; Eastern
ladle-packed, 10&20c.
CHEESE— New. Il»iijl2c; Toung America.
12%613c; Eastern, lflU0}Tc; Western, . 12 »ic
p<r rwund.
Chfe.«t remain* J as before quoted.
¦ A rather better movement in Esss at pre
vious, prices was reported, but receipts were
larger and the market was well supplied.
Receipts were 117.20O lbs Butter, lsfts cas«?a
EeK.s and iiO.WiO lbs Cheese.
Butter wap weak yesterday, and while there
was no material decline In the general range
of prices clo.-e buyers oould obtain concessions
from top quotations. Receipts were large, as
r.-il! be seen, while the falling due of three
steamers from Humboldt to-day tended to ren
der trie market weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTT^B July 6.— Clearings. SOI 1,217; bal
anren. $1U1.170.
TACOMA. July ti.— Clearings. *:J46.374; bal
ances ST2.4SG.
rOUTl.AN'D July G. — Clearing*. ?C64,0.0:
balances £5.'>.99!t.
SPOKANE, July «.— Clesilnys, $532,000;
balances, ?30,500. • >
Northern Business.
j NEW YORK, July «.— United Ilallroads of
Kan Francisco bond transactions: 10, COO at
7ti;4c.
UNITKD RAILROADS OF .SAN FRANCISCO
PORTl-.VND. Ore.. July 6.— Wheat— Walla
Walls lbf}!C<c; bluestem. ;«>; valley, 77@'7Sc.
WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA. July- C— Wheat— Steady. Blue
et«m, 82c; club. 7Sc.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON. July tt— L'onfiols. 92 5-184192%:
! silver, 'Jt r «jd: French rentes, \T,t 40c£f07f 70c;
> v.heat cargoes on passage, quiet but steady;
' Engltsli country markets, qul«t but nfeady; im
! ports of wheat Into the United Kingdom.-042.
<i<)O quarters; imports of flour into the United
I Kingdom. .'ijri.COi* barrels: wheat and flour on
i jiafisafre to United Kinsdom. 2,150.000 cjuarters;
I wheat and flour on paf^age to the continent,
i I.WJO.WjO quarters.
1 LIVERPOOL. July 6— WHEAT — Steady,
i No 1 standard California. t:s C'jdSOs "ti;
! srheat in Parii>. guiet: flour In Paris, quiet.
1 COTTON— ti.:><ic.
Foreign Markets.
Nezv York Cotton Market
NEW YORK. July ' 6. — The cotton market
opened firm at an advaniv of 4S10 points, and
closed easy net 12@S4 points loner.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnln* Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c: Fruit Granulated, ?.40e; Beet Granulated
(lUO-lb bans only). 5.30c; Confectioners' A
5.4Cc; Magnolia A. 5c; F.xtra C. 4.90c; Goldei\
C. 4.SCc: "D." 4.7te; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 5O-!b ba«r*.
lOe more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
5.90c: boxes. 6.15c per lb. No orders taken fcr
lew than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
Star, 20%c; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Uocene, 23%c; deodorl2ed Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c: in cases. 23%c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases. lt)t a c; StJ-degre« Gasoline* in
bulk. 21c: in cases. 27%c. .
¦ TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon in cases and
etc In 41 urns and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LHAD — Red Lead. 6&
CVic per lb; White Lead. 6g€%c. according t:
quantity.
BAGS — Grain Bag?, 5@5»ic: San Quentin.
5.5.V: Wool Uag3. 32S35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@
sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6V4C, 6%c and IVyC for
th» three Kiades.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; new Welling
ton $S; Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $6 50; Roslyn.
$7- Cocs Uay, 55 5U; Greta. $7: Walisend.
J7'W)- Richmond. $7 60: Cumberland. ¥13 in
bulk and *14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Fee $1^: Welsh Lump. $U 50; Cannel. $m 30
per ton; Coke. »U 50&13 per ton In bulk and
115 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
js 4? per 2000 lbs and $8 5O per ton. according
to bn*i«cl.
OIL — Linseed. 51c fcr boiled and 49c for raw
ia barreU; cases. 5c more; California Castor
Oil in cases, No..l. 70c; pure. $1 12; Lucol.
40c for boiled and 44c fcr raw in barrel*; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases,
'.tie; China Nut. 07%«?«2c per gallon; pun*
Neatsfcct. In barrels, 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm,
pure, 70c: Whale Oil. natural white, 50353c per
l-allon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 43c; cases. 30c;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 6Sc for Ceylon and &3o
lot Australian-
General Merchandise.
ST. LOUIS. July C. — WOOL — In good de
niiTn- .receipts fair. prices firm. Medium
KrndfM and coniblns. lS'u^l'ic: light fine, lt^
TV heavy ttm* lltHSc: tub washtHl, l»fi20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
; NEW YORK. July »i. — The visible, supply of
• >,'i-a:n Saturday. July 4; a? compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat 13.970,000 bushels; decrease. 1.4W).fOJ
hushels. Coin. 7.218,000 bushels: decrease. 1.
*j51 mi) buslifls. Oats, 4..V.4.O0O bushels; de
crease . "01 000 bushels. Rye, C7'.»,0W bush
els- decrease 'J7.0Ctl bushels. Barley, 44C.O0O
bushels: decrease. 00, (Xw bushel*. «
Visible Grain Supply
NEW TORK. July 6.— The explanation was
offered of the extreme dullness of last Fri
day's etock market that many members who
wanted a holiday on Friday had Ignored the
session of the exchange and had gone away
on vacation trips. This explanation was sup
plemented to-day by the further suggestion
that the members have not yet returned from
their vacations. There Is very little more to
; be said of the day's market, which showed no
larger aggregate of transaction than that of
last Friday. The few members present on the
! floor were almost idle, and the small trading
; among UtemFrlves was Hrtlers and Inconne
i quentlal. There was an aimless drift of prices.
; downward, then upward, and finally yielding,
i makin? th*> closing tone- easy, but the averape
; level was at no time far away from last week's
; closing. Part of the dullne?* was attributable
; to a diversion at F;>eculative interest into
, thf cotton market. Wall etre»-t was reported
I tu hay made important o;>erat!'jri£ in that
; maiket <Jurin«c , the day. putiirjf out short
; lines. nn.J. it was wipjiojtd. contributing to
ihi* sharp break i~ that market. The settling
; of the rail money re.'.c marked the passing DC
; tbe ttmi>crary demand for the July 1 KtUe
| raent. This failed t-» ftlmaiate any demand
! for fund? for Fi>«U!tttl'»n in stocks. «urplies
; of ruorsej- to-Oay are abundant, and therf is
little difficulty In securing tlm<> loans for *hort
I order*, but the derran'i for anything l<»ss than
six months loans is rr«pri»ly roniinal. Kor lojtns
carjymg over tli»» end of thf vear there is an
aotfk-e inquiry, but ima»r« are indisposed tu
put nut toads freely for the longer period.
In view of the r'r<-5ent light demand for money
and the continuing reflux of funJs to the mar
ket, tiie Uay's rumors of further pol'l exports
failed to disturb <=f>ntlmer.t, although the an
t.oi'ncem-r.t of (g.OOCCOCO er-.Kaned was not
irade until »t^r the market closM. liesldf-s
ihf> ::nrma: return of funds for dividend di*
l.uu.m«-nts the *um of $420.<JO<> wa« paid out
hy th-- s-ub-treacury on telegraphic ordera frori
FramUsoo In payment for Klondike gold,
thus marking tii» becinnlac or the inflow trom
that source, which will Ix? a sul>»tantlil in^ans
cf recu|»<>ration for th" ticmestlc money supply
from this time en. The w<-ekly rallro.<i<l traf
flc KUtlstiCS. whUh are compiled at Chkagu.
showed tlie general merchunJUe movement
; ireH tustainod in Kpite of the falling off in the
grain n:ov»ni»m. The very heavy iinmisram
trcnspcitation i* aiven as an important factor
in th*» sustsine-1 railroad traffic of the V\>»t
Tli* regular rej-crts cf rail road earnings also
nvao*- feme Kattfrint ."howings. but tlie onlv
stock to respond appreciably was Norfolk and
\»ert»ro. That roa<J'.« earnings Tor the fourth
*'^k in June showed an increase over the
same pfried of last yetr of $-'5*>.'. > O4, or O» per
cent. A number of voaWg, Southwerterns and
orcat Nurth.-rn s'.to showed larg? increases
in £rf £s earnings. On ihe other hand, the
i.:.d Western report of net earnings
-or May tJiowed a srr.ai: remainder of the In
vre^f-e in sress earnings, owinf to the in
gj*"*» or«ratins ex:rx?r!s<?». and Denver and
Rio Granil<»"» net earning* for the same period
showed a decrease of over 23 per cent The
nay *• ueaknes* in supar -apt presumably du<?
to flif unfjibie market for Its proluct. Smell
ing was weakened by It* strike, and \mal
samated Copper was so!d apparently on doubts
over the trade prusuocts. Advances in Col-
n -T?-°»i el * r ' <i T *' nn «5»<'e Coal were unex
. 7** »*»n«3 1 rcarkrt was excwdlngly dull and
lrr^^ular. Total sales .par value). Sl.lio.dCO.
Inited States 2s advanced per cent, and
Vr.c .,s and o!d * s i; nPr c+nt on th» !a.«t call
NEW TOUK STO«:K LIST
•Stock*— Satr?. Hisrh. Low. Cloise.
Atchison 17.200 <:s.r; (r;^ t -«
At'-hison pfd 4no Vfl', t fri*. n«>u,
K!rT r^o o^u:: 00 £* i£
ranatlian Pacific... 1.40rt 12«% 12* 124 *
Central of N J luO l»»i, i (2 »V. J<?»
Cheji & Ohio 2<>0 SSI, :a«v» .IMi
& Alton.. lOl 26'i •?(Jti -p,
Chi & Alton p.'d ;.;'. w
Chi A G W 2.00<» JOH 19 " m
r-hi a- G w n nfd. cnr» :;r,\ se% :ns;
Chicaco & S V... 000 K0!i lesu 170'
Chi Term ft- Tran riu
Chi T^rm & T pfd •>,
c c c & st Louis 1;;; g 7
Colo Southern 17 14
Colo So 1st pfd II HI." 571^
Colo So 2d - pfd .... .... 27 -
Del & Hudron 200 174 173»4 17.1'i
Del Lack & W 550
DfnvM ARC. If*) ~) 29 2S
I>enver & R G pfd 100 J«1U OT'J S.1
Krie 7..V>0 .".414 .TiHi, :;.i«i
Erie 1st pfd 2.100 fis% 477*54 ?»
Erie 2d pfd 400 57% 58% 57
Ortat Northern pfd ; jto
Hocking Valley .. 4fiO S1«i ST»i gl
llorklnr Val pfd.. 2CO R»% 83^, sg
Illinois Central 400 134H 133 «i i:««4
Iowa Central .... 27%
Iowa Central pfd 4r.1t
Kan«aa City So 2*
Kansas C So pfd 4ZK
Louis A Nashville. ftOOMHH llO=Ji 110%
Manhattan L 600 137 l.VS% 13«%
Met St.Ry 100 122^4 122V» Ii2'4
Minn & St Louis "» 8O
Missouri Pacific .. 8,»00 1O3V4 102H 10«
Mo Kansas A Tex 22 •
SI K & T pfd 49
National R R Mex 20«4
Nat R R Mex pfd 41
New York Central. 600 127% 127 128%
Norfolk A Weitern 2,100 «7 (&% »6*4
Nor 4c West pfd SSVs
Ontario & Western 3OO 25«4 25H 25»»
Pennrylvania J3.800 128 125H 123*4
Plttl C C 4 St L 72
Readlnc 17.300 52Vi 61 \i T>2
R'adtnK 1st pfd 82
Readlnr 2d pfd .. 100 7014 70>4 «»«4
H'.-k Uland Co... C.7i"l 34H 33% 34
Rock Island Co pfd 300 72 72 72
St L & San Fran 71
8 L * 8 F 1st pfd 73
S L & 8 F 2d pfd <nVi
St. Louis 8 W 1OO IS 18 17
Pt L S W pfd flOO .tOU 3RH 30Vi
fit Paul 5.ffV» \SIK 15OH 150%
St Paul pfd *V> 1774 177 177
Southern Pacific .. 2.300 4fl% 49% 4»H
Southern Railway.. «00 24V4 24 23»4
Southern Ry pfd . . ..... 83
Texas & Pacific ... 20 29H 29H 2fl«4
Toledo St L & W 24t4
Tol St L tc XV pfd 43V4
Union Pacific 11.SO0 82K 81% *l%
t'nlon Pacific pfd.. 8S
Waba*h WX> 24»i 24^j 24 Vi
Wabash pfd 2.500 • 44% 44 44
Wheel ft Lake Erie .... 21
Wisconsin Central.. 200 21 20% 2<M4
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 300 42Vi 41% 41%
Express Companies —
Adams .••¦•...•••• «••*• •••• •••• 221
American ...* 168
T'nited States 110
Wells-Farso 190
M Iscel laneous —
Amalicamated Cop.. 33,160' K3% . C2T& 53
Am Car ft F CfiO ¦ SSVi 87»i 3S%
Am C ft F Pfd 100 S9% 89% 89
Amer LInwed Oil.. ..... .... .:.." 10
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. S3
American Loco ... \. ... .."..' 23%
Amer Loco pfd 115 90% »0% K9%
Amer S ft Ref 13.400 • 44V4 43H 44%
Amer B ft Ref pfd.. Xis VI »2% 01%
Amer Sugar Ref... 4S0 Ul ¦ 119% 120% <
New York Stock Market.
j EASTERN MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leas M
pfc r cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8©9c; Cows and Heifers.
7S«c- thin Cows. 405c per lb.
CALVES— 4©5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c: Ewes. 3%03%c per lb
S LAJ!BS- Sprlrtp. $2 30©C 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 110 to 200 lbs. 6ii©eiie ;
under 140 lbs. 5%@tic; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
No further change In quotations is noted.
The local packers are still complaining that too
many small Hogs are coming in and that large
Hors which are wanted, are scarce.
MO DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ar BEEF— 6%©7V4c for Steers and »H0«Hc per
"«ScV email, 909Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 809c; Ewes, 8SSfcc;
Spring. 10@10tfc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8U09He per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.'
ST JOSEPH. Mo.. July «.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 1T.0O; dull. Natives. $3 25@4 (JO: cows
and heifers. $1 75-E4 25; stockers and feeders,
~HOGS-^Heceij>t* 4000; Be lower. Light.
$5 «5ft5 75; good medium and heavy, $3 W@
5 70; bulk or sales. $.V«'>C@o t:6.
| SHEKP— Receipts, 317; dull.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, July 6. — CATTLE — Receipts,
23.000. Including 1500 Texans. Dull and 100
15c lower. Good to prime steers. $4 8005 40;
poor to medium $3 9O©4 C5;' stockers and
feeders ?2 5C04 40; cows. $1 5003 75; heifers.
$2 2504 25; canners. $1 5002 75; bulls, $2W
4- calves, $2 6000; Texas fed steers. $3 25
04 35. - • V
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 29.000; to-morrow,
20,000- left ovfr 4C00. Steady to 5c lower;
closed weak. Mixed and butchers. $5 70©5 90;
good to choice heavy. $5 70O5 «0; rough heavy,
$5 40«5 «5; llRht. $5 7O@3; bulk of sales. $5 C3
05 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16.000. Sheep, strong;
Iamb3 strong. Good to choice wethers. $3 75
©4 25'- fair to choice mixed. 5-T53 75; Western
sheep $2 5004 15: native lambs. *."i 5C@0 40.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Two cars of Western Poultry, all Hens, were
en sals and moved ofr fairly well at good
prices. There was very Uttie domestic stock
on the market end prices of all descriptions
.Mood as previously quot»d. Hare and Rabijjtsi
.wer? in light receipt and unchar.g»nl.
FOrf/TKY— Live Turkeys, nominal; -Geese
P*r pair. $1^/1 f>0; (iosling?. $l<ai ?*>¦• Ducks'
.%•{ 3Gtfj4 f>0 per dozen for old and $4<i5 for
young: Hen?. $4 5C(i«;: young Roosters is«
1O: old aooster». S.Vrj.-. 50; Fryers «5««-
Urollers. $."t ">t««4 for large and yi 5oa:j ro
small: Pigeon*. $1 S«W1 75 per dozen for old
anri f I 75 for squabs.
•,«AM_K^-I|«l)WM, •.- *$1 23Q1 GO per dozen;
Hare, 75ci&$1. ,.\^r .
Poultry and Game,
Vegetables arrived freely and prices tended
downward. Cucumbers. Summer Squash and
Tomatoes in large open boxes were In freri
supply and quoted low^r. Green Peppers from
Stockton were offering freely and sold
by the box .at easier - rates. - Pea*
were scarce and steady, and fresh As
paragus continued to bring good prices. Prices
of Green Corn were well sustained, although
receipts were ample. Offerings of String
Beans were generally of poor quality and pricej
were unsteady. Ur% Plant was In heavy re
ceipt and prices declined sharply.
POTATOES— New, 00cfi$l 50 per ctl for
White. $lgl 25 for Early Rcse and $1 23#
1 40 for Garnet Chiles; old Burbanks from
Oregon. $1 5O#l 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— Red. 33@45c per sack: SUversklns,
eM?7."ie per ctl. ,
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1#1 50 per
*ack: crates from Alameda, $1 7502; from
Antioch. ; Asyarapus, $2 25©2 50 per box
for extra fancy; $1 7."??2 for No. 1 and $101 23
for. No- i.': Green Peas. 3iHc per lb; String
Roans. 3tf?5c prr lb; Wax. ::«3c: Tomatoes, 50
«75c fur small boxes and II 5C@2 for large
boxes from the river; Summer Squash. ,15.?J4(/c
per box for Vacaville and (rf)0S5c for bay- Cab
bage. 7oc per ctl; Carrots. 00@7. r >c per sack-
Cucumbers. > 3S@ 5Cc per box for Marysville and
?t«il 25 for bay; Garlic, 2',ifi3''.c per lb- Dried
Peppers. r»e per lb; Green Peppers, $1J?1 50 pfT
box: Green Okrs.. S0$2Sc per lb; Kgg Plant
507c l-er lb. . ,
Ne«* Potatoes were easier, at lower prices,
receipts being heavy and the carry-over from
Saturday large. The demand from Eastern
points has fallen off greatly, as other States
are supplying the markets that were formerly
purchasing' here. Old Burbanke were steady
and unchanged, the demand fcr seed purposes
beinff active. The Oregon steamer brought
down 2400 sacks. Onions were easy at previ
ous prices.'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • ¦ July. Sept.
Opening C 5% 8 3 H
Clo-slng 6 6ft . 6 3>i
. PARIS. '
Wheat — July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 26 05 22 45
Cloiing 25 05 22 CO
Flour —
Opening S3 70 30 60
Closing • 33 70 30 65
heavily. ,
' G. H. WILLSON. Section Director.
Stockton 80 70 ... Clear
Willows 81 57 ... Clear
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Holllster — Barley turning out well; wheat
filled well; light crop.
Llvermor* — Grain badly shelled out by re
cent hleh winds.
Oloverdaie — Apricots ripening fast.
King City — Grain in mountains and on coast
in good condition and ripening rapidly.
Stockton — Heavy wind doing great damage
to standing grain.
Palermo — New crop much later than last
year.
Naps — Little damage by hot *p*H.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
Hanford— Fruit crop in fine condition; hay
and Brain the same.
Santa Rons — Crop conditions unchanged.
Colu«a — North wind last week did not dam
age wheat and barley a« murfj as first reported.
Willowi— Damage to grain overestimated; 10
per cent will cover los* in county.
Santa Maria — Cool weather favorable for
bean* and beets; barley and oats still yielding
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, lC@20e; dai
ries, 1501t*e; eggs, steady, at mark, cases In
cluded, 13©14^c; cheeae. easy, 10@llV4c. -
Exports of Flour.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 41.100 22.500
Wheat, bushels 55.900 91,800.
Corn, bushels 819,000 l.OOO.ftOO
Oats, bushels: .5S0.0O0 349,200
Rye. bushels ltt.200 17,000
Barley, bushels 100,200 900
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10^c; medium, 9%c: light. 84c; Cow
Hides 8*40 for heavy and 8%o for light:
Stars; 7c: Salted Kip. 8Hc; Salted Veal. 9fc©
lOc^Salted Calf. 10V4c: dry Hides. 17c: dry
kid 14c- dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings,
?iiaiOe each: short wool. 4O«ae5c each; me-
SSmwSSoc: long wool. $1«1 SO each; Horse
Hides salt. *3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
12 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides,
drv $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1
ai 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins
—Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 28c:
dry Central American. 33c Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c; medium,
S5 TAl3>OW— No. 1 rendered. 605 Ko per lb;
No 2. 4H04%c: rrease. 3©4c.
WOOL— Quotations for spring clip ar« aa
follows: Humboldt and Mendocino. 18020c;
Foothlli. frw. 13®16c; do. defective. 11013c;
Northern 14016c, according to condition; Ne
vada 12815c: Ban Joaquln. free. 11013c; do,
defective 9©llc per lb: Southern. 9011c: Val
ley Oregon, fine. 17018c: do, medium. 16017c;
do coarse. 1661«c; do. Lambs'. 15c per pound.
HOPS— 18020c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The market remains about as before, .with
no change in quotations reported.
BEANS — Bayos. $3 6003 70; Pea $3 25;
Butters $3 25; small White. $3 1503 35;
large White, $2 9003 15; Pink. $2 S503 06:
Red. $2 9003: Lima. $3 45@3 50: Red Kid
neys, nominal: Blackeye. $2 50^2 80 per ctl;
Hone Beans. $1 2501 35. '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard". $2 50; Flax. $202 10; Canary. 5 '4 c
for Eastern; Alfalfa. 13014c; Rape, 1^4©
2%c: Timothy. 6c; Hemp. 3U©3fcc per lb:
Millet. S%04c; Broom Corn Seed. $14015 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green. $1 7602 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Cash quotations were as rollows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 77c; No. 3. 75®
78c; No. 2 red, 7(1%® 77 He; No. 2 corn. SO^fi)
Me; No. 2 yellow. 60H®«lHc; No. 2 oats.
4OV4c; No. 2 white. 41c; No. 3 white, 35<??40c;
No. 2 rye. 50c; good feeding barley. 42^44c;
fair to choice malting. 47051c: No. 1 flaxseed.
O7fiO8c: No. 1 Northwestern, $1; mess pork, per
bbl. $15 50015 55; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 10@
8 15; short ribs aides (loose), $5 5505 70; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 801214c; short clear
sides (boxed).- (8 3VA@9; whisky, basis of
high wines. $1 30; clover, contract grade,
$11 50011 75. > ¦¦ :
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22023 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2G@26 50;
jobbing $27@27 50: Cocoanut Cake. $2C@21;
Corn Meal. $27 60@28 50; Cracked Corn.
$28 50^29 50; Mixed Feed. $22#23: Horsa
Beans. $30 per ton.
NEW HAT— Wheat. $10®12 50; Wheat
and Oat, $0 50<§.ll; Oat, $8 50012; Barley,
$S@10 50; Clover $9010; Stock. $7 5003 50;
Alfalfa, $8®10 per ton.
STRAW— 35©60o per bale.
Local millers report more steadiness in Bran.
Middlings and Rolled Barley, with no marked
change in quotations, however.
The Hay market Is weak, with large re
ceipts, those of yesterday being 1432 tons.
Prices remain as before.
BRAN— $24 5C<£25 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27028 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $24®25 per ton.
Hay arid Feedstuffs.
Local gas stocks active and fluctuating.
Wall street stocks irregular and not very active.
Silver and Sterling Exchange fractionally higher.
IVheat futures higher, and the cash grain steady.
Cash and future Barley advanced, with a good demand.
Oats steady, Corn in light supply and Rye quiet.
No further change in Beans and Seeds.
Butter weak, with large receipts. Cheese steady.
Rather more movement in Eggs reported.
Lard lower. Hams and Bacon unchanged.
Lhc and dressed meats as before quoted. •
Two cars of Western Poultry sell oft well.
•Nezc Potatoes in heavy supply and lozcer.
• Fresh Fruits in abundant supply and easy.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet and prices show no material
change. Common are quoted at 4@5^c; prirm?,
5H«5%c: choice. 6c; fancy. 6^J@7^c. *
PRUNES — Spot prunes are steady to flrm,
with the larger sizes showing a hardening ten
dency at quotations ranging from 3c to 7c for
all grades. . •
APRICOTS— Are firm under a moderate Job
bing demand at quotations ranging from 7%c
to 8'ic for choice and from 10c to 12%c for
fancy. ,
PEACHES — Are quiet Choice are quoted at
707 »ic, and fancy at 801O^c.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT— Receipts. 92.MK) bushels; exports,
20;J,0<JO bushels. Spot market was firm. No.
2 r«-d, Si'jc elevator and S3!iJc f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 00? s c f. o. b. afloat;
No 1 hard Manitoba. M%C f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were quiet but generally firm to-day on
decided strenpth in corn, a bullish Ohio State
i'-l"-rt local covering, higher outside markets
ana light offerings. The close showed %&*^c
net advance, July. S.J0VS',ic, closed 8:t«^c; Sep
tember. TU^gWSO^c, closed 80\4c; December,
BOOWftc, closed sO'jic.
HOP&— Dull. Pacific Coast, 1902 crop, 1SH
(9236; I'JOl crop. 14W17c; elds. 5ig0c.
HIDES — Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece. 28®32c.
PKTROLECM — Steady. Renned. quiet.
COFFEE — Epct Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5 3-10c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7'4§Uc. The
market for futures closed quiet at net un
changed prices. Sales, 11, '00 bags. Including:
July, 3.65c: September. 3.80@3.85c; November,
3.959-lc; December, 4.30c: January, 4.35c;
March. 4.45c; April. 4.50c; May. 4.40g4.6Oc.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; 'fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 06 test. Z^ijfS 9-16c; molasses suga*.
2"}iQa%c; refined, quiet; No. «, -4.40c; No. 7,
4.."5c; No. 8. 4.30c; No. 9. 4.25c; No. 10. 4.20c;
No. 11. 4.15c; No. 12. 4.10c; No. 13. 4.05c: No.
14. 4c; cpnfectlcners' A, 4.65c; mold A. 5.05c;
cut loaf. 5.40c; crushed, 5.40c: powdered, 4.90c;
granulated. 4.80c; cube*, 5.05c.
NEW IORK. July P.— FLOUR— Receipts.
ril.«(K> barrels: experts, 'ZS.Wl barrels. Quiet,
but steadier, at oM prices. Winter patents.
S-J lK.'iil 30; winter straights. $U CCiSj.T 8.">; Min
nejwta patents, $4 35@-» «3; v.-int»r extra*.
$2 SH'tj" -"¦): Minnesota TjjiKtys', $¦> ?io<!rt'-l 'to;
winter low gra<!e.«, Vi 7(>&!}.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. July 6. — Spot tin «! 7s Ul
lower in Locdon aa cornt/aied with the quota
tions of last Friday. The present price Is £i:«
10*, while futures were 5s lower at £1^3 12s
«J. Ixtcally tin wa« quiet, but lower, sppt
cles'ng at *27 7S62&
Copper declined 2t< C<i en spot in London,
where lhal position closed at. £5S hf. while fu
tures there were unchanged at £0ti. Locally
c-opper wtis quiet and nominally lower. Lak»
and electrolytic are quoted at $14fil4 25 and
casting at Jl.'t 5O'!il»- <W • • '
Lead declined Is ."'.<J in Rondon to £11 12s 6U.
while hero it was unchanged at $4 12«r-
Spelter advanced t'9 in London, closing at
£2<» 1"f. but wa.«= kffcr her* at $U®0 12^-
Iron closed at 02» *><i in Glasgow and at 4Cs
Cd in Mtddlesboro. Locally iron was nominal
ly unchanged. No. 1 foundry, northern, is
quoted at $13 W.'Ci2U: No. 2 foundry. Northern.
at $1S 50i91U: No. 1 foundry. Southern, and
No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, Jl'-fQia 50.
Warrants are nominal.
New York Grain and Produce.
Anaconda Mln Co . 300 87 84 84
Brooklyn Rap T. . 3.775 68% 67% 67%
Colo Fuel &. Iron.. 2.400 65% 63% 64%
Columbus&H Coal.. 550 17% 17% 17
Consolidated Gas .. 870 192% 191% 192
General Electric ..- 176
Inter Paper 600 15% 15 15
Inter Paper pfd... 384 68 67% 67%
Inter Pump 43%
Inter Pump pfd 75
National' Biscuit }. .... .... 30%
National Lead 16%
North American .. ."•. . ... 84%:
Pacific Mail 27
People's Gas 100 98% 98% 96%
Pressed Steel Car... 000 53% 62% 53
Pressed S C pfd 87
Pullman Pal Car.. 125 210 210 200%
Republic Steel 14% <
Republic Steel pfd. 100 74% 74% 74%
Rubber Goods 22%
Rubber Goods pfd. BOO 79% 79 79
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 600 53% 52% 52%
U S Leather 200 0% 9 9%
U S Leather pfd 85%
U S Rubber 13
U S Rubber pfd.... 200 49Vi 49 49
U S Steel 8.600 80% 30% 30%
U S Steel pfd 1,900 81% 81% 81%
Western Union ... 84%
Total sales 174,500 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. . .106% |L & N Uni 4s 08%
U S ref 2s coup.. 103% Mexican Cent 4«.. 76%
U S 3s reg 107% Mcx Cent l«t Inc. 23
US3j coup 108%!Mlnn & St L 4s. .100
U S new 4s reg.. .13*% Mo. Kans & T 4s 81
V H new 4s coup. 135% Mo, K & T 2ds.. 96%
U S old 4s reg... 110% NYC gen 3%s.. 98
U S old 4s coup. .110^ N J C gen 5s 1£*%
U S 5s reg 102% Nor Pacific 4s 101%
U S 5s coup 102% Nor Pacific 3s... 71%
Atchlson gen 4s.. 100 [Nor & W con 4e. 98%
Atchit-on adj 4s.. 89 Reading gen 4s... 95%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .100% B L & I M con 5s.llO%
Bait A Ohio 3%s. iO'-I'S L & S F 4s.... l>»i>j
B & O conv 4s.. .100% S L Sowestn lets. !U%
Canada So 2ds...lO5% S L Sowestn 2ds. 76
Cent of Ga 5s 104% S A & A P 4s 77
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 73 So Pacific 4s 87%
Che* & Ohio 4%s.lOT5% So Railway r>p...li.ii,
Chgo & Alt 3%s.. 74 |Tex & Pac lsts..H5
C B & Q new 4s. 92 T. St L & W. 4s. 77
C M & S Pgen4s.lO7 Union Pacific 4s..lOO"-i
C & NW con 7s.. 130% U P conv 4s..... 95%
C, R I & P 4s... 101% Wabash lsts 114%
! CCC & S L gen4s. »7% "VVabash 2ds 105%
iheo Term 4s SI Wabash deb B... 71
Colo & So 4s 89 \Vw>t Shore 4s 107%
Den & Rio Gr 4s. 97% W 4c L E 4s..... I»O%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 WIs Cent 4s 89
Erie iren 4s h4 Con Tobacco Is.. 60%
F W & D C iBts.lCW C F *¦ I con 5s.. 87
Hocklng Val 44*. 105 U S Steel 2ds.... 83
I Manhattan 61U Pa con J%s 96%
Rock Island is... 8G%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. \
Adan-js Con lO'Llttle Chief 06
Alice 23, Ontario . ., C CK>
Breece ljlOphlr UtS
Brunswick Coi 03V4jPhoenlx OS
Con-etock Tunnel.. 07 %Potosl 27
Con Cal & Va I oti Savage 5M
Hern Silver 1 uO.BIerra Nevada.... . *i2
| Iron Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con 02'standard 2 DO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Mining —
Call loans 3 Vs^*%! Adventure 4«i
Time loans iH&Slj lAIloues 5%
: Bonds — I Amalgamated ... 52%
| Atchison 4s 38% | Daly West 42 Vi
j Mexican C»i ... 75%{Blngham 2U%
Railroais— | Calumet & Hec..46O
! Atchison 07 -^Centennial 1!*%
I Atchison pfd i»'J«i (Copper Range ..'. 52%
! Boston & Albany .24!) j Dom Coal 102
! Bcstcn * Maine .167 Franklin 8%
i Boston £!^v 142 Isle Royale 7
! N V. N II & H..-1'K) ! Mohawk 4.1>j
i Fltciburg P»<1 ...1"<: J O!d Dora 13%
: I'r.ion Pacific ... Sl'-j.OsceoJa r>ji,i
iiiscellant. u* — j Parrot -'1
i Amer Smjar ll!) s i iQulncy '. . 07
i Am Sugar p.'d 110 '-Santa Fe Cop ... lij
! Am Tel ¦&.- Tel..l!2 j Tamarack VC,
i Dom Iron & S .. 20 ITrimountaln 8»>
; General Kle<- 17U [ Trinity 5%
Mass r:U-o '-<3 |l"nlt'.j ritatea .. 21U
Mass K!<-c pfJ ... fvt'i I'tah 28fa
I.'niied Fruit 103 Victoria 4
r S St»el :!!!% Wlnona 8*i
UlliS sHe*-! uf'i .. St% j Wolverine C7'
: Weftng"."** <-'nm .. 1»2 I
LONDON CLOSING STOCK?.
Con for money... 02% (Norfolk & W .. «7? s
Do for acct.. W'J '.t-ltij Norfolk & W pfd l»J
| Anaconda ¦» Vi Ontario & W ,. 2b
Atrhtson ea^} Pennsylvania ... 0JI-;
i Atchison J>ra Uo'-i Kea.iing 2U%
I Halt & Ohio STi.iK«-«d 1st pfJ +l i t
i Canadian I'ac . .127''j iRfad I'd pf<J :>5Va
; Chf-s & Ohio Ot^JSo Railway "i \<3
i Chicago Q W .. lUJsJSSo Hallway pfu. !»<»Vj
<>!. M & St P..154»alS..» l'aciile ...;.. 5l»", s
Ucnver &. R G.. 21**! Union Vac r. :... s:".«i
Den *.- V. U pfd. KIV^Tnion Pac pfd . 00%
l.; r (e '. ... IWUiU 8 i-te*l :»li s
Krie 1st pf<l «»VU S Hu-el ijfJ... MVi
' Krie I'd yfJ OSijlVTabash 2;>
' Illinois Ceo i:;u- 4 i Wabash r-fd -45
Ix>ul* A Nssh ..!14 ;De HeerB .-. LirV,
j Mo. K & T 22%'Rands 10S
! N Y Central ..Ml .
Bur Silver, ftrrn. 24%d»per ounce. Money. l*i>
I m per cent. The rate of dUcount in the opesi
i market for *hort bills Is 2li per cent, and for
t three menth*' biUi is - : i P« cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LARD — TleTces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half barrels,
pure 10%c: 10-lb tins. ll%e; 5-y> Una. ll%c;
3-lb tins, ll%c
COTTOLE>E — One-half barrel. 8%c; thre«
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. »%c; two tierces.
»%c; five tierces, 9%o per lb.
Chicago was lower on the day. with the trade
bearish as to the future. The Chicago letter
of Bolton, D« Ruyter & Co. said: "Market Js
again dull and easy. The expected July im
provement in demand has not so far appeared
to any appreciable extent. Receipts of hogs
continue liberal and speculative Interest Is
slow. The larger packers are probably hope
ful .of a little better prices, but the price still
looks high to us, and we think a long look
ahead means materially lower prices."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12 He per lb for
heavy,13c for light medium. 15c for light. 13%e
for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and lifts
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams 15c; California Hams. 14Q14%c; Meti
Beef, Sll 60012 per bbl: extra Mess. $129
12 60; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $16;
extra clear. 120; Mesa. $18: Dry Salted Pork.
12 Vic; Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet, $3 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c oer Jb.
The market continues dull and a decline In
Lard went Into effect yesterday. Hams and
Bacon remain unchanged.
Provisions.
"Articles — * Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July (new) 76H 77% 76tf 77%
July (old) 76H 77% 76Vi 77 V»
Sept. (new) 75% 76 75% 75%
Sept. (old) 75H 76% 75* 76%
Corn No. 2 —
July 60% 50% 50 50%
September ..... 60% 61% 50% 51%
December ' 49% 50 . 49 40%
Oats No. 2—
July 39% 40% 30% 40%
September 34% 35 33% 35
December 1 34% 35% 34% 35%
Mesa • Pork per bbl — ¦
July 15 55 15 55 15 50 15 55
September 15 85 15 05 15 77% 15 80
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 8 10 8 15 8 10 8 12%
September 8 37% 8 37% 8 30 8 30
October 8 27% 8 27% 8 20 8 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July ...8 82% 8 82*4 8 67% 8 67%
September 8 85 .8 87% . 8 75 8 75
October 8 62% 8 62% 8 47% 8 47#
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 400
4 65. ; usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 30©
4 40; Oregon and Washington. $3 70®4 per
bbl for Family and «3 70@4 20 for Bakers*.
MILL8TUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3; Rye Meal $2 75; Rice Flour.
$6 50; Corn Meal. $3: extra cream do. $3 75;
Oat Groats, |4 60: Hominy. $3 75®4; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 20#4'60; Cracked "Wheat.
83 60; Farina. $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour.
$3 50: Rolled Oats, barrels, $7@9: In sacks.
$6 50Q8 50; Pearl Barley $8; SpUt Peas,
boxes. $8 60; Green Peas $5 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
RYE— n 10©l 15 per ctl. . -
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per; ctl.
lO^eilc for I XL. 10®10ttc for Ne Plus Ul
tra and SfiSHc for Languedoe; Peanuts. 3®7o
for Eastern; Pecans. 11613c; Cocoanut*,
$4 60©5
HONET— Comb. 12®13%c for bright. U%c
for light amber and 10c for dark; water whlt»
extracted. 6@7%c; light amber extracted. B%«
6c; dark. 464%c
BEESWAX— 2tJ©2Sc per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,— TUESDAY, JUIiY 7, 1903.
September closed with a gain of lVs@l%c at
85c. .• -
Trading In provisions was dull and prices
ruled weaker under selling by outsiders. There
was little support to the market, although the
strength In grains had some effect. September
pork closed 10c lower, lard was oft 10@12Kc
while, ribs were down 15a , ' -
The leading futures ranged a* follows:
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£* J&> £*
AUCTION SJ#E. WEDNESDAY. JULY 9.
1903. at 11 a. m-T ARCADE HORSE MARKET..
327 SUth st. 20 head of young horses: also
lot of heavy work horses, harness, buggies and
wagons. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auction— r.
fe
TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION— 20 head of all-
purpose horses; 40 sets of harness; also a largo
stock of camp, express and peddling wagons.
at 1140 FOLSOM at.. 11 a. m.THE SAN T I? AS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1903.
12
' HELP WANTED~!ltALE---Cn«.
$1 fee. That's all. $1 fee. That's all. $1 fee.
MEN AND WIVES.
15 men and wives for farms, orchards, mines,
private places, etc.. $50, $00 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-U36 Clay st._
HOTEL, lZvUNDRY," RAKERY, BUTCHER
AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
CO cooks, some second, third hands, for ho-
tels, boarding-houses, camps, mines, ranches,
hay, harvest crews, saloons, surveying out-
flt, sawmills, cafes, etc. $80, $70, $6O. $50.
$4(\ $30 and found; chef cook officers' mesa,
mine. $60; 27 waiters, located everywhere,
$50. $40. $30 and found.
46 pot and dish washers, etc. $35 to $20 and
found; 10 bell, elevator boys; porters, pantry.
' glass and silver boys and men, $35, $3o and
$15 and found; 5 bedmaders, city. $30.
12 laundrymen, washers, starchers, distrib-
uters, $18 week. v f
It: boys to learn trades.
Mine chief cook. $70.
For Hundreds of other positions we publish a
free bulletin of labor dally.
1902 We Gave /MURRAY & READY,
45,000 Men Work: 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL.~EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call Bldg. Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN TS-ORK.
500 section hands for Yolo Co.. Mon**rey Co.,
Santa Clara Co. and all oart.» of California
and Nevada. $1 t)O.$l 75 and $2.
NEVADA.
00 teamsters, fence builders, surfacing hands,
steel gang, tunnelmen and pile drivers. $2 to
$3 day. FREE FARE.
CHATSWORTH PARK.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
10 drillers, $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE.
i COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
25 coal miners. $3 to $5 a day.
BIG LUMBER CO.. NORTH. R. R. WORK.
10 tunnelmen. $2 75 a day.
10 laborers and teamsters. $3 to ?2 25 a day:
no discount; no hospital fee; lir.<, climate;
good water. FREE FARE.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and laborers, $35 an.i
board up: ship dally.
1 spool tender. $55 and board*
1 donkey engineer. $30 and board.
2 timber fellers. $55 and board.
4 water bucks, $35 and board.
2 lookouts, $40 and board.
12 men to grade road, $35 and board.
First-class steward for a Pacific liner. $60.
BUTTE COUNTY TO-DAY.
23 team.«ters, $2 5O a day.
21 men to clear right of way. $2 25 a day.
2<i other laborers, $2 25 a day.
FEE $1. FARE $2 TO.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 63 Ihlrd st.
HANDY man about country place, $35 and
found: 3 men and wives, private families,
$40, $50, $75 and found: farmers and wives.
$30 and $40 and found: farmers. $30 and
found; milkers, $35 and found: butter-
maker. $40 and found; milk wagon driver.
$75; stableman for country, $35 and found;
boy for store, $6 week; drayman. $18 to
$22 50 week; brick maker: Jobbing black-
smith. $3 day: 3 blacksmith helpers. $2 and
$2 50 day: shingle sawyer. $65 and found;
drag sawyer, $60 and found; band sawyer.
$80 and found; coopers; 10 miners, $3 day;
laborers for mine, $2 50 day; timberman. $3
day, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
PORTER and choreman for springs, $25 and
found: 3 porters for Institution, $25 and
found: young German to assist about saloon.
$35; cook and wife, small hotel, $60 and
found; hotel cooks, $35 and $50 and found:
night cook, $35 and found: restaurant
porters, dishwashers, hotel and restaurant
waiters, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento at. -
A BOY 15 to 17 years of age for work around
soda fountain; duties easily acquired: steady
position with chance for advancement, $6
week. MRS. M. E. DAY. 331 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG man. reliable, energetic, experi-
enced bookkeeper, to take a position near
Folsom. Ca.1. : applicants must furnish first-
class recommendations; good chance for right
man. Box 1030, Call offlce.
BARBERS — Small shop in wholesale district;
will take partner; liberal arrangements to
first-class workman and steady man. Box
2582, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
BOY wanted. UNITFD STATES LAUNDRY,
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
SHIRT finisher wanted. UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED — Barber with about 1 year's ex] pflri-
ence. 311 £ St.. San Rafael, Cal. •
BOY . to learn plumbing; some experience in
electric work preferred. Box 2526. Call.
SHOEMAKER wanted for second-hand shoee.
Apply 1028 Howard st.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and* help the cook;
$3 week: restaurant. 126 Ninth st
GOOD sewing machine operator to make awn-
Ings and tents. 1130 Mission st.
WANTED — Boy to learn awning and tent
trade; paid while learning. 1139 Mission st.
A CARRIAGE blacksmith at 1168 Mission
st. •
EXPERT wrapper wanted. JOE ROSEN-
BERG. S16 Market st.
WANTED— Locksmith or vise hand. W. H.
i GUTZMAN. 17C0 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
AN elevator boy wanted. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED — A baker's helper. Apply 1550
Church st.
i BARBERS — For sale, good country shop. Call
at 1547 Mission st. -.
WANTED— For the U. a Marine Corps, able-bod-
ied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35; good
character- must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; mantles serve at sea on men-of-war In
all parts of the world, on land In our Island
possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting offlce. 40
, Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222H N. Main
'st., Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen aad.
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at offlce. PlacervUI*. Cal.. or room 14.
_6 Montgomery st.. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
PICK- hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
TR1 our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 cr orthopedic
shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
at.. Examiner building. 8 doors from Market.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Holer System Barber College. 633 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
ru.,8 Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Elderly man: light woodwork and
polishing. Box 1031. Call offlce.
WANTED— Solicitors of ability; rood pay. Call
Wii Adams building. Sutter and Kearny sts.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: cata-
; logue. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
CO QUARRYMEN. 10 rock drillers. $2 and $2 25
a day. 230 Montgomery St.. room 51.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel; 14th ave.
and N St.. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo.H.Thomas Post.O.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
- free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
RUBBER-TIRED wire- wheeled buggies
Wanted to purchase 1 or 2 buggies as above-
must be In good repair. Apply bet. 0 and
. 12 o'clock a. m. Thursday, Occidental Horse
Exchange, Third st. .
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOT, Gon-
s&les, Monterey Co., Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness roust be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 13th and Valencia sts.
TWO business" horses and one camping wagon
for sale; cheap. 7;:g Folsom «t.
SOUND, reliable horse, weight 1100 lbs for
$40. 237S Post st. '
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
827 Sixth st. . -
FOR sal« — :« head .milch cows. JOHN 6_-
•" CREST. Stockton, CaU "
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission it.
HOUSES TjO^LET.
X PRINTED- list of houses to let: send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN <fc CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOW ELL. 25 Po»t at.
HOUSES FUUNISHED — FOR SALE.
ELEGANT new flat. 10 roonss; a snap; no>
agents. Box 1999. Call offlce.
LIVKltY STABLES.
' OMKINSON*S livery stables. 57-3U-61 Minna
St.. bet. 1st and 2d — Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, at Central Ttath,
House, gold watch and chain with locket:
liberal reward; no questions asked. Informa-
tion at Call offlce.
LOST — July 3 on Twenty-second st.. between
Bryant and C & C. Hospital, gray feather
boa; liberal reward. Return 1SS2 McAllister.
LOST — Plain gol.l ring Inscribed Men. 2nd.
18S7; reward. PIKE. 213 Battery st.
LOST— In Oakland, a purse containing $5 green-
back. 4 diamond rings: $50 reward. Return
to 1_21 Linden St.. Oakland.
FEMALE St. Bernard lost June 2S. Telephone
Page C026; liberal reward.
LOST— Boston terrier; white and brlndle:
name Fudge: reward. Return 1524 Broadway.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $2 60. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 729 Post st.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thus specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed : advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st
DR. ROSEN. 2995 Folsom, cor. 26th — Ladles*
exclusive office and home where relief Is ob-
tained In all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ; 25 yrs exper*ncs>.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERbIC
original method of treatment. 1126 Market at.
MATERNITY Villa; strictly private. MrH
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS^ FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. MctN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest charged; It will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1S50.
LJCHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair It with Elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over ol<_
Iron, tin or shingles ; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale at.
A — FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75, Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st,
FOR sale — Showcases and counters. Apply
2200 Flllmore.
MOVING picture film and sonc slides, IC9
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools * chairs, hamtn ocJts.
metal beds, mattresse».J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 0X1 Mkt,
BOILERS, engines. pumps.plpe.beltintr.shaftln?,
pulleys.etc.-SUGARMAN BROS., 549 Howard.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4^3 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanternsv new and 24-hand moving pic-
tures. EULLARD & P.P>ECK. IS! Post st.
31ISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Old pictures of Geor&e Washing-
ton. Jefferson. Adams. Napoieon. eta ; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture: by • mall only. GEO.
L. GOODMAN. 2180 Sutter st., San Francisco.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted: highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.; tel. Red 3932.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY^
601-602-603 Examiner bulldiny.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly. ; "*i '. :
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Too Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. -
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant mn.,
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84d
Market st., tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. C53 Parrott bldg.
A — 1'per cent on funlture cr piano: no removal;
-' no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery at..— a _ 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid., 703 Market: phone Main 818.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 rhelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. .
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery st.. rm. Id.
3% ON furniture £ pianos; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 3. F." Collateral Loaa Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual SaT.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people oa notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED— $7000 on $14.CC0 worth of San
Francisco business property at bv, per cent
Interest: paid monthly. Box las*-. Call.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
3 Chick.rlng 9SS. $37. $1S5
2 Emerson •*>& 'H*
2 Heine * 23 *. »3S5
• 2 Etelnway. small & large upr!ght.$lSA. $3S5
New pianos from $137 up
25 Squares from ......$15 «?
Piano Players, $90 up; rents reduced to $2
up apply oa purchase; installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2-5-237 Geary st.; teL
Main 5744.
8TEINWAY upright, left by» private party.
$166; great bargain. 237 Geary st,
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
A good piano; good for practice $ as
On- a little better: a snap __o
Standard; oak case; splendid order 140
Sterling; mahogany case: $-«0 style.... 24t>
Von; walnut case: fine condition 235
Vose; mahogany case: fine condition.... 245
New pianos, manufacturers' sample_..la
mahogany and walnut: guaranteed 183
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O-FarreU st.
No Branches in San Francisco.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
roeana you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable good* and
easy payment. THE ZE.\O MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at-.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3- Dedal upright plan*
at great lots; leaving city. 020 O'FarrsU St.
HELP WASTED FEMALE Con. /
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School, 143 Stockton St., rm. 13.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN.
GIRL for factory work; good wages; steady
employment; no experience necessary; apply
at once. Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front st.
YOUNG girl assist In housework; 3 in family;
tleep home. 1618 Hayes gt. ;
WANTED — Young ladles to assist on stock.
_AppIy HOLM & NATHAN. 012 Market st.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1S73 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING lOPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY,
32% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DA VIB.
— ___
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for ->en. women and
children. Call or , write B. CLEMKNS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st . San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced bindery Klrls. Apply
6ANB0RN. VAIL & CO., 741 Market »t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
» 1 ELP WAN .TIED— MAlLBj.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main 1191.
SPECIALS— SHIP TO-DAY. "
OREGON— OREGON.
. 12 coal miners, fare paid, $1 ton.
FREE FARE.
20 coal miners; big wages; Oregon.
FREE FARE— FEE $1.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
5C0 section and extra gang men all over the
State — north," east and south — on the different
divisions; call and see us; we'll tell you.
Free Fare — Ship To-day on All Trains.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY— COME SEE HIM.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— FEE $1.
25 teamsters. $75; 25 laborers. $67 50; 1*5
rockmen. $73: 23 woodchoppers and right of
way men, $67 50.
Fee $1 — Boss Here.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY.
12 rough carpenters. Senator Clark's new R.
R. to Riverside; long job; $82 50 and found;
part fare free. • '
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY
TO CASPAR— MENDOCINO COUNTY.
FREE FARE. FEE $1.
200 laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen. $2 to
$2 75 day. FREE FARE
SPECIAL — We want a full night crew for a
large sawmill; see the boss here to-day.
50 • laborers, large mill, Humboldt County,
cheap fare, $35 and found; shingle sawyer.
$65 and found; 2 drag sawyers, $60 and found,
bora here; 10 laborers, mill, north, $40 and
I found, TUOLUMNE COUNTY; 10 laborers,
large mill, $1 o<> fare, $2 day.
10 trackmen, electric railroad, board home.
$2 day.
MINES. ETC.
250 miners, hand work, some 8-hour shifts.
all over State, %2 to $3 day; 2 machinery. Al
Job, $90; 300 laborers, carmen and muckers,
all over. $00 to $75; 2 furnace men, $65; 4
surface laborers, good mine, $32 50 found.
MISCELLANEOUS— FARMS, ETC. ¦
Stonecutter, boss here, $5 day; 3 married la-
borers, factory, $1 75 day; dairyman, Ne-
vada, $10 and found; farmer and wife, north,
$70 found; milker and wife. Colusa County,
$50 found; 5 farmers. $.'J0 found, boss here:
3 milkers,- $35 and $40 found; choreman, $20
and found.
COOKS. ETC.
Cook, 10 boarders, $35 found; cook, survey
outfit, easy job, $40 found; bellboy, hotel,
city; 2 waiters, sawmill, half fare. $30 found;
8 waiters, $25 to $40 found; dishwashers, etc.
Get a list of jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO EMP. AGENTS
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Hello, Grant 1S5.
Shipping day to-day, free fare.
For Caspar Tunnel, Mendoclno County.
For Chatsworth Park. L. A. County.
For Willlts, Mendocino County.
For Marin andxAlameda Counties.
For RyndonJ State Nevada.
For company work, different divisions, Cal.
Machine drillers, tunnelmen, muckers, drill-
ers, tcameters, laborers, extra gangs
.....Wages, $1 70. $2 25. ?2 50, $:;
For Chlco, laborers. $2 25 Fare $2 80
Harvesters, haymakers, farmers, milkers.... '
• • • • $30-$50
farmers and wives, waiters and wlves.$40-$«0
5 milkers, same place, and 1 teamster. $:is
and found: lever man for dredger, $B0 and
found; blacksmith, country shop, $G0 and
found: clerk, country grocery and merchan-
dise, $40 and found; coachman, near city.
$35; hostler, $55; stonemason. Oregon $5
day; cook, mining camp. $70; first and second
It. R.. camp. $100.
%FOR COUNTRY HOTEL AND FREE FARE
1, Third cook. $40; pantryman, $35; 2 dishwash-
ers. $25: mangle boy. $20: lroner who can
flute. $35; 15 cooks. $40-$G0; 4 waiters, $30-
$40; 20 dishwashers, kitchen hands, pantry-
men, porters. $25-$35. and hundreds of others
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agents
429 Bush st.... ......642 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12—
Barman. $50 and found; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $30; portefx who can tend bar
$40; 2 colored waiters. $.12; cook, $70; ' bell-
boys, $20; bell boy. $17 50. .-. ,
A GOOD watchmaker for the country; must
come well recommended: he must understand
optical prescription work and engraving; good
salary to the right man; single man pre-
ferred. Apply at NORDMAN BROS.. 134
Sutter st.. to-day between 12 and 1 o'clock.
WANTED— Steady, reliable Ironworker, famil-
iar with all classes of architectural .iron-
work; steady work for right man. Address
Builders' Iron Works. Stockton. Cal.
WANTED — A young mnn, bright and steady
with experience in fruit and produce business;
good position and advancement to right par-
ty. r Address box 25S0. Call; state wages, etc.
WANTED— Young man who Is a good corre-
spondent; prefer one familiar with mall or-
; der work ; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2568. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay, express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Young man with experience In
keeping. stock: musf have' reference. Apply
HOLM & NATHAN. 612 Market St.
YOUNG man m porter; night work; $8 per
week. 212 O'Farrell nt." , "
YOUNG man ' stenographer and typewriter;
state age; salary; references. ; Box 2576. Call.
BOY with seme experience In feeding wanted
; at printing offlce. 201 Hyde st.
LUNCH, waiter wanted. "21 Mission et.
STEADY -i dishwasher in, small restaurant; $G
per, week; half day Sunday. 2585. Market st.
YOUNG . man (German) to work In > pork and
delicacy ¦ store. Apply 3008 -Sixteenth st. ¦
¦~~~-— - - ¦ ;.- ,'¦ ./ . ¦
COOK In a ' restaurant. 1759& Mission st.
WAITER— Good 'steady man; union house.
007 Kearny sL **>y: '¦ " '
EMPLOYME NT WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Position by lady stenographer; ex-
perienced, able, energetic; $50. Box 1927,
Call offlce. '
JAPANESE young girl wants position at gen-
eral work in small family; speaks good.
Box 2579 Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's- Bazaar. G33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- — MALE.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long expe-
rience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wlBhes a situ-
ation on a private place. Box 2522. Call.
SOBER, reliable man wishes situation in pri-
vate "place; care of horses, garden, etc.;
good references. 417 Kearny st.. room 106.
THOROUGHLY competent man wants position
as porter in wholesale or commission house.
Addrees A. R.. Call offlce, Alameda :
FIRST-CLASS horseshoer and general •black-
smith wants steady Job; state wages. Box
2673. Call.
A YOUNG-man with references wishes a posi-
tion with a responsible firm: cash security
given if required. Box 2575. Call.
BRIGHT young man wishes position in good
business house to work himself up; can fur-
nish best of reference. Box 2573, Call.
GOOD cook wishes a situation, hotel or res-
taurant, or night cook; understands his busi-
ness; city or country. Box 2570. Call.
BLACKSMITH, Al, wants steady job. Address
box -577. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants a position driving single
team; wages $10 week^ Box 2553. Call.
CHINESE first-class cook wants situation;
family of 5; washing. LEE GUNG, 736 Sac-
ramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCli offlce for Call advertisements and
subscrittuns has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla ft.
\ FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT — Bonds paying 5 per cent, free
of taxes; secured by real estate certified by
trust company: interest July and January.
Address I. J. TRUMAN, Call building. San
Francisco.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed: stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list: ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
depaVtmcnt; It will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary St., on
the square.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished; on Sec-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars: 6 rooms. 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$_5 to $15; sunlight all around; open.
FLAT "of 4 rooms to let. 251 Shipley st.;
rent $10. , 1_
$15— SUNNY bay- window flat. 3 rooms and
bath; no children. Key 524 Fell et.
TO LET— Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper: sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
6- ROOM flat. Corner Church and Hancock sts..
near Eighteenth.
FLATS TO LET— FUUNISHED.
NICELY furnished sunny 7-room flat for July
and August: rent very cheap. 1953 Pine st.
FLATS FOR SALE— -FURNISHKIJ.
HANDSOMELY furnished 0-room flat. Inquire
145b Hayes st., near Baker; no dealers.
FURNITURE FOK SALE.
FURNITURE of 7-room house; 830 Sutter St.;
inspection on and after Monday; house to let.
FURNITURE WANTED.
L. AND L. Auction Co.. 1059-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
HELP -FEMALE.
WANTED — 2 institution cooks, $40; first-class
cook for an old people's home, $50; first-
class lroner for springs. $40; laundress for
family $35; general housework for country.
$35; 3' cooks, city. $30; parlor maid. $25; 2
second girls. $25; 4 cooks for ranches, $25;
6 waitresses for resorts, $25, fare paid;
chambermaid and seamstress. $25; 4 nurse-
girls. $25, $15; 2 men and wives, $40, $50;
cook and second girl dairy. $30. $20; 5 wait-
resses for hotels, city. $20. $25; 44 general
housework girls, city and country, good
wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 waitresses, country, $25 and found.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 r»<); positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones, r. 94.
STENOGRAPHER: must be good at figures.
Inquire before 11 a. m., CLABROUGH,
GOLCHER & CO.. 538 Market st.
WANTEI*> — Experienced offlce girl ;i one who
has hail experience in cashiering and adding
machine preferred. Apply MARKS BROS..
1220 Market st.
WANTED — Young lady having had experience
in newspaper advertising and catalogue
work. Apply MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
$20 A HUNDRED writing letters homo. Elec-
tric Remedy Co.. Dept. 101. 235 So. Mlchl-
gan. South Bend, Ind. .
WANTED — Shirt and collar rubbers at Elec-
tric Laundry. 837 Folsom st.
GIRLS wanted to assort fruit; clean work.
Apply 710 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' waists;
steady work; good pay. Konlgsteln, 28 First.
GIRL to cook and do some light housework.
2418 Union st.
WANTED — Girl to mind child and assist; ref-
erences. 1807 Octavia st.
GIRL to assist general housework, plain cook-
ing. 415 Capp st. '
WANTED — A nursegirl; references;, good
home. Apply 2111 Broderick st.. 9 to 1.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework. 1110
Ellis st. ' •¦ .,¦..:-•¦•- -
WANTED — A girl for light housework; no
.cooking. 1800 Laguna st.
GIRL for light house work; sleep home. Inquire
immediately. 402A Francisco, near Powell.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO.,
656 Mission st. . ¦
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists;
- good wages; steady employment. • 656 Mis-
sion St.. I. MAGNIN & CO. ' ' ,;. '
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear; steady position; good wages.' I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission st.
FIRST-CLAES buttonhole makers, also finish-
ers on vests. 230% Ninth St., opp. Clemen-
tina.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van; Ness.
WANTED— Neat, reliable German or. Swedish
girl for second work. . 1918 Jackson St. • ¦ -
GIRL for light housework. Apply, 732 r Treat.
ave.,v bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first ; sts. " ,
TALENTED amateur, performers.- Apply-. at
Cjutes b p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Con;
jIuRRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. .
PHONE MAIN 5S48. PHONE MAIN BS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS. _„,
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME. -
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll 'Give
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden Utah. • All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara,
cnatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana. Oregon.
• San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angtlei. County. Central America,
Arizona? . Willlts . -UkUth.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH, EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helperB. pile drivers, fence
builders drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsttrs. la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiters engineers,
. blacksmiths, etc., $5. $4. $3 50, fl. $- 50 and
Free Fa^re. Free Fare Free Fare.
Everybody Talking. _ rtTT '" 10US t I j£: 9^ifi
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? riv
MURRAY & READY,
634 and C36 Clay st.
SEE GENERAL MANAGER FROM BUTTE
to-day at our offlce; $1 to Butte. that « i all.
165 laborers, teamsters, drillers, muckers,
men to clear right of way, axmen. etc., $75
'"MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay -t.
UNITED STATES SENATOR
CLARK'S NEW GREAT RAILROAD
MANAGER NOW AT OUR <^ FFICE :
65 carpenters, any rough carpenter -can mi
the bill. $105 month, your R. R. fare paid.
Down Among the Orange Groves.
MURRAY & READY. 604-636 Clay st.
GOLD, SILVER,
COPPER AND COAL.
"to 1 ™! quarhies and tonneus.
™**sa_s»iffl_S____fgg
gle, double and machine men. _"" la §« me ":
''""MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
w 5 he?e? C r i s h hVr1 l ndTactbri 1 er t^n e d V f 9 :
mine! ranches, railroad "mps Bawmllls.
woods dredgers, etc.; some shoeing, some
wUhout. $4. %i 60. R $2 B0 a day. many by
the month and found. ,. H
15 coopers, lime barrels, lie and 10c each.
6 carriage painters, $90; 3 helpers on car-
AU-round blacksmith, fare $2 50. 53 day.
Blacksmith, city wagon shop. $J day.
Man to load bricks on cars
2 brick molders, 50c fare, $3 50 a day.
Handy man about machinery, factory. 16c
f y pa/ s** n diiy
Tinner." factory, fare 20c, $3 a day.
Blacksmith, orchard, boss nere. $40 found.
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1. $- _a
and $3 50 day; 4 gardeners.
Teamster, haul wood, $40 and found.
Printer :JOc fare. $10 week.
MURRAY S, READY. B34-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
191 carpenters for all parts of California.
Nevada, Utah, Arizona and Ore_on, $4.
$3 75. $3 50, $3 i!5. $3 a day, many by the
month and found, to build bouses, barns,
sheds, fences, concrete forms ana boxes, re-
pair on ranches, dairies, bridge and ship
builders about mines, sawmills and woofls,
flumes, bench work. Come and see. .
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay st.
155 COAL YOUR OREGON.
155 MINERS. FARE OREGON.
REPAID.
GREAT MINING SYNDICATE IN OREGON.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay st.
BIG BATCH OF JOBS, " _^
On Midnight Mall. Telegraph and Phone.
LOOK CAREFULLY. •_
2 boys, learn uphoUterlns trade, city. ?t> wk.
Helper, dining-room. Government Job, $—>
-Gardener, millionaire's residence, fare $1. $60.
First a-nd second cooks, springs hotel, boss
here, $195.
Blacksmith, city camp. $50.
Head tree teller, fare $2, $50 and found.
Second tree feller, fare $2. $40 and found.
2 boys, learn carriage painting, $4 to $5 wk.
_ brick molders, boss here, fare jCc, *J m>.
Porter, beer hall. $'-0 and found; carriage
painter, $55 and found. -
Walter, mining town, $35 and found.
Cook and dishwasher, Monterey County, $.0
and found. _ , ... -.
56 woods and mill laborers. Eureka, S40 Id.
_ machinists, wine corr.Fany, fure $U 50, $40
and found. __. . , _
Cook. 7 men, ranch. 75c fare, $30 & found.
2 miners. 3 muckers, $S2 CO and $60. fare $1.
SS laborers, board In hotels, 14 miles, *«j0.
25 shingle and bolt makers, free fare, $.15 ra.
Blacksmith, mining company, $C7 50 and fd.
Machine men for drifting mine, south, $.of_
1_ four-horse teamsters, fare $2, $io.
Truckman, also blacksmith and planer man.
country sawmill, free fare, $45, $50 and »j0
and found, boss here.
•2 machinists, one lather, one planer hand,
sawmill, free fare, $50 and found.
Plasterer. $5 50 a day. -
Cook, IS men Eawmill,v$45 and found.
_ teamsters, sawmill company, $oo and fd.
Farmer an<l wife, Shasta County, boss here,
$50 and foirhd.
NEW JOB AT MINE.
B muckers. $00; 5 miners, $75; fare. $4.
! ir>0 tie makers and shlnglo bolt makers.
15j woodchoppers and laggin makers.
Butcher shop. etc.. fare $1. $35 found.
Teamster, light city wagon. $i:5 week
' Edserman, boss here, Sonoma Co., foO & fa.
2 drag 1 shingle sawyer, fare $2. $lio found.
_ teamsters, dray work. $1S to $22 00 week.
Second cook, dishwasher, fare $3, $<5 found.
Porter, city institution; also billiard room
boy, $20 and found.
_ sheep-he ruers, also vaquero, fare $1. $30 fd.
Day and night dray stablemen, city, for
both, $30 week. f>
Butcher, city job, V2 to $15 week.
Cook, camp, boss here, fare $2 60, $60 found.
$5 000, OuO BANKING SYNDICATE.
25 men, among fruits, etc., fare $1 25, $26
12 teamsters, haul hay, etc.. fare $1 25, $40
and found.
Milker, few cows, fare $1 25. $35 and found.
YOUR FARE PAID NORTH.
25 laborers, sawmill company, boss here, $30
to $S0 and found. •
LOOK TO THE NORTH.
25 laborers for a large factory, $75 to $90.
TO OREGON.
20 laborers for a mine, boss here, $75.
Concrete foreman, boas here, $120.
25 laborers, another Oregon Job, $75.
Cook for small mine, Oregon, boss here, $75.
Cook and wife, sawmill, Oregon, free fare,
boss here.
2 handy men. Oregon, fare free, boss here.
ALL TO OREGON.
_T> laborers, sawmill and woods, free fare,
$:« to $85 and found.
Shingle jointer, Qnnom a Co.. $oo and found.
Dishwashers, ,w_lters, porters for springs,
$30, $. r >0, $00 and found.
Blacksmith, ranch. $2 day and found.
By Midnight MURRAY & READY,
Wire and Mall. C34-036 Clay st.
$1 FEE— THAT'S ALL.
FREE FARE TO YOU ALL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
< SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
OWN WORK — Section and extra gangs, all
over the State, Including San Luis Obispu
and Santa Barbara divisions. Ship Morning,
Noon and Night.
Laborers, etc.. all free fare; come and see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-G36 Clay st.
YOUR*FARE PAID
TO C9 SAWMILLS AND WOODS
IN 4 STATES AND 2 TERRITORIES.
, LOCATED — Including all parts of California.
B managers are at our offlce to-day — See
them. ' £65 men wanted.
R. R. FARE FREE. TUOLUMNE CO.
B5 laborers sawmill and woods,' you'll suit,
$60.
YOUR FARE PAID *
TO SAWMILLS. WOODS.
2S6 laborers, located everywhere, you'll suit,
no experience required. $35, $40, $50, $60 and
found; also ISO woodsmen, inillnien of every
description from iwamners to engineers, come
see. up to $175 a month; head and second
chain tenders. OREGON. FREE FARE, $50
$75 found, boss here: ox teamsters, $40 and
found; rip sawyer, $3 50 day; band sawyer
shaper, $4 day and 3 bench men, $3 day;
wood turner. $4 day; log barker, $55 found:
chute builder, $55 found; 3 sticker hands, $4
day.
i TOGETHER
YOU CAN GO NORTH.
3 head. Dolbeer loggers, $90; second circular
saw filer and millwright. $3 50 day; 4 spool
tenders. $00; 2 log leaders. $65; 8 buckers.
$60; 2 pond men, $2 25 day; 2 lumber grad-
ers. $3 day; 20 laborers to pile lumber, $60;
band sawyer, $150; 4 two- horse teamsters
- $00.
NIGHT CREW.
Oiler. $2 25 day; green lumber grader,' $2 50
day; hog deck man, $2 day; setter $3 a day
(.carriage dogger, $2 25 a day; offbearer $2 25
, day;- hogman, $2 day; edgerman, $3 day
: edgerman's helper, $2 day; slab sawyers $2
a day; ~ trimmers, : $2 CO a day; second trim"
mer, $2 day; fireman. $2 25 day.
Board, etc., on above jobs, $15 month; over-
time wages paid. . ..." .- . .
Hundreds of other Sawmill and Woods Men
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
390 LABORERS for all classes of work \Z
cated everywhere, buildings, excavating fae
torlev, mills, etc.. $2, $2 25, $2 50 day and
found; come. see. - v -
95 teamsters, different places, city and coun-
try. $2 25 day. ••¦.-.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
GOING HAYING? ", I ~ ~~~ ""*
GOING HARVESTING?;
GOING FRUIT PICKING?
. . 236 haymakers, located everywhere, ¦ fare
from. 60c. office foe $1. wages $1 50 a day
¦-., and , found ;. no Sunday, work. '''.'¦
I ; 26 hayfleld men, mowers, etc.. $40 and found.
"3«5 farm, ¦- orchard, vineyard hands, $35 fd
\ 98 milkers, different localities, $25, $40 fd. '
, .16 DUtter and cheese makers, $40," $50 found.
• 25 ranch ' teamsters, 4 horses, . $40 and found.
> _U chore men and boys. $35 to $15 & found.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-r-527 Montgomery street-
corner Clay; oRen until 9:30 Pap-
S00 Hayes street: open unt09:3O p. m.
C39 McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Lerl_n street; open until 9:30 p. m.
. 1941 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner^ Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 P. m.
t Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore rtreet; or>en until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. ;
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) JV
EVENING. July 7, at 7:30 o'clock. jC_a
f-tated mwtir.g and M. M. degree. By ""tr
crder of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. '
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No..nO. F. and A. m
M-— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- ~^k.
DAY) EVENING, at 7::JO o'clock. jL_K
LTDWIX L. MEYER. Secretary. *^r
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
II.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- __\_
DAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. /C_X
A. S. HCBBARD. Secretary. /V»
HERMANN Lodge. No. 145. I. O. -«<*«SB^
O. P.— Special meeting \V_ri>- fcj """-Si
NESDAT, July S. 1903. Officers
and member* are hereby notified 'Tiiav^
Thct a special meeting cf above lodge has
been called for WEDNESDAY EVENING.
Jul- S, _t » o'clock, sharp, for the purpose of
the public installation of the officers for the
ensuing term, Memcrlal Hall, third floor I.
•^t». O. F. building. Sojourning brothers are
cordially Invited.
SIEGFRIED COHN. Secretary.
TTJiPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. O. O. <£««-S*».
F. — Installation of officers THIS £*£_ as
. (TfEfDAT) EVENING. Visitors
cordially invited. J. R. MOR- "wow
RISON. R. 6.
NOTICE of meeting. — The regular Quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Cali-
fornia will be held at the banklng-houpe. 400
California street. San Francisco, o_ TUES-
DAY. JuJy 14. 1903. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer books for the transfer of stock will
close en Tuesday. July 7, 1903. at 3 o'clock
p. m.. and will reopen on Wednesday. July
15, at 9 o'clcwk a. m. By order of the board.
• ___. ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEKEBT GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be held at No. 4OO California street, th*
• -banking-house of raid bank. In the City and
County cf San Francisco, State of Califor-
• nla, on WEDNESDAY, the 13th day of July.
1903. at the hour of halt-past three o'clock
in the afternoon of said day, for the pur-
pose of considering and deciding what dis-
. position shall be made of the new or in-
creased capital stock of said bank that may
be authorized by said stockholders on said
day. and of providing how. to whom, when
and at what price and under what conditions
Mid new or Increased capital stock may be
mid, and for the purpose of authorizing and
directing the Board of Directors of said
bank what to do In the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
«s President of the Bank of California.
• Dated July 1. 19C3.
: THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. S. K— t. In Old Stiff Gravel
Mine, near Vallecita. Calaveras County.
Cal.. draining Into Wades Gulch Creek.
which reaches StaniFlaus River, gives notice
rhst a meeting will be held at room 96,
Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal., July
.0, 1903, at 1:30 p. m.
, THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Anl-
. r-_ls will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1903. at 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board cf trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. 5-cTetary.
ADOPTION.
WANTED — For adoption; girl between 2 and
3 years: partial blonde. Address, box 19JS,
Call office.
ASTROLOGY.
Returned — Prof. Raymond; astrology taught:
horoscopes ?a.st by mall if desired. 649 Ellis.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. "
KOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
rm. €11; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.: consultation
tree: no advance charges; call or write; even-
Ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3401.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In merttorl-
ctis cases, divorces, protate and all other law
castt; no fees ia aavance; open every even-
l.-.g. J. M. THURSTON. 813 Market gt-. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :qalck,qulet;
. bo charge without success: established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hale's.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 300-10-11
Clunle blcg- CC3 California st.: tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. C32 Mar-
ket st.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases: cpen evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Markec
U. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kM rt. : consultation free: no ;?» In advance.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1600— SALOON on Fourth; good location: pays
well. EDWARDS, U_ Montgomery, rm. 11.
DESK room; $10~per month. EDWARDS, 131
Montgomery £t., rooms 11-12.
$900 — FIRST-class restaurant; Geary ft., clears
$100 mo. EDWARDS. 131 Moatey.. r. 11.
$450 — FRUIT store: has horee and -.-agon; large
trade. EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery, rm. 11.
FOR quick sales list your property with ED-
WARDS. LSI Montgomery st., roum 11.
THIS is a genuine bargain and worth investi-
gating — J10C0 buys the Cypress Villa, the
best-paying hotel in Han Rafael: splendid
furniture; rent only $G0: long lease If de-
sired. For full particulars. CROKER _c
CO_ r»-al estate agents. 137 Montgomery st..
room 25: also a reataurant for $l»u0; rent
$35, including b rooms; same city.
$1000 — FOR sale or exchange for city real ee-
tate. old lumber, coal tr-ni business- lonx
lease. Proprietor. 2613 Mission st.
flTiGO WILL buy a cigar etore up to date, well
*t«cked; Jong Wte: transfer corner; rent
Kg SO: Cne opportunity. Address M. A.. Call.
DAIRY with everything complete. Including 21
young com and 3 horses, wagons and all the
business for sale. Address or send orders
by mall to GEORGE PANAIOTIS. San Le-
andro. Cal. • • :;• ¦
FOR esle — Corner saloon; two years lease;
good busings at a sacrifice; no agents
Box 1982, Call offlce.
$1CO — GRAND bargain; restaurant; rtnt $20.
3206 California et. .. ¦¦ -
KALOON for sale; cheap If taken before 15th
Inst. Owner. 45 Van Ness a\e.
'BAKERY and delicacy rtore for sale; must be
sold ; owner going away. 715 McAllister tt.
AN outside route for sale. Apply Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and *ul>?crlptlons
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ..has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; bouse for men: rent $140 $4000
rs rooms; south cf Market: rent $100.. 2CC0
24 ruome; corner: part cash; baL easy. 850
11 rooms; pood income; rent $20........ 250
21 rooms; water frcnt; rent $40; lease.. 65u
120 rtxime: rood lease; low rent 6500
67 — ns: apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Xoncy loaned at 1 per cent,
Hclcis. roadhoucee, flats. 6 to 100 rooms.
EITCL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
$3000 — 28 ROOMS; lease 3 years; clears, $260
month outside room; running water all
rooms. EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery, r. 11.
j_2fO— 22 ROOMS elegantly furnished; on
0'Farrell rt. : clears $110 per month; close
In. EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery Ft., r. 11.
S70f»— $20 ROOMS on Fourth et. : rent $40. ED*.
WARDS. 131 Montgomery 6t., room 11.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldss—
Hotel*, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
SUNNY, well furn. cor. flat. 14 rmi; rent $37;
price Xttft 204 Second St.. -pstalrs. ¦
CARrET-BKATING AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice coM, is now^nnt-er-
sally used In caaltarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main C237.
WHEN yon become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 255-357 Teaama st- ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet- beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 229 Guerrero st.: teL Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM St CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carp*t-_*ating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLINS Superior Carpet-beatlnr Works.
S_a Ct-iden Gate ave.; telephone E-Jt 128.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. HARLAND'S prophecies come true;
readings daily. 148 Sixth. Cln;lea_eye..__tOc.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c. 019 McAllister. Come skeptics.
Mlfs. ALICE TOBIAS, 122S Market st.— Circles
Tuesdays and Fridays.8 p. in.: readings dally.
MKS. BAXTER REYNOLDS, circles Tues. and
Frl. 8 p. m.; readings dally. 4C2 Geary st.
KATIE HEL'SKMAXS. test circle Friday even-
ing. 23c; sittings dally. 1000 Harrison st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c: sittings. 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
¦ CL AIR VOY ANTS.
"sZ. CALL AfoNCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. *1- $*••
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no cbarse if 1 fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet- i
heart Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry; In fact. I trill tell you every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. He restores last affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
makes you euicssful and prospsrous, cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m. ; Sundays 2, to 8. 32tt O'Farrell et.. 326.
MME- M. BEKNAKD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third »t.. next Examiner
b'.dg.; *he ree.ls your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
piesent happenings and portrays eventa to oc-
cur m the future: if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or hive do-
rrertlc, love or business troubles, consult this
rreat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
tngs by mail. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et-, cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 3 r- in.: readings by mail ns satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full IKe. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; readings. 25c; will give
full planet reaJlng and answer 3 questions
by mail, SI: when others fail try me: send
<1ate of birth and lock of hair. 402 Frank-
line st.. nr. Grove.; send P. O. money order.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond tight: tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c: gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
ard clairvoyant sitting, tl- 60. 126 Turk at.
MRS. BAEHAM. clairvoyant: come prroored
with question* 798 Van Ness. cor. Eddy;
tel. Sutter 3131.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth si
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 6Cc. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MADAM MARCEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles. 25c; gentr, 60c. 615 Minna st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city,
2G*i Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names^ given; 25c up. 6 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlngs daily. 44S»4 Jeggle st.. bet. 5th and Cth v
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary — All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, buntons.etc.
CO LL E CT 1 : 0 NO F V ICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 65, 916 Market;
tel. Red 618: collections; gen'l law buslnest..
BAD tenants elected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mcntgom ery. rooms 9-10; tel.' 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Ft'RNISHED cottage of 6 rooms and bath to
let cheap. 3933 T~ enty-flfth st. '
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are.
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
mo\-ed from 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg..
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yre. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plate*. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 55c. crowns $2; no
p_m: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; nlllngs.25c.
10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates free.
Kf- York Dentlfts. 9C9 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
U R E SSjklA^v^R^&^S EA MS^TR E S S E - .
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button fz buttonhol* factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. ~ '
IIEALDS SCHOOL , bF^ELECTRicAlT ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER- MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had: In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 Post St.. S.
F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket Ft.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. (50; day and evening sessions.
THE EUrlltz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
et., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. m ech.. sur-
vey, oss.y, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S04. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER echool of shorthand and bookeep-
Icg; enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. B. F. Business College. 1236 Market st.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 42« O'Farrell st. •-'¦
LESSONS given tt Water Color or Oil Palnt-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission jr.r.eth.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr.10th.
I'ittmnn shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $H mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded lfcC3; new 80-paze catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORG_T~Aokl. 421 Post~sT; tel.
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; iur-
nlsbes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese,
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 573_.
RELIABLE Japanese Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 518S.
GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce.i 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable lielp.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., C40 Clay.
EMI'LOYaiENT WANTED — FEMALE."
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly ongagsmentu;
c?n attend to surslcal dressings, rubbings,
bath? and any care the sick uajr require.
Tel. Scott 3151.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing.
Ironing, houfecleanlng: $1 25 and car fare.
MRS. SIEBOLD. 350 Fifth st.
A GOOD willing woman wishes a situation to
do general housework; a good cook 227
Minna st.
REFINED colored girl wishes children to care
for; email or grown; speak some Spanish;
references. 015 Powell st. Phone Black 114.
EXPERIENCED young woman wishes house-
work In American family: good cook. Box
2523. Calt offlce.
NEAT woman wants housework where there
are no small children; good plain cook.
Address box 2509. Call office.
GIRL Just from Norway wants a position as
general houseworker In small family; fast
worker. 1355 Stevenson st.
NEAT young girl desires a position as a sec-
ond girl in a nice family. Call 1110 Harri-
son st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation at
housework and cooking in family; no postals.
1407 Scott st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
Ing housekeeper: neat and reliable. Address
Housekeeper. 1055 Mission st
POSITION wanted by^ rellableS middle-aged
American woman as nurse. Call or address
313 Sutter st.
CITY trained nurse wishes position In physi-
cian's offlce. Box 2572. Call offlce.
YOUNG woman with a child would like posl-
. UoD as housekeeper. 117 Milton _U MRS. C.
£__8n ?/k'
To get summer boarders do not trust to- a sign
Which is put on your barn— for success in that line. .
Place an ad in The Call, which thousands •will read.
And you'll get gjod results from the well-planted seed.
The cost is. so trifling, it's a mere bagatelle,'
And the season's receipts will your bank acount swell.FRIDAT. JL'VY 3.
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
E. A. Heron and Myron T. and Marion B.
Holcomb . to P. E. Bowles, lot on N line j cf
Turk street. 137:6 E of Tolk. E 6S:9 by N
137 :«: $15,000.
Heron- Holcomb Company to same, lot on S
line of Eddy street. 123:0 W of Polk, W «5S:«
by S 137:0: ?10. ¦ ¦
Helena Wannenmacher to Solomon Schloss,
lot on S line of Turk etrcet, 137:0 W of La
guna,»W U5:3 by S 137:«; *1O.
James and Aphra R. West to Carl T. Granz,
lot on W lln*» of Fillmore street, 112:6 N of
Hayes, N 'J5 by W 100: $10.
EstHIa H. Brown to Ada F. Brown, lot on
N line of Eilis street, tX) E of Devlsadero, E
00 by N 75; gift. |
!»lmon D. Stein to Michael D. Stein.' lot on
NE corner of Washington and Lyon streets, E
at:3 by N 102:(*U; $10.
William K. Van Alcn (deceased), by O. Z>.
Baldwin, executor, to Margaret Lynch, lot on
E line of Central avenue, 132:7)<r N of Cali
fornia Htreet. N 25 by E 100; JIKOO.
Same to H. R. Newbau-er. lot on S line of
SacramenW street, 186:5 W of Lyon, W 27 by
S 13*J:7M.: $4000.
Sane to Thomas J. Barry, lot on W line of
Lyon street. 82:7' i S of Sacramento, S 26, W
KKt. S 0:4U; W 14:3*i, N 26:4%, E 14:3%. S
:0%. E 100: *.125O.
¦Alice and Claus B^ckmann to W. H. D?gan,
lot on E line of Maple street. fi« N - of Sacra-
I m^nto, N S1;SM by K 112:6;
Henry D. Barlage to Mary Barlage, lot on
, S line of Clinton street, 252:6 E of Dolores,
. E 25 by S 75: $10.
Edwin and Kate Miles to John II. Schleef,
lot on E line of Valencia utreet, 260 N of
Seventeenth. N 30 by E 70: $10. .
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to John
1>wy«»r, lot on E llm> of Panrhei street, 57. S
of Twentieth. S 28:6 by E 105; $303.
David Condon to Claes V* Llndbers, lot on
N lln* of fixtopnth street. 75 E of Sharon. E
25 by N C5: $10.
Antoine M. M. Furling (Frahm) and I,->ui>!
A. C. Frahm to Anna Frahm 4 wife of Charles),
undivided V» of lot on W lin« of Noe street,
76 N of Fifteenth. N 26 by \V 9«; $10.
Adelaide M. Case to Len D. Owens. -lot on
E line of Mission streot. 40 S «f Twenty-sec
ond. S 40 by E 122:6: $10. •
I.ouls Mctzger. Henry Morgenthau. Pauline
Schoenberg iwife of I/?uls). David and Rosa
Kline. Henrietta Newman. Simon and Fannie
Nordlinger and Leopold Morgenthau to Hulda
and Marcus Goldenson lot on N line of Po
trero («tre«-t. 125 N of Twenty-second. N 25
by W 100; $10
Same to LouUe Pearson (wife of Bernhard>.
lot on W line of Potrero street, 75 N of
Twenty-second. N 50 by W 100; $10.
Joseph A. and Rosle V. Davis to Ellen G.
Hopklnp. lot on W line of Church street. 65
N of Twenty-third. N 25 by W 117:0; gift.
John D. Hopkins to same, same; $1200.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Edith A Clarke, lot on 8 line of Twenty
sixth street, 231 :5 E of Castro. E 50 by S
114; $10.
Sarah Nesbitt to John J. Christian, lot on
S line of Twenty-third street^ 100 V>' of Noe.
W 25 by S 114; $10.
Isabella Fowler (wife of T. W.) and Annie
Jennings . to MAtteo Brocaks lot on S line qf
Filbert street. 114:D E.of Stockton. E 22:9.
by 8 67:6; $10. * \
Same to Domenico Marmlna. lot on S line
of Filbert street. 02 E of Stockton. S 22:9 by'
S «7; $10. '
William B.- and Ada C. Faville to Henry
Meyer ¦ and John Kepner. lot on S line of
Bush street. 52:6 W, of Powell. W 30 by S
112:6: $10. , .
William J. Jr. and Virginia Vanderbllt - to
Herman Oelrichs. lot on NW corner of Powell
and ; Calif orirta streets. W 412:6 by N 275;
Louisa M. Gros to Henry Stem, lot on W
line of Hyde street. 87:6 N of California, N
50 by W 112:6; $10. •
Henry Stern to Eliza Stern, lot on 'W line
of Hyde street. 87:6 N of California. N 25
by W- 112:6; gift.
Henry and Eliza Stern to Mariana Ber
tola lot on W line of Hyde street. 112:6 N
of California. N 25 by W 112:6; $10.
E. A and Elizabeth D. Heron and MyTon T.
and Marlon B. Holcomb to same, lot on S line
of O'Farrell street. S:6 W of Hyde, W. 50 by S
Kate at."- Delavau or Delavan to Ernesto and
Caterino " Carreggio. lot on N line of ¦ Union
¦street 40 E of Jones. E 40 by N 77:0; $6700.
; Gulieppe and • Rasalla Cancllla to Giovanni
and ' Paolo ' Barozzl, ¦ lot • on '¦ W- line of Baunan
street 77:6 8 of Union, also 77:6 W of Dupont,
S 40 by W 60; $10.
Estate of Mary Ely (by Nicholas Ely. admin
istratorV-to Elizabeth Clinton, lot on W corner
of Ecker and Clementina streets, XW. 40 ; by
SW 30- $2000. . - -
Christine Lunborg.to Thomas and Ellen Fin
npcan lot on E. line of De Haro street, 300 N
of Twenty :Mrd. N 25 by E 100; $1500. .
George M.~Rolph to Frank S. Brittain. lot on
E line of Fifth avenue. 275 N of Lake street," N
50 by E 120: $10. '
v Guy "T. and Stella' Wayman to Oscar Hey
roan lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 125 S
of Clement Btreet. S 25 by W 120: $10.. i,. ¦¦
••. Fernando and Julia ; A. ' Nelson to Mary A. '
Mason ' lot on E line of Second avenue, 200 S
of B streeV-S 25 by E 120; $ia - • : ¦¦:'•¦ .
s James ; I. • Hogan " (deceased); by Theresa S. :
* ~' V" ¦'<¦ •••-.' ;¦ -
ALAMEDA, July 6.— B. J. Allbrighfs
barber shop on Encinal avenue, between
Park and Oak streets, was burglarized
last night. Fourteen razors, a pair of
clippers and other articles were stolen.
Entrance to the shop was effected by
forcing a window.
Barber Shop Burglarized.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Richard Kalb, a
seaman. In his will, which was filed for
probate to-<Jay. left a "bright silver dol
lar" to any relative of his who might con
test the right of his wife, Elizabeth Kalb.
to his estate. He died lit sea on June 13
and leaves an estate valued at $423). Mrs.
Kalb. who lives at 1366 Twenty-third ave
nue, asks that she be appointed executrix
ol the will.
Bright Dollar for Relatives.
Eleanor .S. Frreborn (owner) with Thomas
W Butcher (contractor), architect G. • A.
Wright— HmtM-irovinK work, taking down
wall? carpenter work and brick work on X
side of a 2-story warehouse on XW corner of
Filbert and Battery streets, X 137:6. W 275,
S 137 :«, E 275:6: $2124.
Holland A and Mary A. Tuttle to Bertha
Leeders. lot on X line of X street. 32:6 E
of Eleventh avenue. E 50 by X 100; $10.
Bertha Leeders to Martin Els. lot on X line
of X street 32:6 E of Eleventh avenue. E 25
by X 10O; '$10.
Hibernia Savingn/and Loan Society to Peter
Tamony Jot on S line of Marshall street. 177 :«
W of Craut W 52:6. S 100. E 27:6. 3 101:8. E
25 X 206:4?i. block 4. College Homestead;
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Wil
liam H. White, lot In cemetery; $75.
Builders' Contracts.
A. A. Jr. and Florence B. Moore to C Fred
erick Kohl, lot on SW line of Third street. 85
XW of Mission. NW eo by SW 107. excepting
a portion of lot on Opera, alley, <S Inches on
Third street and 9% inches on Opera alley and
of a varying width on Opera alley; $10.
Paul and Clara A. Oakley to Antonla M.
M. Feiling and LouU A. C. Frahm. lot on E
lino of Seventh avenue. 10S:5*i N of Califor
nia street. X 25 by E 120; $10.
Jeremiah Lynch to Mary Clunln. Catherine
Scott and Clara Lynch, lot on E lln» of
Fourth avenue 100 X of Clement street. X.
25 by E 120; gift.
Charlotte S. and William II. McLaughlin to
George W Scott, lot on W line of Second ave
nue, 250 X of Clement. X 25 by A* 120; $10.
Louis A Rondeau to Marko P. Matcovich,
lot on E line of Third avenue. 200 X of Point
Lobos avenue. X 25 by E 120; $950.
Hattie Simon to Albert Meyer, lot on SE cor
ner of Twenty-first avenue and H street, E 120
by S 600; $10.
Albert Meyer to Albert S. Goldsmith, lot on
W line of Twentieth avenue. 225 S of 1\
street. S 50 by W 120: $10.
City Realty Company to Albert Meyer, lot
on E line of Seventh avenue. 145 S of H
street S 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of
Sixth avenue 35 S of Hugo street. S 75 by
E 95- also lot on E line of Sixth avenue. 35 X
of I street X 75 by E C3; also lot on W line
of Fifth avenue. 35 X of I street. X 125. W
1C0 S 5O E 25. S 75 E 05; also lot on ' W
line of Fifth avenue. 85 S of Hugo, S 25 by
W 95; $10.
John and Blanche E. McGaw to Louis Frled-.
lander. lot en S line of Harlan place. 64 W
of Grant avenue. W 1 by S 44; $800.
Martin and Clarindo Cresalia to Giuseppe
Sanguinetti, lot on S line of Union street. 206:3
W of Mason. W 34:4»j by S 137:6; gift.
Clarindo L. Cresalia to same, same; $10.
Louia and Jennie Friedlander to George M.
Mitchell, undivided 49.50 of lot on SW corner
of Grant avenue and Harlan place, S 44 by W
55; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Jo
seph F. Berlnl and Filomena De Larlvlere. lot
on W line of Mission street. 213 S of Thir
teenth. S 00 by W 100; $7400. |
Mary L. F. Eastman to George M. and Ed w.
F. Eastman. lot on W line of Valencia street.
152 S of Sixteenth. 8 30 by W 8S; also prop
erty outside of county; also affidavits by James
M. Haven supporting deed; gift.
Fannie A. Gunn to Lawrence P. Hourthan,
lot on B line of Guerrero street, 02:8 S of
Twentieth, S 23 by E 100; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Mary
A. Burke, lot on SE corner of Twentieth and
Church streets. E 55 by 3 114; $2150.
Margarethe Hedderlch to Carl H. Hedderich.
lot on E line of York street. 104 S of Twenty
third. S 26 by E 10O: gift.
Carl II. Hedderlch to Hugo Strains, same;
$10.
Susan Saunders to Hannah Pearson (wife of
F. O.) lot on E line of Alabama street, 104
N" of Twenty-fourth, X 52 by E 100; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to James
F. Bradley, lot on SE corner of Twenty- fifth
and Bryant streets. E 25 by S 90; $1770. •- •
William and Jane Wallace to Timothy W.
and Mary Ward, lot on E line of Vleksbunc
street. tf5 N of Twenty-third, X 32 :« by li
117:6: $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam D. Chick, lot on X line of Liberty street.
80 E of Church, E 25 by X 114; $925.
Same to Thomas Pennlngton, lot on X line
of Twenty-sixth street, 240 E of Diamond, B
40 by X 114: $10.
Johanna Heenper (Oser) to Charles II. Eg
gebrecht, lot on W line of Baker street, 27:6
S of Turk, W 110 by S 27:6; $10.
Thomas H. and Mary J. Cooper to Chauncey
S. Blair, lot on X line of Sinter street, 60 W
of Lyon, W 25 by X 112:6; $10.
Daniel Einstein to Adelaide M. Case, lot on
W line or Lyon street, 50 N of Pln%, X 23 by
W 100; $1500.
Estate of William K. Van Alen (by O. B.
Baldwin, executor) to Louis Frtedlander. lot
on N line of Sacramento street. 69:11 of Cen
tral avenue, E 50 by X 127:S»4: $10.
Frank J. and Clara Mayhew to John and
Ida M. Chalfant. lot on W line of Clayton
street. 210 X of Frederick, X 25 by W 125; $10.
Hcgan, executrix. to.F. J. Klerce. lot on W
line of Forty-fourth street. 100 N of L. N 25
by W 120; also lot on E line of Forty-fifth
street, ICO N of L. N 25 by B 120; *330.
Albert C. Alken to Alexander Warner, lots 3,
6 and ?. block 15. University Extension Home
stead Association; $£*>.
Edgar R. Bryant administrator of estate
of . Henrietta. F Bryant (deceased) and Berry
man F. Bryant (deceased), by commission, to
same, lot on W line of Glrard street. 10O N of
Silliman, W 240 N 200, E 120. S 100. E 120. a
100. lots 3. 6 and 7. block 15. University Exten
sion Homestead; $2000.
Alexander M. "\Varne» to S. . Duca* Company
(a corporation), lot on SW lino of Girard street.
100 NW of Silliman. SW 240. NW 200. NE 120.
SE 10O. NE 120. SE 100. lots 3, 9 and 7.- block
15. University Extension Homestead;' flO."
James .\ Mitchell to Solomcn Gets, lot on S
corner of Athens street and Persia avenue. SW
150 by SE 200, lots 1 and S, block 74, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. - ¦
Fannie D. Mclllrlach and Effle A. Butter
to Delia Fallon. lot en N line of Golden Gate
avenue. 112:6 W of Lagruna street, W. 25 by
N 1)5; ilO. ¦
Mary J. Smith to Antonio Laiolo. lot on N*
line of Clay street, 215 . B of Flllmore, E 25
by X 127:»ii: $10.
Martha M. McDonald to Thomas J. and EUa
C. Crowley, lot on SW corner of Hayes and
Fillmore streets, S 25 by W 100:3; $10.
George G. and Elizabeth W. Glllesple to Eda
Ickelhelmer (wife of Henry). lot on E line of
DevJsadero street, 125 S of O'Farrell, S 23
by E 80; $10.
Estate of Patrick O'Reilly (deceased) by Al
exander McKay and There.«a O'Reilly, "execu
tors) to H. W. Clark, lot on X line of Post
street, 175 W of Baker. W 25 by X 137 :«;
$3560.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY.. JULY 7, 1903,
13
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
JUST TVHAT TOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA,
Surrounded by Cowers and fruit trees: rear
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath. •
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1*61. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
4-ROOM cottage; lot 60x135— $1600.
6 rooms and bath; sunny and modern; rent,
furnished — $40. ; 'C
1 rooms and bath; lot 60x100; V» block to
cars— 12500. ' -' * •.
T rooms; new; street work done; near ln^
,-.' 13750. ,->
Large lot. 124x179: 2 blocks to Shattuck ave.
and Berkeley station— «*000.
Eunny corner near D wight way. 45x135—
Jl^SO. «, ;_-•;.
10 rooms ana bath; sightly place; new home;
fSSOO. •
Lot 40x125; near station and cars— $3250.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
SAVE CENTS
and learn «>enFe by being your own landlord.
A new 5-roorn cottage with all modern lm-
j provemente, convenient to station and street
| cars; price $2500; email each payment, balance
same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday*. Lorln.
HOW ABOUT THIS?
A new 5-room cottage, bath, patent toilet,
etatiosary tube; in good locality; price $1600;
email cash payment, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
HI? LOSS YOUR GAIN.
Party leaving town wishes to dispose of new
7-room house, strictly up to date, in goed lo-
cality: this is a snap; price $2550; small cash
payment, balance same a- rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Fundaye. . Lorin.
I JSOO — A BERKELEY chicken ranch; 3-room
house; chicken houses, stable, wagon
sheds; lot 90x125. fenced; Vt block from
care ; can sell, on terms.
I 1 13<X>— Handsome well built 5-room house;
hard finished, bath, toilet, high, hard fin-
ished basement; nice lot: snail barn;
close to cars: $300 cart), balance $14 per
month. W. C MORAN. Lorin Station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Station.
FOR lease — Beautiful new 10-room house; plate
windows; lovely hill and marine views; gas;
electricity; best neighborhood. 2433 Warring.
! Alex. Murfiock & Co.. Lorin etation. Berkeley—
Real estate brokers, oTrners, builders, etc.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAIi ESTATE.
BARGAIN— Fruitvale; lot 35x174; nice 5-room
1 home; pantry, bath, hot and cold water, sta-
tionary tubs. 2 large basement rooms, 2
t large chicken houses: all fenced; good order.
6SS Sacramento St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. '
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$350 CAPH, $15 monthly — J-room, neat cottage,
pantry eloseta, outbuildings and 1-room
cottage; lovely arbor overspread with fruit
trees of various kinds, all in fall bearing;
own water supply piped over ground*;
shrubbery and flowers in abundance; 8 lots,
lCCxlXX*; sandy loam soil, all fenced; this
U an ideal home: not far from good school.
electric cars and church; away from fogs
end ccld winds; price in all, $1S5O. Call or
tend for circular, 4U Seventh St.. opp.
Rroadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
II. Z. JONES, owner.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. .
1CC2 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$110 to &3C0 down;. 2-story, comfortable house [
of 6 rooms, bath, gas and modern conven-
ience*: newly painted and papered: lot 50x
150 «note the size); barn and well; one
block from Telegraph ave.: easy monthly
payments; liberal discount will be allowed
for all cash over present mortgage of JlOOu,
O A KLAAD FL'RXITURK FOR SALE.
I FURNITURE gwd and cheap this month! H.
SCHiXLHAAS. 4<»> Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPI.^O.
A NEW apartment house;* furnished and un-
furnifhed rooms; new management; elevator;
hot and cold water. 104U Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower: cut rates now for summer. GOS
3d et.; $5 up; als? beautiful rooms $1 week.
BUCHANAN*. 604 — Two pleasant housekeeping
rooms; pas rpnge; elso alcove FUite, complete.
ELLIS, <i!Jl — Three nicely furnished, sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath; phone.
I FIFTH. Si'I— :: tumi.-hed. -1 beds. $20; 3. $13 50; |
hqusjeiwptosj i. $15; single rooms, $4 up. • j
FOL6OM. 625 — Sunny front suite rooms fur- ;
nisl>efl for light housekeeping, <2 25 weekly. I
FOURTH. 22.T — Nice large room for house-
keeping; also eingie rooms.
GUERRERO. 220— Three sunny nicely furnish-
e<i housekeeping rooms; phone, bath and
F»<= range. j
HERBERT (The)— Sunny apartments for j
housekeeping: gas ranges; just newly fur- '
nUfced. 1530 Polk st. i
HOWARD. 1<HK— 2 sunny, completely furnished i
houseke«»pins rooms.
KEARNY, 1«»4 — 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
$2«; no children. :•''.:.»>
LARKIN. 71<J — One ro«m for housekeeping; gas
Move; single room $5.
| . j
I LINDEN ave.. 3^2 — Two nice, sunny house- |
ke^pinjf rooms; cheap. ¦ ;
MISPI'»N, M3 — Large front room with double
Ixd and Ftove. $5.
MISSION. S4.1 — Two nicely furnished rooms
for houspk'f^inK; nice yard for children.
OAK. 117— Sunny furnished suite*. $12 and $S;
gas range, hot bath, laundry; single $5;
adults.
SACRAMENTO. 13«3 — 1 furnished or 2 unfur-
rished front rooms; new flat.
STOCKTON, 1206— Model housekeeping rooms;
newly furnished; free fas late; sunny; $3
to $12 month. .
SUTTER. 2630 — Sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; light housekeeping; use laun-
dry and bath; no children; rents $0 to $8 mo.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3287— Two furnished rooms;
bay window. Apply 371 Lexington ave.
ROOMS TO LET— Fum. and IJnfurn.
A— ~~~ '
GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT. AUGUST, 1903.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions cf the Grand Army of the Republic
has arranged
With the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY,
1027 !4 MARKET STREET.
To act with the Committee in locating .
visitcrs to the Encampment. In private
rnsidf-nres. boarding and rooming houses.
Householders 'desiring to accommodate visit-
ors are requested to notify, without delay, the
City Room Renting Agency of such accommo-
dations as they have to oCer. None but thor-
oughly respectable houses will be listed, and
the eame will be subject to inspection by a
representative of the Agency, and Jn all
ca«>s must be approved by the G. A. R.
Committee of Management before visitors
will be assigned thereto.
A. A.— ~ ! . ¦ . . ' "
City Room Renting Agency,
- 1027% Market st. Phone Mint 109S
FREE ..i ......' .:...-... FREB
We locate you fre« of charge -
In Rooms with or. without- board.
Housekeeping Rooms, or Hotels. ' .
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. 18 TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUtSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE . IN . EVERY
ROOM; RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH. : .
A^ HOTEL GRAY8TONE. - . '¦
66 GEARY ST.. PHONE BUSH 880. '
CENTRALLY LOCATED; ELEGANT SUITES.
WITH BATH AND SINGLES.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
' llfht housekeeping rooms; open al! night.
AT "Th«- Almonte," 873 Market it.: (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c; 50c, $1. *1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house. open "K night. . -
A LARGE furnished room for. 1 or 2 sentsr"
bath; tunning water; references. 889 Post et. »
«rCSlCAL IXSTRryEVTS — Con.
J?AND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker:
.Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast, 27S O'Farrell;
' . <k;:irul repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
.'jEEFT renting piano In city for S3 per month.
; SCOTT-CL'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 6C0 Hayes st.
BARGAIN; good upright; must be sold at
' once. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
;f"OHMER, Eyrcn Maury pianos. CecUlan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
• 1 1 1 ¦
T. SUPERIOR violins, rithers. eld and new. H.
MULLER. taaker. repairer. Z Latham place
• THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 331 Market St. —
. t?tecfc. Everett. Luflwig and other good pianos.
*. OFFICES ASP iTOUES TO LET.
; STORE with basement, below Kearay st.. $40.
. Owner. 636 Clay tt.
PAUTXERS WAXTED.
$250 — PARTNER 5n real estate office; need en-
-eigelle your.« man: one who can attend to
efflce. Apply 131 Montgomery st.. ream 1L
V PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby sAin.blrthmsrks.
smallpox pitting* and scars scientifically re-
moved without cuttins. massage, electricity or
medicine; special denionetrnUon* this week-
OOl or write DR. L. 'VYII.L1AMS.3~1 Geary.
, MOltPHIN'K. cpiurn and laudanum haLits cured
a't h5me t-y a riainle*e heme treatment; In-
. <!crsed and used by ltauing physicians; corre-
• ependence strictly confidential; in plain, sealed
• Envelope; caM cr write to-day. India Drug
• Cure. 201 Turk £t. ; Bruce D. Klmmls. Mgr.
THE f lar Hair RemMy mton* pray hair, im-
• proves it* i^-owtc; steps Ialling.cure» dandru3
. and itchir.c scalp; no stafsi or btlckinesa;
cleansee fcair; »*«irugKists', hairdressers' ; ac-
«?pt no substitute. StarReine<JyCo..3S<5 Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how pood, is the motto of
. . the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the few:r-£-machine cf to-day, i.
. W. EVAN'S, agest, 1021 Market Et.
VAjtlCOSE vein* and catarrh cure! at home.
! "<-'ali or write for testimonials. DR. WILL-
JAMS CO.. J40 Geary st.. S. F.
"* PHYSICIAN. 15 veers' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
• addrew Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
• . corner Sutter t-l. ; fee moderate.
I5ANCINO Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
£us£ay eveninss at Teutorua Hall. Howara
* rt., near Ninth; management Prof Foster.
•• ELEGANT suns on easy Installment*: T»0 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost, uncalM for suite, overcoats
° end trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market #t.
EH? G. ?. KOORC8 Scientinc Hair Bsstoier;
sure for all dipease* cf scalp. 332 O'Farrell tl.
• ' CTS.; ej»ecimen copy Scientinc Marriage.
• Addres* Scientiac Marriage. «C9 Kearny st.
SUITS to order on installment?. SI oer week.
Neuhaus & Cn., noerch.tallcr*.T27-72v» Market.
.-.".. style* hairdrts?!r.e. i5c: hair g-'-xxis: mani-
• • curing 25c. G. LEDEKER. 123 Stockton st.
iuLOR-MADE tu'.t $7 50; dress pant? $2 50.
Mirfit Ciotti^s Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
• feCPEBFIXOUS hair and rno!es removed by
eiertrlc needle. Dr.iMre.Traverse,1170Markel.
HASQUEBADE uustmiif. rlay books, wigs.
• -our.trv ord^r?. C^LI 'STEIN Jk CO.. 733 Mkt.
• ALKREUI'M'S Egyptian H^nna restores pray
hair tu its r-atur-^l color; $1; at ail dri:gg-ists.
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
tric nwdie. Mrs. & M':«s Eaten. 1110 Sutter.
PAPKRHAXCIXC. PAI.VTIXG. ETC.
liOOSIS papred. *3 50 up; tir.ting. painting.
Karrniann Paint Co.. SIS* Sd rt. : teL Main 413
PHYSIC1AXS AXD glRGEOSS.
. £>R- C. C~ODONXELL— Office and reEidence,
1C21** Market tt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
IlEMOVEI>— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats ail diseases of the human body; for
part four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
ceted at CG7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
bit. TOXO PO CHT. eucce*»or to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures all diseases of. human
by use of berbe and teas. 727 Waehlngton Et.
ELOOD. fkin and rectal diseases a specialty.
• PR. BALL. 1C73S Market ct.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All di»-
. <»e.*«6 fjred by Chinese herhi". 74«-« Clay »t.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY- — FOR SALK.
FOH SALE — Make offer for 6 lots; all level;
•no rradirg nectFyary; a flne location far a
hsnie: close to i?!??ion flectric car: corner
• . Brazil sv*>. and Munich st. ; wili, s«-ll one or
" all. Address A. G. CLAEK. care cf Call
*• ¦• fcuBlness office.
.*. TTIH BT'II.DING OONSTBCCTIOX COMl'A-
. '• NY. r.11-512 Callatchan buil^in?. will buy you
• l . »"lot and build you a house: »mall cash ?-ay-
.¦«n*-nt; fS rier month i^ayF principal and in-
• terest on each JltifjO of balance du?.
WHOLE block cf houses just started rear the
i'ark cn Carl. Cole. EhradT&rarr.asms ave. ;
plans tenrs. prices to t-uit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUXTREE & CO.. 137 Cari Ft.
$1500-^2 NEW fiat* cf 4 and S R. and B.;
' Army St.. tiear Mission; t r i. 410 per month:
• a enap.
flKOO — 2 n»w Hat* of 5 an* 6 R. and B. on
Mission st.. near 2lnh; bal. 554 per irenth.
D. COFFIN A CO.. 1X03 Mission st.
LOT? r.cnh cr south of the rark part-hay-i
by W. J. Gt'XX, M0 California st.
Union building).
NF/W house* and flats on Second! ave. and C
t-x. for ea!e on easy payments: one b'o~k to
HeAUsxer carr; price* to suit you; open.
A ERANCII office for Call advertisements and
t-ubscripticr.s haa been ectablichei at 10&ti Va-
Ificia st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 psg»^, in x\rar';wr. for roslHng. tl \r»T year
HEAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lar.'J«, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue cent free. C SI. WOOSTER CO.. 64«
Market st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
GOOD Oakland i-mperty to exchanire for a
. stock rmrefa. P. C. LASFEN 4c CO.. 46«
Tentn st.. Oakland. Cal. ¦
TVPEWKITEnS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE WRITERS^ We
pell better machines fcr l»ss money than any
house in the city; rentaU (3. Tbe Typewriter ]
Exchar.ge, &3«i Ca':f.:rala; telephone Main 2t>9. I
A FEW good tjpemrtters at $30 tacb; get par- •
; ttculfcra. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et.
• 2t>-HAND type-writers eold. rested, repaired.
• 'Webster Typewriter Ira-pec Co.. 209 Sacsome.
FOR sale ch^ap— One Smith Premier type-
P writer. 1S> Orove st. ,
" ¦"—^ »^— ~— «
LEGAL AOVEBTI«EME.\'T8.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS Estate of J. HARRT
BRENNAN. deceased— Notice is hereby
<iven by the undersigned, administratrix of
the *»tat* of J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
'• ceasci. to the creditors cf and ail persons
bavins claims acalr.st the tail deceased,
to exhibit them with the nec«-ssar7 vouchers
within four months alter the first publica-
tion of this notice to the said administratrix
at the office of A. F. ST. h'URE. room No
1203, Claus Sprecke'.s bulMinc. Kan Fran-
cisco. California, which ealfl office the un-
ierelgned selects as her place of business in
all matters connected ¦ with said estate of J
HARRY BRENNAN. decea»ed. CATIlI
EEINE A. BRENNAN. Administratrix of
the Estate of J. HARRY ERENNAN, de-
ceased. Dated San Francisco, July 3, 1903.
A. F. ET. SURE. Attorney for Estate, Claus
Fpreckels building. Ban Franc! sm.
DIVIDEXD KOTICES.
EAVTNGS snd Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
Et. — The board of directors declared a <UvW
«e&6 fcr tha term ending June 30, 1&03 at
the rate of three and one-quarter <3'- 4 ) per
cest per «t-Tn:m on all deposits, free of
taxes, and payable oa and after July 1, 1903
Dlttdesds not called for are added to and
bear the ttc-.e rate of dividend as th« princi-
pal fresi and after July 3. 1903.
CYRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Gisnt Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 55. of Fifty
cents •:¦ ¦ i per share on the issued capital
stock of the Company has been declared pay-
able at the olfice cf the Company, rooms 202,
2»*4. 206 Hayward Bldg.. San Francisco," oh
July 10th. 1303. Transfer books close July
3rd, st noon. C C. QUINN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— French Savings Bank,
315 -Montgomery st. For the half year end-
,tng June 30. I .">:;. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and one-eighth
<J^m) per cert per annum on all deposits
free cf taxet; payable cn and after 'Wednes-
day. July 1. 1003. CHARLES CARPY, Prea-
ldent; LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ' . ;
rROPOSALG will be received at the Bureau of
bupplles and Accounts. Navy Department.
"MWcgton. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
July .1. 1IXJ3, and publicly opened immediate-
ly thereafter, to furnish at tbe uavy yards.
Mare Ielsnd. C«I.. and Puget Sound, Wash.,
a quantity of electrical supplies, auts. bolts.
co*L lumber, timber floats, metals, rails,
•" rc *Z; t>pe ' plp * flt «Kgs. ice. separators and
"I'wli 0 * locIs - C1 *»k proposals will be fur-
niehed upon application to the navy pay of.
flees San Francisco. Cal. : Seattle, Wash., or
to the Bureau, a. S. KENNY. Paymaster
. General L. S. N. fi-18-03
?-??/?-^. T -?- I f l3T TTT?'] nrl>t and'TJnfiirn.
BURNETT, 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-,
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also furnished.'
CLIFFORD— 2O4 EKis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
EDDY, 210 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms;
private; travelers solicited. ¦
. EDDY, 722 — Newly furnished eunny rooms;
en suite or single. -
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 60c
to $1 BO night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. 784H. nr. 4th— Finely fum. sunny
rooms; bath; all conv. ; homelike; $l.wk. up.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 8ixth — Beautifully
furnished; rooms single or en suite; $1 per
, week up.
. MARKET. 1344, opp. Seventh— Bunny furnished
rooms; central; convenient.
• MILLBRAE House. 359 O'Farrell— New man-
agement; 1st class. J. Collln. late of Avandel.
, O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
, ROYAL Houre, 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'- par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 20; week, $2
to $8; month, *3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 1531 — One large, furnished front room
with private bell and telephone.
TO let — A newly furnished front bay-wlndovr
room in new modern flat, with use of bath:
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.; north
Bide of Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
references. Box 13. Call office. N
TUPK. 416, Reglna— Beautiful sunny suites &
single; latest lmpts; lowest rates in the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; 25c to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator: electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
. VALENCIA. 1232 — 2 sunny housekeeping rms.;
nicely- furnished; gas and bath.
1 VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome -sunny furnished
suites ; double & single rms.; terms moderate.
VAN NESS. 1021— Large, sunny rocm; large
closets; suitable for two; reasonable; other
rooms.
; WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
SSc to $150 night; *2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights free buy; baggage.
ROOMS ASD BOARD.
1 AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel: eunny rooms,
suite or sin trie; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boarding-
huuse; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. S07 California st.— Attractive ln-
< terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
SUNNY furnished rooms with board. $5 week;
private family; gas. bath. 827 Mission st.
THE JOHNSON. 605 OTarrell st. — Sunny
suites and gjncle rooms, with board: refs.
UOOMS WAXTED.
, YOUNG gentleman with references desires tp
rent furnished room with private family,
good location: cottage preferred; state terms. \
R. M.. 512 General Postofflce.
STORAGE AXD WAKEimi'SEW.
A^EMPORIUaTTtorage * Van CoTTfurnlturer
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7-3-
731 Howard et., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
, flee Pest and Powell ft*. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
disc. 333 Golden Gaie ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 810
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 041. . F. \V. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
, St.: tel. Main 1340. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE — The secretary of the San Francisco
j Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
: (fives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been admit-
ted to the asylum on Halght and Laguna
j pts., from Jan. 1 lf>03 to July 1. MM:
i Mabel G. Clark. S yrs. and 10 mos.-; Dora
j M. Campbell. 9 yrs.; Martha Brown. 9 yrs.
4 mos. ; Annie Brown. 7 yr*. 1 mo. ; Christina :
j Christiansen. 15 yrs.; Lulu A. Deahl. 3 yrs. ; :
I I.oui!e Mohr. 7 yrs.; Alice E. Whightman. 11
i yrs. : Annie Goai>sel. 7 yrs. ; Martha Goassel.
i. 5 yrs. ; Dallas R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 mos.: Frank
O. Clark. 5 yrs. 2 mos. : Joseph A. Keenan, 3
yrs. 3 mos. ; James Keenan. ~ yrs. ; Herman
Mohr. 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Albert William Whight-
< man'. 7 yrs.: Albert Caldwell. 2 yrs. 1 mo.-;
! Harold W. Anderson. 3 yrs.: Frederick Goas-
t sel. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenicke. 8 yrs.
! NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
• Orphanage of 520 Lake St.. San Francisco.
! has received the following orphans, half
j orphans and abandoned girls from January
1 l*t to June 30tn. 1903: Charlotte F. Reeves.
¦ sged 11 years; Edith Mackey Johnson. 9
years; Dorothy Campbell. 9 years: Laura Dale
; Ash. 10 years; Irene Jones. 13 years; Maria
Grunn. 6 years; Violet E. Golledge. 13
years; Margaret A. Golledge. 11 years; Mat-
tie E Goode 11 years; Hazel O. Goode, 6
years; Georgle Davis. 2 years; Maud H.
: Brown. 10 years; Elsie H. Brown, 9 year*;
Ida M. Brown. 6 years; Mary Jane Forsats,
i 18 months.
1 ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1, 1902, to Jan. 1.
1003: Raymond Welch, age 5% years; Ruby
Welch, age 4S years; Eileen McGlveny, age
4 years; Esther Frsser, age 4 years.
'¦ SAN FRANCISCO.~July «.— The business here-
tofore owned by BEIDERMAN BROS.,
known as "Pacific Heights Bakery," 2225 I
; Fillmore Rt., has been Fold to-H. Kallscher.
; A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The "Weekly Call,
: l*i pag;i»s. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
! DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
j throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st. _'
1 "^ ™^^^ ™ ™ — "^ — — —
i SEWI.NG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
$15 50 drop-bead oak. guaranteed: second-hand,
$6 to $15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
St.. bet. Sth snd 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch. 285 Geary st. : phone Main 750.
"AUTOMATIC" and ether makes at cut- rates;
reduction on rents and repairs; bought and
j exchanged. Phone Jesslt 3136. 145 f^ith st.
STUTTEKIXG AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't dejay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
William D. L. Held, 28. Uklah. and Ethel
Poage, 25, ISO Ellis Htreet.
Emanwl Levene, 27, 1446 O'Farrell street,
and Jennie Levlnson, 22, 1118. Buchanan street.
Ernest W. Gunther, 32, city, and Gussle
Lillenthal. 22. city.
Harry K. Hedges. 27. 1022 Bush street, and
Cora S. Erdman, 2», Anaheim.
John C. Stoll, 35. 1111 Sutter street, and
Margarette gears, 22. 12» Cedar avenue.
James R. Haglns. .'in. Phoenix, Ariz., and
Mary Gearhnrdt. 3». Sonoma.
Jacob Mosley. 23. 8$«3 Illinois street, and
Jessie Taylor, 25, 1220 Vermont street.
Glocomo Parodi, 21, 405 Union street, and
Rosle Lagomarsino, 25. 4 Varennes street.
Francis LyU., 34. 125 Austin avenue, and
Caroline M. McEntee.' 34. 711 »4 Tehama street.
D»mlel F. Leahy. 21. 1028 Treat avenue, and
Julia Flynn. 21.. 968 Hayes street.
Emile Hlrschberg, 36. 420H Post street, and
Gussie C. Soderer, 30. 420V4 Post street.
William C. Litle. 24, Reading, and Rosa Y.
Mills. 24. Anderson. t
William E. Deegan. 27, Stockton, and Del-
flna swindle, 21, Stockton.
Manurl Eilva, 31. Petaluma, and Mary Ma-
chada. 18. city.
Harry L. Ilanton, 25. Alameda, ' and Emily
A. Colldewelch, 21. Livermore.
Bartefemeo Atoboni, 32. 12 San Antonio
street, and Virginia Toso, 19. 10^ San Anto-
nio street.
Edward F. Whelden, 26, 1351 Webster Btreet.
and Maud E. Dart. 19, southeast corner of
Larkln and O'Farrell streets. .
Fred M. Arata. 24, 010 Vallejo street, and
Amelia V. Barblebri, 22, 754 Brannan street.
Leo II. Gonvales, 24, 851 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Caroline H. Schneider, 19, 3Xft Hayes.
BlETHS-MAKRIAGES-JEATHSlv
Birth, marriage and death notices' sent' by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and <be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tbe same published. '
B0EN. V
ELLINGWOOD— In this city, June 27, 1903, to
the wife of A. W. Ell Ing wood, a daughter.
GOSLINER— In this city, June 21, 1003,' to the
wife of T. J. Gosliner, a . son. *t9Ms}fgiQJ9tg
H1NRICHSEN— In this city, to the wife of H.
Hlnrlchsen, ¦> a daughter. ... '. ;•
NIELSEN — In Alameda. June 7, 1903. . to the
wife of Captain Nielsen, a daughter.
SILVA— In this city. June 26, 1903, to the wife
.•of Samuel Silva. a son.. ...'*•• ;. :
MABBIED.
BELLIS— THOMAS-^In . this city,' June 23.-
¦ 1903, by the ; Rev. C ' H.\ Stevens , of - the
Fourth Congregational . Church, : John O.' Bel-
- Its and Daisy, E. Thomas, both of San Fran-'
citco. , •,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Nome and \
St. Michael
THE Al FAST
S. S. "St. Paul"
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carrying U. S. Mails)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
On Saturday, July 11—2 p. m.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
ALL BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Boats for
ALL KOYUKUK. TANANA and YUKON-
RIVER POINTS.
,For Freight and Passage Apply to -
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
645 Market St., San Francisco.
American xjars. .
New York— Southampton — London. .
Philada.July 15, 10 am) New Yor.Aug 5. 10 am
St. Paul. July 22. 10 amIPhllada.Aug. 12. 10 am
ATX ANTIC TBAUSPOBT J.IHE.
- 9T«w York — london.
Mln'ha.Jul. 11. H:30 am| Mln'tnka. July 25. 6 am
Mesaba.-July IS. 9 amlMinn.Aug. 1. 11:30 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION T.iwiy. ' ;
•Boston — -Queens town— Liverpool.
New England July 91 New England... Aug. 6
Mayflower . . . .July 16l Mayflower. Aug. 13
Commonw.ealtb.July- 30* wOmmon wealth. Aug.' 27
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada July 18[Domlnion Aug. 1
Kensington.... July 25! Southwark Aug.- 8
Boston MEDITEBEAHEAIT Service.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naplss, Genoa. -
Vancouver Sat. July 18. Aug. 29. Oct. 10
Cambroman..:.Sat.. Aug. 8. Sept. 19, Oct. 31
HOLLAND AMKBICA LISTS. "V
Hew York — Botterdam, via Boulogne.
' Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.'
Xoordam .....July 15 1 Potsdam '.......Aug. 5
Rotterdam ...July 29'Statendam ....Aug. lx
ke» stab T.nrc.
KcwTort— Antwerp— Paris.
; Zeeland.July-11, 10 am) Vadr'i J.July 23. 10 am
' Finland. July. 18. 10 am' Krnland.Aug; 1. .10 am
WHITS STAB 1.IHE.
Hew Toxic— Qneenitown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arabic... July. 10. 6 am (Victorian. July 21. Sam
'Germanic. July 15. noonj MaJestlc.July 22. noon
CedricJuly 17.10:30 ami Celtic. July 24, 6 pm
C.-D-. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacific Coast.
: 21 Post st., San Francisco.
STATEMENT^
— tO? THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
py TMJB ¦*
CONNECTICUT
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THB STATE OF CON-
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for tha year ending oa that
day, as made by the Insurance Commissioner
of the State ot California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 810 and 811 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank turnlshsd by
tha Commissioner.
¦ CAPITAL."
Amount ot Capital Stock paid up
In Cash ...41,000.000 09
ASSETS. * s "'\r'
Real Estate owned by Company.. $144,990 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 1.315.930 00
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.720,590 00
Cash. In Company's OfSce... ..... 263 04
Cub in Banks 281.900 S3
Premiums in do* Course of Collec-
tion . 234,672 03
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken tar. Fire- and Marina Risks 4.454 89
Total Autts .— 14.734.781 33
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid , $88,561 W
Losses In Process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 143.003 63
losses resisted. Including expense* 29.3S0 49
Gross premiums on Fire Risk*.
running one year or less. $1,717.-
' 022 01; re-Insurance CO per cent. ' 823,511 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks.
runninr mar* than on* yeax,
$*> €80 894 M; ro-ln*arancs pro
ra'ta .' 1.443.674 6t
Total Liabilities .. J2.532.13d C«
INCOME.
Net cash actually, recstred for Fire
premiums •--•- 13.893.204 2S
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages \'\XZ11"V * 2 > 0M *f
Received for Interest and dlrldeads
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans, and
from all other sources 103.007 55
Received 'for Rents .............. S.S74 SO
Received for profit on Sals or Led- ¦
gtr Assets •". 8,sH« 9*
Total Income $3.373.009 BO
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flr» Losses
(including $234,847 T3. losses oC - -
previous years) $1,411,830 64
Dividends to Stockholders- ....**.. 100.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage --• • M3.O20 74
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, darks, etc. 174.435 4J
. paid for State. National and Local . ¦¦
taxes •• •¦• W.910T9
All other payments and expendl-
tures 17X563 00
Total Expenditures $2.505^559 8O
% -.b--:- ¦'*,-.¦- rTreT '
Losses lncarr»d daring th« year... $1.363.557 M
Risks and Premiums. rFtre- Risks. Premiums."
Net araouct of Risks
Sr 1 ? .? - B .^f. *' C43.537.002 $3,242,820 33
Net amount ot Risks
y'eaTf .f.^f..^ 213.077.671 2.883.M4 63
*&££?*? J£Z\ 3«X832.348 4.39T.4M 8O
~~~~~~~- J. D BROWSE. Prest.
CHARLES R. BTJRT. Bsey.
. Subscribed and sworn to before- m«. this 3d
<Uj ot January. »0J r
Notary Publia.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
Manager Pacific Department.
COLIN M. BOYD,
Agent for San Francisco,
41 1 California St.
L- I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
J^TcT7 t>i v Steamers leave San Fraa-
/S>SJ*-<Cj^ ' clseo as follows:
AS^- XvV For Ketchlkan. Jnneau.
Av/TOfMU|» \j\ Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
I I \vLK2k I I m - July 10 - 15 - 30 -
I I \«5kj£*/ I August 4. Chanjre to com-
\*\ Vi^ pany's steamers at Seattle.
VJ-v'xiy For Vtcton*. Vancouver.
>3£fl 5jiJ>^ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11
a. m.. July. 10. 15. 20. 2S. ?.n. Auarust 4. Changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacom* to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Huaiboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July 9. 15. 2t.-27. Ausrust 2; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12. IS. 24. 30. Aurost 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa. Barbara — Sant*
Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. ra.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles i via San Pedro and Kast
Pan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mo^i-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa ¦
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8. 1£ 24. August L
For Kn.«enada. Majrdalena Bay. San Jose <1-l
Cabo. Altata. La Pax. Santa. Rosalia. Guaymas
(Slex.). 10 a. m. July 0.
For further Information obtain folder.
RUht Is reserved to change steamers or salT-
inier dates.
TICFVT O'TICES — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and*
Broadway wharf. . - .
Freight Office. 10 Market street ' . :
C. D. DCNANN. General Passenger Agent.
. IK 10 Market St.. San Francisco*
6. /?. & TV. co;
"Columbia" satis June 22. July 2.- 13: 22.
"George W.- Elder" calls Jun« 27. July 7/ 17.
27. Only steamship lin« to PORTLAND, OR.,
and short rail line from Portland to all point*
'East. Through tickets to all points, all rail or
steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets lnclads berth and mesis.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 s. m. S.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dwpt.. 1 Montgom-
ery St.: C. CLDTFORD. Gen. Agt. JTt. Dept. 3
Montgomery st. .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORDSNTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will l?av« wharf, corner First aniJ
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HON'GKONO. calling at Kobe (Hloga).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and eonnectlns as
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc N» '
cargo received on board on Cay of sailing.
8. S. HONGKONG MARU
...Tuesday. July 7. 1903
S. 8. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July 31. 1903
S. B. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 28,1303
VIA Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ageat.
ffamburg-/lmerican.
Tor PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
i Twia-8*rnr Exjrtss ana Fnieagv S«r»ie«.
F. Bismarck.... July 16 Moltke. Aug. «
PatrlcU July IS Walderses- An*, s
Bluecher July 23 Palatia ....... Aug. IS
Pretoria Aug. 1 Bluecher Ang. 20
HAMBCaa-AMESICAS LDIS. 37 ffw»y. H. T.
HERZOO & CO., 401 California st.. Gen. Agts.
¦yrT.T.A rOSTTEWAY— Pirat-clsst retort;
Santa Crux Mts.; hotel, cottages: croquet,
tennis, billiards; bowling, amusement hall;
electric lights: table first class; $m to $14;
rhone- campers' return tickets. $2 50: drcu-
lars. J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. CaL- >
Occanies.s.10. sasss
SS MAR1POSA, for Tahiti. July 10. 11 a. m
3S* SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July 11 2 p. m.
S" ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 25, 11 a. m.
Fr#tu2a323«rWSL.?2r!j.7.PicfelL ...
; /* *' ' ' * '
C0XFA9 HIS eXVZSALZ TKA53ATLASTI Wl ..
DIRECT iLJNE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -jup^w : '
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. •¦eaflSfe*
North River, foot of Morton strset. ¦ - . — •:.¦
First-class to Harre. $70 and opward. , Sec
or.d-class to Havre. $15 and ¦ upward. . GEN- '
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson' building).
New York. J~ F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avents*. San Frandaco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. '
Jgsjs XsUad and Vallsjo Steamsr^.
Steamer GEN. FBISBIE or MCNTICElLo
-^8:45 a. ra.. 3:13 and 9:30 p. m.. ex. Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. ra. Leaves Vallejo. I
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday." Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. ;T»1-.--
Main' 1503. - Pier 2. Missloa-st. dock. HATCH
BEOS.
COONE— PIERCE— In this city, July 4, 1903,
by tbe Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. Charles K.
Coone and Tokle L. ' Pierce, both of Ban
•- Francisco. : ¦
GOSLIN— FENNER— In this city, July 4,
1003, by the Rev. A. C. . Bane, pastor " of
Howard-street Methodist > Church; Walter
j Howard Gcsllng and Flora Lue Fenner, both
of San Francisco. . ; ¦
HAGINS-^GEARHART— In this city, July 6.
1903, at Central Church, by. the Rev.. Arthur
H. Brlggs, James R. Haglns of .Phoenix,
Arji.. and' Mary E. Gearhart of Sonoma. » .
McNAMARA— FOLEY— In this city, June 30.
1903. • at St. Brigid's Church, by the Rer.
Father " McAuliffe, • James T. McXamara of
Sacramento and Florence? R. Foley- of San
Francisco. . ¦»* ¦' • •
WESTPHAL — HOWELL-In this city. July 4.
1903. by the Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of
Howard-street* Methodist Church; John W.
Weetphal and Grace W.Hbwell, both of San
Francisco.
DIED." ~ *
Burke, James E. V" Kretez, Frank
Cames, Yvonne Lagorio, Leopold
Carlson, John Lundstrom. Annie
Coffey. Lydla B. Lyons. Richard H." "
Cole, Nathaniel P. McCarty, Lilla D.
Durand, Emile . . Metzner, Fred
Fitzgerald. Patrick Miller. Theresa C. R.
Garrity, Katherine Montell, Grace G.
Hanlon. John J. Moger. Conrad
Harney, Mary . Nealon, James B.
Herczel, Rosalia O'Connor, George H.
Johnsen,' James A. Pearson. Slgrid
Jude. Patrick Ryan, Winnifred A.
Kalghin. John C. Stevens. Alfred H.
Keith. Benjamin R. Usedom, Wilhelm F.
Kcrwln. Thomas Walker. John
BURKE— In this city, July 5. 1903, James
Edward, dearly beloved husbend of Adeline
Burke, father of Alice Burke, beloved son of
William H, and the late Catherine Burke,
and brother of William J.. Peter J.. Henry
F... Thomas "P.. Emma'I., Marcus R., Cath-
erine M. and Alice F. Burke. Mrs. J. Hall.
Mrs. J. Flnnt-rty and the late Mary R. Lor- ,
ing, a native of Halfmoon Bay. San Mateo
County, Cal., aged 20 years 6 months and 29
days. !
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect- \
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Wedntaday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4 Adalr street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth, thence to St. Charles' Borromeo's :
Church for services at 1:30 o'clock. Inter- I
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMES— In Oakland. July 6. 1903. Yvonne I
Cames, beloved daughter, of Ferdinand and
Mary Carois. a native of Oakland, aced . 5
months and 17 days.
C'Fricnd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuasday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, fc'lxty-flfth street. Stockyard*. I
Oakland. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
. Oakland.
CARLSON— In this city. July ¦ 4, 1903. John,
dearly beloved husband of Louise Carlson,
and brother-in-law .of Mn. O. Brunner. a
native of Sweden, aged 36 years 1 month
and 21 days. A member of Marine Engineers
No. 35.
• (ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, July 7. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1035 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COFFEY— In Oakland. July 6, .1903. Lydia
Barker Coffey. mother of Mrs. E. C. Gra-
ham of San Diego. Cal., F. H. Coffey of
Salton, Riverside County. Cal.. Mrs. R. A.
Mathews and Miss L. N. Coffey of Oakland.
a native of Rhode Island, aged 63 years 11
months anrt 5 days.
COLE— In B*n Lomond. Cal., July 6, 1003.
Nathaniel Palmer Cole, beloved husband of
Elizabeth O. Cole, and father of Emma E.
and Nell H. Cole. Mrs. Lester B. Smith.
Ffc«ter P.. Charles M.. John F.. N. Parker
and Willie E. Cole, a native of Orford, New
Hampshire, aged 72 years.
|C?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
DURAND— In Upland, Cal., July 5. 1903,
Emile Durand. beloved husband of Hattie
Durand. beloved son of Josephine Durand,
and brother of Hortense, Leon and Addle
Durand, a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years and 22 days. >
FITZGERALD — An anniversary requiem high
mass will be said for the repose of the soul
of the late Patrick Fitzgerald at St. Pat-
rick's Church to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9
o'clock. Friends are Invited to attend.
GARRITY— In this city, July 5, 1903, Kath-
erine R.. beloved daughter of Hannah M.
and the late Peter Garrity. a native of Sat:
Francisco. *
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence. 121UA Scott street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
JO o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery-,
by electric funeral car from 'Eighteenth and
Guerrero street*.
HANLON— In this city. July. 6, 1903, 'at his
residence, KM. Seventh street, John J., be-
loved, son of John and Ellen Hanlon. and
brother of W. J. Hanlon of Stockton, P. N..
R.D. and Katie Hanlon. Mrs. Mary Greany,
Mrs. C. I>. Boehm and the late Edward «.
and Henry P. Hanlon, a native of Caiaveras
County.' California.
HARNEY— In this city. July 5. 1903. Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Harney, and mother
of Philip, Katie. Mac. John, Margaret. Michael.
Annie and Willie Harney. a native of Queens
County. Ireland, aged 45 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:S0 o'clock. . from her late"
residence. 519 Thirtieth street, thence to SU
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 'J o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HEHCZKL— In this city. July 5, 1903, Rosa-
lia, beloved wife of Kdmuml Herczel, and
mother of Emanuel. Samuel and Richard
Herczel. a native of Hungary, aged 35 years.
JOHNSEN— In this city. July «. 1003. James
A., dearly beloved infant son of John T.
ami Mary Johnsen, and brother of Ely John-
een. a native- of San Francisco, aced 8
months and ti 'lays.
JL'DE— In this city. July 5, 1003. Patrick Jude.
bclovd father of ¦ Mr*. George- Sandeman
Jr.. Mrs. S-imue! Towle Jr. and Mrs. G. G.
Hamilton, and brother of Mrs. John Collins,
a native of Ireland, aged «5 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at IO;3O o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, AfeBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion 1 btrect. between Seventh and Eighth.
thtnee to fr't. Rose's Church, where service*
will be hejd at It o'clock. IntcY-meni Holy
Cross Cemetery. >. .
KEITH— In this city. July R, 1003, Benjamin
R., beloved husband of Tomaslna V. Keith,
a native of New Brunswick. A member of
Excelsior LoAre No. 12tJ of Workmen. (New
Brunswick, Canada, papers please copy.)
(UTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral services
Tuesday. July 7, 1903, nt 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, • 337« Twenty-first street,
thence by fiectric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2::iO
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 126. A. O. U. W.—
Officers and members are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Benja-
min R. Keith, from his late residence, . IE176
Twenty- first street, near Guerrero, at 2
o'clock. Tuesday. July. 7. 1003. By order of
the Master Workman.
C. G. ¦' HKRRICK. M. W.
'J. R. HELEN. Recorder.
KAIGHIN— in Sacramento. July 5. 1800. John
I'arrol!, beloved son of John C. and Ada
Kalghln. and brother -. of f-Mna Kalghin a
native, of San Francisco, aged 2 years.
KERWIN— In thfs city. July 5. 1903. Thomas,
beloved, husbflnd of the late Katherine Ker-
wln, father of Thomas and Maggie Kerwin
and Mrs. W. F. Johnson, and brother of
Mrs. Margaret White, ' a native of County
LoJiirford, Ireland, aged 53 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4ft Ivy avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem hlgb mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-.
tery.
KRETEZ— In Oakland, July 6, 1003. i Frank,
beloved son of Mr. A. and Mrs. A. S. Kretez,
a native of Oakland, aged 20 years 11 months
-and 2 days.
LAGORIoi-In this city, July 4. 1903, Leopold,
dearly beloved son of Louis and Aurora La-
gorto, brother of Leo, Eddie. Erminla. Regi-
nald and Irene Lagorio. and beloved nephew
of . Mrs. Allia Bertucci. a native of San
Francisco, aged 12 years and 17. days.
CTFriends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 7, 1903. at 10:30 o'clock, from his
parents' residence, S30 Alabma street, be-
tween Twentieth and Twenty-flr«>t. Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery.
LUNL>STROM— In Ross Valley, July 5. 1P03.
Annie W. Lundstrom, dearly beloved wife of
the late John A. Lundatrom, and beloved
mother of Harold and, Lloyd Lundstrom, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4tt years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:15 o'clock, at
the chapel of Odd- Fellows' Cemetery. San
Francisco. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LYONS— In this city. July 6. 1903, Richard
Harcld Lyons, dearly beloved eon • of Rich-
ard and Birdie Lyons, ~ a native of- San
Francisco, aged 6 months.
- (£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, * July 8. 1903. at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of - his grandparents. Mr. and Mrs.
*Danlel O'Connell, 2433 Mason street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCARTY— In ' Auburn, v Cal., July 4; 1003,
Lllla P., beloved wife of Louis P. McCarty.
(| '¦' NEAREST VTHE CITY ~^ |
\- OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. _j
F. J. Monahan, President. '¦ -
y IViONAH AN & CO.,
. . . (Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2839-2341 Mission sU. ¦ ¦' TeUpbona Mission 3L^
I James McGinn. -' Henry Huoaen. -¦
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
. Formerly, With McGinn Bros./ I
i —Funeral - Directors and Kmbalmero— ¦ I
214 Eddy „ st. ; ,Tel. South 570. .. :,; . g
and mother of Amy May, a native of Massa-
chusetts, - aged 48 - years.
Cy Interment private.
METZNER— In St. Helena, July 4. 1903. Fred
Metzner, beloved son of Fred and Rosa Metz-
ner, and beloved .- brother of Louis, Ellse,
; "Walter. Arnold and Myrtha Metzner, a na-
• ' tlve of Conn Valley, t aged 24 years : and 4
months. - • < .
MILLER— In this city.- July 5. 1003, Theresa
Cornelia Handle Miller, beloved wife of the
late George W. Miller, and mother of George
[ W.- Miller.- a native of San Francisco.
- - ; ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
4 ¦ at 2 o'clock, from her - late residence. 1342
Hayes street. Interment private.
MONTELL— In Alameda; July 6. 1903. Grace
Gould, wife of ¦ George A. Montell, and
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. Minor
Smith.
E7" Funeral sen-ices Wednesday). July 8.
1903, at 1 o'clock, at 2721 Buena Vista ave-
nue. * Interment private."
MOSER— In Fruitvale, Alameda County, July
4,- 1903; Conrad Moser. dearly beloved hus-
band of the 'late Margaret Moser. and father
of Mrs. C. Ulrtch. Gas Moser. Robert Moser,
Lena Moser. Mrs. A: Rcss. Ferdinand Moser.
¦Elva Afcser. ¦ Velmo-Mooer-and Rev. Father
Ildephonse Moser. O. F. M.. of Santa Bar-
bara, a native of Canton Zurich. Switzer-
land, aged cs years 2 months and 15 days.
(Denver papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, near Folsom, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEALON— Drowned In Russian River. July 4,
1003, James B., beloved son of Mary and the
late Patrick Nealon. and brother of Kathryn
M.. T. F. and John Nealon and Mrs. Horn
and Mrs. Martin, a native of Redwood City,
aged 20 years « months and 2O days.
C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence
of his parent*, 3570 Seventeenth street. In-
terment at Redwood City, by 9 o'clock train
| from Twtnty-fifth and Valencia streets.
O'CONNOR— In this city, July 4. 1903. George
H.. beloved son of Charles and Mary. J.
O'Connor, brother of Charles D.. John J.,
Lillian and Mary E. O'Connor, and grandson
of the late Dennis and Bridget Keating, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and
3 months. . /
* CTFiienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
: (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resl-
[ dence of his parents, 5t!lA Naioraa street.
I thence to St. Patrick's Church,/ where a re-
r quiem mess will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PEARSON— In this city, July 5. 1903. Sigrld.
beloved wife. of Andrew Pearson, mother of
Leanear and Viola Pearson, and sister of
Mrs. Edela Thorson, lira. Hulda Larsen and
Bror and Gustav Esterberg, a native of-
Sweden, aged 40 years .1 month. and IS days, j
C7Fr>ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at .'5 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of I
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Interment I
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. July 5, 1903. Winnifred
Agnes, beloved daughter of Anna and the
late Timothy Ryan, sfnd sister of May. Kath-
erine and the late Anna M. Ryan, a native
of Sonoma. Cal.. aged 19 years. .
IC7'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
' of her mother, 1440 Leavenworth street,
thence to St. Brigid's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
STEVENS — In this city. July 6. 1&03. Alfred
H. Stevens, beloved husband of Harriet Ann
Stevens, and father of Hazel. Alfred. Har-
old and Georee Stevens, a native of Maine,
aged 34 years 4 months and 5 days. A
member of Tamalpals Camp Xo. 427, W.
O. W.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, 'from James Ha-
gan's undertaking parlors. 445 Valencia
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
USEDOM— In this city, July 5. lOOS. Wilhelm
F. H., youngest and beloved child of Wil-
liam and Anna Usedom, and brother of
Emma and Anna Usedom, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 months and 10 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
Jully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 7. 1903. - at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hie parents. 155J* Xatoma street,
between Xfw Montgomery and Third. Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. . .
WALKER — In this city. July 5, 1903, John
Walker, /a* native of Germany, aged 74 years
10 months and 10 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
1200 Mission- street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association —
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung in
St. Dominic's Church Wednesday, at 9
o'clock. . " ;"Wang", came back to the Tivoli.Opera
house, last -evening if or. one . week v and his
Siamese funniness; was better : than 'ever.;
Stevens ; and . Hartman \ are a great com-,
blnation in > '"VVang"and when Annie My
ers,: Roma, ¦; Bertha jDavls;"<France3 : Gib-
Tivoli.
Nance O'Nell's "Magda," as played this
season, shows the marks "of conscientious
effort: and ripened .Judgment. The ruts
in the road; the -little crudities, the too
abrupt transitions of mood' that met;with
the condemnation, of critics dur
ing *her earlier appearances ; in -this .play
have disappeared • and I the ; result is a. per
formance highly, gratify Ing in the artistic
sense 0 " '' v ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ - - • <- - •
California.
* Amelia Bingham and her company, con
tinue to charm audiences at : the Colum
bia .Theater with "The Climbers." ¦ This
splendid play from the .pen of Clyde Fitch,
the ; well-known dramatist, is full ! of dra
matic situations." clever | lines and touch
ing scenes. Miss. Bingham shows to ad
vantage in the leading '.role. Her com
pany ably ' supports her and the produc
tion is an excellent one.- Next week Miss
Bingham . will present "A Modern Mag
dalen," which created a furor in the East. 1
Tickets will be placed on sale Thursday.
Columbia.
The' musical ; eccentricity, "In Central
Park." continues to draw crowded houses
to the Grand Opera-house and Jt.has ap-:
parently : caught the public .favor. ' Tha
music Is catchy, there are lots of. shapely
forms and the staging Is artistic % and
splendidly managed. / Cheridah Simpson
was in fine voice :lastt night and' had to
repeat her champagne song. and the song,
"Listen . to • the Music, of - the Military
Band." . • .
Grand Opera-House.
Harry Moffitt Promoted.
Harry ¦ Moffltt. special operative In the
United States Secret Service, received a
letter yesterday from Chief Wilkie at
Washington announcing his promotion as
a regular operative with salary at $5 per
diem. Chief "Wilkle pays a high compli
ment to m£" Moffltt's ability and faithful
ness. . , *
See the wheels go round and print things: tha
big Mysell-Rolllns plant, 22 Clay. Main 5051. •.
Fischer's.
Fischer's Theater was crowded again to
its utmost capacity last night, notwith
standing that "Twirly-Whlrly" is in its
fifth week. Bernard, Dill and Kolb ware
at their best,? consequently the audience
laughed and roared at the overflow of
funnylsms of the droll comedians and
applauded them to the echo from start to
finism ¦ "Twirly-Whlrly" is unquestiona
bly one of the best of the Weber & Field
productions. It contains, not only a fund
of healthy, robust humor, but possesses
also choruses which are of the opera
comique order and dances which are as.
twlrly-whlrly as is the construction of
the absurdity. "Twirly-Whlrly" ls to be
replaced by a new programme of jollities
next week, in spite of the big patronage
which the present bill commands.
Freight Car Jumps the Track.
REDDING, July 6.— One car of a north
bound freight train jumped the track near
Edgewood this morning. Traffic was de
layed for about four hours, but no serious
damage was done.
Chutes.
~ The Lutz Brothers, billed as the
"Twentieth Century Marvels," are the
headliners of an excellent bill at the
Chutes this week. Clarence Lutz, vrho
has been without arms since an early
age; is an, accomplished musician and a
"wonderful marksman, performing feats
of- snapshooting with his feet Jtttle
sohrt of Impossible.
-STOCKHOLM. July 6. — A lockout of foun
dries and machine shops throughout Sweden,
affectinp 15,000 men. has been declared as tha
result of a wage dispute.
Orpheum.
: The Orpheum was largely patronized
last night and the admirable bill was
hugely enjoyed. Miss Mabel McKInley
sang with the grace and success ¦ which
attended her first appearance on Sunday.
Grauman's.
Every act on the new programme at
Grauman's vaudeville house was well re
ceived last night, the three Kuhns. musi
cal comedians, who sing pleasingly and
play a unique style of guitar, being es
pecial favor! te&flK . / /
Wilson to Go East
-Jack Wilson, for years press agent of
the TIvoll, writer, of burlesques, operas,
songs and topical verses, severed hia con
nection with that house last week and
will leave Tuesday' for the East, via Salt
Lake City. His talented wife, Anna Wil
son, accompanies him. She sang in a'
number of roles in the Italian grand
operas at the Tivoli last season with
credit and lately filled : an engagement at
the Orpheum. \ scoring a ; success. = Her
voice '; is a mezzo: soprano - of ; extended
range -and of r a beautiful quality, which
she | uses in a thoroughly artistic manner.
Personally she is charming and possesses
her full share of good looks. Mrs. Wilson
will : either^ appear - in vaudeville or^ comic
opera in the East. Mr. Wilson takes with
him a number -of operas, two .musical
comedies and -one play.v and, judging
from the success his pieces . for " the stage
have had in- this city, he should" have no
difficulty in placing them with Eastern
managers. . v .. ' . -.'*. .-..-.*.
Busy Bee Shoe Co. has bought the Monarch
Shoe Co. The stock will be placed on sale
to-day at 9 o'clock sharp. Just imagine,
ladles' fine shoes made by Laird. Nolan &
Foster, all styles, finest quality kid. hlsh or
low shoes. low or French heels. In up-to-date
toes, for S5c a pair: no pair is worth less than
S3 60 A line of men's shoes made by John
son A Murphy. Banlnlster. Burt & Packard,
and Doufflass for *1 a pair. You can't afford
to miss this sale. Children's shoes for 35c a
pair Busy Bee Shoe Co.. 102O Market street,
above Sixth. Sale 9 o'clock sharp.
To-Day a Great Day.
Those greedy for the new sensation
should not miss "Kidnaped." It should be
said, however, that most of the Central
bills are equally Joys of living. To get
the full and particular flavor , of "Kid
naped" I recommend . the , gallery, by
preference, where the small -boy; like' the
Blessed Damosel. leans, out ... from his
heaven. A dime buys the. seat, a nickel
the essential peanut. Below, in the more
aristocratic balcony, there is mommer
and the wide-eyed baby, popper with the
other one on his -knee. There Is Mamie
and her "steady," the unattached maiden
(In pairs), the, giddy bachelor (in bunches).
Old age and youth are there, all sorts and
conditions of folks, but not '<a'*blase; face
among 'em. 'They are there to enjoy; and
how they do enjoy! And WHAT they do
enjoy !— which, after all, ' is foreign to the
question.- •-¦-.- '. . ' • "
The hero of "Kidnaped" is an artist
(Edwin Emery), who wishes nobly to
marry an heiress, but regrets her money.
Her popper has, however, done the thing
he should not, and thus placed ; himself
in the power of the villain. Naturally,,
the villain wishes to marry the maid, but
"beautifully"— as Hedda G abler has .it
has already a wife' In the background.
The right to the foreground of these fig
ures is, however, hotly contested by Po
liceman McMooney (James Corrigan), his
¦wife, his daughter— who are on terms of
blood-brotherhood with the heiress, and a
young Dutchman, who says "chess" : for
"yes." \; ; : •.-•;'. , : ¦;. ¦
The villain threatens to pu*. the thumb
screw on popper, who then, gently coerces
daughter to promise to marry hjm. . t Tho
villain's wife then drops in In an offhand
sort of -way -from the asylum i where sho
has been confined for -ten years.' The v!l- ;
lain still pursues her, however," but Mrs. \
McMooney covers the situation with' glory.'
•by blowing up' her: house. and the; villains'
and thus rescuing the lady. , Not for long, j
"Beautifully." again, the injured wife is
placed for safe • deposit . in the • artist's
etudio. Ho comes : In and ' addresses ' ai
"b— lank canvas", with; some' ,;"b— lank"
remarks , on life * and '.then '; finds ; he , is
"out" of "dark : green ; paint." :~ Of ' course
he goes out to get it and the villain pops
•In Just as ;-—-• As is usual, the artist has
been painting by , lamplight. . VThe . villain
goes him ono , better. ; He ; - turns out i the
lamp and then, disguised in the painter's
/ / TT JT-'lDNAPED," at the Central.
(& (b \V£ is the P la y of the week. I
f^k know, for I saw it last
il *3k. night. The pictures on the
billboards ' "fetched" me,
and a large houseful -besides. There is
one thing about the Central Theater: if
there is an explosion on the billboards
you get it: if there is a "leap for life"
from an express train you get all of the
leap and life and train; if there is a mur
der—and when is there not?— you. get
every drop of the gore. So I knew that
when the pictures showed a lovely, satin
backed lady being abducted In a gloomy
hack, we should get the hack and the
lady. And we' did. It was a. real hack
and a real lady. The hack was so realis
tic that It carried off one of the walls of
New York— of course, the kidnaping hap
pens In that Central sink of. iniquity.
But we anticipate.
Everybody does nobly, James Corrigan
leading as Policeman McMooney. Millar
Bacon (who has a very decent voice, by
the way) was the Dutch youth and
aroused the busy whistle to its shrillest.
It was like the storm scene from "The
Flying Dutchman" when he dropped dead
as a sub- villain shot him,, then rose again
and said, "Missed me again, ta-ra-ra."
Myrtle Vane does Daughter . McMooney
with much aplomb. Georgia "Woodthorpe
the motehr, Henry Shumer the villain;
Eugenie Thais Lawton the heiress, and
Edwin Emery the artist. And all for 10
cents. . BLANCHE FARTINGTON.
The Dutchman, by the way, who is Miss
McMooney's "steady," has $100 a week
pocket money and more coming when the
o.a man dies. '.
"Ha!"' says the artist, as he picks up
the bluggy dagger on his return, "that
careless scrubwoman of mine has been
leaving her traps around again!"
"I-wlll save you," swears the noble
young. Dutchman" when the "law" finds
the. artist in this dreadful fix. "even if I
have to mortgage me father's brewery to
do it!" ' ¦-•; ¦¦¦ l \r;.'"-K .
coat, pretends to go on with the picture.
The injured wife then walks in and takes
him for the painter. Oh. the lovely Inno
cence of it all! arid begins the "story of
me life." He then stabs her, puts a let
ter in her, hand saying she is the artist's
wife, and escapes.
The production of the favorite play
"Brother Officers" by the Alcazar stock
company last evening was witnessed by
a crowded, house and: the presentation
certainly challenges comparison with
that given in this city by Henry Miller
and his company. The .manly charac
terization of "White. Whlttlesey. in the role
of the* soldier who gives up the woman
he loves in order to make his comrade
happy is one of the best and most force
ful ever given hy this actor. He won the
sympathy of the entire audience and was
accorded a well-merited , tribute of ap
plause. Miss Bertha Creighton, as the
woman who is loved by two men, in
vested the role with lovable dignity and
charm! Charles Wyngate's work last
evening stamps him as a clever actor.
Alcazar.
son, Cunningham, Lee and Webb art
added, the measure is full and runs over.
TALENTED SINGER WHO GOES
EAST TO-DAY, AND CLEVER
GIRLS AT LOCAL THEATERS.
A special meeting has been called for
this evening by the general committee of
B'nai B'rith, at which many prominent
members are expected to make addresses.
It is intended to secure the names of
the Governor and other prominent State
officials, the Judges of tne higher courts,
the Mayors of the more important cities
and of lawyers, doctors, editors, ministers,
bankers, capitalists, labor leaders, schol
ars, merchants and others, so that the
signers will be representative of the com
munity.
All those who hold In detestation the
cruel treatment by Russia of her Hebrew
citizens will have an opportunity of ex
pressing their opinion in a forcible man
ner in the near future. The petition
formulated by the Independent Order of
B'nai B'rlth to be presented to the Czar
has been forwarded to San Francisco and
will be circulated here for signatures.
Prayer for Clemency Toward the
Jews Will Shortly Be Cir
v,^ culated Here.
PETITION TO BUSSIA
NEEDS LOCAL SIGNERS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 6.—
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, in company with
her brother. Charles G. Lathrop, and his
family, went from the university this
morning for a week's visit to Tosemite
Valley. They will be conveyed in their
private car to Raymond. .;..'¦*
Many of the students come to this university
because the advantages are free and because
they know they will be obliged to carve out
their own future, and with the encouragement
which we will give these, departments in the
future they may gladly pursue this course of
study. The professional world has more than
Its quota, while the manual has still room for
more skilled workmen. When you put on the
armor end take up the work where I leave It
I charge you to pay special attention to these
departments. Let the laborer always keep be
fore him these words of our precious Savior:
•"My Father worketh hitherto, and I work."
In the next place I would Impress on you th«
importance of a subject near my heart — that
of <-conomy being taught the students. A stu
dent will be better fitted to battle with the
trials and tribulations of life If he or she has
been taught the worth of money, the necessity
of saving and of overcoming a desire to Imi
tate those who are better off in the world's
goods. For. when he has learned how to save
and how to control Incrdinate desires, he will
be relatively rich. During the past three and
a half ye.ars of close observation on my part
the importance of economy has Impressed Itself
forcibly upon me and I wish It to be taught
to all students of the university.
»
Departs for Yosenute.
It was a theory of my husband that the labor
of a man whose brain has been developed in
conjunction with skilled hands made him eo
superior to the ordinary workman as to en
able him to command the highest compensa
tion. He also felt that the presence of these
departments In the university tended to greatly
dignify labor.
MANUAL TRAINING.
The next subject to which I would call your
special interest and attention in the future is
the mechanical departments. I know full well
how important my husband considered these
departments. The large workshops were fitted
up at an enormous expense with the very
finest and best machinery and tools. During
the first two years there were over a. hundred
students busily engaged in learning how to use
their hands deftly and usefully In the machine
shops. This number, from some cause which
we cannot understand, has be*n eteadily de
creasing from year to year.
I am convinced that a larger and more com
modious library building is required, and it will
Rive me great pleasure, if I am spared, to erect
this in the future.
Another suggestion which I have given much
thought is not at present to begin new depart
ments in the university, but strengthen and
l^rfect those already commenced, preferring
rather to discontinue the weak: not to be am
bitious as to large numbers of students; not
to try to keep up in numbers of professors or
students with such universities as Yale. Har
vard. Cornell or our rwn excellent State Uni
versity, all of which so largely outnumber
Stanford. I myself preff r to keep within the
limit of fifteen hundred or two thousand for a
few years to come; to give students an extra
quality of <-ducation and to *ma out each year
master minds and skilled' workmen from Btrong
departments that they in their turn may fill
places of credit to themselves and to the uni
versity they represent. There are already too
many universities that are attempting more
than they can do with the best results.
UNIVERSITY GROWTH.
needful increases in the annual appropriation
for salaries and other fixed changes as the
finances of the university have warranted. Hy
persistently resisting the natural tendency of
the fixed expenses of universities to absorb
the whole income, or even to exceed it, I
have been enabled to provide such buildings and
equipment as the needs of the university have
demanded.
California Sun. Wind and Dust
Cause Eye Strain. Granulation and Red
ness. Murine Eye Remedy restores; cures
Eye Diseases, soothes "Eye Pain; aids
those wearing glasses; doesn't smart.
Ladies' favorite toilet requisite. 50c, drug
gists and opticians. •
CARACAS Venezuela. July 6.— All th*
shore of th/Gulf of Para has been reoccupied
iby the Government. President Castro's fleet
entered the Orinoco last Friday.
No one connected in any way with the board
of trustee* or with the university should
b* allowed to accept commission on any
$roo4( or articles purchased for the university.
The acceptance of any such commission should
t>* regarded a» ruch an act of dishonesty on
the part of the recipient and the merchant as
to warrant the severance of business or other
relation* with both parties.
Darin* my ten years of administration of
university affaire my policy has been to pro
vide for the gradual and normal growth of the
university by making only such moderate and
No profensor or teacher «>mployed to give
hit whole time to the university should engage
In or b*> connected with, or employed t n any
entslde business while a professor of the uni
versity, as he is expected to give his whole
attention to his calling.
FUTURE POLICIES.
Mrs.' Stanford's inaugural address is in
part as follows;
The subject of student employment has been
Ciscuw-d between us and I found your opin
ions coincided with my own. which are de
rived from personal experience and observa
tion. There should never be any partiality
In furnishing employment to students at the
expense of the university, nor should students
be employed merely to enable them to avail
themselveb of the advantages offered by the
university. This ie r.ot what Jhe founders in
tended, which was to griv* an eduration only,
and it should never be allowed. I have found
the eyrUm of student errplorm^nt to be in
most cases very unratisfartory. expensive and
usually very unreliable, because of th<>ir du
ties 8f etudents continually calling them away
from their work.
The board adopted a temporary organ
ization in accordance with the sugges
tions in Mre. Stanford's address and ap
pointed a committee upon permanent or
ganization.
Mrs. Stanford then delivered an inau
gural address in which she discussed a
gr^at many matters of general policy,
upon which she felt Qualified to speak
by reason of her ten years of experience,
and also such matters as she considered
likely to ccme before the board during
her term as president.
The trustees present were Horace
Davis, Justice T. B. McFarland, George
E, Gray. Joseph D. Grant. S. F. Lelb.
Lecn Sloss, Charles G. Lathrop, George
E. Crothers and Mrs. Stanford.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford was elected a
member of the board of trustees of Stan
ford University yesterday at a meeting
of the board held at her residence. Im
mediately upon her ejection as trustee.
Judge S. F. Leib of San Jose tendered
his resignation as president of the board
and Mrs. Stanford was unanimously se
lected for the vacant position. Subse
quently Judge Loib was unanimously se
lected as vice-Dresi«2cnt.
It lias been Mrs. Stanford's intention to
retire entirely from active participation
in the affairs of the university and to
that end when the meeting was called
to order the delivered the following fare
well address;
On retiring from the active management
of affairs connected with the university allow
me to Bay that in the past I have endeavored
to put into all my work my truest self. I
hav« learned to love this work so sacredly en
trusted to my care. Through trying and
unique experiences rr.y lift- has been bi ought
nearer to others who carried burden?. I rec
ognize we all have human hearts, and it has
called out fnr faith In God, and in this way I
have been l«-d and sustained by Go,l, and I
can now pay truly that I am thankful to the
aii-wis* and lovinjr father for his leading.*
I realize fully the prrcat change that will
come to nip from being rt-Ieaeod from active
mental life *o one of quiet and peace, conse
quently I have iiiannei to go away to othar
pcenes in foreign lards for a year or two and*
divert mjwelf throuph my eyes.
I K>v.> no regrets whatever in taking the
action I have to release myself from and
turn over to you the tfTairs of the university.
You have my entire confidence in ycur ability
*nd in ycur determination to do earnest, oon
•sclentious work to the very best advantage
to ..he students, they to be considered para
mount to t»!l and everything else. The same
pood father Tih^ guides and rules all will
continue his watchful, loving care. He knows
the work was inaugurated through love for
humanity. iuvi love for humanity must ever
be the university's tnotto as long: as time
lasts
WILL TKAVEL TWO YEAHS.
The determination of the trustees to
elect her as president of the board ar.d
their persistent appeals for her to accept
the position caused her to change her
determination to retire permanently, from
a-tlve participation in the government of
the university, but it is Mrs. Stanford's
intention to go abroad for two years and
spend the timp in rest and travel. Dur
ing that period the affairs of the univer
sity will be handled by the trustees with
out the active aid of its president, who
is desirous of relieving her mind of the
burden of responsibility for a time at
least;
Surviving- Founder of University
Will Spend Two Years in Travel
and Rest Before Taking
Up Burdens Again.
Her Desire to Retire Perma
nently Is Overcome by
Entreaties.
It is also alleged that Mrs. Moxley was
unable to spell her name, and had to ask
the nurse in attendance to spell it for her.
It is alleged that Lydia H. Mooney and
Ella H. Mooney poisoned her mind
against' all other relatives by telling her
that a!I the other relatives wanted was
her money and did not care for her other
wise. The document also states that dur
ing a period of six months prior to her
death Mrs. Moxley told several persons
that she was afraid of Lydia H. and Ella
H. Mooney.
Carrie Talbot, a niece of the late Eliza
beth W. H. Moxley, who died recently
leavir.g an estate valued at $100,000,' filed
a contest to decedent's last will and tes
tament yesterday through her attorney,
Edwin L. Forster. The contestant alleges
that the deceased was under the undue
Influence of Lydia H. Mooney, her sister,
and Ella H. Mooney, her niece. Contest
ant further asserts that they poisoned the
mind of the deceased against other rela
tives, and, again, that decedent was not
competent to make a will.
In the contest to the will, which was
filed June IS. Miss Talbot alleges that the
deceased was 75 years of age when the
alleged will was executed; that the al
leged last will and testament was not
signed by her; that she was bodily and
mentally infirm and ill. and was there
fore prevented from understanding or re
membering her affairs and daily duties,
and was weak, debilitated and deranged
to such an extent as to incapacitate her
from nicking or undertaking to make a
will.
Tour letter 24th instant received. Make no
change as to enforcement Immigration laws
against alien stamen until further instructions
are had from this bureau.
F. P. SARGENT.
The Immigration Bureau at this port
called the attention of Frank P. Sargent,
Commissioner General of Immigration, to
this decision, and yesterday the fol
lowing note was received from Washing
ton in reply:
NOTE FROM WASHINGTON.
The Attorney General rendered an opinion
September 10. 1901. that head tax does not ap
ply to alien seamen discharged or deserting
from vessels. He states that If they shipped
with the intention in good faith of continuing
their occupation as seamen, and with no In
tention to make entry Into this country, they
are not passengers and are exempt from the
tax
Under date of June 15, 1903, ~E. T. Cham
berlain, United States Commissioner of
Navigation, wrote to United States Ship
ping Commissioner bassett at San Fran
cisco to the effect that head tax is not
collectable from seamen arriving in the
United States from foreign ports. The
letter states:
When a man ships coastwise at this port ho
has a right to return free of head tax. and if
we don't collect the tax upon his arrival from
the foreign port we cannot collect it at all.
. It is the practice on some lines to discharge
alien crew3 immediately upon the arrival of
the vessel, so as to avoid paying the wages
of the crew for one or two weeks while they
are Idle. If these sailors reship at this port
they are entitled to return. In which event we
could not collect from them.
BIGHT TO RETURN.
The law docs not specify seamen as sucrh.
but the rule of the department Is that a sea
man is a seaman until he Is dis
charged, and then he becomes an
alien immigrant. The fact that such
seamen at some subsequent time reship
and return to their own country does not es
tablish a claim for the refund of the tax so
paid. Where a sailor saya that he is going
to ship as soon as he can get a chance to sail
we have not been In the habit of reporting
him for the payment of the tax. but If he
says that he is going to remain in the coun
try, or that he Is going to ship coastwise, we
make him pay the tax.
Mr. Thomas raised the point that the
immigration law referred ; to alien im
migrants only, and that an alien seaman
uncharged from a deep-water vessel in
this port and awaiting employment wa3
not an Immigrant either in law or In fact.
Deputy United States Immigrant Com
missioner Schell was requested to point
out a paragraph in the law denning dis
charged alien reamen as Immigrants. He
replied frankly:
The. Federal courts will be called upon
to decide whether Frank P. Sargent,
Commissioner General of Immigration, ia
justified in his Interpretation of the im
migration law when he collects $2 head
tax on alien seamen discharged at thi3
port. W. Ford Thomas yesterday noti
fied Acting Customs Collector William B.
Hamilton that he refused to pay the head
tax on an alien seaman discharged at this
port from the steamship Numantla of the
Kosmos line.
Otis T. Cartwright of Nebraska, who
has already been connected with tha
American side, has been named as assist
ant agent to assume care of the original
maps.
WASHINGTON, July 6.-The counter
cases in the Alaskan boundary matter
have been exchanced within the tima
limit. The counter-testimony of the
United States was delivered last Friday
night to the British charge of the embas
sy at Newport, and at almost the sama
moment in London the British counter
cases were handed to the American em
bassy, so that each side la now ready for
the next step, namely, the preparation
and submission of the arguments, which
are to be laid before the commission in
London September 3.
The British Government after a careful
examination of the American case, sub
mitted two months ago, had expressed a
desire to see the originals of the many
excellent charts and maps which are tha
main reliance . of the American agents.
They include maps that never before
have been mentioned in connection with
the case* and which the State Department
has spent much time and money in se
curing from the most out-of-the-way
plates. The Government has acceded to
the request.
Says Deceased Was Unduly
Influenced by Other
Relatives.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford
Induced to Accept
Position.
Test to Be Made in Federal
Courts in Case of a,
Discharged Sailor.
Arguments Will Be Submitted
to the Commission Next
September.
Britain and Uncle Sam
Move in Boundary
Dispute.
Nance CNeil's "Magda" Shows the Marks of Conscientious Effort and
Ripened Judgment-"" Wang" Comes Back to the Tivoli to Amuse for
a Week— Bills of Merit^Are Being Presented at All Local Playhouses
Niece of Wealthy Wo
man Makes Sensa
tional Allegations.
Ford Thomas and Web
ster Agree That It
Is Illegal.
SCENES IN "KIDNAPED" CONTAIN
ALL THE THRILLS OF MELODRAMA
IS SELECTED
AS PRESIDENT
OF TRUSTEES
FILES CONTEST
TO MOXLEY WILL
WILL CONTEST
THE HEAD TAX
ALASKAN CASES
ARE EXCHANGED
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALt, -TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1903.
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Co mplexion.
•^"<E_^ Has been success-
s&QA&ffL. fuIly used fc y leaf i-
l*frfi^ fiC^ ln S actresses, sing.
ffG+X ers and Tvoir.en of
H&&S9 f«Si fashion lor morw
gjgg W* i«*J than 25 years.
' MS? "•* 1" Wherever applied
TlS VT/ Jt ls 'n*tantly ab-
•3 i*/ »orb«d , through the
» *^r pores of the skin.
jp • C an( ' ' ts wonderful
rfr \ nutrition feeds the
f . wasting tissues.
tWt~\ Removing Pimples
v^J a » " »>y magic. on«
'^ -Trfftei \n a PP"f" tljn of tea
IWWwftr 8 *>? wn K » remark.
* **t f/ f>Sri I able Improvement.
DR. CHARLES. FLESH FOOD Is positively
the only preparation known to medical science
that will round out holTowa in the neck an 1
produce flnn. healthy flesh on thin cheeks, arms
and hands.
FOB DEVELOPING THE BUoT
Or breasts shrunken from nursing Jt has tho
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
is often sufficient to make tha bust firm,
large and beautiful. " a *
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM- AXD OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS
/ Regular price. $1.00 a box." but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL. OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two 12) boxes
In plain wrapper.
FDFF — A - tample box and our book
, K O H "ART OF MASSAGE." fully Jil
lustrated. will be sent free to any lady send-
ing- 10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
DR. CHARLES CO^ 18 Park Plies. NiwYwi.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LITTLE JJABY BOY
Badly Afflicted with Eczema.
Face Covered with Sores.
Scratched Constantly.
CURED BYCUTICURA
"My niece's little baby boy, tw«
years old. was so badly afflicted with
eczema that he needed constant watch-
ing. It was all over his face and he
scratched the sores constantly. Morn-
ings his clothes would be stained with
blood, and his face and hands would bo
covered. His family never conld take
him ont, as his face was always fall of
large sores. They had medical treat-
ment, and tried everything they heard
of. She commenced using the Cuticura
Remedies last spring and found that at
last she had a wonderful healer. The
sores left his face and he was entirely
cured, and now his face ls as smooth
and rosy as though no sore had ercr
been there to mar it."
Mrs. L. J. Root,
Feb. 16, 1898. Jerusalem, N. Y.
NONRETURN IN 5 YEARS
Mrs. Root Writes, March 7, 1903*
That Marvellous Care Has
Been Permanent.
"I received your note of kind In-
quiry and am pleased to Inform yon
of the permanent cure of my little
boy. He is now a healthy child with
pink and white skin free from all
blemish. It has been a marvellous
cure and brought about In a short time
after all other medical aid failed."
Complete treatment for every hu-
mour, consisting of Cuticura Soap, to
cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to
heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent
Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood, may
now be had for one dollar. A single set
is often sufficient to cure the most tor-
turing, d I? figuring. Itching, burning and
scaly humours, eczemas, rashes and
irritations, from infancy to age, when
all else falls.
Sold throui hoot tha »otM. Cntlenrm RnoU rat. Jfla.
(in form of Choeolate Cotl»t FllU. Be mt rtal of «JV
Ointment, We., So*?, tie. D*pot« > Londoe, V O»rt«r-
. bmim «q. i P»rU. 5 Ko« d« la Fail i Bmtoa, 1ST Colon*.
but At*. Potter l>mit tnd Cham. Corp.. Sola Pmpriatact*
tO" S«n4 toe ¦ Uow to Cur* £T«ry llumour.
_________
Ervery StudebaKer
wa tjon or carriage
is an unanswerable
/^^S___f?% argument in favor
Studebafcer
STUDEBAKER |fiROS. Qo.
EVERY WOMAN
r -_—^ is iiiieie»ted and should know
j^^Ej^v about the wonderful
•V^iiS^O^Sf Best— Safest— Most Con.
Ni^?^C»5>«?^»w venient. It Cleanses
Xi^gg^*^^- Instantly.
AikjoerdrBBtrtforlt. \-. rt_r — ~-t*?^--" > ""
If he cannot supply tho \#5'" "*/'/% &
9XARVKL. accept no v -C^jw^
ctlWT. but send stamp for CIusu XV m '**>// %\*
tntedbook— «3»lrd. Iteiresftill Vt / V */J
particulars aivi ni— tii*n« inwiuabla 'Tt-/ Jm
toladie- 31 AUVF.I. CO.. «J "!?;>;j l/M W
Room 203. Tlmea BAz.. N«w Tork. v>s^ifl^ r
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailod
en Application.
PEESH JUTD SALT MSATS.
JAS. BOYcSS CO.
orrxcz, bank pttsstxtukx, etc
GEO. H. FULLER DESK CO.'JS.fc/S.
OZmS.
LUBRICATrXO OILS. LEONARD * ttt.t.t«
418 Front «t-. S. F. Phon* Main 171a. "
I/OIXTISQ.
E-C HUGHES. uts™*™:*.,
n _ n _ nM _ r^._ vuv^._ r APyEBTISEMEyTS.
DEL AV Il\! THF Tirs^^-
COMPLETION F^ 5555^
t , .... . \ | Ladies' Extra Quality #/
of our new building is responsi- IB vici Kid Lace shoes, dun 9/
ble for the Overstock with which I turn e d OP . 8 ole. Pat ReVulir?y f/
we are now confronted— we h S« : ..f?r. clcar ' $2.80 j|
must reduce this stock— we have v o , "'„'""*. ,, .. <f
reduced the "prices. Men s Fine Russia Calf ]
f i Lace Shoes, new round 1 I
__ j i toe last; hand-welted i I
«^i»J| Little Men's SatinCalf l\
/I }^t Satin CaIf ' Lace » \
//f Child's Box Calf, lace or button, /)
I £f Sprtnu heel. wide, round loe ex- : B I
I ff tension sole; sizes 0 to 7%; for' #/
IV clearance- OOo Ml
CT zr; /S *}} ZC * ?. t0 1OI 4: f °r clearance *1.1O &/
...SEb... /ff b'zes 11 to 2; for clearance.... *1.3(> dfi
OUR WINDOWS. // * If