VOLUME XCIV-NO. 51.
Pontiff W hose Long^d
his haughty and austere bearing.
He is not popular among his col
leagues or the Romans, and his
brusque manner has earned him
the title of "the Piedmont bear."
He is tall and robust and his 74
years are shown by the whiteness
of his hair. His face has the tawny
hue of old parchment and is deep
ly lined. Despite his austerity the
Cardinals learning and piety are
recognised. .
This is' the man who for the
time being is practically Pope. It
was he who issued the order to
clear the Vatican from intruders
and brought tranquillity out of the
confusion immediately following
Pope Leo's death.
The greatest interest is nov>
centered in the work of the holy
conclave, which is to select the
successor to Leo XIII. The con
clave ivill, it is generally believed,
meet on August 3- Speculation,
prophecies and predictions conic
from every direction in favor of
the various candidates. The com
paratively long illness of Leo has
had the effect of narrowing the
chances of some who entered the
contest with what zvas thought to
be the brightest prospects, while it
has brought forward the promi
nence of others who at first icerc
hardly considered. The result is
that they are all now on about
the same level. It is said that
there has never . been a con
clave in zvhich there arc so many
candidates zvho have a fair" chance
of winning.
Such a situation might lead to a
than a week ago. His first or
der was that all entrances to
the Vatican be closed and all per
sons dismissed from the death
chamber. The body of the Pon
tiff zvas placed in charge of Fran
ciscan monks.
The Cardinal is the exact an
tithesis of Pope Leo, having none
of the late Pontiff's sympathetic
and benevolent characteristics.
He comes of noble Piedmontese
stock and his nobility is shown in
f^OME, July 20.— With
B~Jr the death of Pope Leo
t XIII the striking man
of the hour is Cardinal
Oreglia, the dean of the Sacred
College. Immediately upon . the
anhoimcement of the Pope's death
the Cardinal took official charge
of the Vatican, of which he had
virtually assumed control more
Brings Tran*
quillity Out
of Chaos.
First Orders
Closing of
Vatican.
Acting Pope
Is of Stern
jviien.
Oreglia Now
in Supreme
Control.
}Yct his parting words were not
of [the [physical > pain he, suffered}
but- were 'his whispered bencdic-.
Centra, he murmured-*
"The pain I suffer, is- most tcr-
Pope Leo's final moments were
marked by that same serenity and
dcz'otion, and. when he was con
scious, that calm intelligence
which is associated with his twen
ty-five years' pontificate. His
was no easy death. An hour bc^
fore he died, turning to Dr. Lap
poni and his devoted valet, Pio
The period of tivo weeks or
more that Pope Leo passed in the
shadow of death was no less won
derful than his life. His splendid
battle against disease was watched
the world over with sympathetic
admiration and ended after tre
mendous efforts to conquer the
weakness of his aged frame by the
marvelous power of his mind.
The plcitro-pncumonia with which
his Holiness has been suffering
was scarcely as responsible for his
death as that incz'ifable decay of
tissue which ensues upon ninety
three years of life.
To-night the lifeless frame
which held so brave a spirit lies on
the bed in the Vatican beside
which almost all the world lias
prayed. The red damask coverlet
rests lightly over the body, the
Cardinal's scarlet cape is about
the shoulders, while on his head
has been placed the papal hood of
velvet, bordered with ermine. A
white silk handkerchief is bound
about his chin, and in the hands
that have blessed so many thou
sands Jiavc been placed a crucifix.
So Pope Leo will remain until to
morrow, watched by uniformed
officers of the Noble Guard and
rough-clad Franciscan peniten
tiaries, W'ho, will keep a ceaseless
zigil until the burial ceremonies.
To-morrow the Sacred College
of Cardinals will assemble for the
official duty of pronouncing Pope
Leo dead. After this sad fun'c*
tion has been performed the body
will be taken to the small throne
room adjacent to the death cliam
bcr, where it will be. embalmed.
The funeral ceremonies will ex
tend over nine days, the remains
being removed to the Cathedral
cf St. Peter's, where they will lie
in state. The ultimate resting
place of the dead Pontiff will be in
the magnificent Basilica of St.
John Latcran.
V^^OME, July 20.— Pope
JLJ' Leo XIII is dead. The
JjH^ last flicker of life ex
pired at four minutes
past 4 o'clock this afternoon, and
the Pontiff nozc lies at rest.
Last Words a
Final Bene=
diction.
Pain Racks
Body as Life
Is Ebbing.
Expiring Pon*
tiff Serene to
the End.
Death'sShade
Falls Upon
Vatican.
POPE LEO'S long struggle against death ended shortly after 4 o f clock yesterday afternoon^ During his last hours he was in delirium, but there
were intervals when his giant mentality reasserted itself ', and despite his agony he sought to ut^^ pontifical duties,
liis last words were a whispered benediction. Immediately upon the death of the Pop the Vatican.
POPE LEO XIII ANSWERS
THE SUMMONS OF DEATH
tions. upon i the j Cardinals :¦ and this
'nephews,^
andt the {last-! look, .-.of; ; his ' . almost]
Continued on ¦ Page 2, ' Column • 3.
Continued on Page 2, Column Q.
sightless / eyes 'was ; tozvard.\ : the.
great ivory crucifix hanging -in the
'deatK< chamber. i\ . ' ¦ j ,
Practically all the Cardinals
now in Rome , kneeling at the bed-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FJlAKCISCO, TUESDAY; ;. JUIiT; 21, 1903.
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Interest Ce n t e rs
in the Coming
Conclave.
QYSTER BAY.N/.T^ July aoi-Presl
dent Roosevelt was deeply touched
by the death of the Pope. On be
ing - informed „ of . the . demise , of the ven
erable head ' of -the X Cathollo' church he
dictated [the following:
" The President 'expresses his' profound regret
at the death of -the venerable Pontiff, whose
long career/ no "lest than his exalted character,
has commanded th« respect of all Christendom.
.The 'President said tbii"-- In, uttering
these sentiments he was giving expres
sion to the feeling of all In the United
StatesT wholly without regard to' their re
ligious faiths. ...
Deep Regret
Is Expressed
by President
I Behind the shutters of Pope Leo's room,
whichstlll remained closed, all wasover.
The heavy . bronze doors were swung to
and entrance to the -Vatican was "obtain
able only by knocking at'a little window
that was closely kept within by the Papal
guard and without* by .the Italian police.-
The latter had .been .slightly reinforced,
but had no difficulty in controlling the
crowds.
.' Carriages kept rattling : up, . their occu
pants constantly holding! In v their I hands
extra editions announcing . the Pope's
death, wliich the local paperis quicklygot
out. ' ' .' .'« " .
On the steps of. St. Peter's sat a group
of/ young Roman princes : discussing , the
situation."' 7 Nearby, were'gathered' almost
every type" of ; peasants 'and ;wo
men,' who make ¦ Rome so 'picturesque.' 'A
few entered the basilica* Itself. and those
offered upj prayers j for . Pope I Leo's , sduU
'Among "the* supplicants were many monks,
who,' with hands uplifted,'- prayed longarid
earnestly.- : i '¦ -'- ' '¦ -' ¦''¦'/.'-";. -',"¦'' ¦';>¦•-'¦*¦':'•;• :
:. By.-JL strange coincidence .to-day Is -the
birthday of former QueenMargherlta, s the
ni0^ e .r'; of r Klng "Victor Emmanuel.. 'and
flags Vha'd:" been >unfurlcd.; throughout "the
clty.ln her honor,; giving It' a: festive ap
pearance.'-. By* express desire no
were/ flredias is^customary.lsoVs that- the
Ponflff might not ; he 1 disturbed," especially,
as there is afortnearlthe-Vatican.' When
the King.hear^. of; this desire he had tele-]
graphic : orders gent "'throughout ' the ; king
dom thatnosalutesboiflred. <
: In" Rome r on" the news of-*the'death be-
Peace in Leo's Room.
ly a soul' passed. up the marble stalrcaso.
and, the - crturtyard of San Damoso was
dfserted except for the heavy black car
riages of > the Cardinals and their coach
men, who were awaltlhs their masters.
• It was the hour of/the : siesta. Nothing
! could have b«en more peaceful. Oecasion
allyone of the more energetic among the
watchers ventured into the . sun to take
another glahre at the Pope's room,. which,
kept closely shuttered, was in perfect har
mony .with the quiet scene It overlooked.
At 4:20 a man dashed madly across St.
Peter's Square, then -quite, empty.' A
second later another followed on a- bicycle.'
Within a few. seconds, as ; If by /magic,
newspaper.: men. : gendarmes and messen
gers, r driving, running : and gesticulating,
dashed to and from'the portals ; of the
Vatican. Like: a* wireless message.^thcre
flashed the words: "He is dead."
Rubbing . the afternoon sleep "• from their
eyes, bareheaded men and - women, • many
carrying babies, j besieged the door, of the
Vatican.. The transformation was com
plete. The quick movement and ; the
tense '¦ feeling of the rapidly -gathering
crowd now permeated.' where .a few
minutes before there had been no' sign of
life; ¦."."" ¦•-.".•
The ' French , Emb'assador's carriage
drove furiously from the Vatican, and
drew up ata near by ; telegraph office.
Without waiting for " the horses to stop,
the'.Embassador jumped out and notlfl*!
his.; government of the Pope's death. ,,s
ALAMEDA. July . 20.— Solemn requiem
high, mass for the repose of the soul of
the late Pope Leo will. be said. to-morrow
morning, commencing at 10 o'clock, in St.
Joseph's Church. Rev. T. J. O'Connell
will: be the celebrant. On the Cay of the
'funeral In Rome ther? .will also be ser
vices held In St. Joseph's, when a sermon
on the late Holy Father will be delivered
by Rev, Father Sardlnt California Coun
cil of the You.ns Men's Institute has post
poned indefinitely Its entertainment
scheduled for to-morrow night out of re
spect to the memory of Pope Leo.
OAKLAND. July 20.— Mayor Warren
Olney ordered the municipal flag
lowered to half-mast, as soon as he
was advised of the P.ope's death. The
same- sign of mourning Is displayed ¦ at
all of the Catholic parochial houses la
the city. The church bells were tolled.
In accordance with the Instructions
from Archbishop Rlordan, a requiem high
mass will be celebrated In all of tho
Catholic churches to-morrow morning at
9 o'clock: On the day of the funeral in
Rome there will be a solemn mass of
requiem. Sanctuajles and : church en
trances will be draped la suitable emblems
of mourning..
Oakland Lowers
City's Flag in
Honor of Dead
"I regret that the already unbreathabla
air of the sick, room has been nude wors*
by the premature presence of all these of
ficials. But the doctors understand noth
ing- He almost survived In spite of them
and would certainly have lived if. what
ever they may say to the contrary, the
first diagnosis had not been an Irrepar
able error." , '¦; % .
After the death of Pope Leo. said M. da
Navenne. Cardinal Oreglia. who Is re
puted to be so hard and unfeeling, came
out of the bedroom sobbing.
*w^ ARIS. July 20.— The Matin's corre-
MJ spondent at Rome sends what ha
JL describes as an authentic version
of the Pope's end. received from the Iip3
of M. de Navcnne. councilor of,. th«
French embassy at the Vatican, who was
present at the last moment. The. only
persons at the bedside, on account of the
smallness of the room and the stifling at
mosphere, were the Pope's valet Centra,
his two nephews. Dr. Lapponl and the
domestic prelate. Count Camlllo Peccl
was so overcome by emotion and the- heat
that he was soon obliged to go out. r At
2 o'clock the majordomo opened the door,
saying: "This Is the end."
All the Cardinals entered and knelt
around the bedside. In the throne room
the Pope's battle against suffocation
could be heard. Count Camlllo Peed said
to M. de Navenne;,
Embassy Officer
Tells of Scene
at the Bedside
News. Spreads in
Rome as if
Qy 'JVJLGLSM*.
.The death of the Pontiff occurred at a
time when all; was singularly calm about
the Vatican, as people had been -so long
expecting; the final summons that their
sensibilities' were' well-nigh numb*ed. ; Out
slda St. ..: Peter's \ the 7, trolley cars
swung slowly around the 'loop -and 'across
the sauare'lnto the 'Cobl".Colqnnade,\, which
for more than two t centuries has been the
pride of Romanjarchlte,cture\; The clang,
of the car.' bells" was the jOnly: noise that
dispelled the 'traditional -'peacefulneW. of
an Italfan'afternbon. Now and again one
of , those little open, carriages in .'which all
Romc,>.rides ~;rattled : across-;- the--? baked
stones ~ with -' which% thoW square },¦ of . St."
Peter's is; payed and ; took itsj place , inl the
cab rank that lines in the "shadow, of
Michael Angelo's '4W: 'columns; 'A* '. few
hal f-naked < urchins dawdled '.. In .the ; spray
which a light -breeze .blew ' from ' the ; f pun-"
tain * that" plays; . unceasingly?;* beside? the
hugeJobeUsU'.brought to Rome .from Egypt
by > some conquering ' . Emperor. . ¦ A .few
yards away, beeldc the. doors that led to (
the Vatican, \some ; twenty, pr- thirty., men
and : boys arid : a '¦¦ handful* of ¦ gendarmes
ahxIousJ^ awaited .the news.""; '¦/'¦¦'¦ '¦..:';
'.Inside' the'. Swiss guards .lolled on , the
bench and complained of :the heat. Scarce-
The perfect administrative machinery of
the church provided against the slightest
interruption of the governing authority.
As. senior member of the Sacred College,"
Cardinal Oreglla, to whom the Pope to
day solemnly confided the interests of the
church, had' now become the exponent of
the Cardinals until Pope Leo's successor
shall have been elected. .
"I . approached a lighted candle to his
mouth three times, according. to the tradl
tloal ceremonial, and afterward declared
the Pope to.be no. more. I then went to
Inform Cardinal Oreglla, the dean of the
Sacred College, who Immediately assumed
full power' and gave'orders that the Vat
ican be cleared of all curious persons hav
ing no right to be therein.' Contempora
neously the Cardinal Instructed .Monsig
nor Right, master of ceremonies, to send
the Swiss Guards* from the -Clementine
Hall to close all entrances to the Vati7
lean and dismiss all . persons from the
death chamber, the body being Intrusted
to the Franciscan penitentiaries."
Meanwhile events of momentous im
portance to Catholic Christendom were
occurring. The death of Pope Leo meant
the passage of the supreme • power into
the hands of the Sacred College of Car
dinals as Its temporary custodian during
the Interregnum.
: 1 >• ¦ .
side, watched the passage of his soul.
Early in the day Cardinal Vannutelli had
Impressively pronounced the absolution in
ftrticulo mortis.. .
w The illness of his Holiness varied from
.agony to coma.. Wishing to relieve him.
Dr. Mazzonl suggested that" morphine be
administered, but Dr.. Lapponl dld'.not
agree, fearing that \the end might; be
quickened. * • . .
i.' Of "the- supreme, moment Dr. ; Lapponi
gives an impressive description.- He says:
"Death occurred: through exhaustion,
although In the last two hours Pope Leo
made a supreme effort to gather together
all his energies. He succeeded In recog
nizing those about him, by v the sound of
their voices, . as his 'sight was almost en
tirely lost. . Still, he , made a marvelous
display of .his energy, and even his death
was really grand. It was- resigned, calm
and serene. Very : few examples ' can be
given of aman6( giictr advanced age, af
ter so exhau&tiifjr an illness, showing such
supreme courage in dying. The Pontiff's
labt l^reath was taken- exactly -at four
minutes after A o'clock.
In Leo '& Lifetime.
'¦ Only the most . general funeral arrange
ments-have-thus far . been made, as the
shock of the Pope's d^ath for the moment
occupies all attention. Cardinal Oreglia,
together with the members of the Sacred
College; will determine the. details of .the
elaborate; funeral ceremonies; 'which will
last nine days. 1 - In the case - of ' Pius IX
his friends "among 1 the * Roman
artlstocracy J were;.permlt$ed ¦ to - ; seei the
embalmed body > bcfore : lt;was removed, to
St. "Peter's, '¦'¦ whelre <the general! public : had
at like" privilege.'.*' It i I3 Y£xpecte<ktha t ; sim
ilar plans ; will • be carried out -in .the. pres
ent case. " On the evening of the eighth
day the corpse will be inclosed in two cot^
flns.'v the * inner, one ' of « cypress'^ and'^the"
other; of ;' lead,';-. whlchf will;", be,-; deposited
within a I stoned sarcophagus. VltiwlU'rnbt
be immediately; committed to its /final
resting -place, . but will- be. deposited high
over; the door near- the choir, of ;a" chapel
In. St.- Peter's. 'Where, It may-bel viewed by
all; visitors., The ultimate burial place will
be the magnificent -basilica r of St.: John's
vLateran." -- Following \- Pope. Y-I-ieo's*--- ex
pressed: wi3h the- niche : in which : It .will
He will correspond to that which -the" Pope
designated" as > the resting place of Inno
cent •III. ..'•;; ¦ "' '-'¦' :\~i '¦
-'The) marble ; memorial -win show .a re
cumbent flgure'of.the Pontiff,- surrounded
:byiaHcgorical'flgure3."/r'. " \
Plaits .for Funeral.
'¦' The. Government has renewed the most
energetic orders,^ Premier , Zanardelli at
tending to the work personally to. insure
order about the Vatican, but it cannot
and will not participate directly In the
mourning! • ;¦¦;•
A little scene, that occurred to-day will
better than anything else Illustrate ¦ what
is thepresent feeling between the two
parties which so bitterly fought /against
one another, until 1S70, when the temporal
power fell." When the death of. the Pon
tiff became known inside the basilica of
St. Peter's an old Captain'- of the Pontifi
cal army went .to .kneel in a chapel
where the sacrament was ; exposed. ;' A
young captain In th« Italian army*Tollqw
ed him, iand.. kneeling together, ;both
prayed, for the repose of the soul of their
common: holy father.
Immediately following the death of. the
Pope cablegrams and telegrams were dis
patched to all parts of the world,'notify
ing the sovereigns, rulers .and foreign
Governments of the demise. Before, night
fell many '* telegrams of condolence
reached the Vatican, coming from emper
ors, V- kings, political rulers - and high
church dignitaries abroad! The Vatican
officials are : delviged with these messages.
According to the etiquette of the Papal
court, the College of Cardinals, just before
entering the- conclave, will hold a formal
reception of the diplomats accredited to
tho Vatican. At this reception It : is the
practice for the diplomats to express ver
bally the condolences of their sovereigns
on the demise' of the.' Pope. Secretary
Hay.: has been officially advised of Pope
Leo's death by the American embassy
here.'
Attitude of King
We BcclallstE, without disdain, , but : with In
difference, pass before the corpse and await the
new enemy.
coming known many of .the displayed
flags were ' and shops closed.
Bulletins announcing Pope Leo's death
were posted on the closed shutters and
the theaters were closed to-night* pla
cards being put out saying- there ' was -'no
performance as a sign of mourning for
Leo XI 11.^ All of the newspapers. Includ
ing those favorable to the present-Insti
tutions, .pubjlsh long eulogistic articles
about the deceased. , The -only discordant
note/ Is struck by "the socialist organ
Avanti, which says: •'
Continued From Page 1,' Column 6.
Diplofnats Haste
to Notify Gov*
ernments.
Franciscans Hold
Their Lonely
Vigil.
minent that all the Cardinals were present
and the members of the diplomatic corps
were admitted to the sick room, as ac
cording to tradition Popes must die sur
rounded by the Sacred College, the Pon
tifical Court and the diplomats accredited
,to the Vatican. , • • " • ¦ . .-
Just at that moment a large party of
American tourists, unaware of the critical
situation 'of the Pontiff, ascended s the
grand staircase, talking and laughing.
They were approached by a gendarme who
said : - • t .-.,.....
"Please do not make any* noise, as the
Holy Father is dying." *? [<
This produced great emotion among the
tourists and they immediately retired.
This morning the sick room was the
most tranquil spot In the Vatican. -The
Pontiff lay on his bed. the pillows of
which were not whiter than his face. His
hands were folded over the rosary, which
he had used for over fifty, years. The
famous armchair stood invitingly near,
with his stick beside It. while Centra, his
valet, prayed and wept before a huge
Ivory crucifix. Dr. Lapponl sitting by the
bedside, ready for any emergency. . The
doctor from time to time arose to ad
minister nourishment. Dr. Lapponl suc
ceeded In having the patient swallow
several spoonfuls of coffee, milk and
brandy mixed. ,The silence of the filck
room was occasionally broken by a hack
ing cough, due to the gathering of phlegm
in the Pope's throat. | These' coughing
spells had the effect of arousing the Pon
tiff, causing him to open his eyes and re
vive slightly. When the doctors were ex
amining him this morning, believing he
was In a stupor, his Holiness suddenly
fixed his eyes, even then bright and. by no
means lifeless, on them, saying:
"This time, doctors, you will not win
In your brave fight with death."
"It is your Holiness who, Is brave,", re
plied Dr. Lapponl. but before the remark
was uttered the Pope was again unable
to understand what was said.
The Pope continued now^and then to
mutter phrases, although unconscious.
His mind evidently returned to the events
which impressed him. most .before his ill
ness began. At one moment he was <eel
ing about with his hand and moving his
head from side to side, trying to lift him
6elf, while he murmured:
"What crowds! What devotion! My
dear people — -"
vThen, falling back, he sighed and said:
"Oh. the weight of these robes. Can I
hold out until the end?" / •
This was followed by scraps of Latin
verse and prayers, nnd then' .came an
interval of silence which was broken by
another moment of energy in which the
Pope crif.d: . .
¦ "The consistory, is over.. They can re
proach me no longer. How many faces of
all • kinds! How many foreigners! -.The
church is triumphing." and so v on 'over
and over again.
A wonderful thing about Pope; Leo .was
that everv time, his mind became clear
he seemed to grasp the. fact that It might
be the last and made the hfshest use
of it. Wnen; during, the alarming crisis
about noon, he was lying on his bed, 'per
fectly motionless, while around -him .-knelt
the Cardinals and other, memuers of the
papal court praying and not certain the
Pope was ' not already 'dead ""without' any
preliminary restlessness the Pontiff;open
cd his eyes, which 'fell upon* -Cardinal
s^reglia, who was at his side, and said
solemnly: / , .
¦ "To your Eminence." "who will so soon
eeize .the reins of supreme power, I con
fide the church in. theee difficult 'times." ,
Then Mgr. Bcslettl. the master of the
chamber, aeked for the Pope's i benedic
tion' for the court, which. the Pope grant
ed, adding. ."Be this my laot greeting.? .
.yv OME. July 20. -At 11:10 o'clock this
JLP morning there was great alarm at
Vatican, aa the Pope was suf
fering from cardiac affection. Dr.
Lapponl really thought the end had arriv
ed and Cardinal Vannutelli, the grand pen
itentiary, began the prayers for the dying
and gave the Pontiff absolution in artlculo
mortis. His death was considered so Im-
Scene in Death
Chamber During
the Last Hours
The death oj.th« ToM will bring «or
roT to many hundred thousand of the citizens
of New Tork. and thoni» whom It Aoe* ,not
dlrtctty aftect will respond with fraternal sym
pathy for t;>«tr fellow-cltlzena who feel his
death a lersonnl loss. Every one must Jiavo
been moved by his calm and brave bearing in
the presence of approaching death. It Is too
early to attsmtrt to consider Leo XIII' a plaes
In history, but one may safely say that he
filled the hlsch position with dignity and au
thority and as one who had understood thor
oughly the movements of his time.
BALTIMORE. Md., July 20.— On receipt
of the news of the death of Pope Leo tho
bells of the . Cathedral were solemnly
tolled. Bishop Donohue of. Wheeling will
preach the sermon on the day of the
funeral, when there will be solemn high
mass and elaborate services. • •
BUZZARDS BAY. Mass.. July 2>.— For-i
mer President Cleveland said, of the
Pope's death; .'•.
Xot only his chu/ch. but the cause of ho»
inanity has lost a strong advocate- and a tin*
cere friend.
m jEW YORK. July 20.— Mayor Low
J%/ to-day Issued' the - following -lat
* ' ter: " •--•?-'
Mayor of New
York Expresses
His Sympathy
To-morrow morning the recognition of
the death of the Pope will be officially
performed by Cardinal Oreglla. in the
afternoon Dr. Lapponi will have the body
carried Into the adjoining room, called tne
"little throne room," where Pope Leo re
cently received King- Edward and Em
peror William. There the ; body will be
embalmed.' On Wednesday' it will be ex
posed in the chapel of St; Peter's. remain-
Ing there three days, after which the*
burial will occur.. ; .-..*.-.„
Monslgnor Gasparie, who. It Is said,
will be designated by Cardinal Oreglla
to _ succeed the late Monsignor Volplni
as 'secretary of the "consistory, served as
secretary of the special commission of
Cardinals appointed to deal with the
Philippine question. In this capacity he
took a prominent part in the negotiations
with the Taft commission In Rome last
year.
The changa within the- Vatican affects
practically "all of the officials, from the
highest to the lowest. Cardinal Rampoila
retires from the post of secretary of state,
where he ¦. exercised a strong Influence
owing to the physical infirmities of Leo.
Other high officials are. similarly affected.
These, however, will continue to exercise
their functions until the i new Pope is
elected, when he will designate his own
officials: to .carry, on the various Im
portant branches of the church's work.
Thus there 13 a complete transformation
of apostolic authority. The propaganda
atone remains Intact.
The chief International questions that
may.be affected by the death of the Pope
are those connected with the suppression
of religious orders In France, the change
o! the clergy In the new Spanish-Ameri
can , colonies, the successor of the lat%
Cardinal Vaughan and attendant ques
tions 'connected with the administration
of the church In England.
- Among Vatican officials the Philippine
question, Involving transfers from the
Spanish to; the American heirarchy and
the elimination of the friars. Is regarded
as one of the most Important. The pres
ent Philippine policy had the hearty ap
proval of Leo XIII and there Is no reason
to believe that It will be changed. -
The relations between the Italian Gov
ernment and the Vatican continue to be
serious problems. Although the tempeVal
authority of the papacy terminated eight
years before Leo XIII became Pope, He
steadfastly maintained the principle of
temporal power and the question of the
relations of the Government and the Vat
ican remains one of the highest Import
ance. 1
From a most reliable source it Is learn
ed that the considerable talk which Is
going the rounds to tbe effect that cer
tain foreign powers might exercise the
right of yeto-,ln;.the.<opcla.ve is unfound
ed. What the powers' desire Is not that
the new Pope should be friendly to. any
particular power, but that he should con
duct the affairs of the Papacy In a peace
ful, equitable, religious mariner, without
stirring up International ' strife. ¦ - • • :
The, most prominent candidates for the
succession are Cardinals . Gottl, Oreglla,
Agllardi, Seraflno Vannutelli. Capcelatro.
Sarto, Rampolla. Dl Pletro, Svampa, Fer
rerl. Satolli and Rlchelmi.
The death of the Pope brings about a
widespread change in all administrative
departments of the church and consider
ably Influences questions of church. polity.
struggle* of much longer duration than
that of 1S78, when Leo waa elected. That
conclave lasted scarcely three days. The
contest would be prolonged, especially if
after the early, ballots the different
parties whose exact strength could only
then be established, persist in remaining
faithful to their favorites instead of Join
ing forces with those of candidates having
better chances.
There are a half-dozen at least who
are entering the conclave with equal
chances of success. It is believed that the
foreign Cardinals will ultimately give the
casting votes, for, living far away from
Rome, they will be more Impartial, es
pecially as it is admitted by all that the
new Pope will be chosen from among the
Italian candidates. '
stretching off -beyond the Tiber. Across
the middle of the room hang heavy dra
peries, partially concealing the bed on
j which lay the silent form of the dead
Pontiff. By the side of the low bed
burned a number . of candles., and from
above looked down the picture of the
Madonna, with tfye infant Christ In her
arms. Pope Leo's desk was closed, but
some of the books on religious topics
which he kept remained on it.
The body lay as it was at the moment
of the Pope's expiring breath. A white
veil was thrown over the dead man's
face, while awaiting the solemn entrance
of the Camerlengo, who was to officially
pronounce the Pontiff actually dead.
The grewsome details of the embalming
will not be performed until after the lapse
of twenty-four hours. The body will ther
be robed in full pontifical vestments for
the imposing funeral services.
Mental Keenness
Returns at In
tervals.
sVV ARIS. July 20.— The Temps print*
Bjk the following from Rome: "t
r*? have just received Information;
• '"" bf the utmost importance,'
should it be verified, but which)
at the present time it Is impossible to es-
S "At the death of Leo XIII a certain
number of bulls were found which partly
changed the form of the conclave. This,
In fact, will no longer .^e a conclave,
properly speaking, as the Cardinals will
not be restricted as to their movements.
"They will simply assemhle twice a day
fo.r deliberations and balloting, without
being -constrained to live in common,
which is always harrowing for ill and In
firm Cardinals.
"They will take an oath. each time they
leave the Vatican to reveal nothing and
not be influenced by any government.
"The Pope has the right to modify^ the
method' of election and bulls to that effect
remain in force until modified or afchro
gated by the succeeding Pbpe. Leo XTII.
shortly before the death of Pius IX, when
he. was camerlengo. made several modi
fications In rules governing the conclave.
It is not unlikely, therefore, that he had
planned other modifications more essen
tial and appropriate to modern times.'?
Sceciaf Dispatch to Th$ CalL
The death chamber preserved much the
sime appesrance at it did at the time of
tbe final Illness of the Pupe. It Is sit
uated* on the third floor of the Vatican;
the apartments fronting the splendid pi
azza-of 6t • Peter's, -and the window of
the rootr. commanding a view of the tall
obelisk and'hlaylng fountains, with Rome
In the Death Chamber.
This was the signal for an outburst of
tears and the sound or weeping which
could no longer be suppressed, all of the
kneejing prelates and others kissing the
dead hand— that hand which had dispens
ed so many benedictions and charities.
Outside the death chamber expectation
was Intense, but the fight of the sorrow
ing faces of those leaving the room was
sufficient, without words, to spread the
Fad news, which was not long In traveling
throughout Rome.
The occurrences In the death chamber
Immediately following the Pope's demise
were of impressive solemnity. Couriers
had been dispatched to summon those
who are delegated to perform the first
religious offices of- the. dead Pope, and
eocn the chanting of the^ Franciscan
monks was heard, as. two by two, in
ecarsc. brown habits and with sandaled
feet, they approached the room in which
Leo lay dead. From time Immemorial
the Franciscans have been penitentiaries
of St. Peter's. Following, them came the
roble guard to watch over the Pontiff's
remains, the brilliancy of their uniforms
contrasting with the Bomber attire of the
quaintly garbed monks and the solemn
dignity of the chamber Itself. The. only
eound heard was the measured chanting
of tpe Psalms of Penitence by. a group of
monks, kneeling beeide the couch of
death. Two noble, guards took up .posi
tions'at the foot of the couch and stood
by, rigid and client as statues, . with
swords drawn and reversed pointing; to
the floor.
Give Way to Grief
The last conscious act of the Pontiff
was to turn hia eyes toward the great
crucifix on the wall, after which he suf
fered from a paroxysm of choking, during
which he nassed away. . *
Then the silence of the awe-struck as
semblage was brok-m by the sonorous,
solemn voice of Cardinal Vannutrlll, the
grand penitentiary, intoning, the Requiem
Aeternum (rest eternal).
Dr. Lapponi, who almost constantly had
his finsers on the Pope's pulse, felt it
growing gradually weaker and weaker,
and at the same time the Pontiff's ex
tremities began to get cold, his lips be
came black, his eyes sank more deeply
Into the head, his breathing became even
more difficult and there were strange rat
tlings in his throat.
Finally the Pope was asked to bless his
nephews ar.d all the others present^ He
attempted to raise himself and the ex
treme emaciation of his person was ren
dered more pronounced by the surround
ings.
It was a solemn moment— the head of
the Pontiff, with Us white skullcap, no
whiter than the fringe of the Bilvery hair,
rising above the crimson coverlet, his
hand raised in the familiar gesture of.
benediction, the kneeling assemblage be
ing too earnestly absorbed in deep afflic
tion, vf-neraticn and weeping to even
make a movement.
The doctors a pain examined the dying
holy tether, and this time found that
he was -at the extreme limit of his pow
ers and respiration. His eyes began to
become dull and clouded, and Leo XIII
entered Into the real agony of 'death.
which was recognized by- all present
kneeling.
Then the dying Pope murmured some
thing to himself and those bending' over
him heard the words, "Father" and
"Mother." . '¦'.'..
Murmurs Last Words.
Profound silence reigned in the Pope's
bedroom, broken only by the doctors ris
ing to render their expiring patient more
comfortable, by the sobs of the ever
faithful valet. Pio Centra, or the mur
mured prayers of Mgr. Pilferi. the papal
confessor, himself S4 years of age, who
had to be assisted to the bedside. Softly
he recited the prayers for the dying, the
Pontiff at one moment appearing to fol
low them as though conscious of what
was transpiring^ but he could not speak.
"2^ OME. Julv 2O.-The Pope died
MJa shortly after 4 o'clock this aft-
Jm^ ernoon. His last moments were
• comparatively peaceful and pain
less and were preceded by a pe
riod of insensibility. Around the bedside
«t the final moment were the Cardinals,
ihe relatives ar.d the members of the pa
pal court. Before lapsing into uncon
sciousness the dyir.fi Pontiff feebly moved
his Hds, his last articulate words being
those used in bestowing a benediction. .
Gradually the shadow of death spread
over the Pontiff, his extremities became
cold, his features assumed the fixed rigid
ity of death, and Dr. Lapponl noted his
last fluttering heart beats, which grad
ually became slower and slower until
they finally stooped.
The final ecene In the death chamber
was profoundly impressive. The Pope's
deathbed was surrounded by practically
all of t*e members of the Sacred Col
lege now in Rome and the -whole papal
court, while the Pontiff's nephews re
mained in the papal library until thre"V
received word from the doctors which
announced that hi? last expiring breath
was approaching. Then they moved si
lently within the death chamber, some'
standing, seme kneeling. 411 awaiting the
awful moment of dissolution.
In the antechamber had assembled the
high e-eriesiasties, members of the diplo
matic cores and representatives of the
papal aristocracy, awaiting the announce
ment that the final moment had come.
Sufferer Whispers
a Farewell
Blessing.
Removes Restric*
tions Upon Car*
dinals.
Is Said to Estab*
Us h Rules for
Conclave.
Sobbing Prelates
Surround the '
Couch.
Brave and Un
complaining to
the End.
HEROISM
OF DYING
PONTIFF
CHANGES
EXISTING
METHODS
Important Papal
Bull Left by
Leo*
WITH SUPREME COURAGE AND TRANQUIL SPIRIT
THE HOLY FATHER PASSES THROUGH FINAL AGONY
THE - EB^ 21, 1903;
2
ECZEMA, NO CTJRE, NO PAY.
Your druggist will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure Ringworm. Tetter.
Old Ulc«rs and Sores, Pimples and Blackhead*
on the face, and all skin diseases. SO cents. *Peace of World
Was Pontiff s
Hope.
OAKLAND, July 20.— Members of the
Merchants' Exchange with^3upervlsor H.
D. Rowe and Secretary Edwin Stearns of
the Board of Trade visited, the new tun
nel road yesterday and made a thorough
inspection of the progress of. construction
on both sides of the hill. On the Contra
Ccsta County elde of the tunnel the bore
is 548 feet into the hill, 18 feet wide and
17 feet high. On the Alameda County
side the cut is 220 feet into the hill.
Inspects Tunnel Road.
A great Pope," Ms gifted soul could soar up
to • and ¦' find congenial atmosphere among . the
sublime heights of theology and philosophy. His
fatherly heart could feel and his foresight
could provide for. the well being -of. the hum
blest-'of his-, flock. . ;No others aim than this.
Indeed, has 'been In view. in the wise and salu
tary counsels. In - his , luminous and > emphatic
teachings, upon the sacredness of the Christian
marriage tie, as being the source of safety and
the; protection s of 'domestic happiness. ¦¦¦::
His paternal, solicitude extended to all peo
ples. America has. mways had a large. share
of both his pronounced affection and his anxious
History of his pontificate, with. its marvels
and Us blessings, point to Leo XIII as having
been pre-eminently a chosen Instrument In the
hands of Divine Providence. '
m YORK. July 20.— Archbishop
'Farley ~ to-day spoke of the late
'X. Pope as follows:
MACK1NAC ISLAND. Mich.. July 20.—
Charles H. Major, author of "When
Knighthood Was in Flower," and Mrs.
Major were badly burned this afternoon.
Mrs. Major was heating a curling iron
on an alcohol lamp, when the comb in her
hair became ignited, burning her hair,
arms and hands in a terrible manner. Mr.
Major .in attempting to extinguish the
flames ' received severe burns about the
arms and hands.
Author and His Wife Burned.
George Nelson, a* tinner residing at 1619
Thirteenth street. Oakland, while* work
ing yesterday on the roof of the new
wing of the Ladles' Protection "and Relief
building. Franklin street, this city, fell
a distance of thirty feet. The plank on
which he was standing broke and Nelson
was precipitated to the ground. He was
taken to the Central Emergency Hospital
where . Dr. Harvey attended to his injur
ies, which are of a serious nature. * He
suffered a bad ' scalp wound and his
breastbone and three ribs were broken.
There Is little chance for: his recovery.
Artisan Seriously Injured.
In Leo a- truly great- and good man passed
from earth. The extraordinary, unparalleled
Interest with which • the world this last fort
night kept . vigil around the Vatican, where
the old hero battled /dramatically .with grim
death. Is the magnltlcent tribute to Leo .which
nothing could ever have evoked save.'unusual
grandeur of soul and unusual feats, the off
spring of that grandeur. '; In the death of Leo
humanity realizes that an orb of light, such
as U seldom seen to dominate the high skies
of Its moral and intellectual firmament, ¦ has
fallen, making a mighty void which soon again
may not be filled. ' )
. Great and good Leo truly was. fashioned so
by nature and by grace iivlne. What a mind!
Loftiest It was in vision, reaching out to.vast
e*i oorlzons, soaring upward to highest regions
of thought and truth. And, how quick In ac
tion thatvmlnd of Leo was; how piercing In
¦ How' rich and varied the store of knowledgel
Kapldly as he conversed he would travel from
literature to science and art, from theology to
diplomacy— everywhere the manifest master
and everywhere the cultured scholar. . - ¦¦ -
And then he was ambitious to .put .to profit
his talents, ambitious to do great things. When
he first ascended the pontifical . throne lie re
solvtd that so far as opportunity" came his
would be a historical pontificate and to that
end he worked conscientiously during 1 his llf «¦.
H» :!ved and worked purely for God and. for
men. He met kings and peasants, men. of
JT. PAUL, July 20.— Upon the receipt
of the news of the death of the Pope,
Archbishop Ireland paid this tribute
to the dead Pontiff:-
How European
Capitals Heard
the Sad Tidings
Y ONDOX. July 21.— The first news of
b the Pope's death was conveyed to
"* Westminster Cathedral in a ' press
dispatch which was transmitted to Mon
eignor Johnson, acting head of the dio
cese sine* 4 the death of Cardinal Vaughan.
Jlonsignor Ftnton, the Vicar J>neral,
immediately dispatched to each diocese a
circular notifying the clergy of the
event, of which they had already been
informed through the papers, and direct
ing that solemn requiem mass be cele
brated in memory of Leo XIII.
Long biographical sketches, memoirs
and editorials are called forth by the death
of the Pope and the English papers all
teem with expressions of the warmest
sympathy and deep regret. A contrast is
drawn between the unique position the
Papacy now holds in international con-
Eideration. compared with its chattered,
discredited position at the time of the
death of Plus IX. The Morning Post
says:
Tbe key* of St. Peter that death snatched
OAKLAND, July 20.— Coroner Metir
mann has made a careful examination of
the human arm found in the estuary by
Thomas O'Neill of 831 Cedar street, yester
day. .The Coroner says the relic is a
woman's, arm, but he does not find suffi
cient evidence to say whetner it was cast
away by a medical, student or was dis
membered After death by a steamer's
>
Woman's Dismembered Arm Found.
pACRAMENTO, July 2O.-The bell of
the . Cathedral . of the Blessed Sacra
,^^'tnent tolled ' to-day In memory of
Pope LSD, and mourning colors . were
placed on the buildings of the. various
Catholic' institutions* Appropriate ser-|
vices will be" held to-morrow. Bishop
Thomas Grace of the diocese of Sacra
mento, who several years ago. while a
priest, visited the Pope' . at ;; the Vatican
in company with ; the ,: late Bishop Ala
nogue, thus expressed, his sentiments and
tkjoseof the people of his diocess^n the
Pontiff's death:
. Pope Leo XIII ; was elected to the papal
throne at a: time the. enemies , of the
church ' were powerful.' numerous and aggres
sive.. -After a most remarkable reign he leaves
the « church In peace,'- Its . friendship sought by
jcrowned heads and ; its doctrines better under
stood by 'the multitudes.- His intellectual ac
tivity won the learned; the gentle manner In
which he treated diplomatic foes made them
friends. . and his honest sympathy with the
tollers gained for . him the title of universal
father.- .-. . ' > -
In an age of great leaders he led all. whether
they sought ¦ the realm , of loftiest thought or
plodded the laborious way of everyday life.' He
was providentially fitted for the' circumstances
of his time to shed light on the church of God.
Every Catholic rejoices that Leo XIII dies
venerated by the church and respected by the
whole world. Mj|SQS3b(S|
LOS ANGELES, July 20.— Bishop Thom
as 1 Conaty. said to-day regarding the pass-
Ing of Pope Leo XIII:
The greatest man of the century is dead. We
Noted Prelate
Pays Beautiful
Tribute to Leo
Eulogies Come
From Prelates
in the West
CINCINNATI, July ' 20.— Archbishop
William Henry Elder,, who became
the oldest living prelate upon . the
death of the Pope, said of Leo XIII:
It is eighteen years since I saw the Holy
Father, and during that period so much has
been accomplished by him that he has become
the marvel of. the age. He has Indeed been a
light of the heaven, which motto he bears, and
has guided the church through the perils that
have beset her with a master hand and mind.
Ho has been a great man and. a holy man.
Whllo the singular purity and modesty of his
life have won for him great admiration, his
most lasting monument will be the work he
has done for the amelioration of mankind, the
aid of the laboring classes and the defense of
right and. Justice. It is only becoming an
¦American to feel gratitude toward Leo XIII
f or ¦ the interest he has maintained In the
church in America and In this country In gen
eral. :-,•¦' :¦ •
Oldest Prelate
Tells of Leo's
Singular Purity
No matter what our complaints may have
been by reason of distant and recent controver
sies and discourtesies, I cannot help feeling
deeply affected by the disappearance o f a great
and enlightened mind and the head of the
church of my pwple. / -. '
BERLIN. July 20.— The news of the
death of the Pope, having been hourly ex
pected for some time, caused no surprise.
Emperor "William, during his trip to Nor
way, had been getting frequent bulletins
about the Pontiff's condition. While no
Pope could possibly have been more ac
ceptable to Germany than Leo XIII, Gov
ernment circles expect no changes in the
relations with the Vatican. Germany has
no candidate for the holy chair and will
not even Indicate a preference.
VIENNA, July 20.— On receiving news of
the Pope's death the Emperor retired to
his private chapel to pray. The event will
not change Austrian relations with the
Vatican, and it is unlikely that Austria
will attempt to Influence the decision of
the conclave except in the case of the
election of Cardinal Raxnpolla, to whom
the Austrian Government is decidedly op
posed.
ROME, July 20.— Premier Zanardelli tel
egraphed the death of Pope Leo to King
Victor Emmanuel at the castle of Rac
conni to-night. The King, although he
expected the announcement at any hour,
was much touched and is reported to have
said:
from him are now the symbols of*a world
wide anarchy such as even Islam Itself with
Its countless millions of devotees cannot boast.
The Dally News says:
Leo XIII will be remembered as one of
the greatest of Popes and humblest of Chrls
tlon*. %
PARIS, July 2L— The Figaro says:
Pope Leo leaves the Roman church stronger,
more alert and more closely allied with the
life of the people than It was under any of
Us predecessors during tbe past century.
The Figaro affirms that Foreign Min
ister Delcasse's telegram advising the
French Cardinals of the Pope's death in
cluded a request that they come y> the
Foreign Ministry before starting for*
Rome.
Tells of Leo's
Warm Affection
for the States
hlehest social rank and of the lowest — all bowed
Icfnre his graciousness and whispered to him
woris of affection and devotion.
There is no other pest of honor and duty so
elevated, so sublime as the Roman pontificate,
the treasury of centuries of Inspirations, the
world-chair of moral authority ruling direct
two hundred and fifty millions, of every tribe
and every nation, ruling Indirectly by the silent
prestige of its powec, by the vast spiritual force
of its life, and teachings, entire humanity. Into
that pontificate he entered and reigned a quar
ter of a century, leaving posterity to say. as
he closes the last pages of his record, that In
him the Catholic church has had one of the
greatest wonders of her. wondrous sovereigns
and humanity one of its noblest thinkers and
highest exemplars of fidelity to God-given duty.
All humanity has been benefited by him. He
never hesitated to reach-out beyend the formal
confines of the church to «erve humanity, to
serve nations and men, who were not of the
fold of .the church.
One of the most meaningful of the acts of
Leo was his announcement to the Catholics of
France that It was their moral duty to adhere
to the> republic and the doctrinal teachings re
garding modern ideas and forms of government
Involved in that announcement. It was, too, a
masterful stroke of diplomacy. All the Catho
lics of France did not follow Leo. Their.po
litical traditions held the field; to-day they
are suffering from their short-sighted conserv
atism and their disobedience toward Leo.
No other man reigned at the dawn of the
twentieth century as Leo reigned. It was
aupreme triumph of moral power — the triumph
of truth and of Justice, the triumph of a soul
replenished with truth and Justice. With Leo
there dies the admirer and lover of. America,
Said he to a Bishop from America one day:
"Oh, America! It is the future.';
Leo's 1 clear view ¦. of things has endeared
America to him.' No other statesman in Europe
like Leo understood America — its possibilities
and the growing of its Institutions.
Nothing in the circumstances connected with
the illness and death of Leo does so much
honor to him and- so much honor to our com
mon human nature as the outrpoken Interest
taken in him by the non-Catholic world espe
cially In .the United States. In America the
Associated Press dally burdened trans-Atlantic
wires with messages lengthy and sympathetic
from Rome.' The newspapers of the country
quickly opened their columns to those mes
sages and repeatedly wrote In the friendliest
language. .< ' " .
¦ In numerous Protestant churches "kindliest
mention was made of Leo from the pulpit and
prayers for him went: up from the lips of,min
isters : and * of " congregations. ¦ Leo, , In his last
r/foments. «. wall deeply touched on hearing of
tht« attitude of Protestants toward him."
. The world is to-day the better for the sweet
kindliness begotten In It by Lea
HONOLULU. July 20.— The announce
ment of the death of Pope Leo, although
anticipated, was received with much sad
ness In Honolulu and particularly among
Catholic residents. Services will be held
throughout the Hawaiian Islands in the
Roman Catholic churches on the day of
the funeral In Rome.
Honolulu Receives News.
PORTLAND, Or., July 20.— Archbishop
A. Christie of Oregon, speaking on the
death of the. Pope, said:
"A great light has been quenched this day on
the historic Vatican -hill. With universal as
sent mankind admits that the greatest mind
of the present age has to-day closed its bril
liant earthly career. "Well done, good ) and
faithful servant," must surely be his greeting
from the Master. No corner of the Inhabited
globe escaped the solicitude of his paternal eye.
No question that concerned the betterment of
humanity was left untouched by him. His ut
terances on burning social questions will ever
be axioms In the Industrial world, and his
fervid appeal for the unity of Christendom
will go far to heal the breach of centuries and
hasten the time when there shall be but one
fold and one . shepherd.
Through his long and eventful career Pope
Leo was always a friend of America and all
his life he has labored to bring all people to
gether.
SEATTLE, July 20.— Regarding the
death of Pope Leo, Right Rev. Edward
O'Day, Bishop of Nisqually, to-day said:
mourn as for a friend anfl father, and while
we know the conditions are Infinitely better for
him beyond, yet we feorrow for our own loss.
His was a personality which, once met. must
be remembered, and I believe it is the senti
ment of non- Catholics as well as Catholics that
a holy man has passed away.
Bella on all the Catholic churches in the
city were tolled for one hour after the
announcement of the Pope's death.
SANTA FE, N. M.. July 20.— Bishop J.
B. Pitaval, in charge of the archdiocese
of Santa Fe during the absence of Arch
bishop Peter Bourgade in France, said
to-day:
With the death of the great Pontiff, Leo XIII.
the Catholic church loses one of Its greatest
rulers and the world Its most dintlnguished
man. Recalling an old saying current In
Rome to the effect that there are three kind:
of Popes, the scholar, the statesman and the
man of prayer, we can well observe that all
three were combined in Leo XIII. Until the
end, young In spite of his extreme old age.
cheerful under the weight of the cappa magna.
his brow seemed nimbused with the rarest and
most harmonic gifts of genius, kindness and
virtue.
Churchmen Write
of the Pope's
Career.
While the great Pontiffs remains are await
ing their final resting place It Is fitting that
we should pay this tribute of devotion to his
memory, for he was "a man of resource and
our father In his generation." In. the annals
of history he will live as a scholar, a states
man, a philanthropist and a giant among great
leaders of men. The true Christian will further
honor him for that "the Lord gave him
priesthood of nation and made him blessed In
glory." In life he was known as "lumen in
coelo" — the light given of heaven to lead men
home to the heart of God. In death we cherish
the thought that "they that are learned shall
chine as the brightness of the firmament, and
they that Instruct many unto Justice, as the
stars to all eternity."
Leo XIII is dead. The voice which
filled the earth Is silent; the lips which dis
persed knowledge to nations are sealed; the
heart which sympathized with all that was
highest and holiest In aspirations and hopes of
men has been touched unto stillness, and hand*
which but yesterday were freighted with power
and blesElng are to-day cold and lifeless. As
a Catholic he was the vlcy of Christ upon
earth, the mouthpiece of tne most high God.
Those who acknowledged him not for their
shepherd must recognize his genius and the
example of his noble life. He has been sum
moned to rest for his labors. His works follow
him to bespeak a crown of Justice; they remain
as a. heritage for the admiration and imitation
of generations to come.
The pontificate Just brought to a close has
been very nearly associated with the progress,
of the Catholic church in the United btates,
for It was Leo XIII who convened In V}^nary
council the heirarchy and clergy to deliberate
upon the perfecting of the church organization
in this country. The enactments of the coun
cil, which closed its session on Sunday, De
cember 0, 18H4, were in due time approved by
his holiness and they constitute to-day the
standard of discipline .throughout the republic.
Not tbe least important result of this Illus
trious gathering was the demonstration of the
fathers, with the sanction of Rome, to provide
for the more comprehensive education of both
clergy and laity. The savereign Pontiff entered
heart and soul Into the project, which was at
once so neceesary and so congenial to his na
ture and previous training. He had himself
elaborated a scheme which was to come up for
discucsion. The present Catholic University of
America, situated, at Washington, is the con
crete expression of -the counsels, hope 'and
enduring pledge of -Leo's affection for the
United States.
«% vEW YORK, July 21.— The World
Aft /prints the following tribute to
/ Pope Leo. written by Cardinal
A Gibbons:
Ancestry of Leo.
"Ah," he said, "among my many trials
America Is my consolation. There the church
enjoys liberty. In the - United States she is
free to build her churches and her schools un
molested. Here In 'Rome I, the vicar of Christ,
am as a slave, dem-ived of free action. In
Italy, In France, the church Is being perse
cuted by those who should defend her. Thank
God for the consolation that comes to us from
free America."
care. The increase in hierarchy and the im
pulse given to every grade, from the elementary
to the university, among us are evidences
which are too familiar that we should need to
dwell upon them. Rarely did Leo XIII permit
an occasion to pass, when speaking to Ameri
cans or to those who love American institu
tions, that he did not manifest his especial af
fection and admiration for our people and our
country. With what emotion do I recall the
words that fell from those venerable lips as I
bade him farewell at the end of a memorable
audience, after he had j listened to an account
of the progress of the church In this, our
diocese, durlne his own lifetime. , '
Cardinal Gibbons
on the Works
of Leo.
rHE universal Interest
felt In the Illness and
death of Pope Leo XIII
shows to the Trorld that
as the Papacy so affects a large
body of the citizens of every
nationality the Sovereign
Pontiff ought to be free. So
matter what tbe extent of ter
ritory—whether much or lit
tle It should be evident to
every government on earth
that the Pope should not be
the subject of any govern
ment.'
This is a moment when the
attention of the world Is cen
tered on the great part the
Papacy plays and must play In
the world, because- Its spirit
ual headship Is not bounded, by
any geographical .line. If the
rulers of the 'nations truly
desire the welfare of all their
citizens, let them take thought
at this moment and see that
the Supreme Pontiff be as
sured of absolute freedom. . If
there ever -was an interna
tional question that affects all
nations It Is this very one. '
Xo moment could be more
opportune than the present for
understanding why this In the
case. The 230,000,000 of Cath
. ollcs of whom the Papacy Is
the recognised spiritual bead
are subjects of nil forms of
government, and no power
pleads for loyalty to lawfully
\ constituted government more
thjtn does the Papacy— and for
the same reason no power
pleads more earnestly for
equal and exact Justice to all.
Will the governments of the
twentieth century rise to the
simple ' but overpowering
truth?
BT AECHBISEOP MOKTQOMEBY.
The late Pontiff stood before
the world as the champion of
tbe Christian church and ex
pounded tbe principles of
Christian morality -which must
be taken up, not only In tbe
liven of Individuals but In
tbose of nations If they would
he honorable and have some
guarantee of permanency.
He was deroted to the insti
tutions of this country In
which we live and always
spoke of It as If It were very
dear to his heart.
We American Catholics
mourn his loss, but God will
provide a successor to take up
the work and carry It on along
the lines which have ever
marked tbe great historic
Church of Christ. ,
BT AECHBISEOP EIOEDAN.
THK whole church of the
¦world srrleven at the loss
of the Holy Father,
\ though hl« death wail
expected for tbe last tiro
-creek*. Coming at the end of
a loner pontificate. It comes as
a shock to all Catliollc peo
ple. His exceptional ability in
every department of knovrl
edge and the manner In which
be treated great questions
successfully place Him among
the greatest of tbe Pontiffs.
Every point of Christian
humanity be treated in his
encyclicals with clearness of
exceptional rendering, making
them classic for all time.
Tiicre are so many remarkable
things about the late Pontiff.
Ills pontificate was remarka
ble for Its duration and tbe
hold he bad, not only on his
own subjects, but also on those
outside the churcb. It Is a
difficult matter to condense in
a few words what we all felt
about the great Pontiff. Our
crrni wlsb as Catholic people
Is that -be be succeeded by one
of equal learning and ilevo
' tlon to the canse of tbe
church and humanity.
LOSS GENERAL
MUST BE FREE
reign one of the most illustrious, as it has
b«>>n one of the longest, la the history of the
Catholic church. JOHN HAT.
During the afternoon the papal delega
tion was visited by rcany" of the Catholic
clergy to leave their expressions of sym
• j>athy ar.d condolence. Among the callers
also were representatives of the German
end Russian embassies, both of whom
called in state to express their sympa
thies.
The official announcement of the Pope's
death read as follows:
ROME. July SO. — Monseigneur Falconio.
ApOFtoIlc Delegate, Washington, D. C. : With
«ieep«pt sorrow 1 announce to you the death of
th* Hnly Father, which occurred this afternoon
.at 4 o'clock. His Holiness died surrounded by
the £acred Collree.
M. CARDINAL. RAMPOLLA.
To this message Archbishop Falconio
made immediate response, as follows:
With <Jeer*tt sorrow I express to your limi- ;
mnce the univ«-r«>al grief tor the irreparable
tea* sustained in the death cf the glorious Pon
tiff.
Falconio's Address.
Monseigneur Falccnio also gave out the
following addre'ss to the Archbishops and
Bishops cf the Catholic church, of whom
there are ninety in America:
WASHINGTON. D. C, July 20. 1903.— Tour
UarCsbip: It it- my painful duty to convey to
you the sad intelligence of the death of our.
Holy Father, the I'ope, which occurred to-day.
At in life, eo in death, the august Pontiff has
shown tuch wonderful example* of serious
thought, of determination of character, of
E»«-tn«Sis, of heart pity and Christian fortl -
tude as to evoke in all lands the most striking
manifestation of reverence and respect.
Leo XIII :f dead. In him the world has lost
a profound scholar, a distinguished statesman,
a lover and a protect or of Justice; has lost one
»r • power lor amelioration of society has
h**-n exercised with t-uch consummate skill and
earnestness a? to be felt everywhere and to
eain for him universal admiration. Hence his
death is dejilorfd bf all without distinction of
nationality or cre*(S.
However, for us Catholics the loss is greater t
iand consequently more keenly felt. In Leo
XIII. besides the scholar, the statesman, the
philanthropist, we have lost our spiritual
father, the supreme pastor of our church, him
v .• . dunr.g his long pontificate has watched
with Incessant solicitude over our spiritual wel
fare and has Feared no labor to proclaim fur
ther and wider the kingdom of his divine
rr.ester. His reign recalls to our minds tlie
brightest <iay* of the r.apaey. His noble figure
l:as earned one of the most glorious places In
. history.
While we bow reverently before the remains
©f our august Pontiff and deplore the great
loss wfcirh hi? death has caused to the church,
let public and prlvare prayers be raised to
beaten >n «very <Hocr*e and In every parish for
the etfmal repose of that noble soul. As to
the public prayers, your Lordship may pre
scribe such suffrages «*• your piety may Inspire.
With sentiments of hiehest esteem and pro
found r*spect. I beg leave to remain, your de
voted servant in Christ,
I). FALCONIO, Archttiahop of Larlsna,
Delegate Apostolic.
Expressions of Grief.
- Delegate Falconio repeatedly expressed
Jn conversation his deep i-ersonal regret
over the death of the Pope.
Bishop Rooker and Dr. Marchetti also
expressed profound sorrow. Bishop Rook
er gave out a statement In which he said:
The church boasts a long line of illustrious
Pontiffs. L*o XIII will ever stand in their
fcremost rank. His re'jjn has be*n a wonderful
one. He assumed the jxmtificate at a most
critical moment. He hands It to his successor
without a single loss and with great srafcri.
The Bishops of the Catholic church will
celebrate pontifical mass for the repose
of the soul of the Pontiff In the cathedral
cf their respective dioceses and funeral
masses will be said In all Catholic
churches.
After the interment, prayers will be held
in the Catholic churches asking that di
vine guidance may attend the labors of
the consistory in their election of a suc
cessor to Leo XIII.
JT "Y GASHINGTON, Ju3y 25.— Tha
m jj /first definite announcement of
L^^ the death of Pope Leo made to
his immediate representative in
"Washington, Apostolic Delegate Falconio,
was conveyed to him to-day by the As
sociated Press at 12:45 o'clock. Four
hours later the official confirmation came.
Y»"b*"n the press bulletin was handed to
Bishop Falconio he was having his mid
day rneaJ in company with Bishop Rook
«r and Auditor Marchetti, of the apostol
ic delegation. All expressed deep sorrow
and seemed greatly shocked.
The State Department, upon learning of
the death of the Pope, sent the following
to Cardinal Rarnpolla:
The rrrs'.drst desires me to express his pro
found fens*- of the loss which the Christian
world has sustained in the crath of nls Holi
ness Leo XIII. By his lofty character, his
great lfareir.g snd his comprehensive charity
he adorned his exalted station and made his
While we Catholics de«ply regret his death
and would have liked that he could have lived
forever as our head, we feel that the church
has sustained no loss by his death. We believe
the church to be a divine Institution and that
God will raise up a man for us to" replace the
notable figure that has Just passed to his great
reward. Who he will be we have no means of
knowing. - Perhaps those living in daily con
tact with the Cardinals of Rome may be able
to make a forecast which? will prove more or
less reliable, but none can say who will suc
ceed the dead Pontiff.
The selection of a successor la left to the
College 'of Cardinals, of which there are about
sixty living members. These will meet In con
clave, apart from all outside Influences and
after a season of fasting and prayer will ballot
for a new Pope. At the conclave * which se
lected Leo XIIII he was not considered a pos
sibility, but under divine guidance the College
of Cardinal* chose him for the high position
which he filled with such singular ability and
devotion. «
Naturally his successor will be an Italian,
although there Is no law In the church to com
pel this. There have been Popes of many na
tionalities, but of later times the tradition haa
been to select an' Italian for the position. As
American- citizens we look upon our Govern
ment as the best that has ever existed. Cath
olics of other - nationalities perhaps feel the
same way toward their governments. Conse
quently the selection of one of a nationality
not sanctioned by recent procedure might en
gender resentment and Illy serve the purposes
of the church.
. As I said. before, the church Itself will fee!
no loss in the death of Leo XIII. no matter how
deeply as Individual Catholics we deplore his
passing. But mankind at large has lost a
powerful and kindly leader, ripe in scholarship,
wise in the ways of humanity, consecrated to
the love of his fellow men and able to not*
and minister to the heart throbs of human suf.
fer*ng. whether In the hovel or the palace. . He
is dead, but he will always Uve. May to tmt
la s«ac«. s*fe9K
Chiircli\ Sustains No\Loss.
That we do not overshoot the mark In our
appraisement of the dead PontlS is evidenced
by. the universal voice of the world aa ex
pressed through the press and the voices of
statesmen and leaders In all the different walks
of life. All agree that Leo XIII will be one
of the Immortal figures of history and that
his influence as head of the Roman Catholic
church for the past twenty-five yean has left
a deeper Impress for the betterment of the
world at large than that of any single, maa
during the present era.
Even with this aid Leo XIII haa proved
himself a man second to none. Simple and
forcible in a kindly way. with a heart over
flowing with love for mankind and an abso
lute devotion to the church of which he twis
the head, it has been given to Leo XIII fa
accomplish more in the arena of universal pol
itics than any other man who has lived dur
ing the present age. Making for peace al
ways, he has drawn together more closely
than "ever before the nations of the world and
the Impress of his work will linger long after
the fame of warriors shall have been dimmed.
Bismarck welded together an empire by blood
and steel; Leo XIII sought to bind the world
with soft strands of love.
With all his kindness there was never a time
that Leo XIII when forced to an issue did not
take a determined stand, and once intrenched
In his position he was as immovable as Gibral
tar. Powers might batter at theTapal throne,
politician* protest and rulers rage, but the
Pope took no step backward. With an abiding
faith he waited and at his death he could look
back over hi* long reign with complacency, for
mest of his aims had been accomplished.
From me you can expect only an ex-parte
opinion. Personally I consider htm the great
est man of the nineteenth century, and I be
lieve my opinion will find an echo In the
hearts of the 250.000.000 Catholics who for the
past quarter of a century have acknowledged
his spiritual leadership.
An Archbishop's Tribute.
Coadjutor Archbishop Montgomery,
when asked to give his opinion 'as to what
place in history Pope Leo XIII would oc
cupy, raid:
A requiem high mass will be intoned at
St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock, at which all the clergy of the
parish will be present.
On the day of the funeral in Rome a
solemn mass of requiem will be intoned
in every church in the diocese where pos
sible, or at least a "missa cantata" will
be rendered.
The center of interest in San Francisco
on the day of the funeral will be at St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn ponti
fical mass of requiem will be intoned and
a sermon delivered. Archbishop Rlordan
will celebrate the mass at the cathedral,
to which all the priests and members of
the Catholic church are invited. Thla
mass will begin at 10:3') on Wednesday
morning, and it is likely that there will
be a great gathering of clergy and laity,
rendering the occasion one of marked
solemnity and grandeur.
In a circular letter, addressed by Arch
bishop Riordan to the clergy of his dio
cese, .his Grace requests that during the
interregnum' the prayer found in the Mis
sal at the mass. "Pro eligedo Summo
Pontlflce," be said at all the mad<»s when
permitted by the rubrics.
Special prayers will also be offered for
the divine guidance of the Cardinals, who
will meet in conclave in Rome to elect
a Pontiff.
In every church in the diocese a r»
quiem high mass will be Intoned this
morning at 9 o'clock.
The entrances and sanctuaries of all the
churches will be properly draped in
mourning and the emblems of grief will
be maintained until after the remains of
the late Pontiff are conveyed to the vault
In Rome.
nominations. The news at . the
passing of the aged Pontiff spread rapidly
through the city and on all side* were
heard expressions of regret that the
splendid career of the supreme head of
the Catholic faith had terminated.
As soon as word of the death of the
Pope reached Archbishop Rlordan h« or
dered the bells of St. Mary's Cathedral
tolled and until the noon hour the mourn
ful sound of the clanging metal told of
the passing of the Pontiff. The bells of
all the parish churches were also tolled
until noon, in accordance with a request
made by the Archbishop some days ago.
The death of the Pope will be the oc
casion of solemn ceremonies In San Fran
cisco ' and every portion of the diocese
over which Archbishop Rlordan has Ju
risdiction.
THE news of the death of Pope
Leo XIII was received In San
Francisco yesterday with marked
sympathy and Brief by all, de-
ArchbishopMonU
gomery Pays
Tribute.
Monseigneur Fal
conio Issues
Address.
Solemn Ceremon*
ies Are All Ar*
ranged.
The Bells of Local
Churches Are
State Secretary
Sends Message
to Rome.
Grief Is Shown at
the National
Capital.
AMERICA
JOINS IN
SORROW
MEWS IS
RECEIVED
IN CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1903.*
THROUGHOUT CHRISTENDOM MEN OF ALL CREEDS
EULOGIZE THE SPLENDID CHARACTER OF LEO XIII
3I Pope as He Appeared in Sedan Chair in Vatican Gardens.
The Pope's Guard of Nobles.
*% POET as well as a statesman and
/?"pontiff Leo remained to the last.
, as ls evidenced by, the fact that a
fine poem by him, was published
as late as the spring of this y«ar.
In It we note all his old 1 vigor and
grace of diction. A remarkable achieve
ment it was for a man of hla years, and
for it he won high praise from competent
critics throughout the, civilized world.
Of him Indeed It may be said that what
ever he did was well done. *Tnere have
heen many pontiffs, but not many who
have done ' greater deeds or endeared
themselves more to all Christendom thaa
Leo XIII. A conservative in many re-
Intolerance
Not a Part
Of His Creed
: '.Then the Pope takes a walk through
the galleries or through the gardens of
th«,Vatican. according as the weather la
fair or chilly. On his rtturn he gives
audience to such Bishops as have coma
I "Leo XIII. rises every morning at half
past 6 o'clock and Is aided in dressing by
a domestic named Centra, like himself
born at Carpineto. The father of this
Centra Is hatter to tbe Sacred College.
Tbo Pope then says mass in his own pri
vate chapel and has another mass said
for him,- at which he is present. Then he
takes his breakfast, consisting of a single
cup of coffee and milk. After this he re
ceives his private secretaries, Mgr. Bo
call and Mgr. Laurenzi. who bring him
news of what is transpiring and give -im
information regarding the general corre
spondence—letters, documents, etc.— which
they have oeen examining during the In
terval. His Holiness then receives Cardi
nal Jacoblni. secretary of state, and sub
sequently, each in thc'.r turn, the various
members of the Sacred College, with
whom he holds council In regard to the
various congregations to which their Emi
nences belong. At 1 o'clock the Pop*
takes his eCcond breakfast, consisting of
soup— rice soup, by, preference— a fritter
and a small quantity of roast meat. He
drinks Bordeaux wine— but real Bordeaux,
of whose origin there is nb doubt— this
wine being regularly sent to the Holy
Father by the nuns of a convent situated
In the Department la Glronde. After this
repast be takes an hour and a half of
sleep, according to an old custom of his.
which partly compensates him for the
long hours of busy wakefulness he must
pass. __V
tunity of observation;
Y w ERE Is an account of the daily life
f*] of the late Pope, written lately by
* • ' a gentleman who had full oppor-
Daily Life
of the Late %
Pope Leo XIII
His Selection
as Successor
to Pope Pius
ON December 10, 1S53, Pecci was
created Cardinal. On July 8. 1S77,
he succeeded Cardinal de Angells
as Camerlengo. or High Cham
berlain cf the Roman Church. In
this position he displayed the same
firmness and activity that had character
ized his lifelong connection with the
church. He promulgated some acts of
severity and insisted thr : persons under
the rule of the Vatican should hold them
selves amenable thereto. This severity
spread throughout the city of Rome ana
according to public opinion his probable
chances for the Pont'ilcate were material
ly diminished in con*tquence, but In real
ity 1t increased ths reputation of the
Camerlengo.
The career of Cardmai Pecci had been
watched with keen interest by Ratazzi,
who early formed an accurate estimate of
the man. In a letter to his wife he wrote-
"There is a man who has., in my opinion,
a great chance of succeeding to the Papacy
if Antonelli should die before the Pope,
and this is Cardinal Pecci, the Archbishop
of Perugia. And my opinion is that tbe
accession of Cardinal .Pccci to the Pontifi
cal throne would not produce much
change In the present btatus quo. Tills
Peed Is a man of undeniable merit, who
has often caused me much thought, and
much preoccupied my mind."
Ratazzi's expectations concerning Peed
were realized. Anton»lli died, and Plu*
IX followed him * on February 7, 187?.
Pecci, in his capacity as Camerlengo,
acted as head of the church in temporal
matttrs, made the arrangements for the
obsequies of Pope Plus, received tho
Catholic embassadors and superintended
the preparations for the conclave. Sixty
two cardinals attended tbe conclave,
which was held February 18. 1S7S. The
Sacred College was divided into two par
ties. One called the "Zealots" was led by
Cardinal Billio, and the second, the "Moc
erates," by Cardinal Pecci.
Is Chosen Pope.
There were three ballotings, which,
on good authority, are said to have been
as follows:
First ballot— Cardinal Pecci. 17 votes:
Cardinal BUHo, 6 votes; Cardinal dl Lucca.
5 votes: Cardinal Ferrierl. 4 votes. Cardi
nal Franchi. 4 votes. Cardinal Monaco de
la Valetta. 4 votes; the rest scattering. .
Second ballot — Cardinal Pecci, 35 votes.
No other Cardinal exceeded six votes.
Cardinal Martinelll rained two votes,
making three for this ballot
Third ballot— Cardinal Peed, 44 voter.
The remaining votes were distributed as
follows: 11 were ci\'en to Cardinal
Franchi. 3 to Cardinal Mertel. 2 to Cardi
nal Siraeonl. 1 to Cardinal Bonaparte and
1 to Cardinal Ledokowekl.
At the end of this ballot Cardinals
Franchi and Billio rose and with their
adherents knelt before the Camerlengo.
Every one followed this example, and Car
dinal Pecci, having already received two
votes beyond the necessary majority, was
unanimously elected Pote.
The Monsignor who stepped up to him
and announced the result at the same
time offered his Holiness the customary
white silk skull cap, worn by the Supreme
Pontiff alone. Now, according to Imme
morial etiquette, the newly elected Pope
should have presented the messenger
with the red silk cap he had until then
worn, and so elevated the bearer of good
news to the dignity of Cardinal. Pecci,
however, merely accepted the new cap
and put the old one Into his own. pocket.
Then he was asked by what title he would
like to be proclaimed. "What saint's day
Is It?" he replied. "8t. Leo's." "Then
proclaim me as Leo XIII." . ¦
Concerning His Modesty.
Cardinal de BonnechcEO used to tell this
story of the conclave: "Cardinal Peed,
who the previous evening had received
the largest number of votes, was, on that
Wednesday morning, pale and agitated.
He went to one of the members of the Sa
crc<I In whom he had every confi
dence, and said to him before the opening
of the ballot: 'I cannot restrain myself;
I feel the necessity of, speaking to 'the
Sacred College; I fear it may commit an
error. People have given me the repu
tation of a learned doctor; I am believed
to be a savant; I am not. I am supposed
to'have the qualities necessary to be a
Pope; I have not. That is what I wish to
say to the Cardinals.' - Fortunately, hl»
The number of theological students In
Germany has diminished gradually from
42G7 in 1830 to 2149, or less than half, al
though the population has doubled since
1S30. The insufficiency In the number of
candidates for the ministry Is discussed
as a matter of exceeding gravity by Ger
man theologians.
Crowning the Pope.
At the end of the confession the 'first
cumstance formerly attending the
ceremonial in St. Peter's, only it
was not public, Inasmuch as the
Hmted space did not permit gen
eral admission, and for the same reason
no tickets were Issued. The Sala Ducale
was fitted up as a chapel, and the Pauline
Chapel was arranged for those prelimi
narv portions of the ceremonial formerly
performed In the Clementine and other
chapels of St: Peter's before the Pope
went up to tl.e high altar to be crowned.
The ceremony was attended by all the
Embassadors and Ministers accredited to
th« Holy See. with their ladles and suites;
by all the Roman nobility counted among
the faithful, by the Duke and Duchess of
Parma and suite, who occupied the royal
tribune, and by the three or four hun
dred ladies and gentlemen, as many only
as filled all the tribunes without crowd
ing. At 9:30 o'clock his Holiness, attend
ed by the Pontifical Court, the College of
Cardinals and a large number of bishops
and other ecclesiastical dignitaries, en
tered the Sala Ducale, wearing a gold
miter. Having taken his seat on the
throne erected there, he received homage
from the cardinals, and. rising, pro
nounced the words "Sit nomen Domini
benedictum," giving the first benediction.
The preliminary ceremonies being com
pleted the procession formed and passed
out into the Sala Regia to the Pauline
Chapel, and thence again through the Sirla
Regia to the Slstlne. As the Pope and his
cortege came through the great door from
the Sala Ducale into the Sala Regia, they
formed a group far exceeding in magnifi
cent effect anything, of. the same kind
ever seen in St. Peter's ,in. past < times.
Having descended from the sedia gesta
torla In J.he middle^ Slstine j Chapel, • the
Pope, after a brief prayer, commenced the
Introlt of the mass.-whlch on this occa
sion is celebrated by 'him.
THE coronation of his Holiness Pope
Leo XIII was performed In the Sls
t!ne Chapel, with the pemp and cir-
Magnificent
Ceremonial at
His Coronation
Leo brooked no advisers, and neither
asked nor expected 'any human aid. Ho
had a will of hla own and followed no
other. His own line ' f conduct was traced
long before .his accession. He had no
worldly policy; his reign was not of this
worla. his trust was not in princes; his
gendarmes and Swiss guards were only
an encumbrance and a vexation to him;
he had, faith in his priestly office — in his
ofltce as guardian of God's truth and her
ald of God's word. . He bade Christians
fight unbelief with Ms own weapons; he
taught them how to meet the sophisms of
man's sde'nce with the sounder argu
ments of God's knowledge; he would set
Aaron's red against the rod of the ma
gicians, and he pointed to Louvaln as the
mansion of truth against which the gates
of hell could not prevail. It was unarmed
faith, he thought, the reasoning, and not
the militant church, which ruies Belgium;
and If Belgium, why not one day France?
Why not eventually also -Italy? Spread
true light among the people; combat error
by dispelling Ignorance; win the masses
ever to the eternal, unchangeable truth;
base morality on heaven's law; bid God's
kingdom come; make God's will the peo
ple's will, and what king or parliament,
asked the Pcpe. could stand against It?
What array of civil authority or of mil
itary power could avail against the un
armed authority, the unassuming yet ir
resistible ascendancy of the church? Such
was Pope Leo's views of his mission ao
far as it can be made out from his pre
cedents as a Bishop and from his acts as
a Pontiff. '• , ¦ .
Brooked No Advisers
Leo XIII lias worn the triple crown, and
that, excepting Prince Bismarck, no lay
man In Europe has shown such skill in
the moat' delicate diplomatic negotiations
as the late Pope. See all that he has
done. His successes in his negotiations
with the German Chancellor, and the re
markable foresight rhown in his dealings
with Spala and In putting the Holy See
into friendly relations with republican
France, showed his sktllfulness and rare
diplomatic sense. At, prince of peace he
was' called upon to settle the most diffi
cult problems. Under his guidance the
bitter Kulturkampf that raged In Ger
many since the year 1S70 was ended.
interlocutor replied: 'As to your doctrine,
you have net to Judge of it, but us: as to
your qualities for the Papacy, God knows
them, but let him act.' He obeyed, and
soon, the number of votes given to him
having exceeded the two-thirds of the
total, he was named Pope."
The late Pope's first acts after his eleva
tion to the Papacy produced a favorable
Impression, because they denoted an en
lightened mind and a character at once
firm and moderate. He | found religious
matters- compromised and gravely trou
bled in various parts of the globe. He
was anxious to end the crisis. Thus, on
the very day of his election, in notifying
his advent to the throne to the Cabinets
of Russia, Germany, Switzerland and Bra
zil, he took the Initiative in favor of con
ciliation and formally expressed a desire
to smooth the difficulties which disturbed
the peace religious.
Toward the Italian Government the at
titude of Leo XIII was full of reserve and
dignity. He .was anxious to settle the
conflict concerning the taking possession
of their sees by theBlshops and the due
notification demanded by the Government.
Leo XIII prudently pointed out the urg
ent'necesslty of ending, this dispute.
; Leo XIII gained for the Catholic Church
a proud position In t l;e world, not only as
prince of the ; , church, but as prince of
peace. Europe, .acknowledged that for
many decades no sucli far-seeing head a*
Pontiff's Moderate Policy
The act of crowning the Pope was com
paratively simple. Cardinal Borromeo, as
sisting as deacon at mass, first pro
nounced over him a pmyer. The second
Cardinal Deacon then removed the miter
from his head, and the first placed the
tiara upon l(. Leo XIII then rose and,
wearing the tiara on his head, raised his
arms aloft and gave benediction. ' After
the benediction he left the throne for the
sedia gestatoria. and, carried, albft upon
It; still wearing the. tiara.. he blessed with
hi3 hand, waving it first to the one side
and then to the other, those kneeling
around sub he was borne to the' chapel.
Cardinal Deacon placed a gold miter on
the Pope's head, and he ascended the
throne, which .stood as of old on a dais at
the left side. The first Cardinal Bishop
then recited the customary three prayers
over him, after which he arose and. going
to the foot of the altar, knelt on the step,
while the first Cardinal Deacon removed
his tiara and the second Invested him
with a pontifical pallium. This done, the
Pape reascended the throne, when the
Sacred College a:id all the ecclesiastics
present went up to pay him homage, the
Cardinals kissing his foot and hl9 hand
and receiving frcm him the double em
brace. The Bishops kissed his foot and
right knee and others his foot only. "Phe
mass then proceeded. At the conclusion of
the mass the Pope gave the benediction in
front of the altar and then returned to the
throne to receive the tiara.
From Bcnevento Peed was transferred
to the Important province of Perugia,
where he conducted himself with similar
boldness and Integrity. He was then nom
inated to be Apostolic Delegate at Spoleto,
but never entered on, that charge, for he
was dispatched to Brussels in 1S43 to act
¦s Nuncio to Belgium. At the same timo
he was created Archbishop of Damiata in
pertibus infidclium. Leopold II was much
pleased with Peed during the three years
he served at Nuncio, and 'when, from III
hezlth. Peed resigned from that office.
Leopold II gave him a letter to the Pope.
;n which he begged his Holiness xo create
Peed a Cardinal. Gregory XVI did not
immediately comply with this request, but
be gave Peed the bishopric of Perugia
and a promise made by letter of Lam
bnischlni. Secretary of State, to give him
a Cardinal's hat after a few years' time.
In 1S3S ne was sent to govern the Dcle
ratione (province) of Benevento. His se
lection for this Important position created
considerable surprise In the province in
consequence of the youth of the prelate.
He was not long there, however, before
the people were equally surprised at the
ability, energy and prudence displayed by
Pecci. and were brought to acknowledge
the wisdom of his appointment. He was
*-FpeclaIly successful In eradicating from
the^ -province the scourge of brigandage,
v.hich bad long been . terror to the popu
lace. The difficult experiment o_ ex:!n
cuishing this system of outlawry was In
creased by the fact that the cutlaws
rnade a rendezvous of the mountains sep
arating the Roman province of Benevento
from th« NeopoIItan dominion, and In the
•jvent of pursuit cou.d caeily evaoo their
pursuers by simply crossing the border.
Cut notwithstanding this obstacle, Pecci,
\\y hi* aggressive policy, energy and per
nvcrancf, succeeded in thoroughly exter
minating them.
Carpineto. Gloachino Pecci's birthplace,
Is a Email town of some 4000 Inhabitants,
perched on a rocky eminence near Legnl
and Anagni. In Carpineto Is a palace
where the Pecci family have reigned for
generations and still possess an ample es
tate. When quite a child young Pecci
took kindly to his books, and under the
Jesuits he became one of the finest Latin
rcboJars of the age. He was early sent
to Rome for his studies, ajid he gained
youthful fame as a disputant for his de
trees In the Roman College and the Sapi
c-rza. He then entered the Academy of
Noble Ecclesiastics. His youth was a
eerles of academical triumphs, each of
which signalized the addition of a fresh
province of learning to his Intellectual
dominions. Classics were first mastered,
then mathematics, then physics and af
terward moral philosophy. In which he
pave instruction at the age of 19. Per
haps he might have remained a scholar
end nothing more, but In the third decade
of his life he fell under the influence— one
v-euld rather say rose to the Influence —
cf the famous Cardinal OdescalchI, a man
who In another age might have played
tht great part of Ignatius Loyola. Odes
calchI ft was who renounced the purple
to enter the Order of Jesus and who gave
innumerable other proofs of Christian hu
mility and oi devotion to his Master's
cause. Among the services which he
rendered to the Church of Rome not the
least was the conversion of Pecci, as one
tray call it in the true sense of the
word. He turned his mind to a serious,
though not to an austere, view of religion
and had the happiness of admitting him
to holy crdere. He was ordained priest
en December 23. ISC7, being already a lay
prelate In the bouschold of Gregory XVL
He was appointed one of the domestic
chaplains to Pope Gregory on March 16,
1£27.
As Governor of Bcnrjcnto.
/;; the Days cf His Youth
Before obtaining the high honor of giv
ing a Pope to the church, the Peed fam
ily had already given It three prelates-
Giovanni, who became Bishop of Gros
setto la 1517; Paolo. Bishop of Malta in
1C9, and Giuseppe. Bishop of Grossetto «n
1710. Moreover, five members of the late
Pope's family belonged to the Sovereign
Order of St. John of Jerusalem.
Ludovlco Pecci, father of Leo XIII. was
a colonel in the French service, under Na
poleon I. He <li<=-d in 1S33. His wife, the
mother of the Pope, was of the Prosperl-
Buzi family of Cori. not far from Rome.
£he died in 1S21.
There were four children by this mar
riage, three sons and one daughter.
1. GIovar.ni-Battista. born in 1S02. died
1SS1— father of five sons, who are the neph
ews cf Leo XIII.
2. Caterlr.a. born November 4. 1S0D.
3. Giuseppe, born December 15, 1S07.
4. Gloachino, born March 2. 1S10, the late
Pomiar.
/' % N the little town of Carpineto.
perched on a high eminence In the
diocese of Anagni. Italy, already
famous as the birthplace of four
Popes— Innocent III. Gregory* I x -
Alexander IV and Boniface VIII—
Gloachino Pecci «.Leo XIII) was born.
March 2. 1S10. He was a member of
an old and Illustrious family of Siena. To
ward the middle of the thirteenth century
the Pecci family already wielded great
power In the country. They soon became
eo powerful that when Pope Martin V vis
ited Siena he was very comfortably quar
tered, together with all his court, in the
hcuse of the brothers Giovanni and Gla
ccrno Pecci, who further lent him the sum
cf 15,000 florins.
Pecci was made Bishop of Perugia In Jan
uary, 1S4C. and in a few months Gregory
XVI died. It has bcrn falsely said that
Gregory created Peect a Cardinal In petto
and that Pius IX delayed seven years be
fore he published that creation. But
every Cardinal created in petto takes pre
cedence from the date of his creation, not
from his publication, and Pius IX had no
power to Interpose delay In the publica
tion of a,ny Cardinal created in petto by
his predecessor, nor was Pius IX- bound
to fulfill the promise made by Gregory.
As Bishop of Perugia PeccI acquired a
great reputation for zeal, prudence and
activity, and his fame was constantly ex
tending to the Holy City. He labored to
promote the doctrines and the schools for
the clergy and people, not only in ec
clesiastical matters, but also in all
branches of knowledge.
A photograph of Cardinal Peed, taken
in 1S70. when be attended the Ecumenical
Council, gives one an admirable idea of
the personal presence of the Pope. With
it appear also the likenesses of all the
ether cardinals, .ancT.lt Is ho exaggera
tion to say that Pecd's head Is by far
the' most Impressive in this gallery. There
are sterner heads, heads more severely
intellectual, or austerely grand, or cast
perhaps in finer diplomatic mold; but for
supreme kindness and benevolence and a
certain beaming, gentle grace, no face
in the galaxy of cardinals can ap
proach it.
Like that of Pio Nonb, !t was a counte
nance that won at once and immediately
the way to the scrutinlzer's heart. At
the same time It was stronger in its In
tellectual quality than' was that of Pio
Nono, and it was particularly conspic
uous In the manifestation of sound sense
and clear Judgment.
The Pope was a member of the Confra
ternity of the Holy Blood of Bruges. The
relic in question— the blood of our Lord
is contained In a phial cf crystal and gold,
deposited in the chapel of that name In
the old Spanish-Flemish city. His Holi
ness was once asked whether be seriously
believed 'In the genuineness of the relic.
He frankly replied that he had not stu
died the question. "But," he added, "I
have In thl3 crucifix a relic asserted to be
j. portion of the true cross. What I do
know is that. accordlnsQto all laws of evi
dence, it can be traced back to the posses
sion of a Pope of the seventh century. "I
think, after proving this much, we may
fairly leave the burden of demonstrating
its unauthenticity to skeptics. The Popes
of the seventh century were shrewd
enough." '
Leo XIII was a tall man, rather spare
in build, but nevertheless of strong and
wiry physique. His presence was most
commanding. His head was very large
and thoroughly Italian. The forehead
was massive, high and rather straight
and was especially striking from Its great
width. Indicative of Intellectual strength.
The thin hair that streaked it was of sil
ver hue. The eyebrows were dark and
heavy and of perfect arch and the eyes
were singularly mild and soft and at the
same time penetrating and searching.
The large, well defined nose was charac
teristic of firmness and will power, decid
edly Roman in shape, but with wide nos
trils that were credited by physiogno
mists with bold leonine qualities.
In private life he was simple, affection
ate, lovable and witty. In the ceremonies
of the church, under the purple, he was
grave, austere and majestic. One •vould
pay that he was given to posing, but that
was not true. The pose with him was
natural; he did not seek It; it sought him.
It was the same with Pius IX. The pon
tificate creates a second nature.
ergy. Judgment, piety, virtues and
services are matters of record. He united
in' admirably proportioned degrees the
apostolic mildness with the administrative
rigor; he made himself at the same time
loved and feared. Personally he was a
man of stately bearing. His voice was
sonorous and. brilliant when he preached
and slightly nasal in familiar conversa
tion.
POPE LEO XIII entered his pon
tificate In the sixty-eighth year
of his age. a »ng-trled prelate,
whose strength of character, en-
"He recollects many of the people he
receives after intervals of as Ions: as stxty
years. Many years ago. when Lord
Palmerston was Premier, hla Holiness
visited England and was presented to tha
Queen and Prince Consort. Of that' visit
he still remembers the small details, and
only a short time ago he mentioned Sir
James Graham, who vas one of the Min
isters of the period, and spoke of the part
he took in a controversy respecting pests
and telegraphs." Again, when a Miss
O'Connell was presented to the Pope a
short time ago. Tils Holiness asked
whether she was a relative of the distin
guished parliamentarian of that name,
and on learning that she was his niece ha
said: ."I well recollect hearing your uncla
speak In the House of Commons."
His handwriting is peculiar enough to
excite Interest even If it were not that of
the Pope. It Is exceedingly small and of
very careful, laborious construction, as if
each of the Infinitesimal characters waj
formed with the most painstaking care.
In Its airy delicacy It resembles a lady's
hand, but the mosaic elaboration of every
stroke has something highly scholastic
about It. Under his diminutive signature
the Pope leaves half an inch of vacant
space and then completes it by flvo
dashes, growing successively smaller and
smaller.
Pope Leo XIILhad a marvelous mem
ory, which he retained up to the last.
Speaking of him In December, 1S36. Arch
bishop Stonor, who frequently attended on
him. said:
"It may be also partly for this reason
that it Is so difficult— I had almost said
ini possible— to obtain an autograph of Leo
XIII, or even a simple signature.
"But let me also add that there is an
other reason for this. The Pope has a
real dread that his writing might be mada
to serve as a pretext for speculation
speculation In the sale of photographs
bearing his signature— as occurred in the.
days of Plus IX.
"Between 4 and 5 o'clock In the after
noon the Pope used to take his walk. At
this time no one unconnected with the
court was admitted to the gardens of the
Vatican. An eyewitness, however, who
had the good fortune to make friends
with the gardener. Salvatori. was placed
by him so as to be able to see the Pope
on one of his daily rambles. Leo XIII ad
vanced with long strides. h!s imposing fig
ure becomingly dressed in the simple and
majestic Pontifical robes. The Pcpe pre
ceded most of his suite, as if he wished
to rest In solitude after the long day of
his public duties. To the great disap
pointment of Salvatori, who had prepared
some rustic seats, the Pope did not profit
by them. lie stopped a moment before
the lattice of the aviary, smiled at tha
golden pheasants, at the fantailed pig
eons, with the benevolence of a St. Fran
cis d'Asslsl, then resumed his walk, pen
etrating the thicket which occupies a
large part of the garden. 'His Holiness."
Sclvatori explained, 'takes a rapid walk
of an hour and a half every day till the
Ave Maria'.' In the middle of a large
square, carefully graveled, were repro
duced, by a design In young boxwood, cut
close and carefully trimmed, the arraa of
the Pope, with the legend. 'Leo XIII.
Pent. Max..' the cypress, the star and tha
lilies of the Peccls being carefully out
lined. Leo XIII did not pay much atten
tion to the work of Salvatori, but ona
need not therefore conclude that his Holi
ness did not care for art. It was. he who
ordered all the tapestries which are in
the Vatican to be collected and placed in
chronological order and according to tha
schools to which they belong, a collection
which will be of exceptional importance,
and In many ways he showed his Inter
est In things not ecclesiastical but relat
ing to general culture."
" 'No one really knows anything about
It. We only see the light In the Pope's
room. The general opinion Is that he 13
praying or meditating. But one thing at
least is certain., he is not writing. He 13
very much averse to using the pen at all,
for his hand trembles.'
"When I asked a certain very well In
formed prelate as to how the Holy Father
occupied himself during: this laps© of
time, he replied:
to Rome, or perhaps to some member of
the Roman- aristocracy— of that portion
of It which has remained faithful to the
Holy See. be it well understood. About
10 p. m. the Pope retires to hla room,
where he remains shut up until half past
11 o'clock.
Zeal Shown as Priest, Bishop and
Cardinal Win Him this
Triple Crown.
Of Slight Build, His Powers of
Endurance Stand Alone
in History.
Dead Ruler's Countenance Famous
¦ for Its Heart-Winning
(^ LLQ.LLt.LQ5%
The Pontiffs Academical Triumphs
Stamp Him as a Scholar
at Nineteen.
HIS MATIVE TOWM
THE BIRTHPLACE OF
THREE OTHER POPES
SPIRIT THAT DEATH
RELEASED LEAVES
WORK-WORN BODY
DEATH OF LEO XIII SEALS A RECORD OF SIXTY
SIX YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE CHURCH HE RULED
•THE .SAN. FBAuSTCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1903.
Continued on Pago 6, Column &
4Continued on Page 6, Columa C
Continued' on Page 6, Column 1.
THE new Pope, Is taken to the altar,
where he is clothed in the pure
white robe of . the Sovereign Pon
tiff. .The distinguishing color of
the Pope Is white, of a Cardinal
red,* of a Bishop purple and of a
priest black.; Enthroned on the altar the
Pope receives the obedience of all the Car
dinals,-.the Cardinal chamberlain placing
on his hand the Fisherman's Ring. In the
meantime the masons remove the wall un
der, the arch over, the balcony, and all go
in procession to the balcony over the main
entrance to the Vatican. There the Car
dinal, dean proclaims the election to the
people waiting - outside. The following
Sunday Is generally set apart for the coro
nation of the new Pppe. He is carried by
the highest nobility in procession, the Car
dinals, Archbishops, Bishops, the Minis
ters and Embassadors of foreign nations,
the pontifical army, whose officers are no
bles, composing the procession. Swiss
Guards do duty by guarding the proces
sion. .It enters St. Peter's, where for the
first time .the newly e.ected father of
Christendom and vicar of Christ ascends
tho oldest and; most venerable throne in
the world— the ..throne of Peter. Here a*
very touching ceremony takes place be
fore his throne. Lest the Pope should be
carried away by the power he wields and
blinded -by the glided pageantry o'f, the
world..-tbe. master .of ceremonies draws
near ; to the Pope and burns 'a little tow
or i flax ¦ on . a silver tray, repeating three
times, .'.'Sic ¦ transit gloria muridl" (thus;
Holy Father, -all; the glory of the world
passes away).* -Solemn high. mass Is sung,
during* which the • Pope receives the pal
lium from, the Cardinal dean. The pallium
was once the ; distinguishing garment of
the Jewish hlgn priest."
After mass the -Pops goes to the balcony
of ,: St.- Peter's. , where '-his miter, which
belongs to him as Bishop, Is removed and
the: dean .places the .tiara on the Pope's
head.- -The': origin of the -tiara' Is not
clearly histcried. It is - symbolic of his
office. as Pontiff, priest and king. It has
encircled his honored brow for ages, while
every : other < monarch only wears for hi* ;
crown a* single circlet ; of • ' gold. In . the
first circle of the tiara is centered the
Installation
and Coronation
Ceremonies
Any Catholic
Is Eligible to
Office of Pope
>» NY man In the Catholic church Is
eligible to the office of Pope, be he
Cardinal or Bishop, orlest or lay-
man.", married or single. The Car r
dinals /are free in this matter,^ but
from- the- time of Urban VI the "cus
tom .has . prevailed of electing a
Cardinal, and an Italian Cardinal at that.
In these: United States the laWj, obtains
that he who Is elected to the Presidency
must be" born in the States, but the Cath
olic church la still more democratic, for
any man who is a Catholic Is eligible to
the Papacy. Only a pagan, a heretic or
an excommunicated I person is excluded
from election. Should a married man be
elected. he, .would have to separate, like
Peter of old, from his wife and 'receive
holy orders and episcopal consecration at
the hands of the Bishop of Ostia: so that
any man in the Catholic church may be a
candidate for Pope. Nowadays an Ital
ian Cardinal Is usually elected because of
the great interests of the church in the
city of Rome. The Immense property and
wealth that has been accumulating for
nineteen centuries In Rome seems to de
mand it. • One visit to Rome will easily
convince that great interests are at stake
and that Borne is the only place for the
Pope's residence, being the center of cul
ture, refinement and civilization. Natfir
ally an : Italian Pope prefers his own coun-
) Seraflno Vannutelll has. traveled much,
firstly In Mexico and South America and
later among the nunciatures. Ha has
been at Brussels and Vienna. If it is trua
that traveling (onus man's mind, his mind
Cardinal Seraflno Vannutelll is looked
upon as a serious "Papabile." for he ta tha
only one among the candidates, with tha
exception of Cardinal Svampa, who has
allowed himself to be distinctly put for
ward as in favor of conciliation between
the papacy 'and the monarchy of Savoy.
If at any moment during tha next con
clave the triple alliance group should ob
tain the upper hand Cardinal Vannutelll
will have a great chance of being elected.
Apart ' from this rather unlikely contin
gency he .will only have passed beside tha
tiara to see it placed on other brows than
his own. These who put him forward as
a Germanophlle Pope would find them
selves much mistaken if he were elected.
He accepts the part assigned to him be
cause it may lead to the satisfaction of
his ambition, but that does not prevent
his living . in excellent intelligence with
those who. officially * or not. represent
French Influence in Rome. An auditor or
the Rota, who is not a German and who
was the friend of Lacordalre. holds him
in high esteem and makes much of him
in a way which suggests that if It cams
to the point France would not refuse him
her support. «
Cardinal ScraHno Vannutelli.
Oreglia returned to Rome and revenged
himself for his disgrace by ostentatiously
refusing to salute the King as h« passed
along the Porta Pla promenade. This was
contrary to the example set by the other
members of the Sacred College, who al
ways courteously saluted the monarch
when they met him on the promenade.
Luigi was not. strictly speaking, an
"eagle." but he has been pushed vigorous
ly forward by the Solaro delta Margherlta.
who were very powerful at the pontifical
court and who got him an entry into tha
nunciatures. He was successively ap
pointed to Holland, Belgium and Portugal.
During his residence in Lisbon he pestered
Queen Maria Pia. almost with menaces,
to exhort her father. King Victor Em
manuel, to abdicate or give up the con
quest of Rome. His importunities became
so unbearable that Queen Maria Pla com
plained directly to her godfather. Plus IX,
who thought fit to recall his too zealous
nuncio.
Luigi Oreglia di Santo Stef ano la 72 yean
of age. He is a Piedmontese by birth.
His double quality of s'enior of the Sacred
College and Cardinal Camerlengo givss
him a considerable advantage. During an
"interregnum" the Camerlengo is a spe
cies of interim Pope, who can revolution
ize the pontifical court, appoint, displace,
substitute or revoke the highest officials.
In other words, he is the most to ba feared
of all the Sacred College, and by the hope
or fear of the good or harm he Is capable
of doing during his ephemeral pontlflcata
he can create In advance a network of ad
herents and friendships capable of exer
cising great weight at the moment of the
election. Leo XIII was Camerlengo at tha
moment of the death of Plus IX.
Oreglia will be the candidate of the irre
concilable and reactionary party. By
birth, education and temperament he in
clines toward a retrograde policy. Hla
father, Baron Oreglia di Santo Stefano.
married in second wedlock tho sister of
Count Solaro della Margherlta, Minister
of King Charles Albert, a deadly enemy
of reforms, who by his narrow minded
and cowardly advice would have destroyed
his sovereign had not the King been cap
able of causing his own destruction with
out the assistance of his Ministers.
The second wife of Earon Oreglia loved
the four children of Tier predecessor, the
eldest of whom, a brave man, entered the
Grenadier Guard, went brilliantly through
tne campaign of 1S49 and died afterward.
The second became a Jesuit and was one
of the big men of the "Clvlllta Cattollca."
official organ of the Society of Jesus.
The fourth was a kind of prodigal son,
and gayly squandered his fortune in Paris,
after which he became a hermit— or, to
speak more precisely, was first received
among the Saleslans of Dom Bosco. and
af».««rward by the Jesuits. There was
never anything remarkable about him but
his nose, the length and bigness of which
left him nothing to envy Cyrano de Ber
gerac, who has become doubly famous.
Cardinal Oreglia.
THE CALL'S Washington corre
epondent some time ago asked
Cardinal Gibbons, at Baltimore,
who was likely to succeed the
Pope In the event of the de
mise of Leo XIII. "Ah." said he. "out ,of
fifty-eight Cardinals who are eligible it
would be hard to say. But I think he will
certainly be an Italian, as they have near
ly a majority of all the Cardinals who will
be members of the Sacred College."
The correspondent had learned through
private letters from Rome, however, that
Pope Leo's successor will in all probabil
ity be one of the following, via.: Oreglla.
Vannutelll (Seraflno), Gotti, Svarnpa or
Rampolla, and their chances are In tha
order named.
.The voting in the conclave takes place
In the chapel twice a day. morning and
evening. Each Cardinal has a desk deco
rated with his coat of arms assigned to
him.. Immediately. before the election be
gins . an Augustinian monk celebrates
mass.' \ When the j mass " is concluded all
the attendants withdraw. leaving the
Cardinals severely alone. - They then pre
pare to cast their first ballot. Two-thirds
of the votes must be given by ballot to
validly elect. When the Cardinals cannot
agree-they can- select- two Cardinals and
leave the election of the Pope to them.
This is. called, an, election by compromise,
and when all without delay proclaim a
certain one for. Pope, as If by inspiration,
this is called an election by quasl-Inspira
tion. Leo XIII was elected in this way.
His | electjon was due to Cardinal An
tonelll. While they could not agree on
a .two-third ballot. Cardinal Antonelli,
seeing that Cardinal PecchI was gaining
in favor at' each ballot, went over to him,
knell down and kissed his hand and
saluted him as the holy father. The
other Cardinals took In the situation and
with one. acclaim proclaimed him Pope.
Thus Leo XIII owes his election to quasl
inspffation. 'When the ballots are counted
and no one has received a two-thirds vote
the voting papers are taken to a fireplace
and burned. ;. The smoke ascending
through a certain chimney is a sign to an
Immense concourse of people assembled
outside for" news of the election and to
obtain the . new. holy - father's blessing,
that the Cardinals have not yet decided
on any One for Pope. When they see the
smoke they return to their homes, to come
again in the evening or the morning, as
the case may be. . Then the Cardinals re
tire to their apartments to await the next
ballot. Th.s Is repeated each day until
a Pope is elected. Before the voting takes
place a number of committees of Car
dinals are chosen to Inspect the votes, to
revise the election and -to certify to Its
legality, and ; regularity.
try and the city of Rome as his residence.
For an Italian turns to Rome as naturally
as the magnet turns to the pole. Even
the Italians of this country long for the
deep blue Italian sky and the balmy cli
mate of Italy, which is the most salubri
ous and enchanting- climate of any on
earth. Again, history tells us that the
Frenchmen who were elected to the Papal
chair returned to France, built magnifi
cent palaces and dwelt there, conducting
the business of the" church from the city
of Avignon. But to-day these palaces are
empty arid of no value ' to the church
since Pope Gregory returned to Rome
from Avignon at the persuasion of St.
Catherine of Sienna. The Pope has re
mained in Rome ever since.
candidate- they retire again to consider
another; candidate for the next .election.
.When two T thlrds of the ballots are given
to any one person, he Is declared Pope and
the conclave is over. The youngest Car
dinal; then rings a bell, calls all the Car
dinals around the newly elected. The
Cardinal dean asks^im if he accepts the
canonical election to the supreme ponti
ficate; if he" say? he accepts, forthwith he
becomes Pope, head of the church. Bishop
of Rome,, father of Christendom, vicar of
Christ and Sovereign Pontiff. Should he
refuse,, the chair is still vacant and an
other election is In order. Should he hes
itate, he is. asked three times. On his ac
ceptance-the Cardinal dean genuflects be
fore him/ asking him by what name 'he
shall be known to Christendom in, the fu
ture, and by this name he is known ever
after. .
Rampolla One of
the PossibiU
ities.
Cardinal Oreglia ]
Has Strong
Support
Prelates Who Ap*
pear to Tie Most
Favored.
ITALIAN
WILL BE
PONTIFF
Ceremony i of 'Verifying the Dea^
Dean Summons
the Cardinals
to a Conclave
The doors are finally t and solemnly
closed, and no -one is allowed to pass in or
out except the Cardinals who perchance
may be late in coming from foreign coun
tries. Each Cardinal is allowed to have
two members of his household in personal
attendance upon him. These are called
conclavists. A . number of other attend
ants are, also allowed inside the conclave,
viz.. a carpenter, a mason, a sacristan, a
friar or monk to hear confessions, a num
ber of barbers, eight or ten porters and
Behind Closed Doors.
As Pope Leo has remained at the Vatican
as a prisoner ajnee his election the Vati
can will in all probability be the place of
the next election. Again, the Vatican con
tains 1100 rooms, and there is a Very spa
cious hall in the Vatican set apart and
fitted up for this special purpose for the
election of the Pope. Each Cardinal Is
allowed two rooms, called cells, one for
himself and one for his secretary. During
these days, and up to this time, the usual
everyday official business of the Car
dinals' lives goes on. Ministers and Em
bassadors come to transact business with
the various Cardinals. They stand before
them with uncovered heads and in the
same manner as before the Pope himself,
since the Cardinals have now assumed
supreme power In the chorch. Only one
Cardinal responds to the questions asked
by the representatives" of the various
Governments, namely, the Dean of the
Sacred College. Finally a sermon Is de
livered in Latin on the solemn duties of
the conclave, and they go in procession to
the place where the conclave is to meet.
The papal choir, consisting of the best
male voices In Rome, is in attendance,
and they sing the "Venl Creator." Whea
the Cardinals assemble in the chapel 'the
bulls are once again read, and again they
take the oath to conscientiously observe
the canons regulating the election. An
address is delivered by the Cardinal dean
as an exhortation to, do their duty con
scientiously. Up to this time the Car*
dinals are in communication with the out
side world. They receive visitors, trans
act business, etc; but at the stroke of the
midnight bell the master of the ' cere
monies rings a silver bell and all who .--re
not of the conclave retire.
Election in the Vatican.
rHE dean of the Sacred College at
the Pope's death summons every
Cardinal in Rome and throughout
the whole world to take part in
the election. There is no exception to
this rule, if any Cardinal were
prevented from casting his vote it
would Invalidate the election. In {he
primitive ages of the church even the
laity had a voice In the selection of tho
Sovereign Pontiff, but in these days the
election Is entirely In the hands of Car
dinals and their vote it is that decides"
who it is that is to be the legitimate
Pope.
The elections begin at least ten days
after the Pontiffs death. If the foreign
Cardinals cannot arrive In Rome, either
through sickness or old age or other In
disposition, the election proceeds, and the
College of Cardinals cannot wait any
longer. Should any Cardinal arrive after
the ten days have elapsed he has a right
to enter the conclave then in session. In
the first session of the conclave each of
the Cardinals takes a solemn oath on the
Gospels to observe the canons that refer
to the election in the conclave. The
bulls of the nine Popes who legislated on,
the mode of procedure In the election of
the Pope by ballot In the conclave are
read aloud to them. The Fisherman's
Ring, being part of the insignia of the
Holy Father, is now unsealed by the mas
ter of the ceremonies, and the first session
of the conclave comes to a close. On the
second day the various officers of the
pontifical states come to pay their re
spects to the Cardinals, and receive con
firmation in their various offices, and the
next three days are spent in elections' to
the' different offices that are to be filled
In the conclave. On the sixth day the
cells that each Cardinal Is to occupy are
allotted to him, where both the Cardinal
and his secretary are to dwell during the
whole time of the conclave. •
When the election takes place in Rome
it takes place either at .the Qulrinal or at
tne Vatican palace. The fact that the
Quirinal is now in the hands of the Gov
ernment and the residence of the present
King will preclude the next election being
held at the Qulrinal. Pope Pius IX was
elected at the Quirinal, while Pope Leo
XIII was elected at the Vatican. Should
the Pope die In any other city than Rome
the election can take place in that city.
«¦» w «j(I£X the Pope dies the Camer-
M M ylengo gently strikes the head
f#/of the dead Pontiff with a
wooden mallet, calling him by
name to verify his death. It Is
mere ceremony, coming from the old Idea
of verifying the death of the Pope, and has
its origin In the fact that many people
were buried alive, and so to be absolutely
cure of the death of the Holy Father this
simple ceremony takes place.' He Is pro
nounced dead and the offices of the church
are celebrated with an unusual splendor
for the repose of his soul. The Basilica
cf Bt. John's Is draped in black velvet
asd gold bullion. The obsequies tak«
place In the grand Basilica, of St. Peter's,
•nd all Rome turns out in deep mourning
for the father of all Christendom.
The holy sacrifice of the mass Is cele
brated with the greatest ceremony, the
efficiatlng clergyman being the Bishop of
Ostla. The sound of the sixty silver
trumpets that are wont to play Vivlani's
Erand march 500 feet up in the great dome
et the solemn entrace of the Pontiff Into
6t. Peter's gives place to the solemn dirge
of the requiem by the papal choir, and
the Pope's remains are afterward depos
ited in a sarcophagus specially prepared
for their reception over the door of the
great earrlsty of the papal court, where
they remain till a mausoleum is built
either in the church or In the cemetery
designated by the Sovereign Pontiff while
he Is still in the \igor of manhood. When
his sepulcher is ready a day Is fixed and
the remains of the Pope are translated to
their last resting- place.
Days of Persecution.
During the first centuries of the exist
ence of the Catholic church persecution
drove the faithful into the very bowels of
the earth, where they constructed large
caves cut out of soft rock called tufa
granularia that underlies the city of
Rome. Down in these caverns the suc
cessors of St. Peter were elected to the
highest throne on earth— the throne of the
Galilean fisherman that has withstood
the storms of nineteen centuries and baJe
defiance to the Intrigues of nations and
of people that the church might fulfill her
mission on earth and bear out Christ'*
prophetic words that "tHe gates of hell
should not prevail against her," and that
"Christ is to be with her even to the con
summation of the world." Down in these
catacombs It was. that the first pontiffs
were elected for over S00 years.
The royal houses of the world are only
of yesterday compared with the endur
ing line of the Papacy. Our own United
States goes back but one hundred years.
The Bourbons of France and the Haps
burgs of Austria boast of but a few hun
dred years' reign. England changes from
day to day and becomes more and mor6
republican. The German enipire only
dates from 170L The house of Napoleon
collapsed after the Franco-Prussian war.
The Czar of Russia's history is very short
end is written In pages of human blood.
Italy is but a child compared with the
Papacy. The Papacy r&es back 1900 -rears
to the dawn of civilization and is the
link between the new world and the old.
It brings us back to when the world was
jiagan and the smoke of the .sacrifice
ascended from the pagan altars of Greece
and Rome. In the reign of Fope St. Syl
vester the Empress Helena, mother, of
Constantlne. placed .it the Pope;s dis
posal the beautiful palace of the Lateran.
in which she built a chapel for the Sov
ereign Pontiff, which was afterward
called St. Jchn Lateran. It exists to
the present day and (s called the mother
cf all churches. The inscription over the
present edifice built on that very spot is
"Mater Omnium Ecclcsiai-um" (the moth
er of all churches). The first fifty-six
Popes were canonized saints and the first
twenty-nine Popes gave up their lives In
testimony of the faith and were bonord on
the altars as martyrs.
Pope Is Elected for Life.
The Pope is elected for llfe-roncea Pop«
a Pope till death— and even when dead tha
Cardinals do not wield hi* power. The
Cardinals are to the church what the
Senate of old Rome was to the peoplo
and what the Senate of this country Is to
the United States. The administration of
the church during the Interregnum be
longs to the Cardinals. The dean of the
Sacred College is their president. They
can undertake no important change in
the affairs of the church. The duty that
devolves upon them then is to elect the
next successor to St. Peter. Pope Greg
ory X so legislated In the year 1T73. They
cannot create new Cardinals nor new
Bishops. Sixtus V gave the Roman con
gregations ordinary jurisdlct.cn during
the vacancy of the Holy See on account
of urgent cases that come UP every day
and cannot be postponed lest detriment
would accrue to souls by business being
left unsettled. Hence the Cardinals have
universal Jurisdiction over the whole
church during a vacancy and they can,
where danger to the church or matters of
great importance turn up, administer and
pass Judgment in such urgent cases.
Should a dispute or doubt arise about the
\-alidity or legality of the Pope's election
a council of the whole church Is in order
and If this becomes impossible the Col-
side of the paper, folds it, seals it
with his own seal, made for him and
supplied "•for- - the --occasion.--- An t altar
is erected at the end of' the
chapel 'and a large gold chalice and paten
are placed thereon. The inspectors of
election take their place at the altar. - The
Cardinal Bishop of Ostla «is the first to
rise." He writes his name on his ballot in
public at the center of the table, and ap
proaching the altar kneels, prays and ris
ing says: "I take Christ our.Lord to wit
ness I vote for the one whom In the
sight of God I deem worthy, and I will do
the same in case the accesus is used." He
then places the sealed ballot oh" the paten
and allows it to fall into. the chalice. The
Cardinals, now approach in border of rank
and .vote after -the same manner. ' The
sick Cardinals send their votes 'through
the committee appohited. The first Cardi
nal Inspector covers the chalice .with the
paten and t shakes It. The third Cardinal
inspector counts the ballots and sees that
they agree with, the number of Cardinals
present. If there Is any discrepancy the
ballots are burned and they > begin the
election anew. Three Inspectors then read
the names of each candidate r aloud, so
that each name be heard by, all. Each
Cardinal writes the name f so read at his
own desk and keeps; an account of the
votes cast for each candidate. The bal
lots are then returned once again to the
chalice. ¦ K| two-thirds of the \ vote are
given to, any.one person he becomes elect
ed,- but If- the" two-thirds are not given tc
any one; and .they cannot agree. on any
THE ballots are printed on paper,
and each Cardinal writes the, name
of his choice ) for Pope_ on the In-
precautions are necessary - to withstand
any pressure that might be ; brought .to
bear on the conclave and ¦'. to allow ' the
Cardinals to vote for him who seems, best
fit before God to spiritually govern 250,
000,000 of people. The whole building Is
searched to see there Is no "one there ex
cept those who have a* right to.be, and
this search takes place twice every day.
Even the food is searched for secret docu
ments to see thatit' contains no'letters or
advices or matters 'prejudicial to the con
scientious and Just election of the Pontiff.
How Balloting
for Holy Office
Is Conducted
lege of Cardinals can proclaim who Is the
legitimate Pope, Impeach the usurper and
depose him. By an old tradition the Bish
op of Ostla Is dean of the Sacred Colleg6
of Cardinals. It belongs to him as the
Bishop of Ostla and he, as president of
that august body, carries on the business
of the church during the interregnum.
The most extraordinary precautions are
taken to shut out intrigues and political
influence. Each of the European nations
naturally takes an Interest in the election
and zealously- tries to have the election
turn out to Its own Interest.: 'All these
The word "conclave" comes from ' the
fact of closing -the door with a ' key.
"Clavis" in Latin means a key. The word
conclave refers to. the inclosure as well as
to the body of Cardinals lw session. All
secular influence ceases for good, so as to
leave the Cardinals untrammeled in their
selection of a successor to St. Peter. This
assembly of Cardinals is the most august
assembly in the world, is the only as
sembly that is known by the word con
clave. In the veins of these Cardinals
flows the purest and richest and noblest
blood on earth. They are the sons of the
old Romans', descended from the conquer
ors of the world, heirs of the Senators of
old Rome who made and unmade nations.
The cells in which the Cardinals are : to
dwell during elections are , twenty feet,
square and twenty feet high. The cells of
the Cardinals who have been elected to
office by the late Pope are decorated with
violet tapestry, while the cells of the older
Cardinals are covered with green or red.
The cell " is "divided" into ' two" compart
ments, one for the Cardinal and the other
for his secretary. A Cardinal of princely
rank may have three cells and two sec
retaries for personal attendants. When all
are assembled within, the windows and all'
entrances to the ' conclave are closed.
There is only one door to the conclave,
and thl3 Is locked with a double key, one
on the outside and one on the inside.' The
governor, who is a cardinal appointed by
the Sacred College, holds one key on the
inside, and the marshal, who Is a lay of
ficial,,on the outside, is the custodian of
the other key. There are four apertures
in the walls, called gates, through which
all their meals are passed' and anything
else that is absolutely required. All this
is to avoid any communication with the
.outer world and to prevent fraud or polit
ical influence being used on the Cardinals
In the casting of their votes. The outside
halls' are also locked and the ¦ Cardinal
Camerlengo keeps these keys. Papal
troops are drawn up in attendance- and
are in charge of one of the Princes of the
house of Chlgl, who also takes charge of
some of the outer keys and guards the
conclave from violence, = ' ¦ •
several other, domestics to do common ser
vice to the whole body of Cardinals. "
Compromise Sys*
tern to End
Deadlocks.
Members of the College of Carfiincds y Ohe df W
Two-Thirds Vote
Necessary to
Choice.
Jlny Catholic May
Aspire to the
Place.
HOW MEW
POPE IS
ELECTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; eTOLY 21, 1903.
CARDINALS WILL ASSEMBLE IN SECRET CONCLAVE
AND BALLOT UNTIL SUCCESSOR OF LEO IS CHOSEN
5Pope Leo at His Devotions in the Sistine Chapel.
universal headship of the Catholic church.
one fold and one *hepher& In the second"
the supremacy of jurisdiction as pastor or
shepherd; and in the third circle is cen
tered the temporal dominion which the
Penes enjoyed over a thousand years.
Although the tiara only dates' from about
1240. yet the thing symbolised by it dates
back to Christ's commission to Peter.
The last act of the coronation of the
Pope Is the taking possession of the
Basilica of St. Jehn Lateran, the oldest
.. church In -the world. Here the; Popes
! lived for over a thousand years, but since
the Popes took up their abode at the
Vatican they still go to SL John's sol
emnly after their coronation to take po3\
session of their cathedral. At the portal
of St. John Lateran the arch-priest pre
sents a gold cross 'to the Pope to kiss.
He Is presented with the keys of the
Basilica. *ne key of which Is of pure gold
and the other of virgin silver. The va«t
procession takes Its way to the large
council hall made famous by Kings and
Emperors, men 'of fetters and; historic
personages of past age;, and from the
balcony the Pope addresses the people and
distributes large alms. He then returns
to the palace of the Vatican.
Earnest Plea
for Unity Mmong^
Jill Christians
¦ , , . . -
/N ' the following year he . Issued . an
other notable encyclical, .'in which
he pleaded earnestly for; unity among
,' Christians, his v.ords being -speeially
addressed to and Greek Cath
olics. \ln: It/!too, he clearlyydeflned>the
lines which in his Judgment^should fsepa.
rate the respective spheres "of the' church
and Htate. . v./J,-' < ; ; ' '
Masonry he denounced as a grave per
il, claiming that* "under cover, of 'pro
tecting tho rights- of man . arid reforming
society.' it assails 'Christian > institutions."
And he continues: ¦ *.¦.<-
Vlt -repudiates all .revealed doctrines
arid ; : religious duties. >' ':'. Sacraments .'*, It
blames', as superstitious. '; Marriage, ¦ ' the
idea of family, the education of youth, it
strives to" deprive' of; their' Christian
character, aiming also at' . the" destruc-'
tion of the, -popular, respect for, divine
and human power. The cult it orders is
the cult of • nature. And it holds up the
principles of nature as the one measure'
Continued From Page 5,, Column 0.
«yv URING the year 1S79 the Pope ad
¦ / J dressed to air the rulers In Chrls
, tendom an unusually Important en
. cyclical, in which the labor ques
tion occupied a very prominent
part. His Holiness had long hoped
that before the end of his pon
tificate it would be his privilege to bring
about a bette* understanding between
capitalists and workingmen, or, rather,
between the so-called masses and classes,
and in .this encyclical he pointed out
those steps which. In his opinion, might
veil be taken with the object of attain
ing such a desirable result. Among other
things he said:
"A strike can be justified only as a
means of defense when an individual's
Interest is attacked. Never can It be
justified as a collective arm of aggres
sion. •, • • • The operative on strike is
a passive and dominated instrument, not
an Intelligent and free being. While his
action lessens the capital of the employ
er, it puts no money into his own pocket.
• • • The right of protecting the opera
tive, whether In the . factory or -in the
f.eld, shall be admitted, and for this pur
pose the maximum of labor as .well as
the minimum of . salary - shall s be axed. ;
The hours of labor shall be 'arranged,
giving due attention to, days of rest and
Abstention from labor. Laws have been
Consideration
of the Vexed
Labor Question
Pontiffs View
of Socialism
and Nihilism
/N his encyclical against socialism,
January, 1879, the Pope said: "We, now
speak of those sects of; men who, un-
der different and almost barbarous
names, v are called socialists. com-;
munista" or nihilists, and who, scat
tered through the whole world; and
closely bound together by 'an unholy
alliance, no Ionge& shelter themselves in
the darkness of secret cabals, but boldly
advance In full daylight and labor to
achieve their purpose, long since formed,
of undermining the foundation of all civil
society.
"Seduced by that greed for worldly
things^ which is 'the ' roof of all evil,
which, while many have coveted/' they
have erfed from. the faith.' they attack
tho ; right; of property sanctioned Dy nat
ural law. and, by j'an' abominable crime,
while. they pretend to provide for all the
necessities and desires of man,' they labor
to take from him arid render common *tll
that Is acquired; either by ¦ legitimate in
heritance or by labor of mind or body^ or
by economy.". . - - • V ... , ¦ ~
the Catholic hierarchy who had approved
of them. They claimed that there was
nothing in the Pope's letter which really
condemned their teachings, but only the
French misunderstanding of those teach
ings. Nevertheless, it was fejt that the
Pope had declared himself on the side of
conservatism as against the more pro
gressive element in Catholic America, and
there were corresponding Rejoicings
among the exponents of a more reaction
ary policy. -
Intolerance
Not a Part
Of His Creed
Official Papers of Head of Catholic Church on Questions of Social
Moment Are Marvels of Strength and .Clearness of Diction:
Continued From Page 4, Column 7.
"Every .effort "should be" made to-In
crease the number of Intelligent and well
disposed writers who take religion for
their .guide an<l .virtue 'for their, constant
companion. The. Bishops. \ placed ', in" the
lofty; positions of •."> authority, are, to;. be
obeyed, and suitable honors, befitting the
magnitude and .sanctity of .their office,
should be paid them. Now, this reverence,
•which it Is. lawful to no one to ¦neglect,
should of necessity bo eminently conspic
uous and. exemplary : in Catholic.Journal
ists.' for their •• Journals, whlch f are ¦ circu
lated : far and .wide, come dally Into the
hands of everybody and exert no small in
fluence upon the opinions and morals of
the multitude.'/iKMSfBteB
Inl February ,.1899,, the Pope. startled the
entire Catholic^- world in his open ' letter
to Cardinal Gibbons.' wherein /the Holy
Father expressed' disapproval of what the
French , and : Italian "clergy- had
"Amtricanism'' among, the faithful in the
United States.' A translation of "Thy Life
of S Father, Hecker,". founder ; 6f the" Paul
l*t order: in, New : York, T had given occa
sion' to the ; charge "that a, portion of the
American hierarchy ', leaned * too much ;' to
ward .'a liberal 'policy in '^church discipline
and\to"< innovations in religious rule that
"e*cmed to threaten' the' Integrity of Cath- 1
ollc doctrine. ; The friends ; of the Paulists
Insisted that the : French translation had
done serious. injustice to the views really
held j by' Father Heck'er and- his blbg
rayher, "as" well ¦ ok) bV" those j members ' of
/N January, 1893, the Pope's long ex
pected encyclical to the church in this
country was made pufatfc.Mgr. Satolll
was appointed Apogtollc delegate to
America in January, 1S93, which position
ho held until his election as cardinal,
"when ' he was' succeeded by. Archbishop
Martlnelli, and in this encyclical. the full
scope oX his work was defined. In this
document His Holiness also expressed
disapproval o'f labor riots, and further
discussed the relations ot Catholics to
secret societies and of 'Journalists to the
bishops. On 'these points he says:
"The Roman Pontiff, since he cannot
personally visit the different regions and
thus exercise the pastoral office over the
flock intrusted to him,. find/ It necessary
from time to time to dispatch delegates
into different parts of the world, accord
ing as the need arises, who, supplying his
place, may correct errors, make the rough.
ways plain and administer! to the people
confided to their care Increased means of
ealvatlon. But how unjust and baseless
would be the suspicion, should any exist,
that the powers conferred on the delegate
are an obstacle to the authority *«6f the
Bishops. Sacred to us (mora than to any.
other) are the rights of those 'whom the
Holy Ghost has placed as Bishops to rule
the church of God.*' That these rights
should remain intact in every nation. In
every part of the globe we both , desire
and ought to desire, since the dignity of
the individual .Bishops is by nature so in
terwoven with the dignity, of the Roman
Pontiff that any measure which benefits
the. one necessarily protects the other.
Scope of Work
of the Church
in America
spects. he was at the same time a ,true
child of t£e century, and hence he could
not be blind to the march of events. He
saw" the meaning of modern progress and
he recognized the potency of modern
Ideas.' A man of narrow mind might have
come forth as a champion against them,"
but not such a man was Leo. Intolerance
formed no part of*fils creed; class preju
dices found no favor in his eyes. In hl3
masterly encyclicals he spoke authorita
tively and most wisely, not always on
purely ecclesiastical* subjects' but very
often also • on subjects which are of
world-wide secular interest.. Thus he was
more than an ecclesiastic; he was alsb a
great statesman. .Of his personal charac
ter all who were ever privileged to know
him have spoken , in the highest 'terms.
That he, was .very ; charitable. and kindly.
Is known to all. In a word, he bore him
self .nobly ; in his. high ; office, and. now
that", he -has gone^ to ; his reward, all who
have watched his sterling. and loyal work
'will: admit that he was a true and emi
nently sagacious shepherd of the people.
The Popb's \ jubilee .was 'celebrated In
splendid '"style" in December, 1887, in com
memoration ;of^the fiftieth anniversary of
his entrance into the priesthood. He re
ceived ¦ on I this" occasion many handsome
gifts.: The Sultan sent an antique pastoral
ring '.Bet with precious, stones and- valued
at : $50,000. The Queen Regent of Spain
sent; a ring, one sapphire of which was
valued : at $15,000. ". The Emperor of Ger
many, sent a mtter^ worked, in gold and in
cfusted ¦ with rubies.'j emeralds, sapphires'
and brilliants,, costing 20.000 -francs, and
the : 3mpres£ accompanied, this with a set
of mass vestments valued at 30,000 francs.
The'Empress of Austria sent a gold tiara
valuedat 150,000 florins.' The Emperor of
Austria "joined ¦ with ; the , ladies - of ; Vienna
In sending a pectoral crow ' costing 100,000
florins. China sent a high personage with
rich* presents, including" a large contribu
tion L from the . Empress Regent. The
clergy and laity of the } archdiocese of
Paris subscribed 130,000 francs for a tiara;
ItMsmadeon a foundation of silver cloth!
embroidered; In fine pearls.' The triple
crown Is of gold studded • with j 600 dia
monds/rubles. 7 emeralds and sapphires. A'
large" diamond , caps the . cross : on* top. The
Syrian 'Catholics "tent a. cross and chain
costing '7000 rupees. Princess ' Clbttlde
Bonaparte,' sister of King Humbert, made
a magnificent cope of white satin, em-
br6ldered f wlth^ flowers. The* ladles of
vllle, Spain, sent" a clasp of gold set with
SSO precious stones,- mostly diamonds and
made almost universally for the protec
tion of women and children laboring In
factories and elsewhere, but in how
many cases have those Jaws beer, en
forced? Inspectors of work should be
appointed everywhere whose duties
should be to see that these laws are not
Infringed. 1 '
' In a word, the Pope maintained that
employers should try to understand the
pirns and desires of their workin?men
and should not leave tp unscrupulous
agitators the monopoly of social reform.
Jfe also claimed that Christianity is the
sole bulwark of. social order and that In
fidelity Is the, great stimulant of anarchy
end discontent.
/N April, 1SSS, Leo XIII issued a de
cree against the Parnellite "plan of
campaign," and against boycotting,
the Cardinals of the Supreme Con-
gregatlon of the Inquisition having
decided adversely to such means of war
fare. The promulgation of this edict
called forth a strong prorest from Ire
land.
Hj July. 1SS8. he issued his famous en
cyclical on "Liberty.*" the chief points of
which are:
"Liberty is liable to abuse. Modern 'lib
erties* are abuses. Natural liberty be
longs to men as rational beings. It is de^
rived from the soul. It is therefore de
pendent upon the Intellect. True liberty
therefore follows the dictates of the in
tellect. Liberty needs to be helped by a
law. This law is an eternal law. The in
dividual law applied to society becomes
human law. Liberty is therefore re
strained by obedience— (a) in the Individ
ual, to the natural taw; (b) in society, to
the human law.
proves every kind "of government"
"Liberalism bears evil fruits. God al
lows evil for greater good. Rulers should
keep this example bftore them. But lib
eralism allows no tolerance. Man should
submit to God. which liberalism does not
allow. One form of liberalism wishes to
separate the church from the state, and
allow the church to work thus separated.
Another form denies any power to the
church further than that of exhortation.
Some wish the church to go with the
times. All these opinions are false and
should be substituted by the true doctrine
previouely laid down. The church desires
her sons, except under certain conditions,
to take part in public affairs where pos
sible. , Saving faith and morals, she ap-
and the one rule of truth, honesty and
justice." . ...
The Muse Addresses the Poet.
la life's first flower upon the Leptln heights
What Jor. what glee, beneath the ancestral
roof! • ,
Viterbo. Kinfiiy nurse, then cherished thee.
And by Loyola"* »ons implanted deep
The seeds cf childhood piety. A youth.
Slow thy career In Muti's lofty balls.
Nor profited the famed Academy.
Ewt :.'ar.cr«, and all that noil* band
The rloom dispelled and lighted bright fhy
mind.
These opened up the« founts of truth divine.
And hallowed words of wisdom and of God
Taught thee. At Rome, you priesthood's
honor rained.
And fcer« the Doctor's laurels press your
brow.
Then Sala. prlDce, In Roman purple dight.
SCeir courage gives and heart cf great to
prise. ¦ '
VTlth him ac gvlit you enter your career,.
I>vol\irs in your mind hie councils mite.
Tfc*n Naples fair and Bcnever.to's clime
Thy rresenre claim to rule with ecua! sway.
Kir.braclng thee. Perugia rpeaks thee fair^
The high rouled Umber has thee as a guide.
But greater thing* remain; with mitred brows
Tou **«Jt--ifce Belgian *hcres— the Pontiff bids.
Ae£ there, unmoved, maintain the sacred
rights
Of Petex and the Apostolic chair.
EacV to thy native land, from'^wiotry coasts.
Tou trace egaln the well-remembered scenes.
The tower-girt city greets you once again.
And lore the dread espousals doth ordain—
The raystic bond of pastor and his church.
And here for thrice ten years you rule the
flock -.: .
And pasture them In plenty. Princely rack
In purple robes' is thine, and Belgic knight
hood's prize.
The ptwos tfcrong. the youth devote to God
And priest, all vie to give thee honor due,
Eut why recount the ileetlng dignities?.
Virtue alone is man's reward and prize.
TRANSLATED BT EDWARD F O'DAY.
B. A. flDOO). . \
tt. Irnatirt College. Ban Franciseo*-
K. B.— The mar.y allusions \o persons and
p!ace» contained in this poem are hardly lntel-
Usihlc »-!tbout further elucidation. They
could be easily cleared up. taoivever. by refer
ring, to any standard biography of the Pontiff.
1 hare u»ed with nuccess the "Life, of Leo
XIII." by Jehu Qldcastle. published by the
Catholic Publication Society Company of New
York— a book that has th« added attraction of
a beautiful chapter entitled 'The Pope f s City"
by Ur*. Mevnell. E. F". O'DAY.
Installation
and Coronation
Ceremonies
Continued From Page 5, Column 7.
Many other of the Cardinals are men
tioned, among them Cardinal Jacobini. the
nuncio at Lisbon, a subtle diplomatist;
Cardinal Alfonso Capecelatro. Archbishop
Capua, an accomplished man of letters;
Cardinal Mario Mocennl. manager of tha
"Oboius." a kind of Sully clothed in pur
ple; Cardinal Sarto. patriarch of Venice.
a prelate of the good old type, a free liver
without prejudices, but capable of writing
hard truths to the Pope himself, as ha
has already done many times, and Cardi
nal Ferrari. Archbishop of Milan, who haa
not enough enemies to be regarded as dan
gerous. 'A'he Pope of to-morrow will la
all probability be found among those Just
cited. WKBK&BBQBKUMBm,
He is one of those men who must either
te loved or hated,. His proud and haughty
character will not cllow him to Uck
around reefs.* to shun obstacles, to seek
the friendship of those he despises or tho
sympathies . of those who are not of his
way of thinking. Instead of conciliating
and, flattering his enemies. ; be breaks
them. -and when these adversaries are oC
the.stature of Ledowchoaki ,and of Oreg
lia, he; stlffens^himseir and displays before
them the full grandeur of hJs hatred,
knowing that battles between Titans must
end In the" annihilation of the defeated
side: There are at-the present- moment
ati the Vatican and its . surroundings a
large number of personages who tremble
with fear. at. the Idea of Rampolla becom
lng'Pope.
For ten years past he haa "'een like, a
spider in the center of his web. worktag
continually and spinning one after an
other the threads of an Intrigue, which
will only have Its "denouement" after tho
death of Leo XIII and of which, "en at
tendant," he weaves tae meshes with in
finite art. - «
Cardinal Mariano Rampolla del Tlndara
is one of the most curious figures In tha
Pleiades of "Papabile." Tha nobility of
his character renders him disdainful of
the little tricks by which some of his
rivals flatter themselves that they dis
simulate their ambition. He avows it with
the frankness of a "grand seigneur" who
is of opinion that It is not a position be
yond his merits. He would add. without
false modesty, the device of Fouquet to
that of his family. Thus everybody
knows that he is working with assidutt?
In view of the next conclave and that ha
neglects nothing; that can further hlj
views. j}2'.-j.7i£
Cardinal Rampolla.
Cardinal Svampa Is also credited with
leanings In the direction of a reconcilia
tion with the Quirinal. a fact which ex
plains the zeal with which. a number of
Italian journals try ro force his candi
dacy to the front. They quote wordj
which he is said to have addressed to
those who make aMu«!on to the possi
bility of his election: -I feel that I should
be unworthy of it; but If Ood should im
pose this burden on me a great many
changes will be seen." This, it will be no
ticed. Is a Delphic utterance, which aoe*
not in. any way tie bis hands, but which
has sufficed for Cardinal Svampa to ba
regarded as a "Pope of conciliation."
If the annals of the Vatican are con
sulted from the time of St. Feter to the
present day It will be seen that the relgna
of Plus IX and Leo XIII have been very
long in comparison with these of th«
greater number of their colleagues. If
Cardinal Svampa should be elected at the
next conclave and If he should live as long
as Leo XIII his. pontificate would last
thirty-eight years. This T7ould mean that
no Cardinal now living could ever aspire
to the purple. This 13 askinw too much
from human nature.
Moreover. Cardinal Svampa might be In
dicated twice over in the prophecies of
Malachy, because his cam« in Italian is
almost aynonymau3~-wltb flame.
The Sacred College at present contalC3
three Cardinals whose arms could Justify
this prediction— Cardinal Oreglia. whosa
shield bears an altar on which burns ta«
sacred fire; Cardinal Gottl. whose arms
bear a torch, and Cardinal Svampa, whosa
escutcheon Is ornamented with a dos
holding a torch in its mouth.
Why should Cardinal Svampa. Arch
blshcp of Bologna, figure In the list of
'"Papabile" in preference to so many other
members of the Sacred College whose
merits are equal and even superior to his?
No one can say. unless this favor is dus
to the strange circumstance that he 13
one of the three Cardinals "cow in charge
whose arms correspond to the prophecy
of Malachy. You are aware that the Abb*
Malachy, who died In the odor of sanctity,
left a series of prophecies relating to the
different Popes who might be elected after
his death. Chance has so willed it that
hitherto his predictions have been Justi
fied by events. . It is true that they were
couched in mottoes the terms of which
were sufficiently vague, and that a variety
of Interpretations could be placed on
them. The motto of the Pop« who was to
succeed Pius IX was "lumen de coelo."
It happened that Leo XIII had in his es
cutcheon, beside a cypress, a star on a
field azure. According to the prophet
Malachy the motto of the next Pope is
"Igrtla Ardens."
Cardinal Svampa.
tends- to show that there Is some consist
ency In his candidature.
It is stated that the Presbyterian Board
of Foreign Missions Is hampered in Its
plans for the coming year more by lack
of men than of money. It haa appointed
forty-seven missionaries and has as yet
work and means for,, thirty-four more.
emeralds." Gounod wrote a composition
for, the festivities entitled "Leone XIII."
. America sent her share. Ireland dedi
cated the Irish National Church in Rome.
At the Jubilee *nc.ss. which was celebrated
en December 31. 'the Fope wore a soutane
of white" Irish poplin which had been spe
cially woven for that purpose. This jubi
lee mass, which' the Holy Father himself
celebrated, cost $200,000 and waj on a scale
hitherto undreamed of. From all parts of
the world presents were sent' to ¦ the "re
vered head of the Roman Catholic church.
It is hard to. tell how the candidature
of Cardinal Gottl sprang Into existence.
He is a monk of the barefooted Carmelite
order, and Is as Llgurian as Pope Julius
II. But he knows how to put on a humble
attitude, holding himself apart from the
miseries of this world like Sextus V. Be
fore he threw away his crutches. He dis
played diplomatic qualities of the highest
order In the mission to Brazil confided to
him. by Leo XIII.
In that country, in addition to the con
flict going on between the civil and relig
ious'authorities, the church was in con
siderable danger on account of the lack of
discipline and of the dissolute morals
which prevailed among the clergy and the
episcopate. To the great* astonishment of
every one, the Pope selected the superior
of. the barefooted Carmelites. .. who hap
pened to be Father Gottl. to put an end to
disorder, and re-establish harmony be-,
tween the refiglous '-and civil powers. . y
Father Gotti r In- two or three years tri
umphed over all" difficulties, and r his suc
cess was so " complete that ¦ on his" return
the Holy Father decreed him a Cardinals
hat.; He has already" a vnall court formed
of those .who believe hls'success probable,
who honor him 'as* though he were already
elected. But he "doe^ not take much no-'
tice of these flatterers! Greatness appears
\o have no temptations for v him. for
though clothed In purple . he occupies a
very modest room, at the Forum of Tra
jan, and sleeps on a monk's bed. He Is
only 64 years of age. His political tenden
cies are unknown and should he be called
on to succeed the. present Pontiff «he may
be either a conciliatory Pope or a fighting
Pope, according to his personal Inclina
tion and to the character of the majority
which placed him in 8t. Peter's chair. It
is said that Leo XIII has often Jestingly
spoken of him as "my successor." which
is amoirg the best formed in the as
sembled Cardinalate. Vlncenzo. his
brother. Is also a Cardinal; and this Is for
Seraftno a cause of weakness, because it
Is understood that should he be elected
Cardinal Vlncenzo would be his secre
tary of state, thus occupying a high posi
tion to which many others aspire. His
family is very numerous, and, as he has
not forgotten them since he has been a
Cardinal, it is feared that he would think
of them too much if he becatne Pop*.
2 Cardinal Gotti.
Albania has a populatldn of a million
and a half, who are nearly all Mohimi»«
dans.
ENCYCLICALS ISSUED FROM THE VATICAN
EXHIBIT WONDERFUL POWER OF INTELLECT
<r9 vIS HOLINESS frequently wrote
MmtJ poetr>' before hfs elevation to
#,# the Papao'-
The following autobiography
in Latin verse was written by
the late Pope while still Cardinal Peed,
la Perugia: "I
Musa Alloquitur Poetam.
Cuam flare In prlmo fell*. <juam laeta Leptnls
Orta Jugis. patrlo ecb lare. vita fult!
Aitrlx te puerom Vetulonta susefpit olnis
At<jue in Loyolaea excolit a«de plum,
ilutia «>d tardum fecere palatla; doctls
>.ee raa*e te etudlls Academia juvat.
Dlseutit at tcaebras et mentem luce sereaat
Vanera. et Patrurn osfcliu Ilia cohors.
Quae. reri latices puro de fente recludens,
Te Fcphlae atque Del ecita verenda doeet.
X.'craae sacra lita*; Romae tlb! Juris aluaina
larta labore comas laurea condecorat.
-\ddit mox telmo* et vires 6ala secun3as,
I'rlnccp* romaao murice concplcuus;
Auspice <jao ourwim rnoliris, tnente volutans
Vtque tua tanti dicta diserta aenfs.
r-uleii Parthenope, Beneveatum deia tenet,
eequa
t.t leg» Uirplaoa imperloque rests.
Te rremio ereipiens Penisla laet* salutat.
Rectorem atque ducem virldun Umber habet.
S«d msjora nianent; «-n chrismatis auctas
honore
Toauaat uutu Belerica rerna petls.
Atque teces edserturus sanctlssima, PetH
J\.::.i.-.afr ct fldel credit* Jura tibl.
redfiJtus at patriae, trumall e littore Jns«u»
Ausoriae laetas er remeare pla^aa,
Turrenae AntUtes arces. urb?mque reviiia,-
Cuam t!bt d:\ino flaailne #ponsat amor.
J2mque lbf ter decis pcpulum moderarls *t>
asnls.
El plsno "saturas utxre Paster oth.
Rcmano fncedlc Prlncep* *pectabflls outre
Et torque crcarts belrico adauctus Eqoe*;
Te p'a turba. T>o ptibes devota. saeerdoa.
CYrtant ebsequiis" c>meruUse *uls.
E<d c/jiS mcrtalei memora«. <juia prodls hon«
orwT
I'ra fcomiaeia Virtus dltat et una beat"
rHE late Pope made his will
about six years ago. This will
Is not only a personal, but also'
a political testament, the execu
tors named being Cardinals
Oreglia. Rampolla and Mocaslni. In it
he bequeathed property to his three
nephews ' and two nieces, but it
Is believed that in order to avoid
the charge of nepotism he arranged
In another * way that they should
receive larger sums than, those mentioned
in the will. This document also contains
directions for his funeral and tomb, and
points out which of the jubilee presents
received by him shall remain the property
of the See of Romo and which are to be
otherwise distributed as part of his pri
vate property.
His Holiness revised his will later, ow
Ing to' the deaths of certain members of
his entourage, principally those of Car
dinals Gallmberti and Monaco La Vallet
ta. The Pope enjoyed a yearly Income of
about 7,500.000 'Ire. of which he kept for
his own expenses only 1.000.000. Of the bal
ance, 700,000 lire was at the disposal of
the Cardinals, being given to tho«e who
live in Rome, each Cardinal drawing a
yearly Income at 23,000 lire; 4o0,000 lire was
distributed among the poor dioceses;
l.SOO.000 lire went to the prefecture of the
apostolic palace; 1,000,000 lire wen* to the
offlce of the secretary of state, for foreign
business; 1,500,000 lire was spent on sala
ries to the Vatican personnel, and 1,040.000
lire went to schools and charity. The mil
lion which the Fope reserved for himself
was used not only for his personal ex
penses, but also for his private charities
and for purchasing art treasures and the
presents "that he made to sovereigns and
other rulers.
In September, 1896, It was mooted that a
scheme was in the air for all the Roman
Catholics of the world to combine and
raise £300,000.000 to be placed in the hands
cf the Pope.. "With this It was proposed to
purchase the city of" Home* and a slrlp of
land leading to the seaport from the Ital
ian Government, so as to secure the Inde
pendence of the pontiffs. The scheme
seemed *.o many utterly quixotic, yet
there seems every reason to believe that
those who proposed It were earnest and
would gladly have seen it carried out.
Italian Prelate
Will Be Chosen
To Succeed Leo
Hare Effusions
in Masterly
Latin.
— : — ?, ••
Genius Is Shown
in Manifold
Lines.
Three Cardinals Are Named as
Executors of the
& Estate.
Splendid Poetry
the Work of
the Pope.
Much Property Is Bequeathed Jo
His Nephews and
CLASSICS
ARE HIS
IN VERSE
POPE LEO'S WILL
A NOTABLE PAPER
BRILLIANT ACHIEVEMENTS ILLUMIME THE CAREER
OF THE LATE PONTIFF ON THE THRONE OF PETER
THE. SAN FKAKCISCO CALL; TUESDAY; ; JULY ;21> 1903.
6PROMINENT OFFICIAL OF
HONOLULU FOR MANY
YEARS WHO DIED LATELY.
District Attorney Whiting replied, and
the Judge ordered that the case be ; sub
mitted on briefs within the next four days
and continued/ the matter till Saturday,
when he will render his decision. Mershon
was an interested listener to the argu
ments. .\}S§Si53;
The argument on a demurrer interposed
by James R. T. . Mershon, former Civil
Service Commissioner, to the indictment
of, the Grand Jury, charging him with
falsifying a public record, took place be
fore Judge ' Dunne yesterday. Mershon
was represented by Attorneys Funrman
and Bull and the people by Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Whiting.
It was argued for. Mershon that a Civil
Service Commissioner is not a public of
ficer and that the record which ; Mershon
was accused of altering was not a public
record. It was also argued that the in
formation was uncertain, as It charged
two offenses.
MEESHON DEMURS TO THE
GRAND JURY INDICTMENT
The schools close In the beginning of June
and open again In) the latter part of July. As
so many families go to the country, merely for
the benefit of their children, the result Is that
around the Fourth of July holidays the resorts
and summer boarding : houses are taxed to Ineir.
full limit to take care of the guests. During
the ' week following many return, which con
tinues till near the month's end. This relieves
the holiday congestion and the many «ho
could not ! be I accommodated at that ¦ time can
easily be taken care of from now. on.
No time is better- for anoutlng In Marln,
Sonoma, Mendocino. and Lake counties than
July, August and September. The evenings ara
invariably pleasant. There the 8an Franciscan
can sit out In -the open air till late, pleasure
he never enjoys at home. The water in the
rivers, streams and lakes are war-m for bath
ing, and it is a tune when the fish bite most
readily, - besides, till \ the end of August Ib the
open' season * for deer In" Sonoma County and
until the end' of » September ," In , ¦ Mendocino
County. '¦•', ¦' ' ' • •
;• Those* who could not be accommodated over
the holidays, and those who can now get away
from business,-, can easily ' find a . location for
their . outing by consulting "Vacation I'to3,"
issued ¦• by * the : California Ncrthweatern ; Rail
way. Hotels, , resorts, , . homes., for : summer
boarders and camping spots are ail - given - in
this^book, together with • the ."Surroundings,
terms, etc' To 'be procured at the company's
of fleet or in answer to. a mall request.' * -
: Attorney General U. S. Webb has ren
dered an opinion to State Controller E.
P. Colgan with reference to the act of
the Legislature of 1903 under which it has
been claimed that the salaries of the offi
cials of the State and the counties and
cities of the State were made sub
ject to garnishment. The Attorney Gen
eral holds that the act, in its terms, does
not apply to official salaries, and that It
cannot be gathered from the act that It
was the intention of. the Legislature that
the act should ao apply.
Official Salaries Protected.
With the aid of tugs the Clavering has
been floated and although j apparently
slightly damaged the salvage claims are
likely to be heavy.
HONOLULU, July 20.— The steamship
Claverlng, en route from the Orient to
San Francisco via this port, struck on a
reef at the entrance to Honolulu harbor
last night. Several tugs have been work
ing since midnight In an attempt to pull
her off, but have not been able to move
her from her dangerous position. The
Clavering is a vessel 6t 2135 tons, belong
ing to the' Chinese Commercial Steamship
Company. Besides a full cargo, she has
on board S00 Japanese immigrants, some
of whom are coming to the Hawaiian Isl
ands, though a majority are destined for
Mexico. The vessel Is /commanded by
Captain Burton, an experienced naviga
tor. \->'. v . , '
China Commercial Company's Liner,
With Big Cargo and 80O Pas
sengers, Strikes Reef.
STEAMSHIP CLAVEBING
IS ASHORE OFF HONOLULU
Orders were received by the local mili
tary authorities Sunday from the War
Department revoking the command that
the Fourteenth Infantry sail for the Phil
ippines August 1. It is stated at army
headquarters that the Secretary of War
has decided to reduce the number of troops
in foreign service by reason. ofVthe fact
that peace has been practically restored
In the Philippines now that- the Sultan
and Panandungan of Bacalod have signi
ed their intention to behave themselves.
In view of the change of orders only one
transport will sail for Manila next month.
Fourteenth Will Remain at Home.
Susoects Taken Into Custody
Louis Jer.bruno - and John Love were
taken Ir.to custody last evening by Pa
trolman James O'Connor and their names
entered on the detinue book at the City
Prison. They are suspected of having
s-tolen BSB from G. Torre & Co., grocers
at WO Frar.cisco street. On the afternoon
of July 13. Torre, the senior member of
the firm, left the barroom of the estab
lishment to answer the telephone. Upon
his return he discovered that the cash
drawer had been rifled of $2S0 and the two
men who had been in the saloon had dis
appeared. The police claim to have a
Ftrong case against them and they will be
formally booked to-day.
time^Un'ted States District Attorney, to
represent him. Lyons mortgaged his prop
erty to prosecute the suit, but lost the
case. He charged Gurley with the respon
sibility, and had since then been brooding
over his fancied wrongs.
¦ » ¦
The elephant has a trunk. Have you?
If not. buy one from Leibold Harness Co.,
211 Larkln st. Ten per cent off for next two
weeks. All gooda marked In plain figures.*
¦ ? ¦
In the election of 1S92 there were in
England and Wales 46.109 illiterates; in
Scotland, 4577; in Ireland, S4.919. At the
1SS5 elections the figures were: Illiterates
in England, 2S,521; Scotland, 4)62; Ireland,
40,357. , S
CHICAGO, July 20.— Chief of Police
O'Neill to-day said that four Chicago an
archists, who are said to have pledged
themselves to effect the death of Emperor
William of Germany, left Chicago several
weeks ago and are now in Sweden.
King Oscar of Sweden has been warned.
Chief O'Neill placed a full statement of
the movements of . the anarchists in the
hands of an official of the Swedish Gov
ernment and this information was cabled
to King Oscar's Ministers.
"I cannot make known the details of
the 'suspected plot," Chief O'Neill
"Several weeks ago I was asked to ascer
tain the movements of a foreign party
of anarchists. 'I found that there were
four in the party and that they had left
Chicago some time before for Sweden.
There were two women and two men,
and, as far as I was able to learn, they
were well known and were traveling
around the country making speeches, for
the cause. This information I placed in
the hands of the man who asked me to
get it.
"I have this information from what I
regard as a reliable source. The anar
chists are not disclosing their ultimate
designs, but are moving now to get con
trol of labor organizations. I am talking
from knowledge I have ascertained, and
my information on matters of that nature
Is usually pretty near right."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. July 20.— Robert M.
Hayes was one of the wealthiest and best
known pipe line contractors in this part
of the State. He went to Nome, Alaska,
about a month ago to lay a water line
for a local gold mining company. He
was accompanied by many of the stock
holders and families and great con
cern is felt in the city for the other mem
bers of the party.
praiseworthy work at the flre. The hotel
burned very quickly. Thirty minutes
after the fire started the building was en
tirely destroyed.
Hayes was a member of the firm of R.
M. Hayes, pipe line contractors, and he
and his partner, J. B. Porter, had the
contract for laying the pipes for the
Nome Exploration Company. He was also
president of the Luster OH Company and
a director of the German-American Sav
ings Fund Company of Philadelphia.
Gregg, who lost his life in the fire, was 23
years of age, and came to Nome froa:
Pittsburg. . n.
Chicago Police Chief Dis
covers Plot of An
archists.
MURDERS AN ATTORNEY
FOR FANCIED WRONGS
.GUARD DISAPPEARS
FROM FOLSOM PRISON
Friends of J. J. Donahue Are at a
Loss to Explain His
Absence.
FOLSOM. July 20.— J. J. Donahue, a
puard at the Folsom prison, has been
mysteriously missing since last Saturday
night. With some friends he attended a
moonlight dance given at Natoma Grove,
near here, but having to report for duty
at midnight he left the dance early. As
near as can be judged he was last seen
about II:?} in Folsom, when he- bid a
friend goo<l-by. saying that he would
fcaye to hurry in order to be on time to
po on watch. All his friende and the ofS
ccts are very much worried, some of
them suspecting foul play has befallen
him. He may have Jyeen drowned acci
dentally.
Former Clerk Shoots a New Orleans
Official and Then Wounds
Himself.
NEW ORLEANS. July 2O.-District At
torney J. Ward Gurley was murdered in
his ofnee to-day by Lewis W. Lyons, for
m'erly a clerk. The murderer, after shoot
ing the District Attorney, turned the
weapon on himself and put two bullets
In his own head. He will die.
A grudge, which Lyons harbored for
several years against the District At
torney, is responsible for the tragedy. At
one time Lyons was arrested, charged
with the theft of a diamond pin. The
charge was proved to be unfounded and
Lyons was acquitted. Thereupon he enter
ed suit against the complainant for dam
ages, retaining Gurley. who was at that
Archbishop Katzer was born in Upper
Austria in 1S44 and came to America in
1S64. He was ordained to the priesthood
at Milwaukee in 1S6S. He succeeded Arch
bishop Michael Heiss on the latter's
death in 1890. .
FOND DU L.AC, WIs.. Juiy 20.— The
Most Rev. Frederick Xavier Katzer,
Archbishop of Milwaukee, died to-night
of cancer of the liver after a lingering
illness. The Archbishop had not par
taken of food since last Fridav and life
had been sustained by stimulants. Vicar
General Schinner and other high church
dignitaries were summoned from Milwau
kee on Sunday.
MILWAUKEE PRELATE
SUMMONED BY DEATH
About the same time Frederic Massey
was crushed to death in the shaft of the
Indiana mine, which is also at Cananea.
He attempted to step off the cage at the
100-foot level while it was descending and
was crushed between the cage and the
wall.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 20.— Two American
miners met tragic deaths near Cananea
last Saturday night according to advices
which reached here to-day. At the Capote
mine Engineer Hall threw a wrong lever
and the cage dropped to the bottom of the
shaft, a distance of 400 feet, instantly
killing Charles Crandal!. - Hall left for
parts unknown Immediately 'after the ac
cident and the authorities are looking for
him.
Two Americans Meet With Fatal Ac
. cident While Engaged in
7 Their Work.
MINERS ABE KILLED
IN NORTHERN MEXICO
BOMB THROWERS
MENACE KAISER
Judge Wilcox was noted for his almost
perfect knowledge of the Hawaiian lan
ghage and was interpreter in the courts
from 1S67 to 1S97, when he was appointed
Police Magistrate. ***- . , • -,
Among the early missionaries who
came to Hawaii from Connecticut were
Mr. and Mrs. Abner Wilcox, and Judge
Wilcox was the sixth of seven children,
all sons. He had just passed his fiftieth
birthday and is survived by a widow and
four brothers, one of whom is in Connec
ticut. ... •
• • yesterday. He used a razor to
get rid of .a troublesome corn. Gangrene
then set in, though he did not know It. In
May he made a short trip to San Fran
cisco with his brother, George N. Wilcox,
returning in better health and resuming
his duties as Judge. To get rid of his
trouble he went to the Queen's Hospital
and was operated upon, one toe being
amputated. On July 17 it was found nec
essary to amputate the leg below the
knee. The Judge rallied from this opera
tion for several days, but the physicians
gave up hope of saving his life thirty-six
hours before death came. His three broth
ers were, with him.
HONOLULU, July 14.— Judge W.
Luther Wilcox died from a com
plication of diseases, among
them gangrene, and was burled
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Popular W. Luther Wil
cox Dies After Much
Suffering.
J The spectacle in the streets of Ciudad
Bolivar when the smoke cleared away
was heartrending. There were over 200
dead revolutionists in the streets, not
counting the wounded.
SOLEDAD, Venezuela, Sunday, July 13.
—At 5 o'clock this morning the engage
ment between the Government forces and
the 'revolutionists occupying Clud&d Boli
var began In two different directions.' The
revolutionists opened the' battle. At ,6
o'clock smoke was so thick In Ciudad
Bolivar it was impossible to see the city.
At 7 o'clock the Government troops, after
a terrible fight, in which they lost more
than 100 men, captured the cemetery. At
8 o'clock the Venezuelan fleet, consisting
of five men. of war, shel>ed the Govern
ment building at Ciudad Bolivar. •" v
At 10 o'clock the revolutionists' flag had
disappeared from the Government build
ing. At, 11 a. m. the streets near that
building were' captured by the Govern
ment forces and a charge, of all the Gov
ernment.soldiers in the city was ordered.
The wounded were' then beginning to ar
rive at ' the Government headquarters
from all directions and the fight was gen
eral, but the movements could not be
followed from here in consequence of the
smoke caused by the fire of the artillery
of the revolutionists, which seemed for
midable. ! It was answered vigorously by
the Government guns and only "a few
shots reached the fleet.
At 2 In the afternoon a block of houses
opposite the Government building was
capnired by storm.
The revolutionists seemed to be resist
ing desperately.
The Associated Press correspondent will
follow the advance with General Rlvaz.
The latter is waiting for a signal from
General Gomez, the Venezuelan com
mander in chief.' who conducted the at
tack from Miraflares, to enter Ciudad Bol
ivar with all his reserves and fourteen
guns.
were found in the ruins beneath where
Tooker last saw them it is probable they
perished in Tooker's room. Hayes died
in the effort to. save the. life of his wife.
Sherman D. Gregg, the other victim, oc
cupied a room farther back on the same
floor. When a friend called to ' him he
answered, "All right, I will be with you
in a minute." That was the last heard
of him. To those on the ground it seemed
a long time before the department water
was turned on. Three streams were used
to check the flre. The wind swept across
the street, setting flre to "The Cottage"
and the warehouse in the rear of the old
A. E. Company building. The cabins on
Second street and Hogan's alley were
burned. It took hard work to save the
PostofSce and the United States Commis
sioner's office. The side of the latter
building Is charred and part of the roof
of the Commissioner's office was burned.
Barr, the cook, was arrested for man
slaughter. The prisoners were taken out
of the Federal jail and two of the trus
ties, William Ford and Jim Hayes, did
SEATTLE, July 20.— The most destruc
tive flre in the history of Nome "burned
the Golden Gate Hotel, the Cottage, the
old A. E\* warehouse and a dozen cottages
and cabins early on the morning of July
6. Nearly 200 people were driven from
their beds by the flames, many of them
barely* escaping in their night clothes, and
three persons were roasted to death. They
were R. M. Hayes, a millionaire of Pitta
burg, and his wife, and Sherman D. Gregg
of- Pittsburgh The hotel property loss ex
ceeded J110.000. .
The greatest damage done was the de
struction of the Golden Gate Hotel, a
three-story structure. Fred C. Edglnton
stepped from "the roof of the burning
building to the ground and broke hlB leg.
The fire started through the carelessness
of the hotel cook, T. R. Barr, in attempt
ing to start^a" fire in a range with kero
1 sene. There^was an.- explosion, and in an
I instant the kitchen was in flames. The
kitchen was in the northern end of the
building, and as a strong northeasterly
wind was blowing the smoke, quickly fol
lowed by the flames, swept through the
hotel before the guests could be aroused.
Night Clerk H. C. Edginton lost no time
in turning In an alarm and notifying the
sleeping guests of their peril, but the
flames spread with such rapidity, that be
fore the fire department had reached the
scene the building was doomed.' The
guests when awakened were blinded and
choked with smoke and most of them fled
in their night clothes.- When a window
pn the west side of the building'' was
opened a great column of black smoke
poured out of it. Before all the Inmates
of the hotel had escaped the flre had cut
off egress by means of the stairway, and
a number of people escap'ed through the
windows by the aid of ladder?.
Mr. and Mrs. R. M. I^ayes occupied a
room in the third story. George Tooker.
who occupied an adjoining room, was the
last person to see them alive. He said:
n was awakened by the cry of fir*.
opened my door and found the corridor fell of
pmoke. I made haste to get some of my
clothes and. and as I started to leave the room
' raw Mr. and Mrs. Hayes there. Mrs. Hayes
I was lyinp on the floor and evidently had
fainted. I put a coat over my face and started
for the stairway, but migsrd It and found my
self In the room of J. B. Andrews across the
• hall. I trot out through the window and
reached the srrounJ by means of a ladder.
As the remains of Mr. and Mrs. Hayes
Venezuelan Fleet, Five Strong, Does
. Some Effective Shelling and Suf
fers Little From Enemy's
Artillery Fire.
Sherman D. Gregg of Pennsylvania
Also Loses His Life and 200 ';
People Narrowly Escape ;
. Similar Fate.
Troops Enter City and, Find
200 Revolucicnists Dead
on the Streets.
Flames Sweep Northern City
and Destroy Much :
Property.
Government Forces At
tack Oiudad Bolivar
. and Lose 100 Men.
R.M. HsCyes of Pittsburg
and .Wife > Die in
Blazing Hotel.
REBELS WAKE
A DESPERATE
RESISTANCE
MILLIONAIRE
MEETS DEATH
IN NOME FIRE
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1903.
LIFE ENDS
FOR JUDGE
IN HAWAII
7
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUFfrilJlA Lira HEATHS
THIS "WEEK — FIRST TIMS HERE.
MATS. WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company. Presenting
Clyde Fitch's Latest. Wittiest and Beat Play,
THE FRISKY
MRS.J0I1NS0N
Next Week — Laat Performances of th« AME-
LIA BIXGHAM SEASON— REPERTOIRE.
TIV0U&&
TO-NIGHT
And Every Evening This Week — Saturday
Matinee.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
Who Will Appear In Smith and Da Koren's
Bright and Tuneful Comic Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
EDWIN STEVEN'3 AS FOXY QCTLLEK.
Annie Myen, Bertha Davis, Mart* Welsh.
Penis Hartman. Arthur Cunningham. Edward
Webb and the Bis; TIvo'.l Chorus and Orches-
tra Will Combine to Make tho Production th«
Event of the Operatic Season.
POPULAR PRICES 23c, 80o. T5«
Telephone Bush 9.
NEW ATTRACTIONS!
Claude. Gillingwater and Company;
Ethel Levey; Orpheus Comedy
Four; Three Polos; George W.
Hunter; De Kolta; Bailey and
Madison; Hodges and Launchmere
and the Bio graph.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seata
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
CENTRALIE
Market St./Near Eighth Phono South 833.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONL.T.
The Brilliant Young Actor.
MR. HERSCHEL MAYALL,
Supported 'toy the Superb Central Stock Com-
pany. In a
Magnificent Spectacular Production of
FA US T.
The Wonderful "Brocken Scene. **
CFF The New and Startlinsc Electrical
v: ' l- * - and Mechanical Effects.
NO ADVANCE IN
DDirPC ' Evenings 10c to 50c
rttlWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Monday. July 27— MR. HERSCHEL MAT-
ALL. In "X LION-S HEART."
GRAND 8oBH
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
—THE BIGGEST POSSIBLE HIT—
T O - IN I G H X
EVERY NIGHT. "t :
BAYMOND AND CAVERLY
An« Our Superb New York Company la i
The New Whtmsical Musical Eccentricity.
IN WALL STREET]
The Same Production as U*ed by the Rogers
Brothers at the Victoria Theater.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES, ETC
PRICES— 25c. SOc 75c.
IT f( AT * T*i Be 1 ** 60 * Mayer.
ALCAZAR ..3%*.
_____ Gen. M«rr. '
TO-NIOHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
UNABATED SUCCESS.
WHITE WH1TTLESEY
la a Great Production of Anthony Hop»« _
THE PRISONER
OF ZENDA...
Evgs..25c to 75e: Mats. Thur«.*Sat., 15c t» 50c
NEXT MONDAY— MB, WHrTTLESEY- la th»
First San Francisco Presentation of
Hall Catne's Master Work.
THE I*\f\T*X.r*\/\Vi.
HANLOVS PANTOMIME COMPANY and .
Mllh-Ciass Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA M0RT.~ . >
VI5VT THE HaflSEi
' Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS *
IX THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THK ZOO*
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY?
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, la
' , ADVERTISEMENTS. ;•_.-¦_¦-
fan Francisco. Tueeday. 21 July, 1803.
| New Arrivals in
ii Body Brussels rugs
These rugs give excellent service and are especially
suitable for dining rooms and libraries. The patterns
are mostly new Oriental effects, a number of them hav-
ing arrived only a few days ago. Most any ordinary
sized room can be fitted — and at a reasonable cost Here
are the sizes and prices: ; .
A rug 6 by 9 feet ?2i.oo; size 8 feet 3 inches by 10
feet 6 inches $27.50; size 9 by 12 feet £30.00; size 10 feet
6 inches by 13 feet 6 inches £47.50; size 11 feet 3 inches
by 15 feet $52^50
A trio of three-day specials. Sale commenced
Monday morning and will last until Wednesday night.
China closets, hall stands and combination bookcase-
desks. Special prices are only a trifle more than, half
the regular selling prices. For instance: a golden oak
china closet with rounding glass sides and door reduced .
from $40.00 to $24. 10; a golden oak hall stand reduced
from $15.00 to S8.75; and another from $36.00 to $21.30;
a $20.00 combination bookcase-desk reduced to $12.30;
also one reduced from $35.00 to $20.70. A gbod assort-
ment of patterns in each line. Some of the pieces are
in the window to-day.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
! . 957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
1 : Y;'~ '; ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
•¦¦.'.. ; ¦ ¦ -
¦ - ¦ . .- ¦ .,-» -'.;•¦-.-. ¦ .
/jm BfiSSSa SB9 beS ' 4V^^__jO ISSS Mna v3 c9^ | \.~ ' i V' ' *"s\
£a Kflfrgqy A w8l /^Sh fsf f^i-l H jiff * BV A lffg|
The Kind You Hare Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no one*
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
. «* Just-as-good " are but Experiments, and endanger the
Health of*. Children — Experience against Experiment*
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-!
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Xarcotio
substance. Its apre is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and -Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. . It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You Haw Always BougKt
•y« Bears the Signature of rt
. lii Use For Over 30 Years.
¦ . TM« CCNTftUD COMPAMV. TT MUKMT •TWItT. NCWYOAK CITY.
e 9ocoococoeooco®«a«eo©0cocoooGOoooo®oo«©ocd<
[FREE TO MEN!
| A Book Full of Facts About
i Dr. McLaugiilin's Electric Belt for Weak Men
£ I KNOW THAT NO MAN REMAINS A WEAKLING BECAUSE HE WANTS
• TO- I am sure that you want to overcome every indication of ear y decay that has
• sffir-Hs? & & " ixtfr™™'^ & £»>. ff^Ti suss;
S «mXm"U were phyrical wreck, and are now among the finest specimens of
8 *»—' —*-¦ A H APPY MAN.
Z * ' y CUCAMONGA, Cal.
« nn M c MrT AfGHLIV— Dear Sir: I have now been wearing your Belt
: Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 90 SEf
• Office HourB-^8 a. m. to 8 p-'m.; Snnday. 10 to 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
Do Your
Feet Perspire ¦¦?•
If you arc troubled with this
very annoying; and highly
prevalent complaint you can
be cured by usingf DR. KOE-
IMIGSTEIN'S RED SALVE.
This Ointment cures perspir-
ingf feet with astonishing
quickness.
• SAN FRANCISCO., July IS, 1803.
DR. KOENIGSTEIN — D*ar Sir:- For three
years I was troubled with sore feet, brought on
by perspiring too freely.: I was advised by a
friend to try your Red Salve, which he himself
had used with gratifying results. I took his
advice and can truthfully say that before the
jar was half »s^d my feet were in a better con-
dition than they had been In ten years. I sin-
cerely recommend your Red Salve' to any one
suffering from any similar complaint. Sincere-
ly yours. WM. M. BUTLER. 2Si Dore St.
At druggists', 50c and- $1. 0O per Jar.
Depot. 12C Kearny St., room 22^ •¦
y • _ - f (g^ X^i~| AX
i/)J\\ S& Nnt?^ 00 '* EYES
1 mr W*% Z9 4# r H TTA 0mL \ -Jlr* Ju339
CURES ALL Pit DISEASES. V^ M3?
MFUMEO EYES, SCALES Ott UDS/fv— — ' «9*^
GRANULATION ETC. T™%Z—Jr.
California stinlliht. strong winds and alkali
tfust cause eye trouble.- Little trouble* grow.
Murine Is a favorite toilet requisite, restore* *
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart,
soothes eye patn. • ¦
The laboratories of the Murine Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest in th« world pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
jS^^^W
/fft&X A /BbBsfflP^ Bf
30HEM1M
1111111
'J SOLD EVERYWHERE.
| — — — — 1 — — i i -~
Pa hi™ DON'T TAIL TO
I alavW , tee. the beautiful
\ - COURT. LounRing-
ann room, the EMPIRE
OlIU: PARLOR. the
~ '.- „ *' PALM -ROOM. 'the
firann louis xv par-
iiltfliU LOR and the LA-
„ /, - ' DIES' i WRITING
Hotels RQQ^
,', AMXJSEMENTS. : .
I _ ("TREMENDOUS , •: bUCCESSJfcB*
\J TO-NIOHT I^f
. of the Incomparable . : w . m
75 NEILL-MOROSCO GO. .75
* Presenting- Crawford's- De- * .=
*j0 . lightful . $Q
9 -t IN THI PALACE 07 THXmS «c
Xv Biggest BargAln' Ever Offered •»*'
PRICES — Entire .. Lower .
Floor, r"5c; • Balcony, • 30cr .
KM Gallery. 25c: Bargain Matt- W*
|ll nees Thursday. 23c and OOo. Lg
I H EATRUI
Our new bill is a dream, it is peaches and
cream, :.;;;-!...
And the . casts , have the strength of a. twenty-
mule team. • '-v - • -¦- , ..-. . •
Every ¦ player's a star-ryou all know who they
are, • . ¦-¦•-¦¦- . ....
And that there Is not one who Is not above par.
HUGE! •
GIGANTIC!
MAJESTIC! : -
Great combination bill." "UNDER. THE RED
GLOBE" ¦ and "THE . THREE MU3KEET-
ERS." Ant the "All Star" cast. Including
Kolb. Dill and Bernard.- Maude Amber. Win-
field Blake. Hermsen and -Whelaivetc.
Reserved Seats — Night?; 25c, 50c and 75c;
Saturday and ' Sunday - Matinees 25c and SOc;
Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c. . ¦
. " % * •*- ¦ ¦
fRAITM A1V"CL seventh and
UKAUIU/\1\C> MARKET STS.
Every Afternoon and Evening.
POLITE VAUDEvimJE.'
LESTER I and - CURTIN; .HATHAWAY and
WALTON: HANK tWHITCOMB; LITTLE
BLOSSOM: SAM AND IDA KELLY; THE
BURROUGHS: THE OREAT ZANO; CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY and THE BIOSCOPE.
Prices— Night. 25c, 20c. .15c and- 10c; Mati-
nees, 20c and 10c " Phone ' for Seats. South
1022. •.-¦¦•¦ ¦¦¦.''¦¦•- ¦ ¦ ¦ -
. ADVERTISEMENTS. :
Sec Our Windows,
IO%REDUCTION
ALL THIS WEEK ;
On All Regular Lines of » t
BdYSVYOUTHS' and I
MISSES* SCHOOL SHOES I
Our Boys', and Youths' . I ~
"KAST IRON" I
SHOES
.Built for Hard Wear
Are the best Inthe marketfor durability
Big Reductions on Many Lines of *
Men's and Women's Shoes at Our
CLEARANCE SALE.
y%f^^ J0H10 G£AfCfSj\! Special information supplied, .dally. to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau CAUcn's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, . in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
Prussian state 'railway managers are going, to make
a thorough test of the comparative merits of elec
tricity and steam in hauling freight and passenger
trains.- The tests are to be made with respect to
speed and capacity to haul heavy loads. It is said
the .electrical men arc sanguine that steam will be dis
continued and that electrical locomotives,. will; haul
heavy trains from Hamburg. to Berlin at a rate of
about one hundred miles an hour. -' >
PALO ALTO, July 20.— Governor Odell
of New York visited 8tanford University
to-day with a party of eight. He arrived
at 11 o'clock on a special train, was
driven /about the grounds and walked
through the . arcades of the quadrangle
for an' hour. In the Memorial Church,
Organist Scott Brooks played several
pieces on the great organ. After' a brief
scanning of the Immense interior of the
museum the Governor paid a visit to. Mrs.
Stanford at her home and had a pleasant
chat with her.
Governor Odell at Stanford.
Richard I. Whelan has' been "mentioned" by a
small coterie of Democrats, inspired by factional en
thusiasm, as a possibility for the Mayoralty nomi
nation. While it is altogether probable that Whelan
will not even be "among those present" when the
nomination is made it would f be strange if he could,
with comic ditties/ sing himself into the Mayor's of^
fice as he did into the Sheriff's. It seems, v however,
like asking too much of the musically inclined people
of the city. Cheap vaudeville and Mayoralty dignity
are not a congenial association. ... •
WOODLAND, July 20. —A pathetic trag
edy in the fastnesses beyond Capay Val
ley was brought to the knowledge of the
Coroner to-day. The body of Mrs. Louise
Opperman was found where she had first
been overcome by exhaustion and died
then from natural causes nearly a week
ago.' .While temporarily - Insane she had
wandered five miles from her home. At
the time she perished alone she was with
in half a mile of the house of Fred
Horning, where she might have received
shelter.
The unfortunate woman leaves a hus
band and three children. -
Special Dispatch to The Call
. .To-morrow at 9 o'clock the funeral will
take place from the Church of the Holy
Cross, which stands on the spot .where
her father assisted' in the establishment
of the first mission.
SANTA CRUZ, July 20.— Maria de Los
Angeles Majors, one of the last of the old
time mission Mexicans, died yesterday
and In her death a remarkable woman
was taken away. One who for many
years had been among the heaviest tax
payers of the, county lived to see her
vast possessions of land and stock disap
pear. During the last years of her Ufa
she found It necessary to accept support
from the county.
She came from the Castro family, her
father being one of the Spanish dons.
Jnaquln Castro, her father, came to San
ta Cruz in 1790 with the Franciscan fath
ers from Mexico. They established the
Mission Santa Cruz. Maria de Los An
geles Castro, his daughter, was born In
1818, being 85 years of age at the time of
her death. She was born in one of the
adobe homes of the village of Branci
forte in what is now -known as East San
ta Cruz. She was baptized by the early
missionaries in the old mission church
and given the name of Maria de Los An
geles. With her two sisters she waa
given by the Government of Spain by the
Refuglo grant three leagues of land ex
tending from Moorea Gulch up the coast
to Laguna Creek. In 1833 she married
Joseph L. Majors, an Englishman, who
arrived in Santa Cruz In 1S34 from Ten
nessee. SSKsS
Special Dispatch to The Call
It is strange with what tenacity men seek to add
to the thousand and one opportunities with which
their personal traits and their environment make it
easy for them to be fools. Several Eastern men have
been exposed to unnecessary ridicule by an effort to
discover Captain Kidd's treasure.-
There will be no • welcome for King Edward in
Dublin, as the suggestion of courtesies to be ex
tended caused a disturbance almost as dignified as
a riot These amenities ,of kingly life serve "at least
to modify the monotony of things and give the rest
,«f us something to talk about.
DIES POOR
NEAR HER
OLD LANDS
Governor Odell Departs.
Governor Odell and General Greene of
New York and their party were the
guests yesterday of Major Jared Rath
bone on a trip to Palo Alto, where they
vlslted the university and paid their re
spects to Mrs. Stanford. Later the party
lunched at Burllngame. Last evening
Governor Odell was given a reception by
the Union League Club and at 10:30 hi3
party departed for the Yellowstone Park.
a window, however. I then walked to Point
Reyps and sont telegrams Tor assistance.! have
i-ot the slirhtest Idea what caused the wreck,
but am certain it was not the excessive speed
of the train. -
Ernest Duden testified as follows
I live at 1330 California street. San Fran
c:*co.J I was a passenger on th«* train. On
the trip up we stopped two or three times for
repairs. We arrived at Tomales about 1:30.
We were informed we must leave at 2:30 or
wait until much later. My wife and I ar
rived at the depot before that time. At 2:30
people were still coming and the conductor
held the train. We left there, according to my
watch, at 2:.U. When we arrive J at Point
Ke>es we remained there about S minutes. My
wife and I were sitting together. The first I
knew of the accident the car cave a lurch,
swayed to the right and then to the left. There
was a crash and I came in contact with some
debris and lo«t ccnsclousneas. When I came
to I found I was the only one not pinned down.
1 did not flnd my wife until people came and
cut In the front end of the car. The railroad
company did all they could to make us all
comfortable.
The train was running fully thlrty-flve miles
an hour when the accident occurred. What
attracted my attention to the speed was that
the water dashed out of the tender when the
engine lurched around the curves. I remarked
at that time we were running too fast.
James Tunstead of San Anselmo, ex-
Sheriff of Marin County, who was one of
the most seriously injured passengers,
was seen In San Rafael Immediately af
ter the investigation to-day. He said:
I dl>l not know It was to come off this morn
ing. I did not care, anyway. I will talk
when the proper time comes. One vital mis
take the company made was to notify Mr.
Shoemaker In Tomalen that the train must
leave there at 2:30 and be In Sausallto by 4
o'clock. That space of time In Itself did not
give the engineer time to make the run In -any
iSVmlle per hour speed. I saw we were golntc
too fast and I remarked about It. It la easy
enough to tell how fast by looking at the tele
graph poles or fence posts. I also observed
that there was no bellcord attached to the
engine. To be positive. I put on my glassen
and saw that th»re was none In the eyelet. I
do not care to *p«ak of the matter at
this time, however.
The Jury consisted of R. Cottingham,
P. Duffy. R. Kelly, D. Schneider. P. ln
man, S. Herzog, A. E. Scott and H. Ek
lund.
Mayor des Planches, the Italian Embas
sador. will be the guest of the Mayor to
day on a sight-seeing tour of the *city.
They will drive, leaving the Mayor's resi
dence at 10 o'clock and will take luncheon
at the Cliff House.
Captain Adlgard. commander of the
French Pacific Fleet, and his aid. Lieuten
ant Rene Daveluy. called upon Mayor
Schmitz at the City Hall yesterday to pa>
a social visit.
Will Be Ouest of Mayor.
WHEN the beneficial acts of this adjninistra
tion are summed up for the submission of
the record to the American people, ample
note should be given to what is being done for the
protection of food and drink from adulteration and
from counterfeiting. Attention has been frequently
directed to the action of the Government in enforc
ing the law forbidding the importation of adulterated
or misbranded articles, of food, medicine or drink
from foreign countries; and it now appears that a
similar vigilance is to be exercised over interstate
commerce, as far as the law permits, for the purpose
of preventing adulterations and misbranding in the
A report from* Washington says the only offense
of the kind recognized by the Sherman law is that of
shipping misbranded merchandise, but that is pun
ishable by a fine of from $500 to $1000. It is believed
by the officials that while the law is not sufficiently
comprehensive to cover all the wrongs perpetrate'd in
the way of placing fraudulent foods and medicines on
the market, yet enough can be done under the act,
when taken in connection with that of last winter, to
greatly mitigate the evil..
The steps taken by the Government will furnish
object lessons for the education of Congress. There
is, of course, a powerful lobby to oppose any effort
at suppressing the pernicious trade, but when Con
gressmen perceive the degree of favor shown by the
people to the laws now in operation, they will be
likely to complete the needed legislation on the sub
ject and furnish the administration with authority
to put a stop altogether to one of the most far-reach
ing evils of modern trade.
The manufacturers and sellers of adulterated or
misbranded goods of this kind injure consumers and
subject the producers of honest goods to unfair com
petition. It is therefore in the interest not only of
public health and of honesty, but of legitimate indus
try, to put a stop to the practice. The administration
has already accomplished much in that direction, and
the work merits the recognition, the approval and the
support of the people.
PROTECTING PURE POOD.
FASTNESS
REVEALS A
TRAGEDY
Coming back, we left Tomalen at 2:30 D. m.
We just had engine No. 4 and coach No. 7.
with about thirty passengers. From Tomalea
to Point Reyes we were running a little faster
than schedule time. From Point Reyes to
where the wreck occurred Is about three-quar
ters of a mile. We were not running more
than twenty miles an hour along that stretch.
When the accident occurred It seemed as If
the head end left the rail' first. The coach
left the trestle and turned completely over.
I waa Injured and could be of but little as«lst
ance to my paRBengers. as my arm was useless.
I succeeded In assisting one woman out through
• •H»:»r^»H~X"!'4>i"!'W";"!"l-;"!"1
D. V. Burrows was the lirat witness.
He was the conductor of the wrecked
train. His testimony was substantially
as follows:
We left Sausallto on the day of th? wreck
with engine No. 4 and three cam. Nothing nn
unual happened on the way up. We stopped
once for repairs to the engine. That wn« be
tween L«gunltaa and San Geronlmo. I have
made the trip three or four hundred times.
1 used to make it every day.
Only two witnesses were put upon the
stand. Conductor D. V. .Burrows and Er
nest Duden, a passenger. Judge F. M. An
gellottl. Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court, and Dr. W. J. Wichman. county
physician of Marin, were both important
witnesses, but were out of the county to
day. Judge T. .Million and Thomas Be
neau are still confined to their beds from
injuries sustained and ex-Sheriff James
Tunstead did not care to testify. ,:•'"..
rendered a verdict to the effect that de
ceased came to their death by the over T
turning of a passenger coach at trestle
No. 3& near Point Reyes. The Jury was
out more than an hour. During the delib
erations there were some very animated
discussions. Some of the Jurors wished to
censure ttie railroad company but an open
verdict was finally returned.
The investigation waa resumed at 10
o'clock. It was a continuation of the in
quisition commenced June 25. On that
date the inquest was continued, so that
some of the paEPengers on the ill-fated
train might be able to testify. Since that
date all of the passengers have been sub
poened but this morning only one put in
an appearance.
The newspapers of Japan arc bristling with sug
gestions of unrest over the situation in the East. ' If
they consider affairs now to be In a condition unsat
isfactory to their nation they should save . some of
their adjectives for the time when the Russian bear
goes on the rampage. The little brown men should
remember that they are not yet invincible. *
MEMBER OF TRAIN CREW AND PASSENGER WHO YESTERDAY TOLD
A CORONER'S JURY THE bTORY OF THE RECENT FATAL ACCI
DENT ON THE NORTH SHORE RAILROAD. • , . -,
San Francisco— C. Bosworth. H. Harris.
J. McDonald at the Imperial: X. R. Arter
at the Herald Square; H. Burns at the
Albert: N. MacGregor at the Marl
borough; B. L. McClelland, Miss K. "War
ner at the St. Denis: L. McCreedy at the
Manhattan; W. A. Morris. Mrs. H. R.
Robertson at the Navarre; Miss O'Sulli
van at the Albemarle; G. Richardson at
the Grand Central: A. L. Sayles at the
Union Square; J. A. Weston at the GU
sey. ¦
Los Angeles— W. H. Booth, J. H. Ryles
at the Broadway Central: Mrs. J. J.
Fletcher. L. Isaac, F. X. Pfallinger at
the Herald Square ; Mrs. C. W. Hinch
cllff, J. F. Morley and wife at the Im
perial; Mrs. J. Hollahan at th« Grand
Union.
. Sacramento— C. J. Noack at the Belve
dere.
San Jose— H. Hersey at the Manhattan.
Californians in New York.
NEW TORK, JuJy ».— The following
Callfornlans have arrived at the New
York hotels:
' number of Democratic papers have be
pun advertising for candidates. The Philadelphia
Reccrd puts forward this bid: "If the right man will
make a speech or write a letter reaffirming in clear
and ringing terms, and without circumlocution and
evasion, the historic doctrines of the party, the doc
trines under which it has won victories, the Demo
cratic rank and file will recognize him at once as their
-leader; he will be virtually nominated before the
convention, and he will be a platform himself."
There is the chance of a lifetime. The right man
will please get to work at once on the preparation of
the letter or speech. The question should be set
tled before the silly season is over, for when business
is resumed in the fall the people will have no time
nor inclination to give attention to a dispute as to
who is to be the Democratic Panjandrum next year.
Some of the New York watchers on the signal
lower assert that Parker is the man who will play the
pelt of Moses, for everything is coming his way. On
ihc other hand a New York correspondent of the Bos
ton Transcript writes that the talk of Parker is in
tended merely to cover an intrigue for Hill and that
the New York politicians have no illusions on the
subject. A Washington corrrespondent of the Phila
delphia Ledger says a Western Congressman, who
has been making a tour of New England, reports that
the Ea=t is about solid for Olney and that it is under
stood he will receive the support of Cleveland.
The Baltimore American learns that there is a strong
movement going on toward Judge George Gray of
Delaware; while the Washington corrrespondent of
the Atlanta Constitution avers that all signs around
the capital point to the nomination of Gorman.
As one of those authorities is about as good as an
cther, the friends of the various candidates named
may take choice as to which they will believe. It is
but fair to the Constitution man to say that he re
views the whole field before declaring that Gorman is
the probable winner. He puts down the list of can
didates in this way: "Of the men placed in the list of
possibilities, the most prominent besides the Mary
land Senator are Mr. Olney of Massachusetts, Mr.
Hill and Judge Parker of New York; Judge George
Gray, now on the United States bench and formerly
Senator from Delaware; Mayor "Tom" Johnson of
Cleveland, former Governor Francis of Missouri and
Mayor Carter Harrison of Chicago. Occasionally
one hears of W. R. Hearst of New York, but nobody
takes the Hearst talk at all seriously."
The candidates who are not taken seriously may as
well be dismissed from further consideration, for
Democracy is going to be very serious for the next
twelve months. Of the serious candidates it is to be
noted that several are already being subjected to the
puncturing process. It is asserted that Parker is by
nature so cold that when he went to Georgia to at
tend the meeting of the State Bar Association he pro
duced such a frost that it came very near killing the
watermelons. The Springfield Republican dismisses
Judge Gray by declaring that he accepted a seat on
the Supreme bench as a reward for voting for the
annexation of the Philippines while in the Senate.
Hill of New York will doubtless be counted out by
Tammany on the quiet, and the ruction in Missouri
will sidetrack Francis of that State. There will be
left then just Olney, Gorman and Tom Johnson.
• Under such conditions it is not surprising that a
AX uld story tells of a man who was so cross
eyed that he looked two ways for Sunday.
Reasoning; from that precedent, the Demo
ir.au: party must be a cross-eyed Argus, for it is
looking about two hundred ways for a candidate for
the Presidency. Representatives of various factions
arc quite sure they see the coming man, but they do
not agree as to the individual. There are representa
tives of other factions who declare no man is coming,
but they swear they see a winning candidate sitting in
the shade of the woods and taking it easy, waiting for
ihc party to come up and hand him the nomination
c:i a silver salver.
DEMOCRATIC GUESSING
,lTfffftf 1 fM_v_ If If
TUESDAY : JULY «. 1903
JOHN Oi SPRECKELS, Proprietor^
/carets All Communications to'W. 3. LEAK& Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAUL. The Operator Will Connect
You With # the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Bterensoajjlt.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Inducing- Po«t*c« <C«ah With Order) :
DAILT CALL <!nclu6lnf Sunday). oo« ye*r fS.OO
PAILT CALL (Ineludloc Sunday). « months ¦*»O°
DAILT CALL— Br 8ir«i« Month T5c
61TNDAT CALL. On« Tear • ••• 2Jio
WEEKLY CALL. On« Tear 1«°°
f Dally. . . #8.80 Per T«*r Extra
FOBEIGN POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 Par Tear Kxtra.
I We«kly.. 1.OO Per Tear Kxtra
All Postmasters are •atfcorised to reeelTe
subscriptions.
SampU copies will t* forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering* cbanre of addr»n should be
particular t» tfTe both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to iTLFurr a prompt and borrect compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadwar Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
214S Center Street. . Telephone Jforth 77
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Manager Foreign Adver
tising, Marqnrtte Balldtnar, fblofo.
(Lon*- Distance Telephone •'Central 2C19.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDKNT:
•IORTO\ E. CRANE 14O0 G Street, H. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPUES B. SMITH 3<» Tribune Building:
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOSi Herald Sqnare
NEW TORK. NEWS STANDS:
Wa'.dorf-Astorta Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Tnlon Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aveeue Hotel and Hoffman Houi-e.
CHICAGO -NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel,
Tresicr.t House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer Hou*e.
I1RO.CH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
i;nt<l 8:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. 633
M<- A Ulster, open until 9:30 o'clock. CI5 Larkln, open until
V S.» o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2291
K&rkxt, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clo k. 1098 Va-
IrttCia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
sVlsrk. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
nsttfl ¦ o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
Captain A. H. Payson. assistant to the
president of the Santa Fe road, who has
been in the East for several days con
ferring with President Rlpley relative to
the floating of bonds for the construction
of the new line between Eureka and this
city, returned yesterday.
Rev. G. H. Jone9, who for the last six
teen years has been attached to the Meth
odist Episcopal mission in Seoul, Korea.
and who is also a member of the Korean
board of Bible translators, was among
the passengers on yesterday's steamer
from the Orient. He is at the Occidental.
R. J. Kllpatiick. a member of the firm
of Kilpatrlck Bros. & Collln. which i3
doing the construction work for the
Southern Pacific Company on the Lucin
cut-off, is at the Palace. He states that
the gigantic undertaking will be complet
ed about the end of the year. : > • .
John T. Arundel. head of the British
syndicate which is interested in th© guano
deposits on Cllpperton Island, arrived;
from the Orient yesterday and is regis-^
tered at th« Occidental.
L. Slaenvlne. proprietor of the Palace
Hotel cigar stand, has gone to Seigler
Springs for three weeks' vacation and the
hunt of game.
Thomas 8tateler. local general agent of
ttfe Northern Pacflc road, has gone to
Los Angeles on a business trip.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah is at the
Lick.
Dr. D. J. Prather of Bakersfleld Is at
the Grand.
Dr. V. A. Spencer of Los Angeles is at
the California.
Dr. Alfred Wheeler of Philadelphia 13
at the Occidental.
Bank Commissioner Herbert Snver of
Los Angeles is at the- Palace.
Among the latest arrivals at the Grand
is Dr. D. Smith of Livermore.
PERSONAL MENTION.
VICTORIA. B. C July 20-The ful
court gave Judgment to-day on the appeal
of Hopper vs. Dunsmulr. a side issue in
the famous case brought by Edna Wal
lace Hopper against James Dunsmuir.
seeking to break the will of the million
aire's brother, allowing the appeal with
costs and ordering the defendant to make
full answer to all the questions objected
t0 As there is little chance ,t the prelim
inary questions being settled before Octo
ber, in view of iJis decision, the court
ordered the trial to be further postponed
until the December sitting.
A further appeal was then argued in the
samrdse. the plaintiff appealing from
the order of Justice Drake, on the appli
cation for a better affidavit of documents
from the defendant. This appeal, was a so
allowed in favor of the plaintiff with
costs. Dunsmuir being ordered to make
full disclosures of all documents In nia
possession relating to the suit in any
way.
S'AN RAFAEL., July 20.— The Cor-
I oner's Investigation into the cause
of the wreck of the funeral train
on the North Shore Railroad, near
Point Reyes, Sunday, June 21, in
which Anton Roman and Michael Kirk
lost their lives and twenty-four out of
the thirty passengers* sustained, injuries,
was ended to-day. The Coroner's Jury
THE forests of the United- States are making
their last stand on this coast. Already, not only
destructive lumbering but niore destructive fires
are wiping them out. Perhaps we are too far away
from the locality of the Eastern. forest* to be admon
ished, by their fate, but it may be interesting to the
few who seem to know the relations of forests to fer
tility to know the facts. • '
In an address to the Society of American Foresters
in March last, President Roosevelt said: "The object
of forestry is not to preserve the forests because they
are beautiful, though that is good in itself, nor be
cause they are refuges for the wild creatures of the
wilderness, though that, too, is good in itself; but
the. primary object of our forest policy, as of the
land policy of the United States, is the -making of
prosperous homes. It is a part of the traditional
policy of home-making of our country. The- whole
effort of the Government in dealing with the' forests
must be directed to this end, 'keeping in view the fact
that it is not only necessary to start the homes as
prosperous, but to keep them so. That is why the
forests are to be kept. -You can start a prosperous
home by destroying the forests, but you cannot keep
it prosperous that way." . \ '/".'¦ ¦<¦¦ •
Those words are df deep import to California. ' The
preservation of the forests here is the preservation of
the fertility of the valley lands, and therefore the
preservation of the prosperity of the homes located
thereon. If our forests are given over to saw and
fire as were those of the East, their end will come
sooner because of the aridity of our climate.
The figures on the Eastern forests stagger the imagi
nation. The forest area' of Michigan, Wisconsin and
Minnesota, principally white pine,, contained-origin
ally a stand of three hundred and fifty billion feet.
Lumbering that region began in 1836, but was not of
much consequence until the early seventies, when in
creased population made the demand. In 1873 the cut
was four billion feet, and it reached the maximum in
1892, when it was over eight billion five hundred mil
lion feet. Then it declined, and last year barely
reached five billion feet. In the last thirty years the
lumber cut aggregated one hundred and eighty-eight
billion feet, lath and shingles twenty-eight billion feet.
With the fifty billion feet cut before 1873, the total is
two hundred and sixty-six billion feet. It is esti
mated that of the remainder of eighty-four billion feet,
sixty billion was destroyed , by fire, leaving the
wretched remnant of twenty-four billion out of that
vast forest. ,
y The yellow pine is in the Southern States. Lum
bering in it began later than in the white pine of the
North. Of it one hundred and sixty-three billion feet
have been already lumbered, and there is left'a hun
dred and thirty-seven billion feet, which is being
vigorously attacked and will soon disappear. No sec
ond growth of white pine is coming on, the forest
fires having made that impossible, and the same fate
may be expected in the case of the yellow pine, and
the two long-leaved members of the family may be
regarded as ended in that part of the continent.
When the forests of this coast are destroyed to the
same extent. as those in the East, the effect on our
climate will be seriously felt, and as a place for homes
we will be worse off that any other part of the
country.
CORONER'S JURY PLACES
NO BLAME ON COMPANY
THE death of Pope Leo XIII will excite the
sympathy of the civilized world, without distinc
tion of race or creed. Born March 2, 1810, his
name was Vinceneo Giacchino Pecci. On his
mother's side he was a descendant of Cola di Rienzi,
the last of the Roman tribunes. He achieved the
highest honors in scholarship, and was not only a re
markable linguist, but deeply versed in modern
science. He was made a priest on December 23, 1837,
and within a few years became the Apostolic Dele
gate at Bcncvento, where, at an early age, he dis
played his unconquerable firmness and his executive
power by the suppression of brigandage. He was
afterward qualified to become the Nuncio to Brus
sels, where his service was principally diplomatic and
where he deeply 'studied those? political and social
problems to which, after his elevation to the Papacy,
he attracted such widespread attention. Then he was
Bishop of Perugia for thirty-two years, when he was
made a Cardinal, and in 1877, as Cardinal Camer
lingo, he performed the solemn ceremony of lightly
tapping the forehead of his predecessor, Pius IX, with
a silver hammer and officially announcing his death,
and shortly afterward was elected his successor.
This bald outline, filled up in the columns of The
Call, brings before our readers one of the most fruit
ful-lives of the century, prolonged not only in years
but in vigor, in influence and in impressiveness, and
which was greatest at its close. It is not our
province to discuss Leo XIII in his capacity of Su
preme Pontiff or spiritual head of a great church
that numbers among its children more than two hun
dred millions of human beings, of every race and
living under every form of government. Nor is it
within our purpose to dwell upon his scholarship,
which was deep, broad and thorough, and ranked
him among scientists, philosophers and poets. The
central point of secular interest in his wonderful
career is his statesmanship, which alone would have
placed him almost, if not quite, at the head of the
illustrious men of the nineteenth century. His grasp
of the burning questions of tl\e day and the luminous
intelligence with which he treated them were enough
to immortalize his name. His first declarations, after
he had been invested with the Ring of the Fisherman,
proved that in the consideration of those momentous
issues that affect and control terrestrial life he was
bent on the suppression of antagonisms and on the
development of fraternal unities. In his first en
cyclical letter, April 2, 1878, with a total disregard of
polemics, he discussed the evils affecting modern so
ciety and appealed to the underlying love of virtue in
the human race. In his second encyclical letter, De
cember 28, 1878, he gently but with inexorable logic
exposed the errors of socialism, communism and
nihilism, and defined the true relations and the recip
rocal obligations of capital and labor, holding with
even hand the balance of justice between the two.
While rebuking the audacity and the crude theories
of anarchical .parties, he demanded that the rich
should help the poor and should pay reasonable
wages for proper service. In June. 1888, he promul
gated an encyclical letter on "Liberty." in which he
asserted the natural freedom of man, and, as an evi
dence of his reasoning power, his submission to the
proper restrictions of government. In May, 1891, his
encyclical letter on the condition of the working
classes appeared, in which he opposed labor con
tracts for the benefit of the few, defended private
property as originating in an inherent right and of
fering a rational motive for labor and for economy,
reiterated his belief that wages should be propor
tioned to work, skill and surrounding conditions,
and advocated workingmen's unions, analogous to
the guilds of the Middle Ages.
The policy of Pope Leo XIII throughout his Pon
tificate was conciliatory and in harmony with modern
progress. He restored friendly relations between the
Papacy and Russia, Germany and Switzerland. He
threw his personal influence into the scale when Car
dinal Lavigerie solicited from the European nations
a common declaration against the revival of the
slave trade in Africa. He closed his long-standing
controversy with Bismarck by an amiable correspon
dence with the first German Emperor of recent
times. He recognized the French republic, and dis
claimed any right of interference with forms of gov
ernment, referring to the United States as "growing
greater and greater every day." "Accept the repub
lic," he said, "that is to say, the power constituted
and existing among you; respect it, and be sub
mitted to it as representing the power that comes
from God."
In his relations with the United States Pope Leo
XIII was peculiarly fortunate, and accepted the
trend of modern ideas in his appreciation of our in
stitutions. On the occasion of his sacerdotal jubilee.
President Cleveland, through Cardinal Gibbons, sent
him a copy of the Federal constitution, and in his re
ply he declared that liberty was guaranteed by that
instrument. When Monsignor Satolli had been ap
pointed his personal representative, in January, 1895,
he addressed a letter to the Archbishop and Bishops
in the United States, in which he referred to our na
tional growth and to the destiny to which we seemed
to be advancing, and expressed his wish that the
Catholic church should "not only share in but help
bring about this prospective greatness." He uttered
words of warning against the turbulence of strikes,
while approving of lawful combinations among the
industrial classes, and bade Catholics to "labor for
the tranquillity of the commonwealth," to "obey the
law," to "abhor violence" and to "seek no more than
equity and justice permit." At a still later period he
alluded to the fact that both Protestants and Catho
lics were among the Regents of the New York Uni
versity, and added: "How then can I complain of
the institutions of America? The more I study them
the more they please me. I have admonished all the
people in America to refrain from strikes, never % to
resort to violence to redress a grievance, but to ap
peal to the law and the constitution."
This great man, in his attitude toward the secular
world, toward the mass of human beings everywhere,
was a powerful and a practical statesman, and, bet
ter than some of our imperialists and annexationists,
comprehended the equality and the significance of
American government and of American civilization.
He avoided the interblending of church and state,
and used his faculties for the benefit of mankind.
Throughout all his papers unity of purpose was ap
parent. As Gladstone once said of Daniel O'Connell,
he had "a passion for philanthropy," which did not,
however, blind him to facts or obscure his reason.
His most intense desire was\that his policy should be
perpetuated after his death, and he repeatedly evinced
his interest in the choice, (if his successor. As "Crux
cruets" was pathetically applied to Pius IX when he
sank to his final sleep, so "Lumen in coelo" will be
the halo with which the world will invest*(he name,
the character and the influence of Leo XIII.
POPE LEO XIII.
DUNSMTJIR
MUST TELL
ALL FACTS
OUR STOOK OF TIMBER.
THE /SAN" FBAISCISCO CALL., TUESDAY; //JULY 21, 1903
8
. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
, A BALD NEWSPAPER MAN.
Getting a New Crop of Hair and Has
No More Dandruff.
Everybody In the Northwest knows
Colonel Daniel Searles, the veteran jour-
nalist and publicist of Butte. January 1<\
1900, the colonel writes: "I used a couple
of bottles of Newbro's Herpicide with
marvelous results. The dandruff disap-
peared, a new crop of hair has taken root
and the bald spot Is rapidly being cov-
ered." Herpicide Is the only ha!r prepara-
tion that kills the dandruff germ that
digs up the scalp in scales as it burrows
its way to the root of the hair, where it
destroys the vitality of the hair, causing
the hair to fall out. Kill the dandruff
germ with Herpicide. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c In stamps for sample
to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
Man's Comfort
These hot days depends not a little
upon his lines, and this, in turn,
upon the laundry he patronizes. If
you'll place your dependence upon
the TJ. S.'s work "cool as a cucum-
ber" can be emblazoned on your linen
and satisfaction on your countenance.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OPPICE 1004 MASSET ST»£ST,EXPLOSION OF MOLTEN
METAL INJTTRES FIVE
Two of Those Burned at a Colorado
Blast Furnace Will Prob
ably Die.
PUEBLO. Colo., July 20.— In an explo
sion that occurred at blas^ furnace K at
the Minnequa Steel Works this afternoon
five men were burned, two of whom will
probably die.
The seriously Injured are: William Hen
ry, burned 1 all over; Thomas Jeffery,
arms, shoulders and head burned.
The men were opening the trap of the
notch to allow the molten metal to run
Into the ladles when the explosion oc
curred. It is thought' that a pool of cool
water In the trough caused the explosion.
TO -ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
George F. Kradle, miner, . Oro FIno,
SJsklyou County, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes SS52 and has no as
sets. ' y.sf^yv.v:
Bankrupt Miner.
For writing an obscene letter on Sep
tember 24, 1901, to Miss Marion Hill, a
17-year-old girl, residing at Michigan
Bluff, William B. Potter, a laborer, was
arrested yesterday by United States Mar
shal Shine and lodged In the County Jail
to await the action of the Federal Grand
Jury. .
Letter Writer in Trouble.
. Departmental expenses for two years
cover &» total of $2,632,000, salaries amount
to $1,S16,000, expenses for inaugurating
county government $750,000 and emergency
appropriations $244,894. These are the
largest items and they indicate, allowing
for the scattered condition of the Terri-»
tory, a much governed people who are
paying for the privilege. Borrowing
against future taxes Is already being ar
ranged. Treasurer Kepolkal reporting that
the Income of the Government for the
current month will not exceed $S0,000, and
more than this will be absorbed by sala
ries, leaving nothing for the Department
of Public Works, the Board of Health
and the Department of Public Instruc
tion^ which are the three great Govern
ment spenders.
HONOLULU. July 14.— After two ses
sions extending over 120 days the Legisla
ture of Hawaii has appropriated $3,423,
$39 43 for 150,000 people. This is at the
rate of $56 per capita of the population for
the biennial period, or $28 per annum. The
income of the Government Is at the rate
of $2,300,000 a year, or $4,600,000 for the
biennial period. Deducting a loan appro
priation of $2,397,270 75, the total of all
other appropriations amounts to $8,026.-
SSS 74, to meet which the prospective in
come Is $4,600,000.
Has Prospective Income
of $4,600,000 to
Meet $6,026,588.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed July 20— Stmr Graf
"Waldersee, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 18— Stmr Bar
barcssa, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 20— Stmr Dama
ra, from Halifax and St Johns. N F; stmr Sy
ria, from New York.
MOVILLE— Arrived July 20— Stmr Astoria,
from New York, for Glasgow ; stmr Pretorlan,
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and both pro
ceeded. '.
BOULOGNE— Sailed July 19— Stmr Potsdam,
for New York. - ¦ ,
NEW YORK— Arrived July 20— Stmr Vader
land, from Antwerp.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
' BRISBANE— Arrived prior to July IS— Br
stmr Moana, from Vancouver..
DELAGOA BAT — Arrived June 2ft— Nor bark
Oxo. from Eureka.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 18 Jap
stmr Riojun Maru, from Seattle
SINGAPORE — Arrived July 16 — Fr stmr
Brelz Huel, from Manila, for New York.
VALENCIA — Arrived July 13— Span stmr
Antonio Lopez, from Manila, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July 18
Stmr Hyades, from Tacoma.
PERIM— Parsed July 10— Br stmr Achilles,
from Tacoma. for Liverpool.
LEITH— Sailed July^ 14— Ger ship Herzotfn
Sophie Charlotte,, for Honolulu.
SUEZ— Arrived July 10— Br stmr Sellasia.
from Manila, for New. York.
HAMBURG— In port July 7— Ger bark Blr
ma, for San Diego.
MANZANILLO— Sailed July 18— Oer stmr
Silesia, for San Francisco, via Mazatlan.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
July 18, stmr Hawaiian, from Hilo, for Fhlla
delphla. • .. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
HILO— Sailed July 17— Bark Amy Turner,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
PT, HICHAElr-Sailed July 6—Stmr-Cone
m'auffh. for Nome. .:
SOUTH BKND— Arrived July 20— Stmr Ri
val, hence July 15. * •¦-.-•
SEATTLE— Arrived July 19— Stmf Meteor,
from Nome.
Sailed July 19 — Stmr James Dollar, for San
Francisco: stmr Al-Kl. for Skaifway.
VENTURA— Sailed July 20— Stmr Asuncion,
for Redondo; etmr Santa Monica, for Port Lea
Angeles. '«
Arrived July 20— Btmr Santa Monica, hence
July 18. ..
EUREKA— Arrived July 19— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay: stmr Corona, hence July IS.
July 20— Stmr Coqullle River, hence July 18.
Sailed July 20— Stmr Eureka, for 'San Fran
cisco: stmr Alliance, for San Francisco. July
19 — Schr Fortuna, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out July 20— Stmr James
Dollar, for San Francisco.
Passed in July 20 — Ger stmr Denderah,
hence July 10. for Seattle and Vancouver.
Passed in July 20— Schr John Q North, from
Friendly Islands. . ¦ ..
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 20— Stmr Ruth,
from Howens Landing; bktn Chaa F Crocker,
from Everett: schr Mabel Gray, from Eureka.
Sailed. July 20— Stmr Greenwood, for , San
Francisco; schr 'Halcyon, for Grays Harbor;
stmr'Alcatras, for'Pcrt Los 'AngelcsW- " •
REDONDO— Arrived July 20— Stmr Asun
cion, hence. July 18."
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 20— Stmr Ra
mona. for San Franclaco.
PORT. LOS ANGELES— Arrived -July, 2O—
Stmr Santa Barbara, hence July 18: stmr AI
catraz, from San Pedro; stmr Santa Monica,'
from Ventura.. . . ..' . '
ASTORIA— Arrived ' July 20— Stmr, Robe rl
Dollar, hence July 15: * r '•¦• ¦» .' ' * v ¦
SANTA BARHARA— Arrived July 20^-Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence July li), and sailed for San
Diego:
FORT BRAGG — Arrived July . ' fk— Stmr
Brooklyn, hence July 19.
EVERETT— Arrived July 20— Stmr Queen,
from Seattle. • , ¦
Sailed July 20— Stmr Queen, for Seattle.
WAIL FACES
A BIG DEFICIT
Deputy Assessor Kline called attention
to the fact that only seventy-three appli
cations ,for reductions !n assessments had
been filed. The first year of Assessor
Dodge's administration more than 500 of
such petitions were submitted to the
board. . On motion of Supervisor Connor
the board expressed its appreciation,. of
the splendid showing made by Assessor
Dodge in the assessment roll as returned
by him.
Clerical errors on the assessment roll,
amounting to a total reduction of $5410
were ordered to ba* corrected.
The petition of. the German Savings and
Loan Society that the assessment on its
bank building on California street be re
duced from $50,000 to $60,000 was denied.
Deputy Assessor Kline stated that the
assessment should be $120,000. based on the
fact that the HIbernia Bank building Is
assessed for $200,000.
Bartlett Doe and J. S. Doe asked for
a' reduction to $160,000 of the $200,000 as
sessment on the St. Nicholas Hotel,
claiming that the theater portion of. the
building Is unproductive, but the board
denied the application.
Action was taken by the board on other
applications as follows: Charles F. Ltb
by, north side of Page street, near De
visadero, reduced from $2500 to $2000; Mrs.
M. McCormick, east side Xoe street, near
Twenty-first street, application for reduc
tion from $j90 to $300 denied: James K.
?Ti*ser > west side of Shrader street, near
Waller', reduced from $4500 to $4000; George
K. Frlnk, improvements northwest side of
Mission street, near Eighth, reduced from
$eoo to $300.
The list of arbitrary assessments re
turned by Assessor Dodge was left un
disturbed, so the assessments will stand.
Herman Rogers pleaded for a reduction
from $20,000 to $10,000 upon real property
on Stockton street, near Vallejo, but the
board fixed the assessment at $15,000.
Connor thought a fair assessment would
be 25 per cent of their assumed value, or
$150,000, and this was agreed to by the
board. This amount includes the*assess
ment on the furniture in the mansion.
Braunhart said for -his part he was In
favor of exempting works of art from
taxation; but the law was plain and had
to be enforced. ", •¦-
The Board of' Supervisors met yester
day for the purpose of concluding the
equalizing of assessments and began its
labors by placinsr an assessment valua
tion of $150,000 on ,the colledUon of pic
tures and personal property now contain
ed In the mansion of Mrs. Arabella D.
Huntlngton, widow of the late Collls P.
Huntingdon. r '.'•
E. Black Ryan, attorney for Mrs. Hunt
ington, appeared before the board, but
Eald he could not place a valuation -upon
the pictures.. Ryan said he had made a
statement to the Assessor to the effect
that he had no knowledge of their value
and askinc that some one .be appointed
to appraise 'the paintings. To comply
with the law he had valued them at $25,
000 for assessment purposes. Ryan said
he did not even know that the pictures
were In existence.
Supervisors Conclude Their
Labors as Board of
Equalization.
Mrs. A. D. HuntiDgton's
Assessment Raised
to $150,000.
MUST PAY TAXES
ON ART GALLERY
Centralla Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Strfle Jf Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 13
Dcrlc China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
July 24.
Corona Humboldt- 1:30 pjPler 19
Herodot Hamburg &¦ Way.. 2 pm.Pler 23
Ramona.... San Pedro & Way. 9 am'Pier l'J
July 25.
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chico Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Olympic. 1 Whatcom & Falrhn 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Lothian China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 10
City Sydney. N. Y. via" Panama. 12 m Pier 10
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
July 20.
8. Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
July«27.
G.W.Elder. . Astoria & Portland It am Pier 24
J. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coo* D.& Pt. Orford 4 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
July 28.
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 pm Pier 19
Argyll Nome direct
July 20. 7 ?
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
July no.
Qu«en Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
July 31. ; ' . "
N Maru China & Japan...'. 1 pm Pter 40
Nevadan.... Hnolulu ft Kahulul 3 pmlPler 20
FROM SEATTLE.
8teamer. For. I Sa'K
Spokane...... Skagway &. Way Ports. July 21
Cottago City.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome ...'....... July 23
Humboldt.... Skagway A Way Ports. July 23
City Seattle.. Bkagway & Way Ports. July 2t»
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July 27
Al-Kl... Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July -£i
City Topeka.. Skagway A Way Ports. July 30
Ohio .' Nome * St Michael... Aug. 1
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt». Aug. 1
Aztec Nome '........ Aug. 1
Roanoke. Nome & St. Michael... Aug. *
Senator...... Nome .....Aug. ft
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. From. Due. i
Alliance Portland St Way Ports. July*21
San Mateo. . . . Tacoma July 21
Kamona...... San Pedro & Way Ports July 21
Lothian .. Hongk'g via Manzanillo July 21
Eureka..:.... Humboldt July 21
Alameda Honolulu July 21
Umatilla..... Puget Sound Ports...'.'! July 21
Chico Coqullle River July 22
Tltanla. ...... Nanalmo July 22
Corona....... Humboldt ;. "*"july22
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma. .'.'.' July 22
Alaskan New York July "2
Phoenix Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 22
Mackinaw.... Tacoma ........;. July 23
Santa Rofa... San Diego & Way Ports July 23
N« w P° rt Ktw York via Panama. July 23
DelNorte.... Crescent City. .. - j U 4v *>«
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria!!.' July 24
Silesia Hamburg A Way Ports. July 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena.'.'...'- Tniv'oj
M. Dollar Everett ¦' j" J o«
Pomona...... Humboldt """" jU v 5%
Argo E«l River Ports....".'.'" JJ.. ««
S.Barbara... 8an Pedro July 25
8. Monica .... San Pedro " " July *>5
Arcata....... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford! July 23
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. July '>8
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.....". j u ,C £
Queen Puget Sound Ports... July "fl
Curacao...... Mexican PorU.. ' j U (y 07
Ventura...... fydney & Way Ports... July 27
State of Cal.. San Diego A Way Ports July 27
Coronaelo Grays Harbor .... J»iv 9«
North Fork. . . Humboldt .-" " July •>«
Clavering..:".. China & Japan. " j u iv 5s
City Para. . . . New York via Panama: July- 29
Ramona. San Pedro & Way Ports July 20
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria.... July 29
>.-^ s TO SAIL.
i £ Steamer. .: "/; Destination. Sails. Pier.
*"' J r^ -¦¦ ' • ¦• • July 21. ~ : ™
San Pedro. . . Humbuldt ......... % pm Pier 2
Pomona...'.. Humboldt |l:30 pi Pier 10
Argo..*...... Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier' 2
-Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
v . - ¦ s July 22. .
Iaqua Humboldt , . . ....>;. 9 am Pier 2
Columbia..: Astoria &' Portland 11 am Pier 2i
Rainier....". Seattle & Whatcom .4 pm Pier 10
North Fork:. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
¦ : . . -•¦ . 'July 23. u ,. ¦ ¦ % - •: ¦
rhoenlx..... Pt. Arena & Mndcno 1 pm Pier 13
Monday, July 20. s .
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co. • . . '
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ship Xieo Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Monday, July 20.
Btmr Coos Bay. Nlcolsoa, San Pedro. .
8tmr City of Puebla, Jepaen, Victoria.
Stmr South Portland, Hornsman, Seattle.
Btmr Sequoia, Winkle, Tillamook.
> Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Mendoclno.
fctmr Czarina, 8eaman, Coos Bay.
Btmr Arcata. Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Btmr Navarro, Weber, Mendoclno.
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ship Crown of England — May 15. 800
miles ENE of New Zealand,\Fr ship Leon
Bupreau, from Newcastle, Aim, for San Fran-
July 29, lat 16 8, Ion 37 45 W, Ger bark
Victoria, from Punta Arenas, for Falmouth.
June 24, lat 31 47 8. Ion 46 66 W. Br ship
Eurasia, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
li June 28, lat 20 03 8, Ion 39 81 W, Fr bark
1 Paris, from Hamburg, for-Honolulu.-
Per Btmr Nevadan— July .17, lat 34 04 N, Ion
134 12 W, stmr City of Peking, hence July 15.
for China. July 17, lat 34 80 N, Ion 138 13 W,
brig Tanner, from San Pedro, for Seattle. • ->-
> TELEGRAPHIC. ; . '-¦ .\
POINT LOBOS, July "20, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 16 miles per hour..:
DOMESTIC PORTS. - '
GRAYS HARBOR— Balled July lg— Schr
Melroee, for Redondo; schr James Roiph, for
HUo.
- COOS BAT — Arrived July 20— Bchrl Esther
Buhne, from 'San Pedro.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 20.
Etmr Nevadan, Weeden, 8 days 6 hours from
Honolulu. ''"'i» "^
Btmr Itosencrans. Johnson, 12 days from
St Michael. ¦ .
Stmr National City. Johnson, 14 houra from
Fort BraKK- •
Btmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from Ban Diego.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 50 houra from San
Pedro.
Btmr Pasadena. Rasmussen, CO houra from
Eanta Cruz Island.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 54 hours from San
Pedro.
Ger stmr Herodot, Kagelmacher, 3 days from
Seattle; put In to finish loading.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Rent, 26 days 23
hours 29 minutes from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama 16 days 22% hours, and via Honolulu
6 days 2 hours.
Br ship Crown of Kngland, Hlgglns, 72 days
from Newcastle, Ans.
Bktn Kohala, Dedrlck, 24 days from Ele«le.
Schr "Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Advance, Jorgensen, 2% daya from Co
aullle River
Shipping Intelligence.
Charles Meehan Transferred.
Charles Mechan received news yester
day of his transfer to the position of
7hinese Inspector in charge of the Chinese
Bureau at this port, under the administra
tion of the recently created Department
of Commerce and Labor. Mr. Meehan'i
salary, which wa<? $6 per day. has been in
creased to tH per day. He will have
charge of the bureau, under direction of
Commissioner North.
The case of Rev. Father Terence Cara
her of St. Krancis Church, who was cited
to appear before Judge Cook to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt of court, was called yesterday
morning. Father Caraher was represent
ed by Attorney Garret McEnerney. At
torney George D. Collins was present on
behalf of the lessees of the premises at
1129 Dupont street.
A citation had also been issued against
Chief» of Police Wittman. but aa it had
not b<en served upon him owing to his
absence in the East Attorney McEnerney
asked for a continuance till the Chief re
turned, so that both cases could be heard
at the same time. The Judge granted a
continuance till August 2.
The allfg^d contempt by Father Caraher
was in inciting the police to disobey the
Injunction ifsued by the Judge in connec
tion with the premises? at 1129 Dupont
meet. In Chief Wittman's case it was
for making arrests of women on the
premises after the issuance of the injunc
tion.
FATHER CABAHEB- CITED
TOB. CONTEMPT OF COUBT
Judge Cook, by Bequest, Grants Con
tinuance Till Chief "Witt
man Returns.
The steamer Enterprije failed on Saturday
for Hilo with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $70,205, and Including the follow
ing: 420 bbl» flour. 725 pkgs fresh fruit. 40
pk£8 fresh vegetables. 404 pkgs potatoes. 90
pkgs onions. 3.179 bales hay 619S ctls bar
ley. 1.11.849 lbs bran, 40,043 lbs middlings. 182
ctls wheat. 90.000 lbs rice, C130 lbs oats. 4225
lb» corn. 3427. lbs fresh meat. CO6.315 lbs fer
tilizer. 7212 lbs beans. 5<!27 lbs 8 cs mtll
etuff.o. 1118 lbs peas. 28,800 lbs 9 pkgs salt,
ISO cs assorted canned goods. 949 pkgs groceries
and provisions, S2 pkgs CO cs salmon. 49 cs
paste. 2597 lbs shrimps. G703 lba bread, 36 pkgs
assorted n»>h. 590 lbs butter. 700 lbs cheese,
6992 lbs 1 cs tobacco. C32 gals vinegar. 300 lbs
raisins. 1110 lbs 4 cs dried fruit. 1667 lbs H
pkgg candy. 7392 gals wine. 45 pkgs beer.
39.1K lbs sugar, 25 cs whisky. 1 cs mineral
water. 5 c* brandy. 1230 lbs codfish. 103 pkgs
peanuts, 77 pkgs dry goods. 136 cs boots and
¦hoes 2 cs hats, 1ft pkgs drugs. 8 bales twine.
31 cs' nails 16 pkgs paints and oils, 25 colls
rope 2 tons coal. 144 pkgs paper. 1016 lbs
copper 425 cs coal oil, 4 cs electrical sup
plies. 7 bdls brooms. 90 bdla shook.", 100 bbls
lime." 3 bales leather.
A Cargt) for Hilo.
The American bark Challenger (at Che
malnus) will load lumber there for Cape Town
or Delagoa Bay at Ms 9d. chartered in Eng
land, prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Crown of Enrland. which
arrived here yesterday,' 72 days from New
castle. Australia, brought 2734 tons of coal.
The barkentine Kohala, 24 days from Eleele,
brought up 22.S87 sacks of sugar.
Deep-Sea Arrivals.
placing or npw engin»s in the Doric. Although
Retting along toward winter as years tell tho
etory. Allen in physically In the prime of life
and his young heart and vigorous frame con
tradict moi<l emphatically the suggestion of
the snor.y beard and white locks. In his pro
fession he stands at the top. He has the love
and respect of his shipmates and here and In
the Orient has a wide circle of friends ashore.
STEAMSHIP WHICH WAS
DAMAGED IN A COLLISION
WITH AN ICEBERG.
The Xippon Maru has a new command
er. Captain W. W. Greene remained Jn
Japan and Captain Bent, formerly chief
officer of the Hongkong Maru, Is tempor
arily in command. Captain Bent was re
cently married in the Orient and his pro
motion is particularly timely.
The Nippon's passengers included . the
following named:
J. T. Arundel. Miss K. M. Ball. Miss Anna
Brekke. P. Brosette. Mrs. C. B. Brain. W. B.
Brown. Mrs. A. C. Buell, N. Branschwelg, J.
M. Caballero, Rev. C F. Collyer. General J. B.
Congden. Mrs. H. A. Crowell. Mrs. D. Daven
port. P. C. Dcnroche and wife, Mies F. Dodge,
J. Dralle. William V. Friebergr, Mrs. A. C.
Greis, E. G. Craig. W. E. Guerin. Miss Guerin,
Miss M. M. Gill. Miss L. M. HlntosH. Colonel
Charles E. Hoover. B. IIorsburB. W. H. Ikis
and wife and child, K. Imanishi and wife,
G. H. Ijott, Rev. G. H. Joneft, Sidney Jones,
E. J. Jones. Mrs. E. T. Jon<-n. Mrs. M. A.
Korn. Mrs. 6. C. Partridge. Rev. G. F. Pente
cost. Mr«. G. F. Pentecost. Mrs. Plerson, E.
L. Potter, Mrs. E. L. Potter. J. E. Reese, Dr.
G. H. Betty and wife. W. E. Steers, . E. Rob
inson and wife. S. G. Robinson, J. R. de
Rlvars, Mrs. C. Robson, Miss B. Runkle, 11.
Schroeter. Miss M. Simpson. MIbk Grace E.
Sperry M. Surfmoto and wife. Mrs. L. K. Tay
lor. G. W. Vllaln. George G. Wilcox, Mrs. F.
F. Wilson. M1b» H. D. Wilson. Mr*. K. Wil
bur. Mrs. W. A. Wilson, C. H. Smith and wife.
e
Ice Punctures Three Plates.
The Matson Navigation Company's steamship
Rosecrans arrived yesterday from St. Michael
with a. hole in her starboard bow. A patch
marked the scar of a wound received June 24
from the vagrant section of an Ice field. Th<*
accident occurred on the voyage from here and
happened about fifteen unties south of St. Law
rence Island. Three plates were stove In. Cap
tain Johnson promptly closed the collision bulk
head and the Rosecrans continued the voyage
as if nothing; had happened. She reached St.
Michael in good time and, but for the puncture,
in srood condition. - That the hole In her bow
bad no serious effect on the former transport's
traveling quality is evidenced by the good time
*he made, t She was twelve days from St.
Michael. After being repaired the Rosecrans
will make a triD to Honolulu.
Captain Johnson had his hand frostbitten and
suffered considerably therefrom. He was under
treatment in a hospital at St. Michael, and,
although improving, still suffers considerable
inconvenience.
?
The Overdue List.
The American bark Helen Brewer was placed
on the overdue list yesterday at' 10 per cent.
She U out 137 days from Sourabaya for Dela
ware Breakwater. The Hennis. Edouard De
taille and Milton Park are still quoted at 10
per cent.
Shipmates Honor "Father" Allen.
The deck and engineer officers of the steam
ship Doric yesterday . presented Chief Engineer
William Allen with a diamond-studded . locket
and a pair of diamond-studded cult buttons In
token of "Father" Allen's recent celebration of
his twenty-fifth year of service between here
tnd the Orient. Captain Smith made tb« pres
entation.' "Father" Allen, as he is known at
every port the Doric touches, entered the White
Star service twenty-five years ago as chief en
gineer of the old Oceanic. When that vessel
became too old for the. service Allen took her
boo* and while In England superintended ib# .
The Nippon spoke the British bark Cal
ifornia, bound from Newcastle, Australia,
to this port, on July 13, and July 18 met
the Oceanic .Steamship Company's liner
Sonoma.
Rev. George F. Pentecost, the well
known lecturer and eminent divine, re
turned on the Nippon. Accompanied by
his wife, he has been making a tour of
the world. B. Horsburg and W. B. Brown
of the British civil service were also pas
sengers. They are on their way from
Ceylon and are going to England on a
leave of absence.
The Xippon Maru encountered fine
weather all the way across the Pacific.
She was twenty-six days from Hongkong
and six days two hours from Honolulu.
She brought 21S5 tons of cargo, Which in
cludes 20,146 cases of tea. Of passengers
she brought seventy-five in the cabin, five
in the European steerage, sixty-nine Chi
nese and ninety-eight Japanese. Among
the cabin passengers were many well
known people. Miss Bertha Runkle, the*
authoress, who has been touring the Far
East In search of material for a new
bcok. returned on the liner. Mrs. S. C.
Partridge, wife of the Bishop of Tokio.
was another passenger. Since her mar
riage Mrs. Partridge has made a number
of trips across the Pacific. She' is here
this time on a business errand and her
stay in America will be brief.
W. H. Ikls, a Circuit J adge under the
Philippine Commission, came from the
Orient on the Nippon and is on his way
to Washington. K. Imanishf, another pas
senger, is going to New York to take
charge of the Japanese Banking Com
pany, of which he has been appointed
Xew Tork manager. He was formerly
engaged In the banking business at Hono
lulu. J/.-.i
THE 'Japanese steamship Nippon
Maru. which arrived yesterday
from the Orient, was ordered Into
quarantine for fumigation. She
was on the drydock at Hongkong,
and under a new regulation of the marine
hospital service must be fumigated here.
She is the first liner to come under the
new law. There was no sign of sickness
on board, and the cabin passengers, after
being carefully examined, were allowed
to land. The liner will be released to
day. .:; .:
The ordinance changing the name of
Thirteenth street, from West Mission
street to Buena Vista avenue, to Duboce
avenue was passed to print.
An amended ordinance providing 1 for the
appointment of a board of trustees for
tre disbursement of the Exempt Fire
rv.en's Relief Appropriation was passed to
print. The members of the board are to
be appointed by the Mayor.
A resolution providing that the city pay
the salaries of all operators necessary
for the operation of the private telephone
exchange In ihe City Hail was adopted.
The ordinance Imposing a license of $10
per quarter on runners and soliciting
agents and requiring them to wear a
metal badge was passed to print.
Bills were finally passed as follows:
• Authorizing an expenditure of $700 to be
made to Charles R. Murray as payment
for the city's right to use his patent
equalizer.
Limiting the height of buildings used
for hospital or Eanitarium purposes to
feixty feet.
Granting Archbishop Riordan permis
sion to erect an oil tank at Thirteenth
street and Clinton Park..
The ordinance ordering the construction
of a sewer in Utah street, between Twen
ty-fifth and Serpentine avenue, and in
Seventh avenue, between II and I streets,
was finally passed.
for the board to define its policy as to
whether safety stations should be erected
on street crossings only. M. W. Coffey.
president of the Hackmens Union, spoke
of the danger to horses at the point upon
which it was desired to erect the station
and Supervisor Walsh said the work of
the Fire Department would be Impeded
by a safety station.
The protest of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs against the pas
sage of the ordinance Imposing fees for
building alterations was referred to the
Fire Committee.
The petition of the Emporium for per
mission to erect at Its own expense a
Fafety station in front of its building on
Mcrket street was defied. A motion to
refer the petition to the Board of Public
Works for a report on the advisability of
erecting the station was defeated. Super
visor Curtis argued that it would be wise
• The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation filed \cith the Board of Super
visors yesterday a list of streets In the
downtown district which It asks to be
included tn the plans and specifications
being prepared for the proposed Issue of
bonds for $1,000,000 for the purpose of re
paving and improving streets. The list
Includes blocks on Broadway and Valle
jo streets, between Battery and Front;
Eansome street, between Jackson and
Pacific; M-rchant street,' between San
eonie and Batury; Commercial street, be
tween Sansome and Davis, and also
other blccks on Battery. Filbert, Green
wich. Green. Vallejo. Broadway, Pacific,
Jacksor., Oregon. Market, from Ferry to
gecond street; city's portion of East
street, from Battery to Filbert street;
Washington. Front. Merchant. Davis,
Drumia, Clay. Commercial, Sacramento,
California and Sansome streets.
Supervisors Deny Petition
for Another Safety
Station.
North Central Associa
tion Urges NejedecL
Improvements.
DESIRES MANY
STREETS PAVED
Branch Hydrtirraphlc .Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cai..
July 20. 1903. ¦ '
. The Time ' Ball on the Ferry building «u
dropped exactlyat noon to-day— I.e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at. 8 p. m. Green
wich Ume.iafQBMeSBf-': <?• C. BURNETT.
~ Lieutenant. U." S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
United States Coast and Geode tie Survey-
Times find Heights of Higli and Low
Waters at Fort Point, cntraaie to San
Francisco Bay. l*ubH«h-«d nj.cfflolal au
thority of the Suiwrmtsn'ieti*.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur it
the city ' front (Mls»lon-"trcet wharf) about
«wenty-nve minutes lat«" than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ta the game, at both place*.
TUESDAY. JULY 21.
Sun rises • 5:02
Sun ieta .......7:29
Moon rUfg 2:01 a. m.
0 Time Timel Time Time
•> Ft. Ft. ' —— Ft. Ft.
?¦ L W Ih W . L W H W
53 1-6OI 0.2 8:87 4.1' 1:20 2.7 7:33 5.9
21 2 : «— 0.4 0:65 4.4 2:20 2.7 8:2S «.O
22 aSKs 10:46 4.7 2:15 2.7 9:23 «.2
ii *-zaU-l 111:31 B.O 4:09 2.8 10:16 8.3
24 6:05^12 12:14 8.2 5:02 2.4 11:10 6.2
25 -6-51—1.112:65 6.3 5:M 2,3 ..........
H W U W H W L W
"6 006 6.0 6:36—0.8 1:35 6.5 6:61 2.1
27 lloo 6-6 7:20-0-3 2:15 6.6 7:62 1.9
NOTE In the above exposition of the tide*
the earlv mornlnr tide* are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the,
day except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. -The heights given are. in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
¦ alven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the -charts.- The plane of. reference Is the
mean of , the lower low waters.
THE SAN FIJAKCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1903.
There Is No Sickness on Board and Passengers Land,
but Having Been on Drydock at Hongkong a New
Regulation Imposes the Necessity of Fumigation
NIPPON MARU REACHES PORT
AND GOES INTO QUARANTINE
9
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers lesr* Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Juneau.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m.. July 20, 23. 30. August
4. Change to company' it
steamers at SeattTe.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — It
a. m.. July 20. 25. 30, August 4. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m. July 21. 27. August 2: Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. July IS. 24. 30. August 8. .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelea and
Redondo). San Dieco and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For I»s Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cuyacos, P.-rt Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hi:*nem«.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July IB. 2*. August 1.
For Knsenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayms lllex.), 10 . tn. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steaistrs or sail,
lor dates.
Ticket Offices^ — ? New Montgomery
street (Palace Motel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O, R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails July 22. Ang. 1. 11. 21, 31.
'•George W. Elder" sails July 17. 27 Aug. 6.
18. 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR. and short rail line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to all points, alt
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST*
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear ct. at 11 a.
m. 8. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt. FrU
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AMSBXCAH LINE.
K«w Tork — Southampton — London.
New Yor.Ausr 3 lOamjSt Louls.Aug. 19.10an\
Phlla.Aug 12 10 amlNew Tor.AuK 2«. 10 am
ATLANTIC TBAZTSPO3T LI2TE.
New York— London.
Mln'tnka.Ju'.y 25, « am IMIn'ha.Aujr. 9. 3:30 am
Mlnn.Aug. 1. 11:30 am lMesaba.Au*. 15. 9 aa
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMISnOJT LINE.
Boston — Quaenstown — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. July 30|CommonweaIth.Aug. 27
Xew England ".Aug. « New England. .Sept 3
Mayflower Aug. 13'Mayflower Sept. 10
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington .. July 25 Southwark Aug. *
Dominion Aug. 1 Canada Aug. 15
Boston MEDITEBBAWEAN Berries.
Azores, Gibraltar, Staples, Genoa.
Cambroman... Sat.. Aug. 8. Sept. 19; Oct. 31
Vancouver Sat.. Aug. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
EOLIAim AMEEICA LIITE.
New York — Rotterdam, via Boulogne*
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam ....July 2» Statendam Aug. 12
Potsdam Aujr. 5'Ryndam Aug. 19
BSD STAS X.I2TE.
K«w Tork — Antwerp— Paris.
Vadr"ld.July 25. 10 amtZeeland.Aug' 8. 10am
Krnland.Ang. 1. 10 am I Finland. A ng.' IS. 10 am
WHITE STAS LIHE.
New Tork — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Celtic. July 24, 5 pmfArmenlan.Aug. 4, 8 ant
OceanlcJuly 29,9:30am Teutonic.Aug. 5. no<;n
Cymric. July 31. 11 am I Arabic. Aug. 7. S pm,
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacif c Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of
S. S. NIPPON MARU Friday. July 31. 1903
8. 8. AMERICA MARU
......Wednesday. August W. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma.
nlla) Saturday. September 1». 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A«»nt.
ffamburg-Sitmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURO
Tvia-Senw Kxfrtss tad Pussagtr Sarriej.
Bluecher" July 23|Palatla Aug. 1.1
Pretoria Aug. 1 [Bluecher Aug. SO
Moltke ..i Aug. 6 Pennsylvania. .Aug. 23
Walderse« Aug. 8 A. Victoria Aug. 27
HAMBCK3-AKEHICA5 USX, 37 B»»t. IT. T.
HERZOQ A CO.. 401 California st.. Gen. Agta.
oceaincs>s.to» *;^v;s
8 S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 25,11 A.M,
8 & VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. «. 2 P. M»
S S. MARIPOSA. for TahiU.August 15.11 A.M,
JJ.IPIEU£U& BI8J,«l.,ljtJ..Tia3t Bffo,843 Iirtjta
Fnfchtlt2cf.323MiftrtSL.rurl3.7.facifxSL
COXPAUnX eXXXKAU TBASSATLAHTIO,3.S
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of «Sili3 •*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 12.
North ' RlveT. foot of Morton stree*-
Flrst-class to Havre. J70 and QDward. Sec.
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN*
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANQ
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 6 Montgonlry avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
hUixm - lalanfl an* VaJlaJa St«tnm. ¦
Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONT1CELLO
'< —0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:UO p. m.. tx. Sunday.
Sunday," 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leaves Vallrjo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m., ex. Sun Jay. S".n«
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fire. SO cents. Vet.
Main 160S. Pier 2. Mlaslon-st. dock. HATVU
BROS.
GRAPE-in7TS.
HELPS BOTH.
Food Strengthens the Mother and
Makes Milk for the Baby.
There are many cases on record where
the use cf the scientific food Grape-Nuts
has produced mill; for a mother in # a few
2 a vs. so she could nurse her baby in the
natural way.
A case of this kind is told by a lady of
Dccatur, Ga.: "When my baby was two
months old I had a very disordered stom-
ach and everything I ate disagreed with
me.
"This worried me so an<I I wu so weak
er.d nervous I was almost wreck and
had to stay in bed most of the time and
the result was that I had to put baby on
the bottle. After trying this for a week
the poor little thing did nrt thrive and I
thought she would surely die.
' "Then alone:, came a friend who begped
me tf^try Grape-Nuts food, although
neither she nor I thought it would cause
me to have nourishment for. baby. But I
concluded to eat Grape-Nuts and began
that came day with good results.
"It was the first food I had eaten for
tnore than three weeks that had agreed
with me ar.d I continued eating it and
gained strength rapidly and after only
twe days' use of this food I was ablo to ,
curee my baby again and In less than a
week I Lad taken her entirely from the
bottle.
"You can imagine what a pleasure this
Is to a mother and I am more thankful
tw Grape-Nuts food on baby's account
than on my own, although Incidentally I
must tell you that I have gained nine
pounds In eight weeks." Name given bjr
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Bend for particulars by mail of exten-
sion of time on the 37500 cooks' con-
test for 7S3 money prizes.
¦ '- • ADVEBTIS P. M FiNTS.
||||k PERHAPS you
are paymgf a goo&
price for a beer
that is not goocL
Perhaps you are in need of
a beer which is healthful
and pure --just the kind
you will feel proud to
serve as a tahle beverage*
Thentry
Blue RibJbon
tKe world—famed Mil?
waukee beer, brewed
since 1 84-4 • !
abst Beer is always
Orders filled by
Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. i
A T) VEBTISEMENTS.
iv^^.JvC. <¦ :¦¦¦¦'-"-. :•<-¦" '¦-¦¦¦ ¦'¦--¦ ¦¦¦¦:¦:.- .;¦ *
¥"¦"¦ ::¦::•¦"/ »¦¦£ •-• ¦' '¦ ¦¦¦¦' ¦' ¦.¦¦¦¦.¦.¦¦... & ¦¦•
"Five weeks' treatment at the ELECTRO-
CHEMIC INSTITUTE. 118 Grant ave.. cured
me of BRONCHIAL CATARRH. ASTHMA and
RHEUMATISM, and It also cured m« of
DEAFNESS and RINGING EARS and Improv-
ed my eyesight. I am 6C years old. I had suf.
fered many years and all the other treatments
whtch I had previously used did me no good."
(Signed) FREDERICK MEYER.
-•Mills CoVlege P. O.. Alameda County. Cal.
1 \ r - ¦
This is only one of hundreds of re-
markable cures by Electro-Chemistry.
Free X-Ray Examination and. trial treat-
ment. Special tle« — Cancer, Tumors, Ca-
tarrh, Comtunption, BroncMtla, Asthma,
Xneumatlsm, Paralysis, Xiocomotor
Ataxla, Nervous Debility, Files and all
Special Diseases of Men and Woman.
Electro-Ghemic Institute
118 Grant Ave., Cor. Post St.
Office Hours: 0 a. m. to 5 p. m., and 7 to 8 p.
; m. daily; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
SEPARATE APARTMENTS FOR LADIES
¦AND GENTLEMEN.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gives - health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.Hanlon's Pantomime . Company; the
three Malverns, sensational acrobats; Al
vino. a clever banjoist; Harry and Carrie
La Kola in a Japanese juggling act; Van
Fossen and McCauley,- the "Coontown
Disturbers," and Krafft and Daley, a
clever singing and dancing duo, pleased
two audiences at the Chutes yesterday.
The animatoscopic pictures were unusu
ally amusing. The amateurs will appear
on Thursday night.
Chutes.
.j. . : 4.
vincing. \ Ernest Lawford did - Lord
Heathcote as well as could be: expected
and the rest helped Mr.- Fitch throughout.
California.
"In the Palace of the King," which was
presented most successfully at the Cali
fornia Theater last night, is a wonderful
picture of the strange, life of the Spanish
court four centuries ago. .The. elegance
and frailty of royalty, the power and
majesty of the Church of 'Rome, 'the en
thusiasm and- fickleness of the hoi pollqi,
the haughtiness and humility of the no
bility, : the heroism and; self-sacrifice of
a Caftillan ' grandee and the love and
charity, of a beautiful woman constitute
the basis of a charming story.'/
The play abounds, In thrills for. the blase
and quickened heart-beats for the har;
dened. The manuscript is; replete with
telling lines. The story Is a succession of
sensational incidents.. The actors do fine
ly with their mighty task, even if not all
of their. names are written on scrolls of
histrionic fame. The costumed and stage
settings are both excellent and appro
priate.! . . ' . .-,/•-•
The house was crowded last night and
the applause was almost continuous. The
principals. were" given.hearty: curtain calls
time and time again.
Lillian Kemble gave n remarkable inter
pretation of the character of Dolores. She
has great . elocutionary . ability, -which
stands^her well in hand in this play in
which she stars. Her. flre and spirit are
infectious and she had her hearers at her
feet last night.
George Soule-Spencer , as Don John
seemed to embody all 'that the difficult
part demands and was received quite.en
thusiastically. Adora Andrews in the role
of Princess of Eboll won success in an ex
tremely unpopular part.- Her -work was
second only to 'that of Miss 'Kemble.
Thomas Oberle as Kins and Frank Mac-
Vicars as the Cardinal also did. splendidly.
Joseph Daily and H.S. Duffleld were oth
ers who were frequently applauded ; and
who materially strengthened I the piece;
The rest of the cast furnished admirable
support
Tivoli.
jRepeated curtain calls, bravos and a
cartload of (lowers came. to Camllle d'Ar
ville at the Tivoli. last evening for her
share in the production of "The : High
wayman." As soon as , she appeared . on
the stage . and before she had . surig one
word applause began and there, was. a
sjteady clapping "of "hands , from;grourid
floor to galleries that was long continued
and was full of -vigor. • .The' house was
filled completely] with first-nighters and
they were- In -the*, mood to- give D'Aryllle
a sturdy welcome^ In this theyj succeed
ed. No singer, has. been; better received
at the Tivoli in many moons. No one has,
throughout an. entire evening,' better held
to * herself the " favor ¦ of the audience ) of
the Tivoli than did she.
, Truth to /say,' she :' filled-, anticipations
completely. . Her voice was Mn.'flrie .trim,
pure, strong and . ample. She \ was ; cos
tumed , ; picturesquely f* and . ' was^ a ,very
pleasing "figure; on' the" stage. V The" music
Reports from both the Brjtt and
D'Keefe headquarters represent both prin
ripaJs working hard and being in the
finest possible condition. ' The coming
battle promises to settle beyond question
the supremacy between these two light
freights, who have already battled twice,
sne fight going to O'Keefe on a foul at
Portland, Or., and the other being de
cided a draw at Butte, Mont.
At a conference be!ween Western Al
Smith, manager for O'Keefe, and "Willie
Britt. on behalf of his brother, Jimmie
Britt, which was held at Harry Corbett's
.ast rcicht, Eddie Smith Tias chosen ref
•ree for the Britt-O'Keefe fight, which
irill take place on the night of July 3L
The conference was short, but it lasted
long enough to show that O'Keefe was
analterably opposed to having: Eddie Gra
acy as third man in the ring on the night
3f the fisrht. AI Smith did not want to
acknowledge that such was the case, but
ne was forced up to the issue by the de
termined atand which Willie Britt took
ji favor of the blacksmith.
Managers Choose Him as Referee in
the Battle of the Light
weights.
EDDIE SMITH SELECTED
. .: FOB, BRITT-O'KEEFE GO
SCENE FROM THE CALIFOR
NIA'S OFFERING AND STAR
AT THE TIVOLI. -
BRIGHTON* BEACH SELECTIONS.
CBy the New York Telegraph.)
Flmt Race— April Shower, G.
Whittier. Operator.
Second Ilnce — Tender Crest,
Wotnn. short Cake. •
Third Race Artlcolate, Sambo,
Daly.
Foarth Raw — Don Mot, Home
•tead. Andy WiUIanin. . ,
Fifth Ilaee — Hnrlovrood, Jim
Ivell}. Jm-nnil.
Sixth nace Belle of Troy, Annie
Grace, The Regent.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTBIES.
NEW YOniC. July 20. — Following are to-mor
row's Brighton Ueaeh entries:
First race, high-freight handicap, six sur
longs—Northern Star 13tt. Operator 123, Ingold
124, St. Daniel 122. April Shower 122. - Duelist
118, Captivator US. Locket .115. Cinquevalll
119. G. Whitticr 122. Wealth 117. Knltfht of
Harlem 112. Flying Buttress 117, Forward 117,
Mabel Ricr.ardson 110. Tim D Jr. 118. Cass
ville 102. Presentation 115, Candling 113.
Queen Bou La 112. (.Captivator and Whittier
Bell entry.)
Feccn4 race, two-year-old*, celling, six fur
longs — Wotan 1C7, Ned Mt>cre 102, La Greeque
!»9. Flor!zel 100. Short Cake 04, Dinah Shad
1C6, Flower 104. Tender Crest 98, Sailor Knot
100. Klngsboro 102. Lor.g Distance -102. Arthur
ICC-, Ruth Parrlsh 104, St. Roma 101. Luminos
ity 104. Hopeful Miss 104, Highwind 07. Sand
hurst 1C7.. - . .... -
Third race.- handicap,; one mile and a quar
ter — Articulate 110. Sarribo 109, Circus 08, Daly
t&. Victor DO. Ci'irswell SS. Justice 88.
Fourth race. The Nautilus, selling:, one mile
and a f urlonc— Bon Mot 109. The Rival 106,
Peninsula 10r>, Dark Planet 03, Andy Willis mb
116. Ethics IOC, Coruscate 96. Homestead 101,
Colontty 0C. Hellarlo 9C, Irascible W». .
Fifth race, two-year-olds, tlx furlongs — Dee
tiny 102. Jocund 110, Oradell 102. October
Flower 102, Montana King 110. Gold Dome 105.
Little Km 102. Pol Roger lai. Jim Kelly 110,
Hazlewood 110. Olpey Ben 1C2.
Sixth race — Selllnir. one mile and a sixteenth
— Holland 110. Scoffer 110. Reformer 10.1. Annie
Grace 100. Gibson Light 107. Frank McKee 110.
The Regent 102. Philippine . 107. Paul Clifford
107. Blue Victor 107. Anak 110, Seminole 107.
Belle of Troy 100. KhlUI 107. Caledonite 105,
WilWarastead 110, Harrison 110.
Weather clear: track fast.
Miss Bingham was comfortable, gay
and buoyant as -Mrs. \ Frisky. . She
brought humor, . sincerity, t and sympathy
to the part and a. dream-like repertoire
of gowns. The audience' compelled- a
neat speech from the accomplished man
ager—before Mr. Lackaye's famous effort,
but Miss Bingham made the! hit;of her
performance by the sweet courtesy with
which she brought Mr." Lackaye to » the
front of the stage.
, Mr. Abingdo'n's Frank , Morely was an
other admirable effort, strong . and con-
Mr. Lackaye as Jim Morely, in love
with "Mrs. Frisky," quietly walked o^t
with most of the honors of the perform
ance. He has, it is . true, much the best
opportunity. A large' share of. what good
lines there are fall to him and his part
has been painted at least plausibly by the
author. : But he won again by his natural,
human methods, his quiet drollery, by the
balance, finish and poise of; his work. His
scene with Mr. Abingdon,. where he learns
of Mrs. Johnson's supposed perfidy, was
a little masterpiece of acting. They called
for him after the second curtain until
Miss Bingham forced him to the front
and he unwillingly, began, "Ladies . and
gentlemen, after Miss . Bingham's very
beautiful but obviously prepared speech;
It is unfair of you to ask' me thus unex
pectedly to come before ¦ you,", etc., etc.;
ending up by inrlting ' us to write to . our
friends to come and see them. In a gale
of laughter each man promised .Mr.
Lackaye and himself that he .would. •
The central episode is happy, and in Mr.
Lackaye's, Miss Bingham's and Mr. Ab
ingdon's hands becomes human and touch-
Ing. But these characters, the only pos
sible ones in the play, are surrounded by
a very grab-bag of others. Yet there are
those characteristic touches— confetti of
the drama— that 'Mr. Fitch throws with
such practiced hand, to be found in ad
mirable abundance. The scenes tire grace
ful and gay— carnival time in Paris— and
the setting elegance itself.
The story concerns itself with -the sac
rifice of a supposedly "frisky" sister—
the frisky Mrs. Johnson— for a reputedly
virtuous One, Mrs. . Frank Mor<?ly. Mrs.
Morely has compromised herself with one
Lord Heathcote, - and the widowed Mrs.
Johnson takes upon herself the onus -of
the affair. But it becomes more serious
than she had anticipated. The brother of
her sister's husband, with whom she her
self is in love, has fallen in love with her,
but learns from his brother of /Mrs. John
son's supposed sin. And here begins the
improbable. V
The person Mrs. Johnson is supposed to
have found the world well lost for is an
intolerable cad, that is, when he is at all
believable. He mostly isn't. It was pat
ently manifest that she could not have
loved him. Nor even her weaker sister
Grace. But granted the possibility, and
the rest becomes thoroughly interesting,
and as it was acted. last night even con
vincing.
/ / PTTS HE fri SKY MRS.. JOHN
6 6 I SON," adapted from .' the
1 French of Gavault and Ber
<H by Clyde Fitch, was present
ed at the Columbia Theater
last night for the first time locally by
Miss Amelia Bingham and her company.
As Mr. Lackaye suggested in his, unc
tuous impromptu, we may "write to our
friends who are out of town— getting
their noses burnt— to come" and see the
play," or, as Mr. Lackaye did not say, to
come and Bee the people in It. For, dis
tinctly. "The Frisky Mrs. Johnson"
pleased last night, pleased largely, in spite
of itself, but emphatically pleased.
those of us who '.were not out. of town
"getting our noses burnt" signaled . sat
isfaction in unmistakable fashion. I left
off at ten in counting the curtain calls at
the end of the second ait.
The "new andpartly original play from
the French" of the programme defines
Mr. Fitch's relation to ' the comedy. In
Just what the play is original with. Mr.
Fitch is left undetermined, but open to
suspicion. As in the original the scene
is laid in Paris, but with dramatis per-'
sonae of English, French and American
nationalities. Chiefly American. In fact, the
whole atmosphere is tremendously but un
persuaslvely American. Englishing the
French play is ever an ungrateful, task.
The'^averagc result suggests the translat
ing Of a butterfly into a goose, and the
suggestion is not wholly absent here. Au
thor Kitch would, however, seem to be
peculiarly well suited to the Gallic trans
lation, but he has not so shown himself
here. In omitting— and what so difficult
as the delicate art of omission?— some of
the inevitable Gallic suggestlveness, Mr.
Fitch becomes most un-Fitchly heavy
footed, his people bourgeois Instead of
pay, his situations consequently implausi
ble instead of inevitable.
6t her, role is not. especially ambitious in
many 'respects/ Much better, would not
have suffered at her hands. Bui what she
had r tQ^dp was entirely satisfactory.
! While.it'was a-D'Arville night, it was not
less, unmistakably a triumph for Arthur
Cunningham, who fairly, disputed the hon
ors with D'Arville.. His song of "Kitty
O'Brien'.'- got two recalls and the audience
was not satisfied then. Cunningham
gave a star performance. His .voice has
not been heard to better advantage dur-
Jng the season/ ; Stevens, Hartman, Annie
Myers and AVebb." the fun-making quar
tet of the stock company, had roles that
were ' musically overshadowed by those
of -'D'Arville and Cunningham. Stevens
caught and held the fancy of his auditors
with the gypsy, song, In which he was
abetted by a quartet' from the chorus.
There was much of color in the costum
ing of the' chorus. The audience paid
'"The* Highwayman" the unusual compli
ment of waiting until the-curtain fell the
last time and applauding after, that.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BT. LOUIS, July 20.— Three purses and
three selling races made up a very fair
washday card at Delmar. The feature
was a mile and seventy yards handicap
with five starters. The weather was clear
and the track good. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs,
¦ellin;:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Mnle Jhnsn. 105 (Shlllng) 1 1 1 h"
6 to 1— Pinkey B.. 102 (F.Smlth) 3 3 2 h-x
3 to 1— Regina D.. 100 (D.Austin) C 6 3 y%
Time, :584. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Pratt Brothers' b. f. by G. W. Johnson-
Susan Jane. By Right 105. Caryota 105, Ann
Dear 05, Sue W. 105. Edna Daniels 100, Bush
Smith 105. Allerretta 105. Soson 100, Black
Enough 105, Anna Hardy also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six and a llalr furlong*,
•ellinr:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
is tu (•— Grantor. 104 (D. Hall)... 4 3 1 nk
15 to 1— Leila Barr, 102 (M'Kiney) 2 2 2 3
5 to 1— Wellesly. 104 (D. Austin. 10 5 3 h*
Time. 1:25. Start good. Won drivlrg. Win
ner, K. D. Ott's b. g. by Speculator-Grannie
A. Pay th« Fiddler 104. Dr. Clark 09, Tenny
Belle 97 Quicksilver Sue 100. Amentum 100,
Hannan 104, Faqulta 100, Armand 1C0 aUo ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
13 to 6— A ijark. 105 (Heldel) 2 1 1 nk
7 to 5— Pirateer. 105 (F. Smith).. 4 4 2 H
16 to 1— Hwlng Drvlsh. 102 (C.Bnr) 12 3 6
Time. l:44«i. Start good. Won driving:. Win
ner, J SI. Barker & Co.'s b. c. by Tllantqn-
Altiphone. Alflo 105, Tipga 100 also ran. *
FOURTH RACE— Mile and aeventjr yards,
purse: :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Maud Gcnne. 104 (D. Hall) 12 11
11 to 5 — Ly Strthmre. 107 (D.Astn) 5 3 2 n
7 to 2— Lght Opera. 100 (C.Bonnr) 4 4 3 2
Time; 1:48%. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner: Turney Bron.' br. m. by . The Com
moner-Feronlca. Doeskin 04. Star Gazer 99
also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlings, selling:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
3 to 2— Clftn Forge, 108 (E.Austn) 4 2 1 M,
4 to 1— Tokalon. 1C5 (F. Smith). 3 3 2 5
7 to 1— Jehaue. 105 CD. Hall) 6 13 3
Time, 1:03. Start kood. Won easily. Win
ner, L. 'B. Sim's ch. c. by Handsome-IUissee.
Mendon 100 Busier 108. Melklrk 103, Scalper
107. Lustier 108 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One .and a sUtsenth miles,
jielllns:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5 — Orpheum. 02 (Bridewell).. 3 1 11H
:» to 1— Mon. P*eres>s. 9t> (Howell). 2 2 2 h
6 to 1 — DeReezke. 106 (Shilling). 1 3 3 n
Time, 1:30%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. J. Nolan's b. c. by Ornament-
Blanche J II. W. B. Gates 100. Kdgardo 102
also ran. . , --.''-
ST. LOUIS ENTBIES.
ST. LOUIS. July 20.— Following are to
morrow's entries: *
First race, nve furlongs — Lord Hermence 105.
Enigma 102. Dusty Miller 105. Lampadrome
105, Seven Oaks 107. Port Warden 105. WIk
wam 105, Slgnorira 102, Don Alvaro 105. Bust
ler 102. Bugle Horn 110.1 Mtll Brook 1U>.
Second race. mile, selling— Dr. Kammerer
92, PoynU 110 Reducer 100. Macbeth 107,
Clales 102, Leonid 110 Venus Vlctrlx 103. Lil
lle Long 90. Broodier 100. Mr. Dooley 05,
Nearest 1CS.
Third race, five and a half furlon**, sslllnir
— Sartor Resartus 06. Dr. Cartledgre 106. Town
Moor 106. Ocyrohe 107. Lady Ray 99. Preten
sion Imp 107, Athena 10*. ¦ "
Fourth race, alx furltngs, handicap — Bridgs
00 Croix d'Or 10*J Mnlster 100. Mabel. Wlnn
98' Kindred 107. Frank Bell 111.
Fifth race, mile and seventy vards. purse—
Hook-Se Oka 90. Ivernla 03. Oudenarde 100.
Mynheer 97. Tony Leppln* 97. Eva G. 95.
Lasso ICO. Golden Glitter 05.
Sixth ra«e. one and an eighth miles, selling
— Gatanthus 67, Miss Eon 8» Brown Vail 102.
Belle Slranson ICO. Ida Penzanc* 99. Charles
Ramsey 113. Eugenia S. 102. Chlokasha 90,
Memphlan 101. Fon Spray 104, Goo Goo 02,
Baronet 104, Murmur 95.
Weather cl*ar; track heavy.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
•(By the New York Telegraph.)
FIrat Race Don Alvado, DnstT
Miller. Lord Hermence. ' - s~
Second Race— Nearest, Venus Vie
trix. Dr. Kammerer,
Third Race — Atbena, Ocyrohe, Dr.
Cnrtledpe. '
Foarth Race — Kindred, Frank
Dell. Croix d'Or.
Fifth Race — Mynheer, Tony Lep
plnor. Liwuo.
Sixth jRare Engrenla 9, Belle
Simpson, Mian Eon.
Central.
• The Central Theater scored a great",tri
umph, last night in its productlorf^of the
spectacular drama ''Faust" on a scale of
magnificence seldom attempted In any
theater. ;; The house was deservedly
packed and the succession of elaborate
ecenes was the signal for enthusiasm. The
stage setting was complete In every de
tail.' The new leading man, Herschel
MayalL was ' accorded an ovation, and
time after time he was called before the
curtain to receive popular testimonial of
his sterling merits. In the powerful role
of 'Mephisto he gave a portrayal at all
times convincing and at many points ef
fective to the degree of sublimity. In the
character of Faust Edwin T. Emery ex
celled himself. Miss Eugenia Thais Law.
ton as Marguerite enhanced her reputa
tion as an actress by her superb por
trayal. George P. Webster furnished a
strong piece of acting in the part of Val
entine. The cast Is a very large one,
thqre being some sixty people In the
drama. The spectacular play at the Cen
tral is an Immense hit. The acting, the
scenery and the electrical and mechanical
ingenuity displayed were all noteworthy
in: their several spheres. "Faust" Is as
sured a great week's run. In a^brlef but
felicitous speech at the end of the second
act Mr. Mayall expressed his deep appre
ciation of the honors shown him and paid
a happy encomium to Lewis Morrison,
whom he styled "the prince of actors"
and to. whose, coaching he accorded the
supreme credit for the success of himself
and his fellow players In the performance
of "Faust." • Mr. Morrison and party oc
cupied one of the proscenium boxes.
Orpheum.
I The Orpheum was packed last night,
the feature of the performance being De
Kolta. the .wizard. The appearance and
disappearance of his wife is one of the
most mystifying feats that has ever been
presented to a San Francisco audience.
Alcazar.
i ."The Prisoner of Zenda" has proved one
of thp most notable successes at the Alca
zar Theater during the engagement of
White Whlttlesey, and last night, the
commencement of its second week, there
was' not an empty seat in the house.
Fischer's.
'For unlimited laughter of the genuine
sort- a t visit to Fischer's Theater, where
they are presenting a combined burlesque,
"Under the^ Red Globe" and "Th.e Three
Muskeeters,'; is recommended. .
Grand Opera-House.
/.A fairly good house attended the second
production of '.'In Wall Street" at the*
Grand Opera-house last night. ~ Encores
were freely given 'to the members of the
chorus. They displayed exceptional abil
ity. "Hands" were also ' freely given to
Budd Ross and Anna Wilks, the Esmer
alda sifters and Arnold Grazier.
Grauman's.
Lester and Curtln gave a highly amus
ing acrobatic act at Grauman's last night,
creating roars of - laughter. Hank Whit
comb proved a. good imitator of birds and
animals: and Hathaway and Walton gave
some very .clever sand;, dances.. Little
Blossom, possessed, of a resonant voice,
sang the latest. coon songs; Sara and Ida
Kelly \ gave some excellent Yankee com
edy and the 'rest of the bill, made up of
the best \ acts: from, last week's pro
gramme, was weir received. The daily
matinees are very, popular.
LAWN TENNIS CLUB OF
COAST ELECTS OFFICERS
At a meeting of the delegates to the
Pacific States Lawn ' Tennis Club held
yesterday afternoon the annual election
of officers took place. The following offi
cers were installed to act for the ensuing
year: Jules F. Brady of the Golden Gate
Tennis Club, president; W: B. Collier Jr.
of the California Tennis Club, vice presi
dent; Dr. Charles Sumner Hardy of the
California Tennis Club, secretary and
treasurer.' The following with the above
named officers constitute the executive
committee: Grant M. Smith of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club, Stewart Gayness and
Charles Teller of the Golden Gate Club
and S. M. Hodgkins of the Stockton
Club.
After the election of officers a tourna
ment committee to take charge of the an
nual coast championship events was elect
ed. The committee Is composed of the
following well known players: W. B.
Collier (chairman), Grant M. Smith and
Alexander Beyfuss the California
Club and Stewart 'Gayness and Homer
Hotchkiss of»the Golden Gate Club.
R. N. Whitney of the California Club
was elected referee.
It was decided as usual to hold the
tournaments on the Hotel Rafael courts
at San Rafael. There was considerable
discussion as to the number of days re
quired to run off six tournaments. Some
of the delegates thought that two weeks
would not be too much and others that
a week would suffice. It was finally
agreed that play should begin on the
mornlng of August 31 and end on the af
ternoon of September 9.
The six events to be held are: Men's
singles and doubles, women's singles and
doubles, mixed doubles and men's conso
lation singles.
In the men's events all matches will
consist of best three out of five sets. The
women's mixed doubles and consolation
tournaments .will all be two sets out of
three throughout. •
m An entrance fee of $1 for the first event
and 50 cents for all subsequent events will
be charged. The entry list will close
promptly at 4 p. m. August 29. The draw
ings for all the tournaments will be held
at the California Tennis Club at 5 p. m .
All entries with the entrance fees shouid
be sent to \V. B. Collier Jr., 2509 Pacific
avenue. .
At the meeting yesterday were Dr
Hardy, W. B. Collier and Grant Smith
of the California Club and Stewart Gay
ness of the Golden Gate Club. C. W.-Tel
ler of the Golden Gate and S. M. Hodg
klns'Of the Stockton club were absent.
Benefit to Nance 0'Neil.
'A' grand testlmonal is being arranged
for Nance O' Nell. to take place before her
departure for New York at'Sutro Heights
Saturday, and <j> Sunday- afternoons and
evenings,' August 1 and 2. The young ac
tress will i make her; debut as Rosalind In
open-air performances of "As ' You Like
It." 'She will receive; excellent support
JamesJ.^ Corbett: will appear as' Charles
the . wrestler/ a, part played by him with
great success in several ' notable Eastern
productions ' . ..
Y0SEMITE VALLEY.
Take Advantage of the Santa Fe's
. . . " Low Rate.
The- Santa Fe has on sale a special cou
pon ticket, which Includes' rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en .route and accommo
dations In the valley at Camp fcurry for
a complete trip of.flve,- seven or>ten days
as follows:. Five-day trip. $37.50- seven
days, $41.50; ten days.' $45.50. Make your
reservations during July. Full Informa
tion at 641 Market St., Santa Fe office. •
Navy orders announce: Ensign S. Woods,
when discharged from treatment at th» Naval
Hospital. Mare Island, will proceed to his)
home and have sick leave for one month, bur
geon C P. Kindleberger is assigned to the In
dependence.
The Postofflce Department annopncea .
Fourth class postmasters appointed — Irvlsgron.
Cal.. Alameda County. Edward B. Thompson,
vice Otto N. Hlrsch. resigned; Rrvera. CaL.
Los Angeles County. Thomas B. Chapman, vica
Belle Ellis, resigned.
I WASHINGTON. July 20.— In an army order
Issued to-day Major Charles R. Krauthoff la
assigned to temporary duty as chlet commis
sary of the Department of California.
OP INTEBZST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Fimt Itace — Orfeo, Fading: Light,
nondl.
Second Ilnro— Auditor, Peter Paul,
Ulna Crawford.
Third Race— \ltrate. The Con
qneror II, Ilorrn.
Foarth Uno. Hnviland, Mnjor
Tennj. Lingo.
I" If ih !«««••• L'Gtrenne, Goldra
Rale. The Mnjor.
Sixth Bnee — SIdner C. Lore, Har
irl*, Gla«KfaI.
IIAWTHORXC SELECTIONS.
'By the Chicico Inter Ocean.)
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Peter
Paul 114. Auditor KS. Elw<od 105. Blue Dar
trr 1C5. Commodore IO5. Father Tallent JO5.
Jim T}-rr«"ll 102. Mies Crawford 102 C*3ex 1C2.
Louise Meining 102. Xettle Dutchman 102.
Third ra<e, one and an eighth miles. handi
cap—The Conquerer II 10S Nitrate 105 Modi
cum US. Barca 02. Frangible 90 Zaxel 90.
Fourth race, one mile, felling— BlacV Dick
IC9 r.olllnr Boer 109. Cornwall 107 Bard of
Avon 100. Havlland JO(3. Albert Enright 106.
Echo Dt> 104. Omdurman 104. Major Tenny
100. Llnjro 1C2. Alfred C 101. Major Dlxon 101.
Frivol 97.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Golden Rule 131,
1,'Etrenne 114. Harncy 114. Father Wentker
112. The Givrr 112. Inventor 112. G&Uant 111.
Hand'.ey Cross 111, Semper Yirura 110 The
Maior 10S. Safeguard 100. Pride of Galore 88.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Har
iris 107. Sidney C Love 9», Sailor's Dream JH5,
Airlight J»4. Glassful 91.
Weather cloudy: track fast.
CHICAGO. July 20.— Following are the
Hawthorne entries for to-morrow:
First race. sev»n furlongs »»-lllng— Beautiful
and Bert 110. Serge lift Sherry 104. Orfeo 1<>2"
Ocean Dream 102. Fullback 102. Miss Manners
110. First Chip 10ft Pttiftwlrg 09 Florestan
t»». La<!y Matrhl^ss 97. Ejrg Nogg 97. Fading
Light S7. Hindi 97 Odran 74
HAWTHORKTE ENTBIZS.
SIXTH RACE— Pix furlong*; purse.
"Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
* to 6 — Eveng. Star. 107 (Bookr) 2 111
13 to 10 — iMf. 107 <Helgesf-n» R 2 2 1
60 to 1 — Mr-ran-io, 110 <C. Gray).. 6 5 3 3
Time. 1:15 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Griffin & Co.'s ch. f. by Loyalis't-
Fatellite II. Gracious lfr.t. James J. Corbett
114. Eharplrss 114. SI Ah 107. Greenock 114.
King Rex 109. Somersault 10T. Ermack 107.
Senator Matts 111. Tros ill. Nyda 111, also
ran.
FOURTH RACE^ — Ore and a sixteenth miles;
purse.
Sietttng. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
6 to 2— Be*. McCarthy. D7 <AdklnF) 1 3 1 h
« to 1— Luclen Appleby. 112 (Gray). 2 2 2 h
1 to 2 — Hargis. Iu7 (Htlgfwn). . . . 3 15
Time. 1 :43 3-5. Start eood. Won driving.
Wiener. T. Kiley & Co.'s b. f. by Forester-
Citrontlla. /
•FIFTH RAGE — One and a quarter miles;
nelling. /
netting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
3 to 1— Haywd Hunter.104 (P.onnr) 3 4 1 nk
7 to 1 — Barrtca, 111 (L. Jacksont. 2 3 2 1
6 to 1 — Little KIkin. !'5 <!.,. Wilson) 8 R i'l
Time. 2:00. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. G. K. BurJpau'6 ch. g. by Handsprlng-
The Licness. I^eflare 99. Prince Blazes »7.
Compare H4. Quven Victoria 104. Goldaga Iwl.
Erne 9«, Myth 95, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile. Premier stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
II to 28— Uk Wellpff. 122 (T.lvnlht) 1 1 1 to
3 to 1— McGee. 107 (Helgesen). . 4 2 2 2
13 to 1 — ursma. 112 <L. Wilson).. 3 3 .1 h
Time. 1:41. Start cood. Won easily. Win
ner. J. P. Reyjw-s-s 1 h. c. hy King Eric-Tea's
Over. Sir Hugh 104. Gilfain 107 also ran.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, short course:
Bettlr.g. Horse. Weight. Jockey, fit. \ Fin.
«O to 1 — Paul Aker. l«0 (Zeno).... 4 2 1 »»
fi to 1 — Ceylon, 144 (Hays)' 1 3 2 nlc
7 to 1 — Indian II. 130 (Hueston). S 1 3 H
Time, 2:M 3-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. K. Bradley' b b. s. by Aloha-
Plnk H. Srurs 122, Im^rlaltst 1W. Faliela.
137. Slapdash 132. Jo* McGee 130 also ran. Dr.
Nowlin fell.
CHICAGO. 111-. July 20.— The Premier
stakes at one mile was the feature of the
racing: at Hawthorne to-day and there
was nothing to it but Dick Welles, who
won as he pleased. The other events
were of a very ordinary character and
generally were won by outsiders. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlonji. purse:
Betting. Hor*«. Weight. Jockey. St. «*, Fin.
7 to 1— Schwalbe. 102 tS.Bonner). 12 1 2*i
7 to 6— Crutados. 107 (Waterbry) 4 12 1
12 to 1— Km Tar. 1C7 <AdklnB).. 2 4 3 nk
Tiir.e 1:13. Etart bad. Won easily. Win
ner. B. iSchreibers blk. t. by Bain-Oratituae.
John Peterm ICT, Ptul WtaJey IOC, St. Taro
msr.y 104, Ran Gallant a5. Fox Flyer 104 a. so
ran.
Special Dlrpateh to The Call
Time 1:47 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mexican Stable's ch. h. by Bathamp
ton-Agnes Flash. / ,
SIXTH RACE — Purse; three-year-olds and
tjpward; one and a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Hors<». Weight. Jockey. St. «£ Fin.
1 to ti — Roehampton, 114 (Bullman) 1 i, 1 J'
5 to 1— Counterpoise. 99 < Haa.-k) ..222
Time. 1 :07 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. I.. McGinnis' ch. c. by Flying
Dutchman-P'.antress. Marmee 100. Prlstlna 99
Tom Cod 103, Juvenal Maxim 102. Laocoori
10.".. Gr«at Croysins 0T» Tlthonle 1C5. Water
epout 102. The Buck 104. Bouvier 09, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Purse; two-year-olds; five
and a half furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
« to 1 — IVntaur. 110 <Cochrane).. 9 6 1 >i
30 to 1 — I^atheron. 102 <H*ack)... 1 4 2 n
8 to 5 — Race King. 121 (Odom). . .21 3 h
FOURTH RACE— Sea Gull stakes; fillies;
three- year-olds; g!x furlongs: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Astr.rita. 121 <Hick*l 1112
2O to 1 — Futurtta. 100 (Gannon).. 3 2 2 2
50 to 1 — S. Ground 109 <Cochran) fi 4- 3 *«
Time. 1:13 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Mexican Stable'p b. f. by Bathampton-
Lnla A. Rosetlnt 121. Mamie Worth 112. Our
Nugget 111, al.«o ran.
Time. 1 :5.{ 3-5. Start pood. Wen easily.
Winner. W. L. Oliver's b. k. by Badge-Mock
ing Bird. Black Hussar 110. Tuga! Bey »4.
Kaulccr.bridge 03, Intrrvsi 1C2. afeo ran.
THIRD RACE— Ore and an eighth miles;
handicap; 3-yf-ar-olds and up:
Benin?. Herse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5 — Lord Badge. 105 (Fuller).. 4 2 13
11 to 5— Himself. 115 <O3cm) 11 2 h
6 to 1— W. R. Condon, 10U i Red
fern) 2 3 33
PECON'D RACE— About 2 miles; steeple
chafe: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
8 to I — Tar.kara. 14« <«. CJruen) . . S 1 1 6
13 to 5 — Ohnet. US tSangn) ... 7 4 2 10
20 to 1— Bob Alone. 137 (T. Power*) 3 2 3 20
Time. 4:32. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.s br. b. by Kin* Midas-
Epergne. Fericn 132. George Keene 139.
Caller 137. Woolgrauherer 152. Gold Ray 134,
also ran.
FIRST RACK— One and a sixteenth miles;
3-y*ar-cMs. ridden by, boys that have never
won; -.piling:
lifiunp. *»orse. Weight. JOckey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Rostand. »9 (Trubel) 4 3 13
15 to 1— Albany Girl. 87 (J. Carr). 3 4 2 Vi
5 to 1— Syrlln. 104 (Lamb) 3 1 3h
Time. 1 :47 3-3. Stan good. Won ridden out.
Winner, Hampton Stable's b. c. by Russell-
Galena 11. klnfrralne 111. Early Eve 102,
Mary Worth 100. Chicle 01. Carroll D.106, Ank
let Hi. Kinp Carter V5. Turnpike 04. Xeithcr
One 1L»3, Dark Planet 106. Collegian 107. Kodo
94. also ran.
BRIGHTON BEACH. NEW . YORK,
July 3).— Jockey Redfern to-day added
nothing to his reputation as a rider by
his exhibition on Mamie Worth in the
Sea Gull stakes at Brighton Beach. The
Sea Gull was the feature of the card and
Mamie Worth was the popular choice for
the event on the strength of her recent
good performances. She was in receipt of
nine pounds from Astarita and the public
as well as the big speculators did not
believe the latter couid give the weight.
Mamie Worth was one of .the best played
favorites of the day. She might not have
won with a perfect ride, for Astarita was
a good filly to-day. The v.elght- did not
bother her, and she simply galloped home
in 1:13 1-5, after making the pace all the
way. Summaries:
Special Dlnpatch to The Call
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS. N. X. Jaly
2O.-Ten mile 3 an 'hour for thirty mUes
windward was the rattling pace set by Sir
Thomas Upton's cup challenger in a race
with Shamrock I In the waters of the In
ternational racecourse off Sandy Hook
lightship to-day. The challenger's exact
time for thirty miles was 2:59:20. very
near record time for a cup event and on
a par with the Reliance's splendid per
formance off Newport in June, when th«
American yacht covered thirty miles in
less than three hours. Shamrock Hl'a
windward leg to-day was, however, not a
beat to windward. A shift in the wind at
the start made it possible for her to fetch
from the starting line to within two miles
of the turn in quicker than if she- had to
beat all the way. Despite her splendid
pace she beat Shamrock I by only one
minute twenty-two seconds elapsed time,
but the new boat had lost at least two
minutes by the parting of her Jib topsail
sheet when she was four miles from tha
finish line. * *
Outsiders Have Luck in
Other Races of a
Tame Sort.
Regardless of. Weight , the
Filly Makes the Face
Throughout.
Good Track and Propitious
Waather for St. Louis
Races. 3^>*
Beats Shamrock I, However,
- by Lass Than Two
Minutes.
Premier Stakes at Haw
thorne an Unexcit
ing Event.
Loses the Sea
Gull Stakes.
Mamie Worth, Favorite,
Purse and Selling Events
Make a Respect
• Card.
Covers Thirty Miles to
Windward in Excel- -
1612 b -LlLLlo.
DICK WELLES
WINS EASILY
ASTARITA JUST
GALLOPS HOME
HANDICAP LENDS
LIFE AT DELMAR
LIPTON'S YACHT
SETS FAST PACE
GIVE CLE VER PERFORMANCE
OF "FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON"
Amelia Bingham's Players Make Another Hit, Lackaye
k Being Specially Applauded--Neill-Morosco Company
Presents " In Palace of King" Superbly^ at California
THE SAN FBANCI6CO ; CALL, TUESDAY, JULYf 21, 1903.
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SHIN DISEASES MSB 1
And while not always painful are aggravating beyond expression . With
few exceptions ftiey are worse in spring and summer when the system begins
tothawoutandtheskin i_ _ _ - . . . _,
;e«.o^t;«<r **A «,V{ti(r F^SSw"^! z ******& with Eczema of the hands
is reacting and xnaKing- f3*^Tv and face for over a year, it was not only
extra efiorts to Lb.ro w off annovinp and painful but very un-
the poisons that have W<*J «JfJS; «d I dlsUked to iro out fn the
accumulated during the >1 *i / ItrledatleaBtadozen«bap«and«alv»e
T^,Vif«- Tht>n KniUnnf? H "^/^ and became very much discouraged
winter. inenbOllsana nntil I read in the paper of the cures
pimples, rashes and Si^^r^fc performed through the use of S. s. S. I
««,r^t;«r.e «f #»xr»rxr mn fTHffiTn^ **& Uttla faith ftt first but determined
eruptions Of every con- */nR[Jrt to Blve it a month's fair trial at least. I
ccivable kind make *? ' am pleased to state that I soon noticed a
«%«;»• onnA>9«~>nno artA slight improvement, sumcie&t to decide
their appearance, and ae to keep It up. Afterthe use of^ six bottles my skin
Eczema andTetter — the vu as smooth and soft as a baby's. This was a year
twin team of dd. — — "*" — «^ 1 SS, t SSSiS^m«L
and such other skin troubles as usually remain quiet during cold weather,
break out afresh, to torment and distract by their fearful burning, itching
,-. ¦ i- and stinging. A course oC S. S.:S. now will purify
/^»^ f^H ff^S an<^ enrich the blood, reinforce and tone up the gen-
%^\ eral system and stimulate the. sluggish circulation,
KJll K^j I^*-v thus warding off the diseases common to spring and
summer. Theskin, with blood to nourish" it,
icmains smooth and soft and free of all disfiguring eruptions. ' ' ,
Send for our free book on diseases of the skin and write us if you desire
medical advice or any special information. This will cost you nothing.'
7U£ S WJFT S PECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GJL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jtnr&Rtw Fi^S 1^1 |_ L 2^
Jr*PUB5y I S^ij ¦ *
jSICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Iiit'le Pills.
I . They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
I Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
i feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
j ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Plu. Small Dose.
Small Price-
HOTEL DEL MONTE
ANNOUNCES
S P O R T S
POLO AXD RACES — August 1 to 8. under
the auspices of the Paciflc Coast Polo and
Pony Racln? Association. R M. Tobln Secre-
tary. Entries to and Information from lit
Crocker building. San Francisco.
AUTOMOBILE RUN-^Auaru»t « to 11, from
San Francisco. Including m«t at Del' Monte.
under the auspices of the Automobile Club of
California. F. A. Hyde President. Entries to
151 Crocker Building-. San Francisco.
COLF TOURNAMENT— August 24 to 31,
under auspices of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso-
ciation. K. - Gllman Brown Secretary. Entries
to 310 Pine street. San Francisco.
OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP. TEAM MATCH.
for Byrne Cup. .^yrth vs. South. -
DEL MONTE CUPS — Amateur Tournament,
Ladies' .Tourtiamtnt.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
;TJsed by people of refinement
xor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
d visit DR. JORDAN'S crsat 6
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
V ijf . 4 The Largest Anatomic*! Museum ia the \
m world WeaJcnes«es or tny contracted m
I Jc Saa d'ieaie poddo-lj rmrn* fiy the oldest Y
W Si3 y^tl specialist on the C&ist. Eil 36 y-iit. 0
i Q*3*h OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
A f' l5Wn ConTOltinon frte »n<J Mrktly pH»ate. \
I ' 4 J&'Bf D TrMtn >"« person»Hy or by leiter. A M
H ' MB P—itlm* Curt ia every case vuiden»ken. T
if 1 IH Write for IV oi. PHI LO»orB\.fi
t * I 1 ! BAnmAGC, mailed rxss. (ay
1 I 0 li valuable book for sirs) -, \
¥ DR JoCDi.v A to. 1051 Market 8t.a f. 9
EVERY WOMAN
' --"i^r-w. ** intercned * nd should kiKwr
j^^^^V about the wonderful
M|» MURVEL l®St? a
ltt\\*»-V''\V5^i \i\ '¦ J V ectlon <"*<* Suction.
*4V<S^^4^3 Sest-Safest-MostCon.
¦ M S^^g? i>^»yaTr^- Iaauatly.
Aikyonrdrniiljtforlt. Vtj^L, ,,>-*!I>-
If hi? rinn.it supply the \Jfs^T^ " ' ¦ ' ¦ ~"'£\^
MAItVl'L. accept no . \ "•V/jg-'Jfc^ „
other. Nit send stimp fot Illus. V f "'•fcfah m
tntedhock— aoa led. It gives fun \;, M ' %Qr
pmrticulirs and rtirr. ti'-K'c inralii«b!e " &,"' / M
toladie- . M.UHKI.CC. . <i/,*tewjf- .
Room 203. Ttme» B&g.. New Tor k. y^SmBr "-J •"The Old Greatman" la the title given
to the late W. E. Gladstone by an Italian
newspaper in an article on the English
Liberal party. -
OAKLAND. July 20.— The myste
rious sloop that has "jumped," if
a .vessel can be said to "Jump"
anything, some two or three
thousand acres of oyster bed
lands between San Leandro and San Lo
renzo, is still anchored off Roberts Land
ing with the armed men aboard. No
move has been .made by either side, the
sloop being satisfied with remaining at
anchor and holding under arms the al
leged possession of the oyster beds, while
the original claimants have riot yet made
any special move to oust the sloop and
her armed crew, except to serve, notice
upon them that they are trespassers.
The people whose land has been jumped
are Captain William Roberts of Roberts
Landing, who holds claim to 1500 acres of
oyster bed tide lands; Henry _ U. Marlin
and Mrs. Matilda Marlln. In all some
2500 acres of. valuable water' front lands
have been jumped, surveyed and are now
being held by the armed sloop.
The . vessel Itself Is at present lying
nearly a. mile directly west of Roberts
Landing, one of the best Inlets. along the
Alameda shore south of Oakland harbor.
But little communication is bad with the
shore by < the armed guard of the- sloop.'
The guards have but little desire to min
gle with the shore people whose land
they have jumped, and the shore people
have served the guards a notice
that they are not to trespass on shore as
they have upon the tlde.lands and. water.
DENIED A LANDING.
In the first days of the occupation of
the water front .lands by .the^tlopp., the
surveyors and armed guards attempted
to reach shore at Roberts Landing, which
has turned out to/be the seat* of war - of
the new jumping, deal: But.' Gove Rob
erts soon stopped that. Gove Roberts
happens to be a notary^ public and he
drew up a formidable looking document
frightened in. front of the Fire Depart
ment station. . :,-•/--'"
..q .. ._. . ... _,..., . - . _^ .,
pirate, and there are all kinds of threats
being made.
There is also a growing belief among
those who. hold these oyster bed. titles
to water front lands' that this' seizure is
not being made for the sole purpose of
planting oysters. • ..-.•- -
Roberts Landing, the storm ce'ntfer of
this trouble, is one of the most valuable
Inlets on the Alameda side of the bay
shore. There Is 'deep water up to high
land and the inlet' runs -through oyster
beds and t id that passed into private
ownership, through the oyster .bed. law.
This landing would be a very valuable
property for some manjjfactlng or rail
road proposition, and its seizure by an
armed sloop would -mean all kinds of legal
and property troubles. The mystery that
surrounds the operations of the sloop and
its armed crew and the" money, that is
apparently being spent causes the local
land claimants' to think that there la
something besides a mere oyster bed prop
osition involved. - .: - .. '
SHERIFF AS ¦ A RESERVE.
This la tht statement *^nade by 'Gove
Roberts/ the son of. Captain William Rob
erts, to-night: .
The armed sloop 4s- still -anchored' off our
landing. I have served notice upon those in
charge of it that we. as owners of. the land,
consider them trespassers, and, that we will not
allow them. to cross our. high land to reach their
vessel.* tVe hare not ¦ yet decided exactly what
course we - will pursue, but' the moment that
they make a move toward building a wharf or,
a warehouse, or anything that could be consld-,
ered a claim upon the land, we will call in the
Sheriff to dispossess them. .If they, choose to
fight the Sheriff. It; is up to thorn. At It Is
now, they seem satisfied with anchoring the
vessel about a mile off ; the shore and - keeping
an armed, guard on her. No one that I 'know
Of has 'been allowed upon the vessel.
We filed upon this property. In 1879 and we,
consider that -me have complied with every
provision of the law and that this is merely a'
piratical Jumping Of our claims. We have even
planted ' oysters this year, which Is something
this crew may not know. • ¦ .-,.»».
. They had the audacity to try to land at our
landing after they had . jumped our property,
but I warned them oft our land, and now when
they want to reach the sloop they come from
Gan Leaniro station and walk' around our,prop
erty.. , ' .' • / • .
of the household cavalry. The King wore
the uniform' of -an; admiral.
..Elaborate, arran^ejments were made by
the" railroad company; for the ' comfort - of
the king's party: -The . platform . ~ was
closed to the public thls'mornlng. and ? the
royal' train^was beautifully .. decorated.
WhenUhelr Majesties alighted at the sta
tiorf,,' which fwas also. handsohiely decorat
ed, they were received by the railroad di
rectors/with .whom th^fr- shook hands.' \
.With >" the 'i cheers of I the people £ ringing
in their ears, the King t and Queen ; , left
London '• at i 6 .• p.' " xri. ' for • Holyhead,- where
the' royal; yacht: IS awaiting them. They,
expect " to reach Kingstown at 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning. I ,' t
" Th'e ;royal train' arrived , at , Holyhead \ at
6:03 p. ', m. ' Their.' Majesties ; were ; received
at'the 'pier head by. Vice , Admiral Lord
Charles :Ber<5sford,V the municipal authori
ties J and '/ the .commanding ; officers of the
which he covered with notarial seals, an
nouncing that the high land as well as
the water front in question belonged''- to
his father, Captain William Roberts, and
the people who /were jumping the water
front land were warned that they would
not be permitted to cross his father's
property.
As Captain. William Roberts owns In
undisputed sway all of the hich land
back' of Roberts Landing,/ and Thomas
W. Mulford, who is friendly to the Rob« !
ertses, owns the land Immediately north
of that, the surveyors were forced to go
some five miles around these claims In
order to reach San Leandro station. •
The people -of San Loandro, San Lo
renzo and neighboring settlements ar«
not, very friendly to the surveyors and
tide land jumpers of the mysterious»3loop
and they get very f little sympathy In
tnese communities. The sloop and Its
occupants are generally known as' "the
pirates," but the' local claimants are sat
isfied with calling them this name at long
range and serving written notices that
are passed, aboard. the. vessel in the face
of the. muzzle of a shotgun. It was un
der these .conditions -that Gove Roberts
served his written notices upon the crew
In charge of the, vessel; 7
\ ' SERVES 'WRITTEN . NOTICE.
When Gove Roberts: first began to pro
tect his father's interests by serving writ-'
ten : notices upon -,the* men in -the sloop
he found that; there was a decided dis
inclination to receive _his- documents. 'He^
rowed up to the .sloop with: a' letter of,
protest f u Jl i of : legal ( , verbiage . and ". gold
seals andwas metby a. man with a gun, ;
who warned him ' away. He 'asked for
L. W. Smith, who finally came on deck!
and took the document. "According to Mr.;
Roberts* story theonly reply -he got.
was. "Humph!" = • - \
There has been a' general I unification of
the water front claimants off the eastern
shore of Alameda County, for they fear
that If the lands of ; Captain Roberts can
be jumped others may suffer as well.
They do not Hesitate to call the sloop/a
KING DEPARTS
FOR IRELAND
Cost of the Schools.
OAKLAND. July 20.— The City Board
Of Education has prepared its estimate of
the cost cf conducting the schools of the
city for the year 1903-4, to be submitted
to the City Council at its meeting to
night. It places the figure at $336,720. Of
this amount $30£>73 is for common and
evening schools and $78,147 for high
pchools and observatory. Of the total
amount of $3S5"2f>. part of it is derived
from the State fund and part from the
tnunty-fund, leaving a balance of 1115.
2J6 SS to be raised by direct tax for this
purpc.se by the city of Oakland.
ROBERTS LANDING ON THE EASTERN SHORE OF. ALAMEDA COUNTY WHERE THE TIDE LAND JUMPING
•' ? OPERATIONS ARE IN PROGRESS. THE OWNER OF FIFTEEN HUNDRED ACRES OF OYSTER BEDS
THAT ARE IN DISPUTE AND THE OLD HOMESTEAD. "Ii: '. . . / •
NEW YORK PLAYS EVEN ¦
WITH THE CLEVELAUDS
Washington Takes Third Consecu
tive Game From Chicago in +
Final Inning. ¦•;-'•'"•'
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. July 20. — New York and Cleve
land.split even to-day. Griffith pitched very
eteadlly during the first game, while Joss made
two errors and weakened at critical stages, the
borne team winning. .
In the second game Wolfe was holding the
visitors well in hand when he strained a ten
don in his pitching arm - during the fourth
inning. Chesbro relieved him in the fifth. The
change was unlucky for the locals, an the vis
itors scored two runs off Chesbro In this inning.
Attendance. &300. Scores:
First game— R. H. E.
New York 7 8 4
Cleveland 3 6 6
Batteries — Griffith and Beville; Josa and Ab-
game— R. H- E
Cleveland 2 3 0
New York 0 5 1
Batteries — Bernhard, Abbott and Bay; Ches
bro, Wolfe. O'Connor and Beville.
PHILADELPHIA, July 20.— St. Louis made
two triples in the fourth, which, with a base
en balls and an out, yielded three runs. Hoff
nan. who jumped - the Philadelphia American
League and went to Toledo, returned to-day and
played left field. -Attendance. 4SKK). Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis '. 3 ft „ . 3
Philadelphia 2 7 1
Batteries — Siever« end Sugden; Plank and
Powers.
WASHINGTON', July 20.— Washington took
its third consecutive game from Chicago, win
ning out in the last Inning. Magoon was put
out of the game for disputing decisions. At
tendance, 1400. Score: .•
. R. H. E.
Washington \... * 9 2
Chicago... v . 3 6. H
Batteries — Wilson and KUtredge; Owen and
McFarland.
: BO8TOX. July 20. — Detrtlt won by bunching
hits in the fifth. Boston could do nothing with
Kissinger until it was too late. Attendance.
4700. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston ."". 2 7 2
Detroit 3 8 0
Batteries — Winters and Crlger; Kissinger and
Maguire.
XATIOXAL LEAGUE. ?
ET. LOUIS, July 20.— §t. Louis won by
bunching hits. "McFarland was very effective,
and but for an error of brains would have shut
out the visitors. Attendance, ' 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
fit. Louts » « "3
Cincinnati • 1 6* 1
Batteries— McFtrland and J. O'Neill; Hahn
and Bergen. . ¦ > • , " .'
CHICAGO. July 20.— Chicago won on a baee
on balls, three «tncl«s and a double, which
*cored the three runs necessary. to win. A gift,
two singles and a triple gave Pittsburg two
runs. Attendance, 3800. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 2
PltUbur* 2 0 2
Batteries — Welmer and Kllng; Leaver and
Weaver. Umpire— O'Day. .
« » » ¦
THREE PERSONS HURT
IN RUNAWAY ACCIDENT
Father; . Mother and Daughter Are
Thrown From Buggy While
Driving at Haywards.
- HATWARDS, July 20.— Manuel Brown,
his wife and his daughter, Rose Brown,
of Mission San Jose were thrown out of a
buggy on Castro street this morning, the
vehicle overturning in the electric road
car tracks while the horee was running
RWflV> ' '
Miss Brown Buffered from a broken rib
and bad bruises. The mother's face. was
cut and bruised and Brown's' knee was In
jured. The injured people were attended
by Dr. Alexander. .' j
The accident was caused primarily by a
eudden Jump the horse made after, being
Will Welcome the Veterans.
OAKLAND. July 20.— The executive
committee on Grand Army day in Oak
land haa received notification from San
Francisco that Friday. August 21. is tha
official • date .selected for A lameda County
day. At a meeting , to-day Mayor Omey
submitted the draft of a public appeal to
the citizens of Alameda County for funds
to meet the expenses of the veterans' re
ception. His Honor said he expected
10.000 visitors on Alameda County day.
The representative programme includes a
trip through Oakland. Berkeley, Alameda,
San Leandro and Haywards, luncheon
under the willows at Lake Merritt. Rep
resentatives from Oakland, Berkeley,
Alameda, Haywards, San Leandro, Liver
more and Pleasanton attended to-day'i
meeting. ,
'•GAS INSPECTOR" BURGLAR
' SENTENCED TO TEN YEARS
' OAKLAND, July 20.— Herbert Barnea.
the "gas . inspector" . burglar, pleaded
guilty to a arlor conviction and charge
of burglary to-day and was sentenced to
ten years at Folsom State prison.
Another crior conviction and several
charges of burglary standing against him
were dismissed.
axothzs victim: meets
--e30d--at' death's citbve
Idrian Beaufils, Hurled From Berke
ley Train, Succumbs on His
Son's Wedding Day.
OAKLAND. July So.— Adrian Beaufils of
I>»5 Sixth street, who fell from the Berke
'cy local train at "death's curve" Satur
day evening, died this morning at the Re
ccSv'--g Hospital.
The cause of death was a fracture of
the skull. The deceased was well known
irr Berkeley, having resided there for a
number of years.
Erauflls' death !s unusually sad through
th<? fact that bis wife is confined to her
bed and his eon, who Is in business in
Denver, Colo., was to have been married
to-day.
The deceased was a native of Prance
and was 12 years of age. He leaves a
wife and two children, a son and a daugh.
ter.
BERKELEY. July 20.— President Wheeler
has gone to Mount Desert Island, on the coast
of Maine, for rest and recreation and will re
main there until Just before the univemty
opens. He left for the coast Immediately after
the adjournment of the National .Educational
Association's convention. •
M. E. Deutsch. formerly of the Latin de
partment has been appointed an Instructor la
Latin In the San Franclnco high school depart
ment. *
Professor Henry Senger of the- German de
partment is on his way home from a year'*
tour of Europe with his wife and two daugh
ters. He will resume his work In German when
the new term opens. The Misses Senger havtf
devoted some of their time to studying music
in Munich.
The fledd trip for next Saturday will be la
the hills 'north of Berkeley. Th« excursion Is
Intended for students in geology and mineral
ogy, but is open to all students. Professor
Palaehe of- Harvard University will lead the
party. -¦:•/;• -:-•":•
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
TRENTON, N. J., July 20.— Suit to fore
close the mortgage for $16,000,000 on the
property of the United Shipbuilding Com
pany was to-day commenced- in the
United States Circuit Court against
James Smith Jr.,' receiver, by the Mer
cantile Trust Company of New York, as
trustee. The only property of the United
States Shipbuilding Company not covered
by mortgage is the Bethlehem Steel
Works, upon which a mortgage j for
$10,000,000 was previously given to the New
York Security and Trust Company, as
trustee for an Issue of gold bonds.
The Mercantile Trust Company mort
gage covers all the property embraced in
the plants of the Union Iron Works, San
Francisco; Bath Iron Works, Bath,
Maine; Hyde Windlass Company, Bath;
Crescent Shipyard Company and Samuel
L. Moore Sons Company, Elizabeth;
Eastern Shipbuilding Company, New Lon
don, Conn.; Harlan and Hollingsworth
Company. Wilmington, and Canda Manu
facturing Company, Carteret, N. J.
It is alleged that the shipbuilding com
pany defaulted in the sum of S400,(X» due
July 1 for the semi-annual interest pay
ment and In the further sum of $200,000
which was to go into the sinking fund
for the retirement of gold bonds.'
If the move is successful it will practi
cally nullify the victory gained by op
ponents of Sheldon reorganization plan.
In addition, if the mortgage is fore
closed it will mean that the Bethlehem
Steel Company can be immediately . dis
membered from the ill-fated Shipyard
Trust. It Is likely" that a, vigorous fight
will be waged between the different Inter
ests. On one elde is arranged the Mer
cantile Trust and members of the Shel-'
don-Schwab reorgani2ation' committee,
while on the other hand there will be
numerous bondholders who . have sup
ported the campaign carried on by Mr.
Untermeyer. It is stated that some sen
sational testimony will -be taken in the
stiit. Mr. Smith, receiver, is now prepar
ing data to show the status and 'earning
capacity of each of the subsidiary, plants.
An attempt will also be made to secure
the contracts entered into between the
promoters, the owners of ship yards and
the Trust Company ..of, th« Republic In
this way an effort will be made to show
where the $8,100,000 cash received by the
Shipyards Company has gone.
..On the question of foreclosure. Chair
man Conklin, bt the protective committee,
says:
The $10,000,000 collateral bonds are secured
by a ntcrtgbge on the Bethlehem Eteel plant
and a second mortgage on the shipbuilding
plants. A clause in this collateral mortgage
proposes to give the holder the ¦• right to an
immediate foreclosure In case of default. in in
terest on the first mortgage -bonds, even if the
interest on the Bethlehem steel plant bonds is
paid. Forclosure under our own first mortgage
cannot be made until ninety days after de
fault, and if the holders of the majority of the
bonds conclude to waive the default they have
the power to do m. -
He eaid that an appeal will certainly be
made to the courts to prevent any such
proceedings.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, July 20.
Somewhere in some San Francisco hotel
or lodglng-hduse is a trunk anl valise
that belonged to the unknown d»ad man
lying in the local Morgue and about whose
death near the Brennan barn on the San
Pablo road last Friday night there is so
much mystery.
If this trunk and valise could be found
the cloud hanging over the man's identity
would l>e Instantly cleared and perhaps
some- light might be thrown. on the ques
tion of whether murder or suicide was the
cause of his death. And the clew to these
properties of the man is the two keys that
were found In the pockets of his clothing.
They are mute evidence that he had a
trunk and valj&e.
Examination of these instruments re
veals that one of them Is a trunk key
and the other a valise key. They are at
tached to a key ring and chain and are
the only keys on it. Both are made of
steel. Neither bears a mark of. any kind
on the handle that would indicate the
name or initial of the owner.
It is pretty certain the man lived in San
Francisco, though there is no direct evi
dence on that point. The thing that leads
the investigators to believe that he lived
there is the ferry ticket found in the
pockets. This ticket reads. "San Francis
co to Sausallto and return" and is punch
ed once. How the man could ha ve_ re
tained the ticket, however, If he made' the
round trip, is one of the inexplicable cir
cumstances in tha case. The theory Is
that he- must have ridden to Sausalito
and purchased another ticket to return on
or met a friend who bought a ticket for
him. • ¦
WOMAN SAW HIM LAST.
So, . as the only evidence obtainable
makes San Francisco the man's residence,
be must .have had a room there in which
are contained his belongings.
Through the efforts of the newspaper
men engaged in unraveling the mystery
the man's movements were to-day traced
tcr the very hour of his death.' Mrs. An
nie E. Wilson, whose son discovered the
man's body, is found to be the person
who saw him last on the day of the trag
edy. iShe left Berkeley the- day the body
was found and did not return until to
day. Her story is as follows:
- I saw the man walkinr past my plac» Fri
day evening about 7 o'clock. He walked very
•lowly and carried an overcoat, on hla arm. He
was. walking; in the direction of Brennan's
barn' on San Pablo avenue. The barn is only
a, short distance from my house, and. In a few
moments he disappeared behind It. That was
the last I saw of him until the next day, when
my con came to tell me a tramp was sleeping
behind the bam. I went there and tried to
wake him up and then discovered he was dead.
My attention was attracted to the man by
hla weli'dressed appearance. He didn't look like
a tramp at all. I thought he was simply going
to the next house on business. | but he walked
so slowly, and it is so lonely out here at that
hour of the night, that I could not help won
dering about him. The barn where he met his
death is full of tramps almost e\try night,
and I shouldn't wonder but they killed him.
thinking he bad some money.
ASKED FOR BURCHER.
Connor Bros, of the Blue Front saloon,
at Third and Harrison streets, added
something to the story of the man's wan
derings to-day. The man was in their
place about 1 o'clock on Friday. He first
asked for a' drink of water and then In
quired for E. R- Burcher, who formerty
was the proprietor of the place.
"Is Mr. Burcher here any more?" he
asked of the Connors. - -.~.~*. : i
"Well, then, I'll go 1 to his house."
i The Connors showed him the way and*
he went off toward the Burcher house. A
little later he did appear at the Burcher
house,, but he did not see Burcher. He
saw Mrs. Burcher instead, by whom he
was accommodated with a drink of water.
"I don't believe he knew Burcher at
all," said F. A. Connors to-day. "He
Vanted.a drink and thought he might get
it on the strength of a pretended friend
ship for Burcher." '»ri-'
Burcher was shown the newspaper pic
tures of the man and said he had never
seen him before. .
"I don't remember ever having seen any
such man," said he. "It's strange why
he should ask for me. He may have
heard my name while he was visiting the
other saloons around here, but I'm sure
I know nothing about him.'*
KNEW SALOONS WELL.
The man's observations at the various
saloons*, he visited show that he .-• was
-pretty well acquainted with the saloon
traffic In Berkeley. At Carman's place he
said: "I'm glad the American; Hotel
down the road didn't get a license.. It's
a good thing they closed all. those speak
easies within the mile limit." And at
Connors' place he spoke as if he were fa
miliar with its history. At the same time,
he does "not appear to have been a drink
ing man; for he took -water in the two
saloons he te known to' have visited.
The man's actions lead, some of the in
vestigators to believe that he was a. Gov
ernment officer sent from the East to con
duct investigations into the liquor traffic.
It is possible • that he may have . been
murdered by- men engaged in the illicit
manufacture of liquor whom he had dis
covered. But the question comes back.
What was he doing at the barn at' 7
o'clock? • ' ' . s, ..-..
.Additional, weight was added to the
murder theory to-day by, the discovery
that the gold-bowed glasses the man wore
¦were fitted for a left-handed person.
When found the man was gripping, the
pistol '-In- the .'right ".hand. If he was a
left-handed ; person it is- not likely . that
he shot himself \vi th . his right hand and
tbi# fact bears out the theory that the
pistol was put into the roan's hand by hla
murderers after his death.
fleet. Addresses were presented and the
party embarked for Kingston.
•-•"¦ DUBLIN, * July 1 20.— The announcement
of, the, Pope's death made practically no
difference In the ahlmated-appearanco.of
the streets, throngs of gaily dressed people
viewing. the decorations in honor of King
Edward's visit' which, on all sides. Is an
ticipated with , keen delight. . The King
left;Holyhead "before ," the * news, was
known. L Lord ? Plunkett, i private j secretary
to the Lord Lieutenant,' has expresed the
opinion v that there : will s bo no essential
change s in » the •programme-'' .-'•._• .'
If Move Succeeds It Will Practically
Nullify Victory . Gained , by Op
ponents of Sheldon Reor
ganization Plan. ,.
Witnesses Tell of Aimless Wander
ings of Unfortunate, but All
Say He Was a Stranger
:"-*M :> to- Them. ;\ ;
Froperty Covered by Mortgage
Includes the Union
Iron Works.
Trunk and Valise Keys In
dicate He Had Baggage
. Somewhere.
Special DUpatrh to The Call
KEADQUARTERS SAN FRANCISCO
CALL, CAMP KENNEDY, SANTA CLA-
I1A. July 2 1 .'.— Immediately upon receiv
ing a telegram from The Call, notify
ing him that the Pope had passed away,
Coicnel Janus E. Power, commander of
the First Regiment. League of the Cross
Cadets, ordered the flag lowered to Half
mast. This ceremony was pimple but im
pressive to those who were In camp. A
guard of honor formed at the foot of the
tall rtappole and as the flag was lowered
cabers were presented and every . officer
End private within view stood at atten
tion.
Put of respect to the memory of the
Pcpe the reception which was to be ten
dered to the regiment to-night by the cit
izens of Santa Clara was postponed until
to-morrow evening. At dress parade the
following regimental order was sent to
the assembled cadets:
It is with feelings of the most profound sor
row that I announce the death of his Holiness.
L«o X11I. Supreme Pontiff of the Holy Roman
Catholic and Apostolic Church. A« devoted
members of th£.t church, he wu our great
leader, whose glorious pontificate of twenty
five years is luminous with victories of the
faith. He made our faith and our churcc
kiv>wn and loved by the. non-Catholic world.
i: .i- life and work were an inspiration to every
one of us. for day after day he went on tolling
f»r the glory of God. the honor of the mother
church and the welfare of humanity.
As Americans we revere the Pope, who mani
fested much Interest in this young republic of
ours, lie watched its progress with pride and
it rejoiced his heart that -the Catholic church
!n thiy land of liberty mad*- auch magnificent
•stride's. He addressed oar hierarchy and the
Catholic peopie In letter* of paternal solicitude.
He E*r.t his representative to the World** Fair
at Chicago. He founded a great Catholic uni
versity In the capital of the nation. He fre- :
AWStfjr exchanged presents with the Chief Ex- :
*rutl\e of the republic and till the angel of
<ie&th visited him his interest in us increased.
•We lovt the great Pcpe who took so deep an
interest in human right* and who raised his
voice in the cause of the masses. His great
encyclical en the working classes will Us for
all generations the Mairr.a Chart* of labor.
Not er.:»- ha* our church eus-tatned an Irrepara
ble loss, but humanity has lost its best friend
in the great White Shepherd of Christendom.
As a mark of refpect to hti memory the flags
fty it half-mast during the encampment, all
toclal functiens have been declared off snd a
fOJemn military mass of reiruUra wltl be cele
brated to-morrow at 10 o'clock. -
By order ct Colonel James E. Power. -.
MARTIN POWER. Captain aad Adjutant.
The battalion maneuvers this morning
were' the best seen at a camp of tue
League of the Cross in many years. The
first battalion, made up of Companies A,
G, M, O and C, wtre put through a severe
tfriH by Sergeant A. Smith of the Twenty
ninth Infantry. I*. 6. A. The cadets
charged, deployed, countermarched and
r»-t reared in perfect order. . The officers
showed themselves familiar with the tac
tic? «r.d they aided their drillmaster
materially. The second and third bat-
Hor.s wore drilled in the use of the
ber by Sergeant McCormick of the
::iicd States Army.
N". Moscowitch. a watchmaker employed
by M. Schussler & Co., wholesale Jewel
ers, In the Spreckels Annex on Market
street, was the victim of an exciting ex
perience last evening that was not wttli
out its ludicrous features and one that he
will long remember.
It is the custom of the firm to close the
establishment at 5 o'clock evtry afternoon
and accordingly it the appointed time M.
Schussler. the senior member of the firm,
took his departure, locking the door after
him. It so happened that Moscowitch was
busily engaged at work In the rear of the
store and did not hear his employer leave.
. About an hour later he -laid down his
tools and after satisfying hlmseff that
everything was all right started to depart.
The door was closed and locked, however,
and the Imprisoned watchmaker knew
that a turn of the handle would set the
burglar alarm in motion, as every avenue
of Ingress and egress was protected in
this manner.
Hemmed In on all sides by burglar
alarm wlrrs and unresponsive cases of
jewelry. Moscowitch was at a loss to
know what to do. He gave vent to sev
eral calls with the hope of attracting tile
janitor or elevator operative. In his dis
traction he went to the telephone to call
up his employer, who resides in Oakland.
In the meantime, however, some one who
had been attracted by hl.» cries went to
the door and turned the knob.
B-r-r-r-r went the clockllke mechanism
in the Central burglar alarm office and
the bells tapped a number. The operator
sprang: to his feet. "Some bold cracks
men are at work in Schuaaler & Co.'s
store," he exclaimed. Two of the sleuths
employed by the company were at once
dispatched to the scene.
With trembling fingers they placed the
pass key In the lock and opened the door,
expecting to catch the intrepid crooks and
establish an international reputation as
Hawkshaws. They were* confronted by
Moscowitch. who told them who he was
and how he happened to get into the pre
dicament they had found him. He was
allowed to depart and his two liberators,
somewhat crestfallen, returned to their
post. • r w r.;. -•¦:;,:;;
Sleuths Descend on Store to
Find Suppose&Robber Be
longs There.
Eulogy of the Pope Read to
League of Cross
Regiment.
Mystery of Murder in
£ Berkeley Remains *
Unraveled.
Trust CompanyProceeds
Against Shipyard
Combine.
Imprisoned Employe of
Jewelry Firm Causes
Sensation.
Promptly Lowered
to Ha :f- Mast.
Camp # Kennedy Flag
NONE TELL
THE NAME OF
DEAD MAN
$16,000,000
FORECLOSURE
SUIT BEGINS
CADETS HONOR
DEAD PONTIFF
RESCUER SPRINGS
BURGLAR ALARMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- 1UESDAY, JTULY 1903.
Vessel With Sinister Gun That Has Excited Ownerfe of
Tide Lands Where Bivalve Thrives Maintains Silence
and Formal Warning Is Given Persons in Charge
ARMED SLOOP RIDES GRIMLY
OVER QUIET HOME OF OYSTER
LONDON, July, '2O.--Klng Edward and
Queen Alexandra, accompanied by the
Princess Victoria and; their suites, left
London at 1 p. m. for Ireland. '
-'Though the day -was gloomy large
crowdB gathered in \ front of ; Buckingham
Palace and i along I the ¦ route to J Euston
station and enthusiastically cheered their
Majesties,' ; who r drove^' to . the ;~ depot In
state landaus, .escorted I by a detachment
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
• - Monday, July 20.
Stmr SouUv Bay, Jamleson, 49 hours. from
Xtedonilo.
Strnr- Santa Crux, Olelow, 72 hours from San
Pedro, etc. 1X)MEgTIC ports.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed July 20^-Br bark
Trongate, for South America.
PORT BIiAKEIi'EY— Sailed July 20— Bark
PrucBla, for; San Francisco. .. ., ' <•¦¦
Arrived July 20 — Schr BalnbrldKe,. from. San
I'cdro. FOREIGN PORT^'
VICTORIA — Arrived July 20 — Bark Challen
ger.. from' Mazatlan; Br stinr : Indrasamha;
.from Hongkong.- . >¦.-... _'„ . .
¦ . ' * * ,
PEKING; July 20.— United States Minister
Conger to-day paid a vUit to Prince Chin g and
discussed 'the: opening of ports- In 'Manchuria.
The interview bad no definite result. '. * r
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVERlSttliM
Hostettcr*s Stomach Bitters has
been continuously before the pub-
lic^ It has therefore enjoyed the
confidence of the people forhalf a
century, a record unequaled by
any other stomach remedy. Then
surely it is worthy of a fair trial
by every one suffering from Loss
of Appetite, Nausea, Heartburn,
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Constipa-
tion or Liver and Kidney /Trou-
bles. It positively cures. One
bottle will convince you of its
merit.
HQSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
GOLD CKOWKB AT COST.
[22 K. crownk, fecrviceable and artUUc; gutu-
wwm net to tarnieh or eome off. Pivot teeth
which cannot b«- detected from the natural.
Crowded end twisted teeth reruUted free. Ex-
traction fre*. Cleaning free. PaialeM method*.
Graduate* only. "Eat-entr ye*r»' pu*rant«*. •'
WM 'l»v*. u to ft: Sun<1»rn. « t« t.
FOST-G SACCATE DEHTAL COLLEGE
San Fr&neitco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 073 Washington Street..
Sfin Jc»e— 45 Hast Santa- Clara Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Headaches From
Army Life
Finally Caused Nerv-
ous Dyspepsia.
Dr. Miles! Nervine Cured;
' Nervousness, indict st ion and insomnia ara
the three greatest afflictions \ of mankind.
Attended as they are by a thousand di>
agreeable symptoms the victim is in constant
misery. Pity tne person who cannot •1«P.
enjoy his food nor secure rest and peace of
mind. Dr. Miles* Nervine is a sure cure for
all three maladies. It soothes the brim,
strengthens the nerves of the stomach and
digestive organs,' bringing sleep, rest, health,
strength and a jjood digestif. ¦>'
"Smallpox contracted while in the anniy.
left me with ' a disease of the spine, nearly
blind, and with a complication of nervous
affections. Perhaps the most distressing of
all ray troubles were the sick headaches
which grew more frequent and tertn as the .
years passed by, until I became a confirmed
' dyspeptic with all the characteristic symp-
toms of nervousness, indigestion, and in-
somnia. In ray search for health, I left my
old home in Aroostook county, Maine, and
located in the west. Soon after coming hers
my attention was called to Dr. Miles' Re-
storative Nervine, and I decided to try it.
It soon stopped my headaches and I nave,
not had one since. .When I, had taken aix '
bottles my health was wonderfully improved
in every way.'- 1 am well today, eaf and
• sleep all right and in fact feel that my youth
.has been renewed."— J. B, Byron, New
Whatcom, Wash. RQK
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dt." Miles'. Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Addrua
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkh&rt, lad. -A Chinese Immigrant named Ah Wah
engaged- in a friendly wrestling bout yes
terday with a fellow, incomunicado in the
detention shed on the Mail dock and sus
tained a fracture of the right arm. United
States Immigrant . Commissioner North
sent for a surgeon to attend the injured
man.' .: . ;
Arm Broken in Sport.
General J. B. Cogden^of New York, who
is head of the American Silk Association,
which controls the raw silk market in
this country, returned ' yesterday from
Japan, where he has been looking over
the silk culture situation for several
months. He stated last, evening at the
Palace Hotel that the demand for the
raw material has lately been falling off
noticeably, a fact which is attributed, to
several reasons. One of them, he said,
is 'the. fact that the people of this coun
try and England are now using linen
handkerchiefs instead of those of silk,
and another is that the Italian crop of
silk having diminished, the . Japanese
promptly raised the. price of their mate
rial, which reduced the 1 orders' for the
Oriental product. Over half of the prod
uct of Japan, General Cogden said, is Im
ported to this country.
Head of . the Silk \ Combine.
The schools, opened yesterday through*
out the city with a full attendance. It
jyas necessary-for the School Department
to send out twenty-four substitute teach
ers to assist in taking charge of the great
army of children who filled the school
houses..
All the classes were full, 55,000 children
having been enrolled.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion, held yesterday afternoon, the resig
nation of Mrs. Mead-Morrissey, principal
of the Irving Scott Evening : School, was
accepted, and Daniel Deasy was appointed
to 'fill; the position. . •- ) -,
' Superintendent Langdon advised j that
the . children do not purchase' the old
United States history, . as " the new ones
will.be out by .; September. 1.;'-
The following . - recommendations were
made to the , Board:^ \f ¦•
¦ That high •¦ school certificates be granted to
Monroe £. Deutsch on diploma of graduation
from the University of California, class of 1902,
and-- recommendation of the faculty thereof;
Miss Elsie Bowman and Miss Annie 'H. Allen
on the same, and George A. Connolly on special
high school credentials granted June 0, 1903. I ¦
That grammar school certificates be granted
to . Miss Alice B. DlKgs on diploma of gradua
tion from the San Francisco Normal School,
claes of 18S0; Miss Clara - Westerman, on dl
plorr.a of graduation from the California State
Normar School (San Francisco), class of 1003;
Miss Elsie Hart, class of 1903; Miss Lena Han
sen, class of 1902; Miss Etta Tessner, class of
1901. and Miss Lois Harrison, class of 1903,
on 'the' same. . ¦ - . ,
That, the grammar gradecertlflcate of Miss
Mabel A. Leary be renewed.
Board of Education. Holds Sleeting
and Many Recommendations
Are Made.
SCHOOLS ABE OPENED
THKOUGHOUT THE CITY
The "secured" claims as represented at
the -, creditors' meeting included those of
the National Bank for $51,820 79;
Wells, Fargo & Co.'a_ bank, $42,668 62;
Comptolr National d'Escompte de Paris,
$34,490 25; Bank of Yolo, $59,635 90; Bank
of Woodland, ,"$23,801 93; Colusa County'
Bank. $111,796 92; Anglo-Callfornian Bank,
$65,300; San Francisco Savings Union. $37,
071 30; Isaak Kohn. $101,000.
Several banks to whom th» Kppingers
owe large sums did not file any claim yes
terday. By agreement, to qualify those
at the meeting to vote, the basis, of value
of assets to debts there represented was
placed at 5 per. cent. Henry Wadsworth
was appointed trustee with bonds of $50,
000. Attorney Ach was present.- Milton
J. Green presided. It was decided to set
the. examination of the bankrupts for
Thursday, July 23, at 10 a. m. in Milton
J. Green's office.
Judge Beatty of the United States Cir
cuit Court denied a motion of the Monte
rey banks to remand the Epplnger cases
to the State courts. It was .held that
Receiver Wadsworth was appointed un
der a specific law and not under the gen
eral bankruptcylaws, and for that reason
the court denied the motion. -
• ¦ .......
At the first meeting of the creditors of
Epplnger & Co., which was. held yester
day at the office of Milton J. Green in
the Rlalto building, claims amounting to
$584,431 12 were filed. The greater part of
the Indebtedness thus reported Is on ac
count of banks, the extent of loans of
which' to the" broken grain firm has pre
viously been, made public. All the .banks
claimed .to ;be; partially secured. Isaak
Kohn, to whom ; $101,000 is due, 1 also was
enrolled; among those who claim to be
secured/ Among .'the unsecured creditors
are J. Levl Sr. of San Francisco, ; $1250;
William Greer Harrison, $500; Thames &
Mersey : > Marine Insurance . Company;
I577g 95; George H. Abel of Mfxwell, Co
lusa County, $34,106 05, and C. W. Clark of
Sacramento, $11,115 05.
Day Is Set for Examination
of the Bankrupt
-- ~ 1 : Grain Men.
Claims Against; Eppin
-,' gers Piled in"Sum
of $584,000.
CREDITORS HOLD
FIRST MEETING
Suits for divorce were -filed yesterday
by Meri Farero against Louis V. Farero
for desertion; Charles F. Tayntdh against
Annie Agnes Taynton for infidelity; Mary
A. Hubbell against Henry C. Hubbell for
neglect and Panllne E. Bender against
Joseph Bender for desertion.
In' the Divorce Court.
The powder which* forms the ba^is of
the claim' was used In the destruction of
the dangerous rocks named. • J. F. Cow
dery and Robert Harrison appear for the
plaintiff.
The complaint recites that on September
14, 1699, Axman contracted with the Unit
ed States to blow up Arch Rock and Shag
Rocks Xos. 1 and 2 in the bay of San
Francisco at a contract price of $253,000,
and that the American Surety Company
furnished his bond for $100,000.
The United States of America In the
relation of and for the use and benefit of
the Giant Powder Company, Consolidated,
filed suit yesterday In the United States
Circuit Court against Rudolf Axman and
the American Surety Company of New
York to recover 516.286, plus $2400 Interest,
being the balance due on a bill of pow
der. : :
Aftermath of the Destruction of Arch
and Shag Rocks in
the Bay.
CONTRACTOR AXTVTATT SUED
FOR A POWDER BILL
There was a dispute as to the law In
the case. It was conceded that If the
acts complained of had been committed
the Injunction should be issued to pre
vent a repetition of the anarchistic acts,
but the counsel for the defense Introduced
affidavits denying that the pickets had
been guilty of acts of violence or Intimi
dation. It was contended that the pick
ets used only peaceful persuasion and
would not for the world attempt to frigh
ten a non-union man or woman 1 from
working for the bag company during the
strike.
The company was represented by 8. O.
Houghton and H. B. Montague and the
strikers by Bert Schleslnger and Police
Commissioner Hutton. Several '¦ affidavits
were ml on behalf of the petitioners.
In which charges were made that certain
of the defendant strikers threatened and
Intimidated employes of the company,
and, in one Instance,- used a club on the
head of a male employe. One of the af
fidavits recites that thre* of the strikers
approached a non-union girl working In
the bag factory and, in a threatening
manner, called her a vile name reflecting
upon her chastity. ' v
A petition of the Gulf Bagr Company
asking for an Injunction against the La
bor Council and 298 ex-employes of the
company to restrain them from picketing
and Interfering with ¦ non-union workers
.was argued and submitted yesterday be
fore Judge James H. Beatty In the United
States Circuit Court, v •->...
Argument in Bag Factory
Strike Case Finally !
Submitted.
They Swear Thoy Would
Not Threaten a
Non-Unionist.
PICKETS PLEAD
IN GENTLENESS
THE SAN \FKANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, Jl 903.
12
DoveShooting
Is Good Now
| . —AT— !
Paso Robles
Hot Springs
For Particulars 'Write \
W. A. JUNKER,
Lessee and Manager. <
Paso Roblea, Cal.
' Or Call On
THOMAS COOK & SON.
€23 Market Street.
. San Francisco. '
Information Bureau, Southern ' Pacific, •'
613 Market Street.
eeeeee •»•••••• eeeeeee eee»
Santa Catalina Island
Z\i Hours From Los Angeles.
.' . Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. EOATINO. BATHINO,
FISHING. GOLF. ETC
The Famous Canvas City is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipm-nt. In Shad]
i . ' . . Grove. - -
HOTEL METBOF0LE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRINO ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERT ST-
SAN FRANCISCO.
O if m r% r% e% hot springs, sonomj
SK UHHS COUNTY; only 4^ houn
UA/K/UU from San Francisco anc
but 0 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State: boating anc
swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good troui
streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mail, ex-
press and San ¦ Francisco morning and evenins
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only $3 50. Tak«
Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, anj
guest of the past eight years. Patronage ol
1902 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. : also at
Traveler office. 630 Market St., or of J. F.
MULGREW. Skaggs. CaL
' NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAI* ;* ;
SWIMMING.
BOWLJNO.
¦¦¦¦-• — . AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs. La!ce County, gel
the crowd 7 Because It curea. • It Is the beet
water, has the best climate and gives the best
service. Send for book of testimonials. Ful
particulars at Travelers' Information I Bureau,
630 Market' street.' or by addressing-
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patrons of last season say : "Tahoe
Tavern is the equal of any summer resort
hotel in the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit ui
and prove statement for yourselves. Ratei
from $3.50 per day upward. For particular!
or reservation of room* address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahoe City. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLY 13 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA ANE
INSPIRATION POINTS
THE ONLT ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLT ROUTE, VIA INSPniATION
j:,,V/.V- ' POINT! •
For particulars address A. S. MANN. 813
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCC\
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel: modern conveniences; lares, airy din-
ing-room; exhilarating air; bunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates $10 and $12. THEO.
BLANCKENBERG JR.. Prop., Oakvllle. Napa
Co.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New. modern SO-room hotel: Ross Valley;
first-class every par. ; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10. 11. :
trains Kent sta. *IR. & MRS. J. E. MAN
LOV-E. prope. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marin Co.
R,TjTBioo3sr :p.a^,x.
Delightful summer resort on shore- of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing:
bring suits. Fishing, hunting. Boats, flahlni
tackle: saddle horses at moderate hire; $14 anc
$16 per week. Postofflee. tel. A. I*. FROST,
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. CaL
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKITOU CO.. CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort oc
the coast. Send for booklet. ¦ '
EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
IS hours' rail to Boca; stage, for .'springs con-
nects S p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding stage," $14 50. good for season. Ratta
$10 per week.
Sissons Tavern^ .
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3535 feet; open al
year. Headquarters Mount Shasta climbers
plentiful table: fine flshlnc and drives. Par-
ticulars Peck's Burean. 11 Montgomery. 8. -. F.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Ukiah. Mendocjno Co.« Natura
electric waters, champagne baths. Only placi
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting,
Crystal Springs. Accommodations;, table flni
class. J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Prope.
MONTRIO HOTEL
- One -mile from -famous "Bohemian Grove",
new management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, fishing, boating; t rest
milk, cream and best of. everything. Addrts»
C. i F. CARR. ¦ Uanaxer. Man trio. Cal.
flPFR PAPK INN ?° d "tWea; 6 mi. from
VLLR. [Ann UU1 Lake Tahoe: ocen Jun.
1 ; elev. 6507 ft. ; « mineral spgs. Traveler. Kit
Mkt St.: booklet. J. B. Soatt. Deer Park. Cal
GARDEN' CITY SANITARIUM; 6AN CA i° SB
Hydrotherapy. electricity. X-ray, muuge, etc
Modern. Ideally located. Send for literature.
California
Northwestern
Railway
The Picturesque Route of Callfarala. "^
DEER SEASON N0"W OPEN.
In SO5JOMA and MEXDOCTMO conatte* &*9
are very plentiful and their haunts only «•
day's ride from San Francisco.
BLACK BASS are biting freely to the Rus-
sian River around Guemevllle. Guernrwooa
Park and Camo Vacation.
The many trout stream* are- yieldlnir o»
trout In great numbers, even though toundreds
and hundreds have been fishing them, for the
past two months. _ .
THIS COMPANY rota tt own Msn Hatcnery
and every year stocks tbe ¦treams aton« it*
road.
So many people have returned from their 'va-
cation* since July 5th that there U P*«o«y °«
room now for sueats at the Resorta, Hotel*
and Summer Homes.
No months in the year are better for an out-
ing along the California Northwestern Rail-
way Usaa July, August and September.
Our "Vacation 1903" give* fall information
in restart to Hotels, Resorts. Bummer Home*
and Camping 1 Spots.
CALL or WRITE for a ecpy.
Ticket Offices. «50 Market et. (Chronicle,
building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot of Market
st; General Office, Mutual Life building, cor-
ner Sansome and California «ts., Saa Fran-
cisco.
H. C. WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RTAN. Gen'l Paas'r Aet.
PARAISO SPRINGS
M0NTEEE7 COUUTT. CAI>.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, flrst-class
table. Send for beautiful illustrated
booklet and rates to F. W. Schroeder,
Manager, or San Francisco Agent, n
Montgomery street.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive core for
ltrer and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage; $10 to 114 per week. Best trout fishing
in Lake County. Round-trip ticket, 8. P. of-
fice, $8. For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St., or address JOSHUA
SPIERS. Prop. ; mall v4a Middletown.
La Moine
Flrst-class betel en SHASTA ROT.TE: re-
centlj eniarced. furnishing' modern acvomrro-
datlocs. including electric llg^u. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento ltlv-
er. Finest scenery in the world. Two trains
daily to and from San Francisco. Go to sleep
in Oakland and wake up at I* Moine. and
vice versa. Terms reasonable. Address all
communications to CLIFFORD COGGIN3,
Her., La Moine. Cal.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
vllle. with a mile and a half frontage on ta»
Russian River. Tents in a beautiful grove oC
redwood, oak. madrone. laurel ard other treea.
A lovely valley of 150 acres. Buattn*. batfeinc
and fishing. Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco, $3 BO.
Take boat at Tlburon ferry. Address MR3.
L. C CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle. Sonoma County. Cal.
innttou TOCALOMA «g»
Bertrand Hctel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families A partlea: flshtn*.
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tele,
phone, JOS. F. BERTKXXD, or Bulletin office
every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m». or .No. bhore R. R-,
620 Market st.
OWN A H0ME I $35-t c - CAMP MEEKER
Free from tog and wind. Lota $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating, bath,
ing. tenting ground; sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Eausalito ferry. M. C. MEEKER. Cama
Meeker. Sonoma County.
WHITE SUXPHTJX SPBXBQS-lMost
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1, no stage fare. Only 2H hours' rtdej
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and plunr*
sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheumatism.
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomach)
diseases. Beautiful rrounds and lake for boat-
Ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowlln*
alley, croguet grounds. Rates. $10 a week «n.|
cp. Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
WITTER aiEDICAI. SFKI2TOS, Lak*
Co.. Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed table aad
best mineral water on earth: hotel open for
guests the ectlro year; positively cures Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Trouble*.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Ukiaa.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co., main of-
fice and water depot. 916 Market at.. S. F.. or
R. McCormlck. Witter Springs. Lake Co.. CaL
THE GET3EK3 — A first-class family
resort. Leon Coblents. formerly with Mar-
chand's and Dclmonlco. has entire supervision
of the cuisine and dlnlng-rocm. Swlmmlnc
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing: $10. $13
and $14 per week. $2 60 per day. Information
Cal N. W. Ry.. 650 Market st; also FABIU3
FERAUD. Prop.. The Oeyters. Sonoma Cs.
FES CADES O.
Swantoa House under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, ramous pebble
beach, fishing, hunticg. sea bathing. Phona.
Rates. $3 and $10 per week. W. L. STKVENd.
Proprietor.
BEAUTI7X7Z. CAMP MEEKEI^IIa
grand family resort in the redwood mountain*
of Sonoma Co.; climate and Witer perfect;
over 100 cottages already built; lots for salt:
boating,- bathing and ether amusements: excel-
lent table: rates $8 per week: take Sausaltta
ferry. Address H. M. GREGSON. Sole Prop.
rSEEUAlr HOTEL.
Auburn. Placer Co.. CaL Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In the foothm*. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electric Ught*.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietors.
VTXI.A POHTE3TA.Y — Plwt-clajw retort;
Santa : Cruz Mts. ; hotel, cottages: croyuet
tennis., billiards, bowling, amusement hall-
electric lights: table first crass; $lo to $14-
phone; campers' return tickets. $2 50; clrcu-
lars. J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
HOTEI X*A. HO2JDA — Situated In ta»
Redwoods. Good trout fishing. Telephon*.
BockUt. MRS. I. J. SSARS, La HtBda. Saa
Mateo County. CaL
AMONG THE PINES-- Alt. 8084 ft.
Wood's ranch; $6-$8 week: positive no con-
sumptives; write for pamphlet. Robt. B".
Warham. Applegate. Placer County. Cm.
EXITE H0T3L, Sonoma, Cal Peter
GOUAILHARDON. Prop. Newly renovated
and now open for summer guests. Rates rea-
sonable^
BESOESHEXBE — In the Sttnta Cruz red-
from dlpot. MRS. M. E. ACKER MAN* ,
- > . ".¦¦*¦¦¦¦. I*
We. perspire a pint a
day without knowing it ;
ought to; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
i. • ...
pimples. The trouble^goes
deeper, but this is troutye
enough.
If you use Pears 1 Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clear and soft and
open and clear.
Sold all over the -world.
"RAILWAY TBAVE-L.
California
Limited ... J
To CHICAGO
I/Bl^ An Ideal Train
[B@ SS] F° r Those Who
Seek the Best
6AUTA FE TRAINS.
¦ ' Leave Market-street Ferry Depot'
I Local I LinVd I Local | OVrl'd
t ' I Dally [/Dally | Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30 a .4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
" Merced 1:05 p 1:M p 1:28 a
" Fresno .... 2:40 p 3:20 p ....... 3:15 a
"Hanford .. 4:58 p 4:07 p ....... 7:60 a
"Visalla 4:55 p 4:49 p 8:00 a
" Bakersfield 7:15 p 6:00 p....... 7:35 a
" Kansas City ....... 2:85 a ....... 7:00 a
" Chicago ... ....... 2:15 p 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon. ...
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 : 55 a. m. dally.
0:30 a. m. Monday and Thureday Is the
CALITOENU LIMITED, carryl&ff Pal-
ace Sleeping' - Oars and - Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car cpns to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local flrst-clase pas-
sengers.* > No second-class tickets 1 are honored
on this train. Corresponding train" arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.- , v
9:30 a. m. Dalljm Valley Limited, Composite
Car and Beclinlng^hair Car between , Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco."' Corresponding " train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily. "
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. . dally. ,
8:00 p. m. Dally " Is the Overland ¦ Express
with through Palace and ¦ Tourist ¦ Sleepers and
Free • Reclining Chair ; Cars to Chicago; -: altu
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. - Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
. Personally conducted parties for Kansas City,
Chicago and East ¦ leave ¦ San Francleco , every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at' 8. p.- m.-
: Offices — ail Market street . and : In ; Ferry De-
pot, San Francisco; . 1112 S Broadway. 9 Oakland.
.Art --.- .-itWTTkmtritnmtmtntm . mmiT«MiiT»T ¦<
Ilighland
Springs
FOR .HEALTH- ¦
MINERAL TVATERS of proven efficaey. for
u»er, kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
enced in advising- their use (free). BATHS of
•JI kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE ,
Lars* Livery Stable and excursions to ether
resorta and points of interest, many ot whlek
can be made In on* day. REGULATION
ALLEY. TENNIS, CROQUET, PING-PONG.
SHUFFLE - BOARD. FREE ¦ SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA, DANCING six
nights of the week. Beautiful walk* aad
drives.
Telephones, express and postoffloe.
Hard-finished rcoma; flrst-class tabla; electno
Ilehts. . ,
Rates. $10 to $16 * week. V • _
For booklet and other information call on
P*ek"s Tourlat Bureau. 11 Montgomery »t-.
"Traveler** Bureau." G30 Market St.. or addres*
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
BARTLETT.
Known everywhere as the largest and most
choice mountain ' resort In the -Pacific States;
located In the scenic mountain region of Lake
County; elevation. 23T5 feet.
All kinds of amusements to occupy your
mind and the wonderful Bartlett Water to re-
pair your body; cool nights. • The climate is
the best in the world for health and there
are no mosquitoes or fieas. . ¦--•-".
Mineral, tub. steam and massage baths; large
swimming tank. "N?
Plenty of fine trout streams for the sports-
man.
, Two routes— Via Southern Pacific or. the Cal-
ifornia and Northwestern. '
Write J. E. McMAHAN, BARTLETT
SPRINGS. LAKE CO.. CAL.. or apply to
Water Office. £ Sutter street. San Francisco.
Pamphlet mailed free. ,
NAPA Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
JCapa Soda Spring*. Situated 1000 feet above
the -beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN A JACOBS. Napa Soda Spring*.
OPENS JULY 15th
iOTEL^pKELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
. DWIGHT WAT.' BERKELEY.
Equipment and Cuisine First-clas*.
.J.8. MARSTON, Manager.*
.Correspondence Solicited.
/ETNA SPRINGS
Hotel and cottage life with . flrst-class ser-
vice. Amusements of all kinds. World-famous,
bealth-restoring waters. Private conveyances
to m»>«t every train. Buy tickets to ¦ Aetna
Springs and return. Round-trie ticket* from
San Francisco $7.
. AETNA SPRINGS COMPANY,
Aetna Spring's, Napa Co., CaL '
gLUE
Our famous White Sulphur Spring- for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailment*. Plenty of
boating, bathing*, fishing and hunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation size. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlake
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
Gamp Gurry's Record.
390 Oucata in '99
_' . 400 Ouesti in .'00
715 Guests In '01
800 Guests in '02
900 Already in '03
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery st. (Peck's
Bureau), or 641 Market st. (Santa Fe office).
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New building; up to date
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished: large dlnlnc-room; -rooms en suite
with -private baths; hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class .plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous- country
around with all their pleasures; center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendoclno County.
$2 to $.1 60 per day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND, Manager. Wil-
llts,' Mendoclno County, Cal. .
Gilroy Hot Springs
For health ? and pleasure: ¦ water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney, liver : and stomach
trouble. * Trained z masseur. Long distance
phone. Trains from Third and Townsend at 9
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for pamphlets.- •
. R. ROBERTSON.
SUMMER HOME FARM
SANTA CEUZ MOUNTAINS.
Fine location, on creek, surrounded by giant
redwoods;, newly, furnished: everything for
comfort and pleasure. Send ¦ for booklet. ( H.
W. HAINES, prop./ Glenwood, , Cal., or call 11
Montgomery, St., Peck's Bureau. :, > ¦ «\ *
La Honda andPeseadero;
' Buy your : railroad ¦ ticket to Redwood City,
9 a m. train from Third and Townsend sts.
and' 9 :20 a ¦' m. train from San Jose ; connect
with stage direct. \ Address WALTER
KNIGHT. Redwood City. . - .'
HOTEL BON LOMOND,
* SANTA , CEUZ ' —OXnXTAUXS.
Now open." For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. or S. P. Co.. «13 Ltaxket st.
B. DICKINSON.; Prop.. Ben Lomond.. Cal.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming . pond. ; games, livery ; $9 to : 114 ¦ per
week. Booklets at Peck's/ 11 Montgomery st.-
cr H. H. McGOWAN. . Selgler. Laka , Co.. Cal.
BONWEiNOOK
-( Alt. : 4000 f t. : i hall mL sta. ; \ cottagrs. < tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. V. WIARD,
Towle. Placer County, .CaL -
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xralnt lea** ami arc dut to arrive at
t»AN* KUASCISCO. \,
(Mala Line. Toot cf Market gtret > +r
%M^rm — r*QM Jc»» 81. 1*». — Am»rra
' 74>Oa Be&ldk, 6olian. £imtr» ud Sacrf
tnr-nto 7-SS*
7J)0» V«c«Tt:iP. Winter*. Kum»eT 7£&T
7J0* Martinez. 6*n B*bm>b. Vallejo.
Ksp«,Cali«tcff«. SasUBocs 6.:5>
7304 Mifc I.itbrop. Stockton 7.26'
1-00* DavtA. Woodland. Knlcbts LMtdtoc
Maryirtlle. Or»TUle. (coscecU
at Msrrirtile tor Qrtilty.DitS*
mdCtiieo) 7-BE»
• A) a ACmstlo Espree^-Oajdea u>4 Baat. 10416a
6.00* Fort Coeta, Martinez. AnUoch. Br-
ron. Tr»cy . S u>ckton.8»cr« a en UK
Loc Banos. Mcndetm, DMtord.
VUalla. rortervllle misfit
8.00a Tort CocM. Marttsev Lsttrcnt, Mo-
desto, Merrrd. Firaao, G<«thea
Junction. Uacford. VU&llt,
Bakerfflrkl 6.25»
i.30A £b»»ta Expr<^» — Darii, Williams
(for BariYfit SpiiDCS). 'WIIJowa.
¦rPnito. It«d Dlnff. Portland 7X5»
1.30* yUfe. Saa Joee. LlTCT»»ore, Stoclt-
toD.IOBe.6Krrsnieoto,I*IacerTUla.
M»ry«Ti!»«. Ctlco. Ue4 Blnff 4.2S»
8. 50* Oskdsle. ChlBese. Jamestown. Bo
nors, Tnolsmne and Angels 42&S
SCO* Martlnex and Way SUtloc*. 6Bb>
1000a \t:>to 12.26*
• 10X0* CretcentClty Express. E*ttboond.
—Port Coet*. Byron. Tracy, La*
C&rop, Stockton. Merced. Cay
mond. Freno. HanfcriJ, Vlt&lla, "1
BAkenfleld, Los Angeles and ' I
Krw Oritsas*. CW^tbomod sr-
rlres »c Pviflc CoMt Kxpress,
vu Coast Llbe) «1-50l I
tOXJOA The. OTrrland Limited — Ugdea, <
Denrer, Omaha, Chicago. 8.2S*
12 00k V.ryrnTi. Mies and Way BuUobi. S.Z&V
niJOi- Sacrstoento Kl»cr Steamers- til.OOT
3^0p Benicia, Winters. Sacraaeoto.
WoodlasA. Wl'lluns. CoInu.WU- .
lows. Kclpb tt 1. and Ice. Mary*-
rllJe. OroTllleand way (tolloai.. 10 65*
SZOr Hayward.Kllcsaod'Way Suilcm.. 765* '
4X.0r MartlDrx.SaiiUunoa.Ta!le]o.Kap«,
Callstog*. Santa Ruaa. 8.28a |
44J0F MarilD<-t.Tr»cy.Lathrop.6toeltU«i. 10.25a
« O0p Nllet. LlTpmorc. 6iocktoD, Lodl.. 4.26» i
4.50r Bayward. Kllrs. lrTlagtca, Etn I 18.E5*. '
Jose, LlTennore f {11.65a
6X30* Tbe Owl Limited— FrMBO.Tnlare.
Bakercflcld. Los Anrel": con-
nects at £auguf ior Santa Bar-
bar* 8.68a i
E-CUr Port Cost*. Tracy, Stockton. Los
Banoc 1Z-2o> i .
tSSOr Mif«. Ban Jom Local 7.26a ; ¦
C00> Hayw*rd. Kile* and 6*n Jo»e 1025a 1
«X0p Oriental Wall— Orden. Denver.
Ocab*. K. Loula. Chicago tod
£uL (Carries Pul'.maa Car pas*
sregers enly out cf Bin Fran- j
Cisco. Tourivt r*r and coaeh :
pascetgera take ~M r. M. tralB I
to l->iiO, coDtlsolng tbeoee 1b
tbelr c*rs er.x.i rain eastward.. 4 -3%* !
VTeftbouiul, £aaaet Limited. —
From Kew Tork. Chicago, Sew
Orleacc. El Paeo. Los Asgelea,
Frerno. Bereoda. Raymond ( from
ToKinlte). Martinez. Arrives.. 858*
7XCr Em Pablo. Port Cocta, Murtlne*
and Way 6tatloca 11.25a !
J7X0P Tallejo 7£b* '
7-COr Port cctta, Bealda. £alsun. Darla,
Eacrase&to. Trucker, Beno.
Etopc at all ct*tloaa eait of
• Facractcto ...................... 7-65A
8XEp OregoB ft CaKTorcla Expr**»— S*e-
ramento, MarytTllle, Bedding,
Portland. Pnget &onad and Bast. 8-554
ttAOr Bay ward, Kile* sndEa&Joee (Sun-
day onlr) J11.B6*
11.£Er Port Coat*. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
cr*to. Mrrced. Raymond (to To-
eemlt*). Freaao 12 2E»
Hacford. Yl»a11a. BakersflelO B.£Ey
COAST LI N E <5arr»w Oa«g«).
<Ft»ot of Market 6treet.)
17^Sa fcactA crnx Excurtlon (Suaday
only) v a.10»
8-1Ea K'wnrl:. Centerrllle. ban Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek, fcants
Cruz and Way Statloos 6 26r
t2.1Sr Vewark, Centcrrtlle. Pas Jose.
Kew Almadrn. Loa Gatos.Felton.
Boulder Crrek, 6anta Cruz aad
Principal Way Statlont ......... 10.55a .
4-1fr Kewart, Ean jo%r. Loa Gatoe and
way stationt ton Saturday and
6unday rcm through to Santa
Cruz, connect* «t Feltoa for
Boulder Crwt Monday otly
from 6acM Cnit) fg-SSA
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From t AN t liA>CIScu. foot of Market St. (Sllp»
— 17:15 9:(*t 11:00 AJi. 14)0 300 6.16 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tt:O0 tfrfll
tS:Oi 10:00 a.k. 12 00 2-00 44)0 P.M.
COAST LINE (Itroid (iastf).
(Third and Tuwnaend Streeta.)
6.10a San Jo*« and W«y sutlone......... 7.30»
'7 CO* Ban Jo»-e and Way butloni 6.30p i
/7 00a Kew Almadeu.. SAABr
:7.16a Monterey and Sant* Cru Excsr
tlon <6aDday only) ... £8.30*
ot -CO * CoactLIneLlirlted — fitopaoBlySaa
Jofee.G:iroy.Bolllst<-r,PaJaro.C*s-
trorlJle, b*MDa». 5rn Ardo, Pas*
Bctilp*. Esnt*Marf:arita,Ean Lclt
ObUpo.(piicrJpalftatloD» thence)
Bant* Barbara, snd Los Aa-
relra. Connection at Cactrorin*
to and from Monterey an<i Paclfie
Gro\e and at Pajaro north bound
. from Cafltw!a and Sant*Crnz.... 10.4SV
I«Ca San Jo»e. Tr« Plnoa. Capltola,
fctLCtuCrui. Pacific GroTe.Sallnaa,
6«n I.via Oblspo and Principal
Intennrdlsu- Station* 4.10V
Wenbcuud only. Parlfir. Cowl Ex-
erw».— Frcm Kew Tork,CIilc*po,
Kew Orleana. El pseo. Lot An-
¦m m - rel "« Sant> r '« rb «»- ArriTes.. t.SO>
J0-»2 A Can Jose » n<s Wa > Statlona 1.20»
1120a fu Jote. Loa Gat on and Way SU-
tloo» , 6 3Ep
«1 iDP Eaii Jom snd Way Statloca y 74)0p
* COP 8en Jote and Way butlona {B.«0a
UJXOi-Del Monte Fxprr»«_Sant» Oara. * B^ 1—
« fesn J<*e. Pel Moctc. Monterey,
1'aclCc Grove (conurctc st Sact*
Clara for Santa Cm, Boulder
Creek and Karrow Genre Po!nte)t12.1&a
olZCr CorllDptt&e. S»n >latec. Redwood.
MrnloPark. Palo Alto. Miyfield,
*! curtain Virw. Lawrrnce, Sacta
Clara, tnn Jow. Gllroy (connee>
tlcn for Ballliter. Tree Pinot),
f'ejaro <cuccrctlon for Wauon-
vUle. Capltola and Sacta Crnz),
I'm if.c (jjo\r and way aUtlona.
Conoectc at CattrovlUe for fca-
. T - ' 1'n»»— 10<Sa
»4J0> Eas JoacaL' Way Ktat!on» 8.36a
cnXlOr ttn Jote. (via Ract* Clara) Lot
Gatoc. Wright and Principal TVay
Station* ... tH-OO*
«J6^0f t-.-.r Jon-nnd Pr!nripa|Way8ta'tlont 18.00a
01S.1EP fcac Mateo, nerctford.Iteimont.8tn
Carlo, ltrdnoot. Fair Oaks.
McnJoPark. Palo Alto tS46A
tZOr b»n Jote and Way S tat lor t 8 SfiA
c/XOp Sucect Limited. Ka*tlK>orxl.— Saa
Lcl> Obitpo. Srtcta )lart>ar*. Los
Acgeies. l«-wi!r»r. El Paao. New
Orleane, Krw Vork. (Wtettotsnd
. .. ..•iJTrsTl* Mb JciKjuln Valley)... »r8.?5*.
e.CCr Palo Alto and Way fitsllons........ 10.15a
Sil.^Oi Mlllbrae, l'tjo Alioand Way btv
tlona ......... " «q jc.
• HiOPMlllbrae, 6an Joc'e" and*W*ay*6t*^
Uop * a> - 4| 5g
5l f.f,.S rJ1 '' r J 1 ? 1( -. FforAft«rno<m."~"
X taturtay and Sunday only.'.
'. fctci » at all atatlona on Sunday.
". Sunday ezcepted. t Snnday OBlJ.
*¦ Saturday ocly.
cCocLect* atGotben Jc with trains for Hanfar*.
Vlsall*. At Kretno. for Vlaalla Tla Banger
*V1* c.»f i Line. / Tuesday and Friday.
« Arrive via Kllea. », Dally ezcepi Saturday. »
tr Vj* £an Joaqnln Valley.
". Stopt Saeta Clara aonth bound only. Connect*,
exi ppt Sunday, for all pointa Karrow Caere.
slii** not stos at Valescla El.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Crave fi» Sittalito F«rrr Arrive
Saa Fran. Hot allUrfcrt St. San Fran. "
Week | Sun- _^^jiAe Sun- Week
T>xy%.j da>t >«WS?^
V:4Ba »:OOa ft?«5*^t*S A5t:«»ON57T5X
I:45p 9:00a &&SEV&H 12:A0r3:20 P
8:16rlO:OOA y&BgySj 3:3Of> 5:50p
_____ l:SOp 6:«ftp
latw^ayt «Jt. Ian » B:Z0r,tmni~T. ll:3Or
ri«.l*r i 626 Matwt St.. (North Shore Kailroad)
tff JCRS ) and Sausalito Fkrbv Foot Market Si
Weekly Caii,. S per Year
: IMPOBTAKT AWN OUHCEMEHT.
Change In the Ownership " and 5 Management of
: . TUSCAN MINEKAI. j SFBINOS,
Located 9 Miles Northeast of Red Bluff, on the
line of the Southern Pacific, Railroad.
The undersigned begs- to Inform the public
that It has succceeded to ¦ the ownership and
management of these famous Springs and -it is
their purpose to conduct . them v in.' a • manner
that will Insure such j care an* comfort to "He
patrons as will be thoroughly satisfactory.
Particular attention will be given to the cuisine,
and dining-room * service.' . It ¦ is
the Intention of the new. owners to extensively
Improve and beautify, the property. '.which, add-
ed . to the . marvelous curative | properties j of the
various Springs' in cases of .Gout, Rheumatism,
Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel; Diabetes, . Kid-
ney troubles of every, variety,";Urinary troubles.
Skin ' Diseases, : Dyspepsia, - Cystitis ¦ and ¦ Blood
Diseases of • every ¦ description, • will " place I the
•TUSCAN SPRINGS? .. In the front rank of the
famous mineral springs ¦ of : the world. . ••
-Casps -of RHEUMATISM. GOUT," AND ALL
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE- ACCEPTED
UNDERA GUARANTEE THAT THEY, WILL
BE CURED WITHIN -A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. . INCLUDING . RAIL.
WAY FARE.' WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs ,; can be ; reached by
the Southern Pacific Company's System of Rail-
ways and Its connections throughout the United
States. 1 • .- ; ¦: ;"¦¦¦¦ :?. -.-i : :'¦:•' •' •¦¦.¦;
Tnscan Mineral Springrs * Corporation. '
;.8t.-ige. and 'Automobile "transfer; service be-'
tween Red Bluff and Tuscan Springs. . ¦; •
¦-•¦ For rates of ' fare ' and routes of : travel apply
to anyBouthern Pacific R. R.' Agent.
Elfil C CT1PI EC Uklah.. Tourists. ;camp-
CAULC 5 1 ABLE J »rs ( hunters. ; Writ* to U,
' A. ' Eldred for rates for any kind ot turnout. -
The Best Way East
If yoa enjoy grand scenery there's
only one way for you to go east— via
Salt Lake City, Denver and the Bur-
lington Route, the eceaic line across
the continent.
Burlington tonrist cars by this way
leave California three times a week for
the East. There are no changes or
delays— yon go right through to Omaha
and Chicago, or Kansas City and
EL Louis. Connections at these cities
for all points beyond.
Scenic attractions are not all — will be
glad to toll yon about the others.
Call if you can, but write me a line
if you can't.
W. 0. SANBORN. Qen'l Agent Burlington Route,
631 Market St. San Francisco, Cal.
! GX Phone. Main 1188.
| 1— — — -I
¦ _ —
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
XAZLWAT COMFAJTT.
Tlburon g:rry, x*oot of Market St.
¦ SAW 7SASTCXSCO TO BAR BJirASL.
! WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30, 3:40, 6:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
d. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 6:00. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:4a 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
BAIT RAFAEL TO SAW FBAZTCXSCO.
¦ WEEK DATS— «:05. 0:00, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40, 0:00. 6:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
! SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p. m. fEx-
cept Saturdays. -
Leavo I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 8, 1903. |San Fra.ncls<y}.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. 1 tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 8:00 a I&naclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a S:O0a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p tf:30a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p aad 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
6:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p -•- 7:25 y
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. |7:25p 7:23 p
7:30aj 7:30 a| Wllllts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p"
8:00a| 8:00 a I Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Queroevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10p|5;10p| .Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p] 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
! STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
fe'prlngs; at Fulton Ior Altruria and Mark
West Spring*; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Sprlnjs, High-
land Spring*. Kelsevrllle, Carlsbad Springs,
8oda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake; Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside, Llerly's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville, Orr*s Hot Springs. Half-
way House." Comptche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, M«-ndocino City, Fort Bragg, Westport,'
Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg, Westport,
Sherwood, Cahto. Covela, Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,,
Garbervllle Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced r»te«
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. '
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
__~ ~_ TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADIRO,ETC
via Sausalito Perry
WEEK" DAYS "(Holidays excepted)— 6:45.
1»7:45, 8:45. 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20, »1:45. 3:15,
4-15 {5:15. »<l:15. 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8 t*9. t*10, 11.. tll:30 a. m.. fl2:30, fl:30.
2-35 *3:50. 6, 6," 7:30. 9, 11:45 p. m.
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:16 p. m. train runs
tO FRO r M"sAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Week day? — 5:25. t«:25, 7:40, 8:15. i9:35.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. :3:45. 4:50. 6:30. 6:45.
10'20 D. B>.
SUNDAYS— 6:16^ 7:35 t8:10. 8:40, JI0:55.
111-45 a. m.. 12:60. 2:30. $3:25, 4:40. :5:60,
«:B5. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (}) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CiPCO— Week days — 5:45, 6:40, 7:45, 8:25.
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5:16. 5:10. 7:o£
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:35. 7:55, 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1:05 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. ,
7:45 a. m.. week Cays-j-Cazadero and way
stations. ' ",
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays exceptAjU-
Tomfiles and way stations. ' i •
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Caradero and way
stations. -
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., C&za-
dero and way stations. ¦
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations. '
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market st. •
FERRY— Foot of Market at.
fCoal 'Reduction 1
2000 Pounds . /
Put in' Your Bin
AMERICAN CANNEL $10
\^ Sold by All RcUabla Pealcn. u
RAILWAY TBAVEL. ___*______
] Tdurist Cars to Chicago
] Rock Island tourist sleeping cars run through to
Chicago and to hundreds of places besides Chicago— - .
Omaha, Kansas City, Des Moines, St. Paul, Minne-
\ apolis, St. Louis, Memphis, etc" Connecting cars, '
V Chicago to Boston.
Mcrt cc^r-''^ system of tourist cars across the t j<«ss^»B|||^^^^
crr.v.v.rr.x. Choice ol ro'Jtrs— "5outh<rrn." ria El Paso;
">:ec:r. :: T;*£a!t Lake C:ty tad Colorado Spriafs. B TlTl^klHlIlD
S:x pcrsonill* condocttd rxcunions every wefL Bll'l"\'8Ml t IH'B
i Fr'd-r p:vi3£ lull ir.fcrsition raaiW on 'request. ftaNBfaTiiK*
TuJteu at Southern Pacific ticket cfices. I U 1 1 !£&¦
fc»3 Miikrt St., Saa Trandsco, CaL ¦¦' VChan ged a . Confederate Not e.
' The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock,? delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steer*. % 8®9c: ' Cows and Heifers,
708c: thin Cows, 4©5c per Ib*^" :" ;
. CALVES — 4®5V4c per ,lb (gross weight).
6HEEP— Wethers, 4c: Ewes, 3tt©3.%c P«r Ib
(gross, weight).'"- • ¦' ' .'
LAMBS— Spring, $2 75©3 per. head. .
.HOGS— Uvs Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 8K©S#c;
under 140 1 lbs, : 5 %<&&:; Sows, 20 per cent oft;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
, ar BEEF-«%«7Hc for Steers and 5W«6Mic per
: b VEAL^Large, 7©Sc; small. 9®9Hc per lb.
> MUTTON— Wethers. 8®«c; Ewes, SS&Hc
? e LAMB-'BpTing",.'l0@10%e per lb. % .
• PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%®9%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
All conditions remain unchanged.
-. DRESSED . MEATS.
Potatoes,' Onions and Vegetables.
Conditions In the Potato market were without
change. New white in"boxes and sacks arrived
freely and only choice etock was steady. Cheap
stock was neglected and prices still had a wide
range. Receipts of Garnet Chiles and Early
Rose were very light and prices were. largely
nominal. Old Oregon- Burbanks ttere offering
freely at previous prices and found few buyers.
The steamer that arrived from Portland on
Sunday had no fresh supplies. The markel
was heavily stocked with Onions and prices
were easier. '> ¦
Most descriptions of vegetables arrived freely
and as the demand was less brisk than on Sat
urday, prices of . sm-eral kinds : were lower.
Bummer Squash and Cucumbers were* In ex
cessive supply and lower, there being large
quantities of carrled-ovcr Btcck on hand. To
matoes were firmly held at $2:^2 25 per box In
the early morning, but found few- buyers at
those figures and prices were promptly reduced.
Green : Corn and Asparagus were steady and
choice String and Lima Beans sold oft well at
good prices. - Chile Peppers and . Okra were
easy. Bell Peppers were very scarce and firm.
Egg Plant sold at a wide range, as to size of
New White, 50c@$l 25 per ctl
in sacks and 76c@$l 50 in boxes; Early Rose.
75c@$l: Garnet Chiles. $1@1 16: old- Burbanks
from Oregon, $1 20@l 60 per ctl.
ONIONS— 55007 %c per ctl.
' VEGETABLES— Green - Corn, $101 50 p, r
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 25®2:, from
Berkeley, : Asparajrus. $1@2 60 per box:
Green Peas, 3#4c- per lb; String Beans, 2^©
4o per lb; Wax. 2%@4c; Lima Beans. - 7@Hc
per lb; Tomatoes. C0®75c for small boxes and
$1 60@2 for large boxes from the river; Sum
mer Squash, 60<g75c per 1 , box ; Cabbage. 75c®$l
per ctl; Carrots. 75c(S$l. per sack; Cucumbers.
25®30c per box from Marysville and 60©75o for
bay; Garlic." 2^®3c per lb; Dried Peppers, 5o
per lb; Green Peppers, 75c©$l per box for Chile
and $1 50®2 for Bell; Green Okra. 75c@$l per
box; Egg Plant. $1@1 60 per box. r • -A v
Poultry arid Game.
. Two cars of Western Poultry were marketed.
One car was ottered for sale in the open market
Elsie Simmons, a petite blonde 22 yeara
of age, waa arrested in Hale Brothers'
store yesterday afternoon by Special Offi
cer Keal and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of petty larceny. He saw
her steal a pair of stockings and a veil
and. place them in a satchel. There were
other articles In the satchel, which. It Is
alleged, she stole from the Emporium
and the 15-cent store near Hale .Brothers'
establishment. She was in tears when
brought Into the prison and declined to
say anything about herself or why she
took th« articles.
Accused of Shoplifting.
! Ala A W r.s. — — Do 5s — — •
Bay CPC 5s. — 105% Do con 5s — —
i C C G&E Cs. — 107% Ok W C g5s — 100
Cal G & E g Oceanic SC5s 75 83
m and ct5s — — Om C R 6s.l24 125
Cal-st C 5s. — — Pmt G Impls 9« —
C C Wat 5a. — 105 P E Ry 5s. — 108
Ed L & P Cal28 — P A C R 6s. — —
F Cl R Cs.116% — P & O R Ca. — —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st 6s.ll6U —
II C&S 5V.s.lO2«4 — HE G&R5s. — 104
C H & S 5s. 9S lfK) SF & SJV53. — 120%
I Hon R T «'.s. — H»S S R of C 69.110UU2V.
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6a
L A Ry 53. — HB'i (190tt> — 1C.8V,
L A L C Cs — — U»10) 10SH —
Do gtd (is. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. 100 — (19C5)Sr A.103Vjl04
LAP lem 5sl»WV,104M! (lSHXS)Sr B. — 105^
Mkt-st C 69.122% — (1!KM?) ....— VttV*
',¦ -Do' lem 5s.tl»3i — (1012J — • 118H»
1 >; R of C 6s. — 100 S P C lcgSs.120% —
i Do 5a — 120Vi Do stmpd. — HOVi
i N P C RR5s — HJSVi S P B R «3. — 140
, N C Ry 5a. — 114% |S V Wat 0s. — 107%
i N C P C 5s. 100 — ¦ Do 4s 2dm.lOO% —
N S R 5s.. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. — lOOVi
¦ O G L II 5-s.HO — Stkn G&E 6s — 101 )
¦Oak T Cs.. — 122 lU O & E 5a.lO6 105V1
I WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 5S 61 IVort Costa. . 64 C6%
Marin Co .. C0% — ISpring Val.. 85 ST.%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4% — Sac E G'& R 30* —
Eqult Gas... 4% 13t'» S F G A E. 67}J CS
Mutual E L. 12% 13H 3 F Gas ... 8 3%
pac G Imp.. — 54 -^kn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co .. - 57 IT G & E ... 34% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIF: 7ATES.
S F G A E. 66 67 /
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.125 — ]Lon P«& A. .165 —
Anglo-Cal ..94 — Merch Trust. — 260
Bank of Ca!.542% — Merch Ex .. 55 75
C S D" & T..U2%160 8 F Natlonl — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — 2275 Sav A L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mut S Bank. 05 — Union T Cc2l50 —
S F Sav U..GO0 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California..-— 205 [Presidio ....— 45
Geary — • 60 J
POWDER.
Vlgoijt — 5%'GJant 71% —
SUGAR.
liana P Co. . — — Kllauea S C 5 9
Hawaiian C. 43 ¦ 45 Makawell a. — 25
Honokaa S C 12% — Onomea 3 C. 22% 22%
Hutch S P C 13% 15U Paauhau S C 15% 17 ¦
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Fackl50 — Oceanic S Co "V, 7%
Cal Fruit A« S3% — Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As — 99 K Pac C Borax.)66 —
Morning Session.
35 Alaska Packers' Association 150 60
20 California Wine Association 93 87%
35 Giant Powder Con 72 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp KJ 00
Street —
$7000 S V 4 pr ct bonds (2d mtge.)....10O 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Giant Powder Con... 72 00
300 liana Plantation Co 25
$1000 Hawaiian C A 8 Co. 5 pr ct 93 00
10 Honokaa Co 12 50
20 Oceanic S S Co 7 25
195 'Onomea Sugar Co 23 50
IS Trustees' ctfs S F Gas A Electric. 6« 60
15 Trustees' ctfs S F Gas & Electric. . 67 00
$1300 U S 3 pr ct bonds (coup.) 108 25
Street—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 150 50
$1000 N P C R R 5 pr ct bonds ltW 50
$4000 United Gas & Electric 5 pr ct. .. .105 00
CALIFORNIA STOCK AND OIL' EXCHANGE.
Stccks — .»;- -- ¦* •-- -¦ Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co.... 4...V.... -: .- < 85
Four Oil .' '. ;........ .... I 71
Hanford Oil 119 00
Home Oil ......V... 3 00 *. 3 05
Imperial Oil .".../...¦./ 19 00
Independence Oil ." .18 ¦ 17
Junction Oil ;.....' '•"¦ ; 21 22"
Kern O1J 500 " 5501
Lion Oil 05 06
Monte Crlsto OU 95 1 00 '
Monarch OU 6.3 65
Oil- City Petroleum '. 30 32
Peerless OU * 14 25
Reed Crude Oil 39, 40
San Joaquln OU ." « 6 75
Sterling Oil , 3 00 - 3 10
Thirty-three OU 7 BO 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil 4 C5
Union Oil G8 00
United Petroleum 118 00
West Shore OU 3 25
• Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement . 1 20 • 1 40
Alameda Sugar 29 OO
American Biscuit . ?. .......... 35 00 100 00
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cat Central Gas & Electric....' .... ....
Cat Cotton .Mills .........' 85 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club ....: 105 00
California Powder ....
California Shipping Co 25 00 30 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Banuk of Oakland .... 60 00 ....
Chutes Company 8 50
City and County Bank; ¦. ....
Cypress Lawn Improvement Co 6 12% ....
Eastern Dynamite '.". ....
Ewa Susrar Plantation ....
Equitable • (Pool) Gas ......... .... ....
Gas Consumers' Association... ..-. . -22 60
Honolulu Sugar . ..... .... 10 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd.)..'. ....
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal Power 9 75
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Rallrcad 10 00 ,...
Orpheum Company 16 00 ....*
Pacific Mates Tel &' Tel... 122 60
Parifflne Paint ...:..•..... 33 00 ...".
Postal Device & Improvement. .... ....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00 ....
Sausallto Land & Ferry 16 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company .... ....
Standard Electric .... IS 00
Truckee Electric ..13 00. is 00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easier.- Creameries, n»A@19«£c;
dairies. lCifflSc. Eggs unchanged at mark,
cases included, 12V4@Uc. Cheese strong, 10@
11 '4c.
Foreign Futures:
LIVERPO0L. '-. : '-y
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening «.«% 6 3^ 6 S%
citing : paris 62% 62%
Wheat— July. ' Nov. -Feb.
Opening • 24 90 22 35
Closing 25 05 22 30
Flour-
Opening 32 85' 30 15
Closing ..82 75 30 15
NEW YORK. July 20.— The: statement of
the visible supDly of grain In store and afloat
Saturday, July 18, «s compiled by: the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows;' Wheat,
13.067.000 bushels; decrease. 1,244,000 bushels.
Bsrley, 7,619,000 bushels; increase, 172.000
bushels. Oats, 4,191,000 bushels; increase, 140,-
Visible Grain Supply.
CHICAGO, July 20. — CATTLE — Receipts,
23 000. Strong to 10c higher. Good to prime
steers, $5 20® 5 65; poor to medium, $4 25©
5 15; «tocker« and feeders, $2 60@4 CO; cows,
$1 <;oj/4 60; heifers, $2 2.Vr?T<; canners, $1 65&>
2 00; bulls, $2 60©4 35; calves, $3@0; Texas
fed steers. $3 60® 4 C5.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 34,000; to-morrow.
20,000: left over, 3000. Active; strong. Mixed
and butchers. $5 3005 78; ' good to choice
heavy, $5 UOftS 70; rough heavy, $5 25@5 55;
light, $5 40©5 77%. • , .
SHEEP— Receipts, 30.000. Sheep, 10®25c
lower,' lambs, strong. ; Good to choice wethers,
$3 WW4; fair to choice mixed, $3(?3 60; West
ern sheep and yearlings, - $3 25<{H; native
lambs, $4®6 40; Western lambs, $5 60®6.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
S 2 = • » o <
n »«. <t Z. as <»• 5? 3-jr
saaa & ? g* ss si
STATIONS. i§ I 3 I- *" -S >
3 3 1° : :
jig?: : j
Cloverfiale ...» *0 f.2 Clear 77T.
f'oluf* »l 63 Clear
Kmrka .V? .'.2 .... Cloudy SW 8
Fresno 90 M .... Clear W Lt
Hanford 02 51 .... Clear
liollieter ...... 77 53 .... Lt Fog
Ind*>i>en<Jence .Ml C1 .... Clfar FR 22
King City .... R2 47 Clear N Lt
Llvermore .... 72 ZA .... Clear
I>oi> Angeles ..76 M Clear N 10
Najia 76 63 Clear SW ..
N.-wrr.sr. ...... «J 80 Clear
Palermo M 4'J .... Clear
I'orterviMe .... 9J 55 .... Clear NW ..
Red Bluff MJ 68 Clear SE 10
Riverside *<J M> .... Clear
EaTimonto ... 76 52 .... Clear JJ J4
Pan I'kiro C8 €2 .... Clear SW 6
F"r?.r,cisco. d. DO .... Cloud jr w< "^10
Fan Jose 72 ZA Clear
8 L. <(Wfixi .. m 4S .... Clear W 8
Panta Marii... CS f3 Oar W ...
f=ar.ta Rosa .. 74 48 .... Clear
Etockton Rl ts .... Clear
Willows tsl C2 .... Clears
Total sales 701,900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS, OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 20.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions— 2000 at '76^,
6000 at 7«%. 7000 at 76%.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
HolIUter— Fruit ripening slowly on account
of cool weather.
RIverKide — Labor somewhat scarce, retarding
fcjirvmtinx romewhat
-Hartford— Excellent weather for ripening
fruit; - r- _• :- all in good condition.
N»"trrnan — Conditions the same.
Na?»- Foggy mornings; prunes rood slse;
nv-clium crojj.
V.'ll!ow« — Too damp for harvesting this morn
ing.
CoIum— Wheat turning out good; peaches
will- be light <rop.
Portcn-llle— All green deciduous fruit shlp-
IJvcrmore — Phylloxera worst s»er known in
t!:!s i-al!ey.
Clot*Tda.Ie — Favorable conditions for all
kinds of fruit.
Har.ta Rosa — Weather cod and favorable for
fruit..
Karitm Maria— Third week of cool weather
witb foggy mornings; favorable for growing
crops.
Pal enno— Olive crop developing »nd prom
ises a larger yield then anticipated earlier.
King City — Harrestlog about completed;
litht eras estimated.
Articles — x "¦ Receipts.- Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....: 16.236 16,372
Wheat, bushels 79.590 . 18,325
Corn, bushels 277,700 705,022
Oats, bushels ..346,550 244,606
Rye, bushels 4,750 .........
Barley, bushels 20,000 • 12,000
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands seii
about 1 tec und"*r quotations. Heavy salted
SteerD, lO^c: medium, 9%c; light. SVac; Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and «Hc for light; Stags,
7c Salted KId. 9c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf. 10%c: dry Hides, l«*4c; dry Kip, 14c;
dry Calf, .19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@:t0c
each: short wool. 40006c each; medium, 700
We- lone wool, $l«l 50 each; Horse Hide*,
salt $2 76 for large and $2 50 for medium, $2
for small and 60c for Colts; Horse HIdee. dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium, $1S1 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dr>
Mexican. a2»4c: dry salted Mexican. 20c: dry
Central American. 3Jc. Goat : Skins— Prime
Angoras. 76c: large and smooth.' 6Oc; medium.
35c: small. 20c. ¦
TA1;L.OV/— No. 1 rendered. 5@5t£c per Ib-
No. 2. 4Vi«+% c : greaBe,--2H©3%c. .
WOOL— Fall cllu— San Joaquin Lambs', 9©
lie Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Huniboldt and Mendoclno, lS®20c; Foothllj.
defective. ll«M3c: Nevada, 12Q!15c; 6an Jon
ouln. defective. 9@llc per lb: Southern, U®
lie- Valley Oregon, fine. 17©lSc: do, medium.
10®17e;-do.- coars«, 15016c: Lambs', 15c njer
pound. ¦ " '
HOPS — The market is reported as showing
more tone and snles from dealers to brewers
at 21(S'-'2Wc at the close of last week' are re
ported. The Sacramento growers report bids
of-ltf'ic- lor-MHW crop. The feeling appears
more orlesa unsettled, and the growers are
Inclined to hang on with more firmness, basing
their views on prospectlvely. lighter crops this
•year than last. '.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 C0@3 70; Pea. $3 250
3 60; Butters, $3 25; small White, $3 15@3 30;
large White. $2 9003 15: Pink, $2 S5&3 10;
Red $2 00@3; Lima, $3 45®3 tiO; Red Kidney*,
nominal; Blackeye. $2 60@3 per. ctl : Horse
Beans, $1 25@l S5. . * ¦ . ;
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Muetard, nominal; Flax, $1 90^2: Canary, 5V4o
for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal: Rape, l^iguuc;
Timothy, fl@«V6c; Hemp, 3Vi@3U C per lb; Mil
let. 3@3%c, Broom Corn Seed, $18620 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green,. $2@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hour* en<Jing 5pm
120th meridian time, San Francisco, July 20:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; about unchanged. No. 2 red wheat, 75
<j7«e; No. 2 corn. 4ftc: No. 2 yellow, 49c; No. 3
white oats, 34ig36ttc; No. 2 rye, 49@52&c;
good feeding barley, 42c: fair to choice malt
ing, 47© 50c; No. 1 flaxseed, 91c; No. 1 North
western. 95%c; prime timothy seed. $3 45;
mees port, per barrel, $14 10014 15; lard, per
100 pounds, $7 75@7 80; short ribs sides (loose),
$8 2(t!g8 37%; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%
©7%c: short clear sides (boxed), 8%<§S%c;
clover, contract grade. $12® 12 50.
The Jury to try the case of Bernard
•Whltelaw, one of the three thugs who
brutally beat and robbed Mrs. Emma \.
Matthews a* l!rs residence, of her daugh
ter. Mrs. Ida Tuttle. 543 Halcht street, on
the afternoon of March 4. waa Impaneled
in Judge Cook's court yesterday. The
jury consists of Peter A. Flnegan. Zach
ary T Barber. Abraham Eber. William
J Gray, Hugh Judge, Charles A. Bow
man George Schafer. Frank Mahon. An
ton C. Anderson. "William Sorensen. James
B. Barber and Peter N. Butt.
The defendant Is represented by Attor-^
n^y W. H. Barnes and the people by Dis
trict Attorney Bylngton and Attorney
Lindsay of Santa Crux. Whltelaw Is the
one who boat Mrs. Matthews on the head
with the butt end of a revolver. The tak
ing 1 of evidence will commence this morn-
Michael Nolan and John Davis, the oth
er' two thugs; were also In court, and At
torney Schooler announced that he had
withdrawn as council for them. Nolan
said he wanted time to procure money so
that he could choose his own attorney,
but the Judge said he must be prepared
to go on after the conclusion o# White
law's trial. --; J'\ ¦;.'.
Attorney Schooler Withdraws as
Counsel for Michael Nolan
and John Davla*
JUBY IS IMPANELED
FOB WHTTELAWS TBIAL
Notwithstanding receipts of 1107 tons, the
Hay market was reported firm with an ad
vance in wheat and oat descriptions. The de
mand was good. Bran and Middlings were firm
and unchanged.
BRAN— $24^25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27©30 per ton. .
SHORTS— $24<8'25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFB— Rolled Barley. $22®23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®26 50:
Jobbinir. $27027 60: Cocoanut Cake. $20«21:
Corn Meal. $27 60(g28 60; Cracked Corn. $28 50
(g29 60: Mixed Feed, $22Q:23; Horse Beans.
$30 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $1KS13: Wheat and Oat.
$10012 CO: Oat, $10(812; Barley, $S 50-SJO 50:
Clover. $9#10; Stock, 17 50BS 50; Alfalfa, $80
10 per ton.
STRAW— 35®0Oc per bale.
Hav and Feedstuifs.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2 —
July, old 75% 76 75)4 75%
July, new 75% 75% 75)4 75V*
September, old.. 76% 7«94 75% 75%
September, new. lti% 70% 75% 75%
Corn, No. 2 —
July 48% 48% 4S% 48)i
September 49)4 - 49% 48H 48%
December 48% 48% 48 48
Oats. So. 2 —
May 35)4 35% 34% 34%
July 37)4 37% 36% 37
September 32%- 32% 31% 81%
December 33% 33%' 32% 32«|
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 14 10
September'. 14 40 14 45 14 25 14 30
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 7 75
September 8 02% 8 07% 7 90' 7 92%
October 7 75 7 80 7 67% 7 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 8 35 « 37% 8 35 8 37%
September 8 60 8 50 8 37% 8 40'
October 8 10 8 10 8 00 8 02%
Cloufiy cr ferry weather prevails along the
coart c£ Northern California and cloudy
weather over the plateau and Rocky Mountain
regions. Light showers have fallen In Arizona
and Southern Utah.
Th* prer«ure has f«!lrn rapidly over Wash
ington and Oregon en 1 rli>en slowly over the
southern half cf the Par-'.Sc Slop*. A trough
of low pressure overlie* the plateau region and
«n ar»a of hich r.r»«<ure is central off the
Central California ccast.
Th«» terftperat-jr* h** fallen decidedly over
Arizona and Southern Utah and remained
nearly stationary in other districts. It Is be-
Icw the normal ever the southern portion of
the Pacific Slope and above over the northern
half.
Forecast ma<Se at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 21:
Northern California— Tuesday cloudy or foggy
alcr.g the coa«; fair in the Interior; freea
westerly wiM.
Southern California— Tuesday fair; light west
mind.
Nevada — Cloudy TueE/Jaj\
Pan Franrinco aM vicinity — Fair Tuesday
except cloudy or fmrey In the morning and at
eight; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSO.V, Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in charge.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 403
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 3O"tf
4 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 70<g>4 per
bbl for Family and $3 7O®4 20 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices • In packages are as
(ollows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
Flour $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour $7-
Corn Meal. $3 25: extra cream do $4-' Oat
Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $4#4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 6004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Fa
rina. $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $6 75"ft8 60: In sacks. $6 2508 10-
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peas, boxes. 17-
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. ".'
Flour and Millstuffs.
Chicago was lower and reported the demand
disappointing, with plenty of Hogs and stocks
getting burdensome. Several Western centers
report large stocks, and the supply of meats is
evidently increasing everywhere. . „
This market continues quiet and unchanged.
: CURED MEATS— Bacon 12%c per Ib for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 16- for light. 15% C
for extra light. 17%c for sugar-curea and Ija
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, 15%c; California Ham?, 14%@l5c; Men
Beef, $11 50012 per bbl; extra Mess, Sll'tp
12 50; Family. $13 50; Drime Mess Pork. »1»»,
extra clear, $26; Mesa, $20; Dry Salted Pork.
12%c: Pig Pork, $2$; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Ileef, 16c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7«4c per lb for
compound and U94©10)4c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. <104T10%c; 10-lb tins. 10%@>llc; &-lb
tins, 10%®ll%c; 3-lb tins, 10>4@li)4c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.
Provisions.
FRUITS— New Apricots'. 7@8c; old Evap
orated Apples. - 4tt'."l%c; sun-dried. .'5@4c-
Peaches 4©5%c; Pears. 4{?4%c for quarters
and 5@0%c for halves; Nectarines. 4Jf5c for
white; Plums. 4(g«ic for pitted and 1@1% C for
unpltted; Figs. 3%®4c for black and 4g5c
f °PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2»8®2%c for the four
slses, with %@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 00-lb boxes. 6%c per
lb* 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, Oc; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 6c; Seedless Sultanas. Cc; Seedless
Thompsons. 6%c: 2-crown London Layers. 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes. $2 60; tt-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes, $3: Seeded, f. a b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice. 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshel), 12)*ffl3c-
No. 2, 10%®H%c; No 1 hardshell. 11%©U' C ;
No. 2, 10©ie%e; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
lO^Sllc for 1 XL, 10@10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8©8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5@7o
for Eastern; Pecans, ll&13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
e5. ' - ¦ t ,
HONEY— Comb new. nominal; /new water
white extracted. 5%@Cc; light amber extract
ed 6@5%c; dark, nominal.
iiEKSWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruit s,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
CHICAGO, July 20. — Free offerings, with
lack of support, was responsible for the weak
ness In wheat to-day. September, which
opened with a loss of «*0)£c at 70%c to "S^;
and sold up early at 70%c under the liquida
tion, later, In which pit traders and commis
sion houses Joined, influenced by the good
weather and crop reports, reacted to ~t>%c,
where It closed with a loss of lc. Local bulls
had wheat for sale and helped the decline.
The weather and improved crop reporUi were
the ruling factors in corn. There was a fair
demand at the opening decline, which in Sep
tember amounted to )46Vjc to %@%c at 49c
to 49)4 c, but beyond a alight temporary rally In
that option It only served In a measure to check
the decline. September closed with a loss of
*.©\c at 48%c.
Oats followed other grains under practically
the same influences. September closed l@l%c
lower at 31%c.
In provisions support waa lacking and the
grain markets Influenced all products. Sep
tember pork cloned 7%©10c lower, lard was
down 12%c and ribs oft 10c. ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
a E K tJ w 5
§ SB *-:=23 *E 2
I b§ tizl s- §
ETATIONa n 3g33 3 3 J** t
¦ c c : : §
• a a
Bak^r ~J.7G J«O SS XIV Cloudy loo
<'ar»->n 2^.74 M 46 W Clear .00
Kurtka :;O.OW 5tf V£ SW Cloudy .00
Fresno 23. X4 88 54 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 'J&.KtJ 78 54 NE Rain .12
Independence 29. 7C SO 6G SE Clear .00
Ix* Ansdes..2».»4 70 54 \v Clear .00
Mt Tamalf.ais.^.HS SS 4'i W Pt.Cldy .00
North H*-ad...l&».KO CO 52 NW Clear .00
ItwttrtT i?.t.sn :-. m s <"loudy .02
I'ocatello, Ida.2vt.7S !»2 €2 SE Pt.Cldy .«U
Portland L".<.72 l»2 S3 NW Clear .00
Point Iteyes..2«.H4 C2 48 PW Clear .00
lied Bluff L-.<.s4 h« £8 SE Clear .«X>
Koeeburg :.".>. so SS 54 N Clear .00
Pacrsmento ..2t«.»o 76 52 S Clear -.00
Halt Lake 2».M 1»2 72 SE Cloudy .00
San Francisco. 3u.<«j <?£ 50 W Cloudy .00
F. L. Obiispo. .30.0"i» tw 48 W Cloudy .OO
Fan Diego 29. IC «S €2 SW Clear .00
Seattle 23. s<; 82 54 NW Clear .00
Fpokane yo 58 NW. Clear .00
Tatooth 2h.kv €4 4« NE Clear .00
1Valla Walla.. :».7i> 10U 64 NE Clear T.
Winnemucca-.2M>2 !*0 52 NW Cloudy .00
Yuraa 2'<t.74 1U2 72 £E Pt.Cldy T.
WEATHEB BEPOBT.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 20, 6 p. m.
THE COA6T RECORD.
MISCELLANEOUS
UNITED STATES BONDS. -
Bid. Ask.. • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — 111V4 -« s <> c (new).135%136
4» qr reg ...111 111?; 3s qr coup. 10S&109
MONDAY. July 20—2 p. m
Stock and Bond Exchange.
. .Open. | High. - Low. - Close
December... W% ..1)4% !>4% 94%
OATS — Continue quiet and unchanged, with
moderate offerings. .-
New Red. $1 15®1 23 per ctl.
Old crop— White. $ll"%©123; Black $1 10
©1 17%; Red. $1 12%©l 17% for common and
$1 20@l 25 for choice; Gray, nominal. "
CORN — Is still very scarce, firm and nomi
nal.
California large Yellow. $1 40@l 45: small
round do. $1 70©l 75; White. $1 4001 43;
Egyptian. $1 45@1 60 for White and $1 409
1 45 for Brown. ¦ ,
RYE— Quoted at $1 10#l 15 per ctl for old
or new. - . • ¦
BUCKWHEAT — $2@2 50 per ctl.
2 p.m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
'¦ Open. High. Low. Close
December.... \)S% i»4% m% »4%
Feed. new. $1 til'Uil 03%; new shipping and
brewing, $1 !'.•%'« 1 1^%: old brewing $1 15@
1 20; Chevalier. $1 l.Vul 30 for fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
2 p. m. Session.
No sale?. . ,
BARLEY — The market opened the week firm,
with futures slightly higher.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 -W% $140% $139% $140%
FUTURES.
California Club. $1 4O@l 42%: California
White Australian. $1 50 ft 1 52%; Northern
Club, $1 40@l 42%; Northern Blu« Stem,
$1 48%«jl 50; Oregon Valley, $1 47%.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— Li verpcol futures were lower. Oth
erwise foreign quotations remained about ' as
before.
Chicago declined lc, wlth.no news of any
importance. The American visible supply de
creased 1,244,000 bushels. The world's ship
ments for the week were as follows, in quar
ters: Russian, 2U0.000; Danublan, 21,000; Ar
gentine, 6K.0OO; Indian, 170.000.
Cash Wheat was very" rlrm in this market,
buyers paying full figures cheerfully.
New Wheat. $1 37%01 42% for shipping and
$1 47%@1 52% for milling.
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Remain un
changed with very little new business. .Prices,
however, still rule firm. Common. 4f?5 %c;
prime 6%©6c; choice. 6)4®0%c; fancy. «i%
@7%c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes are firmly held un
der a fair jobbing demand. Quotations range
from 8®7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Remain steady but quiet.
Choice are quoted at 7%«J8%c; fancy. 10Q>
12%c.
PEACHES— Rule quiet. . Choice, 7@7%c;
fancy. 8«10%c.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT— Receipts, 121.000 bushels; exports.
55.900 bushels; spot. easy. No. 2 red, 80%c
elevator and 82c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 91 %c f. o. b. afloat. Options sus
tained a severe break to-day as a result of li
quidation Impelled by favorable domestic crop
conditions and liberal Russian shipments. The
close was weak at %®2%c net decline. July
closed at 80T4c; September and December
closed at 80%c. ¦ ¦
HOPS— Quiet
HIDES— Steady
WOOL— Firm. '
MOLASSES — Firm.
COFFEE — Spot, firm; No. 7 Rio. 5 7-16c:
mild, quiet. Futures closed, quiet, net un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales 4500 bags,
including: August, 3.65c: December. 4.20c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm. Fair refining, 8 3-16c;
centrifugal. 90 test. 3 11-lOc; molasses sugar,
2 15-16c. Refined was firm.
NHW YORK, July 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,000 barrels; exports, 5580 barrels; market
weak and somewhat lower. Winter straights
$3 MXg3 85. V
Nrzv York Grain and Produce.
All stocks were quiet, and quotations showed
little variation, liana Sugar rold down to
25c.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: Home OU, 5c. or
$5000; Peerless Oil. 14c; Monte Crlsto Oil. lc;
Spring Valley Water Company, regular month
ly. 42c per shav. amounting to $58,800; Cali
fornia Fruit Canners' Association. regular
monthly. COe per share, amounting to $2!>,
100 «0: California Powder J Works, regular
monthly, $1 per share, amounting to $15,000.
Lumber Shipments in June.
The exrorts of lumber from San Francisco
by i>ea during the month of June were ai fol
low? :
To — Fe*t. Values.
Mexico 2i»9.fl30 $8,023
Central America 170.712 4.6&0
Colombia 1.400 28
Peru 132,028 C,6«9
Hawaiian lylanSs 10.645 248
New Zealand 4.151 150
Tahiti &S.434 1.S59
Eamoan Island 1.133 20
Cfclr.a 1.000 20
Germany 21.2M 638
South Africa 24tU5a 8.&S7
New York 3LCSS 1.344
Totals ....1,041.534 $29,276
Dunnage —
Great Britain 15.000 270
Grand totals 1.0S9.&34 $29,646
In Juse. 1902. the total exports. Including
<!unnape, were 1.503.2S3 feet, valued at $35.0>X).
In that month 118.000 feet were shipped as
dunnage on the grain fleet. There was only
cne train clearance last month, which accounts
lor the Email quantity of dunnage chipped.
SAN" FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 40f 20O Blerra Nsv .. 61
200 Mexican 94 100 Silver Hill .. 75
200 Occidental ... 32 10O Silver Hill .. 73
10O Ophlr 140 30O Utah 33
100 Potosl 21 200 Yellow Jacket 67
600 Seg Belch 06
- Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 08 300 Union Con .. 7*
J0OO Con N-Y ... 13 100 Yellow Jacket 63
200 Con NY... 1* 200 Yellow Jacket C9
200 Potosl 21 : b . a - J
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 41 10O Mexican 04
100 Best ft Belch.l 85 200 Occidental ... 32
€50 Caledonia ..1 27% 100 Ophir ' 1 42%
300 Crown Point.. 20 2OO Seg Belcher.. 0»»
200 Gould A Cur I 30 70O Sierra N«v . . 52
200 Justice 1» 100 Silver Hill .. 73
100 Mexican 95
Afternoon Session.
"20<V Belcher 41 100 Ophir 1 42 Vi
300 Belcher 42 20O Potosl 22
200 Caledonia ...130 200 Sierra Nev .. 52
10O Con C & V.I 37% 100 Silver Hill .. 78
20O Con C & Va.l 40 100 Union Con .. 74
300 Crown Point . 20 300 Yellow Jacket PS
200 Crown Point . 21 f 300 Yellow Jacket «<>
20O Justice 14' S00 Yellow Jacket «9
200 Mexican 95 200 Yellow Jacket 71
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Colehan IS) ( 350 Mont Ton .. 98
1000 Colehan 211 «5O Rescue 14
20O Gipsy Queen., 2711000 Rescue 17
200 Gold M Con. -12 1000 Rescue 18
30O Gold M Con. ll(20t»Ton * Cal... 3tf
10O Mont Ton ... 95 300 Ton & Cal .. 37
lOOO Mont Ton .. 97 1 10O Ton N Star.. 53
Afternoon Session.
1400 Eaperanza ... 061 200 Ton N Star .. 55
10O Gold M Con. IS 300 Ton N Star .. 5i>
200 Lucky Tom . 10 100 Ton N Star .. 58
300 Mont Ton .. 9S| 200 Ton & Cal .. S7
300 Mont Ton ...1 Oo; 100 Ton A Cal ..33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, July 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. f Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Julia 02 04
Alta .... 05 07 Justice 13 l.>
Andes"! .. 07 0!) Kentuck 03 05
Belcher 41 43 1 Mexican 98 99
Best & Belch.l 80 2 OOj Occidental ... 32 34.
Bullion 0.J 04 Ophir 1 40 1 45
Caledonia ...1 30 1 33 Overman .... 25 ZT
Challenge Con 45 .48 Potoel 20 22
Chollar 20 22 Savage 16 17
Confidence . . .1 2O 1 30| Scorpion . .... 04 O>
Con Cal A Va.l 3» 1 40| Seg Belcher.. 06 07
CO °S W^. 1 : S If&rHK-: § fg
Crown Point.. 20 22 St Louts,.... IS 2t>
Eureka Con... — 45 Syndicate .... — £«
Exchequer.. — 01 Union Con.... 77 .H
Gould & Cur. S3 39 Utah ........ 34 35
Hale & Nor.. 54 57 Yel Jacket... 70 71
Lady Wash... — OS
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. [ B & A *h
Colehan IS 19 Rescue 16 17
Speranza ... 05 C6' Belmont 2 00 2 05
Gipsy Queen.. 2tt 27,T&Cal 37 39
Gold Mount... 12 -Fraction..... 60 .5
Lucky Tom... 10 _ Great West... 06 li>
MacNamara . 24 25 North Star... 63 5»
Miipah Ext.. 3* 45 Midway ...-.— 45
Montana ... 97 1 02 Vi , Ton A Salt L. — 55
New York.... 05 10 United Ton... 19 -5
Pa-master V. 15 20J Utopia 80 60
Pine Grove... 60 — !_
Mining Stocks.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver made a sharp advance' of l)£c yester
day. Exchange remained as before.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 80%
Sterling Exchange, cables .... — - . 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
8ilver, per ounce — 55)4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
At^hUon 47,400 C5 03% C3V-
Atchi&on pfa 800 88)4 H"% »V?i
Bait & Ohio 23,000 }>::% hl^ t<2>i
Bait & Ol.lo pfd 91)^
Canadian Pacific... 10,000 122V4 121 121H
Cent of New Jersey 15s
Chesapeake & Ohio. 3.000 34H 33 33
Chicago & Alton.. lfiO 24% 24»i 24%
Chgo & Alton pfd.. • &O0 ««'/* 66 65T4
Chgo A Great West 3,000 17^ 1«T4 lti'i
C 4 G W. B pfd... 1OO 34)4 3i£ 34^
Chgo & Northwestn 1.000 163 163)4 104
Chgo Term & Trn. 800 12% 12 12%
Chgo T & T pfd... 1.400 21)4 20 20%
C C C & St Louis. 1,100 7«»4 75 74?4
Cclo Southern lOo 14)4 14'4 ]4» 4
Colo So 1st pfd.... 10*) 5314 53U, 62
Colo So 2d pfd .'. ...'. 22)4
Del & Hudson 1C«
Del. Lack & West. 1,000 238 235 237
Denver & Rio Gr.. 300 25% 25 24)4
Den & Rio Gr ffd 7s%
Erie 23.G00 30% 30 30
Erie l«t pfd C.100 07 «5>4 C5%
Erie 2d pfd 4,300 53)4 61 ' 51
Great Noi them pfd 170
Hocking VaIUjt 7.200 7'J 79 75
Hocking Valley pfd b5
Illinois Central 6,500 130 128 128)4
Iowa Central 21)s
Iowa Central pfd.. 300 3»% .17 37
Kansas City South. 400 21 V4 20 21
Kans City So pfd.. 100 40% 40% 40Vi
Louisville & Nash. 3.S00 100% 105% 105%
Manhattan Kiev... 3,000 133% 131% 131 £¦
Metropolitan St Ry 900 119 117 J A 117H
Minn & St Louis 77 *
Missouri Pacific... 38,300 («i)i 96% 97U
Mo, Kans & Tex... 2.500 20 19% 19%
Mo, Kans A T pfd. 1,900 41 U 40 40
Nat R R of Mex 1794
Nat R R Mex pfd v .... JS%
New York Central. 25,700 117)4 116%
Norfolk A Western. 2,700 C3% U2)i 62'
Norfolk A West pfd HH %
Ontario & Western. 300 2JV« 22% 22%
Pennsylvania 30.500 121 120 120 W
P, C. C A St Louis «3
Reading 46,000 ftO 48)4 48=4
Reading 1st pfd.... 200 81)4 fel 81
Reading 2d pfd.... 200 6S 68 68
Rock island Co 51,900 27)4 25 25)4
Rork Island Co pfd 3.500 66)4 (15% »:.<¦
ft I/iul« k S F 60
St L A B F 1st pfd fig
St L A S F 2d pfd 2,000 55 48% 49%
St Louis Sowestn.. 400 15 14»4 14%
St L Sowestn pfd. 400 34 33 33
Pt Paul 39,600 141% lSO^ 14OV4
fct Paul pfd : 172V-
Southern Pacific... 13.300 46% 44% 4.V"!
Southern Hallway.. 2.450 22% 21% 21-i
Southern Ry pfd... 400 85% R5»i 85%
Texas A Pacific 2.400 2«Vi 25% > £5%
Tol. £t L A West.. &.2O0 22 21 21
Tol. St L A W pfd. 1,500 :!3% 32% 32*4
Union Pacific 3,300 . 77 73% 75%
Union Pacific pfd.. 300 87 8tf 85%
Wabaeh :... 900 22% 22 '.'1%
Wabarh pfd 3,600 3tt 38 J9»A
Wheel & 1- Erie... 100 19 19 18
Wisconsin Central. 1.000 18% 17)4 17
WIs Central pfd 1.200 39% 36% 37
Express Companies —
Adams 100 221 221 221
American 178
1 'jilted States 100 101% 101% 100
Well»-Fargo 185
Miscellaneous—
Amal Copper 84,700 47% 44% 44%
Amer Car A F 2,000 34% 33% 34
AmerC&Fpfd 86%
Amer Linseed Oil f 10
Amer Lin Oil pfd 32
Amer Locomotive.. 1.7O0 20 18 18%
Amer Loco pfd 200 86% 85)1 80%
Amer Bmelt A Ref. 2,000 42% 41% 42%
Amer 8 A Ref pfd 91%
Amer Sugar Ref... 20,500 115% 112 113)4
Anaconda Min Co.. 400 82 81 81
Brook Rap Transit. 27,600 61% 411 46%
Col Fuel A Iron.. 5,400 62 50 50%
Col A Hocking Coal 500 16)4 16W 15%
Consolidated Gas... 2,300 185 183% 184
General Electric .. 1,300 165)4 163% 163
International Paper 9,100 13% 13% 13)4
Int Paper pfd 200 67% 67 67
Int Pump 37
Int Pump pfd..... 75
National Biscuit... 300 35% 35% -37%
National Lead 300 15% 15% 15%
North American... 82%
Pacific Mall 600 23% 22 21 -
People's Gus 3.900 95 93U ' 93%
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 47)4 46% 44
Pressed St Car pfd 84%
Pullman Palace Car 200 202 .201% 201
Republic Steel .... 400 IS 12% 12%
Republic Steel pfd. 2,100 71 tf 70 70
Rubber Goods 200 '20% "20%- 20
Rubber Goods pfd.. 200 75 74)1 \ 74.
Tcnn Coal A Iron.. 8,100 44 44% • 45%
U S Leather 1,900 8% 7% 8
U B Leather pfd... 1.000 82% 80% 80%
U S Rubber 12
U 8 Rubber pfd 100 48 48 47%
U 8 Steel 47.400 26% 23 25%
U S Steel pfd 15.300 77% 76% 7fl
Western Union .... 309 83% 83 83
NEW YORK. July 20.— Liquidation was still
manifest In to-day's market. The actual sell-
Ing pressure was consented In Individual stocks.
The volume of activity was not great In the
general list and the drooping tendency of the
market seemed to be largely In sympathy with
the weakness shown by special stocks. Pro-'
regional bear tactics played a part in the
day' 8 declines, as was shown by the occasional
rallies. But the demand on this account seemed
to be soon satisfied, and there was no disposi
tion to pursue the buying on any advance. Th«
high grade railroad stocks were less conspicu
ous In the weakness and showed some early
positive resistance to depression. . But the
weakness became general before the day ended.
High priced Inactive stock? continued to suffer
severely. Lacka wanna broke 11 a , to 230 on a
single transaction and Immediately rallied sev
eral points, but sold as low as 235 later. The
old Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific stocks
sold at 145, compared with the preceding sale
last January at 200. Various securltlee em
braced In the widely ramified Rock Island sys
tem were under severe pressure. Including Rock
Island common, which sold at a new low record
at 25. Suggestions of a project for a new divi
sional arrangement of the system Involving a
heavy Issue of refunding bonds were published
during the day. It waa believed also that the
holdings of Rock Island which were acquired
as a result of the absorption of the St. Loulf
and S&n Francisco were sought to be dislodged
and forced upon the market by the attacking
bears. Another center of disturbance wan
Amalgamated Copper, which dropped to 44%, a
new low record. The selling of this stock was
unexplained by any new developments, but its
weakness aroused mitiglvlngs among sharehold
ers as to the affairs of the corporation and in
duced additional selling. Colorado Fuel and
Iron's fall to 50 was accompanied by' rumors
of the necessity of new Issues to take care of
loans which have been made. United States
Steel sold at 25. and its weakness was a fac
tor in the general depression of sentiment.
Sugar's break to a low record for the year was
also not without influence on sentiment. The
market had a fairly good rally on the hour,
but loft nearly ail of it again before the clon
ing, which was weak. Money was slightly
easier, if anything, and the market for sterling
exchange hardened, apparently In response.
Operators in stocks felt little hope of any de
mand ti>r securities, while active competition
for funds in the money market goes on among
railroad corporations and wealthy individuals.
Th« weekly ctatistlcs of railroad traffic show
rather a notable decline In the grain move
ment, but general merchandise continues to
move in large bulk, and railroad officials pro
fess an expectation of an unprecedented traffic
this fall. • .
There were eome points of resistance In the
bend market, but other points showed weak
ness. Total Bales (par value). $1,585,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
New York Stock Market.
Union Sugar 22 SO ••••
United Gas & Electric 34 60 ....
Western Fish Company ...... .... ••••
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
700 Reed Crude Oil 40
¦ 100 Monarch Oil 51
100 Home Oil 3 05
100 Home Oil (s 90) 3 OO
' 1(10 Sovereign Oil 3:»
10 Hanford Oil 119 no
6O» Four OU «»
400 Oil City Petroleum 31
Afternoon Session.
1200 Reed Crude Oil 40
\i Hanford Oil 120 00
EASTERN MARKETS.
The twenty-eighth annual review of the San
Francisco Commercial News Is at hand and is
a fine piece ct Journsllstlc work. The cover
<les!ra la a finely executed view down the south
end of Kearny street, showing the Oaus
Epreckels building In bold relief, which would
rars as first- class work In any magazine In
the world. The interior contents consist of
elaborate commercial reviews, such as export.
for the year, general (hipping matters, trade
reports, marine mishaps, condition of tfac
backs, tracwictlons in stocks and bonds, photo
graphs of the large banks and exchanges, ma
rlce views, with articles on the L*ewls and
<Tark Centennial Exposition at Portland, the
i*>rt of Taeoma. etc. The feature of the issu«
is ths review of the. Investment and banking
business cf th« year, which has evidently been
compiled with Intelligence and precision. Alto
gether the review is a very creditable and
handsome Journalistic production.
The Commercial Nezvs Rez'iezv.
OREGON.
Flour, qr *ks .. 5,2%(]Middllng8. sks . 055
Barley ctls ... 400|Shorta sks ... 1,250
Bran, sks 3.20 > Feed, sks 600
Flour qr ska . . 25.6fiJ)j Straw, tons ... Ifl
Wheat ctls 1,930 Wool, bales .. 82
Barley, ctls ... 11.345 Feed, sks .... 70
Oats, ctls ..... 3.485 Pelts, bdls ... 3.315
Corn. ctU .... 450 Tallow, ctls .. 241
Rye. ctls t 300 Hide's. No 491
Beans, sks ... 599 Quicksilver, flks 90
Potatoes, sks . '6,500 Leather, rolls .. 33
Onions, sks :.. 1.125 Wine, gals 69,350
Bran, sks 1.084 Sugar, ctls ... 660
Middlings, sks.. 2o2lPaper reams . 647
Hay, tons .... 1.107 iLime. bbls .... 725
FOR MONDAY. JULY 20.
Receipts of Produce.
'London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 20. — The offerings of wool
to-day numbered 10,500 baler, chiefly cross
breds. The demand continued good. A mod
erate quantity of medium fine was taken by
American buyers. Several merino lots were
withdrawn, as bidders were below sellers'
views. Scoureds were in good request.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. July 20.— Clearings, $776,905; bal
ances. $287,101.
TACOMA, July 20.— Clearings. $424,043;
balances, $89,009. ,
PORTLAND. July 20.— Clearings, $707,824;
balances. $120,125. \j
SPOKANE. July 2tt— Clearings, $431,632';
balances, $09,736.
Stockton— Weather retarding the growth of
Dcaches
O. H. WILLSON. Section Director.
LONDON, July 20. — Consols. 92 5-16@92 7-16;
silver, 25)4d: French rentes. 97f 50c@97f 37)fcc;
wheat cargoes on passage, buyers indifferent;
English- country markets, steady; wheat and
flour on passage to United Kingdom, 2.470,000
bushels; wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent, 1,200,000 bushels.
LIVERPOOL, July 20.— WHEAT— Dull ; No.
1 Standard California. Os 6i4d@6s 7d; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, weak. |
COTTON — Uplands, «.40c.
Foreign Markets.
New York Cotton Market.
' NEW YORK. July 20. — Cotton futures closed
steady, 1 to 6 points above the opening for
most months.
Local securities open the week dull.
New York stocks lower, with pressure to sell.
Sharp advance in Silver. No change in Exchange. .
Cash Wheat firm, zvith buyers paying full -figures.
Barky, .Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged. . ,',' •'
Upper grades of Hay higher. Feedstuff s firm. . • j
Beans end Seeds inactive at previous prices.
Butter quiet and easy, Eggs very steady and Cheese firm.
Hops shozving more firmness, with growers holding again.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Stocks of Provisions increasing in the West.
Onions and Vegetables generally lower. Potatoes unchanged.
Three cars of IVestern Poultry received.
Fresh Fruit in excessive supply and weak.
There was a steady demand for choice fruit,
suitably packed, for shipment north on the
Sound steamer, but as supplies were far In
excess of the demand prices were generally
lower. Plums. Prunes, Apricots and Peaches
in small boxes and crates were abundant and
lower, the top quotations being obtained only
for the very best stock. Apples and Bartlett
Peara arrived freely from the river districts,
but other fruits from those sections were in
light receipt and basket lots cleaned up quickly.
Tragedy Prunes in- baskets were mostly over
ripe, hence the lower prices. Good Apples
were well cared for, particularly Gravensteins
in 4-tler. boxes. A few lots of choice Bart
lett Pears were sold to canners at $25®30 per
ton. Apricots arrived freely from around the
bay and, .as the receipts Included a lot of
culls, prices had a wider range. Some very
poor and small stock sold down to $15 per
ton. Figs were suddenly scarce and prices
were firmer. Cherries have about had their
run and the quotations are withdrawn. White
Nectarines were offering at 75cj@$1 per crate
and red at 76®85c per box, but moved slowly.
Eight crates of ' Thompson's Seedless Grapes
came In from VacavlQe and sold at $1 50 per
crate. Other varieties of Grapes were neglect
ed. Melons were In free supply and easier.
Choice offerings of Strawberries, .Raspberries
and Blackberries were in demand at steady
prices, but common stock continued dull and
several lots were sold to canners at the mini
mum rates. Loganberries were generally poor
and moved slowly at lower prices. Huckle
berries were lower. Receelpts of Currants
v/ere light, and as offerings showed good qual
ity better prices ruled.
A few slight changes will be noticed in
Citrus and Troolcal fruits. The market was
well supplied with all descriptions andtradlng
was generally light.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and $24/3 50 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $2@» per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— ?2 50©4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10@12«ic per lb.
CURRANTS— $.1@4 per chest.
APPLES— 75c©$l 35 per box for choice and
fancy and 40@tJ5c for common; Crabapples, 4D@r
50c 'for small boxes and 75c@$l for large.
PEARS — Bartletts. 5Uo<8$l per box; Dear
born Seedlings, 40®50c.per box and 50@60c per
basket.
FIGS — JOfit'.r.c per drawer; large boxes^from
the river, 75cig$l.
PLUMS— 2.VSWc per box, 40@G0c per crate
and 20*5/>:{Jic p«r basket.
PRUNES— Tragedy, 4O4f50c per crate and
854J40C per basket; Simon I, 6O0tSOc per crate.
APRICOTS — 40® 65c per box or crate; in
bulk. - $20^35 per ton.
PEACH ES—50@«5c per box for choice yellow
and 40<g50c for common; baskets from the
river. 60®S5c.
• MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella. $1 60
®2 25 per crate; from Bakersfleld, $1 5O$j2;
from Winters, $2: Nutmeg Melons from the
river. $1 50 per box; Watermelons, $5Q20 per
hundred.
GRAPES — 75c@$l per crate for Seedless and
75c4f$l Tbr Black Malvolsie from Turaa; Fon
talnebleau, 75c@$l 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges. $1 6O©2 r.O per box: Seedlings.
$lig$l 25; Valencia*. $1 75i@fl; St. Michaels, $2{?
:t: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 25©1 50; Lemons.
75cS$l for standard. $1 25<gl 75 for choice and
$2(&2 75 for fancy: Grape Fruit, $1@1 2, r i: Mexi
can Limes, $4 50£5 50; Bananas, $1 50«;2 50
per bunch for Central American and 73c&$l' 50
for Hawaiian; Pineapples,- $1 5O.il' 50 per doz.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dealers 'generally quoted a dragging market
for Butter, with concessions given to large and
close buyers. Receipts from the north were
larger than of late. / •
Eggs rule steady and a very fair demand
keeps stocks down to a manageable point.
Cheese shows considerable change. Flats are
generally .quoted %c higher, with smaller and
decreasing .supplies. This Is -the time of the
year when the production falls off, and re
ceipts of domestic goods will therefore run
lighter from now . on. ¦ Young Americas are
scarce and higher, the market in fact being
cleaned up. Eastern is lower, as there Is a
good deal rolling this way. - ;
Receipts were 85,700 lbs Butter, 1436 cases
Eggs and 29,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 24)4®26c: dairy. 22%9
24c: store Butter,' l"@20c: Eastern, nominal.
CHEESE— New, 12)4@13)4c; Young America,
14)£igl5c; Eastern; 14 )4c;. Western. 13c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, " 25@2tic for Jarge white and
22%<g24c for mixed and colors; store, 10#20c;
Eastern, 17@19 C per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief ..,. ...1 05
Alice 18; Ontario 0 60
Breece 15 Ophir ...1 40
Brunswick Con.... 1 35 Phoenix 08
Ccmstock Tunnel.. O'jPotosl 20
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Ravage ;. 12
Horn Silver 1 O0i Sierra Nevada..... 60
Iron" Silver 1 CO Small Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con 1 05: Standard 2 50
' BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iWest'house Com.. 85'
Call loans 3@4}, Mining-
Time loans 4®6 Adventure 6V\
Bonds — Allouez 4%
Atchison 4s BSVi Amalgamated ... 44%
Mexican Cen lsts. 73 lilngham 2'.i
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.425
Atchison 63$i Centennial 15
Do pfd 87 % Copper Range.... 4ti)4
Boston & Albany. 245 Dominion Coal !••;
Boston & Maine.. 167 Franklin 7)4
Boston Elevated. .13S» Iole Royale 7
N Y. N H & H..195 Mohawk 36)i
Fitchburg pfd.... 131 Old Dominion 71
Union Pacific 75Vi Osceola 49
Mexican Central.. 20% Parrot 18
Miscellaneous — Quincy .......... 97.
Amer Sugar 113T; Santa Fe Copper. 1
Do pfd 118)4 Tamarack 82
Amer Tel & Tel..l30.)« Trimountain .... 84
Dominion I A S.. 14)i Trinity 4%
General Electric. 1«3 United States.... 19%
Mass Electric... 23?i Utah 25)4
Do pfd R2 Victoria 3)4
United Fruit iom Wlnona 7U
U S Steel 25«n Wolverine ....... C2&
Do pfd 74
U S ref 2s, reg... 106% Do 1st inc 20%
Do coupon 106*, Minn A St L 4s.. 89)4
Do 3s. reg .107% M, K & T 4s. »«
. Do coupon ..108)4 Do 2ds 79&
Do new 4s, reg. 134)4 N Y.Cen gen 3)As. 95%
-Do coupon 135Vj N J Cen gen 6s..l28
Do old 4s, reg. .111 Northern Pac 4s.. 100%
.Do coupon Ill Do 9s 71%
Do 6s. reg A01-7J N & W con 4s 98Vh
Do coupon 103 Reading gen 4b... 94)4
Atchison gen 4s.. B9H StL &.IM con. 5s. Ill
Do adi 4s 87% St L & S F 4s... 06)4
Bait A Ohio 4S...10OM, Bt L SW.lsts.... 91-
Do 8%s 92 Do 2ds. 74
Do conv 4s..... 100 S: A A A P 4s... 76
Canada South 2.1s.lO5Vi Southern Pac 4s.. 85
Central of Ga 5s.. 103 H Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
Do 1st Inc 71 H Texas & Pac lsu.114%
Ches & Ohio 4V4S.102 T. StL A W 4s.. 74
CM A Alton 3>i«. 74)4 Union Pacific 4s. 100
C. B & Q new 4s. 90 Do conv 4s..... it.|s;
C. MAStP gen 4«.1O8 Wabash lsts 114>j
C & N,W con 7s. 130)4 Do 2ds.* 10«
C. R I A P 4s... 100 Do deb B C3
CCC&StL gen 4s. 97)4 West 8hoj»- 4a... 107
Chi Term 4s 78 Wheel & L^E 4s. 90
Colo A South 4s.. 87 Wisconsin Cen 4s. STA
Den & Rio O 4s.. 97 Con Tob BSVl
Erie prior Hen 4s. 96 >. C F & I... 82
.Do gen 4s 82 Rock Island." 77ii
Ft AV4DC lsts. 105 . US. Steel 71)
Hocking Val 4'4s.lO4% Pennsylvania .... 03
L &¦ N unl 4s.... 98)4 j Manhattan . . 100)4
Mexican Cent 4s.. 73 I '¦>• - ?
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
NEW. YORK BONDS.
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS:
NEW YORK. July 20.— Tin advanced £1 10s
In London, spot closing there at £124 6s and
futures at £121 15s. Locally tin was firm and
higher, closing at $27 40®^7 60.
Copper declined 2s 6d in London to £66 10s
for spot, while futures were unchanged at £53
15s. Locally copper was quiet. Lake and
electrolytic are quoted at $13 87%@13 62% and
casting at $13 12&@13 25.
Lead was unchanged In London at £11 7s
6d and In New York at $4 12)4.
Spelter declined 2a <i<l in London to £20 5s,
and was easier here, cloBlng at $5 87)4.
Iron closed at 54s 3d In Glasgow and at 46s
6d In Middlesboro. Locally iron was firm.
No. 1 foundry Northern, $18 50@19 50; No."**
do, $17 &0@18 50: No. 1 foundry Southern and
do soft,- *17 75©18 25. '
New York Metal Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Cpushed and Fine Crushed, 6.73c;
Powdered. 5. t>Oc; Candy Granulated. 5.60c;
Dry Granulated. ¦ fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated,
coarse. 5.50c'; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet
Granulated < 100-lb bags only). 6.40c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.50c: Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C,
5c; Golden C. 4.80c; "D," 4.80c; barrels. 10c
more; half barrels. 20c more; boxes. 60c more;
50-lb bags lOo more for all kinds. Tablets—
.Half-barrels, 6c; boxes. 6.25c per lb. No or
ders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. «"• ¦-•*¦¦ .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead.- CO
€%c per Ib; .Whit/ Lead. 6@6%c. according to
quantity. -. »
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In built.
14e; Pearl Oil In cases, 20Hc; Astral. 20ttc;
Star.' 20ttc: Extra Star. 24^c; Elaine. 2t)Vac:
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23%c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19Uc: 8d-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c; in cases. 27Uc.
TURPENTINE— 70c per sallon In cases and
64c In drums and Iron barrels.
OIL— Unseed. 4Sc for boiled 'and '46c for raw"
In barrels; cases. 6c more; Castor OH. In cases.
No. 1 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c for
boiled and for raw in barrels; Lard" Oil, ex
tra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 83c;
China Nut. 07Vi©»!2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels. 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure,
70c; Whale OH. natural white. 50@55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, In barrels, 45c; cases. 5Oc; Cocoa
nut Oil. in barrels, 68c for Ceylon and 52c for
Australian.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New ¦Welling
ton. $3; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $S 60; Roslyn,
$7; Coos Bay, $5 60; Greta, $7;.; WalUend,
$7 60; Richmond. $7 60; Cumberland, $1.1 In
bulk and $14 23 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Egg. $13; Welsh Lump. $11 CO; Cannei; $S 50
per ton; Coke. $11 6O@13 per ton In bulk and
$15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 SO per ton. according
to brand. ¦ ¦•• - - ¦ .
BAGS — Grain Bags; 4.75@5c; : San . Quentln.
5.66c; Wool Bags. 32® 35c; Fleece Twine. 7%©
6c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6)4 c, S)4c and 7»»o for
the three grades. -- ¦ ¦
General Merchandise.
and the other was distributed among several
leading retailers. A third car came to (hand,
but as the demand was well satisfied It . was
not placed on' sale. Receipts of domestic stock
were insignificant \ and ¦ prices were without
quotable change. A few sacks of Game came
In and cleaned up quickly at . the previously
quoted rates.-. •.¦'¦• - - - ••¦ . ¦ *
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, |1@1 50; Goslings, $l@l 50; Ducks,
j:!(g 3 CO per dozen for old and $3 5034 50 for
young; Hens, •$4@S; young Roosters, $0@8;
old. Roosters, $4@5; Fryers, $3 50(34 50; Broil
ers. $3(53 50 for large and $2@2 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50 for
squabs. -
GAME — Rabbits, $1 25ft I 75 per dozen;
Haie, *1©1 25; Wild Doves, $1@1 .25 per dozen.
Boars, 60 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above Quotations. , :..".': 11" J
000 bushels. Rye, 814,000 bushels; Increase,
10,000 bushels. Barley, 410,000 bushels; de
crease,-60,000 bushels. • : ,; ; .,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
John Pouyal, florist. 1U9 Polk street, re
ported to the police yesterday that about
8 o'clock In th« morning a man entered
his store and purchased 14 worth oj
flowers to be sent to 936 Pine street. H«
tendered a $10 Confederate note In pay
ment and received $6 change. Pouyal did
not discover the nature of the note till
after he had sent the flowers to 938 Pine
street and 'learned that no one wanteC
them. —
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
THE FINAL SALE
—OF— .-i;^.
Trotting Horses
From SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
. ' Will Take Place
: " 1 WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903L
¦ Commencing at 10:30. a. m.
" OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANOE.
248 Third st. 8. F.
I This sale Includes all the mares, colts, geld*
i ings and fillies on the farm. Among them sr«
many with records, and seven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better than 35 see-
, ends, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (sir*
of Lou Dillon. 2:03)4 champion): Direct. 2:05 V.
Palo Alto. 2:0SU; Inferna. 2:24^4; Altamont.
2:24; Beau B. 2:16%; L. W. Russell. Almonl-
tlon, 2:24)4. etc.. out of famous broodmares—
the finest Individuals as well as the choicest
bred ever led into a sales ring. All ar« thor-
oughly broken, handsome and rentle. They
represent the result of many years' study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after high
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmares
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will get
what they want at th|s sale. It will be tha
last opportunity to get such well-bred norses
at auction. No reserve or limit: everyantoal
must be sold. Catalogues Issued Tuesday.
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. O. LAYNQ. Livestock Auctioneer
£a £»
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF _
HORSES - WAGONS HARNESS
WEDNESDAY. July 22. at 11 a. m.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH
ST. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctlonaer.
£» S'^ifeil '.;¦!.•¦/ -fe
To be sold at auction. 34 work and business
horses, camp, peddling and express wagons.
buggies, surreys, carts and harness, at 1140
Folaom st.. TTTESPAY. July 21. 11 a. m.THE SAN TBAIs CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 3903.
14
" 'HELP WATTEP^-MALE- -Con.'
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620 -Sacramento st.; cor. Leidesdorff.
. Phone Main . 1191. 1191 Main. Phone
STEAMER- SAILS TO-DAY. Call Early.
TO CASPAR. . FEE $1. FREE FARE.
60 laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen, $2 to
$2 75 day. -
FREE FARE. FEE $1. TO WILLITS.
20 laborers and teamsters, $2 25 day.
BUTTE CO. CH1CO FEE $1:
150 teamsters. laborers, woodchoprers and
rock men. $2 25 to $2 50 day. cheap fare,
private R, R.
8. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK. FEE $1.
¦ ' FREE FARE.
We want section and extra gang hands all
over the State. SHIP ON ALL TRAINS AT
ALL TIMES.
SANTA FE R. R. FREE FARE. FEE $L
14 trackmen and spikers. board yourself.
$2 25 day.
12 laborers, private R. R.. free fare, board
yourself, fee $1, $2 day. Come* and see us.
S. P. R. R. CO.. free fare, 20 Italian section
hands.
10 trackmen, electric R. R-, 82 day, south.
MISCELLANEOUS.
We want 60 miners, 150 laborers, muckers
and carmen for mines; 20 drillers, quarry;
full night crow for sawmill; 50 laborers,
mills, yards and woods: 2 saw fliers and
hammerers, boss here; 7 blacksmith* and
helpers, shops, camps and ranches; 2 farm-
ers and wives; 3 Ironmolders; 2 coremakers ;
« farmers; 3 men, hay fields; 2 hay balers;
2 doggers; 20 coal miners, Oregon, free fare;
2 screw turners, big wages; 6 laborers, city;
30 laborers, brickyards and quarries; 3 chore-
. men; 2 harvest hands; 2 fruit pickers; 5
young men for sawmills: 4 milkers; 3 cooks;
2 second cooks; dishwasher, amall camp, 60c
fare, $30 fd. ; 5 station rack men: German,
drive wagon, city, $12 week; bell boy, city,
$15 fd.; third porter. $15 fd./ and hundreds
of other positions. Come and read cur bulle-
tin boards. Work for j everybody and any-
body that wants work. Get a free list of
Job* at the reliable
PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY, 520 Sacramento at.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. EMPLOYMENT
AGENTS.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Phone Grant 185.
FREE FARE— SHIPPING DAY— FOR
Reno, Nevada. 60 laborers, concrete wor^..$2
No experience needed.../ Board $4 SO week
Nevada. 50 laborers, steel track gang $2
Chatsworth Park tunnel, machine men. hand
drillers $2. $3
< Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
Los Angeles Co.. tunnel tlmbermen. $2 50, $ '1
(Board $4 50 week.)
California 100 extra and section hands.. $1 70
Marin Co.. teamsters $2 25
Wlllits Mendocino Co.. laborers $2 25
Absolutely free fare for all above.
Butte and Placerville, hammerrmen. labor-
ers $2 23. $2 CO
40 men for the woods and sawmills. $50
found; leverman for dredger, $60 found;
milkers, farmers. $30. $35; 10 road makers,
3j $40 found.
HOTEL AND LAUNDRY DEPARTMENTS.
Head cook restaurant. Nevada
First, second night cooks, north.. $20. $15 wk.
Relief second cooks and broilers.... $40. $75
R second cooks, country hotels $50. $60
Vegetable cook. $50; night cook. $40; others.
Elevator and upstairs man.. $45 and room
Bell boy. country hotel, fare paid $15
Pantryman, springs, free" fare $30
Dishwasher. Santa Cruz $30
Washer and starcher, country hotel
$45, free fare
Washer and run boiler, country laundry, $40
found; sllverman. $30.
C R. UANSEN A CO.. EMPLOYMENT
AGENTS.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
ELECTRICAL engineer and machinist. $75 and
found who can run power plant, big tunnel,
Nevada; free fare; see boss here. C. R.
HAffSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.\ :
WANTED — Master coppersmith; $5 04 per
diem. An examination will be held at tha
navy yard. Mare Island. Cal., August 4. 1903.
to fill the above position. For application
and further information address "Command-
ant. Navy Yard. Mare Island. Cal."
YOUNG man to take charge of cash and who
" can keep complete set of books; also short-
hand and typewriting; must be able to give
flrst-class references and bond; good salary.
Box 4204. Call office.
TRY our men's ehoes. union made, at $1 per
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60. or orthopedic
shoes, $3 50: best shoes on earth. 11 Thirl
st.. Examiner building. 6 doors from Marmt.
WANTED — An experienced wrapper In dry and
fancy goods, at JOE ROSENBERG'S, 816
¦ Market st.
WANTED — A baker, second hand, on bread;
wages $10 per week. I. S. MULFORD. Eu-
reka. Cal.
A BOY about 16 for dry goods department. M.
FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post st.
WANTED— Strong boy. E. H. LEVY (Inc.),
513 Market at
WANTED — Boy of 10 for paint shop; sailor
preferred. O'NEILL. 25 Steuart st.
BARBER wanted; short-hour Job. 1062 Mc-
Alllster if »
FOR sale or lease— 2 chair barber ehop; rea-
sonable. 1034 Golden Gate ave.
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store. BALDWIN
JEWELRY CO.. 846 Market st.
WANTED — A first-class lunch man; must be a
good carver. 29 Stockton st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charge*. 11 Third si. Examiner bldg.
COPYING clerk wanted. . Box 4000, Call office,
Oakland. .
WANTED — Competent gardener and wife.
Apply between 9 and 10, 2304 Van Ness ave.
A YOUNG man to help around hotel. 1443
Harrison st. '.
WANTED — Two competent can makers. Ad-
dress. with reference. Box 4907. Call.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at 27 Geary »t.
WANTED — 1 cook, one waiter, 1 dishwasher;
, union. 133 Third st.
RELIABLE boy about 16; $4 50 «tart; extract
dept. Apply PAUL RIEGER. 161 First st.
GERMAN grocery and bar clerk: reasonable
wages and found; references. Box 4203. Call.
EXPERIENCED building ana loan men; new
territory; salary and commission. Box 1890,
Call office.
BOY wanted to learn pants pressing. 259 Ste-
venson St.. bet. Third and Fourth. ¦
BARBERS — Shop; 2 chairs; 4 living-rooms;
lease; snap. 2308 Howard at.
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD A CO.^
740 Market st.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to' 18 years
of age to learn the dry goods business. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Cash boys! Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS. >
WANTED— A bookbinder for all round work
In forwarding and finishing. Apply SAN-
BORN. VAIL A CO. 741 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made. a.*. $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11. Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men, between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-wat
In all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United State*. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 >^ N. Main
*t.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
' mento. Cah .
A BARGAIN— Flrst-class barber shop, doing a
good business in business portion of San
Jose for sale; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East San Fernando st.
San Jose.
WANTED— Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough ' carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. Placerville. Cal;. or room 14.
,26 Montgomery St.. Sao Francisco Construc-
' tlon Co. -' -
MEN to learn barber trade; only require* two
months to complete and secure position* ;
catalogue and -full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. fi33 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. .217 Third st.;' 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 SO to $3 per week.
•WANTED — Boy for office work; 15 years old.
806 Market st.. room 24 (Phelan building).
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; aga 16 years.
633 Mission st.
WANTED-^Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. S.F. Barber College. 741a Howa rd.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Kurope and
Australia.- HERMAN 1^. 26 Steuart »t.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe*
60c up; soling cheap. 023 Howard St.. nr. Oth.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Pa*t Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pbst.Q.A.R.
ALL sizes men'* shoes, slightly damaged half
- price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
¦ ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
1 HEtP WAirTKP — »A1.B Con.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
FRJuE FAKt.
vrVADA AND UTAH
NEVADA cQ , s QViS WOR1C
ECO laborers *$1 75 to $2 25 a day.
FReTfI^° RTH PARK
10 tunnelmen. f 3 , a day.
MEN Bf G CT LUMBE^ C CO SPA^
10 tunnelmen •••f^ .3 a day
10 muckers and teamsters. ....... i r j.5 a day
month and board. FREE FAKE.
rwieo butte CO.
CHICO> CHEAP FARE.
60 teamsters and rockmen $2 50 a day
CO laborers and axmen.. *- 25 a day
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE. OREGON.
25 coal miners **" *1 •> ton
:¦•.-- BIG MILL CO.
Saw millwright • W» nft^.5
Blacksmith §2 g> » <£*
Blacksmith helper f- £> a day
Machinist if&^JjL ,1
a w t,«oi tM*n«t#r4 .....soo a montn
Buckers and woodsmen.. $40 to $60 and board.
Laundryman. Institution, country. found.
Chore boy for ranch |2 l-, a^ I^
Blacksmith, country **i » „ J^"
Collector, city ¦ * }-> * w £*.
Carpenter foreman, country a **
job v^^^yjJQ^crl-ii^S^^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement*) and
subscriptions has been established at »w»
Valencia st. '^^^
~HORSES AXPTWAGONS.
ON account of going 'to 'Dulld. entire stock of
wagon*, buggies and harness must be aola at
¦acrtflce. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SOUND young horse, true and gentle, weight
about 1500 pounds, cheap. 2843 Mission st.
GAITED saddle hor»e; ride or drive; swell ap-
pearance. Clnb Stables. 409 Taylor st.'
10 GOOD horses from the country for sale
cheap. 327 Sixth at.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. B32 Ml»slon_st ; __
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. O.H.UMBSEN A CQ..14Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
tqjet. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Po*t at.
BROADWAY. 1519. near Van Ness — Sunny 8-
room house; newly renovated; stable; yard.
>— — —^ —^— — —^mmm^^mm
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished bouse, piano. 10 rooms;
very cunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic »v«.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FURNISHED house. 6 rooms and bath to let
cheap. 3933 Twenty-fifth *t.. near Church.
LIVFBY STABLES.
TOMKINSON'S livery stables. 57-59-61 Minna
*t.. bet. 1st and 2d — Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at meat reasonable rate*:
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Sunday evening at corner of Sutter st.
and Central ave.. a lady's black oblong
purse. Finder will be rewarded by returning
It to 2700 Broadway.
LOST — An Irish terrier dog: docked tail; short,
wiry brown hair; answers to the name of
I'at. Return to Calif. Safe Deposit A Trust
Co. and receive reward.
LEFT on steamer Cazadero. leaving Sausallto
S:45 Monday morning, package containing
coin and papers. Reward on return to 501
Market at.
LOST — Sunday night, tortoise shell comb. *et
with pearls. Liberal reward for return to
Orpheum box office.
LOST — Chute*. Sunday night, diamond stud.
Return to Nat. Laundry. 472 Geary. Reward.
LOST — July 18, gold diamond set shirt stud:
spiral broken. Shepherd. '¦'•**> Baker. Reward.
LOST — July 18, large black and tan Gordon
eetter dog; license No. 1582. Return to 213
Jones St.; receive reward.
LOST— School bonds of Laurel district. Ala-
moda County, for $1600; somewhere between
Sausallto and broad-gauge boat*: $20 reward
for return to J. R. CRAIG. Haywards.
LOST — Black beaded chatelaine containing ' a
two-opal ring and small change, near Polk
and Sutter sts. Return and receive reward.
740 Market »t.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San FranCiaco In in*
name of JANE BERNARD. No. 127-20©. Tli»
finder will plea*e return to bank.
FOUND— Two mastiffs! Apply U J. McDON^
ALD, Howard and Beale sts.. city.
IT will pay V» "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
' gold and silver to make new watch cases).
MEDICAL.
VALPEAITS female pills; best regulating pill*
sold; price $2 SO by express. Pasteur's syr-
Ir-se and tablets; price $2 SO. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH.
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; SO
years' experience. 728 Post st..' near Jonea.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1003% Market st., opp. 0th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female*
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market at.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A MATERNITY VILLA; private: secluded;
confidential. -DR. E. FUNKE. 141ft Eighth
st.. Alameda. '
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female comp.; 23 yrs. exper*nce.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2905 Folsom st., cor.
26th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell «t.. oppoalt*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALIJ. f
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunk*,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest charged; it will pay ycu to ex-
amine our coods and prices; established 1S30..
LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 25 Stockton »t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market tt.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines.
. pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented -and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE)
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beala »U
FOR sale — One thoroughbred blue gray Great
. Dane dog; 19 months old: weighing about 175
lbs. G. H. LUCKS. Mills College P. O..
box 10, Alameda Co.. Cal.
A — Fine aults. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny at.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler* water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. £53-235 Spear »t. /r
FOR tale — 1 pool. 1 billiard table, flrat-clasa
condition, with complete new outfit. Presidio
Post Exchange. Presidio.
PERFECT oil burner for cook stove; better
and cheaper than coal or gas. A. PH1N-
NEY. 517 Market. t
MILES of Pipe and fittings; alt slzej. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo »t.
MOVING picture film and Long aUdes. 109
Montgomery at. *
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market at.
All bargains : camp stools and <:halr* ha mmock ».
metal bed*. mattresge«.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
. picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all slses. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriters- all
make*-. ALEXANDER A CO.. 'lu Montr y.
MAGIC lantern*, new and 2d-hand -novm* olc-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 PoatTst.
A WEEK'S news for 5 r«nt» — The Weekly Call.
16 rajrea. In wrapper, for milling, st c*r year'
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ,
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 Pth st.; te).Je«sl» 2S3U
$-000 WORTH wst-off clothing wanted; Highest
pric« paid. 322 Grant ave. : t«L R«i 38M.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, German style, $30; cook, or-
phans' home, $35; 4 cooks, $30, city and coun- i
try; 0 second girls, $20, $25, $30; 2 kitchen
helpers; $25; dishwasher, $16: 2 chamber-
maids, $25, no board; 4 nurse girls, $20, $25;
second girl, assist children, $25; 2 gov-
ernesses, grown children, $25; chambermaid
and waiting, country hotel, $25; 2 waitresses,
for sanitarium, $25; 2 waitresses, $8 week;
nurse for orphanage, $20; nurse girl, child 2
years old, willing to ro to Chicago; house-
worker. Ross Valley, $30; cleaning woman.
$20; 44 houseglrls, at $20, $25. $30. city and
country. Arply to J.. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st.'- . .
A LADY'S maid, $30; a kltchenmald. $30; a
chambermaid and laundress, "$30; a waitress,
for Santa Cruz, $25; a second cook, for pri-
vate family, $30; a cook, for German family,
$30; a restaurant waitress, $7 per week; a
second girl, two In family; an Invalid's nurse,
$20; a laundress, for family, $30; an experi-
enced Infant's, nurse, $35. MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY 'AT
ONCE. S -
AMES & HARRIS.
\i:-> 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
HAIRDRESS1NO, manicuring, massage, hair
work: removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Si in 2 weeks for $4 60; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week: school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
A — Ladles, learn all branches halrdresslng
traie; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket hi., cor. Jones, room 94; positions se-
cured at highest wages; day & eve. class ;call
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In 1 month
for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton at., rm. 13.
WANTED— Experienced stenofcrapher: one
who Is familiar with the Smith Premier
typewriter. Apply between 9 and 11 a, m.
at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles*
tailor-made suits; steady position; cloak de-
partment. M. FRIEDLANDER & CO,< 237
Post st. ..•¦¦'".
NEAT, reliable girl for general housework in
small family; good wages; references re-
quired. Apply 2020 Green st.
WANTED — Blonde youne woman and a child
under B for stage. Applyv Alhambra Theater,
between 10 and 12, Wednesday. '
YOUNG girl for laundry and second work; ref-
erenceg. Call . Tuesday morning. 1117 Post.
YOUNG lady In picture frame store; $3 week
while learning. L. E. STRELL. »27 Howard.
NURSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter at. .
GIRL to wrap gum. NEWTON GUM CO.,
Second and Folsom sts.
WANTED — A good girl for housework and
assist In store. 486 Hayes st.
WANTED— Reliable gtrl to assist in house-
work; good wages. 80 Carl St., near Cole.
WANTED — Neat young girl to assist In light
housework and care of Infant. 2217 Webster.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST^.
- NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED.'
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING lOPERATORS AND-RIVETEKS
¦ ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN- FACTOR*.
32V4 FREMONT ST. LEV1 STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
¦ wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN &. CO..
056 Mission st. .
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' walsU;
good wat-ct; Hteady employment. 656 Mls-
Bion St.. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and in-
fants' wear; steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO., OMI Mission st.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
- terms easy. 816 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth and Valencia sta.
GIRL to care for two children. 001 Natoma
street.'
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chute* 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook'
ing; wages $15. 603 Devlsadero »t.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS. .. .
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles'
tailor-made suits^ steady position. Cloak
department. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post.
GIRLS for factory work; good wages; no ex-
perience necessary; steady employ tnent.
Gulf Bag Co.. 700-711 Front st. '
WANTEEt — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741
Market st.
-REFINED woman for position of trust with ;
I wholesale house; references required. Box
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
Wholesale house requires services of woman
over 25: accurate, trustworthy. Box 1871, Call.
LADIES can make from $10 to .$30 weekly at
home. Box 1894. Call office.
LADY to Co repairing In tailor store. Call
> 2410 Facramento st. ,
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and 1
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
THREE sawyers, also filer, good wages, for
mills; Iron molder, for country, ,$3 day;
miners, $2 50 and $3 day; laborers. $2 60 day
quarry men, $2 25 day; stable man. for coun-
try, $o5 and found: man about place, $25 and
found ; foreman for fruit ranch, $60 and
n 2-L farme .f 9> * 26 and * 30 and found: milk-
ers. 5.50 and $35 and found; butter maker, $40
and found; locksmith and sawfller, $2 50 day;
chore boy, for. ranch r sheep herder. $30 and
found: farmer and wife,-. $40 .and found;
blacksmith helpers, ; coopers and ; washer for
laundry, $45 and found; fruit, peddler. $20
and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C28 Sacramento at. '
BROILER. $75; restaurant cook. $70; vegeta-
¦ Die cook, $50; restaurant : porter, • $30; ? bell
, and elevator. boy, $20 and» room; porter, for
, Bprlngs, ;$20 an/1 found; dishwasher, for In-
[ s , tlt "" on> * 2 5. and .others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., C28 Sacramento at. '
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men/ women and
.-.-children.: Call- or . write; to^E., CLEMEN8
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
EDUCATIONAL— -Contlnned.
14 TEACHERS; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1203 Market., cor. Ninth.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
Bt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas: classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo 1024 Misslon.nr.eth.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bo*kkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD'S Buslnees College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 18C3; new 80-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S new* for B cents — Th<* Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 8752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japaneee-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kind* help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1P07 nn>DT/FV * rO.. fi40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT, neat woman wishes place to
take care of child cr Invalid lady, or assist
with cooking: $.5 50 to $5 per week; deep
home. 7»4 Folnom St., near Fourth.
DRESSMAKER and suitmaker, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, desires encasements by the day
or week In private families. MISS BARSS.
1024 Mission st.
A THOROUGH fitter in ladles' tailor and street
suits would like engagements at $t 50 per
day. 928 Post gt.: phone Hyde 3452.«»
A RELIABLE woman would like washing or
housecleaning for Thursday and Friday.
Room 3. 1050 Howard Bt.
BY young German girl, to assint \ In light
housework; German family preferred. 403
Lyon st. ,¦".? - ?
POSITION wanted by girl to do general house-
work or ccokinc- Call 31 Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED laundress wishes work by day
or week. Address Laundress. 015 Larkln «t.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements;
$1 75 per day; references. Box 4003, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants-position; house-,
work and cooking. 1407 Scott Bt. _^
WANT ads and eubscrlpt'ons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. ft33 McAllister rt.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
NEW YORKER (23), with highest local cre-
dentials, capable, energetic clerk, French,
German, desires situation here or elsewhere. |
Box 4908. Call office. :
COACHMAN. Al driver, first-class all around
man; capable of taking entire charge; strictly
sober and reliable; best of references. Box
4099. Call office. :
BOOKKEEPER, reliable and competent, de-
sires position with responsible house; best of
references given. Box 4900. Call office. '
A GOOD varnlsher and polisher wants work by
the day or Job; very reasonable; estimates
given. Box 4205. Call office.
WANTED — Cutter, reliable man, would like to
change situation. Address H. W. CLAY, 630
Twelfth St.. Oakland, Cal. .
DESIGNING, furniture and Interior, wanted by
first-class designer. Box 4904. Call office.
UNION barber wents work; steady or short
hours: city. Box 1897, Call office.
YOUNG man (24) wants position of any kind;
no canvassing. Box 4202. Call office.
HONEST young man wants position in city to
work during day while attending .business
college; good references. Address box 1808,
Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation: competent in
all branches; greenhouse, orchard, vegetables
and landscape gardening; references. Box
18S5, Call. ' I
PAINTING, paiwrhanglng, tinting and plas-
tering at the lowest prices and best work.
WM. HAPP. 134 Fulton ft.; tel. Paga 1421.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscription* ha* been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
*old; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT-CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will 6a ve you time and troubie.
Cordes Furniture Co.j 245-200 Geary st., on
the square. -
PARK flats; sew; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C et., one block to McAllister
cars; S rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, . 10 rooms;
$23 to $45: cunllzht all around: open.
0 ROOMS and bath, high basement, yard; new;
sunny; rent reasonable to permanent tenant.
3952 Nineteenth St.; Castro cars. -
BRYANT, 017%, near Seventh— Flat of four
rooms and bath. Call at 017 Bryant st.
SHOTWELL. 16. near Fourteenth— Sunny up-
per flat. 6 rooms, bath and yard. $22 60.
FLAT, 7 rooms and bath: sunny; convenient;
suitable, for doctor. C24 Green st. .
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; tt rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open. •
NICE 7-room flat; new; tinted; reasonable. 447
Broderlck st., bet. Hayes and Fell.
NICE, sunny upper flat. 0 rooms and bath.
1730 Ellis et.. near Stelner. .
TO LET— Flat of 4 room*: 1897 O'FarrelU
HOOKER & LSNT. 14 Poat *t.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.'
A FLAT to rent and new furniture for rale;
bargain. 1553 Post St.; inquire forenoon.
FLAT to let and furniture for - sale . at : 220
Eleventh st. • ¦ '.'.•*;¦".
FLATS' WANTED.
FAMILY of four adults wants 8-roorn house or
flat In .vicinity of Panhandle; rent $35. Ad-
tlress box 1834, Call office.
WANTED — Furnished fiat or cottage of from 7
to 10 rooms: willing to-nay good price for
derlrable location. Answer box 1S22. Call.
FURNITURE FOK SALE.
KIGHT-room house newly furnished cheap; go-
Ing away. 1435 Mission st.
~~ FURNITURE WANTED. . . V '
A. : 773. Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs; packs furniture, carpets.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
H. C. DECKER. 000 MARKET ST.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
6 rooms, modern flat, new furn *500
20 rooms, sunny, N. Market, cor., only 1.7C0
50-room corner hou*e. only. 3,000
21 rooms, only $300 cash. bal. paymts. 1,100
II rooms, only $150 cash 350
12 rooms, on Geary St.. near Powell.. SjO
26 rooms, on Market st., clears $200. . . 1,050
24 rooms, on Grant ave., only : 2,400
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200.... COO
48 rooms, clears $300 per month 5,000
30 room*, on Howard st.. clears $200. . . 1,700
66 rooms, elegant corner, clears $350... 6,800
Hotel and bar, M5 rooms, clears f 500. ..10,000
24-room house, on Howard st 350
100 houses from S to 600 rooms; all prices.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market st., cor. Stockton.
Phone John 531.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 400, Examiner bldg.—
Totels. apartment houses, fiats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 paxes, sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
EXTRA fine modern lodging-house. 15 rooms,
$1575; rent $C5. CLARK. 1007 Market Bt.
CA^ET-BEATIAG^AXp_ CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cotd, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama *t. ; y?l. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Csrpet-beatlng Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.; tel. Mltslon 40.
TRY IIOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter *t. ;
teL Ilaln 394. Geo. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet -beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Fast 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
RHEUMATISM, kidney and bladder troubles
cured by Histlonic suggestion; diagnosis free.
Institute of Science. 105 Ellis at.
JOHN SLATER— Readings to-TSay. 10 to 4; cir-
cle Wednesday evening 8:15 sharp. 330
O'Farrell. \
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circles evenings. 10c;
buslneas readings dally; ladles 50c. 148 Cth.
AT Mrs. Eberhardfs Hall. Tests, 8 p. m. sharp,
10c. 3250 Twenty-second; readings 10 to 4.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c. C19 McAllister st.; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; sittings. 10 to 12 and 1 to 6.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ___^__^
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree ana guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name. '
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restore* lost affections, reunites
the separated, cause* epeedy and happy mar-
riages, make* you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p." m. ; Sunday* 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell at.. 328.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
give* an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happening* and portray*
events to occur In the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied In life,
or neve domestic, love or business trouble*.
eon*ult tht* great triedium and you will b«
! told how to overcome them; valuable advice
i in all affair* of life; 23c up: eatlsfactlon,
guaranteed; readings by mall. Tel Black 1569.
A — CASHMHIE. the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept can be consulted regarding all matter* of
bUElne«s. love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation, changes, law, reuniting separated.
etc.; everything revealed; secret power to
change Influence or control any one or anything
i hp you wish In 3 to 21 days; reduced fees for
this week. 1007% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5: eend lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofnee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tell* the pa*t. present and future;
ladle*. 50c; pent*. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 120 Turk st.
Mrs. A.. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a Ehort time only: when others fall try me
to convince yourself. 402 Franklin, nr. Grove.
A— time. Ravenna read* life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gent* BOc: reading* dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents 60c. 951 Mission Bt., nr. 6th: open Sun.
OLDEST lady pahnlst and card reader In city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladle* 25c. gent* BOc
MME. GINSBERG. greate«t clairvoyant: ladies,
25c; gents. 60c. 35 5th St., rm. 9, 1st floor.
MRS. L. EHRHORN. clairvoyant, palmist;
Bitting* 25c up. Ill Chattanooga *t.. nr. 22d.
A wonder; have you seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st.. near Mission.
MHS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. *M8% Jessie tt.. bet, 5th and 6th.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. SO Geary T All
ailments of the fwt cured: com*, bunion*. to.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, «16 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4: collect Inns made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. S5S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms at Ocean View; near
cars; rent $10. Owner, 217 Point Lobos ave.,
city.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, BOc; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has"" re-
moved from 47 Post ct. to Mutual Bank bldg..
room 614. corner Geary and Kearny st*.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yr». : crown. $3 50; fillings. BOc;
plate*. $5: full set: all work palnle** and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bufh —
Set teeth. $1 CO up; crown?, f 2 up; filling*,25c.
GOLD filling* 75c. silver 3flc, crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates free.
New York Dentl*t». 909 Mlislon St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS &. BEAMSTB.ESSE8.
UcDOWELL Drettmaklng and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
' , PYXIUTQ AJTD CIiEA-4TUO.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagp'. 453. H. HICKMAN, pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE."
conducted by experts; bWt combined short-
hand and commercial course to be bad; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES. tbe leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket et. : c pedal summer course In all depart-
ment*; handsome catalogue free; Ufa scholar-
chip. $50; day and evening sessions.
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary st.,
room 43; ladle*' and gentlemen's private in-
struction; reception dally: phone Black 373S.
HEALD'S School of Mines & EIectrlclty,24 Poet
ct.. 8. F. ; a' practical school of engineering;
complete, equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Eerllts School of Language* has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mtn.. mech.. «ur-
vey, as*ay. cyanide; day, eve.; e*t. 1864. Van
dtr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now aijd.be ready for poaltlon In
fall. 8. F. BuBlnes* College. 1236 Market «t.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; tbe Golden
Gate Commercial College. -Van Ness and
Golden Cateave»..B.F.;flll* every requirement
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Autbortblp; largest in the West;.*
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franelreo
Call, comer Market and TMrd streets; open
tmUl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — B2T Montgomery' street,
corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
300 Oayes street: cpen until 9:80 p. m. .
CS» McAllister street; cpen until 9:90 p. m.
615 Larkm street: open until 9:30 p. m.
JW1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
nstll 6 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ta.
3096 Valencia street: open until » P. m.
Korthwest corner of Twenty-second and I».en-
tucky ttrpf'.i-: open until 9 p. m.
22"0 rr.lmor* etreet; open until 9 p. m. _
MEETING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Terba Buena m
Lodjre of Perfection No. 1, A. and /A
A Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. /Ig\
will be \ held in Commandery Hall. J*-*"^
Masonic V^mple. on TUESDAY EVENING.
July £1 1903 at 8 o'clock. Degree 12 and 13.
Visiting brethren cordially ln%-lted.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A . M.. flf
will m*t THIS .TUESDAY) EVEN- VV
ING July 21, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated /V\
meeting and R. A. degree. By order
cf the II. P.
FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A. fi
il. — Officer* and npmbfrt are hereby 7QT
notified to attend the funeral of our /V\
deceased brother, GEORGE STRAIT
SMITH, from the Masonic Temple. TUES-
DAY, at 1 :30 o'clock p. m. By order of the
W. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30. F. and »
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TCES-VV
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Sec- />f\
ond degree. By order of W. M.
ED\VIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— TMrd degree THIS (TUESDAY) VV
EVENING et 7:30 o'clock.
A. S. Hl'BBARD. Secretary.
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194,
I. O. O. F. — Initiation WEUXES- jfflrfwgb-.
• DAY EVENING. July IT-'. VIMt-
crs cordially invited. , "^^tttlTG^
QD8TAVK l£ HUEBNER, N. G.
ANDREW J. CLEAR Y. R. S.
2COTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SECURITY SAVINGS BANK—
Notice 1* hereby given. in pursuance
of a resolution of the Board of
s Directors of the Security Savings Bank, a
corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the Ptate of California, passed and
adopted on Tuesday, the 14th day of July,
11*0.1, at a regular meeting of eald Board, duly
held at Number 222 Montgomery street. In the
City and County of San Francisco, in the
i-'tate cf California, the same being tbe prin-
cipal piare of business of «ald corporation,
the Security Saving* Bank, and at the build-
ing whfre the Board "of Directors of *ald
corporation usually meet, tiiat a meeting of
the stockholders cf said corporation, the
Security Savings Bank, is hereby called for.
end will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
etreet, in eald City and County of San Fran-
cisco, the came being the principal place cf
business of paid' corporation, and beiru; at
the building where the Board of Directors of
eaid corporation usually meet, on Wednesday,
the 23rd day of September, l'.'Ut. at the hour
of three o'clock in the afternoon of said day.
for the purpose of considering, deciding and
acting upon th« proposition to increase the
capital etock of said corporation, the Security
Savings Bank, and to Increase It to the J
, amount of One Million Dollars. The amount
to which it i« proposed to Increase the said I
capital stock Is One Million Dollars. By
order of the Board of Directors. Dated. July
14 th. l'.Ktt. ; FRED W. RAY.
becretary ct the Security Savings Bank.
VNITED STATES Engineer Office, office of
California Debris Commission, Flood build-
ing. Kan Francisco, Cal.. July 21. 1903 —
l^ealed proposals for building portions of dams
< known as Barriers No*. 1 and 2) on Yuba
River, Yuba County, about 14 to -J5 miles
above Marysville. Cal.. will be received here
until 12 noon. August 5, ia03, and then pub-
licly opened. Information furnished on ap-
plication. R. P. JOHNSTON. Captain, En-
ginrtrs. Secretary-
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual j
meeting of the ctockholdera of the Bpreck- j
«lc Eugar Company will ba held at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. S«n Fran-
cinoo. on MONDAY the 27th day of July.
1903, at the hour of 11 a. ro.. for the pur-
pose of electinc a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
cf cucfa other business as may ccme before
the meeting. The transfer books will close
en Friday. July 24. 1903. at 3 p m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will he held at the
office cf the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, 'en MONDAY, the 27th day of
July, 1903, at the hour of 11:30 a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for tbe ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business a* may
ccme before the meeting. The transfer
bocks will close on Fridsy. July 24, 1903, at
3 p. m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Works — The anual meeting of the
stockholders of tbe Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
fuch other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting, will be held at the office
of tbe company. No. 29S Steuart street, San
FranclBco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
crust, 19C3. at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WAKTED. !
THE only authorized life of Pope Leo XIII.
Written with the encouragement, approba-
tion and blessing of his Holiness, by Mgr.
Bernard O'Reilly, D.D. LL.D.. who for
«lght jears lived in the Vatican as domes-
tic pn-Iate to the Pope. This dlstingulFhed
Airont an author was eummoned to Rome
and appointed by the Pope as his official
biographer. Approved and recognized by Car-
dinal Gibbons an<l all church authorities as
tb<* only cfncia. biography of the Pope. Over
S00 pages magnificently Illustrated.- Pub-
lished in EnjrMih. French and German. Un-
paralleled opportunity for agents. Best
cotnmiBMion. Elepant outfit free. THE JOHN
C. WINSTON CO.. 328 Dearborn at.. Chi-
cago. III.
BIG money celling authentic life of the Pope.
Best book and terms. Write. Chicago Bible
House. Chicago.
ASTROLOGY.
Aetrcloey taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mond bnoketcre.649 Ellis. By mail If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
EOBt! W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner^ bid",
rm. Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wills.
attachments, collection*, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charge*; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PROMPT attention to all cases ;dlvorce. estates,
collection*; no fees unless successful: call or
write; 'eves. Tues. and Frt.; eat. IS yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. C27 Market ;tel JegEie 1S30.
ADVICE free — I will advance, cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorce*, probate and all other law
c**es; no fee* in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON, 619 Market st.. r. 3L
ADVICE free; divorce* a ¦peclalty;qulck.quiet;
bo charge without succ«bs; established IS yn.
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market gt.. opp. Hale'*.
AITKEN & AITKEN. •tttorney*. rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bid*.. 603 California sU ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. C32 Msr-
ket St.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 827 Market.
U. Z. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels bldg.. 'JZl Mar-
Y*\ ft.: consultation free; no fee* In advance.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. . .
YOUNG talking parrot*.$5 oach;German singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you; every -
thing In our line at right prices. 154« Market.
HOARDING. FOU CHILL-KKN.
NICE home for infants or children by one who
loves thf-m. 1818 Prince St.. Berkeley.
CnAACES.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! ""**""" "~ % * ~*
10 cigar *tcr*B; money-maker*.
25 lod?ing-hous€8; all bargains.
10 *aloons; good locations.
1 beer route agency for city.
1 fruit etore; horse, wagon; a bargain.
3 candy mores on Market st.
EDWARDS. 331 Kearny St.. room 12%.
FOR SALE — Good paying restaurant. $25o7
2723 Sutter Et. .
FO11 SALE— Daily newgpaper route In Califor-
nia town of 25,000- pay* well; ctean work.
Address SI. J. T., Call office.
$000 — GROCERY, fruit and produce store; a
ganfly; $17 dally trade. 1032 Market, r. 4.
HAIitDUESSING parTor*; cheap; value in night;
eood location; retiring. 1153 Mkt.. bet.'tb-tsth.
UAKKRY and delicacy etore for sale; must be
pold; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN nitride rrmt» for salf. Apply Cs.ll office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOK SALE.
100 ROOMS: bouse for men; rent $140 $4000
l> roomi: routh of Market; rent $100. 2000
fl roome; corner; part ca*h; bal. easy. 853
II' room*; good income; rent $20 350
21 room*: water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good leave; low rent 6500
f.7 rms.:apartroents;We*tern Add; rent. 250
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotel*. roa£houEes, flat*. S to 1C0 rooms. -
EITKL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny «L
: _JEIiP WAXTED— MALE— -Con. 7 '
MURRAY & READY,
- . 034 and 636 Clay et.
PHONE MAIN 5848. PHONE MAIN 6843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
" THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
.WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
* MAN AND MAN. /
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL. .
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana, , - Oregon,
San Fernando, lc :-;V. Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona. • Wlllits. Ukiah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH,
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
— — — - * •
Carpenters and helpers, pile driver*, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
. blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4, $3 50, $3. $2 50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 63C Clay st.
WHAT IS IT?
40 laborers for woods, in timber, etc.; no ex-
perience wanted; $40 and found.
WHERE IS IT?
MONTEREY CO.— YOUR FARE PAID.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay St.
TO PARADISE— BOSS HERE.
, 65 teamsters, laborers, $75.
65 drillers and hammersmen, $75.
OREGON — FREE FARE.
26 coal miners. $3 to $5 day. .
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD. .
1C5 laborers, etc., different divisions, includ-
ing Santa Barbara, San Luis Oblspo, Milton,
Farmlngton, Gllroy, Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
20 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit, $75.
' GOLD AND SILVER,
COPPER AND COAL.
06 miners, single and double hand, some 8
hours, $85. $00.
16 tlmbermen, different Jobs, $90.
165 muckers, different johs, $75. -
.¦'.IU laborers, no experience required, $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen, $75, $85.
HGi laborers, no experience required, $60,
$C7 CO.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work, Including
factories, excavating, buildings, mills, etc.,
$2 50 an.J $2 day, located In San Francisco
and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands, $1 50, '$1 75, $2
and $2 50 a day. • •
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
2C3 general hands, 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
90 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
Ifi hay balers. 20c and 25c a ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
.16 fjtablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
and $60.
20 choremen. $40, $35. $30 and $35 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, different Jobs, $70, $60,
$50 and found.
4 cooks^and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $85. $C0. $50 and found.
564 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 50, $3, $2 60, $2 day.
9 wagon and carriage makers, $3 50, $3 day.
12 carpenters, city' and country Jobs, $4,
$3 50, $3 day.
9 machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare, $C0 and found.
15 coopers, lie: 6 carriage painters, $90: 6
brick molders, $3 50 day; plasterers, $5 50;
structural Iron workers. j "
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1, $2 25
to $3 r.0 day.
MURRAY & READY.- 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ETC. ~~~^~~
57 cooks, all over California $90. $80 $75.
$00, $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants saloons, harvest outfits etc.
18 waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found.
3(5 pot and dish washers, $35, $30, $20 and
found.
15 bell- and elevator boys, porters, bedmakers.
$30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $18 week up.
0 bakers and helpers. $35. $40. $30 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp. $35 fd.
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay at.
YOUR FARES PAID "
TO 89 SAWMILLS.
WOODS. YARDS, ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located in. 4 States and 2 Territories.
SCO laborers without any experience, $35 to
$70 and found.
I" men for planing mills.
16 full day crews for woods, mills; 9 night
crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150, $100. $90. $80. $70, $60. $50. $40
and found.
Everything from a, swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE TO FREE FARE
FRESNO.
25 laborers; call early; your railroad fare
FREE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
OREGON. BOSS - FARE PAID.
HERE.
12 "laborers. SAWMILL. $35 to $80 and fd.
Trimmer; call^jearly. FARE PAID.
2 rough carpenters millwrights.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARE i B L FARE
TRUST.
Manager here; see him to-day.
45 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $80
and found.
Swampers, line pullers, bakers, tree fellers:
sawyers. Jack screwers. $40 to $80 and found;
big lumber company.
MURRAY & READY.- 634-630 Clay st.
BIG LUMBER SYNDICATE. *
Located In Heart of Gold Mines.
2 Dolbeer loggers. $90; millwright, $100.
. 3 fdooI tenders, $60; 2 log loaders, $60.
C 8 buckers, $f>5; 5 two- horse teamsters, $60.
10 laborers to pile lumber, $6O; 8 swampers,
$35 and found; machinist,- $90; blacksmith,
little shoeing, $90; blacksmith helper, $67 50;
blacksmith helper, woods, $67 50; man to
handle logs on deck, $67 50, board; etc., 45c
a day. i '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE TELEGRAPH and MAIL.
Steward, country hotel, $40 to $50 found.
Young man about city paint store. $9.
LOOK'.
Ratchet setter, Alles block, 25 M mill. $85.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, $4 fd.
. TRACTION ENGINEER, $3 DAY.
3 men, 4 hours' work dally, . $2 day.
3 hoy?. learn manufacturing trade, $15-$20
and found. •
Cook, sawmill, few men, $35 and found.
Solderer for cans, country, 20c to 22 Vic hour.
Blacksmith, camp, near city, $3 day.
Horseshoer, camp, fare 30c, :v '$3 day.
6 Austrian laborers, free fare.
Stableman, Alameda Co., fare $1 30, $30 fd.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
12 men among fruit, etc., fare $1, $26 found.
LOOK!
Carriage setter, lumber company, boss here,
$3 75 day.
Shingle sawyer, fare paid, north, $40 found.
Butcher, slaughter-house, fare $2.
Boy, printing office, $6; baker's helper, $30.
Teamster, sawmill company, fare paid,
north, $60.
2 beam hands, tannery, $2 to $2 23 a day.
German-Swiss milker, fare paid. $35 found.
G track laborers, R. It., fare 15c, board in
hotels, $2 25 a day. steady Job.
Budder, nursery, $40 and found; 2 milkers,
60c fare. $35
25 laborers to make shingle bolts, $7 50 per
hundred bolts; tools, found, board BOc day.
FOR ONE SAWMILL.
Cook, $45; second cook, $40; dishwasher, '$35;
waiter. $35.
VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA.
U5 men. all classes of work. -
. Blacksmith, lumber company, $3 day
Forter, city saloon, $11 week: 3 bellboys, $15.
: 3 miners, fare $4. It's a good mine, $75.
2 milkers, same place. $3O to $50 and found.
Cook. 4 men, $20; cook. 18*men. $40; cook.. 7
men. $30; dredger, camp and ranch.
Crispmaker, . $10 week; boy, hardware store,
$4 to )6; private family choreman, $25; baker,
shop,' south. $50.
TOGETHER— 30c FARE.
Second cook, $50; pantry boy $30; club boy,
$20; cook, ranch, 8 men, $25; porter, city
etore, $40. - -
TOGETHER— FARE PAID.'
• Gang edgerman. $50 and found; traction en-
gineer, $00; saw flier and hammerman. : $80
and found.
Blacksmith, camp, city. $3: clerk, good Job.
LOOK! IT'S GOOD.
16 laborers, private Job, board yourselves,
$2 25 day.. '
FREE TO WILLITS. UKIAH. ' :
-26 teamsters and laborers, free fare, $67 50.
NEW. WORK AND FREE FARE.
29 Austrlans. free fare. $2 to $3 day
1 26 Italians, free fare, $2 to $3 day
' GO Greeks, free fare. . $2 to $3 day
MIDNIGHT^" MURRAY*: READY.
ORDERS. \ ¦¦¦¦-- 634-636 Clay gt
A— HOTEL Gazette. 20 Montgomery, room 12.
Second -baker, $40 and found; helps waiter.
$25; vegetable man, ; $30; second cook. $00;
elevator . boy.- $15. - ' ¦ v - -' '-- .
TRY our men's shoes at': $1 pair: foot-form
shoe* at " $2 50 ; we pay express charges. 11
Third »t.i Examiner big.; catalogue tent free.
WANTED— Cash boys, $15 a month. ROOS
BROS.; 25-37 Kearny st.
BARBERS attention— Shaving parlor for sale;
living rooms. Inquire 1541 Geary »U -_.
BIRDS^^fiEATHER^
The proof of the adage that Is seen in the sketch
May be found in The Call any day.
Since because of results which our Want Ads. e'er fetch
Theyre increasing in power, all say.
For the woman or man who a good place would find,
And the same quickly gets our aid, •.
Tells the good news thereof to friends likewise inclined,
And 'tis thus that ou r patrons are made.O. C. Martin to Mary A. Martin, lot on B
line of Mississippi stre-U 175 N of Nineteenth.
N 25 by E 100; $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcusa to Carolina K.
Lesse. lot on S line of Lake- street. (50 E of,
Fourth avenue. E 30 by S ICO; $10.
Rose Hogan to G. E. Porter, lot on E line of
Second avenue. 200 S of Clement street. S 25 by.
E 120; $4800.
State of California, by E. J. Smith, Tax Col
lector (property assessed to Joseph Ward) to
F. O. Mcl£ay, lot on NE corner of Twenty-first
avenu* and A street, E 2K:10 by X 1U0; *112. ¦
Caroline M. Hagen to Ernest W. Kaufman,
lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 120 S of H
street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Fairmount Loan Association to Henry T.
Blanchet Jr., lot on S line of Precita avenu*.
75 W of York street. W 25 by S 100. lot 8. Ray
and Plumbe's subdivision of Prectta Valley lots
228 to 231: $10.
Helen Panccast to Charles H. and Elizabeth
Callow, lot on N line of Casein street. 50 E of
Clover alley. E 25 by N K. block 1, Ploche and
Robinson's subdivision; $10.
-Hiram F. and Mary E. Kell«y (by "William
H. Bremer and Julius Jacobs, trustees) to
James M. Ellis. 1890 T>. 161. lot on W line Of
Ware street. 109:4ft N of San Bruno. N 23. W
ai:5S. SE 30:6%. E 76. lot 2 block 7. Garden
Tract Homestead, trustee's deed; $391.
Builders' Contracts.
Estate of Charles Sutro n>y executors) to M.
A. Meier, lot on SW line of Seventh avenue.
225 SE of C street. SE 73 by SW 100. lot ».
block 160, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Associatlorl; also lot on W corner of
Seventh avenue and D street. NW 73 toy SW
100. block 148. same; $335.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to F. E.
Seitlel Company, lota 88 93 to 96. 99, 127 to
130. and 135. Haley map No. 1. $515.
Bernhard and 'Rose - Gets to Philippe and
Elizabeth Glbeau. lot on SE line of London
street, 1C0 NE of Brazil. NE 25 by SE 100.
block 13. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Antoine and Grade Borel to Bernhard Gets,
lot on E corner of Paris street and Persia ave
nue. NE 25 by SE 100. block 19. same: $10.
Timothy J. Kenny to, Lizzie A. Merralls. lot
18. block 41, Sunnyslde; $400.
Behlow Estate Company (owners) with Wil
liam Cronan (contractor^, architect William
Curlett — Tin and galvanl&d Iron work for a.)
seven-story brick butldlag on 3 line of Geary I
street. 77:6 E of Powell, 87:6 by 13* : 6; $2685..
Henry Kahn (owner) with M. Levy (contrac
tor), 'architects Cunningham St Pollteo — Plumb
ing and gasflttlng for alterations and additions
to a three-story brick building on NE corner ef
Van Ness and Golden Gate avenues, N 120 by
E aoft; $2450.
Edward C. Counter (owner) with George Let
terell (contractor), architect A. J. Barnett— All
work for a two-story frame building on W llna
of Dame street. 275 S of Thirtieth, S 25 by W
125;. $2900.
George Robins (owner) with Ira W. Coburrt
(contractor), architect T. P. Ross — All work
except brick, terra cotta and stone work for
two additional stories on a one-story and base
ment building on N line of Market street. 61 :3
E of Hayes. E 50 by N 100; $15,500. i ,
Same owner with Rainey * Phillips (con
tractors), architects same — Brick, terra cotta
and stone work for same on same; $40(XX
Alameda County.
Sophie and John B. Sommers to Wilson R.
Ellis, lot on N line of Delaware street. 26« W
of Milvla W W by N 133. lot 23, block B.
Janes Tract Berkeley (recorded July 18. 1903);
$10
Wilson R. and Alice Ellis to James R, Da
vis, same (recorded July 18. 1903); $10.
Gertrude Cameron and Momln C. or Morton
C. Johnson to Charles A. Johnson (father of
first parties), lot on S line of Eighteenth street.
3»:8 K of Willow, E 27 by 8 104. lot 10. block:
526v Casscrly Tract at Point, Oakland: gift.
John and Frederick A. J. Treadwell to Stand
ard Realty and Development Company (a cor
poration), lot on NW line of Third street, 75 W
o{ Myrtle, W 50 by N fti. lots 4 and 5. block
481. Hard's Addition to Adeline and Market
Street Homestead. Oakland: $10.
Catherine F.' Hobson (widow) to Ruth Miller
(widow) l^s acres, beginning at point S of
Ea«t Twenty-seventh street. 2H4. 3« E of Twen
ty-first avenue. E 232.86 by S 230. East Oak
land; $10.
Ruth Miller (widow) to Daniel W. Hobson.
undivided % Interest in same; $10,
National • Undarwriting and Trust Company
(a corporation) to Theodore Kueppers. lot on
NW corner of Effle and Lowell streets. N
132:5 by W 50. lots 1 aad 2. block 23. map of
resubdivlslon of Smith's subdivision of Mat
thews Tract. Berkeley; J10.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to William H.
Fearey. lot 8. block E. Latham Terrace. Brook
lyn Township, subject to deed of trust for
$12C0: $10.
James T. and Jessie Eccleston to Heron-
Holcomb Company (corporation), lot on E llna
of Union street, 334 :SU N of Eighth. X 30 by
E 133:3. block 548 Boardman's Map. Oakland:
$10.
Heron-Holcomb Company (corporation) to
Emma L. Moberger (widow), same. Oakland:
$10. .
James J. McElroy to Michael and Mary
Petrocelll. lot on S line of Fifth street. 23 w
of Filbert. W- 25 by 9 94. lot 31. block 490.
same map. Oakland: $10.
Sam* to Patrick Haley <wldower>. lot on
SW corner of Fifth and Filbert streets. W 25
by S 94. lot 32. block 4S0, same. Oakland: $10.
Robert H. Oldrelve to Hannah M. Oldr*lv#.
lot 6. block 12, amended map Central Park.
Alcatraz and Newbury stations. Berkeley.- $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi,^ /TUESDAY^ JULY ,21, 1903.
David and Annie Cohen - to Frances Fugler,
lot "on N line of Turk street, 162 :<J E of Buch
anan. E 25 by N 1S7:6; $10.
Samuel B. Welch to E. O. McCormlck. lot
commencing 100 S of Broadway and 130 W of
Laguna. street, W 7:6 by S 27:8%; $10.
Jesse D. Carr to Emily F. Pope, lot on SW
corner of Eddy and Flllmore streets. W, 137:6
by S 110, quitclaim deed; $1.' >- K
•Emily F. Pope to Julius Ruedlger, came: $10.
•' Adam and Christina Barthol to Frederick
Klopper, lot on E line of Scott street. 97:6 3 of
Haight. S 27:6 by E 68:9; $10.
I. C. Scharff (trustee) to W. J. and Mary F.
Parker, lot on N line of Sutter street,x71:6 W
of Scott. W S3 by N 100; $10.
R. E. and Lucy C. Ragland to same, same;
$10. (
• Mathias and Jeanette Meyer to Henry B. Un
derhill, lot on' N line of Vall»Jo street. 180 E
of Baker. E 42:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Lillie B. and Jesse W. Lltlenthal to Reuben
P Hurlbut, lot on E line of Masonic avenue,
125 S Of Halght. 8 25,-E 125. N 12:fl, W 12:6.
N 12:6 W 112:6; $10.
Mary E. Simpson to Morris Oser. lot on N
line Of Clay street. 110:7 Vi W of Walnut, W
26:10% by N 127:8Vi; $10.
Frederick R. and Alma E. Drlnkhouse to
George W. and Mary Frank, lot on S line of
Sacramento street, 112:6 W of Locust. W 23
by S 100: $10.
Vincent D. and Eda M, Gray to Alfred J.
Gray and Maude G. Eyre, undivided one-third
of lot on W line of Jessie street, 110 S of Her
mann, S 50 by W 77:6; $10. ¦ '
Gustave Rosenthal to David, Samuel and
Isador Rosenthal. undivided three-eighths of lot
on W line of Capp street, 95:2% S of Sixteenth,
S 25 by W,1O5; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Cath
erine Reingpach. lot on N line of Liberty street,
55 E of Chuch. E 25 by N 114; $925. , -
Catherine Nlcolal to Edith Perasso (wife of
Paul) and Emma. Nlcolai, lot on E line of No«
street, 53 S of Ford. S 25 by E 110; gift.
Miranda Weller to Balthasar Huth, lot on E
line of Stockton street. 36:9 S Of Union. 8 0:9
by E 57:6; $10. • .
¦ Same to Emll HIrsch. lot on SE corner of
Union and Stockton streets. S 39*6 by E 57:6;
$10. • ' . -.' - -
Patsjck Nolan to Ellen &L Nolan, lot on 5f->
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
line of Pacific street. 132:7% lfi of Larktn. 13
24:10%. N 54. E 38:9. N la. W 53:», 3 11:7.
W 4-3, 8 60:5; gift.
- Mary Canning to W. P. Dwyer. lot on SB
line of Minna street. 105 NE of Third. NE 40
by SE 80: $10 .
15
PAGIF^lG: 1GO/\ST DEPARTMENT,
423 California Street.
CESAR BERTHBAU,\Manager - - -i- ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager.
• ; MARTIN RASCHBN and GUS MBSS^NGER, City Agents.
STATEMENT
¦ . i . .
HOME OFFICE"
" OF THE!
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
Aachen \ Munich Fire
Insurance Company.
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EM-
plre of Germany, on the 31st - day of
¦December A. D.. l»02. and for the year end-
rng on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by th« Commissioner. *£.'•;¦'
CAP1TAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up „,.,,¦ -
In Cash $450.000 00
ASSETS. v
Real Estate owned by Company.. $93f.l*J «>
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,782,909 66
Cash Market Value of all [ Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company,. 2.166.0S3 S2
Cash in Company's Office "-°J2 "
Cash in Banks.. 628.OM 1-
Interest due and accrued on all ,.~ ' .
Stocks and Loan* 84,807 04
Premiums, in due Course of Collec- _
tion • 588.168 13
Bills receivable. not Matured. - -
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 203.187 73
Total Assets .$6.302.476 2S
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid; loss?s
In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense: losses resisted. Includ- _
Ing expense. $347.750 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one ¦ year or I less. re-Insur-
ance 50 per cent: gross premiums
on Fire Risks running more than -
' one year. re-Insurance pro rata. 2.203.463 80
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 562 50
All other ' Liabilities. ......../.... 612.661 VI
Total' Liabilities ......... $3.164,43S 87
INCOME.
N« cash ' actually received for
- Fire premiums $2,878,551 51
Received for .Interest on Bonds
) and Mortgages. 77.619 31
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bends. Stocks. Loans, and * r ¦' ,
from all other sources 74.152 29
Received from all other sources... 85.167 23
Total Income ................ .$3,115,490 36
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~"~
Net amount . paid for Fire Losses
(Including $77,823 00. losses of
previous years) $1,359,077 48
Dividends to Stockholders 833,640 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
\ Brokerage ...'. 49S.S77 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other • ¦¦ ¦
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 823.787 7»
Paid for State. National and Local'
.taxes .... 27.008 94
'All other -"payments and expendi-
tures 126.170 89
V- Total Expenditures $2,*674.362 21
Losses Incurred during the rear.. $1,421,107 00
Risks '&' Premlums.l Fire Bisks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ¦ . -.
. .written during the
year $2,604,561,750 $3,156,131 83
Xet amount of Risks . ' ¦ ¦
.expired during the
year .....y. 2.4S3.481.783 4,813.523 62
Net amount In force •
December 81. 1002. 1.533.519.333 2.867.^16 04
. -ROBERT VON GORSCHEN. -Prest.
- .-¦; FRITZ SCHROBDER. -GenL Mgr ; .
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of June, 1903.
•...'.• "¦•. FRANKLIN BEAUDRT. -
;• . ,;• U. S. Consul.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFTAIBS
HANOVER^FIRE
Insurance Company
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. Dv
1902. and for the year coding on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths*
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by ths- Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash $1.004000 08
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company .. $450, ono, ot>
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 3,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 2.537.812 63
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... BOO 00
Cash In Company's office ......... 19.731 01
Cash In Banks . -y. SCO. 564 27
Interest due aad accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans 16,931 CO
Interest due aad accrued on Bonds .,
and Mortgages 14 69
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection . 434.084 I«
Rents due and accrued t. 608 81
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 21.303 89
Total Aasets .$3,783,167 85
''¦¦' ' MS i | y
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $103. 133 a3
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense , 124765 S<
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 44.3S3 3d
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run» V : ,;.iH>J'*rT}-
ntng one year or lew, $1,737.-
788 82: reinsurance 50 cer cent... 86$ 89* «i
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year,' 11.606.-
213 88: reinsurance pro rata 869.231 S3
Commissions and Brokerage du»
aad to become due .............. 90.140 17
All other Liabilities 41.&3» 43
' Total Liabilities .$2,149,514 *80
INCOME. ¦
N«t cash actually received for Firs
premiums *• $2,242,033 SO
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •• 173 <XJ
Received for Interest and dividends ? L'"^
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
s from all other sources .'. W.225 «!»
Received for r«nt» 27.."U2 5S
Received from all other sources.... 82.S62 S3
Total Income <..S2.43S.S19 84
EXPENDITURES. .-.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses . .
(Including $247,667 81. losses of -
previous years) : ; .fl.Iflft.wn 5rt
Dividends to StocJtholdf^s .... ,£0.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 439.52S £1
Paid for . Salarle*. F»— and other
' charges for officer*, clerk*. «te. . 15.1.244 03
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 60.609 43
All other payments and expendi-
tures . . ". 1*0.836 33
Total' Expenditures J2.0i2.ft0r: R7
Losses Incurred during the year. .11.174.113 6S
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks.! Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksl ". t~^ '
written during thel
yJar V. $313,624,760 $3,243,033 07
Net amount of Rlsksl
expired during thef
y»ar rvV. 284.309.804 2.707.120 40
Net amount In force!
December 81, 1&02...I 333.P7t.M« 3.344.CO2 70
...- - : CHAS. A. SHAW. Prest.
». JOS. MeCORD. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* me. t&ls
2flth day of January. 1003.
CHARLES F. SHAW. ..
Commissioner for California In New York.
BIONBY^TO LO.VV
AAA— UiZiiJaAJi." MCUl'liV. -
C01-CU2-OO2 iTxamiuer buUdlcg.
Quick tettlcr-itnis; no disappointment.
Sav» expenses by <lea.li\jz d.rectly.
Kittttj-, second mort£iL6^t. undivided inter-
ests, assignments of s-enti. property in trust,
etc.; itgiiCi«-s, llff estates ix :i<i undivided in-
terests is property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money .
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY rtspevisifcle private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jew^elry. at
lowest rates. P>aldwio Jewelry €tor». SJ6
ilwket et.. tel. Main 1C-U. Branch, 19 Third.
btOXKT loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants. tcamstPi-s. boardinji-houses. without
tecurlty; easy payment!--; largest business In
4G principal c;tie«. Tciman. 553 Parrot b'.dg.
A— 1 per cent en furniture cr piano-; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $"5 up: quic«c.
quiet, confiaentia!. ?C Mor.tscmery ct-.rrn. ..
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. iat Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
AT cut ratee on real e.-tate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 10C3 Mutual
Bav. Bit. bid.. 7CS Market: phone Main Sl«-
S. F. CIKCOCNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOfPLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to Itan on low Interest ; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl? and precious stones bought
at \V. JT. HESTHALL'S. 10 Sixth st.
GOOD name*- lt.ca furniture. 2d mortgage;
any *eci;rtty. 302 Mcntcomery et.. rm. 16.
2% ON furniture & piano*; SIS ut>: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy ft., floor 4.
AI.L loans on <«iemoni> ani jevitirj' 2 per cent
mo. P. F. Collateral Loan V.ank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Ca cf Wyoming lonns money : to
salaried employe*. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MOIIRKLL. C09 Examiner bid.
A VTEEK'S news for S cent* — The Weekly Call.
1*1 p«ee<«. in wr«rr*r. fnr maltirr. $1 uer year.
MISICAL. IXSTRl'MEXTS.
A NUMBER of g<x>d pianos returned from
renters will 1* told at greatly reduced prices.
Among th^^e mfftruments are several of the
leading make*. Other bargains:
3 Chickerinss $150. $ISj. $2"S
1 Kimball. walnut upright, celluloid kers..<»".S
2 Emwon $1S5. f-'15
2 Stelnway $JS5. $2S3
4 Heine $235 to *3?5
12 tquares $15 to $170
10 organs - .'. -. $10 to $75
Ilenis $2 up. allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano-players from J90 up; new
piannf from $117 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
236-237 Geary et. ; • phone Main 5744.
ETEINTVAY upright, left by private party.
$1C3; great bargain. £27 Geary st.
A FEW rood upright pianos from $70. compris-
ing Vose. Sterling. Jaeobscn. Schwechten,
Fherwood. Weser. Marshall A "Wendell.
Halnes. Everett and others; easy ->ayments.
BENJ. CCRTAZ & EON, 1C-23 O'FarreU et.
No branches in San Francisco.
THIS wefk we give BIG BARGAINS instead
of bljr "aijs." Our prices sre nil right and
our terms easy. THE ZENO MAUVA13
MUFIC CO.. 7C9 Market st.
BAND instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus ilkiwaid. Art- P«c. Coast. 278 O'FarreH:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
KOHLER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
and eldest piano house.
MAGNIFICENT Kr.ab^, 3-pedal upright piano
at great te; leaving city. 320 O'Fairell 6t.
BEST rentir.r piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 6C0 Hayes St.
BARGAIN; good upright; must be sold at
one*. BCHMBB & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
£-OHMER, Byron Mauzy piancs. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violin.*, zithers, old and new. H."
Mt'LLKR. irak«r. rT3irer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
ONE or two small office*, centrally locate J,
furnished or unfui-nirh*!. FU'table for flrel-
class gtenogrir-her. Box 4902, Call offlce.
STORE wifh large basement: near Kearcy st.
See owner. C3C Clay et., roosi-l.
EAN6CME. 712. r.^ar Jackson— Handsome large
Etcrw to Jet cheap.
WINDOW and part of a well-lighted store.
AitIv CIS Post rt.
PAL'ffSTHV.
11 BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 85 Third et.;
ladles. 25c; gents. 30c; brs.IO-9 (ex. Sunday*.
PAPERHA\GI\G. PAINTI.VG. GTCU
BOCSU i^pered, $3 10 up: tinting, painting"
Hartirarn Pair.t Co.. S19 3d St.; tel. Main 413
_^JPERSOX.1LS. "' . .
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles. *e!iow end fiabby skin, birthmarks.
emalipcx r'ttings ar.d scars scientifically r«-
mcvei without cutting, massage, electricity or
rredicine; special demonstrations this week.
Call sr m-rlte DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
MORPHINE, cp.um and laudanum habits cured
st hcine by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed rnd used fcy leading physicians; corre-
spondence Ftrictly confidential ; In plain, sealed
envelcre; call or write to-dayv India Drug
Cure. 2C1 Turk «t.; Bruce D. Klmmls. Mgr.
WASTED — ¦£• mra with »calp diseases ; Iocs
cf hair and baldness prevented <can treat by
rr.ail. blank for stamp); consultation free;
6:3'i to «. Sundays 10 to 12. Pror. GEO. A.
GARLQwySpeciaiiEt. room 218. 897 Market.
THE Etar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growih; stops falling.cures dandruS
and itching tca^s: no ctain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; StdrugeiEts'. hairdreEsers' ;ac-
cept r.o substitute. Star Remedy Co..3SSGeary.
NOT how ch»ap. bat how good, is the motto of
the mar.ulicturers of the Rapid RqLary
Standard, the ecwing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agmt. 1021 Market at. .
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
rraner.tly tncrchlne. cocilne habit. Call or
address Central Pharmarjv 2S1 Grant ave..
rorner Sutter el; ie-e moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Punrtay evpnlnirs at Teutonia Hall. Howard
t-t.. nf-ar Nfath: raanapment Prof. Foster.
AT jess than cost, uncalled for eu its, overcoats
. ecc trouR*rs. at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market Et.
ELEGANT suits en e&«y Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
kft tt.. between Seventh and Eighth. »¦
SUITS to order on inrtallments. $1 per weeic
Keufcaus &. Co.. rnerch. tailors. 727-723 Market.
ALL styles hairdressinir. 2.V: hair goods' rr.ar.i-
curing 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 t>0: dress~pants $2 50
KlKfit Clcth'r.g Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
EUPERFLL'OUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs Traverse. 1170Market-
MASQUERADE roFtumen. play books, wig*,
country orders. GOLL<STEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUJTS Egj'ptian Henna, restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
Eupertruous ha^r tc moles removed with elec-
tric nee&Je. Mrs. & Mies Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or m-rlte for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
1AMS CO.. 140 Oirv Ft S. F.
PROPOSALS.
CAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. June 22. 1803.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. July
li»03. a«d then opened for construction of
frame buliainfis. Including plumbing, wiring
tnd heating, at Fort Mlley and Fort Baker.
• Cal. Government reserve* right to reject or
accept i-r.y or all bids in whole cr in part.
Inforxneticn furnished on apollcation to J.
McE. HYDE. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
«ral. Chi^f*Q. M.
LEGAL ADVERTISEBIE\TS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS Estate of J. HARRY
IJRENNAN. deceased — Notice is hereby
» :• < n by the undermigne4. administratrix of
t*>e estate of J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons
h%vins claim* against the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers
within four months after the first publica-
tion cf this notice to the said administratrix
at the orflce of A. F. ST. CURE, room No.
12C3. Claus Sprockets bulldln*. San Fran-
tifceo. California, which raid office the un-
dVnsigiied M-lects as lier place of business in
»!l matters <-o! t n«*tcd with eald estate of J.
HARRT EHENNAN. deceased. CATH-
ERINE A. BRENNAN. Administratrix of
tK* Estste cf J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
<f»Md. Dated Kan Francisco. July 3, 1J*O3.
A. F. ST. SURE. Attorney for Estate, Claus
fpreckels buildir.g. Ben Francisco.
NOTICE of iJis-solution of Copartnerfihip-^-The
f.rm heretofor.- exirtlng under the name and
nyleot Oolden G.ur Urtdglng and Reclama-
tion Company, doing business .in the. city
crd rturty cf Han Francisco. State of Cail-
4.?.-nia. ir thiir .1>»y 0i:r<-..vcd by mutual con-
-»nt, MARFHALL C. HARRIS ha\ing P"'-
;faf*-1 the «>r.tlre Interest cf "WILLIS G.
WHITTJER In the concern.
Daied WILLIS «. WH1TTER.
July«l7. ;yq MARSHALL C, HAXtRI&.
DIVIDEND XOTICES. '
'''^jriCE .of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
r.«npany. Ean Francisco. July 20. l'.KKJ. — At
a r'guler meeting of the board of directors
of this company. he!d THIS DAY. a dividend
,f+B declared, peyable on and after July 22.
1903. LOUIS WEINMANN. S«*cretarj'.
STATEmENT
UNITED STATES BBANCH
-'. — -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— ; — OF THE
Aachen Si Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EMPIRE
of Germany, on the 81st day. of December.
A. D. 1002. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to th« Insurance Commissioner,
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per Wank furnished
by th« Commissioner: ¦ . -
; ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. $734,535 00
Cash in Company's Of nee.... 95 05
Cash in Banks v ... . ... vf. .... 1*7.337 SO
Premiums in due Course of Collec-.
tlon ...........< 151,598.80
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 1.378 70
Due -f'om other Companies for ,
Reinsurance on losses already .
paid ; : S3 03
Total Assets V.>.$1.035.028 56
. LIABILITIES.
Losses * adjusted and unpaid ; $6,254 98
Lossea In process of Adjustment <
or In Suspense e^ e6 2 ra
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 9.441 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $637. -
118 89; reinsurance 60 per cent. 318.556 94
Gross premiums, on Fire Risks .
running more" than one year,
$382 254 91;. reinsurance .', pro
rata ........•••••• ...•••.••••• 220.726 40
All other Liabilities ........7... 34.070 81
¦ Total Liabilities SCS2.713 55
o'yj 'INCOME./
Net'cash actually received' for Fire -^^ _ * I
premiums . . . • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •777'* 87 78
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ...... 33,906 82
Received from all other sources.. 67,512 40
Total. Income .:......... . $361.207 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount , paW toe Fire Losses
(including $75.637. 78, losses of £
previous years) , WS9.BM 87
Paid or allowed for Commission or ¦ _ ¦
Brokerage ........:.•••••- 157.833 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
-chargesfor officers, clerks, etc 77.954 S3
Paid for State; National and Lo- . ..
cal taxes •; •• ••••• 18.930 03
AH other Payments and-Expendl- _ £
turrt •....'..-.••••••" •'•• ¦ w '» <at "f
Total' Expenditures '..:.... "..:$T42.048 *9
Losses incurred during the year. ¦ . .$384.882 57
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
N«t amount "of Risks
SrV^.^w"*.'. ih * $78,005,803 $1,062,669 61
Net amount , of Risks . .
-y^:! 1^^ 6 59.822.678 806.562^
K^S-3V-mi 74 r 964.661 1. 01 9. 368 SO
. J'A. KELSEY, U.S. Manager.
Subscribed 'and sworn to before me this 3d
'^,«>*?Sffi}285Qm. NMar/pubncT^
STUTTEifUNG AND STASIMERING. *
MELBOURNE System School,- Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all... Don't delay. ;
MARBI AGE LICENSES. ' vi
The following -marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday t ,¦•¦».-. • ; "¦¦ '"¦'*. v* •.¦.¦.-'--%•;
James S. Colbath, 31,* Fortuna, " Aria.," and
Edith Duff, ' 20, ' 2661 ; Howard street.
William : A. FarUh Jr.,. 21,' Hillsboro, New
Mexico, and NettleK. Forbes, 21, 1715 Geary.
Alfred J.. Turner,' 26, "204^4 Eddy. atreet, ana
Gertrude I-acy, 20, 262f Octavla street.
Adolph J. Dunker, 24, 2710 Bush street, and
Minnie, D. Roemer. 23, 877 ¦ Fulton street. ..'. ..
Lloya L. Chlpman. 22. Kansas City, Mo., I
and Pauline 1 A.. Pfalffer. , 10. city. *
Arthur- J. Overholser, * 21, 218 Devlsadero
: Btreet, and Mabel H. Hammond, 18. 750 Geary.
Bernhard Erlckson, 38, 266 Tehama « street,
and Alma E. Stcnmark, 36, 36 DeLong av*.
Christerfer R. Offenbaeher, 22, -714 Vallejo
street, and Amy *G. Sterling. city.
Joseph J. Carroll, 27, city.- and Delma La-
crolx, 22, city. ' I
Joseph L. Fraters, 21; San ¦ Leandro," and
Lillian F. Byers. 21. ElmhurM."
I John M. Farrell, 45, 1222 Mission street, and
| Luella M.. Pryor. 30, Platerville. . O-, , ;
August A. Nagel, 24, Point Sur, and Edna
N. Kankin. 23. Presidio. i.'.". ,
Arthur Lewis, 21. London, .England., and
i Martha L. Morrow,-21, 816 Powell street.
James J. Cochran, 34, Weavervllle. and Ger-
I trude O. Mullane, 27, city. * : . < -. ' "
Charles D. Bruecker, 24, 1513 Dupont street,
and Maud E. Blanchard, 24, 136 Lobos street.
Louis Escude, 26, 725 Sansome Rtreet, and
Gabrielle Villenave; 26. 815 Pacific street.
Hariey M. Leete, 21. Berkeley; and Loud W.
Williams, 18, San Diego. . >,«•!.
Ju Chick, 41, 731 Jackson street, and Mol
Choom Lan. 25. 28 Ross alley. -¦ - .
BIRTHS— MARRIAQ^— -DEATHS.
Birth, marriape and death notices j sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at jeitber of the publication -offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hav tv >e same published.
BOBW. '
BRADEN— In Alameda. July 5, 1003, to the
wife of Oliver Braden. a daughter..
PEZZAOLIA— In Bolinas, July 18, 1003, to the
wife of S. Penaglla cf Liberty Runch, a
. eon. . : • '
BTRASBURGBR— In this city, July 18, 1903.
to the, wife of;N. J. Strasburger, a son. :
" MARRIED.
CASON— FISHER— In this city, July 18. 1903,
by the Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of Howard -
street Methodist Church, Oliver B. Cason and
Sadie -A. Fisher, both of San Francisco. i
ELLIS-i-MADDliN — In this city, June 27. 1905,
by the Rev. Father Hannigan of St. Mary'*
Cathedral, Marshall Lewis Ellis of Boston,
Mass., and Clafre Evelyn Madden of San
' Francisco.
LARSEN--ERIKSEN— In this city. July 19,
1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Hans Lar-
sen and Ovidia Eriksen.
ROCHE— STANLEY— In this city. July 17,
1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, John J.
Roche and Mollie L. Stanley. / .
VOIGT— NEUMANN— In this city, July 18,
1903, bv the Rev. O. GroensberK, : William
C. Volgt and ¦ Elisabeth Irene Neumann.
~~~ PIED. ~~ ~~~
Beaufils, Adrian T. • Manning, Thomas J.
Bray. Bernlce F. O'Hanlon, Edward
Burkhardt, George O'Keefe, Bridget A.
Burnslde, Joseph Pezzaella. Samuel C.
Clayburgh, Albert Richardson, Annie
Cooney, William -M. Rourke, John W. *
Donohue, Thomas Sapln. Ollle
Flelschman, John Sohnleder, Margaret
' Hanson. Annie ¦ Smith. George S.
, Harris. Dora Smith, Isaac P.
Hunziker. Theodore Stenson. Robert J.
Kirk, Michael , Swanson (Infants)
Klanger, August Thompson, Mary A.
Linden, Edward J. Tomkinson, ;«mes
MeGraw. Elmlra J. Williams. Mary A.
Mann. Elizabeth ' ¦' /
BEAUFILS— In Oakland. July" 20, 1903. Adrian
T.. beloved husband of M. C. Beauftls, and
father of Adrian Jr. and Pauline Beauflls, a
native of Paris. France, aged 51 years 11
months and 5 days.
BRAY— In this city, July 20, 1903, Bernlce F.,
dearly beloved daughter of Francis J. and
Agnes R. Bray, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 10 days.
BURKHARDT— In Taylorvllle, July 20. 1903,
George, beloved husband of the late Anna
Burkhardt, and father of George, Albert.
Rcivert. Edward, Frank and Nettle. Burk-
hardt, Mrs. A. D. Cameron. Mrs. A.' C. Le-
deme, Mrs. H. J. Breuer and the late Wal-
ter - A. Burkhardt," a native, of Frankfort.
Germany, aged 69 years 1 month and 25
days. A member of Veteran Firemen and
Bay City Lodge No. 71, I. O. O. F.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend) the funeral Wednes-
day, July 22. 1903. from Odd Fellows' Hall,
Seventh and Market streets, where services
kWIH be held under the auspices of Bay City
Lodge, commencing at 1:30 o'clock, thence
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
BURNSIDE — In this city, July 20. 1903. Joseph
Burnslde, a native England, aged 73
years.
CLAYBURGH— In this city, July 20, 1903.
Albert, dearly beloved husband of the lafcs
Louisa Clayburgh. father of Bella, Delia. Etta
ana Carrie Clayburgh, Mrs. George Hewlett,
Lee H. and Louis A. Clayburgh, and brother
of Mos«s and Simon Clayburgh and Mrs.
Lena Konlgshelm, a native of Bergentrlch,
Westphalia,- Germany, x aged 69 years 11
months and tf days.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday);, at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3218 Masonic avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemefery, by 11': 30. o'clock
train fiom Third and Townsend streets.
COONEY— In this city. July 19, 1903, William
M., beloved son of Catherine and the late
Judge M. . Cooney, and rather of ¦ John A.
Cooney, a native. of San Francisco. . ' .
E7"Fricnds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday),
from his late residence. ¦ 468 Fell street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his- soul v commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Kindly . omit flowers.
DONQHUE— In this V city. July 10, 1303,
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Rose
Donchue, and father of James and Georgo
Donohue and Mrs. D. King, a native of
County* Tyrone, Ireland, .aged 75 years 4
months and 15 days.
. CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2717 Folsom street, thence • to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hla soul
at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Ceme-
tery-.
FLE1SCHMAN— In. this city. July 20. 1903,
John, beloved husband of Anna Flelschman.
father of Mrs. W. F. Rochester, and brother
of Mrs. William Hessler and Charles and
\ George Flelschroan, a native of Goelheim,
Germany, aged 72 years 6 months and 14
days. A member of WalhalU • Encampment
No. 7,' I. O. O. F.;. Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F.. and Eureka Grove No. 4,' Druids.
(New -York 'papers please copy.) .
ttETNotlee ' of c funeral hereafter. Remains
1 at « the funeral parlors of the H. P.- Maass
Company, > 917 Mission street. , .,.:.: ¦$ .
HANSON— In West Berkeley, July 20,' 1003,
Annie, beloved ' wife . of Charles Hanson, a
native of Brooklyn, N. ,Y.. aged 43 years C
months and 14 days.
ICT Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday afternoon, » July > 22. 1003. at 2
o'clock, at the Church of the Good Shepherd,
. corner . Ninth and Bristol streets, - West
Berkeley, interment Mountain View Ceme-
{ tery.
HARRIS— Entered Into, rest. In this city, July
19, -1903. Dora Harris, beloved mother of
Sigmound 'Harris, : Mrs.-'.W. Gans, Mrs. Ida
Sell* of .Seattle and the late Isador Harris,
a native of Prussia, aged 82 years. : :
• CC^Frtends . and acquaintance} are reepect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral . Wednes-
day, at 10 o'clock, from her late residence,
866 ¦ McAllister street. . Interment Salem
Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets depots Please omit
. i.flowars. - ¦ ¦:- ; . ; ¦"¦ :• ; v. ;¦'->;;
HUNZIKER— In this city, July 20, 1903. Theo-
dore Gottlteb Arnold Humlker, beloved hus-
band of Katie Hunziker. a native of Swltzer-
i land,. aged 43 years 2 , months and 4 day*.
KIRK — A solemn > requiem high mass. (month's
mind) will be celebrated for the repose of the
¦oul 'of the late Michael Kirk at St. Dom-
* Intc's 'Caurch; -Bush -and : Stelner streets, - on
.Tuesday,, July 21. at 9:30 o'clock. ;- Friends
are , invited to: attend. ./..' ' r
KLANOER— In this city, July 20., 1803, . Au-
gustKlanger. a natlv« of Germany,- aged "67
.-.years: ¦:•¦-¦.., - ' ¦ V". :.• • . ¦ ' ' - •'•' " '
LINDEN— In this city, July; 19." 1903. Edward
-J.Y beloved. husband of the late Mary Linden,
* : and' father of Edward J. - - and; Frank : J.-' Lfn-
. den. »:Mrs. : Charles qtenael ¦ and : Mrs. ;. O'Hare, .
\ . .NEAREST THE sCITYv 4 1
P — w^wn^ — I;
[BTtJ: iW [VI ~M Jlti *^l I TJn BJ "j "V. .Mr
I OFFICE'- 916 MARKCT'ST.. ¦ jj
F." ' J. V Monahan. President.
itiOWAHAN & CO.,
v '..- ,' v .''.:;••.•' : (Ine.) :\-, ;'¦¦".' '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2330-2341 Mission st; /¦¦';-, Telephone Mission 31.
'James ¦> McGinn.^ '< '"'¦•'¦ '¦ •'• '- -Henry Hans«n. f
V JAMES <MCGINN'. &; CO., ;-•.. I
..,„ With. McGinn Bros.,- . - |
' ——Funeral n Directors " ana ." "mbalmera I
$SP§g*S 214 r Eddy, st. ;i Tel. :• South -576. - |
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A JRgJ^ ESTATE^^J^
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR'.
"'* A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA. j
Surrounded by flowers and fruit -trees"; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125. ¦ ¦
Nice 5-room cottace and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1401. lJKtf) Park Et.. Alameda.
. BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RE AL ESTATE.
AN IDEAL COTTAGE.
' ¦ ' ¦ - ¦
A new 5-room cottage with large*receptlon
hall. bath, stationary tubs, patent toilet,
gas fixtures; street work done; convenient to
station' and strAt.-'Cars; price $2400; will
make terms to $ult. • ''. "
¦I O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. ,. " Lorln.
FOR THOSE WHO PAY RENT.
I will sell you a home by paying a small
each payment and the balance to be paid off
by what you are now paying as rent; we will
also build you a home on the same terms.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Oren Sundays. . Lorln. *
HERE IS A BARGAIN.
A new 8-room house . with a^l modern im-
provements; close to street cars and sta-
tion: price $2250: terms, small cash : pay-
ment balance same as rent.
v . O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays. | Lorln.,
$2250 — 7 ROOMS and bafh near college; flne
view and warm and sheltered location;
' large lot; a modest home and one "that
will increase in vfclue. .
$2000—6 rooms and bath; lot 60x120; street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$300— Lots half -block from Grove-st. car line.
$5500^-New 8-room and bath; Hills gass Tract:
lot 52:6x138; this Is a beautiful home and
in best residence district of Berkeley.
$2650—7 rooms ?nd bath, on Channing way;
street work done; 3 blocks from station.
$3500 — 7-room house, barn; large lot; on street
car line; exceptional easy terms to respon-
sible party.
$1650— 6-room house, near College ave.; lot
40x120. -V
$1000— Lot 45x125, E. side Fulton; street work
done.
$1600—5 rooms and bath; 35x135; Parker st
$1600 — 4-room cottage; lot 50x135. . • '
CHENEY &_ BERRY,
P. O. Block; Berkeley.
LOTS for $10 co*n and $5 per month; these
are nice lots , all sewered, handy - to cars;
price only ?300. :
$2500 — Handsome, well-built i-room house:
windmill, oarn,' stable, . wagon shed; lot
50x143: street work complete; close ¦ to
cars; $250 cash, balance $25 per month.
|800 — a Berkeley "chicken ranch; v 3-room
house; chicken-houses, stable, wason
sheds; lot P0xl25; fenced; % block irom
cars; can se!KoH terms. v - ,
$1300 — H4nd*omi\' well-built 5-room house;
hard finished, bath, toilet, high, hard fin-
ished basement; nice lot; small barn;
clobe to cais: $300 cash, balance $14 per
month. W. C. MORAN, Lorm station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
54000 — S-ROOM house, stable, chicken houses,
. cow barn and outhouses; lot 160x135;
street work and sidewalks complete; sit-
uated at 1507 Prince 'St. ; terms' to suit. '
$2500 — 6-rcom cottage; lot 45x130; near schools,
station and car line. In best residential
section mt Berkeley; $1000 cash, balance
flat loan.
$7200 — Business block at Berkeley station; an
elegant opportunity for a safe Investment.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE-ADVERTISBMENTS
FRUITVALE RE i AL '^ESTATE.
CHARLES F. LEE,
One-half Block Fruitvale Station.
$C50 — Lovely 6hlngle cottage o£ 2 rooms,
large barn, tine well, nice trult trees and
flowers; on street car line; lot 50x180; close
to flne school; only $200 cash, balance month-
ly as rent.
fl200 — 6-room and bath cottage; lot lOOx
lOu; rtep.r school; flne well; good location.
Lots $75 each, $5 cash, $5 monthly — "Rosa
.Lee" tract; no cold winds or fogs; sandy
loam soli; cloje to electric cars and school:
why pay rent when you can own your own
home? Six houses built In the last 2 months.
Fit'e acres. 2 springs, covered with bearing
fruit trees; $2000: easy terms. CHARLES F.
LEE. Vx bluck station. Phone Vale. 296.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWA*.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH AND $10 MONTHLY
For 1 acre or ltt lots, sandy loam, soil, cov-
ered with fruit trees; 2 flne springs on the
- land; 2 blocks to electric road and across the
street from a nice public school; away from
fogs and harsh T.inds; jiear a 90-foot boule-
• vard; an Ideal location fora home: a few
more acres may be had adjoining: some nice
homis surrounding: price in all. $500. .
$275 cash, $S 50 monthly — New cottage, 4
rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.; modern;
- soil and location unsurpassed; adjoining East
Oakland; lot 35x138; more land can be had;
price In all, $1250. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 7th et., opp. Broadway station, Oak-
land. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
13000 — NEARLY new, modern colonial cottage
of 6 rooms, high basement, brick founda-
tion, porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing;
all in fine condition: lot 50x140 (note tfw
size); street work all done: stone side-
walks laid; or>en lawn; choice residence
location near Grove St.; flne barn, gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
must be sold; owner away; cannot be du-
plicated at the prl£e; must be seen to be
appreciated; terms of payment if desired.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN;
_ .1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND FURXITJUR^E^ FOR^^ ALE.
FURNITVRE good and cheap this month. H.
'SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.'-
SPECIAL XOTICES.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal, Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take tfo other.- Send 4c
stamps for' particulars. "Relief for. Ladles,"
In letter by- return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadelpia. Pa.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISE3 in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-,
merit free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter et. -
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, rye, ear. nose and
• throat. Removed to 428 Ediy st. •
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
¦$15 HO drop-head oak, guaranteed; second-hand.
$G to $15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
St., bet. 5th and 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
tor;' branch. 285 Gtary'tt.: phone Main 750.
STORAGE' AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.'.' near Third: phone Grant 16K
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of"
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. . Ex. 571:
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made;- 840
Mission st. ;'tel.- Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnlturd Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone : Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.- '
jAJjtp- SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^-'w^
'sell better machines for less money than any.
house In the city; rentals $3.' The Typewriter
I Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266."
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; set par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. .-.-¦«¦¦' ¦¦ ;.• - -¦ .¦.' ;¦.,-.: ¦-;;¦.-,¦:¦.-,.
2D-HAND -" typewriters . sold. 7 rented., repaired.
,webster Typewriter Inspec. Co;; 209Sansom»/
: a' native of Ireland, aged 70 years 2 months
BfiA 9 > days. ! -: ¦ • - 5. . '. .
C^Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -Tuesday,
nt 9:30 o'clock. ;from his ' late residence,
1C08A Turk 'street, • thence to- Holy W^ross
Church; Eddy street, between Scott and .De-
vlsadero, . where a solemn, requiem 'high mass
will be celebrated forthe repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ;
McGRAW— In > Dimond. . Fruitvale, July 10.
1903. < Elmlra'* J." MeGraw, beloved wife of
William MeGraw, and sister of Wilford^de
-Celle of Evanston.i Ilh. a native of Burling-
ton, Vt., aged <53 years, r ;.
•: C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' I fully : Invited to attend the I funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, »at St. An-
thony's Church, East Oakland, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated i for the
\ , repose of her soul. Intersnent St. Mary's
Cemetery. . - .<< •
MANN— In Alameda, July 19. 1903, Elisabeth
¦ Mann, -beloved wife of Frank Mann, mother
of Mrs. Pauline Krug, Mrs. J. C. Brock.
Fred Harr«-lck and the late Robert Hart-
wfck, and grandmother of Louie J. Shultz,
a native of Germany, aged 70 years 7 months
and 21 days. ' .
E7" Funeral services Tuesday, July 21, at
10:30 o'clock, at* her. late .residence, 1613
Union street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
¦" tery;. strictly, private} . * : " ,¦ - -
MANNING— In this city, July 20, 1903. Thomas
J., dearly -beloved j husband of Molll» K.
Manning, loving son- of Mrs. Sarah J. Man-
ning... and brother of the late Mrs. William
W. Schlft.'.a native of Manchester, England,
aged 34 " years 4 months and / 20 days. A
member of Oakland, Cal., Lodge No. 171,
B. P. O. of Elks, and Golden Gate Camp
: : No. % 64, Woodmen of -the World. (Birming-
ham, Conn., papers please copy.) .
(CTFriends, and Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited* to- attend.the funeral to-morrow
.(Wednesday), at 9 -.30, o'clock, from his late
residence, 2217 Howard street, thence to St.
I Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth and
Shottvell streets, whei?e a eolemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
. soul; commencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment
: private. St. Mary's Cemetery, Oaklaod, via
creek boat at 11 o'clock. Please omit flow-
ers. . ' . • •
O'HANLON— In this city, July 18, 1903. Ed,-
ward O'Hanlon. a native cf Ireland, aged £>0
years. . ' •
C3>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt 7:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
¦ thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
- the reoose of his soul, commencing at 8
Q'clock. Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery.
O'KF.EFE— In this city. July 19, 190S, Bridget
Agne*. dearly beloved wife of William
O'Keefe, daughter of John and Mary Melia,
• mother of - William, Daniel J. and John E-
O'Keefe and sister of Mrs. M. Loftus and
Mary, Abbie, Katie, James and Michael
O'Keefe, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 38- years. (Massachusetts papers please
copy.)
inT" Friends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 68 Blake street, off Point Lobos
road, thence to Holy Cross Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
i repose of her soul, commencing at 3:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEZZAGLIA— In Bolinas, July 18, 1903, Sam-
uel Clark, Infant son of Samuel and Marcia
Pezzaglia, aged 1 day. " ¦ . -
RICHARDSON— In -this city, July 20, 1903,
Annie, beloved wife of W. H. Rlchard30n.
. and mother of Nutter, Miner, Nuna and
Robert Richardson, a native of PIctou, Nova
Scotia.. •
ROURKE— In this city, July 13, 1903. at his
residence, 1024 Pine street, John William,
beloved husband of Mary Rourke, and father
of Ed*ar Louis Rourke, Alice R. Baldwin
and the late Florence Geraldine Rourke, a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
-July .21, at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Nesa avenue, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SAPIN— In this, city, July 19. 1903. OHle
Pasco, beloved wife of George C. Sapin, and
dearly beloved daughter of W. L. and Grace
Phileta Kennedy, a native of Ban Francisco,
aged 24 years 6 months and 9 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend ' the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 739 Harrison street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
6CHNIEDER— In this city, July 19, 1903, Mar-
garet M. Schnleder, dearly beloved mother of
Francis Joseph and David D. Schnleder, sis-
ter of Mrs. Mary McKee and Katie and John
Reed of Lowell. Mass., and cousin of James
Garrity of this city and Henry Garrlty of
Lowell, Mans., a native of Lowell. .Mass.,
aged 61 years. (Lowell, Mass., and Read-
ing, Pa., papers please copy.) ; . , s - ..
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 22, 1903. at S:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1751B Howard street, corner
of Erie/ thence to the Churcjl of St. Charles
Borromeo, comer of Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets.- where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
TtKAl. F.STATE — CITY — FOR SAI - r; -.
A BARGAIN.
A lovely home. 7 rooms, kith ani basement:
built In 11)01 by a master mechanic and con-
tractor for his own use and thoroughly done;
circular windows; inlaid polished fioors; par-
lors. Mrdser« majile;' hall. • oak: ' ethers in
harmony; grand view; private E3- s pl ant: '
very tastefully finished; must be seen to be
appreciated; Investigate: * complete; $t;00;»;
house alcnc.SJIttX). MOSSMAN.S50 Market.r.5.
CHEAP LOTS— EAST PAYMENTS.
fllCO— Lot 2f.xl25; Fair Oaks: sunny side;
bet. 25th and 2Cth; $100 cosh. bal. long time.
$1000— Lot 25x91; San Jose ave., bet. 2G:n
and Army sts.
ST'."«O each — 2 lots; Duncan st.
$200 each — 3 lots; Bronte st.
S2C0 each— 2 lots on Gates st.
J. F, PLUMBE. 1402' Valencia st.
$1800— PAYMENT on 2 new flats on Mission
ft:, near acth: will pay 22 per cent;#rcnts
$4.% per month.
51500 — Payment en 2 new flats en Army ft..
near Mission; will pay 20 per cent; rents
for $38 per month.
D. COFFIN, 3303 Mission st. Open Sunday.
FOR SALE— House of 8 rooms, high base-
ment; sunny side of Nineteenth st.. between
Valencia and Mission: must sell: no reason-
•afcU offer refused. STEPHENS & CO.. 221
Powell st. - -
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANT. Cll-512 Callaehan building, wl 1 buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: *3 per month pays principal and
Int"ere5t on each $1000 of balance due.
WHOLE block of houre? Just started near the
Park on Carl. Cole.Shrader & Parnassus ave.;
plans, terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl it.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
Pt. for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars: prices to suit you: open.
' FOR sale — A lovely home near Glen Park. See
photo at MOSSMAN'S, fe50 Market, room .»¦
6-ROOM house on Twenty-first near Castro.
J. ANDERSON, builder.
REAL ESTATE — Conntry— For Snle.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vinevard*: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
i IcKue .-^nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
' Market rt.
~~ PROPERTV WANTED.
i ___ — ¦ ¦ ¦ .,-....
i HOUSES house*, houses; we are In need of
• houses for eight customers. MOSSMAN, 850
V Market ft., room 5. • .
5 '
ROOMS FOR HOUSE KEEP HO.
¦ AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 303
' 3d et.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
EARTLETT. 413. near Twenty-flfth — * large.
sunw rooms, gas and bath. $14. ¦
' FIFTH. 353 — 3 housekeeping, 2 beds,, $20; 2,
. fl5; 2. %Vi 50; 3. $13 SO; single. $5 up.
' HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping: gas ranges; Just, newly fur-
nighe<j. 1530 Polk st. V
HOWARD. 1074*4— 2' rooms, one front, nicely
furnished for light housekeeping.
I HYDE 412— Sunny furn. housekeeping rooms;
1 I bath." laundry, yard. $18; also single room.
¦ . ¦ *
KEARNY, 104 — Sunny unfurnished front suite.
$15: references. ' *
McALLI&T?;K, 53S — Nicely furnished sunny
' suite; sink, gas range, hot bath, laundry;
aaults: $10.
; OAK, 117 — ExtrA sunny furnished suite; gas
range, hot bath, laundry; adults; $12.
1 STOCKTON. 12(Xi — Model house; new furnished
house ketptr.g rooms; $5 and $12. -
TAYLOR, ail— Sunny housekeeping room: fold-
Ing bed; gas range; $S; single room. $7.
¦ TWENTY-THIRD. :172S. near Dolores — Sunny
bay-wifdow furnifched room; nice, neat; com-
plete for housekeeping. Apply. 3726 Twenty-
' third st. •'
• VALENCIA 1S7— Three large, sunny rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; separata
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
"! no small children: rent $22 50.
VALKNC1A. 1!U — Two large sunny well-fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; fine bath;
gas cupclied for cooking and lighting; rent
$1C m-inth.
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st..
5 ROOMS TO LET Porn, and Unfarn.
A. A. — City Room Renting Agency.
¦ 1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts.,
! Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE ..-..- ••• FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
1 A— HOTEL NCTHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET-. 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
! ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
I RATES BY THE MONTH.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
- Fifth et.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 60 night;
$1 l<) to $10 week; house open' all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3, 4 and 5 room apart-
m«nts for hkpg. ; strictly mod. ; elee. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for I or 2 genU;
bath; running water: references. 889 Post st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ntfhed rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CAPP. SIC — Large - sunny, furnished front
room; private family; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 722— Sunny and elegantly furnished
eulte of rooms for man and wife.
FILBERT. 832— Sunny front furnished room&;
Spanish family. •»
FRANKLIN. 2OVs. near Market — Large bay-
window front room, suitable for one or two
gentlemen. • . • • ¦
FREDERICK, 549 — Well-furnished suites and
single rooms. ?-' ~ ¦ •
GEARY. 4C2 — Furnished sunny front rooms,
with or without kitchen: $2 50 to $5 week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished rooms: single or en suits; $1 per
we«k up^ .
JESSIE, 359— Two nicely furnished front rdoms^
$10-$7; back room. $5; gas, phone.
LARKIN. 819^4— Large, runny front room; use
piano If desired; $16 per month.
' O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; -day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 731— New. elegantly furnished
rooms, -single or eji suite; bath, telephone
and running water. , ' ._
POINT LOBOS. 217 — Two bedrooms; gas, bath;
no other roomers; for gentlemen. . . .
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 85c to $150;. week, $2
id $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TO LET— A newly furniehed front bay-window
room In new modern flat, with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.; north
elce cf Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
havg references. Box 13. > Call office.
TURK 416. Reglna — Beautiful sunny. suites ft
eingle: latest lmpts: lowest rates in the city.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy st. near Market
—400 single and family rooms; 35o to $1
nlphtj $1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electrlo
lights; reading-room; fr>« bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 619— Renovated : handsome
eur.ny furnished suites front rms; mod, conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to tl 50 night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
dec, lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received. at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 1080
Valencia «t. _ *¦ *
IIOOMS A.VU.HOARU.
AMOY. THE ©01 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly flrst-class family hotel: sunny rooms, ',
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boarding-
house; rooms ringle or «n suite; desirable lo--
catton;" all conveniences of home. •¦'¦,-¦ -'-'.'
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California st. — Attractive In-
-— <erior; exceptional table: fre« billiard -room.
TABLE board In family hotel; very cheap." C.
P. H.. box IS30. Call. • '
THE JOHNSON. C00 O'Farrell. st.— Sunny
suites and single rooms." with board; rets. -
P1IYSICIA3S AAD SURGEOXS. : .... .
DR. C C. O'DONNE'LL^oTflce an.l residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and" Seventh. '
REMOVED-rPR. WONG HIM, nerb doctor:
treats all diseases of ;he human Lcdy; for
pest four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near. Leavenworth;
,DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. UP©
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by-use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
¦ BLOOD, fJctn and rectal diseases ** specialty.
.DR., BALL. 1037% Market -st. : . . :.,
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chines* herbs. 7 1S-8 Clay st.
SMITH— Entered into rest, at Oakland. July
10. 1003,-Georee Strait Smith, beloved hus-
band of Jenni* S. Muncey. a native of Wis-
consin, aged 02 years 1 month and 23 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend, the. funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California
Loa*e-No. 1, F. and A. M. Interment Cy-
press Lawn - Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. July 19, 1903,.. Isaac
I Platt Smith, beloved brother of Albert C
William and George E. Smith, a native of
New York, aged 5S years 3 months and 2O
days." . ¦ •.,--. ....... ¦ . \ - '¦ • . ¦
K?"Remains at the chapel of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. '
STENSON— In this city, July 20, 1903. Robert
J., dearly beloved husband of Ellen Stenson.
brother of Maria Stenson, and uncle of Rob-
ert P. Kavanagh, a native of County Kll-
dare. Ireland, aged 76 years and 3 months.
(CTFriendii and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Wednesday), at JO o'clock, from his late
residence. 464 Hickory" avenue,: thence, "to
Sacred Heart Church, where a- solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
, of his soul, commencing at" 10:30 o'clock.
"' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '-; '.-, I
SWANSON-rln this city, July 20, 1903, at the
residence, 255 Harriet street, twin. children
of/ Isaac and Sadie' 8wanson, natives of San
Francisco, aired 1 'day. " " .
THOMPSON— In this city. July IS. 1903. Mary
A., beloved wife of, the late Francis M.
Thompson," daughter of J. W.' Crawford,
mother of Edward F. ' Thompson^nd Mrs.
Samuel Rose, and sister of G. B. Crawford
and Mrs. Frank Hayes, a native of Phlla-
I delphia. Pa., aged 54 years 8 months and 13
, day». ¦ ¦ '¦• -.
(C7*FrIends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day. (Tuesday), at 1 :3O o'clock, at her late
residence, 136 Jersey street, between Church
and Sanchez. Cremation I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ' ' - ..""..'¦ . . •".•¦.';
MISSION Rebekah Lodge No. 22— Officers and
members are respectfully requested to i at-
tend the funeral of our late sister. Mrs.
Mary A. Thompson, to-day ..(Tuesday); at
1 o'clock, from her late residence, 136 Jer-
sey street, between Church and Sanchez.
Cremation I..O. JO. F. Cemetery.
. - EMMA ARRISON. Noble Grand.
MRS. , LULU PERRY, Secretary. ¦
TOMKINSON— In this • city, July 19j 1003.
James Tomkinson, father of James H. and
Alice M. Tomkinson and Mrs. Charles J. Mc-
Glynn. a native of Cheshire, England, aged
73 yeartr^
E?"The funeral will take place Tuesday,
from the residence of his son-in-law. Charles
J. McGlynn. 1500 Golden Gate avenue, thence
to St. Mary's '.Cathedral, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at y o'clock. ' Interment private.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland. July 20, 1903. at 1163
Tenth avenue. Mary Ann Williams, beloved
mother of Mrs. Emily J." Hunsacker of
Woodville, Cal., and'A.D. Williams of Oak-
land, and sister of J. S. N. Netherton of
: Byron. Cal., a native of Tennessee, aged 7J
years and 7 days. ' ¦ . . ¦The 8an Francisco Fire Department
Are now. being supplied » with Murine Eye
Remedy *' for use by., th"e • firemen^ after ; a
hot.? smoky fire, aa it: so -quickly relieves
Eye pain | and I restores , red, | sore, j inflamed
and "faded' Eyes * to normal "condition.
Murina aids; those .wearing glasses and is
a' harmless and • painless ¦home , Eye > rem
edy.y" At Druggists and\ Opticians. •
Judge ) Murasky . annulled ; yesterday the
marriage, of Ernest A. Crowson to Minnie
H. Crowson on complaint of the former.
Crowson allegfed he; was under age at the
time- it; was contracted and was forced
to make the . young, lady, his wife ; by : her
father. The marriage took place at Ash
land,' Oregon,: in < December,^ 1898. -
Separates Youthful Couple.
SACRAMENTO. July, 20.-Governor Par
dee* has appointed as directors for the ag
ai cultural district of , Humboldt County
G< R. Georgeson of Eureka, vice J. T.
Quill, term.. expired;. Richard Swazey of
Eureka,' vice C. L. Pardee, term 'expired,
and .Theodore • Minor.- of ; Arcata,'..vlce ¦; E.
Putman, who failed to qualify.; ;. v
Agricultural Directors Named.
Any , schoolboy .knows Bank Stock paper— not
by Us color.- but by watermark. All dealers. •
The North of Golden Gate Improvement
Club met last night and decided to peti
tion ' the Board * of j Supervisors : to order
work on the extension and grading of D
street and its present termination' at
Twenty-fourth, avenue,, west to. Fortv
nlnth avenue and the ocean., It was also
decidf d to ask the Supervisors to create
an assessment district to pay the cost of
improvement, on'the ground that it .would
benefit -the entire locality. "A committee
was appointed: to Interview the United
Railroads as to Its intention to extend its
road into the district providing the street
is ; opened.
Will Agitate Improvement.
The. Union Labor party committee held
a' meeting' last evening at ' 993 ¦ Market
street and adopted a resolution to place
a straight Union Labor party ticket In the
field at the. forthcoming election. , . . "
Union, , Labor Party -Meets.
• "Wllliara;"Wy Holmes," a- member of the
San Francisco "Fire Department, who,
while . going to ] a "fire / last V August, was
run Into by a Twenty-fourth* street car,
sued the United 'Railroads yesterday, for
$25,000 damages. . •. ¦ -.,".
A suit for damages was filed by-Chris
tian 'Merkle against ./I*hler' & Chase,
music dealers. He demands 116,500 dam
ages for injuries received last April while
he was handling a piano, a He, alleges that
the ' truck furnished * him . by • the ? defend
ants was defective.
Damage Suits' Filed.
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District Club
of the United Republican League met last
night .at Richmond Hall. Stanch Re
publicans were out in force. "The -meeting
practically took the form of a mass meet
ing. The executive committee was re
quested to present at the next session the
names of fourteen delegates who' are to
act at the. coming municipal convention
Speeches were made by J. Harry Hutaff,
Colonel T. P. Robinson, J. McGlynn, E.
A. • Beeler, George R. Fletcher, J. ' c!
Hubbs, R. H: Countryman, Judge John r!
Aitkin and Dr. Bryant.. ¦
Richmond Republicans Meet.
The members of the Thirty-second Dis
trict Republican League Club held a meet-
Ing last night ¦ in their hall at Twenty
fourth ¦ street . and Potrero avenue. An ex
ceptionally large crowd was present. Upon
motion- of Senator .Welsh., the executive
committee was given power to elect dele
gates for the coming convention. Three
new members were placed 'upon the execu
tive committee and the meeting adjourn
ed, the remainder of the evening being de
voted to an entertainment and smoker, for
which an enjoyable programme had been
arranged., ,- ;< -„* }
Voters of Thirty-Second Meet.
- The. report of the • Public -Utilities Com
mittee 'i that .,' action : - be 'deferred on the
proposed ; acquisition of ° a municipal wa
ter supply- on- the ground ; that the appli
cation' of, the. city tor sites and rights at
Lake .Elinor -and jHetchy^ Hetchy Valley
has not . been t acted upon \ by J the Depart
ment of the Interior was adopted. '.
, The * board \ ordered } the- installation of
forty-six V gas lamps' and '* sixty-one arc
lights in' various sections of i the city. Of
these Sunset" district will J get thirty gas
lamps.' This leaves nineteen gas and sev r
enteen'arc lamps yet to be installed under
the new ! contract with ; tht'. San Francisco
Gas'and Electric, Company. - ' ; O. ¦'¦¦'¦. C:
Supervisor 'Wilson desired to know If
the. Board of Public "Works and the City
Engineer. had been consulted by the.Pub
lic /Utilities Committee as to whether the
offers of the '.two corporations should be
rejected.' Wilson said that if. this had not
been done the procedure might be inval
idated owing to lack of proper considera
tion. Braunhart said 'that; if the matter
was • referred } to '. the ¦ Bon rd ' of Public
"Works; it '.would endariger the proposed
election to* acquire the Geary-street road.
Wilson's 'that • the , off era : be re
ferred « to I the ' Board * of sWorks was de
feated;- : .. • ¦¦.;; .-'¦¦¦¦¦;. •.¦¦.-¦- . , , :•¦:-.
• The . Board of ¦ Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an 'ordinance calling a
special election on October 8," 1903, for the
purpose of submitting to the electors the
proposition of acquiring by original con
struction a municipal railway along
Geary street. Point Lobos .avenue ' and
Tenth avenue. It , is * proposed to ipsue
bonds for. the purpose in 'the sum of $710,
000t- The -Mayor immediately affixed his
signature ; to the ordinance. ' "
. The resolution rejecting the offer of the
Presidio and. Ferries ! Railroad Company
and Pacific Power Company, to sell their
'plants to - the . city was adopted. The of
fers .were made in connection with ¦ the
proposed acquisition of the municipal rail
road along Geary and other ' streets. The
Presidio Railroad Company, offered to sell
to ; the city Its street railroad equipment
and' franchise for the.! exact amount of
money paid - in by its ' shareholders with
interest at the rate of 5 per cent per an
num, 1 ', plus '.the ' amount- of debts of the
company, less, the amounts of dividends
paid. The Pacific. Power /Company asked
$65,000 'for its planter would rent it for
$1800 per annum.
J. J. Stephen, president: J.J. Sullivan, first
vice. president: A. I>. Well, second vice presi
dent; J. J. Conlon, third vice president; A. C.
Morris, secretary: D. F. Faktor, treasurer; J.
Geddes, sergeant at arms. . Max > Goldberg, ex
ecutive committee -member to central 'body. '
J. S. Mann, W. Kohlman, P. Neilsen, Charles
P. McCarthy. M: Casner, Dr. Thurlow Miller,
G. S. Lawson, Franks Grimes, O. O. Frledland
er, E. A. Hull Is, Joseph McIIugh, Arthur. M.
Currie, J. F. Nourse, A. Van der .NaJllen- Jr.,
M. Walter Dlnkelspiel. L. C. Bunner, Samuel
H. Beckett. P. A. Berr«rot, Andrew -,W. , Rob
erts, Jesse Mayer. and tlsldor Golden.,
The officers of -the club,' who. are also
members of the above committee, are as
follows:
Dr. J. J. Stephen, president of the
United Republican League Club of the
Thirty-eighth Assembly District, has'ap
pointed the following executive commit
tee: -• ..-:.::. . ,-
Officers Appointed.
The call for. the meeting is signed by
B. P. Flint, temporary chairman, and
William J. Henry, . secretary. . - >.
The Forty-second Assembly District is
likely to witness a hot fight to secure the
nomination of delegates for the forthcom
ing primaries. The members of the.Regu
lar Republican Club are widely announc
ing that they will not stand for "boss
rule" or the recognition of "Democrats
who desire to become Republicans, 'for
personal reasons only." ' ' • • ¦-''¦¦ ¦--¦
The United Republican League, is mak
ing a strong canvass of the district and
the situation is producing considerable
comment. .The Regular Republican Club
numbers among its members many of the
leading residents of the Forty-second Dis
trict-and the opposition to Henry Acb
and Dr. McNutt is most pronounced.
A meeting of the Regular Republican
Club of the Forty-second Assembly Dis
trict will be h£ld this' evening at Saratoga
Hall, 840 Geary street, when permanent
by-laws will be adopted.
Begular Republican Club Working
Against United Republican league.
OPPOSES ACH AND McNUTT.
George Burkhardt, an old resident : of
San Francisco, died yesterday at, Tayler
ville,, where he had been enjoying a vaca
tion. He was a native of Germany,' 69
years of age, and came to San Francisco
forty-five years, aeo... ... .. , a . . .
Death of Old Eesldent.
People rto v Vote on Ac
quisition of Geary-
Street Road
BOARD ORDERS
BOND ELECTION
Last Day to Register.
To-morrow, is the last day for registra
tion of voters who desire to cast their
ballots at the forthcoming primary elec
tion. The Registrar's office will remain
open this evening and to-morrow night
until 10 o'clock.
WATSONVILLE,- July 20.— The 2-year
old son of Mrs. Flora Cooper this after
noon got Into the-back yard of the resi
dence occupied .by the university, profes
sors conducting the cpdlin ,moth , investi
gation. The little fellow found some parts
green and ate some of 'the, poison. He -is
in a critical condition.
University Professor, at Watsonville
Leaves Poison .Around * and v *
Child May Die. •
BABY FINDS PARIS
GREEN AND EATS j IT
ly to the. witness. . •'...'... .
LlVernash took special exception to
Wlllcutt's views about' overtime of plat
form men expressed in his statement re
cently filed. Wlllcutt In this; statement
said that the overtime of the men . was
"An Inconsiderable Item." All day f Llv
ernash tried to get Wilcutt to retract this
statement, or at least modify it, but: the
corporation secretary- stood- firm. Liver
nash wanted all the pay rolls of platform
men consulted to find out what the extra*
SECRETARY WILLCUTT of the
United Railroads was In the wit
ness chair yesterday, when the tak-
Ing of testimony to go .before" the
Arbitration ! Board . .was resumed. 1
The hearing dragged . along . through - a
maze of figures that brought weariness
ere the adjournment was taken, especial-
• There were no wordy wars between op
posing counsel and Judge Murasky was
not called upon to reprove either side.
The case will be resumed this morning,
when .Wlllcutt will be asked . to explain
how it Is 'that under -the present, time
schedule the overtime of the men does
not' amounf to more than $1000 a year,
while In his recently filed statement he
asserted that should a new schedule of
nine hours a day be adopted the company
.would have, to payout J1S8.000 annually in
overtime expenses. .'¦"..
time of carmen really amounted to. The
matter was at last compromised by WIU
cutt producing the pay* rolls of the old
Market-street system for -. March, 1902.
After, poring over these flgures.for several
hours, Wlllcutt claimed that' the maxi
mum; paid. in. overtime for, a pay roll
amounting to $117 would be only about 40
cents. . . ., •
SECRETARY GEORGE B. WILLCUTT OF THE UNITED RAILROADS
WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY BEFORE THE COMMISSIONER AP
POINTED TO TAKE TESTIMONY IN ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.
The funeral cortege, took, the 3:30 train
for". Cypress Lawn ; Cemetery.- where the
interment took . place. The services at
the grave were "conducted * by Bishop
Nichols.
¦ Representing the Loyal Legion. Command* ry
of California — Colonel W. R. Smedberg. Colo
nel C. ¦ Mason Klnna and General C. ¦ A. Wood
ruff: California .Volunteers of the Civil" War.
Major H. A Gorier: Grand Army of the Re
public* C. W. Gordon; Episcopal Church of this
dloceser-WIIliam Babcock. | A. X. Drown and
C D. Haven; Trinity Episcopal Church—Wal
ter E. Dean. Colonel J.-.V.-D; Mlddleton, Rob
ert | Bruce. John I Landers . and ¦ Messrs. - Deal.
Kane and'Earl. -.-. < v --
Occupying front seats In the church
were members of the Loyal Legion, the
Grand Army of the Republic, the vestry
men and deacons of- the church,, repre
sentatives of the army and navy and
many prominent citizens - in • public and
private 'life.
The choir, composed of Miss Millie
Flynn, Miss Una Falrweather, Mrs. Max
Warshauer, Mrs. Nelson Lawrence. Wal
ter Kneiss, C. B. Vlnson, S. Homer Hen
ly, and H. Knowland' and under the lead
ership of James Hamilton Howe, sang
the hymns, "Lead Thou Me ¦ On," and
"Peace, Perfect Peace," and the anthem,
"Crossing the Bar," which was dedicated
to Major Hooper by H. J. Stewart.
The floral offerings, which completely
filled the sanctuary, were magnificent.
The house servants of j the Occidental
sent a floral flag, composed of roses and
Cape Point jassamine, surmounted by a
cross of purple sweet i peas. . From the
Loyal Legion came a beautiful shield;
from the chef of the hotel and his assist
ants, a superb urn, seven feet high,
wrought of lilies of the valley and filled
with American Beauty roses; from the
employes in the dining-room, an Immense
"Gates Ajar" made of white roses, sur
mounted with doves, while at the base
was the inscription, "Noble soul, rest in
peace." Over the altar was a beautiful
cross of .pure white roses, while all the
altar decorations were of white wreathes.
The office force of the hotel sent a great
wreath of superb pink, roses and lilies of
the valley. Such a display of rare floral
tributes has probably never before been
seen In this city. Those In the funeral
party were the widow, G. K. Hooper.
Mrs. F. H. Perry, Miss Rose Hooper,
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Hooper, Miss
Nanie Hooper, Miss Nonie Hooper, George
W.' Hooper Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Hooper, Selden.S. Wright and Mr. and
Mrs. Brooke M. Wright.
The pall- bearers were as follows:
Rev. W. A. Brewer ot San Mateo. Rev. VT.
Hoag of Jolon. Rev. W. C. Shaw of Oakland.
Rev. J. O. Lincoln of San Mateo. Rev. Dr.
"W'akefleld ot . San . Jose, Rev." Edward I* Par
sons of San Mateo. Rev. F. J. Mynard of
Hanford. Rev. Dr. Lewis of Los Gatos. Rev.
Dr. Shaw of Oakland. Rev. Dr. Turner of Sac
ramento Rev. Dr. Galloway. Rev. W. L. Brad
ley of -St. 'Stephens. .Rev. William M. Boura
of St Peter's Rev. David McClure and Chap
lain McAllister. U.-S.-N.
The funeral services over the late Wil
liam B. Hooper were held yesterday af
ternoon at Trinity Church. There was a
great outpouring of friends and acquaint
ances, • the sacred edifice being crowded
to its utmost capacity. The services con
sisted of the plain but beautiful burial
service of the Episcopal church, which
was In accordance with the request of the
deceased. Bishop William Ford Nichols
officiated. Rev. Clifton Macon acted as
master of ceremonies. Bishop William
F. Moreland of Sacrameto read the les
sons, and Archdeacon J. A. Emery read
the prayers. The following clergymen oc
cupied seats In the sanctuary:
HONOLULU, July 11.— The Chamber of
Commerce has addressed resolutions to
the 'Secretary of War, Ellhu Root, asking
that transports en route to Manila be
permitted to call here. It is pointed out
that Honolulu has the- necessary wharf
age, harbor, water, coaling and machine
ehop privileges; that this is an orderly and
peaceable port, and that American work
lsgxaen and business men will benefit if
the transports call here instead of at a
foreign port.
Chamber of Commerce Addresses
Resolutions to That Effect
to War Department.
HONOLULU WANTS ARMY
TRANSPORTS TO CALL
which runs between here and Hot
Springs, died ih!s morning without re
gaining consciousness.
There were five passengers besjgjes the
driver on the ftage. It left Tru4T.ee be
fore noon, and all was well till they
crossed over the summit and started
down the steep grade toward the lake.
The stage was heavily loaded, and in go-
Ing down the hill crowded the horses into
a run. In turning a sharp curve the stage
TRUCKEE. July 20.— Miss Katie
Veitch of Oakland, whose skull
was fractured yesterday In an ac
cident to the Brockway stage,
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. July 20.— Not satisfied
with his own political downfall Warden
Agulrre is now -seeking 1 to drag others
with him. Absolutely without cause he
ha3 used his official position on tne eve of
his departure to discharge attaches of,
the penal Institution whose term, of office
has been long and whose competency has
never been questioned. Wlthtn the past
three weeks Aguirre has given six guards
their walking papers. Two of these had
served the State faithfully tor nearly
three times as long a period as the pres
ent Warden- himself has been in office.
Up to to-day only guards and petty of
ficials suffered from Aguirre's wrath, but
this morning William Byrnes, the over
seer of the Jute mill, was told to leave
and subjected to further humiliation by
sending with him a guard when he en
tered the prison walls In order to obtain
some personal effects in his office. M.
Gtlleran, a^, guard who was discharged to
day, was. notified last night that he neeJ
not show up for work, but Byrnes was
not aware of his dismissal until he was
entering the outside gate of the prison
wall at 8 o'clock this mornlnsr.
It is asserted upon good authority that
many more guards will be dismissed.
A man from Fresno has been selected
to succeed Byrnes, the discharged super
intendent of the lute mill.
Hugh Fraser has for many years been
a man of affairs in this community. He
was Supervisor in 1880-81, and it was due
to his efforts that an . appropriation of
J40.000 was secured to construct the cor
poration yard at 52 Sacramento street,
which is still In use. •
• Following the formal ceremonies In the
church a repast was served in the Sun
day-school room. Music- songs and reci
tations enlivened the entertainment.
Their two sons. Thomas T. and Hugh
W. Fraser, and their families were pres
ent. ' •
Then <mme the presentation of a beau
tiful loving cup by Ed Kerr, representing
the Scottish clans, followed by the pre
sentation of a gold clock" by Clan Mac
donald of Oakland, accompanied by a
pair of gold spectacles for both bride and
groom. The clft of the church was a
superb silver service.
Last night, under a marriage bell of
marigolds, the promise that the happy
pair made fifty years ago was renewed.
Remarks were made by the Rev. John
Hemphill of Calvary Presbyterian Church
and a prayer was offered by Rev. C. G.
Patterson of Sausallto.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Fra6er celebrated
their golden wedding last night at the
United Presbyterian Church In the pres
ence of nearly a thousand friends and
acquaintances. The happy couple were
escorted from their home to the church
by a hundred men decked in the- tartans
of Clan Fraser and Clan Macdonald, pre
ceded by a corps of bagpipers.
The bridegroom of 50 years has always
been prominent among the Scotsmen,
and it was on this account that his kins
men assembled to do him honor. His
bride was Martha Gamble, a native of
North Ireland. The marriage took place
in Watertown, N. Y. ' "»
CELEBRATE FIFTIETH «
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY
Hugh Fraser and His Wife Receive
Congratulations of Friends at
/ Their Golden Wedding.
was overturned and demolished. The pas
sengers were R. M. Veitch, a contractor
of Oakland, his wife, 15-year-old daughter
Katie and little son, and a fisherman by
the name of Rosecrans.
When the stage turned over they were
all thrown violently from the high seat to
the gTound. Veitch, his wife and daugh
ter all struck on their faces. Miss Katie
Veitch's skull was badly fractured. Mrs.
Veitch had her nose broken and it Is
feared her skull is also fractured. Veitch's
nose was also broken. The boy escaped
with slight bruises, but the fisherman was
badly bruised and the driver suffered a
badly sprained arm. The remains of Miss
Veitch were brought to Truckee and will
be sent to Oakland for Interment.
OAKLAND SCHOOLGIRL WHOSE DEATH WAS CAUSED BY A FRAC
TURE OF THE SKULL SUSTAINED WHEN A STAGE ON WHICH
SHE WAS TRAVELING NEAR TAHOE OVERTURNED.
Funeral Services of the
Late Major Hooper
Impressive.
Discharges W. Byrnes,
the Overseer of the
Jute Mill.
HONOR MEMORY
OF NOBLE MAN
AGUIH AGAIN
SWINGS THE AX
Simcich was taken to a physician, some
what weak from loss of blood, and sev
enteen stitches were taken in his. scalp.
He is well and favorably known and his
been emDloyed by Robert Kern. & Co.,
retail liquor dealers at 634 Market street,
for a number of years. At every Aus
trian celebration he has been unanimous
ly chosen to officiate as grand marshal.
The news spread \lke wildfire through
the grounds and there was 6oon a.howl
ing mob In the barroom, varies of "Get
a rope and lynch them!'* were heard from
all sides.. The infuriated crowd made a
rush for the fellows, and before they / were
finally rescued 'by the police they had
been roughly . handled.
They were taken to the Central sta
tion and their names entered on the deti
nue book. There is no doubt ,that the
attempted robherv was the result of a
deep laid plot and the police believe that
several others were connected with the
affair. Captain Martin f has detailed two
of his shrewdest men on. .the. case, ..but
up to a late hour last night no further
arrests had been made. .' . ,
THREATS- OF LYNCHING.
One of the thugs, who was subsequent
ly arrested, had crept up behind him
armed with a heavy beer glass, which
he brought down with crushing force on
SImcich's head. Simcich reeled and fell
to the ground and the two men then
started toward the prostrate form. That
It was their purpose to secure the coin
was evident, but before they could carry
out their design several of the picnickers
who had witnessed the affair- rushed to
the scene and grabbed them. '
About 4:30 o'clock it was found that a
crowd of hoodlums had succeeded in scal
ing the fence on the western side of the
grounds. Simcich, who had officiated ' as
master of ceremonies and grand marshal
of the parade, scented trouble as soon as
he saw them. He therefore gave orders
that the barroom in the upper portion of
the grounds be closed. Thinking no more
of the matter he repaired to the box of
fice and made up cash. The receipts of
the day amounted to nearly (900 and this
amount he placed In his pocket in a can
vas bag. He then strolled over to the
bar and while engaged in conversation
with a friend, the cook, who had been
employed at the barbecue, approached him
and asked for some money on account.
Simcich put his hand in his pocket and
handed the man $3. His back at this time
was turned to the door, and he was total
ly unaware of the blow he was about to
receive.
CLIMB OVER FENCE.
Nothing occurred to mar the day's
pleasure until late in the afternoon, when
the Intrepid crooks attempted to hold up
Mr. Simcich and secured possession of
the gate receipts, which were In his
charge. It Is regarded as miraculous
that the blow he received with a beer
glass did not fracture his skull and it
will be some time before he Is able to at
tend to his business.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association' is the representative organiza
tion of the Austrian colony in this city
and it, has been the custom for many
years to give an annual picnic, target
shoot and barbecue. Glen Park was
selected for this year's festivities and
the affair was attended by an- Immense
crowd. A parade through the principal
streets preceded the trip to the pleasure
grounds.
As the result of a daring and ineffectual
attempt to steal $900 during the progress
of the picnic given Sunday at Glen Park
by the Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association, two men are in custody at the
City Prison and Joseph Simcich, a well
known Austro-American and grand mar
shal of the organization, is confined to his
bed, nursing a scalp wound that necessi
tated seventeen stitches.
Victim of Assault Has Gate Receipts
Amounting to $900 in His
Possession at the
Thieves Strike* Joe Simcich
on Head and Narrowly
Escape Lynching.
Austrian Picnic Scene
of Daring Attempt
at Robbery.
THUGS TRY
TO SECURE
LARGE SUM
GIRL DIES OF INJURY
AFTER STAGE DISASTER
Miss Katie Veitch, of Oakland, Who With Her Par
ents Was Thrown From a Vehicle Near Lake Ta
hoe, Succumbs and Mother Has Dangerous Bruises
WILLCUTT SPENDS WEARY
DAY ON WITNESS STAND
Attorney for Carmen's Union Tries to Make Him
Retract • Certain Statements, 9 but Secretary of
United : Railroads \ Stands by , Original Utterances
THE SAN FRAKCISCOCAIili, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1903.
16
¦ DB. PIEBCE'S^ REMEDIES: V
=CF j The diver : dies without ; air .to ;
JT ""breathe. rThe . consumptive v dies ;
~tt without lungs to breatheUhe air, j
XI or of lungs rendered incapable 'of |
1 1 breathing by disease." The .blood ;
11 as it flows in and out of : the lungs
Indicates .the consumptive's, pro-'
TT gresa. As the lungs grow .weaker
. : I . less . oxygen is inhaled \ and J the
-j blood changes from scarlet to pur-
nOf P^ e * Oxygen *is the * life i of .the
/I tT blood as . tne blood is the life of
\\'A The effect of Dr. Pierce'a Gold-
II '/en .Medical- Discovery upon- weak
if/ lungs is to strengthen them, to en-
U / able the full oxygenation of the
1 1 blood, arrest', 1 the progress of! dia-
I I ease, : and .heal i the inflamed 'tis-;
n /^ •¦sqes.. Lung diseases have been
I tOM and are being cured by w Golden
K\hSZ Medical ' Discovery," V in
llSl^^ cases where deejVsoated
Xpynffr^ r™??* ¦ ' frequent hemor-
rhage, emaciation, weak-
ness, and night •sweats
f n aTe all pointed to a fatal
_ jg^Sat~?*~- termination by con-
flVjH I**— JW^ ' « Some years ago I
¦*>a^r > g'r r^ -**«^ was almott a nelr>-
le«s victim of that
tH fSV^^^STr^ _.drend diaeaee— con-
JV'P 1 "¦¦ fumption." writes
' Mr * ¦ < r h * s -i FroM '
~ ... M^^"r Wbite'co., lad:. «i ;
mi confined to nr room for several months ;
nj friend* and neighbors bad given nn all hope
of my recovery, until one day a friend J advised-
roc to take Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery, and after I had taken. the contents of the
second bottle I began to improve.5 After taking;
•ix bottles I was, Y, honestly believe, 1 delivered
from the grave and entirely cared. -;Iim bow a
strong- and hearty, man.". - ' -• „ \ .;
? Dr. Pierce'a ; Pellets , cleanse ;
the. dogged /system *from 'accumulated
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA ON FACE
Under Care of Physicians. Went
from Bad to Worse.
Could Not do Out.
CURED BYCUTICURA
" I was troubled with eczema on the
face for five months dnrio'g which time I
was in the care of physicians. My face
waa in each a condition that I could not'.
go out. It was going from bad to worse
end I gave op all hope, when a friend
of mine highly recommended Cuticnra
Remedies. The first night after I
washed my face with Cuticura Soap and
nsed Cuticura Ointment and ' Cutlcura j
Resolvent It changed wonderfully, and
continuing the treatment It removed
all scales and scabs. From that day I
was able to go out, and in a month my j
fi.ee was as clean as ever."
July 23, 1898. Thomas J. Soth,
317 Stagg St., Brooklyn, N.Y.
Five Years Later. — " I hare not '
since been troubled with eczema."
Feb. 19, 1903. Tnome J. Soth.
IN THE TREATMENT
01 Torturing:, Disfiguring, Itch* •
. ing. Burning and Scaly
Humours • •
Of the skin, scalp and blood, with loss of
hair, Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills
have been wonderfully successful. Even
the most obstinate of constitutional hu-
mours, euch as bad blood, scrofula, in-
herited and contagious humours! with
loss of hair, grandular swellings, ulcer-
ous patches in the throat and month,
sore eyes, copper-coloured blotches, as
well as boils, carbuncles, scurvy, sties,
ulcers and sores arisiDg from an impure
or impoverished condition of the' blood,
yield to the Cuticura Treatment, when
all other remedies fail.*
•aM ttroortool tb» world. Cotiear* Knolttal. We.
(la form of CbocoUtc Cmtr4 PiU, 24c oer tUI of »J.
Otstmcnt. «te- Smb. 2Se. Depot* i London. S7 Charter-
fcoBM K).; Part*. { tint <U U Peixi Botteo. W Cotsnbai
Jv«. Form Drat * Cbrtn. Corp.. Sol* Proprietor*.
¦V S»4 fur - lie w to Cart tils Tcrttu**," tu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
\ For the Form and Complexion.
J&XSZJbL^ * u »y u«d by tead-
/**&> *«5* in * " ctr * ss * s - »ln*-
fc#«Bv era and noinen of
feAWC? f<«f fashion tor mor*
iiSg** '**? than 25 years.
IVS */ J* Wherever apptJ«<l
ijj ' "TTjf it Is instantly ab-
M Ty aorbed through thm
W porea of tha ikln.
>)7 i *°& lt« wonderful
" ' \T"" nutrition fteds thm
¦f iraattna- tlssu««.
fe>. Removing Pimples
*** inhr^. * % > As if by iaa«1c. on.
' ZJtttZk \r% ¦»»"«»»» of tea
s^*« u lvSri7 •*>•• Jn»prov*m«nt.
CR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD la positive,
the only preparation known to medical •ci«n c «
that will round out hollows in th« neck aa 1
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheeka. arm,
and hands.
FOB DEVELOPING THE BTJ3T
Cr breasts shrunken from nursing it has toa
highest indorsement of physicians. Two boxtZ
la often sufficient to make Um bust firm.
larce and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM A.VD OTHJCR
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price, $1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage ot this SPECIAL OFFER and
¦end ns one dollar we will send two (2) box e «
In plain wrapper.
FDPF — A tampl« box and our book.
«* D C "art OF MASSAGE.- fully £
lustra ted, will . be sent frt* to any lady send-
ing 10 cents to pay tor cost ot mailing. Address
PH. CHARLES CO.. 19 Park Plata. 5tw Twk.
To Our Customers and Friends:
Fire in our repository . at Market
and Tenth streets xhe. morcii»f at
July 8 destroyed a portion of our
. stock of vehicles. . The .main part ,
of our merchandise, however, is
stored in our warehouse, at Fifth '
and King streets and Is uninjured.
All- orders will be filled with usual
promptness and business -will becon-
¦ ducted the same as heretofore. Our
repair shops in the new buildtnz
on Tenth street are not Injured and
our roanufacturii.g and repairing
are being promptly attended to.
For the present we have opened a
temporary office at No. 1335 Market
street, between -Ninth and Tenth
streets.- Telephone -Private) Ex-
chansre 634.
\We thank our friends for the pat-
ronage given us heretofore and re-
' spect fully solicit a continuance > of
,'tpe same.
HO. 1325 MAgxer BT^SET.
.CUTUERiiT
¦ -¦,. ADVEBTISEMEKTS, ¦¦'..
A WEALTHY MAN'S YOUNG WIFE
Was Dangerously Ill-Pe-ru-na Saved Her
MR. \V. E. BIRCH, Afton, Va., an doctor to rive her medicine and h« did
. extensive fruit grower at that all he could, but she did not improve tna
place, writes the following letter least.' .
to The Peruna Medicine Co., of Colum- : "7" ". •, * _ •"
bus, Ohio. "We print the letter in part: She has consumption in her fam-
. The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O.: .. • , , . r . . • "t_- ,"«
Gentlemen:— "I am glad to be able to lly and she was in SUCh baa Shape, SO
IvythK^nrmorTt^is 7 3SnH run down, nervous.weak, and could
for it. ¦. not eat, that I had begun to get very
a:d M o y ut^ e soTt a sVe^ry m wS. 3S SSH »*****, but your medicine has made
SeS^^S^£ h til?y i a. W3r wrt an entirely new nvman of her. I be-
"One day I happened to be at my lieve she eats and feels better than
father's store, S. A. Biroh. Coresvillo. Alb _t_ jl__ /__ •/«-»• "_ W F - Rireh
County, vVa.. and noticed your medicine She has for years. ~'W- C.Oircn,
there for sale. ¦ Afton, Va.
"I thought it might help my wife so I ,
brought a bottle of it homo and within If you.do not derive prompt and satls-
a week she • commenced to eat and now factory results "from' the use of Peruna,
she, is hungry all the time and not half write at once to Dr. Hartman. givlnav*
the medicine has been taken. We both full statement of your ca«e and he will
agree that it beats any medicine to bring be pleased to give you his valuable advlca
on an appetite and to put the nerves in gratis. to .
good shape that we have ever had any- Address Dr. Hartman, President or Tne
thing to do with. "We had our family Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.