san francisco: honpay, August 3, 1903.
YQLITME XCIV— NO. 64.
SCENES IN THE REGION WHERE
THE? PRISON FUGITIVES ARE
BEING HUNTED. >
At dawn the weary watchers
were ready for action. Sheriff
Bosquit and Captain Swisler-were
in charge of the forces. It was
decided that it was not advisable
to storm the spot where the con
victs were supposed to be. It
was agreed to set fire to the brush
on the hill and if the convicts
were upon the hill to force them
to come out into the open or be
burned to death. It was planned
that when the fire got near the
scene of yesterday's battle a rush
would be made to recover the bod
ies of the men who had been
killed.
The brush was fired on the
vals of twelve paces in all the ra
vines and gullies at the bottom of
the hill on all sides. The hill is
about 200 feet in elevation from its
base and is covered with dense
manzanita . brush on the side
where the soldiers were ambushed.
Clean up to the top of the hill it is
seamed with canyons and gulches,
affording the best of protection for
men wishing to hide.
Continued on Fasre 2. Column" 3. u
presented an awful spectacle. The
bodies were found lying side by
side. .
Rutherford had been hit with
several bullets. He had been shot
through the stomach. The bullet
passed through the body and came
out near the left shoulder blade.
Another bullet had passed through
his -right shoulder. Still a third
had hit him squarely in the middle
of the throat and had passed out
of the back of his neck. Any one
of the . wounds was fatal.
-Rutherford must have been
,wounded in the shoulder first, for
•when his body was discovered it
was found that he had fired every
cartridge in his rifle.: Six empty
shells 'were found beside his body
and. the seventh was in the cham
ber of the; gun.' Rutherford was
found lying on 'his back, his face
Officers Find
Bodies of
Victims.
At the first volley Leh Wedg
wood, a member of jthe posse, re
ceived a serious wound in the
hand, the bullet fired by one of
the convicts passing through that
member. A second bullet struck
the stock of Wedgwood's rifle"
and tore off a large pie.ee* of the
hardwood. • •
Wedgwood declares that at the
moment he fired he saw one of
the convicts fall, and he feels sure
that one was struck by his bullet.
The town is alarmed and search
is being made for the fugitives.
distorted and his limbs drawn up.
Jones was shot almost to pieces.
A gaping wound in his head- al
lowed his brains to exude: The
jagged opening was large enough
to insert three fingers of a manS
hand. The skull was smashed in
all directions caused t>y a" soft
nosed bullet. The lower' part of
his face was. filled with buckshot
and he was also : shot twice
through the body. His- dotting
was soaked with his life's blood
and strong men shuddered as they
\ viewed the remains of the gallant
young fellow who after -fighting
through the Philippine war ' met
his untimely end in bravely dis
charging his duty as an American
citizen. He was found lying on
his face and his head rested on his
gun barrel, which contained .its
full load of cartridges. '. .
The gun of Rutherford was
DUTCH FLAT, Aug. 2.
t— At 9:20 o'clock to
: night a posse, rriade up
• of officers and citizens
and consisting of ten men, -went
out to the cemetery to arrest a
couple .of "the escaped convicts
from Folsom "prison, w£o had
made their way here from the lo
cality of Placeryijle. '*£';£
The fugitives had been see,n
moving mysteriously in the vicin
ity of the burial place and* the in
formation was conveyed by a rail
road employe to the officers. They
lost no time in preparing for a
capture, and well knowing the
desperate character of the men
they, expected to deal with, they
saw to it that there was no«lack of
armament in the party. *
The cemetery is loeateef about
midway between the station and
the town and the distance from
town to station, is nearly a mile.
When the officers" approached the'
cemetery there appeared to be no
other persons in the neighbor
hood, and in brder-that.no mistake
might be made, it was decided to
search the locality. • • . •
The search. had not-proceeded
for more than a few minutes when
two men s.tarted. up .from the
grass and began to run. * They
were called upon to ' half, and
then, to the consternation of* the
posse, they turned, and fired with
rifles. The posse was quick to
return the fire.
Special' Dispatch. to'Tht, \Ca\\ '
Noise of Con
flictAlarms;:
Town.: . :
Fight. Occurs
at Dutch
Flat. ...
POSSE SHOOTS
AT TWO FU=
GITIVES.
; *T*'WO-of the fugitive convicts from the Folsom penitentiary were located in Dutch Flat last night and a brief : battle with rifles was the result. The two men, one of whom is said to have been the negro, Seavis, openefrfire on a pvsse
' 1 • 'of. dti-ens who were intent on making arrests. One of the members of the posse was shot in the ]\and and the butt of his rifle, was damaged by a bullet. The convicts,,one of whom may have been wounded, escaped in the faith.
• : -j^, c fodtcsof the soldiers killed in the fight at the Grand Victory mine were recovered by the posses yesterday, and the deserted camp of 'the murderous convicts was found. The convicts had made. their escape.. .... • .
TWO CONVICTS OPEN FIRE ON OFFICERS AT DUTCH FLAT.
PURSUER IS WOUNDED AND OUTLAW PROBABLY WAS SHOTS
SOLDIERS' BODIES FOUND NEAR MURDERERS' DESERTED CAMP
sduth and east sides of the hill at
6:30 this morning, and as the
flames made, headway every man
in the posses covered the hill with
his rifle, prepared to shoot at the
first signs' of the convicts emerg
ing from the flaming brush.
Volunteers /were- called for to
recover the. bodies of Rutherford
and Jones. - Fourteen men re
sponded.. They were led by Will
iam Rutherford and William Bur
gess. At "6 45 o'clock'five mem
bers of the ' detachment emerged
from . the*' undergrowth carrying
the body' of Festus Rutherford.
The brother of : the dead man was
leading- the : body bearers, tears
streaming from his eyes. As the
remains were \ laid on the ground
William Rutherford was over
come with despair and grief. He
wildly, called on his dead • brother
to speak. to him. until kindly hands
led him from the spot. The scene
will never.be forgotten by the men
¦who witnessed it. and. the hardy
mountaineers; sorrowfully : bent
their lieads and gripped their rifles
and swore to (wipe out the murder
ers, if- but a. glimpse could be
caught of them. ; ' , ¦
: Five : minutes ; later, -.the body ; of
Jones •-! was recovered. • His body
Contintied.cn Page 2, Column 5.
PLACERVILLE, Aug.
2. — A Call correspond
ent who went out from
here with the posses last
night to the Grand Victory Mine
and spent the night there with the
armed men who were guarding
the hill where the battle with the
convicts took place returned here
this morning.
' Three men dead and one se
riously wounded was the loss sus
tained by the man-hunters at the
battle fought at Grand Victory
Mine yesterday evening with the
band of outlaws who escaped
from Folsom prison.
The outlaws escaped without
loss. The armed posses, num
bering more than 400 men, gath
ered at the Grand Victory Mine
from all adjacent points. They
came in on horseback and in all
kinds of teams and wagons. At
7 :$o o'clock last night the hill on
which the bloody fight had taken
place was surrounded by a small
army of men determined to avenge
the deaths of their comrades who
had been ambushed a few hours
earlier.
Guards were stationed at inter-
Fire Sweeps
at Convict
Camp.
'.•: v Tomorrow morning, .when the
fiarhes have subsided, a careful
search of the hill will be made,
fit seems likely that this theory of
suicide may turn out to be true,
.for'the reason that the three men
.<efn this" afternoon in the canyon
near .the Sevenrmile House must
have' been three of the convicts
svHb participated in yesterday's
•.battle and not the three who were
•supposed" -to ' have been at the
"Monte mine last night and who
exchanged shots with two guards
• f rom* Folsqm p'rison.
y • The distance" from the scene of
yesterday's battle to the canyon
tiear the Seven-mile House is
about four miles, and it is possible
that the convicts" went in that di
rection. Ilie presence of three of
them there and the circumstance
that Gill claims he wounded one
in the fight and the firing of a
• Otie.-oi the hats found in the
convicts' lair has a bullet hole in
i% *.The : trail. found to-day and
followed. to Perry's shows that a
Vrian. had evidently dragged him
self along, limping on one leg and
trailing the other in the dust.
" .This -would indicate that the man
Avas 'wounded or disabled in one
' : .. This morning while the fire was
Paging on-the hillside near where
; the' battle took -place- a shot was
•heard -jn the brush. Some of the
posse -thought that it was possibly
;a' cartridge exploding, but after a
¦while -all. came to the conclusion
•tfiat.the noise was too loud for a
.cartridge to have been exploded
"in that manner'.- .It.is thought that
.one of the. convicts was wounded
l5y Gill, and that, finding himself
helpless and -surrounded by flames,
fcecdmrmtted suicide.
Posses Believe
•v Suicide Occurred
•/.^VtACERVILLE, Aug.
•'•"' M M. 2. — All sorts of ru
''.. Jt*"^ - mors are filling the air
¦^¦. in Placen-ille to-night.
Reports are coming in from all
places that the convicts have been
seen, .but none of these are au
thentic- This' afternoon a report
came in that the body of a convict
Jrad been found in the brush near
wKere the battle of yesterday took
jiace. Coroner Winchell went
'nui to investigate this rumor and
:foirad that there was nothing in it.
• " Gill,' the", wounded man of the
militia; . is [ progressing favorably
>nd he will- recover. Gill feels
•certain that he wounded one of the
convicts -in the battle yesterday.
71 e" saVs -that .when the convicts
fifed" at the- militia he fired at the
•head of a man' that showed just
•aWe the brush. He fired at the
•ihar and .then his second shot he
'fired lower down, so as to hit the
fnm'in the body. Gill claims he
-distinctly heard the convict say
../My God!"' 'and threw his rifle in
ihee sir. '.'}'¦
gpecul Dispatch to The CaJU
Fugitive May
Have Killed
Himself.
Shot Is Heard
g In Fiery
: Brush.
TRACKS FOUND
OF WOUND=
ED MAN.
PRICE ITVE: CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Angry Pursuers
Will Continue
a Lively Chase
v TOPEXA. Kans.. Aus. 2.— High water
">'«used mifc'h work and excitement in
, Nortfi .Tapoka to-day. Rain began falling
firre shortly* a fwr midniKht, and by day-
t light "the *t«rm had reached the propor
(Jons of a -cloudburst. The North Topeka
have not been reopened Fince the
Jun** flood, and alj of thn water ran
through -the low streets to the river. The
water covered the fim flwrs in a number
of th» houses along Gordon street and in
the ptreet was three feet dr-ep. Many of
th*- r«!id*?nts «f North Topeka who "had
be^n through the other flood thought the
river had broken through at the west side
of'thr city and that another flood was
tinon them.- In South Topeka. near Shun-
Fanunga (Jreek, the water wa* nearly as
1. ¦¦i.h as it was north of the river.
7h«* storm) taught the train at Arcola.
.ra« cf Kllswor«fo. and for part of the way
.hktk vr Ellsworth the passengers got out
'and a*£iswd-in the work of cribbing the
Jrack*. The watrr was above the track
'jtn.i the train was rompcllnl lo feel its
wax a. J>«rtion of the trip. West from
•iiavaria i*.«tt sea -of water, and much dam
i'.pr to crops win result.
"•"SALINA! Kans« Aufc. 2.— A cloudburst
"which •occurred .to-day flooded the low
.'lattds and valleys from" a point near
l.sJndsb'org. northwest, to Ellsworth, doing
fnuch damflge.' The valley northwest
from Wndsborg is all jinder water and at
Carnerlo, Brookyllle and Bavaria the wa
ter Ts trotn one to twp feet deeper than
dufijy? the recent flood. At Carnerio the
streets were flooded and the water
resetted the platform of the Union Pa
yi*c depot. Residences In the lower part
. t>f-!the tu»'n are" from one. to three feet
imrfT water. Twelve miles of the Union
•Pacific tfack" west of Brockville was
s-wept off the roadbed and the Union Pa
<1*c "passenfi'T train due here at midnight
.lasfnicht "fc rrlved here at noon to-day.
_h»^-.lnp tisr-d the Missouri Pacific tracks
V<rom EUswprth.
XAJISAS CXJIES AGAIN
• • ' . IN GRIP • OF A FLOOD
It has been established that the
band of convicts contained the
bloodthirsty and murderous negro,
Seavis. . D. W. Gipe, the watch
man at the Grand Victory miue,
said to-day that he saw a negro
among the men who bought eggs
and bread from him yesterday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. When
shown a picture of . Seavis the
watchman immediately identified
it as that of the negro he saw
yesterday. There were 'four in
the party. Two came and bought
eggs and bread and the other two
were standing off at some distance.
The two men who were in the dis
tance stood on a pile of mining
debris. One was a negro and he
wore a cap. Gipc could not iden
tify any other photographs of the
thirteen escaped convicts.
whence the convicts had fired on
us. I remained in the same spot.for
nearly an hour, and being satisfied
that the fallen men of our squad
were not alive Rutherford and I
worked our way down the hill."
A. J. Bell, one of the soldiers,
known as Lon' Bell, said :
"We struck the trail near the
mine at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon and followed it up the hill.
For a quarter of a mile it was
clear and then we lost it. While
we were hunting through the
dense manzanita brush the con
victs suddenly opened fire on us
from about twenty feet and three
of our men fell. I fired ten shots
in the direction whence they had
fired on us. The convicts fired
continuously at us for about three
minutes. I have no accurate idea
as to how manv shots were fired."
Williana Burgess, an attorney
of Placerville and one of the posse
of militia who was ambushed, was
interviewed here to-day. He said :
"I was located on the left of the
squad alongside William Ruther
ford. We were going up the hill
through the manzanita brush,
when I heard Jones cry out from
our- extreme right thirty feet
away, 'Here they are, boys; get
dowrjp' At that instanf a volley
was fired at us from the brush
right ahead fifteen to twenty feet
away. 1 dropped to the ground
and began firing in the direction
Stories of Fight
convicts were wounded in the bat
tle which followed the deadly am
bush. \
The posses left the hill about
10:30 o'clock this morning, gath
ered at the Grand Victory mine
and departed for their homes,
tired out and weary from loss oi
sleep. There is no clew or trail
to show which way the gang of
convicts went after they had am
bushed the , soldiers. The only
thing now is for the posses to wait
for word that the convicts have
been seen, and once again they
will take up the trail.
An inquest was held on the bod
ies of Rutherford and Jones soon
after they were recovered. Coro
ner C. P. Winchell summoned a
jury from among the posses and
brief evidence was heard. A ver
dict of willful murder was re
turned by the jury against "un
known convicts." The bodies
were then sent to Placerville.
Guardsmen Tell
* SHERIFFS WHO HAVE BEEN TAKING A PROMINENT PART IN THE
SEARCH FOR THE GANG OF CONVICTS WHO OVERPOWERED
FOLSOM AUTHORITIES AND MADE THEIR ESCAPE.
This community has been in a
state of wild excitement for the
last thirty-six hours. At day
break this morning those who
had waited through the night
were joined by every man, wo
man and child who remained in
Placerville last night and who had
sought their homes at an early
hour this morning. Reports of
all kinds are coming in from all
directions, but, every one. waits
anxiously for the' news of the ex-
shot when the hillside was in
flames to-day, is likely to bear out
the theory that one of the des
peradoes has been added to those
who must eventually pay the pen
alty of their crimes.
This evening Deputy Sheriff
Cook and Attorney W. C. Burgess
left with a posse for the Pacific
House, which is twenty miles
above Placerville on the Lake Ta
hoe road.' The object of the posse
is to head off the convicts in case
the£ go to that region.
The three convicts who were
seen in the canyon a short distance
from the Seven-mile House have
not been located. The posse that
went out after them could not find
them .and when they followed the
trail the approach of darkness
stopped the work. It will be taken
up again in the morning. Sheriff
Bosquit says, that he will have
bloodhounds here to-morrow .with
a man who understands the use of
them and the first foot trail that is
found of any of the convicts the
bloodhounds will be set to follow
out;
Coroner Winchell has made all.
arrangements for holding the in^
quest on the bodies of the three
who met an untimely death yes
terday. This of course is a mere
matter of formality, as the verdict
must be "Willful murder at the
hands of unknown convicts."
Wild Excitement
In Placerville
Horror Caused
by the Crimes
of Desperadoes
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
The flames swept through the
brush on the hill, and where a
certain portion of the manzanita
was not burned the posses hunted
to see if the convicts were there.
At 10 o'clock this morning the hill
had been thoroughly gone over,
and with rage and despair the
man-hunters were* forced to the
conclusion that the quarry had es
caped.
It is known that one of the con
victs escaped through the line kept
by two armed guards about 2
o'clock this morning. The men
thought it was a pig rustling
through the brush and the guards
did not' fire in that direction, as
they might have hit some of the
pursuers.
It is presumed on account
of the abandoning of certain
things by the convicts, such as the
field glasses and ammunition and
portions of their clothes, that they
must have immediately left the
scene of the battle after the am
bush and got away from the hill
before help arrived two hours
Xo blood stains led from the
convicts' lair, which was inspected
by the posses before the flames
swept over it. This leads the man
hunters to assume that none of the
The discover)' of the field
glasses and the manner ill which
the ambush of the soldiers took
place proves conclusively that
Convict Woods, the leader of the
gang that broke from Folsom.
was in the party. On Monday
last he stole the field glasses, and
the guards who were the prisoners
of the convicts heard Woods tell
the rest of the desperadoes that
he would keep the glasses at all
hazards.
Woods also told Guard Klen
zendorf that "If you fellows ever
get the tin soldiers of militia after
us we will show them what real
fighting is. for we will ambush
them and shoot them to pieces."
Search of the Hill
a Fruitless One
also found and none of the val
uables or money on the two bod
ies had been disturbed, showing
that the convicts who murdered
them had been afraid to move
from their lair after the battle to
loot the bodies of their victims.
After the finding of the bodies
the posses entered the lair of the
convicts. There was no danger
in approaching it, for if the con
victs were still in hiding the ap
proach of the posses aided by the
flames must have driven the des
peradoes farther back on the hill.
In the convicts' camp the posses
found three hats, one of which
had a bullet hole through the
brim : three vests, a can of water
and two or three empty cans. A
few rounds of ammunition, two
revolvers and the pair of field
glasses stolen from Diehl's stpre
at Pilot Hill last Monday were
discovered.
The friends of Stringer, who
live at Hanks Exchange, will take
charge of his remains, but they
have not made any arrangements
as yet for his funeral. Coroner
Winchell will communicate in the
morning with the wife of Jones,
who lives in San Francisco. It is
likely that his funeral will be un
der the auspices of' the National
Guard. Deputy Sheriff Bosquit,
who was in charge of t T :e posse
that left Placerville yesterday aft
ernoon to follow the trails of the
reported convicts, says thai he ar
rived on the ground about the
same time as the posse oi militia
did. The two posses had gone in
different directions from Placer
ville to the Grand Victory mine
and approached the hill en differ
ent sides. •
When the Bosquit posse heard
the sound of firing they were pre
pared to give the convicts a warm
reception, and Bosquit says that but
.for the fact that he was requested
to bring his posse around on the
road to assist the militir. they
would hjrve had the convicts cor
nered. William Blake, one of the
men who shot at Stringer^ says
pected battle that was to be
fought at Grand Victory mine be
tween the band of murderous
convicts who had escaped from
Folsom Prison and the law offi
cers and those who had volun
teered to wipe the desperadoes
out of existence and to avenge
the murder of the two brave men
who last night gave up their lives
in upholding law and order.
The telephone office and tele
graph office here were early sur
rounded by eager seekers for
news, and every item that came
in over the wires spread like wild
fire through the excited commu
nity. Hour after hour news from
the Grand Victory mine was
eagerly awaited and discussed,
and as the minutes slipped by and
no news of the expected fight
had been received the hopes of
every one commenced- to sink.
Suddenly down the road was seen
a cloud of dust and a group of
armed and mounted men came
into view.
"What is-the news? What is
the news?" w^s the eager cry that
went up from hundreds of voices.
J< We have lost them. They
slipped from out* fingers right
after the battle," was the answer
of the manhunters.
This depressing information
was^ discussed with eagerness on
all sides and the general opinion
of the community was that no
steps should be left undone to
capture or kill the murderers who
are now terrorizing the whole
community. During the clay the
streets have been thronged with
people, not only those who reside
in Placerville, but many who have
come in from a distance.
Rutherford will be buried next
Tuesday by the Fraternal Broth
erhood Lodge and by the Na
tional Guard of Placerville and
the interment will take place at the
Union Cemetery.
Stringer Tragedy
a Pure Accident
¦';." After finishinjf' the meal the convicts
.'•'pSAed ufj" their arms and bundles and
jOtttrtfed down the road to the creek bot
'."toin. Seavis carried a rifle and Case a re-
: ::.\^jiver only. Each had plenty of ammunl
••'.:l"o»i apparently. The men proceeded to
* -Jacobsb/Vs house, on the side of the creek
."•ilbar.fr Lotus.,. where some of the Folsom
/• jirisoM g«5arflF DTere- watching. The con
• walked* near .the house in the clear
•. njoorriighf and Guards Thomas Ryan and
: Jpnn Wodd recognizeiJ the desperadoes at
''•' ps'ce: i'h^ tear.hunters took careful aim
• .'fvftm a. window and fired five shots before
.-.the fugitives disappeared. Case ran back
•"low&rd Jurgt ns atl( * Seavis in the d'.rec
• v.tion of Ortlli's ranch. • Seavis returned
» .'V.ne* shQt in repnonFe' to' the greeting of
¦ : ihe. guards. It is said that neither of the
'/"men know the country and it is thought
'•yiat tRey will probably meet death within
: 'a few days. Case is not feared by the
''-.rursuers. Beavis is considered a very bad_
'.'•-customer. He left Chapman's.house whist-'
• Ilrtg •merrily.' Charley" Jolly, in charge of
".th«f prison guards, and several other ofn
"*.c*rrs are agreed .that' the best way to
" »atch a/i<J kiir the outlaws is to station
•"'"two or three tnen in every lonely houfe
• ttrui. await q. xisit of the felons. This plan
•*-w;in« be pursued for a few days in the
"neighborhood of Lotus .and Webber
. "l'reek. Twelve. men were placed on the
*. track to-day at an early hour and inter
' -pstihg j3cvelopments are expected.
grVAH;bS FIBE AT CONVICTS.
'. . : 'Jf. it o hafl i*ot been .for you I would
•" n"a*-«£. epfaped*.4on(? agro. You are a hoo
"£on."° Seavis replied.- "If it had not been
..fo>- me ,,vou would h'Sve b«?n'left behind
¦Ai* be killed by the guaxds." Case subser
•Vjupntly rrmarked: "lTl kill myself rather
''ttKUvbe retaken."
' ¦*•".'. . ' . JS AW FEW FTJBSTJEBS. '
..' /?Ohapmrtn asked his visitors .If pursuer?
ir.srf bothered them .'to anv extent, and
.t'hey rejSlied'.that they had seen but one
• jjartytnft after them. Th^t was on Fri
." (fay.. e Frotn a hill they iaw a carriage
:.* containing O four armed men pass along
.road <- and one of the men had a tele
•_",h'copie»« Chapman went, to the door once.
--•.»nd "saw a third man walking- back and
'•'Sorth in°.the c moonlighC He did not join
''XbSt convicts ° when they left the house.
. Ca^ and Seavis were' particularly pleased
•to rc-lat'e t<? thtir host the story of the
; battle at Pilot Hill. Both seejned to think
Jit all a huge Joke. The convicts "made all
".sorts br fun of their nureue'rs and thought
1 they thenJselves could not be recaptured
'. under- "ordinary circumstances. When
•."Chapman asked them what was their des
'urfatlon Case said ha did not know but
: v=hoyld go, whichever way- might seem
VlVVt^. Both^tafed that- they had a hard
"tirp* in c th<? mountains and had not had a
reoJAr* meal since leaving prison before
/j?Ve..viEit, to Chapman's place.
- ; C )iy LACERVILLK. Aug. 2.-Ccn
••••"*" I • jW^" 1 * 018 and Seavfs are stiSl in
..¦ \ f^^^hel Webber Creek district.
-.'" c |° . . **h<-r> } hey. have been jexer fines
.:".«• •tlje'battle of Pilot Ilill. The cut
¦:'*.• f *' ° * '!•*¦ Paid a visit to the ho-jsa cf
.3f.nn 6. Chapman at Jufgens Postofflce
?j64tujpflay night wh«e their confederates
• .' 'J'W-e- .riinninir away from their murderous
.' •: :.vw>rk m the Grand -Victory mine. It was
ilJTPOrttA by I». W..G!p<» o{ rtanks 1 Ex
r^JWange tW ho had seen Seavis' with the
:-.":h*.vd«/f 'cQnviCU that butchered Jones
' ,\:jnn<f Rutherford. Thi.« was an error, as
.- j*fcfcrtv J« po.dmibt that the colored man
•r^jjemf •In/Wrtber Oretfk district, a doz?n
\'vnilr? distant. •
-.* r . c &?* 3»d £ea°vis appea'red at Chapman's
; : ."house at lf):30; o'clock in the even-.
'. -"infc. They 'asked for food of Chapman
""' whpn he appeared at the door In response
»: /fi.'h^r-kr.ock. He f=u.rmis>ed t*iat th«> men
before him must bt» es«ip*d convicts arid
.- *eskVd thp^i if he was right >in his supposi
. ..tW"n: 0 <^aFP. Towered by =t"eilfng his own
_•• name. and that of his companion. Chap
"•. -man had c ntf *;t**rnativ»<» but to get supper,
,he immediate^;.* While the
:• •fm^ri was under preparation Case tv*=-nt
•J.*-Into the rear 61 tftf two-i^nm house and
.< .sh»ye<l him*=clf with his rjr!uctant host's
: jV razor. £asp l and the negro kept up a
..-: rapid carij-erration. during, the time they
•V- r.«'»rnained -in the house.
.'•.'•.' Thpc Jwo 'men ate a ii*»a'rty meal and
:>-'jpijk a q,uantity.of food witn-thftn in can?.
.'J/i-hjy KZSie jChaprrvfln.K from which to pay
,/'"foii the; supplies furnished his visitor?.
: ;"* t liCit, he had c no •change, and Case subse
¦J.-.V^^r-.tly left a silver dollar." Case !s re
v'portfd" by f Ohapman" to have paid to the
5b«cirI DiiT'RCch to The CaJt
"Bulfets.'Are Sent
i, 'After Vicious
& :': : ' Pain ¦
Food'Asked From
¦;o ' an {EL\- Dorado
<••••. /."Farmer.
;:J$Ufderous : Negro
% .in;; Many Lo
f£.-:C \calities. •
WHEREABOUTS OF SEAVIS A MYSTERY
Camp of Convicts
at the I^iirl:
Summit... *. I
Detritus of. Meal
Found by thdv
Searchers.'-/;:
Outlaws Are Gone
When Posses-: ¦'•
Arrive.. \ : "
Special Dispatch to The/ Call.
PLACERVlLLcE. Aug. ,2.— Wh««.
the detachment of. mllKl* was
ambushed the undergrowth -was
particularly thick and the spot
is almost at the top of the hill.
Several fallen logs In, the brush
made progress of the manhuntera ;most
difficult. So dense is the brush that it la
impossible to see more than; twenty feet
ahead. . ¦ '. : '
The outlaws had made their" camp at
the spot where the ambush took place..
Bread, eggs and the embers of a fire were
indications that the convict* had made a
meal at that point. The convicts harl rev
moved their vests and were lying around.
It 1« presumed that they sighted the mill- ;
tia when the latter were only a short dl3-
tance away. Two of the convicts must
have stationed themselves behind tree3
and one in a depression In the ground. .
The station taken by the fourth co-nvict
could not be located. .
The posse of militia had discovered the,
trail of the convicts on their arrival at"
the hill and proceeded to work their way
to the top of H. When, within twenty fe*> t
of the outlaws' lair W. J. Jones of th»
posse cried out to his comrades. "Here
they are. boys." but at the very Instant
that his voice gave warning the convict3
poured a deadly volley of lead right into
the midst of the pursuers, . • •
FALL AT THE FIRST FIRE.
Jon-s. Gill and Festus Rutherford fell
at the first fire. The other men in the
pursuing party quickly returned the fire.
The battleMasted about ten minutes., vol
leys being fired by the soiatera and tha
convicts. .* •
All of the militiamen with. the excep
tion of Will Rutherford were lying on the
ground. Rutherford remained- standing
throughout the fight. Gill, who fcad been
wounded, worked his way around to- his
comrades and was assisted later on to the .
base of the hill, where he was placed In.
a bed at the mine house.
The survivors of the, engagement re
mained In their position for about three-
quarters of an hour, never leaving tne
spot. They heard rustling in the manza
nita brush, but could not tejl what caused
it. . -
The six men of the militia had " ap
proached the lair of the murderers In
skirmish ordMr. They were strung out.
over a line forty feet long: Two of th«
soldiers approached the lair on It* left.
and four worked up to it on' its right.
There was a distance of twenty feet be
tween the two small squad* of soldiers. :
The two men who were killed and the one •
wounded were in the squad that was on
the right of the lair. '.
GATHERING OF AVEUTGERS.
Word of the battle had rapidly reached
surrounding points, and hundreds of
armed men hurried to the spot. Throug'i
the long and anxious watches of th« night
the manhunten prayed for the dawn so
they could avenge their comrades and
wipe out the murderers.
The unfortunate death of Philip Spring
er, a member of one of the posses, took
place on a small trail at the base of tha
side of the hill where the battle had been
fought. William Blake; another of th«
posse, was with two other men when ho
saw Springer ahead In the darkness. H©
called on Springer to halt, but Springer
turned and fired his rifle; evidently think
ing the men were some of the convict?.
The thought came to Blake, that Springer
was one of the hunted men. and he flre<I.
Springer fell dead, shot through the wrist
and stomach. Thi3 occurred at a little
before midnight, and it caused great ex
citement among the posses guarding the
hill. ./ •
THIRD TRIAL OF POWERS
FOR THE GOEBEL
Prisoner Expects Freedom, But Pro
secution Hopes for Death
Sentence.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Aug. 2.-The third
trial of former Secretary of State Caleb
Powers as accessory before the fact to
the murder of Governor William Ooebel
will begin here to-morrow before Judga.
Robbins at a special term of the Scott
Circuit Court. All of the other trials of
Powers, Howard and Youtsey, who arf»
now serving life sentences for. alleged
conspiracy that resulted in 'the-. shooting,
of Goebel as he entered the Sta.te House
grounds at Frankfort three years ago last
January, were before Judge Cantrell of
this circuit. Both stfes claim to haye
much additional evidence, and It Ta
thought the hearing will continue all of
this month. • •
Powers has been convicted twice and
sentenced for life both times. While Pow-.
era Is now expecting freedom, the prose
cution claims that its new evidence may
result In a verdict of first degree- murder.
James Howard, who. la charged with hav
ing done the shooting, also awaits a n»~
trial. ;'^
SAX JOSE All* 2.— E. Monies, who was a*»
rested on Saturday for vtctimlxinK thrrt local
Jewelers was to-day tdentiflwi by the. urnlor
mnsW of the Pan Francisco (Inn of Schu
macher & Co. as the man who ohtalnW-the two
valuable rings from him last week on the pre
text that he wlshrrf to submit them to his wife
for a choice, and who failed to return. •
that no blame can be attached to
him. He -was simply doing his
duty, and when he and the two
men with him sighted Stringer
they called upon him to h*'t-
There seems to be some little dis
crepancy in the various state
ments made. It has been alleged
that Stringer turned and fired at
Blake and his men. Blake says
to-night that he is not quite sure
whether Stringer fired at them or
some one who was close to
Stringer. There seems to be no
disposition on the part of any one
to blame Blake for the untimely
taking off of Stringer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
2Constant employment, according to an
advertisement in an Italian newspaper,
can be obtained by experts capable of imi
tating the handwriting of ' old manu
scripts. Seldom, perhaps, has a forger
been advertised for quite so openly.
fala beat Flower of Kerry. 11-7: SIsklyou
beat Tobasco Bob, 6-3; General de Wet beat
Haddlnjrton. 5-0; Black Flush beat Black
Rex, 8-3; Pasha Pleasant beat Crwwlck, 6-2;
Young Buck beat Siren, 0-6; Medley beat
Yankee Boy, 12-7.
Third round— Master Clalr beat Younsr Fear
less, 8-5; Mount Rose beat Bonnie Hughle.
(1-4; Bob R beat Money Musk. 10-8; Fenll beat
Lily WrlKht..9-5; Snapper Garrison beat Little
Mercy. 12-3; Honest John beat Real Pasha,
8-0; Homer Boy a bye; Harlean Gladys beat
Royal Friend, 6-0; Miss Brummel beat Sofala.
7-4 r Slskiyou beat General de Wet, 10-8; Pasha
Pleasant beat Black Flush, 6-3; Young Buck
beat Medley. 6-2.
Fourth round — Mount Rose beat Master
Clalr. R-3; Bob R beat Fenli. 4-8; Snapper
Garrison beat Honest John, 8-5: Homer Boy
beat Harlean Gladys, 0-5; Miss Brummel a
bye: Pasha Pleasant bent Youiyr Buck. 0-6.
Fifth round — Mount Rose beat Bob R. 6-3;
Snapper Garrison beat Homer Boy, 6-2; Pasha
Pleasant beat Miss Brummel. 6-1.
Sixth round— Mount Rose beat Snapper Gar
rison. 7-4; Pasha Pleasant a bye.
Deciding course — Pasha Pleasant beat Mount
Rose, 8-6.
Puppy stake, second round — Star Sytvanus
beat Castle Blaney Boy 8-2; Gunpowder beat
Pacing Billy, 7-5; Ragtime beat Encore. 6-3;
Donneybrock beat Magic Stuff. 22-3; Equator
beat Duhallow, 7-3; Irvlngton Tralee beat Re
cruit. 4-0.
Third round — Ragtime beat Star Sylvanus,
2-1: Donneybrook beat Gunpowder, 17-3; Irv
injtton Tralee. beat Equator, 7-6.
Deciding course — Ragtime beat Donneybrook,
8-1. Irvlngton Tralee being withdrawn.
. Open; stake, second round — Tounff Fearless
beat Rlenii. 0-7; Master Clalr beat Fair Play,
fi-0* Bonnie Hughle beat Mary Ann, 7-5;
Mount Rose beat Yellowtall. 8-3; Money Music
beat Sllevenaraon, 6-0; Bob R beat May Hemp
stead, 0-8; Fenll beat Africander. 8-4; Lily
Wright beat White Hat, 4-1; Little Mercy beat
Toronto, 0-7; Snapper Garrison beat Bella
Lloyd, 8-1; Honest John beat Aggie W, 8-3;
Real Pasha a bye: Dear Gaaton beat "Whisky
Hill. 0-6; Homer Boy beat Beta 8, 8-4; Har
lean Gladys beat Prompto, 6-1 ; Royal Friend
beat Manru, 6-0; Miss Brummel a by*; So-
Pasha Pleasant annexed the open
etaKe at Inglcslde Coursing Park yester
day after a hard deciding course with
Mount Rose. The- last course Bcemed at
the start easy for the favorite.
Slipper Bhorstag liberated the dogs to
a hare that went up the field y like a
ghost. When It reached "a point opposite
the grand stand it stopped. The specta
tors looked for a quick pickup, but when
the hounds were within reaching distance
the hare started away at a pace that was
surprising. Up toward the escape fence
the hare kept his pursuers on the move
and forced them to roll up fourteen
points before the flag was raised.
Bob R made a good showing against
Fenii, a 1 to 4 favorite, .beating him. out
In an exciting trial.
-In the puppy event Ragtime had an
easy time in beating his kennel mate
Donneybrook. Following are the day's
results with Judge Thomas Tierney;s offi
cial scores:
Ragtime Outfoots His Kennel Hate
Donneybrook for First Place in
Puppy Event.
PASHA PLEASANT WINS
THE INGLESIDE STAKE
P«Ution From American Croatians.
LONpors, A-ug. 3.-The Times this
moKiin'g prJnts a Vienna dispatch Baying
that the Emperor 'of Russia received
.witfi bpnevolenee from, the Croatian* In
trfe United States a petition describing
the position of Croatia in the darkest
tinns. It says that Prince Urusoff,
an-ho -<5n July 27 was reported as having
been wounded in the Kazan district by
peasants, iias become -insane. The dis
pa>tch says he" was in the habit of test
ing -his bKJH as a marksman on the
bodies of his peasants. • .
• c here to Sheriff Eosqult that he had
•seen three m«n heavily armed and asleep
in a canyon cne.mile from the Seven-Mile
House., The -watchman got within twenty
.feet of them*. Two of them had their faces
covered and he could not 'see the face of
the th'ird rr.an, .which was turned away
Jrom him. The- men looked very tired and
the .watchman is positive they are con
victs. A posse of men his Just started
Itrsm," "the . Seven-Mile House. The three
nren. are undoubtedly the convicts who
exchanged. «laots last night with Folsom
prison at the Monte Mine which
¦is cigftt miles Jxom Lotus.
POSSE STARTS
. .FOR MEN SEEN
-•¦' '" bV WATCHMAN
PLACERVILLE,.Aug. 2.— At 3:40 this
afternoon the night watchman at
the Seven-Mile House telephoned
i.e story. The facts that he Obtained are
divulged, but there seems no reason
To deuot that he -is in possession of suf
f^rient data to- enable him, with a picked
force of rnen. ro successfully Eurround
she* .convicts frhb are said to be secreted
in the tVot'Uill regitfn. when be consid
ers the opportunity is at hand. It is thus
;hat he hopes to reap both fame and re
ward. • • •
"it.. is not positively known when tne
•Sheriff will bee^.n his renewal .of the- pur
suit, but in. all likelihood it will be vftthln
-i couple of ¦• days. ' ' :
capital. His departure from the
scene of operations in this season
01 lr». El Dcraflo has occasioned
considerable, comment, and upon a seem-
c ;.^Sly uclfcportar.t circumstance there is
reported to tiangr a story of tremendous
trx>nies.t.
Ti Js declared by persons 6ald to be re
liably* iiforjr.ed that Sheriff Reese has
Josluve knowledge that a majority of the
E\>lsoin. crinlins.ls ha\-e congregated near
rljiljt 2*'-'-l- where- the first battle witb. the
poEses occurred', and that at a reasonable
tlzh'& no' will proceed -to that locality and
entrap them.
;• The Sheriff Is understood to have left
•El "Dorado in order that lie may perfect
pisjis for the rapture oX the murderers.
A, epectacuLar coup appears to have been
.Fcheduled, and- is to occur when the
'poss\£ now. operating in this county have
dissipated their -energies fruitlessly and
•returned to .their homes.
• -:Deep in the "secret of. the programme
fof "a s«:ES:tlor.ai capture or battle at
.PTiCt Hill i? the Sheriff s knowledge of
•the. conduct cf ex-Convict Collins, whose
•fltlrer has u ranch near that place. Col
.ilns Is declared to have been furnishing
¦ food and .precious information to a num
'•b'er cT the runaway criininals.
v Collins has' jna.de hirnself conspicuous
as k guide 'and, friend Qf the posses, but
the' Fincerlty of his statements and the
'general character of his motives have
"iK'eji open to suspicion. None of the nu
'•meroiyp mar.hur.ters have seemed mpre
keen 'in the chaise, none seemingly more
eager to bring the convicts to bay. But
[fit xe are eome*who have observed his ac
. tions ar.d who believe that in this hunt
.he has been luring the posses along false
xpa.iTs and giving the "view halloo" ia
• irulshe's and. canyons and on hilltops that
have never" given- and do- not now give
, ihertcr to the fcgitive criminals.
Jhe information that Collins was open
'to suspicion* was received by some of the
•3?Sct?rV in the chase, but Sheriff Reese
j.A-as the one who most thoroughly probed
¦EgMB^t LACEKVILLE,' Aug. 2.— Sheriff
' H d Sacramento County has
B*B^ temporaf Sly abandoned the pur
• •H « " ra8 <5f .the fugitive Folsom con
iJb2». - ; victs and has returned to the
iteeclal. Dlepatch to •The Call.
Dread Fugitives
V : Reported at
W? FilotHilL,
Action .of Collins
Causes Much
. . • .." Comment.
Sheriff May Trap
.. • .Fugitives in.
. :;;'- o a Day.
PLANS FOR ATTACK NEAR PILOT HILL
Bodies of Victims
.Reach the: . •
X \J W II. .
Wrath of Citizens
Is Not Con- .
cealed. •*
El Dorado County
Mourns for the .
Men. /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVIT.T.K. Aug. 2.— This
morning the bodies .of Ruther
ford and Jones, the two mem-*
bers of the militia company who
were slaughtered yesterday at
the Grand Victory nflne by some
of tho convicts who escaped from Fol
som prison, -were brought Into the* city
by Coroner Winchell. Ho also brought in
tho body of Stringer, who was accident
ally killed by some of the posses at "an
early hour this morning-. ". • *.
A large crowd of people gathered In
front of tho Coroner's office, on the.* main
street, and when the funeral wagon
reached here almost every one In Placer
ville had gathered at the spot. The cof
fins containing the remains of the three
men were tenderly lifted from .the wagons
and conveyed to the undertaking shops.
It was necessary to guard the. doors to,
keep out the crowds who sought to view
the bodies.
Coroner "Winchell announced that after
the bodies had been embalmed and pre-*
pared for burial they could be viewed by
those who desired to do so. All day long
the bodies of the men have been -looked
upon by hundreds of people. Stern and
hearty mountaineers, tender mothers and
daughters and even little children have
flocked in solemn line Into the apartment
of death to gaze upon the faces of the
men so ruthlessly slaughtered by the,
desperadoes from Folsom. All those who
saw the bodies to-day .have demanded
that the murders must be avenged.
AFFECTING SPECTACLE. *
An affecting sight was witnessed" when
a member of the members of the Naftonal
Guard went to the undertaking shop to
view tne remains o.f their comrades.
Some of the members of the * squad had
stood side by side with Rutherford and
Jones when the convicts poured in their
deadly hall of bullets, that ended tire lives
of two brave men.
The companions of Rutherford and
Jones who participated In -the battle at
Grand Victory mine silently stood b«sI8e
the trestle on which the bodies lay. They
gazed at the distorted features of their
dead comrades and their faces blanched
white, while- the muscles o{ their hands
knotted convulsively. Some of the men
were moved to tears, ami on leaving the
undertaking shop declared that they
would never rest until their comrades had
been avenged. ;,
All day long a steady procession has
passed in silent line Into the room. where
the bodies lay. It was not until late to
night that the last person who. desired to
view the remains left the establishment.
Coroner Winchell will hold the
inquest on Monday morning. *
BOYS CONNECT
TOWNS BY WIRE .
DESPITE PERIL
PLACERVTLLE, Aug. 2.— Heroic work
was done. last night by "Wesley Stone and
Ernest Varroza, who • connected the
Grand Victory mine by telephone with
Placervllle. The wires had- been aban
doned four years ago and the lads worked
for two hours getting the wire repaired
and putting the Instruments into placet
They went through dense -brush and
climbed poles In the darkness, and their,
work was fraught with danger as was
shown by the death of Philip Springer
at the hands of a member of the posses.
The telephone connection was *of tho
greatest service to the Sheriff and the
posses and the two boys who. did • yeo
man work are deserving of the greatest
credit. v\ - W' . • .
vermiform: appendix
FUXZi OF CHERRY PITS
Surgeons Find Peculiar Condition of
Affairs in a Patients .In-
terior.
NEW "YORK. Aug. 2.— That appendicitis
is not developed by seeds and .pits lodging
In th© vermiform appendix was demon
strated In St. Catherine's # Hospital.
Brooklyn, on Saturday by Dr. Mathiaa^
Figuera. Ho operated upon a patient for
cancer and found in exploring the abdomi
nal cavity that the patient's vermiform
appendix was filled with chexr? pits. The
appendix was in a perfectly healthy state.
The surgeon was surprised to sea a
pouch alongside of the intestines.
"This looks like a. chicken's crop," said
Dr. Figuera. taking hold of the pouch
and squeezing It.
He found, besides the pits, cancerous
tlssu© at the Junction <Jf the small and
large intestines. Not only was the ap
pendix filled with cherry pits, but also th#
Intestines. There were nearly 100 cherry
pits in all. Dr. Figuera removed the
cancerous growth, the appendix and two
fee* of intestines. The patient rallied
quickly and is now out of danger.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 2. — Alfred and Jo« Hoff
man and VlrsrH Parker, runaway boys, w«r«
picked up by Chief Carroll to-day and returned
to their Oakland homes, which, they left last
Thursday.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 2.— The Her
ald says: The officers of the Louisville
Tobacco Warehouse Company are at
work on a gigantic scheme which In
volves the buying of every warehouse
in Cincinnati and the purchase of every
pound of tobacco raised in Indiana,
Ohio and Kentucky before it is grown.
In fact, the scheme means the absolute
purchase of every pound of tobacco
raised In Kentucky, Indiana and Oh\p
and Incidentally a war on the Continen
tal Tobacco Company. .
Will Fight the Tobacco Trust.
DENVER, Aug. 2.— The fourteen mem
bers of the Idaho Springs Miners' Union
who were conjpelled to leave that place
by citizens who formed themselves into
a committee for that purpose the day
after the blowing up with dynamite of the
buildings of the Sun and Moon mine to
day addressed a letter to the Sheriff of
Clear Creek County, in which Idaho
Springs Is located, informing him that
they wished to return to their homes and
requesting his protection.
This is in line with the advice given
them by Governor Peabody at the time
the miners asked him to order out troops
to assist them in returning to Idaho
Springs. Governor Peabody told the min
ers to first make application for protec
tion to the civil authorities and, falling in
this, he would then consider their request.
An answer from the Sheriff is expected by
to-morrow. . ,
Men Driven Out of Idaho Springs
Seek to Beturn to Their
Homes.
UNION MINERS BEQUEST
shebht's protection
ST. PETERSBURG, via Frontier, Aug.
2.— There are reports that there were fresh
collisions between the troops and'strikers
on the Trans-Caucasian Railway near
Tlflis last Thursday. The troops were
ordered to fire on the rioters, who were
using revolvers, with the result that
twenty-one workmen were killed.
The removal of a rail by the strikers
wrecked a Trans-Caucasian , train. Twelvo
carriages were smashed and two persons
killed. It is asserted here that the Arme
nians are Inciting the strikers.
TRIESTE. Austria. Aug. 2.— II Piccolo
prints reports of serious insubordination
among the police of Kishenev since the
recent massacres. A policeman named
Boshanoff attacked the head of the police
force wltn a saber because the latter re
proved him for neglect of duty.
Troops and Workmen
Clash on Trans-Cau
casian Railway.
SOLDIERS KILL
MANY STRIKERS
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Leelanaw,
for San Francloco.
• FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA, B C— Arrived Aug 2—Btmr'Ta
coma, from Hongkong.
DOMESTIC PORT.
Sunday, August 2.
Stmr Curacao, Paulaen. 14 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada 65.houra. .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
HONOLULU, Aug. 2.— The Japanese
Theater in this city was destroyed early
this morning by a fire,, which, it is pre
sumed, was of incendiary origin. The the
ater had not been occupied of late.
Fire Destroys Honolulu Theater.
Open Stake: First round— Presidio Boy beat
Vina, 7-2; Full Moon beat Flying Pasha, 5-0;
Real Article a bye. Cook's "Water withdrawn;
Doreen beat America, 12-3; Concord Boy beat
Manhattan King. 10-7; Ruby Sankey beat Bal
endlne, 8-2; Rubber Ankles beat Mel rose, 6-1;
Sempronius beat Fancy Free, 10-1; Rector beat
Wedgewood, 6-4; Otto beat Idaho Boy, '10-4;
Tyrone Prince beat Eagle, 3-2; Reckless Acro
bat beat Frisky Barbara, 5-2; Pepper H1U beat
Viking, 7-3; Belfast beat Los Angeles. 5-0; Fair
Oaks a bye, Braw'» Hill withdrawn; Modest
Beauty beat Cremo, 6-1 ; Clarice beat Sylvan,
10-7; Silver Heels beat Rural Artist, - 10-4;
Falsa Alarm beat Ben Porter, 6-3; Gambit beat
Queen'* Motto. 6-0; Roman Athlete beat Jack
Short, 4-1; Mickey Free beat Firm Fellow, 4-0;
She defeated In turn before the final
yesterday Rural Artist, Clarice, Gambit,
Lord Brazen and Full Moon. The latter
was a 1 to 2 choice In the betting. '
The hare made good Its escape In the
deciding course. It ran clear across the
field before the fast hounds secured a
turn out of It, proving a splendjg test of
the 'two greyhounds.
The most decided upset of the day was
the defeat of Rector, the 1 to 7 choice, by
Pepper Hill. The latter outworked the
Curtis crack. Fifteen favorites in all
were bowled over, vhe results in detail
with Judge John Grace's official scores
follow: ¦'¦'¦ ,\\~?r.;\\X'"
Silver Heels and Till!© R., a brace* of
greyhounds from the kennel of W. T.
Raught of Sacramento, which divided the
open Btake at Union Coursing Park two
weeks ago, repeated the performances yes
terday. The deciding course was run off
In both Instances and Silver Heels proved
victorious.
W. T. Haught's Silver Heels and Til
lie B Repeat Sensational Per
formance of Two Weeks Ago.
SACRAMENTO HOUNDS
DIVIDE STAKE HONORS
Ragged Actor beat Ploujchman, 8-0; Lord Bra
zen beat Cascade, 15-10; Reno beat Eastlake,
4-0; Red Rock beat My Bonnie King, 13-4; Til
lie R. beat Fair Tralee, 3-1; Flaunt beat Krish
na, 10-0; Barge beat Tralee Boy, 8-2; Liberator
beat Flying Fox, 10-4; Bonnie Fasha beat Rene
gade Apache. 7-5; Master Rocket beat Game
Boy, S-0.
Second round — Full Moon beat Presidio Boy,
3-0; Real Article beat Doreen, 5-0; Concord Boyj
beat Ruby Sankey, 4-3; Rubber Ankles beat
Sempronlus, 4-2; Rector beat Otto, 8-2; Reck
less Acrobat beat Belfast, 10-5; Modest Beauty
beat Fair Oaks, 0-4: Silver Heela beat Clarice,
8-0; Gambit beat False Alarm, 4-0; Mickey
Free beat Roman Athlete, 4-2; Lord Brazen
beat Raffged Actor. 4-0; Red Rock beat Reno,
22-18; TUlle R beat Flaunt. 5-0; Barge beat
Liberator. 5-0; Bonnie Pasha beat Master
Rocket. 4-2. %
Third round— Full Moon beat Real Article,
10-5; Rubber Ankles beat Concord Boy, 22-5;
Rector a bye, Recklesp Acrobat withdrawn;
Pepper Hill beat Modest Beauty, 6-0; Silver
Heels beat Gambit, 4-0; Lord Brazen beat
Mickey Free. 10-6; Tlllle R a bye. Red Rock
withdrawn; Barge beat Bonnie Pasha. 6-5.
Fourth round — Full Moon beat Rubber Ankles,
6-0; Pepper Hill beat Rector, 10-6; Silver Heels
beat Lord Brazen. 4-2; Tlllle R beat Barge. 4-0.
Fifth round— Stiver Heels beat Full Moon,
5-3: Tillle R beat Pepper Hill. l2-4 :
Deciding: course— Silver Heels beat Tlllle R,
5-0.
OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE POSSES WHO HAVE BEEN CONSPICUOUS IN THE HUNT FOR THE
CONVICTS WHO ESCAPED FROM THE PENITENTIARY AT FOLSOM, TWO OF THE MEN KILLED IN BAT
TLE ANJ} OTHERS ENGAGED IN THE PURSUIT.
' ¦ - . ¦ ' ? ¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXE, MONDAY, AUGUST 3. 1903;
3
( _¦ ADVEBTlSEMENTa. . .
' Midsummer
..Clearance Sale.,
Large Discount "on Everything;
S. & G. Gump Co.
no ucaijr^kjuccu
. V* '• STEW. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
; . : THE BEAl TEST
• .Qt Is la Giving It a Thor-
" .. •; tm&h. Trial*
'.I. . 'twere 1 is oriiy one test by which to Judge
y'-t-l she efficiency of any article, and that
• is By its ability* to do that which it is In-
' tended to do. JIany hair vigors may look
mice and smell nice, but the point is — Do
, ' they eradicate dandruff and stop falling
'• jiair?. . *
• No' they'do not, but Herpidde does, be-
• caul* it sorts to the root of the .evil and
.kills tKe gcrrn that attacks the papilla
'• .fjom whence the hair gets its life.
• Letters from prominent people every.
• .where arQ- daily proving that Newbro'a
"HoryicTae stands the "test of use."
¦/ It is a delightful dresflng, clear, pure
and free frpm oil or grease.
;. Said* by leading drugpists. Send 10c in
*V*mpi« f°r partTple to The Herplclde Co.,
Ttetroit, Mich. '
CASTOR I A
For -Infants and Children.
. T6e Kind- Yoii Have Always Bought
: "Bears the SI? yT», T*
-. Signature of C^ck^/jf/^^/U^S
• * • ¦-•''-'
r Every good-enough grocer
keeps Schilling's Best
tea bikfcij-powder tpicf
ccfie* flarorinc extract* soda
and moneybacks 'em. Costs
him nothing; it isn't his money.
Costs nobody anything.NEW- EXPRESS TARIFF
IN TEXAS
LONDON. Aug. 2.— The stock market
has just passed through an uncomfortable
week, but With less trouble than was an T
ticipated. The failures were less numer
ous than were expected. Liquidations,
however, have been heavy and persistent,
while the low prices to which securities
reacted failed to tempt investors to any
considerable extent. The foreign market
is the only one, not sharing that general
depression. Russian, Japanese, Chinese,
Spanish, Turkish, Bulgarian and Argen
tines all showed advances. South African
securities were again depressed on the un
satisfactory- outlook of the'labor question.
The position of the American market,
which mainly follows the movement of
Wall street, is considered still too uncer
tain to induce healthy speculation.
FAILURES IN ENGLAND .
\ FEWER THAN EXPECTED
London Stock Market Emerges From
Uncomfortable Week in Fairly
Good Shape.
To the poet Falbe the German Govern
ment has juet granted a pension of $750 a
year, a tribute never before paid to poetry
In Germany.
Rev. Dr. G, M. Vanderlip Bead
•.NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Rev. Dr. George
Mairs Vanderlip, through whose instru
mentality the Young Men's Christian As
sociation was established in America, one
o£ the founders of the Metropolitan Muse
um of Art and for a long time representa
tive of the American Baptist Publication
Society, is dead at his home in Brooklyn,
ared-71 years.
But the troops made only a significant,
thin, blue line, compared with the 'vast
multitude around them. By 6 o'clock It
was estimated that 60,000 persons occupied
the vast ampitheater.' From the steps of
the basilica, which were black with those
standing or sitting, across to the- outside
of the square there stretched as : far as
.the eye could reach an undulating sea of
This culminated to-night in the appear
ance of a great crowd, which packed the
square of St. Peter's and presented a spec
tacle seldom seen even at the site of so
many historic ceremonies. Tho impene
trable seclusion which shrouds those en
gaged in determining who shall be at the
head of the Cathoilc church heightens
the feverish curiosity of those who await
ed their decision. Princes, Princesses,
Archbishops, Bishops, monsignors, priests,
well-to-do business men— in short, persons
from every walk of life, from that of no
bleman to street beggar, talked c.f nothing
but Ia fumanata (the signal smoke).. Both
this morning and thia evening this was
the lodestone which drew thousands to
the square of St Peter's. There, for four
hours, with strained eyes and craned
necks, they waited for a tiny little stream
of smoke, so insignificant that it was al
most impossible to realize that a great
issue was involved in its fleeting appear
ance. \
FIFTY THOUSAND WATCHERS.
The scene at St. Peter's to-night was by
far the most impressive that has occurred
in Rome since the late Pope became ill.
After the fruitless morning ballot a belief
spread that a new Pontiff, would surely be
elected this evening. All roads during the
afternoon, therefore, led to the Vatican.
The regular Sunday leisure was forgotten
in the anxiety to see the new Holy See.
The streets converging into St. Peter's
plaza were black with the thousands who
entered the square with the ceaseless
regularity of an incoming tide. From the
barracks came large reinforcements of
troops, which marched across the piazza
and lined up at the foot of the steps of
the basilica, leaving only a small space
between the companies. In order to pre
vent a sudden rush to get Inside St. Pe
ter's to witness the new Pope give his
blessing to the Catholic world. •
A strong force of cavalry waa picketed
near by, to be called in . case of a riot
and more than 2000 soldiers were posted
In the square.
a vast multitude gathered
around St.. Peter's learned that the second
day of the conclave had been fruitless.
The conclusion is drawn that the strength
of the leading candidate remains qnbroken
and that no compromise candidate has yet
appeared. And there-is no indication of
how long thia condition of affairs will con
tinue. The prolongation of the contest
has aroused tremendous public Interest,
if, indeed, it cannot be called excitement.
Every trace of that apathy which followed
the death of the late Pope has vanished,
and instead there now exists a burning in
terest In everything pertaining to the elec
tion of hia successor.
ROME, Aug. 2.— No successor to
Pope Leo XIII haa yet been
chosen. From the smoke which
issued from the little chimney
on the Slstine Chapel to-night.
The mute signal, showing that the morn
ing ballot had been fruitless, was seen at
11:20 o'clock by many thousands, also, but
the watchers in the morning, owing to the
Intense heat of the • sun, were compelled
to shelter themselves, behind the colon-
Then silence fell like a spell while the
thousands watched a tiny stream of light
gray smoke curl lazily downward from
the thin smokestack of the Sistine Chapel.
With no wind to carry it away, the smoke
hung heavily in the hot air and then
gradually disappeared.
For a moment the crowd believed that
the signal meant an election, for there is
a tradition that the Cardinals are allowed
to send uo a little smoke as a notification
of an election and much smoke In the case
of a disagreement. Any such hopes, how
ever, were almost Immediately dissipated
when a cloud of very thick smoke
emerged and continued for five minutes.
With many ejaculations of «iisappoint
ment the populace watched tho last trace
of. the ballots disappear and then dis
persed, although it was a long time before
the square of the basilica resumed Its
normal, quiet appearance. To-day's fail
ure to achieve an election .was a great dig
appointment-to Rome, and it Is doubtful
whether euch an immense crowd . will
again assemble unless the conclave should
continue until another Sunday. .
FUTILE MORNING BALLOT.
Suddenly, exactly at 6:40 o'clock, a sharp
cry arose— "Eco." Instantly the cry was
taken up by 50,000 throats and grew and
grew until the Immense piazza fairly
roared with "Eco," "Eco," "La fuma
nata!"
SMOKE SIGNAL APPEARS.
The rays of the sun, glancing from the
dome of St. Peter's, illumined the house
tops at the east end of the square, and
these also were crowded by anxious
watchers. Among the vast throng were
many German students, whose scarlet
clothing formed vivid patches of color.
When the hour of -6 struck a tremor of
expectancy ran through the multitude be
cause, according to yesterday's pro
gramme, the burning of the ballots or
the announcement of an election would
come within a few minutes. When the
quarter hour sounded the nervousness in
creased, and a large number of officials
of the Vatican, not engaged in the con
clave, emerged- to watch the concourse.
As the hands of the clock-on St .Peter's
approached the half-hour a rumor that a
selection had been made developed in the
minds of many into a certainty, and each
one momentarily expected some favored
Cardinal to be announced as the new
Pontiff. The crowd might almost have
been one in some American city awaiting
the result of a Presidential election, but
with this striking difference, that no soli
tary sign had come as to how the votes
had been going at the polls.
As the time p&ssed the anxiety grew
more intense. Not a breath of air re
lieved the sultry heat of the evening, and
scarcely a Bound came from the vast mul?
titude. Hundreds gathered below the
window from which the new Pontiff is to
bestow his first blessing.
Almost encircling this great audience
arore the stately pillars of the colonnade,
beneath which many rested and waited.
ANXIETY GROWS INTENSE.
humanity, with every face riveted upon
the Slstine Chapel, waiting for the smoke
of the ballots.
PARIS, Aug. 2.— A congress organized
in the Department of Glronde to promote
Anglo-French commercial approchement,
to-day resolved in favor of the creation
of a free port at Bordeaux and advocated
negotiations with England and the United
States and Russia for commercial trea
ties covering long periods. The basis of
the movement is the promotion ' of the
wine trade.
To Hake Bordeaux a Free Port.
.Several attempts to establish communi
cation with the conclave have been dis
covered In time. ' , " . ; . •
The number of telegrams 'for Cardinals
Herrero y Espinosa and Langineux, who
are ill, was so great that they made a
large package. The Spanish students,
who are anxious about Cardinal Herrero,
asked Dr. Lapponl through the wicket
how he was and the doctor replied that
he was a little better, but still confined
to his bed, and that the condition of Car
dinal Cretonl was unchanged. That'Car
dlnal is now filled with doubts as to
whether he should give a vote, being
afflicted with a sort of mania, due to his
Illness; that he is unworthy to Interpret
the divine will by casting his vote for
any one.
Cardinal Gotti, as far as known, is the
only one of the Cardinals who haa not
made some complaint about his cell. Be
ing a monk, he would consider demands
for comfort against his ideas of auster
ity. To a member of the Noble Guard,
who wished him success, Cardinal Gotti
replied:
"Thank you, but I shall not be made
Pope." >
Prince Chlgl, the marshal of the con
clave, is rather disconcerted because he
has no electrical contrivance by which he
can be notified from within the conclave
the moment the new Pope is elected. He
communicated with Monsignor del Val
on the subject and the latter Informed
him that measures would be taken to no
tify the marshal instantly when a decis
ion was reached.
Letters and telegrams for the Cardinals
were sent Into the Camerlingo, who does
as he deems best about delivering them.
Some of the Catholic newspapers also
were sent in, but no non-clerical papers.
CARDINAL HERRERO'S ILLNESS.
nade. , During the day the Austrian and
French Embassadors called at the Vati
can and were received by Prince Chigi,
marshal of the conclave. Cardinals Cre
toni and Vaszary continue to receive their
meals from the outside. The other can
didates who are indisposed are reported to
be slightly better.
There are thousands of rumors and un
verified statements afloat as to what oc
curred in the conclave to-day, but the only
facts which seem to be reliably known are
that the entire Sacred College assisted at
mass, which was conducted by Father^
Palmier!, , their confessor, and that the
"Veni Creator" was sung.
A great quantity of provisions was sent
In to the conclave to-day through the
wicker gate. Including 300 chickens. 500
newly laid eggs, many litres of milk,
crates of fruit, etc. All of the provisions
were thoroughly examined before being
allowed to pass through the gate. Forty
of the chickens were already cut open to
see that they did not contain contraband
matter.
Secretary Anthony Slattre Reports an
Increase in State Organizations
From Four to Nine.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Aug. 2.— At
to-dsCy's session of the American Feder
ation of Catholic Societies, Secretary An
thony Mattre reported an increase during
•the past year in State federations from
" four'to nine,"«nd that there are at pres
ent 266 county federations in forty States.
. Twenty-five members of the hierarchy,
three Cardinals, including the two apos
toHc .delegates and 53 archbishops and
bishops have decided in favor of the fed
eration.
¦Father Cantwell of Long Branch, who
presided, said the federation would prove a
great, bulwark afainst the rising tide of
"Infidelity. One cause of infidelity was the
factVhat part of the people preferred nov
*elty "and sentimentality to religion and
morality and that the great beginning of
infidelity was made with the so-called re
formation: that. some preferred to discard
some doctrine and others another, doctrine
until finally none of them believed any
thing. Divorce was another great- cause
•and it was strange that while the courts
held -that a contract of dollars and cents
could not be broken, they easily broke the
highest •contract, that of marriage— the
very foundation of society.
FEDERATION OF CATHOLIC
SOCIETIES SHOWS GAIN
Before leaving Queenstown the King
summoned Horace Plunkett, vice presi
dent of the Department of Agriculture
and Technical Instruction for Ireland,
aboard the royal yacht and compli
mented him on his work in Ireland's be
half, conferring the honor, of knighthood
and presented him with a knight com
mandershlp of the Victorian Order.
The King will have a busy week. En
tertainments, either aboard the royal
yacht or ashore, have been planned for
each day. '
LONDON, Aug. 3.— In replying to an
address presented to the King and Queen
at Queenstown on Saturday, the King
said- that the Queen and himself "looked
forward to renewing In future years the
happy experience of the present visit."
This promise of another visit to Ire
land ha» given the greatest satisfaction
throughout the country and the morning
papers here all pay tributes to the ines
timable service which the King has ren
dered the realm by his tactful conduct.
The visit is commented on as a great
success, which will open up a new era
of prosperity for Ireland, and the ad
dress Issued by the King at Cowes yes
terday ia welcomed as a felicltious end
ing of a memorable journey. Even the
Irish papers are enthusiastic in declaring
if only the King will pay a yearly visit
or send the Prince of Wales if he can
not come himself. Ireland's troubles will
soon begin to disappear.
It is my earnest hope and prayer that these
and other means of national well-being may
multiply from year to year in Ireland, and
that the blessings of peace, contentment and
prosperity may be abundantly vouchsafed to
her. EDWARD, R. and I. August 1.
Copies of the address will be posted
throughout Ireland to-morrow.
The King and Queen received a great
reception on their arrival here. They re
mained aboard the royal yacht, where
they were visited this evening by the
Prince of Wales. Cowes is already very
gay with people who have come for the
week of yachting. Among those here are
many prominent Americans. The Ameri
can yachts include Mrs. Goelet's Kamaha
and the Margerita, under charter of
James H. Smith. King Edward's Britan
nia and Emperor William's Meteor, which
are to race during the regatta, are both
here.
COWES, Isle of Wight, Augr. 2.— The
royal yacht Victoria and Albert reached
here this evening and King Edward im
mediately ordered the Issuing' of the fol
lowing address:
To My Irish People : I desire on leavlngr Ire
land to express to my Irish people how deeply
I have been touched by the kindness and good
will they have shown to the Queen and my
self. Our experience on previous visits had.
Indeed, prepared us for a traditional welcome
of a waim-hearted race, but our expectations
have been exceeded. "Wherever we have gone.
In town or country, tokens of loyalty and affec
tion proffered by every section of the commu
nity have made an enduring impression on our
hearts. For a country so attractive and a peo
ple so rifted we cherish the warmest regard,
and it is. therefore, with supreme satisfaction
that I have so often during our stay heard the
hope exsressed that a brighter day is dawn
ing upon Ireland.
I shall eagerly await the fulfillment of this
hope. Its realization will, under divine Provi
dence, depend largely upon- the steady devel
opment of self-reliance and co-operation; upon
better and more practical education: upon the
growth of industrial and commercial enter
prises, and upon that Increase of mutual tol
eration and respect which the responsibility
my Irish people now enjoy in public adminis
tration of their local affairs is well fitted to
teach.
King Expresses Warm
Regard for Irish
People.
The other will, dated May 12. 1900,. will
be probated to-morrow. Dora Brook re
tained J. M. Norwood, to whom she told
that she had an unopened envelope that
General Clay gave her, with the admoni
tion that it was to be kept until after hia
death... It turned out to be the last will.
Sections five, six, seven and eight give
to Dora Brcok $10,00) in bonds, and various
fums to James .Bowlin and other em
ployes.
Section 0 — Of the works of art in my house,
the portraits of the Emperor and Empress of
Russia, given to me by their Majesties, with
their autographs and feal*. and the likeness
(painting) of my son. Waifield Clay, shall re
main, and such other things not then disposed
of, shall remain there forever. The bust of
this legator. in marble., on a verde antique
marble stand, wherever found, by the great
pculptor Joel Todd Hart, chall be placed in
the Corcoran Gallery at Washington. D. C,
or such other gallery a»-the executors elect.
Section 10 — My manuscripts, five volumes or
more of my memoirs, and the material for
•Icarus" written hy this legator, shall be
given to the Association of American Authors
in New Yprk — 01 which I am an honorary
number— for publication, and copyrighted, one
half of the proceeds to go to my former wife,
Dora, and the other half to the society for
ever — in the event of her death before pub
lication of said book, "Icarus" — to the chil
dren of eald Dora Cassius Marcellus C. Brock,
forever.
Fourth— My coal mines in Clay County. Ky..
bought of Ell Uowlin, near Manchester, about
three hundred acres more or less, shall be
formed into a company and worked for the
use and benefit of the funds and needs of the
Whitehall 1'arfc, and to pay all legacies and
debts here enjoined. The 300 acres of my Bon,
Green Clay, deceased, where my late divorced
wife, Mary Jane W. Clay, lived, in Madison
County. Ky.. shall be sold and the proceeds
go into the Whitehall Park reserVe fund. All
other lands Fhall be sold f«r the same fund
or given to the legatees as ordered herein.
Section 3— The Whitehall lands and fixtures
of .VA} acres shall remain, including hou«e
trees, etc.. forever the same intact, the finest
natural park en earth. It shall be in fe« sim
ple the property of the United States of Amer
ica, in trust for the inhabitant of this
•?arth. It shall be bo long under the care of
n)>- executors an may be deemed best by the
Federal Government, and then be under their
direction in supporting the purposes of this
Iterator.
LEXIXGTOX, Ky., Aug. 2. -The Herald
to-morrow will say: Another will of Gen
eral Cassius M. Clay, executed March 28,
VM1, a year after the one to be offered for
probate to-morrow in Richmond, has been
produced by Dora Clay Brook, the former
child-wife of General Clay. The instru
ment is in General Clays handwriting and
sealed on the back with his private seal
ring in green wax, and is as follows:
Sections one and two appoint Dora
Brook, his fojmer wife, and two others
selected by her, as executors, and gives
them one-half the proceeds of certain
sales.
Leaves Bulk of Property
to the Federal Gov
ernment.
The last census gave the value of poul
try raised in the United States during the
year 1839 as J126.S31.877: of eggs produced
In the same year, $144,286,153.
GENERAL CLAY'S
PECULIAR WILL
SOMERSET. Ky., Aug. 2.— Through a
misunderstanding of orders two Qtleen.
and Crescent freight trains, both double
headers, collided head-on, last midnight
between ¦ Cumberland Falls and Green
wood, killing six men. fatally Injuring-one
and seriously hurting another.
The bodies of Firemen Joseph Phillips,
Frank Fletcher and Walter Walters and
a tramp were recovered. The bodies of
two brakemen are buried under the de
bris where forty cars are wrecked. One of
the engines was wrecked and the others
were damaged. Engineers Duke and Fitz
gerald were severely injured. Duke may
die. Engineers Klein and Halnsworth
Jumped.
SIX ZHLED IN BAILBOAD
WBECE HI KENTUCKY
Double-Headed Freight Trains Col
lide Head-On Between Cumber
. land Palls and Greenwood.
but the dense smoke that surrounds the
mountain makes it Impossible to deter
mine exactly what has occurred.
' The outbreak has been accompanied by
loud detonations. Information from tho
surrounding districts Is to the effect that
rumblings and underground shocks have
been felt during the last twenty-four
hours. No reports of serious damage have
been received, but the people in the near
by villages are greatly alarmed and many
have left for other districts. . "-•
MEXICO CITY, Aug. 2.-A dispatch
from Collma states that the Collma vol
cano is In eruption. Great clouds of
smoke' are issuing from the volcano and
are beins carried to the northeast by a
strong wind from the sea. It is believed
that another outflow of lava has occurred.
The- Minister of Marine will set on foot
an investigation of L< baudy'3 Sahara em
pire expedition.
' * Lebaudy claimed th^ right to dismiss
them! but the Consul forced him to repa
triate the fifteen men at h'.s exper.se.
. They landed at Marseilles at the end of
June and were sent on to Havre by the
Administration of Inscriptions Maritime.
The five sailors abandoned on the coast
' of Morocco, about ninety miles from Las
Palmas. were Picard, boatswain: Bordiec,
. Pegon. Cambrin and Gueger. ship's cook.
On. June* 19 the Frasquita left Las Pal
" xnas. She was flying- at her masthead a
triaitgiHar blue flag, with three gold balls.
"When fhe reached the coast of Morocco
'Lebaudy sent five men ashore in a boat.
They toot with them eight days' rations,
tents, arms and ammunition. Their or
• * dcrs were to pitch tent at the point where
they landed, where I>-baudy proposed to
* e.reet tie capital of his Empire of the Sa
. *hara. .
*A second detachment. Including five
jnen : engaged at Havre, was sent the fol
" : Lowing day to relieve them, but they re
turned on beard, as they did not dare to
venture inland.
>.»"" In the middle of r.ight Lebaudy flew
into a, terrible passion on their return.
. He threatened to maroon on a desert
* is!Und any man who should refuse to obey
him. The sailors, however, replied that
they* would not go ashore unless he Went
' ' "wrth" them.
The Frasquita thereupon returned to
Los Palmas, where the five men found
th£lr ten companions, who had been left
there. In the meantime the latter had
discovered that their papers had not been
vized by the Administration of Inscription
* MarKime at Havre. This seemed to them
. "very sdspieious and when out of the ten
comrades who had left only five had re
* turned with the curious tale they had to
tell they went to the French Consul of
• Las Palmas and asked to be repatriated
at once.
* • I*AJEtIS, Auk. 2.*-A telegram from Havre
giyew iurth,cr particulars of the extraor
• dinary .expedition of Jacques I>ebaudy,
••'who h£$ assumed trio title of "'Emperor of
'.the Sahara." In jho second week of May
s yacht ajrent of Havre, acting for Le
• bau^y, engaged twenty seamen to Term
"•{he crew of the yacht Frasquita. then at
* Las Palmae, whither they were to go to
Join her. On May 2u the twenty men left
•Havre on the steamer Pampa and they
arrived at. L,as_ Palmas on June 1. On ar
* riving there the men proceeded at once
on board the Frasquita.
Special Cable to "The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. l'.WVT, by the New York
.. 'UeraJd Publishing Comjiany.
Loud Detonations and TJndergroxmd
Shock9 Cause Besidenta "la .
Vicinity of Volcano ,-•"
to Flee. ' '•-..¦
. Jiis.-Men Mutiny and He Abandons
Tive of Them to Their Fate
••"*•' on the Coast of
" • " Morocco.
.Extraordinary Venture of the
Frenchman in Northern
'. * o • Africa. '
HOSPITABLE ERIN
DELIGHTS EDWARD
A dispatch from St. Louis says that
"William P. Osborn has employed an at
torney to sue for the treasure, as he
claims he is riffhtful heir to it. The
treasure is said to be worth $25,000. ¦
Hasllp was enthusiastic after his second
trip and told the newspapers that he
would have a sensation for .them when he
returned from the Island again. But on
his third return he arrived in the night
and too«. the train for Philadelphia. He
engaged a hack at the wharf and drove
rapidly to the station. with his son. The
hackman who transferred them says the
two men had with them a ( small trunk
that was so heavy that it took both of
them to lift it and two canvas bags that
would apparently hold about eight quarts
each. He did not know the men, had
never heard of treasure hunters and hence
did not suspect anything. At the .station
It was learned that the man had checked
the small trunk to Philadelphia as ordi
nary baggage, that the trunk was heavy
and that the man had. explained tho
weight by saying that it contained scien
tific apparatus. Persons who have visited
"Warsaw recently report mysterious ac
tions of two strangers. Marks of digging
have been found.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Aug. 2.— Has the
treasure of the Starke family of Virginia,
known tn have been buried on Warsaw
Island, thirty miles from this city, in
1863, been discovered? There is certain
circumstantial evidence to hand which
indicates that the treasure trove has been
found and taken by J. H. 1 Hasllp, a Phila
delphia Junk dealer. Hasllp was much in
evidence here two weeks ago, accompan
ied by his son. He talked freely and gave
the newspapers some good stories of sea
chases, buried gold and the like. So talk
ative was he that the reporters made
light of his narratives, which he said ho
had from an old Confederate blockade
runner, whom he had befriended and who
on his deathbed confided to him the secret
of wealth hidden in the sands of "Warsaw.
Haslip came provided with canvas bags
and steamer trunks in which to trans
port the recovered gold and plate. He
made three trips to Warsaw Island. On
the first two trips he declared that he
had verified certain landmarks shown in
an old parchment drawing alleged to have
been made in the Libby prison, where the
old Confederate was a guard after having:
left the navy.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It Is Believed That Another
- Outflow of Lava Has
Occurred.
One thing only will be exacted by the United
Ptate*: It will insist that after ratification
the Governir.ent of Colombia live up to. the
terms of the treaty to the letter. The United
States will expect to enforce every provision
of the treaty.
Dr. Herran. the Colombia charge, is said
to have been auspicious of Senor velez's In
tentions, and also to have made a full report
to his Government concerning the visit. At
the same time I>r. Herran furnished Senor
Velez with all the information in his power
and Introduced him at the State Department.
Bettor. Velez, It Is said, left Washington feel
ing confident that the I'nlted States would
pay the money to the accredited representa
tives of the Colombian Government and no
strings of any kind would be attached to the
payment, nor would the United States Interest
Itself in the uses to which the money would
be j>ut.
It is declared In the same information that
the uuriose of Senor Velez's visit was to as
certain whether the money would be paid in
such manner that It could be controlled by
the clique In power, and. further, that Velel
will "leave the fence" and join the "clique."
AcoorJinn to the Informant the opposition
to the ratification of the treaty has been
mere fllibusterine to delay action until Velez
could arrive in Bogota and make his report.
It, was feared by the party in power that the
United State* would have a string to the bonus
and be able to prevent the money being put
to a. use that would be of benefit to the
Government of Colombia.
.¦ttr.ii concession across the Isthmus of Pan
ama, will arrive in IJogrota within a week and
that the Colombian Congress will at once rat
ify tbc treaty.
. It wae learned to-day on what appears to be
reliable authority that Senor Pedro Velez,
who recently spent a week In this country, in
vestigating the manner in which the United
States will pay Its JIO.OOO.OGO bonus for the
CALL BUREAU, l?06 G STREET, N.
W.i WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.-Edward
Lauterbach of New York, in speaking of
the isthmian canal situation to-day, ex
pressed his belief that the treaty would
be ratified' by Colombia and that work
on the canal would be begun within two
years. An article In * the Washington
Times to-night, discussing: the recent visit
to the United States of Senor Pedro Velez,
savs:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Hidden During the Civil War,
Find Is Now Valued at
$25,000.
* Jacques Lebaudy Sets
Up a Government
of His Own.
Clouds of Smoke Are
Issuing From the
Crater.
Work on the Canal Will Prob
ably Begin Within
Two Years.
Central American Con
gress Now Said to Be
Ready to Act.
Junk Man Said to Have
Unearthed Wealth
on an Island.
COLOMBIA WILL
RATIFY TREATY
EMPEROR
OF SAHARA
HIS TITLE
MT. COLIMA
IN VOLENT
ERUPTION
FINDS TREASURE
BURIED IN 1863
Fifty Thousand Persons Gather on the Square of St. Peter's in
Rome to Watch for the Ascending Spiral of Smoke That An
nounces failure to Elect the Successor of the Late Pope Leo
TWO MORE FUTILE BALLOTS
IN CONCLAVE OF CARDINALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
burning the ballots in the conclave hall after a fruitless vote. the smoke ascending
from these ballots gives notice to the waiting thousands without the vatican that
"a pope has not yet been elected. •
A German mathematician estimates
that the average man who lives to be 70
years old consumes $10,000 worth of food
In his life.
TOLEDO. O., Aug. 2.— Theodore Roose
velt Spyscalkl, the remaining boy of the
quadruplet born to Mr. and Mrs. Stanis
laus Spyscalki, died to-day of cholera ln
fantum. The other boy. Samu*>i Jones
died last Tuesday. The two girls are also
111, but probably will recover.
Second of Ohio's Quadruplets Dies.
AUSTIN. Tex., Aug, 2.— The Railroad
Commissioners' new tariff of express rates
which was promulgated last' evening
means the reduction of about 15 per cent
In the existing rates. In operation In Tex
as. The new tariff will cause a heavy
decrease In the gross receipts of "Wells-
Fargo, the Pacific and the American,
which operate In Texas. The Railroad
Commission also Issued an order requir
ing all express companies operating on
lines of railroad in this State to maintain
general offices In Texas.
4
• ; .DO AITS KIDNEY PILLS.
/HARD: T0_C01aT
The' Evidence of Oar Senses— What
•San Francisco Peopls Say Ia
* Pretty Good Proof for Pan
"~ • Francisco People.
When we see it^urselvcs.
When our own ear's hear it.
When our neighbors tell It/
•Our friends indorse it,
N'o befter evidence can be had.
It's what peoj-ic *aty in Maine,
. Or Sifcwm muti^rlngs' in California;
Kg aeoeivini? echoes fesr«..
. 6au Franciscw 2*bJ»e talk [ about San
Francisco peop'.e.
Public opinions published for the public
tood. < -; . . ;
There is no proof like home proof.
Bead this statement made by a citizen:
J. Collins, employed in the wholesale
furniture department, of the Emporium,
residence 2306 Mission street, says: "When
a man has. pain in his back every now
and then and the attacks* cover a period
cf over two years— when he knows that In
1botb6 way his kidneys are affected; when
he at last finds a means to at first check
the trouble and then radically dispose of
It. he is only too pleased to let his friends
and acquaintances who may be suffering
Bimilarly know what he employed. I used
Doa*n's Kidney Pills, and from the benefit
3 receded I have not the slightest hesita-
tion in very emphatically indorsing the
remedy."
For Bale by all dealers. Price 60 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y., •sole
agents for the< United States.
Remember th-s name, Boan's, and take
ixo substitute. . j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Tyfold Collar
The picture shows how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. The colkr; comes
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of sight.
Your summer comfort will be increased
if you wear one, and you'll thank us
for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluett Brand, 25c each
Arrow Brand, 15c each
Cluett, Pcabody & Co,
,j*5©V Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
fi(XT&k MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
jBpMLfr.pga have t>«en in uso over fifty
£S^S^\WA years b y the Naders of th«
KM»X!^L(gM Mormon Church and the'.f
JPSfifflKIBM followers. Positively curs th#
KFfllJi'AuJa worst caa«s in old and young
B.1UV {531 arlstng from effects of self-
wySalSS!?* abuse, dissipation, excesses c?
wwScLjMjffl cigarette smoking. Curs I^o^t
TawCeJM Manhood. Inapotency, Lest
Power NlRht Losses, Insocv
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. £&[ f~\ Varlcocen or Con*
stlpation. Stop N'er ~_,J v^ vous TwitcMnj of
Eyelids. Effects are f._. NT «_lmme<l!atei. Impart
vigor and potency** to every function.
Don't s«t despondent, a car* Is at hand R*.
¦tore email, undeveloped orgrans. St!su!at4
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box; a for
$2 60 by mail. A. written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco, CaL GRANT DRUO CO.. 3i '
and 40 Third st. ¦ • ~
_ . -CUTLERtt* ;
EVERVIELADEMRRANTED
*mn"MtlH*£/s'*eJ0!T\W ELSCTRlC BSLTr \ Woo-
l ''jp,l^U&rf«aZ- <lerf-.il R ; -itor»:iTf . Tl»» mcts
/y>^P?S#/C* ia- »*»i*\ HcUntide Elortrtc»J Apr'.lmn*-*
' fSTK— •*«ra»de. Drags do not ear*.
UmHtm **tg*1tnH this Belt does. Call or mh<! tor
Ujj V1\V» •n» 1 *Boo«i«T S0.1." (n*W« to-daf.
t%vn. ' * Pierce Electric Co, J3 West 24th
Street. Xe w York or 206 Post St. , San Francisco, CaL
(» E NTS** • J
?TARKET ST. SF^&S^
Weak.Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMXANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: Kives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 32* Markat.
KADWAyS EEAD7 SEZOHF has stood
unrivaled before the public lor 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and qaicltly
cures all Colds. Sore. Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tar Malaxta and all Ravr»u V&ltu. .xil d"" ' '| Four competitors sent out more than
j 120 feet of line yesterday In the contests
of the San Francisco Fly Casting Club, at
Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park. This quar
tet of experts was made up of Dr. W. E.
Brooks, C. R. Kenniff, H. C. Golcher and
T. W. Brotherton. Mr. Golcher was high
man, with a cast of 131 feet. C. R. Ken
niff maintained his supremacy in lure
casting, scoring 98 per cent. The official
scores follow:
: " o ? Delicacy. r
! ?! «| ~g ? Ill
I il. *§ *I a ft
CONTESTANTS. a oq ~<Q + Sj
I \ r I n :¦*
'.'•'•'¦ 3 '
H. liattu 108185 |83.4!8«.8'90 e8.7
Dr. W. E. Brooks I34;92.8 87 i92.tS89.9
A. Huycks 100J&0.4 8».4|78.4 83.10 ....
K. M. Halght W 82.8 86.4178.4182.4
C. It. Kenniff lr: m>.s;!M.4 U'i.S H5.<! 08
G. H. Foulks 11O|SS.4!84.4,S4> 82.2 ....
H. C. Golcher 13IIS8.8S5 |S5 S3. 4 ....
T. W. Brotherton 12tSI»0 !i(i.4 :to »0.2 79.9
C. G. Younrjr ISB.8 K>.4!87.6 KS.5 91.2
A. M. Blade 03J82 |7U. 8174.2 7«.ll
T. C. Kierulft 104;iW.S:.sS.}<i91.8 00.2 91.6
A. B. Carr |S7.S|32.4:9«.8 94.0 03.3
F. R. Hoot>er 187 J80.41JKJ.8193 72.2
Brooke, Kenniff, Golcher and Broth
erton Send Out More Than
120 Feet of Line.
SIB, THOMAS LIPTON PAYS
VISIT TO NIAGARA FALLS
Owner of British Challenger Is Enter
tained by Royal Canadian
Yacht Club.—
NIAGARA FALLS, Aug. 2.— Sir Thomas
Upton boarded his special train to-night
to return to New York, after a day of
strenuous sightseeing, including a Jolly
reception by the members of the Royal
Canadian Yacht Club at Nlagara-on-the-
Lake. Accompanied by his party. Sir
Thomas visited the falls and the Sister
Islands above them. Later he went to
Lewlston, where he boarded a steamer
for Nlagara-on-the-Lake, to which place
the Canadian yachtsmen had brought
their defender of the Canada's cup, the
Strathcona.
Upon his arrival there Sir Thomas was
greeted by Commander Jarvis and the
Canadian yachtsmen. After luncheon the
yachtsmen drank a toast to Sir Thomas'
health. In responding, he said:
Our rood friends the Americans have a won.
derful boat In the, Reliance, but we have a bit
of a wonder, too. I am dad to have this op
portunity on British soil of testifying to the
very many courtesies and kindnesses I have re
ceived from your good neighbors, the American
people, and of stating that there are no better
or truer sportsmen tn the world than your good
friends across your frontier. If an error was
ever made It would be In favor of the for
eitnier. For good sportsmen give me the Amer
ican people. I hope to come to Toronto and
bring that cup after the races.
Shiro Inouye, a ''Japanese astronomer,
has discovered a new comet in the Cygnus
constellation, not far from the Lyra, mov
ing northward. .
News comes from China in dispatches
to the Asahi that three Roman Catholic
missionaries have been murdered by Chi
nese Insurgents at PIngU, in Shansi prov
ince. The remaining foreign missionaries
and their families, escorted by Chinese
troops, have arrived at Hsunkang. whence
they took passage for Hankow.
The Chinese Government has consented
to the opening of the following ports:
Nganklng, Capo Anhur province; Shang
sha, Capo Hunan; Wunshlen, In Szechuan,
and the Tungchlang and Hsichlang (East
and West rivers) in Kuantung province.
TOKIO, July IS, via Victoria, B. C,
Aug. 2.— The Korean Government has
now decided to open the rort of Wlju to
foreign trade. In this connection the
Kokumin publishes a dispatch from its
Seoul correspondent that, in accordance
with Russian objections, Korea was in
clined to abandon the proposal, but the
Japanese Minister notified the Korean
Government that Japan already consid
ered Wiju to be open.
VICTORIA. B. C, Auff. 2.— Officers of
the steamer Tacoma, which arrived to
day from Yokohama, report that the Rus
sian agents were buying large orders of
bean cake at the Japanese ports and stor
ing provisions and war munitions at Port
Arthur. Troops were being hurried west
ward and war was expected to occur at
any time. An Idea of how serious the
steamer's officers regarded the situation
is shown by the fact that the first inqui
ries they made when the pilot boarded the
vessel was as to whether any ultimatum
had been sent or war declared.
Officers on Steamship From Orient
Surprised by Peaceful
Situation.
EXPECT NEWS OF WAE
ON BEACHING PORT
LONDON. Aug. 2.— Dispatches say tha^
an earthquake has destroyed some houses
in the towns of Filattierra and Mulazzo,
in the province of Tuscany, Italy. Filat
tierra is a town of 2000 persons and* Mu 7
lazzo a town of 4000 inhabitants. They
are near Spezia, on the Gulf of Genoa.
Temblor Jars Tuscany Province.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Aug. 2.— Wilford
Roseboro, the negro who is charged with
having attacked Mrs. D. Beavers in Ire
dell County, then murdering her and
throwing her body into a well, 13 in Char
lotte jail. He was brought here to-night
by Sheriff Summers of Iredell County for
safe keeping. Roseboro was captured in
Polk County yesterday and taken to Ashe
ville Jail. When it became known in
StatesvIIle that the Sheriff was coming
there with his prisoner a mob began to
form for the purpose of lynching Rose
boro. This was just before the arrival of
the train. Sheriff Summers eluded the
gathering mob, however, and took his
prisoner to Mooresville by private con
veyance and there caught a train for
Charlotte. When captured Roseboro had
two pistols and a razor on his person.
Mrs. Long of Rocky Mount, who was at
tacked Saturday by a negro, on regaining
consciousness said her assailant was
named Till Black. He Is known and his
capture is certain, though up to to-night
he has eluded his pursuers.
North Carolina Citizens
Prepare to Lynch
Murderer.
SHERIFF SAVES
NEGRO FROM MOB
c a SPECIAL ineetir..-- of th« pen
i\ €ral committee of management,
• • c >*==\ Thirty-seventh National En
• • ** -*^ ranpment. Grand Anns* of the
• ¦ Republic, will be held this even
" Jr.g at the rooms of the California Pro
¦•• motion Co:riir.::.!ee, 25 New Montgomery
£ Street.
•\ '^alrraan G^crge Stone announces that
% topics of great Importance will be consld
. c'red ar.d expresses the hope that all mem
bers c/.t^-.e general committee, as well as
, all nc'Tiber? of the executive committee,
... -wi: I. attend."
T£ne for the settlement of all contro
•Versies connected with the Grand Army
; • arch is at hand. The Board of Public
.W.orks. the Board of Supervisors or some
• rwipoEEibJe agency of the municipality
thould say et once ard positively whether
• «the construction of the proposed court of
. "honor shall proceed. The Board of Pub
!i«.Works «Id issue a permit for the work
_ in je-r-Iar form and it is the judgment of
- capable lawyers that the members of the
•• board can be held responsible on their offi-
< m gIh.1 baasfla "tor 'any loss or damages sus
tained. Here is a copy of the permit is
sued by the Beard of Public Works on
Ju'y 6, last.
..*. / PERMIT OF BOARD.
Departiaest of Public World.
Bureau *cf Streets.
c r . ». ,*~ ctt >' Hal1 -
SAN FRANCISCO. OU., July «; 1903.
r»r»r.:M!on is h«r»-b>- granted to the Joehoa
-n^nfly Machine ¦Works to erect the cras-.i arch
fcnd court cf honor at the intersection of
. -ifclra, Ktarr.y and Market utreets. !n accord
•¦ttxirt with the p!ar.s° and specification* pre
n&rcd by the department of electricity and
approved and adc-pted by the executive com
ir.«tee of the Thlrty-S^ver.th National En
caf^Fnifnt cf the Grand Army of the Re
rutric.
The rraad arch and court of honor are to be
removed m-lthln ten days aft«.-r the termina
tion of the encampment or the festivities in- '
c cider.t».l. thereto. The etreeu are to be
cleared of all obstruction and accumulations,
end the pavements replaced in. as rood condi
tion. &¦ the tame were at the commencement
. cf bur.dir.tT operations. A. J. DONOVAN"
. * Office Deputy. Board cf Public Works.
The -plans er^lspecincatlons prepared by
the Department of Electricity, a branch
of the municipal government, were ap
• proved 1 and adopted by the executive com
¦^rJtte«* of U>* Grand Army, and en such
iipproval and adoption the Board of Pub
"li.o.* Works Issued a permit for the con
sttuctlng firm to go ahead with the bulld
".ir.g'eTiterprise. Under the new charter the
«!ty fs exempt from liability, but no such
( exemption applies to sureties on the offl
<Tal bond of the Commissioners of the
Board, of Public Works.
•The cx'ecutLve committee of the Grand
AYmy may deylse other or supplemental
features of. decoration and Illumination,
•but it is not bound to modify or alter the
• orlirfnal plans* and specifications for the
'Brand arch in order to give the contract
ing firm apd the Board of Public Works
'relief 'from responsibility.
' MEDICAL AFFAIRS.
The Grand Army committe« on health
ard. medical affairs Is taking every pre
caution to. Insure prompt attention to the
visitors in "case of accident or illness of
any kind during their stay in this city, or
while' on excursions in the vicinity. Colo
rrel Window Anderson, surgeon general
JN'jitipn&l Guard of California, and medical
director for the Grand Army Encamp
ment, in his report to the committee,
urges the following arrangements:
• Two surgeons to be In attendance at
headquarters. Grand Hotel, from 9 a. m.
until 11 p. m. each day.. Each detail to
last from pne to two hours, bo that the
headquarters shall never be without a
surgeon rea,dy to respond to a call. This
will require the attendance of twenty sur-
Ktons at headquarters each day. A simi
lar detail will be sent to the ferry depot,
•to the Mechanics' Pavilion durinjr the re
r f-ationa and entertainments, to the Grand
Opera-house during the sessions of the
Uelrgates, and to every place where thou
sands will gather for any special occa
sion. FuUy twenty surgeons will be in
:ine, distributed at equal distances, on the
two days of the parades.
From two to five physicians will accom
pany each excursion party to render med-
Ual aid in case of necessity. A room will
be procure'd near the headquarters for a
FOUR FLY-CASTERS
•m-a-k-t; BIG SCORES
I medical department or an emergency hos
pital, to be supplied with telephone, to be
known as "medical department," and
equipped with first aid packages, ban
dages and emergency medicines, so that
slight wounds and bruises and medical
cases could be attended to Instantly.
Each surgeon Is to be equipped with first
aid packages and emergency medicines.
Dr. Andersen Is organizing the medical
corps on the lines of the United States
army ard the National Guard of Califor
nia, so that prompt and efficient service
may be rendered at all hours.
AMBULANCES SECURED.
Three ambulances will be at the ser
vice of the Grand Army at all times, day
and night, without cost, furnished by the
Duncombe Ambulance Company. One am
bulance will be In attendance at the head
quarters each day during the encamp
ment from 9 a. m. until 11 p. m., and the
others will be ready at the ambulance
quarters, ready to respond to call. One
of the surgeons in attendance at the head
quarters ¦will accompany the ambulance
on each call. Two ambulances will ac
company the parades, besides the one at
headquarters. Dr. Anderson hopes to Be
cure the volunteer services of six lady
physicians, who will be on duty at the
ladies' receptions.
Each surgeon while on duty will wear
a badge with a red cross, the word "sur
geon" above It, and the words "Thirty
seventh National Encampment, G. A. R.,"
below.
Henry C. Dibble. J. B. Fuller and Soi
Cahen constitute the committee on hos
pital and medical affairs and they are In
defatigable In their endeavors to Insure
the best of care and attention to the veter
ans and their friends who come with
them during their stay In this city, though
not a single casualty may occur. These
precautions are taken to allay the fears
of Eastern visitors, who do not realize
that there is no danger of persons being
prostrated from excessive heat in San
Francisco during August.
The committee has also Issued circulars
for general distribution on all passenger
trains coming westward, In which passen
gers are cautioned against exposing them
selves to the cold and moist atmosphere
while crossing the bay. which makes
them liable to contract cold, especially
after traveling through the heated val
leys. These circulars will be generously
circulated among the veterans and their
frienda as the trains approach the bay.
Every precaution has been taken to secure
the health and comfort of the visitors
while in California.
2IEMEDRS OF THE HEALTH AND MEDICAL COMMITTEE WHICH
TVILi CARE FOR THE VETERANS AND THEIR FAMILIES DUR
ING. THE .GRAND ARMT ENCAMPMENT IN THIS CITY.
A dozen or more of the male guests
made their way to the office about five
minutes after the shock wearing assumed
expressions of indifference upon their
rather pale countenances, but otherwise
noticeably nervous, a condition that be
came more pronounced after they had
gathered about an old-timer who dryly
related how the temblors of the pioneer
days came near destroying the city and
how an old Indian squaw had predicted
that some day an earthquake would lay
the metropolis low.
At the Occidental, Lick and California
hotels employes were quickly dispatched
to the upper floors, where frightened
guests were awaiting to be pacified, and
in a very few minutes the guests had re
tired to their rooms to return to slumber,
or possibly await another shock. %
In only one particular part of the hotels
did the earthquake seemingly prove of
any special benefit, and that was the bar.
rooms, which were liberally patronized by
aroused guests until a late hoar, for nerve
tonics were in as popular demand as ice
cream on a summer's night.
The shock in its progress did not ignore
the hotels, the guests of which were not
long in recognizing the strenuosity of the
titanic visitation, and were by no means
slow in making for a supposed place of
safety. At the Palace there was quite a
commotion in the corridors, where lodgers
appeared in all kinds of habiliment, from
a full dress suit to the more modest and
airy pajamas, and pestered the bell boys
with anxious inquiries as to "what was
the matter."
The quiet of the Sabbath night was dis
turbed In more than one household around
the bay last night by a life-sized temblor,
which jarred the earth's crust in a man
ner calculated to leave no doubt as to the
identity of the subterranean visftor. The
shock, which occurred at 49 minutes and
42 seconds past 10 o'clock, lasted for four
teen seconds.
As recorded by the delicate needle of
the seismograph in the Chabot Observa
tory, Oakland, the heaviest shock came
first, the vibrations being from north to
eouth. After a moment's pause a second
shock, traveling from east to west, fol
lowed. ,
Bay Cities Receive a Generous Jar
ring From Seismic Disturbance.
LIVELY TEMBLOR FELT.
In private residences brlc-a-brac, crock
cry and plaster were smashed i^nd some
of the people report narrow escapes from
falling articles.'
Lick Observatory reports the shock the
heaviest in the history of the place. The
indicator of the seismograph was dis
lodged and no record obtained. In San
Jose the shock lasted from 20 to 30 sec
onds and was from east to west. The
time of the shock, as given by Lick Ob
servatory, was 10:49:24 o'clock.
Large sandstone capping was shaken
from the Native Sons" Hall at Third and
San Fernando streets and also from the
Richmond building on Second street. At
the latter place a block of sandstone
made a hole a foot deep in the 6idewalk.
Windows were broken in the business
houses at various places about town', and
plaster was shaken down. The crockery
stores suffered severely.
Guests of Hotel Vendome and the St.
James rushed from their rooms to the
street and many refused to retire again
for some hours. A lodger In the Del Mar
lodging-house fainted, and it was some
time before he was re'suscitated. Tha.big
electric tower stood the shock well and
swayed but, little.
A resort Is current that the Mayfleld
Hotel was wrecked.
At the Garden Theater there was a
panic. People rushed for the streets, a
score of women fainted and the actors
and stage mechanics became ''rattled."
The earthquake did most damage in the
vicinity of Second and San Fernando
streets. The towers and chimneys of tlie
Louise building, the property of the Phe
lan estate, were wrecked and a great
mass of bricks and mortar thrown to the
street. Windows in the buildings were
broken. It was in this building Mrs. Lus
son resided, and her lifeless body was
found on the bed. She had been a suf
ferer from heart disease and fright end
ed her life.
SAN JOSK, Augr. 2.— The heaviest earth
quake since 1S63. if not in the history- of
San Jose, occurred here to-night at 10:49
o'clock. Damage was done to some of
the buildings and Mrs. Lusson, wife of
Dr. P. M. Lusson, died of heart disease
as a result. All of the lodging-houses and
hotels were emptied and almost' the en
tire population of San Jose deserted its
homes for the streets.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
One Woman Dies of Heart
Disease and Scare Is
General.
Heaviest Shock San
Jose Has Known
Since 1868
if Members" Persist in Present Course Action Will Be Taken
•to, HoldThem Liable on Official Bonds — Chairman Stone
; Calls for a Special Meeting of the General Committee
WORKS BOARD REPUDIATES
PERMIT TO ERECT ARCH
DAMAGE DONE
BY EARTHQUAKE
KING OF PORTUGAL BRINKS
HEALTH OF ROOSEVELT
Sends Telegram to President Prom
on Board the Brooklyn at
Lisbon.
LISBON,. Aug. 2.— The text of the tele
gram sent' by King Charles yesterday to
President Roosevelt follows; .
I had this moment the pleasure of drinking
your health and the prosperity of the Ameri
can navy on board the Brooklyn.
The United States training ship Enter
prise has arrived here.
It was his Masonic connections which
made Sinsabaugh known and admired
throughout the State. At the time of his
death he .held the office of deputy grand
commander of the Grand Commandery
of the State of California, Knights Tem
plar, lie was past master of . Southern
California Lodge. F. and A. M.: past
commander of Los Angeles Commandery,
Knights Templar, and past master of
the Consistory, Scottish Rite. He had
been a member of the Masonic Grand
Lodge for more than fifteen years and
had held a number of offices in it. ¦
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2.— George Sinsa
baugh, a thirty-third degree Mason and
one of the best known members of the
Masonic fraternities In this part of the
State, died this evening at his country
home in Sierra Madre, of .consumption,
after an Illness of two years' duration.
He came to California from Iowa in 1S-S1
at the age of 20 years, and was admitted
to the' bar and soon thereafter became
cashier, of the Broadway Bank, which po
sition he held for many years. Later he
took .charge 'of the Rosedale Cemetery
Association and had since been practical
ly the head of that exclusive organization.
George Sinsabaugh, Prominent in the
Fraternity, Succumbs to Con
sumption.
THIBTY-THIBD DEGREE
MASON PASSES AWAY
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 2.— A special to the
Miner from Livingston, Mont., 3ays an at
tempt was made by unknown persons this
morning to blow up the large Northern
Pacific bridge crossing the Yellowstone
River east of tlii? city and wreck the
eastbound passenger train. The explosion
was terrific and broke windows In scores
of houses In the eastern part of the city.
No part of Livingston escaped a severe
shock. The big bridge was twisted out of
alignment.
The powder had been placed by inexperi
enced persons and to that fact is attrib
uted the escape of the structure. A large
hole was made in the central pier of the
bridge.
The Northern Pacflc Company has of
fered a reward of 51000 and the County
Commissioners $2000. There is no clew to
the miscreants.
Attempt to Blow Up a
Railroad Bridge in
Montana.
TRAIN WRECKERS
EXPLODE POWDER
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAMj, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
5
OCEAN TBAVEL.^ :
e Steamers leaf* San Fran-
cis co as follows:
• For Ketchlkant Juneau.
Fkagway. «tc, Alaska — II a.
m.. August 4. 9. It, 19. 2*.
29. Sept. 3. Change to com-
pany's steamers at. Se&tt!«w
For Victoria. Vaoeouvar.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — It
a. m., August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. .3.
Change at Seattle to this company' » eteamera
for Alaska and G. N*. Ry. : at Seattle for Ta-
coma to X. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. J-ty.
For Eureka t Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p» m., August 2. 8. 14, 20. 26, Sept, 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m-, August 5. 11. 17. 23'. 29, Sept. -4.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Anrelea and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa'Crui. Mori-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. P->rt Harfor4
(San Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hwneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., August 9. 13. 21. 29,
S«pt. 6.
Ramor.a, 9 a. m.. August 1. 9. 17. 23, Sept. X
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose flt!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th ot eaeb
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to cfcangs steamers or sail*
ln^ dates.
TZCX*GT OmCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf. • ¦ #
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
-Columbia" sails Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. "G«3rn
W. Elder" sails July 27. Aag. 8. »«.. 29: Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. 3teaoi«r sails
loot of Esear* st. at n a. rn. Z. T. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.; C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt Ftt. ». apt.. 3 Montgom-
ery it. .,-.." :'¦
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Eteamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of raUtng.
S. & AMERICA MARC
Wednesday. Auffust 28. 1903
S S HONGKONG MARL* (calling at Ma-
•nlla) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARC
Thursday. October 15. .1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, ap^iy at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeanles.s.co.ss!g
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. £*moa. Auclc-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 6. 2 p. m.
8 S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti Aug. 15. IX a. m.
g' 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Aug. 13, 11 a.m
4J.IHECKEUlIUt.a v iri..TXait0{13a l l4iEvt]!a
rafc.tlffla.113 lartrt IL.Fto fc. 7. Ptcfflc U
COJfFieXIE 6XVXBALS TIU53ATLA5TI33i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead o£
Saturday, at 10 a. m., frcm Pier 42. «0a»J
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
ond-class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FCOAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ttcket Agents.
Mara Island and Vallajo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 » m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. rn.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves VaUeJo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday, tua-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. 1«U
Main 1308. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BRO8.
f m cm si.oo uriv-
fct vj *r^j^. § fsB VH r**^^F*^HiTiwr^P?Sttfe^^^^^^ ' v_^ I, I. v^ A. l» JL X c^Xf A -L JL v_y v_y JL Jl v v_^ JL *
!£*£¦ & - — — — t '" J
fc|S £&£ KSMflBuf file. Trfi irfit It
1 is brewed from malt made under our own super- . 1
H vision, the finest hops obtainable, and thoroughly g
i filtered soft river water ( — river water contains no fi
i mineral salts and is therefore best adapted for . g
1 the production of good beers — ), thus making it the . i
HI " ' ' r^j .
BH ¦ ¦ ' ' • |^J *
H No household is complete without this . nourishing, j|
|1 refreshing table beverage, the H
o Bottled only at the home plant of the • * rl"
H Anheuser-Busch Brewing ' Ass 9 n 9 ¦-.".- St. Louis U. S. A. g
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fretful babies become calm
and peaceful babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food nourishes.
A sample of Mellin's Food costs you nothicg
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
BEERS
Guaranteed Pure.
None So Good,
Sold Everywhere
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Q £v& 1051XA2XXTS?.Ut.8:M7£,S.r.Cal.
\ *^T Ile *-*'T«t Anatomical M-jium tn the
Q _iAw World. Weaknesses er taj contracted
L »?8n dise»« r*>iil<»-ircar*4 hj the oldest
O #5ja I Sp«a*'»t on lie Coast. Est. 36 years.
6 J||£i DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ f dxnfl Consultation free ind strictly prJTitir.
0 J Owl TrMiment penoeally or hj letter. A
\ B W MM P*—fo* Cure in erery case undertaken.
A F 1 lio* Wrtte for Book. PniLO^oraV af
T ¦ It ft* JI4MRMCB, MAILED FEES, f A
A O tfr valuable book for mra)
f OB. JUBDAM A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P
*^PB,&j| MENANDWQMEFt.
Cta B!( O fornnoatursl
la 1 to t JarOXa diicharfct.inflanjmstion*,
ffjj/W G»»r»attt4 B Irritations or nlceritionj
K**Jf m» t» itrlatar*. of mucom wambranei.
1^3 Piwsta c«»UfiMi. Pain'eii, and not Mtrla-
RSITHEEYI-HSChEMIMICO. gent or poiioaouf.
WjA ClltaHMATlO.BBa| Sold by DranrlsU,
C. 8.1. jjSSjr or i«nt Id plain wrapper.
«CTBrg»>»w by expreta. prepaid, for
W^BKnl $10 °- or s bottlM J2.73.
¦* Circular wet oa raqaeit.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rBESJK AAS SAT.T MIATS.
JAS RflYFS ft fli ShiPPta* Butchers. 1<H
JA3. DUIC3 g CU. day. Tel Main 129*.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
nrarxaro. ~~~~
Lr HIIfiHF^ printer.
U UUUUCO, en sansome at.. S. F.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ABT SUPPLEMENT,
"THE BUSSIAN WEDDING^
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, 'about three or four
inches; framed closely.COLLEGE TRAINED WOMEN.
San Francisco Judges have set down their feet,
opened their judicial mouths and decided that youth
ful robbers in the city must be punished to the limit
of the law. While the wise men of the law and pen
alties are doing the job why not take a turn out of
a few old robbers who appear to be eminently suc
cessful in the pursuit of their profession?
AUSTIN, Tex.. Aug. 2.— The Tula Iron
Works and iron ore fields situated south
of Guadalajara, Mexico, have been pur
chased by the Tula Iron Company, an
American corporation which was recently
organized with a capital stock of $4,000,000
It is reported that the company is' nego
tiating for other iron properties in Mexico
and that it will erect a large steel plant
in that country. Ralph M. Roach of New
York, who is connected with the General
Electric Company, Is said to be princi
pal promoter of the enterprise.
perdams while the ship was victualing
the China squadron. These provisions
had been Flowed away with the object of
selling them when the ship returned tj a
homo port.
Company Said to Be Negotiating for
Other Properties in the
Same Country.
AMERICAN CORPORATION
BUYS MEXICAN X>RE FIELDS
In addition to the isthmian canal treaty the Colom
bian Congress is discussing ways and means of estab
lishing the currency of the country on a gold basis.
There is something like $650,000,000 of paper money
outstanding, and financiers arc wondering how they
can redeem it without mortgaging the nation for a
century to come. ' .
RAILROAD GAUGE - Vallombrosa.
Mendocino County. Cal. On th«rContinem
nSoethe standard gauge of railroads
?i S^Tlly 4:5'i f^t. In Russia it is 5
fee? in Sain 1-9 feet In the United
States there are many miles of track 4 :D
feet in width, but for traffic purposes this
Is not a break from the standard of 4:«^
, ", , n India the width of tracks is 5:6;
in N>w South Wales. 4:8%; but in Victo
ria* to the south, It Is 5:3. while in
Queensland, to the north, it Is 3:«. In
Queensland, New Zealand, and In South
Africa the width is 3:6 feet. In Lower
Eeypt it is fcWfci in Egyptian Soudan.
ZS : «n Ireland it is 5:3. anrl in Great
Britain 4:8 l ,£. In London the Great West
ern main line changed from 7 feet to 4:8'i
in 1872- Tne narr °w gauge is generally
3:6, but on s,ome roads it is 3 feet.
NOBILITY— M. D. R.. City. In Great
Britain nobility ranks as follows: Knight.
Baroftrt, Baron. Viscount, Earl. Marquis
and Duke. A Knight is entitled to be ad
dressed as "Sir": a Baronet !s a dignity
of honor one degree above Knlghta. and
has precedence of all the orders ot
Knights, except Knights of the Garter,
which is the only knighthood that Is he
reditary; a Baron is one who holds a rank
between a, Baronet and a Viscount being
the lowest grade of rank in the British
House of Lords- Then comes the Ms
count, followed by the Earl whose rank
corresonds with that of Comte m France
and Graaf In Germany A Marquis is one
who ranks above all of these and isnext
to that of Duke, who is next to th« Prince
of Wales according to seniority cf patent.
Buhamara has been reported dead a
number of times since he first raised the
standard of revolt in 1S32. Early in the
revolution he issued a proclamation claim,
ing that his aim was to seat Mullah Mo
hammed, the brother of the Sultan, on the
throne. The last large fight in which he
was reported to have been engaged oc
curred June 16. when he defeated the War
Minister of Morocco, with a loss to the
latter's forces of 600 Aen. At that time
no mention was made of his having been
wounded.
THE INSANE— C. K. E., Watsonville.
Cal. By the act of 1SS5 it is the duty of
the Superior Judge committing a person
declared to be insane to one of the Stata
institutions to ascertain if such person
has means with which to pay for personal
maintenance and for clothing while In
the institution, and if so to apootnt a
guardian of the estate of such insane
person and have the guardian, pay for
maintenance and clothing. If the party
so committed has a husband or wife.
father, mother or children able to" pay
for the keep of the party committed, it
becomes the duty of such to pay.
TANGIER. Morocco, Aug. 2.— It is re
ported that Buhamara, the pretender to
the throne of the - Sultan, has died of
wounds received.
Buhamara, Who Would Succeed the
Sultan, Said to Have Died
- From Wounds.
PRETENDER TO MOROCCO'S
THRONE REPORTED DEAD
PITCH— S. G. S., Richmond, Cal. In
the game of pitch the points score In the
following order: First, hfth; second, lo.w;
third, Jack, and fourth, game. If two
parties are playing and the game stands
six points each, he who scores high goes
out first, as that takes precedence of the
other points, unless jack Is turned up
by the dealer. The same Is the case when
the game stands five to six; the former
goes out on high and low, although, the
latter may make jack and game in play;
but if the former mak.e jack and hold
high, the latter will go out on low, so
says Hoyle.
MARINE CORPS— Subscriber. City. Th«
United States Marine Corps was first
established Ly act of Congress November
10, 1775, authorizing the enlistment of two
battalions, to be called the first and sec
ond battalions of marines. The corps was
re-established by the act of July 11. 179S.
The marines are liable at any tima to duty
in the forts and garrisons of the United
States. While enlisted they are exempt
from arrest for debt or contract. There is
no regimental organization, but the corps
may be formed into companies as the
President directs.
Admiral Barker, who Is In supreme
command, has transferred his flag from
the Illinois to the Kearsarge. The Kear
sarge, Olympia, Illinois and Prairie have
just been equipped with the wireless tele
graph system, and communication has
been successfully carried on between the
ships.
BAR HARBOR, Me., Aug. 2.— The game
of war will begin to-morrow morning at
daylight, when the "enemy," consisting
of the battleships Indiana, Texas and
Massachusetts and the torpedo-boat de
stroyers Lawrence and Whipple, in com
mand of Admiral J. P. Sands," will sail
from here to lose themselves out on the
Atlantic. Two days later the fleet of bat
tleships, cruisers, scout ships, training
ships and torpedo-boat destroyers will
leave and take their respective stations
along the coast to watch for the approach
of the enemy.
"Enemy" Will Leave Bar Harbor To-
Day and Lose Itself Out on
the Ocean.
SHIIo OF THE ATLANTIC
SQUADRON TO PLAY WAR
LARGE AND SWIFT— F. K. J.. Sacra
mento Cal. Three of the largest Vessels
are the United States armored cruiser Cal
ifornia, 602 length. 70 breadth. 24.6 depth
(there are several other vessels in the
United States' navy of the same dimen
sions); the Formidable, British battleship,
430 70 26.9, and the armored cruiser of the
navy of Chill. 412. 62.09. 22. The California
is to be rated as 22 knots, the Formidable
IS and the O'Hlggins 21.50.
CALJXTINS— A. 8.. City. The Calix
tlns were a sect derived from the Huss
ites, in about 1420. who demanded the
cup (Greek, callx) in the Lord's supper.
They were also called Utraqulsts. Tho
name Callxtins is also applied to the fol
lowers of George Calixtus. a Protestant,
who died in 1656 and who in his day pro
posed a reunion of Catholics and Protest
ants based on the Apostles' creed.
CRYSTAL PALACE— Subscriber. City.
Tho Crystal Palace 7 in New York. * built
chiefly of iron and glass, in the form of
a cross with a dome, was commenced in
October. 1S32. The exhibition held therein
was opened to the public in August, the
following year. This building with its
contents, as exhibited by the American
Institute, was destroyed by fire in Sep
tember, 1S5D.
ILE DU DIABLE-J. F. G.. City. H»
du Dlable, or Devils Island. *"t>n which.
Captain Dreyfus was imprisoned, is one
of .the groap of Les lies du Salut. off the
coast of French Guiana, thirty-one miles
northwest of Cayenne. The group con
sists of two other islands besides the one
named. St. Joseph and He Royle. '
General R. H. 'Warneld of the California
Hotel has been an inmate for two days
of a private hospital, where he underwent
an operation yesterday. The surgeons at
tending him stated last evening that he
would be able to return to the hotel to
morrow.
Senator J. B. Curtin of Sonora is at the
California.
Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Nuport of Chicago
are at the Palace.
J. J. Carpenter, a photographer of
Ukiah, is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. K. tfrban of Petaluma are
registered at the Palace.
C. V. Inderrieden, a wealthy resident o?
Chicago, is at the Palace.
E. F. Beck, manager of the Internation
al Bank, and wife, who have been spend
ing their honeymoon in the Hast, have
returned to the city.
J. P. and S. R. Brown, who are Iden
tified with the shipbuilding interests of
Ldndon, are guests at the Palace, .
Louis Vetter, a well known insurance
agent and club man of L03 Angeles, ar
rived from the south yesterday and is
stopping at the California. He has come
north to attend the Bohemian Club jinks.
C. H. Smith, a wealthy lumber man of
Minnesota, was was prominently men
tioned as a candidate for Governor of that
State two years ago and who is largely
interested in sugar pine timber in the
northern part of California, is at the
Palace.
The great Staples continue to attract attention and
ai> a rule* the outlook in them is cheerful. Heavy
rains in the Southwestern corn belt have given that
crop an iinproved outlook, and in Kansas alone the
relief of the drought is reported to have benefited
the State, to the amount of millions of dollars.
•Threshing returns from the wheat States, however,
*have beVw disappointing, and the expected bumper
cj*p has subsided to one of ordinary proportions.
Frosts and blight are reported in the Northwest, but
.jvhat damage has been done has not yet been defin
itejy ascertained.
A/ favorabTe feature of the past week was the im
proved export 'demand for our breadstuff s, consider
able «uantities of new wheat and corn being reported
taken for foreign account. Provisions continue weak
.un'der 'ncreasing .supplies, though the Western pack
ers -are showing more confidence in prices and are
rather* more disposed to support the market than
the 1 }' have been for several weeks back. The coun
try's, supply, of hogs, however, is steadily increasing,
.t& is to be expected after the high prices of the past
1£c\erai yeart, and with this increase in live stock the
•dured product will also increase, which means a lower
plane* of values from now on.
Industrial conditions are reported more satisfac
tory, and the" railroads are having all the freight they
.catT handle, \vith* complaints of a shortage in cars
a£ain *being. heard. The earnings of the railroads
during the third week in July were nearly 14 per cent
larger .than during the corresponding week last year.
"jV&n. and steel buyers are still backward and these
'lines are by no means as active as during the feverish
times o.f thi* preceding three or four years. Some
districts, however, report rather more demand for
some lines. Hides are weaker, which impels shoe
manufacturers to defer purchases of leather in expec
tation of jofcr prices in the near future. In cotton
good«"prices are maintained and buyers of woolen
poods # are keeping that market reasonably active.
Shoe fhJRnients from Eastern manufacturing centers
are reported 32 per cent larger than "at this time last
year ahd' for the season to date 16 per cent larger.
This certainly does not indicate dullness in the boot
and shoe trade. T"ic distribution of general mer
chandise is reported heavy and the retailers and job
bers at! over'the country are reporting a very fair
c The "failures for the week were 190, against 198 last
year, and the bank clearings showed a loss for the
week of **.8;per cent, with aggregate clearings of
over, $2,000,000,000. The loss at New York was 7.8
per cent, while most of the large cities showed gains.
Our local condition continues excellent. The
¦wheat crop of the State is not turning out as large
as thought a couple of months ago, owing to the hot
<"ry weather in June, which caught the crop at the
maturing stage* -and shrunk the berry seriously in
some sections. But we shall have enough for our
ojvn use and probably some for export. The fruit
crop is turning out fair in volume and bringing good
prices, and the other products of the farm are also
tvrn'mtr out well, so the outlook is for another good
year in California. - ...
THE uniformly cheerful tone of commercial re
ports last week confirmed the almost complete
divorce 01 legitimate trade from stock specula
tion already pointed out. The recent severe decline
Ki'Wall street, apparently enough to shake commerce
V» its center,* has thus far produced no visible direct
effect on general business, though of course it must
have had more or less indirect influence on some
lines, wWch may appear later on. The commerce of
the country lias proceeded on the even tenor of its
way, *?nd° the" bad breaks in stocks of all kinds have
•Been recognized by' the financial and trading public
.as the natural collapse of inflated values.
'--The wonder is that these fictitious values did not
collapse long ago. Again, as already poinfed out, a
large percentage of the shrinkage has been on paper.
.Many hundreds of thousands of shares, which have
been figured in by 'statisticians in their computations
of losses, were stock held unsold by the corporations
themselves, and which of course were nothing but so
much blank paper as far as actual money is con
cer"ned. .Hence the actual cash shrinkage has proba
blt been gre'atly exaggerated.
•At present Wall street has become visibly tamed
down, money, both call .and time, has eased off to
lower rates and for some days the street has been
•timnterestihg Enough.- -There may be still more liqui
dation, and indeed it is expected; but as before men
tioned the general run of stocks have now got so
low that they are considered to have reached their
normal level, and the leading question among inves
iofs now* is_ whether it-is not a good time to buy in
again. A* lew days- more will probably settle this
question.
PERSONAL MENTION.
• ASPECT OF TRADE CHEERFUL
TEETOTALER— Inq.. Long Beach, Cal.
Teetotaler, a term applied to an abstainer
from all fermented liquors, originated
with Richard Turner, an artisan of ITes
ton, England, who. contending for the
principle at a temperance meeting in Sep
tember, 1833. asserted "that nothing but
te-te-total will do." The word was im
mediately adopted.
JAMESTOWN — Subscriber. Berkeley.
Cal. The three hundredth anniversary or
the settlement of Jamestown. Va.. will
fall on the 13th day of May. 1907. and
during that year there will be an Inter
national exposition under the direction of
the Jamestown Exposition Company. . or
which General Fitzhugh Leo was chosen
president.
SOME time ago Tom Johnson of Cleveland, in
announcing that he would not be a candidate
for the Governorship of Ohio, went on to say
that he deems himself better fitted for the office of
Mayor than the office of Governor, and will be con
tent with the Mayoralty of Cleveland so long as he
can render service acceptable to his fellow citizens.
It was rather a modest statement for him and there
has been a good deal of speculation as to the meaning
of it.
The statement struck the people of Ohio as being
a "dark saying," not only because modesty is not a
salient characteristic of Johnson, but because it is
well known throughout Ohio that his political ener
gies have been by no means confined to Cleveland.
There is hardly a county in the State where his in
fluence has not made itself felt through the medium
of either his oratory or his coin, and it has always
been understood that he was exerting himself in ,that
way for the purpose of getting elected Governor so
that he might have a good position to stand on when
reaching for the Democratic nomination for the
Presidency. Such being the view taken of his ac
tivity in politics, there was no little surprise when
he announced his modest desire to remain Mayor
of Cleveland, leaving the office of Governor to more
ambitious men.
As a result 'of public curiosity in the situation
there has been made a careful study of the relation
of Johnson to Ohio and of Ohio to Johnson by a
correspondent of the New York Herald. The corre
spondent discovers that the reason why Johnson pre
fers to remain Mayor of Cleveland for the present
is that he cannot better himself. He says: "A Re
publican majority of seventy or eighty thousand is
more than Johnson cares to go up against. He never
is interested in a. losing proposition. That is why
he has refused- to consider the Governorship this
year."
However, in declining to make the losing race,
Johnson has not been so contented in Cleveland as
he pretends. He has ulterior ambitions which show
themselves despite his efforts to conceal them. Evi
dences of his political plots and plans reveal the fact
that he is on a still hunt for the Senatorship now
held by Senator Hanna. He is working hard to
get a Democratic Legislature elected so that he may
assure himself of a seat in the Senate as the first
step toward; the coveted succession to Bryan as a
Presidential candidate.
As to the methods, the tactics, the characteristics
and the chances of the aspiring Mayor the corre
spondent says: "The Republicans of the nation
should not underestimate Tom L. Johnson's shrewd
ness and resourcefulness as a politician. He has had
an uphill fight in Ohio, but he has turned the city of
Cleveland from a strongly Republican town to a
strongly Democratic one. He is also courageous.
He violates precedent by doing things which a^timid
politician would not do. While abhorring bossism
in the Republican party he has assumed and exer
cised all the powers of an absolute dictator in the
Democratic party. He names all the candidates put
upon the Democratic ticket in Cleveland and it makes
no difference to him whether the candidate is popu
lar in the generally accepted sense. He* pays no at
tention to creed or calling or nationality in. the selec
tion of candidates, nor does he regard geographical
and other considerations which appeal to the average
politician. Above everything else, however, he gen
erally manages to put himself upon the popular side
of all questions, and he can make issues faster than
the Republicans can meet and dispose of them. His
declaration of war upon Senator Hanna means that
the coming campaign in Ohio will be a bitter one
and of national importance."
That then is the explanation of the modest state
ment of Mr. Johnson that he would rather be Mayor
of Cleveland than Governor of Ohio, because he
deems himself better fitted for the work. He is -by
no means so free from ambition as he pretends, and
before he finishes his scheming the nation may have
a tussle with him.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
BEST TIME-TV.. R. G.. City. The beat
time made by a steamer of tho Norte
German L4oyd line prior to January of
the current year was that made by the
Kronprinz Wilhelm. November. 1S01; time.
5 days 8 hours IS minutes; average hourly
speed, 23.21 knots.
The startling expose of the attempt made to intro
duce an insane patient upon the old soldiers' home
at Yountville as an inmate is a striking example of
the fact that when we are forced to choose between
two evils, a knave or an idiot, , it is unqualifiedly
better, in matters affecting public interests, tp accept
the knave. He is less likely to work a general injury.
MONDAY, AUGUST j, 1903
• JOHN D. SFRJ5CKELS, Proprietor.
{(dnisAII Communlpotlons to W. S. LEAKE. ManOB«f-
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
"Sou With the Department You Wish.
PfTSLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by MaM. InciuSirtr Pootape (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one *«•* kn
DAJXT CALX. (Including Sunday). 6 months 4.0O
DAILY CALLr— By EinirU Month •»"
F«CDAT CAUU One Tear *•*""
JfEEXLT CALL. One T«*r 1 '" w
f Dally... *8-*M> Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE 4 Sunday- 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
\ * All Poitmattert are aotbortwd to recelre
¦vbacrtptlons.
6*mpl» «opl«« *-Ul be forwarded when re«n«»t*d.
Kail. «obeertber» la ordering change of aiMrees ahould be
• f«rticuUr U> give both NEW AND OLJ> ADDRESS In order
.to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requert.
OAKUM) OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
c^i4« Center Street Telephone Iforth 77
'¦C. GEORGE.KROGXESS, Manager Foreign AdTer
* . tf.lnc. Marqnette nail dins, Chtcajro.
(Lecg Distant* Telephone "Central 2619.")
BRAXCB OFFICES— *27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
* until »:B0 o'clock. 800 Hayea, open until 8:30 o'clock. 633
•¦ McAllister, ©pen until «:S0 o'clock. C15 Lerkln, open until
'. ISO o'clock. 18«1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
* Market, 'corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109« Va
lencia, cren until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
* o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open
. cntll 8 o'clock. 2200 Ffllmore. open until 9 p. m.
NO SECOND TRIAL-Inquirer. City.
A verdict of "not guilty" In a criminal
case is a bar against further prosecution
upon the same charge. In °' ner .^°f -"•
there cannot be a second trial for the
same offense after acquittal.
ANGORA GOATS - Sub5criber. R! , w
ran von. Caf. There is a very Interest!:^
article on the- raisin* of * n *?™*^* !"
volume 5 of the Overland Month y and
one in the August number. 1303, of Coun
try Life in America.
DAUGHTERS OF REVOLl TION-A.
O S City Mrs. J. I* Moody is the re
cent 'of San Francisco Chapter of the
Daughters of the American Rpvohni^n.
Address, 3522 Clay street. San Francisco.
I UTHER LEAGUE— G. I*. -City. The
office of the Luther league nf America
fain B^alo. N. Y. C. G. Grauer of that
city is the secretary.
PIUTE EXPEDITION - Subscriber.
Citv The expedition against the Pints
Indians in California w:is from April 12 to
July 0. 1S60.
When the French cruiser D'Entreca3
teaux returned from the China station
tho ship was found to be considerably
overloaded, and^ suspicion was aroused.
The ship's company was landed and .the
vessel put under seal. A search was then
made and tho overloading . proved ti be
due to a great number of preserved pro
visions clandestinely stowed in the cop-
A shipbuilding high school has been
opened at Kiel. . The term is two years
and is open for naval architect students
who already possess some knowledge cf
the theory and. practice in shipbuilding.
On June 80 last there were flf ty-ona
ships of war under construction for the
British navy in the United Kingdom. Of
these twelve ships of 310,450 tona were
building in the dockyards, and thirty
nine of 171,150 tons at private yards. In
addition six vessels of 28,100 tons for for
eign navies were on the stocks or com
pleting under contract or awaiting buy
ers.
The British battleship King Edward
VII, which was launched at Devonport
July pS, Is the largest war vessel In any
navy, but only 350 tons larger than the
five ships of the Connecticut type buiU
ing for the United States navy. The keel
of the King Edward VII was laid March
8 last year and unusually rapid progress
has been made, during the sixteen and a
half months up to the launch. The weight
of hull, Including armor, is 10,075 tons, cf
which 6100, including 675 tons of armor,
was incorporated in the hull when the
ship was floated. The engines are being
built at the works of Harland & Wolff,
Belfast, and aro to develop 18,000 horse
power, giving a speed ot 18.5 knots. She
is to have fourteen Babcock and Wllcox
water tube boilers and six old-style cylin
drical boilers.. It is expected that the ship
will be ready for commission In the latter
part of 1904.
The approaching : naval maneuvers of
the British navy in home waters promise
to be of more than usual interest. The
home fleet, together with the mister
squadron, will endeavor to hold control of
the narrow seas, while the channel Jleet
will seek to devastate commerce. This
year large drafts of merchant seamen and
fishermen are to be added to the comple
ments of all the mobilized ships, and ef
forts will be made to establish the proba
ble value of torpedo attacks. Another In
teresting feature is that submarine boats
are to take part in the maneuvers and
will probably be attached 10 the channel
fleet. The value of oil as compared with
coal will also have a practical test, as
the battleships Mars and Hannibal and
the armored cruiser Bedford are to be run
by oil fuel throughout the maneuvers.
The British admiralty Has entered Into
an agreement with thirteen insurance
companies whereby a uniform and auto
matic method of insuring warships re
pairing at contract yards is effected. The
maximum sum is $2,500,000 and the longest
period two years. Sixty-two per cent of
the Insurance Is placed with the compa
nies and 38 per cent with brokers. The
rates for over $500 are: Thirty-six cents
for one month, 60 cents for two months,
80 cents for three months, $1 20 for six
months and 51 60 for twelve months. A
similar system of insurance is contem
plated for ships under construction at
private 'yards.
• * ?
The controversy over the. design of the
two 13,000 ton battleships for the United
States navy still continues, the Board of
Construction being evenly divided, and
Secretary Moody Is in a quandary as to
his decision^ The senior member of the
board. Rear Admiral O'Neil, chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance, is in accord with
Chief Constructor Bowles, and construes
the act of Congress relating to the two
ships to mean as follows: "Two flrst
clasa battleships. CARRYING THE
HEAVIEST ARMOR AND MOST POW
ERFUL ORDNANCE FOR VESSELS of
their class, upon a trial displacement of
not more than 13,000 tons, and to have the
highest PRACTICABLE speed and great
radius of action." The emphasized words
are' theirs. On the other side are Rear
Admirals Melville and Bradrord, chiefs of
the Bureaus of Steam Engineering and of
Equipment, who contend that the Intent
of Congress is, according to their Idea, ex
pressed by emphasizing the law as fol
low'il: "Two first-class battleships, carry
ing the heaviest armor and most powerful
ordnance FOR VESSELS OF THEIR
CLASS upon a trial displacement of not
over 13,000 tons, and TO HAVE THE
HIGHEST PRACTICABLE SPEED AND
GREAT RADIUS OF ACTION." The size
of the ships was limited to 13,000 tons In
accordance with the sensible advice of
Admiral Dewey, and contrary to the
wishes of the Board of Construction.
O'Nell and Bowles now recommend de
signs in which armor and ordnance equal'
almost to that of 16,000 ton ships is incor
porated, which necessarily sacrifices speed
and coal capacity, while Melville and
Bradford contend for faster ships and
coal capacity, with a corresponding reduc
tion In weight of armor and ordnance.
It was rather an odd selection of ves
sels comprising the United States squad
ron which recently visited the ports of
Germany, France and England. Cnly one
of these, the battleship Kearsarge, de
signed in 1895, attracted any attention,
while the cruisers Chicago and Fan Fran
cisco, twenty and sixteen years old re
spectively, and the gunboat Machlas, thir
teen years old, belonged to classes long
ago considered obsolete. The London En
gineer, which still seems to believe that
no country except England can produce
efficient war vessels, commented on the
American battleship with its usual sar
casm, saying: "The Kearsarge is the
finest example afloat of the art of the fad
dist. * • ? We may have some bad
ships in the British navy, but to contem
plate the Kearsarge may be balm even
when the worst of these Is about." The
London Times' naval expert, on the other
hand, gave a couple of columns July 11,
describing the characteristics of the
American ships- and fairly criticizing the
Kearsarge, and concluded by stating: "I
came away from the, Kearsarge strongly
Impressed with her great offensive and
defensive abilities, with a feeling of ad
miration for the completeness and the ef
fective character of her Internal fittings,
and strong in the conviction that In her
the United States possesses a ship which
any nation in the world might be proud
to own."
Rear Admiral Evans reports that the
monitor Monadnock In a recent full power
speed trial of eight hours averaged 11.78
knots an hour, and that for two hours,
with four boilers under forced draught,
'the speed averaged 12.1 knots. ; This Is a
decided improvement in a vessel which,
when completed seven years ago, made
only 11.63 knots on her trial. The engines
and boilers of the Monadnock were built
at Marc. Island under the supervision of
Chief Engineer George F. Kutz, U. S. N.,
and the recent performance reflects credit
on the officials and workmen in the navy
yard, as well as the present engineer of
the vessel. Lieutenant I. V. Gillis. to
whom the Secretary of the Navy has
written a complimentary letter. The Mo
nadnock was placed in commission Feb
ruary 20, 1$9»5. and cost J2.134.O54. The cost
of repairs up to July 1, 1902, amounted to
$77,300. an average of one-half of one per
cent of the first cost per annum. The
Monterey, built at the Union Iron Works
at a cost of $2,728,545, and commissioned
February 13, 1893. has cost in repairs $181,
330 up to July 1, 1902. being an average of
six-tenths of one per eont of the first cost
per annum.- Both of these monitors have
been In Philippine waters since 1S99, and
from all accounts the Monadnock has
! proved itself the better vessel.
China Is witnessing a return to the con
ditions which folloWd the coup d'etat
of 1898. Political discussion among the
Chinese, which increased during the im
perial court's recent policy of friendliness
toward foreigners, has suddenly stopped.
The plan of the Dowager Empress to ter
rify the reformers by the execution of
Shen Chien. which occurred last Friday,
has been successful. All of the liberal
Chinese, particularly those who have been
associated with the reformers, are in the
greatest fear of arrest and it is difficult
to find a Chinese who 13 willing to men
tion politics or Friday's tragedy, although
the latter is about the only topic of con
versation among trusted friends. The of
ficials are particularly dumb.
The affair is disappointing to the for
eigners, who had hoped that the Empress
Dowager's association with the ladles of
the legation would have a civilizing in
fluence. Prince Su, the most liberal of
the Manchu Princes, who in .uiarch last
issued a proclamation against Incense
burning to military Idols because it was
the chief rite during the Boxer troubles.
Is reported to have risked his office by
opposing the execution of Shen Chlen.
We earnestly hope that the authorities of
the civilized nations will give a timely warn
ing to this Government, which seems prepar
ing a Bast lie for the true lovers of China.
It would be- very discouraging to progres
sive Chinese If the »even reformers under ar
rest at Shanghai should he surrendered to the
Chinese Government and beheaded. Their writ
ings are, of course, offensive and Beditioui".
yet they should be punished as though they
had spoken In a like manner arainst the
American or British governments, which exist
for the welfare of the people. But the Gov
ernment of this land has become so corrupt
and has proved such a curse to the people
that our reformers deserve, the sympathy of
all enlightened men. who can perceive In what
a miserable state these millions are kept.
The letter concludes: "Is there any
hope for China except in revolution or re
bellion?"
PEKING, Aug. 2.— In connection with
the recent arrest in Shanghai of seven
Chinese editors on charges of sedition and
the probable decision of the foreign Minis
ters on the question of turning the editors
over to Chinese jurisdiction, a represen
tative of the Reformers has sent the fol
lowing letter to the press:
QUOITS— G. F.. Ross Valley. Cal. The
law of quoits says that the distance for
playing shall be eighteen feet.
We need not follow Mr. Bullock in his review of the
lesser combinations; suffice it to say that the Stand
ard Oil and the Morgan interests combined controlled
not less than $205,000,000 of the $451,000,000 of the
banking capital invested in the city of New York and
in all probability obtain a similar proportion of the
business transacted. By reason of the combinations
vast financial deals are rendered comparatively easy.
Mr. Bullock cites a case where a $5,000,000 check
was drawn against a bank on an hour's notice and
"with a little skirmishing" was duly honored without
trouble to the bank. Thus the combinations play an
important and beneficial role in our industrial devel
opment. There remains, however, a question whether
the practice of combination may not be carried too
far and place so large a. percentage of the capital of
the country in the control of a few hands as to be
a menace to the general welfare. Mr. Bullock docs
not fear monopoly, but says: "It is unfortunate to
have the largest banks and their affiliated institutions
so closely identified with particular corporate inter
ests. This gives to the great/ captains of industry
almost unlimited control over other people's capital
and enables them to tie up in their own enterprises
banking resources that should be available for the
uses of the community at large."
Since that time there has been no serious attempt
to establish a national bank, though one was talked
of during the Civil War. In place of it there has
been of late years more or less discussion i of the ad
visability of permitting the larger banks of the coun
try to establish branch banks throughout the Union.
The arguments in favor of branch banking are strong,
but as yet they have failed to convince Congress and
no such authority has ever been given. ' It appears,
however, that in this case, as in others, necessity is
the mother of invention, and that the urgent need
for financial institutions stronger thah any individual
bank has forced the large financiers, "of the country
to arrange combination of banks sufficiently strong
to finance the vast enterprises of the time. The con
sequence is that we have now banking combinations
controlling much larger financial interests than were
ever dreamed of by the most strenuous advocates of
a United States bank in the early days of the republic.
In the current number of Atlantic Monthly, Charles
J. Bullock, in an article on "The Concentration of
Banking Interests in the United States," gives some
striking statistics of the extent to which these great
combinations of banks have been carried out in re
cent years. The review deals mainly with the situa
tion in New York city, but serves to illustrate the
tendency of banking interests throughout the whole
country, and may therefore be taken as an indication
cf the general trend of our banking institutions.
Prior to 1808 the banks of New York had been of
moderate size. Only two had a capital of five mil
lions, and the average for the clearing house institu
tions was less than $1,000,000; but to-day, says Mr.
Bullock, "the average capital is nearly twicp as great,
while three banks have as much as $10,000,000 and
one has $25,000,000. In 1895 the capital, surplus and
undivided profits of the fifty national banks amounted
to $110,000,000 and their deposits stood at $507,000,
000; in 1002 the number of these institutions had
fallen to forty-five, while their capital, surplus and
profits had risen to $191,000,000 and their deposits
to $1,057,000,000."
The increase in the capital and the business of in
dividual banks, however, is not so significant of the
drift of things as is the extent to which combinations
among them have been arranged. Reviewing the
larger of these combinations Mr. Bullock deals first
with those controlled by what are known as "The
Standard Oil Interests." That combination has for
its center "The National City Bank" and in alliance
with it are twelve other financial institutions, either
banks or trust companies. Of them Mr. Bullock
says: "The entire chain of institutions employs a
capital and surplus of $92,000,000, holds deposits
amounting to $377,000,000 and carries loans that ag
gregate $266,000,000. * * * The same interests
control also a second chain of institutions under the
lead of the Hanover National Bank, which includes
two smaller banks and the Trust Company of Amer
ica. * * * If now we combine the figures of the
two chains of institutions associated with the City and
the Hanover Bank, it Appears that within our first
sphere of influence there haVc been aggregated $108,
000,000 of banking capital, $474,000,000 of deposits
and $323,000,000 of loans. And these data it should
be remembered take no account of control exercised
over banks located outside of New York."
The second great combination is that controlled
by the banking house of J. P. Morgan & Company.
That combination has under its influence three chains
of banks and tru ;t companies and through them con
trols a • banking capital of $97,000,000, deposits
amounting to $472,000,000 and loans aggregating
$299,000,000.
«
EARLY in our history as a nation some of our
greatest statesmen and financiers sought to pro
vide for financial unity and security by the es
tablishment of a great national bank surrounded by
a series of subordinate banks in every part of the
country- They succeeded in creating the bank and
managed to sustain it for a considerable period, but
owing to various causes opposition increased with
the years and finally under the Presidency of Jack
son the issue was fought out and the bank over
thrown. - ¦ -
TRIAL SHOWS
MONADNOCK'S
IMPROVEMENT
PLEA COMES
FROM CHINESE
REFORMERS
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
those given in the colleges for men. The records of
its graduates therefore constitute a fair showing of
what university education is doing for women in Eng
land, and according to the reports of the inquiry the
results have been the very opposite of what has been
generally asserted concerning ,the tendency of the
highly educated woman to avoid motherhood.
The Newnham inquiry discloses that not only are
the graduates stronger and healthier than the average
woman of a similar social grade, but that their chil
dren are healthier and brainier than those of less
highly educated women. It is further stated that the
investigation of the standing of the graduates and of
their relations to society generally tends to establish
the doctrine that while intellectual men have nearly
always been the sons of intellectual mothers, young
women who have stood high at the university have
nearly always been the daughters of able fathers.
Thus the intellect of the mother seems to descend
to the sons, while that of the father goes to the
daughters. In a strikingly large number of cases the
graduates of Newnham who have won high "honors
at Cambridge are the daughters of men who in their
student days won honors.
BANKING COMBINATIONS.
THE SAIJ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
The -yacht Reliance has proved her superiority
over all other American competitors and will defend
the cup against Shamrock III. This is the first sad
news, but unfortunately for him' not the last, to be
broken to Sir Thomas Lipton since his arrival upon
our. sporting and hospitable shores.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present lor Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids. *
Special information supplied dally to
business Douses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
The Board of Public Works has given another
characteristic illustration of what it believes to be
economy in the administration of public affairs. It
has increased the salaries of every member of the
clique which controls the board and has asked for
more .money for phantom improvements.
The President of the City Council of Stockton
was arrested the other night, among other interesting
prominent and disturbed gentlemen, enjoying a quiet
game of poker. Somebody may have given the ar
resting officers the tip that the president was losing.
Otherwise. how could such a stupid raid have been
undertaken?
DISCUSSION in this country concerning the
effects of the higher education of women has
tended to the, conclusion that while it mate
rially benefits the race in an economic and moral
way it inclines women to avoid the responsibilities
of marriage and maternity. It is true that the fac
ulties of Vassar and of Wellcsley have protested vig
orously against that conclusion, but none the less
most of our magazine and review writers have gone
on asserting the higher education of girls to be one
of the main factors in the diminution of the marriage
and birth rate among the American people.
The issue being an open one, it is .worth noting
that British authorities add their voices to the pro
test of Vassar and Welleslcy against the prevailing
belief. Recently an inquiry was made by the princi
pal of Newnham College for the purpose of finding
out what had been the results of university training
on the graduates of that institution. Newnham is a
woman's annex to the University of Cambridge. Its
students arc permitted to ' compete for university
prizes and honors and it gives courses fully. equal to
6
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT,
"THE BUSSIAN WEDDING,"
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, about three or four
inches; framed closely.Three Men Are Killed During a
Pleasure Cruise on Mobile
Bay. ,
MOBILE, Ala., Aug. 2.— The pleasure
yacht Florodora was struck by lightning
this afternoon off tho wharf at Point
Clear, on Mobile Bay, and three men
were UUled. The dead:
L.EDYARD SCOTT, formerly president
of the Imperial University at Koeigma,
Japan.
BRUCE GRANVILL.E LINCOLN, a
wealthy young Engltahmtin, visiting Mo
bile In connection with coal investments.
WILLIAM BRBWTON, pilot of the
yacht.
Mr. Scott's daughter and Charles Bald
win, the fn^.neer. wer* burned by the bolt,
but not fatally injured.
BOLT OF LIGHTNING
STRIKES THE YACHT
The theory of the police Is that the man
cut the woman's throat and then killed
himself.
WORCESTER, Mass., Aus. 2.— A spe
cial from North boro says: Frank Foss.
while on his way homo to-night heard
screams in the direction of Grange Hall,
on School street Hastening in that di
rection he came upon two bodies lying in
a yard close to the sidewalk. According
to the police they were the bodies of F.
P. Kgan and Mrs. Sadie Booth, both of
Spencer.
Mrs. Booth was 28 years of age and had
been living for the past month with her
elster at Northboro. Her throat was cut.
A razor was found under her body. The
man's throat was cut in a similar man
ner.
Citizen of a Massachusetts Town
Commits Murder and
Suicide.
CUTS WOMAN'S THROAT
AND THEN HIS OWN
Dancing, out-of-door pastimes and vari
ous other forms of amusement were in
dulged in durlnjj the afternoon.
The following named comprised the
committees having the affair in charge:
Antone Borel, Dr. H. J. Sartorl, Louis
Juri. Celeste Giugni. G. Scalmanini, John
March!, E. Martinoni, George F. Cavelll,
M. G. Tonini. L. Valsangiacomo, Dr. T.
A. Rottanzl, G. Caccia, P. S. Campana,
G. E. Porta, A. Togni, L. A. Rea, A.
Monotti, John Sobrio, G. Pellegrini, P. A.
Gianninl, D. S. Moresi. R. Bulettl. Sig
nora Leopoldina Steffanl, Robert Hauser,
John S. Leutenegger, Adolph Juillerat,
Achille L. Uea, Will Borlini, Horace Sar
tori. E. S. Rea, S. Maggettl, S. Cheda,
Adolph Bloom, L. Fillppini, S. Dado,
Charles Muller, F. Berta, A. B. Scal
manini.
The Swiss societies of San Francisco
and various other counties of the State
held forth at Schuetzen Park, near San
Rafael, yesterday. There were more than
5000 people present, the largest crowd
that has attended any picnic at the park
In many years. Special trains were run
over the California Northwestern Railroad
from Santa Rosa and other up-country
points, while the San Francisco contin
gent was conveyed to the park by both
the narrow and broad gauge trains. The
North Shore also ran a special train of
twelve cars to accommodate the excur
sionists from Cazadero and way stations.
The event was the one hundredth anni
versary of the admission of Ticino into
Switzerland. Literary exercises In both
English and French occupied the atten
tion of the crowd in the forenoon. At
12:30 a barbecue dinner was served under
the trees. Three thousand covers were
laid, but owing to the vast throng pres
ent improvised banquet tables had to be
placed lc the dancing pavilion to accom
modate the balance. In the center of the
banquet arena a platform had been erect
ed and from this the various' speakers
responded to the toastmaster, Antone
Boree. the Swiss Consul. Others who Bpoke
were Mayor Eugene Schmltz of this city
and E. B. Martineui of San Rafael in
English, and Dr. H. J. Sartorl and G. E.
Antogninl in French.
A musical programme was rendered im
mediately after the banquet and during
this time MIbs Lydia Cavalli, Mrs. L.
Steffanl and Signors Viglione. G. Cortes!,
P. Lafranchi and G. Antogninl rendered
solos In Italian. "¦"-".'",
sary of Admission of Ticino
Into Switzerland.
Celebrate One Hundredth Anniver-
SWISS SOCIETIES GATHER
IN FOECE IN SCHTJETZEN
ST. LOUIS. Aug. -2.-Shcriff Smith' of.
Cole County spent Sunday In St. Louis
serving subpenaes on witnesses for the
Grand Jury -that will meet to-morrow at
Jefferson City to continue the Investiga
tion of charges of boodling in* the Legis
lature. It Is supposed that the Important
witnesses who gave testimony before the
St. Louis Grand Jury relative to Jefferson
City afTairs are wanted and that Sheriff
Smith got tho list of his witnesses from
Circuit Attorney Folk. The Grand Jury
will meet at 10 o'clock to-morrow mom
ing and will .receive instructions from
Judge Hazel. The instructions, it is said,
will apply to boodling alone.
Subpenaing Soodle Case Witnesses.
After this there was the presentation by
E. R. Moss, past grand of Magnolia
Lodge, on behalf of the committee, to A.
M. Brand, the retiring president, of a
beautiful fob charm, in gold and enamel,
with a diamond In tho center of the all
seeing eye, In recognition of the faithful
ness in which he discharged the duties
of his office during his term. There was
a response of thanks, then congratula
tory speeches by Past Presidents Watson,
Doyle and others, after which there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall of the
building, where a most tempting dinner
was served. The new president was the
toastmaster and after the dinner had been
discussed there was a call upon the
prominent members of the committee and
past officers to respond. Toasts were re
sponded to by the vice president, H. W.
Osthoff; the past president, A. M. Brand;
the other officers of the committee, and a
number of Odd Fellows who have In tho
pa»t served in various capacities on tho
committee.
PRESENTED WITH CHAEM.
After the election the officers were duly
installed and the new president was hand
ed a watch that had been the property of
the committee for more than twenty
years and which during that time had
never been wound up, for the reason that
the main spring Is broken. The hands
point to the hour of ten, the time when
the meeting is to be called to order every
Sunday morning. He was informed that
it was the duty of every president to wear
that watch in order to remind him of the
hour when he Is to call the committee
to order.
At the close of the business of the day,
which, in addition to the reading of the
reports, consisted of the presentation of
the reports of the several committees who
visited the sick under the care of the
relief committee, of what had been done
for the care of widows and orphans, there
wis the election of officers for the cur
rent term. The election resulted in the
choice of XV. I. Brobeck, Assistant City
and County Attorney, president, in place
of Vice President J. E. Reardon, who
would have been advanced to the presi
dency, but who was forced to decline be
cause he had accepted an office In another
organization which will take him away
from the city for a great portion of the
present term. The, new president Is a
member of Farnsworth Lodge. H. W.
Osthoff of Fidelity Lodge, one of the most
popular men in the order at this time,
was chosen for vice president. James
Francis Nichols of Templar Lodge was
unanimously re-elected secretary and H.
F. Neunaber of Yerba Buena Lodge was
chosen treasurer, being re-elected without
opposition.
The reports that were presented show
that during the term that expired yester
day the committee attended to 325 cases,
thirty more than the previous term, and
after due Investigation each case re
ceived proper attention and financial as
sistance was extended wherever such was
necessary. The receipts during the six
months amounted to $10,142, dnd the dis
bursements for the relief of Oie sick and
distressed Odd Fellows from parts of the
country outside of San Francisco to $10,
492, or $350 in excess of the Income, which
had to be drawn from the surplus on
hand. This report shows that during the
last term $530 45 more was expended In re
lief than during the previous term.
The reports also showed that there was
paid from the friendship fund in the na
ture of loans to members of the order
who were financially stranded, the sum
of $340 50. The greater portion of this
was returned and in addition there were
a number of donations from grateful
members who had been assisted and who
thought that their little donations would
assist others, who, like themselves, at
some time might be in need of aid in a
monetary way. The contributions to thia
found amounted to $427 GO.
OFFICERS ELECTED.
Fellows' building. There was a
large attendance of those who compose
the committee and many of the past offi
cers. •
THE semi-annual meeting of the
3an Francisco Relief Committee of
the Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows was held yesterday in the Odd
Large Sums Are Distributed
by Relief Branch of Odd
Fellows to Assist Members
NEWLY ELECTED PRESIDENT
OF THE ODD FELLOWS' RE
LIEF COMMITTEE.
CANTON. Mass., Aug. 2.— Hiram H.
Poole, a baker, was stabbed to death to
night in Sherman street by one of three
Italians. His assailants fled after the
murder, and have not been arrested. There
was a dispute of some kind and resident*
of the neighborhood were startled by
Poole's cries for help. He was stabbed
three times, twice in the neck and once
in the breast, but managed Jo stagger
Into Washington street, a distance of 500
feet, where he fell dying on the street.
Dispute Ends in Murder.
patrons, and In ten minutes' time the in
terior of the Russ House was as peaceful
as it usually Is at midnight. It is believed
that some guest, or possibly an employe
of the hotel, carelessly threw a lighted
cigarette behind the trunks and that It
eventually ignited the carpet and wood
work. The damage was nominal.
Gumpeoy in his conversation gives no
evidences of mental lncompetency and the
nurses who attended him at the McNutt
Hospital say that he showed no signs of
Insanity while there. Attendants at the
Emergency Hospital give like reports of
his conduct while at that Institution.
Gumpeoy eays that the reason he was
taken from the McNutt Hospital was that
he did not receive an expected remittance
from New York and was unable to pay
his bill to Dr. Schick.
He was visited yesterday at the hospital
by a Mr. and Mrs. Terry, who said they
were well acquainted with the young man
and his relatives. They told the attend
ants that his brother was a wealthy New
Yorker and they scoffed at the idea that
the young man was insane.
Dr. Schick, who ha'd charge of the pa
tient, is not known to the medical frater
nity of this city. It is said that he has
come here only recently from I<os An
geles. When Gumpeoy inhaled the over
dose of gas he was rooming at 334 Golden
Gate avenue. He ia entirely without
funds.
Considerable mystery surrounds the
cause of the detention In the insanity
ward of the Central Emergency Hospital
of a young man named Albert Gumpeoy,
who was taken to that institution Satur
day afternoon by a Dr. Schick, who Is
said to have sworn to a complaint that
his patient was mentally unbalanced.
Previous to his incarceration In the Insane
ward Gumpeoy was a patient at the Mc-
Nutt- Hospital, where he was treated by
Dr. Schick for the effects of gas asphyx
iation. \ ¦;'>• '¦'.. :;'<-l
OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Aug. 2.-Profane
and abusive language was directed to
ward President Roosevelt and his family
to-day as they were driving up to Christ
Church to attend the morning service.
The offender was a resident of Oyster
Bay, McCann by name. He was hustled
away from the church unceremoniously
by secret service men.
Accompanied by Mrs. Roosevelt and
two of her children, the President had
driven to the village from Sagamore Hill
to attend church, as is his custom on
Sunday mornings. Directly in front of
the church McCann was walking along
the roadside, pushing a bicycle. As the
President's carriage was about to turn
Into tHe driveway leading to the church
grounds It passed McCann. McCann.
with an oath, demanded to know whether
the President wanted the whole road.
This was followed by abusive and pro
fane language.
As the carriage stopped at the church
door the President, greatly annoyed at
the insult offered to Mrs. Roosevelt and
the children, alighted and directed the at
tention of the secret service officers to
the man and ordered that he be compelled
to leave the vicinity of the church. Mc-
Cann hesitated when ordered to move on,
but as an officer was about to stimulate
his movements he. sprang upon his wheel
and rode away rapidly.
While the Incident was annoying to the
President and his family, it is his desire
that no action be taken against the man.
.-•*. "The Wonders of Telepathy" was the
*.^heme ofoDr. Melvor-Tyndall's psyebo
'stosJeal lecture at Stelnway Hall last
•.r.ighi. There was a large audience and
/font that listened attentively to the re
.•tniirks of the speaker. .Dr. Mclvor-Tyn
. feaM**cited manv instances of telepathic
: " cornmunicaticn at long distance and ex
p!*:ped the distinction between thought
• transference and telepathy — a difference
¦ that is not generally recognized. There
w*r*» some of the marvels of the mind
• ¦whV-h Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall alone can
. ckrhftmitrate. The lecturer announced
•th^t the subject of hi6 next lecture, Sun
day* evening. August 9, .will be "The
. Pwwer of PerKua^Ion."
Tyndall Lectures.
. '• 'Manice- Meredith," that stirring play of
.-...Revolutionary times, from the i>en of the
.¦^.ate Paul !>*>iceFter Ford, was presented
;\ la? r night at th» California Theater, and
jju^ing frnm.ihe welcome it received the
\t*patergo< rs of jhis c\\x are far fmm b*>
r «^g of the ever popular piece. The
* lajrftrst "audience that has occupied the
California in many months enjoyed the
"" production fro'rn the beginning of the first
set till the. curtain fell on thi last. And.
. to sliy" the .least, the Neil-Morosco com
'.. J>any presented the drama well— indeed,
} /much fitter than was expected for a first
: '. pij^ht's 'performance.
UlUan Kemble as Janice was applauded
•jtlzfo and agSin for the graceful way in
." whifh fhe j«ortrayed the heroine of the
"•play, Her.sctingcvas of a high standard
. • arjd she piyed the part as well as any
• en? jelFe who ha* heen seen in the role
. h^e*. G**orce Poule Spencer as the leading
fc'air. fna4e a decided impression In his
* role" and was tendered a cordial recep-
Uon. Elsie Esmond, Phosa McAllister,
¦ .Thomas Oberlc. H. S. Duffield. Frank Me
• Vicars and Frt-deric Sumner all did well
"l:i "their respective ro!es and their acting
. v^s^of a high standard.
'• "the sjaging and the scenic effects of the
.'play are excellent. The plot of the play
Is well laid, and throughout la twlrvd a
; "pretty little romance of love and war that
Is at tints' pathetic and again amusing.
J[n, «lr, "Janice Meredith" is a play that
- is worth seeing, and one that always wins
¦th» favor .r>f San Francisco audiences.
p 1 large audiences greeted .tho
J .rfrformers p.t the Orpheum yesterday af
tfnruo n and Ja^t evening. With the new
¦¦h""!s the> bill was above the average and
.erf'Iause and 'merriment interrupted every
'.'¦ r.rfnber. .
.- Roberts, Hayes and Roberts did a rol
licking turn. • It was a little out of tho
• «jr<iinary and the new features and well
. Fi:<iarned p'arls were well worth the warm
• ••commendation it received. The title of
••^he sketch 'was "The Infant." It is re
plete with novelties and is one of the
.-^ best- presented for some time, pooley and
•. Ter.brooke. as singing and dancing com
ediarr.s Lrir.g a storm of applause. Both
tre eicellent Fingers and their jokes and
' - dialogue are of an order not to be ignored
,j by any audience.
JPbe great Kaufman troupe, consisting
•.of Seven bicycle artists, astonished the
-.Kpectarors. Th*y do work that has never
.•been Seen here. before. In solo trick rid
(&C .duets, trios, quadrille* or in military
-.- Sr.aneuvers they excel, and what they
• "cannot do is impossible on a wheel.
:.. Gvbrge Austin presents a fine act as a
'comedy tilre walker. He is a star at
\ trAction and adds to the tone of the bill.
• . Macart's dogs and monkeys are still a
.drawing card. James J. Morton, "a fel
low of infinite "jest." completely changes
£i«. work and is. better than on the pre
' ".ceding week^. He is one of the best
'.'monologue jiriistE that has ever come to
. the coast snd is fully appreciated. Claud
••". i'js and Corbin, banjoists, are still well
: . i«»ceired., and Mme. Konorah still mysti
'• fie£**by her wonderful mind reading and
¦• arithmetic:
: • . ' * •
.* Efra Kendall, that ever popular corne
..'••'<}itiri* "C ill begin a two weeks' engagement
. '-h\ x*.\e Columbia Theater to-night, pre
* Be'ikins: "The Vinegar -Buyer," for the first
- ,tinxe: in this city. . ..
; • ¦ ¦<¦¦¦ :- • ','„ * V •*.¦-•- • *
-. " 'Tri* Wall Street" will commence its last
\ y^f'cX at the Grand Opera-house this even.
: ins- . * i
-."The Butterflies" is the attraction of
" fered at th« Alcaxar this week, commenc
ing To-night.
...
• .." "rrhe Highwayman'* will commence its
third week at the Tivoli to-night.
"Under the Red G!ob«" and "The Three
Ifciskeeters" are on the board* at Fisch
/¦r's Theater for the week commencing to
'. nigtit.
. "Xorah." the great Russian play, is of
. fered 'at the Central Theater this week,
''•cbnynencinf to-night.
• ';¦¦¦• : .. m ¦_¦- • 'r--\
, ' An entire "charge of bill has been made
_. ia tlje programme at the Chutes Theater
!.fr»r the week commencing to-night.
There can be no doubt that the planting and
growing of this tree as an honor to the patri
otic dead and to his memorable deeds will
contribute its, influence In serving not only to
make American citizenship more dltrnlfled and
honorable, but also to maintain and perpetu
ate for all time to come the union and au
thority of the I'nlted States of America.
Past Post Commander J. Murray Bailey
followed with the reading of "American
Order of Nobility" and memorial verses
to General Thomas. Officer of the Day A.
J. VlfTing read appropriate selections from
the Scriptures and the ••Proclamation of
Peace." Chaplain C. II. Osborn delivered
the prayer of dedication, and the veterans
joined "in singing '"'We Are Tenting To
night on the Old Camp Ground."
Mrs. J. Murray Bailey recited "Thomas
at Chickamaupa." after which the post
commander dedicated the tree according
to the ritual. The comrades each cast a
handful of sod around the roots of the
tree, and the services ended with the
hymn "America."
It is a memorial tree, pig-nifleant of brave
nnd loyal obedience to the command of the na
tion always and everywhere, since the obli
gations of citizenship are not restricted to time
or place or to the conflict of arms. It gives
encouragement for the future, since the recog
nition and approval It Klves of patriotic fidelity
and bf-roism -will be an Incentive for the dis
play of public valor and virtue in all coming
tlm»$.
Mrs. Wilson, the donor, made the pre
sentation address, and in reply Senior
Vice Commander Selden Sturges accepted
the gift In the following speech:
In the name of «.Jeorg<> H. Thomas Post and
my comrades of the Grand Army of the Re
public, representing as they do all «oldier» and
Bailor* who defended the Integrity and Au
thority of the nation. I thank you for the rift
of this beautiful tree and its tablet, to stand
a memorial of the post and its namesake, I
trust, for tenerations of time to come. Its
vc-y Filence i* impressive. Without articulate
speech, it in eloquent. It need* few word*. It
is itself an oration. It assures us and all who
virlt this sacrfd spot that the illustrious and
intrepid Thomas is held in remembrance with
all those tiead who Rave their livea for the
'security of the citizen and the union of the
States.
The planting and dedication of a tree do
nated by Mrs. Sarah H. Wilson to the
memory of General George II. Thomas by
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, Grand
Army of the Republic, occurred yesterday
afternoon at the Fan Francisco National
Cemetery at the Presidio. The ceremo
nies were elaborate and interesting, and
a large number of the members of the
post and their friends witnessed the exer
cises.
A few minutes after 6 o'clock last even-
Ing a cry of. "fire"' in the Russ House
startled the guests of that, hostelry, and
for a time a small panic prevailed -within
the walls of the establishment. The ma
jority of the guests had just finished their
dinner and were in their rooms when one
of the lodgers was heard rushing along
an upper floor toward the stairway shout
ing "flre" at ths top of his voice.
The warning was heard by Manager
Newman and the bell boys in the hotel
office on the first floor, and they were
quick to realize the expediency of prompt
action. Unfortunately for their purpose,
however, they could not immediately lo
cate the man who had sent up the cry.
and It was several minutes before. they
discovered that. the cause of the alarm
was on the top floor. Reaching that part
of the hotel they found the carpet and
woodwork behind two trunks Jhat were
standing in a hallway burning. A still
alarm was sent in to the flre patrol, which
quickly responded, and in a few minutes
the blaze was extinguished.
Meanwhile, however, the greater num
ber of the guests had rushed wildly from
their rooms and were frantically search-
Ing for flre escapes and other means of
exit from the hotel, of which there are
many. Not a few of the guests made a
hurried appearance partly disrobed, and
one male lodger, who happened to be
bathing at the time the cry of "flre" was
heard, abandoned all thought of modesty
and for a minute or so played an unap
preciated role of Adam along the corridor
on which his room is located. He was
suddenly brought to a realization that
modern ethics, even in such trying times
as a panic in a city hotel, demand that
guests of the latter conform to dress
rules, and he hastily retreated to his room
to meditate at his leisure over the ridicu
lous spectacle he had furnished for the
other guests of the Russ.
With the assistance of his help Manager
Newman finally quieted the anxiety of his
•.Clever" Specialties- at the
./ ' c ..Orpheum Win Much
:.;"•: .• . Applause.
Is Being Held for Examina
tion Into His Mental
Condition.
Interesting Services Are
Conducted at the
Presidio.
Disgraceful Conduct Before
Chief Executive's Wife
and Family.
Careless Cigarette Smoker
Disturbs Peace of
Hostelry.
Gift of Mrs. Wilson Is
Dedicated to General •
Geo. H. Thomas.
Lodgers of Russ House
Thrown Into Panic
by an Alarm.
Cyclist Directs a Flood
of Profanity at Mr.
Roosevelt.
Mystery Surrounds His
Incarceration in
Lii Hospital.
• Enthusiastic Playgoers
•" :*. Welcome "Janice
\>V '* -Meredith."
GREAT AUDIENCE
AT CALIFORNIA
CLAIM GUMPEOY
IS NOT INSANE
ABUSIVE WORDS
FOR PRESIDENT
VETERANS PLANT
MEMORIAL TREE
CRIES OF FIRE
STARTLE GUESTS
THE SAN -FBANOISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, ' 1903.
NEW PRESIDENT
OF COMMITTEE
IS INSTALLED
7
'. '' ADYEKTISEMEHTS.
\\ Eczema
' • ' * Salt Rheum. Rinsrworm, Itch,
•." *" Ach£ or other skin troubles,
'.-. ' promptly re! ieved and cured by
lijr
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
• disease germs. Used and
.: -endorsed by the medical
.. profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
\ at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
.. my signature. Accept no
, substitutes. Address
9^ c!^£*E? sh P -^*
. RCr /Valuable Booklet «« (be
rnm-K. ttreatmfnt of dl»e*»»«*
Dninrtx DON'T PAIL TO
i aiaVW see the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
flfifi . ' ' room, the EMPIRE
flliU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM.the
II rafl fi LOUIS XV PAR-
uiauu LOR^ tLnd the LA .
U j. t DIES' WRITING
Hotels r oom.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
Tb* tiert Beacon b*-rln« Aurust *. 19CS.
UOEEBT Q. KL.N.VA, S. J.. President.
i
AMTJSEMEITCS. *
TO-NIOHT AND THROrGHOtT THE
WEEK— SATURDAY MATINEE.
Third Week of
CAMILLE O'ARVJLLE
The Qup*n of Comic Op«ra, tn i»c !>p<»cial en-
• '¦ ' ffagement for Smith & De ]Joven"s
• Masterpie<?e,
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
IT CHARMS BIG" CROWDS NIGHTL.T.
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QU1LLER.
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM. • EDWARD
WEBB. FERRIS HAUTMAN. ANNIK MY-
ERS. BERTHA DAVIS. AIMEE LEICESTER
and Special Cast. . . .
Th« Next Attraction- Will Be *
"THE 7OBTUITE TUJ^tEB."— •»
POn;UR PRTCES— 2.V. 5O,n 75c.
Tflephoite Bush 9. .
f* $% 1 I ? iyi «5c § *\ *** F?AY3'SCi"5
TWO "WEEKS— BEGINNING TO-NIGHT. 1^
EVERT NIOIJT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
PYD A "The Comedian
Lj£4flvA Ydji AH KupVv.*'
KENDALL
In H!a Great StarrtnK Com^djr Succvs. * .
"THE VINEGAR BUYER"
A LICENSE FQR LAUGHTER, » *
Llebler & Co.. % Manager*
¦ • • * •
Vigorous 'Vaudeville.
The Great Kaufmann Troupe; Uople?
and Tenbrooke; Roberts, Hayes
and Roberts; (Jebrge Austin*; Jln^e.
Konorah; James J. Morton; Ma-
cart's Dogs and Monkeys; Clau-
dius and Corbin and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 2.V: Balcony, 10c; Box SeaU,
and Opera Chairs, f>0c.
fALilFORNIft
B m Greatest Dramatic Bargain, f&Sa
Vy Ever Offer-d— TO-NIGHT, § 1
2TEIX.2.-KOBO3CO CO. 9 *
nc Presenting: Paul Leicester _ —
if) Ford's Matchles4 Romance of 7.1
the Revolution. ** v
.50 JAjnCS UEEEDITH. <«O
• Fir»t time at less than $2
9 1 prices. Now at 25c. 50c. 75c.' O «x
•*'*' Bargain Matinee Thursday. •*** '
25c and 50c. Tuesday even- .
Ing, Anjr. 4,,'EaEles' Night.
Yri' Nt-Xt Sunday niijht, "A SP"i
111! ROYAL FAMILY." * JL,
1 1 H EAT R1J
! -¦!¦!, ,| I I !¦ - - ¦¦ IBM*
L aw fly i rwfiai B '' asco •*
Proprietors.
Market Street. Near E\'?ath/ Phone- Sooth 533.
I 'j\i "¦-•-."" TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Edwin Arden's
Powerful Russian Drapia,
ZOBAH .
. — WITH—
HERSCHEL MAYALL as RABBI ISRAEL
i\ FRANCOS.
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON as ZORAH. *
Gorgeous Scenic Effects! Splendid Costumes!
Brilliant Cast!
DDirCC EVENINGS lOoto 5Oc
! I ttlVC O MATINEES 10c. 15c, 25c *
Monday. August 10— "MAN'S EXEMT." *
GPANpg&Sli
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST SIX STia-HTS
RAYMOND AND .CAVBRLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company in
IN WALL STREET
ISe»ct Sunday INIgfit
The Rogers Brothers' Siiccesa of Last Season,
••IIN H/\R\//\RD" '
A Gorgeous. Novel and Beautiful production.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES— 25c. 50c. ?Cc. '
a f f\ A rj A T^Belasco & Mayer
ALCAZAR E^Price.
Gen. Mgr. a
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY. *
LAST WEEK BUT ONE OF
WHITE WHITTLESBY
In the Dellzhtful Modern Comedy,
THE BUTTERFLIES
Evg, 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. tc S«t. 13c to 50c.
Next Monday— Farewell Week of the WHIT-
TLESEY Engagement.
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Monday. Aug. 17 — The Greatest of Rural Playa
THE DAIRY FARM.
The Last Week Besins To-night of the Great
Combination Bill. »
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"- f
— AND—
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS:"
Don't Delay Getting Seats. * • :
Our "AU-star" cast, including,
KOLB «nd DILL. •
BARNEY BERNARD. ¦
WINFIKLn BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
RESERVED SEATS— Night. 25c. POc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Seats are now on sale fnr next Monday and*
the rest of the engagement of "THE BIO LIT-
TLE PRINCESS" and -QUO VASS ISS." the
next splendid double bill. Literally tilled with
originalities. ' *
Lester and Cur tin; Little Blossom;
The Three Kuhns, and a Great
Show Every Afternoon and Eve-
ning in the Theater. ffi»ai
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE '
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY AND HIS
COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE. BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATETJB NIGHT THURSDAY.
' ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. .V-.
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.UVER.UJNGS.
a©aftB©sioE5OHeEOEiCBoaoa©a»H®a©B©B©E3OH*neBeEiesa€»B«HOH©BOB9B©noaose2OBOi
• r^ ' t y^ y \
A POLISH CUSTOM j
By KOWALSKI , i
9 ~ ¦ ' ¦ i ]
Call Art Supplement, August 9, 1903 j
"The "Wedding Party," by Kowalski, illustrates the Polish form of a j
custom which exists in almost every civilized and many semi-civilized /; :¦¦,.'<
countries. \ ]
In the agricultural districts of Poland, where horses are most neces- '
sary to cover long distances over the broad steppes, it is most natural I
that the wedding procession should take the form of a "promenade en j
voiture." It is such a scene, full of life and gayety, that is % depicted in '
the picture reproduced in .the art supplement. Laughing faces, bright i^\
color and lively movement combine to give the scene a character of joy- '
ousness and a "go" seldom found in pictorial representations. |
• "The Wedding Party," which is at present exhibited at the Chicago J
Art Institute, is the property of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bosenbaum of Chi- i
cago, and is held in high favor. * j
Cut this description out of the paper and paste it on the back of the picture after it is framed, | "'
This beautiful picture will be offered FREE, as usual, of course, ;
with the next Sunday issue of THE CALL. ; |
All Newsdealers Sell The Sunday Call!
And it would be well to place your order early, as the supply is limited. '
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
_____ The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Gall Art Supplements: „_ __^ !
SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mier & ton Racket Store, 711 East Main street; SAN DIEGO— XV. P. Fuller & Co 71 I
Co., 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Oage's art store, 509 East Main street; F street. ' * <
store. 817 K street. WflsviiiE ' cf W^lSn " FRESNO-Sronce & Dick. I
M P AVv A c£ff IA '" H - Gutermute - J '^ o'aKLAND^I I'?/ SaaSfia Tele- REDDING-W. . H. Bergh. "Bergh j
M. -Wyckon*. . graph avenue; A. A- Barlow, 369 Twelfth furniture Company"; T. J. Houston. I
SAN JOSE-~<3eorge Denne, M. JJen- f t r / e^. j Houston Furniture Company. I
zen & Son. ALAMEDA-C. P. Magaguos, 1353 REDWOOD CITY— W. U Kline. |
STOCKTON— Morris Bros. 1 Book- Park street. . SANTA CRTJZ— H. B. Irish Cooke <
store, 20 North Eldorado, street; Stock- CHICO—Fetters & Williams. Bros., F. R. Hew, George Hoban. j
lAHABAHftflnliAHfiniiFABAHA BAHHMAIIABAHAHAIAHAflA lAlAHftBAMAlAIADAIIIIADA iPORTLAND, Ore.. Aug. 2.— Thlelman was
easy for San Francisco to-day, while Hodson
kept his hits scattered. Both teams played
a loose fielding game. The errors of the lo
cals proved more costly than their opponents.
Bcore: ;>'::; ' ¦¦ ¦ >^ H E
San Francisco... 3 0 1 3 0 0 0 0.1— 8 14* 7
Portland 2 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0—4 10 3
¦Batteries— Hodson and Kelly; Thielman and
Vlgneux. Umpire— Levy. . ...,
-SEATTLE. Wash..- Aug. 2.— Sacramento
batted Semple out of the box in the first five
innings, and . Carrick ; fared . but ,> little • better.
The errors of the locals were also costly. Score:
R." H.' E.
Seattle 00001200 0—3 11 6
Sacramento .... 3000300 2 1 — 0 13 0
San Francisco Batsmen Find Him for
' Fourteen Safe Hits. ¦ '
THIELMAN PROVES EASY.
It is to be regretted that a great number
of these writing ladles affect a rather vul
gar taste and luxuriate in picture of in
delicate and ambiguous love affairs, with
details calculated to arouse sensation
rather than satisfy the demands of the
psychologist and the poet. Some of them
indeed are very bright and clever, but
others seem to consist of mere "nerves"
and "senses." The question principally is
one of culture, or rather want of culture.
These ladies lack moral, and, in a certain
sense, intellectual culture, too. Strong
protests have been made by their own
sex against the deterioration of woman
hood Involved in their explanations on
dubious female characters. Talent varies,
and it happens that small offenders are
hanged where great ones are let off, but
the fact is one of many proofs how bad
an . educator naturalism has been.— The
Athenaeum.'
The Degenerate "Lady" Novelist.
Third rare- — Sister Lillian, Jean
ItrcUliini, Jake.
Fourth race— Baa d'Or, Mi.in Mae
Hay. Stand Pat.
Fiftli race— Pretenmon, Orient,
Lord Herraence. ;
Sixth race— Galanthni. Daddy
llender, Immortelle.
According to the report of the tenement
house committee. New York City, below
the Harlem, Is the most densely populat
ed city in the world. In 1S95 Manhattan
had 143.3 population to the acre. Paris
comes next, with a density of 125.2 per
acre .and Berlin follows with 113.6. Ac
cording to estimates based on the above
total, one district In the Eleventh Ward
cant&lned as many as 9S6.4 persons to
every one of Its thirty-two acres. It may
be that these figures are equaled in sora-:
parts of the world, but the information at
hand indicates only one district approach
ing this— a part of Bombay, which had In
1SS1 a population of 756 to the acre, in an
area of forty-six acres.
It should be noted, however, that th»
Asiatic density is much more oppressive,
as it is spread over much less floor space,
the New York buildings having more sto
ries. The densest small section of Eu
rope seems to be the Josefstadt, or
Prague, with a population of 485.4 to the
acre.
Density of Population.
The Swiss-Italian Club held a prize
shoot for the members of the various
Swiss societies of the State in honor of
the centennial of the province of Tldno,
Switzerland. The affair was under the
management of Louis Hauser, F. Wehr
len, O. Imdorf, A. Rahwyler, Frank Suter
and James Scheibli.
The California. Schuetzen Club and the
Elntracht Schuetzen held monthly medal
and bullseye contests, and the pistol an
nex of the California Club held a contin
uous prize shoot.
Al Gehret, the consistent shot, was high
man in the California Schuetzen Club
with the good score of 215 and 226 In each
of his ten-shot strings. Otto Bremer
was high in the champion class, with 222
and 210 to his credit. In the second class
W. F. Blasse led his competitors with 214
rings. In the third class George Richmil
ler's runs of 210 and 207 were exception
ally good. For the fourth, class Max Ko
lander was far ahead of his competitors
with a total of 207 rings in ten shots.
In the Elntracht Schuetzen Club Cap
tain Fred A. Kuhls carried off the cham
pion m'edal with a score of 404 rings. John
Zahn was the winner of the Brehm tro
phy.
Martin F. Blasse was the champion on
the pistol target; making 92 and 87, being
followed by J.' Kullmann with 86 and 84.
Following are the scores:
California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
contest: First champion class — Otto Bremer,
222. 210; A. Strccker. 210, 210. Second cham
pion fclass^ — Al. Gehret. 215. 226; John L.
Utacnlr. 216: A. Rahwyler. lei. 131: T. J. Car-
The rifle range at California Schuetzen
Park presented a busy appearance yester
day as the eager marksmen crowded for
ward to the shooting stands in their en
deavor to place a good score to their rec
ords.
Swiss-Italian Club Holds Prize Shoot
on Marin County Range.
. Oakland— . Los Angeles—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
O'Hra.cf 3 0 0 3 0 Hoy. cf * 0 2 2 0
Frnks.Bs 3 0 0 0 1 Wheel,2b 4, 0 0 3 2
Murdk.rf 4 0 0 0 0 Smith, 3b 5 2 3 0 1
Pchwz,3b 4 1 1 0' 2 Dlllon.lb 5 12 0 0
Bxter,2b.3 1 1 3 4 Crav'h.rf '4 2 110
Mkmn.lf 4 2 2 1 0 Ross, If 5 1 2 3 0
Gorton, c 4- 2 2 B o Toroan.is 3 0 0 16
Mesry.lb 4 1 0 13 1 Hurlbt, c 5 0 2 5 0
Cooper.p 3 0 11 7 Newtn.p 4 0 10 2
••Lohm'n 1 0 10 0 — — —
: Totals. 39 6 13*24 10
' Totals.33 7 8 27 15
•None out when Vlnnlng run was scored.
••Batted for Cooper in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 1 1 0 3 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 23 2 03102 0—13
Oakland 0 4 0 0 00. 0 0 3—7
Base hits 0 4 10 010 0 0 3— S
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Ross. Errors — Newton 3,
O'Hara,. Moskinan, Cooper, Messerly. Dillon.
Three-base hits— Dillon. Hurlburt. Two-base
hits — Hoy, Schwartz, Gorton, Newton, Mos
klman. First base on errors— Los Angeles 1.
First base on called balls— Off Cooper 4, off
Newton 2. Left on bases — Oakland 5, Los An
geles 11. Struck out— By Cooper 5, by New
ton 4. Hit by pitcher— Baxter, Toman. Double
play— Cooper to Baxter to Messerly. Passed
ball— Hurlburt. Time of game— One hour 50
minutes. -Umpire— O' Connelly
SCHUETZEN PARK RESULTS.
The morning game was a close one
throughout and was bitterly fought. Both
Newton and Cooper got their beatings,
and, to make matters worse, the Angel
south wing artist rolled up three errors to
his account All these helped the Cripples
to tife the Bcore. In the ninth tho Cripples
made ono mighty effort and managed to
bring In the winning run on a couple of
hits with no one out. The score:
Cripples Rally in Ninth.
Detroit • 1 8 0
Batteries — SudhofT and Kahoe; Kissinger and
McGulre.
Cincinnati O 3 C
Chicago 5 6 1
Batteries — Harper snd Peitz; Wicker and
Kling. Umpire — Moran.
ST. LOUIS, Aur- 2— By pounding Dunleavy
out of the box and treating his successor.
Rhoades. Just a« harshly, the Plttsburgs won
the first tame of the double-header from St.
Louis to-day. Rain stopped the Fecond game
in the second Inning with honors even, each sidj
having scored a run. Attendance, 14,200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 10 1
Pittsburg 13 14 1
Batteries — Dunleavy, Rhoades and Ryan:
Kennedy. Veil. Smith and Weaver. Umpire —
O'Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
* CHICAGO. Aug. 2.— Chicago again shut out
Cleveland in a game full of excellent hitting
and sensational fielding. The visitors excelled
in fielding and the locals In hitting and baze
rur.nlng. Attendance, 8000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7 0
Cleveland 0 5 3
Batteries— White and Slattery; Pearson, Joss
and Abbctt.
PT. LOUIS. Aug. 2.— St. Louis won the first
game from Detroit to-day. 3 to 1. the second
being stopped in the second inning by a severe
thunderstorm. Sudhoff pitched for St. Louis
in the opening came and had the beet of
Kissinger all around. Donovan had St. Louis
1 to 0 when the second game was called. At
tendance, 8500. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 9 0
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 2. — Cincinnati's errors
lost the last pajne cf the series to Chicago
to-day. Bojh pitchers were in fine form. Wick
er had the best of it, allowing the locals only
three hits, and not a local player reached sec
ond base. Attendance, 8000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago Wins Five to Nothing and
Not One of the Losing Team
Reaches Second.
CINCINNATI'S EBE0BS
LOSE LAST GAME OF SERIES
R. H. E.
Spokane 00 5 00000 x — 5 6 0
Los Angel.es. ..0 01000000—1 6 2
Batteries — Hogg and Hansen; Thatcher, Hll
debrand and Whitney. Umpire — Warner.
TACOMA, "Wash.. Aug. 2. — The morning
game was an exhibition of slovenly fielding,
the feature being the pitching of Loucks, who
was put In for Tacoma In the third inning
with a two-run handicap. He allowed but one
hit during the remainder of the game and did
not Issue a pass. An error and a passed ball,
which gave life to a man who struck out, al
lowed Helena two runs while Loucks was in
the box. Duke Carter was hit hard, Byers
pounding out eleven -bases In five times up.
The afternoon game was a pitchers' battle be
tween Loucks and Thompson. Helena won in
the eighth on a single, a gift and Hannlvan's
error In fielding. Attendance, morning game
000; afternoon game. 1000. Score:
First game — R. H. E
Helena 320002000—7 5 5
Tacoma 30202200 x — 0 14 6
Batteries — Carter and Carrlsch; Blewett,
Loucks and Byers.
Second game — R.- H. E
Helena ; 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0— 2 7 \4
Tacoma 00100000 0 — 1 6 2
Batteries — Thompson and Carrlsch; Loucks
and Byers. Umpire — Huston.
SEATTLE. "Wash.. Aug. 2. — Seattle and
Salt Lake broke even on a double-header to
day. Hickcy won his first game so easily
that he was put in again. He was hit freely
In the second game and his support was
ragged. \\ ith the game hopelessly lost Kllnk
hammer was put in to try out. Quick was
In fine form. Attendance, 4500. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
Seattle 0 0 2 0 0 0 1 0 X— 3 8 0
Salt Lake ...,. 00000000 0—0 3 . 2
Batteries — Hick»y and Hurley; "W'lggs and
Anderson.
Second game — ¦ R. H. E.
Seattle 003000000—3 5 7
Salt Lake 21103103 0—11 14 2
Batteries — Ilickey, Klinkhammcr, Hurley;
Quick and Shea.
BUTTE, Mont., Augv 2. — Butte took two
games from San Francisco to-day, splitting
even on the series. In the first game all the
pitchers were hit freely. Pflester retiring in
the fourth inning. In the second, Dowling had
the highbinders at his mercy. Attendance,
3500. Score :
First game— R. H. E.
Butte 11232001 x— 10 13 2
San Francisco.. 130001010—6 11 3
Batteries — Thomas and Swindells; Pflester,
Glendon and Zearfoss.
Second game — R. H. E.
Butte 11013 0000—0 12 0
San Francisco.. 001000011—3 8 0
Batteries — Dowllng and Swindells; Stovall
and Zearf oss. Umpire^ — Colgan.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 2. — Spokane bunched
their hits off Thatcher in the third inning, win
ning tho game. Hogg pitched great ball. Each
pitcher struck out eight men. Attendance,
3300. Score :
Wins the First One Easily, but
Loses the Second.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
HICKEY PITCHES TWO GAMES.
place was in an uproar. But Willie
O'Hara caused Gorton to be caught at the
plate by his poor bunt, and a moment
later Messerly was caught doing a living
picture act at third. Then Buck Francks
swiped three times, but in vain, so the
Cripples tallied not. The score:
Oakland— ( Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AU. R. H. P. A.
O'Har, cf 4 O 0 2 6 Hoy. cf . . 4 1 3 2 0
Frncks.s. 4 0 0 2 4 Wheelr.p 3 0 0 0 2
Murdk.rf 4 0 0 2 0 Smtth.Sb. 6 0 2 2 1
Schwz.3b 4 0 10 2|Dlllon.lb 4 1 2 11 0
Baxtr.2b. 3 0 0 0 2 Cravth.rf 4 0 110
Moskm.p 3 0 0 16 Ross, If. 3 0 2 1 0
Gorton.lf 3 0 11 0 Toman, 8 2 0 0 2 2
Lohmn.c. 2 0 0 2 llSplen, c. 4 0 0 7 1
Mesrly.lb 3 0 1 17 0 Corbt,2b. 4 0 0 12
Totals. 30 0 3 27 14| Totals. 34 2 10 27 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
Baee hits 1 0 5 1 0 1.2 0 0—10
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits .0 0 2 0 0 0 1 0 0^ — If
SUMMARY, .
Stolen bases — Smith 2, Dillon.. . Errors — Dil
lon. Baxter, Lohman. Three-base hit — Hoy.
Sacrifice hits — Toman, "Wheeler 2. First ba6e
on error— Oakland. First base on called balls
— Off Mosklman 3. Left on bases — Oakland 4,
Los Angeles 10. Struck out — By Mosklman 2,
by Wheeler 0. Hit by pitcher — Lohman. Time
or tn me — 1 hour and 65 minutes. Umpire —
O'Connell.
Batteries — Semple, Carrick and Boettiger;
Thomas and Graham.
The only tallies of the game came
through in the third round. Dummy Hoy
opened it with a saucy slap that was a
bit too torrid for Moose's liking. Wheeler
was there with a sacrifice and Smith with
a hit, sendine the little man around as
far as th« third sack. •>.
Dillon hit a high one that took a course
in the direction of short center. O'Hara
started to corral it, but stopped Just an
instant too soon. While he was busily en
gaged saying a few things for his own
benefit the Dummy quietly slipped home.
Then Smith became absent-minded' and
was caught off second. Soon after Cra
vath tore off a hit and so did Ross, and
their combined strength sent Dillon home.
In their half of the same round the
Cripples all but accumulated a few.,Gor
ton singled, Messerly did likewise and
Uncle Peter was hit by the pitcher. ¦¦; The
sacks could not hold another and no man
was yet put out. The fans yelled and the
'Twas mainly through the efforts of that
stately and dramatic personage, Mr.
Wheeler, *dnce of Philadelphia and later
of Syracuse, that the game wa3 landed
safely In the clutches of Mor!ey. Mr.
Wheeler was anxious for another whirl In
his old-time place on the slab. Ills wish
was gratified, and hence the Cripples went
home without experiencing the delight of
having any of their number touch the
home plate.
For a man who has not entered the box
for months the performance of Wheeler
was nothing short of a raging .sensation.
He did not allow a single batter to amble
to the first bag on called balls, and al
lowed them but three scattered safe hits.
In addition, seven of the' Cripples perfor
ated the sunlight. The fans will agree
that Wheeler pitched one of the best
games of the season.
Dr. Mosklman also .performed well,
though at times he was buffed end cuffed
around in a manner to make him think of
better days he had enjoyed on the slab.
Ten times the Angels found him easy, but
poor work on the bases and good work on
the part of the Cripple fielder* kept the
runs down to one pair. ' . /
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.) .
TV. L. Pet. • W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles.69 40 .«35 Seattle 47 59.443
San Fran 6« 49 .575 Portland 44 69 .427
Sac"mento ...59 52 .5iJ Oakland 4S 72 .400
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet. | W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles.. 53 36 .620; San Fran 49 47 .510
Butte 57 37 .GOtiiTacoma 40 54 .426
Spokane 55 33 .58(5 Helena 33 57 .3ti7
Seattle 50 43 .WsiEalt Lake 11 19 .307
THE first Angel-Cripple baseball se
ries has become a matter of his
tory. The fans will gossip for
some time over the question of
how Peter's Infirm followers took
two out of six games from the leaders. On
Saturday they v.on and at Oakland
yesterday while the day was but a few
hours old they landed again, 7 to 6. The
afternoon fight brought joy to the hearts
of the southerners and the result was 2
to 0.
Good ball, a little poor ball and some ex
citing ball was on the cards during the
Recreation Park contest. The Angels were
far the better In every department of the
game and they won just because -it was
their due. In hitting, they were there all
the time. No man on the team erred till
the last spasm, when the eloquent Mr.
Dillon made a vain attempt to scoop up a
low one from brother Joe at second.
THREE MEMBERS OF THE DOS ANGELES BASEBALL, TEAM WHO HAVE BEEN INSTRUMENTAL IN CAP
TURING FOUR OUT. OF SIX GAMES IN THE SERIES COMPLETED YESTERDAY WITH THE OAKLAND
CRIPPLES. THE SAME TEAMS WILL PLAY HERE THIS WEEK. )
The open class singles tennis tourna
ment, held under* the auspice* of the.
Golden Gate Tennis Club on the" park
course yesterday, was productive of some
interesting matches.
Play was confined to the . first and.
fourth classes. The players were so rui
merous It was Impossible to finish either
class. In the first class seven of the nlnrf
entered competed. R. N. Whitney arjd
Will Allen, the class *'A" men c* tlta
first class, who were put "15" *ack of f
scratch, withdrew. The remaining play
era met on even terms. Charles Dunlap
and George Baker, the University of Cali
fornia crack, reached the final an'd wllf
play next Sunday.
In the fourth class play was .complet
ed down to the semi-final round. The font
successful players were Melville Long. J.
Iv. Turner, J. C. Crooks and L. S. HoweM.
By far the best match In thfs class wrf3
that between Melville Long and C. 3.
Skaggs. Each had won" the cup once 'and
they are considered the strongest men tn
their class. I^oner. after a hard struggle,
finally beat Skaggs. His chances of win
ning the finals are considered good. ThaSe
two youngsters played * remarRaBly good
game for fourth-cjass player*.
The feature of the day was .the. gama
played by Charles Dunlap. of tha first
class. He showed excellent-form and won.
all his matches in clever fashion. Routh,
Code and Adams were all beaten by Dun
lap in straight sets. The defeat or Sher*
wood Adams, the California. Club 'cracK.
was a surprise. v ." -v » ".
Baker also was in good form and. aia
not lose a set. He first beat George Bate*
and then took L.arenoe Grlffln Into camp.
The litter played in the first class -for fno
first time and ' was in company a trine
too fast for him. . .' ' - •
The remaining- matches will be P 1^"**?
next Sunday, when the second an* third
classes will also be played.
The tournament, as far as played, re
sulted as follows:
First class: Preliminary round — Charle*
Dunlap beat James Code. 6-4. 6-4.. First round
—Harry Routh won from R. N. Whitney by
default: Charles Dunlap beat Sherwood Adams.
6-:$ 7-. r >; Clarence Griftln won from Will Allen
by 'default; George Bak»r beat Geor*p Bat ,'*'«
6-2. «-a Semi-finals— bunlap beat Routh.- b-V.
6-4; Baker beat Griffin. 6-2. H-."i. •
Fourth clasn: Preliminary round — G. -L. nan
beat E. W. Hall. tt-2. HI: C. Skagss beat L.
Joseph. 6-4. 6-.1; H. Getz b*at P. Meyers. 6-42.
4-r,. 6-2; L. S. Howell brat R. H. -Grifflrti*. h-2.
6-2- M. A. Edwards beat M. V. Little, tt-1. 7-5;
D B Catton beat W F. Stapff by rtefaujt :. ».
D Breen beat S. Hamilton by default; J. K.
Turner beat H. Heilborn. 6-1. «-2; E. M-. Bo
rough beat G H. Irvini? by default': L: Gunst
beat W L. Howell by default; A. M. Donovan
beat W. H. Johnson. 6-3. 6-4 Fh-st round— M.
Long beat W. H. Martin by default; Skag\n
beat G Hall fi-4, o-l. 6-4; Howell beat Getz,
2-6 6-3 6-4; Edwards beat Catton. 6-2. 3-«.
6-4- Turner beat D. Green «-l. B-3; Gunst be'at
Borough. 6-3. 6-3; Dr. Lovegrove beat. Dono
van 6-1. 4-6. 6-2; J. C. Crooks beat W.. Mur
phy* 6-4. 6-0. Second round — Long beat
Skaggs. 6-4. 6-8, 6-4: Howell beat Edward*.
«-4, tj-4; Crook3 beat Lovegrove. 6-4. 3-C. 7-5;
Turner beat Gunst, 6-2. 3-6. 8-6.
On the California Club courts the fol
lowing matches were played:
Grant Smith beat Ray Cornell. 6-4. 6»1, 6-3,
6-2 «-3: E. P. Robbins beat Spring. 6-1. tt-4;
Butler and Salisbury beat Parker and Hgds
kinson, 9-9 6-1, 6-4; A. W. Worthington beat
W S. Bull.' 6-4. C-l. 6-2; H. Gabriel beat L. C.
Bozarth. ti-3, 3-6, 6-3; C. Kuehn beat H. Pun
nett. 6-3. 6-2. H-2; Gabriel anil Bozarth beat
Robbins and Spring. 8-6. 7-0. 6-3; O. N. Arma
by tied Kuehn. 3-H. 6-4; Salisbury tied W. 3.
MacGavin. 6-3. 4-0.
CORINTHIANS CBTJISE
TO THE DRAW BRIDGE
More Than a Dozen Pleasure Craft
Hailing From Tiburon Drop An- "
chor in Petaluma Creek.
The fleet of the Corinthian Yacht Club
returned to moorings yesterday after
noon after a successful and pleasant
cruise to Petaluma drawbridge.
The pleasure craft left Tiburon at va
rious times on Saturday afternoon and
dropped anchor below the drawbridge
during the evening. The yawl Frolic left
the cove rather late and came to anchor
in Petaluma Creek about a mile below the
rest of the fleet. Yesterday morning she
got sail up and Joined the fleet, which in
cluded the flagship Edna, the sloops
Speedwell, Emma, Meteor. Mlgnon.
Amlgo, Cupid, Freda, Aeolus, Genesta,
Presto and Truant.
The yachts began to move at about 9:30
o'clock yesterday morning, and by 11
o'clock; the whole fleet was under way.
"When the open bay was reached there
was a stiff breeze, and the ebb tide
caused a considerable sea. Oft McNeara
Point the wind grew light, and In Rac
coon Straits had almost dropped. All
managed, however, to reach moorings
without mishap, though the sloop Freda,
flying the new flag of the port captain,
was towed in.
Many boats of the San Francisco and
California yacht clubs cruised In the up
per bay yesterday or dropped anchor In
Paradise Cove. Among them were the
schooners 'White "\VIng3 and Chlspa, the
slcop Annie, the yawls Idler. Iola and
Seven Bells and the sloops Thelma. Jess!©
E and Pactolrss. "W. G. Morrow's sloop
Challenger reached Sausalito on Saturday
after a week's trip up the Sacramento
River.
roll, 172. 201: P. Jacoby, 153: Otto Burmeiiter,
174 108. First class— A. Utschij. 163, 20C.
Second class — George Ahrens. 166. 171: Frank
Suter 182; A. von Weyl. 1.5: J. Kullmann.
17J; W. F. Blasse. 214. ISO; John C. Waller.
182. 184: Aug. Jungblut. 204. ISO; L. J. Reu
bold. 193 203. Third class — Joseph Straub.
IB], 174- 'William Nolden. 104. 110: Charles
Sagehorn 134, 177: M. F. Ilartter. 1S8; Franlc
Rlede. 14.i. 189; F. C. Hagerup. 162. ISO; Georjr?
Rtschmlller Sr.. 207. 210; M. Reubold. 131. 14«.
Fourth class — F. Werlen. 167; Charles von
Hartwle. 181: F. J. Povey. 131, 199; Max Ko
lander 1«5. 207: John Boiler. t59. 108; H.
Dlehl 139: C. M. Rousseau. 133. 174: Fred
Levers. J33. 92: H. Scheunen. 167. 168.
Elntracht Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoof Champion class — F. A. Kuhls. 404; F.
C Hagerup. 266; L. Schmltt. 27J; John Zahrj.
353- A G. Stark, 302. First class— Otto Thile.
°43 : C von HartwUr. 344. Second class — F.
Eeeerley. 299: Otto Nagel. 244; W. Ruhser.
355 Third class — H. Schroeder. 200: C. Wal
dou" 288. First best shot — L. Schmitt. 24. La*t
best shot — C. von Hartwij, 24. Adam Brehm
trophy— John Zahn.
Pistol Club, California Schuotzen Cluh.
monthly prize shoct— M. F. Blasse. 37. 92:
George Tammeyer. 86; J. Kullmann. 86,84:
William F. Blasse, 82. 76; John C. Waller. 2J>.
28- Joseph Straub. 45. 42: Max Kolander. 70.
30- T. J- Carroll. C8. 70; John Boiler, «3, 87.
Most Pianos Made in Germany.
Germany heads the list of nations In
the manufacture of pianos, not only tn
number and cheapness, but In average of
quality. A very fine Instrument may be
bought there for $230. »There are 4C5
piano factories In Germany, of which 140
are located In Berlin. In the past twenty
years the value of exports has risen from
$1,900,000 annually to SC.llO.COO. About 40
per cent of these exports go to Great
Britain. Argentine republic comes next
in order and then Belgium. Australia,
Russia and Holland each Import about
$l,OCO,00O of German pianos yearly.
The San Francirco County Cricket Club
beat the Pacific eleven yesterday on the
Alameda ground by 105 runs. It no* stands
well at the head of the clubs In the race
for the championship pennant of 1903.
The San Francisco captain won the toss
and sent th«» Pacific team to the bat.
Bowly was the only man who scored
dcuble figures, playing an excellent not
out innings of 36. The total of the in
nings was €4. Wilkes took 5 wickets for
24 runs, while Petersen captured 2 for
1 run.
The San Francisco County team went
to thp bat in reverse order, Kortlans and
Richardson taking the last places. Rich
ardson scored 41. Kortlans 31 not out,
Johns 23. while Petersen. Wilkes and Tie
demann made double figures. The In
nings closed at 169. The Pacific men went
to the bat again, but their scores had no
effect or. th*> result of the match. The
full details foilow:
PA<:iFI« - CRICKET CLCB— FIRST INNINGS.
A. W. Wilding, b. Wilkes 0
D. H. Bowly. net out 36
E. T. Lanjjiiale. c Roivrrts, b. Wilkes 4
F.. H. I^ennnwo. b. Wilkes 6
H. C. Casidy. K Kortlans ¦&
C C V Williamson, r Richardson, b Wilkes. 0
F. Bennlon. 1. b. w.: b Kortlang 0
W. Petherick, b. Wilk»* 0
J J. Theobald. I. b. v.-.. b. Kortlang 1
Pr. O. N. Taylor, to. P#t»rsen 6
W G. Fortman. b. Peterson 0
Kyet 4. leg byes 3. wtdes 2 9
Total «
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 0,
two for 14. three for 25. four for 29. five for
34. six for S9. eeven for 44, eight for 53, nine
for t>3. ten for 64. : - j: .
BUMMARV OF BOWLING.
Bowler. Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wicket*.
Wilkes £4 24 3 6
Kortleng 72 30 2 3
Peterson 10 1 0 2
Wtlkes bowled 2 wides.
SAN FRAN'CIPCO COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.
E. G. Sloman, n:n out 7
P. R. Johru*. st. Langrdale. b. Ca&idy 23
E. Pctersen. b. Casidy 1 1
H RotwrtF. o. Williamson, b. Casidy 6
E. H. Wilkes. r. Petherick. b. Bowly 17
T. J. A. Tiedemann. run out 11
W. K. Ptewar'. b. Bennion 0
J. B. Smith, b. Bennion 0
T. J. A. Tiedrmann Jr., b. Bennion 6
B. Kortlang, not out 31
H. B. Richardson, b. Williamson 44
Byes 10, leg byes 2. wides 1 13
Total 169
Runs at th«> fall or each wicket — One for 9,
two for .'<2, three for 46. four for 51. five for S2.
Fix for 82. t^ven fcr S2, eight for S3. nine for
112. ten for 100.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. Balls. Huns. Maidens. Wickets.
Dr. Taylor 4* 30 I 0
Lannowe .... S«S 33 O O
Williamscn . . 45 15 3 1
Fortmann 42 T« 4 O
Casidy 4S 23 1 3
Howly 42 14 1 1
Bfnnlnn 60 36 0 3
I>r. Taylor bowled 1 wide.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— SECOND IN
NINGS.
Wilding, c. Kortlar.g, b. Sloman 24
Taylor, b. Petersen 11
I^annowe. b. Petersen 2
Petherick. net out 15
Bennicn. run-out 0
Theobald, not out 1
Leg bye 1 1
For four w ickets 54
Bowly. Langdale, Williamson, Fortmann and
Casidy did not bat.
Runs at the fall at each wicket— One for 36,
two fcr 36. three for 49, four for 51.
* SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. Ba.!ls. Huns. Maidens. Wicketf,.
Roberts 24 20 O O
Johns IS 10 1 0
Petersen 24 4 2 2
I Slcraan IS 19 0 1
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
shoot. Firs'! class at 200 yards — H. P. Nelson.
379- N. J. Nlelaon, 221; W. Slebe, 379: II.
Wlndmuller. 363; A. Nlehaus. 295; R. WIx
son. 350; J. Colby, 367: W. W. Thompson, 287;
F. Mante. 323; C. Otton. 358.
Second class. 200 yards — A. M. Poulsen, 322;
J. Ringen. 2»4; W. P. Patten. 172; H. Lange,
190; C. Preis. 321: A. Gay. 245; J. Louge,
246; C. A. Gewrrlne, 236; L. Murphy, 328; Dr.
B. Roche. 241; A. Ramm. 228: R. Mackle.
SCO; D. L. Hopkins. 199: A. Thompson. 3C9;
G. Larson, 2S0; O. Poulsen. 131: H. Puckhaber,
324; E. J. Farley. 169; E. Wixson, 273; P.
Paulson. 317; A. Nissen. 206.
Third class, 50 yards — G. Althausen, 251: M.
Madsen. 302: A. Krause. 2C5; J. Veva, 337;
F. Emery. 146: G. Neuwlrth. 399: O. Krause.
373- L. Doleverrne, 332; F. Schullerts. 342;
F. H. Dubols. 410; F. Bearwald. 3B3; O.
Brandt. 184; W. Guild. 394: W. Kenney. 377;
A. Schullerts, 266; H. Poulsen. 311; L. V.
Frates. 362; B. Schullerts. 327; W. Glueck,
403* G. Poulson, 389; F. Paulson. 261; G.
Hughes. 374; W. Paulson, 410; C. Paulson. 401;
M. Lytjen. 423; A. Liebscher, .*U4; V. Paul
sen 242; E. Nlehaus. 381: G. Skinner, 313.
Oakland Turner Schuetzen. monthly medal
shoot— H. Windmtller. 340; H. Loefler. 231;
B Brunge. 267: H. Krocke. 318: A. Schlueter.
301: A. Encelhardt. 242; V. Mante. 339; H.
LandgrafT, 303. vl . ,
Deutsch Krieger Verein. monthly medal
shoot. First champion class— C. Wejrgenmann.
380. Champion class— J. Bender. 3Cj. First
C ] a ,s^ — not filled. Second class— L. Lou bscner.
317. Third class-H. Hennir.ger 312. Fourth
class— C. Hartmann. 29O. Best field shot— C.
Weggenmann. 24; Best last shot— O. Danmer.
25. Most centers^ — C. Weggenmann.
Bullscye shoot-First prize. C. Weggenmann;
second prize. L. Loubscher: third prize. John
Bender: fourth prize. Hi Hennlnger, fifth
prize. C. Meyer. •
National Batteries B and C. First Artillery.
X. G. C. State shbot at 200. 300 and 300 yards—
W. B Fields 20 15, 15; E. Louatanuman. 20.
9, 7; J. & Jones. 23, 7, 11; C. J. Weatherby.
16. 15, 11; E. O. Teal. IS. 3. 13; Corporal E. F.
Tookers. 22, 18. 13; J. P. Tiret. 16, 16. V: S. N.
Androus. 17. 11. 17; W. S. Collett. 19. 17. 9;
R. F. Kelly, 11. 0. 0; E. S. Oralfenecker. 3 15.
»; G. S Osborn. 14, 7. 12; C. W. Farrow, f>, 9,
6; A. R. Codes. 12. 6, 4: Sergeant F. J. Kane.
25 22, 24; Sergeant T. McGilvery. 20. 21. 1*:
C. F. Waltham. 22. 23. 22; Sergeant H. J. Mus
grave, 25. 23, 21; \V. E. Bonifleld. 11. 0. 13; II.
W. "VVilcox, 22. 14. 12: Corporal J. E. Flynn.
21. 16. 17; Sergeant W. D. Grant, 25. 23. 21;
H. Bargerman. 15, 2, 13; Corporal George L.
Harvey, 22, 14, 16; T. Beston. 21. 22. 14; J. W.
Kirchner. 9. 6, 4: Sergeant \V. F. Unfred. 21,
21. 19; Corporal W. J. Petty. 20, 21. 19; \V.
Stromberg. 13, 19, 15; Captain George J. Pet
ty, 24, 11. 19; A. Gerdes. 15, 20. 14; Lieutenant
J. N. Ross 22, 20. 23; Corporal W. A. Me
Qultty 15. 21. 0; S. R. Aitken. 6. 9, 16r C. A.
Johnson. 11, 13. 2; F. J. Steffen. 9. It, 11; O.
R. Despair. 6. 17, 15; C. F. Bekart. .«, 0. 0; H.
I. Orth. 21 t 20. 10: A. L. S. Stewart, 8. 14. 6;
J. L Hess, IS, 15, 8; C. A. Mill*. 13. 12. 0:
M. Sllnkey. 10. 21. 17; 3. A. I>a%ls. 14, , r .. 4;
C. W. Boxtcn. 14. 0. S; F. C. Crawford, 11. t>,
8: J. C. Roberts. 21, 21. 7; C C. d<? Wolf. 2.5,
23. 22: Sergeant A. S. Hatneld, 22. 22, 18; W.
B. Graff. 8. 19. 13; S. H. Stewart. 21. 10. 24;
T. C. Bantz. 14. 20. 5; Corporal B. Hopkins,
1!>, IIS, 7; V. Helneman. 23. 13, 19; H. H. Mitch
ell. IS. 11. It; C. J. Kibbish. 17. 1<». «: T. T.
Smith. 15. 19, 8; P. L. Sawyers. 19. 7. 19; C.
F. Connors. 4, O. 4; C. "Wyman. 19. 2O. 16; J.
C. Nagle. 13. IS. 14: II. J. KalthotT. 13. 9. 5;
E. Cocke, 16. 0. 11; Sergeant \V. Galbraith. 12,
13 14; F. J. McManus. 15, 13, 11: II. W. Mitch
ell, 23, 23. 19; J. M. Brouilers. IT., 9. 8; W\ H.
Mallett, 22, H». 17; Sergeant W. W. Thompson.
24. 23. 13; Corporal W. J. Colby, 22. 2i. 21;
C Meyer. 25, 22 24; Corporal K. O. Suelflohn.
21. IS, 14; L«. Tourette. ll«. 17. 16; B. F. Suel
fllohn, 22. 15, IS; W. J. Larmlre. 2.1. 19. 16;
Captain \V. S. Grattan. 24, 20, 21; Sergeant F.
J. Povey 24, 23, 23; Sergeant A. E. Anderson,
23. 22. 1«.
Annual State tanret practice. Company H.
First Regiment Infantry. K. G. C. 2(JO yards,
three scores, five shots for each score — Captain
Thomas W. Costello. 19. 20. 22; Lieutenant J.
L. Swift. 20. 20. 23: Sergeant George Hlrslnger.
12. 14. 14; Serceant W. Robreeht. 10. 12. 14:
Sergeant E. F. Peckham. 19. 22, 19; Corporal
H. O'Suna, S. 0. 12; Corporal A. Sobey, 8. 12.
13; Corporal G. Priest. 8, 7, 10; Musician W.
Banks, 5. B, 7; Privates' I. Alvarado, 20, 16. 12;
E. Bosque, 7, 5, 12; P. Boytano. 7. 4, 9; J.
Bledsoe. «. 9. 11: H. Cohn, 10. 14, 14; S. Faaa.
U. B. 10; B. Hughes. 13. 7. 10; H. Hughes. 12,
9. 10; L. Helbush. 6. 13, 11; R. Holliday. 5, 4,
9; Tom Browne, 11, l.\ 17; Charles Kelly. 7,
5. 9; R. McKeever. 18. 18, 18; F. Navarette.
«. 14. 11: D. O'Connell. 4, «, 11; Albert Porter,
12. 19. 21: C. Walton. 6. 7. 9.
Company A. Fifth Infantry. National Guard,
monthly medal shoot— H. P. Kllnkner 46, H.
K. Zelmer 16, II. P. Ongarth 26. E- Berquest
25. C. E. Powell 26. A. Jones 2S. Sergeant WH
lard 40, Corporal H. Lawton 29, Corporal K.
Lawton 32. A. Morrison 31, Sergeant S. C. B.
King 37, B. Baker 45, Captain E. G. Hunt 44,
J. B. Martin 38. Corporal C. Smith 43.
Company F. First Infantry. National Guard,
monthly medal shoot — Captain F. Eggert 45,
Lieutenant H. Stindt 44. Sergeant Wilmart 21.
Sergeant Chester 35. Sergeant Rey 41, Lieuten
ant McCartey 37. Sergeant Branch 45. Corporal
Sevey 39, Corporal Kermode 23. Corporal Bruck
ner 14, Musician de Martini 43, Musician
Cereghino 46. Private C. WeheV 37. A. St.
Clalr 35. H. Robinson 22. F. Kern 25, A. M.
Schrick 17.
There were several military and other
organizations competing at the rifle
ranges at Shell Mound Park yesterday
and some good scores were recorded. The
weather was ideal and a large attendance
witnessed the competitions. Sergeant
Kane, Sergeant Musgrave, Sergeant
Grant. Sergeant Povey and Private Meyer
of the National Guard won honors by
making a possible 25 at 200 yards In the
State competition. Colonel J. J. O'Con
nor, N. G. C. retired, and Captain T.
W. Costello. Company H. First Regiment.
N'. G. C. fired five shots each at 200 yards
for a wager. Captain Costello won. scor
ing 19 against his opponenfs IS. out of
a possible 25.
M. Lytjcn. one of the youngest mem
bers of the Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle
Club, led the third class with <23 points.
The followir.s are the results of the sev
eral competitions:
Second Class Completed
Down to the Semi- ••
Final Round. . \
Captain Costello Defeats Col
onel O'Connor in Pri
vate Match.
Winners Have a Margin of
On3 Hundred and
Five Runs.
• ST. LOUIS ENTKIZS.
-6T. LOUIb. Auc 2.— Weather clear; track
tfo»." Untri*-*:
i-'irst race, mile and seventy yards, selling—
Margie H 101. FU»t One M. KlnTe Sister 00.
I'cymz 108. (juisant* 10^. Meddlesome 100.
Kxapo 87. tienerpl Oix 02. Edna Lowe !H. Leon
JK- M2. I-elia May 83, Beo Hempstead 103.
/.'.;¦.:.•..!- 'J$.
Second race, five furlongs. «ellinc — Our Lll-
Ile 03. JCona Daniels V0O. Easter Walters 100.
I«;sn Smith 100. Bird Bond 102. Caryota 100.
Always Faithful lo",. Bonnie ¦ Dardee 10i,
M"oot«->- Win'.erd 100, Tlomaine 102. Enigma
100. Ana-dee 107.
Tfcird rac*. elx furlongs, puree — Carna Fonso
JOf» t'ltra Vires ltK>. Sister Lillian 100. Bisuk*
107. Ranchman 105. Jake 11-', Jeane Beckham
100 l»rinc« Herman 108, Sue's Sister 107,
Whiten 100, Cautious loa.
Fourth race, one rail*, purse — Miss Mae Day
30S. Ba« d'Or 107, W. B. Gates 102. Stand Tat
1P2. Maud Gcr.nc MM.
Fifth r»«\ furlongs, purse — Black
Enough 97, Hugh McUow&a 102. Lord Her
iw;nce 11«. Ir.golthrift 110. Sartor Refcartus 102.
Orient 1C2. Angelee 107. Pretension (imp.) 107.
Sixth race, mile «nd seventy yards, selling —
Feronia 'J4. Oalanthus 100, Lady Obey 101.
.Port Warden 1M». Bendara C8. Dr. Hart lOi.
Submarine 1<«, Miss Eon SK>, Eocrys 105. Bur
lap 92, Hanan 105. Blanco ye. Immortelle S5.
ST. lyOUIS SELECTIOXS. .
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Flr«t rnee— Marble S, Arannaa,
Iten IlempKtead.
fiecond race Oar Lillle, Caryota.
A&^elee.
>*' ?.»1II*"AGO. Aug. 2. — Weather clear; track
' *f»>tr Harteai «uu>i:
'." IVirsi race. thn-e-Quarters of a rr.ile. selling —
T&lbtr Wenkter 110. Sardine 107, Louis \V»g
• Jier 1C7, Mayor Johnson 1C3. ("rarilum Iu3.
' • VTyra. HO. Ar.Ktlo 10<». Hugh 1U), Bt- Cuth
•heft 1<2. Vettry '.<K The Korun: 97. Little
••'\V:>.-ior. «.i, Mary McCafferty 1*3," Mami>elle 'M.
' •JJarlin J»0.
• rare* fi\ e-eifchths of a mile, two
: ¦£(&r-cAaf. — Uiue I»arier 110. Fred Leppe.rl 110.
e - Flw »cl» 110. Major J'f-Iham 103. ft. Paris 105.
'•J 1' MayUrry 1<&. Touchstone 102. Joe Ross
• hi. 'Floral King C8. Atlantlco 08, Toltec !>)>.
Cranium !C. li. F. Wiliiamg 03. Uandswich
Itt. Mifc» Toughlin HO. -:>
*• Third race *ix furlonp?. Garden City handl
• cai*— Dick Weiles< 122. Golden Hule 116. Toah
•111 Jack Ilatlln 1O«. Gregor K 100. Skillful
••SOS Hurnie Kuntcn 108. Oti* l«Mi. John Peters
1< 5 A D» <»:bsrn W6. L'litrf-nne 1C4. Paul
\V<-'aley 9« Tii»- TrifiK OS <»rtina 9«. Delagoa
• VS. Ahcla ;*.* Orfco 31, J. Sidney Walker 02.
?syprenf 0QL _
• 'Fourth race, fhort course — Cey
! Ion LSSl <iol<len Lirk I.V.. Anchor l+<>. Indian
11*133 Tatar 135. Paulaker 131, Oliver Me
1*.<-. Slap Dash 11.T.. Nata 12T.. _>,-¦_¦
-'Fifth race, rne mile — GlahFful 109. McGee
"•1T4 Wart* Nlcht 1C7. PoFtmaster Wriirht 1«4.
• Ontot?ec« 10«>.-Or*ina «». My Queen W, Len
din ¥7.
Si^th race, one and a Fixternth rr.iles — Grand
" Opera 107. Bragg 107, Harpie JC4. Haviland
"* ltd HSzzah 101, The Conqueror II 100; John
.- Rrikht l<;0, Otis • UK), Sharpies* 100. Bessie
* Mf-oartfcy s«. iL^.'i. ,. „
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles, scll-
; n -_l!ajor Tenny 10t». The Ladaean 1C7. El
* Wh"r Mat t'arat 1<«J. Goldapra l fl <i. Marcoc lOti,
lioorWS Foxflyer 1"3, Jack Doyle 100. Little
• *l*y.in 1««. Barney Burke 83, Bard of Avon
* «»¦ KUrrorte SKt.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
<By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
..* |-|r«t rarr Sardine, The Kornni,
- ' ''racfliVlo Bob, Atlantlco.
••• Ttiird race DloU Welles, Toah,
.'urili race Golden Link, Ceylon,
'"riftV'rae* Warte Mcht. McGec.
Ol Mxth rac* Jolm Ilrlffbt, Grand
Opera. The Conrncror II. .
«ev«'nth race Little Clkln, Major
T«»}. Uard of Avon.
HARLEM ENTRIES
¦:• ; : gi<eclal Dirratoh to The CalL
.*•• iARATOGA. Aug. 2.— With McChemey
Qiit of It,* the Saratoga, handicap, to be
run at the Sra to-morrow- afternoon, is
' "ndi attracting the attention of the lurf
'.v.orld that it wculd have done had the
• crack' becu able to measure
,• guides with Waterboy. Hfrmis and cth
i'ierEr.'fhe dithflxmwal of McChcsney at the
'last momerft because of the renewal of
"jtjie "lameness" which prevented the
.match race _ with Waterboy at Iirighton
."js a source of regrrt; but. according to E.
l!.. Pm?th> rs, it cannot b<- helped.
' * Meanwhile » Waterboy. with top wright.
*. if- iavnrit* tor the big'racc. The Water
-* ct^sp °ht«rEe. in his work, has not sliiwn
? Ae best of form, but Trainer Joyner says
'••Vie *s not essentially a '".vork horse." but
¦ : imply needs juj? i enough to keep him fit
for -real h'ard going in races.
Jhe :tr;pr« F«?iun ¦ prevails thai E. R.
T!»orna>* H"rnii3 w:ll surprise everybody.
.Trains Karricli has worked wonders
••-tfith |he ISQ.O00 h<5ree, which covered the
handicap distance -or Saturday in better
: ]h&4 2m~<, lighting f«.r his head all the
'*. \V\ C. Whitney will start both Geld
: 5-r;iih* and Gunfire, which are in superb
condition. GunJire v.iil carry VSS pounds.
••p.fii«*h i/"a difficult task for the Hastings
fcurns will ride Gunfire and Redfern
will pilot Goldsmith. 1 h<y v/ill be c^upo l
•imhe'bettir.g and to-night they were sec
ond* to Waurboy in f4\cr.
.."'Billy" Lakeland believes W. S. &.in-
Vhawe has a winner in Heno. which has
Vhywn speed and end-uranee during the
: .n-^fk jusf closed. The famous 3 year-old
'. Africander will net go .to the post unites
,iht> track eh'ould be heavy. A. Feather
* : tTfne beljcvc« he has. a real good thing
m Disadvantage, w^iioh started at Brigh-
tort two w."-cks ng-o and was a trifle short.
Fuller h«-fs. ta/-c*n engaged to ride this
Vpeedy mare. Foxhall K"?n?'p Injuno
tl5n.'with 102 pounds; Caugnnawasa. I0&;
w«Hura».er Ilaine. Id, and South Trimble. 95
- <>oun£s. are others that may prove oan
' SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA*. Aug. S.-Weathtc clear; track
fast.* Entries:
* First race Uz furlongs, all ages— Leonora
LKjrisje II*. ChmtP.run.ia 12fl. <iay Doy lift.
Kt-.-z I'c.tr-T H<:. Karl of Warwjr-k 11 «. Cobur*;
iUT. ' Kun»' Is ll'.i. Yardarm 110. tsadducee 114.
t*ct>nd "i ace. Ballrton <"up, steeplechase, full
•course— Ten I5clc\* Z«ro 145. Kooky Storm 14*5,
.LH>'uble Then* 133, The Virginias 154.
'.¦.Third rac«-. nv<j rfn.i a ball rorlonca, The
. for two-yar-rl''.*— Orthcxl' x 117. Btr»
" phon "" <irmondt-'E Right 125. Juvenal Maxim
."117. Euphrata 114. tlobarfb 117. cialwart 117.
*«ellUCt 117. "M»ntre*on 117. Tlpr* ranoo 117.
:'- J i*-;'us fvr.f 117. Dtxoplc 114. Applause 114.
' rupid Wour 117. R'dmaa 117. CJrmondf's
"Kirfct and "Juvenal Maxim. 1'agH entry; rkal
»an or.d R^ianre, Whitney entry.)
F< i'.rth race, cnt and a quarter miles. Sara
•(¦•pa handicap tor three»year-«M* ar.'i upward
. — Heno lit*. Uieadvantaite 1< 7. Wmtrboy 1*7.
ItWTincti^n 1W. raughnawaRa, I0:>. Hunter
Kilce K'4 G"ldfitittlf US. Qunrtr* 11*-'. HermiR
12:: \;rirand«T 11!«. South TrimM' BS.
" .*ri*h rare, five and a half turlor.gs, f^llinB.
rsaiden two-y*»ar-olV— Bluish lO:. Oananogue
'JC» LajOCJXa 1"7 "acdala 'M, I^ady Ananias
Vi' Tommy Hot VC. Hed L,lcht ft'.t. Long Di>
- tfcnoe 1*2 "For Luck 'M. Oracle U 104. Jo'Ay 102.
Ar»-nper l&. . Hr-xklyn «7. l'o San loi, Ju
venal Maxim 11".
_ : Fixth race, one rr.ile. three-year-nlds and up
. 7\iird-rHiphlarider 112. Caithness »*. Somerset
¦ ' n* Vincennet I<).1. James F 88. John Harley
' -core, 101. Kalif 113, Kafy. Street 1(W. Gold Uell
. -XCt". Dlnksie 6S. Eva Ilussell i»8.
' ' >AHATOGA BBLBCTIOarS.
, " " ijjy the New York TelegTaph.)
¦• '• Flrnt rare (hnctannnda, Gar
liny, lifoiiora L.orinsr.
.'• M>roml rai'f — Douhle 1 hone. Rock
"Mnrai. The VlrsJnlan.
Third rnrr — Itapfd Water, Stal
¦«(«rt. I'rci'ioa* Mont.
¦ • 1'iMirtli rare YVaterlto)', Ganflre,
•i«»utl« Trimble. . . _. :
' • 1'ifili -.-•««•<• Juvrnal Mnsira, Vo
•Sssu. |{«-«l LlKht.
Mxtl». rac-r Vincrnnri, Gold Dell,
lUeliiaudrr.
V-: '¦" Disappo&tmsnt
Withdrawal of McChesney
'••Fro'm the Eace Causes
".Qaiifocnia Morse Favor-
P t for Saratoga
•Handicap.
Loses Lead in Pennant
Race to San Fran
" Cisco Team.
Dunlap and Baker Reach
the Final Round in •• •
First Class. " .
Four Sergeants and a
Private Show Skill
With R:fl3.
TALENT LOOKS
TO WATERBOY
PACIFIC ELEVEN
MEETS DEFEAT
PERFECT SCORE
FOR GUARDSMEN
CLEVER TENNIS
ON PARK COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
Angel Second Baseman Gives a Rare Exhibition of Pitcher's Art.
Oakland Fills Up Cushions in Fourth, but No One Scores.
Southerners Fall Victims to Batting Rally in Morning Game
WHEELER TAKES TO THE SLAB
AGAIN AND BLANKS CRIPPLES
RACING, BOXING, BASEBALL, COURSING AND YACHTING
8YOUNG GIRL WHOSE MORAL DE
GENERACY PUZZLES OAKLAND
PHYSICIANS AND POLICE.
William Kemp, an English comic actor,
who flourished during the last year of
Queen Elizabeth, and who belonged to
the same company as Shakespeare, and
"created" Dogberry, danced from London
to Norwich, a distance of 114 miles. He
was accompanied by a servant, an um
pire and a man with a tabor and pipe.
Crowds hindered his start on February 11,
1680, and many ' met him at every place.
Several tried to dance with him. but none
could rival his pace; the most successful
were women. Although delayed by a
snowstorm, he did it in nine days, and
on the way accepted a challenge or two,
each time coming off best, except when a
Chelmsford maiden of 14 danced till he
was : "ready to He down."— London Tit-
Bits. -
Danced 114 Miles.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 2.-Isolated
conflicts continue to occur in Macedonia.
Last Friday a Turkish patrol which was
pursuing the authors of a dynamite out
rage fell into an ambush laid by the Bul
garians near Drama, which Is close to the
famous plain of Phillppi, where Brutus
and CasSius were defeated, and seven
Turks and three Bulgarians were killed.
The Porte, however, announces that be
fore long the 40,000 troops now In Mace
donia will be disbanded.
It is stated that as a result of inquiry
by Austrian and Russian Consuls into tha
recent events at Salonica Austria and
Russia will demand the dismissal of the
Chief of Police at Salonica. Reports from
Armenia tell of serious disturbances sim
ilar to those which preceded the trouble
in 1894. Several conflicts have occurred be
tween Turks and armed Kurds on the one
side and Armenians on the other, result
ing in losses on both sides.
Armed Guard Waylaid
by Bulgarians Near
• Drama.
TURKISH PATROL
IS AMBUSHED
Thousands of practical Instances could
be given to show the value of improved
varieties of corn. For instance, one
Southern Illinois farmer, more progres
sive than the rest, was Induced to secure
enough improved seed to plant 300 acreg
as a result of his study of corn in the
Illinois College of Agriculture. These 300
acres outylelded all of the other fields on
his farm more than thirty bushels per
acre; and. so far as could be determined,
the fields of that entire section yielded
about thirty bushels per acre. This In
crease of yield meant a total gain of, about
9000 bushels, which represented a cash
value of about $4000 that season. As this
increase did not represent an. increased
cost of production, - the gain was pure
profit. In another case, a farmer In Cen
tral Illinois became Interested In improv
ed corn seed through the school of corn
judging in the Illinois Agricultural Col
lege. He secured enough seed, grown by
a corn breeder, to plant eighty acres. As
a result he raised almost twenty-five
bushels more per acre on this field than
where the ordinary seed was planted.—
The Cosmopolitan.
Marvels of Corn.
Mr. Lueddeckens has recently" pablished
a brochure on the subject of right and
left handedness. The explanation for the
phenomenon In any person is traced* to
the pressure of his blood In two halves
of his brain. He concludes that for right
handed subjects there is an excels of
pressure In the left half of the brain, .ac
companied by an excess of excitability
and of vitality in all those par^a.'of the
body dependent on the left brain. For
left-handed people the reverse la true. He
notes the singular fact that, in his ex
periences, left-handed folk are 'apt to
sleep on the left side. The pressure of
the blood in the brain of a living person
is not so readily measured, and the auth
or Is forced to base hl3 conclusions o*n
deductions like the following: TJiat side
of the brain with the greater blood-pres
sure will be the best nourished and the
parts of the body dependent upon that
side will show greater size— the ear, tho
globe of the eye. etc.; the differences be
tween the weights of tho two halves of
the brain can be measured after d«ath;
we know the brain center for language
to be localized in the left half; and for
right-handed people the excitability of
the right side of the body is the greatest,
and it corresponds to the left brain. His
proofs are not complete, but the theory,
is promising and simple, though it still
lacks convincing demonstration.— N. Y.
Sun.
Bight and Left Handedness.
"The master embraced him. congratu
lated him on his success In life and
opened the bottle to share with him its
contents. Such excellent beer neither had
ever tasted before. It was like old wine.
The master as soon as he learned that it
was burial that had so much benefited it
bought 1000 bottles of beer, burled them
and five years later sola them at a great
profit, for everybody that tasted the new
drink loved it
"In time the secret leaked out. Brewer
ies everywhere came to know that beer
by lying improved. So they all adopted
the lying process, and they called the
new drink 'lying' or iager' beer, for
'lager', means 'lying.' as you know.
"In the past centuries they let beer He
longer than we do now. This ia a fast
age, you know." ,;.
"When, with a long furlough, he drew
near the town he recalled the bottle of
beer he had burled, and he dismounted
from his charger on reaching the well
remembered tree and dug the bottle up
and carried It to his former master.
" 'Old man,' he said, 'you sent me after
a bottle of beer five years ago. Here is
the beer now.'
Two Xew York brewers of long prac
tical experience were on a Sunday fishing
excursion a week or two ago out to the
Cholera Banks along with others 01 the
brewing craft, and they got Into a spir
ited argument over the invention of what
the whole civilized world now knows as
"lager beer." They couldn't agree at all,
but some Interesting light was thrown on
the question by a Philadelphia brewer,
who chipped In this:
"Lager beer was not invented. It was
discovered— accidentally discovered. Here
Is the story as ray grandfather handed It
down to my father: A saddler of the
German town of Bamberg sent his ap
prentice one morning in the Middle Ages
for a bottle of the beer they used In
those days— a vile beer that was drunk
as soon as it was brewed. The appren
tice bought the bottle, and on the way
home with it met a practical joker. The
joker said to him:
" 'Your boss is looking for you. He says
you have spo-.ed three days' work, and
he is going to baste you with a cart
whip.'
"At this news the apprentice was so
scared that he buried the b«er under a
tree and ran off and enlisted In the army.
He prospered In the army. In time he
became an officer and got the cross of
honor. Then he thought he would return
to his native town.
Not Invented, but Discovered by
Accident by a Scared
Apprentice.
NEW STOBY OF OBIGIN
OF "LAGEB" BEZB
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.*
2148 Center Street, -Aug." 2. "
In a simple but impressive way the
new pipe organ for the First Unitarian
Church was dedicated at thia morning's
service. In anticipation of the event a *
congregation gathered which overflowed j
the auditorium of the plcturesaue* little
church at Dana street and Bancroft way.*
The programme was cVintribute'd b> Ar- •
thur Scott-Brook, organist of Stanford.,
Memorial Church, and Mrs. Jajnes M.
Pierce, the soloist. Mr. Scott-Brook'a.
pieces were the "Grand Solemn March"
by Guilmant; "Communion," by Batiste; *
first organ sonata by Mendelssohn; "At
Eventide," by Barnby; offertoire in D .
minor, by Batiste; "Ave Maria." by Jlas
cagni; "Hallelujah," by Handel. Mrs.
Pierce sang "Show Me Thy Ways," by
Torente, and also led the hymn singing of
the congregation.
The Rev. F. L. Hosmer, pastor of th»
church, thanked the donor of the organ,
Mrs. Jane Watson Thomas, in behalf .«f »
the members of the church.
Mrs. Thomas' gift ia In honor of 'the
memory of her late husband. Captain
Richard P. Thomas. It was built during,
the summer vacation of the church by
the Murray M. Harris Organ Company of-.
Los Angeles, the same that 1>uUt the
Stanford Memorial Church organ. It is
fitted with sixteen stops, two. raanualrf
and pedals, and the action is tubular,
pneumatic throughout. The case i» of .
solid walnut and matches perfectly An©
interior woodwork of the church.
Reports that the entomological depart
ment of the University of California is
now receiving from the various counties
in the State where the grasshopper has
done considerable damage show that the
pest is not one-quarter as severe this
year as it was last.
Professor C. W. Woodworth attributes
this abating of the plague in a largo
measure to the campaign ttyt was under
taken last year. At that time the hop
pers were destroying many thousands of
dollars' worth of orchard and vineyard
products. The university men investigat
ed the plague and issued a bulletin on it,
prescribing a remedy, which was a mix
ture of bran, arsenic and molasses. The
farmers have learned this treatment
through the bulletin and as a direct re
sult they have been better able to com
bat the destructive hepper this year.
The report received by Professor Wood
worth shows that Merced .County is the
only county where there arc more hop
pers this year than last. The pest has
been effectually controlled in Santa Cruz,
Frezno, Madera, Modesto, Tulare and San
Diego counties.
In some of these counties the ravages
on the vineyards was very severe. The
farmers are now becoming familiar with
scientific methods of handling these prob
lems through the publication of university
bulletins and less difficulty Is expected
from this source in coming years.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Aug. 2. -
Arthur Scott-Brook Renders"
Music on Memorial .
Instrument.
University of California
Prides Itself on
the Fact.
Pest Is Not Nearly So
Severe This Year
as Last.
Gift of Mrs. Jan e Thomas
Received by First
Unitariana
HOPPER PLAGUE
UNDER CONTROL
DEDICATE NEW
CHURCH ORGAN
A woman went into a little millinery
shop In One-hundredth street, near Am
sterdam arenue, the other day and asked
to see a hat. A chiffon creation of which
the price was $2 was shown her. and she
expressed a keen desire for It. "May I
have it now," she asked, "If I'll leave
50 cents on deposit, and bring in the rest
later?" "That's very unusual," replied
the milliner. "When could you pay the
balance?" "That's just the point." said
the woman. "I don't know. My husband
is a plasterer. He makes $5.25 a day while
he is working. But he has been on strike
for four weeks, and we have had noth
ing." "But*how do you live In the mean
time?" she was asked. ."Hock every
thing we have, like the rest of the strik
ers," replied the woman. "Everything
we. own is in pawn, but I must have that
hat." She got it.— New York Sun.
Bound to Have the Hat.
The Rev. Alfred W. Hare preached to
day at Oak Congregational Chapel, of
which he was formerly pastor.
"Evolution and Creation in Genesis— Do
These Things Agree?" was the subject of
a sermon preached this evening by the
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 2.
The Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, renewed his
pulpit work to-day after his summer va
cation. This evening the pastor began a
series of vacation sermons, during which
he will give discourses on the natural
wonders of California.
A missionary meeting will be held
Wednesday evening at Masonic Hall, the
First Baptist Church place of worship.
The Rev. A. P. Brown of Fresno and the
Rev. C. A. Wooddy, D. D., of Portland,
Or., superintendent of the Baptist home
mission work on the Pacific Coast, will
deliver addresses.
The choir of the Tenth-avenuo Baptist
Church has resumed services.
The Rev. J. Whltcomb Brougher of
Chattanooga, Tenn., will occupy the pul
pit of the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church
next Sunday.
The Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills has re
sumed services at the First Unitarian
Church.
The Rev. S. Fraxer Langford of Palo
Alto preached. to-day at the Twenty-thlrd
avenue Baptist Church.
The Rev. J. K. Harrison, secretary of
the California Home . Mission Society,
preached this morning at the Plymouth
avenue Congregational Church.
The Rev. H. B. Mowbray, pastor of the
Fruitvale Congregational Church, has re
turned from Ohio.
Resume Services After
the Summer Outings
for Rest.
"Spinster," said the philologist, "Is the
term that the law applies to the woman
who is unmarried. The origin of the
word dates back to the days when spin
ning was not done by machinery, but by
hand. At that time every girl learned
to spin, as a matter of course, the same
as she now learns to spell. She was
obliged to spin a couple of hours every
day, and what she produced belonged to
her. Thus, every girl, by .the time she
came to get married, owned a great quan
tity of linen of her own make that she
brought, as a kind of dower, to her hus
band. Every girl's leisure, up almost to
her wedding day, was devoted to the spin
ning of linen for use in the household of
her spouse. Therefore, every unmarried
girl was called a spinster."— Philadelphia
Record. >' ' I '<';
Origin of Term "Spinster."
Rev. Owen Hotle, pastor of the Eighth
avenue Methodist Church.
The Rev. J. W. Phillips and the Rev. C.
S. Nash preached to-day at the Union
street Presbyterian Church.
Little Isabella, It is claimed, has had
good home surroundings #nd Influences
that should have worked for her improve
ment. But time after time she has given
evidence of a waywardness entirely out of
keeping with her years and a child's nor
mal bent. Possessed- of a wandering
spirit, she has repeatedly run away from
pears to have dwarfed the understanding
have been very clearly marked in the
girl's conduct for more than a year. To
lie, steal, swear and run wild beyond all
parental restraint is the record produced
by Mrs. R. Hughes, the mother, who has
been compelled to confess that the child
is beyond her most serious efforts to han
dle.
PASTORS RETURN
FROM VACATIONS
has developed a strangely marked
criminal propensity, entirely out of har
mony with her general external appear
ance. Nothing about the child's physiog
nomy gives evidence 'of degeneracy. She
is bright, well-nourished and would not
be selected by any student of mental dis
turbances as one afflicted. Yet, according
to her distressed mother, the child has an
abnormal and uncontrollable desire to
stea.1. Just for the sake of stealing.
Manifestations of the evil cloud that ap-
OAKLAND. Aug. 2.-At the ace of
11 years little Isabella Maguire,
the girl burglar, under observa
tion at the Receiving Hospital,
The child, after taking the coin, parted
with it in a few minutes, giving the whole
amount to a companion. Why she stole
it is beyond her to make satisfactory ex
planation. "Something told me to take
It," is her only statement in the matter.
Her conduct at school was. such that it
was impossible to keep her there, in spite
of her mother's many efforts.
The crowning incident was a burglary
at Charles Wurts' resld«nce, near Shell
Mound. The child carried off enough jew
elry and clothing to have satisfied a pro
fessional housebreaker. There was neither
rhyme nor reason in the offense, and Isa
bella cannot satisfy her questioners, med
ical men or laymen, as to the impelling
cause for her action
Superior Judge John Ellsworth, who
heard a recital of the record, has decided
to hold the case under investigation for
a week to decide what is the bust course
to pursue looking toward a permanent
correction of the child's condition Miss
Anita Whitney, County Probation Officer
for Juveniles, has temporary charge of
the unfortunate girl.
home, roving about, despite her youth, in
strange places and under conditions that
only a professional tramp would select.
Again, she would steal. Anything from
money to a slate pencil was unsafe near
the child's reach. One of her offenses, a
year ago, was the theft of $S0 from a
trunk In which her mother had hidden the
money. »
Thf young fellow did not wait to reply,
«or docs he know just how he got off the
tWi^Kew York Times.
A. Oolor-Blind Child
Ei-Judp»> S. P. McConnell of the George
.A. ' Fuller Construction Company is
'credited with a story about an acquaint
ance,' a^dtjiper. conceited young chap, who
• has an aversion to negroes. This ac
•qftjtfntaoce bearded a north-bound
Eigntj};ayenue car at Thirtieth street one
Saturday* night not long ago. The car
via* crowded, and after a few blocks had
br'en parsed th«- young fellow found him
, !-\,!f jn the aitle just behind a fat negress
witha baby.' Fop the Infant's comfort it
was VliTsg over The mother's Ehoulder. It
v.es a Jolly ljttle 'thing, emiling and trying
•to talk to all around it. Suddenly It saw
.the prim young man. and all at once its
fat little erir.* shot out and Its black
fingers 'wiggled invitingly.
• "Papa! Papa!" gurgled the ba.be. "Goo
.goo! PItty papa!"
The chuckles and giggles of the onlook
'rf became guffaws when the mother,
. r'.ancing backward, said in a reproving
tone: •
'Hush yo' mouf. fool chile. Dafs not
Then Vhe turned to the young fellow and
•'ir^'iogized. thus: *Tse noticed hit befo*.
*uh. an* now I'm ehuab ob hit. This
.•b3by*«~ puttinly color blind; he is, in- '
deefly. Too bad, suh, hain't It?"
.OAKLAND. Aug. 2.— Mrs. K Goger. «
!>i*a.rs old, died this morning at her resi
<ience, 170 Lockes'.ey street. Alden. before
a physician could be f ummonel The aged
wf^rnan had been. ill. Fhe was a widow, a
-,.h''j'v£. rtt Germany, and tvas an aunt of
»^e Mast brothers of San Francisco. Cor-
Vin*r .Mehrmann has charge of the cn*e.
Death of an Aged.Widow.
Increase in Number of Children.
' Aug: 2.— The local school
d»*j"ifertment will open Monday after the
fumiwr vacation. Superintendent S. D.
Waterman firures on the enrollment of
f/tOO children— 300 more than last year. This
:nrj;r-aFe will crowd the schools to the
limit* ana the additions for which $2000
•w>>*e recently voted will be needed to
ma'ke* the rooms even comfortable.
BERKELEY, Aug. ;.-By the eaJe of the
••CX'heeler tract, which has just been com
rpieted. S30.000 has changed hands, being
?!*> largest single real estate deal in the
history of Berkeley real estate. *he ven
dor Is PoFtmaster George Schmidt and the
T»urcha,sers W. J. Mortimer & Co., acting
for' a'.ffvndicat* of Berkeley capitalists
headed by James L. Barker. The prop
erty "contains twer.ty-fiv# lots, which will
be sold by the new purchasers.
Purchase Wheeler Tract.
" ALAMEDA. Aug. 2.-The funeral of the
• ; - ,u. # A. V. Lancaster was held this after
. noon> S-om Masonic Temple under the aus
. Bjtoea *>f Oak Grove Lodge. F. and A. M.,
<«f -trhich deceased w*s a member. Rev.
= W. I r. Scott delivered the eulogy. Music
'• va? rendered by a quartet consisting of
Frank Onslotv, H. L. Perry. E. A. Thorn
ton and J." de P. Teller. The pall bear
«rs were selected from several Masonic
fraternities to which deceased belonged.
Intetyncnt was in Mountain View Ceme
tery.
Buried With Masonic Rites.
England has been called a nation of
shopkeepers, and not without reason, as
a keen business instinct exists there In
both men and women, and in every class
and every set in society. Women of the
smart world show a special aptitude for
commercial enterprise, and at the present
time several members of ths best known
families are Immersed In successful trade
speculations. The year 1SS7 saw the
commencement of this business era. The
late Lady Granville Gordon acted the part
of a praiseworthy pioneer. Her hat shop
In Park street, Grosvenor square, proved
as profitable an investment as did Mrs.
Jack Cummingr's more recent dressmaking
experiment In Dover street, Piccadilly.
Every year sees new recruits to the
strong army of society traders. Some
time ago the Duchess of Abercorn started
a creamery near Baronscourt that sup
plies customers In Belfast with the best
and freshest of Irish dairy produce; and
Lady Essex Is partly responsible for a
flourishing laundry in the neighborhood
of London. Lady Rachel Byng. daughter
of Lord Strafford, has a millinery estab
lishment not far from Xew Bond street.
The Hon. Mrs. Tournour— the name spelt
like that of Lord Winterton's family
keeps a dressmaker's shop in the same
neighborhood; and Mrs. "Bertie" Dormer,
a cousin of Lord Dormer, has recently
started as a milliner and dressmaker un
der the pseudonym of "Olivette."
Mrs. Wellesley, a relative by marriage
of the Duke of Wellington, once owned a
flower shop in lower Grosvenor place; and
now Mrs. Patrick Heron-Maxwell—an
other smart woman— runs a florist's busi
ness in Victoria street. The servant ques
tion appeals to many of us. Miss Edith
Kerr keeps a registry for servants in
lower 3elgrave street. Eaton square. This
woman is one of the unmarried daughters
of the late Lord Frederick Kerr; and she
is. cf course, related to the present Lord
Lothian.
Manicure is a modern necessity, and
several smart women have adopted this
delicate business. The Hon. Mrs. Gran
ville Knox has started as a manicurist in
a shop not farm from Piccadilly. Sh« is
a daughter of Harriet Lady Cllfden. a
cousin of the Marquise d'Hautepoule, and
is married to Mr. Granville Knox, a rela
tive of Lord Ranfurly. She is a pretty,
fascinating woman, and rejoices In the
pet name of "Ducky." which, by the way,
Fhe chares with the Grand Duchess of
Hesse.
Several tea shops are kept by society
women, notably one in Bond street, which
belongs to Mrs. Robertson, wife of an
army officer. The house is arranged with
great taste, has a deep Ivy-colored veian
da, and the mat-handed waitresses dress
in violet frocks, covered with white mus
lin aprons and long oversleeves. Lady
Warwick and Lady Duncannon have both
been ehopkeepers in and near Bond
street: and, although their names are
now less prominently before the public,
yet they remain equally interested in
their favorite industries— English-made
lingerie and Irish hand embroideries.
Some society women prefer not to co
quette with commerce, and instead they
turn their attention to «a serious profes
sional career. The Hon. Mrs. Scarlett-
Synge. a Bister of Lord Ablnger, has be
come a fully qualified physician and prac
tices at Bloemfontain. In South Africa,
where ehe holds the post of medical effl
cer to the Government Normal Hospital.
The South African war left us a legacy
of society nurses, but years ago Lady
Herroione Blackwood and— before ber
marriage— Lady Griselda Cheape, both
worked as nurses in the London hospitals.
Music claims many gifted women. The
Hon. Mrs. Julian Clifford, a sister of
Lord Henniker, is now a professional
concert singer, and Mme. Lillian Eldee. a
pretty and successful vocalist, appears in
society as Mrs. "Bill" Duncombe. whose
husband is a nephew of Lord Feversham.
—New York Commercial.
LONDONS SOCIETY WOMEN
IN BUSINESS VENTTJKES
Ladies of Title Sell Tea or Flowers,
Make Dresses, Manicure to
Advantage.
Action of Board of Education in
o Adopting New Books Is
• ° o Illeg-al.
"OAKLAND, A«:g. 2.— The county Board
>'. Education in adopting certain new
textbooks to be used. during the ensuing
arm has- placf-d itself in conflict with the
f?tate Board of Education, with a possi
bility that "unless .it rescinds its action It
t.sv, los« all State aid. -
Coder a new law any county refusing
ft ncgleeifng to use the State series of
scr.ot»J i textbook^ will have withheld from
\\ the money to which it would otherwise
bp entitled. It is claimed that the action
of the Alarneda County board In adopting:
new books is illegal and Is liable to sub
.If-ct" tfie county to a loss of State school
money. "
SCHOOLS MAY IX)SE
\.~ ALL STATE MONEYS
* BERKF.LEV. Aug. 2.— Profe*snr Douf '.as T.
Fcw'^f*.. director oT farmers' institutes for the
College of" AtrL-u'.tuit'. will resume his duties
vitli.jhe opening oi the fall t*rtn. Frof«-«K>r
Fr.»>r hjs V!i i!I s'.noe l»st winter and was
f of OM to abanTicn ell -work in hi* d-parrmont.
tie will Ixpinctlw? < nranization of institutes for
SCarfhern and Central California agricultural
jUftrlcfi.
.* Thf ."ir.irtFuminfr rodeo," the "round-up" of
jimnier gchool students who like to dance,
rrcv'ded « larce number of students w.lih a
hoog •<•<•«! of •¦tijoyment laet nijrht In Hearrt
.Hall." -The affair was under tne manarfment
¦":; Arthur t. Pri-'p. M. J. Samuels. J. E. Foi
':'ni. Misn Ta!ulla*i L<? Conte und Miss Sarah
SleCUin.
.Jl^rntt Poraeror, a student in the College of
"Mines .'Jnar returned from Criprl* <!>eek. Colo.,
wher^, he has«'b»^n on * tour of Inspection. Pom
«:<¦>"* hen;*- if in Hilo. Haw&fian Islands.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
After the committee of fifty has done
this it is probab'.e that a sub-committee
composed of members of the City Trus
tees and the citizen body will be named
to meet with officials of the Southern Pa
cific and ascertain what concessions the
corporation will grant in return for the
two franchises. This sub-committee will
then report back to the City Trustees, and
negotiations will be continued in this
manner un... the matter is adjusted to the
mutual rati?faction of the City Trustees
and the Southern Pacific management.
In accordance with a method suggested
by City Trustee Dr. Henry May Pond the
committeemen will be provided with bal
lots on which will appear the most Im
portant stipulations which many Alame
d^ns believe should be entered in the
terms of the franchise. The committee
men will be requc-sted to vote on these In
the order of their importance and to write
on the ballots any other stipulations which
they think should be given consideration
In settling the matter of the franchises
with the Southern Pacific Company.
To-morrow nighi is the regular meeting
time of the municipal governing body,
and it is planned to transact all of the
routine work before s o'clock and give
over the remainder of the session to ob
taining expret#ions from the committee
irjen. If any of the fifty committeemen
declines to serve the City Trustees will
be guided in their action on the franchises
by the advice of tho^e who will take part
in the deliberations of the committee. The
following named have been invited to con
fer with the Trustees:
T. F. Balrd. 12 J. BiardiiiK. J. E. Baker,
James Barber. C Hartl«*tt. William Baurhyt".
W. A. BlMMtt, V. Boetamer. A. V. Clark. Frank
Colburn Harvey l. : «na. T. Q, Danlells, E. J.
Dodgr H. K. Kield, Bert Fisher. H. M. Has
lctt. It. H\Tschfie\d. C. A. Hooper. L. H. Ja
i-obi. J. J. Kor.!K*hofer. Joepph Knowland,
CIrorir*' L. L<rwta. John Lut|E«'ii. Charles Magag
ncs. Flenry Michaels. R. B. Mitchell. G. A.
Moore. «J. A. >!unn\ Charles N'^al. W. H. Koy.
Frank Otl«, Qeani* I'lumrr.er. «. P. Reynolds.
Her.ry Rcsenthal, K. T. Shreve. J. C. Siegfried,
C R. Smith. K. H. Swayne. Philip Teller. C.
L. Tilden. C. L Tif.lal". J. J. Tohin. Oeorpe
Tyson. F. W. Van Sicklen. C. C. Volberg, F.
\V. Vooirt. J. R. Volberg. C. H Wever, J. N.
Yourr. K. R. Ziel.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 2.— With the commit
tee of fifty citizens selected by themselves
the dtj Trustees will meet to-morrow
night and confer for the purpose of as
certaining ihc sentiment of the people of
Alamci!a as to what they desire of the
Southern Pacific Company In exchange
for the two local franchises that corpora
tion has asked the city for.
. . o • • ?
c .Assault Occurs at Market and
'¦¦ c T .^entietlr Streets During
I" % •-. Afternoon.
c" * — • ~r~
£*•* . 'Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' : •• m «' I HIS Broadway, Aug. 2.
',•" R. &.• 6ha*t«en.* a lineman, iind L. B.
*. 'Yale, a 'aborer employed by the Sunset
• cpelephohe O^rtipany. were attacked this
~.aftm*oorf at .Twentieth and Market
• Street,? by a crowd of men and boys, who
severely heat Bhasteen and knocked Yale
?<-rssr!c^.s wirti a blow on the head with a
• rcc'jt. c • •
Shasteen wa.< workincr on a pole and
¦ ' V<a!e ;Raf wailing for his fellow-workman
in a. buprgy at t he stree; corner. While the
.-•men v;efe busy there a crowd gathered
I ;*nd ccmmincod to yoll and throw rocks.
In . tho niidft nf . the fusillade Shasteen
climbed do\yn tiie pole nnd started toward
O t!io t»;jgpy. T,Jie lineman was made the
'>l j'.cuoj special attack. Before he could
.pet ilvray from the hooting; crowd som<
f . uhe in the a'ttacl.ir.R forces struck Shas
\ Ken a heavy Blew in the mouth, cutting
••f;*s lip and loosening several teeth.
Vi«e was h :arfect for rocks until ore
.v-V'.I-aimrd missile -hit him on the bnok
'of- tfy head, rendering him unconscious
for **. Ei.ort time.
The*two telephone men manaped to pull
Rir&f. fpojb tho crowd ar.d drove to police
headquarter!!, wtiere they lodged a report
• r.T the assault,
.Mapper Epff^ne J. Ellis of the tele
.- rTione company also received a report of i
*iie m occurrence. Ke announced that he |
wr>u«d. renew his request for noliee. pro
teet'qfl for the company's employes. The ,
• striking linVmen claim that none of their
mjnb"er was concerned in the affair.
Alameda Agitation Is Now in
Fair Way to Be Ami
cably Settled.
Officials and Residents
to Discuss Railroad
Franchises.
Two Men Are Beater
J, .and Struck by Fry
ing Recks.
CROWD ATTACKS
TELEPHONE MEN
TRUSTEES WILL
MEET CITIZENS
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BARKELEY
TBE SAN FRAKOISCO .CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
Little Isabella Maguire, Burglar, Is Puzzle of the Physicians, Officers
of Law and Her Mother, Who Sadly Tells of Child's Offenses
* and Confesses That She Is Entirely Beyond Her Control
CRIME'S EVIL SPELL RESTS
ON GIRL OF TENDER YEARS
9
\ SUNDAY CALL'S
\ \ Watch for the full page of clever halfihotit
¦\ . \ storiettes.
Si\^\ Un(ler , ffle Copper Moon
By "Col." KateV .^ V By Charles Sloan Beid.
r L . "^Tr .\ A »How the Race Was Won-.
FaDleS the FQOHSI) \ - kC j?j5* \ By Crittenden Marriott.
By Nicholas Nemo. \ SC^ \
— '¦:. \ a \ Don's Happy Ness Wye
The Oracle of Mnl-\ \^ \ By otho b. senga.
berry Center \ \ A village Pincushion
By S. E. Kiser. \ • AJv v \ By g^gi. Lindsay Coleman.
The Etiquette of the\ \ Z7" .
Visitor \ \ j ||9
By Madge Moore. \ \
And the most exciting installment yet pub-\ >i^ \ J U 1 U I
lished of that merry lampoon of America'A V^* \ ll r W W
Nouveaux Riches, \ \
\ A \ Edwin
...lne bpenders... \
# By Harry Leon Wilson. \ \
Wherein Uncle Peter Bines sacrifices $12,000,000 to teach \ \ •
his nephew not to be a fashionable sosh. \ \
EXCITING HCTIONX
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
f lame, about three or four
inches; framed closely.
"THE BUSSIAN WEDDING,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART . SUPPLEMENT,THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL,I_, MONDAY,' AUGUST 3, 1903.
10
HELP WASTKD— -MAI.B— -<?«»¦ ...
MURRAY A READY.
634-638 Clay st. Phone Main 6MS.
BUSINESS 7 A. M. UNTIL 10 P. M.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long; 14 clerks employed.
By our own printing plant we publlsn a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. nv; also noon and evening edi-
. tlons. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 19UI We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We ship you ! Free to one.
Free to-day. Free to alt
Ogden, Utah, All parts Nevada-
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. Wllltts. Ukiah,
And All Points North. East. South,
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamaters. laborers,
track men, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc..
}3. $4. $3 50. $3.. $2 50. $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY A READY,
. C34 and 686 Clay st,
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS
12 boys for a box factory: fare $5; $32 60
and fd. MURRAY A READY, 634-630 Clay.
BIG SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBER TRUST SHASTA TRUST
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $72 CO,
2 screw setters. $105.
2 off bearers, .$82 60.
10 cross-cutters for woods work. $60 & fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber. $S2 50.
SPECIAL FARE. $5. STEADY, Good Jobs.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS. ~~ BOSSES AT
CARPENTERS. OUR OFFICE.
9 of them to build barns, sheds, etc., mil-
lionaire's own private work. "60c fare, $90.
6 carpenters, factory, fare $1, $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
$5,000,000 BANKING SYNDICATE.
25 men among fruits, etc.. fare $1. $2B fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st."
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. R. R. FARE PAID.
25 laborers, big lumber trust, $B0.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE— $1. CHICO.
26 teamsters, laborers and axmen. $75.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at.
WHERE ARE THEY?
S6 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES,
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodsmen, $40 to $150 found.
Stlckermen Tallymen
Spool tenders , Machinists
Buckers. trackmen 4 Line puller*
Blacksmiths, wood turnere, barkers, car loaders
Tree feelers Jackscrewers
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers
Dolbeer loggers • Carriage setters
Swampers and trimmers Gang edsermen
Saw filers.
Pond men Band Sawyers Carriage doggers
Sorters, graders and peelers Chain tenders
Shingle packers, also Jointers, chute builders
$40. $50, $60, $70, $S0, $90, $100 to $150 month
and found.
386 woodchoppers, tiemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths. $3. •
9 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands, $3 60.
9 carpenters, $3 to $4. > /
Carriage makers. $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders, $3 50; iron workers, country.
155 ether mechanics, $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Free Fare.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare — 55 Men Wlllits — Ukiah To-day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FEE $1— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE.
FREE FARE. 606 MEN. FREE FARE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS."
Santa Barbara Dist. Santa Cruz Dist,
San Luis Oblspo Dist. Santa Clara Dist.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dist,
King City Dist. Alameda Dist.
Scledad Dist. Paso Robles Dist.
Salinas Dist. Los Angeles Coast Dist.
Los Angeles Dist. Fresno Dist.
Gulnda Dist. Cordelia Dist.
Madison Dist. Farmlngton Dist.
Also hundreds of different places on their
Divisions on every train. „
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. FREE FARE.
165 Austrians, . FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our office; see
them. •
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL. "
10 machine miners, large gold mining com-
pany, $90.
186 miners, single and double band; machine
men, muckers, tlmbermen, furnace men,
etc., $96, $85 and $75 and found.
386 laborers, no experience required, $60, $75.
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
156 drillers, hammersmen, laborers, $30 $75
and $C0.
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine, no experience wanted,
$42 and found: fare $2.
For stables — 12 men, $60 to $75. '/*
) For farms^ — 125 men, $30, $35, $40, found, "
For orchards — 250 men, $25. $30. found.
For dairies — 65 men, $30, $35. $40. found.
For chores — 36 men and boys, $30, $25, $20,
(15, found.
For hay, harvest — 63 men. $1 50, $2, $2 50
day, found.
36 fruit pickers, $26 and found.
LOOK!
39 teamsters, city. $22 week, $2 to $2 50 day.
655 laborers, country. $2. $2 50 a day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
18 men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40. $50. $60, $70,
* $80, found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
37 cook.-', all over California, $90, $S0. $73.
$C0, $r>", $40, $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills. camp3. ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.; crisp
maker, $10; porter, city store. $40; second
cook, mine, $40; also waiter. $30; steward.
$50 and found.
18 wallers, $35, $40. $30 and found.
30 pot and dish washers, $35. $30, $20 and fd.
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers, $.'tO to $15 and found.
« butchers. $40. $50. $00, $30 and found.
12 laundrymen, all classes. $1S week up.
6 bakers, helpers. $55. $40. $30 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor dally,
containing 10,000 positions: get cue.
MURRAY & READY.
6:t4-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
3 machinists, fare paid, boss here. $50 found.
Baker city institution, $40 found.
5 laborers, board yourselves, 10c fare. $2 25
2 a faborers to run cars. mine. $1 40 -day fd.
2 stablemen, city Job. $30. $40 found.
Cook, orchard.- etc., fa*~» $1, $50 found.
4 men about threshing outfit, fare $1 60.
$40 found.
Stableman, wash cans, city, $35 found.
Third «rook. fare oald. $35.
Bed maker, porter, bell boy, city hotel, $20
found up.
Butcher, Sonoma County, $35 found.
Portuguese milker, $35.
Waiter. Santa Clara County. $35 found.
Milker, San Joee, $35 found.
Baker. Shasta County, small shop. $32 SO fd.
Butcher, all-around man. fare $3, $40 found.
SPECIAL.
Bartender. German, country hotel, boss
here. $40 fd.: also yard man, same place. $25
fd.; 2 carriage setters, boss here. $2 75 day
fd : 0 haymakers, fare 30c, $40 found.
Blacksmith, Alturas. fare paid. $3 50 day.
3 furnace men for mine. $3 fare. $75.
3 carpenter*. Monterey County, $90.
PAINTER and tlnter, $3 day.
Assayer, old mine, boss here. BIG SALARY
Biggest wages at MURRAY & READY'S.
Best places at 634-638 Clay st.
_— NEW TUNNEL. ~ "
6 drillers, free fare. $75. * ._";
4 muckers, free fare, $67 50.
MURRAY A READY.
¦ ' ¦ 634-636 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade; an Improvement
on all other systems. For particulars ad-
dress Western Barber Col.. 647 Commercial.
TRY our men's shoes <at $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $2 SO; we pay , express charges. 11
* Third St., Examiner bid.; catalogue sent free.
WANTED — Strong errand boy In printing of-
flce. EASTMAN A MITCHELL. 415 Market.
WANTED — Box brand engraver; state experi-
ence and wages expected. Box 4622. Call.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop; living-rooms; lease;
snap. 2308 Howard st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. .
600 MEN to buy new and 3d-hand army shoes.
COc up; soling cheap. 823 Howard »_., nr. 3th.
' HELP WASTED— MALE— Cob.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
• 520 Sacramento St.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff St,
ASTORIA— OREGON— NEAR PORTLAND.
• ON COLUMBIA RIVER.
Fee $1; no strike; company work; no dis-
count; fare $3, including meals and berth on
Bteamer.
60. laborers, $2 25 a day.
50 rockmen, $2 50 a day.
Board $16 month; Al steady Job.-'
Big tunnels; 8-hour shifts: near city.
8 muckers, $07 50; 6 tunnelmen, $75; 2 tun-
nelmen, 10 hours, $4 day, north; a muckers,.
Dosome drilling, near city. $3 day.
BIG TUNNEL— NKAIt CITY— FKEE FARi-
10 muckers. ft;u: 10 tunnelmen, $75.
BIG TUNNEL. CASPAR.
FEE |1— NORTH— FREE FARE.
50 laborers, muckers,, teamsters and tunnel-
men, $2 t» $2 75 day; tree fare; fee $1.
- OREGON — 20 coal miners, $1 ton. fare paid.
OREGON— 20 coal miners, free fare.
BUTTE CQft DIAMOND MATCH CO.
Fee $1; very cheap fare.
100 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and wood-
choppers, $2 25 to $2 50 day; Diamond Match
Co.'s R. R. i
S. P. R. R, Co.'s own work; free fare; fee $1.
600 section and extra gang men, all over
State; shlo at all times on all trains.
SIskiyou County— Special Rate of Fare.
For a biz sawmill co.; ko by rail.
15 laborers, $2 40 day, mill; 2 screw turners,
$3 50 day; 20 lumber pliers, $2 75 day; 10
boys, box factory. $1 75 day.
SPECIAL — 25 Swedes to pile lumber: north;
by rail; big lumber co. ; $52 and found.
MINES.
10 miners, north, $75; 3 miners, north, $90; 2
miners, $75; 30 muckers and laborers, all
over, $C0 to $75; 20 laborers, mines, south,
$60; 6 drillers, quarry, $45 and found.
LABORERS— OtflSCELLANEOUS.
10 laborers, steady Job year round, $2 day.
boss here, 50c fare; jB laborers, factory, near
city, $2 20 day; 10 laborers, near city, board
where you please, $2 day; 10 laborers, saw-
mill co., $35 and found; cheap fare. Hum-
boldt Co., $35 and! found: 10 laborers, saw-
mill co., Tuolumne County. $1 50 fare, bal-
ance is free, $2 day, board where you please;
3 labofers, city. $2 day.
EUREKA— HAIF FARE— BIG LUMBER CO
20 laborers on It. R. and mills, $40 found; 6
farmers, big ranch. $30 and found; milkers,
$35 and found.
COOKS AND HOTEL HELP, ETC.
Cook, factory, Nevada, fare repaid, $40 and
found; cook. B. 11., $40 and found; second
porter. $25 and found; porter, country hotel.
$25 and found: 3 waiters, $30 to $40 and
found; dishwasher, city. $6 week and found;
potwasher, city, $30 and found; stenographer,
city, $C5; boy as porter, B. H., $15 found.
FREE FARE— WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE.
20 laborers and teamsters, $2 25 day; fee $1.
Men* come and read our bulletin boards.
. Hundreds of other jobs for you. Get a free
list of jobs at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sapramento st.. cor. Leldesdorff.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE-^FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
We ship dally: S. P. Co.'s Own Work.
500 laborers. $2 day.
. 490 -section hands, all parts of California.
Bakersfleld, -Fresno, Sacramento and many
other points.
S.-P. R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE. ~~
EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
10 drillera and muckers, $2 25 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
60 teamsters and rockmen, $2 50 a day.
50 laborers and axmen. $2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton.
3 woodchoppers, oak, 2 tiers, 16-inch, $1 75
a cord. ¦
12 laborers, $1 50 day and board.
2 carriage setters, sawmill, $65 and found.
Edgerman. $80 and board.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Man to do
chores, wife as housekeeper, country. $4i);
coachman, $40; stableman, $40; gardener,
small place, $20; waiter, $10 a week; pot-
washer, $30; dishwasher, $30; laborers, coun-
try, $1 a day, etc.
BARBERS, take notice — On and after Monday,
August 3, our new wage scale goes into ef-
fect: also all barber shops open at 8 o'clock
in the morning. Indorsed by the San Fran-
cisco Labor Council. JOS. R. BLEILY. Sec-
retary Local No. 148. J. B. I. U. of A.
TRY our men'* shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail chartres. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
ERRAND-BOY wanted at LEON LEMOS'. 1127
Market st.
GOOD union barber wanted, $14 a week, at 1007
Valencia st. ,'
WANTED — Good errand boy, 230% Ninth st.,
opp. Clementina.
WANTED — Cash boys; steady positions; $15
a month. ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kearny st.
WANTED — Two waiters for Brooklyn Hotel,
2C8 Bush st.
WAITER wanted. 261 First st.
A GOOD barber; steady. Inquire at 134 Larkin
street. . .
WANTED— A flrst-class waiter. 29 Stockton
street.
¦ — --—___— ____________
' TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
BARKEEPER for San Jose; $65 per month;
more for good man; 1ft hours and day shift;
single man preferred: steady man only. Ad-
dress box 4627. Call. ¦ " ¦
PICK hops in August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st, San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars me lied free.
• Moler System Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
; rooms; 25c per night; $1 60 to S3 per week.
MUSICIANS wanted to form a new band. Ap-
ply Monday night, HOC Golden Gate ave.;
tiring instruments.
TAILORS wanted by L. CLAR. Bakersfleld.
Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Market and
Second sts.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED at once — 3 errand > boys. Apply at
JOE ROSENBERG'S. 11 O'Farrell st.
BOY wanted. 11 O'Farrell st. JOE ROSEN-
BERG. , ' . .
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. it. WOOD A
CO.. 740 Market st. . . ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' cloaks
and suits. D. M. Davidson & Co.. 52 First st.
WANTED — Maid stenographer; state age, ref-
' erences, salary; experience. Box 4968, Call.
GOOD, flrst-clasa wood worker wanted on bug-
gy work, 1504 Folsom st. '
WANTED— Strong boy. E. H. LEVY (Inc. >7
513 Market st. »
WANTED — Good frame Joiner and ¦ polisher.
Metropolitan Picture Frame Co., 427 Mntgmy.
GOOD wand boys wanted! MARKS BROS.,
1220 Market st. . .
BARBER shop; old-established corner: Ellis
, and Webster sts.; for rent; fully furnished.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Coa.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR' FIFTEENTH SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING: OPEKATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
82% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth. ,
% ~
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: «J»ady
employment, highest wages. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
NEAT appearing young lady In candy store.
Apply after 2 p. m., SELBY'S, 1160 Market.
FIRST-CLASS cook. Apply 2100 Washington,
bet. 9 and 12; references required.
GIRL for general housework: plain cooking;
tniall family; upper flat. 1444 O Farrell st.
A GIRL for general housework ; sleep at home.
' Apply at 2225 Fillmore st. #
WANTED — A girl for general housework; plain
cooking. 411 Golden Gate ave.. before 1.
AN apprentice for dressmaking wanted. 1407
Laguna st. - '
WANTED — Good restaurant waitress; wages $8
a week; one day off. 7 Taylor st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and assist
In bakery. 1794 Halght st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework;
wages $20. 2599 Howard st.
TALENTED ' amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
EMBROIDERY teacher wanted; a thoroughly
experienced woman; must understand
stamping and have compkte knowledge of
art needlework; state experience, references
and salary expected. Address box 4956. Call.
GIRLS to Uarn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for $5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton St., rm. 13.
PICK hops In Aucust; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUOH
AND GROVE STS. -
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL A CO., 741
Market st '
EXPERIENCED help wanted to work on cling
peaches at Napa Cannery. Apply 124 Cali-
fornia st. : ' :¦-'¦
TEACHER wanted — Girls' Directory, Central
ave and Waller st. ..
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; $12.
CG8 Valencia at. -
YOUNG girl 15 to 16 to assist in light house-
work. 1530 Fulton st.
50 GIRL2 wanted at Pacific Coast Biscuit Co.,
Second and Folsom sts.
POSITION of trust for upright, honest woman;'
small bond required. . Box 4293 Call office.
GIRLS from 14' to 16 to help-In factory and go
{ errands. «50 Mission st., third floor.
A FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants, and
also an apprentice. 1328 Mission st.
OPERATORS to learn glove making; wages
from start. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
A— Practical Millinery 8chool, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Neta.
WANTED — French or German maid for grown
children and sewing. 2005 Franklin st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
ave. and Waller st.
IRONERS on ladies' 'and children's wear. 656
Mission St.. third floor. ¦
ELDERLY German Catholic woman; cooking
s and housework: $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
•CLASSIFIED ad^rtlaements and subscriptions
recei\_»d at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ___________
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agent.
429 Bush st ! 642 Clay st.
Hello, Grant 185
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY— FREE FARE
FOR NEVADA.
Big Ryndon tunnel, drillers, muckers
..:..... $2 and $2 50
Electrical engineer and machinist, run
power plant In big tunnel ....$75 and found.
Chatsworth Park, machine men. drillers...
$2 and $3
(Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
CASPAR TUNNEL, MENDOCINO CO.
Tunnelmen, teamsters, laborers $2, $2 75
S. P. Co.'s different divisions, California.
Section hands, extra gangs $1 70
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR ALL
ABOVE.
FOR SAWMILL. SHASTA CO.
25 Scandinavians to pile lumber.. $2 75 day
25 laborers around mill $2 40 day.
4 screw-settere, $3 50 day — 3 off bearers —
$2 75.
15 boys, box factory $1 75 day.
Board for Above $20 Month.
For woods" work, north : Ten cross cutters,
$2 day, board;, 2 screw setters, sawmill,
country, $C5 month: 2 hay balers, 22c ton;
leverman. dredger. $60; 10 tunnel men, near
city, railroad work, $2, $2 50, free fare; man
to raise chickens. Incubator, $30 found:
blacksmith, $3 50 day; teamsters $30, $40.
city and country; choremen, milkers, etc.,
$.30 and $35.
'Bus boy, country hotel, free fare, $25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Managing steward, country club. $175
Cook and wife, country hotel $100
Chef. $60; second. $10 (Austrian or German).
' country.
Cook, meat and pastry, country hotel $80
Baker, institution, city, $40 f\ vegetable
cook, restaurant, city, $50; second took, coun-
try hotel. $60; cook, hotel, city, $50; neat
young man carry off dishes, country hotel,
free fare, $25; German waiter, hotel, city,
$30 found ; waiter, country hotel, $30 and fare
advanced: colored waiter, city, $6 week; 3
help's hall wiiters. country hotels. $25-$3O;
storeroom and-) pantryman, country hotel,
south, $M>, fare advanced; butcher, country
shop, $35 found; porters, dishwashers, pot-
washers, kitchen hands, bell and elevator
boys, $35-$15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. .Employment Agents,
429 Bush Gt 642 Clay St.
AN errand boy this office. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 429 Bush St. »
NIGHT barkeeper.- clubhouse (young man).
$40 and board. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 42»
Bush st, :
GERMAN barkeeper, eountry hotel, $40 and
found: coachman. $40 and found; choreman
for institution, $25 and found; 3 men about
place. $25 and $30 and found; 2 farmers and
wives, $40 and $50 and found ; farmers, . $20
and >30 and. found; milkers, $30 and $35 and
found; all-round laundry tnnn, $50 and found;
2 blacksmiths, country, $3 day; blacksmith
helpers and floor men; 4 carpenters, $3 day;
v.8 miners, $2 50 and $3 day; laborers for
mines and quarries. $1 60 day and board and
' $2 50 riay;^N woodehoppers for mine, $1 60
cord: waiters, dUhwashers and 'Others. J.
F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60. or orthopedic
shoes, $3 60; best shoes on earth.' 11 Third
St., Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
"WANTED — Boy for deep water snip; early.
HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES— Continued
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l»07. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl for gener-
al housework and cooking. Apply 32S Vir-
ginia ave., near Elsie, off Mission; phone
Capp 1871.
A YOUNG Swedish girl would like a place In a
email family; cannot speak any English, but
is willing to learn. Please call at 1009 Clay.
HOUSEKEEPING by elderly woman; neat;
economical cock; plain laundress; used to
children; references; wages $12 to $15. 237
Natotna st.
A UEKMAN lady wishes position in private
family; general housework and plain cook-
Ing; wages $15 to $20. Apply 52 13th st.
AN experienced designer and dressmaker wishes
work by the day in families; suits of all kinds
and coats. Box 4970, Call.
Al MILLINER will call on ladles; old ma-
terials utilized; reduced rates during Au-
gust. Box 42es. CalL
YOUNG woman, «%perlenced at office work,
also as a nurse desires position: speaks
French and English. Box 4620, Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced child nurse;
best city references. Address 132 Duncan st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man would like work as carpenter; has
10 years' experience. Box 4625, Call office.
WANTED — By" an all around farmer and wife,
position to take care of small ranch; under-
stands thoroughly all Its branches; capable
of taking entire charge. Box 4298. Call office.
YOUNG man knowing several languages and
sufficient English, wishes a position In
grocery store with bar. to learn the business.
Box 4964. Call office. *
POSITION as salesman, 15 years' experience
In mercantile business also had experience
in railroad Wells-Fargo and bookkeeping.
Box 4248. Call office.
MARRIED man wants a position as all round
man in planing mill; has had experience in
that line. Box 4903. Call office. |
ACTIVE young man, recently from Switzerland,
wishes work of any kind. Address box 4280, i
Call office. ¦ ;
MAN and wife, no children, wish petitions In
country; man good teamEter and handy man;
wife good cook. Box 4269. Call.
A PRACTICAL wlnemaker, perfect in all
branches. 20 years' experience, wants situa-
tion. Box 4621. Call. ¦'
WANTED — Situation as watchman or to drive
team; afa American. Box 4287. Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation; thoroughly ex-
perlenced; can milk; refs. Box 4296. Call.
A JAPANESE young schoolboy wants position
in city: nice small family. Box 4626. Call.
JAPANESE strong man wants a position to
do cooking and general housework; week $7.
AKI, _17 Jones st.. city.
JAPANESE wishes work as a school boy near
Crocker Grammar School. 810 Stockton st,
S. OKUTARO.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllroore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
itufc«crlptlons has been established at 1098
Vulencla st.
FINAXCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Sei.d for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32B Post.
FLATS TO LET.
SWELL new^upper fiat, 8 rooms and bath; 2"
finished rooms in basement; every room sun-
ny; 10 minutes from Market st. ; 1551 Post
st. SPECK & CO.
ELEGANT new upper flat, 1484 McAllister St.;
8 rooms and bath; all sunny rooms. SPECK
& CO.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth— Two new sunny
flats, modern improvements, of 5 and 6
room*; Nos. 1050 and 1054 Noe st. : con-
venient to Castro and Twenty-fourth st. cars;
rents reasonable.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense Hat: ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-259 Geary
st.. on the square.
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market St., within 13 min-
utes" ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. 39*3 Seventeenth gt.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
f25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
LIBERTY. 221, between Church and Dolores —
Flat of 5 large rooms; bath, gas, tubs; cheap
to right party.
COTTAGE, ft rooms and bath; rent $12; no
children. 1229 Cortland ave.
A LOWER flat of 3 rooms, in rear. 2 Hai'-
ward St.. off Harrison, near 8th; rent $7.
GREENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunny; 6 rooms:
new; marine view; $25; open.
MODERN flat of 4 sunny rooms. OSS Sanchez
street^
NOE 151. north Market— Sunny corner flat, 3
bay-windows; 6 rooms and bath; $30.
TO iet— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT, 14 Post st.
VERY sunny upper; NW. cor. Fulton and
Scott; 9 r. A b. ; fine for renting; opp. park.
$11— COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave.. bet. Gough and Octavla sts.
Fl'HMTURB FOR SALE.
ODD pieces of furniture for sale at 1044 Bush
etreet.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
, HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A^T^TlCTrAT^S^N^^ca^sTrHeiioT^ranTTsT
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Restaurant waitress; country, fare paid, $30
and found.
Waitress, cafe, city, choice place.... $25 fd.
Waitress, mining town $25 fd. & wash.
lian and wife, waiter and waitress, coun-
try, $50.
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, cafe,
country. $50-
Waitress. Woodland, Marysville, Chico, Mer-
ced. Barstow, city, springs, resorts, Menlo
Park, Llvermore. Monterey, fares paid to
country places $2tt and $M
Chambermaids, city and country $20
Fancy lroner, first-class country hotel laun-
dry, free fare and room, board and washing,
no Sunday work $35
Man and wife, cook and second, country
hotel. $100.
Laundress, hotel washing, city $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Housegirl, 2 in family, choice place, coun-
try, see party here, $25; housegirl, 2 In fam-
ily, party here, San' Jose, $25; Swedish
housegirl, small family, country, $25, party
here; 3 nurses, $10-$20: cooks, housegirls,
second girls, others, $15-$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
TWO girls for labeling, country, nice work,
$25 and found; also 2 girls to label jellies,
city. $5 week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 420
Bush st. S ,
A GERMAN cook for small family, city, $40;
a cook for Belvedere, family of 4, $30; an
infant's nurse In city. $20; a cook for board-
ing-house in Santa Cruz. $30; a cook for St.
Helena, Ece party here, $35; a waitress for
Fort Bragg, $20 and fare paid: a silver girl
for Fort Bragg, $15 and fare paid; a lady's
maid, $30; a French nurse, $25; a nurse for 3
children, $20; a general housework grlrl for 'Z
in family, Berkeley. $30; 20 housework girls
for city and country, $30, $25, $20. MISd
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
HAIRDRESS1NG. manicuring, massage, hair
. work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 60; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches balrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket rt.. cor. Jones, room 04: positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT: EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY: APPLY AT ONCE.
# AMES A HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
GIRL wanted fop chamber work In country ho-
tel; wages $25 per month; no experience re-
quired. Box 4974, Call office.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear.
43-63 Ellis at. See MR. V. MAGNIN.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear.
(I.'pI Mission at., third floor.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's dresses
and coats. 656 Mission St.. third floor.
A GIRL to do general housework and plain
cooking. 825 Golden Gate ave., upstairs.
WANTED — A girl to do housework and sewing.
Apply 1301 Van Ness ave.
GIRL to do general housework and cooking;
small family; wages $20. 1512 Octavla at
8FIHITPALIS3I. t , .
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night at 8:15 sharp;
readings. 10 to 4 J _338 O' Farr ellst.
_ME~~SWANSON. spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth St.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
25c; fittings. 1000 Harrlscn St.. cor. Sixth.
" C LAIR V O Y AXTS. _[
A^ cXlITaT "ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 ?1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1 *1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell vou whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is* true or false: to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every
hope fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
rlares make* you successful and prosperous,
runs 'disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures: hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to *. 3£« O'Farrell «¦'... 326
MME. M» BERNARD, THE KAMULa
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
b!<3g.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
pre&ent happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you ar* In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
greet medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
ln— by raall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypey. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt.. ccr. Turk: private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; eend lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't rend currency. Sind postofflce,
Wi-lls-Fareo mcney crder or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card j-eade-. l>orn with a double veil and sec-
ond slsht: tells the past, present and future:
ladies, 5Oc; s«nts. H: by carus, palmistry
end clairvoyant sitting; $1 SO. 126 Tuik st.
A— MME. DE CASTRO, palmist and card read-
er, gives advrce on all affairs of life; many
men made a fortune on her advice; unhappy
couples reunited; by mail. 10 questions, $1.
2S2 Sex-er.th st., near Folsom.
Mr*. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a bhort time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin near Grove.
A — Mir.«. Ravenna reads llf?, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st , r.tar MKmet.
MME. MARSEAU, clairvoyant card reader, 25c;
love, life and business. 545 Minna st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c. gents 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gent's 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. HARRIS. 725 Polk — Palmist and psychic
card reader: gents $1. ladies 00c; downstairs.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant care reader; slt-
tln— dally. 44S% Jessie St.. bet. 5th anj Cth.
CARPET-BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
ficor. without removal or Injury- prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. ; phone Main B2.»7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 323 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. MaiTi 3?U. GEO WAI.COM * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.; tel. Mission 253.
COXKLIN # S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
XXI Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 60 Geary — All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. eto.
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 85. 01C Market;
tel. Red 618: collections; gen'T law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms f>-10: tel. 55S0.
COTTAGES WAXTED,
. . . _ _ . , - . ,- j, ,--.„--..
WANTED — Cottage, flat, 4 6unny rooms, bath;
unfurnlybed. Box 4273. Call.
~ ~ ~ DE.XT1STS.
DlCLUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns,$2 up; filllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c, ellver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
C. S. DUCKETT, Dentist, 838 Market st. — All
work guaranteed first class.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentlsta. 900 Mission et.. ccr. 6th.
BHESSMAKERS & SEAMSTRESSI2S.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any oattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
i art's button & buttonhole factor?'. 110 Taylor.
DTEIITG AJSTD CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
DANCING — An evening class is forming now
for private instruction; ladles and gentlemen
only; terms. $5 per month; must give name
and residence. Address A. D., box 4619,
Call office.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary st.,
room 43; ladies' and gentlemen's private in-
struction; reception dally; phone Black 373S.
AYRES, the Ir.ding business college, 723 Mar-
ket et.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
UINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; eet. 20 years; 1412 Polk st., bet.
Pine and California; , adult class now open;
children's class will open Sat. aft., Aug. 15.
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electriclty.24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical echoo! of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec, rain.. mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. ;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St.. noar Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SrANISH Academy— Professor Arrlbas : classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter at.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
Ctlcago Business College* 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $8 mo.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post litrTteT^usirm^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. eto.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 418
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seuns's, 411 ',5 O'Farrell; tel. East 128.
, . . . ' * «A-\ FRAXCISCO CALL.
• BUSINESS OFFICE of Toe Saa Franeisc*
* Call, com w Market a»4 Third ctreets; opea
«rtl! 12 o'clock every night' in the year.
ERA.VCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street.
eorn *r Clay; open until »:30 p. tn.
800 Hayes etreet: opea until 9:30 p. m.
63S McAllister street: open until »:30 p. m.
* 615 Larkin street; open _tll 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
226! Market Btreet. corner Sixteenth; open
. Bntil 9 ». no.
1C« Elevepth rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
1U96 Valencia etreet; .open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *tr*?te; open until 9 p. m.
2200 7*ll!a*>re Ftrt-et; open until 9 p. rn.
'. . MEETIXC VOTICKS.
*» CAUIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
. V.^Sjwelal absembly THIS EVEN- *2&»
•• TNG ct 7:30 o'clock. Order of the g*
Temple. All fftiters .courteously in- ft*
• \ittd.
THOMAS II. BROWNE. Ocmmaniier.
'"t. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
AFVLI'M "f Oolden Gat<> Commandery -ft- I
Nci.lli K T., t:25 Sutter et. — Stated TjtS^ ;
'nsMifiblyTHI^ EVENING at 8 o'clock. EJ |
All f rau-rs arc courteously invited. W
By crdrr of the commander.
THEO FROLICH, Recorder.
BAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal «
' . Anil Masons, mwts THJS EVENING. VVf
• • . Business and M. M. degree. - /? \
* • H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. -
»ErM ANN -Lodge No. 127. F. and A. M. ffl
— fctafed meeting THIS DAY (MON-W
DAY). August :i. 1W5.1, at S o'clock p. /VA
m By> Older oi the W. M.
L. .SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
¦THE rfjufir monthly -*•?». TR. . JP»»—
If etjr.g : : the Society j^Kw^'^'hivS^
* *ul! attendance is rp-
gutfsted. J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
. ¦_& v . ¦
.. TO tlfe officers and member* of the Riggers ¦
1 • sf.d .StrvedoiF*' Aesr>clatlcn — There will be a
vpedaJ uiwtinir hcAJ at 003 Front st.. 5ION-
UAY EVENING. August 3. at 7:30 o'clock.
• frrr business of importance; fines for non-at-
c. tendance strictly enforced. By order of
THOMAS "BRYANT, l'rest. H. JUDD. Rec.
: , Sec.
3"HF; W#»rld'F Christian Co-operative Society (a
DorperatJaa) — The annual election of direct-
vt* and officers will tx» h»l<J at 1215Vj Missiun
s-i 'this «.!ty 3.1 noon on the 4th inst. 13y or-
_r JOHN M. IORTER. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The Rifdon Iron and Lo-
• cctnotive Works — Tb- annual meeting of the i
ttcclhcWA of the Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
:cr \hf easuing y*ar ar.d the transaction of
•uch other buclnees a« may be brought be-
fore the will be hfli atithe office
of the ooTjpacy. No. 238 Steuart etreet San
Francisoo, on MONDAY, tbe Sd day of Au-
. . rvrt. 1303, at 11 o'clock a. m.
. . AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary .
ACEXTS WAXTED.
WANTED— 2 Qr o house to house canvassers:
. Rood position for rirst-clars men. Apply at
1114- V.a^h'.rig-ton St., Oakland, bet. 8 and 12
¦'' • a. m.. room 3.
• ASTROLOGY.
'Astrology taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mend, bookstore. 64a EUis. By mall if desired.
ATTOUXEVS AT LAW.
.* ADVICE FREE— ALL LEGAL MATTERS.
DIVORCE. AND PP.OBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No charse without
> Success; estates, attachments, dasiai;?*.
R. C. ADAMS,
: .. Room 316. third floor, Ers-'nintr building.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner Md.,
•• rm. 611; all cases. (Jamages. estates, wllla, :
. atiachnients. collections, etc.; consultation
,. iree; no advance ch&rses; call or write;
ereauocs by appointment. T»l Red SC01.
PROMPT attention to all cases; divorce.estateb.
collecting; no fees unless successful; call or
write; eves. Tut\ and Fri.; est. 15 y— . ED-
WARD ACKLEY. B27 Market: tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I wi:i advance cost In merttori-
c • cue t*tet, divorces, probate and all other law
•• <aces: no feee tn advance: open every even-
lEg. J. M. THURSTON. 619 Market St., r. 31.
. . ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick, quiet;
• • no charge "without success; established 15 yrs.
•I O W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hale'a.
*. • L. S. CLARK. Emma gpreckels bldg.. 027 Msr-
. " m Ice: tt.'; consultation free; no fees in advance.
.". AITKEN '&. AITK.EN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
•• c •C J !jr.ie b;4g.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
•. Vk ICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. C32 Mar-
, . '-kft t%.. room 23: legal advice; bank refs.
.*.'<• BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
','XOUXQ v«>:k;::g parrots, ?3 each ;Germaii eingtng
canaries, $2; we will try to please 7ou;every-
># - •.thir.g In our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
'. BUSINESS CUA.VCES.
C L" KE~~M^i?E^^7G~!IlvlIj_S IDS --'—
— in — , ;
\ . • ' 0 CATTLE RAISING.
•*** . We will take your cattle and raJse them
o for a sh&re of the profits, guaranteeing you
" * certain' increase. <.
*. If you Irvest your money with us wlXliguaraa-
** ' tee ydu a fixed income, secured by the best ;
e of collateral. . ; •
. 'Bank references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE ASD LAND CO.,
651-661 Hayward bldg.
'. A— SPECIAL NOTICE To Buyers.
.: ..:-. KREDO & CO
. V)? to date brokers 7C5 Market et. ,
. * .... Real Estate and Business Acents
Phone Black CS72 ,
*• • J ubt * to remind you
*. > Beware of inferior titles.
l^pal advice Free Lrgal papers.
Saie notices end mortgajres — ©<-uted: relia-
•ble s;rentF. KREDO & CO.. 7fc5 Market St.
•* A BIG LIST — Saloons, groceries, bakeries, B.
bakeri**. ttatlonery stores, cigar "stands; bus-
iners opportunities all kinds. KEEDO A CO.
• • .ffVi — SALOON: 4 fum. rcorr.t; rent $50: lease;
Al location. See KREDO & CO., 765 Market.
• i'WAXI to sell your business?"
. ¦ See H. W. WILFORD.
, * . • Business Agent,
. 3 Tavlor «t., corner Golden Gate ave.
' *•* 1750 ~ ~ "
.. * Restaurant and bakery located In best pay-
f. . ing district in the city; doing a thriving busi-
ness; t>eats €5; receipts averace $40 daily:
•• rcr:t reasonable: owner ha* other business and
• •' rcust *ell. H. XV. WILFORD. 3 Taylor gt.
. V.'E fi££ire the services of bustlers In every sec-
tion of the country as representatives; persons
< i staridir.tr ability can earn handsome in-
e com** representing us a part, cr all. of their
o tirn*; our r>ian is new; no money or experl-
enc-e required: this proposition will pay you
c • handsomely; do not- f*>il to investigate it: full
particulars free \i\>on request. Address Mer-
o " rhants' Brokerage and Commission Co., Gay
building. St. Louis, Mo.
o $2Sfi — CIGAR stand: O'Farrell et. ; owner sick;
$6 to ?3 day. MOSSMAN. 850 Market et.
• „ SltSVC — SALOON and lodging-house: S.C rooms;
rent $12 .V>; lease. MOSSMAN, 850 Market.
RKSTAURANT business adjoining the Union
Iron Works, rvith aM fixtures and etock; will
0 **st 100 pecple; will be sold at a great «acri-
.' .*, fir*; a rare chance. Apply H. LEHOKE
SONS. RfiO Minnesota Ft.
• .WANTED — Stsedy man to assist In office, wait
on customers ; pay? $73 per month; permanent
placr ;• rrnall capital. :016 Market, room 10.
"SAVINGS bank depositors— A jrilt-edg*> 5 per
c*nt f^curity in «=mall lots. Address by mall
HKNRY BROCK. 731 Baker St.
. i
. FOR £n!e — Parf partnership in the mill and
• cabinet rr.fr. business; old established busl-
*;^" t . ; : ; nets; good opportunity. Box 4272, Call.
c ".; J&fiOO V'ILL buy interest in long-established
•. *K'!*«> and commlftlon buEine«; invest -
« rnmt t.-^II r>ay l.V*. Box 4274. Call.
CAFE and ohophous*; near Market: rent $65;
¦ • m -.. ca41y r«-<~eipts avrrare $50: established years.
fcoe Luttermznn & Co., P16 Market St., rm. 64.
.." tialrdressing parlors ;cheap:value in sight; good
location: retiring. 1153 Market, bet. Tth-Stb.
c VI Rf-'T -CLASS restaurant for sale cheap; must
v." Address hex 4279. Call.
* SALOON but) ness for tale; very cheap. Ap-
ply 45 Van Keen ave.
GENERAL Hack»m!th and shoeing shop; good
. location. 15 Spear et.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
•Incutr* hardware store, 19th and Folsoa sts.
* LODGINC-UODSES FOB SALE.
100 BOOMS; bouse for men; rent $140. .. .$4000
f.S rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
?* rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
II rooms; good income; rent K20 350
21 rocm«; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
VJO roomt; good lease; low rent 6500
1S7 rms. : apartments : Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned nt 1 per cent.
> Hotels, rcadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rocms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MARION GRIFFIN, nn 40*5. Examiner bldg.—
Hotels. Apartment Houses. Flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
HELP WAITED—MALE— Cow.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between -'1 and 33;
good character: must speak, read ar.d write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on laa.l in our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations tn the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
ElIU tt., San Francisco, Cal.; 222Vj n. Main
st.. Los Anseles. Cal., and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento, Cal. :/.
PJBNSIOM atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldsr. Pait Com. Geo. H. Thomas PoU.G.A.n.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
lc;t — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements an.i
subscriptions ba» been established at 100S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and lut^crlption*
received at Call branch office. _t>0 Fti!rr.or>»t.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaced half
price. JH53 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta,
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23a
.to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. l«t and 2<i- «ts.
HORSES A.SD WAGONS.
WELL matched pair of sorrel horses to be sold
at public auction. Wednesday, August 5; 11
o'clock, at Arcada Horse Market. 327 6th it.
OV account of going to build, entire stock of
'wagons buggies and harness must be sold ac
sacrifice. Corner 13th and Valencia su.
GENTLE horse for light work, cheap, at 473
Valencia at. '
RARE chance — * Rood borsea for «ale cheap.
327 Sixth st. • t
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-haad:
new laundry wagoa. cheap. 823 Harrison. st.
Al EXPRESS wasron. light campinsr wagon
and g-ocart for sale cheap. S32 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let: »en« for
ciicuiar. G.H.UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEFORE mining get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post »t.
HOUSES TO LET — Fl'P.SISHEP.
A WELL furnished house, riano. 10 rooms;
very sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonic av».
Apply MADISON A BURKE, 30 Montg. st.
BtiflURBAX HOUSES. _^
3-ROOM cottage, furnished at "Camp Echo."
Larkspur Canyon. C. A. HOLM or postofflce.
LOST AND FO~*D.
LOST — Saturday night, diamond, lizard, emer-
ald center. Return 1203 O'Farrell; lib, rewd.
LOST Blue muley cow. Return to Louis Levy
& Co.'s stock yard. 3S73 Mission at.
IT will pav to ••Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. need* old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB, 9ALLT.
BOILERS, engines. 2- hand machinery. McIN-
TO6H A WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us is that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even if you don't care to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with ejaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; go«l over old
Iron, tin or ahlngles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
WILL contract 2500 barrels per month for on»
year. 14Va gravity oil at 25c f. o. b. Bakers-
fleld. C. E. PRICE. 605 Grant Building. Lea
Angeles. ;
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A^$3 50 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon. _^
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
ginea, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
SECOND mach'y, boilers, engines, pumps,
wood and iron working machinery, bought.
sold ar.d rented. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
FINE Jersey cow; fresh; for family use. 387S
Mission st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Brecic. 131 Pogt st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. ICO Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 10i>
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and secor.d-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT9.
WANTED — 100 teams weighing from 1200 to
1400 pounds at $1 per span and feed by th<*
E. B. and A. L. Stone Company, for railroad,
grading for the Butte County Railroad Com-
pany, near Chlco. Inquire either at the Oak-
land or Chlco office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
$5000 JVORTH cast-off clothing wanted: highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.; tel. Red 3D02.
MONEY JO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests. assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. , Strictly confidential.
When You Need Mcney
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 844
Market St.. tel. Main 1844. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrctt bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $23 up: quick.
quiet, confidential. 2$ Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 108 Grant ara..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.C0O.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. W. LICK. IOCS Mutual
' Bav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 818.
S. F. P1SCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their nota.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
dlamcndx, pearls and precious stone* bough:
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 18.
5% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up: co removal:
V. TREMAIN. room SI. « Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. C. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 533 Kearny.
ETAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes *»tl»out
Indorser. MOURELL. 6T9 Examlnerb!d.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER of good pianos returned from
renters will be «olJ at sreatly reduced prices.
Anions these list rumen ts are several or in©
leading makes. Other bargains:
3 Chlckrrirjts $150. $1S5, $—>«>
1 Klm5ll.w«lnut upright, celluloid keys..$C3
2 Emerson S1&.V »-»
2 Stctnway iA*i. «"vi
4 Heine *£?. \° f^ 5 .
.- 12 squares $ I? A t ? n 'i i S
10 organs $10 to *«a
Rents *2 up. allowed on purchase: install-
ments $4 up; piano-players from $90 up; new
planns trom $117 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
233-237 Geary St.: phone Main 5744. .
STEINWAY upright, left by private party,
$1«3; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vose. Sterling, Jacobsen. Schweca-
ten. Sherwood. Weser. Marshall * Wendell. •
Halnes, Everett. Knabe and othera; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 1U-20
O'Farrt'il. No branches in San Francisco.
THE SIMPLEX PIANO PLAYER la the onlr
piano player that Interprets music as the
author Intended it^The delicate touch or the
powerful stroke can be given at the desire
of the one playing. Call and examine them.
THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO., 763
Market st.
BAND instruments: F. Cesson Parts. mak?r.
Gus Maiw^id. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2<l-hand instruments sold.
P~AUTtFUL 3-pedal Ste'.nway upright piano;
perfect order: nacriflce. Keeff«'*.2S5 O'Farrell.
Family sailing for Australia " offers at sacrifice
handsome Steinway upright piano. SIS Eddy f
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister at.
KOHLER A CHASE. 3O C Farrell at. I largest
, and oldest piano house.
. Dame Fortune Is fickle and is oft very coy;
If you'd woo her be wise and the best means employ.
To help get what you want, in no matter what line,
Is this paper's great aim — so don't whimper or whine
And drive slowly along with an old mule and cart.
Put your ads in The Call,, take In life a brisk part,
. Or else you'll get upset, as you'll learn come fine day.
When the engine of progress is coming ydur way.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to rian
Kranclsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
tho city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the highest
tide Is the samo at both places. ¦
MONDAY. AUGUST 3. 1903.
Bun rtaes r.:!4
Sun sets 7:17
Moon sets.. 1:17 a. m.
O ITlmc Tlmel ITImrl |Tlme
J» | Kt. 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft.
<* IL W II W |L \V. H W
"H *2:1M O..1 0:I.*> 4.21 1:40 2.0 55:00 ~3Ttt
4 8:on o.iio:O8*4.5 2;m 2.0 8:5a 9.3
B .1:451—0.110:52 t.« :t:2S 2.« »:.1fl 55
« 4:201— «>.2 11 :S« 4. S 4:10 2.B lrt;20 ff.5
7 .4:551— 0.2 12 :f>5 4.n 4:4M 2.R io : r><l . 6.3
•R B:2t|— O.lllZ:.^! 1 4.nt r»:27 X.7 11:32 B.2
» fi:ft5J 0.1[ l!04 4.» 8:05 2.5 . .....
NOTK — In the above exposition of the tides
th«» early morning tides ar* given In the left
hand column and • the successive tldea of the
; day in th« order of occurrence a* to tfme;'tho
fourth time column gives the tawt tide of the
day, except when there are hut three tides, aa
sometimes occur*. The heights given are In
Addition to- th* Soundlnirs of the United States
Cotifrt Survey Charts, except when a minus <—)
eltjn precedes 1 the heights, and then the number
given Is ' nubtrarted from the depth given hy
the charts. . The plane of reference Is the mean
OT-tbc lower low waters. -*¦- \
Sun, Moon and Tide.
POINT LOBOH. Aug 2. IO pm — Weather
haay* wind NW,. velocity 22 miles per hour.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
• ; MARSHFIEIjD — Saifed Aug 1— Schr Esther
Buhne. for San Francfjco.
VENTURA— A "••ved July 2— Barge Santa
TKLEORAPirtC.
SAILED.
Sunday. August 2.
Stmr Santa Rnsa. Alexander. San Dtego.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. Greenwood. .
• Stmr Hureka. Jensen. Eureka.
Stmr CJualala. Johnson,- Bowens Landing.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Pomona. Swanwn. Kureka.
Stmr Centialla. Erickson.- San redro, with
stmr AWt *n tow. - •;.
Ptmr Alert (new). In tow stmr Centralla.
Htmr tfeotln. Erickson. . Bowens landing.
Nor stmn Hero. Pyverts?n, I^dysmlth.
Bark HerVia. Nelson. Tacoma. ;
Rark K I* RMhet. MePhall. Honolulu.
Kchr Ida A. Camnbell. Point Reyes.
Schr' Albion, Ols«n; .Coqullle River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. August 2.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 14 hours from Green
*Stmr phoenix, Odlanft 14 hours from Men
docino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Centralla. Erickson, 61 hours from
Grays Harbor: bound south; put in to land
pansengers. . •¦ _
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 15 hours from Cas
par: Oakland direct.
Stmr Edith, Hall} 96 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Chlco. Jensen. 45 hours from Bandon.
Stmr Marshfleld, Dettmers, 21 hours from
.Br^hlD Chelmsford, _ Burd, .75 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Ger ship Slam. Garllchs, 79 days from New
•Br 'shlu ilatterhorn. Warren, 75 days from
Newcastle, Aus. I \
Br bark Cloch, Mowatt, 93 days from New-
IiiverfsU, King, 66 days from New-
*Glea'ner, Schmell, 3»i days' from Co-
IU Sc*r* Wssl« K. Merrlam. 14 hours from San
V Schr 6 Olga" Wa'ldw'lck. 31 hours from Eureka.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Tim».)
. SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2, 5 p. m.
; « S S C w -3
i • I i|?f:I P I
stations. - 2§^35-3 r? s
'¦• s i i ; §
• ? y '¦ •
I Baker 29. S4 74 50 N'F: "pTTTldy .«KI
I Carbon 29. ~V> »1 50 W (Hear w
¦ Kureka ::o.OS 5K . r i2 NW Ckar M)
! Fresno 29.74 lit! 04 NW Clear ' 00
! Flagstaff 20. SO 82 4(i S Cl?ur Oft
; Independence 29. CS !»» t8 S Clf-ar .tx)
Los Angelew. .23. S« 7tl 0(1 S\V clear «0
Mt Tamalpats.2fl.JKJ 74 «0 NW Clear 00
North. Head... 30.12 02 52 o«
Phoenix 29.04 108 70 NW Clear «M>
Pocatello. Ida.29.C(! HO ,Vt 8E Cloudy T
Portland . . . . .."O.OtS <Ki 58 NW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes... 29. Sfl 58 48 • A* W Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.70 DC M SE Clear ,00
Roseburg 30.00 »18 5<J NW Clear .CO
Sacramento .. .29.78 S4 SfJ S Clear 00
Halt Lake 29.70 04 04 S Pt.Cldy .00
San FrancUco.29.»0 60 52 W Clear 00
S. L. Obhu*)..2:».62 70 50 W Clear .Out
San Diego 29. SH 70 «2 W Clear .00
Seattle M.C8 «4 50 SW Cloudy T
Spokane 29.84 74 50 SW Cloudy 00
Tatoosh •".O.Otl 58 SO SW Cloudy 01
Walla Walla.. 29.. SS 74 tK) . SW Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca .29.06 KS 52 W Clear .00
Yuma .20. 00 ICC 72 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over Washington.
Oregon and Idaho: In other districts west of
the Rocky Mountains fair weather prevails.
Light rain is reported from the Washington
coa*t and In Southern Idaho.
The pressure has. risen over the northern
portion of the Pacific SloDe nnd fallen over
Northern Nevada and Southern Idaho.
The temperature has fallen over Washington
and Oregon and remained nearly stationary In
other district)*. It Is nearly normal throughout
California. -
The following high winds are reported: San
Francisco, 30 miles oer hour, from the west-
Point Rey«s. 60. northwest: Salt Lake City
20, uouth. and Modena. 30, soutnwest.
Forecast made n» Ssn Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 3:
Northern California— Fair Monday; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday. -.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday:
fresh west wind. G. H. W'lLLSON,
Local Forecaster, i
Weather Report
TO ARRIVED
Steamer. • From. Due.
Lakme San Pedro Aug. S
Curacao Mexican Ports .|Aug. .!
• Arctic Humboldt |Aug. 3
j Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports.: Aug. •'?
1 Iaqua Humboldt JAug. 3
Arcata Coos Bay & I't. Orford,.\UB. 3
San Pedro ean Vedro !Aug. a
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.lAug. 3
Corona Humboldt |Aug. ."5
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria lAug. 3
Slate of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.|Aug. 3
Texan New York |Aus. 4
Raini.T . . . ± . . Seattle & Whatcom . . . i Aug. 4
Eureka Humboldt |AuS 3
Chchallfc San Pedro |Aug. 5
L'matllla Puget Sound Ports 1 Aug. 5
San Jose New York via PanamaiAug. 0
i Corona do S*n Pedro I Aug. J
Rival Wlllapa Harbor !Aug. 6
I Del Norte.w. Crescent City jAug. «
; Argo Lei River Ports jAu*. G
: Pomona Hu.nboldt iAng- <>
Santa Kosa... San Diego & Way PortsiA'Jg. 6
Ramoua San Diego & Way Portsj Aug. 0
North Fork. . . Humboldt iAug. 6
Point Arena.. Mer.doclno & Pt. AreiialAug. 7
New burg Grays Harbor I Aug. 7
Marirosa Tahiti JAug. 7
Coptic China & Japan.. ... ...l Aug. »
J. Do'lar Seattle & Tacoina |Aug. b
Columbia Portland & Victoria. ..| Aug. S
Claverinf China & Japan JAug. !»
S. Monica .... Grays Harbor , {Aug. 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports |Aus. 1<»
Alameda Honolulu I Aug. 11
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia |Aug. 12
City Pui.nma New York via Panama. lAug. 12
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahului. ..(Aug. 12
TO SAIL.
| Steamer. ; Destination. | Sall3. Pier.
i j Ancu.it :«. '| - I
! San Pedro.. , Humboldt 4 pmjPier 2
I'hoenix Mendocino City 1 pmiPIer l:t
• Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. "» pm|Pier 2
¦ Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm|Pier 2
Csarlna Coos Bay direct... S pm Pier 8
Lakme Arcata direct 5 pm'Pler 2
, AtiKUXt 4. ',
Chlco. Coqulllc River C pmlPier 2
Arcata [Coos B.& Pt.Orford 12 mjPler 13
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.ill am Pier D
C. Nelaon. ..; Grays Harbor.: 1" 5 pm Pier '1
AuKiint .".. j i
Redondo ] Loa Angeles Ports. [ 1 pm!Pli=r 2
Alliance i Eureka & C(xm P.ayilO amIPier Hi
Corona i Humboldt |1 :"0 piPier !>
Arctic Humbclclt ll<> amiPler 10
OiehaliH Grays Harbor.,....! Pier 2
Coos Bay... • Newport &¦ Way.. I t) pni Pier 1»
Denderah.-.j Hamburg itc Way..! - pm Pier 2i
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Iaqua Humbotdt y am Pier 2
AllU'UMt <I.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am Pier in
Ventura Sydney & Way 2 pm Pier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier £4
Auiruxt 7.
Curacao , Mexican Ports..... 10 am Pier 19 ,
Nevadan I Hnolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 20
- AnffiiHt S. i
Argo Eel River Ports | 4 pm Pier 2
Siberia China & Jai>an 1 1 pmiPIer 4O ;
City of Para N. Y. via Panama. 112 mjPler 10 ;
Hlval Wlllara Harbor I 4 pmiPIer 2
AiiU'ilst !».
Ramcna San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
L'matilla. ..• Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmcPier 2
AuiciMt li- j :
Newburg... Grays Harbor I 4 pmiPIer 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amiPUr 24
AnffUMt 1'2.
J. Dollar Seattle & T"co ma - 10 amjPIer 2
~~~" FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I SaliT"
CottascCity.. Skagway & Way Ports. [Aug. S
Sroknn' Skagw .iy & Way Ports.'Aug. 4
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael. ..(Aug. 4
\1-KI Skagway & Way Ports.lAug. 4
birlgo Skagwiy & Way Ports.iAug. 4
Uertha ' Cooks Inlet & Way Pt3. | Aug. 7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports.lAug. 7
Dolphin . • Skagway & Way Port*. [Aug. 7
CltyTopeka.. Pkagway « Way Ports. [Aug. 11
Fai-allon Skagway & Way Ports.lAug. 11
Oregon.. ... Nome iAug. 1(>
Hanta \:.a Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lAug. Hi
Tamplco Nome & St. Michael. . .|Aug. 17
The stf-am schooner Centralla, which sailed
yerterday for San Pedro, took In tow the
pteam 'launch Alert.
• _
Movements of Steamers.
Takes Steam Launch in Tow.
The b\g^ lake-built freighter Minnewaska,
twin sister tc the Mlnnetonka, arrived from
New York Saturday evening and will dock'to
day at Steuart-street wharf. She was eighty
four days from New York, twenty-eight days
from Coronel and two days from San Diego.
She encountered heavy weather coming through
the Straits of Magellan, but met with none of
the thrilling experiences which added to the
excitement of the Minnetonka's trip. The
Minnewaska han a large cargo consigned to
the American Hawaiian Steamship Company.
Her commander. Captain Laverge, is well
known here. He left this port laFt In com
mand of the whaleback Everett, when that ves
sel took from here part of America's contri
bution of grain to the starving people of
India.
Minnewaska Docks To-Day.
Three more of the big fleet of coal car
rying merchantmen bound here from
Newcastle, Australia, reached port yes
terday after fairly fast passages. Two of
them left the Australian port on the
same day, but neither sighted the other
until both veasels were within "a few miles
of the Golden Gate. They were the
British ships Chelmsford and Matterhorn,
and they made the trip in seventy-five
days, reaching port ahead of three ves
sels which started before them, but not
as soon as several that started later. The
German ship Slam, which arrived yes
terday from Newcastle, Australia, was
( seventy-nine- days coming across. She
brought 2541 tons, of coal. The Chelms
ford and Matterhorn brought, lespectlve
ly, 3750 and 2900 tons of coal. •
The French bark Cloch and the British
bark Inveresk, both from the Australian
coal port, were reported outside about" 5
o'clock. The Inveresk left Newcastle ten
days. after the Matterhorn and Chelms
ford and niore than two weeks after the
Cloch, whose voyage occupied ninety-two
da ye.
All the Way Across, However,
They Never Sight
Each Other.
Ships Leave Australia
Together and Arrive
Side by Side.
BOTH MAKE TRIP
IN SAME TIME
Paula, frt tow tn* Reacts brace July 31; »tmr
Asuncion, hence July 31, and sailed for Jit-.
dondo.- ¦ f ' ' ¦"¦ ¦ "*¦_"_¦ '
Sailed Aug 2— Barge Santa >PaiiIa. for San
Francisco, In tow tug Rescue. • _
TATOOSH— Passed In Aug 2— Bern- Tam-us.
from San Pedro, for Everett; U S »tmx Barn
side, from Sltka. --. _ "
PORT TOWXSEND — Passed in Aug 2— Schr
Soquel, from San Pedro, for Orympla; He snip
River Indus, from Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 2— Schr Ivy. *°r San
Francisco: schr Western Home, for San F«n
clsco; stmr Arcata, for San Franeiaco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 2 — Stmr Alliance,
from Cooe Bay: stmr Navarro, hence July 31.
Sailed Auk 2— Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived J Aug 2— Stmr
State of California, from San Diego, and sailed
for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Aug 2. i a m. etmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco; 3 pm, stmr Ra
mona. for San Pedro. 1
BAN'DON. Or — Arrived Auk 2 — Schr On
ward, hence July 22.
REDONDO — Arrived Aug 2 — Stmr Asuncion,
hence Joly 31. -^r-
JSLAXD PORTS.'
HONOLULU— Armed Aug 1— Br itmr Mlo
wera, from Victoria.
Sailed Aug 1— Bktn Coronado. for San Fran
cisco.
HILO— Arrived July 26— Schr Bertie Minor,
from Eureka. July 29 — Stmr Enterprise, hence
July 18.
KAANAFALI — Arrived July 2^— B»rk Dia
mond Head, from Honolulu.
KAHULUI— Arrived July 31— Stmr Nebras
kan, from Honolulu. .
OCEAN STEAMERS. . .;.
NEW TORK— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Tauric
from Liverpool and Queenstown; «mr Furnes
sla. from Glasgow and Movllle; stmr Moltka,
from Hamburg. Southampton and Cherbourg.
LIZARD — Passed Aug 2— Stmr Vaderl&nd,
from New York, for Antwerp.
. LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Ultonla.
from Boston, via Queenstownr stmr Celtic,
from New York, via Queenstown.
Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Bovic, for New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Vancouver,
from Boston, via A*ores. for Oenoa.
ST JOHNS. N F — Arrived Aug 2 — Stmr Car
thagenlan, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for
(•LAS 3OW— Arrived Augr 2— Stmr Columbia,
from New York, via Moville.
Sailed Aujr 2— Stmr Numldlan. far New
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER— Sailed Aus 2— Stmr
Rhyndam, from Rotterdam, for New York, and
passed Lizard.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Alts 2 — Stmr
Bremen, from Bremen, for New York. •
QUEENSTOWN— Hailed Aug 2 — Stmr May
flower, from Liverpool, for Boston; stmr Etru
rln. from Liverpool, for Boston.
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, HOBDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
11
AUCTION SALES
FIRE SALE of 5 surreys. « rubber tlr»». 2
business, 10 road " buggies, ' 3 two-seated
spring wagons. 9 carts, 3 pony carts; thea«
goods roust be sold; they are slightly dam-
aged; also a carload of good young well-
broke horses. At 1140 Folsom. TUESDAY,
Aug. 4. 11 a. m.
fei fe Jfefc
AUCTION SA1.E of HORSES. WAOO.V
HARNESS. WEDNESDAY. Aug. 8. at 11
a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 327 Sixth
street. JOHN J. DOY1— .
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
California
Limited—
To CHICAGO
|Kj|f^| An vldea! Train
fe^^prai For Those Who
KrW^ Seek the Best
SANTA KB TBAINS "J^|
Lea.T» Maxfcet-stree4 Ftrry Dapot. j
I Local I Unj'd I Local I OVii'ixJ
1 Dally ) Dally I D*tly t D»Uy ,
Lv. San Fran.. T:3O al »:30 a 4:00 p S:0O 9
Ar. Stockton... 1O:4O a 10:0l p 7:10 p 11:1* 9
" Merced 1:03 p 1:53 p 1:M •»:
"Fresno 2:40 p 8:2O p 3:13 a
"Hanford ... 4:58 p 4:07 p ....... 7:5O a
" Visalla .... 4:53 p 4:43 p ..«* M . 5:00 %'
" Bakersfield . 7:15 p 6:00 p ....... 7:33 a>i
" Kansas aty 2:83 a -T~.~ T:» *-
*• Chicago 2:13 P ». 8:47 6;
a for morning: p for afternoon. ,
7:30 a. m. Dally 1» Baierafleld XocaL ctop«
ping at all points In San Joaqutn Vallty. Cor*
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9 -30 a. m. Monday and Thursday ta tls*'
CALir0B2flA IiIMTTllIK CMXTpag Pftl«
ace- Sleeplnff Cars and DlnLog Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs tx> Bakeni-
field for accommedatlon of local flrat-daaa pas- -
aengera. No second-class t!cketa ar* honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrive* at'
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited. Corapemlt* .
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Baxan- :
field and San Francisco. Corresjondtajr traia
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. in. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily. .
8:0O p. m. Daily la tb* Overland Brprea*
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers aad
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago; also'
Palace Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno. Cor*
responding train arrives at 8:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kan—a City.
Chicago and East leav* San Francisco «v«ry
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and tn Ferry D«-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTERN HY. CO.
_j_!SS_!_I
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
SAXLWAT COMPA— T. .
Tilraroa ferry, root of Market St.
SAW 7BA2TCXSC0 TO SAW EAPAXi.
WEEK DATS— 7:$0. 8:00 8:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 0:10. 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30 •
P. tn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7 :30. 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:S0.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW SA7AZTTJ TO SAW 7BAWCISCO.
WEEK DATS— <J:OS 6:50 7:33 7:50, 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:60. 12:00. 3:40. 6:00. 6:20.
6:23 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. ra
SUNDAYS— 6:50.. 7:33 8:20. 11:13 a. m.; 1:43.
8:40. 4:80 5:0O. r>:2O. 6:10. 6:23 p. m.
t Except' Satan— yi. 'V '"^
'. Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco, j May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sue- I Destina- ! Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Uon. j days. | Days.
7:30a 7:15 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40 a
ft:O0a 9:30 a ¦ Ignaclo. • 10:20 a 10:20 a
2.30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10p 3:10p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:23 p
7:30 a 7:30 a ~ 7:45 al 7:49 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Pataluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. «
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:2O ailO:20 a
8:00a 8:0Oa Fulton. 7:23pi6:20p
2:30 p 2^30 p | 7:23 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a -
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland (10:20 a|10:30 s> ¦
2:30p|2:30p} and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a) WllUts. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
8:00a( 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p) Gnernevllle. | 7:23 p| 6:20 p
~8~7oOa! 8:00 al Sonoma. | 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 0:10 p[ Clen Ellen. [ 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 7:30 al ' " 110:20 a|10:20 »
2:30 p| 2:30 pf Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for Saa
Quentln, at Santa Koea for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Spring** at Lytton for Lytton Springs:
»t GeyservUl* for Skagga Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs High-
land Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Fomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. E.lerry*«, BuckneU's. Sanhedrln
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*« Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche, Camp Stevens. Hop- '
kins, Msndoclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport.
Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cua-
mlngs. Bell* s Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dytr.
Carbervllle Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sunday — Round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office. 630 Market street. Chronic!*.
bulMlnj.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RTAM.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa*. Aft.
~~~ TO SAM RAFAEU
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry ¦
WEEK DAT&-<Holldays excepted>-^:43.
t»7'45 6:43 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. •1:43. 3.14,
4 IS , WMT tS:13. 6:43. 9. 11:43 p. m.
7i43 a. m. train week days does not run to
M SirsrDA e Y r S AND LEOAI. HOL1DATS-7.
18 t«8 t'lft 11^ m:3*> a, m.. M2:3>i. fl:30.
2 35 50 5. «. 7:30. 0. 11:43 p. nt.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quenttn. Tho««
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 3:13 p. m. Satur-
days On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runa
t0 T^M*i"\>r HAFAEL. TO SAM FRANCI3CO
_™k dayV-525. t6:25. 7:40. 3:13
Ili06 * ".12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 6:io. «:45.
10 SU\DAY3- «:13. 7:33, J3:10. 8:40. $10:53.
tll-45 a7ii7l2:5O. 2:30. J3:23. 4:*0, J3:30. .
B-55 735 1O:2O p. m.
Trains marked <t> start from San Q^wntln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAX FRAN-
rru-o— Week day*— 5:15, 6:40, ":45, 8:23,
9 U5? iTIlO^T «n* 12140. 2:43. 4:15. 6:10, 7:ui.
1O s1?NDATS— «:35, 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. ra., 12:03.
105 -"40 3M5. 4:53. «:03. 7:1», 10:10 p. m.
l.uo. _.*v. TUROCGH thaINS.
7:45 a. «n-. week days — Caxadero an<t way
•^"lTp. m.. week days (Saturdays exctpt«4>~
' Tomales and way stations.
3:13 j- ax.. Saturdays — Cazadera and way
stations-
Sunday* ana Legal Holidays— 8 a. m.. Caza.
dero «nd way «tation».
Sundays and Legal Holidays^ — 10 a. ra.. Point
Reyes «nd 4 way station*.
TICKET OFFICE— C2« Market it.
FERBT— Foot of Market st.
MOUiNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave »i« S*_™» twrj Arri— '
?San Fran. fwtrfltarkOK, 3— Fraty.
Week . Sun- _i_S_w Sor> Week
9:43a H:0Ua P lijfl ||K| I fl U'OOs t>: lf>A
l:45p 9:00a I— *— ~— *— BM_y li-.ROr 2:30*
5:15p10:OOa 3:3Or S-.iOr
latarfayi wiy. m.n TtrtniT 9:3Qp.irnT>l/. li:3O»
mill J 625 Maszxt St.. (Korth Shore Railroad)
tfflOB 1 aad Saosaltto Psxxv Foot Market St.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ROOMS AND BOARD.
; AMOY. THE 601 DBVISADKRO 8T.
1 Strictly first -darn family hotel; sunny rooms,
I suite or alngU; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opD. Grace Church,
with annex, S07 California st. — Attractive ln-
terior; exceptional table; frte bllllard-room.
TWENTY-FIRST. 327&-~Near Guerrero: sunny
room; hot, cold water: hotna cooking; reas.
THE JOHNSON 605 OTarrell St.— Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board; reft.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL XOTICEs/
PILES-PETER KREtLlNO'B rile salve. ?1 per
box; warranted to cure nil cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, Internal or protruding piles
10^ 1 fa "' no ma t te r of how long standing.
1B2S Devlsadero nt.. near Butter.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM
household goods stored, moved shipped T25-
«31 Howard st., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-R0D0LPirBto7age A Movlng~Co. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. '571.
CONKLIN'S etorage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 GolJen Gate ave.; phone East 128. I
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehf ust.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232Q Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
tC pages. In wrapper, for mailing. >1 per year.
STUTTEiUXG AXD STAM.MKRIXOJ
MELBOURNE System School. Van ~Nep« an-l :
Market: pcsltive cure for all. Don't delay.
TVl'liWKlTEHS AND SDPl'l.lKS.
OBEAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California: telephone Main 260.
i A FEW good typewriters at $-J0 each: get par-
I tlculars. L. &. M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont- :
gomery st. j
2D-HAND typewriters told, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ir.fpoc. Co.. 200 Sansome.
DIVIDEND .\OTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder^^ConT- '
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. • tn, of fifty :
cents <5t.:o» per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has boen declared, pay- ,
able at the office «f the company, rooms "yfi, '
2C» and '_*ufi. Hayward Building. San Fran-
cisco on August 10. 1903. Transfer books
close August a, 19C", at noon. C. C. QUINN,
Secretary. ' ' I
BIRTHS— rMBRIAGES— DEATHS,
I'irth, nmrriagf and dtath notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed ,
I In at either of the ijublication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to havp the same published.
BORN.
CROSBY— -III this city; August I. ir>&',- to the
! wife of ,T. H. Crosby, a daughter.
! »— — «—^—^»«—^^^^,
DIED.
I5<v-'ker. I>iei5rioh Kornfeld. Diarlfs
t'lar". William J. Lindrui. Annie S.
<"<-nky. Ai'.a S. McGowan. IirMitet
r- Convery. Helen Murray. William
I>alley. Thomas V. 1'n.ulspn. Frederick
' Djnaldson (infant) llandhahn. Richard
(lallagher. Mar> R*gan, Jeremiah
; Gihbie. William lioberts. James T.
Oorer. Kunigunda Kvan. Joseph B.
• Jraham. At.drtw Taylor,- <"harles Mel.
Hall. John P. Walsh. Mary J.
j Ile^tley. Minnie G. Webster. Mary E. /
¦ Krnriculle, Elisabeth Wlese. George- H. *
Hoogemlyk. Marie Wisenyin. L. J-
Katz. David Young. George L.
I Kr.lerr. Byron F.
BECKER— In this city. August 2. 1003. Died-
rich Becker, dearly beloved husband of Wil-
htlmlne Hecker. and father cf Mrs. J. E. C.
von Orten, Mrs. Aug. Hansen, Mrs. K. A.
Groezlnger ar.d Kdna Becker, a native of
Hanover, aged 07 years and 4 months.
CLARE— In this city, August 1, 100.1, William
J. Clare, beloved son of the late John and
Anna Clare, beloved brother of Mrs. Mary
O'Malley, Mrs. Sarah Hurtle and Michael
Clare, and uncle of John T. aad Edward
O'Malley and Eddie and Thomas Hurtle, a
native of Manchester, England, aged 4."> j
years. A member of the Veteran Firemen's
Association of San Franci?eo.
IC7Frk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ;.'t- i..l the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:.'>0 o'clo«k. from his late resi-
dence, 7*£{ Brannan Ktreet. thence to Kt.
Rose's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONLEY— In Oakland. August 2, IDOrt. at BOO
East Sixteenth street, Ada Elizabeth Conley,
beloved mother of Harry E., George D.,
Irir.a E. and C Edsar Conley. a native of
California, agtd -II years « months and 1U
days.
CONVERY— In this city, August 2. 1903. Helen,
beloved daughter of l*atrick and the late
Annie Convery, and tister of Annie and Cath-
erine OUUll'ty and Mrs. A. W. Shields, a r.a- j
tlve of San Francisco, aged 21 years and »j
month?. >
C_.**Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend"the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at ti : 15 o'clock, from her late
rt-sidencr. 254!t Poet street, thence to St. j
Dominic's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the rtp° E e of her soul j
at 10 o'clock Interment Holy Cross Cense- j
) t~jr- - :
I DAILEY — In this city, August 1. 100.5. Thomas 1
V.. beluvtd husband of trte late Mary Ann I
' Dailey, and father of William. Kittle and !
I Ella Dailey. Mrs. A. Wales and the late
i John Daiiey, a native of St. John, New
j Brunswick, aged TO years and 11 months,
j (C? Friends and acquaintances are re^pect-
'• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i (Monday), at 12:."i0 o'clock, from his late
residence, £M7 Twenty-second street, thence 1
to St. Peter's Church for vervict-s at 1 o'clock. |
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery. '
DONALDSON— I.i this city. August 2. 1900', j
Infant ssn of Robert and Mary Donaldson, I
: a native of San Francisco.
i GALLAGHER— In this city. August 2. lOO.').
I at the residence. TJi> Langton street, Mary. ;
relict of the late B:rnard Gallagher, and !
mother of Re be, Daniel and Molllp Gal-
lagher, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 57 years (i months and 2:) days. I
G1BB1E— In tfala city, August 1, 1!KO. Wll- i
Ham Gibbie, a native of Scotland, aged bU '
years. '
GOGER— In Oakland. August 2. 1!X»3. Kimi- !
gunda Gog^r. a native of Germany, aged iC' I
years.
GRAHAM— Ih this city. August 2. 100."'. An-
drew, beloved hu»tand of the late Sarah •
j Stewart Graham, beloved' father of Margaret >
V. Graham and the late George A. and Wil-
liam J. Graham, ar.fi brother of Willia'i*
Grahan.. a native of Donegal, Ireland, agtd j
d years ."1 months and Vi daya.
11 ALL — In this city. August 1. 100:5, John P., !
dearly beloved husband of Mary B. Hall, j
and father of Annie, May nnd 31sle Hall
and Mrs. J. R. llockman, a native of Syd- '
ney. Australia, aged t'A) years. }
fCT" Funeral to take place from his late j
residence. MIC Filimore street, thence to 1
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re- :
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose [
of his soul to-morrow (Tuesday), at 0 o'clock.
Interment private.
HEATLEY— In Oakland, August 2, 1!W5, Mln
• nle G. Heatley, bHoved wife of Charles W.
Heatley, daughter of Mrs. Annie Ewart, and
aister of John M., F. and Robert Ewart, a I
native of Ireland, aged 28 yeara U months
and 14 days.
E5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Tuesday. August 4. 1903, at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1215 Eighth street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. j
HENR10ULLE— In this city. July 30. 1903.
Elizabeth Victoria Henrloulle. dearly beloved
daughter of John B. and Mary A. Henrloulle,
beloved si*ier of the late Louis Jofeeph Ilen-
rioulle, and niece of Qregolre of this city,
Louis J. of San Mateo and the late Gustave
Henrloulle of this city, the . late Mrs. K.
Baccus of Mountain View, Mrs. Juliana
Waht of Fresno, Cal., and Mrs. August
Bimmerle of Eden Vale, Santa Clara County,
Cal., a native of Ean Jose, Cal., aged 17
yters 11 months and S days.
E7Frie-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
August 3, 1003, at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner A Guntz Undertaking
Compauy, 1209 Mission atreet, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Notre Dame de»
VIetoires Church. Bush street, between Orant
avenue and Stockton street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
HOOGENDTK — In Alameda, August- 2. 1003.
Marl« Hoogendyk, wife of A. C. Hoogendyk, :
and mother of William, Wltte and Cornelius
Hoogendyk, Mrs. C. C. Pease and Mrs. C.
li, CaretenK, a native of Holland.
KATZ— In Oakland. Sunday. August 2. 1i)0J,
David Katz, dearly beloved husband of Mrs
Sarah Katz. and father of Mrs. M. Isaacs*
Mrs. Ella Hlumentbal, Mrs. M. Rdvengarden
Mri>. Y. Lewis. Miss Clara Katz and Aaitm
Katz. a native of Germany, aged 77 years 11
. months and 23 days.
ETFrlenus ana acquaintances are respec.'- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. August 4. 1&0.1, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence. S5«H Bewnth street, corner- We*b-
eter. Interment Mountain View Cetuctery.
Please omit flowers. . •
j[ NEAREST THE CITY Tji '
[ OFFICE: 916 MARKET S^ J !
BAILWAY TBAVEXb
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
. Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FHANCI3CO.
<Maln Line. Foot of Market Street ) >
LKATK ¦— FKOM ACSPST 1. 1908- ' — A»«IT»
7.00a Benlcla, Sulsun, Elmlra and 8»cra- ~~
mento 7-25*
7.00a VacsTllle, Winters. Rumsey 7.25*
7.30a Martinez, . 8«a Ramon. Vallejo,
Kapa. Callstogs, Santa Rosa B-25F
7.30* Ntles. Llrermore, Lathrop. Stock-
ton 7.25T
8.00a Darls. Woodland. Knights Landing.
M»rysTlUe. OroTilie. (connects
at MarysTille for Ortdley, Biggs
•nd Chlco) «Z-§|*
8 00 a Atlantic Express— Ogdensnd East. 10.26*
8.00a Port Costa, Martinez, Antloch. By-
ron,Tr»cy.Stoc!ctoD, Sacramento,
Los Banon. Mendota, Hanford.
VlnalU. PorterTille m4.25»
8.C0a Port Costa, Martine*. Tracy, Lath-
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Goeben JnnctlOD, Hanford, Vi-
salla. Rakenfleld B 25f
8.30a Shasta Kxpress— Darls, Wllllami
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFruto, Red Bluff. Portland 7.55F
8- 30* Xiles, San Jose, Llrermore, Stock-
ton, lone. Saeramento.PlacerTllle,
MnrysTllle. Chlco. lied Bluff 4 25*
8 30* Oakdnle. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
nor». Taolumne and Angels 4 Z5r
S-OOa Martinet and War Sutlons S55p
10C0a Vallejo« 1225F
diOCO* El Pado PacsenKfr. Eaatbonnd.—
Port Costa, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
" - Merced. Kaymond, Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlaalla, Bakerefleld. Los
Angeles and El Paso. (West
bound arrives via Coast Line)... «1.30r
10 00a Tbc Overland Limited — Ogden.
DenTer, Omaha. Chicago. S*2 P
1200m Hsyward. Nllesand Way Statloni. 3.25P
11-OOr Sncramento HI ver Steamers til.CQp
330p Benlcla, Winters. 8acrament<\
Woodland. Williams. Col««a,Wt!-
lows. Knights Landing. Marys-
Ttlle. OroTille and way station*.. 10.554
3.30P Hiiywanl.NIles ami Way Stations.. 765P
4.C0p Martlnez.SaiiUainon.VaHeJo,Sapa,
Callstoga. SanU U«>sa I'?? 4
400p Martinez. Tracr.Lnthrop.Stoeklon. 1025*
4 OOp Nllea. Llvermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25P
43Cp Haywanl. Nlles. Irrlngton, San J t8.55a
Jose. Llvermore f {11.55a
B-COp The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare.
l".:iker»r.-ia, Los Angeles: con-
' nvcts at Situirtis for Sinta Bar-
bara 8.65*.
8 C0»* Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Lot
r.aiios 12.25p
IB 20p Hayward. Mies aud s»n Jose 7.25a
6.C0p Hayward, Ntles and San Jose 10-25*
6.00P Oriental Mttll — Ogitcn. DenTer.
(niinliu. St. Louis. Chicago and
Ka>t- (Carries Pullman tv pas-
seni;ers only out of Sun Fran-
clsuo. Tourist car and coach
I "Hampers take 7.U0 p. m. train
tn Kir.o, continuing thence In
li.flr iar« ft p.m. train eastward.. 4.2&P
WeftDcuiK?, Sunset Limited —
h'rum New York. Cblcago. New
(irltuuf. El Prtoo. Los Angeles,
> rcsno. Doreuila. Haymond (from
Yut-emite). NarKnez. Arrives.. 8-25*
7.C0p San Pablu. Port Costs. Marlines
and Way Statlocs 11-25*
j *7C0p Vallejo ..>, 766p
7- CCp Port Cottta, Benlcla, Sulsun, Davis,
Sacramentp, Trnekee, ISeno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sai-rsmento 7-55*
8 C5p Oregun A Cftliromla Kipre»s— Sac-
ramento, MuryHTllle, Redding.
Puitlnud. I'ux<-t Soan>l and East. 8-55*
; ;S-1C!" Hay ward. J< lies and San Jose(Sun-
! clayonly) 111.55*
I 11.251* Port C'oota, Tracy, Lathrop, Mo-
; «ir»to, M erred, Kajmond (to Yo-
setnltf). Fresno, litnfurd, VI-
J tally B-tkorslleM 12251
' COAST LI N E l^arrow Ua B ;e).
(foot of Murbot Street.)
' ;7-45a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sundny
ocly) J8.10P
1 815* Kewnrk. (.vmervllle. San Joee,
Feltoa. Itoulucr Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6 25?
I t2.15p Newark. Centi-rvllle. San Jose.
¦ New Aln;ndcn. Loa Gatos.Felton.
, Uoulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
i Principal Way Stations 10-554
j 4.1&P Newaik. San .lose. Loa Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
; Sandsy runs tbroogh to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
: Cruz). Connects at FeUoo to
and from Boulder Creek *3 E5i
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN n:A.NCI>CU, Jr'out or Market. St. (Sllpj)
— tJ:13 9:fO 11:1)0 a.*. 100 300 6.16 P.M.
From OAKLAXD. Coot of Broadway — 1«:W» J3:M
13:ft> 1Q:W>a.m. 12 00 200 4-00 p.m.
COAST LINE <«">««» «»«ge).
; tJf (third wail Towimend streeu.)
6.10a San Jose and W«y Station* 7-30p
?7 00* San Jose and Way Stations 6-30p
/8.00a New Almaden (Tses., Frfd.) ;.... /410p
37-16* Monterey and Santa Cruz Ezcor-
Hod (Snnday only) !8 30r
8 00* Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jo«e,Gllroy.IIoU!ster,PaJaTO.Ca#-
trovIUe. S.i!lD»«. San Arlo, Paso
Hoblf s. Sunt* Margarita, San Lois
oblnprv. (principal Htat Ions thence)
Santa Barbara. Sangns and Los An-
peles. Connection at Castrovtlle
to and from Monterey end PaciQe
Crove and at*Pajaro north bound
from Capltola and SantaCrnz 10.45*
9X0* Sin Josn. Trea Plnot. Capltola,
. taantaCmz.PadflrflroTe.Sallius,
.v San Luis Oblspo and Principal - .
Intertnrdlate Station* 4.10r
Westbonnd El Paso Passenger. —
- . From Cbfcago. El Paso. Los An-
.-•ii. geles. 8anta Barbara. Arrives.. 1.30P
10-30* Ean Jose and Way Stations........ 1.20P
11-00* Cemetery I'asseu?cr — South San
* Francisco, San Brnno 1.05p
- 11-30* San Joie. Los Gates and Way Sta-
,„ lions 6.36?
a I-3pP San Jo*e and Way Stations x7.00>
2.C0P San Jose and Way SUtlons 5940*
2.30P Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
, Francltco, Saa Brnno 4.35P
T .5.00P Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa "
. ¦ ' Clara for Santa Crnz. Boulder
a ,n. Creek and Narrow Gaujre Points) f12.1Sr
ajur BurliDjrnnie. San Mateo, Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto May Held,
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, 8an Jose. Gllroy (connec-
tion for Hoillster. Tres Plnos),
., Pajaro (connection for Wats— -
villa. Capitola and Santa Crnz),
Pacific GrOTer and way stations.
Connects at Castrovllle for Sa-
Unas 10 45*
. 5'52* SaB Jo » e •"d War Station* 8 36*
tBXOP gan Jose. (vU Santa ClaraV Lot
Gates. Wright and Principal Way
Stations... ;-.. . ... t9.00*
9&.3QP SanJoseandPrlncIpnlWtiyStaUona 18 00*
TS.16P banMateo,neresford,Behnent.Saa
Cartos. liettwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t6.48*.
F30r San Joee aDd Way Stations 8-38*
7 XOp Sunset Limited. Eaitlwnnd.— Saa
LBh Obfjpo. Snnta Burbarn. Lot
Angelet, Uemfng. El P«»o. Jlew
Orleans. K«w York. (Westbound
• rn »= B " t . y , < '» Tl "?-" J <""innVaIley)... •'tJ.JS*
• .COP Palo Alto an.1 Way Stations 1015a
nl13tPNIUbrae,l'iii<» Alto and W»8to IW -' 8 *
tlons .......' ?« AKw
• IIJOPMlllbrae. Snn Jote'a'nd Way's tiA
""n» I9.4SP
v c f 2 r Mornin 8. P for Aturnoon.
* batutday itnu Bnndty only. -
} Stopu at all atatlona on Sunday.
t Snmfay excepted. J Sunday only.
o Saturday only.
d Connects atGoaben Jc. wltU tralna for Hanfanl
TUalla. At Fresno, for Visalla via Sanger.
« Via coast Line. /Tuesday and Friday.
•• ArriTc »la Nllet. m Dally exeept Satnrday.
*r \ la Saa Joaiioln Valley.
% Sfot>» Sinu Clara »ottth bound only. Connects,
fieeftt Sunday, t»r til points Harrow Oange.
Crf~O«ry train* »topptng at Valencia St. scntbbound
are 6: 10 a.m.. 11:OU a.m» 2:30 p.j». and tiSO rj*.
yrilCAl^JtKSTRCMHyTS—Con.
'¦ A1^Hg»k___^«^&^^ t
MUXEaeto, remlrer. 2 Latham P Uce.
MEDICAL. '"
•* r^i^;^" Sxvo<>t takf ¦¦ Ia(lie!i lieforp •"<» < lu *--
roor«-r^r n^ n '.i- tnfsnt * adcrted: $15; $5
room* & board; 23 years* f>i>f>rionre. 2S2 7th.
"^JSS^y^Si fpeclaiirt for all female
\Z?£ * irtE: Inrtant reller guaranteed: ao
>f*r» experience. ?2?i p otit 8t . t nffar Jones.
R - K S Ht> - Pliable specialist for all fe-
rnai* troubles and. irregularities: instant re-
.__LSy_ r A n l!__i2^ l i Mark* et.. crp. 5th.
.MRS. IV ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladie**
H^rtalist; a private home before and during
connnegicat£j>est medical care; low fee«.
DB. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB?;
-,-g rirln&1 method cf treatment. ll^^Market ft.
Drs. GootJwla. Turk. nr~Vaa Ne*»— Expert
in ebstctrte*. tfrnale cemp:; 25 yrs. experience
DR. IJOSEN. moved to~2393 Folsom Ft., cor.
- 26th - relief $10; ladle*' exclusive office.
DR_. NG TOY KEE, "ia PcVeil st.-. opposite
T'ril'yt square; all diseases cureii hy herbs.
OFf ICES 'A.\D tTURES TO LET.
;'MMA EPRECKKL? building. J27 MarV.t st.—
Office to let; rent $1.V lifht. !.-i*. ;anitor anl
telephone. ASHTON A: J.VRrHXER.
J>£KSOXALS.
• WE would like to rut a copy of The Advert is-
" " ing- World intr> the hands of « very i«Tsnn who
hwj»E any kind of a store: every new!=;>ap<?r
man." every advertising writer, every person
"' interested in" bUFino^s of any kind; we send
•• sample* copies free on request, and the paper
u*ual!v isiikrs friends for ttMlf at first sight.
It (Fn^'made to tie j rettv. but to be helpful —
an« its •circulation of 2-'t.O<*» (biggest of Its
< las* in the world) shows that it is helpful.
Mai" we have vour address? The Advertising
\V(«^ Columbus. Ohio.
• a— ri'^AL ELKMISHES REMOVED.
¦^'rli*C-«*», yellow anj-flabby skin, birthmarks,
rmallpox. pittings and scars scientifically re-
moved wlthcut cutting. ir.aEsage.electriclty or
rriffilciTie; ci>ecial <Jemonstration» this week,
rail cr write Da. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED — 777 ladies with scalp diseases; loss
cf -Hair and premature praynets prevented.
?Can treat by mall. Blank for Ftamp.) Con-
rultation free, S:30 to ti; Sunday*. K» to 12.
•. ' Prof. "GEO, A. CARLOW. Specialist, room
218, 937 Market et."
1JORPHINE. «pium and laudanum habits cured
•¦-.at home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
fpond^nce strictly confidential; in plain, sealed
ornvtlope: call or writ* to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk Ft.; Bruce D. Kimmis. Mkt.
.. .THE Star Hair R^nedy restores pray hair, im-
• • proves its growth ;stcps falling ;cures dar.druS
.- and* itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cletases sc*!p;at druggists'. hair<!rfssers';ac-
cCept no substitute. Star Remedj-Co..3S5Geary.
. NOT how cheap, but bew good, is the motto of
• .. the manufacturer* of the Rapid Rotary
Ftandard the eewityr-naachine of to-day. J.
wTEVANP. agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
¦ • mamrrUy morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
coryer Eutter st. : fee moderate.
• DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday .evenings at Teutcnia Hall. Howard
tt.' near'Nipth; management Prof. Foster.
' AT less than cost, uncalled for 6Ults. overcoats
° and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tartor, 721 Market Et.
ELT3GA?*T cult; en easy installments; 50 cents
j-nij up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
'* ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
.SI 'ITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
. NfVhact &; Co., merch.tallors,727-729 Mp.'ket.
- ALL stales rfialrdresslng. 25c: hair gnoj!=: ir.ani-
•_ cur«r:g 25c. G. LEDERER. 1^3 Stockton st.
. TAILOK-'JAPE euit $7 00; dress pants $2 50.
• * Mjyflt Clothinir Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
frfHRFLUOUS hair smd mcles removed by
"._ iTectrie r.eedle. Dr.&Mrs.Trave~*.117oMarket
MASQUERADE* cortrcmes, r'ay books, vrln,
couulry oTdera. GOLDSTEIN" * CO , 733 Jtfkt.
•ALKHEITM'S Eiryptian Henr.a restores cray
* ria'.r to Sts natural color; SI. at all druggists.*
Superfluous hair A moVea removed with elee-
trie r.er-ille. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1110 S:itter.
\'AniCOFE reins ar.d catarrh cared at lym>.
* r«! cr «xit» for teFt!mor;a!s. Dr. WILL-
lU'S CO.. l«f» Ge)»ry Ft.. P. F.
PAL;»rsT3Y. v
MADAM DEVAS.scientiSe palmist and astrclo-
• gist. Office. 20 Liebes bldg.. r£< Post Ft-: $1
r»ini reading a specialty; open Tuesday «-ve.
:• 'HAHliHHANCWU. I*AI%TIMi. liT» •.
I'.OOMS papered. $3 50 up; tintinjr. painting.
Uarjrrar.n Paint Co., ZVJ .*id st.; tel Ma'r. 413
.l'Ul«UIA.>S A.\O ROUSKOSSJ
CR7*C. C. O'DGTNNELL— Office and~r«£liieric^
HylH Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
' ELOt?D. skin *nd rectal diseases a specialty.
LJfr B.*LL. 1073*;. Market st.
KEMOVED-Dn. WONG HIM, herb doctor:
. treats a!l diseases of the human body; for
p*st four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
• -cated at CC7 Geary Ft., near Leavenwcrth.
5«R. 7ONG PO CHY, sj-ccesscr to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures all disease* ol human
: ty use cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington Et.
WOKG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All din-
. »iiK-t c-j-ej i-y Chinese herbs. 71O-S Clay ,-=t.
... ? . raoposALs.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted— Notlre is hereby
given tfcat staled prcfosals will be receivrj
by the Board cf Directors of the Veterans'
" Home of California at room 13. 320 Sansorn*
0t.. S&n Francisco. C&l.. up to i:3u d. m.
cm MONDAY. Ausrurt 10. 1W»3. for furnishing
iznifonn coaTt. par:ts and blouses for the Vet-
»-ran»' Home. Napa County, Cal. (R. R. «ta-
' tlpn. Tountvr.le), Jor six months, ending i>e-
• cecaber 31, li*3. Preference will be given to
¦'.fcoods manufactured In this State price,
•fitness and guality l#ir.g equal, under the
. ". prbvlaions of see Cl'47 of the Political Cod*.
Eatjh bidder taust accompany his bid with a
eertiSed check upon some well-known and re- I
," sponsible basking l.ou.-e fcr at lean lo per ;
ce?2t of the amount cf his bid. payable to >
C. Mason Ktnne. treasurer, conditioned that !
,. . the bidder will enter into a good and valid
contract- u; < ;. notice cf acceptance, as r«- !
' *<julfed by law. The board reserves the right I
to reject acy or all bids and to ord-r any I
quantity over cr under th« amount specified i
ACdresa-John F. Bheehan. secretary of the •
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of •
California, rocra 13, 320 Sansome st. San (
. ., FTancisco. Cal^ By crder of the Board of i
Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. See.
PROPOSALS'for-construction of a marine bar- '
• racks at naval training Ration. Han Fran-
cisco. . Cal. — Headquarter* U. K. Marine !
CoTr*. -Quartermaster's! office, Washington
D. C, July X. l»03— Sealed proposals, _ du-
pjfeate, will be received in the office of the
Acting Aesirtant Quartennaster, Marina !
Corp*, C27 Rlalto building. San Francisco.
Cal., until noon, August 17, ltRfl, and there
an3 then publicly opened for furnishing n«>c-
eesary materials and labor to construct one
. m«rlr>e barracks at the naval training *ta- '
tion. TBan Francisco. CaL Copies of plans '
¦ -and (tpeciflcatione may be obtained from the !
AcUng Aesistant Quartermaster at the above
' a«-ir«i« or from this office. The right is re-
'. rrrved to reject any or all bids and to waive
informalities. F. L. DENNY, Quartermaster,
U. H. Marine Corps.
'.1\N FRANCISCO. Cal.. July '.11. IWKt— Sealed
. trc>t>Ofcalf. In triplicate, will be received here
ur.til 11 o'clock «. m.. August 31, 19(j:{. and
then "opened fcr repainting, plastering, kal&o-
.. ...:.::. tc. tinning, bhingling and repairing at I
the general hospital at the Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Go\-ernment reserves right to
reject or nrcr-pt any or All bids in whole or ta
part. Intimation furnished on appllration
to'J. McK. HYDE. Deputy Quartermaster
General. Chief Q. M. Dept. of California.
UNITED STATKS Engineer Office, office 7t
California Debris Commission, Flood build-
Tps; San Francisco. Cal.. July 21. l'JU —
* Sealed prof.onais for building portions of dams
?. -. irr.. a: Barriers Ncs. 1 and 2) on Yuba
, River Yuba bounty, about 14 to 15 miles
above Marjsville. Cal.. will be received here
until 12 noon. August 5. i:< '-;. and then pub-
H*:ly opened. Information furnished on ap-
; plication. R. P. JOHNSTON. Captain. En-
• srrtirers. P**ret«ry.
:LECAL^.pv|ij lT| g EM EVr8.
OFFICIAL— D'-piirtmrnt of Ptat<*. Washinpton.
I>. <:... July 27. VMtl.— Information has baen
r»f»lved at thin rlei-artment from MR. KO-
V'AIiD M. CONLEY. the vjr* consul <;enerai
«jf the. I.'ntfd State* at Mexico City. Mexico,
«>l-the death on the irrth of July, l'MKl. at
M*xico City, of HAMILTON L. MOULDEIC
The legal representatives <jf the deceased can
••ifcrtain furthrr Information by «nplylriR to
thisdepartmnnt. Pit djepatch No. fil». Dated
July lfi, 1803. - ¦
OFFV.'IAL— DtTiartmrnt «f State, Washington.
D. *-.. July 27. iWKt.— Information has been
r«_ve*J at thlf «5'i.artm»nt from MR. ROB-
i:irr B* JOXEH. the Vir* <~rm*ul i'^nieral of
the Knifed Ktalf-f at Guayaquil. Kruador. of
•the death on th» 17th of May. 19frj, at Guaya-
«3Uil. of JOHN LEAHY SIMMONS. The legal
representatives of the deceased <*»n obtain
further informali.wi by applying in Ihis dr-
£L rl !y?Z' t - Per di!! P*tth No. 4». Dated May
J REAL. ESTATE— CITY — FOB SALB.
, $2M0— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 6 larg* rooms
I bnrk foundation; porcelain plumbing; woodei
mantPlp; tiling; hith plastered basement; '
\ nhv? lots, 25x140; 2 frontages; only $250 cash
balance monthly: title absolutely perfect
I DOLAX CO.. home builders. 1607 Market st
¦ *»«•— COTTAGE with 2 lots; a bargain.
$1200 — Modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath. etc.
JlsOO— Lovely cottage of 5 rooms and 4 lots
Fine building lots, $150. ?200 and $250 each
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa Et.. Ocean View
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY. 511-512 Callaghan building, will buj
you a lot and build you a house: small cast
payment; J8 per month pays principal and
Interert on each $1000 of balance due.
! $l'OC«o- HOUSE of 6 rms. and b. on Clipper et.
nr. Church; pood 1>arn; $500 down; bal. e.a»j
termer rnunb" Fold. D. COFFIN & CO.
330.'! Mission Et.. opp. Twenty-ninth.
WHOLE block of houses just started near th«
Park on Carl, Cole.Shrader & Parnassus ove.;
plan*, terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl >t
j FOR sale — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
; bide 19th. bet. Valencia & Mission: no reaa.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. 221 Powell.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. ard C
; rt. for sale on easy payments; one block tc
McAllister cars; prices to suit you: open.
N. W. CORNER of Folsom and Elghteentf
pts.; C0xl<*». Apply at 21. IS FolEom Ft.
SMALL new flats for cash or Installments
1W7 Masonic ave., 3 b]ocks S. of Ha^ght st
A sacrifice — 2 artistic houses. 7 rooms and bath
Ingleclde. lot 50x100. Call 51-53 McAllister st
A WEEK'S news Tor 9 cents — The Weekly Call.
If. pages. In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per vea;
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargain?: monthly cata-
lojrue sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 645
Market Et.
t>LUL'UUA> HEAL ESTATE.
1 MAI'S and information of San Rafael. Ro«
ar.d Mill valleys and Marin County ot
CROKER & CO.. real estate arents, 13<
Montgomfry gt.
UL'AL E5TAT1S TO BXCHAXC&
: REAL estate PxehangP a 5{K»cialty: free printed
Mrt. Pacific Coan Exchange Burtau, 8W
Market ct.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
j ,
ALAMKDA RRATL ESTATE.
I 7tst"\vh^\t~yTiu~are"7]^^
A TKETTY HOME IN ALAMEPA.
Purrounrfpd l«y flovrrn and fruit trpp.«; ncai
train anl schools; only S2S30; lot 7."xl2.\
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEPA LAND COMPANT.
, T«-I. Grand 1401. !"¦>¥> Park M-. AlamPrfa.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3E0AD%AY.
OAKLAXU ItEU. tSTATK.
LOOK AT THIS.
1 IF you want !o buy a cheap home on ra*y
teims. it will pay you to s»>e P. C. LASSSK
& <"<).. 4t"<; Tenth St.. Oakiand.
; ALEX. Ml'RDOCK. Chronicle b'.dR.. San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
¦ OAKLAXD FlUMTtllU KOK SALK.
• TO-MOKHOW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Sohflihaas. 11th st. cor. sturt-.Oaklnd
ROOMS FOn llOL'SKIvtIClM.NCi.
. HAHTLHTT. Ills — Sunny furnished rooms; gas,
laundry, bath, running water; warm belt.
ELLIS. 4olA— .'! nicely furnished sunny rooms
fir housekeeping.
I FIFTH. 353 — 3 furr.fehed housekeeping. 2 beds,
I2O; 3. 2 beds, ?lo 5o; 2, $ir>; single, $"> up.
', GOLDEN GATE. 52.*> — 2 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas ra:ige; first lluor; yard; $12.
1 HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housf keeping; sus ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. i:»";o Polk st.
JEPSIE. .'{.•'^— Large, sunny front room; fur-
nished: housekeeping; gas range; $12.
' KEAFiNY. 104— 2 or 3 unfurnished room*. Call
between 1 1 a. m. and 5 p. m.
' I'INE. 13W) — 2 furnished connecting rtn.«. ; *unny
front corr.tr; eas stove; folding bed; $1S.
! STEINER. 1327. cor. Ellis — 'I sunny room*,
bath, jras stove, etc. ; rent reasonable.
! STOCKTON. 12VO— Model house. n<-wly fur-
nhhed; front hskpg rooms; phone, gas, bath.
T!II!'.U 522— Suite of rooms complete for
i hout-ckitrping; rent cheap.
1 VALENCIA. 822—2 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; electric lights and gas.
CLASSIFIED ad»rt;sc-n".fnts and subscriptions
r^c-eived st Call branch efflce. 22U> Flllmore.
; B.OOMS TO i.iiT — Furn. and lufuro.
: AA— City Room Renting Agency.
1H'4 Market et.. cor. Turk and Market sts.,
R'-otTib '& and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate ytu free of charge
in Rooms with cr without beard.
Uoupvkeeplr.g Iluoir.s or Hotels.
i a— HOTEL NETHEKLAND — EUROPEAN
: PLAN. IS TURK ST.. 4 DOOKS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 7^ A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
! A GHNTLEMAN of regular habits ran secure
a single room or alcove suite, sunny and
comfortably furnished, with private family,
one Mock from cable and electric car lines
and 5 minutes* walk from pans tntrance;
references. Bus 4iO-J. Call.
! a — BRUNSWICK House.- 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to %\ p*r -light. $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," K7:i Market st. (cr No. 1
Fifth rt.) — Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
SI CO to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
ments for hkpg.: strictly mod.: elec. elevator.
\Iil>ELL. 15 Page — Furnished rooms; best in
city fcr price; $1. 51 25. $1 50 week; hskpg.
A LARGE rurr.i^hod room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath: running water; reference*. S&9 Post st.
BURNKTT. 142ti Market— (old No. 13«>4>— Fur-
nished looms. !>ult<-.«, single; al!«o unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnlshp.1 sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 008 — Large funny front room, running
water. $10; Elr.gle sunny room. $5.
EDDY. 722 Newly furnished rooms; suites or
single.
EDDY, KU7 — Large sunny room; suitable for 2
gentlemen : ,with or without board.
FILLMORE. 1720— Large sunny furnished room
fcr 1 or 2 gentlemen: bath.
FOLSOM. 13M. near Twelfth— 3 unfurnished
roorrn; ground Cfxir; rent $12.
GEARY. 878 — Cozy single room, $7 per mo.;
also one rear, separate entrance. $5 per mo.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Room 5Oc
to gl 5O nii;ht; $2 to <0 week; reading-room.
HARKISON, 784'i. near Fourth — Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up^
'. HOTEL GRAYSTONE
m Geary st.: phone Bush 8S0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths t.nd
HOWARD. 3**tCJ — "The Harvey"; neatly furn.
single and double rooms; $1 50 week and up.
LASKIE. 27. b«t. Eighth and Ninth, off Mis-
p:on— Three funny furnished rooms: $14v
MINNA. 545— Large, sunny, front room for two
gentlemen or light housekeeping.
O'KAKRELL, 20— Sunny tumished rooms and
offices; elevator; elcc. lights; day, week, mo.
HOYAL House, 12»J Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readirg-rcom. emoking-room andMadies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on. ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
TO LET — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In ru-w modern flat with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.: north
side of Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Pox 13. Call office.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy ft., near Market
— 100 tangle and family rooms; 35e to $1
right: $1 73 to $0 week; elevator: electric
lighte: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 618 — Renovated; handsome
Fumy funilshf-d rnltes front rms. : tnod. cony.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 3d «t., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
¦:.:,c to $1 60 night; $2 to $9 week; elevator;
elec tights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertutmenta and subscrtttions
received at Call branch- office. MOO Fitlmor*.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTKD--3 or 4 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; north of Ellis, east of Larktn
and south of Bush. Add. J.. box 4295, Call.
WANTED — Sunny furnished room, north of
Market; private family: $6.' Box 4043. Call.
kNIERR— In this city, Augu«t 2, 1903, Byron
Franctc Knlerr. dearly beloved urn of Albert
and Marcella Knlerr. and brother of Mar-
cella Magdalena Khletr, ft native .if gan
Francisco, aged 10 years arid 17 dayi.
trirFriends ami acquaintance* ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), ' at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 23OU Folsom street, corner
of Twentieth, thence to the Church of St.
Charles Borromeo, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, for sefvloea. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. » , A
KORNFELD— In this city. .AugUnt 2, 1003,
Charles Kornfeld, aged TT years.
ICyFuneral "and Interment private.
UN DON— In Oakland. August 1, 190U, Annl*
Serene Llndon. beloved mother of O. H. Lln-
don of Alameda, k native of Norway, aged
71> yeartr; ; - ¦ ¦ '
McGOWAN— Ih Ihic city, August 1, 100.% Brid-
get McGowan. mother of Mrsi .h M. Glllony,
a native of County -Tyrone, Ireland, aged 'M
CT'The funeral will take place Monday,
August .1; 1003, nt 0 o'clock. . from fit. Jo-
eeph'H Church,' wherp ft requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment private;
MURRAY— In this city. August 2. lSKfl, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Ellen and the late
Thomas Murray, and brother of Joseph an*
John Murray and Mrs. John Bader. a native
of San Francisco, aged 22 years 2 months
and $» days.
ICTXutlee of funeral hereafter,
I'AULSEN— In this city, August 2, UKfl. Fred-
1 erlek W., beloved son of Hermann and Eliza*
beth Pauls*n, a native of San Francisco,
aged 110 years 4 months and 24 days.
ETFrlends are Invited to attend the fu-'
nora! to»morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the family residence. 1S37 Eddy street. In-
terment strictly private. Please omit flow-
ers.
RANDHAHN— In this city, August 2. 100.J.
Uichard Jr., dParly beloved and only son of
Richard and Millie RHndhahh. a native of
Han Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and
2K days.
IC?"FrlendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 1 o'clock, from the rpsiden'ce
' of his pare-nts. 638 Arkansas Rtreet. between
Twentieth and Twenty- first. Potrero. Inter-'
ment Mount OlivPt Cemetery.
REGAN— In this city, July 31, 1903, Jeremiah
Regan, dearly beloved husband of Hanorah
Regan, and belovtd father of John And Jo-
seph Regan and Mrs. J. D. Barry, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 67 years 7
months and 0 daye.
. C3Trteni1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Mun.-.av,
August 3, 190:{, at S:45 /'clock, from his late
residence. 1441 Seventh avenue south. South
San Franctfco, thence to All Hallows Church,
N street, near Sixteenth avenue south, where
a requiem high muss will be celebrated for
the rerose of his soul, commencing at 0::>0
o'clock. Interftiem Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROI5ERTS— In this city. Julf 31. 1003. James
Thomas Robert;?, beloved son cf Julia A. and
the lati Edward Roberts, and brother of
Millie. Laura, Rfbert an<l flucEell Roberts
nntl Mrs. V W. Hlo'lgett of Oakland. Mm. J.
. O. White and Jhe late (ieorge and Albert
Robert*, a native of Yolo County, Cal., aged
H years ond 17 dayc.
C?"Kunerol find interment In Yolo. Yolo
County. Cal. Kpmalrs at the chapel of
Charles H. J. Truman £ Co., lOOJ) Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
R VAN- In this city. August 2. U)O.'t. Joseph B..
. dearly beloved hi sband of May E. Ryan,
loving father of Lloyd and Gladys Ryan, nnd
brother of William T. nnd Edward S. Ryan.
Mrs. Mary I.egRe. Mrs. M. Ward and Mr*.
l>. O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, ased
.'17 yearn 4 months and 14 <liys. . A member
of San Kranclsco Tent No. 18, K. O. T. M.,
or.<! Court Seal Rock No. 45. F. of A.
Cyrii? tuneral will take plare to-morrow
(TufFflay). at !• o'clock; from th^ parlors of
the United rn.lt-rtakcrs. NBG Mission ftreet.
hetwpen F«.urth »m.l Fifth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mats will lie celebrated for the repose of his
foul at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
( "emeu-ry. .
TAYLOR— In this <lty. August 2. I90S, at the
rPsMpn-e of hi*; mother. 2019 Laguna street.
Chiirles Mclntocch Taylor, dearly beloved son
at Mary and the late David Taylor, a native
of San B'ranclsco, aged IH years 4 months
and 23 days. ,
WALSH— In this city. August 2. 1903. at her
residencp. ;"I1'7 Twentieth street. Mary Jo-
sephine, belovcu wife of Jerome Walsh, a na-
tive of Ireland.
(C7*Interment private. Please omit flow-
. ers.
WKIiSTER — In this city. August 1; M0-1, Mary
E. Webster, beloved wife of Walter B. Web-
ster, a native of r-'an Jc!>*», Cal.,- aged 41
years 7 months and 13 days.
ICT'FriP.nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
ct 10 o'clock, from her late residence. 110
Lyon street. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
WIESK — In this city. August 1, 1003. George
H., beluved husband of Catherine Wlese, and
father of Mrs. Annie W. Spaulding, a na-
tive of Oldenburc. Germany, aged «0 years
and 2 months.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of
H F. Suhr & C». 1U7 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Elghth % Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
WISEMAN— In this city. August 2. lfi03, V. J.
Wiseman, a native of Wisconsin, as.il 40
years.
(L7 Remains are at the funeral parlors of
McGinn & Hanson, 214 Eddy street.
YOUNG — In Maytielu. August 1, 1003. Georgo
L., beloved son of O. Polk and Lidle F.
Young, and brother of Elsa. Blythe. Earl
W.i Etta. Alva and the late A. T. Young, a
natl\e of Callfnmiu. aged 24 years 7 months
and 15 days. » • .
|C^Frier..1s nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tu»sday). at 'J:'M o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf bin parents. 2912 Sixteenth street,
bctwt- on . Mission andVHoward. Interment
Mount Olivet -Cemetery. tThe Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club
will shortly Issue invitations for Its first
anniversary ball, which will take place
Tuesday evening, September 22, at Maple
Hall, Fourteenth and Webster streets,
Oakland.
Kifle Club to Give Ball.
"I'll see the Commissioners next week
to arrange for my trip . to St. Louis. J
haven't quite decided about it. You see.
It's quite a journey for an old man," and
he actually chuckled at the idea of his
being old.
Professor Dunn laughs at the thought
of old age creeping over him.
"Why, I am only 90," he says. "Nov."
you never hear of any one dying at 90!
Every day I look through those death
notices there and. my patience, there isn't
one death at 90! You see after" we get
that old we don't die, we Just go on liv
ing." ¦
Professor Dunn has had a varied and
interesting life. Ho* has been all over
North and gouth America, making his
wonderful collection of rare bugs and
plants, and his happiest time Is when he
Is In the woods, miles from civilization.
"The best two years of my life were
those first two I spent In California," he
says. "I landed somewhere in Tuolumne
County in '49 and for two years I slept in
a blanket in the open air and lived on
what I could kill. Somstlmes I would
take a deer or a bear down into Sonora
and sell it, but what did 1 want of mon
ey when I had my trees and bugs?
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 2.— The voters of
Court House School District, which em
braces Santa Rosa and vicinity, defeated
a proposition yesterday by three votes to
bond the district for $12,000 to provide ad
ditional school facilities. It was proposed
to erect another school building with the
bonds, and it was not anticipated that
any considerable vote would be registered
against the bonds, and many refrained
from voting. There were 315 votes cast
and of these 207 were in favor of the
bonds. The law requires a two-thirda
vote to levy bonds. Another election will
probably be called in the near future, as
additional facilities are badly needed.
Bonding Proposition Defeated.
The t>ean-planting machine drills the
hole in the ground, plants the beans, fer
tilizes and. covers them, and marks the po
sition of the next row at one operation.
SIMLA-, India. Aug. 2.— Viceroy Curzon
.".£a» telegraphed a lengthy protest to the
Jiome Government against saddling India
with the cost of the South African garri
son..
,-. Viceroy Curzon Makes Protest.
Kerbey was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where his wounded foot
was attended to. Detectives Reynolds
and Armstrong were detailed on the case
and had a talk with Kerbey. Later they
arrested the boy Myles and took him to
the City Prison. Detective O'Connell,
who has known the boy for the last four
years, saw him and the boy declared
positively that he did not know the three
men. He had said "Don't shoot,. Fred,"
because he thought the man with the
shotgun was the driver of the horse em
ployed on the wharf, but he found he was
mistaken. He bad cone onto the wharf,
as it was his intention to get a police
man, and the men stopped him at the
point of a revolver. He was able to give
a good description of the man with the
shotgun.
The police are investigating a com
plaint of attempted robbery made by
Captain John R. Kerbey of the scow
schooner Mountain View, lying at the
hay wharf, foot of ThirJ street. He says
three men attacked him early yesterday
morning and one of them wounded h-.n
in the left foot by firing at him with a
shotgun.
Kerbey reported to Policeman Tobin
about R o'clock that two hours earlier
three men came on board the vessel while
he was asleep in his cabin and knocked on
the cabin door, demanding his money. He
came out of the cabin with a revolver in
his hand and fired a shot at the three
men, who had stepped back on the wharf.
A shot was fired at him, but did not take
effect.
The three men returned In half an hour
and again demanded Kerbey's money.
William Myles, a boy 18 years of age,
was on board and was to sail with the
schooner. Kerbey alleges that he heard
Myles say to one of the men "Don't shoot,
Fred," and a voice replied "I'll shoot his
head off." A shot was fired from a shot
gun at Kerbey, who was in his cabin and
some of the Dellets lodged in Kerbey's
left foot. The men then called Myles
and he Joined them on the wharf and
went away with them.
Three Men Board a Scow
Schooner and Wound
Skipper.
• While engaged In stringing electric light
, wires at the corner of Silver and Cam
! bridge streets L. J. Wiseman, a lineman
employed by the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, was precipitated to the
¦ pavement through the breaking of a de
:.fj»ctive'•crossarm, and sustained Injuries
' frpm which he subsequently died.
The accident occurred about noon yes
' terday and was witnessed by several fel
low workmen of the unfortunate man.
Wiseman was working on a thirty-foot
pole, astride a crossarm. Without warn-
Jng the timber broke with a report like a
pistol and he was hurled to the sidewalk,
striking on his head. He was picked up
in an unconscious condition and conveyed
. to a drug store at the corner of Silver and
3Ilssio3 streets, thence to St. Luke's Hos-
An examination by the surgeons in
"charge developed the fact that the in
jured man was suffering from a fractured
'EkuII. No hope was held out for his re
covery.'and he died at 2:30 p. m. without
regaining consciousness.
• The Coroner's office was notifled and the
"body removed to the Morgue. Deceased
.iras an ynmarYied man, aged 45 years, and
•had no i relatives In this city. He had been
employed by the lighting concern for some
time and -was regarded as one of their
most efficient employes. Linemen's Union
."So. 151, of which the dead man was a
, member, will take charge of the remains,
and the funeral will be held under the
auspices of that body.
•I*. J. Wiseman Is Hurled to Pave
ment Through the Breaking
• * of a Crossarm.
UMTOTAir FALLS FBOM POLE
AND IS FATALLY INJURED
' Supporters of the Schraitz faction of the
: t*nion Labor party held an enthusiastic
'meeting at Social Hall. 102 O'Farrell
•street, last evening.. Mayor Eugene ELj
Sc^imitz* presided. The following resolu
tion was adopted: •
W-fcer*>eA, As a feeling of uncertainty exlrta
"In ttie tnin4« of members cf the labor unions
'•ct thl« <eity as to what may be the policy of
'-?lther factron now contending; for supremacy
In iKe Union Labor party In this city, in order
"that our may b? distinctly denned to ;
every loyaf union rr.an. we. the district club
*p'ficer» and d* > lp£8t*>!> selected to be voted for
ai # die cozr.lng primary. In the Interest of the
.candidacy .of Mayor Eugene E. in;
"meeting assembled, do hereby declare it
" Resolved. That we are unalterably crpos'"''
¦ \n any plan of fusion, compromise or amalga
'."matlr.n with any other convention or party on
the r*rt of the comlnp T'nion Lalor party mu
r.fcfpaJ >onvent«on. We favor a etrslKht.
narll), • upright course by 6ald convention to
•tV> end that a ptralzht Union Lahor party
• tick«t may be rlac<d In the field for our com
ing tnunlo^paJ election next November, com
posed of active members of lab^r unions in
pood where such are- available.
Pointed "remarks were made by Walter
<;alla*rher * John Williams. J. J. Connolly
end otben>. Michael Casey was hotly
Fcored.' One speaker asked: "Will the
public stand for Casey as Czar?" and the
audience shouted "No!"
The United Republican League has an i
effective orpanizatian in every Assembly j
district jdt San Francisco. Tickets bear
ing the* names of delegates to be voted
'for at the primary election Tuesday, Aus
•urt 11, <= will be filed in the office of the
.Registrar of 'Voters before 12 m. to-mor
row. In the Fortieth District, where the
league is* confronted with formidable op
position, fy forces under the leadership of
•Jesse" Marks, the list of proposed dele
pates.ma5- not be filed until a few minutes
before midnight. Marks Is also holding
back the "opposition ticket. In the Forty
first District the league ticket may con
•tain only .the names of several of the del
egates proposed by the independent club,
cf which A K. Daggctt is president and
Henry C. Dibble an acti\ - e manager.
United.. Republican League district meet
ings wlH lie held this week as follows:
• Thirty-first District — This rvenlnr at head-
Quarters, 703 Brannan street, near Sixth.
' Thirty-fourth District — This evening at head
quarter*, VA9 Market street.
Thlrty^siarth District — This evening at Har
mony Hall. 1743 Mission street.
. Th!r*y-*nimh -DlFtrict — This evening at Park
View Hajlt'. Xinth avenue and H street.
• Forty-fffth District— This evening, place not
designated!
Twenty-eighth District — To-morrow evening
at headquarters. £47 Secor.d street.
Thirty-fifth District — To-morrcw evening, T.
M. C. A. Hall. Mission street, between Twenty- I
third and Twenty-fourth.
" Thirty-seventh District — To-morrow night at
fceadq»arK-rs. 444 Dcvl?adero street.
F'crtietii District — To-morrow night, corner
nilmore and Post street*.
• Forty-first District — To-morrow night at 1229
Union street, near Hyde.
• Twenty -plinth District-^Thursday night at
"headquarters. $70 Folscm street.
Thlrty-eijrhth District — Friday night. Mascot
Hall. 1106'Oolden Gate avenue, near Buchanan
Street.
A meeting of the regular Democratic
Club of the "Fortieth Assembly District,
organized by the County Committee of
tne district, will be held to-night at
Frar.klin Hall for the purpose of selecting
delegates to the city and county conven
tion. All Democrats of the district, irre
fjpective cf past affiliations, are invited to
a^-tfnd. .
ATTEMPT TO ROB
SHIP'S CAPTAIN
The man has a graze of a bullet on the
side of the head, another had glanced
from the skull. His throat is cut from
ear to ear.
The desperate man, insane with rage
at his wife's refusal to take him back to
her, probably penned this line when he
had already shot her and the knife was
at his throat. He could not sign his
name correctly.
The woman has a shot through the
mouth, one in the eye and a third, which
crashed through the back of the skull,
carrying with it a hairpin, warped and
bent, far into the brain.
Detective Edward O'Dea and Special
Detectives McGee and Bonner found in
the room where the crime took place a
revolver with all five chambers exploded,
a keen bladed kitchen knife and the fol
lowing scrawl:
"To whom it may concern: I have com
mitted this deed. JOHN SEBINS."
"This morning I thought I heard my
mother call me at about 9 o'clock, i-Jt
I was so sleepy I didn't get up. At half
past 12 my roommate, Charlie Krlll, told
me to get up, and then I found that Sa
bins had tried to kill mother and him
self."
The boy, terror stricken, rushed to the
street and faltered in short whispers the
story of the room upstairs to two com
panions. William Dwyel and E. Gumper.
They speedily summoned the ambulance
from the Harbor Emergency Hospital and
the two unconscious forms were hurried
to the care of the physicians at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital.
At the hospital the son and his father,
E. M. Johnson, the former husband of
the stricken woman, lingered to await
the end. Between nervous puffs of a
cigarette the boy told the story of the
swift tragedy of the morning. He said:
"My father and mother were divorced
ten years ago and then mother married
that man in there whose throat is cut.
That was nine years ago.
"Sabins was a bookbinder at H. S.
Crocker & Co.'s store. He and mother
lived happily until about nine months
ago, when his habits made her quit him.
He went to live with his mother and
brother, Frank Sabins, next door, at 1S14A
Mason street. He gave mother $20 a
month, and was always wanting her to
take him back.
When Walter Johnson, son of the wom
an who was shot, awoke at half past 12
yesterday lie heard the impatient whin
ing of a dog. He opened his door and
saw at the end of the nail a mangy white
cur, which lay with his nose to the crack
of the closed chamber door, scratching
with his front feet and emitting a
strange, clacking sound from his throat.
Young Johnson opened the door and
there beheld the scene which had been lelt
hy the swift visit of a tragedy. San
guinary stains were on the walls and the
bed covers. Sprawled across the counter
pane lay his mother, her head bullet
pierced. Sabins. her husband, stretched
across the prostrate body, with a bullet
hole in his head and his throat gaping
from a Jagged knife slash. Both still
breathed.
Murder and suicide was attempted yes
terday morning: in a squalid room at 1812
Mason street. As a result Mrs. Nellie
Sabins now lies on a cot at the Central
Emergency Hospital with three bullets In
her head, hovering in the shadow of
death, and William J. Sabins. the man
who did the deed, occupies a neighboring
couch, a bullet wound in his head and his
throat severed from ear to ear by a slash,
self-inflicted.
Rage at Her Rebuffs of His
Affection Prompts Mur
derous Deed.
United « Republican League
Announces District
Meetings.
Casey Is Scored by Fac
tion of the Union
Labor Party.
William Sabins Shoots
Wife and Then
Himself.
SGHMITZ FORGES
OPPOSE FUSION
INSANE IMPULSE
INCITES TRAGEDY
NONAGENARIAN IS ASKED
TO SUPERVISE EXHIBIT
Professor G. W. Dunn, Although Ninety Years of Age, Is
Offered Charge of . the Botanical and Natural History
Display to Be Made by California at World's Exposition
FRANCIS FOLEY
TO BE DISMISSED
Irving Ballard Will Be
His Successor at
San Quentin.
Popular Business Man to Be
Next Commissary at
State Prison.
Irving T. Ballard will soon succeed
Francis Foley as commissary at San
Quentin prison. The appointment will be
made to-day or early in the week. Bal
lard, long identified with the oil Interests
of the State, and a man of business well
qualified for the position, will relieve an
official who distinguished himself as be
ing particularly disqualified for the re
sponsibilities placed on his shoulders and
undeserving of the confidence the people
reposed in him.
For some time the change has been un
der consideration. Foley's official career
is well known and remarkable for i s
savor of inefficiency. The selection of the
right man to fill the place ha3 been the
only matter which puzzled those who had
the power of appointment. At last Bal
lard was decided upon. The prospective
appointee is a friend of ex-Senator Felton
and enjoys the benefit of the latter's wldo
influence. It is understood that the ap
pointment will be made at Felton's re
quest. .
Ballard will be officially Informed that
he will occupy Foley's position shortly. It
is believed that he will be named to-day.
However, the time is not far off and
should one day pass the appointment will
be made before the middle of the week.
Ballard is a man of affairs. His busi
ness ability attracted attention to him
many years ago. He is versed in the sci
ence of management and great thing*" are
expected of him. His life on the coast,
has extended over a long period. Twenty
years ago he became manager of the re-
Jlneries connected with the Pacific Coast
Oil Company. He retained this position
for eighteen years and retired only wh^n
his firm merged with the Standard Oil
Company. Since then he has had no par
ticular business and has traveled consid
erably. Five days ago he returned from
Portland and will remain in this city un
til he. goes to San Quentin to assume hii
new duties.
REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT
ASSOCIATION RECREATES
Friends and Members Contest in
Games at Shell Mound and Ex
hibit Their Prowess.
The seventeenth annual picnic of tne
Rebel Cork Benevolent Association was
held yesterday at Shell Mound Park.
There was a large attendance and the
arrangements were all that could be de
sired. The numerous games were splen
didly contested and there was not a sin
gle hitch in the carrying out of the pro
gramme.
Among the games were races for boys
and girls, for young women, married wo
men and for men, both lean and stout.
The three-legged race for men and boys
and the sack race were heartily enjoyed.
The running hop, skip and jump, run
ning high jump and standing high jump
were stoutly contested.
Gate prizes were drawn in cbundance.
Lhe dancing was one of the very pleas-
Ing features of the Dicnlc.
The following composed the various
committees: . •
Chairman, P. Deasy; vice chairman, John
McAullffe; recording secretary, J. Cronln;
financial secretary, Timothy Donovan; treas
urer, W. McCarthy; floor manager, Jamea
Buckley; assistant flor managers, D. Carrol.
F. DrUcoll. Hugh DrlscoH, Jerry Murphy. Jerry
Lynch. Thomas Carroll. James Scanlon, D. De
lay John Driscoll, P. Sullivan.
Racing — William O'Callahan. R. F. Buckley,
William McCarthy. John McAullffe.
Jumping — P. Roche. John Sullivan, Jamea
Sullivan and William C. Carroll.
EASTERN HEAT
REDUCES CHIEF
Head of Police Force
Home From Pleas
. ureTrip.
Chief "Wittman, who returned from his
Eastern trip on Saturday night, was busy
all day yesterday talking with his sub
ordinates and going through his corre
spondence so as to familiarize himself
with what had been going on during
his absence. The Chief, although look
ing strong and healthy, said he had lost
twelve pounds since he left the city, due
to the. excessive heat in the East.
"I can assure you," he said. "I am glad
to get back to San Francisco. People
here should be thankful that their lines
have been cast in such a pleasant place.
For climate and other conditions there is
nothing to surpass this State. The treat
in the East is so clammy and oppressive
that it takes all the energy out of you
and you have no appetite. That reminds
me that living here Is much cheaper than
In the East. I could not get a satisfactory
breakfast under $1 50, just an ordinary
meal, and other things are in proportion.
"I visited all the leading cities and was
royally treated. I found that in most of
them the police departments had better
stations than here and better electrical
appliances. We lack equipment, but as
regards the personnel of the men, San
Francisco cannot be beaten. I have no
hesitation in saying that our police force
in physique, discipline and uress cannot
be surpassed.
"The men here have shorter hours than
anywhere else and other advantages. In
Buffalo the men are eight hours on street
duty, but after reporting oft, one third
of the number is kept in reserve at each
station. In the event of a fire or a riot
these reserve men are called out and
those on patrol duty are accordingly not
taken off their beats. The municipality
provides each man with an iron bedstead
and spring mattress, but he has to pro
vide his bedding at his own expense. If
he should be changed to another station
he takes his bedding with him.
"In 'St. Louis the men are on street
duty for twelve hours at a stretch and
like the regular army they must wear
their uniform all the time. If they desire
to don civilian clothes they must ask per
mission of the chief. There are other
things that I observed and I can only say
that the men here have every reason to
be thankful for short hours, good pay
and a good climate."
«, Freethinkers Pass Resolutions.
PARIS. Aug. 2.— At a demonstration of
10.000 freethinkers /before the statue of
Etienne Delete . (who was hanged and
burned for heresy in 1546) resolutions were
passed in favor of the separation of
church and state.; Expected counter dis
turbances did not ; occur. \ . '
Trapper's OH curea rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. < 60c flask. Richard * Co., 404 Clay. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1903.
China's grand canal is the" most won
derful artificial waterway in the •world.
It Is over 200 miles long.
Muller, the optician, says Bank Stock paper
saves the sight. Mysell-RoUlns, 22 Clay.agenU*
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the Third
Congregational Church, delivered an ad
dress last night on "The Reign of the
Laws," in -which he made some pertinent
remarks upon modern instances of law
lessness and recommended remedies for
the evils existing. He said in part:
Lawlessness is apparently on the Increase In
the civilized world. In our own country espe
cially do we notice It. Daily, almost, we read
of negroes being burned at the stake and tor
tured by all sorts of inhumanities. Again we
Bee Justice vlotated In the ranks of the politi
cians, who fatten on their offices of patronage.
If they should ever bring Plymouth Rock to
the West it might with profit be ensconced be
neath the dome of our City Hall.
The causes for the increase of lawlessness
lfe In the Improper rearing of children where
no discipline is taught. In lax business meth
ods practiced by these same children when
they become men, in the tardiness of our Jus
tice. We cannot make men jrood by law.
For every man hanged there are a hundred
more who deserve It. We can only make them
BooJ by Instilling- Into them from their earliest
youth such a love of country that they will
be ashamed to violate her laws."
Sounds Note of Warning for
Present-Day Americans
to Heed.
REV. WILXIAM RADEE,
SPEAKS ON LAWLESSNESS
THE California Commissioners of
the St. Louis Exposition have
asked Professor G. W. Dunn ol
this city to take charge of the
State botanical and natural history
exhibit at St. Louis. «
Professor Dunn had charge of the ex
hibit at the World's Fair at Chicago, and
is still considered one of the foremost
naturalists and entomologists of the
West, although he is now 90 years of age.
He lives in a picturesque little cottage at
North Beach, a stone's throw from Fish
ermen's Wharf— a little cottage that was
once an ark and is now set up on stilts
on the beach. What was once a resort of
the gay young bachelors who make their
summer homes on these arks has bean
converted by the old man into a cosy
home for winter, as well as summer, and
here he has brought all the rare speci
mens which he has spent the last sixty
years in collecting.
12
VENERABLE EDUCATOR WHO
MAY AID THE STATE AT ST.
LOUIS.
BQWEN
Direct from Aden — ship-
ment of four year old
Mocha coffee — the finest
produced — ioo 10 lb
pockets (green) cach $3 2 5
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
special
Table butter— square 40c
First-ciass quality 2 for 75c
Teas— new seasons 2 lbs 75c
Fresh flavor— rich taste— reg'ly 50c lb
Kona coffee— reg'iy 25c ib 20c
The popular coffee of the day
Holland cocoa Soc
Van Houten— soluble— icg'ly 95c Ib
Royan sardines 2 for 25c
- Most dainty French fish with
truffle and pickle— reg'ly 15c can
Macaroni— LaFavonta 2 lbs 25c
Also spaghetti— vermicelli —
letters and numbers — reg'ly 15c lb
Bouillon capsules 25c
Beef extract— celery flavor—
reg'ly 30c— box of ten
French peas— reg'ly 20c can 15c
Sweet — tender — delicious
Creole rice-reg'iy.ioc— 5 lbs 45c
Finest grown— Carolina— 10 lbs 9OC
FigS— imported— lb 15c
Pimientos morrones — Span-
ish red peppers — ask for
recipe
Preserved stem ginger 60c
No. 1 quality — China — :
reg'ly 70c— i pot
Glace' ginger- tropical ioc
Wholesome confection— reg'ly 15c can
Franco-American soups —
full assortment arrived — as
fine as home-made
For Sores, Burn*, Scalds, I WvL
Ulcers, Ringworm, Tetter/ J^. „^% H
Erysipelas, Scald Hfad, X^^ /? // SB
Itch, Vimplex, Blotches, JL . f R
Inflamed Eyelids, Itch-^ V\ It
lngl'iles.andaUSkla jr\ HI
. Eruptions— use jr \ r\ I t
HEISKELL'S I
Ointment h
7>S ! 7^ : G? ldt ? itsma ? 1 , c * linfl " w «'- Bathe m
the affected part, nsmg lleukeU't Soap, night W
and morainjf. apply Heiskell's Ointment : and R
carefoUow.inafewdayg. AUlldrusSuMc. 19
Send tot free book ct testimonials. \U
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY A CO. B
•81 Commerce Sfc. Philadelphia. H
f\ JR R H PI Bed ». Cnalr«, Stoves, eta
II ' MB Hlfia I fl Tent * f°r rent and for sale.
1 IB lisa ft* Gun ". Rifles. Fishing Tackl*
S I U i H Q U *"d Gportlng Goods. Send
XV m ¦¦¦91 lor Catalogue. Shreva A
Barber Co.. 739 Market is.
and 621 Ke*rny mu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MAIVYfEET
arc hard to fit— those ate
the feet we are looking: for —
our methods of fitting: the
feet have built for us a rep-
utation as dealers in shoes
THAT FIT THE FEET
B^ /vATT7nt»sr GEARY
'^¦4|9*W German Eye Water, a harmless
j^jERfCaga remedy, 60c; by mall, 62c. CAU-
TION" — The genuine bears stgna-
ture of Geo. Mayerle, also trade-
mark—eye with a crown. GEO.'
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician. 1071
Market. San Francisco. CaL Phone South 072.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NAB9KET
Wholesale and Retail, San Francisco. Cal.
• The advantages In buying Groceries here
are many. You have the advantage of
wholesale prices and wholesale quantities
to make your selection from, and fresh,
new and not shop-worn Is what you get
when you buy.
Carload Cane Susar, 24 lbs.. fl.OO
(Where your order amounts. to $5.00.)
Cane Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs SJ.OO
(Without an order: others give 15 lbs.)
Solid car Eastern Hams, lb 15c
(Others will ask you ISc lb.)
300 boxes fancy Potatoes, box 75e
Imported Canned Soups, can 5o
4 cans fancy Red Salmon 35c
25c Horse Radish or Celery Mustard.
bottle lOc
30c Vanilla or Lemon Extracts, now. ,2Oc
51 Vanlll.-i or Lemon Extracts. now.,.(J5c
Finest Mocha and Java Coffee, 4-lb.
can 85c
6% lbs.. fancy head Rice I ROc
8>/4 lbs. good head Rice 50©
80c value Teas, lb. KOc: 6 lbs 82.OO
60c value Teas, lb. 4Oc: 5 lbs fl.75
Fancy Green . Coffee, CM lbs Sl.OO
Good quality Roast Coffee, 7 lbs fl.OO
Macaroni, Vermicelli. Spaghetti, box. .2Oc
ROc Beef Extracts. 2 Jars K5 C
7 cans Deviled Ham 25c
2 solid cars Best Flour. CO lbs., f 1.05;
100 lbs., f2.O5; bbl., Sl.OO ; 1000 ,
_!*>¦ •• $19.00
Fine Creamery Butter, square 4Oc
Nice Ranch Ecus, dozen !£Sc
15 bars Santa Claus Soap ROc
2 packages Gold Oust 35 C
25c bottle Ammonia lOc
3 sacks Salt, extra quality lOc
3-lb. pail Lard. 3ftc; 5-Ib. pail. 65c;
10-lb. pall, 91.20; 50-lb. pall 84.25
3-star Brandy, quart, 50c; gal $1.S5
35c and 40c 4-tle Brooms 25c
25c bottle Catsup 15o
Imported Sardines. -12 cans .fl.OO
Ghlrardelli's Chocolate. 1 lb.. 25c; 3
lbs .7Oc
Pure Olive. Oil, pts., 4Oc: qts 75 C
Peaches, Pears, Apricots, 3 for ...25c
For medical purposes our prices are but
little, if any, more than half the price you
will pay liquor houses.
McBrayer, qts., 50c; gal 92.00
Old Crow, qts., 50c; gal..... 92.OO
Paul Jones, qts., 80c: gal fii.rjo
Jense Moore AA. qts. 7Bc; gal M2.5O
Belmont. qts., -JOe: gal fl.KO
Golden Club. qts.. 4<»e; gal ....M1.5O
College Club, qts., 5Oc; gal #1.7,-
Sllver. Shell, qts., 6Oc: gal f2.OO
Harvest Home, qts., fiOc; gal. f>2.OO
$4 to $5 Bourbon or Rye, gal 92.25
Most all noted brands, gal ..$2.50
Imported Geneva Gin, pts., 25c: qts.. ;
45e: V4 gal.. OOc: gal., fl.75; 4U.
gal. keg ....:.... f 7.45
Old Tom Gin. pts.. 25c; qts., 45c; V,
gal.. OOc; gal.... fl.75
$1.50 Port or Sherry, gal. 7.^ e
$1.00 Claret, qts., 15c ; gal .5Oc
Port, qts., 20c; Sherry, qts 2Oc
All California Beers, dozen fl.OO
Mail orders filled i same day received.
Drop us a postal If you cannot get to store.
1049 Market, bet. 6th and 7th. opp. Jones
" . or McAllister. .. : ..
0DLDBERG
BQWEN
* CD
Horse-radish mustard 2 for 25c
Gives zest to boiled meats —
reg'ly 15c bottle
Preserved figs-enough for 1 ioc
Layer raisins— 3 croum 70c
Dessert fruit— reg'ly 85c— 5 lb box
Brook trout 20c
For luncheon— reg'ly 25c can
French soap-Roger & Gaiut 6oc
Fragrant odors— reg'ly 75c— box 3 cks
Face powder— French 40c
Three colors — reg'ly 50c box
Shaving Creme— French-jar 35c
Roger & Gallet— healing properties
Carpet sweeper |i 90
BisselVs — reg'ly $2 50
Fibre pails— reg'iy 40c 30c
Strongest made
Scrub brUSh-reg'ly 25c 15c
With handle— durable
! Ripe black California olives
extra fancy stock-quart- 35c
Liquor department
j Whisky-BuH-Dog $1
Rye or bourbon— reg'ly $i 25 full qt
Cocktails— Imperial bottle 90c
Martini— iManhattan— gin— whisky-
vermouth— Old Tom gin— reg'ly ti 25
Sweet wines— imported 75c
Port — Madeira — sherry — < -i
reg'ly Si bottle— U gallon '*
Cognac--P. 0. p. bottle $1 15
Hennessey—our bottling— gal a r O
reg'ly $t 50 bottle— $6 gallon 7 J
Riesling— Golden $3
Rich— fruity— reg'ly I4 dozen quarts
White Rock lithia water
August catalogue ready
432 Pins 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
Jfh mm fas
\)\ Spheroid /Ji
rrEye Glasses H^j
J > Y W 111 Improve the sight. V* N |
I ) Prices moderate. \J
1A/. T. HESS,
HOTART PUBLIC 1HD ATTORSIT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. CUui Spr«ck«l« bldi
Residence. 821 California »t.. b«low Pow«S
Residence Telephone James XSOL
ADVEBTISEMENTS^
j-*j-u^j i_.-i_r - r \ ) -" 1 -' " J " r " w — : '"v r "»";.'" ; • '
ANNUAL SALE
WHITE
BLANKETS.
This week will commence our Annual Sale of FINE
WHITE BLANKETS, and on Monday, August 3d,
we will offer 45 cases of above goods In single,
three-quarter and double bed sizes at prices lower
than present cost to manufacture.
We Quote Three Sample Items From the Lot:
2 Cases Fine Qualito WHITE WOOL BLAN-
KETS, in Blue and Pink Borders, size for
sinale beds.
Price $3.75 Pair.
5 Cases WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, size for
three-tiuarter beds, in Maize, Red and
Blue Borders.
Price $4.50 Pair.
Former price of which was S7.00 pair.
4 Cases WHITE BLANKETS, size 80 inches
wide bu 92 inches long, in Red and Blue
Borders.
Price $7.50 Pair.
Always soli Tor $10.50 palft
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
¦mm, I \ mm -^i
t^ — f
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ? J B SSJSRB gMf I B 1 III
THE STORE OF QUALITY.
We Oarry Only First-Class Goods.
BUTTER, table, square 45c
Fine Creamery. 2 square* 85c
CATSUP, pint bottle I5c
None better.
QUEEN LILY SOAP, 2 cakes. . 15c
LEMON and VANILLA EXTRACT,
2-oz. bottles 20c
Purity and strength guaranteed.
OLIVE OIL qt. bot 55c, pt bot. 30c
Fine French Salad OH.
S.LRICE, 16 lbs $1.00
SALAD DRESSING, bottk^.Soc
(Horn* Made.)
WHISKEY, Old Mellow Rye, bot. 75c
Rerular fl.OO and $4.00. Cal. S3.OO
PORT or SHERRY, bottle '. 25c
Elsewhere 6Oc. gal. Sl.OO
CANDY, finest French Mxd. Ib. 35c
Elsewhere 5Oc
Galvanized Iron Backet, IO-qL 20c
First Efiltlon of Our New Catalogue Ju»t
Out. Bend Tor One.
226-228 Powell St.
Tel. Main 618.