PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLU1IE XCIV— NO. 89.
rniral; Cotton, vcbmmantling ;rthe
European squa&roh^now -in -Ital- :
sparse information., now '.obtain
able; these; events: cannot be ' in-
.Sexton Is Taken to San* Quentin. •
PLACERVILLE, Aug. CT.-John E.' Sex
ton, sentenced to two years'.;imprisonment
for extortion, was. taken,' to San Quehtin
this morning by the Sheriff, g Sexton' made
an unavailing plea . to "•Governor.* Pardee
for a reprieve pending the' result of an
appeal to"?he Supreme Court. ; • :
• TACOMA,\Aug. 27.— By apportioning or
ders from" the Eastern States among the
shingle mills on the basis of. their cutting
capacity the shingle manufacturers of
Western' Washington . to-day decided to
prevent * overproduction and maintain
prices. The. manufacturers and dealers
are to -be brought together in a new and
stronger^ association to be. formed as rap
idly as practicable. The reduction of the
output is also to be in proportion to the
capacity, of the mills. These are the chief
features . of- the. plan, proposed by a com
mittee, appointed by the State Lumber
men's "Association to aid in overcoming
thel difficulty heretofore experienced by
the shingle -manufacturers In getting to
gether and upholding prices.
•Thfe meeting of the shingle manufactur
ers;; was .attended by . representatives of
more .than half of the State's • shingio
mills. , They : 'have agreed to the plan out
lined. The, project involves four
shingle mills, and several months', time
wiU.be' -required to get It in complete
working: order. . The output will be par
tially { restricted at once in order* to pre
vent 'the:plllng up of shingles during the
carshbrtage* period while the wheat crop
(b heine rnovorl. . '" .¦ ;,
SHINGLE MANUFACTUREBS
TO RESTRICT THE OUTPUT
Agree on a Plan of Action in the
Hope of Being Able to Up- v> j;
,.. hold Prices.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 27.— Bishop, Conaty
left here this morning after a brief visit,
during which he was the guest of- Father
Ubach. The Bishop's business had to do
in part with certain contemplated
changes at St. Joseph's Sanatarium. What
these changes are he did not feel'at lib
erty to state, as he has taken the matter
under advisement for a, couple of -weeks.'
Bishop Conaty has not. yet set the time
for his official visit to confirm the cjass'
at St. Joseph's Academy.- The following
announcement of changes 'of prjests, are
authorized by the Bishop. Father Thomas
King of this city will go to Santa Inez; '
Father A. Eling, recently ordained, comes
to this city to assist Father Ubach at St.;
Joseph's; Father Lack of Santa Inez goes,
to Rio Grande; Father Lapoirite ; and
Father Gramman go to. the: Pala 'Indian
colony as resident priests. A new,'priest
will be appointed : this . week to . fill the
place recently held • by Father "' McManus
in Sacred Heart Church, Coronado. '• »
Sends Two Clergymen to Ministetr
to the Indians at Pala }
Colony.
BISHOP CONATY MAKES
CHANGES IN HIS 'DIOCESE
NOTABLE PERSONS WHO ARE .TO THE FORE ON ACCOUNT OF. THE
BEIRUT ASSASSINATION, AND UNITED : STATES WARSHIPS OR
DERED TO PROCEED TO THE SYRIAN COAST.
AUTO CORPS NEEDED.
"There Is, however, a corps of force re
quired In our army that could be ren
dered of great utility, not only to the
military., but to the people of this coun
try. This power is being recognized by
European Governments, and I have sev
eral times recommended it to ours. It
will be utilized In the next war and prep
aration for Its use by our army should
no longer be neglected. I have reference
to the bicycle, aiotor cycle and the auto
mobile, which they have developed to the
extent that they have become a most
valuable means of communication and
transportation. Five regiments of cav
alry should be discontinued and a corps
of five regiments should be organized,
thoroughly trained and constantly em
ployed In the use of these modern appli
ances.
"The modern appliances of road build
ing are vastly superior to those formerly
used— in fact, the work is now done prin
cipally by machinery— ar.d . this corps
should be supplied with all the recent in
ventions and improvement* for that pur
pose.
"The millions of dollars that are now
uselessly expended for one-third of the
mounted force could In this way be util
ized in bringing about t great improve
ment in the army, conferring a great ben
efit upon the country, at the same time
training a most Important corps for mili
tary service, and I urge that this measure
be recommended to and authorized by
Cor-sreB*."
"The marvelous development in modern
arms — rifles, machine guns and qulck
firinfiT field artillery— renders the cavalry
as formerly used on the battlefield, obso
lete, while the wonderful development In
the use of motor power and electrical ap
pliances has rendered the horse far less
important than formerly. These facts are
doubly significant and should be recog
r.ized by the military authorities and the
Government.
"It is safe to say that there are tens
of thousands of men In our country who
are in the saddle every day who are killed
In landcraft and use of arms and who can
be easily converted into a most formid
able corps of mounted riflemen. In fact,
there could easily be mobilized in our
country at least ten times as many
mounted men, many of whom have had
military sen-ice, as could be landed ;'on
our shores by any government or gov
ernments within any reasonable time. We
have 100,000 men accustomed to the saddle
and rifle that could be used to quickly
overrun either Canada or Mexico. Hence
the disproportion of our mounted forces
to that of the main body of the array is
unnecessary and Injudicious.
MOUNTED HEN PLENTY.
CHICAGO. Aug. C7.— Lieutenant General
Nelson A. Miles' last communication to
the •war office was made public to
day through unofficial sources in the War
Department. It Is In the form of a let
ter to Secretary of War Root. In It are
recommendations for the improvement of
the army Bervice.
tbp xexterta i ggai^yttre^earslTy as ob
solete, saying the automobile will take
the place of the fcorse in the next war.
For that reason he advises reducing the
cavalry branch to the minimum and the
building- of military roaas of strategic
importance throughout the country in
time cf peace. General Miles' letter says:
"At the commencement of the Spanish
war, when he had well trained, thorough
ly equipped, hardened and experienced
cavalry, a portion cf It was compelled to
remain at Tampa and in its place newly
organized troops were sent to the front.
Now that was either all wrong or the
present organization of the army with
the great expense attached thereto Is un
wise and injudicious, and this subject re
quires, in my judgment, the serious at
tention of the Government.
Value of a Corps on Wheels
Explained for Notice
by Congress.
Last Report of General
on the Army Con
ditions.
FormerCommander
inFavorofthe
\ Auto.
MILES SAYS
THE CAVALRY
IS OBSOLETE
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
ian . waters, wa.s ordered by the
President to-night • to sail for
Beirut immediately.
These are the portentous devel
opments of to-day which may
possibly draw the United States .
into the troublous vortex of the
Turkish crisis, although with the ;
eluded in the same category as the
trouble in the Balkans, which has
set all Europe by the ears.
When the acting Secretary of
State, Mr. Loomis, arrived at the
State ; Department this morning
he found awaiting him a cable-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TTJ ASHINGTON, Aug. 27.
+As William /^C^Magelssen,
United States Vice Consul at Bei
rut, Syria, was; assassinated there
last Sunday evening. Ah attempt
has been made to burnHhe Eu
phrates American Missionary Col
lege at Harput, Turkey. Rear- Ad-
State Wefiartnient Takes Immediate Meas*
ures to^Compel Explanation by Turkey.
WOMAN DIES
AMID PERILS
IN KLONDIKE
Tragic News Comes
From the Far
North.
Starvation the Fate of
Mrs. Edith White
of Dawson.
Diary Is Found in the Snow
and Tells the Story of
Her Agony.
PRESIDENT
TO CONFER
WITH HAY
Government Jictive
at First News of
Crime,
OYSTER BAY, Aug. 27.
The President manifested
r -anxious interest in the
announcement of the assassina
tion of •- Vice Consul : Magelssen.
He . received from Acting Secre
tary of State Loomis a telegram
communicating to him Minister
Leishtnan's cablegram concerning
the niurder, and advising him of
the steps- already taken by the
State Department. The President
to-night is ; in close communication
with -the department, and will be
keptfuiiy. advised ,of the details of
the incident ; as they are ascer
tained." — -.,-¦-.
''¦• .For -'several days President
Roosevelt has been v following:
Continued on Face 3, Column Q. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 27.-Edlth White,
former wife of John A. White, general
agent for the International Harvester
Company,* died of starvation In the Klon
dike country and her body has probably
been devoured by wild beasts.
Such is the information contained in a
special dispatch from Seattle, which gives
details of th& finding of the unfortunate
woman's diary, containing a history of
her life from the time she left her former
home in Mankato, Minn., until she died
of exposure and lack of food in the heart
of the trackless Copper River country.
Mrs. White was a graduate of the Den
tal School of the State University and
was practicing dentistry in Dawson City
two years, ago. She wrote to her relatives
here saying she was going Into the in
terior and probably would not be heard
of for some time.
In a letter written from Central Alaska
July 29. William Shafer, a petty officer in
the employ of the Government Signal
Corps, related the story of the finding of
letters and a diary tending to show that
Mrs. White perished from cold and hunger
under circumstances most pitiable.
. While trying to make her way unaccom
panied to an interior camp in the Copper
River country, Mrs. White says in the
diary, that she was lost in the moun
tains for days. She wandered through
canyons in a vain endeavor to find some
human habitation. Twice she had narrow
escapes from wild beasts, once sha
escaped from vicious mountains lions by
wading into p. small lake up to her neck,
where she stood in the icy water, while
the ravenous beasts crouched on the edge
of the lake.
More dead than alive/ Mrs. White,
emerged from the water and lay down
exhausted. With her remaining energy
she scribbled with indelible pencil let*
ters and the diary which recorded her
wanderings and sufferings up to the- time
that hunger had deprived her of strength
to write.
Shafer took possession pt these letters
and the diary and also made a diligent
search for the body. This he did not find,
but forwarded copies of the letters and
the diary to the address given, that in
this manner White might be informed of
his wife's death..
closely the developments of the
situation in Turkey. With the
country in such a turmoil as now
prevails almost anything is likely
to happen. With a view to consid
ering the subject the more care
fully, the President and Secretary
of State Hay arranged for a con
ference to-morrow at Sagamore
Hill. The Secretary -4s now en
route to Oyster Bay.
At the .conference to-morrow
the President and Secretary Hay
will consider the Turkish situa
tion carefully and probably will
reach some conclusion as to the
attitude of the United States as re
specting the late serious phase of
the. matter. •
.In the absence of definite infor
mation concerning the assassina
tion of the Vice Consul the Presi
dent will take no decided step be
yond that already taken in order
ing the European squadron to Bei
rut. This action is viewed now as
a precautionary measure. It is the
QYSTER BA Y, iV. ' Y., Aug. '27.— -President Roosevelt to-night issued orders- that the European squad
ron, under command of Admiral Cotton, should j>roteed immediately to Beirut, Syria, to be in readi
ness to support any demand made by the UmtedM States on Tiurkey, on account of the assassination of
William C. Magelssen, U. S. Vice Consul at Beirut. ;
AMERICAN VICE CONSUL IS SLAIN BY ASSASSIN,
AND WARSHIPS STEM TO THE COAST OF SYRIA
SAN FRANCISCO, "FRrp^Yi^^UGrUST 28^ 1903;
The San Francisco Call.Beat to Windward Puts
the Foreign Boat
Far Astern.
• BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 27.— O. T. Thatcher,
a prominent merchant and saloon man on the
aouth fork of the Kern River, Is under arrest
at K* ravine, charred with silling liquor to
Plute Indiana. The Indians are quite numer
ous in that section and bave given considerable
trouble at times.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Aug. 27.— The
Populist State Convention to-night nomi
nated the following ticket: Governor, L.
H. Weller, Nashua; Lieutenant Governor,
8. T. Harvey, Des Moines; Judge of the
Supreme Court, J. A. Lowenberg, Ottum
wa; Railroad Commissioner. Walter Mc-
Cullagh, Davis City; Superintendent of
Public Instruction— Hilo Bunce.' Stuart.
Populists Make Nominations.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Aug. 27.— In the
bicycle meet at tho Coliseum track to
night the principal events were: Half
mile national circuit championship— Final
heat won by Frank L. Kramer, East Or
ange, N. J.: Iver Lawson, Salt Lake City,
second. Time, :59 3-5. Ten-mile open, pro
fessional — Won by^Frank L. Kramer: F.
A. McFarland, San Jose. Cal., second.
Time, 23:04.
Winners at New. Haven.
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Aug. 27.—Presi
dent Roosevelt announced to-night that
Henry C. Ide, at present a member of the
Philippine Commission, would be desig
nated as Vice Governor. of the Philippines
in succession to General Luke Wright
when the latter assumes the office of Gov
ernor General. Mr. Ide has been a mem
ber of the commission for several years
and is held In high esteem by the Presi
dent and the officials of the War De
partment. Th.e President has selected a
man to fill the vacancy made in the per
sonnel of the commission and has prof
fered the commlssloncrshlp to him. No
answer to the offer has- been received,
however, and until this Is at hand the
name of the man selected will not be
made known.
Henry C. Ide Will Succeed General
Luke Wright in the Phil- . "
ippines.
PRESIDENT SELECTS
. _ .NEW VICE GOVERNOR
This accident is of value In ' showing
that Alpine Climbing Is dangerous at all
times and all places, with guides or with
out guides. This very same slope has
been crossed almost dally for twenty-flve
years. . . • .
The g-ujde.-who was caught by huge Ice
blocks and pinned in up to his neck, was
hacked out after one hour's hard work
by George Sossang, a Pontrejina guide.
Jt is feared. Schlegel is fnjured internally,
as one of the ice blocks smashed in his
ribs. Mainzer is hardly, the worse for,, his
remarkable venture. ',
This group heard an ominous crackling
behind them and turned and missed the
two men immediately. They, expected to
find Mainzer and the- guide at the bottom
of this cavern, but on lowering them
relves by ropes they found Mainzer prac
tically unharmed on the snow.
Herbert K. Mainzer. an experienced
young American Alpinist, left the
Tscheriva Hut with a guide named Schle
f;el at 4 o'clock this morning to ascend
Morteratsch Mountain, which he had done
almost daily. Twenty minutes below the
summit while ascending the well-known
"teepest ice elope and while in the middle
Ihe center suddenly caved in, forming a
crevasse more than 150 feet in depth.
Both men were dashed to the bottom,
with masses of ice towering above them.
Both the guide and tourist lost conscious
ness. By sheer good luck they had been
preceded fifteen minutes by another party
with two guides.
ST. MORITZ. Aug. 27.— An accident has
Just occurred here which the oldest guides
consider one of the most extraordinary es
capes in recent years.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The next race, which will be like the
one attempted to-day, fifteen miles to
leeward or windward and return", will be
sailed on Saturday. ¦'¦¦; /-..*?'
Even in the light air it was astonishing
how the defender slipped through the
placid seas. With the gentle breeze dis
tending the surface of her pure white
sails and her stern crowded -with bars
to hold her head up, she moved along
as serenely and peacefully as if In a
dreamless sleep, yet the gap between her
and the challenger steadily widened un
til two mile3 separated them. Half an
hour from home, when the spectators
had abandoned any idea that the fjnish
line could be reached In time, the 'wind
suddenly freshened and the Reliance
came bowling down at a merry clip. But
the wind had come too late, and when
still a few hundred yards from home the
gun on the tug Navigator boomed across
the water.* The excursion boats held on
until she crossed the line, to give her a
reusing welcome, and then scampered for
New York. Sir Thomas, who heretofore
has always followed his champion into
the Hook, sent his steam yacht Erin
ahead at full speed, as if to drown out
the memory of the Inglorious defeat he
received to-day.
After rounding the float for the. run
home and setting big ballooners, the
wind, which had strengthened to six or
seven knots on the beat, died down, and
the towering clouds of canvas drifted
lazily down an ocean lane a mile wide
between the two divisions of the excur
sion fleet-
Fuliy as discouraging: as the sailing
qualities displayed by the challenger was
the manner in which she was handled.
The Yankee skipper not only outmaneuv
ered his rival in the spectacular battle
for position at the start, as he has done
every time they have met, but, worse still
for the down-hearted supporter of the
Shamrock, Captain Wringe repeated his
blunder of Tuesday. He crossed the line
in the wake of the Reliance with a handi
cap of sixty-one of the precious seconds
for which Designer Fife had sacrificed
so much in sail spread for time allowance.
Both boats, it is true, went over after
the smoke of the handicap gun, but where
both are handicapped it is only the stern
most craft which actually suffered.
It was not a pleasant day on the water
and the observation fleet which put out
to sea to witness the race was hardly
more than half as large as on the pre
ceding days. There was a chill in the
atmosphere. 'Low, ¦ wet - clouds shut out
the sky., and the mist wreaths on the sea
made everything look ghostlike and in
distinct. . The , dark .water of tbe-ccean
was 'aa smooth as a floor and a slight
breeze of about four, knots blew out of
the southwest. The course was laid
fifteen miles dead into the wind and
return.
At the end of the first hour Shamrock
was beaten and the interest waned.
THE WIND FAILS.
The Reliance beat the Shamrock hope
leesly in the fifteen miles of windward
work, rounding the outer mark twelve
minutes and thirty seconds ahead of her,
a gain in actual time of seventeen min
utes twenty-nine seconds, and down the
wind she steadily increased her lead. The
real race of the day was not against the
Shamrock, but was In the exciting strug
gle of the Reliance in the last half hour
to reach the finish line before the regatta
committee fired the gun which should an
nounce the expiration of the time limit.
Had the wind freshened twenty minutes
sooner than it d'd the cup series would
have ended to-day with three straight
wins for the defender and the Shamrock
would have sailed back to England one
of the most worsted challengers in the
history of the America's cup contests
BATTLE FOE POSITION.
Although officially it was no race, the
defeat administered to the challenger was
so ignorainous that whatever lingering
hope remaining in the breast of the
friends of the Shamrock III vanished.
The Reliance's victory was in every way
more decisive than that of last Saturday.
The Shamrock was outsailed, outpointed
and outfooted from start to finish.
horizon, fuliy two miles astern
from the gallant defender, the fourth race
of the present series for the America's cup
waa to-day declared off because of the ex
piration of the time limit of 'five and" a
half hours, as happened on the first oc
casion.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— With the
Reliance less than a third of a
mile from the finish line and the
Shamrock III hull down on the
GUIDE FALLS
WITH TOURIST
IN CREVASSE
PORTLAND, Mp., Auk. 2S.-A fleet of
sixteen warship* wa» reported at 12:3 off
Higg-lns Beach, at the extreme en<l of
<*ape Elizabeth, with lights doused. A
landing party from Old Orchard was re
ported marching toward the harbor xle
(fentes at J a. m. The patrols were
doubled.
Texas. The soldiers on shore did not re-
I<rl the attack until the naval force had
Loaded, remaining in ambush in the
v.oods. As the Jackies reached the shore
the four six-pounders of the land battery
c;>ened fire. It was soon silenced by the
h«*a\y guns of the Scorpion and Peoria.
This brought the affair to a climax, and
lh<>' invaders were declared victors.
The next move of the navy, for which
the defenders were waiting, proved disas
trous for the land forces. An attacking
force of 1400 jackies and marines, which
lcft-jthe fleet in eighteen ship's boats and
five steam launches, towed by the gun
boats Scorpion and Peoria, landed on the
eastern point of Long Island, stormed the
heights, captured the slender garrison of
3j0 men. the two big sixty-loch search
lights and thirty-six-inch searchlight and
took entire possession of the Island for
:he navy forces. The attack was led by
<'aptain Winnerton of the battleship
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 27.— The events
end developments in the war g-ame to
night were considered the most Important
£ince the hostile fleet first appeared off
1'ortland. The navy made a grand coup
In the capture of Long Island In the .fore
noon and the army made a. spectacular
t>lay !n the destruction of all the seven
ttcn opposing ships that attacked the
coast defenses In the afternoon. The
r.avy, however, seems to have had a little
the better of it. for, strange as it may
•ecra, the capture of Long Island was
considers/.* more Important than thd de
struction rtf the seventeen vessels. Long
Is lar.d has been declared out of the g-ame
until to-morrow night at 9 o'clock. The
tig searchlights will not be working,
which will be of almost irestimable value
to the navy. On the other hand, after
sunset the destroyed warships went back
Into commission again. The Hartford
fougfct with the fleet, and although a
training 6hip. has been used as a cruiser,
evidently. The movements last night and
early to-day were not of great Import
ance. None of the big ships took part.
Several of the gunboats and small
eruizrs tried to get landing parties on
the various fortifications, but were re
!>ulsed.
No reg-ular attack was expected to
night, but It was thought landing parties
would attempt, as last night, to capture
sume of the forts.
Wringe at the Mercy of
the Cleverness of .
Captain Barr.
Searchlights Are Tempor
arily Out of the Great
War Game.
Yankee Skipper Fairly
Outgenerals the
Britisher.
Long Island Is Stornaed
by Jackies and
Marines.
FLEET CAPTURES
IMPORTANT POST
BOATS. . . • START. TURN. FINISH.
Reliance . 11:02 1:55:10 4:38:45
Shamrock J 11:02 . 2:07:40 (Did not finish.)
RELIANCE ADMINISTERS A MOST DECISIVE DEFEAT TO CHALLENGER
BUT IN LIGHT WIND IS NOT ABLE TO FINISH WITHIN TIME LIMIT
FLOODS MENACE
KANSAS CITIES
Rise .of Five te> Seven
Feet in Kaw River
Predicted
Lipton Entertains Hope
of Success in a
Good Wind.
Heavy Rains Fall in Several
State3 and Bridges
Are in Danger,
Sir Thomas Defers Words
of Regret Until a
Later Day.
SANDY HOOK, Aug. 27.— Both boats
came up quickly to the Hook after
the failure to finish and took up
their anchorages. Sir Thomas, In
speaking of to-day's affair, said:
"I am willing to repeat what I said this
morning. I still have hope, slim though
It is. Let us hope for a spanking good
breeze on Saturday. I called my friends
around me this afternoon and was about
to express my regret at my failure when
I happened to look at my watch. Then I
reserved the decision, and I may never
havu to make that speech."
Mr. Uelin and Captain Barr declined to
talk, except that Mr. Iselin regretted
that the wind was not sufficient to bring
th« boats In on time.
LIVES LOST
IN A FLOOD
IN STREETS
COUNCIL BLUFFS, la., Aug. 27.— The
Missouri River valley, from Missouri Val
ley, twenty miles north, to Pacific Junc
tion, fifteen miles south of here, is al
most a lake for the entire distance, and
of the five trunk lines running east from
here, only one, the Illinois Central, is
able to get a train in or out of the city.
Two persons, H. H. Larue of Coming
and "A. R. Fash of Clinton, a horseman,
lost their lives while attempting to res
cue a number of persons from the fair
grounds, which were suddenly flooded.
Larue was electrocuted while pushing a
boat under an electric light wire and
Fash was drowned. Three others are
missing and are thought to have lost
their lives on the flooded fair grounds.
The flood was caused by a sudden rise
in the Nodaway River to-day, which sub
merged the grounds before those having
charge of exhibits knew of their danger,
part of them being asleep. The water
reached a depth of twenty-one- feet on
the grounds and Washed away a number
of buildings.
The railroads are the heaviest sufferers
from the flood. The Burlington exist and
south has half a dozen bad washouts and
their track is under water at a number
of other points. Their bridge at Malvern
was washed out entirely and traffic is
badly blocked. The Wabash road, which
runs south, has several washouts.
The Northwestern tracks between this
city and Missouri Valley are nearly all
under water and no trains have been run
over them to-day. The Rock Island Rail
road has been unable to get trains far
ther west than Atlantic and the Milwau
kee is blocked at Neola.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Aug. 2T.— Unpr#«
cedentedly heavy rains north ani west of
Kansas City have caused the Kansas and
Missouri rivers to rise suddenlj to un
usual heights and the result hire may
prove grave. A bulletin issued to-day by
the local "Weather Bureau announced that
the Kansas or Kaw River would rlsa
from five to seven feet at Kansas City
in the next forty-eight hours, and a rise
of eaual magnitude, it is said. Is coming
this, way down the Missouri. . The- fact
that the Missouri will rise also is caus
ing anxiety, as it is tjelieved It will re
tard the flow of the Kansas River at the
mouth of the latter stream and endan
ger the temporary bridges, as well aa the
railway yards and heavy business in the
west bottoms. Two temporary pile
bridges were carried out by last week's
rise and others were damaged, and it is
feared that the expected rise may carry
oi?t more of them. The current is swift
and it carries much driftwood. If tho
bridges go out it would cripple the traffic
of the big packing houses and other es
tablishments across the Kansas line from
here and cut off communication between
the two Kansas Cltys.
The Kansas River here to-day rose three
feet in ten hours and is still rising rap
idly. At Lawrence this stream rose four
feet during the night, and at Topeka It
is also ud about four feet.
RIVEH BREAKS BAJJKS.
At Manhattan, where the Big Blue emp
ties into the Kansas, the latter stream
has risen seven feet In the last twelve
hours. At that point the Blue has broken
from its banks and Is cutting across the
country, taking a short course to the
Kansas River. Many farms are deep un
der water. At Stockdale, eight mllea
north of Manhattan, the Blue is slightly
higher than during the great June flood.
Farmers continue to move their stock
and household effects to higher places.
Several small washouts are reported on
the Union Pacific east of Manhattan.
A seven-foot rise in the rivers at Kan
sas City may be the climax of the pres
ent high water, but the conditions favor
more rain in this section.
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 27.— The Kansas
River at this place is slowly rising. On
account of the heavy rains a rise of five
to seven feet is expected by morning.
At Manhattan the Blue River is to
night sixteen and a half feet above the
low water mark. The river is overflow
ing its banks and hundreds of acrea of
growing crops are ruined and farmers are
being driven from their homes. The Union
Pacific and Blue Valley tracks are under
water and cannot be used to-night.
LATE CROPS ASSURED.
GUTHRIE, O. T.. Aug. 27.— A general
rain fell over Eastern Oklahoma to-day
that practically Insures the- cotton and
late corn crops.
OMAHA, Aug. 27.— Rain fell In Omaha
in torrents for six hours after midnight,
doing a great deal of damage to streets,
street car lines and wires. . Most ot u>«
trains are badly delayed on aocount of
the soft tracks and minor washouts. Sim
ilar reports are received from over the
State. At Liberty nine Inches of water
fell In twenty-four hours.
MABSHALLTOWX, Iowa. Aug. 27.— A
terrific storm did much damage south of
here In Jasper and Poweshiek counties.
Near Searsboro the corn crop is practi
cally ruined. Roofs were blown from box
cars and outbuildings overturned. Rail
road traffic is badly interfered with,
owing to washouts.
BURLINGTON, 111.. Aug. 27.— The
worst rain of the season fell all last night
and early this morning. The whole coun
try is flooded and streams are out of their
banks. Numerous small bridges are re
ported out and it is feared much damage
has been done to crops by washing out.
ERUPTION OF VESUVIUS •
IS SLOWLY DECREASING
Stream of Lava Widens to a Hundred
Feet and Decreases in
Velocity.
ROME, Aug. 27.— The eruption of Mount
Vesuvius is slowly decreasing. The
stream of lava has diminished in velocity,
having widened to about 100 feet.
Several fissures nearer the crater are
enlarging, some toward Naples being
thlrty-nve feet wide.
The Government has ordered the tele-
Rraph offices tn the villages around Mount
Vesuvius to be kept open all night, so as
to be ready to send out alarms if neces
sary.
GERMAN PHYSICIANS ¦
FIGHT A FATAL DUEL
Controversy of State Hospital and
Outdoor Belief Doctors Leads
to Affair of Honor.
BERLIN, Aug. 27.— Dr. Schwartz, man
ager of the State Hospital at Muehl
hausen, Alsace-Lorraine, killed Dr.
Schloss, who was the leader of a strike
movement on the part of outdoor relief
physicians at Muehlhausen, in a duel, two
or three days ago. The survivor and the
seconds apparently tried to conceal the
cause of Dr. Schloss' death, attributing
it to blood poisoning, according to one re
port. The police took possession of the
body as it was about to be cremated at
Gothand and ordered the arrest of Dr.
Schwartz for murder.
The duel was the result of a controversy
lasting for months between the manage
ment of the National Sick Insurance
Funds and several thousands of physi
cians employed by the free hospitals or
outdoor relief.
Dies at Her Home in Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 27.— Mrs. Sarah
Agnes Rains, wife of ex-Supervisor Gal
lant Rains, died . to-day. Deceased was
a native of Louisiana and 45 vears old.
She leaves four children and several
brothers in Texas.
Another Tunnel Fire.
PARIS. Aug. 27.— A fire which broke out
In a car of the Metropolitan Under
ground Railway at the Hotel de Vllle sta
tion to-day caused a panic among the
passengers, who Jumped from the train.
Several persons were Injured and one
woman fractured her skull. The other
passengers were less seriously injured.
"- GILROY, Aug.- 27.— Mrs. Clark, wife of
Dr. . J. Clark of this city; who was thrown
headlong out of a cart yesterday after
noon In ; a runaway accident, died this
morning from her injuries.
Succumbs to . Her Injuries.
BERLIN, Aug. 27.— The French Embas
sador ( has presented $1000 to the Foreign
Office in ¦ behalf of. President Loubet for
the relief of the sufferers from the recent
floods in Silesia. -
Belief for Flood Sufferers.
At 1:02, .when the turning . mark was
rising above the horizon, five miles away,
the" Reliance appeared to be a good.mile
ahead of the Shamrock and gaining. Both
boats began I to make * short ¦ hatches for
the, mark, the] Shamrock following suit
whenever the Reliance went about. Three
.Barring accidents or flukes, the race
had been won- at 12:20, when the red
lightship was not .more than five miles
alee and the Reliance three-quarters of a
mile dead to windward and persistently
outpointing Sir Thomas 1 forlorn hope.
Ten minutes later, when about ilx miles
of the course had been covered, the.Re
liance, tacked, hut, as the Shamrock kept
on, promptly went about again. Then the
Shamrock .went, about and the Reliance
followed. Ba.rr was i unwilling . to split
tacks, as : he had ' the Shamrock beaten
and only needed to hold her where she
was. ' . ¦ • >;
of his time allowance. The Reliance was
leading by about 300 yards. Once, across
the line, they held the port tack a few
minutes and then went about headed
eastward. The Reliance was a good bit
up to windward and hanging on to her
windward position, while the Shamrock
tried to make up for it by footing the
faster; but the next tack, twenty-five
minutes after the start, when Shamrock
had lost ground and as they lay about
the same course, was a quarter of a mile
astern of the American craft. .
The boats were heeling gently, stepping
along at a remarkable pace,, considering
how light the air was, and foot by foot
the Reliance was working away from her
rival.
TIME ALLOWANCE LOST. :
Captain Wringe had lost the best part
ing skipper in Great Britain at
getting his boat over the starting line,
was defeated to-day. The preliminary
Jockeying and start was the prettiest ex
hibition of skill and seamanship In the
series. It was a contest for the wind
ward position. Only once did Cap lain
Barr lose it, and then ha promptly re
gaineu it. For fifteen minutes preceding
the start he held the British boat tucked
neatly under the lee wing of the defender,
despite Captain "Wringe's best efforts • t<5
clear his boat, and when It was over and
the boats clipped across fhe line Barr
held a splendid victory to his credit.
The wind, which was from the south
east and blowing at four knots, was Just
dimpling the smooth sea when the com
mittee tug flew the course Bignal Indicat
ing a fifteen-mile beat to windward and
run home. "When the preparatory -gun
sounded at 10:45 a. m. the racers were
sailing parallel to the starting line and
to windward of it with the Reliance to
windward, where Barr wanted her. At
the. end of the line the Shamrock III
luffed and tried to force Barr about, but
the Yankee would not yield and Wringe
had to give up and fill away again. They
crossed the opposite end of the line out
side of the line, the Shamrock III drop
ping back and luffing to windward of the
Reliance on the way. That was the only
time Barr was caught jto leeward. Luf
fing hard, he sailed a circle around the
challenger, blanketed her as the starting
gun sounded, bore off around the ntern
of the lightship and luffed across the line
with 'a - handicap of forty-one seconds.
The Shamrock followed, handicapped by
one [ minute and forty-one seconds, 1 one
minute and one second of which was dead
loss. The official starting time for both
boats was 11:02, but the actual start as
timed by the regatta committee was as
follows:
Reliance 11.02:41
Shamrock III : ............11:03:42
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Not only
the Shamrock III, but Captain
Wringe. whom Sir Thomas Lip
ton had pronounced the best rac-
Defender Almost Makes
it Three . Straight
Victories.
' Meantime Shamrock III had caught a
freshening southwest breeze, taken in her
spinnaker and was reaching for the line
at' a better clip than at any. time dur
ing the race, but when the finish^ gun
was fired she , began to take in sail and
before she reached the lightship was car
rying nothing but a balloon Jib topsail.
She did not cross the finish line.
The wind freshened a bit as she neared
the line. She was still a quarter of a
mile distant from the line when the navi
gator gave notice that the race was off.
The Reliance kept on and crossed at
4:38:13, six minutes and forty-five seconds
behind the time limit.
It was evident that the yachts were
covering about five miles an hour. They
had been approximately three' hours In
beating fifteen miles, and unless the wind
should freshen there was small prospect
of their covering the fifteen miles home
in the hour and a half remaining. Once
heading homeward balloon Jib topsails
were broken out and spinnakers set to
port on both boats. They dawdled along
in exasperating fashion, while an hour
slipped away. Not a change took place
on either of the yachts nor did the result
seem to be" any relative difference In their
positions.
The Reliance was losing her race against
time, and at 4 p. rn. had little hope of
getting across the line at 4:32, when the
time limit of- five and a half hours would
expire. She was six miles from the finish
when her sails fell aslant of wind from
southwest, her spinnaker was smothered
and she laid a reach homeward. .Hope
revived only to be dashed. Five minutes
afterward when the wind again backed
to southeast her spinnaker was again set.
BREEZE TOO LIGHT.
legs brought the Reliance within a few
hundred yards of the turn, where she laid
a. straight course 'for the mark. As she
went about It, Shamrock III was about
a mile distant and coming on at a slow
poce in a very soft wind. -
The time at the turn was: '
Reliance . 7 ...1:55:10
Shamrock III . .. ..2:07:40
Run Home Increases the
Distance Between the
Yachts.
THE SAN FBAtf CISCO CALL, I RIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Chas. Ke'i l.u.'s <& Co.
E x c 1 us i -v e
High- Grade Clothiers
ICo Branch Etores. ' Ho Agenta,
Carefully Selected
Exclusive Patterns
Thoroughly Tested
Guaranteed Fabrics
Every Known Science
In High-Class Tailoring
Always Shown Here
® \ 3 2r ®
.* • #
K e a r n y S tree t
Thurlow Bloc k
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In Gouty, Rheumatic and Renal
Affections.
THESE PHYSICIANS HAVE USED IT PERSONALLY AND IN
practice:
Dr. Charles B. Nancredo, Professor of Surgery, Medkal Department^
University of Michigan : ** I have used it with undoubted advantage in my own
person."
Hunter McGuire, M.D., L.L.D., late President and Professor of Clinical
Surgery, University College of Medicine, Richmond, Va.; ex-President Amer-
ican Medkal As- u Rucpj.. A | pruia Uf ATCD "* * n a^aline diuretic
sociation, etc: , UVKEnMAt bllninfuUEiK is invaluable. In Uric
Acid Gravely and, indeed, in diseases generally dependent upon a Uric Add
Diathesis, it is a remedy of extraordinary potency. I have prescribed it in cases,
of Rheumatic Gout which had resisted the ordinary remedies, With wonderfully
good results. I have used it also in my own case, being a great sufferer from
this malady, and have derived more bentfit from it than any other remedy."
Dr. John R. Page, Birmingham, Ala., formerly Professor of Zoology,
Botany, etc., University of Virginia: " I am fully satisfied of its great value in
the treatment of all affections due to a Gouty Diathesis. Indeed, I have expe-
rienced very decided benefit from its use in Gout in my own person."
Dr. Algernon S. Garnett, Surgeon (Retired) U. S. Navy, Resident
Physician, Hot Springs, Ark.: "1 have had excellent results from this water in
Gout, Rheumatism and that hybrid disease, Rheumatic Gout, both in my own
person and in the treatment of patients for whom I have prescribed it."
Voluminous medical testimony sent on request. For sale by the general drug
and mineral water trade.
, Hotel at Springs Now Open
PROPRIETOR BUFFALO LITHIA SPRINGS. VIRGINIA.
GOLDBERG. BOWES & CO. (Incorporated). San Francisco. Cat.determination of the United
States to support its demands
upon Turkey for the punishment
of the murderer or murderers of
Consul Magelssen, but until the
circumstance^ surrounding the
murder are known precisely, the
United States, it is stated, will not
take any drastic action.
Mohammedans Demand
Expulsion of Foreign
. Religions.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
SHAH OF PERSIA
HEARS THREATS
PERPETRATOR
W OF THE CRIME
YET UNKNOWN
NEW ' YORK. Aub. 27. — San Francisco — J.
H. Batcher. Hoffman; C. TV. Hawks, . Hotel
Imperial; A. Morrison, Manhattan; S. 8.
Schwertzle. Gran<r Union; D. .WV.Staley, Marl
>borough; Miss White and Mra. A. L. White,
Manhattan.
Calif ornians in New York.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 27.— The third' sec
tion of the Barnum & Bailey circus train,
composed almost entirely of sleepers for
the performers, was wrecked at Wild
v;ood, Pa., on the Pittsburg and Western
Railroad, early to-day and a serious ac
cident was narrowly averted. As this sec
tion of the train was passing on the
northbound track a freight train on the
southbound track got beyond the control
of the crew and came dashing down the
grade. Just as the last of the sleepers
was almost clear the runaway 'train
Jumped . the track and one car crashed
into the rear sleeper, damaging the car
badly. The car had about forty people on
board and they were rudely awakened
from' their sleep.
Both tracks were blockaded for a num
ber of hours and the circus train went
through, leaving the on© car behind. '. The
performers In the damaged car were fur
nished with another car this morning and
taken on to Join the rest of the circus.
Runaway Freight Dashes By and
Jumps the Track Just as Last
Sleeper Is Almost Clear.
CIRCUS TRAIN NARROWLY
ESCAPES SERIOUS WRECK
STON'INGTON, Conn., August 27.— The
Metropolitan steamship II. M. Whitney,
from New York to BoEton, ran down and
sunk the schooner John Booth Just west
of New Haven during last night. The
Whitney rescued the captain of the
Booth; the Maine of the Stonington line
saved a sailor, but the live other men In
the Booth's crew and a passenger who
belonged in Salem, Mass., were drowned.
Five Members of the Crew and a Pas
senger From Salem Are
Drowned.
SCHOONER JOHN BOOTH
IS RUN DOWN AND SUNK
TUCSON. Ariz., Aug. 27.— Officers have
captured four of the prisoners who es
caped from the Plma Jail on Tuesday aft
ernoon. Carlos McCormick, the boy who
is serving time for the murder of a com
panion, and a Mexican smuggler named
Alvarado were captured by Sheriff Mur
phy near Hart's ranch. They were mak
ing rapid progress through the wooded
section along along the Santa Cruz River
and would have been across the Mexican
line in a few hours. They had robbed a
ranch up the river to secure food, but
were not supplied with arms. They made
no trouble, but immediately gave them
selves up to the Sheriff.
Hernandez, the one-armed Mexican
smuggler, was captured at another ranch
in the valley, where" he had stopped for
food. He was recognized by the proprie
tor and held until the officers could ar
rive. Sid Smith, the negro, who was held
for assault to commit murder, was taken
into custody a short distance from the
city. His hiding place in town was be
coming too hot, and finding that the offi
cers were on his trail he fled, but only to
run into a traijT that had been set for him.
Billy Stiles il^ safely lodged in a steel
cell and undervheavy guard, as is also
Teodore Ellas, who is under sentence to
be hanged for killing a.Tuscon officer.
The- Sheriff realizes that the Jail is un
safe and fears another attempt will be
made to break Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call
OAXACA, Mexico, Aug. 27.—Excite
ment here is at fever heat over the won
derfully rich gold deposit at EJutla. All
mining men here, as well as many busi
ness men, have gone in the wild rush to
EJutla and are staking out claims. It Is
probably the richest and most extensive
gold district yet discovered in this coun
try and a stampede to the section is an
ticipated.
Mexican Gold Deposits Found.
Arizona Deputies Quick
ly Run Down
Escapes.
PARIS. Aug. 27.— Former President Cas
imir-Perler has written an open letter de
nying all connection with the Humberts
except in the matter of receiving a tri
fling contribution for political purposes.
He specifically denies the reports that he
sought the hand of a member of the
Humbert family.
Declares He Did Not Seek Hand of a
Member of the Family in
Marriage^, »
CASIMIR-PERIER DENIES
DEALING WITH HUMBERTS
JAIL BREAKERS
ARE CAPTURED
PARIS, Aug. 27.— The expulsion of the
Redemptorlst Fathers from their moiT
astery at Lese Sables, department; of
Vendee, was carried out to-day. The bar
ricaded building was surrounded at 3
o'clock this morning by soldiers, . police
and firemen. The monastery bells sum
moned a crowd of people to its;defense,
missiles were thrown out of the windows
and several of the besiegers were injured.
After four hours' siege, the barricades
were forced and the fathers retreated to
the roof, where they continued their de
fense until dislodged by streams of wa
ter. Many arrests were made. ':¦*
Bells Summon People to
Aid in Resisting
Police.
The writer adds that the possession of
Fernando Po carries with It the commer
cial anfl .military domination of Germany's
West African colonies and urges German
rapltal to emulate the recently formed
Liverpool syndicate, and prepare to
nchieye. economic conquests of the Isl
ands.
If the islands were to fall into the hands of
a military and naval power like Great Britain
It would constitute a wedse In our flesh euch
it- we have permitted to be driven Into us at
nary points, but which we must hereafter
f-cri ttf.::.f!.
BERLIN. Aug. 27.— Major Curt Morgen,
the well known German colonial expert,
writing in the Colonial Gazette, asserts
that the German Government has already
taken steps and is preparing to take fur
ther steps to insure the Island of Fernan
do Po coming into the possession of Ger
many, whenever Spain is ready to dispose
of it. Major Morgen says:
Its Possession "Will Carry With It
Domination of Empire's West
' African Colonies.
GERMANY WILL ACQUIRE
• FERNANDO PO 'ISLAND
Cardir.Rl Espinosa was deeply affected.
He said he had never thought he would
be able to live to see the day, and added
that he was now most anxious to return
10 Spain, where he would die happily.
The Pope, in the kindest manner, encour
aged and comforted the Cardinal. The
latter recalled the goodness of the Pope
in going to see him at the conclave im
mediately after his election and kissed
Pius X's hand, saying:
"I was the first to receive the apos
tolic benediction. This which you now
pive me may be my last."
The resignation of Elihu Root as Sec
retary of War is regretted at the Vat
ican, as under him the negotiations re
garding the friars' lands in the Philip
pines were conducted with reciprocal sat
isfaction. However, the news that he will
be succeeded by Judge Taft was received
with great pleasure, the Governor having
left the best impression after his visit
here last year and being personally
known to most of the Cardinals, who.
under the present Pope, will have leading
Influence at the Vatican.
ROME. Aug. B.— A most Impressive
c*remo2>' occurred at the Vatican to-day.
Cardlral Herrero y Esplnosa, Archbishop
of Valencia, who was at the point ot
death during the conclave, but who has
now recovered, though etill In delicate
heath, drove from the Spanish College,
where 'be Las been staying, to the Vat
ican, where he was carried to the papal
apartment in the late Pope Leo's eedan
chair to have the red hat privately con
ferred on him. Except in unusual cases
the Cardinal's hat is presented at con
sistories. The Pope, assisted by Car
dinals Oreglia, Macchl and- Moran, per
formed the function.
Apartment
Ceremony Is Performed Pri
vately in the Papal
With no details as to the as
sassination or the attempt to burn
the Euphrates College there is no
definite basis for the prediction as
to the political effect of these
events. The State Department
however, does not believe the as
sassination can be attributed teethe
same elements of violence that are
bringing on a general conflagra
tion in the Balkans.
Harput has always been a cen-
The outlook was made dis
tinctly worse about 4 o'clock this
afternoon, when Mr. Loomis was
handed this telegram from the
American Board of Missions in
Boston:
"The American Board of Mis
sions is advised of- an attempt t*
burn the buildings of the Eu
phrates College at Harput, Tur
key, where the conditions are
growing critical."
A copy of this message was also
sent to President Roosevelt at
Oyster Bay. He has directed the
State Department to have Mr.
Leishman demand full reparation.
This the department has already
done.
NO FEAR OP ALLIANCES.
In order- that the European
squadron, consisting of the cruis
ers Brooklyn (Captain Richard
son Clover commanding) and the
San Francisco (Captain Asa
Walker commanding) , both now
at Nice, and the gunboat Machias
(Commander McCrea command
ing), coaling at Genoa, Italy,
might be prepared to back up the
demands for justice with a show
of force in Turkish waters, Cap
tain W. S. Cowles, Acting Chief
of the Bureau of Navigation, ca
bled Rear- Admiral Cotton to hold
himself in readiness to sail.'
This first order did not say
what emergency caused it or
where the squadron might be or
dered to proceed. It would take
the European squadron, of which
the Brooklyn is the flagship, about
six days to run from Nice to Bei
rut, which is on the Mediterra
nean coast of the Turkish prov
ince of Syria.
Mr. Loomis at once sent a copy
of this cablegram to President
Roosevelt at Oyster Bay. Then he
cabled to M r. Leishman to de
mand of the Turkish Government
a prompt investigation of the
crime, the arrest and punishment
of the guilty, and to advise the
State Department of the details of
assassination as soon as possible.
Mr. Magelssen, who was about
30 years old, a brother-in-law, of
Mr. Ravndal, was appointed Vice
Consul at Beirut on September 20,
1899, prior to which time he had
been consular clerk in Turkey. He
was of Scandinavian descent,
born in 1873 at Bratsburg, Fill
more County, Minn., and was the
son of a Lutheran minister. He
was a student at' the Lutheran
College at Decorah, Iowa, for
three years. For a time he was
assistant City Assessor of Sioux
Falls, S. D., and was also asso
ciate editor, of a paper called the
Echo, published there.
He was a man of more than
usual intelligence, with a record
clear of any personal or official
trouble which might be construed
as a cause for any one to seek his
life. He was appointed Vice Con
sul at the instance of Mr. Ravn
dal, his brother-in-law, who is
from North Dakota, on the rec
ommendation of Senator Nelson
of Minnesota.
SQUADRON HAS ORDERS.
from Beirut.
PRESIDENT IS ADVISED.
gram from United States Min
ister to Turkey J. M. A. Leish
man, dated at Constantinople
Wednesday, and stating that he
had just received from G. Bie
Ravndal, at Beirut, news that
Vice Consul Magelssen was shot
and killed while riding in a car
riage on Sunday evening. Mr.
Leishman said he was seeking
further details, and that he could
not explain the delay in transmis
sion of the news to Constantinople
Red Hat Is Conferred
Upon the Spanish
Cardinal.
FATHERS DEFEND
THE MONASTERY
ter of disturbance. The former
United States Consul, Mr. Nor
'toh, had great difficulty in arriv
ing at his post there two years
ago. Missionaries there have fre
quently before been in serious dif
ficulty.
The United States policy in re
gard to these developments to the
injury of American interests will
be firm. But there will be no -joint
action with European powers. The
United States Government will
demand that Turkey make due
restitution by the punishment of
the offenders and possibly by in
demnity. When this is given the
United States will withdraw its
hand. This Government will run
no risks in becoming entangled in
any alliance, direct or indirect,
with any other power regarding
Turkey. It will steer clear of all
coalitions of European powers.
SOFIA, Aug. 27.— The east-bound dally
express from Budapest to Constan
tinople was blown up near Kuleli
Burgas, about twenty-five miles
south of Adrianople, early to-day.
Seven persons were killed and fif
teen were injured.. Dynamite bombs were
used. Every car .was smashed. Appar
ently the outrage was the work of revo
lutionists who traveled on the 'train.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 27. — The
bomb which wrecked the train near Ku
leli Bursas was thrown by a third class
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
ESPINOSA GIVEN
SPECIAL HONOR
tion. Under the circumstances the State
Department officials are inclined to be
lieve that the Turkish Foreign Office is
not in touch with the situatton at Beirut.
They do not attach sufficient importance
to Minister Leishman's last message to
cancel the order for the squadron to sail.
Acting Secretary Darling and Captain
Cowles of the Bureau of Navigation are
in conference to-night. Acting under the
Instructions of the President that A'd
miral Cotton's squadron be directed to
proceed immediately to Beirut, Mr. Dar
ling cabled to the admiral to this effect
at Nice, directing him to go to Beirut at
once. The President's Instructions on this
point will be carried out to the letter.
Dynamite Is Used by the Revolutionists to Wreck a Train
Near Adrianople and Seven Persons Lose Their Lives.
\
passenger who was in the buffet car. •
Only two cars were destroyed. The dead
include two Mussulman women, two chil
dren and three trainmen.
The appointment of Marshal Ibrahim
Pasha to command the. troops in Mace
donia has been canceled and the com
mand given to General Nassir Pasha, who
commanded the -brigade sent to pacify
the Albanians earlier in the year.
The Governor of lpek, Albania, has been
disnilssed for incapacity and . misconduct
and is succeeded by Said Bey, who com
manded the troops at Metrovitza when
the Albanians attacked that place ~ last
spring.
The difficulties of getting anything but
vcmors from the interior of Turkey or
any other Dart of the country are very
great. The telegraph wires are not open
to correspondents except for news satis
factory to the Turks and letters are open
ed and suppressed if considered unde
sirable.
ORDERS TO COTTON.
Squadron Will Sail for the Nearest
; Port, -v
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Acting Secre
tary of the Navy Darling sent this cable
gram at- 12:15. to-night to Rear Admiral
Cotton at Nice:
"Vice Consul at Beirut reported assas
sinated. Proceed immediately nearest
port. Report. DARLING."
It is expected the squadron will get
away immediately upon the receipt of
this telegram, the Brooklyn, San Fran
cisco and Machias going together.
Europeans Are in Very Great Danger
of Massacre..
TURKS. EXCEEDINGLY BITTER.
LONDON, Aug. 28.— According to a dis
patch to the Dally Mail from Uskub, the
Turks are very bitter toward the Euro
peans, believing it to be. their intention
to drive the Turks out of Europe.
The correspondent says he is convinced
that any hostile action by any European
power will be the signal for the massacre
of every European In: European Turkey.
Another serious danger is the fear of a
rising in Albania, where there are now
only 10,000 Turkish troops, left.
¦ LONDON, Aug. 27.— According to a dis
patch received here from Constantinople
the - Porte has been informed that the
United States Government has decided to
send a squadron to TurkUh waters Im
mediately to demand reparation for the
murder of William C. Magelssen, United
States, Vice Consul at Beirut, Syria, and
the punishment of the assassin.
PORTE IS INFORMED.
Decision to Dispatch Squadron Is
Known in Constantinople.
TUBKS ABE IGNORANT.
Foreign Office Says It Knows Noth
ing of the Murder. ¦> '
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Acting Secre
tary Doomls to-night cabled Minister
Leishman at Constantinople to make Im
mediate demands on the Porte to take
adequate measures for the- protection of
all Americans at Beirut and ; to prevent
any attack- on the college buildings. ..
Admiral"Cotton, who was directed to-day
to proceed to Beirut, cabled the Navy De
partment as follows, under date of 'Nice,
France:
"Cable just received. Machias at Genoa
for.co.al. Brooklyn has seven days', San
Francisco six and a half days' coal at ten
knots. Cannot exceed ' that speed with
Machias. If squadron going west. should
coal at Marseilles. If east at Genoa.
"COTTON." -
Admiral Cotton's Instructions are to sail
at once. It Is probable he will go ahead
to Beirut with the Brooklyn,; leaving the
Machias and San Francisco to follow. It
is estimated that the Brooklyn, going at
full speed, can reach Beirut within six
days.
Acting Secretary Loomis received a
rather remarkable cablegram- from Min
ister Leishman to-night, in which the lat
ter stated that he had called at the Turk
ish Foreign Office at Constantinople this
afternoon to inquire about the assassina
tion of the United States Vice Consul, and
that the Minister of Foreign Affairs em
phatically denied any knowledge of the
report. He also attempted to discredit It.
The cablegram gave no other informa-
FAMED BEIRUT
THE SCENE OF
' ASSASSINATION
UNITED STATES WILL DEMAND OF THE SULTAN PROMPT PUNISHMENT OF THE GUILTY
THE £AN FEAKCISCO CALL, : FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Assistant Sec
retary Robert B. Armstrong of the Treas
ury Department left here to-night for
Chicago; where he will be Joined by
Hamilton Fish. Assistant Treasurer of
the United States at New \ork. and Mr.
Stranahan. Collector of Customs, for a
month's vacation trip to the Pacific
Coast.
Federal Officials Coming West.
Brings Orchid Bulbs From .Manila.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 27.— The North
ern Pacific liner Victoria, which arrived
to-day from the Orient, brought In a con
signment of orchid bulbs from Manila,
which will be forwarded to St.- Louis °te
be exhibited at the fair. These bulbs
were sent out from Manila by the Gov
ernment and are a very rare species of
the orchid and worth many thousands of
dollars. The Victoria also brought about
200 bales of raw silk.
SPOKANE MAN CONFESSES
TO BLOWING UP BRIDGE
Arrested While Trying to Buy Dyna
mite to Destroy' Other Bail
road Property.
MISSOULA, Mont., Aug. 27.— Sam Cohn.
who says he is from Spokane, confessed
to-day that he blew up the Northern Pa
cific bridge at Livingston last ' month.
When arrested yesterday near Ailee he
was trying to buy dynamite. Cohn says
It is his mission on earth to correct cer
tain evils and destroy railroads, which he
says are all trusts. .
MODESTO. Aue. 27.— About $200 worth of
furs were stolen from a drummer at the Hotel
Imperial at Stockton a short time ago. A
Mexican named Mhriius was arrested here last
night while trying to s«U them.
BERLIN. Aus. 27.— The Chrlstia.
Orient, a German missionary paper pub
lished In Berlin, prints correspondence
from Teheran alleging that the leaders
of the Persian Mohammedan Church have
served notice on the Shah that unites he
purges the country of foreign religious
and commercial influences, especially
British and Russian, the church will pre
cipitate a revolution.
The church leaders also demand that
the Shah restore the religious and eco
nomic conditions which prevailed in Per
sia a century ago. The correspondent
says the anti-foreign movement is not
directed against the Germans, because the
natives are convinced that Germany has
no political Intentions and they consider
Turko-German friendship <o be a fore
runner of good feeling toward Germany
throughout the Mohammedan world.
Movement Is DirectedjAgainst
British and Russian
Influences.
President Roosevelt is concerned over
the situation as it is developed to-day,
because It indicates an Intolerable condi
tion of affairs In Turkey. He recalls the
fact that only recently. a Russian Consul
was murdered in Turkey.
The European squadron Is so situated
that it will require several days for it to
rendezvous at Beirut. Meantime the offi
cials of the State Department will be fully
advised by Minister Leishman of the de
tails of the crime and the President will
then be in a position to present to Turkey
the demands of the United States with a
naval force on the ¦ spot of sufficient
strength to enforce them adequately.
A demand that officials of the United
States be afforded protection for their
lives and property will be made; and the
Turkish Government will d« held respon
sible for the assassination of the Vice
Consul, whatever may be the circum
stances.
3
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
HERPICIDE'S MISSION.
It Takes Away the Dread of Birth-
days.
Nothing Is more antioyinp to men and
women of middle age than to see those
unmistakable signs of age — thin hair and
prayness — approaching. But science has
discovered th«t these conditions are no
longer "tinmiFtakable" evidences of old
ii^e. for the dandruff germ theory proves
thflt even very young people may suffer
hair loss, while those fortunate enough
t<» of cape the ravages of the scalp germ
retain thrir abundant locks to a ripe old
ajrp. Nrwbro"s Herpiclde kills the dan-
druff germ and removes the risk of ap-
jimrlng old before your time. Save your
hair and your feelings by using: the
genuine Herpicide. Sold by leading drug-
gifcts. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tha Kind You Haja Always Bought
Bears the >^ /^^.':
Signature cf *-*uZi^}^ J*C&C&fufi*
With Schilling's Best, there
is no temptation to be dis-
honest. •
Your grocer's; money back
The Suits We Sell
Many otherwise wise men waste money in buying their clothes. They
H fefli&Ns go to high-priced stores and pay well for the privilege. It's their business,
M^Mm&m' WW$m¥> of and it is all right it they can afford it. But nine out of ten men
Pfeftfe should save all that is possible when buying their suits. -M
~ i^^^^» m0w *a In our stor^ y° u get fu11 and fa £ value r
M^m0^M /M^mS %>. ever V d0llar spent-tne value lies in the material,
jM^^^M^MMMy Vtei&ZiWtt IM}«. _ workmanship and style of the garments. The value
— fH£^m — zS^fw '" is tnere because you buy direct from the makers
JBUS^BbS^^' ;^^^Hffi««fl®^JL and tne middleman's usual profit goes into the
quality of the clothes. Here you get better value
Miililill S §!i^4^^^^^S I^ for tne same mone y or the sams value for less
" ' j^^^p^^-'-. •' 'M^SfHW^^ money than you do elsewhere, because other
" IBIS* dealers don't make all their own stock.
mmS0M^ life! At $2.25 we have a special sale of striped worsted pants in a number of
swell patterns. ¦ ' u
At $9.00 we have sack suits in blue serge, black, thibet and mixed chev-
iots and tweeds. We find similar suits priced at $12.50 around town.
4HmH^p^J^^oS At $10.00 we are showing the latest -fall overcoat called the "Tourist."
J<^ has a removable back strap, is made in loose effect from an all woolen
'WS^^^^^^---- cheviot, extreme length, broad shoulders, neat dark fall patterns.
" Some Unusual Values in Boys'
" ) Suits and Overcoats
ilpiilP hardest on clothes of any youngster she ever
w^pS ilP£pSf h saw - To clothe him at a small cost is a constant iipilp|*@^
: Wb%00i w!i$&%$ ////// S t ud y- means watching for values. We can s
WI0Z0 WW& I T lie! P y° u clotne y° ur b °y anc * save vou m oney. KI^^^S^^
l|£§?i Wffi$M '' ffl e mal<e t^ e garments— you buy direct and
§&$0il ' 'isiiPff- H'l At $5.d0- we are displaying the latest ideas : :^^^
ffeK§/ Ifeilllf I ! m f Q l' overcoats of Scotch mixtures for boys
i ' ptSSIv ' iKite ' ' * rom 4 to 8 years. These are very swell coats
r BlPf ' ' 'iilpt / ' At $3.35 we shall sell on Friday and Satur-
\\Wn$fii ''' ffelpiV i : from 4 to 14 years; the regular value is $5.00.
" mMM. ' '^If^^^' ' At $2.95 for two days we will sell some Jpl^SJ^^^^^
l^w sailors for boys from 3 to 12 years; they come M-?|fflK^m¥0
*£W^^ . s$&§3^ in cadet and navy blue; rows of black, red and fe@jKS|^S^?^f=
- **?***>• r^^^^^s^ white braid; such suits are usually $5.00.
'At 35c a special two-day sale of knee pants in. navy blue and mixtures; ages 3 to
16 years; regular 75c 'and $1.00 pants.
"Mothers' Friend" shirt-waists, in new fall styles, light and medium colors, 50c. I^^^^S^
"Mothers' : Friend" blouse- waists, to be ..worn with white collars, ages 6 to 11,
years, 50c. . v . ! V ..V'.'y; / llflMilfli^
Boys' sweaters, in ~ solid colors^anid combination stiipes, 75c to $2.00. lpf«f
MAIL ORDERS FILLED Q.\l \kJ()O fl V fi\ I 1L
For men's or boys' Clothing, furnish- \J I j^""!*? Qfi I %J iM
mgs or hats— write for 64-page illus- *"'¦' fSi^ &*****!> '**?*«***.
trated catalogue. r y 740 Market Street SS&ACTOR AND SAN JOSE GIRL
WHOSE MUTUAL AFFECTION
IS DISCLOSED.
S. P.artrldge, r who so ably presided over
the last" Republican. Municipal Conven
tion/. i& a eandidate far the honor. Heis
agreeable to the leaders and may be
chosen: \ '>.¦¦_;
Joseph E.* Barry "Is in the race forthe
nomination of .City- and County -Attorney.
Judges Joachlmsen, Charles. Low and G.
tV." F." Cook "want nominations as Police
Judges. '
wres. He wanted me to go East with
him, and said he would get me on the
stage. Two of my sisters were actresses,
you know. I. had a letter from Hastings
after he went to San Francisco, but. have
net heard from him since he went to
New York. Yes, Hastings loved me. and
I. returned the. affection. : No, I shall not
go to him."
Miss Chapman would not say she was
engaged to Hastings.
Ernest Hastings played a month's en-
Easement at the Garden Theater here
this spring. About the time he came here
from San Francisco Miss Chapman also
arrived, and the two were much to
gether. -¦ p, :
the court of the alleged illegal .transac
tion. • The deputy constable . was then
sworn and gave testimony as above
stated. . r .-:¦'¦¦¦ i . ¦
CAN GET NO JUSTICE.
Justice Pitcher thereupon dismissed all
of the would-be jurymen and assigned the
case ta San Mateo Township for trial.
"We can get no justice here," he stated.
"This thing has happened before, and I
wash my hands of the whole matter. I
shall consult the District Attorney of the
county with a view to bringing impeach
ment proceedings against the accused
constable and shall endeavor to have him
removed from office should the charges
be proved true."
The charge ia made that Vallejo has
been in the habit of protecting friends of
the Supervisor who is the political boss in
this section, notwithstanding : the senti
ment against him. A few weeks ago John
J. Higglns, a supporter of the Supervisor,
assaulted John Keough while the latter
was seated in a chair. Although the de
fendant admitted his guilt, the jury re
turned a verdict of "not guilty," which
greatly displeased Justice Pitcher in the
face of the evidence, but which was al
lowed to stand, as .the Judge considered
that Vallejo would again summons the
same character of men.
Many other charges are likely to be
brought against .certain officials. It Is
said that for years principals and teach
ers in - schools have been - paying . money
that tjiey might retain their positions, and
this. may be investigated when the time
comes. The hearing to-morrow in San
Mateo will be of a nature to remove the
constable 'and to ascertain the guilt of
Smith in the battery case. A number of
representative citizens as well as wit
nesses will be on hand when the " court
convenes, and the proceedings promise to
be lively.
That there will be merry times in the
Democratic municipal convention next
month is a certainty. At this early day
the forces are lining up for a battle royal
and unless compromises are made the
Bourbons will liven things up so that the
convention will be not unlike those held
In the. good old days of .Democracy. The
janitor of the building in which. the dele
gates will meet has been warned of what
might happen and he intends to anchor
all the chairs to the floor and do away
with cuspidors.
McNab's forces are in the majority, but
the combination, of the_HorsjB and Carts.
Eddie Graney's aggregations, Mahoney's
bunch and the Morgue Club, will be auf •
MEEBY TIMES COMING.
The Registrar holds: "Any name writ
ten upon a ballot shall be counted for the
office under which it Is written,, provided
It is written in the 'blank column.'
"If a voter marks more names than
there are persons to be elected to an of
fice (as, for instance, a ballot whereon
nineteen or more Supervisors, or three or
more Police Judges, have been voted for),
or if for any reason It is impossible to
determine the voter's choice for any "of
fice to be filled, his ballot shall not be
counted for such office, but the balance of
the ticket should be counted.
"If a voter stamps in the circle at the
head of one' of the party columns and
also stamps in the voting square after
the name of any candidate in the same
or any other column, or writes the. name
of a person for such office in the blank
column, such act does not invalidate his
ballot, but his vote must be counted for
the candidate opposite whose name the
cross is made, or for the person whose
name is so written in the blank column,
and as to the other officers the ballot
must be counted as a straight party vote
for the candidates for the office under the
circle stamped."
The new style of ballot was adopted at
the last session of the Legislature. The
politicians of the two leading parties rec
ommended it. The first practical test of
its workings in San Francisco will be
made at the municipal ejection on Tues
day", November 3.
In regard to a candidate whose name
appears twice on the ballot, the Regis
trar rules: "If the name of the same
person Is printed more than once on a
ballot, as a candidate for the same office,
the placing ota cross opposite such name
in more than one of the different places,
where It is so printed, must not be re
garded as a distinguishing mark on the
ballot, and must be counted only* as one
vote for euch person."
AS TO WRITTEN NAMES.
the chances of error, should place the
cross opposite the name of every candi
date that he votes for. Surely the utmost
care should be taken in voting for Super
visors, provided the voter has made up
his mind to vote for some nominees of the
party to which he does not belong. If
the voter Etamps for one Supervisor he
should stamp for every other Supervisor
that he desires to vote for.
It is* obvious that the greatest danger
of confusion will arise in the voting for
Supervisors. The Registrar's exhibit No.
S in the pamphlet of special instructions
Knows a cross within the circle at the
head of the Republican column and also
a cross opposite the names of nine Super
visors in the Democratic column. The
Registrar rules that the ballot shall be
thus counted: "The voter having placed
a cross In his party circle and also nine
crosses in another party column for Su
pervisors, and having failed to place
crosses opposite the Supervisors In his
party .^column. It is Impossible to ascer
tain which nine Supervisors he intended
to vote for in his party column, if any;
therefore, in canvaesing this ballot it
must be counted, as, to Supervisors, in
favor of those opposite whose names he
etamps a cross and no others. The same
applies to Police Judges."
The ballots illustrated In The Call to
day are reproduced to show the style of
the new form. As one studies, the law
and the ballot the impression grows
Stronger that the voter, in order to lessen
DANGEB OF CONFUSION.
the average voter, in order to
avoid mistakes, must give close attention
to the Instructions of the Registrar. There
is plain Bailing so long as the elector
restricts his choice to the nominees of
his own party, but when he elects to
vote for a Supervisor or Police Judge in
the column of another party the danger
of confusion begins. Registrar Walsh has
issued special instructions to election offi
cers. He has given thirteen examples to
show the manner in which the ordinary
ballot may be voted and how it shall be
counted. Ballo^ No. 1 in the Registrar's
ltst shows a cross inside the circle at
the head of the Republican ticket. There
Is no other mark in the ballot, and there
fore every candidate in the Republican
column is voted for. Ballot No. 2 of the
Registrar's exhibit shows a similar cross
inside the circle at the head of the Demo
cratic ticket, and this signifies that every
Democratic candidate in the column is
voted for. Example No. 3 shows a cross
ia ; the circle at the top and a cross op
posite every name in the column. This
alto is a straight ballot.
Exhibit No. 5 of the Registrar's special
instructions show a cro^s within the cir
cle at the top of the Reaublican ballot
and a. cross opposite the names of all
the candidates but two. The Registrar
holds that this must be counted as a
straight ballot, adding this note:
"Note— Special attention is called to bal
lot No. .5. You will note that the voter
has failed to place a cross opposite two
candidates in his party column, and no
stamp appearing in any other column he
nevertheless has placed a cross in the
circle at the head of his party column;
therefore it roust be considered that he
intended lo vote a straight party ticket,
and it must be counted as such."
THE new ballot law of California,
approved March 14 t 1»3, may be
very clear to the members of the
Legislature who framed it, but
There seems" to be a feeling In Repub
lican circles that it .would be a mistake
to nominate a member of the organiza
tion committee of the United League Club
for chairman of 1 the coming : municipal
convention. Henry Ach has been named
and one or two districts favor Ach's elec
tion .to the. position of honor. ; An effort
is being made to pull Ach down and al
low some outsider to get the plum. John
It is thought the Bourbons will be "dis
appointed, as the Labor party delegates
favor the nomination of a straight ticket.
The convention will probably be held the
latter part of next week..
j If McNab attempts to throw Byington
down and name Supervisor Brandenstein,
who i.s said to be looking for the nomina
tion, there will be a hot fight on the floor
of the convention. Byington Is promised
support from all Bides, and he will get it
if it comes to an open light. '
At present there -are five candidates in
the field for nomination as Police Judges.
Judges Slogan and Cabanlss seem to have
a lead in the fight and it is probable they
will be nominated. Charlie ; Weller, who
is a close friend of McNab, counts on one
of the places. Archie Campbell, the popu
lar young attorney, has been given assur
ances that if he can show that he will
win at the coming electio^ he will be
considered.' Edward F. Shottall, a promi
nent member of the Olympic and South
End Rowing clubs; is also in the field and
has hopes.
All candidates on the Democratic ticket
look with ponging eyes toward; the : Union
Labor party convention'. They all hope
that the Labor party will indorse the
nominees of the Democratic convention
and thus aid them to defeat the Repub
lican nominees.
HOT FIGHT EXPECTED.
It is almost a certainty that Lewis F.
Byington will secure the nomination for
District Attorney. McNab would rather
give up another office to the opposition
than let Byington have the nomination.
Although the present District Attorney
has not taken an active part in the
Democratic squabbles, he is in sympathy
with the Horse and' Cart movement.
ficlent to make things lively for Gavin.
The first fight will be over the selection
of a chairman of the convention. McNab
favors Thomas W. Hickey, the boy ora
tor from the Mission, who stumped the
State for 'Lane. The Horse and Carts do
not look upon Hickey with favor,' as he
is too good a programmer to suit them.
They say they want just a~ little chance
In the proceedings and do not care to be
ignored when certain important commit
tees are named. There is some talk of the
Horse and Carts putting up Joseph. E.
O'Donnell for chairman. There may be
other candidates, but they 'have not
loomed up on the political horizon as yet.
The side that gets the chairman will have
the "works," as one Bourbon puts it.
The "works" in this instance will be the
appointing of numerous committees and
the recognition of friendly delegates dur
ing the heat of discussion. Then again
the chairman is entitled to rule with his
side, which is an important factor in the
great" game of politics.
1 NEW BALLOT ADOPTED BY LAST LEGISLATURE WHICH -WILL BE USED IN THIS CITY AT THE COMING
MUNICIPAL ELECTION AND WHICH HAS BEEN ISSUED BY THE REGISTRAR OF VOTERS FOR THE
PURPOSE OF INSTRUCTING CITIZENS. ' .
FRIENDS of Ernest Has
tings, the actor, were
startled by the report that
he' had gone insane in
New York and was raving
Wednesday night over the
fancied imprisonment in a par
lor car of the girl whom he
madly loved and • whom he
called "Madge Cummings."
Last evening Hastings was at
the Lambs' Club, calm and se
rene. Associates there say it
was nothing, more serious than
indiscreet indulgence in drink.
Miss Madge Chapman of San
Jose says she hopes she is the
girl about whom Hastings
raved."
Last Tuesday the case was called.
Nearly all of. the two venires were present
and Attorney James O'Keefe of Redwood
City, who conducted the prosecution, told
When Vallejo returned from his work on
the evening that Gianocca summoned the
jury he asked, the deputy to permit him
to scan the list. According to the testi
mony given by the deputy in '. court the
constable is said to have been enraged at
the personnel of the venire. "We don't
want these men." he said, "they will con
vict Smith, and we want him to be ac
quitted. I would rather give $20 than to
see this man punished." Vallejo then de
manded the. list from Gianocca and said
he would subi>ena another | venire. ' : Gia
nocca denounced the transaction as In
famous and, tossing his star to hla su
perior," tendered his resignation.
"Yes, I know Mr. Hastings," said Miss
Chapman. "He was a dear friend of
mine. I've heard about him being In
sane, but that was caused by financial
and theatrical troubles. He was a great
friend of my father and In that way I
met him. The Belascos had promised to
furnish him money to go East on, but
finally backed out. He had trouble, and
that Is what bothered him. The last
time I saw him he was perfectly -sane
and in good spirits." ...
She would not admit in the presence of
others that she. was the girl whom Hast
ings had been hunting In the railroad
yards, and whom the actor declared they
were killing. As the reporter turned to
leave she followed him to the door, and
outside said: . V •
"1 do hope it is me dear Earnest ia
raving over, I am sure it is. We were
lovers. I love him and hope he will be
all right. We were much together, had
rides, dinners and all such little pleas-
gar, farmer; M. Costa, farmer, and Joe
Rue, blacksmith.
While Gianocca was securing a jury
Constable Fred Vallejo was busy feed
ing at the public trough. He holds three
positions, for which the county pays him
salary; and he is working as a laborer,
building a county bridge. Vallejo has re
ceived favors at the hands of Debenedetti
and is regarded as one of the latter'a
strongest henchmen. He was appointed
a school trustee, then constable, and one
month ago the Supervisor caused him to
be appointed inspector of a cement bridge
which was i being built in the neighbor
hood of Halfmoon Bay.
The bridge is being built by contractors,
and very soon after Vallejo took his posi
tion as inspector at $2 50 per day he ac
cepted a job from the contractors and is
being paid a similar amount. This queer
condition of affairs in which a man can
do duty by the county as a critic on a
piece of work which he himself Is per
forming puzzles the taxpayers who are
putting up his salaries.
When Interviewed to-night she was
busy telling a gentleman's fortune with
cards. About the room was half a dozen
pictures of Hastings. Miss Chapman is
tho daughter of W. Larige Chapman^ a
former resident of Portland, Or. At pres
ent she resides with her grandmother,
Mrs. S. E. Floed.
Friends of Hastings say that the report
of last night's ravings was greatly exag
gerated. .They say there was no touch
of insanity and that his erratic conduct
was due to overindulgence in drink.
Peter Daley, actor, a San Franciscan,
well acquainted with Hastings, said to
night:
"If he is crazy he certainly knows how
to conceal it. He was in here to-night
(Lambs' Club) and was the sanest crazy
man I ever talked with. There was noth
ing whatever unusual in his condition,
mentally or physically."
SAN JOSE, Aug. 27.— Miss Madge Chap
man, who admits she is the cause of the
hallucinations of Ernest Hastings in New
York, is residing with her grandmother
at 145 North Fifth street. She Is a stately
and stylish blonde and would attract at
tention anywhere; in fact, she is one of
the prettiest girls in San Jose.
Francisco, was the idol of the
matinee girls, was at the Lambs' Club
early this evening apparently as well as
ever and in his right mind. Whatever
hallucinations he may have had last night
of the imprisonment of the girl he loved,
"Madge Cummings," In a parlor car, had
disappeared and he seemed distinctly a
man without delusions.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Ernest Has
tings, the actor, who, during a
long theatrical engagement at
the Alcazar < Theater in San
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Miss Madge Chapman
Says She Reciprocates
His Affection.
AfUr his trip later to the springs he re
turned to the city and I never saw him In bet
ter health and spirits. He -was then mentally
found and Jubilantly told me of his going to
play the leading part in a New YorJ< . produc
tion. That was only ten days Sto. H»
showed no sign of despondency and was full
of hope and Rood-nature. He never told me of
his acquaintance with Miss Chapman: In fact,
I never before heard of her. Again I say. and
In the most emphatic manner, that I do not
believe Hastings ia Insane.
Speaking of the report of Hastings'
mental collapse, Frederick Belasco said
last night:
I was simply dumfounded when I heard
that Hastings had become Insane, and. indeed.
1 do not believe the report. He terminated
his engagement with me about the aiddle of
May last • ¦ *
Before leaving San Francisco Hastings
took full advantage of his vacation and
did the rounds of the town most thor
oughly and not as discreetly as hia
friends would have wished.
It was known to his intimate acquaint
ances that he was enamored of Miss
Madge Chapman, a handsome young
woman of San Jose. He was exceedingly
proud of the young lady's talents and
often spoke of her attainments as an
artist and a musician. .
ber his lines, a defect so serious
as to cause a rupture in the professional
relations which existed between the man
agement and himself. It Is only a few
months ago that Hastings* sudden retire
ment from the Alcazar caused Intense
surprise and at the time it was stated
that It was due to his Inability to com
mit to memory the part allotted to him.
After reveral weeks' absence from the
theater Hastings resumed his post as
leading man of the Alcazar and continued
In that position until White "Whlttlesey's
starring season opened.
Hastings then went to San Jose, -where
he played an engagement of sererti week*
at the Garden Theater. He then decided
to take a rest and went to Napa Sodfw
Springs. He remained there fo.r ,two
months and returned to San Francisco
prior to leaving for New York, where he
was to play the leading part In "Our New
Minister."
•-i—^ RNEST HASTINGS on several
j j occasions while a member of tlvs
| ~\ Alcazar Theater stock companjr
¦ * <*4 proved his Inability to remem-
Belasco Says the Actor
Left for the East
Full of Hope.
Thespian Appears at the
Lamb's Club in His
Right Mind.
San Francisco Acquaint*
ances Do Not Credit
the Report.
On August 11 Miguil procured a war
rant for the arrest of. Smith from Justice
Pitcher. A' jury trial, was demanded and
Deputy Constable Peter A v Gianocca was
ordered to summon . a jury." Gianocca
started: out -and selected a venire from
among the b«st citizens of the district.
The men selected'. to appear before the
court were: I Martin Albert, j farmer; M.
Y. Nunes, farmer; John Lopes, farmer;
Joe Matus, farmer; F. Bruno, farmer;
Antone Garcia, farmer; Louis Cunha,
farmer; P. P. Quinlan, blacksmith; John
Campbell, retired farmer; E. Schubert,
retired brewer; Thomas Johnson, clerk;
A. Gilcrist, hotelkeeper; Joe Fernandes,
farmer; Joe Terry, farmer; Antone
Joseph,, bartender; .L. .Bernard, farmer;
James Woods, retired farmer; Joe Mc-
Carty, merchant: ' Antone Bello, farmer;
D. Lynch, deputy assessor;' William Metz-
WARRANT FOR SMITH.
In some manner which has yet to be
explained the board of directors, with the
exception of j Smith, was composed of
residents of San Francisco, and Immedi
ately a roar of dissension started in the
harbor territory and many of the prin
cipal subscribers announced their inten
tion of withdrawing their names from the
list, especially when it was learned that
Smith was' to be awarded 11,000 shares of
stock for his services in bringing about
the Incorporation.
The wave of dissent apparently did not
worry the directors except that they re
considered their decision to' award Smith
the stock. The latter la particularly
friendly to Debenedetti and the move was
supposed to be one that would result in
throwing the control of the company into
the "hands of the Supervisor. Threats
were- then made to sue the subscribers for
the amounts they had set opposite their
.names and this affair is yet unsettled.-
While the company was in its incip
iency some tHsagreement arose' between
Smith and Miguil. The conversation was
regarding, the attitude of the Supervisor
and Smith is said to have told Miguil
that ho could "swing Debenedetti around
his little finger" and handle him as he
liked. This remark Migrull repeated to
the Supervisor, ' and Smith, when ques
tioned about It, • denounced Miguil as a
liar. Debenedetti then schemed to bring
the two men together. On August 9 he
called Miguil into his store, which was
apparently without any other occupant.
After a casual conversation the visitor,
in answer to a auestion, repeated what
he said Smith had told him. • Smith then
came from his place of concealment and
after a few words beat his accuser se
verely.
SUBSCRIBEBS DISSATISFIED,
Accordingly G: Sidney Smith, son of Dr.
Smith, was.-"chosen to" advance : the In
terests of .the company and to solicit sub
scriptions.' The number of shares was
limited to 25,000,' at a par value of $L -
Nearly every, business man in the Half-
Moon' Bay 'district placeq his name on
the list and some ' agreed" to take 100Q
shares of stock. This was before the
Incorporation of the company, which
matter was left to Miguil and Smith.
About three weeks ago the business was
fixed ud in San Francisco.
The recent trouble arose out of an as
sault made by G. Sidney Smith upon Jo
seph Miguil, a rancher. The difficulty
grew out of an effort to incorporate a
company for ' the 'purpose of building a
wharf in the harbor. The farmers have
frequently 'complained of the tyranny of
the present company doing business in
the little port and concluded to establish
a means of exportation on their own ac
count. Joseph Miguil was a leader in the
scheme. Supervisor Joseph Debenedetti,
who holds sway in the district by reason
of his position, is said to have sought an
important place in the company, but,
many of the citizens expressed their dis
favor of the man and said they would
refuse to become a party to any transac
tion, in which" he figured as an important
factor.
DEBENEDETTI HOLDS SWAY.
In the San Mateo "Township the case
of thft People. vs. G. Sidney Smith will
come up to-morrow morning before Jus
tice W.O. Boothe. Justice John Pitcher
of the Half Moon Bay Township ordered
the transfer of tho case from his court
and sensations may develop. A Consta
ble will be accused of having favored the
defendant to such an extent that he al
tered a venire of jurors already drawn,
and stated as a reason for so doing that
he. desired men who would vote for ac
quittal. t A deputy Constable, who pro
tested against so apparently a flagrant
violation of the law, has tendered his res
ignation, and impeachment proceedings
against the Consf.ab.ie will be brought.
Justice Pitcher, Iii ridding himself of
the case, stated in open court that he has
been handicapped continually by "fixed"
Juries and that, it has become utterly im
possible to convict the guilty, though
they admit their guilt, when certain pol
iticians reach out to save them.
HALF MOON BAY, Aug. 27.— Scandal
of a far-reaching order has cast a
Bhadow over the Half Moon Bay district,
In San Mateo County. The little section
has been pronounced a "rotten borough";
the judiciary expresses inability to dis
pense Justice and has turned Its affairs
over to another township. A gigantic
political influence is held responsible fbr
the diswrought condition. The ' hands of
one man seem to clasp the reins of power
In such a manner as to bring dismay to
leading citizens regardless of their pro
test that the mandates of law be ob
served.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Supervisor Debenedetti * of
San Mateo Said to Be
Involved.
Serious Charges to Be
Brought Against a
Constable.
Democrats Are Lining Up to Wage a Fierce Battle Over the Chairmanship
of the Coming Convention and the Factions Are Divided on a Choice.
McNab Favors T. W. Hickey and Horse and. Carts Like J. E, O'Donnell
SENSATION
ARISES IN
SMITH CASE
NEW STYLE OF BALLOT TO BE USED
AT THE NEXT MUNICIPAL ELECTION
ERNEST HASTINGS, MATINEE IDOL, SOON RECOVERS
FROM HALLUCINATION OF HIS LOVE IN DURANCE VILE
AND FRIENDS DENY RAVING WAS DUE TO INSANITY
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY AUGUST 28, 1903.
4
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. •
¦ *•» ¦
•K^BBBeatl^BBaM
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TUB
WEST. 24 Post St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for illustrated catalogue (free).
* POLYTECHNIC
/V * Business College and
#».'- Ecbocl of Engtnesr-
<QO2^«Vs^ - i D g. Oakland. Cal.
J??V^jnhl?^l!ai Lare»st and best
rSfSiS'^UlSSSiS equipped »chool of
JpS^nlTd « 5fEs53 business shorthan 1
'¦"EEl? "^JitS ¦ a s. otaat 1«l I »nd engineering w«at
Sr-LaTBfiU a fVw'Zri of Chicago. Perfect
'^yiS&w^ yx\ir£: 9 \ a z
page catalogue. - •
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE*
Opens August 19. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading college*. Ft>r catalogue ad-
dress MARY B. WEST. Principal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOP BOT3, Menlo Park. California. Prepare*
lor any university or f«r business, .•end for
Illustrated catalogue. IKA O. HOITT. PJ^.D-.
Principal. Fall term opens Angust 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL.,
FOB BOT9. HELMONT, CAU.
Opens for new pupil* August 10; for former
pupils August 12. Catalogue and book of views
on application.
W. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAN XA3PAE1., CAX.
' Separate butldlnf for little boys. Xmas term
will begin on Augcst 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERAL.TA PARK BERKELEY. .
Boarding and day school for boys under IS years
otage: Studies commence MONDAY. August 3L
1903. Bead for prospeews to Bra. Genebrka.Evelyn P. Trayer Is suing Dr. Edmund
J. Trayer. a dentist, with office at 703 Val
lejo street, for divorce on the ground of
cruelty. She says that ever since their
marriage In March. 1902, he has cursed
and abused her. She says he has a lucra
tive practice and can well afford to pay
her $50 a month alimony, the amount she
Henry E. Baker, proprietor of the An
sonia apartments and several other lodg
ing-houses in various parts of town, is
the defendant in a suit for divorce com
menced yesterday by" Laura E. Baker.
He is charged with infidelity and .Georgle
Detwiler is named as co-respondent. Im
mediately upon the filing of the complaint
Judge Kerrigan issued an order restrain
ing Baker from disposing of his interests
in the lodging-houses, which are valued
at $16,000. His wife claims that he has
threatened to do so. The Bakers were
married at Atlanta. Ga., in 1S93.
Wife of Proprietor of
Ansonia House Sues
for Divorce.
CLAIMS BAKER
IS TOO FICKLE
It was admitted by Collins that should
the cases be carried to the United States
Supreme Court, as is the intention of his
clients, a decision | will not be reached
within at least four years. In view of
such a possibility It is easy to imagine
the opportunity that would be afforded
the cunning gamblers of Chinatown to
carry on their games unmolested by the
authorities, and it is strongly suspected
that in bringing the proposed suits this
scheme Is uppermost in their minds.
Collins will try to show that the or
dinances are applied exclusively to the
Chinese contrary to the laws of the coun
try and In violation of certain provisions
of the treaty between this country and
the Chinese Empire.
In regard to the possibility of a suspen
sion of the gambling ordinances of the
city during the progress of the case in
the various courts, a move which It Is ap
parent that the Chinese are endeavoring
to make effective at any cost and one
which will no doubt attract much public
attention, should the lower courts see fit
to sustain it. Attorney Collins says that
he had obtained his authority from the
previous rulings of the State courts In the
case of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany against the city and county of San
Francisco, reported In 82 California, an
action brought some years ago to annul
an ordinance relative to the fixing of
water rates. ;i *i^.- :
successful, would' mean a wide open
Chinatown for several years to come.
asks the court to award her. She also
prays for a judgment awarding her their
household furnjture at 2914 Larkin street
and asks for an order preventing Theo
Trayer, her father-in-law, from Interfer
ing with her in the possession of it pend
ing the divorce proceedings. (»)
Suits for divorce were also filed ! by
Charles R. Klrchener against Dorothea
Kirchener for infidelity, and Ida Abbey
against William Abbey for infidelity. Mrs.
Abbey claims that her husband has $11,
000 cash that is community property.
Judge Kerrigan granted Daisy Esther
Williams a divorce frorn^ William J. Wil
liams, a commission merchant. H«
treated her cruelly. Mrs. Williams, who
is a very pretty woman, cried during all
the time that she was on the witness
stand. Between her tears she told the
court that she had become a nervous
wreck because her husband was con
stantly accusing her of being a flirt and
with having a hankering after the society
of other men than himself.
Investigating "Water Supply.
Commissioner of Public Works Manson
and City Engineer Grunsky left Wednes
day afternoon for Santa Clara County
for the purpose of investigating the offer
of the Bay Cities Water Company to fur
nish a supply of water to the inhabitants
of this city. Manson und Grunsky expect
to be occupied for a week Inspecting ths
watersheds and reservoir sites the com
pany claims It owns.
RAISIX PACKER SEEKS WAGES.— Char!e»
Downing sued the California Raisin Growers'
Association yesterday for $2104 due him. h*
alleges, for service* rendered la securing th»
packing and shipment of fruit.
Mignola saw Schref about two blocks
away and when he went after him Schref
ran and disappeared. Later Schref was
found at his residence by Mlgnola and
Policeman Clancy. When asked why he
had fired the shot at Cavanaugh he said
he was drunk and did not know what he
was doing. Schref was \ arrested on a
charge of assault to murder. 'The - case
was called in Police Judge Cabanlss*.
court yesterday and was continued .till
September L
While Policeman J. Mlgnola was j>a
troling his beat on San Bruno avenue,
near Army street, about 2 o'clock yester
day morning he heard the report of a
shot, and, running in the direction of the
sound, he met George Cavanaugh, driver
of a milk wagon, who lives at Twenty
fifth and York streets. Cavanaugh toM
the officer that Gus 'Schref, a teamster
Diving at 42 Winslow street, had nred a
shot at him. -
Gus Schref Blames Liquor for 'Being
Charged With Assault
to Murder.
TEAMSTER TAKES A SHOT
AT MILK WAGON "DBIVEB
i ORGANIZED MAY. 1900.
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE ' OF COUN
TERFEITS! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have Initials "li. G. Co." on faces and
I monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Benefloencla Pubiica Co., Thursday.
August 27. 1903: No. 20243 wins $7500, sold
In Portland. Or.; No. 23077 wins $2500. sold in
San Francisco, Cal.: No. 65809 wine $1250. sold
%i Los Angeles. Cal.: No«. 35.VW. 76314, 55947,
24327 and O>774 each wins $125, fold In San
Francisco. Cal.. and Point Richmond, Cal.
This company paid to Michael Lawrence,
Fourth and B sts.. San Rafael, $3750 for one
half ticket No. 4C003. drawing July 23, 1903.
and to W. B. Corbaley. Ignuclo. Cal.. $1250
for one-half ticket No. 49353, same date.
All prizes of this company are paid In full
immediately on presentation at the office of the
company In San Francinco.
» $10,000 reward will be paid to any person who
hss ever presented one of our prizes at our
office and was refused payment. •,
The Beneficencia Company of San
Francisco.
The point raisefl is a novel one in liti
gation of this character and forms the
basis of a legal question which will be
carried to the United States Supreme
Court. The suits will be directed against
about twelve of the city's ordinances and
will include a scheme to make all the,
gambling j ordinances inoperative pending
the progress of the litigation, which. If
The Chinese gamblers are planning an
other attack on the city ordinances which
prohibit the conducting of their games in
the Mongolian quarter. They have en
gaged George D. Collins as their attorney,
to file a number of suits to-day, In which
Jt will pe set forth that the ordinances
regulating gambling are discriminating
against the Chinese and that In view of
this alleged fact they are a violation of
the treaty between the United States and
the Chinese Empire.
The following capital prises were paid by the
above M. & F. Company for the July 23. 1003,
drawing: Charles G. Hester (switchman S. P.
Co.. West Oakland yard?), residing at 821 Mar
ket utreet. Oakland, Cal., $3750; John Lucl
(employed at restaurant, 18 Folsom street)
r«u5idina: at 1033 Powell Mreet, San Franci*co,
Cal.. $1250; John O. McGowan, 753A Harrison
Mreet. San Francisco. Cal.. 4625; Mrs. J. J.
Atvares. 75 Jackson street. Han Francisco, Cal.
$625. •
The following we the capital prizes as de
cided by the Beneflcencia Pubiica Company of
the «7lty of Mexico, drawing August 2T, 1903:
No. 20243 wins $7500; sold in San Francisco,
Cal. No. 230T7 wins $2500; sold In fc'an Fran
cisco. Cal. No. 65806 wins $1250; sold in 8an
Francisco. CaJ. Nos. 24327. 35538. 55347, 66774
and 76314 each wins $125; told in San Fran
cisco, Cal.
Each coupon will bear the initials In large
colored letters SI. & F. on the face of the
ticket.
Owing: to the fact that numerous schemes
¦re placed before the public from time to time
*e would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to buy enly from respon
sible ayenU and to see that their tickets read
a« follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEKICENCIA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. ORGANIZED SEP
TEMBER. 1««.
The Original Little Bcneficencia Pub
lica Company of San Francisco.
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL N'OTICi; TO THE PL'BLJC
Gamblers Are Planning
to Throw Chinatown
Wide Open.
here.
Frank and his newly found parents left
he next morning for New York-
overcome with joy.
OTbea Superintendent Lewis asked the
boy if he was picased with the sudden
pood fortune that had come upon him he
. xclaimed in enthusiastic tones: "You
hrt you're life I an."
The stepfather. Howard, turning to the
».oy. said: "Well, Frank, be a good boy
t.vA you' shall have everything you want.
i will give you a fin» education and will
wnd you to college If you want to go
When little Frar.k G. Gould Jr. went
cut at daybreak on Tuesday morning to
work with the c-her wards of the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society in the fields at
Sebastopol, he little dreamed that before
nightfall hi* whole couree in life would
be changed. He little thought that his
curly head would be pillowed on his lov
fng mother's breast— the mother that had
for long and weary years waited and
> earned to grasp her darling boy in her
arms.
Ha did not think that the shabby
clothes of the working boy would be ex
changed for the garb of a millionaire's
son. but whatever he thought, from the
potr little homeless outcast he suddenly
found himself transformed into a for
tunate) boy eurrounded with everything
that home, luxury and wealth could give
him.
Several yeare ago the father of this
toy, FrarlVc G. Gould, was sentenced to a
term of Imprisonment for embezzlement.
During his confinement his wife obtained
a divorce and went East. Thc father had
in the meantime carefully secreted the
child. The mother searched for him, but
Without success.
A few years ago she married R. S.
iJoward, a wealthy piano manufacturer
of New York. The eearch for the lost
boy was a^ain renewed^. A short time
Fine* Mr. and Mrs. Howard came to Cali
fornia and the whereabouts of little
Frank, now a boy of 12 years of age, was
finally located. It was ascertained that
be had been placed by his father in the
Hoys' and Girls' Aid Society on May 17
Of "this year, and that thc boy had been
K at to Sebastopol with the regular colony
ol boys that the society sends out every
summer.
On Monday an order was obtained from
the boy's father requesting Herbert W.
Lewtai the superintendent of the society,
to lura the boy over to Howard. On Tues.
d»7 morning Howard with a detective
¦vent to Scbastopol and the same night re
tmned to thc home of the Boys' and
<'*r'.8* Aid Society, where Mrs. Howard
nay waiting to receive her son. She was
Little Frank G. Gould Jr.
Is Restored to His
Loving Mother.
LATEST SCHEME
OF MONGOLIANS
S. C. Hammond of the Hoffman Stable
Company, 615 Ellis street, secured two
warrants from Police Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of T. Colcman, fore
man and collector for the company, on
chargres of misdemeanor embezzlement.
It is alleged that Coleman has been col
lecting accounts and spending the money.
"Wanted for Embezzlement.
Fifth Division — Division marshal and aids:
band; Engineers' Union No. 64; Engineers'
Union No. 50; .Riggers and Stevedores No. 222:
Lumber Clerks; Longshore Lumbermen No. 224.
Sixth Division— Division marshal and aids;
band: Building Material Team Drivers; Ilorse-
Bhoers; Laborers' Protective Union No. S9i4.
Second Division — Division marshal and aids
band; Plumbers, Ga* and Steam Fitters No
442; Felt and Composition Roofers; Sheet Metal
Workers No. 'Zili; Sheet Metal Roofers No. *T7-
Steam Pipe Boiler Coverers; Slate, Tile and
Terra Cotta Roofers; Bridge and Structural
Iron Workers No. 31; Metal Workers No 1;
Wood. Wire and Metal Lathers; Tent and
Awning Makers; Electrical Workers No. «;
Electrical Workers No. 298; Gas and Electric
Fixture Hangers; Brass and Chandelier Work
ers No. 159: Metal Polishers and Buffers No
12$; Elevator Constructors; Elevator Operators."
Third Division— Division marshal and aide
band 1 Carpenters' Union No. £>; Carr«nters ;
Lnlon No. 304; Carpenters Union No. 483- Car
penters' Union. No. 93; Carpenters' Union No
616; Carpenters' Union- No. 423; Carpenters'
Union No. 7CC; Carpenters' Union No. 1082-
Amalgamated Woodworkers No. 15; Amalga
mated Carpenters; Woodcarvers; Shlnelers.
Fourth Division — Division marshal and aids*
band; Painters' Union No. 19; Paperhangers 1 '
Union No. 509; Varnlehers and Polishers No
134; Sign and Pictorial Painters No. BIO; Paint
Burners No. UC2; Ship Painters No. 080; Paint
ers No. 013; Glaziers and Ornamental Glass
Workers; Carpet Mechanics; Window-shade
Workers: Furniture Handlers.
The Building Trades Council will supply
and deliver to all marshals and aids all
regalia on Sunday, September 6, in Unity
Hall. A meeting of all marshals and aids
will be held next Sunday at 2:30 p. m.
Following is a list of the divisions and
the unions that will be in line:
First Division— Guard of Honor: grand
marshal and aids; division marshal and
aids; band; Building Trades Council's
float; San Francisco Bricklayers' Union
No. 7; Golden Gate Lodge of Plasterers No. (jtj #
Laborers' Protective Union (hcxl carriers)*
Journeymen Stonecutters; Granite Cutters-
CRsters and Modelers; Brick, Tile and Terra
Cotta Workers No. 62; Brick Workers No. 12a-
Omenl Work-era" Union No. 1 of California-
Marble Cutters and Finishers; Mantel. Grate
and Tile Setters; Mosaic Workers' Union; Ce
ment Laundry-, Tray Workers.
DIVISION MARSHALS — First Division.
Edward U. Nolan; Set*nd Division, Thomas J.
Farrell; Third Division, J. E. Scully: Fourth
Division. Mlohael Norton; Fifth. Division, W.
J. Holman: Sixth Division, Joseph Trumpower.
GUAKI> OK HONOR— Joseph\ McAulllfT.
James Edmund Burke, C. M. Hayble, A. E
Field, Michael OUeary. William Storey, J. E.
Rlo'Uan. John Coghlan, A. E. Yoell, R. G.
Simpson. *
John E. HcDoupald. W. C French. John
Co««n>ld. J. L. Fisher. Dan Sullivan, Charles F.
Baldock.
Labor day will be celebrated in this
city September 7 with a big parade." All
the unions will turn out and march. There
will be six divisions. The parade will
start at 3:30 a, m. from the southerly line
of Union street, thence south on the we3t
side of Van Ness avenue to Market street;
on the south side of Market street to the
Ferry building, where the parade will
disband. Grand Marshal P. II. McCarthy
has appointed the following aids:
Organizations Will Turn
Out Thousands on
Labor Day.
Following the musical programme a
one-act comedy, entitled "A Cup of Tea,"
was given with Harry E. de Lasans, Wil
liam E. Wallace, William M. Ogilvie and
Miss Rose Broderick in the cast. The en
tertainment was a complete success.
The hall was filled to its capacity and
an entertaining programme of vocal and
instrumental selections, together with a
one-act farce comedy, provided the even
ing's amusement.
One of the Interesting features of the
programme was the character songs of
Miss May Pettee. The audience took
kindly to the talented young woman and
she was obliged to resp^rfd to repeated
rncores. James O'Brien with recitations.
Miss May Laydon in soprano solos, the
Hawaiian Glee Club in selections, and
Harry Wood Brown in songs added to the
programme. Miss Elizabeth Gowan and
Miss Marie Seibel accompanied the sing
ers on the piano.
An entertainment and social under the
management of Mrs. J. Spottlswood and
friends for the benefit of the new organ
fund of the Hcly Crors Church was giv
en lnst evening at Saratoga Hall, S10
Geary street.
Social for Benefit of the New Organ
Fund Nets a Neat Sum
of Honey.
HOLY CROSS CHTJBCH
GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
MANY UNIONS
WILL PARADE
the State University at Berkeley.
The scholarship is worth $125 a year from
the time of appointment to graduation.
Miss Duffy is the daughter of William
Duffy, who has been a guard at San
Quentin Penitentiary for many years.
She is very popular with her former
schoolmates and was one of the bright
est students in the San Rafael High
School. She is only 17 years of age.
# *2**S"I*"I**I"I"I"I"I"I j 'I"Z"!"I"I—I~I-*S~S"I— I—2—S* O
SAN QUENTIN, Aug. 27. -Miss
Ethel Evelyn Duffy, a graduate
of the San Rafael High School,
has been awarded a scholarship in
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FORTUNE SUES
ON HAPLESS LAD
tiance. who is now speeding- across the
Atlantic to claim from the bonny Callfor
r:ian girl the promise given him months
Vagr> when she was visiting his native
land.
Th» young woman Is a native daughter.
She was educated at the Convent of No
tre Dame. She has traveled extensively
and It was during a visit to Europe that
i&bc met Mr. Isles. Accompanied by her
."..otherr Mi5s Anderson left last evening
for New Ycrk. where she will meet her
their daughter May to George
Isles Jr. of Dundee. Scotland. The wed
ding, which will be private, will take
F'ace September 9 in New York, and im
mediately afterward the young couple
will embark on a trans-Atlantic liner Tor
the Old World, where the honeymoon will
l>* ep«nt- Mr. Isles has extensive inter
*sts in Scotland, but expects to make his
;»ermanent home in New York.
Miss Anderson Is a handsome girl of
peculiarly attractive disposition and her
departure will leave a big blank in the
family home. She will be missed, also,
by a "nrg-e circle of friends.
CAPTAIN AND MRS. J. F. AN
DERSON of 10C2 Dolores 6treet
yesterday made formal an
nouncement of the engagement of
Miss Ethel Evelyn Duffy of
San Qiientin Receives
High Honor.
Engagement Is Announced
of Miss May Anderson
of This City.
BRIGHT YOUNG MISS WHO
HAS WON A SCHOLARSHIP
AT THE UNIVERSITY.
SAN FRANCISCO GIRL, TVKO
WILL. BE MARRIED IN NEW
YORK.
A Coroner> jury exonerated the com
pany from all • blame. The shops have
been closed down until repairs can be
made and 200 men are thrown out of em
ployment.
G. C. Mayneld, the fireman, a> boy of
17, had fallen asleep early In the night
and had been awakened by the stationary
engineer. He fell asleep again, however,
and allowed the water in the boiler to ruh
dry. When he awoke He opened the valve
and the cold water rushing in on the hot
boiler plates caused the explosion. The
stationary engine suffered a great deal
of damage. Besides tearing down the
wall, the explosion tore the room from
the repair building. The stationary en
gineer received but slight injuries. The
property loss has been estimated at $50,
000. - !
The marvelous feature of the explosion
was the terrific force displayed. The
mammoth boiler was hurled through the
air and landed on the roof of the car
shops 200 feet away, wrecking the building
and the cars it contained. The yards
were strewn with wreckage for 200 feet
and the wall of the machine shops demol
ished. The shattered cab was cast in an
opposite direction from the boiler, while
only the engine's trucks kept the track
and remained intact. At the time of the
explosion the locomotive was being used
to assist the stationary engine at the
shops.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Aug. 27.— The terrific
exlosion of a mountain engine at the Tuc
son shops of the Southern Pacific shook
the entire city this morning and did great
damage. The fireman in charge of the
engine was hurled a distance of 300 feet
and instantly killed. The explosion oc
curred at 1:30 a. m., but his body
not discovered until three hours later.
Special IM!n>atci» to The Call.
He Is Hurled a Distance of
Three Hundred Feet
and Killed. V. -.
Disaster Due to Care
lessness of Young
Fireman.
BOILER EXPLODES,
WRECKING SHOPS
PRETTY NATIVE
DAUGHTER WILL
WED RICH SCOT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
STUDENT EARNS
A SCHOLARSHIP
IN UNIVERSITY
Some interesting relics of the great Ar
mada have been found In Tobermory bay,
where one of the Spanish galleons was
sunk. A bronze breech-loading cannon,
dated 1553. Is among the finds.
5
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pro-
sent them immediately,, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
OFFICIAL.
THE
Little Beneflcencia Pubiica Co.
Of San Francisco.
ORGANIZED 1901.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
• As numeral!* 'counterfeits are bt-lny circu-
lated on the market we would respectfully call
the attention of the public to see. that they
are rettlnsr the genuine tickets before pur-
chafing- Every genuine Little Louisiana - or
Little B*neflcencla ticket has the monogram
"8. P." on the face and back of each ticket.
Following are the capital prize numbers In
the August 27 drawing, as decided by the lottery
of the Beneflcencia Pttbllca Company:
No. 20249 draw» first capital prize.... 975OO'
Sold in Pinole. Cal.
So. 23077 draws second capital prize fZoOO
gold in Butte. Mont.
No. €5809 draws third capital prize $125O
Sold In Bait Lak# City. Utah.
JCos. 35538. 76714. 65347. 24327, 66774 each
draws 9125. Sold in Salem. Or.; San Pedro,
Cal.. and San Francisco, Cal. •
THE EMPORIUM. . \ \ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM,
~~ - ~~ ~~ - — . , « —^^^^ . j^. — „ — -> . . ~
Big Sale HfSen's Fmii Suits
Styles for Coming Season. Worth $12. 5O to $20. OO— -Now $9.5O and $11.50
A very large purchase from one of the best manufacturers in America of ready-to-wear clothing — new,
stylish fabrics, cut in the. fashion that men will wear this Fall and Winter— now offered before the new
season has commenced at an average of a third less than regular. If these suits are not absolutely satis-
factory in every respect when you get them home bring them back to us at once and get your money.
"Nine-fifty" ° Men's $3.OO ° "Eleven-iiHy"
For either single or double breasted sack coat suits in a P&ttfS %&f*95 For your choice of more than 500 stylish sing'c or double
great variety of Fall 1903 Worsteds, Cheviots, Cassi- In an extensive assortment of new breasted sack suits — just manufactured for Fall and
meres and Scotch Mixtures, every fabric in the lot most Fall patterns, well made tnd per- Winter 1903 — some of th; best fabrics made up for the
. desirable — and garments hand-tailored throughout — fcct fi ttin g» during this sale . . coming season; fancy effects in plain colors, extra good
extra good $12.50 and $15.00 values. • • • • &Mm95^ $17.50 and J20.00 values.
50c Hat Drapes 35c I New' Walking Hats
JllSt Secured by US from an importer Of VeilingS, at a No trouble to suit you now in a ready-to-wear or stylishly trimmed fail-
third leSS than regular, price. These are all new, J at - Our early Fall Styles have been rushed forward by express, and we now
charming up-to-da^ Veils, V/ 2 yards long, made of j§ g g^f^^g|^|^g^
a choice Parisian material, blacks with white border, Pdke Bonnets and Gainsboroughs. v.,
blacks With fancy border, and White with either Prices for Walking Hats range from $2.25 to 57.50 .
black or fancy border, instead of 50c each, sale price Prices for. stylish trimmed Hats $4.95 to $25.00
Friday and Saturday also, if quantity lasts, *&&*% Ch ,^n, S fo h r°° l ."^f^. '? d "^ h^ tc^? lh * g
. each . q^-^ Jf Other Hats'for chldren from 85c to $1.35
Silverware Sale j Misses' Fall Suite I safe Momie sca^/s
C oses to-morrow night. A most unusual op- --- . -?• • *•**»»# f P3Jf UriQlttS
portunity to get pretty silverware at nominal ' **2!ISWS^ «• m Extra values stamped Jinen Momie Scarfs, Tray
prices. -These are beautiful quadruple plate silver y*!9%SF SffSeCiSi FriCCS Cloths and Eibs, for Friday and Saturday only,
on hard white metal, manufactured by the makers v ra8£$pT Among the many sty.ish and jqq Beavtitvl Momfc Scarls — 18:^4 inches, all
of the celebrated Rogers Bros, "i 847" knives, 7i$Lj pretty suits for young Misses stamped to be embroidered, aa extra 40c
forks and spoons. The assortment consists of Jt^sb-^ aVC ar " vc: * w ' th l^ c quality, for tbc two days, each ... . 27C
Dessert Sets, Fruit Dishea, Bon Bon Dishe*;. ¦ . /^M\ » ew Fa ? g° ods I s thc T ° n . e 300 Stamped Momie Tray Cloths- 1 6x27 inch*,
Cake Baskets. Bread Trays, etc. IM MM^S, tho " n }» 5™«£°?- . ! C " are.dy to be embroidered, an extra 25c qua'ity.
Extra Values m ft ! F * r £ ™ " ch We
i Fali Undergarments . ||||| j§ 1 " \f&J^?£~£™ "£5%
Ladies' Jersey ribbed, heavy fleece lined Cotton WlM'M skirt is even lcrg.h, 9 -gorc 1 •» 1£gg*
Vests and Pants-Cream color, each . 25o \ ill fe|i - ? nd < UChncd * W "J C ! th " ' •' f^°
Ladies' Jersey ribbed, wool mixed, -non^shrink- W»i' " S"? u °l t^ ~ ' «~~ J SontO $1.25
ing " Vests and Pants-Natural color, e.50o )ilf 1 Enghsh Norfolk jacket with *
Chiton's J=r S ey ribbed, heavy fleece lined Cot- I Ijigk both ) j, and b ' c f F ocke:s ' li^^^^fe^l PiCfUrOS
ton Vests Pants and Bovs' Drawers-Natural I gk f™? ™> I l^^^K |
tt 34 inches; each.. 25o /BlM |ffl|^ . s^ !^S^^ I 7^
The Portiere Sale «lf £"^$12.50 (B|%3| "tS^Sf^i
EndS To-mOrrOW NigM a Vh ite Oxford Wash Waiilj 98c-Or jilit^pfi yJSBSik 20 inch gilt frames
5 L75 Portieres— 3 6-in x 3 prd?, pair . . . .$1.18 fine whit: lawn if you prefer, prettily % Wl&&y<^Z^^' iHf with bras» corners,
$3.00 Portieres — 45-in x 3 yards, pair. . . . $l.R8 tucked, pleated er embroidered; all have full French rieeves, worth i ijMffijf^ **f^ ,tgjl i K(# .nKwrti n»-K
54.00 Portieres- Oriental .tripes, p/ir . . - $2.98 Si.a 5 and *i. 50 each, here for 98O flS^^^Wl'l c sucjecu sucn a :
$3.00 Portieres- Heavy Rep effect^ pair . . $3.38 Black Sateen Wa : sts 5I.25-Keatly tucked, fell French ileevc, ad- jg^"^^^JSg£-i&i3Al-^gj[ b:olen bwcets, Dear
56.00 Portieres— Extra Heavy Tapestrifs, pair $3.68 justbls stock coUar $1.25 " Mamma, Spring-
57.00 Portieres-Merctmed imitation ,ilk. $4.88 Flannel WaNts- For fall wear 98o t° $1.50 time of Life, John Aldea and PrisciUa, Consulting
You never had a larger variety or bctttr styles ¦ :n = Oracle, and many others, suitable for parlor,
t^t^u^^ matsp ' c " lsa " pri '" Love's Reverie tSe Wjraa^^totts-g 7 o c
your choice Friday and Saturday . . . a-^rwM
kum~~*~ c~km «#*.«.£,..,«.«... The great song success that everybody '
an/Jnderwe7r is humming'or whistling instea/oj :25c Butter Sale
(i , c?v v f 1 a- • per copy, to-day and Saturday... #5O and Uquors-To-Daymd Saturday
Men's Fail Neckwear — Smart, new styles direct ' "
irom Gotham's leading manufacturing haber- The VCTy best Creamery Butter — Reg-
dashers; Four-in-hands, Imperials and Ascots, .jCi f * uJar 5 ° C s< * uares » tcT the two da^ s on^ 43G
very newest colorings tnd designs; each 50o +JTjftf£ i^ 1. f/JFff Extra TaMc Cbrd— w «* 75 C g aIIon • • 37o
Men's Sanitary Natural Wool Underwear— Well i=30f Best Eastern Alcohol— 1 38 proof, full quarts 75c
made and finely finished garments; drawers California's u^ nc^^^M^^ggggi^^ m Grape Brandy — Best California, gallon J2.40
double seated, overlocked scam*, suspender — TTT^J|iirttf*^^ii>ii 1111 i iniiiini 1 mini bottle 65c
tapes, etc.; an excellent quality of fall* weight ¦ ""^ Cedar Run Bovrbon — Sour mash whiskey, gallon
underwear that will give long and satisfactory Special Sale Goods ordered by mail ...'... $1.95
wear; per garment . . 75c or telephone -drill not be sent C. O. D. Gannymedc "76"— Pure Eastern Rye, fu!iq:s.|J0C
fgig PIANOS AND ORGANS. /
\\ '^lijHP*^^'^ You have never before had such opportunities placed before you. We ourselves have offered many |
U i -^SSP bargains— and good ones— since we began business in 1850, but we have never offered such values as p.
1 we are offering during-this Removal Sale. The occasion has never before arisen. We have a tremendous stock of musical instru- g
| ments to dispose of in -tHbnext ten days; that's why we have cut the prices the way we have ; that's why we. are selling |
I New $250 Knorrs for $85. New $375 Pianos for $265. New $275 Pianos for $195 I
I $500 Mahogany or Oak Aeolians for $250 I
1 And many other most astonishing propositions. We want to impress upon you ttiat now— to-ddy— is the time to investigate |
E the offers we are making and- make your selections. . The time is short. The stock is moving, and moving fast. If you |
E are interested we. should see you* to:day. ' v - ' : ' : h
I \2&-30 OTAlflCEI/I/ST. JlOJll/IvICSvIlASI} \rG5T^ D ltDAKNY5X5./ I
I 1 BafoPLisrreDjyriaso j A&x/7jfo/77e ':: \ JSAN JOSE LADIES WHO ARE
ARRANGING FOR UNIQUE
ENTERTAINMENT.
. Emperor William now possesses fifty-four magnifi
cent residences.;. What a, strange feeling it must be
forhim to -feel homesick 1
A cloudburst deluged a large area in Kansas the
other day. The fact is worthy of comment simply be
cause Kansans consider this as one of the climatic
wncnitics of early falL
Memphis is evidently pleading to be enrolled
among those cities :pf the Southern States which
may be looked upon as scenes of the unexpected^
One of her editors died the other day from natural
causes. : .
China, it is said, intends to ask President'Roose
velt to act as arbitrator and determine the status of
the Flowery Kingdom among the nations. The
President may take this request as one of the modern
variations of the Chinese puzzle as easily solved as
any other that has been presented.
A recent and bloody row between a saloon-keeper
ar\d some of the Federal troops stationed as guar
dians in the Yosemite serves to emphasize the fact
that Uncle Sam's soldiers are becoming far too
troublesome to be tolerated in California. A court
martial or two with the administration of extreme
penalties might bring the offenders to their senses.
In a recent report a British roj-al commission rec
ommends that all South African boys be placed un
der compulsory military discipline and be. trained for
the army. Britain's recent clash with the Boers
should suggest to her that South African boys are
extremely good soldiers with the training they have
already received.
A United States civil service examina
tion is announced for tnls city on Sep
tember 23 for the position of draughtsman
in the Geological Survey, salary J1400 per
annum. Minimum age limit,. 20 years Ap
ply to the Commission at Washington
D. C., or to the secretary Consolidated
Board Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
son street, for application form 1312.
Draughtsman Wanted.
The Supervisors are investigating the reasons for
which employes of. the Board of Health and of the
Board of Public Works have recently been given
grossly extravagant increases in salaries. If the Su
pervisors will now give us the secret of their own
extravagancies the confession will be complete and
the public will be vviser if not better conditioned.
The white girl of this city who fought her folks,
rebelled against the good counsel of the courts and
endured imprisonment that she might be restored
to her Chinese husband has won her struggle and
will again link her fortunes with her coolie, spouse.
Her stubborn determination to live a life of degra
dation should convince her people that in life there
are some things which may be deplored but which
cannot be remedied.
John D. Spreckels left last evening for
Hotel Coronado to Install George Schune
wald as the new manager. E. S. Babcock
has resigned the managejship of the ho
tel and Schonewald will"'. take his place.
Schonewald was for many years manager
of Hotel del Monte and resigned the po
sition . recently. He Is considered both a
popular and good hotel manager.
Colonel J. J. Brady, press agent of
Rlngling Bros.' circus, arrived here yes
terday. He is a bright advance agent and
is well known on the coast.
George W. Root, a merchant of Grass
Valley, is at the Lick, accompanied by
his wife.
G. W. Luce, general freight agent of
the Southern Pac/flc Company, Is at El
Paso on business for the company.
M. M. Potter, proprietor of Hotel Van
Nuys at Los Angeles and Hotel Pottei
at Santa Barbara, is at the Palace.
John A. Gill, Pacific Coastifrelght agent
of the Vanderbilt lines, left' last evening
for an extended tour of the Interior of
the State.
S. S. Raymond, a raining man, is at the
Palace.
O. Y. Woodward of "Woodwards Island
is at the Grand.
H. A. Brigham of Klamath Springs is
registered at the Lick.
Frank H. Buck, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, is at the Palace.
T. B. Petch, an attorney of Eureka, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
James II. Erickson, a merchant of Vic
toria, B. C, is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
So frequent were such statements from the lips of
Johnson that people believed them to be true by rea
son of their very iteration, and political experts pro
ceeded to explain them -upon the theory that John
son had no desire for the governorship, but was
eager for a seat in the United States Senate, and
would keep out of the gubernatorial contest and de
vote all his energies, his abilities and his moneys to
the task of electing a Democratic majority to the
Legislature, to the end that the majority might re
turn the compliment by electing him to the United
States* Senate. '
It appears that after making' his programme on
those lines Johnson learned that he would have a
better chance to, control his party by getting into
the fight for the governorship himself and surren
dering the Senatorial prospect to one of his lieu
tenants. A man of prompt action, he at once re
arranged his plan of campaign and went to the front.
His success in the camp has been overwhelming.
He captured first the committee on credentials, and
through that captured the convention and dictated
the platform. He is now in the saddle, or perhaps
it would be more accurate to say he is in the auto
mobile, for he prefers the machine to the horse when
he rides.
Political experts pronounce the Democratic cam
paign in Ohio this year to be a forlorn hope,. but it
is doubtful if Johnson would have accepted the
leadership were such the case. He is a man of many
theories with respect to the, property of others', but
when; his own interests are at stake he is strictly
business. He has made many millions and he knows
bow to handle them orofitablv. H» would like to be
The outcome is a sudden shifting of the chief fig
ures in the little comedy. Only a short time ago
Johnson was declaring with exuberant earnestness
that he was not and would not be a candidate for
the governorship, alleging with many words of
protestation that he deems himself far better fitted to
be Mayor of Cleveland than Governor of Ohio, and
asserting, moreover, that he has plans for the wel
fare of the people of Cleveland which he believes
himself bound to carry out at every sacrifice of per
sonal ambition.
OVER in Ohio the Bryanite Democrats have
met the reorganizes and taken them into
camp. Mq Zimmerman, who was in the
fight at the beginning, was not in it at the finish.
His name was not even submitted to the conven
tion. Only two men were in sight — first and fore
most loomed up the figure of the irrepressible Tom
Johnson, (ind near him the figure of a new man, a
certain John H. Clark, who is nominated as candi
date of the party for the United States Senate.
TOM JOHNSON WINS
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. .-*:¦*
The first life Insurance company was
started in London In 169 S and another
In 1700. Neither was successful.
The Santa Clara woman who resisted being robbed
of three hundred dollars, who, revolver in hand,
faced the robber, forced him to disgorge and then
turned him ifcto the custody of the Sheriff of the
county, is unfortunately located in the State. She
should have been in Placer County three weeks ago
and we might have had at least one more convict
ready to pay the penalty at a rope's end.
The litigation in which the California
Ladles' Publishing Company has been in
volved in the bankruptcy proceedings in
the United 'States District Court was
brought to an end yesterday by the dis
missal of the creditors' petition to dectare
the company a bankrupt. L. Ernest Phil
lips, the attorney who made the motion
for the dismissal, stated that Mrs. Rose
x.. Bushnell-Donnelly, the president, and
Martha P. Owen, the secretary of the
company, had labored unceasingly to ef
fect a settlement with the creditors and
had succeeded.
Ladies Out of Litigation.
The San Jose Woman's Club was or
panized a few '"years ago and contains
many of the prominent women of San
Jose and Santa Clara. Its membership
Is nearly 200. The officers are: President,
Mrs. W. C. Kennedy,; vice president, Mrs.
A. E. Osborne, Santa Clara: secretary,
Mrs. J. W. Davy; corresponding secre
tary. Mrs. W. B. Hill; auditor, Mrs. Paul
Shoup; treasurer, Mrs. H. S. Foote; di
rectors—Mrs. N: T. Biddle, Mrs. E. H.
Guppy and Mrs. C. F. Fleming.
A young women's auxiliary to the Wom
an's Club Is now being: organized and
fifty names have been signed on the char
ter roll. The auxiliary will give a uni
versity extension course and take up prac
tical work. The auxiliary will bring the
younger members of society in contact
with the matrons and De the means of
materially strengthening the club.
puard a tribe of fierce Apaches. Mrs.
G. H. Worrall and Mrs. Tom James will
take care of a band of young Pawnees
in a wigwam oNbuffalo skins. The arch
ery in the hands of Mrs. Henri Bettman,
Mrs. J. L. Benepe and Mrs. J. H. Camp
bell will add to the beauty of the scene.
The five buffets are in the hands of Mrs.
H. D. Math'ews. Mrs. E'. Coppock, Dr.
M." J. Bearby, Mrs. Victor Cauhape and
Mrs. Valentine Koch.
The Shiek-ul-Islam. the head of the faith, has the
power t» float the green banner, which calls all Islam
to battle for the faith. If it were possible to line up
all Christianity the chance would be more even, and
in the long run it is sure that the fatalists would
be suppressed. But nations count the cost, not irr life
ulone, but in interrupted commerce, disturbed finance
and all the barbarizing influences of such a war. It
would be cheaper to combine, and buy the European
possessions of the Turk and divide them share and
ihnre alike in a raffle than to risk -an armed conflict
that would blaze from the Dardenelles to Lake
Linao.
it is probable that no other soldiers in -the world
would fight loyally under the conditions imposed
upon the troops of Turkey. They are well armed
and officered, but there all resemblance between them
and other armies ends. They are poorly paid when
paid at 1 all, and most of the time are not paid any
thing. Their commissary is so inefficient as hardly
to be apparent at all, and when the revolutionists de
stroy or carry away subsistence in their line of march
they must fight on empty stomachs. Any other
troops would revolt and kill their officers under such
circumstances, but they exhibit the same grim en
durance as the first armies of the Caliphs, which lived
on brackish water and green 'lizards and the weeds
of the desert It must be said that the revolutionists
arc capable of almost equal abstention, and added
to it is the spirit of devotion to what they regard as
the cause of liberty. It is probable that two harder
human formations never came into conflict before.
The war is likely to add to history a chapter that
seems taken out of the narrative of human savagery
of the far past.
The Continental powers' have other reasons than
the presence of rebellion to make them uneasy. Rus
sia, France. Belgium, Holland and others have Ma
hometan subjects. 2nd their neighbor. Great Britain,
is quite burdened with that class of religionists. The
bankrupt Sultan, weak in ail else, is- strong in his
relation to the vast Mahometan world, numbering
two hundred millions, fighters always, fatalists and
willing seekers of death in war in the name ot the
Prophet, who can be roused to battle against the
Christians when he chooses.
THE presence of the Russian fleet, instead of
quieting the rebellion in the Turkish empire,
has given more activity. The Sultan realizes
that he has a war on his hands, and the rulers of
Continental Europe are scarcely less troubled than
he. Their position is one of peculiar difficulty. In
the case of Russia the same elements of internal dis
content are menacing the power of the Czar. It is
difficult for him to support discontent, in' Turkey
without encouraging it at home. None of them can
with safety support the dismemberment of Turkey
lest the example be used against themselves.
The revolutionists in Turkey are giving blow for
blow, and there is left between them and the troops
of the Sult.in no balance of atrocity. It is reported
that they are rapidly adapting themselves to military
discipline and tactics, and as they have good fighting
qualities and are trained in the school of mountain
marauding, they give Stamboul more bad half hours
than it has seen since the Balkan campaign in the
last war with Russia. They do not lack the sympathy
of their Christian brethren in the Slav states on the
right bank of the Danube, and thence come succor
and recruits, arms and ammunition, and there is a
retupe when they need cover.
WAR IN THE EAST.
PERSONAL MENTION
Some of the ladies taking an active part
in the entertainment are: Mrs. W. C.
Kennedy, president of the club: Mrs.
Leonard Stocking, chairman of the per
manent clubhouse committee; Mrs. K. O.
Smith, vice chairman of committee. Mrs.
A. E. Osborne and Mrs. Clara Kuhl have
charge of the Alaskan tribes. Mrs. F.
Hi Bangs and Mrs. \V. C. Kennedy have
chosen from the California tribes the Hoo
pas, with wickiup and aweathouse. Mrs.
M. A. AVUliams and Miss Williams will
dispense the" Nez Perces* '.'firewater."
Miss Asrnes Howe an* Miss Pyburn will
preside Jn a Piute "campoodie." Mrs. C.
N. MacLouth and Mrs. H. A. Mackres
will represent the Powhatans. Mrs. W.
L. Woo(Jrow and Mrs. M. Phillips have
taken the picturesque Sioux. Mrs. E. J.
Crawford and Mrs. C. H. Hervey will
A band of native California Indians will
be one of the many attractions and their
tonps, dances and games will add to the
variety of the stage performances. The
performances will be under the skillful
management of Miss Esther Macomber.
A Pocahontas musical burlesque will be
given by the Powhatnns: "Hiawatha's
Wooing," by the Sioux; stereopticon views
of Indian life, by the California tribes;
"Metamora," a farce, by fierce Apaches.
There will also be tableaux, songs and
drills, etc.
An Indian village will be erected on the
lot at the corner of First and 1 St. James
streets. Nine tribes will be represented
and each will have its appropriate wig
wam, tepee, wickiup, campoodle and
fcweathouse, with numerous stray dogs
and papooses lying around the village.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 27.-Nine tribes of
Indians, gorgeously arrayed in
paint and feathers, are to 'hold a
big powwow in this city on Sep
tember 3, 4 and 5. Prominent la
dies are to personate the Indians.and San
Jose's society is talking of the promised
event. The powwow is to be given for
the benefit of the Woman's Club, which
Is raising funds to erect a $6000 clubhouse.
The ladles have $1000 on hand, and they
expect to realize a thousand more from
the powwow. Other entertainments will
be given during the coming winter to
raise the balance of the money required.
The Indian entertainment will be held
on Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings, with matinees on the last two days.
Admission will be 25 cents, season tick
ets |1.
The women Intend to build a model
home, which will contain an assembly
hall, section rooms, kitchen and dining
room. These will be magnificently fur
nished.
Secretary Carter of Hawaii was instru
mental in bringing about the change in
the system of conducting elections. The
proposition was introduced in a business
way by a representative of the Califor
nia firm that has secured the order for
the first county election supplies and was
officially adopted.
An order has been received by a San
Francisco house dealing in election sup
plies from the officials of the Hawaiian
Territorial Government, which indicates
that Hawaii will conduct its first county
elections under the California plan in all
its details. The' Hawaiian officials have
considered the county government law,
which Is new, and have come to the con
clusion that while the law does not ex
pressly authorize the employment of a
system of votine that Is new in Hawaii,
at th« same time It does not forbid the
employment of the California system of
registration, voting, etc.
There are five counties Jn Hawaii un
der the new law. Supervisors, County
Clerks and other county officers are to
be elected on November 3. Then the new
order of thinsrs in Hawaii will be fairly
Inaugurated so far as local government
Is concerned.
HAWAII IS PBEPABINO
TO VOTE LIKE CALIFORNIA
Officials Order All Necessary Para
phernalia in This City for Ial
and County Elections.
While this is going on it is rather, nauseating to
an American to read the last eruption of Minister
Bowen, who is in Europe to represent Venezuela
before the Hague tribunal. He, with that disregard
of diplomatic propriety which has too frequently ad
vertised at once the increasing dimensions of his
head and his desire to be an object of interest, volun
teered the statement that he had no doubt all Europe
was surprised to see. him there in the double* capa
city of United States Minister to Caracas and ac
credited representative of Venezuela/ but he was
"proud to say" that he would "always be found
standing up for the weak against the strong."
If he had the faintest glimmer of. a conception of
justice he would know that the weak are the foreign
nationals, individuals/who have been robbed, humil
iated, wronged and outraged by Venezuela, a sover
eignty, and strong in its sovereign righfs. The fel
low is rapidly becoming a greaser after Castro's own
heart, and would do well to resign his post as United
States Minister t and put on a poncho and denation
alize himself.
y^ OR a long time the district of Ciudad Bolivar,
rH in Venezuela, was in possession of the revolu
*¦ tionary government, which administered all of
its public affairs, having complete de facto jurisdic
tion and authority! All of the people in the district,
natives and foreign nationals, paid their taxes to the
de facto government: Finally, Castro's army cap
tured the district and the government de facto was
replaced by the government de jure.
This is a process that occurs constantly in the revo
lutionary states of Latin-America. In some of them
it happens several times a year. Under public and
international law the inhabitants are protected in
their submission to the de facto government. When
it is succeeded by the government de jure^the latter
has no right to exact from them again the taxes
they have paid to the government de facto. This
rests upon such plain principles of justice as to re
quire no discussion nor explanation.
When our Civil War closed the same questions
were presented to our government as occur in the
revolutionary states of Latin-America. We decided
them in conformity to public law and international
justice. In Texas vs. White, Chief Justice Chase,
delivering the opinion of the Supreme Court of the
United States, said, defining the condition and juris
diction of the de facto government of Texas during
the rebellion: "It is not necessary to attempt any
exact definitions within which the acts of such a
state government must be treated as valid or invalid.
It may be said, perhaps with sufficient accuracy, that
acts necessary to peace and good order among citi
zens, such, for example, as acts sanctioning and pro
tecting marriage and the domestic relations, govern
ing the course of descents, regulating the conveyance
and transfer of property, real and personal, and pro
viding remedies for injuries to person and estate,
and other similar acts that would be valid if emanat
ing from a lawful government, must be regarded, in
general, as valid when proceeding from an actual
though unlawful government."
In Horn vs. Lockhart, an Alabama case, Mr. Jus
tice Field, in delivering the opinion of the court,
said: "The existence of a state of insurrection did
not loosen the bonds of society or do away with
civil government or the regular administration of the
law. Order was to be preserved, police regulations
to be maintained, crime prosecuted, property pro
tected,^ marriages celebrated, estates settled, and
descent of property regulated, precisely as in time of
peace." Mr. Justice Strong, in another case, assert
ing the same doctrine, said: "Any other doctrine
than this would work great and unnecessary hard
ship upon the people of those States, without any
advantage to the national government."
No one ever suggested that, when the war was
over, it was the right of the United States to compel
the people who had been under the de facto govern
ment of the Confederacy to pay again to the United
States their tariff and excise taxes. Such a proceed
ing would have been the essence of oppression and
tyranny. 5 But the principles of public and interna
tional law do not disturb the usurping robber Cas
tro, and he has exacted from foreign nationals pay
ment to him of the taxes they had already paid to a
de facto government, and to enforce the outrage has
put them in prison.
TOO MUOfl CASTRO.
Uncle Sam has added a new and formidable war
ship to his splendid array in the Pennsylvania, re
cently launched. Such little incidents as this have' a
tendency to increase {he spirit of friendship and
good will toward us, and in the expression of which
our European^cousins are so ostentatious.
An application for letteTs of suardlan
ship over the eatate of Join C. Brecken
ridge the young millionaUe, who eloped
with 'Addle Murphy, the, daughter of
Banker Samuel G. Murphy and whose
family troubles have been cannon talk in
PaTis for several months past, was tiled
in the Superior Court yesterday. The ap
plication ?s made by Edgar Risotto as a
friend of the young man. an* at the re
quest of his young wife Ihe petition
seta forth that young Breckenridge is tn
"mpet?nt to mLage hi, affairs and that
it is absolutely necessary that * *»rd»an
should be apointed in order that Mr*.
Breckenridge. who is- *<£***»**»?« her
husband's income, should not want. The
petition will be heard September S by
J nS^tTS^t. forth in his petition
that young Breckenridge's condition £
due to a fall from a window and that he
is at present confined in a sanitarium at
Vavres. France. He says that his estate
consists of an income from a trust fun<l
created for his benefit by his grandfather.
Lloyd Tevls. '.'¦*•*
It was only a little more than a year
ago that local society circles were startled
by the elopement of Breckenridge with
the daughter of Samuel G. Murphy, presi
dent of the First National Bank. After
their marriage they went to Paris and
Joined the young man's mother. Then
came the accident and the subsequent
quarrel between the mother and wife a*
to who should care for the injured man.
While the battle was waging fiercest a
child was born to young Mra. Brecken
ridge. The advent of the little onebrought
peace. Whether the proceed Ings here are
the result of an amicable arrangement Is
not known, but it is preAmed that It Is
the result of the advice of friends.
Attorney Pelxotto says that it i3 simply
a business affair and he does not expect
any opposition. "Some one," he said,
"must collect the income from the Tevfts
trust, hence the petition I filed to-day.".
FRIDAY AUGUST 28, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
tttnst All Ccmmunlcotlon* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PrBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stewnton St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T«rtc« br Mail. Including Po«ta«e (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL <includlr.c Sunday), one year *?*«!,
DATLT CALL tlnc!ufiln« Sunday). 6 months ~
DAILT CALL— Ey Sinrle Month ;/£«
6UNDAT CALL. On« Tear *•*»"
WEEKLY CALL. One Te*r x ' w
f Dally. . . f «.SO Per Tew Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Te*r Extr*
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra.
All PoitmtitfM are authorised to receive
¦ubpcrtpttoim.
Sainpl* copies will be forwarded when rnjuested-
Mall subscribers In ordering change of addre«» should b«
rcrtlcular to c'.ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with the'.r request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
nnilKELEV OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone Xorth 77
C. GEORGE KltOGNESS. Manager Forelgm Adver
tl*ln«r. Marqoette Mulldlnsr. Chicago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRAMS 1-UMJ G Street, X. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHES D. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnildlner
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
Ci C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brertano, SI Union Square;
Murray Kill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel an4 Hcffman Hou«e.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS :
Sherman House; P. O. New« Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Tremcct House; Aud'torlum Hotel; Palmer House.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9 :30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'cloclc 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
8;S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, open uatll 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. in.
It will be n refreshing evidence of sanity and good
citizenship if such organized force instantly and un
equivocally repudiate the crimes and the criminals
and join in hunting them down, to bring them to jus
tice, that they may get the punishment they have
overeamed.
In the Oakland strike very portentous and threat
ening features have appeared from time to time, and
the orderly people have been much disquieted by the
tendency to violence and disorder.
Recently have occurred incidents of the most
alarming nature that go to the very life of the com
munity. The telephone cable has been cut at night,
destroying the use of the* telephones in one-half of
the city. Life might have been lost by it. The sick
could not call a physician nor the dying seek reli
gious consolation in an emergency. Engagements
and appointments of business importance could not
be made, and there was a loss of time, temper, pa
tience and health among nearly 40,000 people as a
result of the dastardly and cowardly act. As if this
were not enough, in the next night the police and fire
alarm wires were cut at a vital point which disused
them all. and the city was left at the mercy of fire
and crime. This is a felony of tjie highest grade.
The two acts show a reckless and criminal disregard
of law, a defiance of the interests of the community,
a cold-hearted indifference to peril and suffering,
that a savage would hesitate to exhibit. They ex
press the ultimate of bad citizenship, lack of man
hood and excess of cowardice. While they cost the
electrical company involved a great deal in money,
they struck past that object of criminal hatred and
delivered a blow at the vitals of the people.
He is a narrow and shortsighted man who sees in
them anjihing less than a still worse blow at the
good name of organized labor. They tend to make
any accommodation of the original issue involved in
the strike impossible, since the company can hardly
stand before the w'orld in the light of having possibly
taken back into its confidence the reckless criminals
who delivered a whole population over to conflagra
tion and crime and condemned one-half of it to loss
of the means of communication which might have
been necessary to the saving of life or the alleviation
of dire physic?.! distress. There can be no proper
sympathy with such acts, and the misfortune is that
resentment of them projects far past the guilty and' is
not spent until it has included the whole scheme of
organized labor.
IT seems that the strikers on the electrical lines in
Oakland are the victims of the unwise and vio
lent advice which has been common in the col
umns of some newspapers and the mouths of some
perfervid orators. The public always submits t to
much inconvenience, and in some cases to
much loss, during a labor strike. If the reason of
the strike and its methods are in line with the popu
lar sense of justice the men always have behind them
the sure support of public opinion, and in such cir
cumstances no strike has ever failed.
There is a proper human sympathy with labor in
the matter of just wages and right hours which wins
for it every just demand. When this sympathy is
lacking a strike becomes simply a trial of endurance,
and usually degenerates into a competition of force,
in which the law is violated, primordial rights are in
vaded, and there is presented a sad spectacle of law
less passion and defiance, of public order. Even if a
strike succeed by such means the v cause of organized
labor is injured, and every party to it has lost the
finer elements of good citizenship, which dictate re
spect for the rights of others and willing obedience
to the law. Unfortunately the haranguers who seek
every center of disturbance for a display of their
vanity are too often accepted by workingmen as the
guides of their conduct, and the counsel of wisdom,
making for good order, is disregarded.
TO CONSERVE
THE ESTATE OF
BRECKENR1DGE
the candidate of the Democratic party for the Presi
dency next year. Victory in Ohio this fall /would
vastly increase his chances of obtaining that honor.
That he will make a hard fight is unquestionable,
and it will not do for Republicans to trust too much
to the.belief that he is leading a forlorn hope. Tom
Johnson is a "get there, Eli," sort of a man, and with
all his vagaries he has a'strong following, as has been
shown by his successes in Cleveland. It will not do
for Mark Hanna to indulge himself in the luxury of
gout this fall. He must hustle for votes from now
until election day.
STRIKE INCIDENTS.
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALJL, FKIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
ARRANGE NOVEL ENTERTAINMENT
FOR BENEFIT OF WOMAN'S CLUB
6
THE CALL'S
•GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent thtom immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates .will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. ¦ •'
THE MAN YOU LOVE. I
IT has been said repeatedly tlii»% any woman, who is not positively Pf
deformed, can, with tact and delicacy, win any man she sets her heart «
upon, but—can she? How many women have smilingly accepted M
the compliment of the assertion in public, only to ponder the ques- »
tion anxiously, oft times hopelessly, in the privacy of the boudoir, o
What an old,; old. problem it is. to be sure, but oh, how appallingly #
new to most of the (rentier sex who will read these lines. Matrimony fe
— the right man — a comfortable, happy home. ,It is the one srreat orob- g
lem of a woman's life from the cradle to the grave. They are the ideals S
that women have always cherished, always will. And how many, or S
rather, how few, realize their ideals. * S
It is a problem that few men can understand, or, worst of all. ever o
try to understand. Man. with his lordly assumption of all the orerotr-
atives of life worth havinsr. may woo and win where and when he list- £
eth. But to woman— passive, receptive woman — what is sriven? She §
must wait her lover's coming. She may not seek, as man does, that which «
pleases her most. And out of the lovers who choose to woo she must g
.make what poor selection is afforded her, and, burying the ideal, jjive all S
the fluttering, clinging hope of the future to shaping . the real into 3
something akin to the eod of her dreams. _ q
And in this world of sham and show, of the mad chase for wealth.. S
the problem has become vastly more vexatious than it ever was before** X
Even though it has been lonsr accepted as something akin to a ioke. it o
happens all too often in real life that she loves the poor man. and must §
choose between him and a wealthier though less undesirable suitor. S
Perverse woman, say the knowi n Sf and the worldly: but only the jrirl §
who has been confronted with such a problem can realize the heartburn- • ff
ing. the sublime emotional tragedy of it all. Whichever way she chooses 8
some great part of the ideal is shattered and — what then? X
Every woman who reads is v s e «klng the answer to just such a ques- S
tion. Just a few of thnse who w"^ have tried to answer it for her S
Such a one is the "Half-Hour-Storiette" in the next Sunday Call en- S
titled "When Jabberwock Rode." Curious title, isn't it? Well, it is a «
curious story, and one that answe" the oroblem as— well, read it and §
see if you would answer it that way. If you are a woman it is ten «
chances to one you would or — would you? 3
Perhaps, after all. you wouldn't, for there is another story that solve* w
the riddle in a different way. It is called "Betwixt Dad and Toe." but S
the problem before the girl is not exactly what you would infer from 8
that title— indeed not bv a ereat deal. Nor can you jraess what man- g
ner of finesse she used to brin<? about a happy etidinsr— the only sort an "
ardent girl will ever accept. Still another ig "Under the Car of the ft
Juggernaut." but the eirl in this story did not have things as much her §
own way as you might think sh? did from such a title. Or doe* that «
title convey as clear a conceot' 0 " of what. a remarkable storv thi* is §
as a '.veil selected title should?. You'll b* able to decide that question, g
best for yourself when you read *'- the bright, clever, up-to-date stories o
on tH<? two "Half-Hour-Storiette" pages in the next Sundiy Call. S
Then, to be sure, there is th e second installment of "Brewster's «
Millions" which goes far toward clearinsr the mysterv of how he *
spent one million a vear to make six more. If- you think it is the 3
easiest, thing in the worW to soe"d a million a year, pet your money's S
worth and yet have nothinc. to show for if at the e*id of that time. $>
you'H find valuable infw-imt'on in the rext Sunday Call. S
Yom'11 find also "A P«H HatVed OmM" bv Henry Wallq Ce Phillips. «
"The Etinuette of th* Hostess" by MaHcre Moore, the San Francisco »
seaman who has iust broueht a ereat ship safely into harbor by ridmtr S
the broken rudder in a storm li^e a tramo, on a nrake-beam. "Old j*
Gorgon Graham's^A'nhahpt." w^'ch is, the funkiest thine vou ever saw o
pvreor perhans the "Wonderful Kingdom «f Wonderful Things." which - »
reallv is a. fuiroaire of someth«n> new tinker the stm. ft
But what is. the use of telling yot' any mor*. Vou w?11 see all this 8
for yoursHf. and nittch?more". very much more, besides in the next «
Sunday Call, that is if you care anything at all about snappy briTliant j>
n^wsnaners. * . ¦ «A; gas range that could cook for a ho
tel full of people can be purchased of us
for ?45. S. F.Gas and Electric Co. •
The Warsaw (Poland) jail contains a
wholesale bigamist, who is known to have
gone through the marriage ceremony with
seventeen women, all of whom are alive.
The proper thing now 1. to arrange parties
for an evening trip on the new electric cars
to Mill Valley. The fare Is but 40 cents for
the round trip via Sausallto Ferry, and the
trip Is comfortable and highly enjoyable. •
An Evening Diversion.
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on
Fire and Police reported yesterday in fa
vor of amending the ordinance imposing
a fee of $1 per month for rental of flre
alarm tappers, so that firemen and em
ployes of the Departments of Fire and
Electricity, Fire Marshal. Fir j Patrol and
the Pacific Telephone . Company shall be
exempted from paying the charge.
Firemen Need Not Pay Fee.
A delegation from the Sunset district,
headed by C. Dletz, waited on School Di
rector "Walsh yesterday to urge that a
portable schoolhouse be Installed at some
point on Twelfth avenue. Dletz said
there is no schoolhouse between Seventh
and Forty-second avenues and Walsh
stated that If sufficient pupils are found
he will place a portable schoolhouse in
the desired district.
Want Portable Schoolhouse.
According to a decision rendered by
Judge Sea well yesterday In the suit of
the Pioneer Automobile Company for a
writ of mandate compelling the Board of
Public Works to Issue a permit to the
company to erect a frame building on
Golden Gate avenue and Laguna streets,
the Board of Supervisors has no power,
by a special order or resolution, to relieve
any Individual from the operation of a
general ordinance In terms applicable to
all persons. He therefore denies the
company the writ of mandate and sus
tains the action of the board In refusing
to allow the building to be erected.
The plans for the contemplated building
show that its height is to be flfty-four
feet six Inches, or four feet six
Inches higher than the law allows.
When It was first proposed an
application was made to the Board
of Public Works for a building
permit, which was refused. The com
pany then took its petition to the Su
pervisors, who adopted a resolution giv
ing the required permission. The erection
of the building was commenced, but was
Interrupted by the Public Works Board,
which refused to take any cognizance of
the resolution.
Judge Seawell declares the resolution
invalid. He says:
Section 21 of article 1 of the constitution pro
vides that no citizen or class of citizens shall
be granted privileges or Immunities which
upon the same terms shall not be granted to
all citizens. Independently of that prohibition
It has been uniformly held that a municipal
ordinance which la not equal and uniform in
Its operation and discriminates against or in
favor of particular persons Is unreasonable
and void. ,'
My conclusion is that resolution 3SS7 Is in
valid, that It was properly disregarded by tha
Board of Public Works and that the applica
tion for a writ of mandate should be denied.
Board of Works Meets.
The Board of Works yesterday denied
the petitions of Fllnn & Treacy to pave
the roadway of Twentieth street, between
Alabama and Florida, and of C. S. Harney
to pave Cumberland street, between Do
lores and Guerrero.
The offer of B. S. Harris to keep the
City Hall root In repair for one year for
$40 per month was taken under advise
ment.
The board ordered grades to bo changed
at certain , points on Tremont avenue.
Masonic avenue, Boena Vista avenue and
Congress street.
The plans for the grading of the Noe
Valley school lot at Twenty-fouxtn and
Douzlass streets were adopted,
D. T. Sullivan, chief engineer of the
Fir© Department, made a voluntary do
nation of $1COO to the city yesterday. Sul
livan was allowed the amount named by
resolution of the Board of Supervisors to
defray his expenses in attending the na
tional convention of fire department
chiefs at Atlantic City next month and in
inspecting various Eastern departments,
v/hlch he was ordered to do by the Fire
Commission.
Sullivan secured the demand from Au
ditor Baehr and proceeded to the City
Treasurer's office. On presenting his.de
mand to Deputy Treasurer Devoto it was
cashed at once. It was then that Sullivan
presented the money to the city.
"Please give me a receipt for this
money." said Sullivan. "I desire to turn
it back into the Fire Commission's fund.
There ha3 been some objection to my be
ing given this money and the vote of the
Supervisors was not unanimous on the
resolution. I therefore will not take the
money and will pay my own expenses to
the convention." , 4 , ' .
Sullivan was then given a receipt for the
$1000 and this he proudly exhibited to sev
eral friends. The only Supervisor- who
voted against the resolution allowing
Sullivan $1000 was Connor, who, while an
admirer of Sullivan, believed it would be
a bad precedent to establish, as other
city officials might desire the same prlv-
graceful act of Chief Sullivan will
tide over the Fire Commission. in its tem
porary difficulty- of having a deficit of
$1069 In its salary account.
in the State. I contend that all property
in San Francisco has been uniformly as
sessed at a fair basis of valuation by me:
tt least this has been my endeavor. I
know that the data gathered by the State
board or Its agent to justify the raise in
our assesment is unreliable and any con
clusions of whatever ature drawn there
from are worthless, and I am prepared to
show this to the State board when San
Francisco's hearing occurs.
"The following table Is conclusive proof
that San Francisco's assessment has been
Increased out of all proportion to the rest
of the State, and this city should, there
fore, be reduced, not raised:
Assessment . of San Franclscor
1890 1900. 1903.
$300 000 000 $410,000,000 $-127,000,000
Gain ......... 110.000,000 127.000.000
Re«t of 8tate except Los Angeles— - --j.
JtBOO 000.000 $602,000,000 •¦-;. $i42.000.000
¦ Loss ......... 28.000.000 Gain. 52.000,000
Rest of State, Los Angeles Included —
$758 000,000 $760,000,000 $007,000,000
Gain' ......... 2,000,000 140,000.000
The following communication was sent
yesterday by E. P. E. Troy to the Mayor,
Board of Supervisors and Board of
Works, in which he alleges that the
United Railroads is planning to grab the
street of certain blocks >on Geary street
that It may connect the road on that
thoroughfare with Its maip line:
I have reliable Information that fece"^
the United Railroads has had 'ts employes
at work on Geary street, between Taylor and
Kearny. makln* preuaratlons to connect Us
tracks with those now on Taylor » t «« t t»
The purpose of this Is to prepare the Geary
street track and roadway »o the company
can come at nlKht or on Sunday with a large
rane o f men »nd connect Its tracks wlt»
S now on Taylor street. All this work
has been done throush the connivance and
wUh thTconTent of the Geary Street iu itlroad
and so as to make It appear that it was
beinE done by that company.
I believe that the United Railroads intends
to attempt to use that portion of the fran
chl.e STntM the Central Railroad Company
In 1ST9 by order No. 1244. and uhlch ex
cires in 19C9 covering: Taylor street from
Gea?y to Post.' This portion of this francl^ae
has be»n abandoned for over five jeans and
la therefore forfeited, as provided by section
26 article XIV of the charter. % J ?^iCE
The rea«on ot the proposed use of this
street by the United Railroads ia to hamper
and blo;k as ' much as possible the operation
of the municipal road on Geary street, for
which the people are to vote October 8 next.
The use of these five blocks, with those on
Market street. It Is hoped will keep the
municipal road more than ten blocks away
fr<Jm and thus prevent it from reaching the
Further evidence of the opposition of the
United Railroads to municipal ownership of
a street railroad on Geary street U shown
by the signature of that company, by Its presi
dent Arthur Holland, to the petition of the
Geary Street Company for a new franchise,
under the now void provisions of the Infamous
Brouzhton act.
Therefore I earnestly request that you have
policemen stationed day and nlcht and on
holidays on Geary street to prevent any per
son -connecting the United Railroads tracks
with ' those now on this street, and I further
request that you have Injunctions Immediately
Issued to prevent said work beintr done, and
further, that you, as soon as possible, have
suits brought to forfeit all franchises granted
along the line of the proposed municipal road
where the same have been unused.
Fire Chief Sullivan Turns
$1000 Back to the
Treasury.
E. P. E. Troy Complains
of Action of United
Railroads.
They Have No Right to
Issue Special Build
ing Permit.
SUPERVISORS
EXCEED POWER
MAKES DONATION
TO CITY FUNDS
ALLEGES SCHEME
TO GRAB STREET
The recommendation of the Board of
Works that V. Hoffman be granted a per
mit to pave with basalt blocks the side
walk of Sansome street, between Vallejo
and Green, was placed on file.
The commUtee postponed action on the
petition of Roger Johnson for permission
to lay a spur track on Townsend street,
from Java to Third. Johnson would not
state who he represented and the com
mittee thought It should know who want
ed the valuable concession and for what
purpose. Some time ago the Market
street Railway Company applied for a
franchise along the blocks described, but
the application was denied.
The petition of the University Mound
and Bay View Improvement Club for the
removal of obstructions on Twenty-sev
enth avenue south and Railroad avenue
was laid over for one week.
The committee approved the map show
ing the boundaries of the district to be
assessed for grade changes on Jones
street, from Chestnut to Montgomery
avenue; Francisco street, from Leaven
worth to Montgomery avenue, and Ten
nessee street, from Nineteenth to Twen
tieth.
The petition of the Hackmen's Ur.ion
that Mission road, between Onondaga
avenue apd the county line, be repaired
to accommodate vehicular trafnc .was re
ferred to the Board of Works for investi
gation and report, with a recommendation
that the work be done. Similar action
was taken on the petition of Lenormand
Eros, for permission to plank a portion of
Howard street in front of premises No.
7S5 Howard street, on account of the bad
condition of the street.
The committee reported In favor of cer
tain street work on Green street, between
Devisadero and Broderick, and Fair Oaks
street, between Twenty-fourth and Twen
ty-fifth, and of accepting the roadways
of Ashbury street, between Haight and
Page; Lombard street, between Hyde and
Larkin, and Broadway, between Baker
and Lyon streets.
Captain A. H. Payson, vice president of
the Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way system, appeared before the Super
visors' Street Committee yesterday and
urged that immediate action be taken on
the petition of the company for a fran
chise for a steam railroad along portions
of Seventeenth, Mariposa, Seventh, Six
teenth and Hubbell streets for a period of
forty-four years.
Payson stated that the company was
desirous of having the franchise granted
by the present Board of Supervisors and
was averse to any delay in its considera
tion. While appreciating the good laith
of the company, the committee decided
to postpone consideration of the petition
for one week.
Santa Fe Railroad Urges
Street Committee
Not to Delay.
Insolvent Accountant.
Matthew J. Quillinan, an accountant of
San Franclseo, filed a petition In Insol
vency yesterday In the United States
District* Court. He owes '$734 and has no
assets.
WANTS ACTION
ON FRANCHISE
SOX OF WELL KNOWN PIO
NEER OF CALIFORNIA AND
HIS BRIDE.
THE marriage of Gion W r . Gibson
and Miss Jessica Longmire was
celebrated by the Rev. Frank S.
Ford at 6 o'clock ' Wednesday
evening at t«»e parsonage of the
First Christian Church in this city. The
wedding was very auiet. only relatives
and a few intimate friends being present.
Afterward the party partook of an elab
| orate wedding supper at one of the down
i town restaurants.
Mrs. Gibson is the daughter of one of
the early settlers of Glenn County. She
is an attractive young woman with many
charming Qualities and Is very popular
socially in that locality.
The groom is the only son of J. S. Gib
tcn a California pioneer, and an exten
: sive land owner near Williams. Colusa
County. He is a graduate of Stanford
University of the class of '96 and a civil
engineer by profession, though for sev
eral years he has been engaged In manag
ing the larsre ranch of his father. He
is also one of the leading sportsmen of
the State, being the champion wing phot
cf Northern California.
"Even if we. include L03 Angeles, with
its phenomenal growth, with all the other
counties of the State, we find that from
1890 up to and including 1803 the assess
ment roll of all these counties, other than
San Francisco, has Increased only $148,
000,000, while* San Francisco, having only
one-third the population and property of
the State, has alone increased, $127,000,000.
"Now," continued the Assessor, "can
any fair-minded man for one moment Jus
tify the contention that San Francisco's
assessment should be raised, in view of
these facts and figures? Are we not
rather entitled to a reduction ? The duty
of the State board is to equalize the as
sessment • of the various counties of the
State. For them it is not a question
whether San Francisco realty Is assessed
at less than market rates; It should be a
question for them whether or not; San
Francisco property Is assesed on a higher
basis of valuation thr.n is other property
"I shall ask the State board," said the
Assessor, "to grant. San Francisco a re
duction in her assessment and not for a
moment to entertain the idea that San
Francisco should be raised 10 per cent or
any other sum. When it is considered
that during the last thirteen years the
Increase In the roll of San Francisco has
been more than double the increaSfe made
in all the other counties of the State com
bined, it will readily appear how unjust
it would be to raise the .assesment of
this city. Since 1890 the assessment roll
or San Francisco has been Increased
$127,000,009. During this time, a period of
thirteen years, the assessment roll of the
entire State, outside of San Francisco,
Los Angeles County being omitted, has
only increased $52,000,000. During the
same period the increase In the assess
ment of Los Angeles County, including
the large raise made therein this year,
has increased but $97,000,000, and yet Los
Angeles in the past thirteen years. In both
the city and county, has had the most
phenomenal growth in population and
wealth— far gTeater than has San Fran
cisco. l;V>:
WILL ASK FOR REDUCTION.
Various banks have already responded,
stating that It is their custom to loan
more than double the amount on their
appraisement of city lots than they loan
on counry lands.
WIU you kindly give me a written statement
substantiating what I state regarding the prac
tice of savings banks in the case of loans made
in the city r.nd in those made In the country,
that I may use the same to convince the State
board that this practice of the board of
equalizing the assessments of the various
counties in the State on the oasis of mortgage
should be abandoned by them as unscientific,
unreliable and as manifestly unfair to San
Francisco. Very sincerely yours,
WASHINGTON DODGE,
Assessor of San Francisco, i
To the Savings Banks of San Francisco: The
State Hoard of Equalization contemplates a
raise in this city's assessment. This would
be rank Injustice to San Francisco, as com
pared with the rest of th« State, in my opin
ion. *In ten years San Francisco's roll In
creased $110,000,000. During the same time
the entire State, outside of San Francisco, Lob
Angeles omitted, diminished in assessed value
$:*o,ooo.coo.
The board has had data prepared to prove
that San Francisco ougrht to be raised. This
consists of a study of mortgage values with as
sessed | values. Such a method, as you know,
is manifestly unfair to Kan Francisco, as hero
banks loan up to tiu per cent of values at least
on their own valuation, while In the country
loans rarely will be given at over 30 or 40
per cent. Such comparisons of assessed values
with mortgages has for years forced San Fran
cisco to pay more than her share of State
taxes.
"For instance, if country assessments
are as high as the mortgage at 30 per
cent of the value of the property, it Is
regarded as proof that that assessment
is higher than one in San Francisco
would be if slightly less than the mort
gage at 70 per cent of the value of the
property, although as a fact ours would
be assessed twice as high proportionately.
But' why should the board Insist that
property of citizens and taxpayers of the
State should be assessed on a mortgage
basis, unless the board assesses railroad
property on the same basis? Why should
the Board of Equalization insist that a
piece of real estate, mortgaged for $80,000,
be assessed for $S0,000 or more, while It
assesses a mile "of railroad, mortgaged for
$S0.00O, at $25,000 a mile?
"Let us see how this operates. I have
assessed the property of the United Rail
roads in San Francisco for 65 per cent of
the entire assessment, as made by the
State Board on the Central Pacific Rail
road in California, Including the roadbed,
rolling stock, right of way and franchise.
Now, the board has fixed the "assessment
of the" Central Pacific Railroad for the
same amount as last year. If all prop
erty in San Francisco Is raised, then our
taxpayers, including the United Rail
roads, pay more taxes and the Central
Pacific pays still lass. This is for the
reason that the more the State assessment
roll is raised the lower the rate will be,
and therefore the less the taxes will be
on that property not raised In valuation.
In addition, however, to all this, if the
question were only between the counties
alone, the mortgage method Is all wrong
as far as equalization goes, and operates
against our city."
In this connection the/ Assessor is get
ting statements from the banks on this
subject. He has- sent the following let
ter to the savings banks of San Fran
cisco:
WRONG BASIS OF VALUE.
The State Board of Equalization will
consider in Sacramento Saturday the
proposed raise of , the San Francisco
assessment and Assessor Washington
Dodge is preparing to combat vigor
ously the threatened increase. He says
that the data prepared for the equaliza
tion board this year is'the same which
has been the basia for raising San Fran
cisco'B assessment in the past.
"This data," said the Assessor, "con
sists of a comparison of the assessed val
ue of property, in selected pieces only,
with the mortgage thereon. These mort
gages are selected in such a manner as
to make any conclusions drawn thereon
valueless for the purpose of establishing
a basis of assessment for realty through
out the entire State."
In addition to the foregoing reason the
Assessor will vigorously attack this
method of equalization adopted by the
board for other reasons. "It is manifest
ly unfair to San Francisco," said the As
sessor, "and for this reason: It is well
known that the savings banks in this
city loan at least 60 per cent and even
more, often &0 or 90 per cent, on a liberal
valuation of the property, whereas the
same banks, doing a large country busi
ness, will loan only 30 per cent, c+ in rare
cases 40 per cent of their appraised value
of country property. I have letters from
them to this effect. Now, when the State
Board compares the assessment of coun
try property, with mortgage thereon, of
30 per cent of the value of the property,
and then compares the assessed value of
property in San Francisco with the
amount of the mortgage thereon at 60 or
75 per cent of the value of the property.
It can readily be seen how easily San
Francisco property has been overassessed
for years by the State Board, in compar
ison with other counties of the State.
Presents Facts and Figures
for the State Board of "
Equalization.
Assessor Dodge Shows
Why City's Assess
ment Is too High.
FIGHTS AGAINST
PROPOSED RAISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
Miss Jessica Longmire Becomes Happy Bride of
Gion W. Gibson at a Quiet Wedding Held in
the Parsonage of the First Christian Church
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA COUPLE
BECOME MATED IN THIS CITY
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i ,— .
BREWSTER'S
MILLIONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL BOOK STORES
! BUY IT TO-DAY
Dfliorp DON'T FAIL TO
laiUWV see the beautiful
• g COURT Lounging
fltin room, the EMPIRE
U11U PARLOR, thej
r " j " PALM ROOM, the
fTnifld LOUIS XV PAR- I
ui aiiu LOR and the LA _ (
U 1 1 DIES' WRITING!
Hotels 1 5 °om [
A3TUSE2IENTS.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 3:30 P. II.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. ¦ SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton SI.
• LECTURES AND C<f NCZRTS.
EESEEVE TOUB SEATS from 1 to 5 p.
m. Saturday and from 7 p. m.
Sunday at Box Office. -
/£2£&?p STEINWAY HALL,
wJK3?B|jp^5|^ljl "The Marconi of the
//s2*ilZ&i+J lidteta, 25c, 00c. We
A1IUSEKENTS.
GRAND &3I&
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
LAST TV\t> NIGHTS OF
EAYKOND AND CAVEKLT
And Our Superb E»stern Company la
"IN HARVARD"
TO-MORROW— STANFORD UNIVERSITY
NIGHT.
PRICES, 25c. 50c. T5c.' •
Cotnmeacir.if
NBXT SUNDAY NIGHT,
POLLARD LILLIPDTIANCO.
Ia the
4t BELLE OF NBW YORK."
SEATS NOW BEUJXa.
PRICES. 15c. 2Tm\ .'•<*-. 75c. .
Saturday ar.d Sundaj- Matinees. I5c. 2Sc.*5Oe.
TIVOLI^^
TO-NIGHT AND ALIi THIP WEEK.
FATURPAT MATINEE.
Tak* no chance of rr.issir* -the hit of the
Comic Opera Pra»on.
CAMILLA D'ARV"-LE
An4 the entire Tivki Convey la De Keren's
Mastrrrlece.
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
GE15D OPEEA *IA£Ojf OFIKS KEXT WXK.
Mond£>, W«:n«ia>. Friday and Saturday
EvenlrK*.
"« IDA"
TK ,.j,y Thursday. Pundsy Evening*. Satur-
day Matinee.
rori'LAR PRICES— 25c. 50e. T5e.
Telephone Bush 9.
KEOUGH and BALLARD
Pr**«mtin« "A VArDEVILLE SURPRISE;"
The Fleury Trio; Sam Edwards and
Company and Larkins and Patter-
son. Last times of Robert! and
Billoski; Rosie Rendel; John Le
Clair; Heeley and Meely and Lew
Hawkins.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c > Box Seat*
and Opera Chalra. 50r. ¦
I#ULUR?iOIAleacins ikea»?i
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MA TTNEE SATCRDAT.
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
In Richard Harding Darts" Cotnedy,
TflE TAMINOF HELEN.
Vtzt Wwk— Hesry ViCtr tad Xtrg&rtt Aaglia
7 "' CAMILLE
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
fAPjffQJlNIA
R B ' To-Night— To-Moftow Night lflal
tj Lrfjst Time« of (¦ 1
"SHtNANDOAH" |
?7> By the Universally Actcnowl- j
** •:?- 1 . Greatest Stock |
*jQ Cjm 1 -)ir.j' in America. j5O
f t: Sp*>eJal Vat!n«e To-Mornxw, 9JS
I "Mrs. Dane's Defense."
Tl Alto Punday Nijrht and RBB
I Every Nixbt Next Week. IL,
HEATRU
urf[tZ.Pa a BBff 3 &E=i * mater.
VC3B BBS »ir-»us_«_i proprietor*.
Market Street. Near Eiphth— Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— THREE LAST NIGHTS
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
f-jrr.ptuou8 Production of Alexander Dumat"
Masterpiece.
"CAMILLE."
EfGENIA THAI? LAWTON a« CAillLLB.
HERSC1IEL MAYALL a* ARMAND DUVAL.
And Urilliant Supporting Company.
nntrrc Evening* 11>C t0 55°
rKIttO Matinee* 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday. August 31— "THE GREAT RUBY."
ALCAZARTK^T
Gen. Mgr.
1 \J"mHJH 1 • TO-M0BB0W
EXTRA MATiNEE NEXT SUNDAY
Greatest of Rural Comedies.
THE DAIRY FARM
IT IS BREAKING ALL RECORDS:
"It le <Jellcht!ul, and ?'very cne able to secure
scats ia fortunate." — The Newe Letter.
TOUR OPENS SAN DIEGO. .SEPT. 7.
Evk.. 25c to 75c; Matinee*. 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY — Special Season of
FLOBESCE ROBERTS
In THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
First Time in San Franclaco.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
BUT A SHORT TIME LONGER.
I -QUO VASS ISS" and
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS"
Our •"All-Star"' Cast. Including:
KOLB A5»'D DILL.
BARNES BERNARD. .
WIN FIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESERED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 60c and 75c.
Saturday and Hunday Matinees. 25c and 50c
• hlldren at Mat!n«?es. 10c and 25c.
Monday September 7. next ereat double bill
- THE GLAD H/VD" and "THE CON-
QUERORS." Seats now on «ale. ~ -
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
VISIT THE-
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoninc Ark for THE CHUTES.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL Efl fL^&o».
Charles Frohman Presents
...EVERYMAN...
the XV Century Morality Play.
Evening!— Commencing Wed., Sept. 2. at 8:30.
Afternoons — Thursday and Saturday at 3.
-Reserved Seats 12. $1 CO and $1
A * £bcn&&o. CJajr & Co.'b. Now ob sale. I
' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. w^^ w -
NxxNVNNNjr^ Quickly and effectively in all cases of Nervous Headache, Sick Headache,
Snnxnnnnh Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability, Periodic, Bearing-Down
"I could not get along without Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills. They gtr« me almost Instant
¦>^>Os>sNNNJr relief from almost any pain. I give them to all of the children, even the baby, and we feel no
VOvVVvoJ bad effects afterwards, as one does from most remedies."—-
MRS. IRA ALLEN. 208 Indiann Ave- Rlvenlde. Calif.
WvVWvVH "Two years ago I had a severe attack of La Grippe, and vu under the doctor*, car* tat
nve <iays without any relief. Them I bought a box of Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills, and five Fills
NoNNNNoNM cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks to the Pain Pills. I was soon
NN>N\NNNS cured, taking only three of the pills."— JOHN N. PURTTEMAN, Glendale, Ore.
VvvvsV^SJ " l have used Dr< Mil* 9 ' Anti-Pain Pills for a dumber of years, and find that they promptly
NooOvVvxSm relieve ordinary and neuralgiac headache. They give similar relief to my wife." —
NSSSNNN^I D. B. BAKER, Los Anfrelea, Calif.
SnSSXn^sH "Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spells of dun. heavy pains across the
forehead, accompanied with pains in the heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Antl-Pala
VVVVsSoOv^3 PHls very beneficial, one tablet usually being suffldent to stop th« pain." —
NNNNNNNNsH MRS. LEONA ELDER, Wheatland, Calif.
SSS^ooNSjI "I have frequently used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for Neuralgia, and they gtv« speedy
NNNoOOOOsB relief. Also in traveling, am never without them, using them to prevent drowsiness and
>OOoNNNNH headache."— E. L. SANFORD, Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel, Etna Springs, Calif.
VVVxN^^N^ MRS. M. S. TOBEY. who was 11 years postmistress at Carpenterla. Calif., says: •TsuffeTed
¦' NNvV s O < OOV*o5^^ a long time from nervuos headachee. and very severe pain in the back of my neck. Dr. Miles*
#^NN^N^NS\ Anti-Pain Pills brought relief, for which I am very grateful. I am pleased to recommend to«a
s$S§>^ Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, ta Grippe, Pain in Stomach,
Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and Sleeplessness. .
with satisfactory resulta for a number of^ e |"B AI^ jARr># BS catllna Ave.. Pasadena, Calif.
Mi „ e.,v.wt in «n*»ll«» of severe t>aln through the eyes and across my forehead—
Dr Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a box, under a
positive guarantee that the first box will benefit or money refunded.Aurello Herrera,: accompanied by Man
ager "Biddy" Bishop, leave to-night for
Portland. Herrera i« matched to fight
Jack McClelland in tne north on Sep
tember 11. McClelland is one of the oldr.
timers and has been up and down the
line in his class, meeting the best men
at the weight.
The Hayes Valley Club will promote a
boxing show on August 31 at the Me
chanics' Pavilion Annex. For the main
event the club has signed Gus Koster and
James Fox to meet at 158 pounds. This
go will be for the amateur middle-weight
championship of the coast. Al Elklns and
Joe Hill will appear in the special event
at 115 pounds. The balance of the card
is as follows: Harry Williams vs^ Joe
Kelly, . Dick Murray : vs. . Tom , Borsl, Kid
Parker, vs. Ed Gallatln. George Murdock
vs. Joe ; Hall. James McDevitt will ref
eree all the bouts. - ", "
Boxer Herrera Goes North.
' Two stakes will be ryn at Ingleside
Coursing Park, this week. An eighty
eight dog open event will be the feature
of the card. The losers in the first round
will then meet in a consolation num
ber. The draw last night resulted as fol
lows; \
Homer Boy vs. Tom Hurllck: Flora Temple
vs. Sylvan; Miss Grizzle vs. Bonnie Hughie;
Modest Beauty vs. Imperious; Articulate , vs.
Little Mercy; Royal Friend vs. .Idaho Boy;
Belfast ve. Doc Burns; Daxtaway vs. Mount
Rose: Hartean Gladys vs. White Hat; Equator
vs. Fannie Hughie; Beluga vs. Little Lucy;
Sllevenamon vs. Bob It; Full Moon vs. Boco
Girl; Half Moon vs. Krishna; Lulu Girl vs.
Brilliancy; Chili Mara vs. Klttleman; General
De Wet vs. Young Fearless; Haddington vs.
Idle Fellow; Pasha Pleasant vs. Anchor; Moon
beam vs. Our Myra; Remlsso Anlmo vs. J. . C.
Heenan; Luxury vs. Jingle Bells; Terah vs.
Lily Wright: King Death vs. Black Coon; Little
Plunger va. Meddlesome; Emin J3ey vs. Pepper
Jack; Pure Pearl vs. Doreen; Sir Pasha vs.
Shadow: Advance Guard vs. Medley; Fine
Gold vs. Mollle Me; Ragtime vs. Tyrone
Prince; Rlenzl vs. Thetis; Ray Hughie vs.
Lady Flyer; Melroso vs. Rockefeller; Presidio
Bey va. Duhallow: Yellow Tall vs. Snapper
Garrison; Flying Fox vs. Go On; Rock and
Rye v». The Coroner; Lady Menlo vs. East
lafce; Young Rusty vs. Donnybrook; Odd
Eyes ve. Sofa la; Miss Wilson vs. Cascade: Min
nie Sankey vs. Topsy Turvey; Sweet Peas vs.
Ban Juan.
Dogs Beaten in the Pint Round Will
Then Meet in Consolation
Number.
EIGHTY-EIGHT GREYHOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE STAKE
Prince Tuan in Peking 1 .
SHANGHAI. Aug. 27.— Chinese reports
from Peking assert that the banished
Prince Tuan is there incognito and that
he has had several secret interviews with
the Dowager Empress while the Emperor
was asleep.
DOHERTY IS CHAMPION
OF THE UNITED STATES
British Tennis Expert Defeats Lar
ned in a Remarkable "Con
test at Newport.
NEWPORT. R. I., Aug. C7.-II. L. Do
herty of England to-day defeated W. A.
Lamed of New Jersey and to his title
of champion of - England added that of
champion of the United States. The score
was G-0, 6-3, 10-8, in Doherty's favor, and,
although the last set the American play
er made a heroic stand, he was worn out
by the British expert, and failed to hold
him on the eighteenth game.
By defeating Lamed to-day Doherty
completed the clean sweep which he and
his brother have made in this country
this season. Between them they hold both
the singles and the doubles championships
of the United States and England, as well
as having won the Davis International
trophy without the assistance of any
other player. The two brothers hold a
unique position In the history of the
game, a position that no others have ever
approached. y
Doherty won In straight sets, which Is
a great deal of a surprise,' though he
had been considered a dangerous oppo
nent for Lamed because of his two pre
vious victories over the American cham
plon.f His style tt^day had all the quali
ties that have characterized him before,
the one most prominent "being steadiness.
He was outpointed by the American by
the margin of about fifteen In the total,
but kept quietly at work, reaching appar
ently impossible balls and pulling himself
out of hard places.
.Last year the graduates of professional
schools : numbered 16,448,;" of whom 5597
were doctors, 3065 lawyers and 1673 clergy
men.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr ! May
flower, for Boston, via Queenstown; stmr Par
isian, for Montreal, via • Movllle.
8AGRES— Passed Augr 26— Stmr Catenas,
from London, Glasgow I and Liverpool, for Se
attle, f , • . I
QUEENSTCrWN— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr BeM
genland, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia. '
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived Aug 27— Br ship
Carnedd Llewellyn, , from Coqulmbo; Ger bark
Zlon, from AJgoa Bay.
• OCEAN - STEAMERS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ,
. . Thursday, , August 27.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monte
rey and way ports. ,
FOREIGN* PORT. •
Victory seems to come natural enough
to the Cripples whenever they hooki up
with the home team. Yesterday's tri
umph at Recreation^Park was the second
in a row and Peter's followers did not
have to work so hard to earn it at that.
A little batting matinee during the prog
ress of the final round of the day did the
trick. Mr. Whalen's injury also helped
out considerably. Score, Oakland. 4, San
Francisco, 2.
Perhaps If the faithful Jimmy had not
put his ankle out of commission in the
eighth the Cripples "would have had to
struggle for another round or two ere
they put Uncle to rout. Jimmy suffered
bodily injury for a good cause— tying up
the score, so no one will be angry at him
for that.
'Twas a surprise to the multitude when
James opened up the eighth with one of
those old style Texas leaguers to right
field. He should have been out a moment
before, but Messerly "dropped his foul tip
and this incidentally led to tying up the
, score.
Whalen went on to second when Pat
Meany was passed. Then Cap Irwln
roused himself long enough to crack out
his third hit for the day. Whalen dashed
madly. in the direction of the plate. He
hesitated about half way, but Willie
O'Hara was attempting to play Hlndo
juggler with the ball and then Whalen
started to run again. At third he wrench
ed his ankle, but bravely kept on his
course till the rubber was reached and
the score tied.
Jimmy fell exhausted and had to be
carried to his dressing-room. Hodson was
sent out in the thick of the fight and the
Cripples at once began to bombard his
offerings. For a" starter he passed
Francks and then Messerly clouted the
leather over second. Pete Lohman ad
vanced them both with a sacrifice. Moski
man produced a long fly to right field,
which gave Francks ample time to score.
O'Hara came through with the last hit
of the day and Messerly trotted over the
pan. 1
Dr. Mosklman had one of his long
looked for good days on the slab and he
gave a grand exhibition of the pitcher's
art. In only two innings did the natives
get 1 near his offerings. He fielded his po
sition and hit the ball In a way to mako
the hearts of the fair fans beat with de
light.
Rube Levy was badly hurt by being hit
in Wednesday's game and so old Buck
Weaver, who formerly -chased flies for the
opposition team, held the indicator. Buck
was given a hand and he performed well.
No one was rude enough to kick, so the
old man got away with his first game
nicely. The score:
San Francisco — Oakland—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.s.. .'$ 1 0 2 1 OHara.cf 3 0 14 0
Meany, rf 2 0 14 O.Devrx.3b 5 0 0 0 2
IrwIn.Sb 3 0 3 0 6jHiIbrd.lt 4 I 1 4 o
Leahy.c'. 4 0 11 l|Fclmz,2b 3 0 0 3 0
Pabst,lb 4 0 0 16 OiMunlk.rf 3 0 0 0 1
Krug.cf. 4 0 0 2 0'Franks.s 3 1112
Lynch.lf 4 0 0 1 O,M«-ery.lb 3 12 13 1
Delms.2b 4 0 0 t 71 Lohmn.c 3 10 10
Whalen.p 2 110 1 Mskmn.p 4 0-2 13
Hodson.p* 00000
: — Totals 31 4 7 27 15
Totals 30 2 6 2T 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 2—4
Base hits 0 0 1 0 2 2 0 0 2—7
San Francisco ...I 0000001 0 — 2
Base hits ......2 0 t 0 0 - 1 0 2 0 — 5
SUMMARY.
Stolen bnse^ — Messerly. Errors — Shay. Mes
perly. O'Hara. Two-base hit — Mosklman. Sac
rifice hits — Meany. O'Hara (2). Schwartz. Ir
wlii. ¦ Lohman. First base on errors — San
Francisco 1. Oakland 1. -First base on called
balls — Off Whalen 2, off Hodnon 1. off Mos
klman o. Left on basps — San Francisco 6,
Oakland 7. Struck out — By Moskiman 1. Time
of game — 1:40. ¦ Umpire — Weaver.
Messerly was the only man who succeedo-J
Jn stealing a base in yesterday's game.
Henry Krug was the sole player who was
unfortunate enough to strike out.
• The score was tied when Jimmy Whalen was
retired from the game, so according to the
rules the .credit of the defeat is all Hodson'e.
Umpire Buck Weaver did not say what he
thought Ell the time. When a good one would
oome over Buck sometimes called It a ball.
Then he would take It back In a hurry and
yell "Strike 1 ."
Homer Hillebrand seems to be one of those,
players who believes In hitting at every good
ball that comes over the rubber. He will hit
at a good one every time.
Uncle Henry's pitching staff Is In a bad way
right now. Ibenr is sick in bed and Whalen
has his ankle wrenched, " so Hodson, Herr and
Llndsey will hav* to do all the work for a
while or till another pitcher can be un
earthed.
Arthur Hillebrand arrived in town yesterday
and was out at the same. He is a giant in
stature and looks like one of the kind of ball
players to win the hearts of the ladies. Pete
Lohman had a talk with the famous Princeton
athlete and tried to entrage him to pitch for
the Cripples this afternoon. Hillebrand may
consent to work Just to let the fans have a
chance to see what he can do. He will leave
for the East In a day or so.
THIRTY RUHS IN ONE GAME.
Pitchers Have an Unpleasant Spell
in the Box at Sacramento. '
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 27.— Those who at
tended the eame between the Portland
and Sacramento teams this afternoon
witnessed another slugging match. Bak
er, the young twirler whom Manager
Fisher . imported from the north, wa3
knocked out of the box In the second
inning. Butler, the~National Leaguer, re
ceived a like reception in the fifth inning.
Fitzgerald relieved Baker a/id LoucUs
went to the rescue of Butler. Both men
managed In a measure to stop the bom
bardment. Thirty runs In all were scored.
The score:
Sacramento — -.-¦ I Portland —
i AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Casey,2b. 5 1 1 2 ;> Blake.rf . 6 2 2 4 1
Hldbrn,lf 2 2 0 1 \u VBurn.cf 6 2 3 4 O
McL,cf,rf 5 2 4 1 0 Nadau.lf 4 3 1 3 0
Twnsd,lb -i 12-6 0 Andsn,2b 6 3 Z' 0 4
Shehn,3b. 5 12 2 5> Frncls.Sb 3 2 0 1 :i
Dyl.lb.cf 5 118 0;Hlngsw,s 5 .3 .*5 1 .1
Grahm, c 4 12 3 2|Elssy.lb. 4 2 1 13 I
Hogan.s. 5 1 2 1 .EPIess, c... 8 '1 "3 1 0
Baker.p.. 11 10 OjButler.p.. .10 0 0::
Ftzsrld.p 4 0 10 2 Loucks, p 2 12 0 0
Thoms.rf 10 000 J
— — Totals.. 41 19 18 27 13
Totals..41 11 16 24 15!
RUN'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento ......0 0 4 15 10 0 0— II
Base hits 0 0 4 2 6 10 I 2— 1«
Portland ..740 10 2 2 3 x — 10
Base hits G 4 0 1 0 3 1 3 x— IS ¦
SUMMART.
Hits made — Off Baker 10, off FHzserald 8. ,
off Butler 12, off Loucks 4. Errors — Towr.s»nd
.2. ShfrhAn 4. Stolen bases— Xadeau, Ander-c
son, Elsey. Hess. Three-base hits — Doyle. 'Me-
Laughlin. Two-base hits— Nadeau. McLaugh
lln, ¦ HeBa. Fitzgerald. Sacrifice hits — N'adeau
2, , Francis 2 . First baas on errors — Portland
6; First base on called balls — Oft 1 Baker 1. oft
Fitzgerald 2. off < Butler 2, : off . Loucks 2. Left
on banes— Sacramento 7. Portland S. Struck
out— By Loucks il. Hit by pitcher— Elsey.
Double^play*— Francis to~EIs«>y to Francis to
Anderson to Ilolllnjrsworth: Ulake : to - Elsey. 1
9 WIDE "WATER. Va.. Aug. 27.— Professor
8. P. Langley arrived at his airship
houseboat off here to-day. The launching
of the big sixty-foot aerodrome would
ha.e been attempted to-day but for the
etrong wind. The inventor is expected to
remain until to-morrow, when with good
conditions an experiment is probable.
Wind Prevents Aerodrome Launching
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 27.— Hushes won h!s
wmi" to-day by maktnc a home run hit over
the Wt-fleld fence. It was a pitchers' battle
and t*>» few hits were widely scattered. At
tendance, 4100. Score:
Boston 4 4 1
Philadelphia 2 5 2
Batteries — Hughes and Cricer: Plank and
Powers.
NEW YORK. Aut 27. — Up to the close of
the eighth inning in to-day's same the locals
had kept Washington from scoring. The vis
itors found C^sbro'* curves to their liking In
the rlnth inninp. Attendance, 900. Score:
R. H. E.
New York « it 4
Washington 5 7 2
Batteries — Chesbro and McCauley; Orth and
Klttredge.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Augr. 27. — Another double-header
wa» divided here to-day, Boston winning the
first tame and New York the second. Willis
held the visitors to two hits In the first same.
Dexter's home run gave Boston the game. Six
lilts. Including Mertes' double, a pass and a
sacrifice, pave New York the second game. At
tendance, 2900. Scores:
First game*- ,«., ; R. H. E
Boston 3 5 3
New York 12 1
Batteries — Willis end Moran; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpires — Hurst and Moran.
Second game — R. H. E.
Boston 1 7 t 2
New»York 7 11
Batteries — Pittinger and Moran ; McGlnnfty
and Warner. Umpires — Hurst and Moran.
Aug. 27.— The* game between
Brooklyn and Philadelphia, the'greater part of
which was played in a drizzlinc rain, resulted
In a victory for the home team throurh the
wIMneps of the visiting pitchers. Attendance,
1200. Score:
Brooklyn ¦ 11 7 5
Batteries — Mitchell. Duggleby and Dooln;
Schmidt. R«!dy. Garv!n and Jacklltsch. Um
pir«»-O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 27. — Cincinnati had no
trouble in taking the first game of the series
from Chicago. Wicker was knocked out of the
box In the third inning and replaced by Lund
rren. The feature was Corcoran's work at
ehort. Attendance, 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati .^ R 13 1,
Chicago 1 c :;
Batteries— SudhofT and Peltz; Wicker, Lund
gren and Kline. Umpire — Johnston.
STEAM AUTOMOBILE RACES
CRESCEUS TO A RECORD
George H. Xetcham's Great Horse
Makes Fast Time Over a
Half-Mile Track.
DAYTON, O., Aug. 27.— A new world's
trotting record of 2:08% for a half-mile
track was made by George. H. Ketcham's
Cresceus this afternoon. Ketcham drove
Cresceus was paced by Mike the Tramp,
a runner, and by a steam automobile.'
rhe previous record for a trotted mile on
i. half-mile track was 2:09*4 and was
3iade by Cresoeus at Kansas City two
treaVs ago. Owing to the short turns in
:he track Cresceus broke eighteen spokes
n one sulky wheel in making the turn,
md It was feared he had injured him
self a bit. Whether the fears are well
founded or not will develop in his exhi
bition to-morrow.
Many thousand dollars' worth of rail
•oad tickets were under water in the
Union depot. Boll your transportation.—
fCansas City Star.
Pitchers' Battle Results in Victory
for Boston on the Philadel
phia Grounds.
AMERICAN' LEAGUE.
HUGHES WINS HIS GA3VIE
BY A HOME-RUN HIT
FIVE HITS NET FOUR RUNS.
Hall of Los Angeles Goes to Pieces
in the Ninth.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 27.— Up to the
ninth inning in to-day's game Hall pitch
ed effectively. Just when he seemed
strongest trfe visitors fell upon his de
: livery for five hits, netting four runs.
Barber pitched a remarkably strong game
at all times. Phenomenal fielding saved
him at several stages. Lumley, in cen
ter, cutting oft two runs'" in the fourth
by a circus catch, which enabled him to
complete a double play by throwing to
second. Again in the seventh Lumley
took a line drive from Cravath's bat that
would have struck the fence six feet from
the ground. McDonald had an unusually
busy day In deciding close plays at criti
cal stases. Attendance 1600. Score:
Los Angeles — Seattle —
AB. It. H. P. A AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.ef... 4 0 15 «> Tjnley.cf .12 2 5 1
Whelr,3b 3 0 1 ?. 1 Mohlr,2b. .1 2 .1 4 2
Corbtt,2b 4 0 2 2 1 nrshr.lb. 5 1 2 1O O
Dillon.lb'l O 1 7 O''.Smth,lf5 O 1 2 O
Cravth.rf 4O110 Zlnssr.rf. 4 0 1 1 O
P.oss.lf.. 4 0 » 4 lAndrw.3b4 0 10 3
Tonian.ss 3 O ft 1 . Dolan. ss. 3 0 0 0 3
Sples.c... 3 0 0 4 2Byers,c. 3 10 4 1
Hall.p... 3 110 2 Barber.p. 4 0 0 13
Totals 32 1 7 27 iol Totals 38 « 10 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY 1NXIXGS.
Seattle 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 O 4— «
Base hits 2 O1OOO11 5—10
Los Angeles 0 OOOOOO1 O—l
Base hits 1 0010103 1—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Mohler. Errors — Corbett, To
man (2). Dolan 12). Hoy, Wheeler. Two-ba»e
hits — Hoy and Corbett. Sacrifice hits — Wheel
er. C. Smith. First base on errors — Los An
geles 2. First base on called balls — Off Bar
ber 1. Left on bases — Los Angeles 6; Seattle
8. Struck out— By Barber 4;. by Hall 2. Hit
by pltchei" — Dolan. Bytrs. Double play — C.
Smith to Mohler. Time of game — 2 hours. Um
pire — McDonald.
Opposition League Will Continue.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 27.— The magnates
of what is left of the Paciflc National
Baseball League held a conference this
evening. Those attending the meeting
were President Lucas, Managers Williams
of Spokane. Reynolds of Salt Lake, Dug
dale of Seattle and Lane of Butte. Jack
Grim Is also in the city and presented a
proposition from Ogdcn for next season.
The question of finishing the season was
decided unanimously In ravor of going
ahead with the league until the first
part of October. It Is likely the season
will end the second week In October and
with games divided as equally as possi
ble between the four towns remaining.
The league will be continued next year
with -six clubs. These will doubtless be
Butte. Spokane. Seattle, Salt Lake, Van
couver and Whatcom.
Hawthorne Stewards Fine the Owner
of the Track for Attacking
a Spectator.
PUNISH "BIG ED" CORRIGAN
FOB A BRUTAL ASSAULT
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.-Edward Corri«an.
"Master of Hawthorne," waa punished
to-day. by the stewards of h!s own track
for h!s assault on a spectator named
Schoencr. This occurred in the Haw
thorne grandstand on Tuesday, after
Jockey Milton Henry had dismounted
from Corrlgan's horse, Hargis. a public
favorite, which lost. The punishment
meted out to Corrigan by Judge Bryan
"and his associates came In the form of a
WOO fine.
In addition to fining Corrigan, Jockey
Henry and Beauford Durnell, the latter
a brother of "Boots" Durnell, were each
assessed 5100. Uke the "Master of Haw
thorne," Henry and Durnell were al3o
found guilty of slugging within the in
closure of the racetrack.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race^ — Catherine Chinn, Red
Raven, Brimful.
Second race — Banwell, Cognomen,
Glisten.
Third race — Rankin, By Ways,
Louisville.
Fourth race^ — Peter Paul, Witch
craft, Katie Powers. -
Fifth race — Lodestar, O'Hagen,
Fonsoluca.
Sixth race — Ancke, Brush By, Mr.
Dingle.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— Hawthorne entries:
First race, six furlongs— Fullback 115 Pom
pey 112. Fe<Hl Bill 112, Don't Ask Me 110
Catherine Chlnn 110, Ked Itaven 10ft, The Me
teor 108. Egg Nogg 10S, Snowdrift 107. Du
randel 105, Brimful 105. Tabellarlus 105
Boundary 105, Chief Ahola 105, Grayville Iot!
Second race, five and a half furlongs sell
ing—Soldier of Fortune 108. Alllsta 105, Susie
Christian 105. Sol Smith 105. Chockayotte 105,
Lawndale 105. Pond 105, Banwell 102, Louise
Melning 102, Shaltan 102, Glisten 100. Grange
man 100, Cognomen 9".
Third race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Rankln 99. Lady Kent 9S. By Ways fil,
Louisville 04, Star Cotton 00. Dutch Carter fK).
Fourth race, five furlongs — Peter Paul 115.
Witchcraft 112. Oudon 10S, King Ellsworth
10C. J. W. O'Neill 10-r Miss Coughlln 103,
Plautus 103. Katie Powers 103.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing — Charlie Grainger 109, Give All 107. Lode
star 107. Pat Morrlssey 107, Greenock 105. Ida
V 105. O'Hagen 105. Urchin 105, C. B. Camp
bell 104. Moor 102. Fonsoluca 102. Barrica 100,
Lou Woods 100. Gracious 100, Dodie S 08.
Sixth race, one mile — Pirateer 110. Wolfram
104. Sherry 104. Mr. Dingle lO. 1 ?. Ancke 102.
Christine A 102. Sr.llor's Dream 100, Brush By
08. Fair Lady Anna 08.
Weather cloudy: track heavy.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 27.— Following is a
summary of to-day's races at The Meadows:
2-1° trot — Won by Sweet Marie In two
straight heats; Mac-Mac second, Berny K.
third. Best time. 2:15U. , ,
Debut stakes for 2-year-old pacenj — Lovelaco
won in two straight heats. Free Love and
Mamie C. divided second and third. Best
Seven "and' a half furlongs— Knocking* won,
Bassenzo second. El Oriente third. Time,
Six* furlongs — King Herald won. Reciprocity
second. Avator third. Time. 1:16.
Four and a half furlongs^ — Amasa won, Mad
ame Bishop second. Esplrando third. Time,
:5.">*4.
Mile — Chub won. Fondo second, Peppersauce
third. Time, l:43 l i.
Six furlongsr^Tellowstone won. Laureate
second Lone Fisherman third. Time, 1:14%1
Wild oitch — Baker. Time of game — 2 hour*
and 15 minutes. Umrlre — McConneU.
Racing at The Meadows.
The pacing stake was virtually In the
nature of a walkover for Seymour M,
which brought $20 in -the pooling done,
against JS for Friskarina. and My Way.
Driven by O. Spencer, the baby "wlggler"
led from the word in each heat. In the
second heat My Way was distanced.
Tom Smith, with J. W. Zibble In tha
sulky, and a pronounced favorite over the
other three starters, came awful, awful
close to being distanced in the first heat.
All interest in the race waa eventually
lost because of it being allowed to drag:
through the greater portion of the after
noon. This also spoiled the betting, for
the San Francisco contingent waa com
pelled to leave before the race was over
in order to catch the returning train.
The drivers displayed about as much ani
mation as potato peddlers and then the
friends of the harness*, horse cannot see
why the running horse game Is so popu
lar. If each owner or driver of a harness
horse did not imagine that he carried
around one great show under the one big
canvas, things might be different. Rozelle
captured the first heat with comparative
ease. Tom Smith making a break soon
after the word was given. In the next
heat Rozelle tossed off a boot and was
fortunate In not being declared distanced,
as he ran for nearly half a, mile, the fa
vorite, Tom Smith, scoring without effort.
With the pooling business at a standstill.
Tom Smith v was unsteady again In the
third heat, and Rozelle Jogged home
ahead of Forrest W. The fourth and de
ciding heat also fell to Rozelle. During
the meeting at Los Angeles last fall the
winner took a heat in a race quoted at
odds of 50 to 1.
Y7 summart.
First race: three-year-old trottin* atAke
heats. 3 in 5: value $600.
Tuna. b. f. by James Madlson-Itnna (H.
Sanders) 4 1 i l
Little Branch, h. t. by Nntwood-
Wilkea (Cecil) 18 2 2
Duplicate, blk. c. bv McKlnney (J.
Smith) 22 5 4
D. E. Knight, b. g. by Lynmont (Abies) 3 4 3 5
Owynix. b. c. by Owyhee (Hodges)... S 5 4 3
Time — 2:22%. 2:24%, 2:26U. 2:24!4.
Second race; two-year-old Daclnz division-
Breeders' Futurity stakes; heats, 2 In 3; Talus
$750.
Seymour M. b. c. by Diawood-Nancy H
(Spencer) j«
Friakarina. br. t. by Bayswater-Wllkn
(Hoy) ....' 2 2
My Way. gr. t. by Stoneway fWalton).... 3 a
¦ Time— 2:27%. 2:23.
Third race; free-for-all trottlns stake: hemta.
.1 in 3; value $500.
Rozelle. gr. gr. by Bob Maaon (Sampsell) 1 4 t I
Tom Smith, br. h. by McKlnney (J. W.
Zibble) 4 j 4
Forrest W. br. g. by Wayland W (Crln) 2 2 2
Grace McK. br. m. by McKInney(Hdgs> 3 3 3
Best time, 2:17*4.
F. E. MtTLHOLLASTD.
The long end players had their fingers
scorched over the downfall of Tom Smith,
first choice for the free-for-all trot, the
race going to Rozelle, a Southern Cali
fornia product.
There was a time, just after th» first
heat, when those who put up $20 on Tuna
to win the three-year-old trot against S3
for the field felt a tritle nervous. The
filly, which is a prominent candidate for
the Occident stake to be decided on Mon
day next at Sacramento, made a "Jimmy"
on the back stretch In the opening heat,
finishing fourth. Little Branch, over
which Cecil held the ribbons, won the
heat in 2:22% from Duplicate. The frlenda
of Tuna, however, were loyal and again
came back with the collateral to bet at
the same odds.' The daughter of James
Madison justified their confidence by tak
ing the next three heats. Little Branch
was the contender In both of the last
two heats, and the first choice had noth
ing in reserve at the close of either.
There were many who predicted that
Swift B will take her measure In the
Occident stake.
As the card was not glowing with start
ling features, the second day of the breed
ers' meet did not attract as large a crowd
as on the preceding day. Tuna, a pro
nounced favorite and driven by Henry
Sanders, a brother of "Two-minute" San
ders, the trainer and handler of l*ou Dil
lon, took the three-year-old trotting stake.
Seymour M, another top heavy choice,
was returned an easy winner of the staka
for baby pacers.
PETALUMA. Aug. 27.— As a sort of In
troductory overture to the trotting and
pacing events at Kenllworth Park to-day
the pacing mare Alone, with a record of
2:09V4, wai sent an exhibition half mile.
Driven by" her owner, T. Barstow, and
accompanied by a runner, she stepped
the distance in 5D^ seconds, which awak
ened ouite a show of enthusiasm.
j Special Dispatch to Th-* Call.
(Paciflc Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles.84 47 .G45 Portland ...58 66.470
ban Fran... .75 HI .54'J Seattle 55 72.433
Sacramento.. 67 C5 .SOW Oakland 57 85.402
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jfcckey. St. « Fin.
4 to 1— Lodestar, 106 ( Adkins)... 3 3 1 y>
1 to 2— Callant. 109 ( Wonclcrly) . . 1 1 2 7
20 to 1 — Senator Matts^ 107 (Otis) 5 2 3 0
Time. 1:53 1-5. Start .good. Won driving
Winner, C. C. McCafferty's ch. g. by Midlo
thian-Starlight. The Ladaean 110, Sharpless
109, Myth 102. alto ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — Sidny C. Love. 9fl (Robins) 2 2 1 U
3 to 5 — Schwalbe, 105 (Wilson)... 1 1 2 12
20 to 1 — Jove, 95 (Williams) 4 3 3 20
Time, 1:44. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner, E. G. Stutte's ch. c. by Dr Rice-Con
stance IV. Larimore 91 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 5 — Sar.dlne, 02 (Wilson) 14 11
9 to 10— Skilful. 110 (H. Phillips). 4 2 2 \U>
15 to 1— Lady Kent, 100 (Holbrook 2 3 3 2
Time. 1:17 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corripan's ch. m. by Bassetlaw-
Sardonyx.- Bensonh'uret 97 also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles. Ex
celsior handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Judge Himes. 110 (Otis) . . 5 4 12
7 to 1— Orsina. 113 (BIrkenruth).. 4 12 3
13 to 5 — Serge. 104 (Helgesen) 3 3 3 1%
Time. 1 :5h 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's ch. c. by Esher-Lulla
by. Linguist 115. Postmaster. Wright 116, also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Muresca, 08 (Adkins) 1111
2 to 1 — Ra«r Tag. 10S <Otis) 4 2 2 1
9 to 1 — Censor. 103 (Wilson) 3 4 3 h
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. D. Miller's br. f. by Prestonpans-
Mura. Zyra 9S, Dorothy Lee 103, also ran.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Judge Himes, the
homely son of Esher-Lullaby, proved
easily the best of a fair Held in the Ex
celsior handicap, the feature of the Haw
thorne card to-day. The colt was second
choice in the betting at 3 to 1, in going
made to order for him. Despite this fact,
Serge was made favorite at 13 to 5, backed
from 4 to 1.
Orsina shot to the front at the start and
led by a good margin well inside the final
sixteenth' pole. Judge Hlmes had been in
fourth place all the way and when Otis
called on him he mowed down his* field
easily and won going away.
What looked like a good card was
ruined by numerous scratches. The track
was a sea of 'mud, the weather was
threatening- and the attendance small.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs,
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Mlsa Mollle. 105 (H.Phlps) 4 11 l',i
. « to 1 — Caroburn. 105 (F.Kelly).. 6 2 2 1
12 to 1— Sauerkraut, 105 (Wilson). 8 5 3 2
Time. :58. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, FVed Cook's b. t. by Pardee-Miss C.- Ala
mode 106. Nellie Cromwell 105. Our Chap 105,
Cropple 100, Domino Whist 105, Francis
Yowcll 105, Tribune 105, Logan Queen 105, also
ran. Nellie Ban 105 fell.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
TJire. 1:49. Start had. Won easily. Win
ner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'* b. c. by Strome-Hen
rletta. Water Tower 10C also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; *ellin«r: three-year
r.Vls and upward.
Bettinp. Horse., Wipht. Jockey. St. a; Fin.
8 to 5 — Highlander, lit (Redfern).3 3 1 3
5 to 1— Dark Planet. 86 (McCffrty) 112 5
8 to 1— Past. 101 <De Souse) 2 2 3
FIFTH RACE— Five ana a half furlongs;
handicap: three-yrar-olds.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockry. St. »i Fin.
6 to 1 — Rac» Kin;. 119 fOdom).. 5 3 1 n
9 to S — Long Shot. 120 ,(J. Martin) 2 2 2 1»;
10 to 1— Avcnc»r, I1fi ( Hicks) 6 5 3 2"
Time. 1 :CS 2-\ Stift fair. .Won driving.
Winner. O .L. Ric-hr.r<V ch. c. by Tenny-Ord
lett. Plroutte 109. Bath Beach 114, Mordella
114. also ran. ,
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles
Raranac handicap for three-year-olds.
Betting. Hor?e, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin
4 to 1*-Molly Brant, 100 ( J.Martin) 3 112
9 to 5— Short Hose. 120 fOdom)... 5 2 2 4
8 to 1 — Grey Friar. 112 (Burns)... 2 3 3 h
Time. 1:68 1-0. Start good. Won easily,
"Winner. J. Panford's ch. f. by Cllfford-Ballyroe
Africander 127. Sheriff Bell 105. Girdle " 102,
a!. c o ran.
Time. 1 :09 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, Wnideck stable'* b. e. by Requltal-
Voltario. Champlain 114, Aurumaster 111.
Long Spur 114. Monochord 111, Mountebank
114, Bally Castle ll£ also ran. y
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; for
maiden two-year-old*.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. 6t. K Fin.
13 tQ-5— Requiter. 114 (Odom) 7 3 1 h
6 to 1— Msnadnock. 114 (J.Martin) 2 B 2 1
C to 1— Dutiful. 114 (Fuller) 1 1 3 h
SECOND RACE— -One mile; handicap; all
ages.
I>ttinc Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Rostand. 108 (Fuller) 3 111%
9 to 5 — Hurstbourn*. 120(J.Martn) 2 2 2 4
10 to 1— Lord Advocate.05 (McCffy) 13 3 6
Time, 1:42 1-6. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. Hampton stable's b. o by Russell-
Galena IJ. Corrican 115 also ran.
SARATOGA, N. T.. Aug. 27.— When the
barrier arose for the last time this sea
son at Saratoga track two of a field of
four horses were in motion. They were
outsiders in the betting— Past and Dark
Planet. Highlander, sour of temper and
vicious, was the favorite, while "Water
Tower, second choice, had been made the
medium of heavy play.
Past and Dark Planet were sent on
their way to their backers' rejoicing by
the starter, while Highlander and Water
Tower were standing still. The assistant
starters plied their whiplashes industri
ously and the two laggards sprang for
ward, but before going half a dozen yards
they bumped together and Water Tower
bolted to the outside of the track. Fuller
seemed too dazed to handle his horse,
which did not get into his stride until
Highlander was 200 yards away with
Past and Dark Planet half a 'dozen
lengths in front of him. Water Tower
was hopelessly out of the race. High
lander seemingly was beaten, but he went
on, and. running in marked contrast to
the work he did two days ago, won the
last event of the year. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
Betting. .Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
3 to 2— Foxy Kane. 109 (Fuller).. 1113
10 to 1— S. and Gartr. 9C (McCffty) « 6 2 V
5 to 1— Paul Clifford. 110 (J.Mrtn) 5 2 3 2
Time, 1:15. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, J. L. Hayman's ch. c. bv Onondaga-Patty
of Cork. Biserta 108. Choate 10S. Cardigan
110. L. Radnor 10S, also ran.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call
KINLOCH PABK ENTBIESr
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27.— Kinloch Park entries:
or F1 r? 1 ™cc. ate furlongrs. selling— Requisition
»5, Mamie IteilV 90, The Advocate IPO Re-
Jolce 90, Ultra Vires loo. SIgnora Pelrson 95.
A. vTruant 97. Offset 05, Crime 100, Mag
honl 100.
Second race, five and a half furlongs. purse-
By Right 85. Bird Pond 102. Quaker Girl 104
Falkland 107, Ocyrohe 107, Bustler 104. Our
Llllie 99, Atlas 106, Kilo 105.
Third race, six furlongs, > purse — Decoration
105, Hemlock 102. Budweiser "102. Behoove 95
Stub 102, Harry Griffith 102. Brookston 10*'
Irby Bennett 105. Sid Silver 107. King Rose 10"'
Fourth race, one mile, handicap — Old Ston«
tw, Mllkirk 93. Rainland 118. Forehand *113
Hugh McGowan 09, Dr. Cartledce 96. (Mll
kirk and Forehand, Bennett entry.)
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Aransas
100, D'Arcy 95. Leila Barr 103, Stln* 98
Countess Clara 9S. Legation 103, Tenny Belle
103, Ix>u Clleveden 103. Tancent 103 Eliza
Cook 105. Ladas 109, Latson 107, Eleanor
Howard PS, The Stewardess 1C5.
Sixth rare, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Ada N 105. Hflen Print 101. Flintlock 10:>
Light Opera 101. Rollick II 101, Pourquol Pas
90. Montana Peeress 0C, Do Reszke IOC.
, Weather cloudy: track heavy.
KINLOCH PARK SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Maghoni, Crime, Re
joice. , * ¦
Second race — Quaker Girl, Kilo,
Ocyrohe.
Third race — Stub, Budweiser, Har
ry Griffith.
Fourth race — Rainland, Old Stone,
Dr. Cartledge,
Fifth race — Tenny Belle, Sting,
Tangent.
Sixth race — Light Opera, Rollick
II (no third horse).
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles
sel'ins:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin
8 to 1— Exapo, S9 (Howell) 6 1 l K
20 to 1 — Chickasha. 90 (Jackson).. 2 5 2 3
5 to 1— South Breeze, 100 (Perkns) 6 S 3 1
Time, 1:59. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. J. J. Ogles' b. c. by Exile-Apology. False
08, Satin Coat 103, Marcos 100, Menace 107
Neversuch 9(J, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Custus. 107 (Bybee) 1113
10 to 1— Stub. 95 (Sinclair) 6 2 2 6
7 to 1 — Dolly Gray, 00 (Austin).. 5 4 3'2
Time, 1:18»4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. Q. Booker's ch. *. by Frsntman-
Popgun. Sweet Dream 1C5, Kitty Cut a Dash
90, Joe Buckley 100, Ladas 110, Betmuda 90,
Brown Vail 07, Once More 104. Brookston 97,
King Rose 103, Wilhelmlna 100, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
handicap: i -
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Macy. 100 (Higgins) 1 1 1 15
7 to 6— Jordan. 115 (Sheehan) 4 2 2 12
7 to 2 — Evea G, 87 (L. A. Jackson) 5 3 3 15
Time, 1:58%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. Lazarus' b. h. by Hindoo-Alga. L'lght
Opera 102, Elrlo Shannon 97, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Bride. 105 (Smith) 3 4 1 n
5 to 1— Sadie Burch, 105 (Austin) 4 1 2 h
4 to 1 — Interrogation, 105 (Sheehn) 2 3 3 2
Time, 1 :05. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, A. H. Pendleton & Co.'s ch. f. by Service-
Duchess IV. Potter 108, Ario 103. Bandillo 103.
Frank Collins 100, Tlomalne 105, Haven Run
108, Alice Morgan 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Joclcey. St. «i Fin.
5 to 2— Dave Somers.102 (HlRgrlns) 3 116
12 to 1 — Budweiser. 87 (Perkins).. 5 4 2 l'J
0 to 5 — T. KIngsley. 107 (Austln).ll 5 3 4-
Tlme, 1:31. Start good. Won easily.. Win
ner. W. W. Elliott's br. c. by -Hindoo-Lady
Beth. Pilear 105 Aules 1C8, Countess Clara
07. Cialea 1C2, Prince Herman 98, Nilgar 09,
Pilaster 101, Little Henry II D7, also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 27.-VRain fell at Kin
loch Park after fhe third race to-day and
the track was made a sea of mud. Jor
dan, a heavily played favorite for the
fourth race, the feature event of the
day, was disgracefully beaten by old
Macy. The latter was in his. element and
won easily by. fifteen lengths.
The third race developed the only close
finish, Bride winning by a nose from
Sadie Burch. The track was sloppy, the
weather, rainy and tire attendance fair/
Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
purse:
tfetlins:. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. •?; Fin.
2 to 1— Ben Adkins, luT (Higgins) 2 1 1 1>4
8 to 5— Old Stone. 105 (Smith).. 13 2 8
20 to 1 — Foxy Grandpa, 105 (Austn) 3 2 "7
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Dockery's ch. c. by Donald A-My
May. Milkirk 105, Folles Eergeres 107, also
ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
In the second round Mrs. Clark fell to
pieces, losing the match at the fourteenth
hole. Miss Dolbeer and Miss Hately
played a close and Interesting match, the
former's medal score for the first round
being 44 and the latter's 46. Miss Hately
made the seventh hole in threft and Miss
DoJboer made the sixth in three. To
morrow afternoon the final round over
eighteen holes for the Del Monte women's
cup will be played between Miss Edith
Chesebrough and MIfs Bertha Dolbeer.
The first half of the seventy-two-hole
match for the open championship of the
Pacific Coast Golf Association will be
played to-morrow. The following profes
sionals have entered and will be paired
with amateurs to-night; Robert John-
Ftone of the San Francisco Golf Club,
George Smith of the Oakland Golf Club.
F. J. Reilly of the Burllngame Country
Club, Alexander Bell of the San Rafael
Golf Club and W. Welch of Santa Bar
bara. The amateurs whose entries have
been received are Captain J. S. Oyster.
J. W. Byrne. W. Fredericksoa and Dr.
W. M. Carpenter. The last named is a
member of the Oakland Golf Club and
reached Del Monte to-day.
In the afternoon the second or semi
final round of the competition for the Del
Monte cup for women was played. Miss
Chesebrough winning 5 up, 4 to play, from
Mir. J. R. Clark, and Miss Dolbeer beat
ing Mi59 Margaret Haiely 4 up. 3 to play.
Mrs. J. R. Clark and Miss Chesebrough
played closely on the first nine holes, six
of them being halved, two won by Miss
Chesebrough and one taken by Mrs.
Clark.
MOXTE. Aug. 27.— The golf team
match. Northern California vs. Southern
California, nine men on each side, was
von to-day by the northern men by the
small margin of * up. Until the returns
from th« last match between J. J. Crooks
cf San Rafael end P. R. Wilson of Los
Anfeleg were Jn the issue was In doubt,
th» ecore standing 14 all. J. J. Crooks
beat his opponent 3 up.
The Individual scores were as follows,
the northern man being the first named
of each couple: Dr. C. H. Walter, 0, vs.
W. Frefierickson, 7; A- O. Harvey, 0, vs.
C E. Orr, 1; Captain J. S. Oyster, 2. vs.
J. A. Jevre. 0; H. M. Hoyt. 3, vs. E. B.
Tufts, 0; J. W. Byrne, 6, vs. J. E. Cook.
0; Dr. J "5~ Clark, 0. vs. A. H. Braly, S;
Douglas Grant, 3, vs. W. W. Butler, 0;
A. S..LlIley. 0, vs. J. F. Saxtori. 3; J. J.
Crooks, 3, vs. P. R. Wilson. 0.
match was over thirty-six holes,
et which eighteen were played In the
morning and eighteen in the afternoon.
The total number of holes won during the
£ay by the northern team was 17, and by
the southern team 14. The greatest lndl
\ifjnal gain for the winners was made by
J. vV. Byrne, who, after being 1 down in
his match with Cook on the morning's
play, ended € up. For the losers the
greatest gain was made by W. Frederick
son, who has quite recovered his game,
making the morning round in 73 and the
afternoon round In 73. He scored seven
holes against Dr. C. H. Walter, the run
ner up for the Del Monte cup. The hand
some trophy, presented la 1901 by J. W.
Eyrne, becomes the property of the
Northern California Golf Association. It
will be kept in the clubhouse of the San
Francisco Golf Club, of which five of the
winning team are members.
Hods on Then Goes to Work
and Pete's Men Proceed
to Make Runs.
Bride Wins From Sadie Burch
in Closely Contested
Gi^es Backers a Scare by
Finishing Fourth in the
First Heat.
The Massachusetts. 12:12 class, trotting:
purse $13,000; best three In five— Billy Buck
won the second third and fourth heats In
2:07% (State record), 2:0S>4. 2:0»ij. Swift
won the first heat In 2^)8H- Caspian. Haw
thorne, Mary D. Llverton. George . Muscovite.
Authoress, El Milago, Frances B. Walnscott
and Judee Cullen also started.
2:20 class, trotting; purse $1500: best two in
three — Queen Wllkes won two straight heats
In 2:11>4. 2:ll'i. Dodie K. Ida Gray. JCa
mares, Albert O, Lizzie A, Deadwood. Trtco.
Dark Secret. Tonsa. Bermuda Maid. Dream
wold,Oxford Boy and Kyrllllc also started.
2:16 class, trotting; purse $3000: besV hr ««
in five— Mazetto won the first, fourth and fifth
heats in 2:00, 2:11. 2:10%. Jay McGregor
won the second and third heats In -•<*>?*•
2:06tf. Lady Tatchie. John Mac. Mlllard
Stiunders. Navldad. Horace "W. Wilson and
Direct View also started.
"The Tyro." three-year-olds: $2000; best two
In three — Sadie Mac won two straight heats in
2:12.%, 2:15. Mary Gage, Blossom, Oakley-
Baron and Sporty also started.
Dan Patch paced each of the first three
quarters of his mile in exactly 30*4 sec
onds and the final In 29% seconds, making
the mile in 2:00%. Summary: . -
READVILX.E,, Mass.. Aug., 27.— About
12.000 persons attended the Grand Circuit
races to-day at Readvllle. The condi
tions were not perfect for extremely fast
time. Billy Buck ruled the favorite for
the $15,000 Massachusetts stake. Swift
won the opening heat handily by a length
from the favorite. He looked likely to
take the second heat until near the three
quarters pole, when he fell back, beaten.
Scott Hudson made a stiff bid for the
heat .wfth Hawthorne, but Billy Buck
managed to land at the wire first by a
narrow margin. Again in the stretch in
the third heat the roan mare looked dan
gerous, but at the distance she went to a
bad break. Buck winning by a length
over Caspian. Andrews tried . Swift once
more in the fourth heat. He led to the
seven-eighths pole, when Billy Buck
raced past him, Swfft being half a length
back when the wire was reached. -
Dan Patch Fails in Attack
Upon His Own Pacing
Record.
Miss Chesebrough and Miss
Dolbeer in Final for
Women's Cup.
Numerous Scratches Ruin
the Promised Card at
Hawthorne.
Past and Dark Planet Get
Away First, but Are
Overhauled.
Takes the $15,000 Mas
sachusetts in State
Record Time. <
Favorite Wins Closing
Event at Saratoga
Track.
Issue Is in Doubt Until
the Last Players
Report.
Easily Disposes of Her
Field in Stake at
Petaluma.
Son of Esher - Lullaby
Wins the Excelsior
Handicap.
Jordan, Heavily Played
Favorite, Beaten at
Kinloch. \
Whalen Wrenches Ankle
While Tying the
Score.
CLASSIC STAKE
FOR BILLY BUCK
CRIPPLES RALLY
IN LAST INNING
TUNA MAY WIN
THE OCCIDENT
NORTHERN MEN
WIN GOLF MATCH
VICTORY FALLS
TO JUDGE HIMES
MUDDY TRACK
FAVORS MACY
LAST RACE GOES
TO HIGHLANDER
SPORTS OF TROTTING AND RUNNING TURF, BASEBALL, BOXING, GOLF, TENNIS, COURSING
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. AUGUST 28. 1903.
8
c ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The- selfsame quality which en- I
I deared Blatz beer to lovers of the S
I beverage fifty yrars ago has been R
I maintained to this day. While 9
I the .facilities have been vastlv r
I Improved Blatz principles have K
f. been steadily adhered to. It'i the S
" beverage for all — and a most log- B
[ VAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE f
Brauflschweiger&Co.,!nc.|
I S end 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco ¦
1 Tel. Main 1618. Wholesale Dealers. I
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In u»e over fifty
ve*r« by the leaders of thi
Mormon Cburch and thelf
follower*. Positively car* th«
worct cases in old and youna
•rttlng from eSects of »elf!
abuse. Clts'ratlon. excesses or
flffarett* nat klnz. Cur* Loaf
Manhood. Impoteney. £o«l
¦ Power. Klrht Losses. ltfxKn-
til*. Paint Jn Back. Kvtl Desire*. Lai* Back.
Nervcu. Debility. Headache. Unfltnesi ta jSarl
ry. Ia»% cf Semen, g" g~\ Vericor^i, or Con.
•tlpatlon. Stop Her \J voui Twltchlnt ©•
Eyelid*. Effect* are *¦• B-nn-slmiaedlat*. Imnar^
vigor and potency gcnr5 to erery fnact^aT
Don't «-et despondent, a cure !i at hand. rZ
•tor* email, undeveloped orjeans. Stlmnlat*
the brain and nerve centers; 6O3 a box- < -«•
12 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cur* oi
mosey refunded with 6 boxes. Circular* rre*.
Atfdrecs BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EI1U «t
Can Franclaco. Cal GRANT DRUO CO. it
acd 40 Third it. ' w
f% ¦ I B ¦ A Ammunition. Hunting- and
I '1 Sal %. Eportlnjr Goo<I». Larp«t,t
¦ nil f\l flock. Lowest prices. Send
111 IBll fr>r cat«Joruf.
V W I ¥ EHREVE & BARBER CO.,
729 Market at, and 311
Kearsy at.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARSJung Hun, alias F. Relcolo, was ar
rested last night by Detective McMahon
and Corporal Sylvester and his name en
tered on the detinue book. A formal
charge of grand larceny will be placed
against him to-dav.
It Is alleged that on the morning of
August 25, between the hours of 4 and 5
o'clock, he entered the premises of Chung
Chay Bing at 132 Waverly street and ab
stracted the keys to the- safe from the
pocket of Chung Toy, who was sleeping
In the establishment. ' He thereupon un
locked the. strong box and. secured $575
in cash. ,
DARING THIEF STEALS KEYS
TO SAFE FROM SLEEPING MAN
The Pacific Mall steamer Peru, Captain
MacKinnon, twenty-three days from
Panama and way ports, arrive"! yester
day and was ordered In quarantine at
Angel Island. The vessel brought up 906
tons of general cargo, $203,313 in Mexican
silver, ten packages of United States
mall," twenty-six cabin and the same num
ber of steerage passengers. Nothing
eventful occurred to mar the trip and
fair weather was encountered. The
steamer will be released from quarantine
this morning and proceed to her dock.
Following Is tho list of cabin passengers:
P. Schrouer. I. Schwartz, J. Calvera,
B. Huthoff and wife. William Ichter, F.
Valdea, M. Henerlas, H. Miller. S. F.
Parks, Miss L. Lyons, J. J. Fernandez
and wife, G. Champion, A. G. Schlndler.
Mrs. W. M.. McDonald and family, F. W.
Hazard and wife, D. B. Hodgsdon, L.
Boido and J. J. Valdez.
Steamship Peru Arrives.
The California Realty and Trust Com
{jiny was incorporated yesterday for
Sl.000,000, of which E>jO Is subscribed. The
directors, each of whom has subscribed
CI100, are W. de L. KIngsbury, A. P.
Fuller. W. S. Grower, F. N\ Schlagnei
and E. L. Grove.
Realty Company Incorporates.
Thomas MajettL an ex-convict and
"dope fiend." was convicted by a jury In
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday afternoon
on a charge of manslaughter and will be
sentenced on Saturday. He was charged
with the murder of Edward W. Schord
in the Baltimore House. 502 Bush street,
on the morning of April 2. They had
quarreled about a dog and Majetti
claimed that Schord attacked him with
an opium pipe and he shot Schord In self
defense.
Convicted of Manslaughter.
fC We Larsen, a glazier residing at IS
Willow avenue, fell a distance of thirty
fCet yesterday afternoon while putting In,
3 a window* pane # at Fel anld Shrader
streets/ Larsen suffered a fracture of
I) both bones of both legs near the knee.
He was treated at the Park Emergency
Hospital.
Glazier Falls Thirty Feet
Sarah A. McCurdy, Elfen M. Otto and
Elizabeth Macken will share equally In
the division of the estate left by James
Macken, according to a decision rendered
by the Supreme Court yesterday. The
testator made a deed "in trust to con
vey" favoring the daughters Ellen and
Elizabeth, and this provision is declared
invalid In line with the settlement of the
Fair will case.
Macken and his wife in 1S86 executed
and delivered a deed, to certain valuable
real estate Into th« hands of Thomas B.
Bishop on the understanding that on the
death of the assignors the property should
revert to Ellen and Elizabeth Macken.
Mrs. McCurdy, the other daughter, con
tested the validity or the transaction
when the parents had died and the estate
was to be divided.
The lower court held that all three
daughters should share aliKe and the Su
preme Court affirms this decision. The
defendants' attorneys argued that the fa
mous Fair will trust was not analagous,
but the court differs.
Supreme Court Reaffirms Opinion in
Fair Will Case in Settling
Macken Estate.
DAUGHTERS GET EQUAL
SHARES OF PROPERTY
The Mexican residents of this city will
celebrate the ninety-third anniversary of
the • Independence of Mexico -with- ranch
pomp on September 16 at Mechanics' Pa
vilion. The celebration 111 be held un
der the auspices of the Zaragaza : Club.
Mexicans Will Celebrate.
The women could not give a good de
scription of the men other than that one
of them was tall and thin with a black
mustache and the other short and stout.
Detectives McMahon and Dlnan were
detailed on the case and after an inves
tigation are of the opinion mat the -story
told by the women is not true, as it ap
pears Improbable that the thieves should
know that the chest in question contained
any valuables.
A report of a most sensational robbery
was made to the police yesterday by Ah
Ting and Ah- Lon, two Chinese women
residing at 909& Clay street. The com
plainants allege that on Wednesday even-
Ing at S o'clock two white men entered
their home and compelled Ah Ying to de
liver up the keys to the chest which
stood In one corner of the room and ab
stracted therefrom $543 in gold. $130 in
Mexican money, five gold rings and a
Chinese gold bracelet.
Claim That Two Thieves Forced Them
to Give Up Keys to Chest Con
taining Valuables.
TWO CHINESE WOMEN MAKE
REPORT OF DARING ROBBERY
While Patrolman Jack Kramer was tak
ing Thomas Cox to the patrol wagon at
Pine street and Bacon place last night
the latter suddenly drew a large pocket
knife and slashed the policeman's coat,
and also inflicted a slight wound In the
calf of his leg. Cox was being arrested
on a charge of drunkenness. He was
booked later on charges of assault with
a deadly, weapon and resisting an officer.
Prisoner Stabs Patrolman.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Antone Nlermeyer,
over 21, Contra Costa, and Gertrude, Van
der Dussen, over 18, Hanford; Leonard J.
Thomas, 24. and Margaret F. McVicker,
21, both of San Francisco; Peter J.
Vltheer, over 21, San Francisco, and Mary
G* Lynch, Oakland, over 18; George W.
Benson, over 21. and Mamie Benson, over
18, both of San Francisco.
and in view of these provisions, It is prob
ably impossible to discriminate -in the
matter of direct taxation against corpora
tions holding large amounts of taxable
property. There is, however, a franchise
tax Imposed by most of the States upon
corporations at the time of their Incor
poration, and annually thereafter. This
franchise tax Is In almost all States in
some way graded, so as to tax the small
corporation at a higher rate than the large
one. The first million dollars pays a
higher rate than subsequent millions. In
our judgment the gradation should be
continued, but it should be a grading up
Instead'of down. We would leave, per
haps, the first hundred thousand free and
the first million cheap, and raise the rate
with each succeeding million. The United
States Steel Corporation has a capital
ization of over $1,000,000,000. The gradation
stages might be slow and easy enough to
please the most conservative and yet re
sult in a taxation of ten per cent upon
the last 100,000,000. How . long would the
United States Steel Corporation continue
under that system of taxation?
"Second — We can compel them to render
better and cheaper. service. If the com
bination of the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern railways is a great
enough public disaster to have the atten
tion which it has attracted It could be
prevented much easier than by a hundred
Sherman anti-trust laws by a single Unit
ed States statute that required any cor
poration engaged in interstate commerce
to reduce Its rates 50 per ; cent J to and
from every point where competition has
been prevented by combination, merger,
common control or agreement. Congress
can enact that any corporation or indi
vidual who engages In Interstate com
merce must furnish Its services or sup
ply Its goods at lower rates wherever by
any combination competition Is prevent
ed than where competition Is left free.
"Third— If necessary, the State itself can
enter the industrial field as a producer
arid restore the force of competition to
its former supremacy by becoming Itself
a' competitor of the great trusts."
Great applause followed the reading of
the report.
The report Is signed by all the members
of the committee, consisting of Walter a
Loran, Henry .Budd, Gardiner Lathrop,
George Whltlock and John Morris Jr.
At the night session r a resolution was
adopted dlrecting'the report; to be com
mitted with instructions to the committee
to -report' remedies for Illegal ' combina
tions which threaten ' commercial Inter
course^ This action Is regarded as a vic
tory for the party which contended that
the subject of trusts Is an appropriate one
for. the American Bar Association to con
aider. ' . > • '• ' ¦" - -
Marriage Licenses.
WORK OF THE CHINATOWN
SQUAD UNSATISFACTORY
Chief Wlttman Details Six Ne-w Men
to Assist Corporal Daniel
Sylvester.
X change -was made by Chief Wlttman
yesterday in the j«ersonnel of the China
town sc-isd. The Chief had been <lissat
izfled with the work done by th« squad
and sent for Corporal Daniel Sylvester,
the officer in charse. who laid the
blarae upon the inexperience of his men.
who were all recently appointed to the
force. ¦¦¦".-""
The Chief decided to give Sylvester a
new scued, and yesterday the following
'SBcers were detailed to form the squad:
G. F. Barry, G. K. Small. J. Barrett.
J. C. Robl. P. Reilly and H. M. Owens.
Four of them at least are men of expe
rience and it Is expected that they Trill
make an exniJent record under Corporal
Sylvester, who has personally worked en
ergetically to carry into effect the In
structions cf. tha Chief.
The scuad relieved consisted of Police
men John T. I^anckman, N. Z. Laprange,
H. C. Schrnidtt. T. F. Conlon. A. L,. Mar-
Men bjt.A W. W. Lambert.
Preliminary to its coming conference in
this city, the State Board of Health has
issued, through its information bureau,
the foUowing circular:
Tfce state Board of Health will hold & con
ference -trtth tha local health office™ of the
Rt*.te and olhem interested In sanitary affairs
In Vlcaur building, O'Farrell itreet. between
fitockton and Powell streets. San Francisco, on
SeDtember 8. Papers will be read on questions
of public Interest and a full and free discussion
The State board have found a hearty response
In the local health officers, the newspapers
and the people In the work taken up of
raiherui* vital statistics and improving the
sanitary condition of the State. This work
we "are anxious to carry on to a greater degree
than it is possible under present conditions. We
need thorough organization, acquaintance and
unity of action, besides a remodeling of our
sanitary laws. We nope all health offlcem
and all who ar« Interested In sanitary mat
ter* will come. Come with suggestions, ques
< lI U*is frce to ail who are Interested In public
sanitai- affairs, but not for private advertis
ine The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
will give one and one-third rate If flrty tickets
are sold Ask for the •'receipt-certiflcate
hlnck " Return tickets will be sold in San
Franc'lBco within forty-eight hours after the
close of the conference for one and a third
rate. Return trip continuous.
WILL CONSIDER MANY
SANITARY MEASURES
State Board of Health Issues Circular
Concerning Conferences to Be
Held in This City.
The physical examination of the Civil
Service Commission for truckmen in the
Fire Department was held in the rooms
of the Police Commissioners last evening.
Out of sixty-two applicants fifty pre
sented themselves for examination. Twen
ty-six passed the Inspection of Drs. J.
W. Ward, R. C. Hill and T. Rethers, two
were rejected for physical defects and
the remainder failed to pass on account
of weight or height.
Examination for Truckmen.
WASHINGTON. Augr. 27. — Postofflco
established — Washington — Page, Frank
lin County; Charlie Klundt postmaster.
PostofSce discontinued September 13 —
California— Bragdon. Trinity County: mail
to Trinity Center.
Postmasters commissioned — Washington
— MlUard F. Smith. Berlin; Edwin A, Par
ish. Derby.
Fourth class postmaster appointed — Cal
ifornia—Jerome Fulson. Garden Grove,
Orange County, rice Joseph K. Grlgsby,
resigned.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The board refused to accept the resigna
tion of R. Wtdeberg. clerk at the City and
County Hospital, on the recommendation
of the Civil Service Commission, which
had dismissed the. charges against him.
No action was taken regarding the dis
approval of the Civil Service Commission
of several temporary appointments. The
board wants more than one name certified
by the commission for the positions, but
the latter persists In certifying to but one
name, although the City Attorney has
rendered a contrary opinion. .
The action of Resident Physician Mc-
Elroy In suspending C. J. Callaghan.
night watchman of the City and County
Hospital, was approved.
The board condemned a number of un
panltary buildings in Chinatown and set
Thursday, September 17, at 10:30 a. m.,
as the time for hearing complaints
against the order for the vacation of
premises at 807, 809 and 811 Stockton
street.
The resignation of Charles Moreau, en
gineer at the Almshouse, was accepted.
The Board of Health yesterday adopted
the recommendation of Health Officer
O'Brien regarding the rebuilding of back
areas to any structure throughout the
city, and especially in Chinatown, which
areas have been condemned as unsanitary
because all sunlight and fresh air are pre
vented from reaching these spaces.
Hereafter, when it is desired to restore
these places, the board will require that
one foot of surface soil shall be removed,
a concrete floor placed thereon, upon
which may be built a one-story brick
structure with glass roof, properly ven
tilated. The State Board of Health and
United States marine hospital service
concur in the adoption of the sanitary
regulation.
Board of Health Will Insist on Full
Compliance With the Sani
tary Laws.
ADOPTS REGULATIONS FOR
BUILDING OF SACK AREAS
Mr. Chapman Is a Wall street broker.
A very pleasant surprise came to W. S.
Gage, of the firm of Gage, Mills & Co., a
few days &£j when E. L Chapman of
New York, an old col'.epe classmate he
had not seen for eighteen years, pre
sented himself at the office. The meeting
was attended by its humorous side, as
Gape, who was exceedingly bu«y at the
time of the call, concluded that his visitor
was &n insurance agent, H« sent word
out that Mr. Chapman might call asain
to transact whatever business fce had.
Chapman realized that his name was not
remembered by his college companion of
muy years a*ro and insisted on seeing
him. Gage at last consented to an Inter
view, but was not yet ready to talk In
surance, Chapman grabbed Gage by the
hand ax.d was surprised that even then
-Gspe did not recognizfl him.
Chapman then recalled Gere's college
days, but time had worked strange
rhar.ges in the appearance of both men.
At last the lumber and mining man rec
<"fniied Chajunsn ar.d a merry reunion
followed.
I'-wo Business Men Meet Under Pe-»
culiar Circumstances After
Long Separation.
MISTAKES COLLEGE CHUM
FOR INSURANCE AGENT
Sheriff Taylor was notified last night
that McGrath would surrender. District
Attorney Boyd was given the same noti
fication. Neither official gave any
credence to .the report, however, and they
are putting forth every endeavor to locate
"Of course, it is unfortunate, that Mc-
Grath should have left town. He left
without our advising him to do so."
SAUSALJTO, Aug. 27.— Since the death
of Arthur E. Gilligan Sa-usalitans are par
ticularly anxious that Francis H. Ik-
Grath, who Is accused of having dealt
him a fatal blow during an altercation,
be apprehended. The "hlllites" are vehe
ment in their denunciation of the pool
room contingent, claiming it was due to
the influence of the race, players that
McGrath was not taken into custody tho
day of the quarrel. The poolroom men
on the other hand claim that they had
nothing to do with the escape of
McGrath.
Frank Daroux. proprietor of one of the
betting establishments. In an interview
to-day, said: "We all feel greatly In
censed over the charge that we 'fixed'- the
town officials so that they would not re
port the assault on Gilligan. The charge
Is without any foundation. Tom Frost al
lowed the men to sleep In his house and
both Harvey and I at various times
helped them out. They worked whenever
they could get employment and were
working at the time of the altercation.
They were not "stools" for us In any
manner, shape or form.
SAUSAT.TTO OFFICERS
SEARCH FOR McGRATH
Unable to Find Any Trace of Young
Man Accused of Causing the
Death of GiUigan.
"The union of the employers is still
stronger and more farreachin? than the
union of the workmen. We are now hav
ing combinations of combinations. The
United States Steel Corporation is a com
bination of a dozen theretofore competing
producers, • who themselves were com
binations of stili other producers, and
these in turn often combinations of still
others. To trace them back to their be
ginning Is like discovering all the multi
tude of sources that bo to make up the
volume of the swollen Mississippi. The
property which the Amalgamated Copper
Company now controls was once perhaps
a thousand mining claims, each one very
likely owned in common by half a dozen
miners. The department store trust has
combined the business of h indreds of
merchants, some portions of which they
acquired by purchase and others in some
other way. It is estimated that the
Standard OH Company has taken, by con
tract or by force, the business of ten
thousand corporations and merchants in
all oarts of the Union. The few present
great railroad lines of the country have
been made up by the combination of hun
dreds of smaller lines, some extensions
of one another and others competing lines.
"The ambition of the shipping trust, per
haps the pet project of the great Ameri
can combiner, has been to control all the
ships that sail the ocean. A hundred
years ago there were hardly two &hlp3
owned by the same Individual or corpora
tion, and even fifty years ago there was
scarcely a ship owner, individual or cor
poration that owned a half-dozen ships.
No one knows but that within the next
ten years a greater man than J. P. Mor
gan will arise who will combine into one
organization all the industries of the land
so that the workman who works for
wages can find but one possiUe employer
and the purchaser of wares can find but
one possible seller. The &teps toward the
formation of one universal Industrial cor
poration which shall crowd out all other
corporations and assume to Itself all the
industries of the land have already been
more than half taken. It is not so far to
go from now to that end as we had to go
to reach the present industrial conditions.
"A monopoly is economically desirable;
that Is, for the Monopolist. The United
States Steel Corporation can produce, no
matter what It sells It then for, its goods
cheaper than the elements out of which
the combination is composed ever pro
duced them. The Standard Oil Company
la economically holy, for it pays 40 per
cent dividends. The Sugar Trust Is eco
nomically correct, for whereas the Indi
vidual sugar refiners lost money on small
capitalization the \ Sugar Trust pays big
dividends on a large capitalization. The
railroad combinations are economically
impregnable for they pay. If Mr. Mor
gan's shipping trust and Mr. Schwab's
shipbuilding trust are failures they are
exceptions to the rule. We cannot there
fore rely on natural forces, on the laws
of supply ' and demand or . on economic
considerations to limit the growth of
modern combinations. _
"If they are undesirable. If the people
of the American nation would be better
off without them, or with limitations put
on them, they must put these limitations
on ' by the action of their legislatures,
their conditions and their courts. The
American bar must act, and the Ameri
can Bar Association must take the lead.
If the Northern Securities Corporation
had been allowed to; go on, the next
thing to follow" It would naturally have
been a United ' States Securities Com
pany, which, would hold the majority of
the stock of every. railroad where the
American: flag flies." ,
REMEDIES PROPOSED.
The report proposed the following rem
edies:. ¦ .; ; ¦¦'[ : -.:'¦¦ .'.'¦.¦
v "First, we can tax. them, to death; or; If
that Is too radical, , we. An tax them until
their growth and enlargement Is impeded:
There are constitutional provisions re
quiring . direct taxations to be uniform.
On the subject of trusts the report says
this Is the important question now before
the American bar. It says combinations
are rapidly driving out of business the
small dealers and the small producers.
These two classes heretofore have fur
nished the largest number of petitioners
in bankruptcy courts. But now Industrial
combinations of gigantic magnitude, too
large for a bankruptcy court to manage
and too rich to need ever to be called be
fore it. have been substituted. The re
port adds:
"The modern combination's primary ob
ject Is to control trades and commerce in
plain articles of production and substitute
a more or less perfect monopoly in place
of a more or less free competition. It
changes entirely the basio principle of
commercial relations between man and
man. and, If they are to continue to grow
and develop in tho future as in the past
will rentier necessary most Important
changes in the principles of our commer
cial laws. Combination, as an economic
force, is fast coming to take the place of
competition. The producers are combln*
Ing, the transportation companies are
combining, tradesmen are combining,
workmen as. well as employers are com
bining; everything seems to be coming
into some form of combination and every
body seems to be a^ combiner. The com
petition that still remains is fast disap
pearing. Workmen are refusing to com
pete for- Jobs. Labor unions are enlarging
the spheres of their activity and extend
ing their operations.
UNION OF EMPLOYERS.
HOT SPRINGS, Va., Aug. 27.— At the
morning session of the American Bar As
sociation to-day the annual address. was
delivered by Hon. Baron D. Colt of Rhode
Island, United States Judge of the First
Circuit. Judge Colt's subject was. "The
Reasonableness of the Law."
Walter S. Logan of New York made a
verbal report from the committee on
commercial law. He commended the na
tional bankrupt law and then discussed
the trust question. He eaid It would have
to be settled by the lawyers; If they did
not, the demagogues would. If combina
tions contlnue y competition will ceas,e and
commercial Jurisprudence will eventually
be entirely changed. The committee, he
said, had renehed the unanimous conclu
sion that modern industrial commissions
should be stayed.
Hon. Charles F. Manderson of Nebraska
said the report was calculated to rend the
association asunder. He asked that the
report be read. There was opposition to
the motion and considerable confusion.
The convention, however, agreed to hear
the report at once. It was fully dis
cussed.
Action- Is Taken Which Is Regarded
as Victory for the Party Con
tending for Full Con
sideration.
sension
Committee's Report Is Likely
to Cause Serious Dis- .
The Grand Jurors were astounded this
evening when their questions adduced the
information from the guards that prac
tically no restraint was placed upon the
convicts who applied for sticks of giant
powder, ostensibly for blasting purposes.
The testimony showed that Charles Tay
lor had charge of the giant powder store
house, and that when a convict asked for
giant powder he would give him the keys
and tell nim to go in and take what he
required.
The Jurors also learned from the testi
mony that Taylor would not know
whether five or two dozen sticks of the
explosive were taken by the convicts. To
the Jurors this testimony seemed to ex
plain how it was that the convicts were
able to enforce their order to get at the
rifles with enough giant powder to blow
up not only the armory, but half of the
prison as well. Members of the Jury have
expressed themselves as confident that
had Captain Murphy been in sole com
mand he would have ordered the guards
to fire at any cost.
The Jury would like to make a report
to Governor Pardee upon its findings, but
finds it Is accountable only to the Su
perior Court The report on the Folsom
Investigation will be filed by the Grand
Jury immediately after the State Fair
season closes, September 12. It is de
clared that the report will very likely
charge official cowardice as responsible
for the memorable prison break.
CONVICTS GET DYNAMITE.
Gillice, not only had the .rapid-nring
Gatllng at his side, but he was armed
with a repeating rifle, and he testified be
fore the Grand Jury this afternoon that
twice he had his rifle pointed at the head
of Convict Richard M. Gordon and could
easily have Idled him had he not twice
been ordered by . Warden Wilkinson to
lower his gun. Under oath he asserted
that while Gordon was using Murphy as
a shield Gordon's head rose at least a
foot above Murphy's head and he could
have killed him without endangering the
life of the captain of the guard. Con
vict Gordon is 6 feet 1 inch in height,
while Captain Murphy Is rather short of
stature. Gillice said he finally dropped
his gun from his hands when he was not
expected to use It.
Lieutenant of the Guard Kipp testified
that while the prisoners were escaping a
horse guard came riding up to the armory
with his gun lifted, ready to balk the ef
forts of the desperadoes to reach the
storehouse of the arms and explosives.
The guard was ordered by his . superiors
to throw down his gun and he did so. It
was further testified that there were sev
eral guards below the station occupied by
Gillice who had their guns pointed, at the
escapes, but were likewise ordered by. the
Warden, or the captain of the guard, un
der his instructions, to lower them.
For weeks it has been a matter of sheer
wonderment by the" public how the con
victs could have'secured possession of the
sticks of giant powder with which they
threatened to blow up the if
their orders to the keeper, coincided in by
the Warden, to open it, were not promptly
obeyed.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. X.— Testimony of
a most sensational character respecting
the administration of Folsom Prison was
brought out at to-day's investigation by
the Grand Jury. Under oath guards told
of a state of affairs at the prison which
startled tho Grand Jury and made them
more determined than ever to probe deep
ly into the circumstances of the recent
break at the prison. It had been the de
sire of the Grand Jury to take* only the
testimony of the guards and not to sub
ject the higher officials to the inconveni
ence and cmbarassment of appearing be
fore It for examination. As an upshot of
to-day's disclosures, howi ver, it was re
solved to require the presence of Captain
of the Guard R. J. Murphy. When the
Jury adjourned to-night it resolved to
meet again on Monday next to enable
a subpena to be served on Captain Mur-
Phy.
Several of the witnesses before tho Jury
to-day were guards who either voluntar
ily quit the prison or were discharged
th«refrom. The Jury might have been in
clined to regard their testimony as preju
diced were it not for the fact that most
damaging . statements were uttered by
trusted guards still In the employ of the
prison, and who were not what could be
called willing witnesses. One of these
guards was Charles Gillice, who had
charge of the Gatllng turret which over
looked the «ate from which tne thirteen
prisoners escaped, shielded -y their offi
cial hostages.
ORDERED NOT TO SHOOT.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The American
boy who tried to escape from the French
bark Marechal de Gontaut yesterday, al
leging that he had been "shanghaied,"
was taken from the vessel early this
morning hy Collector of the Port Strana
han, who had gone out to sea on the
revenue cutter Gresham to rescue the
boy. The boy Is named Hugh Thompson,
is 16 years of age and is the son of a
sailor who ships on a coastwise vessel,
which plies between Bansor, Maine, and
points south.
After he had been taken in charge by
the revenue officers, young Thompson
said he had not been forcibly taken to
the beat, but had gone with the consent
of his father. He said, however, that he
thought he was to ship on a coaster, and
when he found that the Marechal de
Gontaut was bound for Yokohama and
that he would be absent for many
rr.rinihs he wanted to return to his homo.
It was after S o'clock last night that
Collector Stranahan decided to go out
after the French bark. He came to this
conclusion after the pilot who had been
aboard the Gontaut returned and report
ed that a boy on that vessel was locked
in a closet and kept screaming for help,
savins he had been kidnaped. The Col
lector pax to sea on ths Gresham immedi
ately.
The Gre«htf.m came upon the Marechal
de Gcntaut after midnight. Lieutenant
Hofzscharaer of the Gresham and two of
the crew put off in a small boat and
went alongside the French vessel. Th«
lieutenant • shouted to the watch to let
down a ladder.
"They did net appear to understand
me," said Lieutenant Hotzschamer, *'so I
sprang up the chain plates and got on
the deck.. Two men stood there talking,
but I could not understand them. One of
them waved his hands about arid ran
toward me, but I pushed him to one side
and ran down into the hold. I passed
through i he palley and into the forecas
tle. There were about sixteen bunks
there and up forward I saw the boy. He
was sleeping. I woke him and asked him
if he had b?en kidnaped. He would not
say much at first, so 1 took him up on
deck. There was no resistance by the
crew. I then had a ladder lowered and
the rest of the party came aboard.**
Before the lieutenant boarded the
Frenchman he placed a navy revolver in
his hip pocket. The other officers were
also armed. Collector Stranahan was In
bis official uniform and sent at once for
Captain DeurJerre. He demanded that
the captain shew him the ship's articles.
The Collector said the name of the boy did
not appear on them, which he declared
was a violation of the shipping laws. On
the advice of his legal adviser he claimed
the boy.
Several conferences 'between Collector
Stranahan, Gastoa VelJen, the French
Vice Consul, and representatives of the
charterers cl the Gontaut were held dur
trg the day.
The Collector sent all the details of the
case to the authorities at Washington by
telegrapfc. but later announced that he
had no authority to hold tha ship.
A reveaco cutter was therefore dis
patched to the ship to take off the- reve
nue cffVw placed on board and Instruc
tions were given the commander of the
cutter, to ailoxr the bark to proceed on
her way.
The Collector said he had not received
any advices from Washington as to how
to proceed, bet it Is understood that It
¦was Intimated to him informally that he
should act as he did.
The boy Thompson was taken home by
•m« parents.
If Countess Marie Van Der Velde lives
In Petaluma she could not be located
last night. Nobody seems to know her
or can recall having heard of such a
woman.
Funeral services for the late Count will
be conducted in Oakland to-morrow by
the Consul for the Netherlands at San
Francisco, George G. J. Marslly. The
burial will be in Mountain View Ceme
tery.
We were married while he was llvinc in
your house last winter. He was suffering men
tally. I believe, but I an sure he died a nat
ural rteath. I do not yet know what «t«p to
take in the matter and do not believe 1 am
strong enough to attend the funeral, which I
see you have In charge. ; I have many letters
from him, but no "picture. Will you have a
photograph 1 taken for 'me and I will calt upon
you as soon as I am well enough to get your
advice as to making myself known as his wife.
Poor, dear man; he was a sensitive, high
minded man and should have lived longer un
til I could have arranged my affair*. -when wa
expected to have our marriage made known to
the world and have gone East and later to
Europe. «•"
Peace be to his soul is all that I can say.
and thanks for your kindness. Believe me, I
will call upon you soon. And with my best
reeards. I am in the deepest sorrow, sincerely,
. MAKIE. COUNTESS VAN DER VELDE.
p. s. — Do not forget the picture. I look
upon you as a brother In this affair. It places
me In a most embarrassing position before the
world. . M.
I have read the many articl«« In the dally
papers with itreat rain and Borrow, for al
though I knew his finances were low. for I
sent him money often until he refused to ac
cept further assistance. Mill I cannot believe
he took his own life.
PETALUMA. Aug. 24. 1903.— Mr. Blnneweg
— Dear Sir: You will undoubtedly be surprised
to know that the late Count Van Asperen Van
der Velde was my husband. We were married
privately with the understanding that It should
be kept secret until some of my financial at
falrs were settled. ..-i.'-v:
: It was to Binneweg that the noble from
the Netherlands confided that he had
spent six of the happiest months of his
life as a favorite of the fast and fickle
Princess de Chimay in Paris, and was
then given the "marble heart" by that
beautiful adventuress, who 'deserted him
for the Gypsy musician, Rigo.
In her communication to Binneweg the
writer from Petaluma states that she
was secretly wedded to Count Van der
Velde while the Hollander was stopping
with his countryman here at 830 Broad
way. Careful search of .the marriage
license records for two years and a half
failed to disclose that any license had
been issued to any person bearing the
name of the Dutch nobleman. The epistle
from "Marie, Countess Van der Velde,"
of Petaluma. received by -Binneweg thla
morning, was inclosed in an envelope
bearing the address of the Petaluma
Rochdale Association and read as fol
lows: ,
Count Van Asperen Van der Velde's
embalmed remains are lying In a local
undertaking, establishment prepared for
the interment, which is arranged to take
place to-morrow afternoon, and Binneweg
Is anxiously awaiting to have the author
of the letter from Petaluma put ln s an
appearance or explain her relations to
the dead nobleman more definitely. While
Binneweg asserts that £he Dutch Count
never hinted to him that he was married,
he says he will treat the titled lady from
Petaluma with all due courtesy If she
calls upon him, but until she does he will
regard her as a stranger.
Signing herself "Marie, Countess Van
der Velde," and claiming to be the be
reaved wife of the late Count Van Ae
peren Van der Velde, whose romantic ca
reer came to a tragic termination on the
sand dues of the ocean boulevard In San
Francisco a few days ago, a Petaluma
woman has written to Abram Binneweg
of this city, a friend and countryman of
the deceased : nobleman, requesting him
to have a photograph taken of the dead
Count and forwarded to her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Aug. 27.
The funeral of Martin Kellogg, former
president of the University of California,
will be held at 2 o'clock to-morrow after
noon from the late residence in BushneU
place. It will be a very simple affair and
the Interment will be entirely private.
The services will be conducted by the
Rev. Edward Parsons, pastor of the San j
Mateo Congregational Church and a cou
sin of the deceased, who will be assisted
by the Rev. J. K. McLean, . president of
the Pacific Theological Seminary. The
pallbearers will be President Wheeler and
five of Dr. Kellogg's oldest associates In
the university— Professor George H. How
ison, E. W. Hllgard. W. A. Merrill. El
mer E. Brown and Willard B. Rising.
Out of respect to the memory of Dr,
Kellogg all exercises at the university will
be suspended to-morrow afternoon. Me
morial services for Dr. Kellogg will be
held by the university some day in the |
near future, tho date not yet having been
set
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2HS Center Street, Aug. 27.
The story of the shooting of the late
capitalist Charles R. Llcyd of Berkeley
by his nephew, William Boxall, at San
Bernardino last January is made the
basis of a will contest filed late this after
noon by Lloyd's eldest son, Frederick,
who was disinherited by his father.
Frederick W. Lloyd, In his complaint,
charges that his father was under the in
fluence of Lole Helen Wilkinson, his
housekeeper, and Mary Lloyd, his second
wife.
Last January Charles R. Lloyd was shot
at San Bernardino by his nephew, Wil
liam Boxall. A great deal of mystery
surrounded the case, but young Boxall
was taken Into custody and charged with
an attempt to murder his uncle, Fred
erick Lloyd sided with his cousin against
his own *father and when the will was
filed here recently it was found, that
Lloyd had disinherited his son.
In the allegations in the complaint
young. Lloyd says his father made" his
home disreputable; that Loie Helen \VI1
klnson is a dissolute character, who has
been his father's housekeeper since 1S96,
and after his marriage In 189S continued
her relations with him. The housekeeper
and the wife, young Lloyd says, conspired
against him. He alleges that they worked
together and had his. father under their
control and poisoned his mind against the
son by charging him vglth complicity In
the crime committed by his cousin.
For some time after Lloyd was shot his
life was despaired of. He recovered «uf
flciently, however, to be able to travel,
and after giving bonds in the sum of $100.
000 to appear at the trial of Bcxall he was
allowed to start on a trip to Japan In or
der to recuperate. He died en route and
his remains were interred at Mountain
View Cemtery here yesterday.
Lloyd's will was made shortly prior to
his embarkation on his last voyage, and
the complaint filed to-day -declares that
his mind was poisoned against Frederick
b/ the women, who charged that he had
accused the father of being guilty of the
downfall of Margaret Boxall, his niece,
and sister of the man who shot Lloyd.
Objection is made to the probating of
the will and the complaint asks that it
be set aside upon those grounds. Waters
& Wylle of Los Angeles are young
Lloyd's attorneys.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 27.
Ixiphton refuted the statement made by
Pretadent Cornelius of the Carmen's
Jnion, who on the witness stand said
That Newhall, in an interview with him,
• .xpressed his willingness to give the em
ployes 27 l 3 cents an hour for a ten-hour
d«y. l-aiphton stated he was present at
the interview and said Newhall agreed to
p:ve that wage If the Carmen's Union
was successful with the United Railroads.
Moore then read some statistics to show
i;o» p many men enter various employment
Kpencies each day in search of cmploy
:ront, to show that there were many idle
ir.en willing to work- Ke said he would
r*~t introduce any evidence to rebut the
Tf-pumony piven l>y witnesses for the car
men as to the price of bread, as he was
satisfied with their flpures, which he said
enrroi'orated these given by Foley, a wit
r.rss for the United Railroads.
¦ Attorney A. A. Moore occupied only a
.5-hort time yesterday in closing his side.
The evidence given was in sur-rebuttai.
only two witnesses were examined. They
¦were J, P. Brown of the United Railroads j
end J. B. Leighton of the Presidio and
Ferries Railroad Company* The former j
testified that he received applicants for j
? inpayment two days a week and that j
ih«- average was never less than forty- j
trro. This was to prove that men were i
desirous of securing employment with the
Ftreet car comj<any.
\o!umzncus record. All that remains to
be done is for the attorneys to pro to
'Washington or New York and argTie the
merits of their respective cases. An effort
has been made to induce the arbitrators
to come to this city, but It is very likely
Ihey will net do so.
With sighs of relief, the attorneys and
* others connected with the arbitration pro
ceedings tctw«*a the Carmen's Union and
the United Railroads departed from room
?> of the Rialto building yesu-r^ay morn
iom. For the past throe months testi
mony ras been taken to aid t^e arbitra
tors to reach a conclusion. Hundreds of
vitnesses had been examined and their
testimony covers thousands of pages.
The condition of the labor market, the
* prtc* of food, the question of rents, the
- ammint of work performed by house and
tir.ck men. the hardships of conductors
and m-tormen and the opinions of
* economists a"-4 labor leaders have been
.!>red in evidence; all of which makoa a
Bark Is Allowed to Proceed
on Her Voyaga After a
Conference.
Voluminous Record to Be
Sent On to the Three
Arbiters.
Petaluma Woman Saya She
Was Secretly Married to
the Dutch Nobleman.
Sacra mento Grand Jur y Hears
Evidence of Sensational
Character.
Claims Housekeeper and Sec
ond Wife Unduly Influ
enced. Him.
Memorial Services in Honor ,
of the Dead Are Being
Arranged.
Bar Association Grap
ples With Legal
Phases.
Son Files Contest to
Testament of Dead
Capitalist.
Tell a Story of Loose
Management by Fol
som Officials.
Collector Sends Armed
Men Aboard French
Vessel.
Alleged Widow of Van
der Velde Writes to
His Friend.
Pallbearers to Be Old
Friends of College
Faculty.
Testimony All In and
Case Is Ready for
Argument.
ARBITRATION
HEARING ENDS
CLOSE WITH
PROBLEM OF
THE TRUSTS
PRISON GUARDS
GIVE TESTIMONY
SHANGHAIED BOY
TAKEN FROM SHIP
CLAIMS SHE WAS
WIFE OF COUNT
WILL DISCLOSE
LLOYD'S HISTORY
KELLOGG FUNERAL
WILL BE SIMPLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TRID^Y, AUGUST 28, 1903.
Burglars made an unsuccessful at
tempt to gain an entrance to the Clara
Barton Hospital on : Geary street shortly
after 1 o'clock this morning. One of the
nurses heard ; them trying to raise the
window and rna down the stairs, fright
window and ran down the staris, fright
were notified, but could find no trace of
the prowlers.
Burglars Bun Away.
Detective McMahon and Corporal Syl
vester hav« been, working on the case
and In addition to recovering a .portion
of, the stolen money claim that they have
sufficient evidence to send the fellow, in
custody to the penitentiary for a term
of years.
9
ADVEETISElCENTa
\£g&> '%Ba£r indescribable fear, for
. . child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in'store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's. Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial! Not only. does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of. "child-birth, but its use
lently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
f 'ckness," and other dis- ¦
$i.oo per bottle. Book
ft>e Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta, Ga. 8 MtoMMLMlB BbM .
/J5VERTISE2EENT3. '
Dyspepsia
and ather^ -rtomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
a It
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harm less: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy- »
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
81.0O, at druggists or by mail, from
61.0 Prtace St. • Saw Tori '
Send for Booklet. '"-' '• ,
ARTIFICIAL TEETH AT COST.
We guarantee to fit the hardest mouths and
furnish a serviceable, natural looking set of
teeth for the mere cost of material. Teeth
Without Plates a Specialty. Cold. Silver *aJ
bon* fillings.
Extraction Free. Clearing Teeth Free.
Painless : Methods. Graduates Only.
Week Day*. 9 to 0. Sundays. 9 to 1.
POST-OBADUATE DE^tTAIi COI^LEOE
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 WesMaffton Street.
H*n JoMa — 45 Bait Santa Clax* , Start rt.TO ARRIVE
JVTovements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
Sun lines .5:36 a, m.
Sun sets .6:45 p. m.
Moon rises'.. ...5:11 p. m.
O Time! Tlmel ' Time Time ¦
£ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft Ft.
?• H W| LW| H W ]L W •
28 4:02 4.4 9:17 2.1 3:48 6.4 10:35 O9
29 5:15 4.2 10:15 2.5 4:42 6.3 11:44 0.8
30 6:31 4.1 11:22 2.8 5:41 5.2 ..........
L W H W L W H W
31 0:46 0.7 7:45 -4.2 12:36 2.9 6:42 . 8.1
1 1:41 0.5 8:46 4.4 1:39 . 2.9 7:40 6.1
2 f 2:28 0.4 0:85 4.6 2:31 2.8 8:33 5.1
3 3:07 0.310:14 4.8] 3:15 2.7 9:20 5.1
The time ball on the Ferry butldina; was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, i. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, . or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In. Charge-
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
•' chants' Exchange, San . Francisco, Cal.,
August 27.
Steamer. Destination. . Sails. Pier.
AuipuKt 28.
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt . . • » am Pier a
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Rainier Seattle & Whateom 4 pm Pier 10
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct..: 5 pm Pier 8
Phoenix Mendocino City.... 1 pmjPler 13
n. Dollar... Portland direct ... 12 mfPler a
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor...... 1 pm
Ausrust SO.
Centralla... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPler 10
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena....... 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt ........ 1:30 p Pier u
Silesia Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Coo« Bay... San Pedro Way Pts 9 am Pier 10
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Angnst 3O. ¦ . ¦
B. Rosa..... San Diego & -Way. 9 am Pier 19
North Fork Humboldt ........ 5 pm Pier 2
AngDKt 31. .
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Olympic Whateom & Fair'n. 12 m Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chlco...... Coquille River:..".. 6 pm Pier 2
September 1.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt ........ 1 :3O p Pier 9
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
September 2. [
Bonita Newport; Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
• . • ¦ September 3. : ;
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier, IS
Korea! China & Japan..... 1 pm Pier 40
CHy Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 4. ;
Alliance.... Portland Way Pts. 5 pm Pier 16
September '5.' -
Peru N. Y. via • Panama. 12 * m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu ¦.-... ...... 11- am Pier 17
G. ¦ W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Rival....... Wlllapa Harbor.:. 4 pm Pier 2
September 7.' •
Curacao. . . . Mexican 'Ports.'. . .. 10 am Piejf 13
FROM : SEATTLE.
: Steamer. .. .; J For. J Sails -
City Topeka'. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug." 29
Senator...... Nome direct........... Sept. 1
Eureka ,.. Nome -direct ..Sept. 1
Excelsior. .- . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 1
Roanoke...... Nome &St- Michael. .. Sept. 1
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports Sept. i
Ohio. Nome &; St. Michael... Sept. 2
City Seattle.. Skawvay &.Way Porta|Scpt. 'j>
Al-Kl........ Skagway &• Way- Ports] Sept. 6
Dlrigo...... .. Skagway & Way Ports | Sept. ; 3
Bertha. ...... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Sept. - V
Cottage Clty..l Skacway & Way PorU-ISeut. h
NOTE: — In tbe above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In - the left
hand column and the successive tides of the/
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th<
fourth time column gives -the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, an
sometimes occurs. The .heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coatt Survey Charts, except when the number
given is : subtracted from the depth given ' by
the charts.- The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic I Survey —
Time ¦ and ' Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.' Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hitch and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
nilnutea later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 28.
Thursday. August 27.
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson, 4S hours from
San Pedro. -
8tmr Peru. Macklnnon,/23 days from Pana
ma, via Mazatlan 5>4 days.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr Arctic. Reimers, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Chehalis, Frantzon. 22 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Men
doclno.
Stmr Coronado. Peterson, 30 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Corona, Johneon. 20 houVs from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, CO hours from San
Pedro.
Sttr.r National City, Johnson. 14 hours from
Fcrt Bragg.
Stmr' Alcazar, Martin, 40 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August 27.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. Honolulu and Syd
ney: J D Soreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Texan. Morrison, Delaware Break
water, via Seattle and Tacoma; Williams. Dl
mond & Co.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, HIlo; Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 27.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, Westport.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Cof« Bay. . . . ,
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Westport. Smith. Weetport.
Etmr James Dollar. Thwing, Seattle.
Sf rnr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Rtmr Manila lay, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Navarro, Weber. Bowens Landing.
Htmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Seattle.
Stmr Newburg. Anflndeen, Grays Harbor.
Stror Greenwood, Johnson, Caspar.
Stmr Alcarar. Martin. Greenwood.
Bktn J M Griffiths, Arey, Port Hadlock. .
Schr IteEEle K. Merriam, San Vicente Land-
Ing.
Schr Ida McKay. Lrhtola. Eureka.
Echr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
SPOKEN.
July 31, lat 4 S, Ion 30 W, Br ship nuchal
burn, from Antwerp, fcr San Francisco.
Aug 4. lat 46 N, Ion 10 W, Fr bark Noeml,
from Shields, for San Francisco. |
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 27. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind S, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WHATCOM— Sailed Aug 26— Ship Spartan,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Auc 27— Bark
Palmyra, hence Aug 6.
TATOOSH— Pasted out Aug 27— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco; «chr -Argus, for
San Pedro; echr Oceania Vance, for San Fran
cisco.
Passed out Aug 27 — Ship • Spartan, for San
Francisco; bktn Robert Sudden, for Sari Pedro.
WESTPORT — Sailed ,Aug. 27— Stmr News
boy, for Ean Francisco-.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 27— Bark S C Allen
for Honolulu. ¦
EUREKA — Arrived Aug 27 — Stmr Pomona,
bence Aug 20.
Sallwl Auir 27 — Stmr NorLh J.V»w ' — •>-•
Shipping Intelligence.-
ARRIVED
The barkentlne Amazon (at Honolulu) .was
chartered prior to arrival for lumber from
Puget Sound to Sydney at 32s with the follow
ing ontions: Melbourne or Adelaide. 39s 6d;
Fremantle, 49a 6d ; Shanghai. 38s 9d, or Port
Arthur, 40s.
The British ship Carnedd Llewellyn w«
chartered prior to arrival for salmon from
Victoria to Liverpool or London at 28s 9d,
with option of wheat from Tacoma at 28s.
The French bark Marguerite Mollnos loads
wheat here for Europe at 21s 3d. chartered
prior to arrival. The bark Gerard C. Tobey
returns to Honolulu with general cargo.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Steamer. From. Due.
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro /fug. 28
Silesia Seattle Aug. j£
Chico Coquille River Aug. 2S
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Aug. 28
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 28
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug. 2S
San Mateo... Tacoma Aug. *8
G. Dollar.... San Pedro Aug. >T>
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma.... Aug. 2!)
Centralla San Pedro '•••. Aug. 2J
Edith Seattle Aug. 30
Redondo San Pedro Aug. 30
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 30
City Puebla.. Punet Sound Ports. ... Aug. 30
Argo Eel River Ports -Aug. 30
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 30
Del Norte Crescent City ...Aug. 31
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 31
ti. Monica Grays Harbor ..Aug. 31
Gaelic China & Japan Aug. 31
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 1
Alamcda Honolulu :..Sept. 1
Corona Humboldt Sept. 2
Nevadan Honolulu Sept. •£.
San Juan New York via Panama Sept. 2
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 2
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 3
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Sept. 3
Rival Wlllapa Harbor (Sept. 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.|Sept. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... Sept. 4
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 5
J.. Dollar. I Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 6
Sonoma I Sydney & Way Ports. jSept. 7
Peru in Quarantine.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Peru
arrived yesterday. 23 days from Panama. She
was ordered into quarantine for fumigation
and will be released this morning.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Phoe
nicia, from Hamburc.
Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Auguste Victoria, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth; stmr La Bretagne,
for Havre.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Cartha
genlan. from Philadelphia, via St Johns, N F.
Kall'Ml Aug 20 — Stmr Sarmatian, for Boston.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug 27 — Stmr Haver
ford, from Philadelphia; stmr Majestic, from
New - York. * :
¦ KINSALE— Passed Aug 27— Stmr' Bovlc,
from New York. ¦ for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Aug 27 — Stmr
Germanic, from Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
, \ FOREIGN PORTS.
CARDIFF— In port Aug 17— Br ship Hale
wood, for San Francisco. ,
DALNY — Arrived Aug 16 — Br stmr Oakley,
from Portland. • „ ¦ ¦
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aug 19— Fr bark Rene,
for Oregon.
TSINTAU — Arrived— Ger ship Alstcrnixe,
from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 25— Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, for San Francisco.
Balled Aug 25— Br etmr Chlng Wo, for San
Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Aug 26 — Br
stmr Shimora, from New York.
Sailed Aug 26 — Br stmr, Empress of India,
for Vancouver.
Arrived Aug 27 — Br bark Forthbank, from
Cebu.
HONOLULU — Arrived Aug 27 — Ger ship
Llta, from Newcastle, Aus. ,
ISLAND PORT.
Francisco: stmr South Bay. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aug 27— Br bark County
of Caithness,, for Queenstown. - .
BANDOX— Sailed Aug 27— Schr Coquille, for
San Francisco; schr Advance, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 27— Schr Jessie
Minor, for San Francisco.
B SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Centra
,1a, for San Francisco; schr Bangor, for Graya
Harbor.
HUENKME— Arrived Aug 27— Schr John G
North, from Port Blakeley.
UMPQUA— Sailed Aug 23— Schr Sadie, for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 27— U S stmr Hugh
McCulloch, from Juneau; Jap stmr Riojun
Maru, from Yokohama: Br stmr Manauense,
from Nome; Br ehlo Sardomene, from Dun
kirk.
Sailed Aug 27— Stmr City of Puebla, for
Ran Francisco. Aug 26— Stmr Centennial, for
San Francisco; stmr Nome City, for Valdei.
Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Umatilla, hence 24th.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 20— Schr A
B Johnson, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA,— Sailed Aug 27— Schr Charles R
"Wilson, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 27— Oer
bark Momla. from Yokohama.
siderable anxiety. She had been on the re
insurance list for some days and when the
news of her arrival reached here was quoted
at 40 per cent. The rate on the Aristides was
advanced yesterday to 55 per cent and the
Sirius was marked up to 30. There were no
other changes, but money Is still being placed
on the Milton Park and Helen Brewer to ar
rive. They are both quoted at 90 per cent.
Forty Per Center Arrives.
Th«- British bark Forthbank arrived ytster
day at Hongkong. She tvas out C4 days from
Obu iir.d her non- arrival had occasioned con-
Mountain-Climbing Engine Arrives.
The Tamalpais and Mill Valley Railroad
received yesterday from the East another
locomotive. This makes four engines the
company how owns and they are rapidly
increasing their rolling stock year by
year.
"The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra
sailed yesterday for Sydney via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and . Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $204,082, and dis
tributed as. follows: For Honolulu, $57,049;
Samoan Islands. S74CH; New Zealand. $61,491;
Australia. $74,U35; Noumea. $745; Fiji Islands.
$500; Fanning Island. $1293. The leading ex
ports were as follows:
To Honolulu— 113 bbls flour 10.032 lbs fresh
meat. 040 lbs 1 cs fresh fish. 301 lbs poultry,
281 cs canned goods. 70 gals 3 cs wine. 070
lbs dried fish, 745 lbs beans. 5000 lbs codfish,
C50 lbs dried fruit. 2G6 lbs raisins. 134 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 210 lbs hops. 21 pkgs
paste 4928 lbs 24 cs meals, 4315 lbs butter.
411 lbs cheese. S ca bread. 608 lbs tea, 440
lbs coffee. 22 cs mineral water, 413 pkgs po
tatoes. 116 pkgs onions. 1476 pkgs fresh fruits,
02 pkgs fresh vegetables 95 cs eggs, 283 gals
whisky. 250 lbs peas, 625 lbs sago. 625 lbs
pearl barley, 13C0 lbs hops. 35 cs salad oil. 51
cs boots and shoes. 21 pkgs paints and oils,
9239 lbs 37 pkgs tobacco. 80 pkgs dry goods,
9 cs hats. 10 kegs nails. 4 bales rope, 54 cs
soap. 4 pkgs machinery. 80 pkgs paper. 1 cs,
firearms. 73 oars. S5 pkgs drugs. 3 bales twine. '
3216 lbs soda, 20 sks coal. 25 pkgs spikes. 30
bbls plaster. 13 rolls leather.
To Samoan Islands — 12 bbla flour, 22SS lbs
bread, 26 pkgs fresh fruits, S5 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 53 pkgs potatoes and onions.
60 cs canned goods. 69 cs wine. 272 cs 2:J
pkgs salmon. 2 cs eggs. 1650 lbs meal, all pkgs
furniture 6 pkgs dry goods. 3231 feet lumber,
6 pkgs bicycles. 104 pkgs naval stores. 7 pkgs
vehicles 15 pkgs mlllwork.
T o New Zealand— 12,590 lbs dried fruit, 7875.
lbs raisins. 1003 cs canned goods, 114 lbs ham,
850-crts onions. 55 pkgs fresh fruits. 2264 lbs
coffee. 3C0O lbs codfish. 2 bbls beer, 130O lbs
2 cs meals. 278 cs salmon. 5 cs wine. 7 baits
overalls 10 bbls Rubricating oil. 3 cs arms and
ammunition, 83 pkgs sewing machines. 29
pkgs wagon material. 17 pkgs agricultural Im
plements 9 kegs nails, 48 pkgs drugs, 94 pkgs
machinery 2S00 lbs cement. 126 pkgs paper.
169 cs boots and shoes, 21 pkgs bicycles and
parts 31 pkgs automobiles, 12 pkgs scales.
To 'Australia— 15,125 lbs dried fruit. 210 bxs
raisins 1730 pkgs fresh fruits. 82 pkgs flour,
593 cs' canned goods. 55. COO lbs coffee. 401 lbs
ham 2G66 lbs hops, 3370 lbs codfish, ,91 cs
salmon. 21,170 lbs seeds. 3 cs liquors. 120
casks beer 29 cs paints. SO.OOO feet lumber. 3
cs arms and ammunition. 39 pkgs machinery,
7 bales overalls. 25 pkgs rubber goods. 10 kegs
add 671 pkgs, drugs and medicines.- 10 colls
rope" 29 pkgs leather. 63 pkgs agricultural im
plements, 5 cs oil, 217 pkgs paper. 39 balea
hose 86,305 lbs lead. 3 pkgs bicycles. 57 cs
boots and shoes. 10 pkgs automobiles. 20 pkgs
scales.
To Noumea — 30 cs salmon, 1 pkg groceries.
151) cs canned goods.
To FIJI Islands — 10 cs canned fruit. 20 cs
canned salmon. 7 bxs fresh fruit. 6 cs dried
fruit 5 bales dry goods.
To' Fanning Island— 1800 lbs 60 cs sugar.
652 lbs ham l."8 cs canned goods, 95 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 1050 lbs meals. .1 cs
musical instruments.
Exports by the Pacific Liner.
Major Francis H. Hardle of the Four
teenth Cavalry has been ordered to leave
for Manila on the transport Logan, which
is scheduled to sail September 5. He is
now on special duty at the local branch
of the Mint, and will supervise the trans
fer of twenty-four tons of pesos from
this city to the Philippines treasury.
Will Go to Manila.
Ellen Sexton applied to the Superior
Court yesterday for letters of guardian
ship over Grace Cahill, a 14-year^pId girl.
Mrs. Sexton, with whom the girl has been
living for- the last four years, claims that
her parents are not fit persons to have
her custody.
Says Parents Are Unfit.
THE State Board of Trade will
have a new manager next week.
J. A. Filcher, who has occupied
the position of manager for a long
term of years, will retire and
Arthur R. Briggs will succeed him. Mr.
Filcher placed his resignation before the
State Board of Trade some time ago, to
take place on September 1, and it was ac
cepted by the directors. Mr. Filcher's act
was inspired by the fact that he is one
of the California commissioners to the
St. Louis Exposition and that all his time
Is about to be required in the performance
of his duties as commissioner. ¦ Arthur
R. Briggs was offered the position as
manager, to take. office when Mr. Filcher
should retire, and the election was ac
cepted.
Filcher has performed a great amount
of good work for the State, keeping in
touch with the people of all sections and
advertising the resources of Jj California
through the medium of extensive corre
spondence and otherwise throughout the
Eastern States and in Europe. By his
agency the permanent exhibit of products
of counties that is now In the ferry build-
Ing has been largely increased.
Arthur R. Brigg9, who succeeds to the
position of manager of the State Board of
Trade, has been for some years a director
of the board. He is a director of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee, vice presi
dent of the California Petroleum Miners'
Association, a member of the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce and is iden
tified also with the San Joaquin Valley
Commercial Association and with other
organizations in California.
Several residents in the vicinity of Six
teenth and Guerrero streets appeared be
fore the Supervisors' Health and Fire
committees yesterday to protest against
the noise made by ;the Standard Milk
Company, which maintains an engine and
boiler. R. Coffin was the principal com
plainant and testified that the separator
used by the concern causes his house to
vibrate so that sleep is impossible. The
committee postponed action to- give both
sides a chance to adjust the trouble.
Complains of Milk Company.
WELL, KNOWN* BUSINESS MAN WHO HAS BEEN ELECTED TO SUC
CEED J. A. FILCHER. RESIGNED, AS SECRETARY OF THE
STATE BOARD OF TRADE.
A motion was submitted on briefs yes
terday in the United States District Court
asking that the court review the order
of Referee Green in sustaining Jacob Ep
pinger In his refusal to answer certain
questions on the ground that they might
tend to criminate the witness.
Eppinger was asked whether he had not
made certain admissions on a former oc
casion that he had acted in an uncom
mercial manner in his management of
certain affairs connected with the firm of
Eppinger & Co.
Judge de Haven Appealed To for
Purpose of Forcing Answer
From Senior Member.
EPPINGER'S REFUSAIi
BEFORE THE COURT
For Sydney— C. G. Abel. William Arnott.
It. D. Bentley. Mrs. Bentley. A. B. Cameron
Miss Ada Orwsley and maid. Charles Dan
vcr*. Mrs.Danvers. W. W. Fogg. P. Inchbold,
K aptain D. Jones, Mi™ Jones. Miss M. Jones.
F. Kirchner. E. H. Knight, P. Laraerand J
Love. Maurice Lyons. H. Marquise, Mrs. Mar
fjuiset: H. Moreau. Mrs. Moreau R Vail
Ivan Nelson, H. H. Norrls. Nurse Osborne.'
Mrs. A. R. Paul and Infant. G. Purchas,
Thomas Raywell. Miss Sayweil. C. Schurr
«-harte« Taylor. John Vicars. Mrs. Vicars. Mfcs
Bridget O'Brien. E. R. Guerrier. O'Hari
X!rs O'Hara. J. Patrick. Mrs. Patrick and
child. Air*. William Pollard, Master Pollard
an<i Kmtbaa Saminsky.
Jnln at Honolulu for Pago Pago — O. Riedel.
JWrs. Rieuel. infant and maid.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— D. P. Mitchell
"15^ Mu f heI1 - c - J - Pol man, Mre. Polman and
child and H. P. Watkins.
For Auckland— A. M. Borthwick. Dr. Col
quhoua. C Edwards. Mrs. Bruce Lloyd E
Murray. Miss Lillle Taylor. Mrs. M. F. Bro-
Jhy. D. Orozier. John Hobbs. W. E. Mead
way. Miss Mary OConnell and Airs. H. E.
White.
For Pato Pago — Max Mars. W. Osbahr R
Stevenson, Miss Stevenson. Miss M. Steven
*><n. Mrs. John Van Naeell, George Williams.
F. J. Bry&nt. Mrs. M. Cataldo and three chil
dren and H. E. Itcsrrus.
n:&jin, R-m J. 1.. liopwocd. R. C. Ingrlm.
-Urother John. Miss A. M. Johnscn. Ml*s J.
Kaufman. Mia M. C. Led!". Miss G. M. Lan
<1t, <". K. \V. Litham. George Lycurgus, Mr*-.
Lycurgu*. M;ss B. H. Mahlum. Miss A. J=.
Marsh. Brother Matthias. Miss I. M. Mills,
MJm A. iioFsman. Miss M. Mossmaa Miss
Amy Oat. Mies H. E. Pearson. Miss S E.
Ticdrr. Miss I. M. Pope. Miss M. Reed. Miss
iZ. M. Robinson. Miss A. Smith. Miss M. Alice
t^nith. F. W. Terry. Brother Theodore Miss
J-ruffersia Thomas. MEFt-r Ed Tracy. Mrs A.
Tucker. C. C. Vaughn. Mrs. Vaughn, Miss
Waddmgron, £. Wads-worth. Mrs. Wadsworth.
Mr*. E. B. Waterhouse. Miss E. J. Water
l'ouse. Miss M. Waterhous-. Miss M. B Water
house, f. M. Watson. Mrs. Watson. Miss E
W ile. J. E. Earsa*. Mrs. C E. Copland, W.
B. Fitz. Mrs. E. For. Alex. Lewis and two
children. Mrs. J. Srhutte. Miss E. C. Skinner,
Miss O. E. SSteele and O. F. True
For Honolulu— Mi?s F. K. Albright. J. B.
Alexander, Mis. Alexander, J. H. Arendt. Mrs.
Arcn<Jt end three children. F. J. Armstrong.
Miss Gcttrod* Asbton, IIiks Nellie B. Baker.
Miss Mabel s*. Barlow. Mirs Ng. Hick. B. K.
Uillinpham. Mr*. K. O. Bond. Mil's C. E. Bor
row. Mrs Alice Krown. J. K. Burkett. Mrs.
.Hurkctt. Captain C Capitos. Mlrs E. G. Cart
wright, Miss Kay Chanibaud. Mir. H. J. Col
liny. J«. TV. Cv'es. G. A. Davl*. It. W. Davis,
Mrs:-' X>avls, Mis? L. I). Deacon. C. H. Dyke,
Mrs. Dyke. I'. Ehlert. Brother Ferdinand.
ThnmaF Fitch, Mrs. Fitrh. Miss Grace A.
Fogg. Mifs Mary 1' O. Gorton. K. M. Hall.
«"harles Harvey. Mrs. Harvey, E. Hede
msnn. Mrs. C (Icdetr.ann. Mis* Alice Hede-
Among the passengers to Honolulu
were many people well known both here
and In the island capital and the Austra
lian contingent included a number of
prominent colonials.
Among the passengers were the follow
ing railed:
The Oceanic Steamship Company's iiner
Sierra. Captain Houdlette, sailed yester
day for Honolulu and the Antipodes. She
carried a full cargo ixr.ii about 300 passen
cors. While the list for Honolulu was
large, mere than eighty cf the passengers
were bound Tor the other side of the Pa
cific. The early arrival of the British-
AuEtralian mail enabled the liner to leave
en tirae, and promptly at 2 o'clock the
lines were cast off and the Sierra was
backing majestically into the stream. The
Oceanic dock wax crowded with friends
vt lhe passengers and good-bys were
waved from the end cf the wharf as long
as the Sierra remained in sight.
The corrected list of the California del
egation to the Mining Congress Includes
Thomas Ewing, Daniel Murphy. F. W.
Vraun, H. S. James and W. J. Trask from
Southern California and Frederick. Rex
inger, W. C. Ralston, Charles W. Merrill
and Edward H. Benjamin from north of
( Tehachapi.
A communication has been received by
the California delegation from Irwln Ma
hon, secretary of the Mining Congress,
in which he explains the purposes of the
congress. The communication in part Is
as follows:
The mission of the organization is a thor
ough business campaign of education, and to
this end the effort is made to bring together
all classes of people Interested In mining or
who desire reliable Information relating to this
important industry. It aims to do for the min
ing Industry of all America what the Agricul
tural Department at Washington has done for
agriculture, the Commercial Museum of Phila
delphia for commerce and trade, the Southern
Industrial Association for progress of South
ern advancement and what the manufacturing
interests of the country now propose to do for
manufacture in the establishment of a perma
nent exhibition in the city of New York of all
American manufactured goods.
Governor Peabody has appointed twenty
delegates to represent Colorado; Governor
Bailey of Kansas, thirty; Governor Otero
of New Mexico, fifteen; Governor Van
Sant of Minnesota, eighteen; Governor
Toole of Montana, twenty -two; Governor
Brodle of Arizona, fifteen. Delegations
will be sent from Oregon and "Washington.
Edward H/ Benjamin, secretary of the
California Miners' Association and one of
the delegates from this State appointed
by Governor Pardee to attend the Ameri
can Mining Congress at Deadwood,
8. 'D., September 7 to 12, says that
the California delegation will urge on the
floor of the congress as a unit the es
tablishment of a national department of
mines and mining. The delegation will
leave San Francisco on Sunday of next
week for South Dakota and will travel
in a body. In addition to the delegates
from California there- will be a large rep
resentation of mining men from other
mining districts in the United States and
Canada. "~ V
For the information of United States
Immigrant Commissioners, Secretary
George' B. Cortelyou of the Department
of Commerce and Labor has issued a cir
cular defining the position of alien sea
men arriving at ports of the United
States with respect to the payment of the
alien head tax and their right to land.
As the subject is one of great Interest to
the mercantile community the circular Is
given here in full:
In view of the opinion of the Attorney Gen
eral of the United States of date September
10, 1901 (23 Op. ; 521), you are hereby Instruct
ed that It Is your duty to make such an In
vestigation of every vessel arriving at a port of
the United States from any other than a main
land or continental port thereof as will enable
you to ascertain the members of their respec
tive crews who are aliens, as well as the in
tention of such alien members in seeking a
landing.
Allen seamen who seek to land in the reg-ular
course of their pursuit with the bona fide Inten
tion of departing as soon as practicable upon
some outward-bound vessel are 'not to be held
for examination touching their right to land
under the various acts regulating immigration
Into the United States, nor shall the masters
of the vessels upon which they come to a port
of the United States be charged on their ac
count with the head tax prescribed by section
1 of the act approved March J, 1003.
Alien seamen who are discharged or who
have deserted their vessel at a port of the.
United States with any other object in view
than departing as described in the next pre
ceding paragraph are in no respect to J* dls-.
tlnguished on account of their prior calling or'
occupation as seamen from other aliens seek
ing admission to this country, either as re
gards collection of head tax on, their account
or as respects the examination and determina
tion of their right to remain under the various
acts regulating immigration. f
All other aliens signed on the ship s articles
of any vessel arriving at a port of the Linlted
States shall be examined and in all respects
regarded as alien passengers on account of
whom the head tax should be collected and who
should be admitted or ordered returned to thw
countries whence they came in accordance with
the laws and regulations governing immigra
tion.
Colonial Mails Arrive Early
and Steamship Sails
on Time.
Unless They Reship on Deep
Water Vessel They Must
Pay Head Tax"
Big Liner Carries Nearly
Two Hundred Pas- -
sengers.
Miners of State Hope Their
Industry \Will Be
Recognized.
California's Delegates
Go to Dead wood to
Urge Action.
Secretary Oortelyou on
Their Status in Cer
tain Cases.
September 1 Is the Date for A. R. Briggs to Become
Chief Executive Officer, Vice Filcher, Who Has
Resigned Because World's Fair Takes His Time
ALIEN SAILORS
RIGHTS DEFINED
SIERRA D EPARTS
FOR AUSTRALIA
WILL ADVOCATE
NEW DEPARTMENT
NEW MANAGER FOR STATE TRADE
BOARD ABOUT TO ASSUME DUTIES
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. AUGUST 28. 1903.
10
BAILWAY TBAVEIi.
H"~~ TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETOi
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:45,
t'7-45 8-45, »:*3. 11 a. m.. 12:20, »1:45, 3:15,
4-15 15:15, 'OaS, 6:45, 9, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week daya does not run to
Mil* v«stllcy ' -* ~ ' * *
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
«¦*« t*10. -11. tU:30 *• »•• U2:30 t*l:30,
2:35 •3-50 5, 6. 7:30, 0. 11:45 p. m.
H 'Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, J(i:25. 7:40, 8:15, JI>:35.
11-05 a. in.. 12:00.'2:20, J3:4V4:50. 5:30. e:45.
1O'2O p. m. • Y . .
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. JS:10, 0:40, -tlO:63.
+11-43 a m.. 12:50. 2:30. »:25. 4:40. J5:50.
U-55 7:35, 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentln.
" FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. . 7:45. - 8:25,
«:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40, 2:45,' 4:15, 5:10, 7:05,
10:40 v,. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 7:55, 10, 11:10 a. ro.', 12:05.
1-05 2:40, 3:45. 4:55, 6:05. 7:10, 10:40 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS. .-
7 :45 a. m., week days— Cazadero and way
stations. _
-6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
: 3:15= p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. . v ,
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m., Cazal
dero and .way stations. '". . '
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m. Point
Reyes and way stations. . , '
TICKET" OFFICE— «26 Market st.
FERRY— Foot : of Market sx , - - -.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as foliotre:
For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
Hzines. fikagway etc Alas-
ka— 11 a. m., Aujrust 29,
Sept 3. Change to company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle Ta-
comv Everett. Whateom—
11 a. ra AcKUst 29. S»>pt. 3. Change at S?a.u
t.e to this oompany'e ettamers for Alaska and
O. N . Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N P
Ky.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1-30
P. rr... August 26. S«pt. 1; Corona 1:30 p m
August 29. Sept. «. • v -.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angela and
Rcdondc). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 3 a. rn.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angflts Cvia San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara Santa Cixr Mon-
tfrt-y. San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford
(t>»n Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
ooos Bay. 0 a. m.. August 29 Sept. 6
Bcnlta. J» a. m.. Sept. 2.
Ens^r.ada. MaEdaiena Bay San Joee del
C-bo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa'z. Santa Ro-
salia. Cuaymas (Mei), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Rlcht Is reserved to change cteamers or sail-
"tICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery ftren «Palare Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight effle^. 10 Market street, f
C. D. DUNANN. General Pasfenrw Aitent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O- R- & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 51; S«>pt. 10 20 CO
Oct. 10. 2<t. 30. •¦Oorp<- W. Klder" rails Sept.
6, 15. 2'>. Oct. .', l.'i. 2."<. Only steamship line
to POP.TLAJCD. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all point* Cast. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or j-teamship and rail at
LOWE8T RATES, fiteamcr tickets Include
bt<rth end im-als. Steamer »=*iln foot of Spear
Ft. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass.
I>ejit.. 1 MontcoiTiery st.; C. <:LIFFORD. Gen
Agt. Fit. Dept.. « Montgomery rt.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA,
STEAMSHIP CO.)
Pteamers will leave wharf, corner Flrrt and
Brannan etrectp, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hiogo).
Nagasaki and fihanKhal. and connecting at
Hongkong with Btearr.ers for India, etc. .No
carpo received en l>oard on day of Bailing:.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 2«. 1003
K. g. HONGKONG MARU <calllnr at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARtT
Thursday. October 15. litOT.
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
%-atr-*. For 'reisrht and paiwage, apply at Com-
pany'i office, 421 Market street, corner Flrrt.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 5. 11 a.m
S t5. SONOMA. . for Honolulu. Bamoa* Auck-
land and Krdn«*y. Thurwlay. Sept. 17. 2 p. m
S. S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20 II a m"
IFHtcmi ft EECS.C3^ ILcia.. IetctS!fiss.E4 3 Ka.tcTS "
Frti^tC!&i.22l BatitSL.FbrEa. 7. Paiifc £L
CCKPAGKIE GENEEALE TRAN8ATLAKTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^.^.
every Thursday inFtfad of
Saturday, at 10 »u m.. from Pier 42, •»¦ *¦.!»
North Iilver, foot of Morton rtreet.
Firct-clasg to Ha\-re. ?70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre $15 and upward. GI?V-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. Fl'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. & Montgomery avenue. Fan Francisco.
Ttrket» gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mara Zslaad stsd Vallnjo wtcr.raera.
tteamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
*:«i a. til.. .'5:15 and 8:-'5O p. ra.. except Sunday.
Sunday. S<:45 a. ro., S:20 |>. m. I^eave Vallejo,
,7 a. rn.. 12:30 ncm, 6 p. ra.; ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 b. ra., <:10 p. rn. Fare, 50 cents Te«.
><aln ir,C?. I'lcr 1, Mitsion-st. Uoct HATCH
t:i:o£.
California
Limited...
To CHICAGO
An Ideal Train
[f§ll8ltllal F° r Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
"~~ Local LIm'd Local JO v'rl'd
Daily j Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 9:30a 4:00p 8:C0p
Ar Stockton.... . 10:40a 10:01 p 7:10pll:15p
"Merced 1:05 p 1:55 p 1:28 a
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:15 a
"Hanford 4:58 p 4:07 p 7:50 a
" Vlsalia 4:55 p 4:48 p 5:C0a
"Bakerafleld ... 7:15 p 6:00 p.. 7:35 a
"Kansas City t 2:35a 7:00a
"Chicago | 2:15p| 8:47p
a for morning: P for afternoon.
7:30 a. in. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
0:30 a. m Monday and Thursday is the
CALirOENIA UMXTSD, carrying* Pal-
ace Sleeping Cars and Dining: Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
0:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite-
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding: train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p m U Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Daily Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepera and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;, also
Palace Sleeper which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market atreet and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
, LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPAHT.
Tltraron Ferry, Toot of Marlcat St.
SAN 7SAKCISCO TO SAW BATAEXh
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30,-
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN PBANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 6:C5, 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20.
11:15 a.m.; 12:50. »2:C0. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclsco.l May 3, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- "7 Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tlon. | days. | Day.
•' 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 al 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2-30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p . and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a|10:20 a
8:C0a 8:00a Fulton. 7:25 pi 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p | 7:25 p
j Windsor.
7:30 a 7 30a| HealdsDurg. 10:20 a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 pi GeyservHle, 7:25 p 7:23 p
I Cloverdale.
7:3Oa| 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:C0 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllts. | 7 :25 p| 7 :25~p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| GuernevlHe. | 7:25 pf 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastcpol. ( 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect . at Green Brae for San
Qucntin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for SkaKgs Spring* : ¦ at Cloverdale for
the Geyserr, Booneville and • Green wool; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, riighlapd Springs,
Kelceyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's Riverside, Llerly's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Coraptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins; Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal : at . Willits for Fort Bra«!f.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
ville, Cumminrs, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
cen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agt.
FSrKSfeBJ • y&I €EbB*3 W3 BHynsMCM
* Km EmwS JL Vcji **v Wm
k a ft fa bAw tJ Mg& n IT flt-ja
D n TT O II 17 C roB - BARBERS. BA-
OJtlU DilJuO kera - bootblacks, bath.
~ w -^ houses, billiard Ubles.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makera, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. pape> •
hangers, printer*, painters, shoo factories,
•tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
¦ . ' BUCHANAN BROS, -
Brush SSanUvf actuxera, 609 Sacramento St.
1A/. X. HESS,
KOTAKT PUBLIC AND ATTOHNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claua Spreckel* bids.
i -'• ' '•"'• Telephone) Main 9S3. , •
Residence. 821 California st.. below ¦ Powell
T* niriAmnnm Taloohmift J»txxmm 1 l _ (
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
fM>la Line, Toot of Market Street )
VMKTtt — F»OM AUQt7»T tS. 1303. — ABMTJ
7.00a Benlcla. Sulsun, Elmlra and S«cx»-
meato Z? 5 '
7.00a VacaTllle, Winter*. Rumiey. 7-25r
7.30a M»rtiner, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Kapa. Callitoga. Santa Kosa S-ZSr
7.30a Nlles, Urermore, Lataro». Stock-
ton.... 7.2S»
8.00a D»Tl8."Woo<lI»n<l. KnUhts Landing. _^s,-
MarrcTllle. OrorUle, (connect*
at Mary sTtlle for Gridley, BUS*
andChieo) 7.5BF
8.00a Atlantic Express— OcdenaadEan. 10.25a
8. 00a Fort Conta. Martinez, Antioch. By-
roB,Traay,Stocktoo,Sacramento.
Loa Banoi. Mendota, Hanford,
Vlaalla. Porterrllle m4.25*
8.00a Port Coito, Martinez. Trtcy. Lath-
rop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Gos&en Junction, Hanford, Vfc
' tails, BakersUeld 525»
8.30a Shasta Ezpresa— Darla. wmtamt
(for Bartlett Springs). ¦Willows,
tFruto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7-65*
8-304 Kilei. San Jose, LIvermore. Stock-
ton,Ione.Sacr«tnento,Pl»cer»ille,
¦ MaryiTlIle. Chlco. Ued Blaff 42Sr
8 30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown, So- ¦
¦ora, Tnolnmne and Angela *iS T
9 00a Martinez aad Way Stations. 8.55c
1000a Vallejo 12.25»
10.00a El Pud Passentr^r. Eaatbonnd.—
Port Costa, Martlne*. Byron.
Tmcy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced, Kaymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. VUalia, Bakerafleld. Loa
Angelea and El Paao. (West
bound arrives via Coaat Line)... «1.3D?
1000a The OTerland Limited — Ogden,
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago. 62§f>
1200m nvrw.nl. Nlleaand Way Sutlont, 325p
11.00* Sacramento Hirer Steamers tiVQOr
330f Bentcla. 'Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams, Colusa.Wtl-
lows, Knixhts Landing. Marrs-
Tllle, Orovllle and way sutlons. . 10 55 a
330p Hayward, J?lles and Way Station!.. 755p
4£Qt MarOnez.San Ramon. ValleJo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santa Uosa 3 25*
400p Martinez, Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 1025a
400? Niles. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2Sp
4 30p Hay ward. Nllea, Irrlngton. San I t8.53»
Joae. LIT ermore ( til. 55a
B.00f The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
BakersKeld. Los Ancelea 8.55a
S.COr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Lot
Banoa 1 2| 5f
15 30r Hayward, Mies and 6an Jose 7 ?5a
• 6-OOp Hayward, Nlles and Saa Joae 10 2&A
Wlto |v»»ejo 7.5i»
6-COr Oriental Mall— Sacramento, Ogden.
Denrer. Omaha. St. Lonla. Chl-
cajo»ndEa*t. (Carries flrst-elasa
passengers only ous of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist car aad coach
passengers for point* beyond
Sacramento take 7.00 r. x. tra'.a
to Reno, continuing thence la
their ears C p.m. train eastward .. 4.29*
7J)0r Port Costa, Benicla. Salsun, I>«vls,
Sacramento. Truckee. Reno.
Stops at all stations eaat of
Eacrameato 7-53a
7-CCr Ean Pablo. Port Ccsta, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
B.CSr Oregon A California Eiprwa— 8so-
ramento, MarysTllle, Redding,
Portland, Paget Sound and East. 8.53a
tS.IOr Hayward, Nlles and San Jose <Snn-
dayonly) JII.SSa
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced, Raymond (to To-
aemlte), Fresno, Hanford, VI-
salla. Baker*fl«ld 12 25y
COAST LINE (JUrrtm tiMga).
(Foot of Market Street)
$745a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only) J8-10*
8.15a Newark. Centerrtlle. San Joae.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Statlona & 2Si>
12.1 5r Newark, Centerrille. 8an Joae.
New Almaden.Los Gato*. Felton.
Boulder CrreSc. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 1055a
4.167 Newark. San Jose. Loa Gatos aad
way station:) (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa .
Cruz). Connecta at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek t8.S5 A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO. Fool of Market 9c (SUp.t)
— fJ:lS 1:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 5.15 r.x.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O *3:<tt
18:08 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Uroad lianice).
(V (Tnlrd and Townseud Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6-30*
1700 a San Joae and Way Statlona 538 f
!7.1oa Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) :3 30i*
/800a New Almadea (Tuea.. Frld.) /4.10*
(1.00a Coast Line Limited— Stopaonly Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. CastroTllle, Sa-
Unas. Saa Ardo, Paso Roblea,
Santa Margarita. San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalupv, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Saugua
and Los Angeles. Connection as
Cartroville to and from Monterey
and Paoinc. Grove 10-43*
8-COa Ean Jose. Trea Plnos, Capltola.
SantaCruz.Paclflc OroTe.Saltnas,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20?
1140a Cemetery PaMenser— South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.C5?
11 -30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Loa Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30r
a1-30r Ean Jose and War Stations x700p
2.C0p tan Jose and Way Stations {9 40a
2.30P Cemetery Pasaenecr— South San
Francisco. San Bruno 4 35r
t3.00P De) Monte F.xpress— Santa Clara.
- Ean Jose. Del Montr. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
- ___ Creek and Narrow Gauce Points) t12-15r
3-iOr Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
HurMnRamr.Pan M* tro.Kertwood,
Menlo Park.Palo Alto Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara. 8an Jose, fGllroy. Ilollla-
ter, Tres Plnoa), Plijaro. Watson-
Mlle. Capltola, Santa Cruz, Caa-
— troville, Saltnaa*. 10-45*
4.30r Ean Jose and Way Station* 8-3Sa
IBXOp San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Loa
tiato*. Wright and Principal Way
SUtlons tSOOA
553Cr San Jo*e and Principal Way Stations t3.0CU
t Ci&r ban Mateo.Beresford.Belmont.8an
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Part. Palo Alto 19 55'
6.30p San Jose and Way Statlona. 63Sa
7-MJp 8uneet Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Loa
Angeles. Demlnc El Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
anlTes Tla 9*n Jcs^utn Valley) ... w«.2S A
e. OOr Palo Alto andWay Stations 1015a
11-3CP South San Francisco. Mlllome.l
Burllnpanie. San Mateo. Bel- I
moat. San Carlos, Redwood, | ,>,.
Fstr Oak*. Menlo Park. Palo )¦ ISiSi
Alto. Mayfleld. Monntala View, j ?»•«'*
Sunnyvaie. Lawrence, Santa
CUra and San Jose J
' A for Morn In if. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Sunday only,
{ Stops at all nations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coaat Line. v VK San Joaqaln Valley.
f» Arrive t1» NUea. J Tuesday and Friday.
KVOnlr trains utopplng at Valencia St. southbound
areS:10A.M..t7:HiA.M..Il:tOA.M..2:fOr.li.and6:C0P.l».
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Ti» SiiuaUt* Itnj Arrive
Saa Fran. .*** *< lUrkst ft. Saa Fraa.
Week Sun- LJtm_ Sun* Week
»:45a »:OOa F^Jpj&M 1 i:OOy tf: 1.5T
»sI*71O:OOa 3:30p3:S0f
IsfaWys talj. tor* TswraT a:3Or.amwtf.^ITao^
™H* \ *<* -Majuuct St., (North Shore Kailroadj""
OrflCB ) and Saw^uto Fga K v Foot VtarVai Su
TheT Weekly CalL
81 per Year. ':J
5 SAIL WAY t 5 a 75l_^^^^~- ~~~
Shortest Line
Thro' Colorado.
The shortest line from California to the
East through Colorado is the Rock Island via
Colorado Springs. i
Thro' car service is as follows: Standard f
sleeping car for Chicago leaves San Francisco
io.oo a. m. daily.
Thro' tourist sleepers leave 8.00 a. m.
Sundays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
All cars pass through the best of Colorado's |
scenery by daylight.
P l iTlJ 1 Wrl if IB u '* i n^ orma^ oa oa request.
/^^¦Ml4ll^ F " W * TH °M pSO 'X> Gene" 1 Western Ajent,
|i&5CTaaSS§^! ' 623 Mirlcet Street, Sin Francisco.Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange. yesterday: .
PACIFIC' STOCK EXCHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 15 60© Exchequer . . . OJJ
100 Caledonia 90 400 Hals & Norc. 40
600 Con NY.... 12 100 Seg Belcher.. 10
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha ... 06 ICO Occidental ... 3fi
500 Andes .*. * 14 200 Overman .... 22
600 Caledonia .... 81 500 Potosi n
100 Caledonia .... 80 300 Savage ...... 23
100 Challenge ... 25i 300 Seg Beleher.. 09
300 Challenge ... 23[ 3OO.SUrrm Ne.v... 57
100 Con Cal & V.I 4O 100 Sierra Ner... 54
800 Crown Pornt.. 12' 4OO Union Con... 5»
400 Gould A Cur.-*-23 100 Yel Jacket.... 82
100 Hale & Norc. 38 100 Yel Jacket.... 50
60 Hale & Norc. 3rt 10O Y«l Jackat.... 49
200 Mexican 95 200 Yel Jacket.... 49
Mining Stocks.
Increasing activity in local stocks and bonds
is observable on the Bond Exchange, and yes
terday morning's business was better than for
a long time. ' Fluctuations, however, wero
neither numerous nor pronounced. Mutual
Electric was lower at $13 87%@13 62%, while
Pacific Gas Improvement was higher at
$53®53 25. California Fruit Canners was
weaker at $30@89 50. The oil stocks were
dull and not materially changed. •
The afternoon market was quieter,'
with sales of Alaska Packers at'$147 60@148.
The East Sierra Nevada Mining Company
has levied an as«essment of 5 cents per share,
delinquent September 23.
. An assessment of $4 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the stock of . the OrovUlo
Water Company. ....
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California has
been called for October 28 to vote, upon a prop
osition to . create a bonded indebtedness of
$860,000 in 5 per cent 40-year bonds.
The special meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water Works, for the pur
pose I of assenting to the transfer of the com
pany's property to the new corporation, has
been further postponed to September 23.
• An assessment of $24 per share was delin
quent yesterday upon the capital stock of the
Alaska Salmon Association of San Francisco.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Aug. 27—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I - 'Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... — ' — 4s qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg... — — -fils qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — OT Co Cs... — "l22*4
Bay CPC 5s. — 106 Do 5s — 113?i
Cal C G 5s.:— 106 Do con. 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic 8 5a. — —
& ct 5s... — — Om C R 6a. — 125
Cal-st C 6s. Pac G Imh — — '
C C.Wat 5s. — 102 P E Ry 58.100%,— ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinued quiet and generally easy. Sales for
October and November delivery for prime have
been around 5%c, though slightly better*
prices are now asked. Spot supplies are dull
at about the recent figures. Common. 4@5c;
prime. 5>405%c; choice,- 6©C%c, and fancy.
« a i©7%c.
PRUNES— Steady to firm; 3%c to 7c for all
Continue firm, with new choice
8"jiO'.»%c: old, 8Vi@894c, and fancy. 12c.
PEACHES are In moderate demand and
steady at 7©7%c for choice and 7%©8c for
fancy.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot quiet. Coffee futures closed
net 10 points higher. Total Bales. 05,700 bags,
including: September, 3.75c; November, 3.90c;
December. 4.30c; January. 4.00c; March, 4.60c.
SUGAR — Raw strong: refined flrih.
DRIED FRUITS.
. NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,242 barrels; exports, 459S; more active and
strongly held.
WHEAT — Receipts, 6S25. Spot firm. No. 2
red SOc elevator and SSc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 00c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, 90c f. o. b. afloat. Further etrong
advances occurred in wheat this morning as
a result of more rains in the Northwest, higher
English cables and bullish crop news from th«
United Kingdom. At noon It quieted down and
later reacted under poor export prospects, but
closed steady at l%c net advance. May, RX%qp
89%c, closed 89c; September, 87%-©87Tfcc,
closed 87 %c; December, 87 7-l«@88*,4c, closed
at HOPS— Firm. Pacific coast, 1902,' 10«?25%c.
HIDES— Steady. , ¦ :'• • ,'"
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
••The Southwest are good buyers. Minneapo
lis reports an excellent cash inquiry and a
much Better demand for Flour. Th$ North
western Miller nays that ¦ the Northwestern
crop has been underestimated, especially in
South Dakota, where the crop has lately been
showing marked improvement. Indianapolis
wires that Kentucky millers are In that mar
ket for Wheat at 4c over Chicago, and that
local millers are unable ,to buy Wheat in the
country and have been drawing on .their ele
vator stocks for a week or ten days. The
English, German and Auatrian markets are all
firm on bad weather."
In this market futures were higher again,
but the cash grain remained as previously
quoted, with buyers and sellers apart in their
views.
CASH WHEAT.
Calif crnia Club. -1 45®1 60; California
White Australian' $1 55©1 60;. Northern Club,
51 4501 50; Northern Blue Stem, $1 55@l 07%:
Oregon Valley. $1 62%. * n '
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. close
December ...$1 48% $1.41>U $1 48 $1 '48%
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. " Close
December ...$1 48% $1 4Sfc $1 48% $t 4S%
May 1 40 1 49 1 49 1 49
BARLEY— There w*s very active buying of
future* yesterday, as ¦ local operators, unable
to get sufficient supplies in the spot caBh mar
ket, had to resort to the Pjt- Future quota
tions accordingly ranged etlll higher, but the
cash grain, though, firm, was unchanged, v. .¦
¦ CASH BARLEY.
Feed $110©112%: Shipping .and Brewing.
$1 lbQIZQ: Chevalier. $1 20(&l 60. tor lair 10
cholce - FUTURES.; '
- Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. ' High. . Low. close
Dumber -V™^*^ »* W U*
Open. 'High. Low. Close
December ...91 11% *1 u % »* "H' U 11%
OATS — The Government order for 1200 tons,
for which bids were opened_ some days ago,
has been awarded to a local firm. The market
rules steady at previous prices. >--. -
White. $1 20<gl 30: Black. $1 30®l 45; Red,
$1 1501 22% for common , and . $1 25®1 30 for
choice: Gray, nominal. "
- CORN— The Chicago market is firm and
fractionally higher, with heavy rains through
out - Um» Wast. Th« : Cincinnati Price Current
WHEAT— The market seems to be in good
and Improving condition all) over the world,
with more tendency to fluctuate. Liverpool
futures were higher and Paris futures lower
yesterday. • <• ¦
Chicago was %c higher, with a good cash
demand, small receipts and no accumulation
of stock. ' Wires to Bolton, de Ruyter & Co:
said :
Wheat and Other Grains.
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 27.
Flour, qr sks. -.15.416 .Wool, bales .... 3«8
Wheat, ctls 6.01H Fhorts. sks 425
Barley, ctls 13.313 Screenings, sks.. 20O
Oats, ctls 3,T«fi|Tallow. ctls .... 222
Corn, ctls 270 Straw, tons .... 30
Rye. ctls 5W Hides, No 496
Potatoes, sks ... 5.44." PeJts, No' 45
Onions, sks 02.T Leather, rolls ... 4«
Bran, sks : 1.1C3 Lime-, bbls ...... 504
Middlings, sks... 2S3 Wine, gals 27,5"-n
Hay, tons 1.475 Quicksilver, fisks 10
Receipts of Produce.
Dried Fruits, NUts,Raisws,Hohey.
The market shows no . change. The demand
Local trading in fruits was fairly active,
but there was not much- doing in the shipping
line. The canners were still In the market
for clingstone Peaches and the top rate for
bulk stock was easily obtained for choice lots.
Clingstones in small packages were neglected,
but choice frees were in demand at steady
priccB. Good s6und stock In carriers were also
firm, but a large proportion of the offerings in
such packages were of poor quality, hence
the wide range in prices. Canning Plums and
Pears were scarce and choice lota of green
stock would have commanded a premium of $5
per ton over the quoted rates had there been
any available. Ripe Pears in regular boxes
were plentiful and easy. Stocks of Apples.
Plums and PruneB in small shipping packages
were heavy and prices stood as previously
quoted, with the market easy. Receipts of
Grapes were light but ample, and, as there
was very little demand for shipping, prices
ranged lower. Offerings in large open boxes
moved slowly, most Of the. stock being green or
sour. Strawberries. Raspberries and Black
berries were In fair request and price3 stood
about the tame. Huckleberries were too
scarce to quote. Figs and Quinces were easier
under increased receipts. The market was
still badly congested with I Cantaloupes and
Nutmeg Melons, and there were no established
prices for the general run of supplies. Water
melons were well cleaned up and firm.
- There was nothing new to report in Citrus
fruits Ripe Bananas were offering freely and
iret with a fair demand at good prices.
'STRAWBERRIES— $2@4 for Mallndas and
$4® 6 for other large varieties; Long worths,
n0 RASPBJ3RRIES— $7010 per chest, with some
fancy at*ll«*12.
nLACKBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— c per lb.
APPLES— 85c@$l per box for fancy, 50®75c
for good to choice and 25®40c for common:
Crabapples, 25@35c for small boxea and 40#
Bartletts. 65c0$l for fancy and
50iff"5c for No. 2: per ton,' $20@35; winter va
rieties. 40@65c per box.
QUINCES— 40®65c per box.
PIGS 60@85c per box for black and 40@65c
fO pLUMs" and PRUNES— 35©50c per crate and
25®30c per box; large open Voxes, 40@S5c, ac
cord in K to size; per ton. $20S25.
NECTARINES — Nominal.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 40@65c for ordinary
and 75c for choice mountain^ fruit; carriers, 40
©75c: large open, boxes. 50©75c; per ton. $20®
or i for clingstone. ¦-« . «¦
GRAPES— Small boxes, 35®65c; crates, 60®
85u; large open boxes, '75c©$l. _ •
MELONS— Cantaloupes. a5c@$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 15@*>e p«r box; Watermelons,
$S(B20 per hundred.
CITRUS i FRUITS— Oranges,* $2 6003 for
fancy Valenclas; ." $1 75®2 25 for choice and
$101 25 for standard; Seedlings, $l@l 25; Lem
ons 75cS$2 60 per box. with some fancy
hi'-her; Grape Fruit, $1 25@2; Mexican Limes.
$4<&4 50- Bananas. $1*12 60 per. bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 75@2 60 for-Cenral Ameri
can; .Pineapples.. $2@3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sterling Exchange. Blxty days.... — $4 gja^
Sterling Exchange, sight ...."..... — 4 80%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 $7^
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 071^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
blH'er. per ounce — 50 .
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA. Aug. 27. — Wheat— Nominal. Blue
stem, S3c; club. 80c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 27.— Clearings, $574,540;
balances. £5(5.705.
TACOMA, Aug. 27.— Clearings. $334,697
balances, $:!4.742.
PORTLAND. Aug. 27.— Clearings. $361,275
balances, $4«,S26.
SPOKANE, Aug. 27. — Clearings, $272,r!00;
balances. $"5,3CG.
CHEESE— New, 12#i:!c; Young America,
13%6U%C; Eastern. 15@lGc; Western, 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 31®32c for large white select
ed and 2Sil'J0c for good to choice; store, 22% ffp
27c; cold storage, 2Hc; Eastern, 18J?23c ] per
dozen.
Butter is generally quoted top-heavy. Fancy
creameries keep up. but seconds and dairy de
scriptions are weak and offered to buyers at
concesElona. The retailers are now freely re
sorting to cold storage goods, and this of course
operates against fresh stock.
Cheese, too. is showing a steady increase In
the spct supply and the market Is weak, with
a tendency among the trade to quote lo*er
prices.
Eggs are no higher, and the advance seem«
to be arrested for the present, as Eastern and
cold-etorage stock are being taken by retailers
on account of tlu-Ir comparative cheapness.
Stocks of fine fresh ranch, however, continue
light..
Receipts were 29,000 lbs Butter, 662 cases
Eg-gs and 74,400 lbs Cheese. . <|
BUTTKR — Creamery, 27*/2Sc for extras and
25(&2Uc for seconds; Oalry, 2l@25c; store But
ter. 17^?2Oc; Eastern. 22Ji24c. • •
Buticr, Cheese and Eggs.
.9/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27. — Wool steady. Medium
grade3, combing dnd clothing. 10j?21c; light
fine. 10(S:i7%c; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub washed
20<52II%C.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— The cotton market
cpened steady at unchanged prlcee to in ad
vance of 2 points on all positions except De
cember, which was one point lower. The close
was at practically the lowest of the session
and easy in tone at a net decline of 2 to ;. 13
points.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 27.— Cotton easy
Middling, 12%c.
Eastern Cotton Market.
COAL Oil.— W«t»r Wh'te Coal Oil In bulk
He: Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c; Astral 20^c'
Star. 20%c; Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine, 28%c-
Eccene. 23'ic; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk 17c: in cases. 23%c: Benzine. In bulk
13c: in cases. 19iic: Srt-degree Gasoline, la
bulk 21c: in cases. 27%e.
TURPENTINE— 7Sc per gallon Id cases and
7*»c in drums and iron barrels.
"RED AND WHITE LEAD-Red Lead. 6®
C%c per lb; White Lead, C@6%c. according to
qU RICE— China No. 2. $1 32%^4 37% ; No 1
$5 7505 90: extra No. 1. «li 40©6 45; Haw
aiian. $4 00®5; Japan. $5 35S6; Louisiana.
$4 50i37.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c-
Powdered. 5.fioc; Candy Granulated; 5.60c- Drv
Granulated, flno. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 6.50c: Beet Granulat
er (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners* A.
5.50c: .Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. 5c: Golden
C. 4.r>0c: "T>." 4.S0c: • barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes* 50c more: 50-lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels'
«c; boxes. IkSSc per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
BAG? — Grain Bacs. 5€?5*4c; ! S*n Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags,' 32f?35c; Fleece Twine.'7'
«c; Cotton Fruit Bags. ti%c, «%c and 7*«jc tor
the three grades: Brown Jute. 6Vi@7%c
COAL— Wellington ' $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. <S 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50: Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 !n bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton;
Coke, $11 50013 per ton in hulk and $15 in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
20OO lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for' raw
in barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 3V>c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained^ barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57%«?<^c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 75c: cases. SOfc: Sperm, pure.
70c- Whale Oil, natural white. 50@55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases. 50c; Co
coanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon aad Me
for Australian.
General Merchandise.
Afternoon Session.
Board! —
700 Home 1 17V1
300 Home. s. 80 * J JJt*
6100 Independence 17
10 Kern River 11 oo
50S.»F. * McKittrick :S
1203 Reed Crude , St
200 Monarch 82
Street— • M
100 Horn* ! 17^
Bid. Aaked.
Caribou Oil Co . , 70 80-
Four Oil ................. .... - 70
Hanford Oft 130 00 134 00
Home Oil 1 15 1 17
Imperial OH 19 OO
Independence Oil 17 18
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil BOO 5 50
Lion Oil 03 ....
Monte Cristo Oil 65 70
Monarch Oit 80 St..
Oil City Petroleum 29 30
Peerle-js Oil 13 50 14 0O
Reed Crude OU 4O 41
San Joaquln Oil 5 50
Sterling Oil -2 95
Thirty-Three Oil ft 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 3 80 4 40
Union Oil 6S 00
United Petroleum 113 OO
West Shore Oil 300 325
Miscellaneous — .
Abby Land & Improvement. 1 25 1 50
Alameda Sugar ' 290O
American Biscuit 8S00 9500
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal. Central Gas 8c. Electric. ....
Cal. Cotton Mills 88 00
Cal. Jockey Club 105 OO
Cal. Powder ....
Cal. Shipping Co 25 OO
Cal. Title Ins. A Trust 130 00 140 OO
Cen. Bank of Oakland CO 00
Chutes Company 850
City and County Bank .*
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co ..... 6 50
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation ....
Equitable (Pool) Gas
Gas Consumers' Asa'n .... .... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 13 00
London A S. F. Bank (Ltd.
Mercantile Trust .... ....
Northern Cal. Power .... 95O
Nevada National Bank ..". j ....
North Shore Railroad 10 00 ....
Orpheum Company ...; 15 00
Pacific States Tel ft Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint 3300 ....
Pcstal Device A Imp ....
San Francisco Dry Dock . . 47 0O
Saumllto Land and Ferry.. 18 ot>
Sperry Flour Company 27 BO 3O 0O
Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 18 OO
Union Sugar 2250
United Gas and Electric .. ..34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
SALES.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
18S0 Home 1 trti
100 Home 1 20
1000 Independence, s. 30. ; 17
2000 Independence, s. 30............ . 17
1000 Independence 17
lOOO Lion C3
150 Occidental 10
50 Caribou 75
10 Kern River n 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Receipts of .California Poultry were moderate
and the market Was "In fair shape for good
stock. Good large fowl. "such as Hens Fry
ers and young - Roosters, were wanted,' and
there waa continued firmness In that line of
goods. Small stock continued rather weak, "al
though the market cleaned up well. The sec
ond car of Western for, the week was on sale
and met with a good demand. Another car is
scheduled for to-daj's market. There were no
changes in Game. Receipts were light and
cleaned up well.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal- Geese
per pair. $1 25gl 50; Goslings, $1 5001 75;
Ducks, $:*(^4 per dozen for old and $3@4 50
for young: Hens,- $4 50f?5 50: young Roosters
$5<?« 50; eld Roosters. $4 5005; Fryers $3 50«
4 50; Broilers, $:i@3 50 for large and ?2f?2 50
for small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 50(81 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 2oigl 70 per dozen;
Hare. $1@1 25; Wild Doves. 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Pears nearly all picked, yield was
fair; prunes doing well.
Napa — Fruit conditions rood.
Willows — Grain harvest over.
Palermo— Orange crco looking ttcII and ir
rigating water in abundance
Stockton— Hot dry north wind bringing out
color on grape crop.
Livermore — Muscat grapes nearly ripe.
HoIIister — Almonds doing well <juality bet
ter than last _j-ear,. - ...
Santa Maria— Cool weather all week- early
beans began cutting -earlier than usual
Cloverdale — Plum picking begun.
Har.furd— Excellent weather for drying fruit
crop in good share.
ALEXANDER G. Mc-ADIE.
I Section Director.
Spelter was 2s 5d higher in London, closing
there at £21 Os, but remained firm here at
$6.
Iron closed at' 51s 9d In Glasgow and at 4Ca
10%d in MIddlesboro. Locally iron was quiet.
"No. 1 foundry, Northern, $17 50@18; -' No. 2
foundry. Northern. $.16 50fil7; No.. 1 foundry.
Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft,
$10 50(317.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Spot tin advanced 7s
6<1 to £126 10s In London and 5» to £124 5s
for futures. Locally tin was steady with spot
at $27 0O@2S.
Copper also was a little higher in London,
spot there advancing 7s fid to £58 5a, while fu
tures were 10s higher at £57 lla. 6d. Locally
copper was quiet. Lake. $13 75©13 87%; elec
trolytic. $13 62%@13 75; casting, J13 37%CJ
13 50.
Lead was 1« 3d lower in London at £11 3s
6d. but unchanged here at $4 25.
New York Metal Market.
K 2 a 5 o <
hS h? pZ. <:<• o sr o»
STATIONS. S 3 3 3 I- I P- 3 I
c c ?„ • : •
2 2 « a •
? ? & !*< " • *
¦ - jf ¦ • ¦ *
Cloverdale 87 r>7 ... Clear ..
Colusa 90 BS ... Clear
Eureka 62 62 ... Clear NW 8
FVegno jMj m ... Clear W Lt
Hanfcrd HO 54 ... Clear
HoIIister S« 43 ... Clear W
I Independence . . 8« f>R ... Clear SE 12
j King City an 4N ... Clear N Lt
Livermore 95 51 ... Clear
I Los Angeles .... 78 60 ... Clear W 10
j Napa 91 61 ... Clear
1 Newman 100 55 ... Clear
Palermo ft6 49 ... Clear 8
PorterviNe :>« hi ... Clear W
Red B!uff J><5 5S ... Clear 6 Lt
Riverside RS 49 ... Clear
Sacramento 1*4 !•<* . . . Clear E Lt
San r>i?go 74 62 ... Clear NW 10
Pan Francisco.. fiS .VI ... Pt.Cldy W 20
F. L. Ohitpo 74 W) ... Clear W Lt
Santa Maria ... 73 58 ... Clear W Lt
BOM 90 46 ... Clear
Stockton 90 60 ... Clear N
Willows 92 60 ... Clear E
Offerings of Hoss to packers from country
sellers continue to increase, and the weak tone
noted yesterday continues, though . there Is no
further decline.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:^
BEEF— 6©7c for Steers and 5®Cc »per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7®8c; small. 9910c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@8%c; Ewes. 8c per lb
LAMB— 9®10c per lb-
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8W©9%e per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San FrancU.-o, less 50
per cent shrinkage fcr Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 809c; Cows and Heifers.
768c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4©5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, -tc; Ewes, 3%®J%c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75®3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 6c; under
140 lbs, 5%$5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
-50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent oil from
above quotations.
Meat Market.
SHEEP — Receipts. 18,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $;>4j3 70; fair
to choice mixed, $2 2.1^3; Western sheep. $2 75
@3 60; native lambs, $3 50@4 75; Western
lambs, $*l@5.
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts.
9000 including 300 Texans and 2000 Western;
market slow; good to prime steers, $5 3O®6;
poor to medium. $4©5; stockers and feeders.
$2 50<§4 25; cows. $1 5<X34 50; heifers, J2@
4 75; canners. $1 50®2 70; bulls, $2@4 40;
calves. $3@6 75; Texas fed steers. $3 25@5 15;
Western steers, $3 25^4 80.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 26.000; to-morrow.
15,000. steady, 10c lower; mixed *nd butchers,
$5 10(g5 85: good to choice herfvy, $5 25@5 55;
rough heavy, $4 S0®5 20; light, $5 fKNgtf; bulk
of sales, $5 20@5 50.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
All descriptions of vegetables were In free
supply. and although prices showed little
change the market had an easy tone with
prices tending downward. Green Corn contin
ued to arrive freely and the bulk of the of
ferings were of poor quality and dragged at
easy rates. Tomatoes were In heavy receipt
and prices had a further decline. The can
ners were picking up small lots at easy prices.
String. Wax and Lima Beans were plentiful
and dragged. Poor Llmaa were offering freely
at SI per sack. ' The other vegetables were
well cared for at steady prices.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 50c®
$1 per ctl in sacks and $1@1 15 in boxes; Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 40(gl 65 per ctl; Early Rose,
nominal: Sweet Potatoes, 2<§2%c per lb.
ONIONS — 5(*S?65c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c@l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1@1 50; from
Berkeley. 50c@$l: Green Peas. 3@4c per lb:
String Beans, lH«2c per Ib; Wax, l%@2c:
Lima Beans. l%@2c P e r i D: Tomatoes, 35©
60c per box fcr river and C0Q65C for bay: Sum
mer Squash, 30® 40c per box; Cabbage 75c@$l
per ctl; Carrots. 75c@$l per sack; Cucumbers,
30@ 50c P<r box; Pickle Cucumbers. $1 25@1 50
per box for No. land 75c<3$l for No. 2; Gar
lic. 2®3c per lb; Green Peppers. J{5ig40c per
box or sack; Green Okra, 25@40c per box-
Egg Plant. 40<860c per box; Marrowfat Sauash.'
$10® 15 per ton. • .
Conditions in the market stood as previously
reported, supplies being liberal, the demand for
shipping light and a generally weak feeling
prevailing. Even the very best Salinas Bur
banks were quoted lower. Sweet Potatoes
wore In free supply and barely steady at the
previously quoted rates. Onions ruled weak,
with stocks steadily accumulating.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Wheat— Au S- Nov.-Feb.
Open.ng 2|35 ; : |i |o
Closing -^10 V -1 JO
Opening" 30 25 2? 20
Closing 29 70 28 20
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Deo
Opening 6 6% 8 6% 6 7%
Closing. « «% „, 6 6% 6 7
PARIS.
Foreign Futures.
- HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, .;. 10c: medium. 9c: light. 8c; Cow
Hides, - 8c for heavy and 8c for light:
Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9%c:
Baited Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®30c
'each: short wool. 40@50c each; medium, 70®
90c; long wool, $1@1 50 each: Hone Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium, ?2 for small and 50c for Colts; Hors«
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1®1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry raited
Mexican. 26c: dry Central American. 32%c.
Goat Sklns-;-Prtme Angoras. 75c: large and
smooth. 5Oc;" medium, 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. I rendered. 4%@4%c per lb:
No. 2. 4©4*4c; grease. 2%®3c.
WOOI> — Fall clip — San Joaqufn Lambs' 9Q
12c: Foothill. 10©12c; Middle County, 11©135.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendodno, 18620c; Nevada, 13@15c-
Valley Oregon, fine, lS@19c; do. medium 170
18c; do coarse. 16@17c per Ib.
HOPS— 20©21c per lb for both 1902 and 1903.
Hides, Tallow,' Wool and Hops.
(130th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
KAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 27 — 5 p. m.
e b K c » »s
3 ?E S f ft *
FTA-J10NS. 7 i; i= ss ?" Sf
, i : . r . £ 5 £ r ? £
• c c • • a
* * '. '. '•
P.aker 3O.O6 72 44 FE Clear .0*»
•drron 2».«fl Kt 42 NE Clear .00
Hureka 2H.»H <3 T4t NW Clear .00
i"rnmo .......23.80 !W T,H W Clear .00
r >l'ftAff ...:.'ja.H0 78 44 W Pt CWjr .00
¦'^'i'P«ndfr.e* .2S.S2 64 5« HE .Clear .<)0
' - An*elps..:».92 7S fiO W Clear .00
-¦'! Tamalpals29.9i HO ¦ (M JCW Clear .00
N»rth Head S8
I'K'*niK 23.72 J00 7« W Cleat '.<J0
'• «tello 3O.fK« 70 4S *W Clear .00
''•-tland 2S.&2 SO TA NW Pt Cldy .f<0 1
J'ilnt Reyes... ri.JW <!2 T.2 NW Dns Fg .00
''.' i B-uff ' 29.tiO :-•; f& fi Clear .00 '
Koteburf 23. 92 «4 48 N Clear : .00
Pi ramejito . .23.80 04 r.8 E Clear .00!
Salt Lake ...3<».O4 ,70 f/0 N Clear .00 i
Saa Fr»nci»co.2».ft2 cm M W I»t Cldy .'rO ;
P- L Obinpo. .2».ftrt 74 50 *W Clear .00]
Diego - - ."23. W) 74 <a NW Oar .00 !
..1 30.00 r* 54 W Cloudy .00
ftO.O4 74 52 NE Clear \I2
Tttooeh 30.02 m r,2 SE Cloudy .OS
Walla. 29. 96 R2 54 NE Clear .00
¦'¦(nn.^ueca .30.00 7S :$4 .... Clear ..CO
Yu-r'*__ 23.74 OS 70 XV Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
J FORECAST. . " ,
Th* pressure has fallen rapidly over Oregon
; 'm v. hlnsrlon - Ov#>r L'tah there ha* been a
?-.lgr.t rise, a depression of the usual summer
type ovtr-iies Arizona and Eastern California
*tn<J *«rm«:r u-eather may be expected In lhe N
interior, wj-up cooler weather with fog Will
pr 'JX atI 'iong the coaat.
TT-i tecioerature haa already risen 10 d»-
Con for money.i»0 1-16'N Y Centr.il ...124%
Con for account.90 9-l«;Norfolk & West.. 64> 4
Anaconda 4Vij Do pfd 90
Atchison 64 lOntario & West. 24%
Do pfd 91% [Pennsylvania .... Ki%
Bait & OIiIj 84%lRand Minrs 10
{•anadian Pacific. 127% 'Reading 28%
Chesap & Ohio... 34'i Do 1st Drd 40%
Chicago G W.V. mi; Do 2d DM 34%
*rhl Mil Sc St P.. 145 Southern Ky 22%
DeBeers 20%) Do pfd 17%
Denver & R G.. 25 jSouthern Pac ... 46
Do pfd 80% jUnion Pacific ... 75%
Erie 30%i Do pfd 87
Do let PM l£% U S Steel 23*4
Do 2d pfd .... 54 Do pfd 73
Illinois Central... 137 % Wabarh .22
Louis &¦ Nash. ..107% Do pfd 37
Mo Kan & Tex.. 20%'
Bar silver, uncertain, 25 15-lCd per ounce.
Money IV- @2 per cent. The rate of discount
in the ooen market for short bills is 2% per
cent and for three months' bills is 2% per
cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Miscellaneous — Tamarack 100
American Sugar. .115Vj Trlmountain .... 80%
Do pfd 132% Trinity 74'i
Amer Tel & Tel.. 9 iUnlted States ... 1!)%
Dom I & Steel. ..lfil Utah 77%
Gen Electric 21% Victoria 3%
Mass Electric .. 79% Winona 8%
Mining — Wolverine 72
Adventure <5
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco: 10.000 at
$78 50 10,000 at $78 62%, 5000 at 178 50. .
NEW YORK BONDS. f
U S ref 2s reg. . .106% lUmis & N Unl 4s. f>8%
Do coup IOC's, jilex Cent 4s ... 74
Do 3s reg 100% Do 1st ine 17
Do coup 106% Minn & St L 4s. 97T»
Do new 4s reg. 134 >M K & T 4s 95
Do coup 134 I Do 2ds 76%
Do old 4s reg.. 109 I" Y Cent gen 3%s 95V4
Do coup 1C9 N J Cent gen 5s. 128
Do 5s reg 101*4 Nor Pac 4s 100%
Do coup 101 «4 Do 3s 70%
Atch gen 4s WUiiNor & W con 4s. 93%
Do adjt 4s S9% Read Gen 4s 91%
Balto & Ohio 4s. «9% St L & I M c 5s. Ill
Do 3%s 101 1, St L & 8 F 4s.. 92
Do Conv 4s 96 St L S W lsts... 9t%
Canada So 2ds ..107 Do 2ds 72
Cent of Ga 5s ..104 S A & A P 4s... 76%
Do 1st inc 74 iSouthern Pac 4s.. 86
Che s & O 4%s...lO2&» (Southern Ry 5s.. 113
Chi & lAton 3%s. 73% Tex & Pac lsU:..112
C B & Q new 4s. 91%;Tol St L & W 4s. 72
C M & S P g 4S.103 Union Pac 4s 93%
Chi & N W c 7c.l30%| Do conv 4s 94%
C R I & P 4s 99%. Wabash lsts 114%
C. C C & S L g 4s 95%! Do 2ds 104
Chi Term 4s 73 | Do Deb B .'50'-
Colo & Bo 4s ... 83% West Shore 4s ...lOO^
D & R G 4s . 98%, Wheel & L,E 4s. 90
Erie prior lien 4s. OC'.iWia Cent 4a R9%
Do gen 4s 82%iCon Tobacco 4«.. Bti-'ls
Ft W & D C lsts.lO4 Colo F & I c 5s.. 79
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4 Manhattan 101%
Rock Island 73 US Steel 79
Pennsylvania .... 93%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lSjLittle Chief Ofl
Alice 17 [Ontario 4 50
Breece lSjOphlr .• 1 45
Brunswick Con ... OSiPhoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel.. OTiPotosi 12
Con Cal &. Va 1 30. Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada .... 5S
Iron Silver 1 60 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con 02 Standard 1 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — [Allouez 5%
Call loans 4 ®5;Amalgamated ... 48 '4
Time loans 5%@8;Blnghara 2<5
Bonds — jralumet &* Hecla.485
Atchison 4s 07% 1'entennial 20%
Railroads — Copper Range .. 65%
Atchison 82%]Domlnion Coal... 79
Do pfd 88% (Franklin s%
Boston & Albany. 241> lisle Royale 7
Boston & Maine. 174 ,'Mohawk 43%
Boston Elevated.. 137 ;old Dominion 1 .. 10*,i
N Y N H ft H...195 lOsceola (Jl%
F'itchburg pfd ..135 ! Parrot 21
Union Pacific . . 76% iQuincy 90
Mexican Central. 14>i Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Missouri, K & Tex 19T4
Missou, K & T pfd 4l?i
Natlonl of Mex pfd 200 41 40% 40%
N Y Central 800 120% 120% 120%
Norfolk & Western. 200 62V, 62U 62Vi
Norlolk & W pfd . .... .... g6
Ontario & Western. 1,400 23% 23% 23%
Pennsylvania 10.625 124 123 123*2
Pittsbg. CC & St L „.. 62%
£ ea <|! n e • 800 55% 64% 55
Reading 1st pfd " 7514
Reading 2d pfd .. o00 68% 68% 68%
Rock Island Co .. 4,000 27% 26% 27
it lo^s^.^ "f? m »" 46 *" n*
St Louis S W pfd * •""* ,«,/
It SS P f d ::::::: 12 : G0 °. ggj »g Jgg
Southern Pacific .. 2.R00 44% iiii 44U,
Southern Railway . 1.850 22% 22 22Vs
Southerin Ry pfd.. 100 £3% 83% 83Vt
Texas & Pacific .. * 05a?
Tol, St L & West. ;. '.".' 17 7 *
Tol. St L & W pfd "7
Union Pacific 6,750 75% 75% 75%
I'nlon Pacific pfd * gg
Wabash 200 21% 21% 21
J\ abash pfd ...... 600 SMi 34% 34%
W heel & Lake Erie ; mil
Mlseonsln Central.. 10i) 1RU 1^14 ls *
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 40 -40 38'i
Express Companies —
Adams z>>2
American '.',.'. iso
United States 105
Wels Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 9.700 4S% * 47% 4SU
Amer Car & F 100 32% 32% 32
A mer C & F pfd 82
Amor Linseed Oil , 0
¦Amcr Lin Oil pfd 25
Amer Locomotive . f>00 19 18% lft
Amer Loco pfd 84
Amer Smelt & Ref. 300 44% 44% 41%
Amer S & Ref pfd 89%
Amer Sugar Ref .. 200 115% 115% J15VI
Anaconda Min Co.. 2.S00 Sf% S0% 82
Brooklyn Rap Tran 20rt 44% 44% 45
j Colo ruel & Iron.. 200 53 52 52%
! Columbus * Hock C 14%
Consolidated Gas .. 3W 173% 172% 172%
Oen Klcctnc 400 Ifi2>,4 1«2 161
Inter Paper 4'*) 13>i 13 13
Inter Paper pfd . . MX) 68 66 6fi
Inter Pump 35
Inter Pump pfd . . . 200 74 74 70
National Biscuit 37»i
National Lead 15
North American .. 300 76% 76 76>i
Feople's Gas 9i l ,i
Fressed Steel Car.. 47
Pressed Pteel C pfd 80%
Pullman Fal Car 21S
Republic Steel 400 11% 1IM, 11%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.40O 66Vi 61% 65
Rubber Gooda 800 16 15Vi 15%
Rubber Goods pfd 70
Tenn Coal & Iron. 600 42 41% 41%
V S Leather 600 7!$ 7% 7%
U R Leather pfd , . 80%
U S Rubber 13
U" S Rubber pfd 40U
V S Steel 4,900 22% 22% 22%
TT fi Steel pfd 4.100 70% C9Vt «9%
Western Union ... 100 83% 83% 83%
Total shares sold.14S.900
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Dealings in stocks
were smaller to-day than for more than three
years past, the aggregate dealings reaching
only about 150,000 shares. Trading by room
professionals made uy the entiru market. They
attempted in the early dealings to continue
yesterday's downward course and succeeded to
the extent of a point in a few prominent stocks.
Covering of ehorts before the end of the day
caused the practical recovery of the declines
and the market closed dull and heavy and not
appreciably changed from last night's level.
The dwindling interest in the yacht races did
not result in any increased attention to the
stock market, and many of the members who
came down this morning did not stay the day
out- The preliminary annual statement of
Erie, ehowing r.tarly 4 per cent earned on the
common stock, accorded closely with expecta
tions and resulted in profit-taking sales which
carried the price at one time a point under last
night. Disappointment over this movement re
flected depression at other points In the mar
ket. The news of the murder of a United States
Vice Consul fn Turkey was assigned as the
motive for some selling here for London ac
count, but the Incident awakened little appre
hension In our market, where it was assumed
that the Turkish Government would make all
repartition demanded. The day's weather map
was regarded as unfavorable for grains. Some
selling orders attributed to Philadelphia ac
count were commonly supposed to be due to
the exigencies of the coming reorganization of
the Consolidated Lake Superior Company. The
trade report* in iron and steel were distinctly
more cheerful and indicated a growing demand
at the concessions now ruling. Foreign bank
irr houses continued to make loans here in
spite of the large withdrawals to-day o? gold
from the Bank of England. This had the
effect of causing a somewhat casifr tone In tht
time loan market. No large interior demand
for currency ig yet evident, while in the week
endinp Aueuat SO of last year there were large
transfers both to New Orleans and to Chicago.
Previous to that week last year there had been
the usual assurances that Western bank re
serves wore so large that a smaU requirement
of Eastern reserves was probable. Dut for the
week endine August 30 New York bank re
serves declined j:'.0Cf*,400. On September 6
there was an additional shrinkage of $S.7»5.8fNi.
On September 13 the decrease was 57,039,200
and on September SO a further decrease of
$7 .131 700 with a deficit below the legal re
eerve of "$1,642,050. This occurred notwith
standing a loan contraction from August 30 to
September 20 of more than $22,000,000. Tho
severe experience of this precedent more than
anything els» has prompted the conservative
and cautious attitude of the banks recently,
and. although the usual movement of currency
to the interior is noj*. expected, the opinion
is brewing that the bankers have so carefully
provided tor It that they will be able to meet
requirements without a severe strain In the
money market.
There was slightly more breadth to the bond
market than to the stock market, but it was
dull and irregular. Total eales, par value,
Sl.005.OC0.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
• NEW YORK STOpK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 11.R00 v,2% «2 C2W
Atrhison pf* n 200 88% SS%. £8^
Baltimore & Ohio .. 2.400 82% b2 K!V«
Baltimore & O pfd .' ,'.86*4
Canadian Pacific .. 1,200 126% 126H 126#
Central 1 of Ji J . • • • • .... 159
Chesapeake & Ohio' 700 33V* 33 33
Chicago & Alton.. '100 21% 21T4 21%
Chicago * -A pfd ,-•••: — . 62%
Chicago & G W .. 200 16% 16% W%
Chi &G W B pfd... . 100. 29 ; 29 29i a
Chicago & N W .. 100 165 1 * 165% Ifi5
Chicago T & Trans U
r-hicaro T & T pfd .... '.... 2l*A
CcTftfit VaalM.. 200 73% 73 72^i
Colorado Southern . ..... ' .. .. .... .14
Colo So let pfd B2
Colo So 2d pfd ....¦ :. 22
Delaware & Hudson ' 100". 164" 164, ; 163
Del.-Lack * W- . 230
Denver & Hlo G 24
Denver & n G pfd. ...... 77%
Erie l*fi00 30 29V4 29^
Erie IK pfd 4.JB0 «7«4 <!6% 67H
Erie 2d pfd ...... 300 81% 81 61
Great Northern pfd 160
.Hocking Valley ... 6d
Hocking Valley pfd go
Illinois Central ... 150 132% 132% 132
Iowa Central 20«
Iowa Central pfd 38^
Kansas City So 21»i
Kansas City 6o pfd 38%
Louisville & Nash. 600 104% 104% 103%
Manhattan L . 200 134 134 lS4y 4
Metropolitan Bt Ry 112
Mlnneap & St Louis C8
ui..»h -1 *>•«••«- .. * nan «i"»ai 031^ j)3%
New York Stock Market.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
:
Weather Report.
Jliil advices from New York say of bu*i
n'^s prospect*:
"The country i« rractically certain of a
large volume of bufin^ss thif eeasi-m. Our
JiTOfs ar<» likrly to b» rrofnerous for «n
orher year; "j^caus*. whiip cr^r>s are not p»r
ti«~u!arly heavy, prior* are high and afford
goo<3 profits. Labor is also well employed at
good »a{ee. I.Jajiufaeturers are feeling lh*> .
high cost rf rroduction som^wriat, .and th*r«» j
i* likely to be Ws fxr*n<Ii'u*"i! for extrav
*ut»noes than wh^n the 'boom' u«» at Ita
height, yet the country, as a who>. is in
satisfactory condition. Our basic lndurtry. the
Iron trade, is la better Fhape than suppose <1.
It \f true abnormal pro"** 1 are disappearing;.
*r»ut th«re is a big ifnand for all sorts of
iron and ste«?l pmductg at the more reasonable '
rric« and no nfn? of cessation are yet in
eight.
"The worst a* to the money market seems
to have bf«j anticirated. Crop demands are
Vlo5<> at hand.' yet bankers show ne> anxiety
«bcut meeting them. Should money rairs
• Ivxnce much' further gold imports would
simply b* hastened. Very soon produce bills
Will b* in better sF'pply a n3 ten-J to weaken
Fterllr.g hills. I»ndoa ehows n-ore interest
!n American f*curities then for rr.ar^y months.
• n'i ss *oon as the distrust develop^ t*y <^ ur
rxce?Fjve promoting lias riisappearcd we may
expert a better demand from that quarter if
j>ric*» do not advaw* too rarM'.y. A much
more confident fee'.irg prevails on the 'street.'
foT stock* have passed from w^aV in*" strong J
bands. Invest tr.ent purchases have hern lib- j
tra-I. nn<J indications are that the larger local I
iT.tfresti- are wot king in the direction of hijrh- J
fr priifs. I
".The ftock merket has hai 4^ pt rent ,
"•freak during -the past ten months; £5 per cent
of it was doubtless justified a« a reaction
from sn irtrfKa *ix years' inflation. After
the drop cf 25 per cer.t then sandbagging the
market started in, which a'ided lf» per cent
Now then the scare break cf 15 per cent is
what thr- market shou'.d finally recover from.
Hence the present advance will probably po
on until the- 15 P*r cent is regained, and
that is about tTfcat the market, under the cir
cumstancet. may naturally be expected to do.
but the u» movement from now onward will
fe crailuai and attended with frequent fluc
tuations, thus making a profitable market for
q-Jtrk in-and-out trading."
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The report of Edward A. B»-&ls. section di
rrctcr. Vnitcfl States XCtMtixr Bureau, for the
••reron Crop Bulletin for the week ended Au-
FUtv"2r> is as follows:
The flret half of the week in warm and
'iry jn «I! section?. «M!e the Istter part was
r i<- L e\-erywhere. with good rains west of the
¦""afki.d'e Mountains, but with ncae of ccn
ff quence in the eastern part of the State. |
The rains did no damage to grain In shock,
an<! they were cf erpat benefit to pastures.
< lover corn, late rotatoc* and gardens. The
' IjjmlIIii— ¦ **** unfavorable for heps, as it
' ffcWe-ed «n increase of vermin and mold, but
s« yet the rards have not been damaged to
£.'.}' great cxter.t, and the prospect is fa
%ofaMe for a, good crop of hops. Picking
wi'l becc»e general in a couple of weeks, and
growers ere now engaging hands tor this
*Bvrk
The grain hanest is drawing to a' close ar.-1
ihrffhing i* now well advanced. v\heat and
K-ir>v -ielfls are "above ths average in the
U'llUlMtta Valley, ar.d oats are a splendid
rf-r. Fa*t of the Cascade Mountains wheat,
b«rW p'nd oats are yieldln* well, but falling i
>»:nK- Ja^t year's returns. The Quality of all j
— all er*in'te better than last year.
- Kupar beets wS^erc well cultivated, are do-
finely, but this crop needs more rain.
r ,t has read* excellent edvance*r.rn'. during
the treck. Considerable compialrjt is made cf
*P -ht afT^-tinK tbt la'e r°*-**-ces 'n TUla- i
~v-k fi.r.<1 ryj.rr.nr> counties, but elsewhere they j
art ('o'rig nicely. Pruneti have not altogether
K«a«ed dropping but raaiiy trees have all
»i. ry Pan carrv ' and the crop, as a whole,
v 'r\ t>e a big one. Apples are doinr well
hnd Barttett pears give promise cf large re
. turns.
Tlic Turkish Raisin Crop.
i« the report on the raisin outlook
«t Smyrna, Turkey. July 15. IOCS, by Hufus W.
Ijine, 'United State* Consul:
. "Ful*ans« — The eorr.lng crop is estimated to
(j ,y a J, utwfcn 4»".,0fif» and 49,000 tons. Event
ual rtFult* between th«-se two figures will <Je
i!*T.d upen ftate of woathrr fiurtr.K next month.
The vineyards are apparently tarrying a ehow
r.f fruit the like of which has never before been
remembered. Consequently there is consider
able <!lFpartty in the estimate of experts. The
figures elven above tre the tnoi»t generally
accepted The Rverage yield of the laat five
years has been rllFhtly under SI, WK) tons. The
stocits remair.lr.g in dealers' hands in Smyrna
are estimated at about 1C0 tons.
¦. "Till witbin six cr seven years ago the
avf-repe annual profldcticn cf Bultar.as
amounted to about ."HtCOO tone, terns eeas<-jn.s
h»vinif yields running into 4U.000 ton*. The
rradual spread of phylloxera tended to cause a
steady *nnua.I reduction in the production, but
the low by phylloxera has after a long strug
gle been to some extent counterbalanced by
the vast plantation of American vines, on
which the native riant is crafted. There are,
however, large tracts cf land, own«-d by Turks,
laid out in vineyards with the native vine.
This it due to the conservative nature of the
Ottoman farmer. In view of the large pro
duction anticipated this year it is likely that
price* will rule at the lowest level recorded
for th* past decade.
"Red Raisins — Coming crop is estimated at
10/^0 tona.
"Flack Rai«in» — Coming crop Is estimated
at 18.U00 tern.." j
The Commercial Outlook.
Fcr tfca twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
120th meridian time, San Francisco. August
27. 1&03. e
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
grefs or more over Oregon. Idaho and North
ern Nevada.
Frrecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hcurt. ending midnight August 2S:
Northern California— Fair Friday; continued
warm leather In the Interior; cool weather on
thj coast with fog; brisk southwest winds
Southern California— Fair Friday with fog
rtking the coa^t in the morning; li'ght south
wfst winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
¦nith fog- In th« morning and at night; light
southwest wln<1*. changing to brisk westerly.
A. G. McADlE. District Forecaster."
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. 14®10c: Dai
ries 13«JJ7c. Cheese, quiet. 9Vs®n Vic. ¦• Eggs,
firm. 14%@16c.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,1H22 2 l?^
Wheat, bushels •••£S > £K mMS
Corn, bushels 268.200 511.400
Oats, bushels 18 hi%l • 1<3 ' 300
Ry«. bushels • <.vSx2
Bsrley. bushels 24.^00
Beans are weak. There is considerable of
the old crop still on hand, and as the first lots
of the new crop have been received local hold
ers are making concessions to clear off their
holdings before the market gets much, lower.
The general expectation Is that" lower quota
tions will rule In a few days. New Blackeye
are quoted at $2 50 and new Large White at
$2 60 per ctl. ••-..;*
BEANS— Bayos, $3; Pea, $3 25; Butters.
M 25; small White. J2 7«O3 05; large White,
52 50@2 75; Pink. $2 75@2 00; Red. $2 90®3;
Lima. $3 2. r >-?/3 40; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. $2 50@2 65 per ctl ;' Horse Beans
H 40^1 50.
SEEDS — Brown Must&rd. nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 7061 80; Canary,
•i'qoViC for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;. Rape,
l% | g2%c: Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp, 3Vl©3%c
per lb; Millet, 3S3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Cash quotations were as follows: ¦ ¦
Flour firm- No. 2 wheat, red. 80%@82%c:
No. 2 corn. 51 %c: No. 2 yellow, 62c; No 3
oats, white, 35%@35*4c; No. 2 rye. 61%®53%c;
good feeding barley. 48c; fair to choice malt
ing. 51@5fic; No. 1 fiaxseed. 9»c; No. 1 North
western. $101%; prime timothy seed. $3.10;
mess pork per barrel. $12 50; lard, per 100
pounds. $8 10#8 12%; short ribs Bides (loose).
$7 25@7 50; dry salted ghoulders rboxed). »%c;
short clear sides (boxed). *%@7%c; clover,
contract grade. $10. j
-LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10@10>£c for pure; half barrels,
pure.: 10%@10%c; • lQ-lb Una. 10%® lie; 5-lb
tine. ll%c; 3-lb tins, lHic
COTTOLENE-^One half barrel. 9%e; three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9 lie; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
- Chicago ¦ was dull and a shade easier, with
the demand - still disappointing. Receipts of
Hogs continue large and the speculative in
terest is' small. The market Is' still of a drag
ging character.
The local situation' la quiet and shows no
changa whatever. '
: CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, . 13c for < light medium. 15c for light.
15%c for extra light; 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c; California Hams. )5%c;
Mess Beef. $11 50® 12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
<gl2 50: Family, $13 50: prime Mess Pork, $19;
extra clear, «25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork, $28: Pigs* Feet. $5 25;
Smoked ' Beef, ' 15c per lb.
Provisions.
Receipts of Hay are still large, those yes
terday being 1475 tons. .The medium and
lower grades are weak, while choice keep up.
There is nothing new In Feedstuffs.
BRAN — $24(^25 per ton.- ' j '.':.'
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 per ton.
. SHORTS— $24@25 per ton.
FEEDSTJJFFS— Rolled Barley, • $24625 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 50; Job
bing, $27(g27 50; Cocoahut Cake, $21®22;
Corn Meal, $33 5O®34 50; Cracked Corn, »34@
35; Mixed Feed, $23024; Horse Beans. $28@30
per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $11614 «>. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11@13 50; Oat,
$10(&13; Wild Oat. $9 50011 50; Barley. $9011;
Clover. $S 60@ll; Stock. $809; Alfalfa. $8®
10 60 per ton. • •*
STRAW— 40@C5c per bale. . .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Am Natl Bk.117%122% L P A A... — —
Anglo-Cal . . — — Mer Trust . .230 250
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — 5 F Natlonl — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — - — Sav A U So. 95 106
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk. — — -
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.— ' — IPresldlo ....35 43
Geary — — |
POWDER.
Giant .. 65 60 |Vigorit — . Bli
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kllauea S C. — — '
Hawaiian C. 43% — Malcaw.Il C. 22- 24
Honokaa S C 12% 13% Onom«a 8 C. 24 27
Hutch S P C 13% — Paauhaa 3 C 15 —
' MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.148 — 'Oceanic S Co — —
Cal Fruit As. 89% 90% iPac A F A. . — —
Cal Wine As. — 99 iPac C Bone — — .
Morning Session.
Board —
200 California Fruit Canners, s 30.... 90 CO
100 California Fruit Canners, ¦ 90 83 5O
10 California Wine Ass'n 9-9 50 j
35 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar.... 43 5O '
I0f< Hutchinson S. P. Co 13 624
10 Mutual Electric Light „. 13 87%
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
50 Mutlal Electric Light 13 62%
50 Paauhau S. P. Co 15 00
5 Pacific Gas Imp 53 00'
5 Pacific Gaa Imp S3 25
$1000 S. P. of Arizona (1906) 107 75
$3000 N. P. C. R. R. 8 per cent bondslo* OO
$5000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent 10« 75
$5000 BL V. 4 per cent (2d mortgage).. 89 75
Street —
50 California-Street R. R 200 00
25 S F Ga» and Electric Co «8 5ft
$5000 S. P. of C. 8 per cent (19C«)....10T 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers* Ass'n 147 50
55 Alaska Packers* Ass'n Its OO
100 Hutchinson S. P. Co 13 75
100 Paauhua S. P. Co m CO
BANK STOCKS.
Ed L4P 6s. — — » P & C H 6s. — —
F & C H es. — — P & O R 6». — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st Bs. — —
H C & S5%s. — . — S E GAR 5s. — 104
HC&SSs. - - SF A SJV5S.119 —
Hon R T 6s. — — S R, of C 8s. 111% —
L A Elec 5s. — 105% S P of A «• -
L A Ry 5a.ll4Ull*H (1909) 107% —
L & L C 6a. — — <1910> 10S*£ —
Do gtd 6s.. — — S P of C «s
Do gtd 5s. — — (19O5)Sr A. — —
UP lem 5s. — \ — n»O6)Sr B. — ,'—
Mkt-st CO*.— — (lOOf) 107% —
Do lem 6». 117*4 — «912) — —
N RRof C6*.106%107 S P C leg 8s — 121
NR Cof C5s.H8%U0 Da stmpd.-108
NPC R R Ss. — 108*4 S P B R 8a. — — .
N C P C«s. — — 3 V Wat 6».103% — "
N C R 5s... — — Do4»2dn». 9SM0O
N S R 5s... — — Do 4a 3dm. BOTfc —
O G L H 5s. — — gtkn G AE «• 9* 104
O W C « 5s. — — UG&E6*. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Co«U — 6O lport Cost*.. — —
Marin Co .... — — (Spring Val.. — 851*
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L & P. — 5 Sac E G & R — —
Equit Gas .. — — S F G A E. ««% 6T
Mutual B L. 13% 14 3 F Gaj ... — —
Pac G Imp.. 53% 54% Stkn G A E. — —
Pac Lighting — — U O & E. ... — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 66 67%i .
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd. — — /
Xot much change in the New York stock market.
More activity observable in local stocks and bonds.
Wheat market in good condition all over the ioorld.
Government awards contract for Oats to a local house.
Local grain trade active buyers of future Barley.
Corn and Rye well held at the high prices.
No further change in Hay or Feedstuff s.
Beans being sold off on approach of the new crop.
Butter and Cheese tophcavy, with ample supplies.
Xo further advance observable in Eggs. '
Proz-isions quiet here and dragging at Chicago.
Xew Dried Fruits selling fairly, with Peaches leading.
Hogs weak and coming in freely again.
Poultry steady under moderate receipts.
Xot much change in Potatoes, Onions or Vegetables.
Pair local demand for Fresh- Fruit.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— -
Sept.. old .... 81% 81 % 81 S1U
Sept new .... 81% . 81% 80% 81«
Dec./ new S2% 83 82* 82%
May 84% 85 84% 84%
Corn No. 2 —
September 61Vi 51% 50% 51
December 51% "9» 61V* 51*i
May ...... v ... 61»i 53 61% 51%
Sepfembe?'. 2 ". 34% 35% 34% 34%
December 30 V4 .. 30% 36% 36%
May 38 U 38Vi 38 38%
Mess Pork per barrel —
September ..'...12 57% 12 CO 12 45 12 50
October. 12 85 12 85 12 65 12 67%
May 13 02%
Lard, per 100 pounds— .
September 8 20 8 25 8 20 8 25
October 7 57% 7 60 7 55 7 57%
January 7 00 7 00 6 95 6 95
Short Ribs per 100 pounds—
September ..... 7 «2% 7 62% 7 60 7 60
October ;.. 7 72% 7 72% 7 07% 7 70
January ....... 6 C2 % 0 62% 6 60 6 60
FLOUR— California Family Extras. 14 60©
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (4 60® 1 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90®4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $ 3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4 25@4 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 6004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75; Rolled
Oats., bbls, $7@S 60; in sacks. $0 60@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peae. $5 50 per 100 lbs. , —
Flour and Millstuffs.
for new fruits continues fair, with Peaches
still leading. . ...
The consular report on the Smyrna Raisin
crop will be seen in the first column.
NEW FKU1T— Apricots. »%©»%c lor Royals
and 9511c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5©6c; Peaches, &Vt@7c; Pears. 5%@7c; Xec
tarines, 4!8-4%c for while; Figs., white. 4^9
4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted. 4%@5%c per ib.
PRUNES — 1902 crop. 2 ! > B^2?4c for the four
sizes, with %@lc premium tor the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. 5&c per
lb; 3-crpwn, Sftc: 4 -crown. 6c: Seedless. ¦ loose
Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crown London Layer*. 20
lb boxes. SI 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 5(>: 4
crown fancy clusters, 1'0-lb boxes. $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 60: 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%©13c;
No. 2. 10%®ll%c; No. j hardshell, lim?12c;
No. 2. 10@10%c; new Almonds, ltc for Nonpa
reils. lOHc for I X L, lOKe for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 507c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5. '' •
HONEY— Comb. new. 12%@13%c for white
and lie for amber; new water white extracted.
6%08c; light amber extracted. 5®5%c; dark.
4%®4%e.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb. f
estimates the' crop of j 2.000.000,000 ' or ' more
bushels. This crop is not yet assured, I how
ever. - -'I ¦ - : ¦ . ;
The local situation remains firm and un
changed, with slender offerings.
Western, sacked. $1 47%<31 52% for Yellow
and $1 47%@1 50 for mixed; California . large
Yellow. $1 55@1 57%; small round do, $1 70
@1 75; White, $1 56 per ctl.
RYE continues firm at $1 20@l 27% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
to sympathy with wheat. Uncertainty as to
the effect of the heavy rains West and , fears
of cold weather to follow were also influential
factors. September -" finished *>ic up- at 51c.
December closed at 51>4@51%c, a gain of
%<§>V4c. ¦ ' . ' '•" •• ' »-; .
Oats followed wheat, early prices being the
best. September closed %@Kc up at 34T&C.
December closed unchanged .at 36%c.
A weaker hog market . caused easier pro
vision prices as a ¦ rule, although .•¦ there was
some early strength on short covering in lard,
which did not entirely desert that product.
Offerings were free and the close showed Sep
tember pork down 15c. lard. 5c up and ribs
7 %c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows: '
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— Crop reports, rain
damage in Nebraska, strong outside markets
and cables all made for an extremely strong
•wheat msrket and but for the great amount
of lone wheat that came out a much larger
advance would have been recorded. September
at the opening showed an advance of %@«ic
to %0%c at 8ie81%c. selling up quickly to
81%c. while December touched 83c. The sell
ing then became of such influential character
that prices broke to SO&c and 82%c respect
ively. Near the close, however, the selling
ceased and a firmer feellne became apparent
carrying prices back to 81 %c for September,
a gain of *4©%c and 82%@82 He for Decem
ber; %@%c over yesterday's close.
Part of the early strength in corn waa due
Chicago Grain Market.
¦ Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher .23 100 Mexican ..... 9.1
200 Caledonia 85 300 Mexican M
300 Chollar 12 loo Ophir .....152^.
500 Con C 8c. V...1 40 500 Overman ;...- 23
200 Con C & V.I 37% 300 Savage ...... 22
300 Gould & Cur. 26 800 Sierra Sty... 58
300 Hale & Norc. 38 500 Utah .. 21
SCO Justice ...... l» 300 Yel Jacket.... SO
Morning Session.
HOO Caledonia 90; 200 Potoal .14
10O-CbnC & Y-l 42% 30O Sava*e ,23
500 Chollar Ml 200 Blerr*, Ner... - eo
1500 Con N Y 12 400 Sliver Hill... 631
200 Hale & Norc. 40 300 Union. Con... 60
500 Mexican .'..,.100 1000 Utah 19
SOOOpnlr .....'. 1 30i •
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
CONTRACTOR'S OUTFIT,
Consisting of
35 good work horses, ranging la weight from
1350 to 1600 oounda. 6 to 8 years old; 3 good
driving horses, wagons, harness etc.
AT NINETEENTH AND HARRISON STS.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY. August 28. at 11 1. n
This stock must be sold without limit or
reserve. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
. Office 327 Sixth st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
12
HELP \VANTED— _^EMj^LJ__^_o"__
WANTED^Cook, orphanage, $40; 3 hotel ]
cooks, $30 $40: cook, kitchen helper, small
hotel. $25 and $15; 4 cooks with »"le 'ash-
ing. $30. $35: 5 second girls $20 $25; 2
laundresses. $30; housework, $35; 2 In fam-
ily: housework Alameda, $25; Berkeley. $25;
Oakland *25; San Rafael. 625; 4O houseglrls.
city at' $20 $25, *30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. •
WANTED— Lady's maid, sleep home $30; also
nurse and maid for old lady with rheuma-
tism, no room or board. $50. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. S34 Sutter st.
WANTED — I nursegirls, city ajid country. $15.
$20 $25: 5 waitresses for city and country
hotels. $20 ?25; chambermaid, assist wait-
Ing $». $26 Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st.
¦
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew button* on
shirts by hand: steady work. LEW
STRAUSS & CO * 36* Fremont St.; take ele-
vator; see Mr. Henshaw.
WOMEN and girls /wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply Callfornfa Canneries Co.. Brannan
st., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. L.EVI STRALSS & CO. S
FACTORIES. 32V, FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MIfcSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work;- nignest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
WANTED— A young girl for cooking and
housework; good wages. Call before noon,
1C03 Geary g't.
W XNTED Girl for general housework; family
of three: wages $20. Call 2253 Union st. Frl-
' day morning: car fare paid.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $20; small
family. 15 Baker St.. near Halght.
1 A COMPETENT girl about 14 to assist with
two children; wages >$. 1714 Geary st.
ERRAND girl wanted at 121 Post St.. room 43.
GIRL for general housework. 51 Cumberland,
bet. 19th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores sts.
COMPETENT cook fcr institution. 2344 Sut-
tcr ct. m
J WANTED — First-class corset woman; ene ca-
pable of selecting goods and taking charge
i of stock: state ase. experience and salary
I expected. Apply box 242s. Call office^
j WANTED — Experienced dry goods wrapper.
1 Apply between 'J and 11 a. m. at HALE
j BROS'.
WANTFD— First-class Jacket alteration hand.
Ajply between l» and 11 a. m. at * HALE
BROS.' .
WANTED^-Pants oixrators: union workshop;
union wages. Apply 27 Geary fct.. S. N.
WOOD & CO.
} WANTED— i'ants finishers, union shop and
union wagfs. Apply at 27 Geary St., S. N.
I _\VCGD &_CtX ,
j AN experienced mender: also girls to wind yarn
! an.l apprentices to learn to knit. Apply J. J.
I PFISTEK KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk st. _
' FIRST-CLASS vest 'maker for country. Apply
! between 11 and 1 REISS BROS. & CO.. 24
j gutter st.
': dlftLJHAbout 15. for factory work; good
j niifits; apply at once. AMES & MARK IS,
lit' gei-tamento tt.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English —anted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. ar.d Waller st.
A GIRL who understands German cooking;
small wash. Apply before 1. 1946 California.
GIRL for general housework; may sleep home
if deslre-d. 1053 Market at., upstairs.
LADY piano player for country; must be
slriRcr. Apply room 5, Hancock House.
DIGNIFIED experienced traveler for wholesale
: house. Bos 2440. Coll office.
1 YOUNG girls to work on gloves; wages from
: start." CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
OVEKSTITCH sllker on gloves; permanent po-
sition. CARSON GLOVE CO., 123 Second st.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LEDER-
ER'S, 123 Stockton st.
BRIGHT lady or gentleman for permanent po-
sition; salary $30. 302 Callaghan bldg.
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with Rlngling's
show; must be stout. Box 2430. Call.
A NURSE girl to take care of a baby. French
Laundry. 1253 Pacific st.
LADY agents on saiary. Call 9 to 5. office 59,
Columbian building, 016 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advenlsements aod
subscriptions has been established at 109V
Valencia «t. ¦ ¦
~ HELP WANTED — 3IALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
60 3d st.. nr Call Bldg.: phone Bush 405.
Nevada — Free Fare — Nevada — Free Fare.
200 Laborers. S. P. Co.'s Own Work.
New Job.
We Ship Every Day — Free Fare.
?2 a day; ?1S board.
Hops Hops, Hop-Plckers.
We ship Wednesday, Thursday and Friday:
• pay ?1 per hundred; fare $1 50; fee $1; 60
men, women and children.
S. P. Co.'s Own Work.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
10 section hands. $1 60 and $1 70 a day.
Coal Miners.
Free Fare— Oregon.
7 miners. $1 ton
2 miners, single-hand. $3 a day.
6 muckers, mine, $2 25 a day.
Sawmill and Woodsmen,
2 timber fellers, $«0 and board.
3 barkers. $45 and board.
2 crosscutters ?50 and board.
2 loolftmtE $40 and board.
2 water bucks. $40 and board.
10 lumber pliers. $35 and board.
! 10 men for Humboldt Co. to pile lumber, fare
advanced $40 and board. ' >;:".-/
1 1 boxmaker city. $2 50 a day.
, 1 first-class cooper, country, $0 a day.
' 4 bovs for box factory, city; man to look
after place: and garden. $30 and found." city.
.CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 3d St.
2 BUTLERS. $35 and found; 2 cooks and
wives. $eo and $30 and found; cook for
springs. $50; cook for institution. $55; res-
: taurant second and third cooks, $80 and $50;
pastry cook and baker, $60; dishwasher for
springs; restaurant porter, $40: assistant bar-
keeper. $25 and found, - and : others. , J. F.
; CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
: 6 MORE laborers for mills and woods. $40 and
! found, fare paid; Jobbing blacksmith. $3 a
; day; blacksmith's helper, $2 -a day; 2 gar-
deners; coachman, '$35 and found; farmers,
$30 and $1 50 a day; man and wife, private,
family. $40; errand boys.-' $20 a month; milk-
ers. $35; fruit packer. ¦ $1 25 and . board;
I farmer and wife. $55; 3 section men for R.
R.. $2 a day; miners. $3 a day; quarrymen.
$2 25 a day; laborers for 1 mills and woods,
; mines and quarries. $2 and $2 50 a day;
s woodchoppers and others. . J. F. CROSETT
• & CO., 028 8acramento st. •
' WANTED — S men to work about, sawmill and
handy with an axe. ; $40 and board; Lake Co.;
nice place; free fare; ship Saturday morning.
Apply to J. F.' CROSETT & CO., 028 Sacra-
mento st,. fZ, ' " ¦ ' ' ''.-
WANTED— Half ; of 'whole Interest in good
paying barber shop -by an expert all-round
artist: reference gvien. Address box 01, Fow-
EMPLOY-MEVT^OFFICES. •
GEORGE^~AOKI, 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese - Chinese employment 'office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6762.
A GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; t*i. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 Vi O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment' Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLKY & CO.. 1S40 Clay.
KJ1PLOVMEXT \V AM TED FEMALE.
RELIABLE, strong, honest woman wants work
by the day: carpet sweeping and flannel |
waihing. specialty; $1 25 day; car fare for
railing. 174 Fourth st.. room 10, one flight.
YQUNO lad*, experienced In general office
work, warns position: good penman; type-
writ I n fjl^_2__Call. _V
1 DOUBLE-ENTRY bookkeeper and typewriter,
four years* experience, desires position; ref-
i erences. Box 2447. Call.
WOMAN wishes a position as a working house-
ke-eper or a lady's nurse; city references. Ad-
dress 24 Minna st. .
A YOUNG woman speaking several foreign j
languages wishes a position fortravellng In j
' Europe as lady's maid or take care children; j"'
city references. Address box 2433. Call. •
A YOUNG German woman wants work by th*
day; washing or cooking. Address M. W., .
757 Folrom st^ '
YOUNG lady wishes position in office or store; 1
experienced and energetic; used to meeting
public. Box 2426. Call office. ¦
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do
housework for email, family; city or country.
Box 2432. Call office. '
GERMAN woman wants washing and cleaning; ;
. $1 W) day. 2750 Vlarrlpon st.
A GOOD laundress would like two days' work
first of each week. Box 2442. Call office.
DRESSMAKER going out by the day wishes '
an assistant. Address box 2425. Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent young lady stenog-
rapher wishes position; $40 per month; rapid
and accurate. Box 2402. Call office ,
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call ait Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPL OYUEST WAWTHD — MALE.
AN experienced poultryman wishes situation
as manager; entire new plan and successful
new system; parties desiring to establish
new plants given preference; correspondence
solicited. Box 244t, Call.
YOUNG man, studying law, experienced
stenographer, desires position in a good law
oince. iiox 244S, Call.
A SINGLE old German seeks employment;
bookkeeping, caretaklng. collecting, copying,
gardening, night clerking. Box 21S2. Call.
AN elderly man. sober and reliable, desires
situation In private family; understands
gardening and greenhouse work and other
light work about place. Address ANDER-
SEN. 32S Jessie st.
REFINED, well educated, active, unencum-
bered elderly widower, of perfect honesty and
Integrity, desires light employment as care-
taker, traveling companion on land or sea,
etc. P. O. box 2163, San Francjsco. Cal.
GENERAL ad writer, with Eastern experience,
wishes a position In San Francisco or vlcln-
j ity; reliable references furnished. Box 2418,
1 Call office.
¦ MAN and wife would like situation In city or
country; woman to do cooking and house-
work and man outside work. J. FLEISCHER.
j 1417 Pcwell at. I ¦
: GERMAN couple want positions; wife flrst-
! class German cook: man housework; city,
country. Box 2130, Call office. j
. RELIABLE accountant wants position; San
Francifcco or Sacramento; references. Box
2429. CalK
YOUNG German wishes steady position as
porter. Bos 2441. Oall office.
j BAKER, zocd all around man. wishes situa-
j tion in country. Address box 2137, Call.
' ELDERLY German couple wish positions of
j any kind: city or country. Box 2411), Call. ; J
'JAPAXESF nice schoolboy wants situation In I
respectable familv an waiter or housework: j
¦ speaks well: has references. YAMASAK1.
1323 J'inf- st. j> j
JAPANESE courle Wtnt situations In small !
family; man is first-class cook; wife, wait at I
j tab!*-. T. KATO. HUHj Market st.. Oakland.
! JAPANESE boy wants a position ;p. family as
; schoolboy. M. FUJI, 522 Ji O'Karrell St.;
¦ tel. John 4551. ¦
i JAPANESE boy wants situntlon. FRANK,
j 807 Thirteenth St.; tel. Page 43»i.!.
¦¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
"' subscriptions has been established at 1006
V»l"-vH ft. ' -. j
FLATS TO LET. |
HOUSES and fiats to let: an irmneuse lisi; »»r- j
vice absolutely frrc: lake advantage of this \
t depaitmrnt: it will save you time and ;
I ; rouble Cardea Furniture Co..2 J .5-2^3 Geary |
j st., on t!:v t^tan*.
BEAVER. .". 1 bloik from Market and Six- i
teenth— New 0-rooni flat; oheap. __,,
CORNER upr*-r flat: .new; T rooms, bath; block
from Mcrket. t'CS Church st.
FILBERT. 327. near Kearny — 5 nice rooms;
water free: rent $U'.
PAGE, 1221 — Elegant fipt. 7 rooms and bath;
beautiful view. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
' PEKRY. 2C3— Flat; 4 rooms; rent $10.
VAN NESS ami Union — 7 and S light sunny
rooms; modern, uo-to-date; rent reasonable, j
\ S$2u — New, modern up-to-date T> sunny rooms; )
grar.d view city & bay. «:hurch st., 2.Jd&21th.i;
, ELEGANT flat; half block from Market St.
3!»43 17th st. (Castro and l«th st. cars.) '
. NOE, 153, north of Market — SUnny 3-room bay-
: window corner flat. C rooms, bath.
THREE ele-gant new fiats, b and 7 rooms.
Church and Seventeenth sts.
' TO let— Flat of four rooms: 1S97 O'Farrell.
1 HOOKER & LENT. 14 Pott st.
1 FLATS TO LET — rillMSHED.
'. BUNNY furnished Hat. 3 roomc, bath: mod-
ern; rent reasonable. 1402 Polk st.
NEW furniture 5 r. modern flat; $15 rent; part
cash. 1445 Greenwich, 10 to 12 or evening.
; FLATS FOR SALE. ~*
' A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNEr'lOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES. j
' FLATS FOK SALE FL'RMSHED.
ARTISTIC furniture, carpets, for sale, in fine
flat. Inspection permits issued at 1325 Ellis
'. St.; flat for rent reaapnable.
6 SUNNY rooms; new furniture; reasonable
; rent. Call 10 to 12. 7 to 9. 2240 Post st.
FUKM'l'URU WASTED.
j 1 - -' _»
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, -phone Red 4462.
1 buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
s IIBLI* WAVrUD FEMALE.
• AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185
i HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses. -south, fare paid $25
Waitresces, city and country $20, $25
2 waitresses, restaurant ...\.$1 25 day
Waitress, private boarding-house, JMIssion.$i'5
dim. waitress, private boarding-house.. .$25
r Chambermaid to wait, plain country hotel.
short distance $25
Man and wife, ccok and janitor, apartment
¦ house $40
' 2 laundresses, south, free fare $25
• Chambermaids, Santa \ Barbara, fare ad-
' vanced • $20
Cook, boarding-house . .« $;}5
I FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
. Second girls, Frultvale, party here, $20;
cooks, houseglrlfc, second girls. $15, J3u;
I man and wife, choreman and cook, Reno,
1 Nevada, party here, $40.
r C. R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st.
. x— 3 NURSES, mental cases. Institution, short
distance; see party here » a. m. to-day; $30,
1 room, board and washing.
' C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
1 A — WANTED, girls to learn halrdress, tnanl-
1 cure, etc.; trade taught from A to Z In 2
t weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 positions
¦ to fill Immediately: positions guaranteed at
j $10 per week up; leading school In West. 233
1 Geary St.. room 13. . .
" A — LADIES. learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage - etc. ; 1236 Mar-
; ket et., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
j at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
; A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
j both seasons taught frcm start to finish tn one
month for $10; positions as trimmers, eales-
- ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
- FINISHERS on ladies' cloaks and,. suits
GOLDMAN & KRAMER. 750 Market Et
rooms 20-21-31. - - .. ¦•¦ . •
u STITCHERS, table hands and beginners want-
*• ed. G. M. Kutz Shoo Co., 10,1 Mission st.
I, GIRL to assist Might housework; good home.
• ,7" X1 "/*" -
Y;, horses axd wacoss.
ON account of going to build, entire stock oj
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th ami Valencia sts.
SOUND young horse, true and srentle; we'giit
about 15CU; cheap. 2»H Mission >t.
CHEAP: registered thoroughbred fl'.ly; foalerl
Feb 10. 1901. SoO Market St., room 5.
FOR sals— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1030,
Call office.
6 GOOD r«r.ch marts cheap: roal wagon $3i>;
peddling wegon. $2.*». 70 City Hall ave.
8 GOOD horm •* tnr saI^- chjnn. ~7 S!xti sT.
GENTLE horse: wiff follow you; good horr.»
more than rirlce. 473 Valencia st.
ONK fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2.1-han.l;
new laundry wagon, cheap. S2S Harrison »t.
"Al EXPRESS wagon, light camp::ig wagoa
and roe-Jirt fr-r sa> cheap. X'- M:«aifln »t.
HOISCS TO LBT — FtKXIvHKP.
jTw^LL furnished house. pJano. 5 rooms; very
sun-y: fine location: U75 Matoalc jvj. Apply
MADISON A BIT.KB. :'.O Manfrtn:«»ry *'..
~~ HOCSS3 TO I'K*^
i_PF.I\'TED list of houb«3 to let; send for cir-
cular. G. IL UMBsEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed INt of house*
to let. BALDWIN ¦<• HOWKLL. g* Post sr
HOUSES TO LET— -FLRXI S HEP.
TO~tet^Handsomely furnished house of 2*
rooms and 3 bath rcoms. Including parlor.
libiary and billiard room; Sutter st.. n«r
Van Ness ave. Apply to MADISON A
BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
LOST A>U FOUXD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
ar.d Loan Society of San Francifco. in th»
name cf MICHAEL J. FORTUNE. No. . 21".-
134. The finder will please return to bank.
GENTLEMAN who found lady's chatelaine on
Tv.er.ty-fourth st. yesterday return to -<>43
Bryant St.; reward^
LOST — Between Hotel St. Nicholas and Or-
pheum, gold belt pin. Return to St. Nicholas
Hotel and r-celve liberal reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys. Flnd;r will be regard-
ed by returning tr> 129 O'Farrell i>t.
REWA3D tor return of dress suit ca»t marked
J A K., left at corner Page and Buchanan
»U. Return to Dramatic Revl«w e»fnc». 2*
Geary st^
LOST— On Sunday 23d Inst.. an Eastern Star
breastpin Leave same with A. J. SPAK-
ROW. 23 Fremont St.. and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that tha Callforn'%
Watch Cas« Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs oldi
ro'.d and silver to make r.e-^r wr.'cb cases.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease— «56 Mission St.. NW. conwf
of Annie; light left ol 4C00 square feat; pa*.
sengtr ar.d freight elevator servica: will leasa
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAISWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st..
Mills b-jtldins-
~~~~ MEDICAL. _____
MRS DR. WYETH, specialist for all femaU
corr.plalr.ts; Instant relief guaranteed; 39
years' experience. 728 Poat St.. near Jones.
MKS. DR. KOHL, rellablo specialist for all f»-
malo trouble and irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSfr Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR G w"~O r DONNEL.I— -Alt who are lick or
In trouble consult tills specialist oa fe-rcal*
complaints: positively corrected; th» unfor-
tunate helped; the mest difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist: a private hom» b«fore and during
confinement: best medical care: low fags.
I A maternity \llla; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St., AlameJ*.
DR. RUSEN moved to 2UU5 Folsom St.. cor.
20th; relief $10: ladies' exclusive office.
r>re. Goodwin. 723 Turjc. nr.Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female comp. :25 yra. experience.
L-K an.i MKS. DA VIE? and HINDOO HERBrf;
original methed of treatment. 1126 Market a;
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell »t.. opposlt*
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
! SlILLI.NilKY.
.Ladles' imported & tailored hats Just tn; call:
N prices torn to start Ut«— 1 going; trarn«s mad*
to rit the fare. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post *•-
MISCKLLA.XEOUS — FOlt SALE.
BOILEItfc, engines. 2d-han<1 machinery. McLS-
TOSH Jc WOLPMAN. ll>5-197 Fremont lit.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only pay *
bmail weekly payment on all purchases; all
Kucda delivered m first payment. Call and
examine our sotnls. even !f you don't car« t»
buy. LICHTENlSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
; bdH»i YOUR ROOF LEAK?
: Repair it with elaterite; In roll* eaay to lay;
I - needs no paintlue or coating^ good over old
Jrcn. tin or shlns^: best for now roofs.
KLATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A— Fins suits. S7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orlji-
r.a.1 Miiflt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St.,
near Bufh; opeu to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 3tM> Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulley*
etc. WHITELAW, 2C3-'J55 Spear at. B)
(NEWSPAPER route fcr sale; fine ch&nca for
the right man. Andrews N. A. LARS EX.
1715 Pacific ave., Alameda.
FOR sale — One gasoline launch. 10x48; 39
horsepower; can be seen at Rio Vista; gocdl
order. P. O. box 272. Rio Vista. Cal.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 5t> pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
eharges. 11 3d st.. Exim. bldg. : catalog free.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
wood and irotk working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.330-132 Bea>.
LARGEST runts; b?st hen pigeons: eholc*
homers. Address 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Young Angorlan pet rabblta. Call
Saturday. 5C8 Sanchex st.
A JULES JURGENSEX 5-mlnuta repeating
watch: very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR 3-fcarat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth st. / ___
A MARTIN guitar for sale at 10 Sixth at. W.
J. HESTHAL. m
SEALSKIN. $223 quality, same as new, boat
S4 to 36. $00. 10 Sixth st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. BuUard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. ¦ *
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
j & CO.. 122 Market st. • _
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs. hammocks,
metal beds.mattresges.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies. — r»ing
picture machines, film a. Bacigalvpi. 933 M*t.
GASOLINE engines, automob-.lea and launches,
all slies. J. E. DOAK. 4tt Fremcnt st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HSfll*
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento -it.
ASK for pri-«s on second-hand typewriters :all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Mortg'y.
MISCELLA.MSOL'S WANTS, gj
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2SM
MO.\EY TO LOAA'.
A A A— HERMAN MURPHY.
tioi -602-00.": Examiner bullllns.
Quick settlements; no lilsappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
' Estates, second mortgage*, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property ia trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in*
, terests In property purchased.
Courtecus treatment. Strictly confidential
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
• HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
[ . Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch, la Thtr.l.
r MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail rner-
¦ I chants, tcamstera. boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: largest business in
! 46 principal cities. Tolman. 5o3 Parrott bid;?.
• X 1 p*r cent on furniture or plano;no removal:
I no commission: no publicity; $25 up: quick.
etulct. confidential. 2l» Montgomery 1 st.. r. 7.
; — = ¦
1 MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
. j LOANS FROM $1 TO $10. COO.
. AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
f no commission. K. W. LICK. lOOrt Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: rhor.e Main 313.
i S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their not*.
THE TOUSLE.Y CO 14.'! Ph-lan Bids.
; MONEY leaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. nfth floor. Chronicle bldg.
f ONE rer cent on furniture; $5 a month on eac!i
. $1000; any security. 3U2 Sionteomery, ran. 18.
s 3% ON furniture _ pianos; *tr> ap; no removal;
V. TREMAIN.' room 31. 0 Eddy st.. floor 4.
HELP WANTED-— MALE — Con.
MURRAY A READT,
Phone Main 6S48. 634 and 630 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half a' block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" bulletin of labor. -containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
•for distribution 7 a. m.: also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know no distinction between man and
man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 1003 WE'LL GIVB
45.0CO MEN WORK. «>0,000 MEN WORK.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Chatsworth Park.
Oregon. Wllllts, Uklah.
Arizona. To-day.
And all points North. Enst. South. Including
Ogden. Utah. 5
Carpenters and helpers, pile dri% - ers. fence
builders, drillers, single, detuble and machine
men. comer and bench hands, muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
trackmen, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc.,
$5, $4, $3 B0, 53, ?2 50, $2 day.
FREE FARE! FREE FARE! FREE FARE!
EVERYBODY TALKING. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU?i ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
165 MEN OR BOYS.
Fruit Pickers— $30 found— Fruit Pickers.
Fare 11. Fee $1. Three months' Jobs; pick-
Ing, packing and drying.
3C5 laborers teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2. $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come see.
155 Italians. $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away, * $42
and found.
2« laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare pa!d.
$87 50.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
1*5 laborers, teamsters. Wllllts. Uklah. fre«
fare. $(57 50.
Do You Know — Fre« Fare-
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on ftll divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
* aUo section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men $75.
197 laborers and driller*. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. S67 50.
Ccst you only $1: no discount: steady Job.
MINES QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit, $60. $75. found.
96 miners and tlnibermen. $00 found.
1*6 quarrymen. also drillers. $S2 to $00.
fi« carmen furnace men. $75.
STABLES FARMS DAIRIES. HARVEST.
1J»« farm orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to
$45 found.
3S milkors. buttermakers. $30. $35. $10 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50. $3 day.
68 choremen. coachmen, gardeners. $30 to $5<J
and round. ¦;-¦• Mjm
10 stablemen, city and country. $30. $13 fd.
S6 men for brickyards. $35 to $«O found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wlve« farms, orchards, mines,
mills $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 606 Clay tt.
WHERE ARE THEY?
85 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four States.
Meager, F h R^ ARE _ rR TW E O T «""° rt "-
005 laborers, no experience wanted, $33 to $»0
and found.
1*6 experienced mill and yard men, $10 to
$150 and found. • .
SS3 woodchoppers, $40 to $150 found.
S£6 woodchoppers. tlemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions fcund.
BIG L. MURRAY & READT.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
20 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presws, etc., $70, $60. $50, $40. $30 found:
very few men to cook for: no women then?. 1
4 cooks for different mines. $70, $65. $5O. $40 ,
found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS.
S2 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 found.
« bell and elevator boyj«. city and country
positions, ?10 to $30 fr.und.
» porter* and b2<imak»r?. city and country
positions, $45 to $20 found.
Stt dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California. $10 to $25 found. v
12 butchers, different Jobs, $35 to $C0 found.
« bakers. 5 helpers. ?35 to $50 found.
IS boys to learn trades and work In factories.
$6 to $12 week.
SPECIAL.
COOK AND WIFE, HOTEL. FARE PAID.
INYO CO.. strictly kitchen work. 40 board-
ers, $75; BOSS HERE.
COOK. NEVADA. $50; FARE PAID.
Baker, country shop, fare $3. $50; helper,
*25.
Cook's helner for mine, extra good Job, $33
found: fare paid.
MURRAY/& READY. 634-C3S Clay st.
16 BLACKSMITHS and helpers, located every-
where. $30 to. $45 ami fcund.
Also DO othar dlfferr-nt mechanics: come se»
j MURRAY & READY. CTl-tttC Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICE. "
W« want SS03 men not advertised for; coma
see. MURRAY & READT. 634-63G Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT MAIL.
PHONE AND TKLEGRAPH.
WAREHOUSE — FARC *t-
12 laborers, no experience wanted, $3 day.
IN BUTTE COUNTY— $3 FARE.
26 laborers for woods, you'll suit. *l<> and fd.
FOREMAN GRAIN RANCH. $30 found.
•2\i ITALIANS— FREE FARE.
For Lcs Anceles, Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obi.'po.
EXTRA. SPECIAL — SANTA CRUZ.
26 men: anybody will do: free fare to-tfay.
ARIZONA— 900 SIILES.
TO-DAY TO ARIZONA.
Cement finisher. $4 60: machine and furniture
factory. ?2 50 day; 2 bench hands, planing
mill, $3 50; bark peeler, fare $1. $10 found:
<$ laborers, city foundry. 52; tinsmith. $3;
leverman. dredger, besa here. $B0 found; Id
hay balers. $3 to $5 day: boys for wholesale
druggist. $1S to $35; coachmen, gardeners,
etc.
Machinist, country winery. $40 and found.
TOGETHER, BUTTER MAKER
And milker, fare paid. Inyo Co.. $70 found.
DRIVER. MERCHANDISE.
Country store. Tucl:imne Co., $60 to $75.
2 boys, little experience, city machine shop.Sa
S steady farm hands, year round. .$30 found.
Carpenter, set up tanks, $00.
S milkers, steady Jobs year round. $35 found.
Gardener and coachman, fare 25c, besa hero,
$25 found. ¦
1 Plasterer for cement trays. $3 50 to $4 day.
Buiider, nursery, fare $1. $4»> and found.
Machinists, lathe hand, free fare, L. Co., $60
and found.
Blacksmith, shop, Yolo County, *30.
Milker, run separator, Madera Co.. $-15 fd.
10 boys, city factories and stores. $20 and
found and . $4 week uc.
2 spool tenders, $60; 2 leg loaders. $00.
Blacksmith, lumber co., far* $3, $80.
3 laborers, lime quarry, fare $1. ?67 r>0.
K laborers, extra good mine, fare $1 25. $B0.
Porter and roustabout, resort and road houae,
side money and $25 and found.
Choreman city private residence. **0 found.
Beat Places At MURRAY & READY'S.
Best Wages At 634-63G Clay st.
TEHAMA COUNTY— FARE PAID.
26 laborers for woods, you'll suit. $40 found.
I MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
, LOOK. MEN.
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS. FARE $3.
12 carpenters, plain work. $90.
15 laborers to help them and do other work,
$67 f-C- steady good Jobs for Americans.
W'ATKR ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVES IN HOTELS.
12 laborers, shovel work. 20c fare. $eo.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.^
15 laborers, no experience wanted. $67 50.
MURRAY &. READY. C34-6S0 Clay st.
ITALIA N FREE FARE ITALIANS
3fi laborers. Kumboldt County lumber com-
pany manager at our office. $35 to $80 fd.
, MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
I CARPENTERS.
Carpenter, factory, 30c fare, $3 day.
4 carpenters for vineyard and wine com-
pany. $40 and found.
4 carpenters, lumber company, fare S3. $7.'i.
4 carpenters, all plain work. 50c fare. $2
to $3 60 day.
25 carpenters*, big R. R. job. $90.
ENGINEER, DONKEY. $4 DAY.
Also roustabout, same place, boss here. $:
day..
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
TBY our men's shoes, onion made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we paj
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
1 WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, abla-
bodted, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and writs
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In ali parts of the world, on land In our 1st-
; S and possessions, and at naval stations In th«
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 4tl
Kills St., San Francisco. Cal.; 222 >'j N. Main
St., Lcs Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
> mento, CaL j
¦ BARBER wants to sell; must s<»U; account oi
> ¦ ¦ retiring; bargain. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
• PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room Art. Phtlan
I bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
. "WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
, ket— 70O rooms. 35e night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to ard from ferry.
! ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, ball
price. RC3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d at*.
s GET Vour shoes half. soled while waiting; 23c
to SOc. - 563 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d st*
LODGlXG-IlOlJiKS FOR SALE. j
h"~c~DEc!Teh ""ftoTMarket suTcor. Stockton. | »
¦ ;^v, PHONE 'JOHN: 631. / \
27 YE\RS SELLING HOUSES in this city, j
S=ee thr following bargains: 1 '
in nx-:i?: Fclscn si.; full of roomers. .$._s ! •
7 room*: modern fl«t; fine furniture -'00 .
S room*: newly lurr.ished: clears $2o.. Ii5
14 roo7>:>; exchange lor larger house.... 500
17 nonis- '•• rooms furnished; snap «•»») | ¦
K room*; Lraxenworth fct.; reduced l°- -JO" '
r..-. room*: cl.ulte location: Oakland 3-<H»
12 rwir.?; Grsry st: 5 choice; transient. . 40U
42 rooms; sunr.y corner: rent $100 o20"»
M rooms: sunny bay-window corner - M , H ' ! •
26 room*: Mission and Sixth Ft?.: snap.lWM j ,
12 rooms; Taylor ft.; transient only iO0 ,
60 rooms: Market St.: offices: permanent.5.>O0 1 ,
52 rooms: part Imui-e; long lease "-Uv^l 1
s room?: con flSCO; a beauty: reduced. .50 j .
15 rooms: newly furnished: long lease.. 1200 j
H. C. DECKER, 900 Market, cor. Stockton.
fTltCXJM houfr: only $250; worth |500; must
sell. PECKER, OCfl Market ft. .
100 ROOMS: house for men: rent 1140 **j}°2
n rooms: south of Market: rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms: comer; part ca*h: bal. easy. 853 .
11 rooms: sood income; rent $20 3.VJ
21 rcomt: wau-r rront: rent $40; lease. «533
ICO rcoms; rood lease; low rent 6S0O
P7 rrv.s. : apartnients;\Yesitern Add.; rent 250
Honey loaned at 1 per pent.
Hotels madhouse* flats, fl to 100 rooms.
EITHL & CARROLL. 212 Kumy at.
FOR *«!<• chezp.
\ pood boardirg aal lodging house business ,
at the termini:* of the North Shore Railroad.
Fan Rafael. Cal.; excellent oportunlty for
the right party. Write for particular? to •
MRS. FERRITER. Pan Rafael. Cal. -
8 ROOMS : lease ; men roomers -*£2JV
14 rooms: piano nnd paintings ii. 1 '!! '.
CO rnom»; transient: straight f-iW
$1000— 27 rooms: -1 years' lease; clears $10C;
owner colled EaM. MOSSMAN, S50 Market.
CLOSlTlTcO.. KC7'-i Market St.. room 1. have ;
several morttraeed rooming houses which
must be sold immediately; call and examine
our larpe free list: all offers considered.
A BARGAIN this week: forced sa!»; 34 rooms;
Market St.. central: all rented: first floor of- ¦
fices elearir.tr $175: only $2400: e-Bsy terms. .
PETF.RPEN ft. LARPEN. !O.t5 Market, rm. 1.
SPIRITUALISM.
ArtKlVEb— - PROF. FRED pTe VANS, the fa7 '
mous psychic: stamp fcr circular. 1112 Eddy
et.. near Octavla.
THOMAS OUELLETTE; special life readings
25c: - absolutely free unless correct; full
cames iriven. 34 Sixth sL. rooms 10 and 12.
A — E?h«-I Crlndle. materializing srance Friday ,
eve., 50o. 1115 Po*t St.. S o'clock sharp.
John Slater's circle- to-night at *:15 sharp;
readings to-day, 10 to 4. 33S O'Farrell st.
Attend MRP. HARLANDS cir. to-night. 5at..
Sun.. lOc; prophetic readings dally. 14$ 6t».
CIRCLE to-night: readings daily. MRS.
HOLMES. 517 McAllister st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c: fittings. 1CC0 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
LI.WAKL) EARLE. 1052 Ettts. readings dally.
9:*0 tn 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Heading This Week for;
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The FlrJt Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Evrr in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee I
to make you no charge if I fail to tell your
name, occupation and what you ca!l for; I ;
promise to tei! you whether husband, wife or 1
sweetheart is true or false; to tell whom and ;
when you will marry: In fact. I will tell you j
every hope. f*ar or ambition better than you •
can tell yourrejf. He restores lost affections, f
reunites the- separated, causes speedy and :
happy marriages, makes you succefsfu! and \
prosperous cures disease and lost vitality 1
without medicine, locates hidden treasures; |
hours 10 ». m. to S p. m. : Sundays 2 to 3. ;
320 O'Farrell tt.. C26.
MME. M BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Thtrd st.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an 1
accurate description of the past, reveals the j
present happe-ninps ar.d portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are in trouble, dls- {
contented or not satisfied tn life, or have do- ,
mestic. love cr business troubles, cor^ult this
(treat medium and you will be told how to •
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs j
of lift" 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. B?ack -i5<K>.
ISMAR. the Ejyptlan gypsy, cialrvcyant and
palmist permanently located «t 1104 Msrket
et cor" Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. j
I m" to 6 p. 111-; readings by mail as eatlsfac- j
tory as in person: 3 questions answered. $1: •
full life *5; *«nd lock of hair, date and year ;
of-blrth: don't send currency. Send postofneo. j
Wells-Fanro money order or registered letter, j
i K MME. PORTER, scientific clc.irvoyantv.and j
card reader, born with a doub'.e veil and sec- 1
ond right; t«Us the past, present and future: j
ladie« 50c; gent*. $1; by card*, palmistry
and cialrvcyant sitting: $1 50. 123 Turk* at.
1 Mrs. A. II. Kronenberg. paimitt. clairvoyant.
card reader will sHe a goexl reading. 10c. for
a short tlmr> only; —ben ether* fail try me to
i convince yourself. -!C2 Franklin, near Grove.
I i— Mme. Raver.na reads life, business adv'.c»; j
names given: 2."*- up. 5 4th et.. near Mfrket. j
' MI£S BEVMOOB. wonderful card leader; sat-
1 iafaction cuara'nt«-ed. 30:; J-gEle. cor. 4th.
: MRS BUAFEU clairvoyant card reader: *!t- j
j tings dally. 448'^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and Oth.
¦ OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in L-ty.
j 2bVfc Kearny. roo:n 20: ladies 25c. csnts Uiz.
I - -- =
DENTISTS^
! DnTLUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
I —No c-harpe lor extracting v. hen plates are
made; old plates made; over like new; tet-th
from JS p*T set: extracting. 50c: gas Riven.
'• A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot brcaU;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $•') T>0; fllllr.ss, 50c;
p'.a;es, $6; lull s^t; ell wcrk pajnl'ss and w *r-
: ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
! GOLD fllliiies. 75c; silver. ."{5c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.IIewltt.'JOt Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2:J5 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c
I 10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free
New York Dentists. »(3 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
j DnKSS.MAKKRS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
i McDOWELL. Dressmaking and Millinery School
; — Any pattern cut to measure. 101a Market.
! ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
i art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
I " DVEIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
! EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets.
i lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
1 Heights Dye Works. :J915 phone
j for wagon. Went 453. H. HIOKMAK, pres.
KDL'CATIOXAL.
j a — CALDWiCLL College of Oratory, Acting.
Opera and Authorship; larset>t in the West;
It teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
i new catalogue free. 1235 Market, cur. Ninth.
i HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, thortband, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easlert. most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
COACHING, from primary grade to High
School, including music and drawing, by ex-
perienced teacher; 50c an hour for single
le-KBon; re-ductlon for more. MRS. E. BA-
KEIt. 3114 Washington; phone Steiner 2151.
AYKKS, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: Uand.«3me catalogue free; life scholar-
th'pj$5«; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA .Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school" ;' positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in- j
ctructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk si.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'iS School of Mines & Electrlcity.24 Post
rt.. ti. F. ; a practical school of engineering; '
•complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to It* H> Van Ness ave. ;• rates reduced during
bummer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, a tf ay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
e!er Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gat* av«-s.,S.F. : fills every requlremnt
DANCING Tuesday, Thurwlay. Saturday and
Sunday evi^ngs at Teutonla S Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO ard German; pupil of L-:ipsic Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 34C Golden Gate.
AT Kingsland Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 11S4 Halght et.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
Inyfrom Nature.. CURRIER, 372 fiutter et.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.writlnjc.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th,
Chicago EuMncss College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $S mo.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C T>»~>l. in annwr for m.lllr,. tl •"•- «¦— ••
HELP WASTED — MALE — Con. "
PACIFIC ™ "^PACIFIC
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 Sacramento st. .cor. Leldesdorff.
Phone Main 1191.
FREE FARE. HUMBOLDT CO.
25 Italians, railroad wcrk In woods, large
sawmill company, long Job, $35 and found.
RENO. NEVADA. FREE FARE.
25 laborers, fee $1, $2 a day.
20 laborers, large mine, south, part far* paid
you'll suit. $45 and found.
6 teamsters, large ranch, $1 60 day and fd.
Blacksmith, city, ?3 a day.'
ASTORIA, OREGON, close to PORTLAND.
FEE Si; fare very cheap; work all winter;
25 laborers, *51 60 and found.
15 rockmen, *59 and found.
We are the only office that ships.
TVILLITS, URIAH ROUTE. 20 MEN. FREE
FARE.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work. FREE FARE.
50 section hands all over State. FEE $1.
P. P. R. R. Co.'s own work; 10 Italians,
FREE. FARE. Board themselves. SOUTH.
Section work.
• BOSS HERE TO-DAY.
BUTTE CO.. CHICO. FEB $1. HALF FARE.
50 teamsters, laborers and rockmen. $2 25 to
$2 50 day. DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S own
work: half fare.
20 laborers, trackmen and splkers, $2 to $2 50
day. This Is company work. NO DISCOUNT.
5 muckers, tunnel, S hours, ?07 50.
10 laborers, 10c fare, S2 day; donkey engi-
neer, wcod», boss here. S40 and found; 300
men for all kinds 0* sawmill and woods work
all over; see us.
500 other Jobs in our office not advertised.
Call and see us: get a free list of Jobs at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento St., 520.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st. — French
chef. 8100; cook for resort. $55; waiter, city
hotel. $30; second butler, ?4O; 8 men' for
road work, private place?. $26 and found:
d!?hwasher. W0; dishwasher, near city. ?20;
boy for doctor's office $25; assistant Janitor,
$10; e'.evator boy, ?30; grocery clerk and
tend bar. etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2G Montgomery, rm. V2.
Night porter, city. $25; young bellboy. ?10;
colored waiters. SH2; waiters. $-".O.
WANTED— Strong, healthy man 23 to 45 years
of age who understands poultry' work: must
know how to milk; give full particulars in
answering this; wages $23, with increase.
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm, Edenvale, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foct-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best Khocs on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — An experienced salesman for glove
and ribbon department. Call at STRAUSS &.
FROHMAN'8, 107 l'ost st.
BOY wanted. Apply after 0 a. m. at ths
Rtevenson-st. entranre of (-'HAS. LYONS,
London Tailor, 721 Market St.
.WANTED — Experienced salesman to take
charge of glove and ribbon department. Ad-
dress L. R. & CO., box 2446, Call.
YOUNG man, quick and accurate with figures,
also bright office boy; give reference and
ftate salary expected. Box 2450. Call.
WANTED — .Stationary engineer to run mill ma-
chinery; references. Woodward & Watson
planing mill, Oakland^
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam, bid.
GOOD errand boys wanted. MARKS BROS.,
1220 Market st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st. ; wages J^
BARBERS — 2 steady at Russ House. 217 }
Montgomery st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
515 Hayes ft.
GOOD military tailor; Fort McDowfcll, Angel
Island, CiU. Call or write Post Tailor.
AN extra lunch waiter. 212 Brannan et.
WANTED — Good. Bcbcr country newspaper
man. Call Monday at 626 Callnuhan bldg.
SECOND waiter wanted. Park Hotel, 23 Turk
3treet. ¦
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing. 207
Ellis st.
WANTED — Bootblack for barber shop. 62S
Post st.
BOOTULACK wanted in barber xhop; wages
paid. 1543 Devisadero near Post.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 700 Geary,
cor. Hyde. •
HARNESS maker wanted at once. 71S Fol-
yf.m st.
WANTED— A carriage painter at 1163 Mis-
sion st. ¦
WANTED — Pants operators; union workshop;
union wa^es. Apply 27 Geary St.. S. X.
WOOD fc CO.
A THOROUGHLY competent clothing sales-
man: none other need apply. S. N. WOOD
& CO. ~*
A YOUNG man to assist in wrapping depart-
ment. S. N. WOOD & CO. -
CASH boys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO. ~
BARBERS, 2-cha!r shop for eale; price 160;
cheap rent. Box 2154. Call office.
BOYS —anted immediately to pare fruit with
1 machine; good waces. California Canneries'
Co., 423 Brannan st.
WANTED at once — 2 errand boys over 12
years old. at JOE ROSENBERG'S store. 816
Market st. ___*
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' ¦
WANTED — Educated young r.-.an to ! learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; ?9O0 per year; flm-class references
required. Stoddartl Lectures. 210 Examiner
\ building.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods delivery clerk; one capable of tak-
ing charge of delivery department; state age,
experience and salary expected. Apply box
2439. Call office.
A SALESMAN and manager for large depart-
ment Boys' and children's clothing. Address,
stating experience and la&t position, box
2427. Call office. .
WANTED — Young man to teach little boys In
return for board and assistance In his stud-
ies. Write or call after 6 p. m. on H. C.
COONLEY. 1017 Clay St.. San Francisco, Cal.
.WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. : 25O. rooms: i5c per night.
2 NEAT hustlers- adapted * for ex-Insurance
¦ or sewing machine agents; permanent; good
pay. Apply 673 Ellis St., bet. 4:30 and 5:30.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery at.. San
Francisco Construction , Company.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber 8chool, .741 A Howard st.'
SAILORS and ordinary teamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 2R Steuart st.
LARGE errand boy for tailor shop. • 110A "Wil-
liam st.,'oft Geary, near Taylor. . . V :
STEAWT. active boy j for wholesale house; stat*
; 1 age and experience. ' Box 243S, Call office. -
'WANTED — Oyster man; also porter, at 463
Seventh st.". Oakland.
[ BARBER shop; 4 living rooms; cheap rent; 3
; years' lease; reasonable. 229 Hayes at.
' YOUNG men for Australian ships; also sailors.
• at HERMAN'S. ? 26 Steuart st. - •
" FOR sale— fS5;,l-chalr barber shop: 5 rouma;
1 rent S5. . 8 .Thirteenth st.
- COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. &
CO.. 24 Sutt«r «t- /
8A> FWAACISCO CALL. m \
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franci«co
Call, corner Market and ThirJ etreets: open
ur.'Jl 12 o'clock «-\ery night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Ci^y; open until i>:30 p. ro.
300 Ue>es ttrcet; open until 0:30 p. m .
«39 UcAUifitcr street: open until 0:30 p. m.
t>15 Larkln ttreet; open until 0:30 p. m.
1»41 HtfHt street: cj*>n until 10 P. m.
C2«.l Mark't strett. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: rpen until 9 P- m.
10U6 Valencia street : cpr-n until 'J p. «n.
Isonliv e:-t corner -.'f TweiHy-SJccnd and Ken-
tucky etrr.ets; open until 3 p. m.
KlUmcre y.rpct : open t:n;ll 0 p. '"•
»IEKTI.\« XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commands y No. I. K. _^
T— R.giiiar s^mblv THIS EVEN- "JKp'
ING at 7:3d o'.lock.. Ort«T of Tern- ££
plr ah /r.-.tere roin-t*>ou«ly invited, j
THOMAS H nRO'.VNl-;. Co-n:nander. j
T. L. HENDERSON. Re-cord ei. |
Masonic Temple. m^tF THlh t\L,>-VY
ING 7 o'clock. "." D. /^\
CEOROE PKNL1NGTON. S?c.
GOLDEN CITY Lodge- No. 03. K. at J^ s _'
P^negular tonventior. THIS <KRI- XrffV^
DAT) EVENING, nt 8 g>^5
Knlglit rank <lonc form) will be J£J<>\,
conferred by the team from Euceka Lodge
No. ML K. of P. Fourth rank. >
.1. S. COLBY. C. C. i
GEO. THOMSON. K. cf R. ?:id P. I
EAN FEANCISCO Tent No. <_^?8fev
\y Iv <~>- T. M. — R«-v>w iGZJ— — V^rV
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- S>3 O WVS
ING at S o'clock. Pioneer $tvlU|l
Eall 24 Fourth st. 1S7/«-^V«h
D. B RICHARDS. XW?cJfc7'_7
Record Keer".
ATTOn\EVS-AT-LAA*'.
ROBt! W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm €11: all cases, damage*, estates, wills,
tttachment*. collections, etc.; consultation
'ree; no advance charges: call cr write; even-
ings by appointment. Tel. Ued 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advar.ee cost In meritori-
ous cat**, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no f«-es In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. T HURSTON. >>I9 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free divorcee a specialty ;quick. quiet; I
no < harpe without succets; established 15 yrs. j
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. cpp. Hale's. j
A1TK£N & AITKEN. attcrneys. rs. 309-10-11. j
Clunie bidi.-.. 503 California »-t.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; all cases; open evenings. M.
L RYAN. S3rt Market st... cor. Stockton.
AUTOMOBILES FOR SALE.
ETEAM toGxtag CMTi nearly r»w; perfect con- j
ditioi! late-tt i:npro\cmerits; J'.stillate burn- '
«*r. 6 II. P.: $7u0; write for photograph; !
will excliange lor good land. Elk Cyclery. ]
r. S. JACKS. Napa. Cal. :
BIItDS DO US. ETC. :
VOUNG talkmicpttrrcLa.$5 «ach;Germ£n singing j
tanarieb, $2. we will try to please you; every- |
tiling in our Cm at right prices. 1546 Market.
nOARDIMi FOR CHILDREN.
KOOa and board for school boy 12 years old in
nice faxni'.v; terms moderate. Box 1:122. Call.
BWtSICSS CHAMCES.
A-$1500; RESTAURANT and chorhouse;
<i<*e to Phelsn bailding; itally receipts about
J*5; F^_>nai^ butinee*. See R. G. WILKt;,
l.ti'M lC*?niy tt.
A — $327>; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Third tt.; rent t'lU; average dally receipts,
?!»; k bargain. K. G. W1LKE. 20's Kearny.
FOR sal* — Fwnltare. ocrpets and good will of
* DMT brtck aijarimcnt-huUM of 173 rooms,
in the clty'i tnellest lnoality: partly lur-
Bladaed. and although just o|>ened is half
nllrto with regular trr-antK already; long
I'ese-; ir you want an apartment-house don't
tail in g*-i particulars of this at rooms 1404-
14<^. Ca'.l t>ili!t3ing.
CoRNKR lodfring-house, CO room*, and every
enf tig and tunny ; downtown location; a n<-w
hous', nicely furnlchcd; on!y opened a short
tiro*-, ytt already on a vaying baris; every-
Thmg mc<ic-rn — > lectric light. ' steam heat.
etc.; long lease: a pood legitimate investment;
offered tor what It's worth — not a ccr.t loss,
not a cent more. Apply rooms 1404-1405. Call
•I'tiiijir.g.
ROAD house, store or ualoon; $37.V>; a big
.snap; store, or could make saloon and flat
above, together with about 4 acres fronting
204xD42 fe«?t on main county road adjoining
Oakland; property next to this sold for more
than d'«ublf i*xk itnuunt; owner is non-reel-
opnt and wents to close out; building cost
52500 siIojip. THE ALDEN CO., HIS Broad-
way. OsJiland.
BKA NCH bakery, laundry efflce, cigars, sta-
tionary, notions for Bale at Jess than invoice
vrlc*-: tfood paying rtand. 1007«a Mkt.. rm.l.
A«~riv;i:, reliable parlner for fine paying office
busirr-ys; good income a»pured; $225 cash re-
<iuir«-j; splendid < hance. !007H Market, rm. 1.
DO YOl" WANT TO GO INTO BUSINESS?
Do you want to go out of business?
M'Sl'erii & Harrison, iiusinet* Agents. 3 Taylor.
iCBe— LA.UICDHT roulo; rood horse; new
(rayon. $-K»o — Stationery, laundry office; pays
£2" mo. ; cigars, etc. ilossman. S50 Market.
NORTH of Market st. restaurant fcr sale; sac-
rifice: fiiK*t location; no agents; make offer.
B<~x ZfSX. Call office.
UVf-TEK and tlv^liouse for sale; no reason-
nb!» nrfer refused- ICO Ftfth st.
| iV> H_\ll little oyFter and chophouse: no op-
pt*)tion: clears ff»«. 55 Third rt., room 1.
ON'C-THIBO interest in len? csublished em-
ployment ageney for J5(n). Box 244'.>, CalL
SPLENDID chance for hakery business; tewn,
:i'>r e-ity; ove-n in place. S-t Potrero ave.
WANTED — A. man with KXOQ,%0Q to buy irri-
. • :.c dit'.h paying j i*r cent net; chance
l« double value within three years.
CHABLE8 W. COE & CO., 45 West Santa
clara et., Han Jo*e.-
KKSTAURANT— $1750— VALLEJoT~CAL.
< emibl loc— tSoa: pent reasonable; 4S chairs
Kpi*»-i- floor; 25 chairs ground floor; average
11-t profit per month S!5<». J. H. HAIlVEi',
Ml Mp.rket st., Srom 2 to S p. m .
OPPORTT'NITV for experienced liquor man as
vo-woricer and prospective fto<:kholder in well
eftablislird liquor house. Applicants give age.
experience, references. Address box 520J
Sacramento.
BAKERY ajid conrr-^tlonerj'; corner store; 4
living iwims; uten-tls all new: will sell less
thmi invoio*-; •.•wn»r going East; a snap.
1102 Guerrero st.
WANTED— Energetic 'man with $500 for office
work of manufacturing in:.-ii. <.-<•; money
t hoi ougnly secured:- Investigation solicited.
ilox 244J. Call offl.e.
$125— RELIABLE partner wanted; established
tiusiiK**; cii-arn $7W per month each. ."j
Third Et.. room L
' KlKbY-CLjUH delicacy ftore; good location;
doing good btutarm; at a bargain: slcknes*
<«Uhe of sellir^. Box !0a7. Call.
flCOO — THE Santa Cruz bi'.l-postiug plant; will
» ay for Itself in one year. 250 Pacific ave.,
c Panta Cmz. Cal.
uIVJCEIwY and bar; great bargain: line loca-
•lon and trade: cheap rent; living rooms;
gone! liar business. 2X0 Minr.a st.
f25 — SHOE rhojj; cood luxation: fine trade;
tr.uft sell at once. 704 Devisadero st.
T <>n rale— iloclia restaurant. 175V»H Mission
*trett.
>. bakeiy: delicafy: all store traeV: $25 a day;
Fr:c« fISCO: no agents. 715 McAllister st.
ji WEEK'S news Tor 6 ctr.tf— The Weekly Call.
'H pajes. in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
« AHI'E'f UEATIXG -\ XD . CLEA.MXg!
A Jit. cumprttted. dry. ite cold, is now unlver-
Mtlly im •; in eantuirlly cleaning carpets, on
Il'ior. without removal owlnjury 1 : prices moo-
eiate. Apply B. F. COMPRESSKD AIB
CLF.AN1NO CO.. Call big.: phone Main SZi'4.
WUKS you ix-ct.me- disgusted with your work
*e-nd fcr SPAUIJjING'S Picneer Carpet-be^t.-
>::a Works. :~.: l -::tr. Tehsma st. ; tel. South 4U.
CALIFORNIA Carj«-t-beati«2~Co.. J McQueen,
proprietor. ;C5* Guerrero rt.; u.\. Mission 49.
TR1 llpl'ICE BUOS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattiw-f s»». n.;.iir ever. 14^2 Howard ;Soutb 2H
ADVANCE fanH Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutlt-rsl..
tel. Mfcin 3S>4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
llVLHilA'li &: CO.. r-uniet-bcating works: prlctt
••«¦¦. i-orji'h!- . 17Q3 harrUo'.i St.; tel.MUeion 213.
OUNKLLK'8 «rr>erlor Can>«:t-bcatii;g Work*
TJ3 Goiden Gate «ve-. : telephone East 12«.
CHIROPODISTS.'
DUVLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— A!
i»!Jm»ntr "f th» feet cured: corn*. bun!on».etc
COLLUCTIO.V OFFICES.
BANGHART &. WETER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Msrket Street. Room 37.
AUUCE Iiee; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO.
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 816 Market
tel. Red &S: collections; gen'l law business.
lAlt -.tram* ejected, for ft: collections made
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTIO!>
*~f> «is Mosuromerr. rooms n-10: t*l A5S0
Great strikes are made In work and trade
By those whose faith on us is stayed.
So if you've aught to sell or buy
Don't give up till The Call you -try:
Or if you find that trade is dull ,
We'll help you through the time of lull.
Or wish to hire a workman fine, i ;•.>..
Or rooms would rent, house large or small, " •
To meet your need employ The Call.100 Esperanza ... 03 300 Mont Ton.. 107^
100 Esperanza .:. 04 40 Mont Ton..X02H
400 Gipsy Queen.. 2H 1000 Rescue 10
300 MacNamara. , 19 4CC0 United Ton... 16
500 MacNamara . 20 .
Afternoon Session.
500 Esperanza ... M 100 Ton Belmont. 1 80
1000 Rescue 10
, CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Auff. 27—4 p. ra.
Bid.Ask.1 • EM Ask.
Alpa 05 07,'julia 02 <W
Alta W OTiJustlce" 10 12
Andes 13 14KentucIc 02 ft".
Belcher 23 25>Mexican .... 85 »S
Best & Belch.1 45 —Occidental ... S« 37
Bullion .. ... 01 02!Ophlr 1501M
Caledonia ... 81 84'Ovennan -22 23
Challenge Con 21 2fiiPotosi U 12
Chollar 11 12,Savage 2O 21
Confidence... — 1 OSScorpion ..... 02 O4
Ton Cal & V.I '331 40'Ses Belcher.. 00 10
Con Imperial. 03 04, Sierra Nev... 61 Ki
Con NY 12 lllsilver Hill .. «S 70
Crowni Point. 11 12 St Louis .... 10 —
Eureka Con.. 4f» . —ra Syndicate ¦ ... OH
Excheqner ... 04 03! Union Coa ..60 «1
Oould & Cur. 25 2fi'Utah -20 21
Hale A-Nor.. 3G as! Yellow Jack.. 60 B2
Lady Wash . . 04 Otj! "
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Coiehan ..... — IS. Rescue 09 It
Esperanza ... 03 04 Ton Belmoot.l 6O 1 SK»
Gipsy Queen. 25 2fl,Ton & Cal ... 20 30
Oold Mt .... — lOiTon & G W.. — 09
Hacnapah ... — 21 Ton of Nev.. — 8 00
MacNamara.. — lft Toa N Star.. 40 .45
Mlzpah Ex .. — 35|Midway — 4*
Mont Toa. .1 05 1 QJ'ijToa & Sail L. — -.65
Paymaster ... — 25'United. Toa .. !• —
TQNOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Fire Destroys Large Shingle Mill.
EVERETT. Wash., Aug. 27.— Fire de
stroyed Ira Joy's lumber and shingle mill
on the shore of Lake Stevens, near HartJ
ford, this morning. The loss la approxi
mated at $30,000, mostly Insured.
GAME LAW CONTESTED
IN FEDEBAI. COTJST
Alleged That the Section Making a
Close Season for Shrimps Is
Unconstitutional.
An attempt was made yesterday In the.
United States District Court to test the
validity of the Sate law making a close
season for shrimps beween May 1 and
September 1. The atteiaot was in the
form of a petition for a writ of habeas
corpus on behalf of Ah King, a Chinese
flshermart, now serving a sentence of ten
days' imprisonment li the County Jail for
violating the law. j
The petition alleges that the law is
unconstitutional, unreasonable, arbitrary
and oppressive and in conflict with sec
tions 1, 11 and 13 of article I and section
24 of article IV of the constitution, and
that it was not the intention of th". Leg
islature to protect shrimps, but to protect
young fish from May to September- It
avers also that the shrimp is a crustacean
and spawns during the entire year and
lives only ninety days, for which reason,
it is alleged, it is a useless, arbitrary and
oppressive act to make a close season for
shrimps for four months.
Judge de Haven der.ijd the petition on
account of certain informalities. These
informalities were corrected later in the
day by the filing of a new petition, which
will be considered this morning.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Peter Gunn to Fannie A. Gunn, lot on S
line of Kills street. 137:8 E of Polk, E 27:0
by S 120, to correct 178'J.D. 1W; $10.
Anglo-Callfornlan Bank (Ltd.) to Sarah Er
langer and Meyer Galinger. lot on E line of
Polk Btrett, 77:Sy» Not Sacramento, N GO by
Joachim* D. Hintmann to Mary F. Welling
ton lot on W line of Pierce street, <5 N of
Fddy N 25 by W 00; $10. "
" Belle H. Plummer to Melville W. Plumper
lot on N line of Jackson street. Ijj >v or
on W line of Lyon street. 50 S of California.
K WlUlam .^MnVtha Jaenicke to Katherlna
M . Woiurs. lot on E line ot.8 tanyan^jtreet,
lot on E toe of Wlllaru street. 100 N of Carl
N A 5 da by M E Fr°^ 10 to > Theodora M. and Mart
in F Lemon lot on N line of Elliott Park. JOS
It" of S?"«f street, W 22 by N 70. Hamilton
i&oSoVon'NE corner of Dolores and Elght
tv 11 - Tm'' W r^o! also lot on W line of Do-
Jore^^reei.' 'JS'.S B of Seventeenth. S 50 by
W 125; $ — -• Kellv. re-rccord 17C4 D.
iifilSfi 2gSMffSS £L? of Do10 " 91
N 1W- w r.f' ?_? O rt n ' ,'' National Bank to John
C r k lMmT Nelson, lot on -E line of
"me" S B « Seventeenth. S 24 by E
cH-iililiillil
git S' »».o^na Zaleslcy to John T. Schaeffeld, lot
on K NW Hileof wSlSt. street. 210 NE of Fourth,
N Th 2 eod b ore J "G V M 0 alech Q -to J. D M.mlenhall. lot
on E Hn« of Maryland street, 12., S of Marin.
l^on^sl^cCartn^ (wife of 8) to James
MW FUen ? A°' and George, S. Fife to Paul and
Thlrty-flret avenue. 275 S of Clement street.
8 Isaac fnd^Hclena Licbes to Charles Ruling,
lot on W line of Seventh avertue, 150 N of B
GeoVge Ryan, lot on W
1. Ryan'» Bubdivision Bcrnal Heights lot 50;
fl Jacob Heyman Company to John E. Cooper,
lot on 6 line of Seventeenth, street. 100 4 E
of Stanyan. E 25:0, S 111:5. W -25, N 113.4,
Bridget Kelly to Margaret Burke, lot. on N
line of Silver avenue. 200 \Vof Congdon street,
W 50 by N 110, lot 17, block 0, College Home-
Builders' Contracts. '
•; William 3. Dingee (owner) with John ; Sim
men (contractor), architects Meyer & O'Brien
— Alterations and additions ; in store on build-
Ing on NE corner cf Geary street and Grant
aver.U". N ll w _':«. E fcO. S l!2:«, W 19:5. S CO,
W. 40:7: SC7."i*».
Emma J. Richards (owner) with Connon &
Cf.nlAn (contractor?), architect Charles Hoyne —
All work for a two-story frame building (4
flats) on W l:ne of Guerrero street. 1S5 X o!
Twenty-fifth. \V 125 by N' 25; $70 < . > S.
Whlttier. Coburn Company towncra) with
Thomas H. Day's Sons (contractors), archi
tects. Henry H. Meyers and Clarence R. Ward
— All work for frame an-1 corrugated Iron
buildings on S. line of Hooper street, 1C0 W of
Seventh, W .100 by S 120: $1C.4€O. .
Alamsda County.
John P and Edna F. Beckett (wife) to W.
K. Cole., lots 37U. M and W 14 of lot 36V4.
anv.ndcd map. -subdivisions Mosswood Tract
(recorded August 22, 1003). Oakland; $10.
Harlotv P. Bancroft to Amos L. Bangle, lot
on E line of Telegraph avenue. !>5 S of Moss
avenue. S S3 by E 110. portion lot 81. same
map. Oakland; $10.
Same to Schuyler G. and Clara F. 'Brown,
lot 28. Hock P. Alpine Tract, deed and agree
ment. Oakland: $10
Richard J. Montgomery (single) . to The
Realty Syndicate, lots 5 to ."7 and 47 to 6»l
block 2090. lot 14. block 2f)01. map Central
Oakland Tract Oakland; $10.
Christopher M. and Louise L. Cook to Lydia
A. Swafford. lot on SW line of Santa Clara
avenue :tl9.17 SK of Oakland avenue. SE 40.
SW ll«.r. NW. ::S.!)t>, NE llt.W. portions lots
11 and 12 block J map Flint Tract No. 4.
Oakland: $10.
Frank H. Ayers (single) to Sena Larkin
(widow), lot on N corner of East Sixteenth
street and Eleventh avpnue. NW 3."5:4 by NE
00. hlock 87. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
John II and Lizzie McA. Perine to Ellen
T McKlhatton (wife of Andrew), lot on SW
line of East Twenty-second street. 419:8V4 SE
of Twenty-fourth avenue. SE .15 by SW 115.
block N map subdivision 60, Associates
Tract tiast Oakland; ?10.
Edson n. or E B. and Elizabeth F. Spitler
(wiie) to C. U Crane, lot on E line of Henry
street. 120 S of Vine. S SO by E 135. lot *6
and portion lot 7. block 8. Graves and Taylor
Tract, Berkeley; $10. '¦'•?*
W A. and Laura A. Graves (wife) to Bertha
V McCarthy (wife 6f J.). lot 20 and S V,
lot 28. map subdivision lots 12 to 14 and por
tion lot II of corrected map Sqyder Home
stead Tract.- Berkeley: $10.
Henry Z and Sarah M. Jones (wife) to
Samuel L. Messlck. lot 00, Galindo Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10. ._....
Antonio de F. and Vestina de J. Miranda
(wK») to J. S. Fnrtado. beginning at a stake
on E lino c.t Prospect street. S0i> from BrUtee
frtreet, thence N 1«K) by E l.'rt. lot 4, block 17.
Hay wards Park Homestead Union. Eden
Township:,' also lot 5, block 17. same, Eden
Township; $10. . .
Joao P de Freitas (widower) to Frank C.
Ccrrea, lots 21 nnd 22, block 66, Map of Town
of Nlles, Washington Township; $10.
Stephen and Slmone or Andrea Onetto to C.
S and Sar»h- KIrrsr. -ratifying and conflrminK
»!>:? D. 387, lot on NW line of Twelfth (James)
street. 47:0 W of Willow, W 47 :« by N 135.
lot 14, block A, Oakland Point Homestead
Tract. Oakland; $17 ,
Katherine D. and William E. Keller (hus
band) to Mrs. Sylvia Baker, lot on SW corner
of Thirtieth and Filbert streets, W 125 by S
60? lot 24, block A. Map of. Golden Gate Ilome
•tead, Oakland: S10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
ti> Hans P. Raust./ lot on W line - of ¦ Ettlc
street. 22ft S of B street, S 25 by W 133. being
subdivision C, In lot 0. Mock 705, Map No. 2
Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
Hercules Boot and Shoe Company (corpora
tion) to Martin L. Crowell, lot on S line of
University avenue, 62:6 E of Tenth street.' E
25 by S H)0, block 100. Map of Tract B. Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10.
C. E. and Jennie Williamson (wife) to Wal
ter and Cornelia Welsh, lot on N line of Har
mor. street (as now opened and extended
through to Adeline). 40 E-from E line of Re
pent-street -Homestead. E 40 by N 141, block
2 map of property of A. B. Dixon, Berkeley;
$10.
Professor Woodward Takes a Bride.
PARIS/ Aug. 27.— Professor Benjamin
D.. Woodward of Columbia University vra.s
married, to-day in the American Church
in the Rue du Beya to Hiss Gladys Van
Buren Piver, the singer. , Dr. • Thurber.
the' pastor of the church, officiated. A
small invited party was present at "the
wedding breakfast which followed the
ceremony. Mr. and Mrs. Woodward later
started on an extended wedding trip.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: FKIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1903.
13
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd linfnrn.
MASON. 217 — Sunny rooms; quiet, respe'ctable
house, board optional; phone Howard 2696.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
SUTTER, 1531-t2 large furnished parlors; pri-
vate hell; telephone; rent reasonable.
THE FERNDALE. 7 Grant ave.— Furnished
bedroom and kitchen, $5 per week.
TURK. 1218 — Large sunny front room; eecond
floor. * \i2 . —
THE FERNDALE. 7 Grant ave.— Furnished
rooms. $2 up; transient^ j
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; S5c to $1 night;
$1 75 to ?6' week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel; 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 Tooms;
3Sc to $1 .10 night: $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ROOMS AXP BO A . R . P :
AMOyTtHE i 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny roomt. ¦
suite cr Mn*!e: billiards: steam heat. ¦ .
STEVENSON Mansion. b07 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; beat table and
service; lowest rates. . . . . •
$30 TABLE board for ?20; only firBt-cUf<« ho-
tels ; no fake. Box 2420. Call office.
fcicWLY furnished rooms with board; low ratt.
827 Mission st.
ROOMS AM) BOARD WAITED.
BY a young lady, board In respectable family;
moderate price. Box 2151. Call office.
SOLICITOR WANTSD.
WANTED — Solicitor with horse and baggy for
Oakland and surroundings; references re-
quired; must he a runtlcr. Apply Oakland
Pickle Factory. 1C22 Grove st.. Oakland.
¦y V^~-; ;^ >i JPECXAXISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. CottlnRham. 204 Rutter. St.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
houxehold gcods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard at., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Po*t and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 233 Golden Gate ave ; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- !
pany, 2320 Fillmore Ft.; phone Jacktron 281. '
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut ratea.
8TITTEHING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California. — Filed
August 25. l!»03. ALBERT B. MAHONY.
Clerk, by E. J. CASEY. Deputy Clerk; No.
2R.150. Probate — In the matter of the estate
of ALICE SKAE. deceased. Notice for pub-
lication of time appointed for probate of will.
C. C. P., Sec. l.".03. — Notice is hereby given
that Tuesday, the 8th day of September,
A. D. 1903, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day,
and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
have been appointed as the time and place
for provlnc the duly authenticated copy of
the will and codicil of said ALICE SKAE,
deceased, and of the probate thereof, and
•for hearing the •appllcatkm of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY of San Francisco,
a corporation, for the Issuance to it of let-
ters testamentary thereon. [Seal.] ALBERT
B. MAHONY, Clerk, by E. J. CASEY.
Deputy Clerk. Dated. August 25. A. D. 1003.
MORRISON & COPE. . attorneys for pe-
titioner.
THE drayaee firm of Baker & Co. has dis-
solved partnership. R. T. Baker can be found
with Hulme & Co., 405 Front st. Telephone
No. Main 17C7.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the grocery and
bar at 071 Harrison st. will change hands
about the 1st of September.
PROFOSALB.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal , August 20. 1003.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re'
celved here until 12 o'clock, noon, September
10, 1903, and then opened, for furnishing at
Sa'n Francisco. Cal.. Portland, Or., or Seat-
tle or" Tacoma. Wash., for shipment to Ma-
nila. P. I., 7.SO0.OO0 pounds of hay and 7,400,-
000 pounds oats. Government reserves right
to reject or accent anv or all bl-Js in whole
] or in part. Information furnished on appllca-
! tion to C. A. DEVOL, Quartermatter, Chief
j Q. M. ,
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 81. 1903— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. rr.., Aucust 31. 1003. and
then opened for repainting, plastering, kalso-
mlnlng. tinning, shingling and repairing at
the general hospital at the Presidio of San
Francisco. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids In whole or In
part. Information furnished on application
to J. McE. HYDE. Deputy Quartermaster
General. Chief Q. M. Dept. of California.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Aug. 27, 1003.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon Seot. 7. 1903. and then
opened for construction of pewcrs at Depot
of Recruits. Instruction. Presidio of San
Francisco. Cal. Government reserves right
I to reject or accept any or all bids In whol»
1 or In part. Information furnished on appli-
cation to C. A. DEVOL, Quartermaster.
Chief Q. M.
j U. S. ENGINEER Office, Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. Aug. 2G, 1903.— Sealed pro-
posals for repairing U. S. Bnagboat Selzer
will be received here until noon. September
. 2G, 1JKC5. Information on application. W. H
HEUER. Lieutenant Colonel of Engineers.
• MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Alison H. Stilsi-iu. 30. SIS McAllister street,
and Lillian Dies, 2.:, ll(i Turk Ptreet.
John P. Carr. 21. 354»> Twenty-first street.
and Mary M, Montague, 18. 144 Steiner street.
I Nathan Rotke, 30, 1019 Howard street, and
Dora Davidson, 28, 102C Howard street.
: Frank F. Carter. 25, 172 Russ street, and
Mollie Hare. 22. 12C0 Howard street,
i Frank C. Heath. 29. 1013 De Haro street,
and Emma Russell. 27. Pasadena.
Martin Curley, 2J, 220 Willow avenue, and
Delia Keegan, 1*<, 709 Van Ness avenue.
Mathlas H. Black, 58, Ti;scarora, Nev., and
Cora E. Tollcy. 40, Alameda.
George W. Ebe, 25, San Jose, and Lottie
Thompson, 20, city.
James GrllTen. 24. R05>4 Howard Ptreet, and
Agnes J. Goss, lfl. 178 Hartford street.
Kamuel D. Matthews, 62. 1411 Valencia
street, and Margaret K. Duggan, 42, 504
O'Farrell street.
Jorge A. Bettencurt, 25). 05 Jackson street,
and Julia Faustina, 19. G5 Jackson street.'
George W. Parker, 25, Oroville, and Georgia
V./Alrien. 20, Stockton.
/Thomas B. Slankard, 2fi. San Jose, and An-
nie M. Vessinn, 2(S. 2I0« Larkin street.
William C. Ocstlng, 21, city, and Emily G.
R. Brown, 18. city.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COOKE^ — In thin city, August 26, 1003, to the
wife of William Cooke, a son. j
STEIN— In thin city, August 21, 1903, to the
wife of G. Stein, a son.
MARBIEXK
ALEXANDER— STRAUSS— In this city. Au-
gust 24. l«03. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Leo-
pold Alexander of Los Angeles and Matllde
Straues of San Francisco.
BLUM — COHN — In this city, August 9, 1903,
by the Rev. M. 8. Levy. L»o Blum and
Flora Cohn, both of San Francisco.
BRILLIANT'-JACOBS— In 'this city. August
1«. 1U0.1, by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Iaaac
Brilliant and Mollie Jacobs, both of San
I Francisco.
GIBBS — HARTMAN — In this city. August 0,
1903, by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Morris Glbbs
and Hannah Hartman, both of San Fran-
cisco.
GIBSON— LONGMIRE— In this city. August
20, 1903, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford,, pastor
of the First Christian Church. Glon Wako-
(lfld Gibson of Williams, Cal., and Jessica
May Longmire of Colusa, Cal.
HIRSCH— LOEWNSTEIN— In this city, Au-
guft 19, 1903. by tho Rev. M. S. Levy. Myer
Hirsch of Portland, Or., and Martha K.
Loewnsteln of San Francisco. ....
KUHLMAN— MOHR— In this city, August 2(3,
UK», by the Rev. Dr. Will*. Charlea Kuhl-
man and Katie Mohr. both of San Francisco.
- ~ ""died! ~
Aehton. Charles Hartje, Florence . I*
Barry. Emma (Sister Kellogg, Prof. M. '
Marie du S. Coeur) Kelly. Ann -¦ •' -
Berglund. Nlles Knowles, Elizabeth
Bethell. Samuel I -a wiry. Grace E.
Bolander, Erma H. Oliphant, Erwin II.
¦ Bnrger, Charles Ramsey.. Catherine
Conro. Mrs. M. S. Reynolds, James P.
Cox (infant) « Emlth; Maria W.'
Crocker, IsaacB. Smith, Mary S.
Driscoll. Frank . Stoll, Mrs. Clara A.
X'lanncll*-. ill-*. Jk. Slorer. Mrs.- Janet-
j REAL ESTATJ3 CTTV FOR- SALE.
I — ~— , . .. .
EDDY ST.
$17,250.
CLOSE TO LEAVENWORTH.
Good frontaire. with extra depth: suitable for
flrFt-rlass store and rooming-house.
ADJOINS FINE NEW BUILDING.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
i MISSION st.. not far from Third: splendid
fmntape. with extra depth, running back to
rear street. An excellent buy. THOMAS
MAGEB & SONS. Real Estate Agents. -6
Montgomery et.
j STOP PAYIXG RENT.
Jl 00 down. bal. $20 per month; cottage 5 r.
and b.. on 2Cth st.. half block Castro-st. car».
J250 down, bal. f20 per month; cottace S r.
and b., Sanchei st. Office open on Sunday.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
A BARGAIN- $42r«O; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE'
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FOR Bale — House « rms.: high basement; sunny
Fide l!>th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. Mkt.
j REAL ESTATE — Country — Kor Sale.
j FpR sale cheap — Whitehouse resort, rear Falr-
' fax. contlPtlnjf of restaurant business and
• furr.irhed rooms in connection therewith; 24
: Fets of furniture, horses. Yraeons. etc. For
particulars apply M. COCI1RANE. San Ra-
fael. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected barptlns; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 649
Market st.
IM>I y.?!,.. 'MT 11 ?* ,?, y " R EAL ESTATK.
I WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, ihotos. etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldB.
ALAMEDA' ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
, JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $'> :>>*; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottare and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Cr. nd 1401. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEItKELEV HEAL ESTATE.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
new 2-stcry 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modrrn conveniencee, gas,
' electric lii?ht*. etc., en an Improved street.
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
soil to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance in month-
' ly installments: whole price $3500.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Ccr. Shattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages: up to date; all
conveniences; clcse to cars; large lots; $l&30
to $1000; cxly %2QQ caih. balance $10 Cu p«r
> tccctb. .
W. C. MORAN. Lorln station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashbr rtatlon.
) COTTAGE, 3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; half block from cars and train. Inquire
cor. Ros* si. and Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
1 OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3E0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
1 BARGAIN.
Positively the most elepant Improved grounds
in Alameda County; fine 9-room residence
; and barn; lot 90x150; en the west side of
Telegraph ave.
BERKELEY.
A 4-room cottage on a large lot. SOxlSO. This
1> a cnao at S12^0.
; M. L. WURTS 17th st. and Broadway.
$275 CACIl. tS 50 monthly; new cottage. 4
rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.; modern;
; eoil and location unsurpassed; adjoining: East
; Oakland; lot 25x138; more land can be had;
price in aU, $1250. Call or send for circu-
lar, 45j Seventh Bt.. opp. Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free. II. Z. JONES,
1 owner.
'. \ OAKLAND FCRMTrRE FOR SALE.
1 j TO-MORROW the day for bargains IrTTurnn
ture. H. Sehellhaa?. 11th £t..cor. store.Oaklnd
t ' ¦ — — -x
; Mill Valley Advertisements.
' MILL VALLEY IlEAI, ESTATE.
! TAKE rODB WIFE AND FAMILY
TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY
Ar.d see the splendid lots we are offering
right at the station for *400; terms 10 per
cent cash, balance *ly monthly; large lots,
50x125; the new electric trains are now tun-
ning, the best service in the country; you
will have a jileaeant outing, and it you buy
a lot it will prove a very profitable one;
values are bound to Increase; agents on the
grounds Sundays. LYON & HOAG, 116
Montgomery *t.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
| FELL. 22S — Elegiint suite, furnished for house-
keeping; $14: bath, gas range: adults.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
houFtkeeplr.fr; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
niyh.d. IMO Polk st.
; JESSIE. S33 — Sunny room; running water; gas
range; furnished housekeeping; $10.
j &EARNY. 104 — Sunny front suite; unfur-
nished; newly papered; no children: refs.
! MeALLISTER. n.'}*»— Nicely furnished mite; gas
range, hot bath, laundry'; adults; $7 to $14.
j MISSION. P11H — Nice sunny bay-window
puite; also other housekeeping rooms.
I MISSION, KMi'5 — Front scite, complete for
houpf-ke^ping; other room* $1 50 up week.
i SEVENTEENTH. .¦'..!24. near Mission; 3 fur-
nished hpkg. rooms; adults; refs exchanged.
i HOTELS ASP HOARDING-HOUSES.
'THB PRINCETON."
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
Superbly furnished and the only high-grail?
re*idfnce hctei in the city which is operated
on the Eusouean ulan. Located at No. 710
JONES ST.. bH. KUTTEH and I'OST BTS.,
and reached by three street car line,s. One
hundred rooms, nionly arranged en eulte,
with bath. Electric lightH, eteatn heat. Ions
distance telephone in every nuite; billiard
and smoking rorrna and a maenlflcent •grill-
room. Kates are very reasonable. -, v v;' ; !
j APART3IENTS TO LET.
! "EL MONTEREY, " the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, locatfl on the north side of
Pine st., between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
euperb brick building of Spanish architec- ;
ture; all the comforts of housekteping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
VM per month you can- »;curc here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
m-ing-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gaa range, built-in china
Hum t and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also Includes janitor aer-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; eee these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS T6 LET — Fnrn. nnd I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
2.V: to JI per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market et. for No. 1
Fifth «t.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk St.— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
. BURNETT. 142tt Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlEhed rooms, suite*, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Maeon— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
I KDDY, 4U5 — Quiet furnished, sunny rooms;
1 tingle and in /mite.
FOLSOM, S.'{4 — Sunny furnished room; suitable
for centleman.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms' 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
GUERRERO, 1203. near Twenty-fourth — Four
unfurnished rooms; $15.
HOTEL GRAYBTONE
66 Geary st.; phone Bush 8S0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel: elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles. -
HYDE, H10, near Butter— A large furnished
room, f'J.
MOXEY TO LOA!< — r^nlUnfJ. ;
MONEY to loan on lew Interest; gold, eilver. I
<";E:ron<l«. pearls and precious ctones bcucbt j
Bt \Y. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 .Sixth Bt.
ALL loans on diamonds nnd v.welry 2 per cent '
mo. S. F. Collateral Lean 23ar.k. T.5S Kearay. j
f,7"AR Loan Co. of Wyomir.fs loan* money tj ¦
f.-ilaried employes. It.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld. ]
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorst-r. MORRELU «X' f| Examicer bUg-
MISICAI. I\STKl MKNTS.
AMONG OUIt JiAKGAlN.S ARE:
3 Chlckerings $150. $1S5. I2S5
1 Fllsher; upright _***
1 Jewett; mahoganv; new J'^y
1 Schafier; mahcgaiiy. new .« •__- ¦*}*•* j
li Emerson f }*;'• * zti i
r« Steinway * 1!s -'' H£5
3 Heine . *?* J« *^ j
25 squares 9}* td *"*
7 organs * 1( > tc) , J ' 5
Rents $2 up allowed on purc!:ase; -r.tt a^1-
mer.ts U upT i>ia-i" players frt>m *»?"*'!
new pianos from $117 up. HE1NL riANO
CO.. 2:55-237 G^arj «.. agents for the Gab-
Ur, Krell. gteg»-r. etc. _____
A FMALL walr^rkmcrson upright, absolutely
like new. 5135. £17 Gear?' st.
STEIXYVAY urrTsht. leTT I V privat. party.
$165: a *rrt>at burpaia. _^__ G J^L_ F
THi: «rre«teFt wyortur.ity over oftVrcd in _ San
Francisco to Mt a rood reliable piano cheap.
Before our r«ir..v«l u. nlll ««-nfl« «ny in-
Htruraent fcr cash or H^tallir.en-s. C.a 1 or
write for priCM an.1 UXtam at oaoe. KOHLKK
6 «:HA.<E. n^tal.U^-dJS^ M U farre.1.
A F*"iV unrth barcalns from J70 up, compris-
Oiackering Jacobson.
Vw. 6t*Vlta«. Kn*b«s. Fifchor. Schwec^ten. j
\Veser s-human and other?: ea*y rayments. .
PK.NJ. CCRTAZ & BON. 1« O'tcrrell et.; no
branches in Pan Franclwro. : |
TVE have & t*v~7r.a?* this week that are j
very tesapttnc and we can save you bj
rv>rr\ m.« rood pUoo: txaam <»arly. iHL
ZEXQ MACVAIS Ml'flC CO.. 7C3 Market.
bTno lru=;rurTior.t!=; F. Bes.«on. Paris, maker.
Go* Mafwald Agt. P»c. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
fk:::ful rri>a:rinp; 2<l-hand instruments eoH. I
EAKG \IN— Staniiard make upright: pood con- I
<i;ticn. SOHM1TZ & CO.. 1'i McAllister tt. j
L'nredfpme'i a'.orage pianos end furniture dirt
cheap- Whitchead's t^oragf. 1C"G Market.
BSACTZFCX< 3-i^edal Steinway uprlfht piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Kef fTf'g.-S.". OTarreJI.
i?W direct from the factory and 6ave SO per
c«T.t. HOUXCNG, 2:»> McAllister et.
El'^T i^-rrlne piano In city for $3 per month.
PCOTT-CURTAZ riANO CO.. W>» Hayes Et.
ipCHi:i:K, r?\-ron Mau^y j>lauc*. Cecilian piano
rlar^r. BYRON MAVZT, SOS-312 I'ost at.
t*. TERIOH violins. ritber». old and new. H.
?U*I.LKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham r'ace.
n a nos axp onGAxs.
fAHTdcur lift of bargain? in s»cond-hand j
; lanes fcr Sepieaaber, 1'jOii —
Original
Price. New.
1 FCHUMAN & SONS—
Walnut case, medium fize, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, raised caned
lanels. in kooJ condition fSOO $140
1 RICHMOND—
Mahopar.y ca^e. Fmall Fire, raised
rarv^d panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedalc elightly used, but In pood
. < Ddltun 300 175
1 ? FENCER—
Walnut care, cabinet frranij en-
#rravt-d panels, three pedals, . 1-3
octave*, eood condition S25 160
HOWARDS —
Walnut cases, medium size. 7 1-3
r>cu»\es. three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments., pood condition; each.. 300 1S3
1 MOI.LEKHA.DEB & BACH—
\Vtliiut cast-. larg-e rtze. raised
<-Hr\ed panels, tfcret p»*<lajs. 7 1-3
octaves. In very *r-»od condition S50 130
1 NEWMAN BKOS. —
Walnut case, larpe fixe upright,
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated.
?•qual to new 350 200
1 LUDWIG & CO.—
Oak case, ir.e«iiuTn s!ie. raised
f»rv«>d paneie. T 1-3 octaves, three
j>«?<lals, good tone, in fine condition. 350 210
Complete list furnished en application at
cur More. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kfarny and Sutter Ets.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
¦Wrickles, yellow and flabby ekin, birthmarks,
-¦.-...;¦ x pitting* and scar» scientifically re-
moved without cutting, matisage, electricity or
inefiidnes; epecial fiemcr.Etrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS;. 371 Geary.
CCR. telephone beir.jr out of order we a?lt our
I'atEcns who were unable to call u« up yes-
t*Tday to .kindly send word T.y mall. HENRY
H1CKMAN. president Pr«=Wlo Helehts Dye
Wcrkg CcKj&ajiy, Uiil5 Sacramento et.
THE Star Uair lUmedy reetoret gray hair, lm-
l>rove» It;- pro— >th;ftoris fall ing .cures dandruXI
*r.d itchmK ec&lp: n-j >'..:. or stioklnesc;
ti'ranses ?<.¦.'¦; ..n cruggiFis", hairdressers' ;ac-
ct-pt no subtiitute. Star Reme<JyCo..ub5Geary.
WANTED — 777 ladies w:th scalp disenses; lo?i
et hair end premature grayness prevenjted.
<Can treat by mail. L'lanks for stamp.) Con-
' sulUition free. BiSO to «; Fundays. 10 to 12.
Prcf. "GEO. A. CAItLOV.'. Specialist, room
gig. M7 Market ft."
JCOT how cheap, but how pood, Is the motto cf
the manufacturers of the Ilapid Rotary
Standard, the eewlr.fr-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVAN?, aeent. ;i.-Jl Market st.
FllXSSCt-ASS. 15 years' exiK-rience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
atfdrese Central Pharmacy, £S1 Grant aw..
oorn* r et.; f<:-e moderate.
DRINK Ccf-farin, the b<st cereal coffee on
rich ir; f.avor, absolutely pure and
nourishing; cumpceed entirely oi euperior
grains and fits.
DANCING Tuesday. Tr.ursUay, Saturday anj
BnnAay cvfr.Ing& at Teutonia Hall, Howard
f;.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cc»t, uncalled for suits, overcoats
ahd troupers, at CHARLES LYONS', Lcndon
TallCr. 721 Market vt.
Till; fail tell price T ! »id for ladies' or (rents'
c8*-t-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEIXEKRO'fi. 114A EiliB rt.
ELtGANT suits (bn fafy installments: SO cents ]
and up per w<*ck. LKOX LKMOS. il::7 Mar-
ket st.. between Berestb and ElKhth. j
LKING yo'jr goortg; v.-;:i make tailored shirt |
vmtML, f 1. Trie Faibloa, 112:» Market. b«t.7tS
y.Il?. Rl'Mf'LE will t* pleased in meft old and
r.ew friends at h^r milliner}' parlors,221 Geary j
fct'ITS to order on installments. $1 per week. ;
N-uhaufc & Co.. merch.tartnrs. 727-721* Market.
ALL styles hairclresyinp. hair poods; mani-
curing. 25c. G. LL"IjKRER. \'Zi Stockton ft. j
TAILOR-MAW: ruit $7 T.0: drr?» pants $2 M
KiMSl Clothing: Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupoat.
BVPBBSVGOUM hair ar.d moles, r^movrd by
»;»-ctr.c nfcc-die. Dr.*.Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market
MASQUERADE cfjFtumfs. play books. wIke.
ff.uatry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 73-T Ilk;
ALFREDUM'S Eirj'Ptlan «Henna. r*"Etr>r«*s gray
hair to its naulral color; $1; at ail druggists'.
"ru^eifiucas hair and molfs r«-?noved with elec-
tric i\<^ile. Mrs. & Mis? Eaton. 1119 Sutler, j
CHEAPEST and b«?«t la America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'r.itfd Ftat«-ff or Cffn«<*a or^ ymr for SI.
PALMISTRY.
A FE^V wefks asro a woman consulted MME.
X>I£VAS who had consulted many of the
l'adins PALMISTS and AKTROLOGISTE of
the world. After MME. DEVAS had |ire- j
dieted the future for many years to come she i
told the woman of her past. DEVAS found
where she had KILLED A MAN, the cause,
::; what -Stat# and described the condition*. :
thowlng that she WAS JUSTIFIED IN HEll
AfTT. TOUR LIFE ALL COMES OUT.
PAST AND FUTURE, IN A SI PALM i
IEADING BY MME. DEVAK. My offer
to etitwrr 3 questions <-loe*s Sept. 1; full
••adinsri. ». MME. DEVAS. IM Port M.,
'¦ to 12. 1 to %i Tups. evg. ; Pun. by app't.
J:il±:. Z1LLAIL scientific palmist and card
r«-eder; 25 years' experience; tate of New
Zealand and Australia. Ci!5A Post st.
li JEROME FOSELLI. ecientiftp palmist. 515
Taylor >t.. noar Geatr. Phone Hlack 5.tl.
rAPEUUAXCIXG. J'AI.\TI\<;. ETC.
I '(UK papfrrd. f-'i 50 up; tintinjr, painting.
M«rtroann Paint Co.. 31!« 3d st-.; ul.Maln 413.
FUYSICIAKS AM) SL'RUKOA'S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and resld«nce,
¦ !2l\t Market rt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Jil/tOD. ekln and rectal dfe-eases a epecialty.
JR. BALL. 1073% Market Bt.
liEMOVED— 45U. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats jll dijicase* of the human body; fcr-
Jatt four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
ti.t»Nl at Ct7 G«ary rt.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. fuccptsor to Dr. LJ Po
T»i. herb doctor: curetj aJi diseases of human
by uia ot herbs end tt^g. 727 Washington et. J
WON'i WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls.
«-t-.».-s cured by Chlrn-s^ hf-rbs. 746-8 Clay Kt.
T Vl'e U'ttlTEOS MD SUPPLIES.
IN TYPEWmTEItS^W-e
JT "^ll better roaciiinea for less money than «ny
* house in the city; rentals tZ. The Typewriter
Exchan»;p. S3C California; trlephone Main 2C<J.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: set par-
ticulars. L. 4c M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moat-
cem'-ry »t.
SD-HAN*I> typrwiitcra eold. rented, repaired.
Wcbcter Tjpewriter Inej>ec Co.. 203 Eansome.
Orady. Margaret Swanaon. Gustave
Hablch. Esperance Ward, Harry
Harper, v'Jeannie •
1 ASHTON— Iii thin ' city, entered Into rest, at
his residence, .2905 Howard street, August
27 100.? Charles, beloved husband of Elisa-
beth E.' AEhton.' a\ native or Manchester
England* ate d., 75 _ years 8 months j and 5
ky Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Saturday. August
°9 l»03 at 1:30 p^clock,- at. St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton- street, between. Webster and
FlUmore. Interment private.;, Please omit
• flowers.
HARRY— At the Convent of Notre Dame, San
JoSe Augubt 21, VMtt. Sl«ier Marie du Sacre
Coeur (Emma • Barry), sister of Mrs. M.
Byrne and Mrs. G. Brette, a native of Lou-
isiana.
BERCLUND— In thle city. August 25. 1903,
Kile« Berglund, beloved husband of Marls ;
.Btrglund. and father of Charles, Henry.
WIllTani and Walter Berclund and the late
John Borglund, Mrs. McGrecor. Mrs. H. T.
Selvius and Mrs. O. Lochbaum. a native of
Sweden agfd <>5 years 3 months and 7 days.
(New York nnd. Seattle papers pleaaa copy.)
fFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, 'August 'W, 1003, at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of th«T Golden Gat-5
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
j near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BETHEL.L— In Oakland, August , 2(5, 100:1,
Kamuel Bethell, a native of England, aged
78 years.
BOLANDER— In this city. August 27. WOT,
Erma Heal Bolander, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of L. Ph. and Emma Bolander, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years 1 month and
14 days, - . • .
BURGER— In this city, August 27, '1!XM. \
Charles", dearly beloved husband of Qwtchen |
Burger, father of l'auline Burger, son of
Jchmnls and Fnede Burger of Germany,
and brother of Fritz. Katie and Marie. Bur-
ger, a native fif AVurtemberg, Germany, aged
81 years 5 months and 'J daya.^
CONRO— In Alameda. August 26, 1003, Mm. j
M. S., wife of the la;e F. D. Conro, a native
of Essex County, New York; aged 81 years.
ICrinterment 'and funeral private. August
?28, 1003, at 1 :•;<) o'clock, from 2001 Eagle
avenue. Alameda. ,
COX — In ihis city, August 27, 1303, Infant son
of MertoivH. and Jev.Ul Cox. a native of
Ban "Francisco; - -. • ••
CROCKER— In this city. AuffU<=t 27.1903, Isaac
B. Crocker, a native of Massachusetts, aged
77 years.
DRISCOLL— In this city. August 27. WOT:,
Frank Driscoll, a native of Ireland, aged fel
years.
FLANNELLY— In th!s.cljy, August 2G,' 190.1,
Mrs. Anne, dearly beloved wife of the late
P. M. Flannelly. and mother of Mrs. J. W.
Welton and Mrs. E. Burge.«3-Badlam.
O'FrlPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from her' late
residence, SS2.'< Nineteenth- ••¦treet. thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a BOlemn re-
qui-m high mass wi'H be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
GRAUY-In this city. August 2", 1003. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved mother of the' late
Thomas Grady. a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 76 years. >
CyThe funeral will take place Saturday.
August 29. at 0 o'clock, from the residence
of her niece, Mrs. William Keating, 1108
Taylor street, thence to St. Mary's (Paul-
lsts') Church, where a solemn requiem- high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of h«r
scul. 'commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HABICH— In this city. August 24. 1003, Es-
perance. beloved wife of the late Charles M.
Habich. a native of l'aris, France, aged OS
years. . ,
(ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service!.
Friday, August 28, 1D03. at 2 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau; 305 Mont-
gomery avenue. Inttrment Laurel Hill
Cemotery.
HARPER— In this city. August 27. 1903. Jeon-
nie Harper, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Harper, beloved mother of Herbert K* Har-
per, daughter of Ann Jane Greacen, and sis-
ter of Thomas, Samuel W.. Wilson and John
Greacen. Mrs. Martha Harrison and Mrs.
Sarah Ann ' Harper, a native of County
Monaghan, Ireland, aged 43 years.
(?r.Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Saturday, August 20, li'0.5, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 247*. Mission street, near
Twenty-first- Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth .and Guerrero 'streets at 2:30
o'clock.
HARTJE— In thi3 city. August 27, 1003, Flor-
¦ ence Louise, youngest anrl beloved daughter
of Fred, and Annie Hartje, and sister of An-
nie, Frfcd Jr.. ¦ Henry. George, Mamie, Wal-
¦ter, Willie,- Ateta -and Albert Hartje. a. -na-
tive Of San Francisco, ased 1 yfcar and S
days. . ': -
C7Frienrla and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence. IS Chattanooga street, between
Twenty-flrit and Twenty-second. Interment
Cypress- Lawn Cemetery. •- •
KKLIjOGO— At Waldeck Sanatorium, San
Francisco, August 2(t, 1U0.1, Professor Martin
Hi-Hogg, in th'i 70th year of his age.
Ky Funeral services at his late residence,
Bushnell place, Berkeley, on Friday, August
2S, at 2 o'clock. Interment private.
KELLY — At St'. Mary's Hospital. August 27,
lliCtl, at 5 i\. m., Ann Kelly (nee Rooney), a
j native of Sligo, Ireland, aged 75 years, and
a resident of this city for the past 4;) years.-
ICT'The funeral will take place Friday,
August 2S, at !l o'clock, from St. Ignatius
Church, where a requiem mass will bi- cele-
brated ior the repose of her soul. Interment
private. Holy Crcsa Cemetery.
KNOWLES — In San Jose. August 2»!. 130:;.
Elizabeth A., wife of the late Ptllman H.
Knowles, beloved mother of Far.nie M,,
Harry A. and the late Stllman II. Knowles,
j and sister of Mrs. Sophia S. Cannon, and
John S.. George N. and Thomas S. Eells, a
' native of Delhi, Delaware County. NeVir
! York, aged «3 years S months end 2 days.
| ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
: August 2», from her late residence, 114!> Lo-
: rust street. San Jose. . Interment Cypress
j Lawn Cemetery on the arrival of the 11:25
I . o'clock train -from San Jose.
| LAWLEY — In this city, August 2.">, 100.1, Grace
ET, ' wife of Charles A. Lawley of Middle-
town, Lake County,' Cal. (Albany, N. Y.,
papers please copy.)
G7"The funeral will take place at 1 o'clock
Friday, August 2S. from the residence of her
mother, 3746 Twentieth street.
OLIPHANT— In Berkeley. Erwln H. Oliphant.
beloved son of Elizabeth and the latn James
Oliphant, nnd brother of Joseph Oliphant,
Mrs. M. Behrman and Marlon Oliphant. a
native of Illinois, aged 21 years 7 months
and 28 days. «
(T>^Frienf!ii and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to -attend the funeral services
Friday, August 23, 10o:#. at 5>::!0 o'clock at
his late residence, 1S21 .Russell street,
between Grove and Grant, Berkeley. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RAMSEY— In Mill Valley. August 2ti. l!)03.
Catherine Rarr.say, mother of Mrs. II. J.
Pierce and Henry O. Ramsey, and sister of
Eliza Walsh,, a native of England, aged 73
years.
IO"Fr:f!nd8 and acquaintances are resppct-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday at 2 o'clock at the chapel or N. Gray
& Co., 333 Butter street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city, August 27. 1003,
James P. Reynolds, a native of Ireland, aged
CO years". • ¦ ¦
SMITH— In this city. . August 27,, ii>03. Maria
W. Smith, beloved wife of the late William
Smith, a native of 'Ensland. aged 59 years.
£7"FnendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday^ August 2S, l!»03. at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late ' residence, 222 Jackson street, cor-
ner of Battery. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. /
SMITH— In Oakland, August 27. 1003, Mary S.
Smith, a native of Virginia, aged 5s yeari
S months and 15 days.
IT^The remains - will -be borne from the
residence of her son John. 6G3 Twenty-fourth
street, to the church. Friends and acquaint-
ance are respectfully invited to attend the
requiem high mass Saturday, August 2!».
li)()3, at 0:30 o'clock, at the Church of the
Immaculate- Conception. Interment private.
STOL1,— In this city, August 27. 1003, Mrs,!
Clara A. Stoll, aunt of Mrs. A. S. Chem-
Inant, a native of Sparta, Ga.
STORER— In Oakland, Cal., August 27, 1903
• Mrs. Janet Storer, mother of Mrs. M. w!
Housner, • aged 08 -years.-
SWANSON — In this city. August 27, 1003,
Gustave. beloved husband of Anna Swanson'
a native of Sweden, aged 38 years and 7
months. ' ; \
CXFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, August .'{(), '11)07, .at 1:30 o'clock at
the mortuary chapel of. the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2175 Mission street, near
Twenty-first,. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock,,
WARD— In the City and County Hospital, Au-
gust 27. 1003. Harry Ward, a native of 'Eng-
land, aged 41 years. .
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(iauccetisorB to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS- AND EMBALMERS.
20 Flftb at., opposite Lincoln School.
" ' Tele phone South SO. \
UNITED '.'UNDERTAKERS.'
Funeral Directors 'and Etnbalmers-
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. -
. Now; at -6645 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth i and Fifth. Near Fifth st.
Flneet Equipments at Moderate Rates.
11 t ' —
I James .McGinn. - Henry Uansen. I
JAMES McGINN'& CO.. ¦ : : > I
< Formerly With McGinn < Bros., I
_ — Funeral Directors and' .Embaimers I
214 Eddy ; st. ; : TeU South B76. • I
A Swell Fruit Study
I JUST GATHERED.
I Free Call Art Supplement Next Sunday. |
H V ' C. P. Ream has won a reputation surpassing that of any other artist
By in this country as a painter of fruit. "Just Gathered" is characteristic of
fej his best style, which does not depend upon imitative ability alone for its
if ' excellence, but combines qualities of effect, composition and color har-
M mony, which give his works a pictorial interest not usually found in still-
Is life paintings. L .. .*. . .
H . . ,\ In this picture the plums lie in .the grass as if they had been freshly
|| plucked from the tree, with the bloom still on them, while a ray of sun-
£3 light fr.lling on some of them and on a portion of the grass gives effect
M and variety of color to the composition. There is something infinitely
k] more pleasing in this suggestion of a natural environment than to the
j| conventional arrangement of a still life with a meaningless background,
M which is so common in most representations of fruit and flowers.
1| "Just Gathered" was formerly owned by Catherine M. White of U-
i<U linois, who bequeathed it to the Chicago Art Institute, in whose perma-
!| nent collection it now is. It was selected by a committee appointed by the
§1 art institute, along with a ricture by William Hart, from a number of-
B lered in the bequest. |
ffl Ask your news agent for the SUNDAY CALL. i
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
I V Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
I The Following Art Dealers Are Mak'n* a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: ____ |
' 1 SACRAMENTO— Hevener. MIer & street; Gage's art store, 509 East Main SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co.. 71 R
Iff Co 615 J street- C. N. Davis, book street: Weber's art Store. <23 East P street: pi
¦B sto'rp S17 k street ' - •• Main street. • ¦ , FRESNO— Sronce & Dick. Rj
1 R PETALUMA-H* S. Gutermute. J. MARYSVILLE—G. W\ Hall. REDDING— W. H. Bergh. "Ber»h fj
:K m Wyckoff OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company": T. J. Houston, M
' Ei SAN* JOSF— Georse Dcnne. M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 3S3 Houston Furniture Company. fZ
ID . °, t con Twelfth street. -_ REDWOOD CITT-W. L. Kline. g
f? STOCKTON-ilorris Bros.' book ALAMEDA-C. P. Magagnos. 1359 SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cook* 9
I ¥i store 20 North El Dorado street: Park street. Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban. ||
' M Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co. MModern methods, new machinery, new type,
causes srood work. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay. •«
Wearing monocles, the latest fashion for
ladies, a craze recently started In Paris
by ladies of the Servian colony, is extend
ing to London.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden . dust; Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MUKINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murlne at 50 cents. ¦
The San Francisco Eye
Constable Trouette made diligent search
of the ravine for a body and at a late hour
to-night gave it as his belief that his re
searches will soon bear fruit. Other offi
cers have been detailed on the case and
tangible results are looked for to-morrow.
* In the satchel besides a full suit of
clothes were three letters addressed to
S. B. Buck, Grants Pass, Or. The letters
were dated in 1901 and written on tho let
terheads of Conroy & Black, lumber deal
ers of Rocklln, Mich., and signed by* Si
mon Baham. There were several contracts
in the satchel In relation to some lumber
sales.
SAUSALITO, Aug. 27.— The officers of
this city believe they have a murder mys
tery to unravel. A satchel containing
clothing and letters was found this after
noon in a ravine about a mile and a half
from Sausallto. The satchel gave evi
dence of having been exposed to the ele
ments for some time. Pedestrians tramp-
Ing around the hills adjacent to the town
were walking through the ravine when
one of them found the satchel. The mat
ter was reported to the town officials and
Constable Trouette was detailed on the
case. The ravine is veryseldom visited.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Discovery of a Satchel
in a Lonely Ravine
Excites Them.
During the afternoon she ' treated; the
whole affair in a very . flippant ; manner,
but in the presence of the police she broke
down, completely and "wept. .'Her sister
could contribute nothing of "value to
further the investigation. When: the two
She says that she nursed her husband
faithfully, and denies Dr. Lagan's asser
tion . that the medicines were , not ad
ministered according to directions". ;She
purchased her drugs, when necessity
arose, at the Owl drug store or the' one
at the corner of Fifth and Folsom- streets.
She asserted positively that she never
purchased any- arsenic or rough on rats
in her life. . She attributed her .arrest* to
malice on the 'part of Harry Bowers and
his wife, whom she roundly denounced! :
TELLS OF TREATMENT.
She was married, she said, several years
ago In Portland to an aged man named
Dale, from, whom she secured a divorce
In about a year after the wedding. Then
she married Alfred Allen, with whom she
came to this city. She was divorced from
him, she alleges, on the ground of cruelty.
Subsequently she t was Bowers' house
keeper, and on New Year's day, 1902, they
were • married by Rev.J. A. B. Wilson,
at. that time connected with the Howard
Street. Methodist Church.
Mrs. Bowers . denies ever ; havlne * had
any serious -'auarrels with .her \ last ', hus
band'and states that they ' were always
devoted- to, each other. She told how both
of 'them were taken sick after partaking
of the hani and eggs on the fateful Sun
day morning following her husband's re
turn, from Vallejo. If her husband was
poisoned, she says, no blame' can be at
tached to her. They had decided, she
avers, that they could do better in Oregon
and were I intending to : go to 'Portland*
when her husband was stricken.
Mrs. Martin Bowers was Immediately
taken into one office at the Hall of Jus
tice and her sister into another. Both
were severely questioned by. the police.
The suspected woman answered all ques
tions readllv. but 'would not admit that
she.had been guilty of anything unlaw
ful. She . informed Chief of Police Witt
man and Detectives Ryan, Reynolds and
Coleman that she had withdrawn the
money ' from the Hibernia Bank and
placed it with the German Savings and
Loan Society. Her idea in this, she de
clared, was to get it out of, the way of
her brother-in-law, who, she thought, in
tended to make trouble for her. She had
planned, ehe asserted, to draw the money
again and go to Portland, 1 Or., her former
home.
It was found on inquiry at the Hibernia
Bank that Mrs. Bowers had drawn all
the money placed there by her husband.
She was not at 370 Clementina street. De
tectives Coleman and Reynolds finally lo
cated her at Peterson's undertaking: es
tablishment in company with her sister,
Mrs. Z. C. Sutton of 154 Eddy street.
They were requested to accompany trie
officers to the Hall of Justice, and did
so, but with reluctance. Harry Bowers,
who had been stationed at the ferrv to
intercept his sister-in-law in case she
should attempt to depart from the city
at that point, was informed of the cap
ture and allowed to go to his home.
DRAWS MONEY FROM BANK.
had been a sufferer fronTfatty degenera
tion of the kidneys and advanced tuber
culosis. Other organs were also found to
be in a bad condition.
It was evident that the man could not
have lived for any length of time with
so many serious disorders and death was
supposed to have resulted from natural
causes. In order that there misht be
no mistake, however, the stomach and
intestines were submitted to Professor
Green for chemical analysis. He made
a partial report to the Coroner yesterday
that the oreans sent to him contained
arsenic in considerable quantities -and
sufficient to cause death. The matter
was reported to the police authorities at
once. Four detectives were detailed spe
cially to locate Mrs. Martin Bowers and
the dragnets were set at the railroad, sta
tions and in various other localities.
nAKTIN L. BOWERS died at the
German Hospital Tuesday after
noon of arsenical poisoning. His
former wife is now in the City
Prison on suspicion of having
administered the fatal drug. Patrick
O'Leary, her friend, is also behind the
bars. The brother and sister-in-law of
the deceased are confident that the
woman committed murder. San Fran
cisco's best detectives are scouring the
city for clews that may be productive
of more definite Information than is now
at hand. There is much circumstantial
evidence against the dead man's wife.
These are the main facts in the case
so far as it has progressed. Behind it
all are a series of stories reeking of the
lower level of life.
As has already been told in The Call,
a veil of mystery hung about Bowers'
death from the first. The man was an
expert bridge builder. He was employed
at ' the Mare Island navy yard until
about the first of June, when he. left his
position of his own accord. It was his
intention, so says the imprisoned widow,
to leave San Francisco for the purpose
of taking up some land in the neighbor
hood of Coos Bay.
Whatever may have been his plans, they
were thwarted by the fatal illness which
made its first appearance the morning
after Bowers arrived In this city from
Vallejo. He came home to find another
man in the house and after a fight, in
which the visitor was severely battered,
and a fierce quarrel with his wife, he
became terribly ill. He grew better and
then sank slowly until he was released
from his sufferings by death. Mrs. Bow
ers, according to her own statements,
has been thrice married. Of all her hus
bands, she says, she cared most for the
last. It Is in evidence, however, that
she was on extremely friendly terms with
Patrick O'Leary.
QUARREL OVER O'LEARY.
When Bowers returned to his home at
370 Clementina street he surprised O Leary
in the house with Mrs. Bowers. The
husband seized a chair and hit the vis
itor on the head with it. O'Leary got
Into the street with all possible dispatch.
Then Bowers turned on "is wife and
for more than an hour, according to the
statements of neighbors, there was a vio
lent altercation. Finally the disputing
couple retired for the night. The next
morning there, was nothing much in the
way of food in the house and the woman
went to Goetjen's grocery on the corner
of Fifth and Folsom streets and pur
chased some ham and eggs. Of these the
couple made a hearty breakfast.
Soon afterward Bowers was taken vio
lently ill with abdominal pains and
nausea. Dr. J. F. Dillon of 396 Fourth
street was summoned to attend the suf
ferer. He states that he found the man
in a serious condition.; The woman as
serted that she also had experienced the
Fame symptoms ' in a lighter form, but
had recovered partially before^ the arri
val of the physician. The -latter" pre
scribed some bismuth as' a remedy. ' ¦
Bowers' condition remained • practically
unchanged for ; a week. He was. then
removed to the Waldeck „ Sanitarium,
where he remained. under the care of Dr.
McLaughlin for a period of- about a
month. He had improved to a consider
able extent in the intervening time arid
it was thought, safe. to", remove "him again
to the (Jlementina-street abode. . Dr.
John Lagpn'was called to attend -the sick
bridge builder, but "relinquished the case
because the medicine was not adminis
tered in the manner in which he directed.
Bowers grew steadily worse and at last
was removed to the German Hospital as
a result of the kind offices of some fra
ternal friends of the Order of Odd.Fel
lows. That afternoon the patient suc
cumbed to the effects of the arsenical
poisoning. It is asserted that the couple
had frequent quarrels while he was ap
proaching the end. \ . .-/
BANK ACCOUNT , IS FEATURE.
Meanwhile, it is alleged, Mrs. 'Bowers
had her husband's bank . account placed
in her name with his consent. He had
on deposit at the Hibernia Bank a sum
slightly in excess of $2800. After his death
the wife made arrangements for the fu
neral. '. - ' •
Mrs. Harry E. Bowers, sister-in-law of
the deceased, had heard of her relative's
removal to the hospital ' and went therfc
to see him a few hours before the end.
He had little vitality left, -: but refused,
so It is Batfl, to drink from a glas3 of
water handed him by his wife. The sls
terrin-law was told by , a nurse of the
institution that the patient seemed to be
suffering from the effects ' of poisoning.
She immediately left the sick ward and
went to her home at 20 Perry street,
where she related to her husband all
that had occurred.
Tuesday evening, after the death of
Martin Bowers, Harry Bowers .r and his
wife went to the Coroner's ' office and
voiced their suspicions that all 'was not
right. The hospital authorities . were at
once directed to hold. the. body, until the
arrival of the city officials. *The remains
were removed to the Morgue as ' soon. as
possible. An autopsy was held Wednes
day, and Dr. Bacigalupi announced as a
rfisult of his in vest! cat ion that Bowers
A Market-street cable car collided with
a buggy at Ninth street yesterday after
noon and the three occupants of the rig
v.-ere thrown to the ground and all badly
shaken up. The injured persons were
Timothy Cronin. Mrs. Elizabeth Cronii?
and Miss Bessie Hartwell, all of 312 Jes
sie street. They were treated at the
Emergency Hospital.
Car Collides With Buggy.
Chief of Police Wittman is hot on the
trail cf all pawnbrokers, i second-hand
dealers and jewelers who do not comply
with the city ordinance requiring them
to make dally reports to the police au
thorities of all articles received by them.
Alaf Blumqoist, a jeweler at Montgom
ery and Sutter streets, was arrested yes
terday for violating the ordinance and
other arrests will follow.
Must Obey the Ordinance.
'/ DEATH, APPROACHES.
/ Mrs. Bowers • was leaning over - her husbanl
crying when I approached the bed. Mr.
Bowers ' knew me immediately and ' asked for
his brother ¦ Harry, - who • is « my ! husband, sev
eral times. • I -told-Mr." Bowers : that I : would
send' Harry out to see 'him as, soon as:l re
turned home. s. Mr. . Bowers then- asked me to
bring him* a i glaw of < water. " Mrs. -Bowers
brought him the. water, but he refused to take
it from her And Insisted that I bring It to him,
which I did.' " I " :
' At ' this time the doctor ¦ approached : us and
asked me who had, been in, the habit of giving
the pick man his nourishment- and medicines.
I told him " Mrs. Bowers, and he said . no mor*
about ' it. but going to : the bed ' he looked at
Mr Bnwura a.nrt Immedjatolv iaft tho ™, m ri i m
Mrs. Harry Bowers gives some of the
most damaging ' evidence thus far pre
sented to the. police. She made the fol
lowing statement last night:
On Tuesday afternoon I went to Mrs. Bow
ers' houSe- at 370 Clementina street, and to
gether we visited the German Hospital, arriv
ing there about 3 o'clock. We were shown
Into a room in which Mr. Bowers and another
man lay. The nurse In attendance, a young
man, asked « me when we ' entered - If r were
Mrs. Bowers. I told him I was not; that the
other woman was Mrs. Bowers and. that I was
¦ Mr. Bowtrs'- sister-in-law.
The nurse then called me , aside and asked
me to do all I could to prevent Mrs. Bowers
from making a scene; as her husband was a
very sick man and would probably : not live
until the following day. He then asked me
the nature of Mr. Bowers' illness and . I told
him that ho should know better than I. but
that I supposed It was paralysis, - To this he
answered: "It's no such -thing;, that man Is
suffering from ptomaine poisoning.", ,
He was found -by the detectives, intox
icated. In a Clementina-street saloon near
the Bowers home. He , was too drunk to
talk Intelligently and was put in a cell to
sober up. . ¦ ¦ <, ;
Professor Green. will determine the ex
act amount of arsenic ins the" dead man's
stomach and the remainder of the case
will.be ]eft;to the" police
. Physicians state that the fatty degen
eration of the kidneys, observed' by Dr.
Bacigalupi during the course of 1 his ex
amination, might have, beim caused by
arsenical poisoning. Harry Bowers, and
his wife assert that they drank some beer
at the brother's house during.' the prog
ress of his illness, that it was given to
them by Mrs. ''Martin Bowers and that
both were made sick ..as a result. The
husband states that he was' rendered un
.consclous after drinking two glasses of
the liquor. Mrs. Stillman,* with whom
the deceased Bowers" lived prior to taking
up his abode with the suspected woman,
declares that she once heard her rival
state that Bowers would be poisoned if
he should prove unfaithful. ,It is also
stated at police,' headquarters that Mrs:
Harry Walsh of Petaluraa was informed
by Mrs. Martin Bowers that she intended
to draw the $2800 from the Hibernia Bank
and elope.
HAS MOURNING DRESS MADE.
Another interesting fact in connection
with the case is that Mrs. Bowers had
her mourning dress made before her hus
band had departed. She was having tho
garment made by her sister, Mrs. Sut
ton. Patrick O'Leary plays an important
part in the- dread; tragedy. It is he who
was beaten by. Bowers.'." It ' was he with
whom, it is said, the woman intended to
elope. It is he who was arrested* and de
tained by the police last night as a pos
sible accomplice In the probable . crime.
Officers were sent to search the house
at ' 370 Clementina street and brought
back a load of bottles and packages. The
contents of " all these will be "analyzed.
Mrs. ,Bower3 said that while her husband
had been sick he had become worse after
eating some Mellin's food. A parcel con
taining a quantity of this preparation was
found at the house and w^s. taken, with
the rest of the haul, to the prison. It is
thought possible that the arsenic might
have been' introduced " into this patent
food. . . ' • •
sisters, parted at \he" recuesfor the de
tectives both were weeping. As the sus
pected woman was escorted'to prison she
was pleading for her:money, saying "Let
me have it. I haven't done anything
wrong." I '/. . '¦ ' <¦%
BRIDGE BUILDER WHO DIED FROM ARSENICAL POISONING; HIS
WIDOW WHO IS SUSPECTED OF CAUSING HIS DEATH; BROTHER
OF THE DEAD MAN WHO ACCUSES HER, AND 'HER SISTER.
Timothy 1". Moriarty, formerly a mem
ber of Company K, Thirteenth Infantry,
stationed at Ancel Island, tried- to end
his life late Wednesday night by firing
a bullet into his brain. He had been de
spondent cf late and was out of funds,
lie was discovered early yesterday morn
ing and sent to the Emergency Hospital;
where the attending physicians are con
fident of paving his life. Though suf
fering 5mer.?e pain, the unfortunate man
has not vet lost consciousness.
Ex-Soldier Attempts Suicide.
OFFICERS SCENT
MURDER MYSTERY
Mrs. Stillman, who resides at 328 Third
street, stated last night that some time
ago she overheard Mrs. Bowers threaten
to poison Mr. Bowers if he attempted to
desert her for another woman.
I was not Informed that my brother was sick
until three weeks ago, when a friend notified
me of the fact. I and my wife visited him con
tinually before he was taken to the German
Hospital, and on my own responsibility I called
in Dr. John I^agen, but after making one or two
visits he refused to have anything more to do
with the case, giving as his reason that Mrs.
Bowers refused to give the sick man the medi
cines he prescribed. My brother would receive
nourishment from no one but my wife. My
brother was Intimate with this woman when
she was Mrs. Allen and It was much against
my advice 'that he married her.
I suspect that that woman poisoned my
brother. I never considered her a fit companion
for him and never had anything to do with her
or allowed my wife to have anything to do
with her. •
Dr. McLaughlln, when seen at Petaluma
last night, said:
I attended Bowers at the Waldeck and while
he was at his home. Then I left the case, as
Mrs. Bowers was not feeding; the sick man
properly. I and the other physicians at the
sanitarium were treating him for poisoning,
which we thought were ptomaine. It Is possible
that it might have been arsenical. They tele
phoned to me that they had sent Bowers to the
hospital and I said that it was better than
keeping him at home. I was. not at all satis
fled with the way the man was being attended
at the Clementina-street house. However, I
did not suspect that any crime was being com
mitted.
Harry Bowers, brother of the deceased,
when seen last evening, •said:
DID NOT SUSPECT CBIME.
occurred during the day. we went together to
the Morffue. On arriving there we were In
formed that the body was at Peterson' 8 un
dertaking parlors.. My husband then, told
Deputy Coroner Brown that he suspected that
Mr. Bowers had met with foul play and de
manded that a thorough investigation be made.
Deputy Brown immediately telephoned to
Peterson's, saying that the wagon would call
to get the body of Mr. Bowers.
Now that I sususct that my brother-in-law
was poisoned I can recall many Incidents
which occurred while I was at his house dur
ing the time he was sick which should have
aroused my suspicions.
Mr?. Cassimira chevez. the pretty young
Mexican woman who lost her husband
and half-broiher by gas asphyxiation in
¦ room in the International ftotel on
"Wednesday, was given a home yesterday
irith the family of J. S. Black, 33S San
Jose avenue, and the prief stricken young
woman can remain with her friends till
Ehe Jiears from her home in Mexico.
Mrs. Black, who is also a native of
Mexico, heard of the sad plight of the
unfortunate young woman and yesterday
*he called at the Emergency Hospital and
offered Mrs. Chevez a home with her as
leng <is she wished to remain. The young
widow, with tears in her eyes, thanked
b'r benefactress and left the hospital for
her new abode.
Grief-Stricken Widow Will Be Cared
For by One of Her Own.
Countrywomen.
MRS. CHEVEZ FIXDS A
HOME AMONG FSIENDS
The three of us went to Mrs. Bowers' house
at 370 Clementina street, and while there she
said to O'Leary, "I want you to help me
about the house and stay here to-night." After
remaining for a few minutes. I left the house
and wont to visit Mr. and Mrs. Fowser. who
live on Sixth street, near Clementina. When I
entered the house I told them that Martin
Bowers had died at the German Hospital, and
Mr. Fowser. said, "So she has poisoned him at
last, has she?"
The Fowsers and I' talked for some time
and when I left my suspicions were thoroughly
aroused. I proceeded Immediately to my home,
and. after telling my husband just what had
¦ Shortly after 5 o"clock we left the hospital
together and went directly to see Mrs. Bowers'
sister, Mrs. Z. C- Button, who lives at 154
Eddy street. On entering the house Mrs.
Bowers said to her sister. "Well. Martin Is
dead," and Mrs. Button replied. "Well, come
in and try on the dress; it's all ready." We
all went In the room and Mrs. Bowers put on a
new .black, dress which .her sister had just
finished. It ¦ was then about 7 o'clock. To
gether Mrs. Bowers and I proceeded to a little
saloon on Clementina street, between Fifth
and Sixth. She opened the door and called
out a~man by the name of Pat O'Leary,
whom she introduced to me.
TRIES ON MOUBNINO DRESS.
While she was signing the paper the doctor
came in and said the body could not go to the
undertakers, but must go to the Morgue, as
death was caused by ptomaine poisoning and
he would not sign the death certificate. Mrs.
Bowers said she would not have the body go
to the Morgue and that she would see to it
that it went to the undertakers.
I told her that no one had been trying to
take him from her, but she said she knew bet
ter; On leaving the death room we went down
stairs Into the office of the hospital and a gen
tleman asked us to sign a paper giving the
body to the- Peterson undertaking parlors. At
first Mrs. Bowers refused to sign the paper
and asked me to sign it. I told her she was
his wife and it was her place to sign, which
she flnallv did.
a few minutes he returned and stated to us
that the patient was not going to live as long
as he had expected and that he would prob
ably die Jn ten or fifteen minutes.'
The doctor then gave Mr. Bowers an Injec
tion'of camphor in the right arm. Going to
the bedside I asked. Mr. Bowers if he wished
to say anything, arid he answered by asking
to see bis brother Harry, but said nothing
more, and In a few minutes he breathed his
last. Mrs. Bowers cried some and kept con
tinually saying: "Well, he is mine; he la mine
now; no one can take him from me now."
The inquiry Into the business methods
of the Jewelry firm of Schumacher & Co.,
which failed last January, commenced
before a Jury in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday. The inquiry is the result of
suits brought by Louis O. Levison, re
ceiver of the firm, to recover the stock of
Schumacher & Co., now in possession of
numerous money lenders, and upon which
the money lenders claim to have a Hen.
The suits were brought by Levison on be
half of the creditors of the firm, and,
through -his attorney, F. G. Heney, he
will endeavor to show that the money
lenders are not entitled to a lien on the
jewelry for the reason that they have
been doing • a. pawn-brokerage business
without haying a, pawnbroker's license.
Heney succeeded in showing by the tes
timony of H. G. Schumacher, a member
of the bankrupt firm, and who is now
conducting a jewelry store in the Palace
Hotel, that he, was in. the habit of ad
vancing money to the guests of the hotgl
on their jewels.
Schumacher admitted that he had done
bo, acting. as an agent of P. H. Living
ston, the alleged principal holder of the
stock of the defunct firm. He said, how
ever, that he did. this on his own account
and not as a member of the firm of Schu
macher & Co. As the witness is accused
of having ' hypothecated the stock of
Schumacher & Co., the admission is of
value to the creditors.
Schumacher said he was not lending
money as a pawnbroker, simply lending
it after the manner of a bank, but accept
ing jewelry as security.
The suits involve jewelry, principally
precious stones, valued at $73,423.83. al
leged to have been hypothecated by Schu
macher with P. H. Livingston, Judah
Boas, O. B. Martin, H. Abrams & Co. and
others.
It is claimed that they advanced only
$39,42$ on the stones and their settings.
She escaped from the institution on
Wednesday night scantily clad. Her
nurse had left the room for a few minutes
after seeing that she was made com
fortable la bed. When the nurse returned
the bed ¦was* empty and she sounded the
alarm. A thorough search of the prem
ises was made, but no trace of the miss
li:g patient could be found.
Senator Ralston was notified and he at
once laid the case before. Chief Wittman,
who. took prompt steps to locate the miss
ing young lady as far as lay in his power.
The yaucg lady's friends are. -very .in
dignant at the hospital authorities for
allowing her to escape, as they are afraid
that in her present condition something
serious might happen to her.
The young lady is suffering from re
ligious mania" and ' prior to being sent to
the Institution would kneel on the side
walk in a crowded street and pray, thus
attracting a crowd. It is expected that she
may indulge In this form of devotion
which may lead to her discovery.
The youngr lady's parents live in Los
Angeles, and ehe is related to State Sen
ator W. C. Ralston. Her mind became
wrecked recently from overstudy and it
¦was decided to send her to the California
General Hospital at Eighteenth and Doug
lass streets, presided over by Dr. Winslow
Anderson, for treatment.
The police frere notified yesterday morn
ing of the disappearance of Hiss Edith
Wolfskin, a highly accomplished young
lady, 22 years of age, and all the stations
throughout the city were furnished with
a description of her with instructions to
take charge of her if she should be seen
and return her to her friends.
Where She "Was Under
Treatment.
Disappears From a Uospital
Interesting Facts Develop in
Hearing of Suit of
¦.*¦* Receiver.
Police Are Searching for
Edith Wolfskill of
Los Angeles.
Wife of Deceased Bridge Builder Is Arrested After Drawing Funds From
Bank With Admitted Intention of- Leaving forOregon and P. O'Leary
Is Also Behind Bars on Suspicion of Complicity in Supposed IVIurder
Schumacher Says He
. Advanced Them Sums '(
¦ of Money.
DEMENTED YOUNG
WOMAN ESCAPES
ANALYSIS SHOWS MARTIN L. BOWERS
DIED FROM ARSENICAL POISONING
PALACE GUESTS
PAWN JEWELRY
THE SAN FRAyCISCQ/CALIi. FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1905.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SKIN-TORTURED
And Tired, Fretted
• Mothers
Find Comfort In Gutlcura Soab
and Ointment
When All Other Remedies and
Physicians Fail.
Instant relief and refreshing sleep
for skin-tortured babies and rest for
tired, worried 'mothers in warm baths
with Cuticara Soap, and gentle anoint-
ings with Cuticur a' Ointment, purest of
emollient skin cures, to be followed in
severe cases by inlld doses of Coticura
Resolvent. This is the purest, sweet-
est, most speedy, permanent and eco-
nomical treatment for torturing, dis-
figuring, itching, 1 burning, bleeding,
scaly, crusted and pimply skin and scalp
humours, with loss of hair, of infants
and children, as well as adults, and is
sure to succeed when all other remedies
and the best physicians f alL
The agonizing itching and burning
of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful
scaling, as in psoriasis ; the loss of hair
and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled
head ; the facial disfigurement, as in
acne and ringworm; the awful suffer-
ing of infants, and anxiety of worn-out
parents, : as in - milk crust, tetter and
salt rheum,— all demand a remedy of
almost superhuman virtues to success-
fully cope with them.v That Cuticara
Soap, Ointment and Resolvent are such
stands • proven bevond all doubt. No
statement is made regarding them that
is not justified by the strongest evi-
dence. • The purity and sweetness, the
power to afford immediate relief,' the
certainty of H speedy and' permanent
cure, the • absolute safety and great
economy have made them the standard
skin cures and humour remedies of the ;
civilized world.;
Sold throughout th« world. ' Co Kenrm K«sohrra>. aoe. (la
ftrra of ChoeoUU Coated PllU, 34c p«r ital of 80). Otot-
ment. We., 6o*p, 85c. Dtpotat London. V Chtrtnhoaw
. Bq.i Fsrtt, 5 Roe d« 1* Ftixi Boiton, 1S7 Colnmbu Are.
Ifotttr JJrnj It Cbenu Carp., Sol« Troprie tort. ¦ ."
Mr Send for " How to Car* Skla Torturet," ete. *
ADV23TISEME2JTS.
¦ Miss Gannon, Sec'y Detroit*
Amateur Art Association, tells
young women what to do to
avoid pain and suffering caused
by female troubles.
*' I can conscientiously recommend
Iijdla E. Pinkhani's Vegetable
Compound to those of my sisters
suffering with female weakness and
the troubles vrhich so often befall
women. I buffered for months with
general weakness and felt so weary
that I had hard work to keep up. *I
had shooting pains and was utterly
miserable. . In my distress I was ad-
vised to use 1/yd.ia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and it was
a red letter day to me when I took the
first dose, for at that time my restora-
tion began. In six weeks I was a
changed woman, perfectly well in
every respect. I felt so elated and
happy that I want all women who
suffer to get well as I did." — Miss
Gctla. Gakicow, 359 Jones St., Detroit.
Corresponding Sec'y Mich. Amateur
Art Association.— $SO00forf$lt If original ef
above letttr proving genufneneu oannotbt produced.
It is dearly shown in this
younsr lady's letter that Lydia E.
PInlf ham's Vegetable Compound
¦will surely cure the sufferings of
women ; and when one considers
that Miss Gannon's letter Is only
one of hundreds which we hare, the
great virtne of Mrs. Pinkham'a medi-
cine must be admitted by alL
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
J 1)
"Dear me!" said John, as he looked upon *
The suit he bought from "Brown"
"If Pa only knew, he'd come here, too,
'Tis the verlbest store in town."
BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS,
A$res 5 to 12
A nobby suit for dress and school wear, well sewed,
trimmed and lined. A rattling good suit.
w-k 7^"~»* r\¥ ¥"?/"* 1""* C^l TlTr»
rill j a | B l -y %v 1 4 j \_i \ l ±^ '
Strictly all-wool Blue Serges, Tweeds, Cassi meres and
Fancy Cheviots; smart and snappy. Pants lined
throughout. A model suit at money-saving price.
For FRIDAY and SATURDAY
Every purchaser In our Boys* and Child-
ren's Department will be given an
extra pair of kficc pants free.
°OPEN SATURDAY NIGHT TILL 10
WHOLESALE Ml ftmiMi AM RETAILING
CLQTnfRSnlLlPnlAN DJRECTT0YQU5
516-5I8M AKKET S^wlMl
Jl "0 VEP.TISEMEUTS.
3pHfflmn\
Pore, Pete and Sparking. Bottled 1
OrJy at the Brewery in SU Louis, i
SOLD EVERYWHERE^ I
HILBKUT MERCANTILE CO.. If
Pacific Coast Ajrents. Sf
B Meisktll'i Ointment accomplishes Mton- B
H latins cures of sklafiUeasea, after the mo»t 11
ti powerful Internal remedies have failed. !
1.1 after b«th!n;j the par: with Hcl ikeiVt Soap Eg -
m use Ileitkell'i Ointment and It will quickly |3
5? remove all Blotches, Pimple;. Eruptions I
3 and Sores. Cures Tetter. .Lrjrsipelaa, Salt I
M Rhenm, Scald Head. Itch, Ringworms. H
ij Ulcers. Piles, Barber's Itch : rellevea and j
S heals Cures and ccaldi. Hakes the sJcla {
a soft and beautiful. Prescribed by ph7> t
Hi details for half a centnry. At druggists Me. I
H fiend for tree bo^r of testimonials. i If
H JOKSSTOX, IIOUOWAY * CO., rkilafelphia. I
JtM4^TOL>Sy-*i>*-A'«!U- : g.li:''.>'iifT*»^^'*' 7 '^' 1 "K>t!lUM3S|
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
OF AHATOMY#
A Qb 1351 lasurs?. tot. e:u?Ji,g.7.cii. 4
\ fcf The L*f?e«t Anatomical Mtuena in the \ *
Q , i Tfl s World. Weaknesses or any contracted Q
1 K£«J disease po»i«l»«lye«r»*hyt»eolde^ T
O |5 3l Specialist oo the Coast. Est. 34 years. 0
P i^S6 DR * ""MOAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
\ f ffiSf^S Consultation free and strictly private.
B 1 jSVn Treatment personally or br letter. A ,
\ fi V MH Pontiv Cur* in every ease undertaken.
Aril If* Write for Book. PUJLOaurnYaf. I
f • I 1^ BinnwsK. mams rxu. (a
1 J |), valuable book for mm) .
V DB. JOCI»AN A tO, 1051 Market St. S. F.
EMERCES'
%JF FAVORITE
pESCRIPTION
la FOR WEAK WOMEN*
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. DTVIOOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wo?4erful aohrodlslac and SpedaJ
Tonic lor the S;x^:l Organs, for both ««xea.
- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Sidney* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEH, ALFS & PRUNE. Agents.
823 Market at.. S. T.— <3end for Circular*. >
flTfWfT^WMIiMSIS
¦ — , . — . ¦
r^$Sk BOTTLE CURS.5
jy-Vtfj McBURNEY'S
P-XKIDNEV^SS?, 01 *"
! /S»»^i/\ ForBrighfs disease, brick dnrt
deposit, bed-wetting, gravel, dropsy, diabete*
and rheumatism. Send 25 cents in 2c. stamps to
W. F. SIcBurney, 418 3. Bprinj St., Los Angeles.
CaUfor5daystreatia't. Prepaid *U&. Dru«i*««