PRICE FIVE CENTS
/"JRDERS were received at 'Mare Wand Navy Yard late yesterday after-
noon to dispatch a torpedo-boat fleet to isthmian waters. Rush
work was commenced on the destroyers Perry and Paul Jones and the
torpedo-boat Farragut; The vessels will be -used to prevent any contem
plated attack on Panama by Colombia. - . ; \_
GOVERNMENT SENDS ORDER
FOR TORPEDO=BOAT FLEET
TO HURRY TO THE, ISTHMUS
'•/>ntir.m!d on Paso 2. Column 1.
Snn Franciscan Is Badly Injured.
DUTCH FLAT STATION." Dec. 1 1.—
Charles Laden,' while attempting to
boards a westbound freight, at this
place, fell under the train and ,had
both feet cut off. He was. badly -cut
on the head. He grves his, residence
as San Francisco and his age 35.
Death' of jf Noted Consul.
• BOSTON.V.Dee. ; 11. -^-Captain-'; Charles
A; , B. >Talbot,': British {Consul General 'at
Boston!- died I tb^day^Captaiu
Talbof formerly ; held; a post { in ' Spain
arid' received -the; thanks" of the -Amefl-"
can Gbverrimejit^forhis^'Bervlces during
the Spanfeh-Americari war.; ",i
NAPA. Dec. 11.— O. E. Evans and
John Wilson,' the Jaifbirds who escaped
| several days ago, have completely dis
* appeared. Sheriff Dunlap and his
deputies have returned to Napa after
a continuous search and have found
no clew to the whereabouts of the
fugitives. The ease with which the
criminals have disappeared shows that
their plans were carefully made be
' fore they escaped. '
Ivscapcd PrtJIners I2udc Sheriff.
Forenian Is Killed by a Blast,
BAKERSFIELD.^ Dec. 11. — Philip
Roberts,; foreman for the Edison
Electric -Works at its tunnel, tv/enty
flve* miles from Bakersfleld, was killed
this; afternoon by the premature ex
plosion 'of. a dynamite blast. : He was
aYmiddletaged , man and leaves a wife
and" family in Los Angeles.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
vote on the reply would be reversed
to-day. The allied parties, however, at
meetings held outside the Diet, decided
that the action taken should not be re
versed and the dissolution followed.
TuKIO, Dec. 11.— The Diet has been
dissolved. Hope had been entertained
in official circles that in view of the ex
traordinary nature of the step taken
by tbe lower house yesterday in its re
ply to the si>eeeh from the throne the
The Members Decide to Not Reverse
Hie Action of a Former Meeting
of the Body.
THE JAPANESE DIET
HAS BEEN* DISSOLVED
"A "strange": aferies 1 of i fatalities has ; fol
lowed'the •; family. ! Connors',
father was killed while-abroad and': his
mother, with ' a": baby,-; went down '.with
the : ill-fated jElbe .in; the'rNo'rth Sea.;> *
MILES CITY, Mont., Dec. 11.— Word
has been received here' from Spearflsh,
in .South' Dakota, - telling of .'an acci
dent which befell a party, and
will : result fatally \ to the 'prospective
groom,' MA C.'-'Connors Jr. ,
Connors and'his "fiantfee were on their
way to Deadwood,; where" the ceremony
was to have.been'performed. and'were
traveling >"durihg * the • night. * Connors
became confused In the^ mountains and
the vehicle ; was over turned on the/edge
of a precipice, , throwing Connors, . the
woman and the ". horses ' to the foot of
the L cliff, \a distance 'of i about 300 feet.
The; womair. has .been -^unconscious for
over f orty-eiKht ' hours. / Connors "'¦ has
been taken"Ho: the** Hospitel' at \ Dead
wood.' •¦ '¦?'-. '•'¦'~~ : \:'.:~}?- t - ; ' ''- "¦.'¦ -V-" : '¦
Special Dispatch to; The Call.
... Nearly ; the. whole of the four hours'
session .was taken up;, in, ay discussion
of ¦ the- isthmian- question. *, No conclu
sion was ¦: reached on! the'^ pensions bill.
Van rVorhees (R-) of .Ohio, of the Ap
propriations Committee^ naade; a state
ment concerning:, the 'provisions of; the
bill; ' when : the. debate digressed to 'the
subject of Panama.- The House ad
journed;over,.until Monday.; v
Dinsmore; disavowed "any purpose s tb
impute, dishonorable .or, improper;- rao
tives'tbHhe ; officers ofc the Government.
W A SHI NGTON, Dec. : 11.— The birth
of; the republic of Panama '• and its
recognition , by ; this- Government was
the subject of a spirited debate in the
House "to-day. Dinsmore (D.) of Ar
kansas, during consideration of the
pensions appropriation , bill., severely
criticized the administration" in'.connec
tionVwlth the canal, and Mr. Hi'tt (R.)
cf/liljnols,'. chairman of.- the 1 . Foreigrn
Affairs Committee/ replied 'in [a vigor-'
bus^ delenso' of '" the" President and his
Central American-policy. : ."* •
¦; Williams (D.) of Mississippi, the mi
nority leader,' replied to. Hitt, declar
ing : that - the i minority did not '.condone
the part taken by this Government in
connection : <witli Panama 1 affairs...
Attacks.
Hltt Vigorously Replies to Democratic
PANAMA CASE IX CONGRESS.
Wedding; Party Meets
With
iatNiglit. :
PEKING. Dec. 11.— Prince Ching in
formed the Ministers in an audience to
day that he was not negotiating with
Russia and that the Government was
merely awaiting events.' It Is known,
however, that Lien Fang. First.Secre
tary'of the Board of Foreign Affairs
and who represented the Foreign Of
fice during former negotiations, is pay
ing frequent visits to Russian Minister
Lessar.
There Is a Strong Suspicion . That
China Is Secretly Negotiating
With Russian 3Iinistcr.' .
PRINCE CXIIXG IS
JUST AWAITING EVENTS
GIRL FALLS
FROM CLIFF
WITH LOVER
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 11.— Twenf
ty mounted policemen are scouring the
plains south of Calgary to-night
searching for Henri Cashel, sentenced
to be hanged next Tuesday for mur
der. Cashel escaped last, night from
the mounted . police barracks • .jail,
where three big policemen "were con
stantly on: duty watching the death
chamber. Up to a late hour to-night
Cashel had not been found. It is
thought that he crossed the American
boundary.
Constable Piper ordered the con
demned man out of his cell last night
until he could < search it, according to
daily instructions. Outside the ," door
standing guard were two more officers,
Leslie and Phillips. Cashel went out
and sat on a bench in front of. a win-,
dow facing the street.. Piper, after
the search, ordered Cashel back to the
cell, whereupon the priaoner^ suddenly
flashed two revolvers in , the faces of
the guards and ordered all three Into
the cell he had' just vacated. He took
their . revolvers, locked the officers in
the cell, ;ind then walked in hi3
shackled feel to. the place' whyere the
keys were^ kept, removed ] the shackles,
and after! taunting the guards kissed
his hand to them by way of adieu and
left the barracks. . Fifteen minutes
later the night guard entered the' bav
racks and found the three mounted po
pollcemen in Cashel's cell.;
Cashel stole a horse at the edge • of
the town and was not seen afterward.
A formal' reprieve was granted to-day
in his case by the Government. If this
were not done he would be legally, dead
after next Tuesday and the law could'
riot- operate against him. ; The officials
therefore ¦ issued a declaration that his
execution had been postponed*for four,
v. eeks. Caihel Is a half-breed, , only 21
yc-ars old, and jyas arrested for killing'
a trades* <
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call,
Paul - Jones and " Perry and the tor
pedo-boat Farragut ready for sea was
commenced this evening and it is ex
pected that the vessels will be ready
to sail within the next few days. An
order for new machinery for the boats
was placed in the East some time ago',
but the officials will not wait for it to
arrive here. The necessary machin
ery will be improvised at Mare Island
so as to avoid any unnecessary de
lay. . The supply of coal, ammunition
and provisions here is sufficient to
stock the. fleet for the present and the
officers believe that everything will be
soon in readiness." ¦ ' v -Va
-It- is the intention of the Govern
ment to use Wie boats to patrol the
shallow water3« around 1 Panama and
prevent an attack by Colombia on the
new.; republic. s The boats draw but
little water and are in every way
adapted, to 'patrol service.
CashelEscapes FroBji
. His Jailers at f
vdigdryi
OFFICIALS PROMINENTLY MENTIONED IN DISPATCHES DESCRIB
'^ ING -THE! SERIOUS CONDITIONS. REQUIRING WATCHFULNESS
. . OFUNCEE'SAM IN THE CENTRAL. AMERICAN REGION.
CONDEMMED
MANSLAYER
GETS AWAY
Sonje one had asked a question abon/
the alleged proposal to rearm the Ger-
• The speaker" sa.!d he recalled with
pride and Joy the friendships he formed
as •young officer with the wives and
daughters of his superiors. Thry threw
home Influences around th<> young offi
cers, often J^afnins: the srratitude of dis
tant mothers by affording the former
good counsel and refining surroundings.
Regarding the brutalities, the 'Min
ister declared that such incidents were
not wholly inenpllcabl*?. There was the
bad private soldier, as well asthe bad
sergeant, and the bad private .. was
largely responsible for the whole diffi
culty, ""succeeding by the most "devil
ish ingenuity to so embitter the non
commissioned -officers that. the latter
finally vented their anger . upon the
weaklings." • ¦ -
Thi3 type of private had always ex
isted, and was more common under So
cial Democratic influence.' The Social
Democrats asserted that militarism en
slaved, brutalized and stupefied the
people and suppressed freedom' of
thought. If this were true Germany
should be in a sad condition, since
Germany was a universal military serv
ice country. But this was not true, as
Germany had succeeded by a combina
tion of industry, intelligence and en
ergy unparalleled in conquering a large
part of the markets of the world.
During the vear ending in June, the
War Minister continued, fifty officers
and 577 non-commissioned officers and
good service men were punished for
mistreatment of private soldiers. Reck
oning percentages, one officer in 400 and
one non-commissioned officer in IS) had
been 1 found guilty of the misuse of au
thority. The convictions were really
fewer duringf the recent agitation than
in some other year?. However, the
army_ administration had determined to
stop mistreatment altogether. Even 100
cases a year would be intolerable.
Discussing Herr Rebel's charge that
the German artillery was Inefficient and
that the German gun was Inferior to
the French gun. the Minister entered
Into a^technleal, explanation of why the
German gun of the, model of 1SSS was
better than the French gun c-f the 1303
model.
German army officers, without attempt-
Ing to exculpate them. He admitted
there had been abuses, and declared the
army administration was determined to
correct them so far as possible. No
body regretted the evils more than Em
peror William, who never lost an op
portunity to Impress the seriousness of
the offenses that had been brought to
light.
Referring to Lieutenant Bilzen's
book, "A Little Garrison" (telling of
alleged actions discreditable to officers,
for writing which the Iientenant was
sentenced to six months' imprisonment
and to dismissal from the army), the
War Minister said it contained a cer
tain amount of truth, but It was not
true that every lieutenant in 'the small
garrisons lived as Bilzen had described.
The Minister did not deny' the possibil
ity of corrupt relations between officers
and women in a" few cases, but the as
sertion that such was the rule was a
slander against German womanhood.
BERLIN, Dec. 11.— In the Reichstag
to-day War Minister von Einem en
tered earnestly into the charges of bru
tality and Immorality brought against
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— The state
ments attributed to General MacAr
thur. as contained in last night's dis
patches from Honolulu, in which he
is alleged to have predicted war In the
immediate future between the United
States and Germany, have come to the
notice of Secretary Root.
In an interview to-day the Secretary
said the only information he had on"
the subject was what he had seen in
the papers. He did not regard it as a
case calling -for action >. by him, inas
much as the dispatch quoted General
MacArthur as saying that the state
ments in Colonel Jones' report to Gov
ernor Carter did not correctly repre
sent his views in any particular, and
utterly misrepresented them in some.
Secretary* Boot made the assertion
that remarks -of this character deliv
ered in private conversation:. would not
necessarily shield an officer from the
requirement of an. explanation, but he
gays that General MacArthur carries
with it the weight ,of an ..explanation.
He. therefore, 'would' take no action
in the matter, '
At the iiieetiricr of the Cabinet to-day
it iy'safd that* the matter was discuss
ed, as a ro.*ult of which it seems likely
that Secretary Root will* modify ' his
view, and in the Interest of fairness
to Gohtral MacArthur call upon him
?r>r an explanation upon his arrival in
the Urrit«>d States Ahe' latter part " of
this month.
Remarks of MacArthur
"Discussed by the
Cabinet.
Kaiser's War Minister
"'Scores Brutality in
the Army.
GERMAN WAP. MINISTER
WHO CRITICIZED CONDUCT
OF ARMY OFFICERS.
SECRETARY OF WAR. WHO
HAS COMMENTED ON MAC
ARTHURS REMARKS.
Mrs. : Pierson has recently separated
from her! husband* and as he was very
desirous of securing their child she is
Inclined , to think the husband is at
the bottom of the matter. As Pierson
is known to have been in San Francis
co and to have left for his mother's
home in Missouri with his child yester
day afternoon it. is not out of the
range of possibility that Mrs. Pierson's
surmise is correct. .
" She. is known as .Mrs.- Pope and has
resided at 410 Bush' street recently. Her
husband 'has commenced an action for
divorce in Riverside, County. .He is su
perintendent; of ' the Corona Power
Company. \
Suddenly the stranger picked up the
boy, threw him into the buggy, end
jumped in himself. The mother
screamed and the child gave a terrified
shriek, Sandy Ferguson leapfed from
the piazza where he had been sitting
and grasped the horses* heads. The
man who nad remained In the buggy
whipped out a revolver with an oath
and. shouted to Ferguson to let go and
the others xo keep away or some one
would get killed. '.The pugilist Jumped
back and the abductors were soon fly
ing up the road.
Teams were secured and a flrce pur
suit commenced. The strangers had
the fastest team, however, and easily
distanced their pursuers. The local po
lice authorities were informed by tele
phone from Co*lma of what had taken
place and • an attempt was made to
head off the fugitives, but in vain. The
abductors knew what they were doing
and took a roundabout course, as was
shown by the subsequent investigation
of the detectives.
The stranger smiled and held out
some candy. The child followed him
delightedly. Finally the candy was
dropped ov^r the rail on the porch and
the youhg3ter ran down the steps to
secure it.
- Shortly after noon Thursday, the
previous day's visitor drove up again
with a companion. He walked into the
barroom as before and bought drinks
for the crov.-d, and one which he car
ried out to his companion. Soon he
asked after the child, but it was ex
plained that the little fellow was up
stairs with his mother. Hour after
hour the two strangers waited pa
tiently, the one ih the barroom and the
other in the buggy. At about 5 o'c'ock
the little boy appeared in company with
his mother.
Wednesday afternoon the smaller of
the two abductors drove up to the
Seven-Mile Hjuse and hitched his
horse. He then strolled into the bar
room and purchased a few drinks. He
finally turned the conversation to the
subject of Mrs. Pierson and her child
and casually elicited the information of
which he was In search. The barkeeper
and the hangers-on were entirely un
suspicious and after the stranger had
made the acquaintance of "Billy" he
drove away in the direction of San
Francisco.
The Seven-Mile House, just below
Colma, was the scene of a sensational
abduction at 5 o'clock last Thursday
afternoon. Two strange men seized
the two-year-old son of Ida F. Pierson,
in plain view of a dozen people, hurled
the shrieking little one into a top buggy
and dashed up the road to San Fran
cisco, with a crowd of enraged men In
vain pursuit.
The deed was accomplished by a dis
play of firearms and dire threats.
Sandy Ferguson, the pugilist, almost
prevented the abduction, but* was
forced to relinquish his hold on the
horses at. the point of a revolver. The
police authorities of San Francisco
were notified of the occurrence as soon
as possible and detectives were imme
diately placed upon the case. The
mother of the stolen child is frantic
with grief. -
No one seems to be able" to give much
of a description of the man who re
mained in ¦ the btyjgy. _? His companion
is said to have been well dressed, short
in stature, of prepossessing: appearance
and.- with , a curly. bj^frk-muata«h«.-is*"-^
Mrs. Pierson , has recently. . come " to
.this section, of the State from Corona.
For several weeks she has been living
at the Seven-Mile House a3 the guest
of Jack. Sutton, the proprietor. Her
little boy, "Billy," has been a great fa
vorite of Ferguson and his followers,
who have been living at Sutton's place.
"I realize the futility of , any opposi
tion at this juncture, because the Sen
ate is already committed to the. bill by
Its ratification of the*treaty, but being
convinced that legislation will prove
harmful to American >J am
impelled by a sense of duty to my party
as well as to my State to record my
protest against it..
"While my remarks do not harmonize
"Who is to give this notice? The Ex
ecutive will surely not do It without
the authority of Congress, and when
it shall be more clearly seen than now
that our industries are threatened with
destruction, the notice will not be
given by Congress if at that time it
should be controlled by a Democratic
free trade majority.
SENATOR 3IAKES PROTEST.
WORDS OF McKlXLEY.
The Senator also quoted from Presi
dent McKinley's last speech at Buffalo.
Bard stated that California, Arizona!
Florida and the Gulf States produce
everything that is produced in Cuba,
and that while immediate injury to the'
industries may not be great, future in
jury will be most serious. By tables
he Fhowed the . growth of the citrus
fruit industry In California, and deliv
ered high encomiums upon the farmers
of that State generally, calling atten
tion to their high standing as citizens
and agriculturalists and to the fact
that they have devoted their time, en
ergies and fortunes to the upbuilding
of great industries, which this bill will
most seriously affect. He referred to
the live-year clause of the measure and
said that tie believed a more definite
term should have been provided and
that it is Incorrect to say that the
treaty will continue for five years only;
that It will continue indefinitely until
notice be given by either party of its
intention to terminate the same. He
asked:
Mr. Bard quoted from the report of
Collector Bliss, at Havana, to show
that many articles in common use in
the United States are unsuited to the
physical conditions of Cuba and that
the lack of trade is the result of the
indifference of American manufactur
ers, who will not cater to the tastes
and wants of the Cuban people. He en
tered a most earnest protest on be
half of the farmers and fruit-growers
of California, and quoted the views of
Mr. Bluine, former Sneaker Heed,
President McKlnley and President
Roosevelt, and other Republican lead
ers on reciprocity, to the effect that
it must not be permitted to injure our
own industries.
'"This declaration that our promises
vrere fulfilled Is an* acquittance so far
as any obligation rested upon us up
to thnt date, and if.. any obligation of
honor rests upon us now. It musti have
originated since then. Commercial re
lations with Cuba are desirable and
should be promoted, but the advant
ages accruing to us are not worth the
cost if, in order to secure-them. we
must sacrifice some of our own indus
tries and ¦ derogate from the great
principles which the Republicans are
pledged to support. The reduction pro
posed by the bill in the tariff rates
upon the most important Cuban prod
ucts can have no other effect than to
stimulate their production and facili
tate tho sale, sooner or later, of such
articles in our own markets in compe
tition with the products of our own
soil. I am unable to believe the meas
ure will do harm to^no industry, and
am not convinced that the measure
provides the only way by which our
export trade with Cuba could be ex
panded."
INDUSTRIES ENDANGERED.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 11.—
Senator Bard addressed the Senate to
day In opposition to the Cuban reci
procity bill. His remarks received
close attention by the Senators. He
spoke of the Plait amendment and
stated that careful examination of its
provisions fail to disclose any indi
cation that this Government must
necessarily grant to Cuba commercial
preferential advantages in our mar
kets for her products. He said:
"The Cuban people certainly under
stood that in accepting the Platt
amendment it was as a full settlement
of all claims between Cuba and the
United States. There could be no
other meaning: of the words of Presi
dent Palma which were uttered upon
a memorable occasion, when on the
"Oth of May. l<v>2. General Wood, under
ihe direction of the President, deliv
ered to the new republic the povern
ment which we had provisionally es
tablished.
Special Dispetch to The Call
They Prowl Like Highbinders, Then
Quickly Clutch Victim and Drive
Away in Eot Haste.
Advantages to Accrue From a Close
Commercial Relation Declared to
Be Ofiset by the Objections.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
VALLEJO. Dec. 11. — An order di
recting that a torpedo-boat fleet be
dispatched to Panama with all pos
sible speed was received at Mare Isl
and late this afternoon from the Sec
retary of the Navy. The work of
getting: the torpedo-boat destroyers
Bold Strangers Seize Son Be
fore Eyes ol Startled
Mother.
Notable Address Is Made
in tie Matter of
Reciprocity.
Ominous Instruct
iions for the
v Navy Yard.
Candy Lures Boy and
Firearms Scare
Rescuers,
California Senator
Speaks on Cuban
Treaty.
INDUSTRIES
IMPERILED
SAYS BARD
KIDNAPERS
GET CHILD
AT COLMA
STATESMAN
STRIKES HARD
AT OFFICERS
DEPARTMENT
MAY DEMAND
EXPLANATION
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; DECEMBER- -.12, : 1903.
Alcazar — "A Boyal Prisoner."
AltAmtora — EUery'» Itallaa
Banfl.
California— 'Ton Tonson."
Central — "Sew York Day by
Day."
Colombia — "Way Down East."
riBcfcer's — "I. O. U."
Grand — "For Mother's Sake."
Orpaenm — Vaudeville.
Steinway Sail — Aaffelus Piano
Becital. 3 p. m.
The Chutes — Vaudrrille.
Matinees To-Day At all the The
aters.
THB THEATIHS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 12.
rcrec&st aeti at Baa r«a
cisco fcr thirty hcur» endlar
aillrlalit, Diciaiw 18:
Can Prtncisco and vicinity
Cloudy, unsettled weatUer S»t
orflay; pocsibly rata by aiyjit;
brisk scrthirest wiada.
-A. Q. KCASZEi
District 7or*caxter.
The San Francisco Call" Itching. BHrKj.'BleeBlngorr.^rotruding Piles.
Your; dmcElst will refund ; money ~ if ; Paxo
Ointment falls to cure you in u to 14 dav*. aoc*
A . Guaranteed Cure [for Piles. :. - '
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— Chekib Bey,
the .Turkish Minister here, to-day, filed'
with the State: Department an explana
tion from the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs of Turkey of the Alexandretta af
fair, stating in effect thatUnited States
Consul Davis sought. to procure the llr
legal "emigration of a ; Turkish subject;
and failing In this | attacked and beat
the Turkish ¦ police and then ; took the
steamer. .- The State Department has
had' partial advices from ', Minister
Leishman and; is awalting'the comple
tion of his investigation. ,
TURKISH MINISTER „
BLAMES THE CONSUL
"My opinion," said he, "is that we
are on an express train which is roll
ing with wind velocity into the social
ized state of. the future. • At any rate,'
something must be done to prevent the
growth of the Social, democracy, and
the : most effective , means -to this 'end
would be to withdraw the suffrage for
five* years 'from Socialists who ; profess
to be revolutionists or republicans."
¦ •.: ¦ ¦ - J ¦
man army, with a new rifle, the War
Minister said. He knew nothing about it.
Baron von Karadorff warned . the
Government against "making commer
cial treaties with European states be
fore denouncing trade treaties with
states over the sea." The Baron then
discussed the enormous increase in the
Socialist vote. He said he would not
assert .that the army had grown un
trustworthy, but he" declared that its
rail ks were filled; with Socialists..
Continued From Page I, • Column 7.
v.Hh the vicv.s o{ the President in re
gard to, the necessity 'and wisdom of
this legislation, it is gratifying to note
that in his message to Congress the
President declares "this reciprocity
treaty stands by itself arid "the rea
sons for it outweigh those for granting
reciprocity with any other nation," for
that means the consideration which
Justifies the legislation is exceptional,
tnd that in r.o other probable case will
sirr.iUir conditions recur. 1 would b~
sprry if this legislation could ever be
taken as a precedent Interpreting the
RrpuMican policy of reciprocity, and I
will be content if my remarks serve no
ether purpose than to call attention to
the fact that ray colleagues agree with
the "President" that this reciprocity
treaty "stands entirely alone.' "
WASHINGTON, Dec. : 11.— A cable
gram received at the Navy Department
to-day announced that the' gunboat
t Machias left Jibuti .^French Somaliland,
to-day* for the Red Sea. This move
ment is not clearly understood at the
Navy Department, for the reason', that
the Machias was under orders to re
main at Jibuti for the purpose of tak
ing United States Consul General Skin
ner and his ¦ party back to Marseilles,
and so, far as known here the Skinner
expeditionUo Abyssinia has not yet re
turned to the coast from 'its expedition
to the capital of King Menelik.
Vessel That Was Ordered to Walt for
Consul Skinner Mysteriously Sails
for ' Unknown Ports.
GUNBOAT'S COURSE
PERPLEXES WASHINGTON
IKD.STBIES IMPtRILED.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn
in wood or leather at the artist material
department of Sanlx>rn. Vail & Co. •
Continued From Page 1. Column 2.
Miss A- P. Wright, an aged woman
who resides with her sister, Mrs. Ma
bel Church, at £26 Fifteenth street,
Oakland, wan struck by a Valencia
street car near the ferry building last
evening. She was standing bctvk-eeh
the tracks and was confused b* cars
approachSnp- from opposite directions.
Her injuries, which were principally
abrasions of the. head! were-' treated
at the Harbor Ho.-pital.
Wonran Struck by a Car.
¦ .WASHINGTON," Dec.; 11.— -M. .Burip.u-.
V'arilla,*; the Minister ; from Panama,*, to—
day;had a lengthy,' conference* with Act-"
ing Secretary of State' Loofnis,' the nbl
Minlstc'iv VarHla Arprucs That. Delays
:';i May (jive 'Rise to Complications. > ; ;
•WOULD . HURRY RATIFICATION.
WASHINGTON, .. Dec. 11.— General
Rafael Reyes has retained Wayne Mac-
Ve«igh; former Attorney General of the
United. States, to advise him in his ne
gotiations with the State Department.
MacVeagh began to-day the prepara
tion of a note which will be delivered to
the State Department next week, and
while its Import is not divulged, it is
believed.it wijl suggest that the United
States and Colombia agree . to submit
to The. Hague the question. of the ex
tent of the treaty of 1846 between New
Granada .and the United States, which
the President has cited as full ground
for hte policy on the isthmus. It. is be
lieved it will also be suggested that, the
question of the l/hited States prevent
ing Colombian troops from retaking the
isthmus should also be "submitted to
arbitration. *it is apparently the, Co
lombian; policy, to put' th6 'United
States ' in the position of refusing to
submit these questions to The Hague,
which President Roosevelt * has f re
qiiehtiy: strongly upheld. About the
only question the United States is will
ing. to A refer ' to; The Hague is the
amount of Colombian national ' indebt
edness^which. Panama 'should ; assume.
' Herbert "W.v Bowen, : States
-Minister at Caracas, ; has apparently
been an. Influence in to-day's develop
ments.of the Panama situation. It was
announced to-night that the Venezue
lan' and ¦' Colombian Governments, long
cool toward. 'each other, , would soon
consider a resumption of relations.
United States Consul^ General Gudger
at '. Panama. 'cabled the State Depart
ment that he has 'learned that the ex
pedition... in . which .1100 Colombian
.troops vwere._ reported as having landed
at the mouth of the Atrato River, :in
the <3ulf . of- barien, had been aban
doned. ';" ¦„;,' •;.-,.':.•. .
,, Rear ; Admiral - Glass reported to the
Navy.' Department ' to-day that the're
was "a I well defined I runy>r on the isth
mus that. Colombian troops were mov
ing:toward :the Isthmus. None of- these
reports \ are ; confirmed. The warships
continue to, '¦ scout : both sides of .the
isthmus.''' t; " h
Reyes Proposes That Treaty Question
Be Referred to The Hagrue.
WILL URGE ARBITRATION.
EUGENE, Or., Dec. 11.— The Holy.
Rollers have broken out liere and this
to\rn seems to be -doomed to endure a
sensation similar ,to". that inflicted .upon
the people of Corvallis recently by the
alleged devote'es* of a ""religious faith
which calls upon its followers for the
most ridiculous performances.
Most unexpectedly did three of the
self-styled "Chosen of God" make their
appearance last night, much to the
annoyance of the good people of the
Methodist Episcopal . Church, during
the hour of the prayer meeting service.
The usual, 'exercises were progressing
when suddenly the worshipers were
surprised and startled by the breaking
out of three strangers, whose vocifer
ous and boisterous hallelujahs were
most annoying. They went on with
their frantic performances, disregard
ing the wishes of the people of the
church, and the prayer meeting was
broken up for the evening.
Their Boisterous and* Vociferous Hal
?a "lelujnhs Compel Worshipers to
Abandon Prayer Meeting.
"HOLY ROLLERS" DISTURB
SERVICES IN A CHURCH
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— Senator
Hanna v will make a^'ileniartd on the
Senate 1 Committee oh' Military Affairs
that General Leonard Wood be sum
moned from the Philippines to answer
the charges filed against him. .Mem
bers of the committee favoring-Gen
eral Wood's confirmation, as - major
general will oppose the issuance of a
subpena, but it is said that Senators
Hanna and Teller have evidence to in
troduce which will make it necessary
for General Wood' to appear. ;
General Wood's opponents -have
scored an advantage In obtaining an
order for printing of all the exhibits,
In addition to the , testimony. "If the
records of the hearings are made pub
lic, and it is thought they will be
General W OO(i ' s critics say they will
make the greatest sensation . ever
known, in the history of Senate hear
ings 6n nominations.' •¦' ¦ - '
General in the Philippines. May Have
to Return and Testify Before. the
Senate Committee.
HANNA WILL MAKE CALL
FOR APPEARAXCE OF WOOD
that the prisoner be held at all hazards
and stating that an officer had already
been started for this city to take him
back.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— The troubles of
Nance O'Neill, McKee Rankin and W.
S. Cleveland, the theatrical manager,
who has attached all the property of
the two actors, were aired in a Justice's
ccurt here to-day. Cleveland in his tes
timony declared that Miss O'Xeill was
hypnotized by Rankin. '_ \ \.*"V_
"It is a second case of Trilby and
Svengali," he said. "From the stage of
my theater I have seen McKee Rankin
exert his influence over Miss O'Xeill.
When he looked at her she forgot her
lines, and when he snapped his finger
at her she would act. He has an undue
influence over her and has kept her
segregated from other actors or man
agers."
When Miss O'Neill was put on the
stand she denied the allegation of
Cleveland that Rankin had any hyp
notic power over her.
Court That the Actrrss I*» Under
Hypnotic Influence.
3Ianagcr Cleveland Declares in Police
SAYS NANCE O'NEILL
IS IX RAXKIX'S SPELIi
STATESMAN STRIKES HARD.
St. Louis and Chicago, which seem
to be the chief rival cities ; for the con
vention, are maintaining headquarters
at the Arlington and will be given an
opportunity to present their claims.
To-morrow the session will begin a f t
10 o'clock, when time will be given to
the committees representing" cities de
siring the convention 1 to present their
claims.
He then passed around the room and
shook hands with each member, after
which a photograph of the committee
was taken on the portico of the White
House, with the President and Senator
Hahna in the center. Secretary Heath
did not accompany the committee to
the White House. i - '/, ¦
"All right," responded the President.
"I was just wondering which was the
best way to get at them."
"You will have no.jtrouble in-getting
at these fellows," responded Senator
Hanna. "They are all anxious to see
you."
As the laugh subsided the President
remarked, bowing to Senator Hanna:
"I hav% sat at the feet of Gamaliel."
President Roosevelt replied:
"Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen: It is
a peculiar pleasure to me to greet here
the men to whom not merely the party
but the country „ has owed so much in
the immediate ..past, and the men to
whom-both party and country.will p.v/e
so much in the immediate future."
This sentiment was applauded.
"You would better pass around the
room, Mr. President, and shake hands
with each one," remarked Senator
Hanna. *¦ '" ,',-v '.¦}.
"Mr. • President, I have the honor, to
present en masse the members of the
Republican National Committee. In my
experience with this body of men I have'
found them all true, loyal Republicans,
ready, to support ihe principles 'of the
Republican party at all .times.'V ;
party."
This": statement was • greeted •: with
hearty applause. Chairman Hanna ex
l^aln^d Urat the meetings of the com
mittee 1^^a;d be public, except at the
m»?tin:-r l«>-:tn k«-w. when balloting for
a '.bio? to • hold the next convention
vtnld t-ike i.loce -. ¦<
A It limit" v.,'i.«iiald to the late Gc-ocge
Wi swell of Milwaukee, sergeant-at
arnis of the committee.
This tfurnoon the committee pro
•ceded to the White House. After wait
ing h few nnnutes in the green parlor
the I'r«fcidest entered and was hei-rily
greeted by the commit'.c-o. Chai-mm
Hanna raid as he took Mr. Roosevelt's
herd:
When Chairman Hanna called- the
meeting to order he was greeted with
a round of applause. He expressed
briefly his thanks to the committee for
the work in the campaign of 1900, say
ing:
"I desire to improve this opportunity
to thank the members of this commit
tee for their hearty and loyal co-ope
ration in the campaign, for which ser
vice they were chosen by the conven
tion held in that year. From a per
sonal standpoint it is a pleasure to me
to make this acknowledgment of unani
mous support on the part of this com
mittee iii this campaign. Those of you
who may be unfortunate enough to be
chosen again will have that experience..
r . "All qf interest to the Republican
party that centers in this meeting can
be told in one word — that is, 'Success.*
And all that is nocessary to bring
about that result is to stand pat upon
the principles and "policies of that
The principal business to be transact
ed is the selection of the time and place
for holding the next Republican Na
tional Convention. Neither of these
questions was discussed at the meeting.
Perry & Heath, the secretary, read
a call of the meeting, stating its pur
pose. A number of communications
were then presented, • including one
from the National Republican League,
asking for an opportunity to be heard
on the question of come plan of co-ope
ration between the'league and the na
tional committee. In the last campaign
the league was supplied with funds and
literature and this plan is ¦ favored
again.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— The Repub
lican National Committee to-day, at the
Arlington Hotel, began its* initial meet
ing, preparatory to the Presidential
campaign of 1904. The committee, which
was called to order by Chairman
Hanna, represented every State and
Territory, either by the regular member
or proxy, except Hawaii.
Quiet prevails here, though the finan
cial condition of the provisional gov
ernment is a desperate one.
SAN DjOMINGO, . Pec. .,11— United
States Minister Powell has been official
ly informed that the provisional gov
ernment is not disposed to accept as
final the settlements of American
claims made with the late government
of ' President Wos y Gil. Minister
Powell has replied that the. Government
of the United States considers the cases
of the San Domingo capital, the rights
of the Clyde Steamship Company un
der its concessions and the^ claims of J.
"Sala & Co. as having been finally set
tled, and that discussion of these
claims will not be reopened. The Min
ister has also informed the provisional
government' that his Government ex
pects a full compliance with all '.the
agreements entered into by the United
States Government with the former
governments of General Wos y Gil and
General Velasquez, and that his Gov
ernment will not recognize the provi
sional government until it acknowl
edges all the • agreements made with
preceding administrations. The British,
French, German and Belgian Ministers
have refused to recognize the provi
sional government and will not give.it
formal recognition until similar ,. ac
tion.is taken by the United States.
The candidates for . the Presidency
are General Jiminez and General , Mo
rales, and for the . Vice I Presidency
General Caceres and General Pichardo.
ture of which he would not disclose.
When asked regarding the reported at
tempt to create a division among the
members of the "Panama Canal Com
pany and its probable effect on the rat
ification- of the treaty by the United
States Senate, M. Bunau-Varilla said
that while the matter is completed so
far as Panama is concerned, it is ad
visable to move quickly, because delays
tend to affect the imagination, and that
so long as a thing Is unsettled compli
cations are likely to arise. He declined
to enter Into a - discussion - regarding
any action which the Panama Canal
Company may take. - . -;
Some of the Colombian contingent in
Washington are trf the opinion that the
agitation in Paris of this question is
simply an- opening-of the bitter contro
versy that raged for some time be
tween the conflicting interests in the
original Panama Canal Company and
the reorganized company. The offi
cials here, however, do not "see how
any regular and orderly proceedings in
France can materially affect the rela
tions between the canal company and
the United States Government, for they
feel that the agreement between the
two to sell the canal is in the nature
of a contract, which cannot be broken
by either party so long as the other
insists on regarding* it as in force.
. LISBON, ; I}ec. v 11:— The Ministerial
crisis' which has been latent for some
months. past may be espected to'mani-
openly on tne;King's return
from Villa Vicosa at the end .of the
month. "Itis an bpensecret^that grave
dissension exists in the Cabinet, and
Prime Minister Senhor Hintze Ribeiro
has; had extreme- difficulty in" keeping
the'Ministry. together," notwithstanding
nuinerous reconstructions with King
Carlos, who plays to perfection- the part
c-'f; monarch, has freely
granted him. ;6n the :other. hand, the
state' ,'of * health of Senhor.. Luciano de
Castro, "chief of , the Progressists, or
Liberal party, and .his advanced age
make it 'impossible 'for him to enter
tain the idea of putting: himself again
at the head of the Ministry, a task
which wiir therefore, in all probability,
fall to Senhor. Beirao, or his infinitely
more popular although considerably ju
nior colleague, Senhor Jose Maria d'Al
poim, a most' able statesman.
Reference has also been made to the
possibility of a Cabinet composed of
elements drawn. from neither of the two
parties and therefore untrammeled by
party ties which constitute the base of
Portuguese politics. In this connection
the name of the Marquis de Soveral has
frequently been put forward, but it is
not likely that the distinguished dip
lomat will relinquish even temporarily
his post in London. ,
An Effort - May; ' Be Made to
', • Form New Body of Elements
That Will Be TJntrammeled
Minister States That Unless
Terms Are Complied With
Recognition Will Be Denied
Convention and Their Claims
Will Be Heard To - Day
Chicago and St. Louis Making:
Hard Fight for Next National
powelt; makes demands
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— John E.
Chandler, who is alleged to be one of
the dynamiters who blew up a miue
in Colorado during the present labor
troubles there, was arrested to-night
by Sheriff White on East Ninth street
as a fugitive from justice and will be
held until an officer can come from
Colorado io take him back for trial.
The arrest was made on a telegram,
which the Sheriff received from Sheriff
Sanborg of Idaho Springs, Clear Creek
County, Colo., requesting that Chandler
be arrested, and stating that it was
positively known that he was in Los
Angeles.
How st -on? a case the Colorado au
thorities have against the prisoner 13
not known here,' but that he is badly
wanted is indicated by the fact that
to-night Sheriff White received by wire
a certified telegram containing the text
of the warrant which is held there for
Chandler's arrest. The warrant does
not recite the allegations of the com
plaint; but is simply an order directed
to any peace officer of Colorado to
place the man under arrest on a felony
charge of arson. His capture in Los
Angeles was the result of the discov
ery that he has relatives In this city.
When he fled from Colorado he f left
word with other relatives where they
should address their mail to him, arfd
by watching the mail the man' was ap
prehended. .
The) crime for which Chandler is
wanted Is not that of participating In
the explosion which wrecked the Vin
dicator mine in the Cripple Creek dis
trict, killed several men and precipita
ted the state of affairs which caused
Governor Peabcdy to declare that por
tion of the State under martial law.
Instead it was one of the serious crimes
which was committed almost at the In
ception of the present labor troubles in
Colorado. Idaho Springs is far re
moved from the Cripple Creek district
and there, several weeks ago, as a re-,
suit- of the actions of certain leaders
of the striking miners, the citizens
fcrmed a vigilance committee, took a
number of the officers of the Miners'
Union into custody and drove them out
of the country. Prior to this action,
and largely one of ¦ the ¦ contributing
causes of it, occurred a series of dyna
mite outrages, which In more than one
instance resulted In loss of life.
' It Is allesed that Chandler was a
leading spirit among the miners there
and that when others suspected of par
ticipation In the outrages were arrested
he fled the country. Since then the
Colorado authorities have been making
a search for him, but it was not until
to-day that they discovered his exact
address* A letter mailed to him in Ida
ho Springs to a certain address on East
Ninth street was seen, and that ad
dress telegraphed to Sheriff White of
this city. The Sheriff went there and
found his man. • •
Chandler refuses to make any state
ment and declares that he will fight
auy effort to take him back to Colo
rado for trial. He will neither affirm
nor deny that he is the man wanted.
Late to-night. Sheriff White received a
telegram from Idaho Springs asking
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Grand Jury will meet again next
Monday evening and resume its inves
tigation into the affairs of the County
Clerk's office.
In speaking of the report of the Has- i
sell Audit Company, Grand Juror Kelly :
stated, after adjournment, that he pro- j
po?ed to get seme further information i
from Hasse!! ar.d Tiis associates.
"I understand." said Kelly, "that the \
Hassell Audit Company has received '
close to 59000 for its work. It has also !
charged certain expenses and I want •
to know who gave the company free i
quarters in the City Hall." "* I
Grand Juror H. M. Kelly brought to j
the notice of his fellow jurors the ex-J
pense account of the Hassell Audit j
Company and questioned Douglas !
Touns of that corporation as to the '
manner in which the books of the j
County Clerk had been audited and the
btunber of reople employed on the i
work. i
X'»w that the Grand Jury has dropped the
Jnvesii^ation of my offic*, Jt :e time for th?
Jury to look into the Ha*sell Audit Company
pnd find out the value of the work it has done
for the city.
Has-sell chaigoE that I owed the County Clerk
S12<x> on November -'to. I have since, that date
f u!e<1 a r,-;mber of accounts. s:rne of them
hf-ing from the time of my predecessor in of
fice. IlKRSfll'n charges have not caused me to
rvay one dollar In fees unless the estates have
t;«fn settled.
Farnham made the following state
meat after the Grand Jury had ad- j
journed: ;
I lnt-Dndtd to tell the Grand Jury that th<?s* j
••har^fes apainn m» by the Hassell Audit i
Oomptny are absolutely fa1s\ but it did not '
even ne*d ray d<r.!al for the jury to reach a
dedrlca. !
This whole tpattfr cf the HaFsell Audit ¦
Comr-ar.r is a conspiracy for HasseSl a.nd !
othei* t« hold the Jib of auditing: at * b!g ex.- i
p'ns-e to the city. Haffil and his aw-ociates ;
have drawn dose to S'.KX'rt from the city for
a so-called audit of the books of the County |
Ocrk'e office and a report on my office. What ¦¦
have they don<- or refwrted? Absolutely noth- j
In* Imt What has been known far and wide ]
for ycarc
R^-parainc the chareee in Hassell'e report j
th3t. .1 t>we<1 th* County Clerk for fees on let- i
(piu of administration rn estates, my office !
had an understanding- with th? County Clerk's '
oiri.f that t>ie f*<-B should b«? uaid when the i
*=rtat<?s wor c settled up. The law do^s net re- j
quire that the Public Administrator should put ;
s:p the fe«-s out of his otin iwcket. At soon :
(us rnoae:- came in for the estates my orders j
to my bnr kkeewr were to pay all bills and '
claims. The fees to the County Clerk were j
*!«•«}{ r>aid on th? settlement of the final |
account l>y th« court. - -• i
The Grand Jury did not call Farn
ham to answer any of the charges
made in the Hassell Audit Company's
report. When the Jurors adjourned
Farnham was informed that the Grand
Jury would r.ot proceed any further
in thp matter. He was told that no
blame was attached to his office, but
that the system and the laws were tu
b!ame. . :
Ycung had a voluminous typewrit
ten reuort with him and he v.as be
fore the jurors for more than two
hours. According to the report. Pub
lic Admir.istnitor Fatnham owed the
County Clerk's office the sum of 51277 50
for fees on letters of administration
on estates. The report was made on
November 29 last.
Public Administrator John Farnham
was informed by the Grand Jury yes
terday afternoon that after hearing the
report of the Hasseil Audit Company
there was r.ot the elichtcrt reflection
to be cast upon the conduct of the work
of the Administrator.
The Grand Jury now proposes to do
a little probing into the methods trf the
UcfscH Audit Comrany and find out
how much that corporation has done
for the city In return for the $S900 it
has (iraTC from the treasury.
The jurors met yesterday afternoon
£t 3 o'clock ard iha only witness called
befcre them was Douglas Young of the
HaeEell Audit Company.
CARLOS IS STILL "ACTIVE
The body was shipped to-night to Red
Bluff, Cal., for interment. The de
ceased was 39 years of age and leaves
a wife, mother, two sisters ar.d three
brothers. He made a dying statement
exonerating Cook from all blame.
LOVELOCKS, Nev., Dec. 11.— A de
plorable but seemingly unavoidable ac
cidental shooting took place at the
Southern Pacific depot early this morn-
Ing, in which Agent J. W. "Walters re
ceived a bullet wound that caused his
death nine hours later. H. P. Cook of
Salt Lake, a friend, and Walters were
comparing their revolvers. The re
volver Cook carried was a Colt's auto
matic, and he was explaining the mech
anism to "Walters. The weapon had been
taken apart and the cartridges removed
from the magazine, but there was a
load in the barrel which had escaped
notice. In explaining the use of the
revolver It was accidentally discharged
and the bullet entered "Walters' ab
domen, inflicting a wound that proved
fatal. The bullet took a downward
course, punctured the intestines in sev
eral places and finally lodged in the
liver. Local medical aid- was sum
moned and Dr. "W. H. Hood of Reno.
Nevada, was telegraphed for. Upon his
arrival and after a short consultation
with the other physicians It was found
that an operation should be performed.
The wounded man was placed under an
anesthetic and remained on the oper
ating table six hours. The efforts of the
surgeons were of no avail, for "Walters
died about 6 o'clock this evening.
Agent Walters was one of the most
popular employes on the Salt Lake di
vision of the Southern Pacific. He has
been stationed at Lovelocks for the past
six years, being transferred from Red
Bluff, Cal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Provisional Government Is Not
Inclined to Accept Settle
ment of the American Claims
King's Return May Be Signal
for an Outbreak of Troubles
¦Between Minister and Cabinet
Pistol Is Discharged While
Owner Is Explaining and
Exhibiting the Mechanism
SAN DOMINGO
IS OBDURATE
Los Angeles Sheriff
Takes Colorado
Fugitive.
Inquisitors Now Propose to
Investigate Work and Cost
to City of the Book Experts
LAWS DECLARED AT FAULT
Republican Party Leaders
Hold Brief Meeting-, After
Which They Call on Roose
velt and Are Photographed
PRESIDENT EXTENDS
CORDIAL GREETINGS
MAKES DYING STATEMENT
PORTUGAL MAY
FACE CRISIS
."If the President refuses to obey the
plain words- of the Spooner act, ap
proved by him, . perhaps, suggested by
him? if he is going to override the law;
if, after having waited a reasonable
time to enter into a treaty with Colom
bia, -he now refuses to obey the lan
guage of that law and proceed to try
and negotiate a treaty with Costa Rica
and Nicaragua, then in God's- name
hurry up your canal."
• 'Mr. Williams, the minority leader,
following,- charged- that^'this was the
first time that this Government had in
terfered in :the.:<. domestic affairs of a
South American t^ountry.T He! said that
the minority side could not.- be made to
make t,he. mistake which the majority
desired it to -make. : The Democrats
want a canal, he said.-. They wanted
the Nicaragua*! canal, but if they could
not, get the canal where they, thought
it ought to be they would take it whert)
they could get it,-: and take it as they
might get it. He thought possibly the
Nicaraguan route was regarded as too
great a competitor of the transconti
nental railways.
After some further remarks on the
same line Mr. Williams, closed as fol
lows: • ¦ ,-....-'
"It was done* sedulously and care
fully, but it did ;nqt 'result in making it
vary difficult for troops to come from
Bogota. Our Government will not per
mit anybody on the line of that railway
or the crossing of the Isthmus" that
would disturb free transit, and it is be
cause the two things coincided that
men who do not look on the, matter
calmly will say that we did what we"
did to injure Bogota, when in fact we
did it to keep good faith, though it has
in jufed Bogota."' •
After reviewing the history of the act
of Congress and the negotiations with
•Colombia and the sending of a treaty
to Bogota, Mr. Hitt said the people of
Colombia thought the United States
were so bent on having a canal on the
isthmus that the game wa^easy. They
had $10,000,000. but $20,000,000 would be
better, • and Colombian papers had
urged those charged with the power to
hold out for -great sums of Yankee
money. ...
"Now it so happened ;in the course of
human events, '/which we; do not;8ruide,
but which : >it; is believed by many; an
All-Wise, '^Providence watches \ and j di
rects,'that in this case our duty in goo'd
faith under the treaty to ' keep .that"
highway open Ifell In with and brought
cut' a consequence which was grave to
Colombia. Shevhad invoked that'inter
ference before,' but it so happened that
always heretofore it was to hei\benefit.
In this case what/\ve. have' done we did
for a motive of the highest obligation
of national faifh. i '¦ ' . ' '
The President, said- Hitt, had not
'been precipitate, but .had waited a
reasonable time. "But," he added, "he
did not waste time; he never does.V
"Ordinarily," Hitt, went oh, "when a
ship is in peril and a disturbance oc
curs we land troops to protect Ameri
cans from being killed or robbed. We
have done that in France and we
would do it anywhere. "
"In the case -of Panama situa
tion was different 'from that. of any
nation on earth. We had\ a s solemn
and binding ' engagement' >\vhich' has
been impressed upon us. by, all, these
years. Often we were called upon- by
the Colombian Government, Qftener by
events, to force the obligation to keep
that path open from sea to sea; .not
to aid nor ' to suppress rebellion, but
to keep the path open;' and when we
landed troops at Colon their"duty"un
der the treaty was plain -to -let- no
armed men disturb or cause the open
free course of commerce orof move
ment in the pathway across;the ishth
mus. .; ¦ .\,.n .'. '< —'¦•¦. •- ' .•¦'''¦
Hitt • said there was nothing hasty,
or unique in the recognition of the new
republic, as it occurred five days after
the promulgation of the independence
of the republic. He made a vigorous
defense of the administration, in con
nection with the independence. of Pan
ama. '. - ' ".-¦ : v ' '¦'• y T' '. i:'
Charges Against Public Ad
ministrator by Hassell Com
pany of Auditors Ignored
Southern Pacific Employe at
Lovelocks Accidentally Shot
by a Friend From Salt Lake
Coulinued -Prom Page 1, Column 5.
NATIONAL
COMMITTEE
IN SESSION
SUSPECTED
DYNAMITER
IS IN JAIL
GRIND JURY
DROPS CASE
BULLET KILLS
STATION AGENT
TORPEDO-BOATS ARE ORDERED TO SPEED
FROM NATION^ NAVY YARD , AT MARE ISLAND
TO PANAMA COAST AND WATGJH COLOMBIA
¦ ¦• i ¦ ¦ ¦-¦•.¦ . . - . . . . - :- .
TH E SAN ' , FRAN G1SCU CAL'U S ATU K J JA Y ¦ • •yDECK M r>H K iz, IMS.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sarsaparilla is unquestiona-
bly the greatest blood and
liver medicine known. IL
positively and permanently
enres every humor, from
Pimples to Scrofula. Jt, is
the Best.
Blood Medicine,!
ADVERTISEMENTS. fj ; '
W^^^^r^B STECK PIANO
I llfinni! F° r a quarter of a century past
1 1\ 'ill W J' ml • we ave so^^ e "°^ re^ a^ e "'?^ ec ' c
Wx n-l^ff^ wl^wW- Piano everywhere, from the weird
l™Vm MW/// re S' ons °f the North to the tropic zones of
K^^^v^^^'l \slwi ie out^' anc^ urm^ a^ time we have
V \\' V t'MWii ¦ ear<^ nau Rht but words of praise for both
1 Ijiwiii Pi ano a nd The Wiley B. Allen Co.
Hh^^^m'I If If I In fact> the <<oId ' reijabie " steck has been a
*HBSfe^^^|| ! '^ffi! i ac^ or ' n tbe upbuilding of the magnificent
l^^^^^^^^^l ! business we now possess., and we are proud
IsSfc!^ of. the piano: and the piano, in exhilarating
M^^&i^^^^fe^^^X anc * entranc ' n § tones, bespeaks words of
Ili^^^^ praise for us— we are "playmates together."
V^^fflr>^^^^^^^ ur p' easant and beral terms on the Steck
i wT^wl %« '^^^S^ P^ ano w^ surel Y appeal to you.
\^J^:0^^^^^^0^Mi O.her Stores—^Oakland, Sacr. mento, San Jose and
. : ¦ ¦ •}.¦ Fresno.BALTIMORE,^ Dec., lll.-^Georga G.*
Na'chmari.'aj rioted riiuslcian and well
known; throughout -the;couritry."f6r^ his
long identification with^- union : labor,
died to-d*y \ from acute bronchitis."
Well -Known Musician Dies.
BERKELEY, Dec. 11. — The funeral
of Miss Henrietta Welcker, the young
composer, whoso promising career was
cut short by ' death, took place from
SC Mark's Church at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. A large number of friends
were present and many beautiful floral
pieces were contributed. "To Rubin
stein," one of Miss Welcker's compo
sitions, was rendered on the organ
during the services.
Funeral of Young Composer.
CARSON. Dec. ll.-_lR ev .
George R. Davis, who" has been for
twenty-five years an Episcopal cler
gyrriari in Nevada, died last, night. He
was ;7 7 years of age. He'leaves a wife
arid four children. Mrs. H. V G. Shaw of
San Francisco. William Davis of ' the
Stockton /Mail," Robert' Davis ; of the
New York World \ arid Samuel Davis,
State Controller of Nevada! Rev; Mr.
Davis ;, was a thirty-second degree
Mason.
Death' Summons' a Clergyman^
Rev. Father Thomas Q'Neil died
Thursday night at t the Dominican
monastery on Steiner street, after an
illness of, several years' duration.
Father. O'Neil was one of the oldest
Dominicans in the State, having come
to Monterey in 1854. He served his
church in Benicla and later came to
San Francisco, being placed in charge
of,SL Francis Church by Archbishop
Alemany.
_ The dead priest was one of the. men
that raised money for the building of
the Dominican Church in this city in
1879. He had been an invalid for the
last four years, a, victim of rheuma
tism. He was born .in Dungannon,
Ireland, and was 71 years of age.
The body, lay in St. Dominic's
Church all day yesterday. This morn
ing at 10 o'clock a solemn high mass
will be. said for the repose of. the dead
priest's soul. This afternoon the body
will be taken to Benicia^and interred
in the Dominican Cemetery there.
Rev. Father O'Xeil Dies.
Half cf life's sorrow is but weeping
ov»r woods.
Ed ward Daugherty, living at 2732»£
Mission street, grabbed a watch and
chain from the vest pocket' of Oscar
Rintcl, a sailor, on Pacific street last
night- Detective George McMahon
and Policeman Robert Silver captured
Daugherty and charged him with
grand larceny.
Grabs Watch and Is Canght.
BALTIMORE, Md., Dec. 11.— At to
day's session -of the twenty-third'an
nual meeting of the National Civil Re
form Association .Daniel C. Gilman
was re-elected president. ,
Daniel C. Gllman. Is Re-elected.
Picture Frame Workers' Union No.
147 elected the following officers last
evening: President, H. Gabel; vice
president, Daniel .Walsh: financial sec
retary. O. Schulz; recording secretary.
A. Haine; treasurer, William Geertz;
warden, James Hughes; trustees —
George Hauser, F. Gallagher; dele
gate to Labor Council, O. Schulz.
A resolution was presented by the
law and legislath-e committee protest
ing against the arrest of John Turner
by the English authorities. Turner'3
mission to England was in the char
acter of chief organizer of the Retail
Clerks. Turner has been arrested and
steps are being taken to return him to
the United States. President Roose
velt is to be sent the resolution, with
the request that he look Into the mat
ter, as Turner is an American citizen,'
and, they claim, is wrongfully de
prived of his liberty.
A donation of $10 was voted to his
defense fund, which amount will be
added to other moneys donated for
the purpose of his defense.
Cemetery Workers' Union No. 10,
€34 sent a complaint regarding the
action of Laurel Hill Cemetery Asso
ciation in discharging the union men
and substituting non-union men In
their stead. The union workers con
tend that, although the cemetery is
closed so far as interments are con
cerned, there is a big income to .be de
rived from taking care of the graves,
a service which the union says should
be done by its members.
Gas Workers' Union No. 9840 of
San Francisco submitted to the La
bor Council for its approval a new
schedule demanding 10 per cent in
crease, with elg\\t hours to constitute
a day's work. The schedule ranges
from $1 10 to $2 50 a day, according
to the grade of labor.
? V A question arose at a meeting of
the delegates of the San Francisco La
bor Council last night out of the dis
cussion of the Fort Bragg strike as to
whether a delegate should be sent
from here to aid the unions in the
north, or leave it to the State Federa
tion of Labor to act in the matter. As
there was a difference of opinion
about the proposals the subject was
referred to the executive committee
for action. Substantial financial as
sistance will be sent to the striking
unions.
Gas Workers* Union Demands In
crease — Fort Bragg Strikers Arc .
Assured Continued Aid.
CEMETERY WORKERS* UMOX
OPPOSE THE UNORGANIZED
The body of an unknown man was
discovered in the surf about a mile
Fouth of the Cliff House yesterday af
ternoon by a 10-year-old boy named
Carl Young. He notified Charles Lof
gren, one of the life-saving crew, and
the body was removed from the wa
ter. It had evidently not been in the
water more than two hours. The man
was dressed in a gray suit bearing
the firm name of S. N. Wood & Co.
He wore a black tie, standing collar
and a white shirt. He was about 30
years of age. In the pockets of the
deceased were a bunch of keys, a
memorandum book showing accounts
of losses and gains at the races, a
cheap watch and three link cuff but
tons, one of them bearing the port
rait of a woman. The dead man had
dark brown hair and a gold crown on
a tooth in the upper jaw.
Body Fonnd in Surf.
LA JUNTA. Dec. 11. — The Santa Fe
Railroad shops here were destroyed by
fire to-day. Seven locomotives were
badly' damaged. The loss is estimated
at $50,000.
Fire in Santa Fe Shops.
Fire Alarms Guests at Hotel.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 11.— Some excite
ment .was created amongMhe guests of
the ¦} Hotel St.' James early, this morn
ing because of a fire In Hoover's livery
stable, next door. A small blaze was
discovered in' the roof of the stable.
which is an old wooden building.
There is a great . deal of hay kept , in
the place, and had the fire got a good
start much damage .might have .re
sulted! An alarm was turned in and
the fire was soon extinguished. Many
of the guests at the hotel got up and
dressed.
DENVER, Dec. 11. — -Two revolvers,
which were stolen" from the Chicago
carbarns ..the ,. night Francis W. : Stew
art » arid i J&mes" B. Johnson were mur
dered,? have : been recovered in . Denver
pawnshops and two; pawnbrokers have
Jderitlfled-a picture of ¦ Peter . Neider-.
meter as that of the man who sold
the weapons.
Xeidcrmeier. Stole Pistols.
Carr was a Democrat In politics and
for many years was* one of the most
influential men of his party in Cali
fornia.
Though for some years entirely blind
and deaf in one i ear he exercised al
most to the very last a personal super
vision over his many business Inter
ests, and when at home was to be
found at his office every morning by S
o'clock. ?-- - ¦
In 1S66 he engaged ; in . 'staging • and
carried the first mails;between'VirginIa
City, New, and" Boiaej_ Idaho, through
a country infested b>vhostlle Indians:
From-1866; to 1870 ?he>wa«* the largest
"star rout6", mall contractor on the
Pacific Coast, his contracts amounting
to as much as $300,000 a year. For four
years he carried the mails between
Oroville, Cal., and Portland, Or. This
took him through the northern part of
the State, and, liking the countrV, he
later acquired 20,000 acres of land In
Modoc County and stocked the ranch
with horses and cattle. He also ac
quired large holdings in Monterey
County, but of late years had been re
ducing these by sales. By one of these
sales he parted with 10.000 acres of the
richest land to be found in the section,
but immediately bought an equal
amount In Northern California.
Carr was a public-spirited citizen and
identified with nearly every enterprise
of Monterey County. He was for many
years president of the Bank of Monte
rey and president of the Monterey Dis
trict Agricultural Association. He was
a member of the Board of Freeholders
which, In 1900. framed a charter, for Sa
linas City. Though a close trader, he
was quite liberal with his means. He
gave $5000 to the Odd Fellows for a
public library in Salinas and $4000 to
the South Methodist College in Santa
Rosa. He was a good friend to those
he liked and helped many a boy and
?tirl to obtain an education.
real estate and this latter, business and
stockralslng.he cameiin' time' to* devote
almost his wholeTattentloril'vi In' 1852 he
became interested in ; the Pulgas ranch
and In the fall of 1S53 moved itb'the
Pajaro Valley. He later purchased, a
part of the Salsupuedes ranch: In 1859
he moved to the Salinas Valley, where
he made h!s home.
. While there he was offered the posi
tion of postal agent of California and
arranged to start for this coast Con
gress had just passed a law authoriz
ing the War Department to furnish,
upon registration, persons going ' to
California with firearms at Govern
ment cost. General William M. Gwin
was the first man and- Jesse. D. Carr
the second to register under this law. •
Carr gave up the ¦ appointment as
postal agent and finally came on out
here to take a position as deputy Col
lector of the Port of San Francisco, un
der . Colonel James - Collier, then just
appointed^ He arrived here August 18,
1S49, preceding Collier by four months.
¦ Immediately upon his arrival Carr ac
cepted a position as deputy under the
military Collector, Mr. Harrison, and
Colonel Collier's arrival assisted in
organizing the- office on a civil basis
He remained in the position about a
year. After retiring he was elected. to
the Assembly and was made chairman
of the Committee on ; Commerce . arid
Navigation and a member of the Ways
and Means Committee. He introduced
and secured the ' passage of the first
funding bill for San Francisco, provid
ing for funding the debt at 10 per cent.
Warrants were drawing interest at the
rate of 3 per cent a month.
S Subsequent to this Carr had some ex
perience In mining and in : dealing in
Jesse D. Carr's early days were spent
on a farm and attending the country
school. At the age of 16 he left home
and spent two years at Cairo, III., and
then six years at Nashville, Tenn.,
clerking In stores. At the age of 23 he
married and with his savings, amount
ing to $1000, went Into business with a
former employer, as a partner, in Mem
phis. They did well until his partner,
who had lost his mind, involved .the
firm to the extent of $20,000. This in
debtedness Carr paid off In two years
and four years later closed out the busi
ness with $40,000 in hand. He is skid
to have built, in 1840. the first brick
house ever erected in Memphis. In
1843 he went to New Orleans and en
gaged in the cotton commission busi
ness. In which, after a time, he lost all
that he had made. The Mexican War
breaking out soon after, though con
tinuing his business in New Orleans,
he went with General Taylor's army as
a sutler and supply contractor. He
had many adventures' In that capacity
and on February 24, 1S47, lost all of his
goods, valued at $40,000. He barely es
caped, with his own life. 180 men with
the train being killed or captured. It
turned out that the capture of this
train kept General Urea, with 3000 Mex
icans, from taking part in the battle
of Buena Vista and so probably lost
the day for the Mexicans. The inci
dent brought Carr into relations with
General Taylor, which later became
very friendly.
Carr recouped his losses in Mexico
to the extent of $15,000, and > in Janu
ary, 1849, returned to New- Orleans.
There he had a second attack of chol
era (the first In 1834), and after a hard
siege recovered and went to Washing
ton to attend Taylor's inauguration.
Jesse D. Carr, himself a pioneer of
California, was born of pioneer stock
in Sumner County, Tennessee, June 14.
1S14. His people were among those
who crossed the Alleghanies in colonial
days and helped to build up and or
ganize that commonwealth. At the
time of his birth his father, with most
of the able-bodied men of the State,
was engaged with General Andrew
Jackson in warring with the Creeks
and Seminoles in the country to the
south. *
• SALINAS, Dec. 11.— Jesse D. Carr,
i the well-known pioneer, politician and
1 millionaire land owner, died this morn
! Ing at his home here, aged 89 years.
! He suddenly -collapsed last Sunday
! evening and had been unconscious
¦ since Monday. He passed away while
apparently asleep. The funeral train
leave Salinas at 11:25 a. m. Sun
: day and arrive at Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery at 3:45 p. m., where interment will
take place.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 11. — J. D- Chand
ler of Hollister was convicted of for
gery In Judge Tuttle's court to-day.
The Jury recommended him to the
mercy of the court. Chandler, who is
a man of family, was employed as a
solicitor for the Metropolitan Life In
surance Company. The form of pol
icy given Chandler was a forty-year
endowment plan. This did not prove
popular with the farmers and Chand
ler agreed to make the policies for a
twenty-year term. He drew the poli
cies for forty years and* after they
were- received back from the office In
this city changed them to read for
twenty years. Chandler waived time
for sentence and was sent to San
Quentin for one year.
Goes to the 'Penitentiary for Forgery.
DOVER, Del., Dec. 11. — The New
York '."and Montana Copper Mining
Company of * New York, capital-
JljOOO, 000,; filed- a 'certificate of Incor
poration to-day! ? Incorporatbrs: Mark
Myman,TA.;R: Campbell and Alfred L.
Curtis of- New ; York and Graham
Summer and „ Dwight W. * Morrow of
Erfglewbod.-N, J.
New Mining Company Formed.
WELL-KNOWN PIONEER AND M ILLIONAIRE . LAND OWNER, ' WHO
QUIETLY PASSED AWAY AT HIS HOME IN SALINAS YESTER
DAY, AFTER AN ILLNESS OF A FEW DAYS. •
CHICAGO. Dec. 11. — The Construc
tion News to-morrow will say: Build
ing statistics for November, much to
the surprise of the seers, show an in
crease of 25 per. cent over the corre
sponding month a year ago. Permits
were . taken out in twenty-one of the
principal cities of the country for 6282
building x improvements, aggregating
$24,619,447, against 6486. building im
provements, involving a cost of.519,
689,789, last November.
Building Is Increasing.
sign" of the comic sheet shows, is
siven to "knocking" and not infre
quently its wrath and indignation
falls on the faculty. Whether the
faculty will or will not try to even
up old scores is the question that
makes this anouncement of a faculty
edition of the Chaparral of particular
interest. President Jordan will be
editor in chief of the faculty issue and
among those who will ' assist him at
the editorial desk are Professor^ J. M.
StHIman, head of the che'mistry de
partment; Registrar O. L; Elliott, on
whom not a few of the blows from
"Chappie's" hammer have fallen, and
Professor A. W. Smith, head of the
department of /mechanical engineer
ing. Other members of the faculty
will be added to the staff next sem
ester.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 11.
— A novel issue of the Chaparral.
Stanford's . comic Journal, to be got
up entirely by members of the faculty-,
will appear some time during next
semester. "Chappie," as the cover de-
Faculty Members as Editors.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 11. — Walter Lewin
and B. Osborne are in the custody
of the police. The men came here
about a week ago and visited many
physicians, claiming they were about
to establish a collection agency. Dr.
J. F. Burns and Dr. Ulrich gave them
bills to collect. Lewin posed as man
ager of the concern and Osborne as
collector^ A few days Jater the men
returned to the physicians and stated
that in order to get the money on the
bills suits would have to be com
menced. Drs. Burns and Ulrich each
gave Lewin $7 50 for costs of the suits.
No actions were brought on the bills
and the medicos came to the belief
they had been swindled. They re
ported the matter to the police and
the arrests followed. Lewin to-day
was charged with obtaining money
under false pretenses and Osborne was
charged with vagrancy.
Alleged Swindlers Arc In Jail.
The roll call of cities brought out re
ports of improvements of municipal
conditions in all the cities represented.
The convention took a determined
stand against the suits now pending
wherein certain cities are sued because
of alleged infringements ef patents cov
ering road and street Improvement by
means of oil. The patent was declared
invalid on its face, as the use o* oil
for such purposes is not new. Similar
patents antedate the one in contro
versy, and both oil and the dust sought
to be laid are natural products and
therefore not subjects of letters cf pat
ent. All delegates were directed to in
terest their respective Supervisors and
the society was instructed to mail cop
ies cf the report on the subject to the
various cities.
Mayor Schmitz of San Francisco was
the last speaker and talked at some
length. He approved of municipal con
ventions and said he knew that any
thing that benefits California helps San
Francisco. He promised that the 517.
000.000 bond issue would be spent to
best advantage. He said during the
last r.ine months San Francisco had
$2,000,000 worth of buildings started,
while Eastern cities have decreased.
He urged the Importance of making ex
hibits at St. Louis and said that the
Supervisors upon his recommendation
were considering a municipal exhibit
there for San Francisco.
Standing committees were appointed
as follows: Engineering — Pearson of
Sacramento, Piper of San Jcse, Tell
man of Fresno. McCabe of Visalla,
D'Hemescourt of San Diego.
The following special committee was
appointed to investigate. the system of
taxation employed in States riot cm
ploylng a general property tax fc-r
State' revenue and report at the next
convention If they thought a more
equitable system could be devised for
California: Dod*ge of San Francisco,
Touhy of Tulare, Kirkbride of San Ma
teo. Baker of Long Beach and CanfleJd
c-f Chlco.
STOCKTON, Dec. 11.— At the morn
ing session of the convention of the
League of Mnnicipalities Santa Ana
was chosen as the place for the next
meeting. Sacramento- was a- candidate,
but the vote was made unanimous be
fore the roll call was completed. The
time of meeting was left to the execu
tive committee.
Officers fof the ensuing year were
elected as follows, without opposition:
President, Mayor Frank P. Frary of
San Diego; first vice president. Mayor
Stephens of Fresno; second vice presi
dent, City Attorney Coburn of Eureka:
secretary, H. A. Mason of San Fran
cisco.
"I think Chamberlain means more
than his critics give him credit for. He
sees the extraordinary power the selfish
policy of the United States has placed
in Great Britain's hands. Three courses
are open to Great Britain. They can
use their power to force reciprocity on
the States, they can use it to stimulate
emigration and food production in
countries other than the States, or they
might use It to pave the way for a
\rade alliance between the English
speaking peoples. Such an alliance
would mean a world-wide dominion of
the English-speaking peoples. We may
live to see two great world empires—
the Russian and the English-speaking.
I would guard against the United
States. They have good qualities, al
though they have sometimes descended
to sharp practice. Long and often I
have advocated a friendly alliance
between Great Britain, Canada and the~
United States, and that is why I advo
cate reciprocity with the United States,
and I desire the British zollvereln as a
step in that direction."
TORONTO, Ont., Dec. 11. — In a speech
to the Young Liberal Club Sir Richard
Cartwright, Minister of Trade and
Commerce in the Dominion Govern
ment, to-day said:
PARIS. Dec. 11.— Dr. Perriquet, con
sidered the leading witness in the Fair
will case, testified to-day before Com
missioner Eiser of New York. He said
he arrived on the scene an hour after
the automobile accident and found both
Charles L. Fair and his wife dead. The
*body of Fair was already rigid, but
that ef his wife was not rigid, Indicat
ing that the former died first. From
the condition of Fair's body the wit
ness believed his death had been In
stantaneous. The condition of Mrs.
Fair's body indicated that her death
was not instantaneous.
Dr. . Perriauet recited the case of a
woman who was murdered near the
scene oi. the accident. Her wounds,
which were in the head, were almost
Identical with these of <&Irs. Fair, the
victim living Vor many hours.
The v.itness further testified that
while he was unable to swear positive
ly whether Fair or Mrs. Fair died first,
yet his positive opinion was that Mrs.
Fair must have survived her husband.
The court has received a letter signed
"Lescour," an official of the local May
or's office near the scene of the acci
dent, saying that the porter's wife, who
found the bc-dies. told him she saw Mrs.
Fair's hand move after Fair was dead.
The cross-examination of Dr. Perri
quet will take place Monday.
BERLIN. Dec. 1L— The eight armored
cruisers that yet remain to be built
under the naval programme will ap
proach battleships In tonnage, with cor
responding increases in armor, gun
power and steaming radius. The first
of these has already been designed by
the Navy Department and will be laid
down immediately. The largest German
cruiser in course of construction is the
Roon, which was launched at Kiel In
June last. She is under 10,000 tons.
Technical writers, especially Lieutenant
General Count von Revenslow, have
been urging the Government to build
cruisers as large as those of Great
Britain, the United States and France,
with considerable coal capacity, the
armored cruisers of the German navy
having a limited field of action and in
ferior armaments. The vessels of tho
new cruiserNype will somewhat Impair
the homogeneity of the squadron, and
for this reason the Navy Department
reluctantly adopted them.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 11. —
Maida. a Japanese, v.-as hanged this
morning at Nanaimo for the murder
of two other Japanese, whom he killed
with a double-bitted ax as they lay
?.5>e«>p -n the cabin where he also
lived. The murder of the two men
wns intended to be preparatory' to the
killing of another Japanese and his
*vif«». who elept in an adjoining room.
Maida was in love with the woman
and she had repulsed him.
.Japanese Pays the Death Penalty.
Julius Martinez was a resident of
Fan Andreas. Calaveras County, and
on Sundar. July 26. 1S03. was arrested
by Constable James Casey for'disturb
ing the' peace. He was taken to jail,
and subsequently Casey entered the cell
to search the prisoner for concealed
weapons. As the officer crossed the
cell dcor Martinez, without a word of
warning, drew a revolver and fired two
thots, the bullets piercing Casey's
heart. His trial took but a short time
and a verdict of conviction was secured
on the first ballot. No appeal was
taken.^^Sbon after being brought to
prisoiiilartinez evidenced signs of in
sanity, but upon examination the
Lunacy Commission pronounced him
mentally competent! Before the con
demned man entered the scaffold room
this momins he said he would like to
make a speech, but the clergymen ad
vised against it.
SAN QUENTIN* PRISON. Dec. 11.— j
The smallest number of witnesses at j
any hanging at San Quentin saw Julius j
Martinez expiate his crime to-day. Ac- j
oorfling to law twelve witnesses must be !
present at every execution. There were
exactly twenty-nine peonte In the scaf
fold room this morning, including prison i
officials, physicians, clergymen and J
newspaper representatives. It was the j
first execution under Warden Tompkins* j
regime, and was neatly conducted. The
prisoner left the death chamber at 10:23 |
o'clock, and at 10:S0 the trap was j
sprung. Eleven minutes thereafter j
Martinez v.-as declared dead. His neck '
had been broken by the fall, but his ]
heart did not cease beat ins for eleven]
minutes.
Just about the time the noose was j
adjusted the prisoner became weak and i
had to be supported while the cap was
being put on. Rev. Fathers Phillips I
and Walsh of San Rafael and Rev.f
Orahms, the prison chaplain, attended
the condemned man. Dr. TV. F. Jones
of San Rafael. O. C. Hyde, the prison
physician, and Dr. J. M. Flint of San j
Francisco signed the death certificate.
Just Before "Trap Is Sprung
Prisoner Totters and Has
to Be Supported by Guards
Technical Writers Urge Con
struction on Plan of the
English and American Ships
Speaker Advocates Alliance
of English Speaking Peoples
Before Young Liberals' Club
Woman Who Appeared First
- Says She. Saw Wife Move Af
ter Husband's BodyWasRigid
Mayor Schmitz Promises to
Spend the $17,000,000 Bond
Issue to the Best Advantage
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED
SAYS WHIP IS BRITAIN'S
WEAKENS 6N SCAFFOLD
BUILT LIKE BATTLESHIPS
STATE3IENT IS POSITIVE
Dr. Pcrriquit for the Defense
Testifies Concerning Details
of the Automobile Accident
Delegates to the League of
Municipalities Discuss Many
Matters of Public Interest
Murderer of Constable Casey
of San Andreas Is Executed
at San Quentin Penitentiary
Well-Known Pioneer, Politician, Millionaire
Land Otvner and Stock Raiser Un
able to Rally From Sudden Collapse
Design Is Finished on the
First of Germany's New
Fleet of Light War Vessels
Sir Richard Cartwright of Can
ada Gives His Views Con
x ceraing Englishman's Policy
MARTINEZ DIES
FOR HIS CRIME
CITIES REPORT
STEADY GROWTH
NEW CRUISERS
ARE POWERFUL
WITNESS TALKS
IN FAIR CASE
CHAMBERLAIN
MAY BE RIGHT
JESSE D. CARR QUIETLY PASSES
AWAY AT HIS HOME IN SALINAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY- DECEMBER 12, 1903.
PEORIA. III., D*c. 11.— John McCrea. col
cred, who klllM Detsctive William Murphy last
June while the officer . was trying to arrest
him for stealing coal, was hang**! here to
day. He protested his Innocence on. the scaf
fold.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gem Merchants.
Gold and Silversmiths.
Manufacturers.
POST & MARKET
STREETS
Open Evenings
Dec. 1 2th to 24th.
Flavoring ex tracts and
spices arc apt to be coarse
or weak; Schilling's Best arc
as fine and strong as nature
affords.
mmt your £T-* cr sj icti
ADVERTISEMENTS. . r . . "
I Novels and Novelettes a
I Famous Writers / I
I Will appear in the Magazine next year.^A few~afeT y 6 j
I r- Frances Hodgson Burnett. George Barr McCutcheon. " i
i A quaint, beautiful child story by the A love farce by the author of "Grau- [j
I] -. author of "Little Lord Fauntleroy" stark" and 'Castle Craneycrow •• H
J ? en^y : I 5^ rl f an A* t loye J d Z l Irving Bacheller. A delight-' j
I • ;™ th a Ne*r England background, by fu , st with charm and m ¦
I the author of "The Cardinal's Snuff- of " Eben Holden " f|
I Box' 1 . . ' ' ' r
I Stewart Edward White. A Booth Tarklngton. A series |
w novel of the desert by the author of of political stories by the author of }]
1 " The Blazed Trail "and "The Forest" " The Gentleman from Indiana f l- * q
i •¦"¦.--. iSS^tE M
I BMHfiWW » 1 *< 1
* I Every number of McClure's for 1904 will also contain articles)' ¦ {. . * j]
i of the greatest interest on s subjects of burning national] .*. ' A
I . importance— articles which make McClure's Magazine "the \ * |!
1 • GOOD SHORT ' tSTORIEvS mm n
I " McClure's is justly famous for the best short stories i u
I that are published in English." Every.number in 1904 will p
I have at least six. You may not always know the writer— but if [j
I his story is in McClure's it is a good one. hi
II SPECIA.L Subscribe now for McClure's for 1904 — and, get the W
H " J ~ t .-w*-M*-rs<v+ November and December nnmbers of this year FREE. t]
H OF JTEIx. \ S..S. McClare Co., 617 Lexington Bldg.. N.' Y. City. | ; U
1 McCture^s-r-W Cents a Copy T -$1.00 a Year— at Any Price the Best jLOCOMOTIVE OF THE ALAMEDA .LOCAL. TRAIN THAT WAS DAMAGED IN A COLLISION YESTERDAY
MORNING WITH AN EXTRA FREIGHT TRAIN ON" A SOUTHERN PACIFIC SWITCH AT THE FOOT OF
MYRTLE STREET. . ' ', I
Thieving Laborer Goes to Penitentiary.
WOODLAND, Dec. H.— Bert West,
a farm laborer, was to-day sentenced
to three years in. Folsom. State prison
on his plea of- guilty to a charge of
felony embezzlement. He was ar
rested in this city yesterday for steal
ing an overcoat, a watch and chain
and several articles of wearing ap
parel from a friend, R. R. Brown, at
Blacks Station last Saturday. West
pawned the property, in Sacramento,
got drunk and 'returned to Woodland,
where he was arrested.
street yards and ran along the siding
until -near the; Myrtle street' switch. A
brakeman ran ahead- to set the switch,
but the head engine was moved' too
near the main line to be 'stopped in
time'.'Igl^ggp^gHi
.; : . Superintendent Palmer, will not place
responsibility -until' after he has com
pleted his official inquiry. '
This is the best value you ever made
for a long time. Seventy-two different
styles of $2.6<T shoes; good quality;
union-made, and our own make. Water
proof, shoes to keep your feet dry. Made
by Healey Shoe Co.* 639 Eleventh st. •
$3.50 Shoes for $2.85.
J. Costodio swore to a complaint
before Police Judge Cabanlss yester
day charging J. W. Rosa, a friend,
with obtaining money by false pre
tenses. He said that Rosa Jeft with
him a S100 note on December 5 and
had drawn $70 on it. He had discov
ered that the note was ¦ worthless, as
it was simply one of the "budget"
notes used in commercial colleges.
Was an Easy Victim.
LONDON, Dec. 11.— The Westminster
Abbey authorities have declined to per
mit Herbert' Spencer to be sepulchred
in the British Valhalla. They were in
formally approached, but expressed re
gret that it was impossible. The ques
tion of religion could not have entered
into the decision, as Darwin is buried
there. Prime Minister Balfour.who had
many controversial bouts with. the late
philosopher, expressed, himself favor
able to burial in the abbey, but the
dean and chapter proved adverse.
SPENCER CANNOT REST
IN WESTMINSTER ABBEY
A fire broke out in the upper part of
the. residence of John R&pp, 1461
Page street, at 1 o'clock this morning.
The alarm was given arid .the engines
were soon on the scene, and after a
short" while the. flames were extin
guished. Mr. Rapp, of the firm of
John Rapp "& Son,' and "his family es
caped from the house soon "after . the
fire was discovered. The principal
damage was done to the front part of
the dwelling and the torrents of water
poured into the upper rooms destroyed
a quantity of furniture. The, origin of
the fire i3 attributed to' a defective
wire between the walls of the upper
story. • <¦ v ¦•< >¦:': '" ' £''.
Early 3Iornfns Blaze.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 11.— Cataldo Michele,
one of the partners of a firm who lost
a large quantity of wine by a fire last
Saturday night, to-day filed charges
against Chief of the Fire Department
Richard Brown; f whom he accuses of
acts ¦ of oppression and tyranny and
conduct Injurious to the public peace.
He particularizes that Brown, in the
Interest and employ of certain insur
ance "companies and falsely represent
ing himself as a police officer, arrested
him and kept him for two hours a pris
oner in a room in the St. James Hotel
on Deeemher 9.
Files Chnrges Against Fire Chief.
VIENNA, Dec. 11.— According to a
dispatch from Belgrade the German,
Austrian and Turkish Ministers are
preparing to leave the city, ostensibly
for a Ions holiday. The Russian and
Italian representatives have' already
left Belgrade pn a similar pretext.
The real reason for the exodus of the
diplomats, however, is said to be that
King Peter has negatived the demands
of these Ministers for the punishment
of the assassins of King; Alexander
and Queen Draga.
FOREIGN MINISTERS
ARE LEAVING BELGRADE
Calif ornlans In New York.
NEW "YORK. -Dec. 11. — The'follow.
ing ' Calif ornlans • have arrived : ,
San FranciscoH— Mrs. V. Baird, at
the Netherlan,d; I.' I. Brown, at the
Hoffman; Mrs. F. H. Hilbert, at the
Belvedere; B. W. Lang, at the Man
hattan; II. Lochman, at the Hoffman;
Miss A. J. Rooney, at the Netherlands
H. McD. Spencer, at the Park Avenue;
J. W.'Cpffroth and Mrs. Coffroth, at
the Holland; M.' Jones, at. the Hoff
man; S.'H.* May , v at the Rossmore; J.
T. McDevltt. Tat "the Hoffman; H. F.
Pond and J. ; H. Garrett, 'at'the Im
perial.
Los Angeles — H. A. Cutler, at tha
Victoria; O. O. Edwards and wife, at
the Holland; Mrs. A. Maler.' P. Thome
and Mra. D. C. Thorne, at the Gilsey.'j ,
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— Manager
Wells of the Santa Fe is out of the
city, but other Santa "Fe officials here
take no stock in the rumor that the
Santa Fe company will move its offices
to San " Francisco.
"I believe the story was made out
of whole cloth at San Francisco," said
Treasurer Holterhoff to-day. "Nothing
has been heard of the alleged change
of quarters down here, and I do not
believe a word of the rumor is true."
It is pointed out that the Santa Fe
company leased a large part of three
floors In the Conservative Life Build
ing for a period of ten years only
twelve months ago, when it moved
from the old quarters in the Bradbury
Block. This indicates that the com
pany had no intention of removing its
general offices from" Los Angeles at
that time.
Officials in Los Angeles Deny the Ru
mors That Headquarters Arc to
Be In San Francisco.
SANTA FE OFFICES
WILL NOT BE MOVED
Judge Sloss holds that the places in
question are civil service positions, but
that the men are holding them legally,
first because of their-appointment as
regular members of the Fire Depart
ment prior, to^ the existence of the
Civil Service Commission and second
ly, because \ they were placed .under
civil service by the reorganization of
the department.
Gleason ¦ petitioned the Superior
Court for a writ of mandate compell
ing the Commissioners to declare the
positions held by these men vacant on
the ground that they were doing the
work of machinists at the corporation
yard; He wanted the positions filled
by men from the classified civil ser
vice list of machinists, of whom he ia
one.
Luke Curry,* T. S. Bolger, C. H.
Knorp, F.\ C. Lester, A. Gerot and J.
Harrington, members of relief i and
emergency companies of the San
Francisco Fire Department, are en
titled to hold their positions by virtue
of an ordinance passed by the Board
of Supervisors on January 21, "1896.
Judge Sloss so decided yesterday in
his decision in the case of William
Gleason against the Board of Fire
Commissioners.
Rules That Members of Relief and
Emergency Companies Are Legal
ly Entitled to Their Positions.
SLOSS SUSTAINS THE BOARD
OF FIRE COMMISSIONERS
Engineer Hammond of the^local train
claimed that he /was ' running, under a
right of way and that the freight train
crew was , in error for moving . out on
the main line against a semaphore sig
nal that should have protected .the' lo
cal, until it had passed Broadway, eight
blocks further east. Hammond declared
that ' fhe , -semaphore, which # was fifty
feet:" west, of the s witch '>\ where he hit
the freight, showed a clear track ahead.
Hammond and his fireman both saw
the freight train moving ? slowly ; along
the siding; but did , not observe ; it>: run
onto- the v rnain ; line track until. too late
to" avoid \ the collision, ~, "'"'.", '. « * ' < \ ,:;¦
The freight train ' left the Peralta
Division Superintendent W.S. Palm.
er and' Master "Car' Repairer' Engel
bright- were at the wreck soon- after
the collision had occurred^ Superin
tendent Palmer ;." directed the work of
clearing the tracks and gave orders for
all of the train crews involved to re
port to him to-morrow for an investiga
tion/ < ¦
CLAIMS RIGHT OF WAY. !
Out of the mix-up the Alameda en
gine tore away from the cars and ran
down the track 100 yards before it was
stopped. : .; The three ] locomotives had
their running gear badly smashed, and
the trucks of the two coaches were
ripped but, dropping the bodies of the
cars on the tracks. As soon as possible
the wrecking outfit from the West Oak
land* yards was In service, and after
two hours the tracks were cleared suf
ficiently for' the resumption of inter
rupted traffic. " During the morning
trains >vere run around the scene on a
spur track. ¦¦•••.. •.
Conductor W.' J. Keyes was in charge
of the extra freight/ which was headed
for Sacramento. : . ; ' } ;. - '''¦' ' '-'. f-',
As the forward freight 'locomotive
poked its front on - the main line
"crash" the Alameda engine piled into
it and tore along. The freight caught
the passenger engine's tender and rip
ped the sides out of two passenger cars
before both trains had been stopped.
The forward freight engine was in
charge of. Engineer Owen L. Shaw and
Fireman Albert Lassee.' P. G. Burns
and Fireman John- C. Anton were in
the second locomotive's cab.
ENGINE PLOW'S THROUGH.
OAKLAND, .Dec. 11.— Fog and- care
lessness combined to cause a collision
this morning at 6 o'clock" between an
Alameda "local" passenger train and
an extra freight train at a switch at
the foot of Myrtle street on the First
street Southern Pacific Company's
track. None of the train crews were
injured, and the damage was confined
to smashed locomotives and two pas
senger coaches.: The "local" was car
rying no passengers, being en route to
Park-street station, Alameda, for the
first trip to the pier.
The passenger train was bound East.
In charge was Conductor Alexander
Buchanan. Engineer Horace A. Ham
mond and Fireman -Gus Ruley were in
the engine cab. They were running
through the morning mist at twenty
miles an hour, when the engine reach
ed the , switch opposite Myrtle street.
There a "double-header" freight with
two locomotives was started out on the
main line, striking eastward on the
same track upon which the "local" was
moving.
"FOXY GRANDPA" WILL
SHOW AT CALIFORNIA.
Company Is Composed of Well Known
Theatrical Folk and Fine Run
Is Assured.
San Francisco theatergoers are tak
ing unusual interest in the coming to
the California Theater on Sunday
night of Joseph Hart and Carrie de
Mar in their musical comedy success,
"Foxy Grandpa." 'The advance sale
is the largest in the history of the pop
ular Bush-street playhouse.
¦ For the last two seasons "Foxy
Grandpa" has been a success in the
principal Eastern cities. The com
pany numbers fifty, including a strong
array of principals, "show" girls and
chorus girls.
Joe Hart is probably the best known
and most popular comedian that ever
visits this part of the country. His
last appearance here was at the Or
pheum' several years ago, where, in
conjunction with Carrie de Mar, he
played the longest engagement ever
recorded in local vaudeville. Hart
first came into prominence with Fred
Hallan in "The City Directory," and
afterward in "Later On." Other not
able people in the pretentious cast in
clude Carrie de Mar, Eugene Redding,
the original Frenchman . in "Why
Smith Left -Home"; Ben Hassan, C.
J. Williams, George Pearce, John T.
Ray. Bobby Harrington and Harry
JPilcher, '/the boys."; Fleurette de Mar,
Marquita- Dwight, Henry. Ackerman
and others. ; : -sji
Working Vor the Boys.
Owing to the crowded condition of
the action of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association devoted to youths be
tween the ages of 12 and 16 it haa
been found necessary to consider the
furtlif r extension of the wort in vari
ous! parts of ihe city. The first exten
sion department was opened a month
ayoj in the spacious basement of Cal
vari- Presbyterian Church.- A ffymna-
Elum has been erected and the base
ment is used also as a'drill hall.' The
boyp meet there Monday and Tuesday
afternoons f«r physical culture worif
undscr the direction of A. Claude
BraxJen. The nigrht school for work
ing boy? is also overcrowded and there
is now a demand for extension in that
department.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hamilton and Lucy Morgan to Bernard J.,
Arthur J. and Guetave O. Klotz. lot on S line
of Post street. 0C:ll>\ E of Polk, E 19:7U by
S 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Hart
land *Lav.\ . lot on \V line of Van Ness avenue,
C6 N of Pacific avenue. N «G by \V 12*: 5 :¦
Howard Trumbo (by F. H. Eichbaum and
James A. White, trustees) to Isaac I.evlngston.
lot on SE corner of Sattcr and Octsvia streets,
E ?5 by S 110. trustees' deed; $11,000.
City and iTour.tv of San Franci3co tc Wells,
Fanto & Co., lot on N line of Washington
street. 114:3 B of Stelner, E 23:3 by N 127:8V»;
Same to Lisette J. Dinkelspiel, lot on S line
of Clay street fcl :3 E of Scott, E 25 by S
100; $ .
Same to Antoni Ziegelmeyer. lot on S line
of Gclden Gate avenue, 25 E of Stott, E 25
by S 109:6; $ .
Same to Bella A. Gilbert (wife of James D.).
lot on S line of Page street. 1!<1:3 E of Scott.
E 25 by S 137:6; 9 .
Elizabeth Kearns to Elizabeth Samud, lot
nn E line of Scott street. 137:6 N of HalKht,
X -'5 by E 106:3; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company,
lot on NW corner of Sacramento and Devisa
dero streets. N 2«:S'i by \V 100: t .
Balrd estate to Albert M. Whittle, lot oa
BE corner of Ashbury and Halght fcireet's, B
25 by S 100; $10.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to John
H. Boyson. same; $10. •
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Emeline A.
O'Neill, lot on W line of Masonic avenue. 114 :<}
N of Waller street, N 28, W 100, S 5, W ti:3.
S 23. E 100:3; $10.
Same to Calvin R. Worrell, lot on W line,, of
Masonic avenue. 32:8 N of Waller street, N 27
by W 100:3; $10.
Redmond W. and Grace S. Payne to George
F. Beveridge, lot on W line of Central avenue.
67:84 N of Jackson street. N 40 by W 90; $10.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Angel*
Beaudry, lot on SE lfne of Market rtre«t and N
of Duboce. E 113:6ii, N 19:7»i, NW 58:9^3.
SW 93:1; $ .
Same to Carl Eberspacber, lot on 8 line of
Nineteenth street, 05 W cf Folsom. W 25 by S
«5; $ .
Anna W. Erikson (Witter) (wife of Andrew)
and Arthur R. and Marguerite Rochambeau to
Emma M. McCabe. lot on E -line of Sanchez
htreet. 110 S of Ridley. S 25 by E 125; $10.
Jeffrey Power* <by Murray F. Vandall, com
missioner) to Margaret Groghegan. lot on W
line of Sanchez street, 103:6 S cf Sixteenth, S
25 by \V 100; $1270.
Frederick Dittmer to Metta Dlttmer, undivid
ed M of lot on W'line of Hampshire street, 227
S of Twentieth, N 25 by W 100; gift.
Lemuel, alias James L.. and Mary J. Arthur
to Michael and Annie E.,McDonaM, lot on N
line of Eighteenth street. 50 W of Colling
wood. W 25 by N 75; $10.
Annie C. and Jameg. Morrice (Morris) to
Mary K. Caldwell. lot on E line of Diamond
ttreet. 149 S of Seventeenth, 8 60 by E 125; $10.
John H. Saunders to Giacomo Orsl, lot en
s' line of Washington street. 20S:5 E of
Kearny. N 100 by E 26:11%; ?10.
Catherine Mcllvalney to 'August Malnze*.
Nicolas Kremer and Frank J. Carrcll. lot on
NW line of Jessie street. 323 SW of First.
SW 18 by NW <52; $159. '
John Mcllvalney to same. sam»: $150.
Henry and Catherine Ohlandt to Hermann
and FVledertcke Waesmann, lot on NE corner
cf Twenty-fourth street and Potrero avenue,
N 75 by E CO; $.10. .
Carrie F. Smith to Elmer L. Smith. lot on
B line of Solano street. 100 W oi Tennessee,
E 50 by S 100; $1.
.William H. and Georglna' Buckler to Pan
Francisco and Fresno Land Company, lot com
mer.clne 107:0% ,W of Fifth avenue and 325
N of Lake street. NW 50:6%, E 295:10»i, S
28:0ii. W 237:9%; $10.
Mary E. Stewart to Charles B. Humbert, lot
or. E Use of Tenth avenue, 100 N of California
street. X 25 by E 120; $10.
Holomon and Dora Getz to Airnes Grlswold,
lot on K line of Ninth avenue. 125 8 of Clement
street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Albert M. Esterle to Hannah Wilson, block
boundul by Seventeenth and Eighteenth ave
nues and W and X streets; $10.
Emclle .foost (Fcnnts) to Joseph F. Dolan.
lot on W line of Idaho street, 75 S of Powhat
tan. S 25 by \V 100. block 3, Barman Tract;
$10. - .
Joseph K. Dclan to Frank 'A^and Christine
Carlson, lot on W line of Bradford (Idaho)
street. 75 S of Powhattan. R 25 by W 100, block
«, Jonar Barman Tract; $10.
Mary and Thomas Dennlson or Dannison to
James T. Harnatk. lot on S lin* of Montcalm
street. ISO E of Alabama, E 25 by S 100. Pre
cit*. Valley 2(W and 207; $10.
J. C. and Bertha Bates to John W. Glblin,
lots 17 and 20. block X, Park Lane Tract a;
$10.
Builders' Contracts. .
J»an M. Boyd. trustee estate of Alexander
Boyd 'owner) with A. J. McNIcoll Elevator
Company (contractors), architect Nathaniel
BiaisdeU— .PaeSenger elevator-, for a three-story
brick bulMinjron NW jcorner of Battery and
Pine streets. N 45:10 b>' W. 137:6; $2800
Feme cwner with Ridhard Rice- fcont'ractor)
architect eamej— Plujnblcp. taa fitting etc.. for
same r.n same; $.1400.
Harry F. V nod*. Edward- Barry. Charles G.
Mlnifte and T. J. Kyops. trustees Frank? II
Woccs Trust <owpei£) wlth-B.T. Owsley (con
tractor y. architects H. H. Meyers and C R
Ward— Alteration* and , additions to <* . three
atory *rtfk.bul!ding: at 121 and *2S Montgomery
Flcrmce B. JUckerby (owner) with Jo»eph F.
BoeMrkeOcfcntractor). architect AH work
for a.thr*e-»tory frame buUdiiut 'Hate), on w
lino of -Capp. street. M W of Twenty-flfth.
fp«.lncaHcnn read W line -of Capp. 29 S of
TwMity-nfrh. -2fl -toy . 7rt:* $4720. '
Annie BellstecJt (owner) with Cecil A. Hen
rhaw ?contractor), architect C. J.- Colley All
wcrk except lumber,, plumbing, pa* fixtures.
Tnantele and window tftiadea for a two-atory
(ram* bulldlr.R on E line of Foltom. street. 135
N of T* enty-timt. N 25 br E 122:6; -$3*02.
Marriage Licenses,
OAKLAND. Dec. 11.— The following
marriage licenses. were issued by the
Coupty Clerk to-day: William C. Yaw,
43, .and Kntie TilloUon,. 35, .both of
Alaineda; Joseph Rex. 30, and Rosie
Sebrey. 31. both of Oakland.
Miners to Meet' In Portland.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. \x.~ Th« mem
bers of the executive committee of the
American Mining Congress to-day com
pleted the preliminary arrangements
for the convention, which will meet in
Portland August 22. 1904. Nearly double
the $3000 guarantee fund which was re
quired by the association was ra.lsed
during the -afternoon among Portiand
business men. . . ,
Rnbbi Opens Course of Lectures.
. Rev. Jacob- Nieto, rabbi of the Con
gregation Sherith Israel, opened :hls
regular winter course of Friday night
lectures at the synagogue, corner of
.Taylor and Post streets, last night.
The edifice was fairly well filled and
'pome beautiful music was rendered by
the choir. The rabbi took for his sub
ject a recent book on the Conversion
of the Jews and in his scholarly man
ner tore it to shreds. He advanced
the belief that all of the ethics and
: philosophy of the Christian religion
j was of Jewish birth and only the hand
;*of might had kept the Jewish religion
from being the foremost monotheistic
.doctrine of .the world. Instead of . a
conversion, of the Jews he pleaded' for
a revertion of Christian to the mono
theistic theory of. theology, first .ad
vanced by Israelistic philosophers a*nd
kept alive through two thousand years
of barbarities and persecutions, '• ,
. Dr. Voorsanger has discontinuedjiis
weekly lectures for the winter season
because his congregation evinced', no
particular desire to attend them.
Signal Corps Dance.
The anhuar assembly of the signal
corps, National. Guard of California,
was given in the ballroom of the Pal
ace Hotel' last evening. •¦" It was ; a
success in r every way and. nearly, every
one present participated in the'en
joyments of the dance. Mrs. A. W.
Foster, Mrs. E. # A.. Self ridge, Mrs. D.
E. Miles and Mrs. S. J. He.ndy were, the
patronesses of- the • occasion. : The
committee in charge was composedtof
George- M.- Scott, ..A.^- E. - Webber,
Charles W.' Jones, Elliot M. Cofer and
D. J. Josue.
Contest Will of Their Brother. ,
SAN ~JOSE, Dec. ll.'— -Mrs. .Susan
Davis. Pauline J. Stone and C J. Stone
to-day filed a "contest- torttre\rill of
their brother. Clarence Lee Stone,
•yhom 'they .allege' to. have been of
jwjfakened health .and .mind_by 4 reason
of the use of morphine and thus easily
and unduly influenced by his cousin,
Miss j Magjrie Stone, • to "whom Ih'e -left
his entire estate, valued at'$750.
Frank M. Stone, formerly engaged in
the law business in this city, but now
residing in New York, arrived. at the
Palace yesterday.
F. T. Boles and F. L. Finkenstaedt.
prominent lumbermen of Duluth, ar
rived from the East last night and are
guests at the Palace.
Lieutenant" Colonel C. H. Lauch
heim. United States Marine Corps, ar
rived j at the Palace yesterday on his
way to the Philippines, where he haa
been assigned- to duty.
W. F- Parker, assistant claim asjent
of the Southern Pacific Company, is up
from Los Angeles and staying at the
Lick. - •; •• ¦ V ' i'^'i
Colonel E. A. Forbes, a well known
attorney of Marysville, is registered
at the Grand.
Ross Cline, Pacific Coast represent
ative of the Wabash road, is up from
Los Angeles and staying at the Grand.
Macy P. C. Clark of Santa Cruz is at
the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. I. Dickson of Portland
are at the Palace.
F. A. Hihn, a capitalist cf Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace.
C..H. Wideman, a merchant of Gon
zales, is at the Grand.
Edward Berwick, a. business man of
Pacific Grove, is at the Grand.
Rev.. Frank P. Gilman. a missionary
from China, is at the Occidental.
H. Z. Osborne, United States Mar
shal at Los Angeles.* la at the Palace.
D. C. Demarest, a mining man of
Angels Camp, is registered at the
Lick.
PERSONAL.
I Martin Kelly was a Witness for the
prosecution. His testimony was un
important, but he hung around the
courtroom for days after giving his
evidence and took a keen interest in
the proceedings.
John H. Powell, who was with Sul
livan at the time of the killing, will
appear for trial on December 14, but
the case will have to be continued, as
the Milton murder trial will com
mence that morning.
The jury in the case of Charles Sul
livan, charged with the murder of
Special Policeman Robert' A. Sample,
came into Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday morning and returned a ver
dict of murder in the second degree.
Sullivan was ordered to appear for
sentence on January 9.
The verdict, although evidently a
compromise one, Is looked^npon with
satisfaction by the District Attorney's
office in view of the influences that
were alleged to have been at work on
behalf of the defendant. Assistant
District Attorney Ferral, in his ad
dress to the jury, boldly asserted that
deliberate perjury had been commit
ted by rriore than one witness for the
defense and the District Attorney may
bring the matter before -the Grand
Jury.- - . " • "
Jury Returns Compromise Verdict in
Cnse of diaries Sullivan. Who
Killed Robert A. Sample.
CONVICTED OF MURDER
ix the Second degree
An Interlocutory decree of divorce
was granted to-day to Frederick J. Ed
ward?, who conducts a fish market at
914 Washington street, from Carolina
Edwards by Judge on the
ground of cruelty. A satisfactory ad
justment of their property interests was
arranged out of court. The husband
is also given the custody of the two
minor children. Ralph O. and Mabel Ed
wards. The marriage thus dissolved by
the court occurred In 1S78.
Julius Kruttschnitt. general manager
of the Southern Pacific, is to be called
as a witness in the case. It Is said that
he i3su 1 passes over the road under
his charge for Spofford and Mrs. Lit
t—11. ' • C
Mrs. Littrell appeared in court with
her attorney this morning and asked
Judge Greene to make an order award
ing her $300 attorney's fees and a tem
porary allowance of $100 a month until
the flpal settlement of the case. In
reply to this Judge Greene said: ."I
will allow you $10 for the costs of court
and not a cent more. If you have been
guilty of the acts charge* against you
I shall not see your husband mulcted."
Littrell charges his wife Avith having
toured the country with W. E. Spofford.
employing, agent for the Southern Pa
cific Railway Company, as hia wife.
Spofford employed Littrell and sent him
off to Arizona and other places while*
Mrs. Littrell stayed behind. One day
Littrell returned home unexpectedly
and found his wife absent from home.
He finally located, her In a flat at 41S
Turk street. San Francisco. He then
began divorce proceedings-
There was little satisfaction for Mrs.
Mattie E. Llttrell in the intimation
given by Judge W. E. Greene this
morning when he said that if she were
guilty of the jcharges made against her
by her husband, I. E. Littrell, in a di
vorce suit, she could expect no relief
from the court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Dec. 11.
The Ladles' Auxiliary of the Society
cf California Pioneers will plant a se
quoia near the '49 camp in Golden Gate
Park next Saturday.
Sealed proposals were opened for
small quantities of hay, oats, fuel, lum
ber, etc., to last until March 1 next.
Awards were made to the lowest bid
ders. The Western Fuel Company gets
the contract for cement. 200 barrels, at
$2 £» a barrel in the city or $2 45 at
the park: pine, 3x12, tongued and
grooved, was awarded to Walter Dick
ens at J25 per 1000; the Western Fuel
Company gets the contract for coal at
these figures: Pennsylvania anthracite,
S14 per ton; Welsh anthracite. t$13 50;
New Wellington. ?S; Beaver Hill, $6 50.
H. C. Ellis pets the contract for wheat
hay at 517 per ton and oat hay at ?15
pey ton. E. Aigeltinger gets the rolled
barley at J25 per ton, bran at $20 per
ton and rolled oats at $1 35 per 100.
Lime goes to Algeltinger at $1 55 per
barreL )
The secretary was directed to get all
possible information concerning the
lease and occupancy of a park reserva
tion bounded by Hooper. Channel.
Fourth and Fifth streets. It transpires
that the board is not receiving any re
turn for the use of the premises and
has no official knowledge that ' the
promisee are leased. . . -
William Bartell claimed 5100 for a
peacock and two white swans sent
from New York. He may be paid if
he sends another swan to replace one
that died.
Tulare Trustees acknowledged the
receipt of a pair of elk from the park.
A. Hupb.es \xaa awarded $73 50 for
time lost owing to injuries received at
the Dutch windmill.
Superintendent McLaren reported
thet Columbia Square improvements
were progressing and that 261 men were
at work on parks and square? during
November. Receipts at the children's
quarters were $1179 65 for the month.
President Spreckels appointed Com
missioners Sullivan, Altman and Lloyd 1
a committee to designate the location
of the proposed monument. The board
was informed that the design for the
£tatu<? would be furnished by an artist
of California. .
Resolved, That the chairman of the board
select a committee t« confer with the Most
Rev. Archbishop Riordan in reference to the
ti;e for said statue of Father Junipero Serra.
Whereas, The bay and Mission and Prenidio
of Pa:i J-Vancisco owe their names to Father
Jur.J^ero Serra and to him alone.
Resolved, That this Board of Park Com
missioners feels honored by the fa-.t that it
>¦«• beer, trade on* of the means of com
rnemorstics ' in a email wey the ¦ name and
memory of the illustrious Kranciicaii. Father
Junipero ferra.
A session of the Board of Park Com
rr.lssioners was held yesterday after
noon at the Lodge in Golden Gate
Park, President A. B. Spreckels pre-
Fidir-g. Commissioners Frank J. Sulli
van and AJtman, Superintendent Mc-
Laren and Secretary de Succa also
intended the meeting.
The following letter from Archbishop
Riordan was presented to the commis
sion:
ST. MARTS CATHEDRAL.
SA.N FRANCIScX>. Dec. 10. 1903.
Hen. Frank Sullivan— Dear Sir: A cectle
n-.an of thii city. Hon. Jarr.es D. Phelan, has
tno.it generously offered to place in Golden
Oate Park a. f utue of Father Jiniiero Serra,
tr* founder of th«- Franciscan Missions, pro
lided the Park Commis.'ioners tvilt rive the
required jjermfuston. I «hall reel deeply Rrate
fuj to you if at the next meeting of the board
>ou will introduce a resolution to that effect
und ask the meirbern of the board to adopt it.
1 em fcure thfci the adoption of such a measure
art]] meet with the hearty approval cf a'.l who
love tbis State. Sincerely your*.
P. W. KIORDAX.
Archbishop cf San rrsneisco.
On motion of Commissioner Sullivan,
seconded by Commissioner Altman, this
resolution was unanimously adopted:
Whereas. The Most Rev. Archbishop Riordan
lias this day requested the Cnard of Park
C'orcrcissicnere tr> receive a t-tatvie of the il
luetrioue Junipero F^rra. founder of the Fran
ciscan Mirsions of California, to bv 'iunated by
Hon. James D. Phelan. and. tf f he desirn ig
Fatirfactory. to yelect a site for the same in
Golden Grte Tark; and
TVhfTe-c*. It appears just and proper that
the pioneer of plcnc-rs of the irtste of Cali
fornia, nhsse devoted spiritual children as
early as 17C9 crotyed this very eround of
Golden Gate Park on their way from I-aeuna
de la Merced to Lobos i'cint in ihtlr mission
of civilization; and
Whereas, The history of California of the
j>ast is the record of progressive ftepg from
paganism to Christianity, evidenc-eu by the
mlfflons erected through the !nb ..- of Father
Jur.ii*>ro Serra; and
. TACOMA, Dec. 11.— The finding of
nearly a half-bushel of counterfeit sil
ver coins in the bottom of Tacoma
harbor is taken by secret service of
ficers as evidence that a gang of coun
terfeiters is doing a wholesale business
in Alaska and sending their product to
Puget Sound. A big hydraulic dredger
belonging to the North American
Dredging Company of San Francisco
brought the coins up from' the bottom
of the city channel several days ago.
About the same time the Seattle detec
tives arrested Jake Claussen, on whom
were found dies for 50, 25 and 5 cent
coins, together with several counterfeit
half-dollars, one spurious quarter and
one nickel. Investigation shows that
after Claussen returned to Tacoma
from Alaska, about October 1, he re
mained here as watchman of the steam
er Arthur B until three weeks ago.
The coins brought up by the dredger
were found exactly where the Arthur
B was lying while Claussen was watch
man. Claussen claims the coins found
on him were given him by a man from
Alaska. The officers believe he threw
the coins overboard because suspicious
that his actions were being watched.
"I do not know what action Fed
eral authorities will take in the matter
now. Bonetti has become a public
charge ! in the legal sense of the word
and ,1 presume can now be deported.
He will be sentenced next week and
will be safe for some time to come."
The matter was also reported to the
Federal authorities with a view to hav
ing him deported as an anarchist, but
no evidence cc-uld be found connecting
him with anarchist societies. Another
clause of the immigration act, however,
allows an immigrant to be deported
who becomes a public charge within
two years after landing in the country.
Bonetti was found guilty of assault
with a deadly weapon, which is a re
duction of the offense charged against
him, the maximum penalty for which
is two years in prison. In speaking
of the matter of dei>ortation. Deputy
District Attorney Harris said:
' Joseph Bonetti, the alleged anarchist,
was found Ruilty of assault with a
deadly weapon by a jury this evening
and imprisonment and final deporta
tion from the country may be the re
sult of his act. •
Bonetti had only been in the country
fifteen days from Italy, when he stab
bed Patrick Coughlan, a night watch
man at LIvermore. He was arrested
and charged with assault with Intent
to commit murder.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Dec. 11.
Detectives Charge Jacob Claus
sen With Being One of the
Gang Making False Currency
Purse of, Plaintiff Will Be
Protected Pending Adjudi
cation of His Allegations
District Attorney , Has Xo
Knowledge of Intention of
the Federal Authorities.
ALIMONY IS fiKFUSED HEK
CAN NOW BE DEPORTED
Joseph Bonetti, the Alleged
Anarchist, Found Guilty of
Assault With Deadly Weapon
DISCOVERY CAUSES ARREST
Dredger at Work in Tacoma
Harbor Brings Up a' Large
Amount of Counterfeit Money
THE ARCHBISHOP'S LETTER
James I). Phelan to Render
Homage to Illustrious Found
er of Franciscan ; Missions
Contracts for Cement, Hay
and Fuel Awarded - Work
Progresses at Columbia Square
Court Tells Mrs. Littrell She
3Iust Clear Herself of Charges
or Suffer the Consequences
BOGUS SILVER
COINS IN BAY
PARK TO ME
SERRA STATUE
MAY BE SENT
BACK TO ITALY
JUDGE SCORES
ACCUSED WIFE
THE •• SAN- FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1903.
Fog and Carelessness Cause a Collision That Rips Out Car
Trucks, Tears Tenders to Pieces gnd Injures Locomo
tives, Though Rare Good Fortune Spares Human Life
ALAMEDA LOCAL AND EXTRA FREIGHT
CRASH DESPITE SEMAPHORE WARNING
4
) Shoe Laces, lea Pair.
Chinese Shoe Store, 539 Eleventh st. ?
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
X" 1 JT^f4 j 'II ¦¦¦:.*'^l' " Ey
All sorts of people use it;
all sorts of stores sell the^
famous English complexion
soap; Established 1 789^ -
Sold all over the world.
aKEW ADVEETISEMENTS. C'X
araxr ahe poweuless
ris-l-.t Afr»in*t Disease Unless They
Strike at th« Tradertyinc Cant*,
j treat Dandruff and Falling Hair
with irritants or oils on which a para-
sitic, gprm will prosper. is like scoopin*
w-^ter from th«-oeean-to preren. the i tide
irom rising. ,
Vou cannot accomplish a satisfactory
<ur« uithcut having a right underetand-
ins of the fundamental causes of the
Vou must kill the Dandruff Germ
Jt^wbro'e Herbicide do*rs thl*' bec*uM -It '-ic'
tpwially m«de lo do that very thine «
Wh^ the cvnj U rtmovM, ,-.f, ? |iHr.Jj~M
no choice but to rctiusie h-a!thy growth end
"Destroy the cause, you remove th» effect ".
6cld by leading drucri'ti. J-tcd 10ol in
ttatct* Tor thmpit to The Herplftie Co.. De-
troit. ..: ico.California calendars In splendid vari
ety, greater; than-' ever before. The poppy,
poinsettla and burnt < redwood are' the
most popular, as usual. Our 60c calen
dars show best.values in the city. San
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Superior Judge M. C. Sloss has pur
chased the lot on the northeast corner
of Broadway and Broderick ''"streets
from John W. Van Bergen, the whole
sale liquor man, for the, sum of $ 25,
000. The lot Is one of the best sit
uated in the city and has a fifty- foot
front and a depth of 137W-feet. The
price paid gives $500 a front foot,
which is considered' a good price for
real estate in that section of town.
Judge Sloss' hast ordered his architect
to prepare designs for a $50,000 house
to be erected on the, lot in the near
future. The deal was consummated
through the agency of Sonntag : Bros.
Sloss Pays $25,000 for Lot.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 11.— At a meet
ing of the board . of directors of the
Sonoma County Co-operative Poultry
Association 1 held j in this city to-day
H. Graff of Petaluma was elected
president, ,W. H. Creighton of <Penn
grove secretary, J. Lawson of'No
va to treasurer. It was decided to
limit the liability of members of the
association ', to 1 per cent of, the gross
receipts for, poultry and' eggs: and to
start an official poultry, journal to be
published in 'this cityV It is, to be a
weekly, called ': the . California Co-op
erator. H: '•; Murray, late organizer of
the: association 1 will -be the' editor. It
D. Preesey of I Petaluma : was appoint
ed official State organizer. .
Will Publish a Poultry Journal.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 11. — There was
a largely attended meeting of the So r
noma County Medical Society last
night at Elks' Hall in this city. The
annual election of officers was the at
traction. Dr. J. W. Jesse of Santa
.Rosa Was elected -president. Dr.
George Ivancovich of Petaluma vice
president, Dr. G. W.Mallory of San
ta. Rosa secretary," and. Dr. J. H. Mc-^
Leod of . Santa Rosa treasurer. .Dr.
George Ivancovich of • Petaluma and
Dr. E. M. Yates of this . city were
'elected delegates to the State Medical
Society, -\v*h Drs.. William Barmore
and R.'M. Bonar as alternates. A pa
per on "The Emotions in Their Re-;
lation to Disease,"- by Dr % Richard A. ,
Forrest, was enjoyed by those in at- ;
tendance. . ' , . .
Medical Men Elect Ofllcers.
The second installment of the revelations
about the* wcrkln*» of the local Chinese Bu
r?au appears In to-day's Issue of the San
Francisco News L»tt«»r, and will make .even
more of a sensation than the first article. The
political article by •'Junlus" Is a severe ar
raignment of the manner of maklr.gr political
appointments. Governor Gase'a errors are
levi-wed and Governor Paidee comes In for
much criticism. In the LocJcer On department a
mort am£slng story is told of the Duke of
Roxburfrhe'ji adventures Jn South Africa, and
an account Is given of the selline of bogus
Hawaiian aorcelain here, besides many anec
dotes of local people. The ienoranco of the
Marquia of Downnhlre on money matters is
the nufoject of a very amusing article. The In
surance department continues to be the talk
of everybody on the street, the literary and
dramatic column* are most readable, an also
the automobile section, and the editorials are
timely and vigorous. Th« society columns are
full of readable ccsslp. ; ;s " •
To-Day's News Letter.
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 11.—Fur
ther evidence was given in the Hop
per-Dunsmulr will case of excessive
drinking and incapacity of the late
Alexander Dunsmuir to-day.
Edna Wallace Hopper, plaintiff, re
called, said Dunsmuir had received a
paper from Jamea Dunsmuir which he
refused to sign. Cross-examination
brought out that it was only a dec
laration of ownership in the lost
steamer Bristol. .George Frith, a coal
merchant of San Francisco, then gave
evidence that he had considerable
business .with Alexander Dunsmuir
and had always found him sane and
able to carfV. on his business Intelli
gently.
San Francisco Coal Merchant. Testi
fies That lie Always Found Decc
dentr-Ablc to Conduct Business.
11OPPER-DUXSMUIR WILL
CASE DRAWING TO A CLOSE
The Iroquois Club elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing year
last night at Its * regular meeting:
President, William H. Kline; first vice
president, William J. Locke; second
vice president, D. Gilbert Dexter; cor
responding secretary, H. L. Blenfleld;
recording secretary, E. R. Zion; finan
cial secretary, A. D. Pratt; treasurer,
William A. Asmussen; board of trus
tees — William J. Bryan, Louis Metz
ger, S. S. Bayley, J. J. Macks, James
Creegan, M. C. Hassett and J. V.
Merle. A communication from At
torney General U. S. Webb was read,
in which he denied, the Iroquois Club
the power to sue John A. Drinkhouse,
the Police .Commissioner, to oust him
from his place on the board.
Iroquois Club Elects Officers.
Diphtheria Patients Are Improving.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 11,
During the last two days no new
cases of diphtheria have been report
ed and the patients who were pre
viously taken to the'detention hospital
are rapidly recovering and being dis
missed. Six suspected cases and two
actual cases were dismissed from
quarantine to-day. Those dismissed
were C. T. Paine of Redlands, H. J.
Morrison of Denver, G. Stevens of
Benicla, J. S. Giles of Oakland, N. K.
Carpenter of Palo Alto, J. B. Hqlly
of Dixon, T. B. Hunter of Palo Alto
and Stephen. Taber of Richmond, Va.
H. H. Chandler of Selma and G. M.
Godfrey of Santa Barbara, who were
taken to the hospital, have developed
cases of diphtheria, but their afflic
tion Is of a light nature.
S TACOMA, Dec. 11.— "The Union
Pacific's extension Into Puget Sound
means that the road will come to Ta
coma from Portland as well as to Se
attle," said President Harrlman this
afternoon in this city. "The road will
not build, at once from Portland.
Heavy expenditures recently and the
fact that the uncertainty preceding a
Presidential election affects the
money market and makes this unad
visable until after the election.
"But the Increase of population and
business in this section make it nec
essary for the road to extend its sys
tem from Portland to Tacoma and to
other Puget Sound cities, just as soon
as possible."
This last sentence was "spoken In
answer to a question regarding the
probability, of using the Northern Pa
cific tracks'/
A Chamber of Commerce committee
visited President. Harriman by ap
pointment and at his request furnished
him -with maps of the tide lands and
proposed Government improvements.
Harriman visited the water front and
the immense wheat warehouse. The
party is . making the entire trip to
Portland by daylight In order to view
every possible bit of intervening ter
ritory.
President Ilnrrlman Says the Road
Will Be Built From Portland
After Presidential Election.
UXIOX PAdlFIC TO EXTEND
ITS LINES INTO TACOMA
offices discontinued December 31: Cal
ifornia — Integral, Trinity County, mall
to Castilla, ' .
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia — Wilbur W. Ayres, High%Grove;
John F. Schilling, Stella; Margaret
Betroff, Stowe.
Oregon — Athel L. Hathaway, Har
lan.
Washington : — M,ary E. Stowers,
Eastbound.
Fourth class postmasfers appointed:
California— James C. Ryordan, Cuba,
Lassen County, vice H. G. Roberts,
resigned.
Navy order — Lieutenant Command
er H. Gage goes to the New York as
chief engineer of the Pacific squadron.
Postmasters for Three States Are
Commissioned and One Office in .
California Is Discontinued.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11. — Post-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SACRAMENTO BOY WILL
INTERPRET THE MASTERS
HARMOXY CHAPTER GIVES
FIXE 3IUSICAL. PROGRAMME
Anna Cumtnlnss Badger, Press Clab
Qnartet and Others Sins at Year-
ly Installation of Officers.
Harmony Chapter No. 21, Order of
the Eastern Star, held its installation
of officers last night at Golden Gate
Hall. The hall and approaching stair
way were prettily decorated with a
profusion of greens, giving them a
striking effect.
An elaborate musical programme
was interspersed with the installa
tions. Anna Cummings Badger ren
dered in fine voice a contralto solo,
entitled "Hosanna." She" has a rich
dramatic voice of excellent range and
volume and the rendition of the se
lection brought forth an encore from
the assembled crowd.
The Press Club quartet sang sev
eral songs and Mrs. J. M. Hunt. R. A.
Hunt, Clarence Krone, R. E. Keene
and George R. King assisted with vo
cal solos. The »affair was an enjoy
able one and musically a treat.
The reception committee was as
follows: John M. Klein. M. J. Kelly,
C. W. Gould, John Kimball. W. E.
Lucas, John W. Lewis, Mrs. Annie M.
Johnson, Mi's. Robert Carson, Mrs. J.
M. Klein, Mrs. Emma Carter, Mrs.
C. Wetjen, Mrs. Elsie Jensen, Mrs. A.
H. Millberry.
The officers of the chapter are:
Worthy, matron, Virginia Lee Lewis;
worthy patron, Frank Henry Kerri
gan; I associate matron, May Francis
Carter; secretary. Eva May Garrison;
treasurer, Ruth Chandler; conduc
tress, Carrie Louise Lucas; associate
conductress, Emll Harriet Crackbon;
chaplain. Dale Warford; marshal.
Estella May Leland; organist, Alice
Eva Severance; warder, Anna Ruth
Cornehl; sentinel, Annie E. Emerson;
Adah, Viola Hauser; Ruth, Emma
Charlotte Krone; Esther, Nettie Cator
Mangfum; Alartha* Cordie Wetjen
Stunenberg; Electa, Llla May Kim
ball;. installing officer, Elizabeth Vir
ginia Gonld. ¦ j
Albert Elkus Will Be Soloist of Min
etti Orchestra Recitation at
Alhambra Theater.
On Monday" night, December 14,
the Minetti orchestra will give its
first concert of the season at the Al
hambra Theater and the soloist will
be Albert Elkus, a composer and pian
ist, who has already distinguished
himself in both directions.
Elkus was born in Sacramento
eighteen years ago and graduated
from the Sacramento High School
and has been attending the. University
of California. At the age of 13 he
gave a piano recital here, at which
he played a number -of original com
positions and Improvised on J given
themes in a manner that aroused ad
miration. Shortly afterward the boy
playedfor Rosenthal and Sauer while
they were concertizlng here and they
pronounced him <a genius.
Edward MacDowell also examined
some of the boy's compositions with
the result that the distinguished com
poser sent for young Elkus to tell him
personally that he found the composi
tions genuinely original and of great
beauty. This, from the acklowledged
greatest of American composers, was
a significant compliment.!
During the last two years several of
Elkus* songs have appeared upon the
concert programmes of our \ profes
sional singers and a trio for -violin,
cello and piano was performed pub
licly at Steinway Hall two years ago
Dy three of our best professional mu
sicians with great success. At the
age of 12' the boy began to write for
orchestra, though he had. then no
systematic instruction in orchestra
tion. He. wrote a number of pieces
for full orchestra, one of which has
been publicly performed.
Young Elkus is a pupil of Hugo
Mansfeldt. His playing is tempera
mental and he commands- an unusu
ally wide. technical resource. At the
concert on Monday*night he will play
'.'The Lady of Shalott" and "Cleopat
ra" of his own composition and "Le
zende St. Francois Marchant sur les
Flots," by Uszt.
IJght Rainfall at San Diego.
I* SAN DIEGO, Dec. 11. — A light
sprinkle of rain fell here this after
noon and there are strong indications
that there will be a heavy fall during
1 the night.
The forty-five national banks of New.
York City- hold from $400,000,000 to
$500,000,000 deposits of other banks.
Developments are not encouraging as
to cotton 'spinning, but there is evi
dence of better conditions In the. Iron
and steel industry, while retail trade
feels the usual impetus as the holidays
approach. Idleness among New England
lumber mills is offset by increased ac
tivity in the South. Owing to pres
sure of grain there is still delay in
handling freight promptly at a few
Western points, but as a rule the traf
fic facilities are adequate and railway
earnings for November show an aver
age gain of 4 per cent over last. year.
Failures this week number 331 in the
United States against 269 last year, and
20 in Canada compared with 30 a year
ago. , - -• - , ., - .-^ ; *
Corn, exports for the. week aggre
gate 641.945 bushels against 1,098,951
last week, 1,301,296 a year ago, 278,307
in 1901 and 4,853.458 in 1900. 1
Business failures in the United States
for the week . ending with December,
number 241 against 239 last week, 247
In the like week of 1902, 233 In 1901, 247 in
1900 and 211 in 1899.
In Canada failures number 7 against
23 last week and 17 in this week a year
ago.
R. G. Dun & Co's. review of trade
to-morrow will* say: ; •'
Distribution along consumptive lines
grows 'in volume with the continuance
of _ cold weather and the nearer ap
proach of the ' holidays. Jobbing^ dis
tribution also feels this stimulus In re-,
orders.to fill depleted stocks:' -Whole
sale trade generally is quiet as* usual at
this period and industry' shows slack
ening In some lines. The improvement
in. crude iron apparently holds, judg
ing from small price advances at sev
eral markets. :•- Eastern 1 shoe manufac
turers are still shipping heavily on win
ter account, have an average spring
business booked and report fair orders
fo> next 'fall. -
Railway earnings are generally good
and will sh<?w a gain of fully. 6 per
cent over last. November. % / . ~ .
. Seasonable conditions,' stock-taking
or adjustments to lessen the demand
are all assignable reasons for the quiet
ing down of- outdoor activity, such as
building, or for reduced running time
or suspension* in a variety of industries
employing large numbers of hands.' ."
Wheat . (including flour) exports for
the week ending December •10, aggre
gateHM'.Gl? bushels,' against. 4,421,504
last wee,k, 3,761.007 the 6ame week last
year, 3,890,786 in 1S01 and 4,785,577 in
1900.
k NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow- will say: ~* .
FRESNO/ Dec. 11.— The Fruit Grow
ers' convention Is a, thing of the past.
The last day,'s sessions were. busy ones.
N. P. Chipman, president of the State
Board :<jf Trade, attended and took is
sue with those j who have given'utter
a'nee^to pesSlmistic>-6pinions regarding
the State's fruit industry. He referred
especially, to the address of President
Cooper. . Press of business forbade the
delivery, of- an: extensive speech and
Chipman gracefully yielded.
George C.-Roedlrig fallowed with a
paper .on the ."Future of the Fig In
dustry, in California."
Frank E % Kellogg, who by heredity
and experience is in. the . cultivation of
walnuts what Roedins.is In the .culti
vation of figs, read* a contribution on
"The Walnut -" and . Its Commercial
Prospects," In which he went at length
into the history of walnut production,
the marketing of the product and its
importance to the horticultural devel
opment of the State.
C. J. Berry was on the programme
for a* paper, on the citrus fruit industry
in Northern California, but was ab
sent, so his paper was. read by Secre
tary Isaac. . , ' .-.
The general conclusion reached after
receiving the report of the agents who
went East is that the agriculturists of
the Eastern States are experiencing as
much difficulty in obtaining efficient
help as are those of California, and in
stead of endeavoring to secure young
men the committee recommended that
inducements be offered to families to
come to California by the sale to them
on the most reasonable terms of small
tracts. of land upon which they may
settle, being, willing at the same time
to assist in the orchards and vineyards
when needed/During the year the com
mittee received applications from
would-be employers for 1903 hands for
work in harvest field or vineyard. The
committee, through its office, placed 911
persons in positions. Many more were
induced to come to California and se
cured, work, of whom the committee
has no record. Most of the help want
ed was "asked for in August, September
and October, but some of It was want
ed for the year. "
At the afternoon session H. P. Sta
bler spoke on the subject, "The Fruit
Grower arid Orchard Help."
"How Shall We Preserve the Fertil
ity of , Our Orchards?" was the subject
of an address by A. D. Bishop. /
Professor S. F. Woodbridge spoke on
the subject of "Fertilization.".
Allegations of undue influence are
made concerning all the clauses ap
pealed from.
and trustee. ~" That statement vras
elaborated in the document filed to
day. Tvhich, after repeating the clauses
of the will to which objection Is taken,
says, in effect, that Mr. and Mrs. Bry
an '"induced and persuaded Bennett
to sisn a paper addressed to "William
J. Bryan, and to copy a considerable
portion of another paper, the said
ropy to be addressed to Mrs. Bennett.
The papers referred to are the sealed
letter by which Mr. Bryan and family
•were to be given $50,000 by consent of
Mrs. Bennett, and a letter, similar in
purport, which Mr. Bryan produced In
court.
The appeal says it was then the In
tention of Mr. Bryan and his wife that
only the sealed letter addressed to
Mrs. Bennett was to be brought to her
knowledge, "and that was for the pur
pose of Inducing her to permit Wil
liam J. Bryan to get the $50,000." It is
rlso declared to have been the inten
tion of Mr. and Mrs. Bryan not to
make public the other paper ad
dressed to Mr. Bryan as "My dear Mr.
Bryan," or to have it brought to the
knowledge of Mrs. Bennett. -
The document continues:
"The writing addressed to this appel
lant, the wife of Mr. Bennett, did not
state the real and true arrangement
which Mr. and Mrs. Bryan had in
duced Mr. Bennett to enter Into rrith
them. The fact that the children of 1
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan are to receive j
Jlo.OOO of Mr. Bennett's money was
not stated, but, on the contrary, the
-.vritlr.g addressed to the widow ex
rret?!y stated that if William J. Bry- j
an for any reason is unwilling to re- j
r-eive that sum for himself, that he j
fihiill distribute the JjO.000 among ed
urational and charitable institutions,
vrhllc in truth and fact and in law
the letter addressed Jo Mr. Bryan
< onstifjted him a. trustee for his wife
r.nd children, and the sum of $25,009
if received by Mr. Bryan would belong i
to his wife and children, all of which
Mr. Brynn and his wife well knew." i
The several clauses to which -ob- I
jet-lion is taken and the sealed letter j
and the letter to Mr. Bryan are de- j
dared to have been prepared at Lin- j
coin, Nebr., by Mr. Bryan and his j
wife, without the knowledge of Mrs.
Bennett, and without the knowledge
or presence of any of Mr. Bennett's
family or business associates.
NEW HAVE.", Conn., Dec. 11. —
Counsel for Mrs. Bennett, uidow of
Philo S. Bennett, to-day filed a Ions
statement of the reasons for the ap
peal recently taken from the decision
of Probate Judge Cleaveland in rela
tion to Re-nett's v.ill. In the formal
notice of appeal it was briefly an
nounced that objection would be taken
to all of the bequests in the vrill pro
viding 'or trust funds for educational
purposes to be &dministered by Mr. and
Mrs. William J. Bryan, and also to the
appointment of Mr. Bryan as executor
Manufacturing and Wholesale
Trade Is Light, but General
Activity Is Shown in South
Agents Who Were Sent East
to Secure Help Report 4n
¦; the Difficulties Encountered
Extending from the ¦ neighborhood of Jack
sen en the south to Plymouth; on the north,
sJonz the JIne of tbe lod<*,' there have . been
and still are. mines ' which ' have made- and
f")me etill are making a ph~n*oienal output.
On t*e east lode, which lies', about, ten 'nlles
ea*t of the motter lode, there are several prom-
Some ventures in this county in the past in
the mother lode region have proven nonpro
ductive, chiefly because they were ill-advised
from their incipiency, but offsetting these fail
ures great success has attended properly di
rected effort In some of the newer concerns.
Among the notable examples may be mentioned
the reopening of the Central Eureka, mine after
an idleness of many years. This mine is now
down over 2000 feet in depth: is equipped with
complete surface plant, including' a fortj
stemp mill. Near Amador Cliy* the Bunker
Hill has been reopened in recent years by a
local company, and is at present building a
twenty-stamp mill, anticipating, an increase In
capacity within a short time. North of- the
Bunker Hill in the Fremont Consolidated, which
Was been reopened within the past four years.
A new mill haa recently been • completed to
treat the ere developed In that property, which
comprises several consolidated mines, 'opened to
a depth of more than 1000 feet. In addition
to these, there are other less prominent mines
which are in the development stage, but which
promise well, iind besides these there are a
noiabfr of enterprises In the Incipient stage,
which ha\-e . a fair share -of premise for ths
future, upon being properly equipped and de
veloped.
The principal iplnes are from ten to four
teen miles from railroad points, four and a
half hours from Sacramento and nine and a
half hours from Kan Francisco. There art
many large companies engaged in quartz mtn-
Ing In this county, and in eptne of th?ee
depths of over 2um> feet have been^attajn»o.
and one, the K >nnedy. at Jackxon. -has reached
2750 feet, vertical depth, below the croppings.
The development of these mines has abundant
ly proven the great depth to which these gold
bearing deposits extend, and at more than
SuQO feet in depth, on the vein, there Is no
diminution In size of the ore bodies. Indeed,
they ere larrer In the Kennedy mine than
those found at higher levels, while still con
taining value* which Insure a handsome j-ror-
It over working coats.
Opportunely, as a demonstration of
the mineral resources of Amador Coun
ty, a register of the county is issued
by the State Mining Bureau. Amador
ranked fourth in gold production
among the counties of California' In
1902. the total county output being
$1,629,151 in value. The total value of
all mineral products of the county for
1S02 was $1,679,113. Amador is eighth
in rank when the total mineral prod
ucts -for 1902 are considered. In addi
tion to go'.d the mineral output In
cluded silver, copper, coal and mar
ble. The copper bearing formations
are described as similar to those of
Calaveras County. Several copper
mines have been opened, but the lack
of proper transportation facilities has
hampered the industry.
Coal is being mined at several places
in the low foothills near lone. This is
a light variety of lignite. Large quan
tities of clay are shipped front Ama
dor to the potteries in the bay region.
The clay is of good quality and very
abundant. Among the county's prod
ucts are granite, sandstone and Iron
ore. A few diamonds have been found
near Volcano and Oleta in the gravels
of the ancient river channels that cross
the county. Concerning the mineral
deposits the State Mining Bureau bul
letin says:
rillNCIPAL DEPOSITS.
A3LADOR IN EVIDENCE.
The exhibit will be so arranged by
Mr. Aubury that general information
can be furnished about any mineral de
posit of which inquiries may be made.
In this way, a miner seeking capital
to assist in the development of his
property, if representative samples are
are furnished by him to the exhibit,
may succeed in Interesting the cap
ital he desires.
Those wishing 1 to donate minerals
should send them to Mining Depart
ment St. Louis Exposition, 29 Mar
ket street. Where the specimens do
not exceed twenty pounds in weight
Wells, Fargo & Co. will transport the
same free of charge from any railroad
point. Packages. above .that weight the
Southern Pacific or Santa Fe will
transport free of charge.
A department of information will
be established, where will be shown
maps of &J» the mining counties, with
the Ideation of each mineral deposit
and a general description of the same,
and names and addresses of the owners
>and photographs of all the prominent
mines.
Special features will be exhibits of
tourmalines, chrysoprase, the new
gem "kunzite," turquoise and jewel
ers' materials. The borax, soda and
salt Industries will be well represented.
Niter will also be shown. Specimens
of niter are now being secured from
Death Valley. A large display of min
eral waters will also be made.
Models of stamp mills, concentra
tors, cyanide plants, gold dredgers,
quartz mines in operation, and meth
ods showing the manner of working
hydraulic and drift mines are In the
collection.
A comprehensive exhibit of Califor
nia oils, oil bearing formations and the
various by-products of petroleum will
be exhibited. With the oils, the only
complete collection in the State, will
be furnished a chemical analysis of
each sample, which will inform pos
sible investors of the properties con
tained. Sections of oiled roads, as
phalt paving, the concentration of ores
by oil and many exhibits will be ar
ranged so that the various uses to
which oil can be adapted will be
shown.
Nearly all the material for the im
mense composite arch of California
building stones, comprising marble,
pressed brick, terra cotta, palagonite,
etc., has been received and will be
ready for shipment January 1. This
arch will be one of the most striking
features in the department of mines at
St. Louis, and will fully represent Cal
ifornia building materials. Hundreds
of representative specimens of the va
rious minerals found in this State will
be shown. Special exhibits of clays,
together with the various articles man
ufactured, will be exhibited.
A large collection of cinnabar ores,
together with the native mercury, and
gold quartz specimens and nuggets
from the hydraulic and placer mines
will also be displayed.
COLLECTION OF OILS.
The California collection of minerals
to be sent to St. Louis, so reports
State Mineralogist Aubury, is nearly
complete. All specimens that have been
received have been classified, repacked
and labeled. Arrangements will be
made for shipping the entire collection
to St. Louis about January 1, 1901*
Specimens received in San Francisco
later than December 23 will run the
risk of not being exhibited, for it will
be impossible to make additional res
ervations of space.
The Teresa Quicksilver Mining Com
pany has secured a deed to 325 acres
of land in Santa Clara County, near
Edenvale, south of San Jose. -
Location notices, says the Mining
and Scientific Press, were filed one
week recently in Trinity County for five
lode claims and eight placer claims.
In view of the hopes entertained for
the extension of the niter industry in
California some figures contained in a
report of United States Consul Mans
field at Valparaiso relative to the out
put of nitrates of Chile is of interest.
The production and control is in the
hands of a syndicate, reports the of
ficial mentioned, and this syndicate has
issued a circulaT from which it appears
that for the year 1902-03 the exporta
tion quotas amounted to 1,663,436 tons.
On March 31, 1903. the' stock on the
coast was given at 269,923 tons, and
that abroad at 518,136 tons— a total of
788,059 tons. In course of half the year
five new works joined the association,
making in all twenty-four "officinas,"
or producing plants, operating under
the combination. The total exportation
for 1903-04 has been fixed at 1,625,000
tons.
According to the Angels Record the
Melones mine will add forty stamps to
its milling capacity soon.
The Welsh gold mine, near Copper
opolis, has resumed.
The Millspaugh Mining a'nd Milling
Company's plant at Millspaugh, Inyo
Countj", is making progress.
The Karma mine, near Mojave, is in
stalling a twenty-stamp mill and also a
cyanide plant.
The Zeibright mill, in Nevada Coun
ty, will have five additional stamps.
The report is circulated that" the
Marguerite mine, near Auburn, Placer
County, will resume operations.
The Nevada County Miner says that
work has been resumed' at the Old
Home Consolidated mine, at Moun,t
Vernon, near Blue Tent. The Osceola
mine, in the Rough and Ready district,
is being reopened.
-A two-foot vein of coal is reported
to have been discovered near Vacaville.
The American • Dredge Company • Is
constructing a dredger five miles below
Oroville on the east side of the Feather
River.
Considerable information is supplied
officially, by the bureau's , register of
Amador County relative to the methods
of mining that is of general interest to
mining men everywhere. Each mill
treats ores in its own way, no two fol
lowing exactly the same method. The
stamps are all heavy and drop from
five to six inches from 96 to 100 times
per minute. Amalgamation is practiced
both inside and outside of the batteries,
and the .pulp is conveyed by launders
to vanners and shaking tables for con
centration. The tailings from the van
ners in many instances go to slime
plants. The sulphides are either treat
ed by chlorination, being roasted in
reverberatory furnaces, with crude oil
for fuel, or are shipped to the smelters.
No sulphides are cyanided directly.
RECENT OPERATIONS.
ising tninee, ¦ which have recently come into
notice. » •
IMPORTANT VEINS.
The most important veins and ore shoots
occur in fissures cutting black clay slate* and
amphfbollte schists. being in part contact veins.
The ore is practically carrying, from 1 to 2
per cent of sulphuYets. mostly pyrites. The
work of mtninx and milling hns been reduced
from $3 50 to $2 60 per ton In the district. The
elevation of the lode In this county varies
from SOO-to 15<K> feet, averaging about. 1100
feet. A larze amount of placer gold wan
mined in this cr.unty In the earlier days, hut
the principal product for many years past has
been from quartz. On th» mother lode in this
| region the slate* roclcs through which the veins
¦ pa?* often swell upon exposure to the - air.
i making the nustatninz of the workings by
[timbering an expensive operation... and - sha'li
i sunk in these heavy fissures are a. constant
source of expanse. The mine managers 'have"
in many instances, prcfited by .past experience
and most of the new working shafts are now
sunk in the hard country rock at a distance
frcrr. the voIti*. • Milling operations are so v,-ell
conducted that usually the tailings Issuing froir.
Amador County mills after passing . the can-'
vas slimes plants ere practically valueless,
having beer, deprived. of their values by simple
amalgamation ana 'concentration.
STOCKTAKING HAS EFFECT
MANY REPORTS ARE READ
Charjre I* Made That Sealed
Letter Was Dictated and
" Written at Lincoln, Nebraska
.
ALLEGES HE HID FACTS
Mrs. Bennett States Her Rea
sons for Objection to Se
lection of Brvan as Executor
President Chipinan of . State
Board of Trade Takes Issue
With Pessimistic -Delegates
Cold Weather Gives Stimulus
to All Branches of Industry
in All Parts of the Country
Collection Will Be Shipped to World's Fair
City About January I— Resources of
Amador County Engage Mining Bureau
SAYS HUSBAND
WAS PERSUADED
HOLIDAYS MAKE
BUSINESS GOOD
FRUIT GROWERS
CLOSE SESSION
CALIFORNIA'S MINERAL EXHIBIT
ALMOST READY FOR INSTALLATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 12, 1903.
Ruyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews' Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery* street, under Kuss
House, and see the* large etock of dia
monds, watches and jewelry at 'lowest
prices. Open evenings. •
' \Gastearri, the; new,; heater, is. now, on
pxhibltioiiratUheofflceofithe gas ranigo
department -of S. : F. Gas. and Electric
Company, 415 Post street.' • • .-,
SALINAS, : Dec. ,11.— Charles , Harbaugh, . a
local cigar : manufacturer, well '. Known In Ore-
Eon sand : California, -who wasl arristed 'on l a
charge , of • havlns robbed - J. :. Sullivan of $400
In : a- gambling i same. • was released ,this-after
noon after a" preliminary' hearing. : Sullivan
cried when, the charge against llurbaugh was
dismissed. ;*>.', ¦_* . .. ..." '. ' . ¦ •
Deserters From Navy Are Caught.
YALLEJO, Dec. 11.— -Three desert
ers from the navy, who were arrested
in, Los Angeles, were brought, here
yesterday and: turned over to, •; the
naval authorities.- Ah apprentice boy
who had "jumped, ship", was also
brought back to <the yard.
5
DJL PIEKCE'S EEMEDIES.
Miles on Miles
Are walked by the billiard player, as he
moves around the table. That is the
only exercise many a city roan gets. It
is this lack of exercise in the sbut»in-life
of the city, com- j^jk«
which tend to make Q'/g&$$3$3^fJrjt
the city man the ¥ fi|V®52£g«
ridhu cf r stomach I •^S^^y^^^a
belchin?, sour ris- J/f$&S$5ftiS^XBi
tresring symptoms, §£&sSSSB\\i, BBbF
•iviil eilect a f.pc?dy ,' ' iT^ti' !&!&— -K~t?
cur<r. In th- ino«t ' ! j ti&\ '^?*" r *
ertreme cases of ! j LyH l ' jSSv. \
£cb and other or- ''^'fr^^?!
pans cf digestion {3 : : m§S?^P*ww
an* nutrition, the \/l| •iw^%Sfl
perastent use of V a| fS\
Tnil result in a ccra- 1
plete cure in nints yfii ii?
ty-ciglit cases out j*Sr
A ¦ The praise I wocld like to girv your ' Golden
¦^ .'Jedical Di»co-.-rrjr ' I cinaot titter ia Trords or
«1c£rribe pro." writes James B. A~iiro*e,
Esq.. of \r>s% Miffiia Strm, Hnctiarfon, Pa.
• I was t*^^ do»m rrlth wltst our physidaas
said was iadig^slios. I doctored with the best
anaad here and found no relief. I trrote to you
sad j-ou vrst me a onestion b'.sak to fill out and •
I di «o tud yon tneo edvised me to use Dr.
Piercr's Ooldea Medical Discorcr>-. I took three
bottle* end I felt so road tbnt I stopped — bei»y.
as I think, cured. I fcave no eymptoia* of gas-
tric trouble or indigestion now."
Dr. Pierce's Coismoa Sense Medical
Adviser is ssnt free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one-cent stamps for paper covered
book, or 31 staaips for cloth bound.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
{MUSEUG3 OF AHATOHY?
0 (& ::::sA£trrcr.t«.s:t*:ti.c.r.:i:. z
\ CT^ Tfce t*f«* Aa*tMniol Museum i« tb» T
4 ,i_jlj* U'etid linkMM', of «;.)• "ii;!», :rrt A
Cj-^f^ dtirtse r«r«4 hjr the olden Y
© i3»3 5>»«a*ii«o« thtCotti L»:. *, yr»n. Q
A L*££ OR. JGEDAN-D'SEASES CF UIH }
1 f &2?b Cor«.utt»tion be* «nd itri-tly pri»«-t. \
m I TrmMtmr-nt prr»ot4l'jr or by IrTtrr. A Q
V * fr X\ rora.t Ctrt 10 rrr-y e»«eim<!»rtiic»B. T
AeS Iff Hrtf f:r E»k. rBII.«*O."UV »f i
V ¦ fl 1 • EtKBUCE. MAIUB I FEE. (AT
A Q tr ** ! Mbl« took for nrn) , \
V till 4(»SDi> * « O . VM Market SL.S. P. V
Jg|5| Those suSeriaz from rrcak-
WP& nesses -which sap tbe pleasures
, B B * of life ehculd take Juren Pals.
in On< tiottle will tell a story of
rctrTelous results. This oedicico ha* rcore
rpjarcnatine. riulizinc fore* than has ever
b*en oflerw. Sent hy m»il in plain package
only on r^e«Jpt of tni* adr. and $L
Made bvjt* oririnators C. L Hood Co.. pro-'
prictun Hood'i Lcnrell. JIw*. '
; . PBAGERS
Open. this evening and every evening until Christmas.
Given. H * ai^VaV^M^LJaBLE | Given.
H 1238- 1250 MARKET ST><°***»
Clearance Sole of This Season's
Newest Millinery,
EVERY hat. trimmed and untrimmed. in our stock has been re-
duced nearly ONE-HALF and will be placed on sale this
morning. We intend to sect rid'of all stock in our millinery. de-
partment and have marked th; lowest sale price at the commence-
ment of the clearance, so that every one of our customers will have
equal chance for a fine bargain.
Our millinery department has gone through a most successful
season and the workmanship and hats turned out by it were not
excelled or even equaled by any other store in this city. We had
splendid' importations, a few of which are still in stock. We don't
want to carry anythine over the new year and have made it an ob-
ject for you to visit our rooms.
$L(% Qft ELEGANT BLACK GAINSBOROUGH HAT.
*?***• #^* with long bla,ck plume and trimmed with black
satin ribbon. Black ribbon bandeaux. Worth $10.00.
SHIRRED BLACK VELVET TURBAN, Empire shape; pom-
pon and aigrettes complete trimming. Regular $8oO value.
JET HAT WITH HIGH CROWN, finished with bunch of
Prince "of -Walesitips and velvet trimmings. Regular $10.00 hat.
FANCY BRAID TURBAN, trimmed with swansdown pompon
and velvet." Worth $8.50.
HANDSOME SHADED TAN BEAVER: Continental shape.
It has a white and tan pompon and brown velvet trimminsr. Valued
at $c.co. (¦
BEAUTIFUL WHITE MALINE HAT with lone white plume
and trimming of satin braid. Worth $10.00.
m% dt& WHITE FELT GAINSBOROUGH, trimmed
xp%j9* m X<Jf -with cut ostrich pompon and cream satin ribbon.
Worth $6.50. • ¦ •
WHITE ASTRAKHAN GAGE HAT, trimmed with winjrs
and cream velvet.' Valued at $6.50. -. :
BLUE CHENILLE AND FELT TURBAN, trimmed with
blue -military pompon. Regular $6.^0 hat.
ELEGANT GRAY FELT, trimmed with gray tips and shades
of old rose velvet. Worth $6.50.
? MISSES' CASTOR BEAVER, trimmed in two shades of red.
worth $6.00. Children's Hats.
C ; | Q*J RED FELT, trimmed with red satin ribbon.
*P**^*^ Poke shape. A bargain. Tan velvet shape with
trimmings of pink silk. Verv pretty.
UNTRIMMED HATS. '
75c — Children's sailor hats: all colors; these hats were soIcLat $1.30
50c— Uritrimmed hats. • All colors.
$ 1.50-— Untrimmed velvet shapes; three styles.
$1.9S— Fancv Braid shapes. •/?!>
Jf»2.J)S— Fancv. shapes in black and pretty colors. Worth $4.5&
$1.00— Black felt untrimmed shapes.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
if . a Million American Beanties ||
If >£3?&^l^aii!?^i&l» keep their blood pure, their com- II
l| '' , < 4 r i«Sy'flBJ-@a^pF9^> plexion soft and thoir I
H •^ffiMnBSg^^TOttPBrfSMMPV breath sweet and their whole H
h /BKPHr^r^^^%(Jm!mlMOW^.' bodies active and healthy with fj
i WMJBwfliB|« OASOABETS Candy Cathartic g
m '. SM083asMBKB »lP%S555$g£ Thequickeffect3 of CASO ARETS g
H as system cleaners and blood F
U |?^^gEy*^[ns^^^^ft purifiers; their promptness in ||
|3 WSWBMP^'ttjp . v curing 1 pimples, boils, blotches, I]
H Kfay /$2*$Bg£& J5§| J liver spots, blackheads, and in |
» Till yfe^"' RbJBr£*'?3H^ sweetening: a tainted breath, 1
n *s§ /^LAfegT^^^v®r have become known through the r
?| *§» TO^^jL^J^^^T kind words of ladies who have |
H <O*k wmJ^lliinwirTsr tried them. Hence the sale of g
*3 «3^. wiTsl»^m?f>1ag/ OVER. A IHLUON EOXES A C
M KvlPhh. MONTH. The quickest, surest B
|| KW^^d^^^^^/J "way to beauty is to cleanse the f
M KftS^^^^r^—^ blood, for Beauty's Blood Deep. M
. a - -^wHBawgL: ' The first rule for purifying- the r|
WV /»"BTO«&?aw^. blood is to keep the bowels free, g
H ' j/B^SP*^^^ jrently but positively with OA3- |»
El Kplsl&rs CARETS. Alldru«rsrists,lOc,25c, I
|5 VTF'J "They male* mm 50c. Never sold in bulk. The een- B
« •¦'';! *V/v f*it mo good." uine tabiet stamped C C C. Sam- |
B ' / pie and booklet free. Address f
9 / STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, Chicago or New York. %
1 ASy^UAL SALE -TEN KHLUOKJ BOXES [j
B^ • Greatest In the World >, —J. John' Edwards was given six months
apiece on two charges * of robbery
COPENHAGEN. I>c. 11.— Dr. Fin«en of
this' city, who yesterday was awarded the
Nobel '.medical prize, ie djiajerously tH.
¦ f No charge: for, lettering your 1 name in
gold on'pocketbooks.Tcard' cases* cameras,'
traveling sets.' dress suit cases or. any
othtjr^flne- leather goods purchased at our
store.".', Sanborn; ,VaIl & Co. - " « ¦ " •
Mrs. Shrink's yellow dog made a prac
tice of biting the pedigreed canine be
longing to Eugene Chaubin, until that
gentleman shot and killed the Shrink
family's household ". pet. Then ' Mrs.
Shrink caused the . issuance of a war
rant for Mr. Chaubin's arrest. The case
will be: heard by Judge . Moga^n. . The
parties: live at North. Beach, and Mrs.
Shrink has a. f number ; of residents f of
McCorjniqk street ready* arid willing, to
swear, that her dogNvas as much sinned
against as sinning when he tackled the
Chaubiri; pup 'of lofty lineage.
Ten members of the Piano Movers'
Union were before Fritz on a charge
of disturbing the peace by "making
rough house" in the headquarters of
their organization, on Stevenson street,
near Sixth, and In the case's
the . court ' expressed astonishment , that
gentlemen .whose vocation is the hand
ling of instruments of harmony should
create discord.
There will be three matches to-mor
row for the championship, of the. Call-,
fornia Association Football League. All
tbree will be played in the afternoon,
the ball being kicked off at 2:30 o'clock
in each instance. <^
On the .Presidio Athletic Grounds in
this city the Independent team will
meet the Oakland Hornets. This will
be .a keenly contested game, as the two
teams are well matched and are the
strongest in the league with' the excep
tion of the two leading elevens, tfae
Thistles and Vampires. At Idora Park,
Oakland, the Albion Rovers will play
against the Occidentals. On the cricket
ground. at Alameda. the .Vampires will
try conclusions with the Pickwicks
•The Independent team will occupy,
the following positions:
Forbes, goalkeeper; Lynch (captain), left
back; Armstrong, right back; Alechele left
halfback; O ¦-», center halfback; - Nolan,
right halfback : K. Fay. outside left ; T. Fay,' !
Inside left; Watt. : center forward; P Fay
inside rlKht:, Ellis, outside right
The Oakland Hornets will line up: C. C Y.
Williamson, goalkeeper: McGlll. left back-
Hunter, right back; Smith, left halfback;
Chambers (captain), center • halfback- McKay,
right halfback: Connolly, outside left;;.Mac
kenzie. Inside left; Shand. center, forward •
Ersklne. Inside right; Bird, outside right
Arthur Robltwon will referee the match, Henry
Roberts and J. D. Robertson being the lines
men. The res-rves are Mildred. . Pomeroy and
Cowell.
The Albion' Rovers will line up: . 'Smith
goalkeeper; John (captain), left back: Goodlet,
right back: Bayne.- left halfback; Robertson,
center halfback; Matthleaon. right halfback;
Bradley. outsMe left; Duquesne inside left-
Gillchrest. center • .forward; E 'Orton inside
right; Churchill, outside right. v
The Occidental eleven will occupy the fol
lowing positions: Chevers. goalkeeper; ".Mc-
Carthy, left back: P. J-ydon, right back:
Evans. ¦ W^ halfback; Bowdcn. center Half
back: Roberts; 'right halfback;' F. 'Holland
outride left; Condon. Inside left; V Holland
center forward; . Lydon. Inside right; rHeln
stock, outside right.: The referee will' be- C.
\V. Irish. ,
The Vampire eleven will line up as follows:
Alrth. .goalkeeper; ' Petersen (captain), left
back: "Martin. 1 right back:, Langdale. left-half
back; Harwood, center ; halfback: = Glarncr
right/halfback; ."Wilding, outside ¦•¦left; 'Kayi
Inside • left : Turner, center i forward : ¦• Pho well
Inside right: Buchly, outside right. I
1 The. Pickwick team ». will b«. made'/ up [of '
Presidents Williams arid » Randolph,
Directors Dunn and Andrew, and Man
ager J. W. Brooks visited Ascot Park
track this afternoon* arid thoroughly
inspected the plant. President Wil
liams'expressed surprise at the' extent
and progrers of the .work on 'the track
and the luildings and said be believed
the track would ' be *dne of the finest :n
the world. ", . • ' -.
It was mutually agreed" i;hat trainers
and Jockeys who hold licenses issued by
the California Jockey Club will. jjpt be
required to secure' additional lic'euse
in order to participate in the Ascot Park
meeting. All apprenticed jockeys -"will
receive the same allowances granted
by the Eastern and Western Jockey
clubs. Horsemen racing at Los ;"An
gtles and San Francisco, alternately
will receive courteous -treatment from
the officiate of both organizations.
Questions of mutual interest were
Ciscussed and it was announced after
the meel'.nR that absolute harmony ex
ists betws'cn the two racing. organi7a
tions ami that 'an understanding -.was
rcncLctl'tic several important 'qu
It was. decided that the Los Ang'la
Jockey Club will become a member of
the Pacific Jockey Club and that the
California and Los Angeles Jockey
clubs will hereafter work, together for
the betterment of turf conditions on
the Pacific Coast.
LOS AXGELES; Dec. 11.— President
T. H. Williams ot the New California
Jockey Club and Adam Andrew, a .di
rector of the same organization, p.r
rived hero to-day on the Invitation of
the Lo« Angeles Jockey Club. Messrs.
Williams end Andrew were in confer
ence shortly after .their arrival with
President T^ves Randolph of the Los
Angeles Jockey Club and Director Wil
liam E. Dunn. ;iV
New California Jockey Club
and-Los Angeles Club Are
to Work Hand in Hand
Will Test Their Strength
Against the Independent
Team Sunday Afternoon
Warring Couples in Court.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted
Pietro Donait an interlocutory decree
of divorce from Aliede Donati- for de
sertion. Suits for divorce were filed
by Andrew Tidell Jr. against Effle
Tidell Xor desertion, Katarina Kruse
againrt Herman Krnso for. cruelty,
Elizabeth I. Tobin against. William J.
Tobin for desertion and Mary Cuomo
against John Cuomo for cruelty.
ST. PETERSBURG, D*c. 11 —The palace of
Prince and Princess Beloselcky (whj «u a
Miss Whittler) «»« entered. last nijtht by bur*
larg. A great quantity oX valuable* «u stclea.
The Oakland Hornets are' ready to
put an eleven into the ! field on« Satur
day,, afternoons, to be known as the
Saturday Hornets. -Applications for
membership should: be made: to" Edgar
Pomeroy, lSC5,.P,ost street, San Fran
cisco. •' Games will be arranged with the
Pirates of- East Oakland, the Seamen's
Institute, o£ San Francisco, the hospital
corps of Heald's 'Business
College and'ttie Hay wards Juniors. :
There -was comment on
the; "decisions' rendered by thp . referee,
Heiiry Roberts, ' last Sunday In the
game between the Vampires, and the
Albion. Rovers at ,Alameda.;,The cap
tain of the" Vampires so far 'forgot the
respect due to a referee that he actu
ally, abused .him on the. field. It is
wholly <3ue\t o the forbearance | of the
referee that -the; Vampire captain will
be playing toi-morrow. With regard to
the decisions. rendered >by the referee,
it is a coincidence that, four other ref
erees who saw the match stated they
agreed- with the referee-'s decisions in
every, case. ( The Vampires escaped a
penal ty altogether for a gross piece of
fcul ; play, the goalkeeper striking; one*
of the Rovers' forwards full in the face
with his fist. Had this bit of work
been seen* byVthe ref exeejjie Vampires
would h^ve had. to/.find ; a substitute
;£6alkeeper^fo.r the next month at least.
•;_'-The r association football ; 'club : bf the
'Hospltkl^dprps of; Alariieda has af
filiated wiUi the California .League.'
There J are 220 <¦: men •• playing! {; the game
, in this city and th'e "neighborhood. .
Oook. goalkeeper; Bowden. left back: Milne,
right back; Pakes. left halfback: Gracie, cen
ter hMf back; Warrtlaw, right halfback: Shed
don. Outside- left; Warren, inside left; Cowan,
renter, forward; Watters. inside right: T.
RobertnAn,. outside right." J. Casson will act
¦as referee. . ->• . . .-.
Officer McCurrie of the Humane
Society arrested John Burke yester
day for beating. 'a horse* with a strap
to which was attached a heavy buckle.
Theofilcer subsequently arrested Ben
jamin Rosenberg of ,40$ Fifth street,
the owner of the horse, for permitting
such a badly used up animal' to leave
his stable. ' ¦.¦¦-"
Are Arrested for Cruelt>\
Strictly vegetarian (no pork). "W. G. M.
Beans.with Chill S^auce, at your grocer's.*
Nynan'is something of a politician in
the Thirtieth District. He sought a
Union Labor party nomination for Su
pervisor last fall, but failed to obtain it
Timothy Nynan also . breathed de
fiance against the institution of law
and justice as personified, in Judge
Fritz, and Timothy is likely to.be re
minded of the defiance when' he. ap
pears for sentence, this morning.
Timothy's wife, Ellen, was convicted
of selling liquor without a license and
sentenced to sixty days in jail or $60
fine by Judge Fritz day before yester
day. With the woman in court were
two young children, who accompanied
her to prison, where they were taken
care of by the matron while Policeman
McMurray sought their father to In
duce him to assume their guardianship.
Nynari declined to take the children;
however, and the result was- his arrest
on a charge of failing to provide for
his minor, offspring. The policeman
swore" that in addition to the two little
ones in the. prison there were three
others sadly in need of parental atten
tion. ,. ;
It' was while the policeman was tell
ing his story yesterday morning in the
court that Nynan uttered jibe defiancd
alluded tol In tones that were audible
throughout the chamber he declared
that "they had no double-blanked right
to arrest him." ' The declaration was
officially" noted and the case continued
till to-day. ;. '
¦.Joseph. Thompson pleaded guilty to
a charge of robbery'in Judge Dunne's
court yesterday. He and Frank "Wil
liam's'" : and,- -Samuel Holmes were
charged with forcibly taking a purse
from Miss '-Emily 1 Figuera at Post and
LcayenwQr.tb. 'streets on the night of
September 20. Williams . pleaded
guilty when ¦.-> arraigned and Holmes
was tried by a "jury on Wednesday
and convicted. They will all be sen
tenced on December 17.
"'Pleads Guilty of Robbery.
The addition of their new building has
er»abled Nathan-Dohrmann Company, to
combine all these qualities. They have
their holiday goods all separately,
prouped. into household, art. silverware,
lamp, crystal, stein and china rooms, and
they have just added a special show
room entirely devoted to plates and cups
and saucers, which are grouped by
prices, so that purchasers can Bave the
time formerly necessary for looking over
the entire display. They need now only
inspect the variety within the price they
Intend to «pend. thus saving t^ne and
trouble in making their purchases.
This is the question which every deal
er in holiday presents- is constantly try
ing to solve. It is not sufficient to have
i>. large assortment of suitable goods and
trained employes; it requires system.
taFte. and, most of all, large display
room. • - £•¦•.¦-,¦* ,-
How to Make Holiday Shopping: Easy.
HARMONY EXISTS
BETWEEN THE BIG
RACE PROMOTERS
William CaldweyV'an attorney asso
ciated with A.; Pidwell in the Mills
building, was suffocated" by Illuminat
ing gas yesterday morning at the resi
dence of James de la Montanya, 260U
Point Lobos avenue. .
The father of Caldwell's wife died in
Los Angeles two days ago, and Mrs.
Caldwell started for that place last
Thursday to attend the funeral.
Caldwell and some friends dined with
the de la Montanyas on Thursday
evening, and he went to bed at 9:30
o'clock. James de la Montanya in
formed Deputy Coroner Michael Brown
yesterday that Caldwell requested to
be awakened at 7:30 o'clock yesterday
morning, and that he responded "All
right" to a knock at that hour.
Mr. de la Montanya made a second
visit to the room at 8:30 o'clock, and
hearing: Caldwell snoring concluded
that he was very much fatigued, and
•rent away. .
At 10 o'clock Mrs. de la Montanya
Morgue Surgeon Bacigalupi performed
the autopsy and found that" death" Mad,
been, caused by suffocation 'with illu
minating gas. '¦'*'. • /.
Caldwell was 45. years old and- wa| a
native of Virginia. He was i promi
nently connected with the Knights of
Pythias.
thought -'that- she detected the odor-of
illuminating gafe, and'sifortly. afterward"
knocked at . Cafdwell's door. /No reply
being, given, shft opened the door with
a key and- saw him lying In bed uncon
scious, . ." .. ; ; " ,...
Dr. e! R. Berges 'was. summoned hur
riedly and attempted to' restore the pa
tient to consciousness, ' buY Caldwell
died shortly afterward. * " . v ' •
The room in which Caldwell slept was
connected by a 'door 1 leading into an
other room, in which Mr. Brown found
a gas jet burning, and he was informed,
that it had been burning all night". The
other burners were closed, and although
the deputy smelled gas he was; unable
to find any leak.
WILLIAM CALD.WELL, A WELL-KNOWN ATTORNEY, WHO WAS
ASPHYXIATED BY ILLUMINATING GAS WHILE HE -, WAS • A
GUEST AT, THE -HOME OF A FRIEXQ., ' g^^ i; . .
Obtain Money on Bogus Contract.
D. Rolleri, 303 Grant avenue, ob
tained a warrant .from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the- arrest of
L. Avaclni and r Frank Moresco on a
charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. He alleges that the defend
ants called., upon him and showed him
an alleged contract- which they, had
entered into to pick grapes at the
Astl vineyards and he advanced th,em
$35 on September 14. .He. now 8ay3
he has discovered that the contract
was bogus. „. Other members of the
Italian .colony also advanced them
money on the alleged contract.
. . :^y.>Vf? J <— I
From the testimc-ny of several dusky,
witnesses for the prosecution it was
gathered that on the night of Decem
ber 1, while a select terpsichorean func
tion was in progress, Mr. Stewart, pre
siding at the piano, laushed immoder
ately at some airy persiflage which
several young bloods were addressing
to Miss Irene Walker, and that Mr.
Slaughter, who was generally recog
nized as Miss Walker's "steady," en
tered the ballroom, unlimbered his six
shooter and fired twice at Mr. Stewart,
missing that gentleman, but inflicting
a severe wound in the leg of a small
boy who was in the vicinity.
The attorney for the defense attempt
ed to make it appear that for some time
a feud had existed between Mr. Stew
art and the defendant, and that Mr.
Slaughter's shot was the outcome of a
long period of persecution on the part
of the complainant and of self-repres
sion on the part of the defendant. This
plea of provocation will probably.be tbe
line of defense introdticed to-day, when
testimony in behalf ' of Mr: Slaughter,
will be heard.
Pacific street's most exclusive colored
society was numerously in evidence in
Judge Mogan's court while the case of.
the people vs. Claude Slaughter,
charged with shooting and attempting
to kill Georse Stewart, was in the
course of hearing.
Two chronic female vagrants were
given six months apiece by Mogan. One
of them, Bridget Boyle, was arrested
for soliciting alms from women pedes
trians on Market street and addressing
curses and filthy epithets to those that
ignored 1 her petition. The other one,
Jane Bellinger, has been such a famil
iar and unlovely figure. in the Police
courts that the Judge regretted he
could not make her Incarceration per
manent.
Bertrand Van Rensselaer, who claims
kin with the -oldest Knickerbockers in
Manhattan society, is the defendant on
a charge of , robbery sworn to by Miss
Uertha Linden of .1150 Guerrero street.
The list of articles described by Miss
Linden as having been purloined from
her residence by Bertrand consists
mostly of feminine apparel and Its to
tal value is estimated at $165.
"The members of the aristocracy of
two continents seem to be rivaling
each other in moral degeneracy," re
marked his Honor Mogan, to whom
had wafted intelligence of the appear
ance of a scion of Britain's nobility be
fere Neighbor Fritz.
Detectives Gibson and Bell were de
tailed on the case, and yesterday morn
ing- they found Mirovvsky in his room.
When they knocked on 'the dwr he
would not open it. They obtained an
entrance through another room and
found him crouched under the- bed.
Mirowsky has not yet been booked, as
the detectives say. there are several
other checks of a similar nature that
Mirowsky has cashed with business
men, which they are investigating.
Mirowsky came into prominence- dur
ing the early part of last year. He
blossomed out as a Russian Count; and
so fascinated Mrs. Fanny Rosenthal,
who has a cigar store at 418 Montgom
ery street, with his title and general
demeanor that they were married on
Hay 23 of that year. Love's dream was
soon dispelled and the following Sep
tember she secured a divorce from her
young husband. She alleged that his
claim to bea Russian Count was false
and that he had given* away to other
women or pawned all of her "diamonds
and other jewelry and had squandered
nearly all of the money leftrher by her
former husband. - •
For two weeks prior to December 2 j
Mirowsky was employed, as a clerk by i
the We? tern Fish Company, 510-512 j
Merchant street. He had access to the j
books 2nd papers of the company, and.^.
it is alleged, he collected money to the*
extent of $25.' Which he used for his own «
purposes, and was discharged. j
Last Saturday he called upqn F..L.
Greenberg. barber. . 324 Montgomery
street, and asked him to cash a check
for $35 drawn on the Central Trust ,
Company and purporting to be signed !
by J. B. Inguglla, manager of the!
Western Fish Company. Greenberg j
gave hlrrt $10 on the check, which he ]
artcefl Greenberg not to present at the j
bank till he heard from him again. J
Greenberj; did not hear from him and i
on Tuesday notified the police, after
discovering that lnguglia's signature
was a forgery. ;
On the same day Mirowsky cashed a
check for ?40 drawn on the Germania
National Bank and purporting to be
signed by Ingruglia, with Crum & Ma
son, cigar dealers. 914 Market street.
They were also told not to present the j
check at the bank till they heard from
h!m again, but as he failed to notify
them they presented the check at the
bank and were informed that Ingu
glia's signature was forged. They at
once rotted the police. .
Robert A- Mirowsky was arrested
yesterday morning in his room at 123
Turk street by Detectives. Ed Gibson!
and Bell and locked up in 'the tanks" j
at the City Prison- The police s&y that j
several charges of forgery will y*4
booked against him. i
Is the Man Who, Posing as a
Russian Count, Married Mrs.
Fanny Rosenthal Last Year
Tho two fellows were next heard of
at the residence of Mrs. Mary Smith,
716 Howard street, where Howard be
came involved in an altercation with a
cripple and with difficulty "was re
strained from shooting him. When told
that it would be beneath his dignity to
assault a man physically maimed How
ard flourished a "pistol and said, "I
would just as lief kill him as not."
Little's saloon was" the scene of the
third act.' When Howard entered the
place the inmates were Little himself,
J. McAuliffe, James Killodl, Michael
Driscoll and Defendant Owens, who sat
aloof from the others. Prior to enter-
Ing* the saloon Howard held converse
with an unknown boy and was over
heard to instruct him to remain out
side and keep, watch for "cops" while
his instructor was at work inside. This
was testified to. by a lad named G. J.
Schroeffel, who was loitering at the sa
loon d,oor. and to whom Howard gave
20 cents to "trot along about his busi
ness." When these preliminaries had
been , arranged Howard went Jnto the
saloon, drew a pistol and compelled
McAuliffe, Killodi and Driscoll to stand
against the wall with their hands up,
and he then went over to where Owens
was sitting and spectacularly com
manded him to' hoist his hands and
preserve silence on penalty of death.
, ?Then, after surveying the line of men
ranged against the wall, the bold high
wayman said: "Oh. I guess you;bums
have- nothing^ after which he de-voted
his. attention' exclusively "to -Little and
robbed that 'person of airtne'^SttHrey he
had. Then, with a final threat to the
¦tl\rtfe "wallBo'wers," aSjOne^of the at
torneys- 'facetiously ;¦ allud"e&>.»t o % McAu-
Jiffe&KJilib'di and Driscoll, the -robber
went.'frjrth into the night. ; .<.
Policeman Skelly told of how.. he saw
Howard running' and commanded him
to stop, and of . how Howard replied
'811(1 was then pursued, shot
in' the leg- and driven under the gun
of-. Policeman.'^ Murphy, who "got the
dcop.on hlm'Vf^aJl of which was printed
at the time of the happening. 'The de
fense" will be taken up .'next Tuesday.
Details pertaining to the "holding up"
of William .Little's saloon, at 760 How
ard street, on the night of Decem
ber 6 were freely related yesterday in
Judge Mogan's court, where Harry
Howard and W. H. Owens were on pre
liminary examinatipn for the offense.
Howard. was arrested at the time of the
robbery and Owens was subsequently
taken in as an accomplice.
The testimony served to expose the
movements of the defendants prior to
the time of and during the "stand up."
Howard and Owens were seen that
evening among the audience of a street
evangelist at Third and Mission streets,
and Howard' seemed to be so much af
fected by the words of the exhorter
that he followed the procession to
church, while Owens remained;on the
broad path that sinners find it easiest
to follow.
Officers Describe Chase of One
Highwayman and His Cap
ture After a Running .Battle
PLA5 MS CAREFULLY LAID
The defendant gasped, glared incred
ulously at' the. bench, opened his lips
as if to voice a protest, but apparently
underwent a sudden change of mind,
for he bowed with courtly grace ahd
said: ¦ ...
"Much obloiged." .
"You're entirely welcome," responded
the Judge, bowing in return.
"But Oi'd have ye to undherstand,"
shouted the defendant, as the bailiff
grasped his arm, "that this is an out
rage for which ye'll suffer. Ye cawn't
sind me to Jail laegelly, nor can ye keep
me there afther ye've slnt me."
"Bring him back here," said the
Judge to the bailiff.
When the order was complied with,
and' the tall figure of 'the claimant to
one of the proudest titles in the British
peerage, stood again at the bar, the
Judge addressed" him as follows:
' "Edward Horn, alias Lord Godolphin
Osborne, Duke of Westminster, the
duty devolves upon me-^bf punishing
you for willful contempt of this court.
I sentenced you to sixty days' impris
onment because I thought you might
prefer the holiday fare at the County
Jail to the Incertitude and. inevitable
hardships attendant. upon begging
nickels and dimes from plain Ameri
can citizens imbued with the holiday
spirit of giving. But, instead of appre
ciating my motive and , relishing your
sentence, you loudly and impudently
accuse me of exceeding the authority
vested in me to punish you as a va
grant. So. now, without ignoring the
possibility of my. action embroiling two
greatnatlons In sanguinary conflict, I
must increase your sentence to six
months.".
His Grace appeared to be dazed to
dumbness as he" was "led away.
accint." " ¦
"Ah, I see. And ndw, my lord— or
Shall I say your grace, in recognition
of the ducal part of your double bar
reled title?" •
"Ayether will do," was the magnani
mous concession.
"Well, your grace', may I inquire as
to how you came to be arrested and
charged with vagrancy?"
"A bobby's mlstaike— that's all. Ye
hev.uo roight to punish me. ye knoaw."
"The. charge has been pretty clearly
proved, while your defense is extreme
ly inadequate. At the risk of starting
an international complication ,1 must
send you to Jail"—
"But ye cawn't" —
"For sixty days."
"Lord Godolphin Osborne, Duke of
Westminster, .London. England," was
the legend penciled on a scrap of paper
and oassed un to Police Judge Fritz
yesterday,. morning- by a, tall and seedy
looking mrih who stood accused of va
grancy.
"What's this?" inquired the court, al
ternately scanning the dc-cument and
its author. * ¦'•;<;
"Me rale name an' tolt'.e," was the
laconic answer. t
¦"Pardon me, your lordship, for fall
ing to notice your distinction at first
glance," said the court, apologetically,
"but vou must concede that you do
not !c-ok the part. Besides, you are
registered on the docket here as plain
Edward Horn. How did "that come to
pass?"
"A stoopid blundther; on the pawt uv
wan uv yer consthabularyi doan't ye
knaow," explained the prisoner, in a
dialect that savored of a cross between
"coster" English and Dublin* brogue.
"Yc-ur card here," suggested . the
Judge, "pronounces you an Eiglshman,
while your 'accent proclaims you a na
tive of^the Emerald Isle. May I ask
how that comes to be?"
¦ "In me early youth Oi. wur thrans
ported from me pawlace in England to
me cawstle In Gireland; there I gVew
up wid me tinantry and acquired their
Coroner Leland held an inquest ye 3 .
terday upon the bodies of Vf. D. Ran
kin and Fred Axelbrigbt. Rank in was
killed by falling from the fifth floor of
the new Merchants' Exchange building
on 23, and Axelbright was
killed on December 9 by falling off the
seventh floor of the same building.
When Rankin fell to his death Axnt
brlght was standing near by. and It fa
a singular circumstance that Axel
bright, an hour or two before he was
killed, was served with a subpena to
attend the inquest on Rankin's body,
which had been set for yesterday. On
the day of Rankin's death one of the
Coroner's deputies remarked to Axel-"
bright that structural ironwork was a
hazardous calling. Aselbrlght replied
lightly that it was not at all dangerous
to an experienced man. but he re
marked to a fellow workman that he
expected to go that way himself some
day.
The testimony in Rankin's case was
that he was standing on the last steel
girder at the south extremity of the
fifth floor and had a monkeywrench in
his right hand, while he supported his
balance by throwing his left arm
around a steel upright. Workmen were
engaged In putting a girder in place,
and when everything was ready Ran
ldn said, "It's all right, boys." He had
withdrawn his left arm from the up
right and was sustaining hi3 balance
with the wrench, but as he. spoke the
wrench slipped and he tumbled head
long downward.
Albright was engaged .in similar
work on the seventh floor when a hoist
ing derrick fell to the flqoring. Fearing
that it was. about to strike him Axel
bright changed his position and lost his
balance, falling into a pile of half-hard
mortar in the basement. He died In the
Central Emergency Hospital half an
hour later.
• A verdict of accident was returned Ir^j
both cases. ...
Testimony Eeyeals a Strange
Coincidence Between the
Fates of the , Unfortunate
AXELBRIGHT COMES .\ f ;.\T
proved against him yesterday before
Judge Mogan. After stealing a horse
and buggy belonging to- the Haslett
Warehouse Company the defendant
drove to Commercial and Davis streets,
where he picked up three sacks of su
gar that lay in front of a commission
house, dumped them into the stolen ve
hicle and again drove away.
PASSES WORTHLESS' PAPER
Bobcrt A. Mirowsky Is Ar
rested and Several Charges
Will Be Booked Against Him
Witnesses Detail How Harry
Howard and W. H. Owens
; ''Stood Up" Little's Saloon
Sixty Days' Sentence of "Lord Godolphin
Osborne, Duke of -'Westminster/ Ms Raised
to Six Months for Contempt of Court
His Fall From the Fifth
Floor of the Merchants'
Exchange Declared Accident
ISSUES MANY
FORGED CHECKS
TELL THE TALE
OF BOLD CHIME
LAWYER MEETS DEATH WHILE
ASLEEP IN HOME OF A FRIEND
Attorney William Caldwell Is .Found -Dying
From EffeG>s of Inhaling Gas and Physi
cian's Efforts to Save ;Him Are Futije
CLAIMANT OF A LOFTY BRITISH
TITLE IS JAILED FOR VAGRANCY
RANKIN'S DEATH
INVESTIGATED
THE SAN ;FRANGISCO; GALL, -SATURDAYS DECEMBER 12, 1905.
OAKLAND HORNETS
AT FOOTBALL ON
PRESIDIO GROUND
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Complimentary
Pizmo
-^BT THE— j
Pianola
To-Nighl,
In the Aeolian Department \ 0! *. -\
Kchlcr & Chase,: corner • Ppit - .¦•
and Kearny streets. ; »
As the number of invitations is limited,
pkase obtain them early during the day in
oar Aeolian Department
KOHLERA 'CHASE
ESTABLISHED XS50. .
BOLE AGENTS FOR THE PIANOLA.
POST AND KEARNY STS.
Always. Remember the Fall Name
g Rromo QrzMiine
Cores aCoW ia One Day, Grljwn 2 Days
W« >^X^TVt^ ton. 25c
Two Books by California Writers
Gclctt Burgess and Will Irwih's
• ¦ California Romance
I THE REIGN OF QUEEN ISYL I
A book in a most fantastic vein, which is both a hovel and
a collection of short stories. The main: plot -concerns the disappearance of
the queen of a California Flower Festival. I Interwoven with it are many /
amusing and strikingly original stories oi adventures in love told, by the
characters in the book. - ..-..-... \~-\A
Margaret Cameron's W= '
Book of actable plays t for amateur production ![
COMEDIES IN MINIATURE '"Jt-s
Contains eleven Monologues, Sketches and Comedies, many
of which have been successfully presented.- ' Mr. F. H. Sargent, of the Amer-
ican Academy of Dramatic Arts, speaking oi the author, says: "I believe
her plays are most unusual and valuable. She is doing better work to-day
and shows more promise than any woman playwright within my immediate
knowledge."
With Frontispiece; cloth, J2mo, $1.25
Three Great Novels- ; X;^ %
Stall ey J. Weymah/S Dashing Romance
THE LONG^NiGHt^^^^^^^^^^^^.v
•¦.,. . ¦ \ - - '.- "¦ -¦ - ¦•:>¦: . ¦ .•;;•"
[describes the attack on Geneva by.the Savoyards.^** It. is' a ;<
splendid book, written in flawless English and overflowing. with dramatic
interest. The longest night would be made short enough by books -like
this," says the Pittsburg Gazette. -»" ; :^ .; , ,7 .
» Sixteen Illustrations by Solomon J. Solomon:
Henry Setpn Mernmari's Novd
BARLASCH OF THE GUARD
is a robust romance of those desperate days when the
ebbing tide of Napoleon's fortunes swept Europe with desolation. "With-
out doubt," asserts the London World, "this is the linest thing of it3 kind
that Merriman has yet accomplished. Barlasch is a masterpiece."
Eight Illustrations by The Kinneys. $1JO
A. Conan Doyle'S Great Success
THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD
in which Brigadier Gerard of Napoleon's" Hussars -vividly
recounts his own remarkable exploits. The-S/J Paul Dispatch says :.'* To
our thinking, Gerard is a greater achievement than^ Sherlock Holmes, and
will make a wider appeal to English readers. There has been no such man
in a book since the immortal D* Artagnan." ' ..... . „ I _i . . ¦ . , - ".,..,
Sixteen Illustrations. \' : $l.sd . 1 .;, .,/'•; 'ti
McGIurc, Phillips & Co., NeWYoii;^King's Daughters' Art Sale.
The Willing Workers' Circle of the
King's Daughters held a fancy goods
sale and concert 'last night .at the
home of Bishop Hamilton on Buchan
an street. The sale attracted a large
crow'd and the ladies were very much
pleased over the success of their ven
ture. A fine literary and musical pro
gramme was rendered in connection
with the sale and. refreshments were
also served.
Christmas Presents.
Dress suit cases, traveling sets, pocket
and bill books, cigar and card cases,
•wrist bags and lap tablets all make fine
Christmas presents and can be bought at
popular prices from Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— United States Sen
ator William- A. Clark was somf-what im
proved to-day and his condition is reported as
most favorable. *f<l0RQMMMBBSMfiflBS
Just received. latest Parisian novelties, Xmas
glove orders. Danicheff. 121 Grant ave. •
Bank Open at Night.
The Commercial Bank, on, .Powell
street, near Eddy, will be. open to re
ceive deposits every Saturday evening. •
; The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society No.
2 Is to have a progressive euchre par
ty in St. . Charles Hall on Shotwell
street next Monday night to help ; in
crease its charity fund.
Catholic Ladies' Aid.
Mrs. Charles C. Riedy has fine pla3tic
leather work. Her apple branch" panel
for a mantel is unusually artistic.
Mrs. M. Wilson's painting on china
and Mrs. Llda Scudder's oil painting on
satin and china are among the attrac
tive things shown.
Miss Clara Rice is secretary. Her
mosaic leather work in book-binding is
much admired.
Mrs. Henry G. Meyer, treasurer, has
been prominently identified with the
organization and her painting on lace
fans and nude figures on china are un
usually good.
Mrs. May Mott Smith Bird's jewelry
is attracting a great deal of attention.
An immense thumb ring set with a
large 6pal matrix, surrounded with
clusters of fine emeralds, is the sensa
tion of the exhibit. A necklace of
coral, jade, dull gold and pearls with
jeweled pendant in butterfly design ia
most unique. A handsomely wrought
miniature frame holds a miniaturs by
Passot, 1800. The collection contains,
among other things, a comb of gold in
peacock feather design, set with a lino
amethyst.
Mrs. Marion Holden Pope's etchings
are much commented N upon and show
the effects of European study and sug
gest Whistler, of whom she was once a
pupiL V
Miss Hyde, .who Is now In Japan, has
sent several colored etchings, attractive
Japanese studies.
Miss Charlotte Williams exhibits ar
tistic candle shades, decorated with
water colors, and a tray of colored
wood, burned in poppy design and
mounted with glass.
Miss Flora Bell's excellent wood
carving is shown in a bench and tabou
rette of mahogany. Miss Milward Hol
den shows a handsomely carved cedar
chest, neatly lined and finished.
Mile. Estelle de Lahaye has dona
French tapestries, that might be mis
taken for the old ones, with trees bjld,
feathery and realistic. All are rich; in
colors. Her enameled art pottery is
brilliant and effective and a Watteau
Garden scene on porcelain is niuch ad
mired.
This Guild of Arts and Crafts is but
two months old. It is composed, how
ever, of more gifted artists than were
supposed to be available in this vicin
ity. Douglas Van Denburgh of Las
Gatos, who i^ himself an artist of
great versatility, is vice president and
founder of the guild. He sent out «. ir- %
cular letters to craftsmen of marked
ability asking them to unite with him
in presenting their work. Mr. Van Den
burgh's exhibit includes handsomely
wrought brass candlesticks, carved
and etched wood boxes and original de
signs in screens and furniture. Mrs.
Van Denburgh has added fine bead
work tov tha collection.
' Miss Marion Holden is president of
the organization. Her artistic book
binding is a prominent feature of the
exhibition. The prayer-books are par
ticularly well done.)
The Guild # of Arts and Crafts exhibi
tion in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel is an artistic treat and convj3
at a most opportune time for the
Christmas shoppers. Scores of admir
ers of the beautiful in art attended the
exhibition yesterday and reveled in
the collection of old and modern lacss,
tppestries, wood carvings, original fur
niture, etchings, miniature, unique jew
elry, artistic book-binding, and paint
ing upon lace, fans, china and silk.
The exhibition will be continued at 10
o'.clock this morning, closing at the
same hour this evening.
Holiday Shoppers.
Maple Room of the Palace Hotel Is
Place of Display of Interest to
GUILD* OF. ARTS AXD CRAFTS
OPENS UNIQUE EXHIBITION
Forms Trust of His Estate.
The will of the late Dr. Mariano E.
Gonzales was filed for probate yester
day. It leaves his estate in trust to
Robert F. Johnson, executor of the
will) for the benefit of Edle. Gonzales.
widow of the deceased, and: his daugh
ter, Anita Gonzales, now in Paris, and
the grandchildren of the late Fran
cisco Rico, a half-brother^ of v the de
ceased. The will provides thktjohn
'eon, for his services as executor shall
receive th'e rents = of a portion of the
Gonzales rancho In Monterey County,
and " also contains a clause declaring
as outrageous any attempt to i show
that Rico was not his half-brother.
The ' estate of Gonzales consists prin
cipally of large ranches in Monterey,
Fresno, Santa Clara and . Santa Bar-
I bara counties.
gibbons has- announced an inteationof
contesting the right of the tw<J t "sisters
to the; property intends to have
a "guardian . appointed ; for Mrs. Eliza
Stoddard, on j the ground '¦ that i she is
an Incompetent. - This move. ¦ will be
fought bitterly by ; Attorney Duffey. on
behalf of "Mrs. Stoddard.
Believing that Mrs. Eliza &toddard
was imposed upon by Dr. Joseph M.
Toner when she executed a deed to
him for an undivided one-third inter
est In an improved piece of real estate
at Thirteenth and Harrison streets. At
torney D. M. Duffey is endeavoring to
have the woman's conveyance set
aside.
Mrs. Stoddard is a sister, of David
Fitzgibbons, who died In this city on
November J2 last. Shortly before his
death he was adjudged an incompe
tent, and- the Union Trust Company
was appointed his guardian. - His prop
erty, consisting of the. improved real
estate at Thirteenth and Harrison
streets, was divided equally between
his sisters, .Mrs. Eliza Stoddard and
Mrs. Mary McCann. The latter is an
inmate of St. Mary's Hospital and is
85 years old. Thursday last she was
adjudged an incompetent and the Pro
, bate Court appointed Edmond V. Mad
! den her guardian! Some time previous
ly to this, it is claimed by the attorney
for Mrs. Stoddard, Toner prevailed on
Mrs. McCann to deed to her sister all
of her interest In the property left by
her brother. Then, it ! is claimed, he
induced airs. Stoddard to deed him one
third of. the property without any con
sideration. Mrs. Stoddard says'she did
not realize that she was signing -away
any of her property when the convey
ance was presented by Dr. Toner, and
that. she received no -consideration in
return' for the execution, of the deed.
She says that Dr. Toner was a warm
friend of her dead brother and treated
him during his illness. Knowing this
relationship, she said she and her sis
ter reposed confidence in him and
signed any instrument he offered.
Dr. Toner claims that the property
was transferred to him In payment for
medical services rendered . to David
Fitzgibbon and to the two sisters,
whom he has treated for several years.
He says his services much "overbalance
the value of the property conveyed to
him. which is said to be worth/ about
$3000. ;
An alleged nepnew. of David Fitz-
Physician Says That Medical
Services 3Iore Than Balance
the .Value of the Property
Miss Caroline Stetson Ayers, who will
next nicnth become- the bride of Dennis
Sparlcs. was guest of honor at a pretty
luncheon given yesterday by Miss Edna
• • • •
Mrs. Silas Palmer, nee Holbrook,
gave her first post-nuptial reception
yesterday at her home on Washington
street and cordially received a large
number of friends. The next reception
will take place the second Friday in
January.
Those whom Mru. Palmer asked to re
ceive with her are: Mrs. Palmer and
Miss Bessie Palmer of Oakland. Mrs.
George Wheaton. Mrs. Samuel Knight.
Mrs. George Martin. Miss Lily
Spreckles, Miss.Genevieve King and
Hies Lucy King.
The Outdoor : Art League will meet
with Mrs. Lovell White at her home,
1616 Clay street, next Monday after
noon at 3:30. A' feature of the inter
esting programme will be an address
by Mtes "Whitaker on "Women in Out
door Art."
Miss Eleanor Warner, and Miss Helen
Mar Davis were hostesses at a pretty
and informal tea yesterday in honor of
Miss Bernie Terry of Stockton. The af
fair was given at the Warner home,
where Miss Terry is staying. During
the reception hours of 4 to 6 o'clock
nearly two hundred callers were enter
tained. Christmas berries and foliage
comprised the pretty decorations. Those
invited to assist were: Mrs. Willard
Wayman, Mrs. . Frederick Royal Sher
man, Mrs. Henry Dutton, Mrs. Edmund
Baker. Miss Jane Wilshire. Miss Ger
trude Dutton. Miss Mabel Toy, Miss
Hazel King, Miss Eleanor Eckart. Miss
Mabel Donaldson. Miss Edith Cutler,
Miss Florence Tates, Miss Elsie Dorr
and Miss Alice Treanor.
Those asked to assist in receiving
were Mrs. Richard Bayne. Mrs. James
Bishop. Mrs. Alexander Keyes, Mrs. T.
Danforth Boardman, Mrs. Frank Grif
fin, Mrs. Frederick McLeod Fenwick,
Miss Suzanne Blanding, Miss Charlotte
Ellinwood, Miss Lily Spreckels and Miss
Alice Sprague.
Mrs. James A. Cooper and Miss Ethel
Cooper gave th*ir last "at home" of
this season yesterday afternoon at their
home on Pacific avenue and charmingly
entertained many guests. Red berries
effectively arranged in Indian baskets
predominated in the artistic decora
tions.
Mrs. Harry Coleman and her charm-
Ing daughters held the last of their de
lightful "at homes" yesterday at their
home on Fillmore street. A large num
ber of callers were received during the
afternoon. Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman,
one of this winter's dubutantes, has
already made many strong fr'ends and
is weil launched upon her social career.
Mrs. HeDburn Wilkins and Miss
Alice Wilkins were hostesses at a
charming tea yesterday afternoon at
their new home on Broadway. Mrs.
Wilkins formerly made her home In
San Rafael, where her late husband
had banking interests, but now that
she has had built a residence in this
city will remain on this side of the
bay. The hostess graciously received
her guests In a becoming gown of gray
crepe de chin?, while her daughter also
dispensed hospitality in a pretty gown
of white creDe de chine and lace. The
beautiful rooms were decorated with an
artistic profusion of American Beauty
roses, pink carnations, yellow chrysan
themums, red berries, poinsettias and
foliage. •
Those who assisted in receiving were:
Mrs. Southworth. Mrs. James H. WU
kins», Mrs. J. S. Fechteler, Mrs. Alfred
Lilly. Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss Edith
Chesebrough. Miss Helen Chesebrough,
Miss Mabel Dodge, Miss Grace Nich
ols, Miss Pearl Rabin, Miss Christine
Pomeroy, Miss AnnaT"oster, Miss Mary
Fester and Miss Ethel Dean.
The receiving party was 'composed of
the following: Mrs. Willard Drown,
Mrs. L. D. Owens. Mrs. Swartley, Mrs.
H. Macdonald Spencer, Miss Elsie
Sperry. Miss Mary Josselyn, Miss Lin
da Cadwallader. Miss Edna Hamilton,
Miss Laura Hamilton, Miss Ruth Mc-
Xutt and Miss Helen Berts.
Mrs. Edear F. Preston gave a de
lightful tea yesterday afternoon at her
home. 24H6 Broadway. The artistic re
ception-room was decorated with a pro
fusion of violets and white chry?anthe
mums and pink roses were • effectively
arranged in the dining-room. Red ber
ries end foliage and red chrysanthe
mums decorated the hall. The guests,
about 300 in number, were cordially re
ceived by the charming hostess and
hospitably entertained.
Mrs. James B. Stetson. Mrs. Robert Oxnard.
Mr*. Chauncey Winslow. Mrs. Josephine Morris
de Greayer. Mrs. Walter 'WlMett. Mr*. Henry J.
Crocker, Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Mrs. Horace
Wilson, Mr*. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs. Xorri*,
Mrs. S. J. Johnson, Mrs. George II. Lent, Mrs.
Jame« Elder, Mrs. Tiffany. Mrs. A. N. Towne.
Mrs. L. L. Eaker. Mrs, Grosvenor P. Ayres,
Mrs. John Perine. Mrs. Goewey, Mrs. Pflnirst.
Mrs. William Rogers. Mrs. Henry B. Men
tsirue. Mrs William. Reddlrff. Mrs. Frederick
Hewlett. Mrs. William J. Dutton. Mrs. \V. P.
Shew. Mrs. W. O. Mills. Mrs. William H.
Mills. Mrs. Schusslcr. Mm. Alice Deming Clark.
Mirs Carrie Ayres, Miss May Ayres, Mis<« Zetda
Tiffany, Miss Painter, the Misses Schussler,
Miss Castle. Miss Paula Wolff. MTss Mabel
Hojrp. MIfs Ethel Dean. Mis* Hannluan. Mls«
Mabel Toy, Miss Georgie Spleker, Miss Belle
iiarmes and Miss Hanigan.
Those invited to receive were:
The handsome Merrill residence at
Van Xess avenue and Washington
street was the scene of a brilliant re
ception yesterday afternoon, when Mrs.
John F. Merrill, her .daughter-in-law,
Mrs. Jchn Sroufe Merrill, and her
daughter, Mrs. Harry Sears Bates, re
ceived their friends. This was the sec
ond "at home"' which these hostesses
have given and it proved even more
delightful than the one on the pre
ceding Friday. The spacious rooms
were lavishly decorated for the occa
sion. Yellow chrysanthemums predom
inated in the reception-rooms, red car
nations were arranged in the dining
room, foliac^ in the library and red
berries in the hall. Mrs. Merrill's
charming and gracious personality was
reflected in every detail of the appoint
ments and she had a pleasant smile
and tactful word for each of the 300
callers. The two younger hostesses
were also at their best and the large
receiving party added much pleasure
te the affair. . - - : / ,
"Fairest In She" (Xevin). Golden Gate Quar
tet; song. Miss Van Orden, accompanist Mr.
Husband; recitation. MIfh Crittenden; tenor
sclo. "Mary of AVgyle," Mr. Onflow; quartet,
"Lltt Ie Cotton Doily" (Geibel): violin nolo. Miss
Giatto; tenor foIo. '"GreetinK" (Hawley), Mr.
Thornton; recitation. Miss Jcseup; bas* solo,
"The Friar's Sons,". Mr. Perry; quartet.
Those, who entertained were: Mrs. S.
Blaikie, Mrs. Anna Curry, Mrs. Dora
Crittenden. Mrs. Sarah A. Keith. Mrs.
Abbie E. Krebs, Mrs. Anna E. Mcln
tyre, Mrs. Eliza D. Phelps. Mrs. E. S.
Land, Mrs. Elizabeth Cowle, Mrs. Mary
Bunker Morton, Mrs. May Van Orden,
Mrs. Jackson, Miss Helen Shellard.
The Association of Pioneer Women of
California gave a pleasant reception
Thursday in honor of twelve of its
members celebrating the fiftieth anni
versary of their # arrival in California.
The guests- were* entertained at Golden
Gate Hall between the hours of 2 and
5 o'clock. The following programme
was arranged and ably rendered:
Mrs. John R. I^ooseley, the well
known artist, was tendered a pleasant
reception by the Sorosls Club at 1620
California street on Thursday evening.
Mrs. Looseley's paintings, on exhibition
at the club rooms, were the subject of
much admiring comment. Those re
ceiving were: Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs.
Brlce, Mrs. Belcher, Mrs. M. R. -Hlfft
gins and Mrs. J. M. de Greayer.
Dickens. The table was made attract
ive with Christmas berries and foliage.
These present were: Miss Ayers, Miss
May Ayers, 1 Mrs. Thomas Benton'Dar
ragh, Mrs. Howard Morrow, Miss Ger
trude Bates, Miss Ella Holmes, Miss
Wanda Brastow and Miss Helen Dick
ens.
CONSIDERATION LACKING
3Irs. Eliza Stoddard Claims
Dr. Toner Imposed on Her
in Securing a Conveyance
Season Is Marked by Receptions to Guests
of Honor, Pleasant Teas, Luncheons
to Clubs and Prominent Visitors
LEGAL TANGLE
ABOUT A DEED
WITH THE APPROACH OF WINTER
SOCIETY EVENTS GROW NUMEROUS
?
The graduates of the James Lick
Grammar School were awarded their
diplomas yesterday afternoon by Prin
cipal W. W. Stone. On next Thursday
afternoon the graduating cla^s will
hold its closing exercises. A unique
programme has been arranged for the
occasion, including a farce to be acted
by the graduates. Following is a list
of the graduates and also of the pupils
of the various classes who have been
promoted In their studies:
Mr. Huskey's c!a*s. eighth crude. D— J.
Dunt>«r Keith. U. Gordon fiprowl. Kalpis Duf
'«•«•. John T. noyer. Anna 1). Dazcy. Jeanr.ette
Afurpfay. Edjthe Sawyer. Charles IVarson.
.SI. bo) ie k uar;, eiKhth gra.i*- — Norma An
(Irf»-5, £thel Itrine Hatt;e .Siratile. . Charles
E-parrow Hay Lindsay. Victoria Btcder, Annie
U GlrdTvood.
J. L. Murphr'e c'.as?. seventh grade— Mlr.»rva
La Berte. Louise Florence, Lottie Xid-roat.
Thomas Sweeney. Teter Jacquen:»t. Nanna
1.- car.. G«r.ma Soetena.
llirs II«nJerson'B class, seventh grade —
Maud« Laiitr. B*!l» MulL-n, Mlltcn Curt!*. Nel
lie Kommer. Edith Helireson. Gust^v Holz. Eva
Hess, ilarraret Kennedy. Jessie Ixxe. Edith
Towtw. Minena Marckley, Elna CJirorJ, Car-
Uitt Josephine Frank'* class, iisih srade—
Irene Coma, Margaret BoIUvma. Lottie Lewis,
Hen B?m?», Martha Devoney, Alice Kinc»
land.
ilini Tot*"'' <-!aK. sixth CT5<le — Elmer
Pparrowe. Edith K^itt. Elira Jor.e«. Martha
NtifJIInRer. illnette BtnhJe, ES-iie \Ye!We,
Eiir.1.1 Allen, Haxel Meyers.
Mis* MMey'* dai<s. fifth rrsd?— Dtel Gird
wcod. Ja^-es l^ane, Edna Fi?rher. Eflher Hel
g»rt,on. KUa An<lerecn. Iolnntn? iterbtT. Hilda
I-uhr». Anna Horn. Mary Sanihcrg. Alice
K>->n3 Cir-if- Uiem. FisrH Axicej-».;n.
J. C. Evans' class, fifth erade— Alice Rae,
Willie Fischer Mabel Fierson. Knapp Orton,
H»z«l Petty.
N. E. Purtnton'f! clas*. fourth irrade — Myrtle
Bryant, 1'entlcpe BuUtraa, Monica Klatt.
Fi^rence Herrrnar.n. Ruth Prencwtt. May
OPhaushreery. Er.iil Kutscft, Ethel Heaphey.
Krnry Antony.
ilits Morse> cla=s. third &n&» — Mary Horn.
Nf aly Koley. Tcm ils'ory. Joe O'Neal.* May
ftokes. Virginia Kkrtljr. Htr.r>- Gumm. Mabel
French. Gorden Grundetl.
Mrs. K. n. 5tee!e'f cia«s. third trade — Allie
Jny<e. Fred Keast. Nathan Sitnlr.clt. Ksr.i
G'^odmsn. Anita Knoll. Georre Goodman.
Sf.fs Will '.airmail's das?, third rrade — Ethel
F'-Vwa'it. Arthur T*!«ttoti. Her.r>- Hartf*.
Exercises AVili Be Held on
Next Thursday, for Which
Fine Programme. Is Prepared
Graduates of the James Lick
Grammar School Given Di
plomas by Principal Stone
4
MANY SCHOLARS PROMOTED
« —
BRIGHT PUPILS
ARE REWARDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1903.
7
BAILW AY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xralni teare aixl art du« to arrlt* at
DAN KRAN CISCO.
(Mala Una, Too* at Market Str— O w
i.m*.t« — yaoit .>oTioi»a HOB. — Aaarra*
7D0a Vaeavflle. Water*. Ramiev 7&Sr
- 700 a Benlela, Salsna. Elatlra aad Sacra-
aaeato.. 7J8a>
7.33 * Vallejo, » aaa, CaiUtof a, SaaU
Roaa. alarUaes. Saa Haaaaa S-2St»
730a Ntlea, LtTeraaore. Traey. Latbro*. -
Stock:on... 7.2S#
•.00a Sbaata Kapreas — (Via Darta).
wnilaai* (f«r BarUett Sprints).
Wliiowt. irnto. lied Bluff.
PoTUaad, Taeoaa. Seattle...... 7.89*
100* DaTU.Woodlaad.Knfihts Landing.
ilarjiTl'.le, OrornH..... 7J»»
I 30a Port Oaata. Mirto'i. Aattoea.
3rron. Tr*er. Stockton. Se*-.' ' -¦»
man. - Lea Baaoa. M e a 4 • t a,
Annona, Uaaford. Visalla,
rorterrllle : 4J9a>
IJIOa Pot\ Coat*. Marttaez, Tracy, L*ti»-
rcp. .Modesto, Merced. Trttao,
OoiBea Jaaetlan. Haafard.
Vltalta. Bakerafleld 4.5Sa>
t-SO*. Ki!et;8aa Jose, Llreraaore. Stack-
toa.(tUlltoa). loae. Sacramento,
Plaeerrine, MarjsTlUe. Cbico.
Rad Bloff 4.2S»
I.SCi Oakasle. Chiarsp. Janeatawa. So-
sora. Taelemae and Aagela 4 T%P
8 00a Atlantic Kxare»a— Ogde* and East. 11.25*
9 50* Klckmond, Martlaes and Way
Stations IBS'
1000a Toe OTariaad Limited — Ogd«a,
i D-nrer. Omab», Caicajo.. ....... 6.2S>>
10.00a Vallejo 12.25a>
10.00a Loa .ab«Im Paaaengar — Port .-
Costa. Martinez. Brroa.- Tracy,
;f • Latkron. Stoekt«a. Merced.
Kaymond. Fresao. Osi&ea Junc-
tion, lUnforil. Lemoora, VUalia,
..- •'••-..- Bakersl«!J. Los Anjelrs 7.2S*
1f.CC* Hayward. Hllea ana Way Stations. 3.25»>
f140p Sacramento IM-rer Steamers tll.OOr
S-iOr Bamtela. Wlntera. Sacramento,
Wood.'aad. Knights . L^adlns,
J!«rrst!ne, OroTUle and way
statioua. < tO.SB*
tSOr Hayward. NUes and Way Stations.. 7.65*
i.30r fort Co«t», M*rt!»*z. Byroa.
Tracr. Latairof*' M»e>esto.
Merced, Fresno anrt - Way Sta-
1 ' tlons beyond Port Costa..... ... 12-25* 1
i S-30F.Martlnez.Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1023*
¦ 4 COr Martlnex.6aaIUmon.Va:ieJo,Kapa.
- , Callitoca. Santa Roaa. 9 25*
44)Of Tinea, TracT. Stockton. L»dl 4-25p
430p Haywartt. Nile*, lrrlnzion, 8*n) tS.Si*.
Joie. LlTfrmore ? II 1.55*.
i-COf Tba Owl Llalted— Newmta. Loi
ilsnoi. Mendota, Fresno. Tniara.
Bakersaeld. I.oa Aftzelea 8.53*
S4r0r Part Coata. Tracy. Stockton 12.25**
to SOr H»t wirrt. Nlies and San Jose 725*
••OOP Haywara. Nlies aad San Joae 9-iiA
fiJOr £astera.£zpre««— Ofden. Denrnr.
Omaha. St. Lonla. Chieaico asd
ttat. Port CoMa, Healcta, Sm-
sun. Elmtra, Davis. Strraraer.tr>,
Backlla. Anbnrn, Colfax,
Troekee. Boca.- l:e no. Wada-
worth. 'Wlnnemncca ............. S-2V*>
•.•ftp ValJeJo. dally, except Sunday.... f 7 > u
7-OOp Val'.ejo, Sunday only „ f *•«>•"'
7.00P Richmond, eaa Pablo, Pori Costa,
Martlaea sad Way Stations 11. 25*
I.3Sp Orejoa & California Kiprest— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. Reddlar.
Portland. Poget Sound and Kaac. 153*
t-10r Day ward, Nllea aad San Jose (Snn-
¦aTonly)...-. «.....-... :: . 11SS*
COAST LI N E (Sarr»w Ua> s *;.
tTuot ot Markel »trsct.)
CIS* Newark. CenlerTli'.e. £jn Jaae.
* Felfon,- Donloer- Creek, Saata
Crnx and Way Stations 5-53*7
tC.ifr Kewark. Cea(«Mll!e. San Jote,
Kew Atrnaden. Loa Oaux.Telton.
Koolder Cr*ek. Santa Crus and
Principal Way Station* . .... flO 55*
4.1BP Ntwattc. SaaJoae. LoaQatoa and I t8.S3a>
wayataUoni* ; » » J10 65*
•9 30r Hunters Trata, Saturiiy only. Saa
* Jose aad Way Station*. - Retarn-
• lia/rem Lm Gatos Snnilay only. t7 25>
OAKLAND HARBOR. pERRY.
From SAN KRAN CISCO. Foot or Market Si. (3!l?n
— 1::15 1:0n. U00 a.m. V00 3 00 5.15 r.m.
from OAELAVD, Foot of Rroadway — t«:tw 3;a»
tl:<O 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 00 r .*.
COAST LIN E Wroai Uaaie). '
%tT { ftttrd aatl Tawaaead Streets.)
CIO* SaaJoseand WayStaUoas fSOT
7 00* San Jote and Way SUttnns. 5.je»
• 00* New Altnadf a (Tne*.. Frld.. only). 4.10#
• 00a Coast Llae Limited— Slops oaly Saa
Joie, UUroy (connection for Bol-
llster). Pajaro. CaatroTflle, "Sa»
Una*. San Ardo. ¦ P»so ¦ Rattles,
S»nt» M»rc*rlt*,SaD Lais Osfspa,
Prlnclpsl ttatloas theice Sort V
(eoBDectlon for Loapoe) princt-
•al. station/ tkence Saata Bar-
bara aad Loa Aafelea. *< Conaoc-
uon-at CastroTtlla t* aad front
Moaterey and PaeldcGroTe.:... 13.43T
•.00a 8«o« Jo»e. Trea riaot. Capitols.
Santa Crqz.PadBcBrote.SaJlaaav
SaaXala Obtspo and Prlndpai
Way Station* ...... ..:......'.... 4-fC*>
10 JO* fan Jcie and tVny Station* " 1.20V
11 30a Santa Clara, Saa Joie. Loa Gatqi
and Way Stations ...'.... 7.38 *
1^0r 8an Jaae aad War SUttona ••¦JS*
AX8r Pacific GrareExprea* — SantaCIara
Saa' Jo«<\ Del Moate. Monterey.
J*aclSc GroT« (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cms. . Bouider
Creek and Narrow Gaut« Point*)
at Gilroy for HolUster, Trea
Ptnos. at CaatroTllle for Sallsaa. IX.ISp
3^0p Tr«s Plnos Way Passenger.. ....... 510 45*
• t4 4»r atn Joa«, (Tl» Saata Clara) Los
. GaUM. aad Principal Way Sta- •
tlana (except Snnday> tS12*
(540p Saa Jose and PrinclpalWayStatloas tS.OC*
ClOr bnntet Ltisited.— Hetfwood. Saa
Jose,Gtlroy.Sal!aas,Paso Roblea,
efan Luis Oblsps. Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. D-wila;. Kl Pasa,
New. Orleaa*. New Torkr. Con-
nect! at Pajaro for Saata Crua
sad at Caatrortllo for Pacific
Orore aad Way Stations 7.18a
t8.1&> eanMateo.BereafordJSelmoat.Saa
Car'.ca. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
MecloPsrlc. Palo Alto..:..'. t*.48*
t.?Pr Baa-Jose and Way Stations... 9.31*
11 .30r South San Ynncuto, JUllbrse. Bnr-
lldome. Saa Mateo. Belznoat. -
¦ ¦ baa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Uenlo Park, aad Pati> Alto 9.437
•VH.30P Mayfleld. Macrntatn View. Sunny>
i m'.o, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
Saa Jose t9.43r
A for Mora las. Y tor Afternoon *
5 Sunday oaly.
ifiu>»« at alt stations on Sunday.
"f Saaday exeepted. . <PS«turday oaly.
trOulr irsSn* itoppins; at Valencia St. *oathoo«a4
*re«:l!> *.*.. 7:90*.ii, 11:30 a.m., 3:Mt*. and C.SOr.ab
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gau?s Electric—
Deoart from San Franctsco Dally— 7:00. S-.w.
»-0O 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20.'l:43. 3:13. 4:13.
5 : 13 e-13. 7:0O. 8:13. 10:20, 11:43 j>. m.'
FROM SAN KAFAEL.TOSAN FR.*.XCISCCJ
— Da!!y— 5:25. 6:35. 7:40,- S:33. 9:33. U:C3 a.
m., 12:20. 1:45. 2:35. 3:43, 4:43. 3:43. «:43.
h-43. lw:t!O p. m...
FROM MILL VA1XET TO SAN FEAX-
CISCO— Datlr— 5:*5. «:35.- 7:32. -8:53. »:3S.
11-20 a. m.. 12:33. 2:C0. 3:15. 4:06. 3:06, «:ui.
7-C5 S»:00. 10:S5 d. tn.
* -THROUGH TRAIN'S. '
g-.OO a.m. daily— Ctt2*dero ana way atatJona.
£-15 p. m. we?!c daya (Saturdaya (i:ep:eil)-
Tornalea and way atattona.
3rl3 p.' m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way atm-
tions. i . . -
4 Sundays ' only— 10 «.' m.. Point ¦ Hayes aad
"waystatlons. ¦ ¦ - • - - - *
TICKET OFFICE— €28 Market st. . ,
FKRRT — Union Depot. "foot of Market at-
fhe WeSlj CalL
$1 per Ycapw
¦s^asssssssss>MSBHH^aaa*awaBSSBaaMBBSBBBBBSssss^aB^^BBSsal
i^l ¦'. JOE B,OSENBfeBG!S. / j v JOE BOSENBEBCKS. . ' * , £\{ ] JOE BOSENBEBG'S.
H Hm. {fyJi/jZO/ W I-" P P" \/i R I-" D '* not the month of bargains, but you'll 11
1 ill/ B.fyfiL/ sLrL^ILIv! 113 ILb^ sure/y fnd them here. Hsra is one of our |1
H nV *s-J*t' ' ' examples of our -way. of soiling: 5|
H \y Ti 3000 ladies are going to save money" oh .'Cloves to-day. Are fp2\ /£*&>. *|
m */ J\J you going to be one of them? We have bought at less than the im- I 1|| \\
m / y^y porter paid for them a very large quantity of women's prime Italian | HI Lj
M flftJ Glace Gloves, made with two consolidated fasteners and fine cm- Ssfe I ™
M If/ft- broidered 'backs; extra fine sewing;- soft,* pliable,' thin-skin Gloves % m | I
M If'IJn that would be a splendid value «'at' $ix» a pair— Gloves that are- per- : jf J» fij j J
Bj ffff.ftf': feet - in > every : particular of fit and finish in the followinj colors: \g
Wj/jiff ¦¦ •¦• BEOWKS MODES TANS OftAYS WEITE BLACZ «asx •
M *\/\S SXiATE I BEAVXES ,-j ' PEAKL UniM
P Which we place" oh sale to-day (Saturday) , ; only : at u... • CUi
If AC DACCMBCDfi THE I WHY N0T BUY somo of . tbeso
IJUt KU^fcWDfcKU PRICE-CUTTER Z%^'T^%
I . v 816 ITirkil Slreei md 11 O'Farfell Sireet, Phelan Building. - ; \ a pair in your pocket. v
•3 * • -
EAILWAT TRAVEL..; ] \
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities for. *n 1
economical and satisfactory jodraey to
(licag(fcE|st
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco, every Wednesday,-
Thursday, Friday and;; Saturday.-
Leave Los Angeles one' day" earlier."
CholQe of routes. ' . ' : * , * •*.
,' For full iofonnatloo apply to or addnss
R. R. RITCHIE, S.F..-BOOTK,
Cenenl Acrnt, • J Cen'l Aj-nt Pau'r 'Vtpt,','
CUcazo&Nerth-tt'esteraRjr. Union PjcI.-ic R. R. . . , .
. 617 Market St. . No. 1 Montgomery St. '
SAN FRANCISCO; CAL.J , : ., '
y J kjj^jji £1 aja^
W/~ B™
CALIFORNIA .
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEA VES DAILY, ' .'.-':
at O:3O a. m, thron^li In R days,
with diner and all trapping's.',; .
Other Santa 7a Tralni: ¦;
7:H0a. m.l fcr stocktcn. Fresno. Bakerafl*ld,
• :30 a. m.y Merced. Hanford aad Visalla. .
o;UO p. m. J • *. -
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. ' . ._¦
8 :0p p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
. Chicago. ,Vv -,
TICKET OrriCE— 641 Market St.. and
rerry .Depot, S. T. Alao llia-Broad-
..wax. Oakland. Oal. _ ' K "> . *.;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. rti
SAN FRANCISCO AN j NORTH- PACIFIC
BAXLWAT COMPAXr?. • 9 /
vtauron Ferry, i root of Karket ' Street.
SAN rEAIT CISCO TO SAX KA?AZL.
WEEK UAYS — 7:30, 9:00. H:tH> a., m. ; UC3A.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
¦ t 11:30 ip. m. ' . ¦*" '* '
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:S0. ll:C0. a. -m. ; 1:30,
3:30.-5:CO. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.-" : ;¦¦.* •--"•>-.<•
6AK RAFAEL TO SAH FBAWrClSCO.
\SEEK DAYS— «K», 7:35. • 7:&0.. 8:20. ,11:14
a in.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:2O p.;nu'" •-' ! -
• Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33;p..m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55. 5:C5. 6:21 p. m. , - v -.
Leavo I In Effect . I . .AttlVaf'v
Ean Francisco. I Sept. 27. lt>03. |San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I Destlna-. "- 1 J3un-» J "Week
Days. ( days. | y tton. ( days.: t Days/
7:30a 3:00a ' »:tOa S:40a,
0:30 a Igcaclo. 10:4(1 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p : • «:0» p 6:20 p
G:10p S:OOp ¦ '' ¦ - 7:33 p „¦ ., ¦¦ .
'7-30a ; ¦ - ¦ . 9:10a 8:4«Ja
. 8:00 a Novato, • 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p «:20p
B:10p.3:30p and ' 7:35 p • :.
I 5:00 p Santa , Rosa, • : , ,t, ,t -! »•. i
730 a • 10:40 a l«:20a
/ 8:0Oa Fulton. . 7:35 p fl:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p ' . •'"'V ' : '
-.-¦.- - Windsor. . • --„¦¦•. \ %!. : iv
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbursr, 10:40 a 10:20 a.
Lytton. " ::t v J?-5".
3-30 p 3:30 p Geyserrlll*. . 7:35 p 4:26 p
{ Cloverdalt. ."/'i,-\' 'j'-'-^"
7:30 al 8:COal Hopland v llOtio a'l<>::0 a
3:3t>p| 3:30 p( and Uklah. | ?:3S pf C;20 p
7:30 at 8:00 a| - WUUta. ,\,1:%lp\Q:i$p
7:30 a! 8:00 al T~- Il6:4&tijlj:r9*
3:30 p| 3:30 p| • OuerneTllle. \":ZXp\ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, ]9:10a|8:49a
¦..5:lO"pi 6 :00 p) Olen Ellen. ( . 6 :03 p[-,f 120 p
7:30al8:00al . ¦ : IIJIJJ A|Jg!|O a
. 3:30 p| 3:30 p|. Sebastopol. t 7:33 PlP:^ P
STAOE3 connect 'at Green • Brae- for KSaa
Quentljr; : at Santa Rosa for. >"Whlte.'. Sulphur
Bprlntfs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Manic \V«ft
Sprinsja; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllte for Skai?B»Sprln»s:-at. Cloverdalafor
the ' Geyssrs. Booneville and - (»r*«nw03d: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprites.
KeUej-vlIle, Carlsbad Springs. 8oda 'Bay. , Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah- for ¦ Vlchjr
fiprlngM Saratoga Spring*. Blue L^Jce*. Laurel
Dell Lake. -Wlttei Springs* Vpper, Lake,. Fomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Klverside. LleMjr's.
Bucknell's,- Sanhedrln Heights, ilullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Stevens,. Hopkins, Mendociafc City. Fdrt Bra^g.-
Wes' port. Usal : at WUlits for -Fort Bra«a;.
Weatport. . Sherwood. Canto. Corello. Layton-
vllle Cummlngs. Bell's Sprtnt*. Harris. Ol-
¦en'a. Dyer. GarbenMlle. Pepperwoodv Scotia
and Eureka. ; : ." '' ."-' - : •
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* it re-
duced rntea. ¦- ' . y '* '1"*' ,'¦'!'•'•-¦
On Sunday round-trip ticket* to all : points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.-.: --> c «>.;. -
Ticket office, KiO Market . street. .Chronicle
•^hJ'c? 'ynunmlv '% ./r:x nxAx.U
:¦-. . . Pen. Manager. ' Gea.<Paas..Agt,y.
~~~~< ¦••.... - ¦ ¦¦.-•¦: sr'V Y*-*-
Mt. T am alpa is R a i Lway »
Leave . : Tia Siasaliu tmj - -r.%{nWt •« /;
.-.- Saa Prandsco ftrtrf Mirtufe, . Saa Fnutc&to
,-Week bua-r i--'w« . liStnvJWeek
.Pay*, days-, *, '4*1*'^ D*»^. -
JTiSn i 1TooX I*:0irf5l40l
•1:45r 9:00a f^g SSsT - 1:*»F «:ftt>p
6:15flO:OOA TE&SZSSQr ' 3:50- 5:.%Or
11:OOa 4s50p »:50r 1
" .'S:15p '/'^W^ 1 -'- ¦'• .'.irflOp :C^ZZI
l -~ ; :1mavti 'iritt tt»p ftr* T- ; Myaas ¦ijl'irflbw fraa V
: ncm , J Sas M**x»rr ST^(North Shore *atlroa3T I
' mm I aad Sausautto Feuv, Foot Market St |
BEQAL SHOES. _ '^^^^^
/ . ¦ . . ¦ , ...
people in the shoe trade say the
gro^vth of the Regal Shoe business
has been marvelous.
Mebbe so. P'raps it has.
But listen a minute— we know the growth has been
rapid— from a mere idea in 1892, to the most extensive
retail shoe business in the world in 1903. Remarkable^
yes. But the marvel to us is that it has taken so long.
The whole problem has been to make people believe the
truth, ancf -it is positively astonishing how hard that is to do.
; . We make the very best shoes that can be produced
at any price— and we sell* them direct from tannery to
wearer at $3.50 a pair. For ten years we've been ham-
mering in that fact till it would certainly seem as if it
ought to have been driven clear through and clinched on
the other side. .
V s-i>= ftgwt that about a million people have been
convinced. That is about the number of Regal wearers.
There are nine millions more who ought to have been
convinced long ago.
Now, if one million people continuously buy Regal
Shoes, it must mean that they are satisfied with style, [ fit,
finish, comfort, wear • and price. , That is a sensible, rea-
sonable, inevitable conclusion.
Now tell us— why should you go on paying $5 and
§6 a pair for less real style and value than -you can get
inRegalsat$3.50?
Think it over. r
There are 6o Regal Stores— 20 of them in Greater New ,
York, where the styles originate. The new styles are on sale in
our San Francisco store at the same time as in the New York
stores. Other dealers get the same styles a year later.
¦ ' . ' : " ¦-'¦¦'¦ *~ - \ " ..'¦*-' ' , - ¦
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. ;
ADVEBTTSZMENTS.
Look at the Brand!
WaSter Baker's
'LOCOa and
Chocolate
Tha FINEST In tha World
Costs Less than One Gent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker&Go.Ltd.
Etsstrshci mo Dorchester, Mass.
A CHRISTMAS INVITATION
Is \ours to call ami inspect our methods
cf 'washing;, blueing, starching. Ironing,
calling for an<J dellverintr all sorts of
rlothes *»ver properly sent to a laundry
*<f the first grade, which this Is without
quetaioa. If you cannot do the calling.
«-<• v.ill com* at your calL
JCo «iaw edsres. •
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
crrrcr xos4 seaakst street.
Near. I'otrell.
?bcne Soutt 420.
A COIE LV IS UOUltS.A member of a "busted" barnstorming theatrical troupe
has fallen heir to a fortune of $100,000 m St. Louis. It
ij -.thus that fate conspires against a suffering public- to
inflict it.with. new atrocities in stage stars and histrionic
impossibilities: [¦ :¦ . • ' \ - - ¦ ¦ ¦
How About It?
1 Some think that the English have a
superior journalistic instinct to that
which exists in America. Others do
not share that belief. Now here is how
the London Westminster Gazette "cov
ered" a murder story: _ : . '."I
"TRAGEDY AT BLACKPOOL."
"Henry Bertram Starr, a slater's la
borer, this ntornlngr visited Lord street,
Blackpool, where his wife was 3tayiflg
with her mother, and after a brief al
tercation repeatedly stabbed her in the
breast and neck with a knife which he
picked up from the breakfast table, and
the poor woman died within a few min
utes." v
How would that look tucked in among
advertisements in the middle' Eheet of
an American znetrocc-litan daily?
Royal Fireman.
-\ By actively assisting to subdue the
flames at his racing stables Lord Rose-
VALHALLA— Subscriber. City. Ac
cordlnsr toi Scandinavian mytholotcy
Valhalla, also written Walhalla. is the
Palace of Immortality, inhabited by
the souls of heroes slain in battle. This
hall stood in Gladsheim (the hall of
Joy), in -front of which was a beautiful
grove called glasur. whose trees bore
Roldeh leaves. In the Free Public Li
brary you can find many books that
will. give a. full account of this. hall.
. RICH MEN— Subscriber. Oakland.
Cal. There is no absolute cprtainty
about the wealth of the rich men of
the world, .as their reported wealth is
only a matter of sruesawc-rk. It has
been asserted that th*e income of John
D. Rockefeller, the oil maamate. and
Alfred Beit, the South African mineral
king, is about $100 per minute or $144,000
a day of twenty-four hours.
Strong Hoarhound Candy. Townsend's.*
It is time to express Townsend'a Glace
Fruits East for Christmas now; •
Look out for 73 4th st." front Key's 6Vs.
house. Eyeglasses, specs, 20c-oCc; best. *
Towr.send's California glace fruits anA
candles. 50c a pound. " In artistic fir M.
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastefo
friends. 713 Market it. above Call bids. •
Special . information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 230 Call*
foraia street. Telephone Main iOO. *
RIPENING OF ORANGES.
TWO prominent witnesses from Southern California
have come into court to testify relative to the time
when it is possible to ship ripe oranges from the
counties of the State south of Tehachapi. The Eos An
geles Herald is one and the other is the San Bernardino
Sun. The people in the orange growing counties thatiie
north of Tehachapi will peruse the testimony with inter
est. ' ¦
• "It is impossible," says the Los Angeles Herald, "to
send thoroughly prime oranges to the Eastern market
from this section available for Christ,mas.'.'
The San Bernardino Sun says : "That oranges will . not
be ripe for heavy shipments for the Christmas markets
was the unanimous report brought in by:dire'ctors 'of the
San. Bernardino County Fruit Exchange, which met in
the new Court-street offices of the exchange yesterday
afternoon. Nearly all the districts were represented by
directors, and the same report, that the fruit is slow in
coloring, came from. all directions."
The Los Angeles Herald says: "The, orange crop for
the present season will^ be the largest, and it promises to
be one of the best on. record. It will not begin to moye
in large quantities until after the ; holidays, by whichuime
a ; part of it will be fully, matured."
t The * counties , south ."of | .Tehachapi. are magnificent in
enterprise," keen < in business sagacity, • rich in lands ; that
TOBACCO— Curious. City. It has
been asserted that ' tobacco fa a pre
ventive against infectious diseases. A
trade Journal some time since asserted,
that a man who had for more tha.-»
forty years, been employed in tobacco
factories had informed it that - in al!
that time he had never known of the
death of a tobacco cutter or cJgarmaker
from cholera or smallpox.
The aeroplane of Lan&ley has been definitely, safely
and without any unnecessary harm to the neighboring
country proved to be a failure. The people of the coun
try in which Langley operated are to be congratulated.
Both on and off the earth his airship was a menace to
life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
WEDDING Mary.
City. It is in the line of superstitions
that it is unlucky to marry en Satur
day, to try on the wedding ring, to
wear the wedding dress until Just be
fore the marriage ceremony, to put ths
left foot forward on leaving the church
or not to shed a tear, after the cere
mony. ¦ ¦ . . '.',;
I GLADSTONE— S., City.. "William E.
Gladstone, once Premier of England,
was born in Liverpool December 29.
1809. He was the son of Sir John G.
Gladstone, a well known merchant of
that place. His parentage on both
sides was Scotch,
'Answers to Queries.
FIRMS— Call reader, Berkeley, CaL
This department does not give any In
formation as to the financial standing
of any firm, individual or association.
THE Presidential candidacy of Mr. William Ran
dolph Hearst not only adds to the gayety of nations,
but induces an interesting study of the chameleon
in politics. It is known, of course, and by all men, that
the chameleon is a member, of the lizard family, a degen
erate -descendant of the mighty saurians. It is also
known to paleontologists that the word saurian comes
from saur. or dirt, and that the saurians were the animals
that lived in the dirt.
The chameleon takes on the color of whatever he lies
on. You meet a chameleon one day basking on garbage
and he looks like garbage. Next day he is sunning him
self on a lichen-covered rock and looks like a lichen.
But we are not writing a treatise on the paleozoic age,
but intend- merely to address ourselves to the chameleon
in politics. Not long ago Mr. Hearst, in furtherance of
his Presidential candidacy, published of himself in his
own newspapers that he Vis the implacable foe of in
herited wealth.": That day he was basking on union
labor and faithfully took on its color. It is true that
some surprise was felt by those who knew that his own
wealth was inherited, but a little* thing lil^e that makes
no difference. (
Now he causes it to be published in his own news
papers that as •"Mr. Bryan, who leads the extreme liber
als* of the party, is out by his own declaration, and Mr.
Cleveland, the leader of the conservative or wealthy ele
ment, is now impossible by his own declaration, there
should be found a man who combines the elements of
wealth, so that legal wealth in the country may feel that
it will not be unjustly assaulted, and one whose personal
sympathies are with the masses of the people on the great
measures necessary for their" prosperity." They solve
this f^or. themselves by saying 'that Hearst embodies these
elements more than any other man now before the coun
try. .0
- That is the color of 'Mr. Hearst as the conservative suc
cessor of Cleveland. He takes on the'hue of wealth. But
the whole question is not solved. He said before that he
was the implacable foe of inherited wealth and now that
he is the champion of, legal- wealth. Are we to under
stand from this that inherited' wealth is illegal, that it
belongs to others than its' heirs? If so, to whom?
Thc-answer concerns many who are helpless against
chameleon schemes for their spoliation. All over the
country, are widows and orphan children who have in
herited property. Much or little, it is their wealth. It
is cared for by v trust companies under probate control.
As Mr. Hearst is the champion of legal wealth only
and the implacable foe of inherited wealth, what manner
of attack will he make upon the estate of the widow and
.orphan? Will it be outlawry and confiscation? What
will the chameleon do with it? .
If out of the saur, the dirt, is to come the successor of
Cleveland, representing the wealthy element, and the foe
of inherited property, which' Mr." Bryan opposed by say^
ing that he attacked the interest of -those who- lived ori
fixed incomes, will the watchman lift his«voice and please
tell us what of the night ? '
A CHAMELEON CANDIDATE:
The curious affairs- and devious ways of the County
Clerk have at last become subjects of diligent inquiry
by the 'Grand Jury. There is always 6ne distinguishing
disadvantage to a post mortem investigation. The sub
ject is always fortunately dead, and the public is not
spurred to interest by a prospect of any revelation of
novelty in the case.
Curious Cures.
BY W. R. C. LATSON. M. IX
(Editor Health Culture Marazlne. New York.)
(Copyright. 15*03, by Joseph's. Bowles.)
The history, of medicine is the his
tory at once of human error and hu
man progress. In no other field have
prejudice and superstitutien held more
powerful and more deadly sway. In
none have there been more arduous re
search and unflagging effort to achieve
the object aimed at. the cure of human
weakness and disease.
As Bacon said, "The complexity of
the universe exceeds the subtlety of
man," and In no respect is this more
strikingly true than in regard to the
human body. In spite of laboric-us /ind
painstaking study by thousands of de
voted students, we know but little of
the human body. If it be true to-day—
as 'all students of, physiology must ad
mit—that, compared with astronomy,
physics or mathematics, the science of
physiology is merely in its infancy, how
much more must it have been true in
those days when men had to depend for
thtir information upon practitioners
unaided by the light of modern science.
In addition to entire ignorance of the
organism he. was supposed to repair,
the physician all through the ages has
been at another great disadvantage.
His very anxiety to heal the patient
has been a stumbling block, and has
led him to seek always the strange and
curious through his own superstitious
hope that in some mystical manner
such agents would effect what mole
commonplace measures would not.
Another cause of erroT has "arisen in
consequence of the fact that every dis
order is in reality a duality — a condi
tion presenting two distinct although
interdepende.t phases. First of all, we
have the actual physical derangement,
the disease; secondly, we have the pa
tient's mental state, . his own concep
tion of his condition. Any remedy
which affects the patient's mind has
an immediate influence upon the bodily
condition. - If he be encouraged and
made more sanguine there is an im
mediate Invigoration of all vital activi
ties, and recovery is facilitated. If by
any means the patient be disheartened
or depressed, there is immediate and
marked increase of all unfavorable
symptom?, and the chances of recov
ery are lessened by just so much. A
remedy, then, which is in. itself quite
useless", or even harmful, may by ap
pealing to the patient's imagination, so
as to arouse anticipation of relief, con
duce to his recovery. The same drug
given to a patient who lacked faith in
it and in the doctor who prescribed it
would be quite unavailing or harmful.
We can readily understand how the
doctor of the olden times, finding that
strange and weird prescriptions pro
duced good effects and quite ignorant
of the physical principle involved,
should have been led to believe that
the curative power lay in the strange
ness of his compound and should have
Btriven to make his prescription even
more and more strange and impressive.
Dr. ' Ambrose Parey, a, famous Eng
lish doctor, published In 1579 a book on
medical practice which was for many
years an accepted authority on medi
cine and surgery^. One of the remedies
on which he places greatest confidence
as a medicament of general application
Is "mummie." '^Mummie" he describes
as "a liquor flowing from the aromatic
embalmments of dead bodies, which
become dry and hard."
Parey waa evidently a believer in
water cure, and had some dim idea of
tbe b&neflcial results sometimes follow
ing physiologic shock. His methods,
howerer.'-j were rather drastic. After
descanting on the value of certain
measures he goes on to say: "I would
not cast the patients out of the window,
but would rather cast', them/suddenly,
and thinking of ¦ no such thing, into a
great "cistern filled with cold water,
with their ; heads foremost. • Neither
would I take them; out, until they had
drunk a great quantity of water, ,00
that by sudden fall and strong fear
the frenzy might be carried from above
downward* 'f rom the noble parts to the
Ignoble parts/' ' - s
Storm in a Teapot.
That astute old gossiper about things
as they, are in Europe, Marquis de Fon
tenoy, thinks that there is a pretty
kettle of fish simmering in Bulgaria.
He says:
"The fact that a family council
should have been in session last week
in Sofia, in which not only Prince Fer
dinand's mother, the aged Princess
Clementine of Saxe-Coburg, and his
elder brother. Prince Philip, but also
all the other adult mstlc members of
the Coburg family took part, indicates *
that some very grave subject has been
under discussion. It is the first time
since Ferdinand has been on the Bul
garian throne that there has' ever been
such a gathering of the members of
the Saxe-Coburg family, at Sofia. The
question which the Prince 13 under
stood to have submitted to his rela
tives was as to the policy of his abdi
cating his crown in favor of his 10
year-old boy. Prince Boris, his own po
sition at Sofia having become unten
able. Until a year ago he was able in
a measure to rely upon the loyalty of
his thoroughly up-to-date, .well-drilled
and, well-equjpped army. But his atti
tude throughout the troubles in Mace
donia have to such a degree destroyed
his popularity among his troops that
instead of constituting a source of
strength and security they .have be
come a serious danger to his throne.
There are a very large number of
Macedonians among the officers of the
Bulgarian army, and those who are not
Macedonians themselves have
Macedonian relatives and 1 affiliations.
Thanks to this, almost th6 entire corps
of officers is bitterly incensed against
the Prince. They openly denounce him.
The malcontents are too numerous to
arrest or cashier, and their sentiments
may* best be described by the mani
festo which has been circulated among
them, which runs thus: 'Comrades,
every man with a Bulgarian heart and
breast must feel that the role forced
upon U3,by Prince Ferdinand has dis
graced us in the eyes of all Europe. It
is only a Prince who is no Bulgarian
that falls to understand how he has
thus dragged not only the honor, but
the future, of Bulgarians in the dust." "
'A Serious Detail.
In the life of a police reporter some
curious incidents happen. On one oc
casion while police headquarters was
at the City Hall a message was re
ceived about 1 o'clock in the morning
that a lion had escaped from a cage in
a circus at Central Park. The report
ers of the three morning papers hur
ried tor the scene. They entered the
park by a side gate on Eighth street
and were followed by a boy about 16
years of age. S' >["¦
Inside the tent the circus men, each
carrying a torch, were diligently
searching for the escaped lion. As the
reporters and the .boy stood watching
the waving torches it suddenly dawned
upon them that if the lion came their
way something serious might happen.
They had just 'concluded to return to
the hall when there was a rush made
by the men with the torches in their
direction and an animal sprang against
the canvas.
With a yell the reporters and the
boy scurried away to places of safety.
One of the reporters climbed to the top
of the band wagon and as he climbed
up the boy grabbed hold of his foot.
The reporter,, thinking it was the lion,
gave a despairing yell that could be
heard for* blocks. "Thatihad the effect
of increasing the speed of the other
two, one of whom went hand over hand
to the top of a telephone pole; the
other ran till he reached a saloon on
the corner of Eighth and Market
streets and, rushing in, he caused a
stampede by shouting out that an es
caped lion from the circus was after
him.
, It was subsequently learned that the
lion was captured and put back in the
cage without trouble and that the ani
mal that scared the reporters was a
big Newfoundland dog that had been
mistaken for the king of beasts. But
it was many moons before the newspa
per men completely recovered.
Costly Modest v.
- A well-known San Francisco politi
cian in years gone by lost a very fat
and lucrative position by his brusque
way of showing his modesty.
This man was known as the "Major"
and during the campaign of General
Grant he contributed much to the elec
tion of that distinguished man to the
President's chair. The then United
States Senator from California recom
mended the "Major" for the position of
United States Marshal for the Northern
Di&tiict. In due time the "Major" re
ceived a letter from the Senator in
forming him of his good luck In secur
ing the position and suggested that It
would be well if the "Major" would
visit the national capital and become
personally acquainted with President
Grant. The invitation was accepted and
in due time the "Major" arrived in
Washington and, with a letter of in
troduction, presented himself at the
White House, where he was most gra
ciously received and personally thanked
by the President for his share in elect
ing him.
"Major Blank," said President Grant,
"in view of what you have done for
the success of the Republican party In
California. I have prepared your com
mission as United States Marshal.? 7 ¦'
"Mr. President," said the "Major,"
straightening himself up and throwing
out his chest, "It was not I who did
this; it was the man 'round the corner."
Grant looked up at the "Major" with a
scowl ; on his face and said:
"Very well; I will send for t-h-a-t
man 'round the corner and reward him
for his services." Grant stood up and
left the room and the "Major" returned
minus his commission.
Great Railroad Fights.
1ST EARL D. BERRY.
(Fonn»r Kailrcad Editor New York Time* and
Xw York Sun.)
tCopvrtpht, J4*O". by Joeeph B. Bowie*. >
Recent Wall street rumors of a
Rockefeller-Cassatt fight for control of
tbe Pennsylvania Railroad bring to
mind other strenuo-ug contests for the
possession of great railroad properties.
In the case of the Pennsylvania, offi
cial denials that there is any attempt
to change the control are emphatic and
explicit, but some other great fights
fpr railway control have passed into
history. Just as the large buying of
Pennsylvania shares in the stock mar
ket led to the reports that the Rocke
fellers were seeking to acquire the
property, so a sudden and abnormal de
mand for Northern Pacific stock early
in May, 1901, indicated to Wall street
that "somebody was after that prop
erty."
. .
The main facts of the Northern Pa
cific fight are doubtless still fresh in
the public mind. An important detail
is recalled in the annual report of the
Union Paci " Railroad, issued a few
days ago, wherein the statement is
made that JS2,491,OO0 of Oregon Short
Line bonds have been issued to cover
the cost of the purchases of Northern
Pacific stock which were made by E.
H. Harriroan and his friends during
those exciting May days of two years
ago. This large sum represents a ma
jority of the Northern Pacific's $155.
000,000 of stock. Mr. Harrjman, through
The banking house of Kuhn,. Loeb &
Co.. deliberately set out to buy control
of this great property away from J.
Pierpont Morgan and -James J. Hill,
because the Union Pacific was denied
participation in the joint purchase of
the Chicago. Burlington and Quincy
system by the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern companies. Mr. Har
riman started to buy Northern Pacific
¦when it was selling at about 125. His
movements were quick and energetic,
and h<? took the controlling manage
ment of that road completely" by sur
prise. Both sides bc-ught fast and fu
riousiv for two days, forcing the price
ud to 51000 a share and so effectually
'¦cornering" the stock that a very se
rious panic threatened. Many brokers
sold Northern Pacific stock that they
did rot possess, and widespread ruin
would have followed had not J. P. Mor
gan fz Co. and Kuhn, Loeb & Co. mu
tually aere^d to ease up on the con
tracts. Although Mr. Harriman suc
ceeded in acquiring a majority of all
the shares, the victory was technically
with the Morgan party, which held a
majority of the common stock, in which
the voting power alone was vested.
Some of the Gould millions gave Mr.
Harriman temporary aid in this great
fight, and it is interesting to contem
plate the important 'part that the
Gould millions have played in other
railway controversies. Jay Gould on
two occasions had to fight for the
Union Pacific which Mr. Harriman now
controls. The most remarkable contest
with xvhirh the elder Gould was con
nected, however, was the Erie Railroad
war. It was fn 1867 that Commodore
Vanderbilt undertook to buy the Erie
road. This property had become the
football of Wai! Ftreet. through the
speculative tendencies of Daniel Drew,
and Vanderbilt thought that it would
be easy for him to buy a majority of
the stock. Jay Gould and James Fisk
Jr. were associated with Mr. Drew in
the cc-r.trol of Erie, and when they
found that Commodore Vanderbilt's
millions were being poured into Wall
street to acauire Erie stock they se
cretly, and contrary to an order of the
court, issued 100,000 shares of new
stock. More than 510,000.000 was paid
by purchasers of this 'stock," which
had no va!id existence. Vanderbilt took
it in $1,000,000 block?, and when the
trick -was exposed the price of Erie
dropped so fast that the commodore's
friends thought he was ruined. Power
ful financial influences came to his aid,
and he soon succeeded in gettingon his
• • •
Warrants were issued for the arrest
of Drew. Gould and Fisk, and they and
other Erie director fled to Jersey City,
tsHng with them the company's bc-oks
and papers and all t!;e cash that they
«rald lay h3cd« upon. Charles Fran
cis Adams, in his "History of . Erie."
cays that one individual bore away in
a coach 56.000,000 in greenbacks. By
a Ifbpra! use of this stolen money a
Tweed Legislature at Albany was in
dneed to legalize the fraudulent issue
of Erie securities. Threatened with
prosecution in the cc-arts. Drew. Gould
and Fisk Trent stealthily to Commodore
Vamjerbilfs nous* Just before daylight
cue morning and effected a compro
mise, by "which they refunded to him
a Iars* Dart of the money that he
had paid cat for the ille*ral Erie stock.
Two or three 7earc afterward, -when
Gould and hia aseociiiGE wer* forcibly
deposed £ron» th? control' of the Erie
joad by a majority of the stockhold
ers, led by General Daniel E. Sickles,
a restitution of about $3,000,000 -was
ssade to the Brie company. This
amount of the company's property the
Gotdd-FUfc TCtfmf wai accused of hav
ing: eonrerted to their own use.
One of tli* memorable railroad fights
la ihlm country tu the contest be
t»rc«i the Atebfcon. Topefca. and Santa
Fe aad the Denver and Rio Grande
companies tor po««ewion of the
"Royzl Gorge in tho Grand Canyon of
LAST spring we noted the celebration of the ninetieth
birthday of Hon. Jesse D. Carr of Salinas, and now
we record his death, which occurred at his home in
Salinas yesterday. His career, j beginning in Tennessee
and extending several; States of the South, in
which his remarkable energy found activity, carried him
into the Mexican war. with Taylor's, army and finally
fixed him in .California soon after the American occupa
tion. ' vCs/*; - ¦ ;• " '¦¦•"¦- • -
. Here for more than a lialf century he was a vital force
and most picturesque figure. A. man of iron will, he was
attracted by difficulties and never flinched from embar
rassments. /This led him'into fields- that he won alone,
because weaker men were fepelledby the ¦hindrances to
success. The soul of hospitality- and of the, most t genial
social qualities, he had the spirit of a soldier, the suavity
of a gentleman, the address and resources of a diplomat.
He was "welcomed in the White House by every Presi
dent from Taylor to Cleveland arid, without regard to
party. politics, his advice was sought by 'them all.
General Taylor always said that he won the battle of
Buena Vista by a diversion created by Mr. Carr/ and
during the Presidency of old Rough and Ready Carr was
a most welcome and trusted friend at the White House.
With all his influence in and knowledge of politics he
was not an office seeker.. The most important public sta
tion he ever filled was«as the organizer of the customs
service in San Pfancisco, to which he was chosen that
the Government might' have the benefit of his keen-genius
for' business organization.
In his long career he championed every good cause
mightily with his purse and his energy, and ;he fought
every bad one with the courage of a crusader. His
friends knew him for everything that was gentle and
kindly and helpful and his enemies as a tireless, resource
ful and straight fighter. He was about the last of the
mighty men of early California. He was the contem
porary and companion of Gwin and Fremont and his
long life of war and peace, of activity projected with
force into many fields, ends with his honor unscarred
and as stainless as a star..
bery is added to the famous people who
have turned fireman on occasion, says
the London Chronicle. Though we now
learn that it is not true that the Pope
superintended the work of putting out
the fire at the Vatican, the German Em
peror was certainly well to the front
when there was an outbreak in the
new palace a year ago. King Edward,
too. displayed the utmost energy when
a fire took place at Marlborough House
in July, 1863. He took command of tha
water taps and superintended the fill
ing and passing of jugs and buckets,
and the flames not abating he took fur
ther measures. When Captain Shaw
arrived with the brigade he found the
King in his shirtsleeves and as black
as a sweep, hard at work ripping up
the flooring to get at the seat of the
fire.
THE DEATH - OF JESSE D. CARR.
Santo Domingo, with many protestations of friendship
and esteem, wants the United States t6 become the
guardian of her national future. Before accepting" this
equivocal honor it might be well for Washington to in
quire if there is; anything on earth, except annihilation,
that can preserve the peace of the Dominicans among
themselves. \ ' .
The Yellow Terror.
Dr. Clarence Tfllman, surgeon for
several of the athletic clubs, abhors
the Chinese. Natural antipathy to the
yellow man has been accentuated by a
sad experience. . Two of the young phy
sician's friends conceived the idea that
it would be a jolly good joke to give
Tillman a day with the Mongols. One
Saturday afternoon the pair spent sev
eral hours in Chinatown engaging Chi
nese boys as house servants to report
Sunday at the Tlllman home, In the
Mission. " . :
Bright and early Sunday morning the
Chinese contingent began to show.
One, two, three, four, ten and twenty—'
the number grew and grew. The neigh
bors wondered, and Tlllman, beside
himself with rage, knew not what to
do to stem the flood /of invading
"chinks." It was a steady procession
all day. To protect himself Tillman
borrowed' a neighbor's Great Dane, but
the canine only tore up the flower beds,
and encouraged by fondlings from the
timorous Chinese let the stream con
tinue to the door. *'f
Anywhere from fifty to a hundred
angry 'Chinese congregated at the
house, and before the Incipient riot of
the . deceived callers was checked the
police from. the Seventeenth-street sta
tion had been summoned. Fearing
vengeance, . Tlllman - hired a special
watchman "to guard the house that
night. .To add insult to injury Till
man's friends pasted- a huge Chinese
sign, done on brightest of reds, on the
front door, and then the harried man
was ready to die.
the Arkansas, and subsequently for the
very existence of the Rio Grande road.
This was war, in which physical
force and firearms were resorted to as
well as *\-jery expedlentof the law. The
strife, which extended over a period of
two years, was started by the forcible
seizure of a narrow mountain pass by
a gang of men-in the. employ of the
Atchison road. This pass afforded the
only available railroad route through
the mountains to the great mining re
gion of Leadville, in Colorado. Both
roads were determined to extend to
Leadville. and President. Strong of the
Atchison and President Palmer of the
Denver and Rio Grande each recognized
the importance of securing control of
the Royal Gorge, and made their plans
accordingly. A small force of Atchison
men reached the mouth of the pass a
few hours before their rivals one morn
ing in April, 1S78. A dozen shovelfuls
of- dirt were thrown up and formal
declaration was made that the con
struction o£ the Canyon City and San
Juan Railroad had begun.
"When the chief 'engineer of the Den
ver and Rio Grande reached the en
trance to the pass with 200 men and a
construction outfit he found scarcely a
dozen Atchison representatives on
guard. Thinking it an easy matter to
intimidate this - small force, the Rio
Grande party started to march into the
gorge. The leaders, . however, looked
over the muzzles of rifles and revolvers
in the hands of men of well-known de
termined character. Seeing that an adr
vance meant bloodshed the larger party
withdrew and left the handful of Atchi
son men in possession for the time be
ing. Subsequently armed bodies com
prising several hundred men were
marched to the scene, but nothing more
than threatening . demonstrations en
sued. Meanwhile the courts of Colorado
were ke?t busy by innumerable legal
tactics. While the controversy was at
its fiercest the Denver and Rio Grande
became impoverished, and President
Palmer was obliged to lease his road
to the Atchison company. The owners
of the Rio Grande road speedily became
dissatisfied with the Atchison policy to
ward their property and took aggres
sive steps to break the lease and re
claim the road.
' ¦ •
will produce fine oranges. In view, however, of these
statements, and bearing in mind that ripe oranges have
fcr several weeks past been going forward to the Eastern
market from Tulare, Butte, Placer and other sections
north of Tehachapi, the contention would seem to have
been abandoned by the Southern California people that
their climate ripens oranges earlier than that of Northern
and Central California.
TALKING OFFICERS
SEVERAL army and navy officers in recent years
have talked too much. Some of them have em
barked on the rough sea of domestic questions and,
like General Funston, have talked themselves, to an en
forced standstill. Others, more ambitious, -have -sailed
on the broader ocean of international questions and
have undertaken to create issues with other countries
embarrassing to our Government.
In regard to this practice a question of. veracity has
arisen between General Mac Arthur of the regular army
and Colonel Jones of the Hawaiian militia. s In a report
to Governor Carter, .in which he, enlarged upon the im
portance of the island militia, the colonel said he had
the assurance of General MacArthur that we arc on the
eve of a war with Germany. This was accompanied by
an exposition of Pan-Germanic spirit to the effect' that
the Kaiser was forcibly promoting a substantial union of
all men of German blood wherever domiciled to support
by sympathy and uprising the spread of the empire. In
support of this view .General MacArthur was reported as
lamenting that the Germans in the United States stu
diously avoided enlisting for the Spanish war, and he put
this down with other signs and tokens in the political earth
and sky to demonstrate that wherever a German goes he
carries the empire and its militarism with him. j He was
reported as disturbed also by the fecundity of the.Ger
mans, which was represented as deliberately planned to
create a surplus population for the purpose of. migrating
and carrying the empire with it. v .' V V '¦
Colonel Jones two days after all this portentous
prophecy was given to him wrote it down and reported it
to the Governor of Hawaii, intending thereby to create
a thrill that would inure to the benefit of the militia.
Now comes General MacArthur declaring that the re
port exaggerated and distorted what he did say, but he
refrains from stating how it looked, and was worded be
fore it was refracted inthe prism of Colonel Jones' mili
tary enthusiasm. Jones comes into focus long enough
to say that he did not intend his report of the conversa
tion to be made public and is supported' by" Governor
Carter, who says the publication was unauthorized and
occurred through a misunderstanding. This moves, us
to offer the advice that officers do not talk with -tattlers
and that tattlers do not tattle to officers.'
The net result of the affair is that if the expressions in
regard V 3 Germany and the Germans were not; the
ments of General MacArthur they were the views of Colo
nel Jones, so that they are only one remove; any way.
It is not for regular, officers of the army or navy to cre
ate international complications by walk or' conversation.
Our system of government wisely confides international
affairs to the executive, who should not be embarrassed
by military subordinates. Nor is it the function of a
militia colonel in Hawaii or elsewhere to sniff the battle
afar off and thereby begin the embroiling of his country
with a friendly foreign power. (
As far as the Germans in the United States are con
cerned they seek naturalization as soon as the law per
mits a^d.jare .amo,ag. ( qur best alien borri citizens. The
first great migration" of Germans hither followed the
revolution of 1848. They came from Schleswig-Holstein
and Bavaria mostly, but there were, many Prussians.
Their leaders, Schurz, Sigel, Ottendorfer, Hassurek and
others, became Americans in spirit and purpose. They
set the pace for all Germans who have followed them,
and it is probable that there^ are among us none who
have cherished in greater purity American sentiment.
They did what some other aliens have failed to do. They
left behind them the politics, the jealousies and conten
tions, the grudges and revenges of the Old World, and
addressed themselves with spirit and intelligence to the
public affairs and higher politics of their adopted coun
try, as they did to its best industries and larger enter
prises.
This :s not saying that they forgot the Fatherland, but
they remembered it not for the glories of its dynasty nor
the glitter of its imperial pageantry, but for its schools,
its homes of virtue, its students, scholars and philoso
phers, whose patience and genius had pushed scientific
investigation, to thej ultimate, had turned a searching lens
upon the dead past and brought out of it the facts that
overthrow modern superstition and emancipate human
reason. Tbeyj realized* that Germany is greater than
the empire, better than its, armies," stronger than its
power, with a jurisdiction in the wide republic of
thought and letters, which mere political empire can
never achieve. Because they come with such motives,
illustrated by such conduct, they have been fellowshiped
by Americans, and their assimilation has raisedthe power
of our blood and strengthened/every sinew of the nation.
To say that such a people are, the sinister agents of the
empire, living among .us physically. but apart from us
in purpose and sentiment, using the broader opportunity
of our free and splendid institutions only to gather, the
substance and gain the strength to assist in their over
throw, is to utter slander, whether the expression be that
of a regular army officer or the hitherto unheard of colo
nel of an island militia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1903.
THE SAN FRMC I SC Q : Q ALL.
JOHN D.SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .... . . • • • .'Address AU Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <^§||^^*> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY ; .". ......................;. . .DECEMBER 12, IQ03
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MAN AND
WOMAN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8BCENEB AT BUENA VISTA PARK. MARIN COUNTT, YESTERDAY WHEN
THE PUBLIC SCHOOL, CHILDREN OF SAUSALITO WERE MADE HAPPY
WITH CHRISTMAS PRESENTS DONATED BY THE CITIZEN'S.
Pen troubles disappear, when you get a
fountain pen that fits ; your hand, i We
have all. kinds and can nt .any.- hind
Prices from J1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn,
Vail & Co- 741 Market street. Belling:
agents for the "Waterman," "Regal" and
"Marshall" fountain pens. • -
The. date i for the appearance . of the
Gabrielson typewriter has again been
postponed until March 1. 1904. Mr. Ga
brielson has. I moved with his family; to
Syracuse from Springfield, Mass., where
he wai employed;on ¦ the Monarch ' ma
chine,, which , bis latest ', production * Is
VaM to resemble" In appearance, as well
as In some ' of Its mechanical . features.
The Gabrlelson] machine will be manu
factured at j Syracuse, . K.%Y./ . by , I* ¦> C.
Smith ; & ;, Brothers.--: (The i Typewriter
and - Pbonographio } World.) , -1 r * . k •
The Gabrielson Typewriter.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 11.— Dr. C. H.
Blemer. State Veterinarian, has re
turned from a tour of ' inspection
through Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obispo and Kings counties. •?He,discov
ered . some violations of the Federal
quarantine regulations, but no cases of
disease. a^Stl&wSSyEi
Quarantine Regulations Violated.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 11.— Judge Rhodes
to-day decided the suit of the Union
Savings Bank vs. the estate of Jose V.
de Lavaega, deceased, ¦ in favor of the
latter on the ground ¦ that the bank
had 'neglected" to present its claim to
the executors. TJie- action was brought
to collect an assessment of $50 a share
on 100 shares of plaintiffs capital
stock. . v •
Court Sustains the Executors.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 11.—Charle
tcagne Tower Jr.. Minister to Russia,
and other heirs of his late father have
received nearly a half million dollars
as the result of the sale of timber lands
in this State acquired by his father
thirty years ago at the time of the
Jay Cooke failure. Charlemagne Tower
Sr. was originally one of the heavy
holders of Northern Pacific stock.
At the time of the Cooke failure he is
said to have exchanged a large block
of stock for timber lands along the
main line between Tacoma and Port
land. After his death and up to a few
years agro the tract taken entire was
offered at J5 per acre. Negotiations for
its purchase by Tacoma lumbermen fell
through and the price was^ advanced
to $10. At laat the idea of disposing
of the estate in one transaction was
abandoned and it was put on the mar
ket in smaller tracts.
Walter Ef. Knapn of Vermont was
sent here to represent the estate and
sell the property as rapidly as possi
ble. A deal for the sale of the last of
the 40,000 acres was closed yesterday,
when the Centralia Shingle Company
purchased 19,600 acres lying along the
New Aukum River, near Chehalis. to
Cinnabar Falls. The tract carries 400,
000,000 feet of*marketable fir.
COXVICT WOOD TO STAND
SECOND TRIAL FOR HIS LIFE
Authorities Deterniine to Prosecute
Him In O Dorado County for *
Murder of Guardsmen.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 1L— While criti
cism is still ringing in the ears of the
Jurors who voted to let Convict J. H.
Wood off with light punishment for the
murder of Guard W. L. Cotter, plans
are under way which are intended to
bring the desperate Folsom escape to
the gallows. Wood is undergoing im
prisonment at Folsom on his original
life sentence, so his conviction on a
charge of murder in the second degree,
with a term of imprisonment as the.
penalty, meant nothing whatever to
him. But it is known that Wood was
one of the escaped convicts who at
Placerville. El Dorado County, killed
Militiamen Rutherford and Jones at
the Grand Victory, mine.
District Attorney Seymour said to
day that be was convinced that the
desperado's trail from the time he left
Pilot Hill to the time of the tragic
scene at the Grand Victory mine was
perfectly plain. . In company with Dis
trict Attorney Peters 'of El Dorado
County, Seymour visited ~ th© ground
and examined witnesses,- with the re
sult they have secured evidence enough
to warrant them in proceeding with
the trial of Wood for murder at ' the
county seat of El Dorado County.
BUTLER. Pa.. Dec. 11. — But one death from
typhoid fever and four new |eaaes are reported
to-day. Physicians believe the epidemic has
fcttn checked. . ¦
Stale Eggs Arc Thrown at Minister.
CORVALLIS, Dec. 11.— While sitting
in the pulpit at an evening service, in
Kings Valley last Sunday night Rev.
Mr. Vernon, a colored minister from
Portland, became the target for a vol
ley of stale eggs thrown at him
through a window. The affair hap
pened at the old Evangelical Church
building, a mile and j a , quarter south
of the Kings Valley store. Residents
of the vicinity were in Corvallis to-day
for the purpose of bringing. the matter
to the attention of the authorities.
WILLITS. Dec. 11.— Several men had
an exciting ride on a push car on the
mountain grade on the California and
Northwestern Railway's extension here
this afternoon. They were riding down
the grade on a hea%'ily laden car when
it became unmanageable and ran
away with them. Several of them
Jumped after the car had attained a
high speed, while two others remained
with the car until It flew the track.
They were all severely injured except
the two who stayed with the car.
John Komones and Thomas Dillon
were injured Internally and Komones
had his shoulder and hip broken. The
injured were brought here by special
train to receive medical aid. -
The car ran down the mountain for
four miles and had it not Jumped the
track when it. did it would h-ive
crashed into a work gang.
Push Car on the California
and Northwestern Extension
Gets Beyond Control of Crew
Sale of Holdings in State of
Washington Nets Fortune to
Heirs of Charlemagne Tower
TIMBER LANDS
COMMAND PRICE
EXCITING RIDE
DOWN A GRADE
It was admitted by the interested
townsfolk and all who had been at
tracted to the scene of the distribution
that the well-mannered, bright pupils
deserved all they got; and there were
no prouder people in SauEalito thaa
Mayor. Thomas . and Principal Sharpe,
Miss Florence Mclsaac, , Miss Clara
Crumpton. Miss E. L. Heanan, Miss L.
R. Brotherton and Miss I. M. Porter,
the teachers, and # James B. Davidson,
the County Superintendent of Schools.
Quite an interesting ; programme of
songs and recitations had been ar
ranged, which waa most creditably per
formed by the children. .
The programme was given in the fol
lowing order: V •
Opening chorus, the whol* tchool. Christmas
carol, "Why Do Bells on Christmas Ring?";
eneemhle by th* second grade; . primary song,
"Santa Claus." by the primary grades; recita
tion. "Five Fat Turkles." by the primary chil
dren; chonw. "Merry Christmas," pr-the
grammar grades; recitation. "Seeing Things at
Night." second grade, and ensemble, "Auld
Lang 8yne,7 toy the scholars, teachers and
visitors. ¦ ? . • - . • "v ¦
Charles Bright, alias Sanfa Claus,
clothed in the flaming red robe that
Santa Claus can wear without bciag
considered out of date, and with long
beard, white as the driven snow, .came
from behind the great tree with great
er things tucked away In his arms. The
genial Santa depended not upon for
mality, therefore introduction bein|[
unnecessary he m,ade himself at home
and at ease with the gaping young
ones and kept up his kindly reputation
by presenting to each good little boy
and girl a present As soon . as the
good Santa's stock was exhausted he
would return to his quarters and come
forth once again with ever so many
more pretty things until the children
began to thjnk there could be no limit
to his generosity and resources. .
TOWNSFOLK INTERESTED.
They were also permitted to glance
upon the cases of neatly published
books of fairy tales and stories of more
serious material, and then the voices
were hushed at the request of Princi
pal C. O. Sh'arpe, who announced brief
ly that the Christmas gifts would be
distributed. . .- , ' : \iX\
It was 1 o'clock when the children
arrived at the park and without cere
mony or speeches they were allowed
to take their places around the hand
some Christmas tree to admire the
myriad of yari-colored candles and
covet the ribbon-tied boxes and bru
nette and blonde-haired dolls and mus
lin bags of sweetmeats.
SANTA CLAUS APPEARS.
Sausalito families were all- astir yes
terday and children were tidied up and
jnade to look spick and span in their
prettiest costumes and then, with smil
ing faces, they wended their way to
Buena Vista Park, where awaiting
them was a huge Christmas tree laden
with an assortment of presents that
benevolent Santa Claus brings to all
good and obedient school children at
Yuletide.
The recipients of all the numerous
good things were scholars of the pri
mary and higher grades of the Sausa
lito grammar school and in recogni
tion of their quite admirable scholas
tic showing Mayor Jacques Thomas,
with the aid of generous neighbors,
was enabled to purchase presents for
every one cf the 300 pupils.
Body of Wreck Victim Is Found.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 11.— A Body
supposed to be that of one of the crew
of the wrecked French bark Francois
Coppee was washed ashore near Point
Reyes life-saving station to-day. The
Coppee went ashore in the fog on Fri
day, November 20, on Pierce Point.
The department has considered the
advisability of submitting the matter
to the courts to determine the purpose
of Congress, and whether in fact It is
being fulfilled. That course, however,
would necessarily involve delay and
litigation. If it were held that the
property should revert back to the
United State?, the future disposition
of the property doubtless would re
quire action by Congress.
Secret/try Ccrtelyou has trans
mitted the papers directly to Con
gress to determine whether Its pur
pose is being fulfilled, and if not what
<3ispc5it:on be made of the prop
erty, which is. valuable.
WASHINGTON", Dec. 11.— Secretary
Cortelyou to-day transmitted to Con
preps the testimony in the recent in
vestigation of crimping at the San
Francisco Sailors' Home- Whether it
was the purpose of Congress by the
act of August 11, 1ST6, to provide that
the sailors* home, formerly a marine
hospital, should be supported by the
payment of board by the seamen in
mates, or should be a charitable in
stitution, does not appear clearly froni
the act.
fcccrelary Cortelyou Will Present Pa
pers to CongTefs to Ascertain
Purj»osc of Act of 1876.
I^KEKING STATUS OF
THE SAILORS' HOME
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— David R.
Francis, president of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition; --William H.
Thompson, treasurer, and D. M. Hou
ser, proprietor of the St.' Louis Globe-
Democrat, accompanied by (Repre
sentative Bartholdt, called on the
President to-day and invited him to
visit St. Louis .during the progress of
the exposition and to present the med
als to the winners in the Olympian
games and other, similar contests to
be held at that time. The President
promised to take the invitation under
advisement. He will, attend the ex
position, but the date of his* visit has
not yet been set.
High Officials of the Big Exposition
Ask Mr. * Roosevelt to Present
Olympian MedaLs.
PRESIDENT IS INVITED
; ¦; •¦TOTHE ST. IiOUIg FAIR
"The list includes some of the best
known financiers in England, France.
Italy and Germany, to say nothing of
the Holland stockholders already in the
enterprise.
"The completion of the Orient system
is now fully assured, and we expect
to be in complete operation from Kan
sas City to Port Stillwell. on the Pa
cific Coast, within two years."
' KANSAS CITY. Dec. 11.— Arthur E.
Stillwell. president of the Kansas City,
Mexico and Orient Railway, arrived here
to-day from the City of Mexico, "where
he went immediately after returning to
the United States a month ago after an
extended trip in Europe. In an inter
view Stillwell said that he had an inter
ested 200 prominent men in Europe in
the railroad business and secured
$5,000,000 from the Holland stockholders,
in addition to the amount previously
subscribed by the capitalists of that
country. Stillwell exhibited a list of
foreign stockholders secured on his trip,
and said:
Governor Brady says that those tvho
have traveled throughout the Territory
this year are certain that Alaska
lo-day has a less v. hite population than
it had in 1&00, and that it is migratory-
In view of these facts the Governor
deprecates the agitation for a change
of government of Alaska from \ district
to territorial, though aspiring to State
hood when Alaska, fills with a desira
ble population. He asks what reason
there is for requesting Congress to or
ganize an expensive system of govern
ment that will plunge the Alaskans
into debt and all manner of excesses,
involving taxation to its utmost limit.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— Governor
Brady ef Alaska, in his annual report
\ • the Secretary of the Interior, urges
provisions for Alaska's representation
by a delegate in Congress, and savs
that Alaska's main need is for pioneers
and home builders. He urges the abol
ishment of the fee system for United
States Commissioners and Deputy
Marshals and extension of the home
stead laws. He says CongTess can do
better thing* for Alaska now than to
encourage the construction of roads.
Change of Government at This
Time Liable to Cause Ex
pense and Ultimate Disaster
Property Bought Thirty Years
Ago for Trifle Xow Brings
Nearly Half Million Dollars
BIG DEAL IS .COMPLETED
Three Hundred Pupils of Public Schools Assemble at
Buena Vista Park; and Each Receives Pretty Christmas
Presents for Faithful and Fruitful Scholastic Work
President of Orient Railroad
Talks of His Successes in
Europe Among 1 the Financiers
— ?
Report of the Governor of
Territory Contains Interest
ing Facts About the Region
MIGRATORY
POPILATION
NEW LINE SURE
SAYS STILL WELL
CHILDREN OF SAUSALITO ACCLAIM
THE APPEARANCE OF SANTA CLAUS
ALASKA NEEDS
HOME-BUILDERS
fHE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1903.
9
. ADVEKTISEMENTS. s
rReal EasyNSi
5a ve lots of ||
Everything that's >
Beautiful
Chinaware, Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
• Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
tGet our prices ft
Great American Importiue Jm
Tea Co. **!
100 Stores I 1
That's the Reason. J
861 Market. 1419 Polk. 1819 Devisadero.
210 Grant av. 705 Larkln. . 30OC Sixteenth.
140 Sixth. 475 Haight. 521 Montg'y av.
355 Hayes. 2M0 Mission. 3285 Mission.
146 Ninth. 52 Market. 36« Third.
200S Fillmore. 2732 24th. 469Tourth.
••••••••••••••••••••••
1 Christmas !
! Hints I
2 »
% Before purchasing elsewhere see our Q
9 fairyland of - toys " for ' girls and boys. J|
0 We have an excellent collection of hoi- £
• iday gifts. . All new goods, no hold- g
J over*. •> ' O
2 W« are making a specialty of ©
® Christmas boxes full of temptinr 9
2 groceries, S2.50 to $10.00. In plain •
J cases ready for immediate delivery. 9 '
• • 2
! V Anything you want for use or wear 0
1 2 at the lowest possible price. Come or O
X telephone. Private Exchange 560. = •
ISMITH'S CASH STORES
• 25-27 Market Street. •
AMUSEiyTRNTS.
Racing !^^^> Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKZT CI.UBL
'• " Conunecdns NoTMnbtr 11
- RtdBlBuh Vtek Day. KaXa or SUu.
Ste pr More' Races Daily.
¦ Raeet eommcac* at 2:18 p. m. aharp.
For »p*clal trains stopping at th» track taJU
B.V P. Ferry, toot of Marktt «rt«t. at IX
13:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 3 o'clock. No smoking U
Uat two cars, which mrm r— errsd tat UAXm ¦
mxMlthtJT 1-— *t •fllTUr ~n 1JM HI ' ' " ill Si (
' . Ketnmlng. trains ' laar* - track at 4 : IS lb4
4:4ft and Immediately after th» laat raea, , -.-
--"-•¦ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Praldeot,
rXBCT W/ TRBAT. Becwurrl y - .--.-
Aani3EaiEHT3.
Coursing
/
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
December 12 and 13.
First run-down on Saturday, l-eginning at
11:30 o'clock sharp. Sunday courainff will be-
gin at 10:30 sharp and continue til! last win-
ning Car rces up.
TOTAL PRIZES- — -$860
All cars transfer to Guerrcra
cars, which co direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERXEY. Jurtse.
'' EDWARD SHOKTSTAG. Slipper.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). DEC. 12.
Parfjuet. any teat. 25c: Balcony. 10; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. lw.
Dazzling /Vaudeville !
Pauline Hall; Franccsca Retldlns and
Company; lllncs and Remington;
**Bonncr" and the Brittons. Last
times of Hal Godfrey and Company;
Agnes .Mahr: Clarice Vance and Jo-
seph Newman.
AT P A7 AD Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
POSITIVELY THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATIXEES TO-DAY AND SUXDAT.
Th-s Extraordinarily Itomantic Comedy.
A ROYAL PRISONER
••The last act Is the best of all. When tlm
curtain fell the crowd didn't want to man."
— Ashton Stevens in Examiner.
Evgs.. Z3c to 75c; Mats»..Sat. & Son.. 13c to SOc.
NEXT MONDAY— Brilliant Presentation e*
David BcUsco and Franklin Fyles' •
Famous Drama of Montana Militarv Post Ufa,
THE GIRL I LEFT
BEHIND (ME.
CHRISTMAS WEEK— BLUE JEAN3.
CENTRALS
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 531
TO-XIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHT3.
MATIXEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Stupendous Sensational Melodrama.
NEW YORK DAY BY.-DAY
Matchless Original Story.
Great Heart Interest and Abundant Comedy.
pDlfEC Evenings lCc to 5rtc
inlvw Maunees 10c. 15c. 2i«
Monday. December H.
"the scout's Rzrvxjraz.'*
CHRISTMAS WEEK— ALPHON5E AND GAS-
TOX.
THE ALLEN SISTERS
And ft Great Show Every Aftexnooa and
Evcnbyr In til* Tbeattr. .
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
HAMAD EXAS 131 THE BOO I
LOTi? OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
Stroll Through tha MIRROR MAZE.
See ANITA and Her BABY MONKET.
Anml&sion. 10c; Children/ 8c.
Whe» Phoning Ask for "The Chute*.** .
MISCELLANEOUS AICUSEHENTS.
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
.—AND—
MORESCA TROUPE Of SWORDSMEN
. . ALHAMBRA THEATER
LAST TWO NIGHTS -
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
RAGTIME SMOKER TO-NIGHT
Programmes Changed at Everr Performance.
RESERVED SEATS 23c. 50c, 73c, AT SHEA-
MAN. CUKY tt CO. 8.
; TO-MORROW at Alfcambra.
Children :23c to Air Part* of Um Hooafc .
• ADVEBTISiaa! JTT3.
Genuine CARTER'S 'LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signalure of /^^g^
J^^^^^^^^ Absolutely ClJr6B|^ \:"% fi fl B Oas Lsa
sallow skin «sraffiaEa8»aH»SSaSfiS^s£3
_ Small PHI.
TfW I/M_l 1 U \a it-* LJ Small Cos*
They TOUCn the 8=1 \f It—. Mm Smsil Price.
Genuine Wrapper Printed,on -r it
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wrist Bags
For Christmas
At Fair Prices
AC style* ef Wrt* Ban. la Xofweeo,
Seal. Walro* aj>4 ether popular materials,
frco BOe to f T. • - m ,.
Also a chotoe liae of Chopping Bacs.
Card Caaea, Letter Cas««, Wallets, Clrmr
Csms aad Maatc Rolls. Popular prices.
Order by mall If you are out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS
Tbe et*Ut%r.
100S Market Street
AboT* PowrelL (u Z*ruds«o.
SOHEMIMn
V.NG Of AU- BOTTLE* I
nlNt- or _ BEERS* I
SOLD CVEKYWBtXE. B
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. H
Pic:ic Cfcost Arrctm. jn
ROU^DTABi
ARROW "bRAN D I.
15 CENTS, 2 FOR 25 CENTS f
I CLUCTT. PEABODY & CO. K
K&kers of Clcett aad Moaarca ghlrta B
» parker's w i
Balsam
; Promotes tha growtli cf tbe tail »r>4
; gives It Uie lnstre aaflsllklaeBSCtfyoatJj.
¦ Wlten the bzir Is sr*j or faded tt
i ' BK1NCS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. < '
; It prererta D&afiruC aad to?.lr telling ', >
; *afl keep* the scalp dean sad bealthy. J I
' »»»»»»»»%%»• >»^%»%%%w»W%»»»ww* ,
AMUSSMENTS.
I PIANO RECITAL
Angelus
Piano
Player
STEINWAY HALL
The next complimentary concert by the
Angelus. Department of Sherman. Clay A
Co. wlllbe given
Saturday, December 12
At 3 i/c'cck
At Steinway Hall.
MR. VAN YORX
Will Preside at the Piano With the Aid of
THE ANGELUS
—AND— •
Mary Carpanetto Mead
Will Be the Soloist of the Occasion.
| These recitals are free to all and com-
plimentary tickets may be bad at the store
any time before the recital.
programme: — part i.
1. Midsummer Night's Dream. Mende!s«ohn
• Wedding March and. Elfin Chorus.
Transcription by Liszt.
2.' Vslse Lente Sieveklns
3. Sony. "My Mother Biia Me Bind
¦ My Hair" : Haydn
Accompanied on the piano by Mr.
Van Tone with the aid of the Angrelus.
4. Caprice — Burlesque Op. 3. No. 1..
Ossip Gabrllowltsch
PART II.
5. March. Op. 3». No. 1 Hollaerder
6. Tristan end Isolde Wagaer-Liszt
Isolde's Love-Death.
7. Songs — a "The Spring Has Come"
White
b "The Message of the Vio-
let" Luders
From the "Prince of PUsen." ac-
companied on the piano by Mr. Van
Yorx with the aid cf the Angelus.
8. Rhapsodle Hongrolse No. 6 LUzt
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO..
t Sutler and Kearny Sts., S. F.
«
tf^#tl BllflQBA M FFATCSCI'i
y y jL y mf® t £4 wm mm
MATX1TEE TO-DAT
To-night and Sunday — Last Times.
William Brady's Elaborate Production of
Lottie Blair Parker's Pastoral Play.
WAY DOWN EAST
Elaborated by Jcs. R. Qriimrr.
Bsonnrzsro next mostdat.
The Greatest of S!ngln«s Comediennes.
LULU QLASER
In Stance & Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera.
DOLLY VARDEN
SEATS HOW BEADY.
IfAblFORNJiT]
\ J J LAST TIME TO-NIGHT. {Jaal
I The Ever Welcome Favorite, [f \\
Y'Q/y | MATTIES TQ-TJAfl
YO TVS ON
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
JOS. HART. . FOXY
CARRIE DE MAR In GRANDPA.
Exactly as given 250 nights In New Tofk.
. THE BIO EVENT.
GRANDhouse
. MATI2TEE TO-SAT
LAST NIGHT.
MARIE HEATH
IN THE CHARMING RURAL DRAMA
FORIOTBER'S SAKE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, J. H. Stoddart and
Reuben Fax in THE BONNIE BRIER BUSH.
' DDirCC EVENINGS. 15c. 25c. Me. 75c.
inlWEj* MATINEES. 15c. 25c. SOc.
Go Where the Crowds Go. Do as Others Do
To Laugh Your Wretched Blue* Away
1 Just Go See ¦
1 "/-o-ltH
The New Musical Burlesque that -Is th» Talk
i •» of tbe Town and the Hit of the Season.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including: Koib a.-.d
Dill. Bamey Bernard, WlnfieW Blake, Maude
Amber. Georgia O' Ram ey, Ben T. Dillon. Al-
thea Twins. , . . ,
Next Monday — First appearance ot ¦ ALLEN
CURTIS, the world's greatest Hebrew Come-
dian. Novel ataga effects and magnificent cos-
tumes. New mueic.- new songs and new Jokes.
Seats two weeks In advance. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. ~ » - l
: -^ — — —
Palace D o NT fAiL to
1 COURT Lounging
/•fill room, the EMPIRE
ai * u PARLOR, the
ft j PALM ROOM, the
tiniflu LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
¦U' 1^1^ DIES* WRITING
iBOtelS ROOM.Training Ship Mohican Returns.
: 'SAN DIEGO,} Dec. ,11.— The United
States. training, ship Mohican has re
turned here from a practice ;cruise"to
Mapdalena Bay.
Hares Than Hounds.
The greyhounds Otto and Special died
from the effects of the hard running
last Sunday. The hares, living on dry
feed and having to make long Journeys
in the San Joaquin Valley for water,
are In condition" to outfoot any fr«y
hcund.
Curves of a* Golf 'Ball.
! At" first sight there does not .seem to
,be any ) good reason « why- a sliced ball
should '"curve to the right// Slicing.' Is
caused "by drawing in the arms at the
moment the headjof the club. meets the
ball, arid imparts a spin or\rbtery mo
'tion from" left "to •right" to the ball.
:When : the * ball rotates] in ' this manner
the .left* side is advancing, to' meet 7 the
air,' w-hile (the -'right*; side is' ' retreating
from iitr and as; it • meets . with more
pressure on' the 1 eft side \ than on the
right the ball goes]' in- the N direction 1 of
least reslstahce^-rthat 1 is, to the right.
J. F. Rogers was given permission
to register Erebu3 in his name. The
ownership of tha hound wa3 disputed.
The largest meeting of the .year of
the California Coursing' Committee
was held on Thursday night in this
city. Dr. TV. A. Weldor* of San Pe
dro was elected a delegate to the
committee to represent the Los An
ge'A Cours}ng Club.
The greyhound Butte City, already
under suspension, will be ruled off
for life. He was entered under the
name of Waterbury at Fresno last
Sunday, but his identity was discov
ered.
The ' management of the Fresno
Park submitted some drastic rules
governing the care of greyhounds af
ter, they appear at a park. The rules
were "approved with some slight mod
ifications. They- are intended to pre
vent doping.
The suspension of Trainer McCar
thy was raised and he was restored to
standing.
Fresno Park Management Submits
Severe Rules Governing Care of
Racing Greyhounds.
COURSING COMMITTEE
DECIDES SEVERAIj CASES
: .The members of the local organiza
tion .-have decided to adopt the bias
called for by the rules -of the Scottish
National Bowling Association. An ex
amination cf the bowls showed that
six pair, were not of the regulation bias
and cannot be used. In future"tourna
ments.- • '¦>! '~,\ ¦¦"''¦¦
There will be twenty-eifjht matches
in the" preliminary round. The strong
est players entered are J. C. Moffatt,
James .'and Joseph Gray, John Mac-
Laren, Joseph McNaught and T. C.
LajWSG-n. Mr. Lawson, who was cham
pion' before Moffatt won the last event
in which the former did not enter, will
be -avorite for first honors.
The players will commence their first
doubles event on January 9. The en
try list will close January 4. This 13
the first attempt on the part of the
club to run two tourrfaments simulta
neously. It will-be a difficult thing to
do) owing to the large number of play
ers entered and the limited number of
'rinks. ""¦ '
The third Interclub match between
the* Oakland and the San Francisco
Scottish bowling clubs will be held on
Christmas day. It will be a four-rink
match and will be played on the Oak
lard green. There is an agreement be-'
tween* the clubs 'to play the match on
this side of the bay if the Oakland
green Is not- In good condition.' The
two previous matches were won by the
local bowlers. The first was one sided,
but the second was close. •
The Scottish bowlers on both sides
of the. bay are planning several impor
tant events for the future. The. city
bowlers will start a new singles event
on the Golden Gate Park green to-day.
Ninety-two names were drawn, • the
largest number on record.
The colony of polo, experts at the
Burllngame Country Club has been
augmented ; by the arrival • of the Du
vals, the famous French' players. ' They
will be in the game shortlyl
. Walter McCreery. was more severely
hurt last Sunday.' than . was supposed.'
His knee is In' a plaster . cast, which
will not be removed for. some weeks.
The usual match between -the reds
and the whites will' be played to-mor
row, each side being .strengthened by
the addition of the visitors.
Polo has been, added .'to the list of
sports that will be seen at the. Oiym
pian' games to' be held in connection
with the World's Fair at St. Louis next
year. This was decided at a # recent con
ference between , A, ! L.. Shapleigh, the
chairman of the St. Louis committee,
and James * L. Sullivan,- chief of the
physical culture department.- The fol
lowing- committee' has been appointed
to handle' this sport: C: H. : Walker,
chairman ; D wight F. '.Davis, Irwin Z.*
Smith and H. M."> Klrkman. To this
committee -will be -added two or three
representatives of clubs In the vicinity
of ; New York. | There, Is no' doubt that
the polo tournament wjll be one of the
most interesting | at the big fair. \ Sev
eral of the ' most prominent clubs have
consented' to' compete, ' and* it is brob
able the national ' polo championship
will be played in St. -Louis.' •
POLO EXPERTS
FROM ABROAD
AT BURLINGAME
BOWLERS PLAN
MANY EVENTS
ON THE RINKS
Homer Bay, Little Lucy, Fofala. Wedgewocd,
Eomlque, Haddington, Lady Menlo, Young
Fearless, Little Plunger, Firm Fellow. Golden
lAsibt. Cremo, Brilliancy, Heckles* Acrobat.
Prometheus, Ricli An?cey, Half Moon. N:rth
orn Alarm, Orslna. Mark Twain. Belfast,'Top
ty Turvy. Idaho Boy. Doe Burns. Ix>r<i Gra
nard. Mountain Poet. Uoreen, Comstock. Ke
mlEso Anlmo. Our Minnie. Flora Temple, Kil
ver Cloud, Yukon. Bob' R, Blackboon, Miss
Green, Lord Golf. Hesper. Toronto. Intruder,
<J1eucue, Haphazard, Fair Glen, Harlean
Gladys, Idleness, Flaunt, Equator, Mei.'.ie-
A ninety-six-dog open stake will be
commenced at Ingleslde Park this
morning at 11:20 o'clock.- A number of
Eastern greyhounds will make their
first appearance. The likely , winners
look to be:
Mount Rcse was expected to cut a big
figure in the stake, but he cannot start
unless permission is given by the Ingle-
Bide management. He ran last Satur
day at their park and was withdrawn
without cause. He was suspended, and
the suspension was sustained by the
California Coursing Committee.
The coursing at Union Park will com
mence to-day upon the arrival of the 11
o'clock train. There will be trains to
morrow at 10:15, 11, 12 and 1 o'clock.
The likely winners look to be:
Re<J Rock, Sacramento Boy, Cloudburst
Dor.nybrook, Ce'.tic. Texas Hoo Hoo, IUrj;e.
Preeicio Boy, Gambit. Troublesome. Honest
John. I^llckey Frw, Northern Express, J E
H. B»»con. Full Moon, Rapid Water. Ainan
dan. Hector. Cubanola. The Keferee. Pocatelli.
Vandal, Game Boy. Kubber Ankles. Fair Tra
lee. lAly Wright. High Born, Frisco Lad. Joe
Pasha, Cloverdale, Conroy.
Curtis* Lou Chord second ($600). and J
tfhea's Gaae Bey third ($350).
Of the sixty-four entries xo-day fif
teen are from the East. They include
the fastest greyhounds in America
owned outside of California. Gambit
is the only imported dog entered. Twen
ty-four are by imported eires, Fetter
Free heading the list with nine. For
tuna Favente and For Freedom have
fcur each. There are six representa
tives of imported dams. Northern
Alarm and Advertiser are the best of
the Eastern contingent.
The stake is conceded on all sides to
be the highest class event ever drawn
in America. The form students have
decided that the winner of the Rector-
Belle Free course this afternoon will be
a contender for the lion's share of the
purse. Both greyhounds are at their
best and a sensational trial is expected
when they meet. Barge and Pocatelli
are also expected to Ehow to nfl-nn
tage. The Eastern dogs have never
started here and are an unknown quan
tity. £;:;*
L. W. Harpham,' E. E. Drake' and
other members of the Field and Tule
Club will be on the preserve to-morrow.
Clarence Nauman secured a limit bag
of quail last Sunday at" Point Reyes."
George! Jackson, Frank Vernon and
other regulars also had good shooting.
-Billy Kittle returned. from the Coun-^
try Club preserve on Wednesday with
the llm!t on quail.
; Otto Feudner killed 23 ducks on the
Stewart pond; hear Suisun," last' Sun
day. Ed Schultz and. Jim Maynard had
a Joint bag of 19. -Feudner also- picked
up a down English. snipe. _
"J. B. Hauer and' Floyd Judah secured
a joint bag of -50 teal and widgeon on
the Empire Club preserve last Sunday.
They shot over Parsons Slough, which
the club: is baiting for. eanyasbacks.*
The members hope to have it equal in
time ' China Slough of the • Alameda-
Club, on the .Sonoma maVsh. Among
the. members! '.who will shoot over 'the
preserve to-morrbw are C A. Bennett,
Dr. George G. Gere, : Con Roman, F/ S.
Judah/ H. ' P. "Jacobscm and ' E. ¦ R. r Ellis
and a guest. With a fine tide.no moon
and cold' weather, the prospects are ex-.'
cellcntvfor goodTEhootlng.'- :-¦' -'•<
. Quail reported abundant jn Santa"
Cruz County, and '• excellent 'shooting Is
being had. • ,
I The owners of preserves on the Ala
meda-marsh"complain of "the * night
shooting. - Last Saturday advantage
was taken of the moonlight and the
heavy bombarding was kept up
throughout the. night. ,Thc law is strict
on this poin* and a lesson should be
made of- the offenders.
among the sportsmen of the gun clubs
that the ducks are coming back and
elaborate. preparations are being made
to receive them. The gun stores are
overwhelmed with orders' for shells and
there is a general air of activity among
the dovotees of the gun.
There havebesn trying weeks of in
activity, during which. the ducks have
been conspicuous by their absence, and
owners of costly preserves have returned
from the marsh day- after day empty
handed. With the" recent- dry, cold
weather conditions have changed and
good sport Is apparently in prospect.
The fuHplumaRe'd northern birds are
in evidence\while those which went
inland are returning to the feeding
grounds about the bay." )
If th3 rain holds off and the cold
weather continues, excellent shooting is
expected on all the bay preserves. The
sportsmen win beout in numbers in
order to make the. most of their oppor
tunity.
In Great Britain there are golf courses
almost innumerable. So far from being,'
as Is the case In 'the United States, a
recreation for the rich only, golf is
played by anybody and everybody.
Many of the"courses are laid out "on
common land, and on such links . cu- 4
rious incidents occur. Nursemaids*
wheel baby carriages right across the
links and pay no attention at all to the
oft-repeated cries of "Fore!" The golfer
must resign himself to waiting until the,
maids and the children' In* her, charge
have passed out of the way.' In the.
good old summer time playful girls : nnd
cool retreats in the sand b'unkers.^and
the eager golfer who attempts r to *dis-.
lodge them may, find. .them more. than
his match in the use of mother tongue.
The first Council's cup for ladies was
won outright by Mrs. R. G. Brown.
Mrs. J. R. Clark needs only one more
victory to make the second trophy her
own.
for men of the San Francisco Golf Club
was brought to an end last Tuesday.
No event is set down on the schedule
now until Christmas day. On that
holiday there will be a handicap over
eighteen holes for first and second
prizes. The scores will also serve as a
qualifying round for a match play con
test, the eight men who hand in the
lowest gross scores to qualify. The
handicaps given at the beginning of the
competition will apply throughout, four
days being allowed for each round of
match play.
On Tuesday morning next, beginning
at 9:30 o'clock, the ladies of the San
Francisco Golf Club will hold a handi
cap over eighteen hdles, medal play.
The winner will receive a prize.
The recent competition for the Coun
cil's cup for men of the San Francisco
Golf Club was concluded on Tuesday,
when J. W. Byrne defeated Lieutenant
J. S. Oyster 7 up 6 to play ..over
eighteen holes. On the first round J.
W. Byrne won six holes and halved the
remaining three, being 6,up. His medal
play scote was 6, 4, 5, 2, 4, 3, 3, 3, 5—
total 35. or four better than "bogey-,"
which Is 39. On the second round Mr.
Byrne Won the tenth hole, and the elev
enth was taken by L'ieutenant Oyster.
The twelfth hole was won by J. W.
Byrne and with it the match and , the
right to have his name engraved on "the
handsome silver trophy. The cup now
bears the names of S.I*. Abbott Jr., H.
C. Golcher, R. H. Gaylord. H. Owodwin.
John Lawson, Lieutenant J. S. Oyster
and J. W. Byrne. The names of S. L.
Abbott Jr. and H. C. Go'lcher- appear
on it twice, and each of tha other names
once. J. W. Byrne was in the 'final
round against R. H.": Gaylord In 1900
and against H. C.- Golcher In: 1801. The
match between R. H. Gaylord and J.
W. Byrne was a most remarkable one.
At the end of the first round R. H.
Gaylord was 7 up, but at the seven*
teenth hole the match was all square.
Gaylord took the last" hole and Won the
match.
The South End Rowing Club is now
a corporation and expects to begin
work upon its new boathouse early
next year. The site adjoins that of the
'Ariel Rowing ;Club*s new quarters. A
design has been prepared by Van Trees,
the architect, and specifications are be
ing drawn up.
The Stanford University Boat Club
is beginning to show signs of activity.
Two sheHs have been ordered for use
on the lake at Palo Alto and will prob
ably be delivered about February 1.
The oarsmen intend tq begin practice
for the class races as soon as the wa
ter In the lake becomes deep enough.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club will hold a masked ball to-night
at Eintranht Hall, on Twelfth street,
near Fo!som.
The Ariel Rowing Club Is growing.
Five new members were initiated ar
the annual meeting and five more were
elected. About ten applications for
membership ace oa file.
•. Work began on the new boathouse
last Tuesday and* it is expected the
structure will be ready for occupation
on January 1, 1904. \ ; Vi'.- '
The following officers were elected:
President, N. A. Denoir; vice president,
J. J. von Staden: recording secretary,
Eugene Flanders; financial secretary,
Thomas L. Doran; treasurer, Johnson
Hardy; captain, William McKee; lieu
tenant captain, Edward Murphy; mem
bers of the board of directors — W. T.
Howe, Ed Smith, Joseph Lewis, Charles
Wilson and Henry Meyers; delegate to
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union, E. J. Lynch; alternate
delegates to the Pacific Association, P.
H. Wilson and Henry Lester. Denoir
was elected president on the second bal
lot. On the first ballot for the election
of captain there was a tie. William
McKee was re-elected on the second
ballot.
At the annual meeting of the mem
bers of the Arie] Rowing Club there
was a large attendance. Great interest
was shown in the election of officers
to serve during the coming twelve
months, there bein? a spirited contest
for the offices cf president and captain.
Work , Has Begun on the
Boathouse, Which Will Be
Ready' Early Next Year
.Both- the California and Golden
Gate Tennis dubs will hold tourna
ments on- Christmas day. "The former
will hold a , handicap ! doubles tourney
for, the .challenge cups. - \ The > Smith
brothers are. the holders, Vbut will . not
enter . the next event. Chester , Smith
will join forces with Will Collier. The
latter has tried almost every good" man
in the club, but does not work" well in
double harness.; All of the teams that
participated in the last event and sev
eral' more : will' play K in : the .' holiday
tournament. IWill' Allen and Dr. Hill
are -the only' others , ; to';have -their,
names "on; the/cups.'-' They 'must'^be
woriUhreetimes". Ah informal • lunch
eon will be 'served the members' and
their friends.
Tobin combines speed and .accu
racy, but his volleying and overhead
work -are rather weak. When he
brings his net game up to his back
court game the cracks Will find him a
hard man to beat. ' ' •' •
The' only hope of wre3ting the
championship from Bell lies in Mac-
Gavin and Percy Murdock, the'Ala
meda crack. MacGavin looked to be
steadying down some," but last Sun
day played his old time .wild, care
less game. If Murdock improves this
year as he did last he will surely be
the strongest player from the north.
One of these two players wi 11 un
doubtedly win the State champion
ship tournament. The winner will be
called upon to play Grant Smith, the
present champion. The latter will
probably be able to. play this match,
but will participate in no other tour
naments during the year. •
Will Taylor and Joe .Tobin, two ex
champions, have again taken up. the
game and play almo3t as well as ever.
In a, doubles. on Sunday they. showed
surprising form, beating Frank Mitch
ell and Sidney Salisbury witti 'ease.
Tobin and Taylor make a strong com
bination in doubles, as both play a
safe game and aim. to get. everything
back. Taylor is as steady as a clock
and makes few errors. He would be
much rnore dangerous if he, played a'
more aggressive game. The. game" he
plays now is the one'that made him
the undefeated champfon for so many
years. The game, however,' has gone
ahead a great deal since Taylor was
champion and he will have to culti
vate more speed to win. ". ".';»¦-„
"While tennis i3 more popular than
it has ever been and there are a great
many more players than in. former
years there is less class than ever. De
fore. The so-called first class is prob
ably as large as usual, but the tennis
being put up is anything, but , first
class. The only man in this class who
really belongs there is Drummond
MacGavin and at times Tiis game is
far from being first clas3.; In' the
southern part of the State matters' are
different. There are at least six men
in the south who would have no dif
ficulty in beating all of the first clasps
men here with the exception of Mac-
Gavin. r . " :
will be played . to-morrow, on ~ the
courts. In each -the contestants -will
be Will Allen and, Drummbnd Mac-
Gavin.- ¦: They will meet .on , the .Cali
fornia Club courts in the finals of- the
handicap singles tournament . com
menced on Thanksgiving day. They
will also come together on the park
courts In the' finals of the "first classl
All the other classes were ;finished last
Sunday. ..^ ~ • *.
In the match , to . be played on the
club courts MacGavin has a_good
lead. He has two sets to his oppo
nent's one and in T the fourth set the
games are' even, . the score' standing
5-5. ; MacGavin needs two games; to
win. the match, while;Allen needs. two
to even up the score.
• On the public courts Allen -has / a'
slight advantage. Inthis case he has
two sets to his opponent's, one., but
MacGavin has a good lead '. in* 'the
fourth set, the score being 4-2 in v his
favor. MacGavin shou!d<win the set
with this lead and thus even up mat
ters.. • - - - - '-¦-;¦ -
ARIEL OARSMEN
ELECT OFFICERS
FOR NEXT TERM
BLAKE & SMITH'S NORTHERN. EX
PRESS, ONE OF THE 'FAST
EST 'GREYHOUNDS IN AMERICA.
OWNED OUTSIDE CALIFORNIA. '
The E^st will be pitted against the
"West in severest possible competition
on the coursing; sward at Union Park
to-day in the ninth renewal of the John
Grace challenge cun, the richest event
in America for greyhounds. This stake
started with a modest first prize of $132
in 1SS6. It reached its maximum in
1P00, when Sacramento Boy won $1500.
The total nurse this year is $3300, of
which the winner will receive $500. The
stake winners of the past and the
amounts they^rcceived follow:
U96 — February 22-2*. Newark — "Won by E.
H. Muloastcr'e Frar Not i$l. "!:.'). ccir.e owner's
Kirk Glon if enrol <*72). David Dillon's Lady
Pitzjrerald third <$3ti».
1897— FeJii-jsr.v 21-22, InRieside Park — Won
by Cra<-r & Iran's Nellie Conroy <$.";OO>, John
Ktrrlcan'h St. Lawrence second ($150), and
llBrtrls & RoFseter's !?ran<3on Belle third i'7'u.
1K9K— February 2C-2T. l"nio:: Park — Wen by
Jamos Dean ? fnnremara <?R3Ct. T. HutlT'e
Sump pecnn.l <S;>1C.). Curtis & Soa'a Caialier
third <$12'>>.
JMiy — February 2."'-26, I'nion Park — Von by
J. li. KeffMer'f For Freedom <$7<XI), T. J.
OOBtn'a Tliornhill second <$:{.%0). E. and XI.
Eoott'a Ixird Hyron third <$150).
1300— Febnurr 24-2.'>, Cnios Park— V."o n by
<"urtis & Son's Luxor <$T5rt>, James Dean's
O.nivmara M-oond <$+OC). and Rusrell, Wilson
A /,!;¦!!> Chicago Hoy third (SirOOl.
|900— October 20-21. Union Ifcirk -Won by
I). Walfeh*a t^acrsmer.to Boy <J15O0(. Curtis &
For.'e Deacon second <*7OOi, K. E. d* B. Lopez's
Mazier CTeir third <$4O0>.
T.iiii—octohfr 19-20, Union Park— Won by
Curtis & Son's Beacon, same owner's Ueetor
second and It. H. Orthweln's 5;squoc thfrd
1902— -October 1S-1'.). Union Park— Won by
D. Walsh's Sacramento Xk>y <fI«tOO). A. It.
The. word has been passed around
The competition for the Council's cup
Two uncompleted tennis , matches
Next Competition for Men
of City Golf Club Will
Be Held Christmas Day
AfterWeeks of Poor Shoot
ing Preserve Owners
. Expect Better Results
Will Taylor and Joe Tobiri/
Ex-Champions, Surprise
Spectators With Skill
Form Students Expect Much
of the Winner of the
- Rector-Beil Free Course
newal of John Grace Cup
Sensational Performers Will
MeetTo-Dav in- Ninth Re-
Byrne Wins Ninth Contest
for Men's Council's Cup
With a Remarkable Score
Cold, Dry, Weather Brings
Them. Back to ;th'e.; : Feed
ing Places About -the Bay
These Players Reach the
.-" Finals m the "Park: and
in the" C!ub Tournamehts
CLASSIC STAKE '
DRAWS ENTRIES
OF HIGH CLASS
LADIES TO PLAY i
A HANDICAP OVER
PRESIDIO COURSE
DUCKS RETURN
TO MAKE GLAD
THE SPORTSMEN
ALLEN TO MEET
MacGAViN IN
TWO MATCHES
GREYHOUNDS OF THE EAST AND WEST TO MEET ON COURSING SWARD
THE'SAN "FRANCISCO; GALL, SATURDAY V !'PECEMBER^12;; 1903.
10Fourth, race — Seven furlongs; three-year
old* and upward: Crocker selling stakes; $2000:
(MOG)Fessll (Parker & Co.) 9S
5410 'Colonel Van (D. Fountain) 94
(5404)San Nicholas (Burns & Waterhcuse). .109
.M42 'Warte Nlcht (P. Wllkerson) 02
54.T1 Arabo (Jennings & Co.) 1M
(5430)Martlnmas (C. T. Henshall) 105
5441 Jofcn A. Scott (M. Jones) :102
(.V.«{)*Evea O (Mrs. J. Coffey) , 90
53CS Hatnault (Thomas & Reav»y) 09
<5440)Salntly (T. Crowe) ;.:\106
5.r» Princess Titania (C. Young) 101
5.107 Hagerdon (H. U Frank).... 102
(5441)Irldlus (Jennings & Co.) ....107
5417 •Divina (El Prlmero Stable) 03
Third race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
5*27 The Cure (W. Fisher) lit
54l>9 Libbie Candhl (O. Appleby> .......110
5448 Flo Manola (M. J. Daly) tO7
KKU Whoa Bill (M. Eppinger) 110
M37 Young Pepper (F. J. O'Rourke) 107
6307 H. L. Frank (D. Cameron) .107
5414 Military Man (T. G. Ferguson) .113
54.X: Atlantico (E. J. Baldwin) US
5.107 Lustlff (B. Schreiber) ;110
MIS Ebony (Hamilton Stable) 110
5427 Instructor fBoota & Hollenbeck) 110
5.1*5 The Hawaiian (Figaro Stable) 107
Second race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up: telling: ....
»543<i)Mocorito (.T. Wellman) 10b
5127 'Mlsty's Pride (S. J. Jones) P5
5330 Dide/ot (J. P. Atkln). 106
5326 To^er of Candles (C. Young) 103
K«2 «Mure*ca (Mrs. C. E. Miller) 08
6414 »Fort Wayne (A. Josephs) 98
5440 'Pickaway (A. J. Jackson) ! .102
5424 Glenarvon ( W. Kisher) 1"«
54.10 "Nervator (Boots & Hollenbeck) 101
M40 Matt Hogan (W. P. Magrane)... 10«!
5-t4O Sallie Goodwin (S. Polk) 1 IW
541S Captivate (P. Hlldreth) MW
"Terrible ' Regnn" Is i Convicted.
VANCOUVER, B.C.. Dec. 11.— Jack
Regan) a." prize fighter, better knowniii
'coast cities as "Terrible Regan," 'was
to-day, found guilty 'of highway
bery., He; was ordered" to appear for
sentence ;to-morrow. -- . ¦¦¦
Obtained Franchise Illegally.
The motion of the Madera Railway
Company to dissolve an injunction
straining it from tearing up the Mc-
Lennan road in Madera County/for
the purpose of building a steam rail
road, issued on complaint of-Wilhcl
mlna McLennan, builder and owner of
the road, was denied yesterday by
Judge Seawell. In an opinion filed
with his decision Judge Seawell; holds
that the Board of Supervisors of
Madera County acted illegally in
granting the permit to the company
without first advertising for bids for
the franchise.
Christmns Presonts.
Playing cards, game counters, poker
chips (loose or in elegant cases).,chess
m^n. dominoes nnd chpckers all make ac
ceptable Christmas presents. For salt? in
rrreattsfvaTiety at Sanborn & Vall's; .* "
Fourth race, six furlongs—Ascen
sion won, .Malster second, Frank Bell
third. Time; 1:14 1-5. -..
.Fifth : race, one.^mile and a furlong
—Charley Thompson,; won, -Attilla sec
ond, :The Bobby: third. Time, 1:57 1-5.
Sixth- -race, six , furlongs— Agnes
Brennan won, Mordella' second. Sex
tette third. Time, 1:15 2-5. . ':.
*• Third race, one,. mile-r-Lew Dorsey
won, Lampoon second, Mauser third.
Time. 1:42 1-5. - - . . . V .„
Second race, five and ,a half fur
longs—Little,.Jack Horner won, .Iver
nia second, Eva Russell third. Time,
1:09. ; \ • . -¦< :>.- . •¦ '¦•-..
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 11.—Cres
cent City summary: .
First race, five and a half furlongs
—Over Again won,. Sid Silver second,
The Pride of Surrey third! .Time,
1:09 i-5. ¦ ¦ ''¦¦-¦:
Race Results at ..New Orleans.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday declined to issue
a warrant for the arrest or extradition
of Edward Morgan Herrera, the fugi
tive clerk from Valparaiso, ' who is
alleged to have absconded with
$1050 of money belonging to the
Chilean Government. Judge Hea
cock said there was no extradition
treaty between Chile and the United
States and that therefore hehad/no
jurisdiction in the matter. The Chil
ean Embassador at Washington has
been wired a statement, of the matter.
Herrera 13 being held pending a reply.
It. Is said that he is- willing to return
to Valparaiso for trial.
HerreraMay.Bo Released.
VANCOUVER, B. C.Dec. 11.—Queen
an easily defeated Wyatt at New West
minster to-night, putting him out In
the third round. In the second round
Wyatt went down four times, and the
first blow in the third finished him.
Quecnan Easily Defeats W's'att.
The members of the Alameda .Gun
Club, had a good shoot on canvasbacks
last' Sunday. These 1 desirable birds
were also killed in numbers in the vi
cinity of Vallejo. . , , ,
' Lou Vosburg brought home, 40 mal
lard from Brentwc-dd last Sunday.
The trap shooting season. will open in
February. The Golden Gate Club men
will meet Eoon to discuss the blue
rock shooting. It is expected the men
will shoot in three classes for medals,
guns and money. . .
W. R. Whittier and other members
of the Teal Club are prepared to give
the ducks a warm reception to-mor
row.
Eighteen canvasbacks were killed in
the bay off High street, Alameda. last
Sunday by an unattached gunman.
'F. Bell and Billy Un'red had a good
shoc-t near Alviso last Sunday. The
latter was down again on Wednesday
and secured the limit. J
F. Davidson ar.d a friend, killed 25
ducks and rail hear Alviso last Sunday.
Hunting Notes.
of halves — 25 minutes,
Young Players Arc Expected to Show
Good Sport To-Day on the
..'Presidio Grounds.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the
Jackson and the Mohican football
elevens will meet on the Presidio ath
letic i grounds. The teams are made
up of experienced young players and
an exciting contest is expected. The
men will line up:
Jacksons. Positions. llohlcms.
Thedy R. E. ti Mayer
Danzlger L. E. R Cueni
Mantick Ji. T -.. .Devlin
Purdy L. T RoncoVlerl
Peeler R. G Sp^rbeck
Sherman L. O Jewett
Laulerile (captain). ..C Pauli-Von Geldern
Smith n. H..Dougall ((captain)
Johnston L. H Corcoran
Saunders. Quarter Rottenberg
Seminerio Full Malcolm
Referee — Cedric Cerf. Umpire — Ben Gordon.
Linemen — Sonnenberr and C. Cuenin. Time
JACKSONS AND MOHICANS
ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD
HOT SPRINGS, Dec. 11.— Riley
Grannan arrived here this afternoon
from New Orleans and is quartered at
the Arlington. He stated that he had
come here to rest up for a month and
that he.lcft his interests in the Gran
nan-Davis-Foulke poolroom there in
the hands of his partners and a trust
ed lieutenant.
It is believed Grannan will look over
the local race track = proposition and
if the new Hot Springs Jockey Club
project looks promising to him he may
interest himself in a financial way.
It is also known that he would like
to cut in on a bit of the local pool
room play here and he may open a
"branch o£ the big New Orleans "store"
here. He says he needs a rest and is
compelled to take it.
Plunger- Is Studjing Conditions and
May Take jlland in Racing and
Poolroom Proposition.
RILEY GR ANNAN IS
NOW AT HOT SPRINGS
OAKLAND EAC2TEACS — FRIDAY, Dec. 11.— Weather fine. Track fast.
C444. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; purse; maiden 2-yfar-oMs; value to first. $::¦_.">.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|SC'.tU| i£T %. Str. Fla. I Jockey. Op. CV
; 5403 The -Bugaboo (M. Epplnger). . lOfi 2 .. 2 iv;2 2 2 2H1 3 i !X I^wl.o.. 6 T
5t(tt Et Tu Brute (J.' J. Moran).. 104 5 .... 1 mi 2%1 2' a 2 2 i.r." T Shehn 10 , 13
; 44.VS Pachuca (Napa Stock Farm). 107 3 -..." 32 34 3 n 3 3 |J. Daly ... 5 7-2
; 5421 Harbor (H. E. Rowell) 107 7 ... 5 4 52 4 »4 4 SiJiKInsr 5-2 13-5
6421 Waterspout (R. A. Smith) .. 104 « .. 414 iu.1 tuj :: ij Martin.. 5-2 3
54.XJ Wm. Parrish (S. G. Morton) 102 4 ... fi n « 5"rt 2 « \\i\j'. Booker.. 10 20
• S2S9 Uidy Belalr (Sanders * Co.).. 107 0 .. m 1.; 7 3 7 5 7 4 Knapj* .... 1* ,, 15
K125 Jack Little OV. P. Fine) 104 8 .. 7 n S U 8 4 8 3 Chandler .. 15 12
Capitol (G. Lanka) 1107! 1 ... 93 02 ft 5 !> 5 irtlrkonruth SO «O
MOO Colonel Mazuma (R. "Wilson). 1 104 110 ... 10 10 10 10 |U. Wilson. V* lfO
C4O0 IMoalta (Blanch! & Co.V |102| * lHiUlerbrn.1 15 SO
Tinie — :24}A, :48, 1:11. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:l.*?Vj Bcpabco. place. 5-2: show. B-5.
Brute, place. 5; enow. 2. Pachuca. show, ::-.%. Winner, b. c. by Crichton-Irene E.
Trained by M. G. Eppinger. Scratched— Caroburn. Start roeil. Won driving:. Second
stopping badly. Third driving:. Sheehtfn on Et Tu Brut? to«:k matters 100 easy at th«
«nd or he might have won. Pachuca ran a fair race. Harbor performed indifferently.
W aterspout don't seem to be much. 'Left. • «
6445. SECOND RACE— 6^ furlongs; selling; three-year-olds: value to first. $^5>,
Eidex Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. %I %I %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! ClT
6431 Jockey Club (TV. Fisher) ..|112! 4 n'.i 11 1 341 2'il £ I W.Waldo.. 2 9-5
6423 Albemarle <E. Tierney) I1O4| 1 lh 30 28 24 23 iHIlderbrnd "'3 ?~2
5434 Tamm <W. P. Magrane) ....[1C2I 7 S H 7 5 2 3 h |\V. Coleman 30 lfO
5208 Polonius (Stewart & Co.).... U2i « 6 4 7 2 4 V t .". 1 • 4 2»jiJ Daly .. 10 4t»
6414 Egg Nogg (S. G. Morton) |lO3| 5 52 52 3h 4 <j 5 4 IJ Booker.. 2O • '". t(t
.... Romalno (Murry & Co.) nC4! 8 71 «n Bn «4 «« IWrlght ...} «O SCrt
(4(504) Clausus . (T. H.- Ryan) 11212 4 n * »i 3 n 7 7 Ivicltery ...I 2« 4O
f.424 I3t. AVInifride <W. B. Sink Jr.) 102[ .1 2 >; 2 n « iFolev | 7-5 3-5
Time— :23. :47%. 1:14. 1:21. At post 2V* minutes. Oft at 2:o.S. Oub place .".-5: show. 1-3.
Albemarle. place. 7-10; show. 2-5. Tamm. show. S. Winner b c. by Rrutu»-Seraphln.
Trained by W. Fisher. Scratched— Brennus. Adirondack Blissful Leash. Start fair.
Won easily. Second easily. Third driving hard. Saddle on St. Wlnlfrtde turned and
Foley pulled up three furlongs from home. Jockey Club held Albemarle safe. Tamia
came from far back. Clausus showed early gp?ed. 'Pulled up.
544O. THIRD RACE— 5V, furlongs; selling ; all ages -"^alueT-T flrstTTSsTi!
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St Vt'. V^. %. Str. Fin. | ( Jockey-. Op. ClT
(5428) The Fog/ 3 (W. B. Sink Jr.).. IO» 2 ... 1 2U1 2U1 3 1 2 i Foley ~To 3~5
5414 Waterpower. 4 (H. Stover). . 110 5 ... 2 h 2 $i"3 « 2 na iSee I 30 4©
5424 Silent Water. 2 (R. Smith). 82! 4 ... 4 n 4 I, 4 U .1 i a lOreenfleld .1 K 12
5418 Bay Wonder. 3 (Newman). . 101 1 1 ... 3 2 .". 2 2 1>44 4 U Booker..! 5-2 2
5308 Loyal S. 5 (V. Gilbert! 10718 ... 8 H 5 2V>5 a; [Boston .... Jf> 15
5433 Foxy Grandpa. 2 (Coftey)... 85i 8 ... 7h 718 « 24fCrc*swalte 4<> lfr>
5400 Flo Mano!a. 2 (M. J. Daly)..[ 82| 3 '... 6 'i 5 2 0 n 7 2 iW Daly .. lft .TO
6120 John Boggg. 6 (J. B. Stover).. 1 109 1 7 ... C 1 6 Vj 7 h 8 [Chandler ..| 20 50
Time— :23%. :47ft. 1:06ft. At post 1 >4 minutes. Off at 3:KI 4. Fog place. 1-3: show. 1-5.
v .Waterpower. place, 8; show, 3. Water, show. 1. Winner, ch. c. by Magnet -Tenehrae.
Trained by W. B. Sink Jr. Scratched — Ananias Murpsca. Quiet Dcrice. Start wood.
Won easily. Next two driving hard. Winner tried to run out" all the way. Water
power is Improving. Silent Water will take «ome beating next time out. Bay -Wonder
. tired, the last part. Flo ManolaVill Improve.
g447. FOURTH JlACE—1 1-16 miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to 1st. $325.
Index f ./¦ Horse and Owner. |Wt,'St. % . %^ %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op] 57.
5425 (Rosarie, '4- (C. .TV. Chappelle).. 100] S .1 4 h 31 lh In IHIlderbrnd 5 T
6435 Illlowaho. 4 (H. Stover) :... 1091 4 5 l«i« li-ifi 2 5 h 2 2^'fee C 19
(5425) I Horton. a (Bianchi & Co.)... I12p 5 7 5 »i 4 h 4 n :$ h (Bullman .. 2 9-5
(5422) Kitty Kelly 6 (Stanfleld). . .». 105! 1 2 5 2 4 2 I}i3 2^4 3 |j Lewis .. 5 15
(5410) Harry Beck. 4 (Lynch &. Co.) 105 2 Ch 7 7 7 5 4 Ij! Martin.. 3 0-2
54S3 Solon. 6 (G. "Webb) ..r. 1102 « 4n 3n 5n «n «5 ichandler ..I 2 5-2
-542S- Oscar Tolle. 5 (Klunder & Co.)|l03| 7 1 Vi 1 4 1 242 V* 1 \J. Booker... j 12 30
Time— :23. :47*i. 1:14. .1:40%. 1:47. >t post 1>4 minutes. Oft at 3:28. Rosarie, place,
,-' '2; show. 4-5. Illowaho. place. 3: show^ 3-2. Horton. show 1-3. Winner b m hy
-Rosebud. Trained by C. W. Chappelle Scratched — St. Wllda. Achilles. Rio
Chico. Forest King. Pat Morrissey. Start good. Won In a very hard drive of tfcrs*.
Hllderbrand rode a swell race on the winner. Equally well handled Illowaho could
have won. Bullman on Horton grew anxious and made his move altogether too soon.
Qgcar^ Tolle _and j^|tty-jCell]r- raced -thems«>lveg jntf> Jhe_ grpund. Solon can't be good.
B44S. FIFTH RACE! — Seven furlongs; gelling; four- year-olds and up; value to first. $323.
Index . .Horse and ;. Owner. . lWt!3C i*. Vi- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. CL
"6425 Redwald. 6 (W. P. Magrane). 11081 « 5h Cn 3h 21 Ins IBulIman .. 2 9-S
6422 Constellator, 6 (Keating) I 991 8 7 1^3 1V41 2>il lVi2 \ iFoley 2 2
6-W4 * The Miller a (G. P. McNeil).. 1102 2 8 8 «4 .8 3 3 |J. T. Sheffci 10 ;'H
5432-ISchwarswald, 4 (Schreiber) . . i 971 5 3 h 2 % 2 h 3 1 4 '-i !.I. Booker.. ¦ .''»
(5437)lCambaceres 5 (V. Gilbert). . I l(Kil 1 fin 7 n 7n5 1 5n iBuxton 7 15
falBiSbeltmount. 4 (T. TVellman)llO2| 7 2 % 4 h 5 n "G.i, 0 2 iKnapp IS 13
"5428 RInaldo. a (Stsklyou Stable). 1102! S 4 h 5 % 4 1&4 >j 'ft !L Jackson.I 25 5O
"6436 Vebna Oark. 6 (McAlllstcr)llO7| 4 11 lh 8 7 n 8- VI. Powell... ) 5 «
.6425 Harry Thatcher. 6 (Hastings) [1081 • ..' ... (Donovan ..| 15 25
'Time — :23^4. :4S^. 1:13. 1:27^. At pest 6 minutes. Off at 3:58^. "Redwald. place, 4-5;
. ehow, 2-5. Constellator. place, 4-5; show. 1-3. Miller, show, 7-5. Winner ch g. by
Tenny- Red worth Rose. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched— Silver Fizz' Galanthus.
' -Aunt Polly. Start poor. Won In a hard drive of three. Bullman rode a desperate finish
on the winner. Schwarzwald was cut off in stretch by Constellatcr. *"T»re Miller was
' ': j t ropy e ? t . a , t e J i P^f^^^ J Xt'5I?3 > _£lt5iL^S^-J^3^^ 'Left.
344ft. SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse; threeyear-olds and upward; value to first. $023.
Index Horse and Owner. (WtiSt. *i- %• %. Str. Flu. | Jockey. Op. CL
5431 D Hayman. 3 (McLemore). 1011 1 3 2^32 32 2 >, 1 n !Lowe ..... 15 in
B39!> Beau Ormonde. 6 (Kripp) IU0| 3 22 2 3*41 n 11 2 2 IBulIman .. 3-2 7-5
6310 Epicure. 3 (A. T. DoD3on). .1104 2 In In 2 3 3 2 3 3 I. Powell... 3-2 7-5
5424 Heather Honey. 3 (Leach).. ll<M 5 4 1 4 7 4 8 4 3 4 4 iHen-Wson . 7 !>
5431 Byron Roue. 6 (R. Wilson). 1107! 7 fil 5 ij 5 4 5 8 5 8 I n. Wilson.. 8. ¦-' - »
6410 Plan, a (Strobel& Co.) 110714 7 7 r, 8 « 20 B 30 IKunz ..:..[ 1O v 40>
1C03 Car. Beauty. 4 (Thompson).. 1 1101 « 5 2tj« 1 7 7 7 !L. Spenccr.|, 30 10Q
Time— :25U. -*9U. 1:H%. l:39}j. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:23. Dolly Hayman. place,
10- shdw. 4. Ormonde, place. 4-5; show, 1-5. Epicure, show. 1-5. Winner b. f by
Crichton- Lista Hock. Trained by II. L. Revercomb. Scratched— Colonel Van Start
good. Won In aMiard drive of three. Beau Ormonde and Enicure race-i out in front and
Dolly caught both a trifle weary. Epicure was slightly cut off In stretch. Wilson also rode
Byron Rose. Honey outclassed.
54.13 Discus < Johnson & Co.) 01
Sixth race— One and an eignth miles; three
year-ol-la and upward; handicap:
3417 Vetorano (W. Vlvell) jxi
5441 Brags (J. Curl> ; m.T
54.-J1 Dupont (G. B. Morris) i«|
.¦"WISH) Konic (C Youngr> tOJ
5441 Yellow Tall (J. Hackett) U3
i5417)Horatiu s <J. J. McAlester) 10rt
3345 Nigrette (Jennings & Co.) uj
•Apprentice allowance.
psobaele wnrensxs.
rifst race — Avenger. Judsra. Wiaafreda.
Second race— Port "Wayne, Moeorlto.
Matt Hosran.
Third race — Military Kan, E. L. Frank.
Atlantico.
Fonrth ' race — Jennlng* entry, B*a
Nicholas, Princess Tltaala.
. rif til race — Cimb, The rretter. Exp&.
Cleat.
- Sixth race— Horatitu. Dupont* Eonic.
Teams Still a Tie In Cycle Race.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— With seven
teams tied for first place. Root and
Dorian had withdrawn last night and
Moran and Keegan still a lap behind.
but making occasional desperate
spurts' to make uo that distance, the
riders in the six^day bicycle race kept
up their vreary grind to-day.
The 12 o'clock score follows: Conte
net and Breton, Leander and Butler,
Floyd Krebs and Peterson, Newkfrk
and Jacobson. John and M. Bedell,
Bowler and Fisher, and Walthour and
Munroe, tied at 1992 miles: Moran ani
Keegan, ISfrl miles and nine laps.
, Fuller assumed aggressive . tactics
in the second round. He landed two
heavy.- rights'" on Welch's jaw and
shook him up. Welch took things
easy, and let Fuller tire himself. Ful
ler'fought hard'in the third, but could
do no damage. - Welch would cover
up- and allow George to do the bat
tling and then would let fly with both
hands and land heavy wallops on Ful
ler's head and body. Welch used a
left shift, , a la Canole, and caught
Fuller gapping. The second time he
tried it. Fuller crossed him with his
right on .the jaw. It was even up at
the end of this round.
Welch tried covering up tactics in
the -fourth and allowed Fuller to do
the ,wc>rk. When the latter tired
Welch :' turned . loose and had his man
going. .The "Spider" had his man in
a weary condition before the round
ended^and it- was apparent to all that
Welch" would win the next round.' Ful
ler was* game, '"however, and came up
for the" fifth round' ready and willing:'
to mix._Welch* hooked him twice with
his long left and- then sent in a ter
rific body, punch which hurt. Fuller
fought back, but Welch, scenting vic
tory, went in and in half a minute had
Fuller faltering. He shifted and sent
a terrific left to the body and followed
with a right to the head, sending Ful
ler to the floor. Referee McDevitt hu
manely stopped the fight and gave the
decision to Welch. Fuller arose be
fore the court^of ten, but, was very
groggy. ..
'Fuller was in splendid shape, al
though a trifle drawn. Welch was
also trained and very confident. In
the first round Fuller started the go
ing by hammering Welch with lefts
and rights. He landed some vicious
punches and surprised the "Spider."
As the round closed Welch landed a
vicious left uppercut that hurt Ful
ler. It was Fuller's round.
The preliminary battle between
"Spider" Welch and George Fuller
was a clean exhibition of . boxing.
Welch was declared the winner in
the fifth round by Referee Jimmy
McDevitt, who stopped the V bout for
fear that Fuller might bejnjured. It
was well he did so, as 'the defeated
man had no chance against his hard
hitting opponent. <
Referee McDcvitt Stops Bout In Fifth
Round to Save Beaten -Man.
WELClf DEFEATS FULLER.
The famous Carlisle Indian football
team will play a game in this city
against an All-California eleven on
Christmas day. This was definitely de
cided yesterday, af ternooiy/fyhen "Pete'.'
Smith, acting f or* the. Califo'rnians.Ve
cefved a wire f rom^Jie't manager of • th$
Indian eleven,': stating, that the terms
offered were satisfactory;
This announcement will be.joyfuily
received' by all lovera of the game, and
the match will be one of. the mostim^
partarit athletic events of the. year on
the Pacific • Coast. . . When theV Indian
eleven-played against the University^ of
California here four years "ago, '.the
match attracted', widespread ¦attention
arid [ drew' an immense crowd. ',' Every
year since there has been talk of again
bringing the Indian kickers to'»vthe
coasts but not tjll the present time have
the plans carried.. " . ;
"Pete" , Smith, 'manager of " the Reli
ance team, has been negotiating with
the red men*for. several weeks. He said
last night:" •.!¦-*. ? ' .. ¦'¦¦..: ,,¦'.
".Yes; the Indians will play 'here
Christmas day. without doub't,>'and' I
think that I; will be able to put. a crack
team in; the field against; them. They
will play,: in Denver on December 19 and
will leave immediately for this city, ar
riving here on December 22, so- that.
they, will have two days in which to
warm up for the big game.
"I have been after several of the Cal
ifornia, and Stanford players and I
think that many of them will consent
to play. Overall, Heitmuller, j3towe and
several other stars from the Berkeley
team will-be on the All-California lirie
up, provided the game with Minnesota
is declared off.
"I expect to have many of the Stan
ford gladiators on the team. I will
have a talk with them to-day and see
what can be done toward inducing
them to play on the All-California
team. I am sure Captain Bransbacll
will consent, and there are others that
I know would like to play, but as yet I
am not at liberty to give out their
names."
The big contest will be pulled- off on
the Richmond field and should attract
15,000 people. The California squad,
which will probably consist of twenty
three or more men, will begin active
training on Monday, so that the team
'will be in first-class form to meet the
famous redskin kickers.' •/ . •:•,.¦
. "Pete 1 !. Smith, _wijl look out for the
¦interest of the local.team and will'have
.entire charge. From here the Indians
may go to Los Angeles.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
¦XOTKS OE\. THE TRACK.
Sam Shaen. a member of the Metro
politan Turf Association, is back from
New York. Sam says his employer,
George Rose, will be here in the course
of ten, days. Ed Lloyd and several
other Eastern bookmakers are also
headed this way.
Colonel "Butch" Fisher thinks his
Jockey, ''Bill" Waldo, has finally struck
his gait, and from now on will be heard
from more frequently. "Bill" certainly
did shpw signs of lif,e on Jockey Club, j
It was auite a day for Crichton, the
Australian horse, whose , home is < at
Napa Stock Farm, the breeding estab
lishment. The Bugaboo arid Dolly Hay
man both claim him as their paternal
parent.
•When Foley's - saddle turned on St.
Winifride he was unable to extricate
his foot from one stirrup and was for
tunate in • getting the filly pulled up
without meeting with a bad accident.
j Bullman scored his first win of the
meeting on Redwald. •
" Roy Off utt and his crew, • consisting
of Charley Burgess. Tony Cleiver and
George Guiton. arrived from Cincin
nati' Thursday night. Off utt will cut in
to-day.
For the closing -day. at Oakland the
Crockej, selliriff stake* wiir be , the fea
ture events In it meet some of the best
sprinters in the ,West. among the num
ber being Iridius and Arabo, the Jen
nings pair; Jchn A. , Scott, Princess Ti
tania, Sa ¥ n Nicholas, ';¦ Martinmas and
Divlna. ;"
; Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six and a half furlongs; two-year
olds: selling: • .. . '.j ¦.¦¦•.- ; ':>'•- ¦
iU21 Neko (Alhambra Stable).... ....... ...103
510!) •Miss'May Bowdlsh ; »Li. A. Blaslngame) 05
5130 Avenser ; < J..F. ¦; Schorr). .. . . .'. ....... . .110
»'.V.'V« 'Daphne Rose iR. Wilson) ....'. . . ? .'.'.'. ftft
5409 'Mae. Srott (C. W. Carroll) .... . . .\i. - s ft0
5430 Judge (M. J. Daly)..:. .'." ;115
;&»2T-Mls8 Ringlet* '(V. G. Ferguson).".... , .107
5409 *\Vlnefreda (D. Schrelber)....... 93
Dolly Hayman, a product of Napa
Stock Farm, furnished the sensational
part of the racing at Oakland yester
day. The three-year-old filly is owned
by the Texas horseman, Wade McLe
more, and was one of seven starters in
the concluding event of the afternoon,
a mile purse affair. So busy were the
talent, getting aboard Beau Ormonde
and Epicure, each of which wasquoted
'.at •.7; to 5,. that very little attention was
paid any of the others. Dolly Hayman
made -her California debut In a race
last Tuesday, but the showing she
made was far below her Eastern rec
ord. Wade McLemore figured that his
entry was up against It; and so did the
major portion of the bookmakers, for
100 to 1 was 'chalked . on a rfew boards.
Bullman had the mount on Beau Or
monde and Powell rode. -Epicure. At the
"start ? the pair went out in front and
everything 1 : pointed to a two-horse race.
Although "the pace was not a sizzling
one, Powell topk 'Epicure back a bit
about three turlongs from the stand.
About this time Lowe began moving up
.wUhJJolly Hayman, '.'and it was 'appar
ent 'she was going ' to be a factor. Bull
man" '¦' saw- " her ' coming.' and sat . .down
hard: on Ormonde,' and Powell also tried
to iget t iri^the', game- again. About a
furlong f rom • the wire .the latter was
cut- off, .and in" a.. mild drive- the-.de
splsed>l6hg.,shot lowered the colors of
BeaJu'.brmoriae' by a long' neck in 1:39^.
Two -lengths away, . Epicure was third.
There ,was only a dribbling play. on the
winner, .the average, market price being
40 ' to/ 1, ¦'"'. arid ' the bets recorded were
mostly show plays. . v . . :'» v •.. ; .;
The mild weather. and a" card above
the. average attracted a large ; attend
ance.;; '.The different events were -well
contested, head and nose finishes be
ing - common occurrences. ..¦* Three fa
vorites were, returned winners."',
, Morris Eppinger's colt The Bugaboo,
an 8 to 1 "chance," took the maiden two
year-old scramble from a 'field of ten.
Et Tu Brutes Another, long, sJjoJL led to
within fifty yards of the wire, where
The Bugaboo, ridden by' N. Lewis, got
up in -time to win by- almost a length.
Pachuca beat the favorite, Harbor, for
the show.
If St. Winifride had a'ch'ahce to take
the six and a half furlong selling num
ber it was ruined soon after the start
by Foley's saddle turning. The rider
himself narrowly escaped injury, finally
getting the mare pulled up near the
three-eighths pole. Jockey Club, pilot
ed by Bill Waldo and equal favorite
with St. Winifride, early assumed the
front position, beating out Albemarle
with something in reserve. Tamm, ;a
100 to 1 shot, with W. Coleman up,
downed Polonius a, short head for the
show.
The Fog, a 3 to 5 favorite, made a
runaway race of the five and a half
furlong selling run. Foley had the leg
up on the colt and was kept busy, from
the time the. barrier was released try
ing to prevent his mount fror; running
out. Under this handicap "the favorite
crossed the line two lengths before
Waterpower, a 40 to 1 'chance. Bob
Smith's two-year-old Silent Water dis
posed of Bay Wonder for third place.
A body punch that hurt was deliv-.
ered when Horton finished third In the
mile and a sixteenth selling number.
The little horse had Bullman in the*
pilot-house and closed favorite at 9 to
5. "Bull" proved a poor skipper, act
ing verv much as if he had lost his
bearings and was afraid of striking
Farallo*n light. Because the faint
hearted Oscar Tolle opened up a gap
over the field Bullman drew his marlin
spike at the five-furlc-ng pole and be
gan riding the favorite. Horton has
but one run, and in the stretch was
not there. Hifdebrand rode an excel-i
lent race on Rosarie. beating out See
on Illowaho in a driving finish by a
neck. The favorite ran third, nearly
three lengths back. ,
However, the followers of Bullman
evened up matters in the seven-furlong
event following. ' He had the mount on
Billy. Magrane's Redwald^ and away
from, the post only- fairly well grad
ually wore down the leaders and in a
desperate drive was awarded a nose
decision over Constellator. The Miller'
ran a bang up third.
Many Stars From Stanford
and Berkeley May-Oppose
iNoted Redskin Kickers
Round 20— They • shook hands. Ferguson
raught the nr-rro a left *;n>"the nose. They fid
dled around the ring. Johnson tried left, right
and left to head and body and Ferguson saved
himself by clinching. Johnson landed a heavy
right on Feigubon'* jaw. .They clinched. 'John
son tried desperately to knock, his man out,", but
failed. Johnson worked hard in this round hnd
did all the aggrosslve work. . Tim- HcGra'th
appealed to Fergupon to use his- right as. lie did
when he beat Waleott. but Ferguson shook his
head and intimated It was. hurt; When the
battle ended Keferee Welch tapped Johnson on
the hack -and declared him the winner. Fergu
son retired to his corner and said the coon had
to fight to win. '• ' ¦:¦"¦:¦
kept tending Ferguson's head back with lefts.
Johnson rushed his man to the ropes and
landed. three hard lefts to the body. Ferguson
landed a heavy left on Johnson's stomach.
Ferguson was rushed to Johnson's corner, and
as he pressed against the ropes he raised his
knee and nearly fouled his colored opponent.
Round IS — Ferguson begtin. to fight in this
round. -He tried a tjouple, of swings and missed.
He made such a poor showing that the crowd
hissed him. Every time Johnson swung his
left for the body Ferguson would duck low
in the hope of saving himself- punishment.
Ferguson slapped Johnscn with his open glove
and the crowd hooted.* ; •
Round 19 — Ferguson opened this round with
a heavy right to Johnson's head. Johnson
rushed his man to the ' ropes and landed his
left and right to head and body. Johnson
staggered Ferguson with a hea.vy right to the
jaw. Johnson used his left and kept sending
Ferguson's head back.;.:
"Pete" Smith Arranges Match
Which Will Bs Played in
This City Christmas" Day
whipped both of them without turning
a hair.
Jack Johnson, the 'colored heavy
weight boxer, gained an easy decision
over Sandy Ferguson at Colma last
night after ttfenty rounds of variegated
milling. It was more comedy than fight
at times--.
Ferguson proved ai:- awkward boy,
without ability as a boxer and without
any knowledge of ringcraft. He was
bo big and so clumsy that Johnson's
far-famed • cleverness was in eclipse
throughout the fight. His stinging left
Jab. which, with other men. had the
bite <* a viper in it, proved harmless.
His right- was also seldom used for
pome reason not apparent to the spec
tators. Ferguson leaned so far back
and kept his left so far out that John
son's blows seldom reached thefV mark.
When they did they were not effective,
Ferguson showing the first trace of
Mood in the seventeenth round.
The Boston man was credited with
having a great right hand, but it was
not in evidence last night. After the
light Ferguson claimed he injured it in
the third round. He used It at long in
tervals, but each time he swung it like
a flail and struck with his open glove.
There was no force in the blow or in
any he used.
BETTING ON ROUNDS.
Johnson commenced using his right in
the sixteenth round, which gave the
spectators the impression that there
had been some betting on the rounds
¦and that Johnson did not try to wind
matters up quickly. The spectators
made up their minds early in the fight
that the heavyweights were not doing
the fighting expected of them. They
jeered them repeatedly and urged them
on sarcastically whenever the big 1 fel
lows got besy, although they were do
ing no damage. There was no class to
the contest, but it gave those in attend
ance a chance to yell and coach to their
heart's content.
They were with Ferguson from the
start and joined his seconds in pleading
for him to go in and do something. He
either did not know how or would not
take a charce, as he was invariably on
the receiving end. Johnson was the
ar»res-5or, m a mild r.ort of way, at all
iimes, but there wai something lack
ing. He cou?<l not make the spectators
believe he was in earnest. He could
outfeint Ferguson any time, the Boston
man being all at sea whenever he
made a few passes in front of his face.
For a time Ferguson seemed anxious
for an excuse to stop, as he claimed
several blows were foul. As they wen?
palpably fair Referee Welch gave Iiirn
r.n satisfaction, but ordered him to con
tinue fighting.
BLOWS ARE NOT EFFECTIVE.
Th« majority of the blows struck Juv
irg the fight landed on Ferguson, bat
Fccir.ed to a' ve no effect on him. In
i he seventh round Johnson stumbled
down" and th..- spectators thought Fer
puson had hi:r.. Johnson was up in an
instant, but lor the time being he had
all the fight taken out of him. In Uw
sixteenth he knocked Ferguson down,
but he was up at the count of two.
Johnson was a consistent favorit3
frcm the time betting commenced. The
bulk of the -.r.oney was wagered at 10
t«» .< and 10 to 4.
The Colma band discoursed sweet
music after the first preliminary.
"Sandy" Ferguson entered the ring to
the tune of a waltz and Jack Johnson
came somewhat later. His delay in
entering the ring was due to his desire
to come down the middle aisle in step
with a ragtime melody. When Mr.
Johnson entered the arena he created
a sensation. He looked like a colored
Fanta Claus. He wore a bathrobe tha't
would make any member of his race
turn green with envy. It was a crea
tion. Pink and blue roses on a black
background, and a pink girdle set off
the robe. Johnson's black face and gold
teeth shone beneath the big hood that
covered his shiny head. He was so
proud of h5s robe that upon entering
tfye ring he walked around and dis
played it to the spectators amid great
laughter.
ATTENDANCE IS LJCHT.
Ferguson was seconded by Tim 51c-
Grath, Joe Millet and Walter Mareno.
He wore black trunks and a sash of
red, white and blue. His tkin was pink,
but he looked a trifle too fat. John
son discarded his robe and came forth
in a purple breech-clout and purple
stockings. He was In splendid shape
He had Mark Shaughnessy, Australian
Tim, Murphy and Harry Foley behind
The arrangements for the fight were
an imorovement upon those of ' the
club's first affair. The ventilation was
better and there was flooring: for the
spectators instead of tanbark. The spe
cial trains proved an excellent inno
vation and several hundred spectators
availed thomsolves of the chance to
ride to and from the fight by rail.
Small boys scampered over the roof
and tore off shingles in the hooe erf
peelnp the fight. Had they not drop
ped shingles on the heads of the spec
tators they would probably have been
permitted to remain. Having commit
ted this breach of Colma rules, a dep
uty sheriff climbed on ths roof and
scattered the daring youths. The at
tendance was not large, there being
less than 5^000 in the lie-use. I' '
One point the spectators were agreed
upon. That was that both men should
Irccp as far away as possible from Jef
fries. From the showing they made
last right the bis champion could have
FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
Description of Hcavyneizht Battle as
Seen by an tlxpert at Ringside.
For twenty- rounds Johnson did the
aggressive work. In every round he
rent Ferguson's head back with
straight lefts and bad the white man
bleeding internally. He knocked Fer
guson through, the ropes on two occa
sions and had him down for the count
of two seconds during the battle. John
son did r.ot begin fighting hard until
the fifteenth, when he tried to win.
Ferguson claimed to have hurt his
right hand early in the fight. Fallow
ing Is -a. description of the fight by
rounds: ...
Round 1— Ferguson extended his hand to
shtke with 'Johnson, hut the latter refused.
Beth men assumed fighting attitude and af toe
feinting for a time Johnson led with left and
Fergu«>n caught the blow on his glove. Jonn
son sent his left lightly to race. Ferguson
swung his left and Johnson neatly blocked.
Johnson tried for the face and Ferguson
swung a heavy right on the colored man a
hack Johnson outfeinted his man and then
let fly with his left, ca-tchtng Sandy on the
nose." They exchanged lefts and both lantfea
on face. Ferguson rushed and tried with
both hands but Johnson blocked and got
away. T Johnson rushed and Ferguson ducked
out of danger. Ferguson became wild and
Johnson forced his head back with left on
face. Ferguson tried • a right for the head,
but the blow was blocked. ' . .
Round 2— Johnson opened the round by
tending a left on face. Johnson rushed and
the men clinched. Johnson began using the
straight left and kept bothering Ferguson by
sending his head back.- Ferguson answered
the request from his corner. and used his left.
He cent it straight out and caught Johnson
on top of the head.. Johnson planted a left. .to
body He missed a left hook a moment later.
Johnson tried for the body, but Sandy blocked
with his big elbows. Johnson sent a "hard
left .for the body and Ferguson smiled. John
eon missed a right swing for head and they
clinched as gong sounded.
Hound 3— Johnson led with his left ana
Ferguson met him- with a right swing for. the
head which made the colored boxer cautious.
Ferguson tried a "right swing a moment later
and it came within an'inch of Johnson's Jaw.
Had it landed it would have been curtains
for Johnson. Sandy lawled straight Klttt on
stomach. Johnson put both arms before his
face and began moving side to Fide in tne
hope of drawing Ferguson on. Ferguson let
ny his left for stomach, but fell short. •¦ They
clinched. Johnson lands left and , right on
head and body and they clinched. -^Sar.dy
landed straight left on Johnson s mouth and
the crowd cheered. Both mtn tried, swings
and missed. Ferguson clapped Jolmson on
the kidne-ys. Sandy's glove was loosened when
b< Round l 4— The C °gTove was still loose in this
rcurd. They sparred around Jfor: a . f cw sec
onds. The crowd yelled to Sandy to go in. but
Ferguson held back. Johnson ruslu-d. planting
left and right on head and body. He sent Fer
guson against the ropes and the force of the
blows and the shove sent Ferguson out among
the newspaper men. He was hoisted into the
ring again, Johnson helping him in. Ferguson
came back fighting and landed on the negro ¦
head. Johnson rushed and staggered Ferguson
with left and right "to Jaw and body. Ferguson
stopped and FhoulJered Jchnson into the air.
Johnson landed a straight left to Jaw and again
staggered the Boston man. | Johnson tried a
vicious right uppercut and missed. ( Jchnson
went to his comer laughing because he missed
the terrific blow. . • ¦
Round 5— Johnson continued ;the use of his
left, sending Ferguson's head back with uner
ring frequency. In a clinch the wegro lost his
temper. He grapped the white man v under the
arn-,« and swung him round the/rtng as if he
were a boy. Tl;e crowd hissed Johnson and af
ter that he fought cleanly, being': the first to
break In the clinches. Johnson landed his left
and then caught Ferguson a harcLJlght on the.
kidneys. Johnson followed this up.fcy knocking
Ferguson's head back with a straight left.
fYou can't whip me." said Ferguson, with a
grin as he sparred away from Johnson. John
son sent Sandy's head back again and they
clinched. Ferguson made a wild right handed
swing and missed. Johnson took advantage of
the cpening to lani a heavy right on the body.
Johnson planted .his left on the body 'and Sandy
made a wrye fac* and claimed he had 'been
fouled. The blow was a fair one and Referee
AVe'.ch would not recognlie the claim. There
wcrs cries of foul, but no foul was committed.
Round 6 — Fereufon came up srr.ilin? and
Johnson removed the smile by knocking- his
hrsd back with a straight left. Ferguson
m!ss<?J a BtnUSht left and then slapped John
sen on th» back. He did not seem able to
la::d a right-hand punch. Ferguson. 1 broke
ground nnd blocked some of Johnson's swings
and hooks. Both men mixed it for a few
jw>con'Js and then clinched.' Both landed heav
ily on the bedy. Ferguson appealed to the
referee and claimed Jchnson was hitting low.
His claim had no foundation and* Referee
Welch sent hira to his corner w'sen the gong
pounded. To many It looked an if Ferguson
did not like the gaff and was willing to quit.
Hound 7 — Johnson assumed the aggressive,
as soon as they reached the center of the ring.
He tried to finish Ferguson, but without suc
cess. Jack tried a left shift and missed. The
force of the blow sent the ntgro to the floor.
lie was up in an Instant and fighting hard.
Ferguson thought he had eent Johnson ' down
and tried to win. He rushed and sent in
heavy blows, some of which were blocked
anl otlirrp landed on the negro's head and
body. Johnson seemed scared and broke
ground. The crowd yelled to Fenruson to go
in and win and when Sandy rushed he was
met with left and rights that sent him back.
Johnson rushed Ferguson to the ror>?s and
planted a heavy right to the body.
Round S— Johr«jn as usual opened up th«
ratile. He pent his left to the face and tried
;, crcra Feruuwn with his right. The mfn
clinched and began fighting in the clinches.
The crowd grew uprorious and tried' to make
fit- rr.en continue fast fighting. Both held
back Icr 1 awhile. Johnson pressed forward
and Ferguaon poiFfd himself as * If he was
about to deliver a right swing. Johnson let
fiy with his left and landed on Ferguson*
sore nose. Sandy tried his left, but fell short.
Sandy ruuhed and slapped Johnson on the
back. JohnFon Dianted left on the body and
tht-y clinched. Beth men eet themFelvcs.
Jchnson rent left to the face. Fergu
son mispei &. left swing by a foot.
Johnson tried richt for the jaw, but missed.
Both n>ktfis :>OHPd in the center cf. the ring
and the crowd yelled to them to fight. Fer
guson replied by landing a heavy right on
Johnson's heaa. Johnson retaliated with a
left to the face, sending Ferguson's head hack.
Fergusr-n trlod another right swing and grazed
Johnson's Jaw. Ferg-uwin feigned gTogirtnei'S
in order to brine Johneon In. The colored
man laushed and r>tcp^ed away. Ferguson
laughed anil Ftralzhtened up and they re
f*umcd the game of "dare and dassent." The
gong <*erit them to their corners.
Roun'l 0 — Johnson opened the round with a
punch in the body. Johnson eent Ferguson's
hw.d back with a straight left. Ferguson set
himself cn>l did nothing. Johnson played for
the body and got in two frood lefts on Fer^u-
Min> stomach. Sandy tried straight left and
fell short. Jchnscn rushed Sandy to the ropes
and lspdPd with his open glove. Ferguson
came biuk with straight left, catching Johnson
on the mouth. Johnson staggered his man with
a heavy' left on the' Jaw. Ferguson went
against the ropes and looked surpri?«^d. John
son Jabbed Sandy in the body. Johnson used
\fit to bo"!y and missed a heavy right cross
for the Ja^-
Round 10 — Fergueon made a wild da*h at
Johnson when the jropg sounded and the n"»gro
Mde-Btrpped out of danger and laughed. Fer
guson rushel again and went against the rope*.
Johnscn took advantage and «ent left and right
to the body. Jshnjcn caught Ferguses a little
bit low am! Ferguson appealed to the referee.
It »-as accidental end the referee told him to
ro on and fight. Johnron jabbed Fcr«ruson In
the mouth. Johneon rushed and Ferguson
clinched. Johncon played for the head and
landed repeatedly. Johnson followed Ferguson
round the ring ««.nd the crowd Jeered the
white man because he would net mix thing*
with the colored' man. As the round ringed
Johneon «rnt a h»avy right over, catching Fer
guson on the head.
From the tenth to the fifteenth *ctnd John
»on :>layed with hi* rr>an. He landed his left
it>D?atp<ily on Ferguson's head. He tried to
»*n<i hi* rifht to the Jaw, but could not. as
Ferguson wr.* always moving away from him.
Ferguson took terrific punlsnment Iti thess
rounds. Johnron dM, not show championship
form. He felntrd hit man and tried to make
him uncover hlm*»lf. hut Fenrnson hid his
Jaw behind ' n massive, shoulder . Ferguson
•¦np> in »wfcn» unlimberefl himself, but did
no damafce. He wan tired, but came. He
fcnielimes ch't r.ut his latt and landed on
.!chn^,n. Ha<l Forrujon used M»- light he
tr.itht hav« nailed Johr>»r.n.
r.o'ind 1C — Johnson sent Ferguson's hend
5"'<j<-k. H« f-ros»y<-d Frrru£o?\ and Sandy
r.cnt '!o»n to h!? kn«-e.- The t:mek(*p?r
i-ountfT two and fi.tndv arose somewhat flur
rlpfl. He * % l!rK>h' i il 9n<l n« fnin n« hi* brain
<*>nrr<1 h« a»ci;m<<l the defensive. Johnson
rr'Uiwt'J hi* man all over the rlnc trv'n'f
•¦ard to Itr-i his neht but Ferguson' blocked
him. ' . ,
Hourd 27— .Tohnson rtaKserM Sandy wi'h it
left r.n • T--,»~\finr. - Ho trnt fh<» wh't» »im'i
n<:»inn the ror's. ffiR-iEnn ow* t)acVi\!th
a vicious rJRht rvrttis hut- niir-sed. Johr.zon
Victor's Cleverness Is Offset Throughout the Fight
by the Clumsy Style of the Burly
Man From Boston.
CARLISLE INDIANS
TO MEET AN ALL
CALIFORNIA TEAM
BOXER JACK JOHNSON EASILY OUTPOINTS FERGUSON IN TWENTY ROIMDS
DOLLY HAYWIAN, AT ODDS OF 100 TO 1,
DEFEATS BEAU ORMONDE AND EPICURE
Daughter of Crichton Is Neglected by Bettors, and Under
§ Lowe's Excellent Handling Runs a Fast Mile— Bullman
Lands Redwald Winner by a Nose— Jockey Club in Front
HIE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SATURDAY, 1 DECEMBER 12, 1903.
Fifth race — One and a quarter rni:«s; three
year-olds and uDward: selling:
64.17 # Rlo Shannon (Mrs. J. Coffey) : . 05
"M20 'Blessed Damoael (C. W. Chappelle). 02
(5429)»Chub (Pelter & Co.) 96
(54M)»The Fretter <F. J. O"Rourk«). ...... 03
64 n »Lacy Crawford (B. Scfcrelber) 96
5434 Canejo (G. B. Morris) 101
M13 Position (C. Durfe*) 97
5420 Expedient (P. E. Smith) 07
11
ADVERTISE3EENTS.
WOULU'S HEC0E.D S2CA.SKCS.
TWICE in One Weok We Picked
6 STRAIGHT WINNERS.
We nr» h«>re n-ith our h«n3Icapr>crp and t!m-
rn-. HftTidirar.pIrnr if em the nonry. \\> vnn
the l>oo«s.makcr«. ror «( are* picking ih»
winrTK. Ixt vr a'lvife ?^>!. «n<1 wr- will
MAKE VOU MONEY. TERMS— FU Fiwlal
han-licBji f--p!f<tSoni< d«!ly./6Cc: wefkly. $2.»0.
\\> v.-Ul !¦::.'¦.!'• ycur moner fcr 10 j»»r cent on
r^<-;i UlUI»|' W« |48T> v^**' fl'JvlM* j-ou th»»
r.arrrsi rrf th<> tenpM «c plare y.rar mrnfy ot by
pm;i :--i Z p. n. The fi Mr.w:ns- Jtr* «Ii<» suitf
lhat «r* Afv-fytPd f^r »ir:t'r«r; IVr n Z2 J>l?.y
<>n hor^c. SIT: for a *r» j>!ay 0" <-»c-h licr»*.
%2&\ for a JK» ji'sy on rah +.orf, SCO: tar a *2t
play or. «ieh hor*». f.ICn. Picfi'.* remitted
VMldy. Rr-tnU >!:!e<-t to
W,E, TRIMBLE & CO.
750 Market St.. i?an Krsnclsco. «;al
ADVESTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARSUnited States - Coast and Geodetic I Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Lew Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San • Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.. x .
NOTE.— The . high and low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street; wharf) about 25
minutes later -than at -Fort Point; thebelght
of tide .Is the' game at both places.
. .SATURDAY. DECEMBER, 12. '
Sun rises. .^ ........... .7 :1S
sun seta ...................; .4 :.M
Moon rises ..¦..•...,..;...•.; .1:49 a. m.
O' Trme|~~~|Tlme(~"*~ Time Tlme| '
£ Ft. \ Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? H-Y.) ¦ |L AV| H W L.ffl " .-,
12 |.6:10| 5.6|12:SS|. 1.51 6:49| 4.1). ....I.....
!L .W \H Wl JL W| |HW
13 0i21 1,61 7:«0| .5.7 ;l::« l.Ol 8:l0i i.d
14 .1:16 s 1.0 7:501- 5.9 2:34 .0.41 '0:191 4.4
15 2:08 2.2 8:351 6.0 3:25 0.0|10:13 4.5
1« 2:57 : 2.5 J»:l»l CO 4:lt» : 0.4111:11] 4.H
17. 1 3:10| r2.7fl0:00| .5.01 't:52|-r-O-g|ll:8af 4.7
NOTE.— In* the "above exposition of the tides
the' early morning, tides are given- In'the left
hand column and - the -, successive tides of the
day In the order of . occurrence as to time; the
fouith . time column . gives the last, tide of the
day.', except when there are but three- tides. \'as
sometimes occurs.' > The heights • given are . In
addition 'to the -soundings" of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign, precedes the height. 4 and 'then the -number
El\ *n la subtracted " lrom ¦ the - depth given ; by
Joseph Tab! tt, a Syrian peddler,
was found dead yesterday in his room
at 47 Tehama streejr suffocated by il T
luminating gas.. He was 65 years of
age and had been sick for a long time.
He, had been dead three or four days
when discovered..
* Suicide of Peddler.
FROM SEATTl-a
Sun, Moon, and Tide.
The local office of the Rock Island
system was yesterday advised from
the East that on "the first of the year
the offices of the Frisco line in this
city and Los Aneeles will lje merged
into the agencies of the Rock Island
Company. The affairs of the local of
flce of the .Frisco line will be turned
over to F. W. Thompson, Pacific Coast
general agent of the Rock Island, and
thereafter the freight traffic of the
Frisco will- be handled by Harry Ad
ams, commercial agent 'of the Rock
Island. Harry Needham. commercial
agent, and John E. Hanna, local agent
of trie Frisco line.. it is said, will .be
taken care of by Thompson. John VT.
Edwards, who is in charge of the Los
Angeles office of the Frisco line, an
ticipating the change, has already
forwarded his resignation to Chicago.
AVill Be Merged Into the Agencies of
the Rock Island System on the
':; '•-;-; First of the Yeor. ~
COAST OFFICES^OF THE
- FRISCO LINE TO CLOSE
Steamer. Destination. J Sails.) Pier.
December- 12.. ] " | .
Arcata coos B.-Pt. Orford.j 4 pmjpier 13
Pomona..:. Humboldt 1:30 pi Pier »
Pt. Arena. Humboldt i 4 pm|Pler 2
China Chl.ta & Japan.... 1 pmjPier,40
City Para.'. N. Y. via Panama.. 12 mjPier 40
Oueen.v Pug«t Sound Ports.|lt amiPnr i»
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor | 4 pm[Pler CO
North Fork Huniholdt I & pm|Pler 'M
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports.| 4 pmlPIer 10
.. ¦ . Secember 13. I
laqua Humboldt.. 9 amfPler- 2
H. Kosa... San Diego & Way U am|Pier li
! December 14. I
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .. B pm|Pler 2
G. W.'EWw Astcria & Portlarid. 11 am|P!cr 24
S.Barbara. Seattle & Otympla. 4 pm Pier S
Alliance... Kureka & Coos.B. ...... Pier IB
Redondo... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
December 15.
Bonita Newport & Way. ..1.9 amPto 11
San Pedro. . " um I» o !^ t ' • • • • • V ¦ ', 4 ,P m iL ler 2
Spokane Humbc-dt l:30p|Pl^r"»
Eurekai ".. Humboldt | 0 amIPier 13
Coronado... Grays He rf nor 4 pm'.Pler 10
December 16. I "
Senuoia Grays Harbor -.( 4 pmiPler 10
Chico .:.... Ccjullle River .. ..| 5 pm'.Pler 2
December 17. j I " '"
Abydos.. .. Hamburg & Way..|12 mfpier 19
City Pu*bla Pustet Sound Ports. ill amiPitr u
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. I B pm|Pler 20
State Cal... Snn. Diego & Way.| l» an^PUsi u
;•; December 18. | , , | ;• .y
Nevadan... Horio. & Kahulul.| 2 pm|Pier 23
December 19.- I . . j
Alameda.:. Honolulu ....:..... 11 am Pier 7
Pan Jose... N. T.- via Panama. j 12 m Pier 40
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier Z*i
Klval Willapa Harbor...; 4 pm Pier 10'
Coos Bay.. Ean Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier U
• . ; .: ¦•¦ December 20., I |: -
Newburg... Grays Harbor...,...! 4 pm Pier 10
December 22. I | .
Doric.;..... China & Japan,... j l.pmjPler 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports:)!! am|Pler I ft
Another Bodj- pomes Ashore.
The Weather Bureau officials yesterday re
ported that the body of an unknown man had
bo«>n found on the beach near the Point Rryes
I,:fe-*avinR Station. - I* I* supposed that the
d«Ed man was a member of the crew of the
1!l-fat«>d French berk Francois. Coppee. The
body is now at Carson's ranch.
?
Cantain Zecder-In Command.
The Pacific Mail Company's Ptsamshlp City
of Para will sail to-day for Panama and way
ports with 2800 tons of cargo, which Includes
400 tons of flour and ~f** barrel*, of win*.
Captar.i Zetder. who bus Just mad* expiation
for ru!ncon<2uct on his last trip by a p»rlod of
suspension without pay. has been restorpd to
duty and is again In command of the City of
Para.
Tug Tyee at Kodiak.
The steamehip Bertha, which arrived yjster
day at Seattle, reports that the tugTyee was
at Kodiak on November IS. The Tyee wan
bound for Dutch Hsrbor to get the disabled
eteamer Meteor and tow her to Seattle. •
The Overdue IJst.
Th* rates of reinsurance on overdue* were
quoted yesterday as follows: Flfeshlre. €3
per cent; Paris. 70 per cent; Talca. 30 per
cent; Mlchele Blanchi. 10 per cent: Olive
bank. 10 per cent, and La Bruyere. 45 per cent
* a •
Wa.s Short of Fuel.
The coasting uteamer Homer, 70. hour* from
Grays Harbor for a . southern port, put In
here yesterday to replenish her supply of fuel.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARR1VED
Friday, December . 11.
Stmr National City, Damman, 13 hours from
Fort Bra^g. "
Stmr Francis H Leggett, -Jahnsen, 36 hours
from Port Lob Angeles. . .
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, CT> hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46>i hours. , •
I Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 70 ' hours from
Gra>s Harbor: put in for fuel.
' Stmr Alcazar, Martin. 45 hours from San
Pedro. .- - • '¦ •
Stmr Premise, Ahlstrom, 47 hours from San
Pedro. • • '
Stmr Fulton, Lee, 48 hours from Port Los
Angeles. . x 
liark P-oderick Dhu, Engalls, 19 days from
Hilo.
* Br barfc Ladan, Scott, 84 days from New
castle AvBtralia.
Bktn Gardiner City, Anderson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Hktn Kcho, -Young, S days from Astoria.
Brig Galilee. Hayes, 45 days from Pago
Pago. . •
fetor Volant, Skipper, 8 days from Tilla
mook.
Schr Lizzie Trien. Anderton, 8 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Fanny Dutard, Anderson, 5 days;from
Coon Bay.
Sohr Sophia Chrlstenson, Lunvaldt, 8 days
from .Grays Harbor. - . .
Schr Jets'* Minor, Jorgenaon.' 7 days from
C<"-F Bay. • • : •- ...
• Schr Glendale, Lunvaldt, 5- days from As
toria.. .
h'chr San "Buenaventura, Holmberg, 7 days
from Coos Bay. ;
Schr Gem, Benson, 8 days from Tlllamook.
Sohr Viking, E*tvold, 19 days from Port
Angele?.
Schr Transit, Klintbom, 0 days from AVhat
com.
J'.chr A F Ccats, Dahloff, 7 days from Co
lumiiia River.
Prhr Sonuel, Bennett, 11 days from What
eom. .
CLEARED. -
"--.,;; ¦"¦¦.•';. Friday,. December 11.
Strrr Santa P.osa, Alexander, San "Diego; Pa
ciflo Coast Steamship- Co. . - • • . »
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coart Steamship Co. ' • • ;. • ' '
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, Nanalmo; West
ern Fuel Co. . V. ' . ¦ • . . . '
Br ehlp Bldston Hill, Jones, 1 Fort Townsend;
J & A Brown. ¦; .
Ur »hli> • Afon . Alaw,. Davis, • Sydney;- j'J
Jloore & Co. ;. '
Br ehlp Kliyber, Rothery, . Chemainus;. J D
Spreck'ls &¦ Bros C". „
Br ship Eurasia, Hughes, Queenstown; G V.'
McNear. . ....
Br *-hip Crown of Denmark, Ml'man, Port
Townsend; J & A Brown.. ¦ .. . ¦
Schr Vega.'Hutman, Ma-atlan; Wm Olsen. :
t •*; SAILED. , ',._¦
¦ • , Friday, r December 11. -
Stmr Hawaiian, - Delano, Seattle and Hono
lulu. . '. - \
Stmr Rainier, ' Hansen, Seattle....* •
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, :. San ,
Stmr Arctic, . Relnei», Eureka. - '. '
Slmr Mari.hfleld. Dettmers, Hardy Creek.*,
. Htmr Aztec. Robinson, Tacoma. ¦ ,- <
Stmr. Phoenix, Odland, Mendoclno.
Stmr Newsboy," Adler, l}owens Landing. '
Stmr ¦VVhitesboro, Oleen, Point Arena.
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson. Albion. . .
Stmr Alcatras. Carlson; Point Arena.'- .
Stmr Francis H Leggett, Jahnsen,- Eureka.
Stmr Prentlu, Ahlstrom, ¦ Bowens Landing.
' 1J S itmr Bear, Wilde. ¦¦ San Diego. ¦ *
¦ Brstmr Wyefleld. . Watson. Nanaimo/' ¦ ¦
Hhlp Marion Chtlcolt, Williams,- Honolulu.
AVhallng bark Alice Knowles, Montgomery,"
whaling.' '¦ " '-•':"- ' ' ' ' ' ¦ ¦
., Schr Alpha, : Larsen, Coquille. River.
Schr "Ivy. Jensen, Coos Bay.-'
Schr Mary. Buhrie, . Dannfvlg. Eureka. ¦'¦ '
' Schr Lizzie Vance. Jensen. Grays Harbor.
' TELEGRAPHIC/: '.
POINT. 'LOBOS. Dec 11.^10 p,m— Weather
(hazy; wind NW,. velocity 24 miles per hour.
... •".¦.; DOMESTIC 'PORTS. ...
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed ' Dec 11— Schr ¦ Reso-
"Water Front Notes.
Cfcier 'Engineer H. O. Slayton of the United
States revenue cutter Hugh MeCulloch has
been granted thirty days' Iea\'e of absence. He
will vi«U his family at Port Townsend.
The whaling bark Alice Knowles, Capta'n
Montgomery, eailed yesterday on her regular
cruise. .
Among yesterday's arrivals were twenty
Ealling vessels, most of them coasters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
ilatters of Interest to Marines and
Shipping 3Ierchants.
The schooner Foreet Home Is chartered for
lumber from Blakcley to Halphlng, at 40e.
The French bark Nantes proceeds to Sydney
in ballast.
Grain for Europe.
The Bchconer Vega, which -was cleared yes-
The Britlch ship Eurasia was cleared yester
day for tjaeenstown, for orders, 40.015 ctla
barley, valued at $67,000, and 22.600 ctls wheat,
valued at $30,!»C0. The vessel also carrlrd
22.C00 feet lumber as dunnage, valued at $330.
» • . ¦-¦
A Cargo for Mexico.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship
China, which falls to-day for the Orient, will
carry 110 cabin passengers and 200 Chinese.
Bishop Restarick of Honolulu returns to his
south eea post on the liner, and Archbishop
Hartv who is going to Manila, will also be a
passenger Captain Richardson Clover of the
navy and lieutenant Colonel Lauchelmer of
the't'nited States marines. 8 n>. going to the
Asiatic station on the eteam«hlr>. The China's
rargo of 3C00 tons includes 1000 tons of flour.
150 tons of lead ond a. consignment of school
furniture for the Philippines measuring about
300 tons.
China Sails To-Day.
Engr Hok Fongr. president and gen
eral manager of the China Commer
cial Steamship Company, which is op
erating: a lone of steamers between
Hongkong, Manzanillo and this port
and is now contemplating connecting
hereafter at Portland, arrived from
Mexico yesterday in company with
Lyman -Howry, attorney for the com
pany. The president stated' that his
company has found its Pacific Ocean
enterprise a paying onq' and is now
figuring on increasing its steamer s^r
«\ ice between the Oriental and the Pa
cific Coaat ports. As regards the
proposition to establish a regular ser
vice to Portland Eng Hok Fong con
firmed the report given out several
days ago by Local afanager Comfort
to the effect that experimental vlsit3
of the company's vessels to the north
ern port had proved successful and
that it is the intention to Include the
north hereafter in the traffic terri
tory of the company. : Eng Hok Fong
and Attorney Mowry expect to remain
in San Francisco for several weeks.
President of Chinese Commercial Line
Says Xew Vessels Will Be Added
to Pacific Fleet.
TO INCREASE STEAMER .,
SERVICE ON* THE PACIFIC
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. - ' • I Due.
G. Dollar Ventura .Dec. 12
Nome City Portland & Astoria ]Dec.J2
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Dec. 12
Doric. China & Japan Dec. 12
San Pedro.... Uraya Harbor..- Dec. 12
Ccntralla Grays Harbor Dec. 12
Sequoia Grays Harbor. .......;. De'c. 12
Alliance: Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 12
S.Monica San Pedro.... Dec. 1J
Kureka Humboldt ..Dec. 13
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma jDac. A3
Spokane Humboldt ..; (Dec. 13
Del None Crescent City ...".... ..jDec. 14
Chehalls San Pedro {Dec. 14
Stale of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports'Dec. 14
\cvadan Honolulu .IDec. 14
Chlco Coquille River (Dec. 14
H. itarbara... San Pedro De?. 14
Senator : Puget Sound -Ports Dec. 14
Kdlth Seattle Dec. 14
Coronado Sa n Pedro Dec. 15
•itrbla Hamburg & Way .Ports Dee." 15
Alamida..... Honolulu Dec. '15
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Dec IB
Barracouta... New York via Panama. Dee. It!
Columbia Portland &. \Astorla Dec. IB
Rival . Willapa Harbor Dec. 10
l'omoiiH Humboldt : Dec. 1(1
Newburg . Grays Harbor : Dec. 17
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Dec. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 17
Arcata V Cook Bay & Pt. Orford.'Dec. 17
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports |D»c.l8^
G. Lindauer. . Portland &. Astoria Dec. IS j
North Fork... Humboldt — ... Dec. 18
J. Dollar I Seattle & Taeoma IDec. 20
Sierra (Sydney & Way Ports.. IDec. 21
N. Maru.- j China & Japan -....Dec. 21
Oanfa '.. China & Japan iDec. 21
Ralnie*-. ...... Seattle & Whateom .(Dec. 21
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... |Dec. 21
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The Time Ball on the tower cf the Ferry
building was dropped exactly^ at noon to-day—
i. e.. at neon of the 120th meridian, or at' 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrosraphio Offlce, U. B. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San FrancUco, Cal.,
December 12. ¦ •.
Time Ball.
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ¦ "
C. H. Schiveley, formerly cashier of
the first National Bank of Oroville, haa
been elected manager of the Commercial
Bank and Trust Company, and F. L. Tur-,
pin, recently of the Columbian Bank, has
been elected a vice president.
When the Ivy hoisted her anchorthe
wind was blowing: freshly and favor-;
ably and Captain Jensen decided to
Bave the expense of a towboat and sail
out. His attempt at economical navi
gation nearly cost him his vessel, for
when between the heads th^wind failed
and a sweeping: tide toox charge of the
Ivy. Helpless in the current's grasp,
she neared the jagged fringe of coast
line at Lime Point. There was no se
cure anchorage available and the Ivy's
plight was precarious in the extreme,
when the Sea Queen came romping
through the swell to her aid. A line
was passed to the schooner ( and made
fast. The Ivy was almost touching the
Ktsep rocks when th^ towline tightened
and the Sea Queen dragged the vessel
clear of danger. Captain Jensen then
engaged the Sea Queen to tow the Ivy
to sea.
The schooner Ivy, which sailed yes
terday for Coos Bay, narrowly escaped
destruction on Lime Point. .The time
ly arrival of the tug Sea Queen Is all
that saved the sailing vessel from be
ing swept upon the jagged rocks at the
harbor entrance.
Is unmetimes almost as difficult as nam
ing the baby. You v.-ill find the task an
paay one if you bring your pictures to us
and try the moldings and mats here. We
have so mafiy varieties of moldings and
such exquisite ones that a satisfactory
pel^ction is quickly made. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., T41 Market street. •
lYaming the Picture
The steamer Enterprise sailed on AVednesday
for Hilo with an aseorted merchandise ,carjo,
valued at $72,031>, and including the following :
554 bbls flour. 4544 ctls barley, 196,219 lbs
bran, 152 ctls wheat, 5iJ.S.'*0 lbs middlings, 140
ctls oatfi, 37 ctls corn, 16S*8 lbs cracked corn,
•Uiil lbs li-ans. 4454 gals 15 cs wine, 3S»1 gal*
•ICO os whlcky, 324 gals vinegar, BO cask* 55
bbls b^er, 2.'55 rs 40»pkRs salmon. CIO lbs 'I cs
dried fruit. 1088 pkgs groceries and provisions,
1205 lbs 7cs meals 10 pkgs agricultural im
plemento, 41 cs boots and shoes. .1147 lbs but
ter, 5717 lbs bread, 15 bxs candles, 442 Its 11
t,!-:es candy, :!75 cs" coal oil, 1310 lbs cheese,
KOI cs canned coeds. 4050 lbs codfish, 45 pkgx
dry goodc. 23 pkgs drug*. 5 pkgs electrical
supplies, 10 cs eggs. 573,Cft5-lbe fertilizer, 42
pkga prepared fish, 4400 lb» fresh meat, 220O
lbs fresh firh. 771 -pkgs fr«8h fruits. 17C0 bales
hay, 2 cs hats, 44 • pes 2 bdls iron, 5 rolls
leather, t:90O lbs lard, 450 bbl« lime, 43,6Gl«ft
lumber, 12 pkgs wagon material, 30" pkgs
paints, 350 lbs tea, 3740 lbs tobacco, 34 pes
steel, 29.730 lbs soda, 354 steel rails, 10 pkgs
«=alt. 00 kess SDlkeB. 01 bxs soa/>, 40,000 lbs
rice, 720 pes rail Joints', 485 lbs raisins, 1BS3
lbs 2 cs poultry. 22 pkg« paper, 8 bdls paper
bagi>, 365 pkgs potatoes. 575 lbs paste, 9 pkgs
fresh oysters, 512 gals 70 cs oils. M pkgs On
ions. S57 lbs nuts, 300 kegs nails, 5 pkgs ma
chinery.
130.941 ft lure b»r, 108 bdls laths, 1330 bJls
shook*;. 400 cs dynamite^ 050 cs powder, W cs
fuse. SI rs blasting caps, lMH) cs blasting car
tridges, oSCO lbs cement and 1 cask bottled
beer.
— : «
Merchandise for lillo.
terday for MazaUan. carried an assorted carg>
consltrned to the port of destination and other
Mesican ports, valued at $22,135, and Including
the following: - , ¦-
lute, for San Francisco. * '
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 11— Schr
Dauntless, from San Pedro: schr Robert R
Iiind, hence Kov 30. - •
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Dec 11— Stmr
Bonita. from San Pedro, to sail for San Fran
cisco Dec 12. 4 am. v
• SANTA v BARBARA— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr
State of California, hence Dec 10, and sailed
for San Diego; stmr. Bonita, from .San Pedro,
and sailrd for San Fra.nrir.cii; Adonis.
UALLARD— Sailed '. TDec . 11— Schr Stlmson,
for San Pedro. " ¦/¦ " . "' . ' f
WHATCOM— -Arrived Decill— Schr Alpena,
from Honolulu. ¦ ¦ -. - , - • . .
WESTPORT— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Gualala,
for San Francisco.
REDONDO-Arrived Dec 11— Schr Lottie
Bennett, from jilaine, and sailed for San
¦Pedro. ' . ... •
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skagway.
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco. Dec 11 — Stmr Hyades, for China
ami Japan.
Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr Senator, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived . Dec 11— Stmr Xavarro,
from Coos Bay. .. .
Sailed Dec U — Schr Irene, for Redondo.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 10—
Bktn Robert Sudden, from Tacoma. Dec 11 —
Schr 8 T. Alexander, from Astoria. *
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 11— U S gtmr Mo
hican.
TATOOSH— Pass'd In Dec 11— Schr Hono
lulu, from San P^dro; schr Honoipu, from San
Francisco, for Anacortes; schr Maweema, from
San Francisco, for Port Townsend.
Passed cut Dec 11 — Stmr Hyades, for China.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Samoa,
hence Dec 0. - - ¦
Sailed Dec 11— Schr Lottie Carson, for Eu
reka; stmrs Coquille River and Santa Monica,
for San Francisco. • •
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr JWesrport,
hence Dec 9. ......
•Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.' " ¦» ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦» ~,^ ¦ ,
BANDON— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Chlco,
hence Dec 8.' • .' ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 11— Br
bark Fleur de Lls,.fnim Honolulu; stmr Shaw
mut, from Hongkong.'- .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived, Dec 11— Stmr Coro
nado, from Sar.ta Barbara; schr Esther Buhne,
from Retlondo; schr Dora Bluhm, from Eu
reka; Bchr Saolcan;, from- Port Ludlow;--schr
Zftmpa, from Blalnc; schr William Renton,
from Grays Harbor.
PORT . LL'DLOW— Sailed Dec 11— Schr Wm
H Smith/for Port Gamble; bktn Klikitat, for
Honolulu.
. PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 11— Bktn J
"M Grifflth. for Han Francisco.
PORT BLAKELKY— Sailed Dec 11— Bark
Prusfin. for Saa Francisco. • • .
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Whlt
tler, t, hence Dec 10. • • • '.
¦ ISLAND PORTS. -
HII^O — Arrived Dec 10 — Bark Santiago, from
San Francl«co.
HONOLULU — Sailed Dec 11— Jan stmr
HonRkon* Maru, for Hongkong; bark Albert.
for San Francisco. .
'.'.". . ' FOREIGN PORTS.
HOLYHKAD— Arrived Dec »-Br bark Don
na Francisca. from Liverpool, for San Fran
cisco. . .
OLXHAVEN— Passed Dec 8— Br f<hlp Scot
tish Hills.- from Hamburg.' for Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Nov 0— Nor bark
Fellclta3, for Panama. >
¦¦VALPARAISO— Sailed Dec 10— Ger gtmr
Memphis, for San Francisco. . .
PORT SAID— Arrived; Dec 11— Nor stmr
Thvra. from Norfolk, for Manila.
LONDON— Sailed Deo 11— Br . ship Celtic
Monarch, for 'Vancouver.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Barra
couta, for San : Francisco. " ¦
¦;.,.. OCEAN STEAMERS.
' NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Chem
nitz, from Bremen ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Cym
ric, .from Boston. : . . • - -
LlVKRPOOl^ — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr Cedric,
from New. York. ¦ ...
NAPLES— Arrived Dec S— Stmr Carpathla.
from New York; stmr Nord- Amerika, from
New York. - . . • ¦
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Hek
la, from New York. '¦'.,
In the suit brought by Captain
James Brown, the Cocos Island treas
ure hunter, against Louis H. aiooser
and others, to recover' 5375 salary-al
leged to be due him as supercargo of
the schooner Herman,- the defendants
yesterday filed a cross libel in the
United .States District Court asking for
judgment against Brown for $19.
999 35, the money advanced by "the de
fendants to lit out and carry on the
expedition. They allege that he de
ceived them with his treasure story
and that he converted $ 24 6 S of the
money to his own use. The cross li
bel recites the history of the voyage
of the Herman as already published.
Treasure Hunter Brown Sued.
There was nothing with which to
bale and with terrifying rapidity the
cold bay waters, poured in through the
open seams. £he filled, she sank nad
three badly scared sailor boys found
themselves swimming on the chilly
bosom of an oeean-gofng tide.
The mste of the British ship Levern
bank was taking the air about this
time and when cries of "help" suddenly
filled the a ; r he was quick to respond.
Although ready for sea the Levernbank
lacked a crew, but in the half deck
wore half a dozen sleerir.g apprentices.
The mate's "man overboard" sent their
dreams a-sesttering and in a few min
utes one of the Britisher's boats was
pulling: in the direction of the cries.
The three half-drowned deserters were
picked ur> off Alcatraz and taken
aboard the Levernbank.
After breakfast yesterday morning
they were placed aboard a Crowley
launch and taken to the Yerba Buena
station, where, in the brig of the P<?n
sacola, they await the punishment pro
vided in the navy regulations for
young men v.ho try to break contracts
with Uncle Sam.
Several hours after taps had sound
rd. when the island v:as wrapped in
r.ight and all but the sentries slum
bered, the unfaithful three stole their
silent way to a place on the beach
¦where tho tide lat-ped the, time-worn
timbers of n skiff belonging to a visit
1nj? pile-driving outfit. Noiselessly the
trio embarked and without parting sa
lute or even spoken farewell padd!ed
their craft a. way from the shore.
Once clear of the island the ebb tide
took chars'? the skiff and the de
s-crters wor- 3 filling their lungs with the
air cf freedom when a splash in the
bottom of the boat called attention to
the fact that their versel was of close
kin to a si:ve.
T. Cook, 'andsman, and E. .L. and E.
G. Couch, brothers and naval appren
tices, tried to desert from the Yerba
Buena training station Thursday
night, but only succeeded in running o
close race with death. They won the
race as far as Ihe reaper was «.on
cprjied, but as return Lar the island was
the price of victory the would-be de
serters' joy is not the really rosy arti
cle.
The Third Artillery band, under 'di
rection of Armand Putz, gave- a fine
concert yesterday' afternoon on the ala
meda, which was enjoyed by the of
ficers of the post as well as a large
delegation from town.
The transport Sherman, which left
Honolulu last Monday, is due in port
either to-morow night or. .early Mon
day morning. She brings the Thirtieth
Infantry, under command of Colonel
John J. O'Connell, and also Companies
E and F of the Engineer Corps.
The post officers' baseball team de
feated the Tenth Infantry baseball
team yesterday by a score of 19 to 9.
Lieutenant V. Ccurtnay Lewis was
struck on /the knee by a swift ball
straight from the bat and was laid out
flat for several minutes. . - * •
Pay day at the Presidio yesterday
was a big one. Both the soldiers of the
post prope>' and also the men of the
Tenth Infantry were paid off at the
same time. That is, the two paymas
ters left the Phelan building in their
four-ln-hand ambulances and drove out
to th3 post at almost the same hour.
Major .Rochester went to the main pay
office in the pest" and there handed out
something like ?20,COO in gold coin of
the realm to the cavalry, artillery and
others connected with that department.
Paymaster Captain W. F. Creary paid
off the Tenth Infantry in its canton
ment just at the entrance to the Pre
sidio. His pay roll amounted to some
thing over $10,000. This was altogether
one of the biggest pay days that has
occurred since the close of the Spanish-
American, war.
The commission men are not idle and
they insist that the Harbor Commis
sioners have no jurisdiction beyond the
property of the State; also, that they
have never been approached along the
wharves by the three men that claim
to have suffered from discriminations.
This . Is to command you, said defendants,
your counselors, attorneys, solicitors, agents,
servants and. employes and all others acting in
aid or assistance of you to absolutely desist and
refrain from alt Interference in any way with
the sale or disposition by said plaintiffs, their
agents', servants or employes, of vegetables,
fruit or. other produce commonly known as per
ishable products upon the public wharves or
other property belonging: to the State of Cali
fornia in the city and county of San Francisco
or. elsewhere; and to refrain from enforcing or
carrying into effect the decree or order made
by i said defendants December 3, 1903. revoking
the permits of said plaintiff heretofore granted
by eald defendants to sell products upon said
property. . ' •
The order issued by Judge Murasky
to restrain the Harbor Commissioners
from interfering with the operations of
L. Scatena & Co., Wetmore Bros., "Wolf
& Sons and McDonough & Runyon Is
wide in its scope. The following is a
copy of the order in one case, the f,our
being identical In terms:
No move was made publicly^ yester
day by the Harbor Commissioners,
through their- /attorney, TV. H. Davis,
toward the dissolution of the injunc
tion. Attorney Davis said last evening
that the plan of procedure had not been
mapped out. When the commissioners
had reapffed a decision the next move
would be intended to reach a result as
quickly as possible. He declined to in
dicate what would be done. Possibly
something will happen to-day* In be
half of the Harbor Commissioners.
Attorney Davis calls attention to the
ground set up in their complaint by
the four commission firms whose per
mits to sell were taken away by the
ilarbor Commissioners. Especial stress,
Mr. Davis says, was placed by the
commission men deprived of permits
on the point that they were not given
due notice of the proceeding before the
board, under the Woodward law, and
that they had not been charged with* a
specific offense, as they thought they
ought to have been, as a basis for p'ro
ceedings involving their selling per
mits. No attack, Mr. Davis, was
made against the Woodward law by
the commission men in their complaint
agninst the law.
The proceedings relative to L. G.
Sresovlch & Co., Garcia & Maggini,
Mitcheil &.Goodall and G. Berti & Co.
will go on next Tuesday morning, as
set by the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners. Notice was served upon each
of these firms yesterday. Against each
of them a specific charge will be drawn
by Attorney. Davis for the Harbor
Commissioners, on the basis of the affi
davits filed with the commissioners
relative to the alleged refusal to sell
produce to persons not members of the
retail dealers' association.
The commission houses of L. Scatena
& Co., "Wolf & Sons, AIcDonough &
lyinyon and Wetmore Eros., under the
temporary Injunction secured by them
against the Board of State Harbor
Commissioners, are free to sell perish
able products on the State's wharves
in this city or elsewhere without inter
ference of any sort by ths Harbor Com
missioners. ¦
Attorney Davis Says a Move
Will Soon Be Made by the
Board to Meet Court Issue
Transport Sherman Is Bring
ing Thirtieth Infantry and
Two Companies of Engineers
Their Cries Arc Heard by Mate
of a Ship. Who Rescues and
Returns Runawavs to Island
TROOPS DUE FROM ORIENT
BOAT FILLS AND SINKS
COMMISSIONERS WAITING
Captain Jensen Tries to Save Towboat Expenses by Sail
ing Out o*f the Harbor, and Would Have Lost His
Vessel but for the Timely ArrivaJ of Tug Sea Queen
Three Sailor Boys Leave the
Naval Training Station at
Night Intending to Desert
Thirty Thousand- Dollars Is
Jingling- in Pockets of the
Men Quartered at Presidio
Produce Dealers Accused of
Discrimination in Selling
Will Know What Is Alleged
LEAKY SKIFF
SPOILS PLAN
SACKS OF GOLD
FOR SOLDIERS
SCHOONER IVY, DESERTED BY WIND,
NEARLY STRIKES LIME POINT ROCKS
MAKE CHARGES
ON AFFIDAVIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SATURDAY, DECEMBER , 12 ? 1003.
THE SCHOOXER IVY. "WHICH "WAS CARRIED PERILOUSLY CLOSE TO THE LIME POINT ROCKS YESTER
DAY V. r HE.V OX HER WAY TO SEA, THE VESSEL BEIXQ SAVED FROM DESTRUCTION BY THE TUG
SEA QUEEN. ." . ' " * ; '
• Steamer. • •.- . For . -. Sails.
Dolphin.'....: Ekagway * Way Ports. Dec. 14
Al-Kl... ..:.". SkRB\vay-&. Way, Ports. Dec. ID
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt«. Dec. IS
Cottage City.. Skagway: & Way. Ports Dec. .18
Valencia. .... j Skacway Dliect ....... Dec. 23
12
ADVZKTTSZM2NTS. \
STATEMENT
i
OF THE \
CONDITION AND ATFAIB.S
—i op* THE—-—
FRANKLIN FIRE:
INSURANCE COMPANY I
OF THILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF 1
Penr.sjlvania. on the Slit day of December, !
A. D. 1SKKJ. and fcr the year ending on that i
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner c* |
the St&te of «"£!:fr.T.;a. pursuant to the pro- j
visions of Eections €10 and Cll of the Political !
Cc<le, condensed as per blank furnished by th» '
Ccmmlitlcner :
CAPITAL. ;
Amount of Cap'.tal Stock, paid up
in Cath $400,000 00 t
ASSETS. "" !
R*aJ Estate owned by Company... $238,200 00 I
1 j-t rr on Bonds and Mortgages.. 101.SUS UO !
C«ch Market Value of all Stocks ;
and Bonds cwned by Cozcpany. . 2,471,423 00 I
Amount of Loans secured by pledge '
cf Bondc, Stocks and other mar- t
ketable eecurities as collateral ... 105,000 00 j
Cash in Company's Office 2,738 1« '
Cash in Banks 70,163 77
Interest due »>nd accrued on all
etocksyand Leans 579 20
ictereEt 'due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,628 47 |
Premiums in <Jue Course of Collec-
tion 1 C0.S4S 37
Total aE«ett $3,W2.3:S~97
LIABILITIES. ~
Lrs-ees adjusted and unpaid $17,308 SI I
L'-f r"f In process ot Adjustment or '
in Su?pen*« V 37.656 82 }
I>o««»es r««i!!te(J, Including expenses. 6,025 00 !
CJri'SF premiurn« on Fire Ttisko run-
ning one yrar r-.r less. (467,731 03;
reinsurance 50 p?r cent 233.8C5 54
Grces prtmiiums on Fire Risks run-
rfng more th?.n one year. J710.-
€76 86; reinsurance pro rata S6S.412 13
Amount reclclmsble hy the insured
• en perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 8S2.C33 12
Commissions and Brokerage du«
and to become due 24.384 22
Total LiabKitlea $1,671,315 24
TN-rOMK. "~
|Cct cash «ctua!ly received for Fire
preirlums ?S;3.S1S T.2
Received for int«re« on Dondc end
Mortgapps 6.SC3 20
H*>eerved for lntsrert and dividends
cii Bonds. Storks. Loans and
from all oth»r vourcea 109.223 M
Received fcr Rente ....- 7,059 10
Total Income $707,094 08
EXPENDITURES. =
Net aaimj/ii r-a id fcr Fire Losses
<-..r! j-'ir.K SlT.or-j ;;s. losses of
rrevtous years $351 ,751 fi5
Dlvidenflf to Stockhcldera 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 141.7S9 23
Paid for fialarlff. Fees iind other
charge* for officer*, clerks, etc.. S3, 694 S3
Tald lor Elate. National and Local
taxes 20.OT2 31
A!! other payments and expendi-
tures D2.344 37
Total Expenditures $722,572 21
Fire.
Loeset Incurred during the year.... $363.t)Cl 73
Rleks and Premiums. I Fire Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $63,677,097 $S2G.SS9 07
Net amount of Rl;ks
expired during the
year j W.S18.472 718.S32 75
Net amount In force|
- December 31. 1I>C2. 1 90.IS6.979 1.122.813 03
_ _ j. ¦w. MCALLISTER. Prest.
K. T. ORESSON. Sect.
Pubscrlted and affirmed to before me this
lClh day of January. 1»C3. »
SAMUEL H. K1RKPATRICK.
NoUry Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
218 SANSOMB ST.,
Ef N FRANCISCO.
GEO. V. GRANT. Manager.
A. H. TiCATHEN, Asst. Manager.
G. H. UMBKEN & CO., City Agenu, Stf
Konisomery elrect. '
AD VEBTLSrTW7!NTS.
«l Made tn crier
'-^'w, - by skllirul cut-
ters and tailors.
?*jpy on payments of
l^p/^^Ai A lA/PPk
iS?A s^^- wvcuiv
i-A ¦ /proposition to
'¦ 1 \ Don't w»ar
Si £ \ poorly flttinar.
• I »aV badly mad*
• S BSJ cluthes when you
i I? am fn gtt the beat
J ft p* kind ot taitor-
«4 wltboat fueling
S rf\ mW- th» rxp^ndltur^.
t l a^-.--a,tjST Come In r.cht
h^T away aid 1-av-
t*4 your measure
*» \vith n». •
A. B. SMITH CO.
Cp-to-Date Tailors.
128132 Ellis Street, Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦I £c< ten ¦¦¦no CmnA to STAT CCBXO. Cum
Hi* T SlQfi N T"»ov-d. Uulibmterad. k>
fi* I Si 0U3 II t»ckin-»«r.»ura. i:»thr»rtJr
I*sjJ I 3 I l|aff4 :;I ' ? * pal:i!ijrht - d ' >m!1 ' t!i;a «' f.
¦ ¦ V ¦ Illllll say wher*. No furth.r nw<i «f
m-li.-in«. Book 00 FREE. Xi»»tyT.. c .».»lUhon»
A<thnukaa4Ua/F«r«r. P, TT«.i-nlA Tt.'%y!M l 1»iif»«] T i t ty y t
OCEA1T TEAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fraa-
eisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrang'l.
I Jur.cau. Haln-s. Skaguay.
etc. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Dec
I 2 7 12. 17 Ti. 27. Jan. Z.
Change to company's stea.ni-
Wers at Seattle.
" For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett. TVnateoxn— 11 a. m.. Dec. 2. 7.
12 17 22 27 Jan 2. Change at Seattl* t(»
thia company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry - at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. P.ailway. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:jO
p m Dec «. 12 IS 24. 30. Jan. 5; Corona.
1:30 p. m./Dee. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Ar.gele* ana
Kedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa Sundays & a. m.
Ptate "of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angelas (via San Pedro and E*.»t
' Fan Pedro). Santa. Barbara, Santa Crna. M-sn-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (S*a
LuIs'Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Ccos Bay. !> a m.. Dec. 3. It. 19. 27, Jan. 4.
Bonita 9 a. m. Dec. 7. 15. 23. "1. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo Mazatlan] Altata. La Paa. Santa. Ro-
sal'a.' Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a, m.. 7th. of eaca
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lr '^eiCXET OPI'ICES — * New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight offlce. 10 Market stre«t.
C D DCNANN, General Passenger Agent.
IO Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & Ak CO.
"Cetumbia" sails Dee. 19. 20. Jan. 8, IS.
"9 Feb 7 and 17. "George Vt. Elder" sail«i
Dec. 14. 2ith. Jan. 3. 13. 23. Feb. 2 and I-V
Only steamship line to PORTLAND, OU-, ami
1 nhort rail line from Portland to all potnia
I East. Through tickets to all points, all mil
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST HATES.
Steamer tickets include berth and meals.
Steamer sails fcot ot Spear st. at 11 a. n.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gtn. Agt. Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st^
Hew Toxk — Southampton — London.
N.Tork.Dec.l5».D:"<> amlPhiia. Jan. 2. tt:3i> am
St Paul,Dec.2B.!):30 amlSt.Louls.Jan '.). l>:3Wam
SPECIAL NOTICE.
A_ftir January 1. 1904. American Line steam-
ers fro-TB* New York for Southampton will call
at Plymouth and Cherbourg to land malls ana
passengers for London. and Paris.
ATLANTIC TBAZ7S7OST LI3TE.
Kew York — Louden Direct.
MenonVne.Dec. 19.& am|Mlnnehaha,Ja?.2, 5 am
Min'p'ls,Dec.2»i. -10 amlMesaba. Jan 9. ft am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMI3TIO2T XiITIE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage*.
Canada Jan. 2[Canada Feb. rt
Dominion .....Jan. 2^JDominion .Feb. 27
UE3J STAB LINE-
Hew Vork— Antwerp — Paris.
Krn' Id. D?c.l!>. 10:30 am! Finland. Jan. '^. 10:30 arr«
2eelnd,Dec.2n.lO:30 amtVadlnd.Jan. 0,10:30 am
WHITE ETAS UOTB.
Hew "STork — Qneenstown — Uverpool.
. - Saillnc Wednesdays.
Oceanic. .Dec. 18, 4 pml Majestic. .Jan. •, noor»
Teutonic,D?c. 23, noon Celtic Jan. 13, 2 pm
Celtic. ...Dec. SO, 1 pmlTeutonlc.Jan.20. 10 *m
' Boston — Queenstown — LlverDooL
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. Feb. 23
Cretic Jan. 14. Feb. 11. Max. 10
BOSTO2T MEDITEKaAUEAH SESVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar, TTaples, Qesoa.
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. i;{. Mar. 2<1
ROMANIC Jan. 16, Feb. 27, Apr. »
CANOPIC Jan. SO, Mar. 12
C. D. TATLOH. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
l)^ySEJ?S?MAJM£ILLt3. GM*6a?^\ I
REPUBLIC (new). Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 26
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apl. 0
CANOPIC 1 Jan. 30, Mar. 12
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest la the
Mediterranean service.
First class. $75 and $S0 upward, accord-
ing to date- ot saillr.c.
Boston to Liverpool <?«««;*«*»
CYMRIC Dec. 2t, J*n. 2fl. Feb. 25
CRETIC Jan. !?• ****>• **. M *r- 10
First class, $85 upward. For plans. «tc.
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 Stat* st..
Boston, or to C. D. TATLOR. 21 Post St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will laave wharf, corner First an*
Brannan streets, at I B. m.. for TOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kob« (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and eonnectlns at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
rargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. 8. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday, December Si). 1003
S S. AMERICA MARU
Morday. January 23. l*>t
S S HONGKONG MARU
...." Wednesday. February 17. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 421 MarUet streets, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OccaBlcS.g.co. EsFSiE
p S ALAMEDA. for IIonr»tulu, Declb. 11 a.m.
HlTS SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, ff hursiay. Dec SI. 2 p. m.
S. 8. MARIPO3A, lor Tahiti, Jan. 6, IDOt,
11 a. m.
4j.smcsEii& K3S.M.. «jb..rswe:fa.sH fewa
fflfebtCSsLUS _Ea±UL,ffcrb. l.fv&SL
COM?AS»IB GEHBiALB ra4.H3ATLAITnWl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailins every Thursday instead o; oft5Cfi|
Satuniay. at 10 a. m.. lrom P'.er 42. x*aS5K»i
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward Se«-
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
C\NADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)^
New Yorlt^ J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and 'VaUejo
~ Steamer Gen. FRISBIE or MONT lCELLO-^
9:15 a. m.. 3:15 and &:'M p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 a- «*>¦• 8^30 p. m. Leave Vaiiejo.
1 a. m.. 12:S0 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun- '
day. 7 a., m.'. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 centa. Tel. '
Main IMS. Pier 2. Mlw>lon-at. dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB. YEAB.Beans and Seeds.
6HORTH— $10 5U4T20 00 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24@25 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. f27@28 uo;
Jobbing. $2U®30; Cocoanut Cake, *.21@£!: Corn
Meal. $2J>4T30: Cracked Corn, $21) 50630 50;
Mixed Feed. $22 6Cxfc 23; Horse Beans, $306 40
P£ HAY— Wheat, $14®l(i 50; 'Wheat and Oat.
$13 no©l*6 50; Oat. $13015; Wild Oat. $11 BotjJ
13 50; Barley. $11013: Stock. $10© 11; Alfalfa,
$10©12 60 ptr ton. j ¦
STRAW — JO© We per ba!e r
AH quotations' remain as before, the feeling
In everything except . Corn products being
steady to firm. ':
BRAN— $U» 50©20 60 per ton:
MIDDLINGS— $26 60#2S 50 per ton.
Hay a)id Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— A bullish sentiment pre
vailed among wheat traders at the opening, due
partly to the government report on acreage
and condition of the fall .Southwestern wheat.
This factor, howeve.r. was not as potent as was
the firmness in the Liverpool 'market in the
face of the weakness that prevailed here yes
terday. The effects of reports of rain in Ar
gentina was alfo Just beginning to be felt and
the continued small receipts in the Northwest
and Southwert were Instrumental In bringing
out a Rood demand. May was up 14c to 14c.
to 'a®%c at the start,' opening at 81c to 81?»c
and with only scattered selling the price grad
ually advanced. There was' considerable cov
ering by those who had overshot on the break
yesterday nnd commission houses were also ac
tive on tlfc buying aide. The strength In other
markets and the small receipts intensified the
desire to buy and later, when it wa* announced
that clearances were. much larger than usual,
there was a sharp demand, which carried May
up to R2«ic. a gain of l» g c from the Ion- point.
A part of the gain wa* lost on ' profit-taking,
hl J K t he t r hP at C! sr%c!" aS StT ° n * W ' th May -*^ c
Corn continued strong but somewhat quiet.
May closed at 43 U 04394c: .
There was an utrent demand for oats from
cornmUjlon house* and some buyinsr was cred
ited to big longs. May closed at .ICftc.
Buying for Investment account and covering
cjr shorts were the main support of the pro
vision market. May pork closed 1 5c higher.
™ w f" ?, p " I * ( 3- 5c an<1 ribs' 7%c higher?
rue leading futures ranged as follow*:
CJiicago Grain Market.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 «0®
4 t'5 usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 5U@4 tiO,
Oregon and Washlnston, $S l>0®4 20 oer bbl
for Family and $3 U0®4 4o for iJakera". * -
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Ry» Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 26; Buckwheat
1'lour, $4 60@4 7«; Cracked Wheat, $3 76: Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 L'.VjiS UO; In nacks, $(5 7598 lu;
Pearl Barley, $t>; Solit Peas, boxes, $7; Ureen
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW YORK. Dee. 11.— There wa* lew :x
tlvlty In to-day"« stock market and the rt?al
iri4rs were more congested In a few stocks.
United States Steel preferred was betT.«-en
three and four times as active as any oth»r
atock in the list and It was pressed upon the
market diligently all day. Its price was.
forced down to 51 W. which wa* only a trifle
raore than . two points above the
lowest. The common ctock *old at lo,
which la on a parallel with the low rec
ord, but the dividend of % per cent came off
the prlco yesterday. There -waa no actual news
• c<~ompartylng the celling, but very specific as
•ertion* were In circulation that a reduction
of the dividend rate ton the preferred for the
present ha* been practically determined on.
Published estimates of the heavy erirink&ge of
net earnings of the corporation also affected
the sto?k. Bnxiklyn Transit, which wa« next
In point of activity, was reactionary on vhat
•<?«med profit-taking. Amalgamated Coppor,
Erie and Pennsylvania were very conspicuous
In the trading and had periods of strength. Ss
long as trading continues in London the mar
ket showed point* of strength, but afterward
the advance melted away • very generally,
Brooklyn TrarMt receding to near the low
point of the room'.njr dip. The reactionary
force* In the market did not develop jrreat ac
tivity an4 the moment suggested rather a ces
sation of the advance than a new factor of
weakness. Thrre is a prevalent sentiment that
prudence in the making of. new commitment*
peMir-.g the annual *ettleirer:t is desirable.
The estimates cf the rejrulir export movement
©f currency for the week point to a balance
fn favor of New York of between $2/juO.OOO
and $2,500,000.
As the cub-treasury operations have ab
sorbed $571. (XX). the cp«h reserves of the banks
have probably Increased during the week by
»I,riOO,ooo end ?2.<mo.ooo. The active •pecula
tion ct the week possibly Involve* some loans
|«n4 th* rail rrney rate ran up rather isug
testlvely to 0 r*r p^t i at<? tni , afternoon
after en easier tendency in the early r*art
cf the day. Tl.e n<>ws from Baltimore of
eWrirg-hou«« inf-csures for the protection of
one cf the banks reused a rather unpleasant
!mrir»s*lon.
The figure* of the production r>f gold In
th»; Rand for Novemher shewing a decrease of
mere than 4000 ounces compared with October
will t»e dlsspwriritinc to the London market,
wriirii ;» looklnr to a frradual Increase of the
T?(?ti(5 output in help toward relieving its
rnther urrert re<jn!rement* frw gold. The
»t<vk market closed heavy and at about the
]o*re*t.
TsrA* were Irre— jiar. Total ealei, r*r
value, f2.n2!».0<Vi.
T"nite<i j-tsten bend* were unchanged en the
la ft call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIPT.
Ptor,k«— 6slep. Hiirh. Low. Close.
¦Atrhicon 11,200 <«Vi <17% <57»4
Atchi«on pfS • «*• ta% K »2*<
P^ltliror* A; Ohio.. lO.floO ~»*m ~^i 78>i
P.a!t & Ohio nfd.. 200 R714 K7S4 P74
Caraatan Pac!ft<? .. 1.300 11S% UlS**ll«*
f 'nlral cf N J .... 155
Ch**epeake & Ohio I.fl"0 ~2\i 32 32H
Chicago * Alton... l.«00 34^ 3414 34%
C ft A pfd «ejr-div) fRU
Chirac « O IV... 400 1«»'.i I« 15%
Chi AQ W. B nfd. 000 . 2SH 27% 27" 4
Chit* go A N w... 100 1C4 !«4 ltB»J
Oil Term A Tren.. SU
«'h! T A T pi& 17*4
C C C A Ft L MO 74U 7t;4 7S
Ccio & Southern.. cn> H% 14 14
Colo A So 1« pM . . «>• »4 M 53>4
Co!o A- So 2-1 rfd.. R<»0 2.1 £3 22*4
I5»! * Hudson 200 158U 15S 15S14
T5e! T^ark *. W«*t 2«
Den\-er A Tlin G .21U
D * R O r>f<5.. .. 200 72 72 71
Erie C7.S00 rot* 29 29ii
Erie 1st pM 8.0TI0 ««ij 67», 67%
Erie 2d pfd 2.500 5! 45H 47$
Ot Northern pfd ' 100
frwtp^ Va! pfd *2*i
r.Iaol* Ontral ... 1,800 129»i 12D»i l»'i
Iowa Central '.. .>, . ¦»!»
lorva Central rfd 3S i
Kan* -City Si>utnern 0 ....' • If t» j
K C B-nihwn- pfd .... S4«< 1
Louisv A Netbv.. 2.10ft If* lfW% 1<» : »
Mtrfcat L <ex-<Jl*> «.5W) 142 140^4 1*OH
llrtropolltaa St Ry 2.600 122H 1*1 121 U
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts
82,224 barrels; exports. 44,648 barrels. Firmer
and more active.
WHEAT— Receipt.". 20,230 bushels; export*
in^.Vta 513 ? 1 fl T- « No - 2 r * d ' 1W^ C elevator
? i „?,*; f ,°- b - afl(>at : No- 1 Northern Du
luth, 9.J*ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options acted
generally strong all day, being advanced by
fresh buying, attracted, by the bullish crop re
ports. The close was firm at-%@*' C higher
May closed at 85%e; July closed at 82«c- De
cember closed at 90>4c. ' -» ,¦ • *¦£?.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR — Raw. nominal; fine, dull.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; mild. firm. Fu
tures closed steady at a decline of SJjrlO points.
Sales, 121,600 bags, including: December, 6 50
Cfi-fiOc: January. 0.55£<>.e5c; February 6.70<a
0.80c; March, 6.85@ft.95c; April. 7c. •
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
firm with a fair demand. Common 4@4*4c
pnme. 5?4c; choice, 5»4@6Kc, and fancy,'
C s ifi ; 7c.
- PRUNES — Are attracting 'some export de
mand but rule generally quiet with quotations
ranging from 2Uc to «%c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are in light demand, but mostly
at 9«,©«%c for choice, and U@15c for fancy.
PEACHES— Are dull, with choice at 7U©
Tf-tc; extra choice. 7*4e$)4c. and fancy, »i4
@lO',4c
Nqiu York Grain and Produce.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls, and brands sell
about . \\'ia under quotations. .Heavy salted
Stfers. !>c; medium. S*c: light. •7?4«: Cow Hides.
~\Uc. for heavy and 7%c for light: Stags,' 5c;
Salted Kin, !•«•: Saltf.i Veal. Kto: Salted Calf,
10',ic; tlry Hides, 15c; dry Kip, 13c;. dry
Ca!f.. tfic: Sheepskin*. sheariliiK!".- eacn,
short Wool. 40®fi0c each: - medium. 7C#90c;
Long Wool. $ligl 50;. Horse Hides, salt,
$2 75 for-larg? and $2&2 00 for medium, $t 2:,
©1 75 for small and COo for Colts; Ilorso'
Hides, dry, *1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1©1 25 for small, and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 31c; dry lalted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 31c. Goat
Skins — I'rime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium. 35c: email,' 20c.
TALLOW— No. -:1- rendered, 4%c per lb;
No. 2, 4c; grease, 2% ©3e.
. WOOL — Full clip— San Joaquln Lambs',' 09
lie:- Middle -County, 11® 12c: Northern Free,
ll@12c; Northern Defective, 10911c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 1201-ie; NevaUa, 13@15c; Ora
gon fine. 18©1 9c: Oregon medium. . 17c per Jb.'
HOPS— 13622c per Ib for . California. .
Salted hides. are easy.* with a slisht decline
In several descriptions. Otherwise there, is
nothing new tinder this head.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. STic; Three
half barrels. KJ4c: one tierce, two tlerc's.
8V»c; flv*' tierces, S'.'ic per lb.
Chicago wa* firm, with a good demand and
excellent buying. This market was unchanged.
CURED \ MEATS— lJacon. ll'ic yer lb for
heavy. 12c\ for light medium. 14c for light,
14%c for extra liKht. 18c for sugar-cured and
20c fnr extra *ugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured IIam», 14p: California Hams, 13V4®
13«»C'M«»* B«ef. $11 50 per bbl: extra M*s«,
S12C12 50; Family, $1.1: prime Mess Pork. «17;
extra clear. $24; Mess, *19; Dry Salted Pork.
12e; PiB Pork. $28; Pigs" Feet. ?5 25; Smoked
Beef. ;13c pfr lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7>Ac per lb for
compound and IK* 'for pure-; half barrels, pure,
»V t c; 10«lb tins, 0?ic; 5-lb tins, OTic; C-lb tini«,
10c.
Provisions.
RAISINS — F. 6.1 b. prices. Fresno, for lf>03
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
6>4c per lb; 3-crown. 6%c: 4-crown. «%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c: do. floated. 4%c: Un
bleached Sultanas, 4'.4c: Thompson's Seedless.
5V.C. London Layers — 2-crown. $ 1 25; 3-crown,
$1*35; 4-crown clusters. $2: 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 f-0; 6-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown. fittc; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific, do. 3*ic: Oriental, do.
2%c. ¦ Seeded Raisins— lS-oz packages, fancy,
Sc per lb; choice, 7?£c; 12-oz packages, fancy.
ii%c; choice. Cvgc; In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice,
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. _13%@14e;
No. 2. ll%(912c: No. I hardshell, l. o .i3l.1>4c:
No. 2," HSfcll»<-c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
lOVSc for 1 X L, 10V»c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8*40 for Lanauedoc; Peanuts. C(37c for East
ern: Pecans. ll©13e: Cocoanuts. $4 504J5: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8a 10c per Ib, and lO^llc
for Italian.
HONEY — Comb. 11Jil3c for white and UOlOc
for amber: water white extracted, 5575%c;
light amber extracted. 41465c: dark, 3%{?4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
FRUIT — Apricots. 709c 'or Royals and 9®
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4if. : 5%c,
sun-dried. 3yi@4c; Peaches. 4iA®H%c: Pears.
05/10c: Nectarinei!, 4®5»*e: Figs, white. 4j?4%o
In boxes; black. 414c: Fwms, pitted, t5®3c per
pound. ¦ • ¦ ' ..''•-.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%®2»4c for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
FRIDAY. Dec. 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup ..10»V>ili)ij, 4s qr cp newlKiftlUft"
4s qr reg ..100 110 3s qr coup.'.lOS — •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s — 110
Bay CPC 5». — 103 Do con 6s. — 1O*
Cal C a 5s. — 106 , O W gtd 5s. — 07
Cal C A JE g • \ Oceanic S Cs. — 79
m & ct 5*. — 1C2& Om Cable Cs.120%122
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac G Im 4s. 95 100
C C Wat 5s. — ICO P E Ry 5s. 106*4 —
KJ L A P6F.120 — P & C II 6si. — V—
P & C H 6s. — 117' P A O R 6S.116H120
Geary-st 5s.. 43 1K> Pcwell-*t 0S.113U —
II C&S 5»is.lO4% — S F G&R 5s. 05 ICO
II C & S 5s. — 101 SF A SJVos.ll«*;il7tt
Hon R T Cs.104 108 S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5s.lOlH105'i S P of A 6a
L A Ry 58.111 113 (1909) 107*4103}*
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 108^ —
Do gtd Cs. — — S I' of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104 (1005)Sr A.102H —
LAP lem 6.1.IOO — | <l»O.->)Sr B.103*^104
Mkt-st C fiu.m — I (1908) 104mC5
Do lem 68.112 114 (1912) ....114% —
NRR Of C6s. — 107*i SPC 1 eg 6s.ll4 117%
Do 5s 114'4 — Do stmpd.108% —
N P C R 5s. — 107 S P B R Cs.131 132%
NCR 5a.. — 110 S V W 6s. .105*4 —
N C P C 5s. — 101 Do 4* 2dm. 88& 0014
N S R R 5s. OS 100 Do 4s 3dm. — —
O G L H 53.107 -H Stkn G&E 6a — 100
O T Co 6s.. 117*4 — U G A E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42 I Port Costa.. — — •
Marin Co .. 61 — Js V W Co.. SS% 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC. \-
Cent L & P. 3Tb 4%]8 F G A E. 6S C8U
Mutual EL W- S F Gas L.. 3>,i 3S
Pac G Im... 54 54% Stkn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 65*4 — U G A E... — — .
Sac E G&R. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES
S F G A E. 68 — I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd320 — | •;
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.125 130 I. P A A ..160 170
Anglo-Cal ..85 91 Mer Truat ..235 —
Bank of Cal. 447*4 — Mcrch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
. SAVINGS BANKS.
Gfr S A L.2230 2275 Sav ft I. So. P4 101
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 5C0
Mutual Sav. 100 IC3 Union T Co. — —
i S F Sav U..60O — .
! STREET- RAILROADS.
California .. — 2<>5 I Presidio .... 39*4 43
, Oeary — SO J
i . POWDER.
i Giant ,— — IVIgorlt .,.. 4 4*4
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — SCc Kllauea 8 C. — 6 "'
Hawaiian C. 44. '44% Makawell C. 22>4 2:1
Honokaa S C 12*4 13% Qnomea S C. — 33
Hutch SPC — 10 Paauhau S C 14 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 143*4 — Oceanic S Co 6 6
Cal F O A. 02 — Pac Aux FA 4% 5^4
Cal Wins A. UO 02 I'ac C Borx.lG7 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 144 00
$10110 Northern Ry or Cal 114 75
50 Onomea Sugar Co. .10 UO
$20('l> S P ofSVrlzona (1909) 107 75
75 Spring Valley. Water Co 38 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Paskers' A«sn 143 75
100 Makawell 22 50
JOO Mercantile Trust Co < 2:10 00
$5WX) Pacific Electric 'Ry 5s 107 00
! BSF Gas & Electric Co OS GO
i $.1000 S F A S'J V Bond* U7 On
: $lCCt» S F.* 8 J V. b 2.w 117 00
$2C00 S V 4s (2d Mtge) DO W
California Stock and Oil Exchange
'-'Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 :«% ....
Apollo '40
Associated Trust Certificates 20
Associated Bonds 67% «3>%
Astec .... '. 80
California Standard -10
Caribou 1 02% ....
Central Point Con «5 :
: Chicago Crude 17 19 •
Claremont 24 3D
Esperanza .'...:.... 1 5(» . ..."
Four CO f-71".
Fulton > 4 «o
Giant .. ; ....>- 2rt
Hanford 135 Co 140 CO
Home 1 C5 110
Imperial :.'.¦.- 19 CO
Independence 15 ¦ in
Junction 11>
Kern ...... 5 00
. Kern River 10 CO •
Lion .......... ".. .... O.r '
Monarch (of Arizona) .44 47
Monte . Cristo ...- . 70
Occidental of W Va 17 18
Oil City Petroleum . 20 27
Peerless ..... 13 87%
Plttsburg s-19- • • 20
Reed Crude (old).. 8» . ....
Reed Crude (new > 4 00 4 50
S F A McKlttrick ...*. S On ....
SanJoaquia O & D.. 4 00 ....
Senator' ...•.....• ."..".".. ..... • .62 73
Sovereign ........ T.7 - sa
Sterling..... 3 55. 2 r.1
Superior .t «s 117
Thirty-three ........../.... 7 CO 7 50
Stock and Bond Exchange.
. . Open. ' High. Low. Close."
May ...?1 W% $1 IW& $1 wy, $1 0«>i
OATS — The market continues strong, and an
upward tendency Is slowly developing. The
demand Is very fair. Quotations for Red show
some Improvement.
White, $1 22H91 25 for California and
$1 'J7HM1 :53 for Northern; Black. $1 40©l 65;
Red, '$120@132tt for feed and $1 25®1 35 for
•eedr Orav $1 32%.
CORN — There is no further change to re
port. The market is quiet and the feeling is
rather weak than otherwise.
Western sacked, si 25 for Tellow, $1 25 for
White and $1 20©l 22% for Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 22 VI ft 1 30; small round do,
$1 40@l 5U; White, $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25&1 30 per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25©2 50 per ctl. '
2 p. m; session
Feed. $1 1031 13%; j Shipping and Brew-
Ing, »l lo'ol 20; Chevalier, $1 2031 45 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session t> to 11:30 a. m.
- Open. • .High. Low. Close.
May $107 '
December .... 1 12 ..,.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May U3D *l 35ft *1 35 $135*4
BARLEY— The market has not chanced
much lately. Holders are steady, as offerings
are moderate, but the demand Is nothing
extra.
2 p. m. session.
FUTURES. . .
-Besston U to 11:30 a. m.
Open. Hldh. Low. Close.
May $135% $1 35»i $135 $135
California Club. $1 40«l 42^: California,
White Australian, $1 60£l 62V4; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 41 U; Northern Blueitem, $1 50@l 61 U;
Oregon Valley, $140.- :¦:¦¦-, - - ¦¦
WHEAT — The leading news yesterday was
from the Argentine. Broomhall cabled that
heavy rains were reported In all parts, with
hail in the south, thunder and lightning In all
parts of the north, with Rtrong winds, and th«
harvest in portions of the province of Buenoa
Ayres hindered by storms. Snow was reported
over the greater part of the American Winter
Wheat belt, but this Is beneficial, as It. pro.
tects the plant from the cold. Bradstreet's
gave the exports for the week. Flour Included,
at 4,607,000 bushels, an Increase over the re
cent- weeklv showing?.
Chicago advanced from 80*ic to 82c and fell
back to 81%c. There was no Important new»
from that market. • ' '
This market was unchanged and featureless.
,_ > i> CASH WHJBAT. !; .. -- -
Wheat and Other Grains.
APPLES— Fancy Spltzenbergs, $1 75®2 per
box; other varieties. $1@1 50 for fancy, 75g»0o
for choice and 23®50c tor common; Christmas
Apples, $1 60@2. . - .
PEARS — Winter Nellla. from cold storage.
$1 50&2 per box.
QUINCES — 60®60o per box.
PERSIMMONS — !SOc«j?l per box.
• GRAPES — oO<?GOc for small boxes and 75c@
$1 for crates; large boxes, Jl@l 25.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orang»s, $1 25®
2 60 per box; Seedlings] 75cjn?l: Tangerines,
$lifitl 60 for half boxes and 75cg$l for quarter
boxes; Japanese-. Mandarins,. $125 per
box: Lemons. $1@2 per box: Grape Fruit,
$1 C04i2 60; Mexican Limes. $4S*4 50; Bananas,
$1 25@2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and *2'<?.l
for Central American; Pineapples, $2®3 5O.per
dozen. . ; '
Citrus fruits were in free supply and the
market waa without special feature. The pro
moters of the Orange Auction announced to
the trade yesterday, that the first auction sale
for the season of 190:t-04 would be held on
Wednesday, December 10. Four or five can
of choice fruit will be offered.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 C0§4 per chest for tho
large varieties, ' . •• •¦ • •
RASPBERRIES— Nominal. '¦¦¦
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod, $11®12 50; J?r
*eys, $10*310 75 per bbl.
The market was exceedingly dull, as the lo
cal demand was light, owing to the cool weath
er, and there was > practically no Inquiry from
outsld« points. r Recelpts of berries consisted
of a few scattering lots of lar^e strawberries,
which were mostly of poor quality and hard to
dispose of. The market was overloaded with
apple?, particularly low-grade stock, and prices
were inclined to easiness. An assorted car
load of high-grade stock from La?sen County
was placed in storage awaiting more favor
able ¦ market conditions. Stocks of other de
ciduous fruits were light but ample, and price*
had no quotable variance.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Silver and Sterling Exchange are rather
higher.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 8OV4
Sterling Exchange, 'sight — 4 84^i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85 14
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New *york Exchange, telegraphic. — 07 'i
Silver, per ounce — M14
Mexican Dollar* — 44 V4
Exchange and. Bullion.
EASTERN MARKETS.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FP.ANC1PCO. Dec. 11—5 p. m.
The fo!lomin«; are the reasons! rainfall* to
date ec compared with those of eame date la*t
sea?ca. and rainfall in last 24 houre:
Last This Last
Ptation* — 21 hour*, season, wason.
Eureka Trace iV.M
R'd Bluff <».«W fc.72 12. U2
Sacramento <i.0<» :<.">2 5.30
Pan Francisco <».o<> 4.42 4.W
Fresno «t.<K) O.54 a. 15
Independence ©.<«• «».42 0.83 J
ffn Lull OM?po <>.<*» <».44i 4.5*1
L,^ Anjreles O.W O.I.I 2.98]
Fan r>ieco Trace ' O.40 2.04 t
THE COAST RECOR D.
~~a £ e o « 3
* *! ~~ -2 *Z 3
5 53 si s= s* «
ETATIONS. y 5=^3=§ |^ Z
i g ? : i 8
: f * • : :
Farallon 29 9*5 li 49 NW Cloudy 7oT»
Baker 2J.«« «• 22 NE Cloudy .<»4
Larson :».W> 44 12 NW Pt Cldy .<K»
Eureka 30. OS 52 44 N Pt Cldy Tr.
Fneno 29.1'S 56 2S NW Clear • .«*»
Flagstaff 29.74 «5 14 W Cloudy .<*•
Pocatello 29.H2 40 30 SW Snow .:!2
Independence .2:«.K0 5S 32 KW Clear .«*)
L.j« Angele*...2;i.»() «i2 42 8 cloudy .00
Mt.TamaIpai9.29.0S 50 43 NW Cloudy .Oii
North Head... ."A 02 4« 40 SE Foggy .:«»
Phoenix 29.7S «4 40 PE Pt CliJy .00
Portland .....3».t>4 42 3<» NW Rain .OH
Point Reyes... 2».W> 65 4H NW Cloudy .l<0
Red Bl-j* SS.Ut A3 S8 K Pt Cldy -<Ni
Rc**-bur« -:n<-» 44 a« NW yoggy .01
Farramento ..29.92 .'.s :w NW Pt Cldy .01
Sa'.t Lake 2S.8« VA 22 SE Snow .Hi
Pan Kraricl!Kv>.2H.9$ 58 42 W Cloudy .00
8. L. Obi*i>o..2:t.»4 64 3^ N Clear .00
San Diegp 2U.U4 CO 44 S Cloudy Tr.
Seattle ..._<. .:vm»2 44 :ih gE Clpudy .05
Ppokane 30.02 M 2 ? Cloudy .22
T*loosh 2T».!>4 44 42 P Cloudy .Hi
Walla t\-al!a..30.»C! 32 24 SW Cloudy .32
"VVinnemucca .2» VH 42 30 K Pt Cldy .!«•
Tuna 29.7S 70 44 8 Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rressure ha* fallen rapidly over the
w»«:ern half ot the country and the conditions
are no longer favorable for *ettled fair
weather.
Hno* is '.A.'-.r.K in Utah and Arizona and
¦rtll probablj- fall Saturday in the mountains
of Northern Arizona.
A mo-ierat* disturbance overlifn the valley
of the (.'olfra'ici and may c«a!>e southerly winds
in Southern «'alt?omia and rut an end to the
prevailing dry period.
Cloudy weather prevail* on the northern
coast and hi£h northwest winds are blowing
at Point Rfjts and the Farallone*.
East-hound traveler* may expect mow
throughout il.e lr.ter-mountain section.
Forepart r... > at Ksn Francisco for SO hours
ending midnight December 12:
North'rn California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, probably light rain by
r.i^ht: brirk north winds.
Pouthtrti California — Cloudy Saturday, prob
ably rain; fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday, with snow In the
mountains: brick :.•-!.- winds.
San KVanoiFoo and vicinity — Cloudy, unset-
tied weaker Saturday, pc*sibly rain by night;
truk northwest winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Ixx*al stock market continue flat and dull,
with no ,noteworthy features on any of the
local exchanges.
The San Francisco and Tonopah Mining Ex
change and the California Stock and Oil Ex
change will adjourn from Thursday afternoon,
December. 24, to Monday, morning, D«c»mber
2S, over Christmas, and from Thursday after
noon, l>.'oerr.bt-r 31, to Monday morning, Jan
uary 4, over New Year**.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 50
cents December 21.
The Silver Hill Mining Company, bas de
clared a dividend of 5 cents per share, paya
ble January 21.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
Mining Company has levied an assessment of
25 cents.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company has declared its regular quarterly
dlvidend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum,
payable January 2. More than the full
amount of the dividend was earned during Oc
tober and November; the balance, with the
entire net earnings of December, will be add
ed to surplus.
The Best and Belcher Mining Company haa
levied an assessment of 10 cents.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Dec. 11. — WHEAT— Steady; Blue
•tem. SOc; Club. 76c. •
Northern Wheat Market.
STOCK MARKET.
:¦ SEATTLE. Dec. 11.— Clearings, $653,021;
"TACOMA. '- 1 Dec. 11..— <nearing*, : . $355,755;
balances, $312,251. : "¦ ¦':' •>•-. .'¦ -- '¦¦'¦•¦'
PORTLAND, Dec. - 11.— C.earlns*,- $181,152;
SPOKANE.' Dec. 11.— Clearing*. $396,742;
balances, J53.101. • • ' , - -"' > "¦
Northern. Business.
Receipts of Produce.
FOP. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 11
Flour, qr eks... 4.nS4i\Vool. bales 54
Wheat, ctls .... l.rtOO'Alfalfa seed ska 224
Barley, ctls'.... 0,290! Feed, sks 24
Oats ctis ¦ 1.4"»5! Screenings sks. ' 2UO
Beans, sks ... . 5..SO2! Pelts. No. .'...-. 635
Potatoes, sks... l.OtiOiHIdes. No 2.«73
«?nions. ska ... 4C0 Sugar, ctls 2.«t:«
Bran eks ...... 7»0 Leather, rolls - . 102
Hay. tons ....... 62o|wine i gaU 74.5no
Straw 4 . tons -.'.. lOiBrandy. gals... 5. (150
Hops; bales ... 142.Tallow.ctla ', 20
9 CHEESE-12®12«o for the general market.
13c for select • mild new and llQllUc-- for
lower grades; Young Americas l-J^Mc'-" East
ern. 15%@16»ic: Western. 14@15c pe' lb
EGGS— Ranch, 47«4<S50c for choice and 45Q
4.c for small and mixed colors; store nom
inal; cold storaee. l'SQ3U%c; Eastern. 20'tfi'sa
for cold storare. '
o -"" TT , EK -" Creamerj '- -'"62Sc for extras and
2H4j25c for seconds; dairy. 18@24c; store But
ter. 17«c; cold storage. 24ie2«c; Eastern. 23Q
per lb. ...
The Butter market continues In very bad
shape. Dealers eay, that it "is seldom »o stag
nant at this time of.tho year.. Stocks of every-,
thing are large and' the medium 'and- lower
grades are- still lower and depressed. . ¦ '•
. Cheese remains -In ' the same rut, being in
oversupply and very dull. '¦ 5 : :
>The weakness - in Eggs continues and close
bOj-ers no longer pay 50r, as they can buy be
low this figure. While receipt* are not much
larger the demand is. slow and stocks of ranch,
are shewing a perceptible increase. To add to
the weakness Los Angeles U offering to sell to
this market. If satisfactory quotations can be
obtained.
were 37,900 lbs Butter. 645 'cases
Eggs and 31,200 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
IF eat her Report.
. NEW YORK. Dec. 11— Tin underwent a par
tial reaction In London, where prices were
down about £1 for the day on spot, which
clc^eO at £123. while future* were 17* fld lower
at £124 5s. Locally tin wa* unchanged with
fl** nuoted ot J274/27 25. .
e'epper. after opening rather, lower abroad,
rallied and closed iinchanged at £R0 17* ad for
•pot and 5s lower at £56 .8* for future*. Ix»
c-n-tly copper was firmer, owing to reports^of a
Isetter export demand. Lake Is quoted at
$12 S7'ifM2 60; electrolytic «t $12 23»12 S1'±
and castinr at $12 12>tfil2 25. <•¦;
Lead wa* uncbanred here at M.25 and wa*
also unchanged In London, closing at £11 1* 3d.
New York Metal Market.
Minneapolis & St L 500 69 58 59
Missouri Pacittc .. 21,000z 9.1H 91% 92'^
M K & T ; 17H
M K & T pfd COO 3S»i 38 SS&s
Nat RR of Mex pfd 36^
N Y Central 1.<KK) 11M, 11k 117^
Norfolk & Western l.OOO 57 >i 57 U , 57 .
Norf & \V pfd 67
Ontario & Western. 1.200 21 1 4 21 '4 21 Vi
Pennsylvania ...... 71,700 117% 116T4 ll*>?i
p c i: * st I .... 60
Reading 24,200 44"* 43\ 43%
Reading 1?t pfd .. 10 77 77 77
Reading 2d pfd 5'J',i
Rock lEland Co.... lO.(KK) 2«V* 25 1 i 25V»
Rock Inland pfd... 8<X> 61 >, til'i «l
St L & S F 1st pfd 00
Ft L A S F 2d pfd 44 Vi
| St L S W MK) 14 14 14
! St L iJ W j>fd • 32
St Paul 10,-JW 142 140»« 140%'
St Paul pfd 171%
Southern Pacifie .. l.*>.700 47 t t 46*» i 40%
Southern Ry 2,9<)<> 20^ 20=S 20%
Southern Ry pfd ... 1.7tt» 77^ 76U 77
Texas & Pacific... 2.000 25>» 24 Vi 2414
Tol Pt L * W • 200 21 21 2O
Tol St L & W pfd 3.1U
Union Pacific 21,<HX> 77^ 7«?» 7«Ti
Union Pacific pfd K~Vt
Wabash 100 2l) 21) 19T»
| Wabash pfd 1.700 37 ZG\b 30Vi
Wheel & Lake Erie ...: 1014
Wisconsin Ontral. 200 17 lfi a i 10%
WIs Central i>fd 800 SStf &V:%
Express Companies — ;
Adamis 220
American , 1*5
UnlteM States 101
j We'ls-Fnrgo ¦/ • -* 00
Mi»cellaneou8 —
Amalgamated Cop.. C3.40O 47 40U 45*i
Am Car A Fndry.. 400 18'4 ISH 18Vt
Am Car & F pfd 400 tKift W 1^ tiSV*
Am Ltnseed Oil 9%
Am Lin Oil pfd 21>W
Am Locomotive 200 14*4 14H 14^
Am Looomotv pfd 75V»
Am Smelt * Ref.. 1.200 4S»i 4»i,; 48V«
Am Smelt A R pfd. 400 »0 KU% . 89%
Am Sugar R»f 9.20O 124T, 123 123
Anaconda Min Co.. 400 78 7«H 76
Brooklyn Rap Trn.101.W0 51 % 49 49%
Colo Fuel & r Iron.. 2«h
! Colun.b & H Coal.. 1,300 12V4 UU 12
Consolidated Gas.. 3,400 l$4'.i 182 1S2V4
General Electric *>or> -106 105 164
Internatnl Paper... 100 10% 10% 10
Interna Paper pfd. V.. d
Internatnl Pump... l"0 30 SO 29
Interal Pump pfd.. 100 70 70 69
National Biscuit 36^
National Lead 100 I6V4 16>4 . 15V4
North American... 300 77 1 ,* 77H 75
Northn Securitlf* 89%
raciflc Mail 25
People's Gao 2W.7OO »»% 97 9SJ,
Pressed Steel Car.. 700 20 25>s 25U
Pressed i> Car pfd. ...- 66
Pullman Pal Car 214
Republic Pt?el .... 3oO 6% «% «V4
Republic Steel pfd. 2.900 40 89H 39V4
Rubber Good* 700 1SV4 ' IS 18
Rubber Goods pfd 71H
Tenn Coal A Iron.. 2.700 32 3114 31
U 8 Leather l,20<» 7% 7«» 7%
U S Leather pfd... 400 76V* 7<J 76>4
U S Rubber 100 10 10 9V4
IT S Rubber pfd 38
U S Steel 19,500 10% 10 10
U B Steel pfd 280.300 54% 51 T « C2&
Western Union 200 t>7 S6H 8«'.a
Total pales 8J1.700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco: 5000 at
175 25.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2* reg. .ICS^iLouis A N unl 4*.100U
Do coup 108 Manhattan c g 4s.l01%
Do S« reg 1O7»,4 Mex Cent 4i 71H
Do coup 107'.i Do 1st lnc 15U
Do new 4s reg. .13a % Minn A S L 4*.. 98%
Do coup 133% Mo K * T 4s .. WIS
Do old 4s reg. 109 Do 24s 77
Do coup 1 l.i IN R R of M c 4s 75
Do 5s re* W 1 jN Y Cent * S<is. UU%
Do coup 10I'.i|N J Cent g f»s...l30
Atch gen 4* 100 Nor Pac 4s 1C2%
Do adjt 4* ... 87»4 Nor Pac Ss 70^
Atlantic C L 4s. 93 Nor & West c 4s. 90»«
Balto A Ohio 4s. 100% O K L 4s & Par. 92
Do 3U« 95 .Penn conv 314s .. b-»H
C^nt of Ga 5s 104 'l.'tad Gen 4s sett
Do 1st lnc CC IS I. A I M c 5s.m>/.
Chos A O 4H*...1U2H fit L A S F tg 4s. 84%
< hi & Alton 3%s. 74HISt L S W 1st.. 92%
C B A Q n 4s. 92-^, Seaboard A L 4s. liu.
C Mj& S P g 4».11O (Southern Pac 4».. 87'4
CM A N W c 78.131 Southern Ry 5s..ll.m
C R I & P R R 4s fi9% Tex A Pac lsta..H5
Do col r* 75 Tol St L A W 4s. 70 1
CCC&SLg4s 95%: Union Pac 4s ...102%
Chi Term 4s 7m* Dp conv 4s 95«i
Con Tobacco 4s... 56% Tj 8 Steel 2d 6s. 6894
Colo & 80 fa v5 wabash 1st* 11394
D A R G 4s n»i; Do Deb B ! «0U
Erie prior lien 4«. UH Wh*el A L E 4s. 87
..^«;»*« 8«',i Wls Cent 4s .... 89 «
B2-.tf SSS jcol ° F & l c 6s - "*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con mi Little Chief ftt
lc * •-.- 14 Oi.tario COO
Rreece - Kilophir 1 7u
nruns-T-Ick Con .. 05 \ Phoenix 03
Comstork Tunnel.. 05iPoto*i i«
Tr n C \ 1 ,,* Va • - 1 ]£", 34
Horn Wlver W« Sierra Nevada 42
' ron . BIlTW 1 95 ; Small Hopes . ]g
Leadvllle Con .... O2i Standard V... 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
C^an"; )££ i^ffi^ 1 "-- »
Time loan* ... .5fffi% Adventure .... 2
Bond?— Allouer 3<i
Atchison 4» 99 Amalgamated °\'*4\£
Railroads— iBingham ..... 21
Atchison 67'4lCalumet A IIec!a.44O
Do prefd 92SiCentennlal ..... !,;<•
Boston & Albany.*4.-» (Copper Range . ' 4^u
Boston & Maine. IKS [Dominion Coal i\
Boston L 140 Franklin ."' -u
N Y N H A H..19«H Itle Royal e ...'.'. lQ
Fitchburg v.refd..l30 Mohawk ... 3,1?
Unioa Pacific ... 76% Old Dominion .!' •»
Mex Central 9% Osceola ' r«
Miscellaneous — Parrot ¦- igx-
Amer Sugar 123 Quincy " i-.^ 1
Do prefd 120 Santa F« Coptie'r" 114
Amer Tel & Tel.124 ' Tamarack .. kA *
Dominion I A 8.. 8 Trinity " 41-
Gen Electric 163Vi United States la
Mass Elec i» Utah *'" ioi'
Do prefd .-76 Victoria * 2 i ;
United Fruit 102 Wlnona " ~{f
V S Steel 10 Wolverine ... eh'*
Do prtfd 67 '
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money . *• NY Central 122Vi
. Do account S» Nor A Western .'. 69V4
Anaconda 4 Do prefd .... »o
Atchison 7«% Ontario A West.. "2U
Do rrefd 85% Pennsylvania 60%
TJaltoA Ohio .... Bl^i Rand Mines OTi
Canadian Pacific. 123 Reading «vi»7
Chos & Ohio 32% Do 1st prefd!!' 40 '*
J hf^fo a VV ... 16% Do 2d prefd.. 81
Chi M A St P. ..145% Southern Ry ... "u
DeBeer* 20% Do prefd 8 0
Denver A R a.. Southern Pac ... 48%
Do prrTd 74 U Union Pacific . . " £
Erie xo% Do rrefd on
do ist prefd... 7o*.n g bIS .:::::: ??
Do 2d prefd Sl^l Do prefd i«
Illinois Central .. 1 34 K Wabash ...."!" 21
BM^«,:-|?8J| °° rreM 3 «
x' Jne , r . a , t8 , or - dl««>unt in the open market for
*liort bill* I" 4 per cent, and for three months'
bills S'i ptr cent. ,
St. Louis Wool Market.
¦ ST LOUIS. Dee. 11. — Wool, quiet and «*sy;
medium grades, combing and clothing, 17©21e;
light fine 15fc'17c; heavy, fine, 12?}14.J,c; tub
washed. 20©30c. ""
NEW YORK. Dec. 11. — The cotton market
clo-ed with a couple of points the best, of the
day with the tone- firm ana a net advance
of a matter of 19*24 points.
New York Cotton Market.
6 50; short ribs sides (loose), $6 12 »i ©6 37^ :
short clear sides (boxed). $0 12>4©« 25: whis
key, basis of high wines, f I 27: clover,'-con-
tract grade, $11. * -
Articles — ¦' ¦ Receipts. Shipments. '
Flour, barrels.: 29.000. . :53,300
Wheat, buohels ...'... HO.OOtf. ¦ .14,000
Corn, bushels i...... ...lS4.0<tO ; 103.S0O
Oats, bushels 227,«0O ' 104.500
Rye bushels 8.500 2,800
Barley, bushels 138.700 12,600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was heavy; creamery, "lC«?25c: dair>-.
14&17e: eres. Ilrni, 24^27c; chess?, quiet, 10
«fl2V4e. - - :- v-
Foreign Futures.'
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— Dec. ! March. May.
Opening « 3% 04»i 6 2*4
ClOBina; 6 3% 0 4% 6a'/ 4
PARIS. -
• Wheat— ' • £f c - Mar.- June.
Opening 2° s " "° 7l>
Kg*.::: «» <* =» <»
SfoMng .::::::.: . J -... .:.:.• & «> k &
Eastern Livestock Market. '
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO Dec 11. — CATTLE — Receipts,
2500; dull: good to prime steers, $t :)O®5 (J5;
poor to medium. fi&* w :-" l £«Si r i o an * , f f eed -
In SI 75(ff3 »<>: cows. $1 B«Jpf. 00: heifers,
$™7S©4 60; manner;. *l 50©2 30; bulls, ?l 75
HO^3S^- S Keceipts" to-day. 30,000; to-morrow.
20.000; stmng to 5c higher; mixed and butohera,
$4 454*4 70- good to choice heavy. 54 CO4J4 «S;
f-ough h4aVy! $4 40!Cf4 45; l'«ht. $4 30^4 00;
i bulk of saleB. $4 50S4 00. -
shfep- Receipts 5WJ0; sheep lower, lambs
steao-y; good to choice wether* %i 5004; fair
to choice mixed 12 WW3.88; \Ncst-»rn sheep,
«2 2503 Co" naiivc lambs. |4®5 85; .Western
lamb*, f* 60^5 "«>¦
NEW YORK, Dec. 11. — The followtng table,
compiled by Bradstreet ihawi the bank .clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
December 10. with the percentage "if increase
and decrease as compared -with the corre
sponding week last year:
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
•New York |1,317,27S,654 3.0
•Chicago 119.40S.613 8.6 ....
•Boston 12S.100.77rt ..... 8:7
•Philadelphia 1O0.S04.O2** 5.7
•St. Louis 5.1,925.024 14.9
Plttsburg i. 35.027.077 .... 0.8
, »San Francisco ... 28.1W4.130 ..... 0..
•Baltimore 21.845,430 .... O.»
Cincinnati 23.365.100 2.3
•Kansas City 21.662.8S6 3.3 ....
Cleveland 13.134.1U2 .... <*1
I 'Minneapolis 19.138.347 10.0
•New Orleans ... 28,080.822 <«.7 , ....
Detroit 9,886.458 .... 3.9
•Louisville 11.888,878 1.4 ....
Omaha 7.C52.317 4.6 ....
•Milwaukee S.S54.903 l».O
•Providence 7.063.400 2.9 ....
•Buffalo «,!>25.:U7 ¦ I.
•St. Paul C.191,001 7.4
Indianapolis «.49+,4C5 .... T.4
Los Angeles .... 7.735.392 Jt7.9 .....
•Et. Joseph 4.088.410 . 13.1
Denver 4.698,116 3.3
Richmond 4.504.115 3.0
Columbus '.. 4.394.100 r'>i v i
Seattle 4.104,561 , .... 6-0
Washington 4,535,272 ¦ 7.7 ....
•Savannah 5.052.494 14.0 ....
Memphis 7.074.402 37.8
Albany 3.574.336 23.8 ...,
Salt Lake City... 4.452,593 T.7
•Portland. Or 3.6S0.927 2.S ....
•Toledo 3.2S9.129 »•» ••••
Fort Worth " 4.807.988 50.3
Peoria 3,496.614 41.0 ....
Hartford 2.543.749 ; .... 11. »
Rochester 2.4S5.S89 «.l ••••
Atlanta 8 ' 9 ?M!?I • Zil 4 •*"
Des Molneti 2.459.519 ..... ••••
New Haven 1.8C3.324 6.3 »
Nashville- 2.R21.139, 30,1 ......
Spokane. Wash... 2.223,154 4A
Grand Rapids ... 2,000,031 2-1.9 ....
Sioux City 1.324.8S2 .... l»-9.
Springfield. Mass. 1.596,985 17.0 ....
Norfolk 2.176.R04 25.3 .....
D«vton 1.709,446 13.7 ....
Tacoma 2.003.361 .... 2.8
Worcester S31 -S®~ £'2"' 47 -°
Augusta. Ga 2.320.334 64.8
Porthind. Me 1.657,302. 24.1
Scranton 1.C49.56B 2S.1 ....
Toneka 1.447.C9O ...: 8.3
Syracuse 1.889,080 U.3 -'....
&-an»vine ' 219 •' To
WilmlnRton. Del. ll"°-°2i "• M!
Birmingham 1.2C.S.3S9 .... 1.8
Davenport ...%... U35,40i 9.6
Fall River 1,011,932 .... ....
Little Rock 1.450.004 31.9
Knoxvllli ......... 1.170.867 30.8
Macon 1 ' 1 J 8 - C 22 }2'2 •'"
Wilkesbarre S37.19S 12.2
Akron «i67.000 2.4
Springfield, 111.... 721,861 3».B ....
Wheeling. W. Va. 604,079 .... #11.2
Wichita. D13.07M 66.3
Toungstown 718.819 10.3
Helena 768.741 15.1 ....
Lexington 516.601 .... 12. 8
Chattanooga 907.6S6 43.1 ....
Lowell 474,225 .... 16.5
New Bedford 731.882 58.6
Kalarriazoo 702,334 10.8
Far?o. N. D 7*0,417 12.8
Canton. 0 5S0.000 29.4 ....
Jacksonville. Fla.. 784.378 114.8
Greensburg. Pa... 444.758 9.C ....
Rockford. Ill 440.9R6 82.3
Springfield. 0 372,046 2.2 ....
Binghamton 453,300 .15.8 ....
Chester. Pa 519.810 45.0 ....
Bloomlngton, 111.. 304,200 16.0 ....
Qulr.cy. Ill 8fiS,4G3 1.8 ....
Sioux' Falls. S. D. 821,310 15.5 ....
Mannflfld. ! 0 259.169 26.4
Jacksonville. 111.. 249.382 1».O
Fremont, Neb.... 146.290 .... 8.7
Decatur. Ill 281.011- 2.2 ....
tHoueton. 20,713,162 39.8 ....
JGalveston 11,055,000 6.1 ....
Guthrle .".: 933.211 -.'...
Charleston 1,335,914 ..:. ".?..
Total*. U. S $2,171,524,727 '4.2 ....
Outside N. York 804.240,014 ¦ 4.6 ....
CANADA.
Montreal *21,822.222 9.0 ....
Toronto 17.875,082 10.6 ....
Winnipeg 6,019,616 18. 5 ....
Halifax 2,133,975 16.6 ....
Ottawa 2.191,500 1.7 ....
Vancouver, B. C... 1,117,<U« 36.1 ....
Quebec 1,569, C13 .... io 6
Hamilton 1.213,500 '20.0 ....
St. John. N. B I.ol3.f»50 - 15.2 ....
Victoria. B. C 630,705 .... 12 3
London SS«,870 3.7 ....
Totals. Canada 157,694,615 10.7 ....
•Balances paid In cash. {Not included in to
tals because containing other items than clear-
Ings.
Bank Clearings.
Local securities still featureless and dull.
Silver ami Sterling Exchange slightly lozver.
Wheat and Barley quiet at "previous quotations.
Cats showing an upward tendency. Corn dull and easy,
Continued steadiness in' Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bean market relapsing into dullness, with prices easy.
Buiier still giving wa\ under excessive stocks.
Eggs continue to case off slozjly. Cheese in oversiipply.
Excellent cash demand for Provisions at Chicago.
Salted Hides quiet, zeith several sorts slightly lower.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes still in large supply and dull.
Turkeys v.ozv plentiful and loiver. Game weak.
Cold ivcather still interfering with the Fruit trade. .
Winter Orange auctions to be resinned December 16.
X<*zz' York stocks zi'cakcr on the day
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Spelter wa* unchanged here at $3 25 for spot
anl |4 25 for December delivery., these price*
being more or less nominal. In London epelter
was unchanged at £21 2s Cd.
Iron wax unchanged at 4Ss 6d In Glasgow
and l*4d higher at 41s 7V4d In Middlesboro.
Locally Iron shows somewhat of a hardening
tendency, but official prices are unchanged
with No. 1 foundry Northern quoted at $15'g 1 U5;
No. 2 foundry Southern, JUS15.
Toltec 13 20
Teek 1 10
Twenty-eight * 4 25 4 50
West Shore ; 2 90 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement. ..... 1 80
Alameda Sugar .... ....'
American BiscufF* ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
California Cotton Mills 83 00 93 00 -
California Jockey Club
California Shipping Company .... 28 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central Bank of Oakland
Chutes Company - 7 T.I
Cypress Lawn Imp Co .
Fischer'* Theater 2 12V, 2 23
Gas Consumers' Assn
Honolulu Sugar 13 00 12 79
Northern California Power
North Shore Railroad 12 Oft
Orpheum Company 15 37 ! >
Pacific States Tel A Tel ....
Paraffine Paint ....
San Francisco Dry Dock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 S5 ....
Sausalito Land A Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company .... .... ....
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Company 23 00 30 CO
Truckce- Electric ....
Union Sugar .... ....
Vnited Gas A Electric «...
SALES. I ¦«
Morning Session. ~_
Board —
100 Occidental ; • IT
625 Lion 02
50 Fulton 4 90
. Afternoon Session.
Board—
2Q(i Monarch 45
255 Paraffin* Paint 37 50
Mining Stocks. ,.•
. BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAXOR
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
ctaco Stock and Exchange board yesterday: -
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia ... SI 200 Sierra Ner .. 411
30ft Crown Point. . 1« I0O Silver Hill .. 75
2OO Gould A Cur. Kl 200 Stiver Hill .. 7t
500 Mexican v.» 200 Union Con .. 50
ICO Ophlr 1 90 SOO Union Con .. 61
amophir 1M loo Utah 12
400 Sierra Nev . . 4S SCO Yellow Jacket 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Best A Belch. 1 83! 700 Mexican 93
100 Bert * Belch.2 00; BOn Ophlr ........I 95
100 Caledonia ... 80 500 Overman .... 23
2CO Chollar .. 23 »*> Potosl : ' 2»
600 Con C A Va.l 10 600 Savag* 4O
70O Con C ft Va.l 19 300 Seg Belcher.. OT
500 Exchequer ... 1* BCO Sierra Nev .. BT
900 Gould -ft Cur. 55 200 Union Con .. 8a
200 Hale A Norc. 40 1 200 Union Con .. 52
1~^ PACIFIC 8TOCIC EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the PadSa
Stock' Exchange yesterday:
*.>;¦ Morning Session. '..¦*;.,'*.;
2C0 Caledonia ... S3) 200 Savag* S3
ICO Caledonia ... 821 200 Sierra Nev .. BO
3W> Choi tor 2l! 200 Sierra Ner .. Rl
400 Con C A V.I 07liJ 100 Sliver Hill".. T>
2CO Crown Point.: 1*0; 200 Union Con .; 43
30«> Exchequer ... 17 ( 7<*> Union Con -.. • $>+
6CO Gould A Cur. 33 10CO Yellow Jacket 22
200 Overman 2'. 500 Tellow Jacket 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Bullion C.S( 2CO Ophir 1 ft2H
.VO Chollar ..... 2» 200 Ophir 10.1
20O Cttollar 23 3t«> Potoal 23
SfO Con C ft V.I 12 '4 SCO Union 53
10CO Julia .... 04 »0 Union 54
100 Orhir .... 1 80!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. :
Foliowirs: were the sales on th* 8aa Fran
cluro and Tonopah Minin* Exchanse yesterday:
Mornlna; Session. . ¦
ICO Mont Ton ...1 45 1 2C0 Ton N Star.. Zt
Afternoon Session.
10CO Eaperania. ... 01 f ICO Ton Midway.. 47
ICO Mont Ton.. 1 4"V»i 100 Ton Midway.. 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAT. De«. 11 — « p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha «? W Justice 0© 10
Alta 02 C4 Kentuck 03 04
Xnjoj IS 2« Keye* Graes. — 1 SO
Belcher 20 23 I^dy Wash . . — ' ' Ort
Best & Belch.l J>5 2 C,5 Mexlran 91 9.1
Bullion 07 C« Occidental ... .40 42
Caledonia SO SI Ophir 1WI«V
Challenge Con 2O ?•» Overman .... 24 2"
Chollar 22 23 Totosi 22 23
Confidence .... 7i> 73 Savage X* :<»
Con C A Va.l 10 1 13 Scorpion C2 Kt
Con Imperial. 03 ftt freg Belcher..^ M r«
<!on N Y ...'. 12 11 Sierra Nev ..it B2
Crown Po?nt.. 1» 17 Silver Hill .. 75 7«
Eureka Con.. — 5C St Louis .... 12 15
Exchequer ... 17 18,Bvndlc«te ... 04 *«
Gould & Cur. .14 .T«j Union Ccn ..52 S3
Hale fc Norc. 43 46ilUah U: '
julla 0* C3I Yellow Jacket 21 22
TONOPAH MINES.
BId.As'<.| ' * Bi^.Ask.
Colehan — »» Rescue <» 0«
Eaperanza .. — 02 Ton Belmont. . •S m
Gipsy Qu-«n. — Su Ton * Cal.'.. — J5
, Gold M Con. 01 — Ton ofN*».'.. -- • 52
Lucky Tom... — 17 Ton N Star. 31 y ¦
MacSamara . «9 U Ton Midway, tt 4T
Mont Ton ..1 40 1 BO United Too .. 10 U
: Paymaster ... — 13
Eggs are lower, as the production \% steadily
Increasing, and still lower prices are expected
in the near future. Butter la unchanged, al
though .-ii;;i li> s a:-- ple-ntlfu! ami are com
mencing to accumulate in the wholesale mar
ket?. . » - ¦*
Kearljr all kinds of Poultry and Game ar*
cheaper this we»k. Receipts from all sources
wnj i:i:usu&lly htavy during the week and the
i-lnsir.se of a Inr^e n'trnbt-r <>f restaurant* ow
i"S U labor troubles re»ui:e<J In a ht-avy ac
crrrulation el st<K-U. hecre the lower prices.
Ihe market is slenderly supplU-ii with \>ge
tahler. as usual at this time of the year, and
a general advance in price* will \» ccteii.
Fruits have shange.1 but little sine* last week.
Meats and Fish arc j.lr-ntlful and are still
aellins at the familiar quotation*.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$—©10 C0jN>w
Seattle t— 1» H r.« Wellington $—©10 CO
Hi»lyn $— & «.) tK) 1 Wellington
Richmond ...$ — «* 9 St> Nut f — © 9 (4>
Greta $ — ® » W).Coos Bay . .$— © T 80
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter tholce.sq.oSStiOi Common Eggs.. .35^40
Do good 45»5i)jl:arich Egg* 5<vri.*>3
Do packed. Ib.— ©-"M)* I^mtern Eggs ..—©30
Che»*e. Cal 15920 Honey, comb, per
Cheese Eastern. .2U&25 pound ....".... — 620
Cheese. Swiss ..25{r25 Do extracted. . iHflO
MEATS. PER POUND —
Bacon ! lSS25|Pork Sausage. .12»i«t3
llama 164*18! Smoked Beef . . .— ®20
Lard 12V^©— |
The San Frencisco Butchers* Protectlv* As
sociation give* the fallowing retail prices for
meats:
Roast Beef 10©20;Hlndqrtr Lamb..lS820
Tenderloin Steak. 15<81S! Foreqtr Mutton.. HtCIO
Porterhse ilol7> .©'ii'j L»g Mutton ...12'i©l3
Sirloin Steak.. 12VJ#15j Mutton Chop«..UHttlH
Round Steak ..lO«&12mMutton Stew 8
Beef Stew — ©lOiHoast Veal 12tt2O
Corn Beef 98 10 Veal Cutlets ....15«20
Soup Bones 4S— IVeal Stew lintel*
Houp Meat 5« 10 Roast Pork ...12>^«H
Lamb Chop* ...— ®20 Pork Chi>pa 15#1S
Foreqtr Lamb.ll'H©l5f
POIXTRT AND GAME—
lUns. each 50^75! Wild Doves. dx..Jl 50
Youdb Roo*ter». . [English Snipe. ds.*4 nO
each 60®S0j.Fac!£ Snipe. doz..$2 5«>-
Old Rooster* ea.5Ctt»-;.i Gray Geeae, each.4t>«r>0
Fryers each ...SC-gCO White Geese, if .laggi
Broilers, each ..60<aC0 Brant, each ZO0S9
Tnrkey*. per 11).24®2S. Honker*. each..4C-S73
Ducks each . . .73>>Mtl!Teal Ducks. ea..2CB2S
«»eese" each.. — ©jrcO'Mall'd Ducks. ea.4iV8,V»
Gonllngs $2 0o:Wid(C-n Ducks. »a20'Q2.*>
Pigeon*, pair ... — ©CO; Sprig- Duck*. ea.40QS0-
Squabs per pair. — tpfioCanvasbacks. ea.tHMi'S
Rabbits, each . . .20«23!*imall Ducks, ea.2"iSi5
Hare, each . ...— 5201
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, dz.$3® 4iLemon». dox 15«2.1
Almond* 13&20!Oianges. doz ...Si'rf.'O
Apples 3® 8, Persimmons, lb..— OH
Cranberries qt. .— ttl5 ! Pomegr'te* lb. . — ©8
Pecans — ®20 ; Pear!i per Ib.'.. — «* H
Brazil Nuts 200 — i Pineapples. ea....23«3r)
Bananas doa . . .25^30] (juinces Ib '33 ,1
Chestnuts 15©20; Raisins" per lb.. 5S15
Cocoamuts. each..— ftlO Raspberries, dr.. .40*860
Dried Fig*, lb.. — ttlo Strawberries, per
Fresh Figs Ib...l5«2rt basket 10*81.1
Grapes per lb... — (9 8 Tan??r1ces dz...2CK23
Grape Fruit. dx.75ciO$l Walnuts per lb..U®20-
Limes. doz 1O'tI5
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes doz.75i.-tiM Onion* per lb..l«lti
Beets, dozen lOifi — Okra. dried. lb...20@—
Beans, white, lb o'a — '¦ Potatoes, Ib 1*,«2
Colored, per lb. B®- -1 Parsnips, per dz.l.'i^SO
Dried Lima, lb.— © afTUdlsh**. d« bch.13^20
Cabbage, each .. fttfilo Sage, dz bunchea25@—
Celery, head . 5©10j String Beans.
Cres*. d« biiMch.15.fj — i p»r lb 1&C12H
Cucumbers, dox.. — ©25 Summer Squash
Garlic 1O®12'-! per !b 8-ftl*-
Green Peppers, lb — ®15 Sprouts, per Ib.. ofi 0
Dried Pappera ..1(XS25 Spinach per lb. e^ S
Egg Plant —©15 Sweet Potatoes
Green Peas. lb. . 8«10; per lb '..—9 2
Lettuce, per doz.15M2t> Thymo.dx bnch».25^3(>
Leeks, dz bunrh.l34B2O| Turnip*, per dz. — CIS
Lima Bears, lb.. —^13|Tomatoe*. lb ... in %
Mushroom*, lb... — <g35i
FISH —
Barracouta — ©15i Rock-od — «15
Carp 10©l;:»4!Sea Bass — ©M
Catfish — <Ql2>4;Smelts — ©13
Codfish —@12'v Soles lOWi i .
Flounders me— Skates each 1O1»1S
Halibut ir>ic— fKqaid ' — ©—
Herring SttlOTomcod 12M/ —
Mackerel — a — .Turbot 2011 —
Do horse IS^t — iTrout — *ff —
Rockflsh — $12i~>Brook Trout .... — f» —
Salmon. fre*h,.12u.«is Whitefl3h 104J —
Do smoked.... I.'ffl2." Clams gallon ..5C9 —
Bardinea 106 — Do hardshell. lb 8«!»>
Shrimp* —©10 Crawfish, lb ..lSUiaiS
Shad 10«i— Crabs, each 2^925
Ptrlped Bas* l.va20 Mussels quart.— «» .
Perch 10« — iOyster->. Cal ]0O.4n©.v>
i Pompino — ©73i Do Eastern. dz.3O@4O
\ FAMILY RETAIL MARKEl\
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— e'-i«?7>ic fcr Sleets and 5j?6c per
Ib for Cows.
VKAL — Large, S£9c; small. 0@9i.jc per lb.
MUTTON— Wetheis, SfiSVic; £wn, »&SVjc
per lb.
LAMB— 9i;©10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hog=», 7SS1ie per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are fcr good, sound
Livestock, delivered in £an FranrUco, less . >u
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
- CATTLK— Steers, SS9c; Cows and Heifer*,
7©Sc; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — I(g4 Me per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, ;;*;'# Jc; Ewes, 3V«tf3^c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — P/i^oc per lb.
HOaa— Live Hoss, 140 to 180 lbs. {S'ie; over
ISO lbs, 5c; Sows, 20 p»r cent o.T; Hoars, 50
per- cent off. and Stag* 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Meat Market*
Bakers' AA $1 lOfil 12: I.ucol. it? for boiled
and 42e for raw; China Nut. 55@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut OH la bair*ls, OSc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil SOc: natural winter Sperm Oil 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. We; natural Whale
Oil, t:Oe : extra winter. Strained Lard Oil, 85c;
No 1 Lard Oil 75c: pure Neatsf>i: Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neats/oot Oil. Coo; light Ji'erring OH,
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43o: Salmon Oil. :iSc:
boiled Fish OH. 40c; raw Fish Oil. iSc; bulled
Paint Oil :ac: raw Paint Oil. S5c.
COAL OIL-- Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15%c; Pearl Oil lu cases. 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c; Extra Star. 20c: Elaine, 28c: Kocene,
25c; d«odor!re.l Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
in cases. 2U l ic; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; :n cases.
I'J'-jc; M^degree Gasoline. In bulk. 2lc: In
cases. 27 'Ac.
TITRPKNTINK— SOc per gallon In cases and
7-ic in drums and Iron barrsU.
ltRD AND WHITE LKAlJ— Red I^ead. 6>4O
7c per.lb; White Lead, «',i©7c. according to
quantltV. "
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotf*3 as follows., per Ib, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.c5c:
Powdered, u.fit'e! Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.-Wc: Dry Granulated, roarse.
5.40c; Fruit Graimlated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated UOO-lb b«s» only), 5.20c: Confectioners"
A. 5.40r; Magnolia A. 5c; Kxtra C, 4.00c;
<Jo!dM» C 4. SOc: -"D." 4.70c; barrels.- 10c more;
half barreis, 23c more; boxes. COo more; 60-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Halt
barrels. 5!H)c: boses, B.15c; H. A E. Crystal
li«-.miii<ip. S.40o pvr Ib. No brCtr* taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
GAME — Mallard Ducks $2 ZOfi.:? per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@4; fpri*. $202 50; Tra!..
$1 50; Widgeon, $t-.50g?l 73: email Ducks.
U 2501 50; Gray Gpese..t$3; 'White Geese. $1®
1 50j Brant. 91 25 for small and $2.fon large;
Honkers, $5 for large and $4 for small; Kng
llsh Snipe, $3: common Snipe. $175; Wild
Doves, $1 2S 1 * Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 50 for BrushjHare. $1 25@1 60. . •
.POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 18fS23c per lb;
live Turkeys, 19@22c per lb; Geese, per pair,
*l iofr'2; Goslings. $2tfJ 25; Duckp, $54g6 per
dozen for old and $r,/g; for young; Hens, $4 50
05 for small and $r.gC for large: young
Kooaters, $4 T.OtJ.V. old Roosters. $4 COS 5;
Fryers. Xl(ff4 W; Broilers; $4@4 50 for large
and ?3@S 50 for smalt r Pigeons, $1®1 23 per
dozen for old and S2&*.! 25 for Sauabv
rr.ere were no changes in Game, but the mar
ket continued weak In sympathy with Poultry
and there was quite a surplus untold at the
end of the day.
Dressed Turkeys were suddenly plentiful a^nd
there was a sharp break In prices. Ninety
cases were ¦ received. 7<> of which were con
signed to one house. Good stock was In fair re
quest at 20023c per pound, while poor lots were
bard to dispose- of .even at the minimum quota
tion. --Receipts' .of live Turkeys were light and
prices were well sustained. The chicken mar
ket continued weak with supplies still In excei's
of requirements, and dealers were making con
cessions In order to clean up. Some leading
retailers took >advantage of the opportunity to
speculate and purchaetd freely for storage pur
poses. One dealer cleaned up several coops of
fine -young 'Western Roosters for that purpose
at fi per dozen. Another car of "Western stock
was marketed, making the seventh for the
week.. - • , . ¦
Poultry and Game.
VEGKTAHLE?- Green Peas. SffGc per lb;
String I3eana. C@7c per. Hi; Wax, 5SJTc: To
matofs. 40STC0C per box for bay and '>0tfJ75c
per crate for I,os Anselee; Summer Squash
from Lou • Angeles. 75@>i5c per box; Cabb«g<f,
5»o per : otl; Carrot*. 7.">c per sack; Cucumbers
per'box; Garlic, CQ~c per lb; Egg Plant 10c
Pvr lb; Dried Peppers. Kftiic .per .lb for gtock
ton and 11<yi-lic for southern: Dried Okra,
12'^c per lb; Green Peppers. SJilOc p<?r lb;
Mushrooms". 25fii3Ue per lb; Marrowfat and
Ilubbard Squash. $HMrl2 per ton for round
lots and liftlo per lb for sacked.
....„, ; ¦: ¦¦;¦¦:. ~ . . •_
were offering at 8c per- pound and Egg Plant
from the same section sold at a sharp advance.
Xew crop Green Peppers were offering and met
"with prompt sale.
i • POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. COW
90c- per ctl; Salinas. Burbanka. '$101-4.1 per
ctl; Oregon Eurbanks. STicfttl (J3 per ctl; Kiver
Reds, C0Q<i5c per ctl; Sweet- Potatoes, UUeigJl 10
Vr ctl. - • . < '
ONIONS— $l<gl 20 per ctl.
13
THE SAN FRAN ClSLU CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1903.
Cash Quotation* were as follow*: Flour was
steady; No. » spring wheat. 78©G2e; No, 2 red.
S2<(@St.*sc: No. 2 corn. 42%e; Na.'> 3 < yellow,
44»«e; No. 2 oat». ZSGXS%c, No. -8 whit*. r,f>u,
e*7He; Xo. 2 ry«. RJc; Good feeding barley.
.V»«T37c: fair to choice malttnr. 43«57c: Xo. 1
flax seed, 02c: Xo. 1 Northwestern. ,98«4c;
prltnw timothv ee*d. $2 «5:'m»ss pork, per bbl.
fll BOffll «2H; lard, perlOO lbs, $6 47H©
• BAGS— Grain Bags. 5®5*£c; Ban Quentln,
5.55c: Wool Bass. 32Jtf3&c;. Fleece Twine. 7HW
So; Cotton Fru,U Bag*.':fl%c, 65ic and 714c lor
the three Krade*; Brown Jute. <Hi©7%c.
. CO AL— "VeUtngton, $8 per ton ; New Wel-
Ilngton. S3: Seattle, $0 SO; Bryant. $0 50; Bea
ver Hill,* $5 50;: Standard,' $7;,.Roslyn. >- $7:
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond.- Cumberland, ¦ $13 .in bulk, ami
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egs.
$14; ..Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
III BO;: Cannel, k» 60 per ton;. Coke. (11 604>
13 per top in bulk and ?15 in sacks;. Rocky
Mountain, descriptions., $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand. - ¦ •
¦¦< OILS— Quotations ar« for barrels; for, cases,
add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; ¦ Castor ; Oil, In casesy'No. 1, -70c;
GenefaL Merchandise.
(nSSt^Fa 2_ Open< HlKh : L™' Close.
December, new. SOU SOU .. 7014 79*4
JU C^rn"No.-2- T ' "* '** 7V «
December 4114 42% 41U 4JW
OaUXo-i"' ?fi «« «H ;.«%
December ...... 34*4 35 , R4^ S4T ;
May sex 37 3fi 5 .. M il
July 34 - 34 23tZ Si
Me** Pork, per bbl — /4 . ?*
December 11 27>* 11 45 11 2« n ?>!,£
"HU^'iooKJ? 11SQ ¦.»¦«*"*«
S^:2::;;:::5S8>lR^j'gH « g*j"
Short RJbi. per 100 Jb*— *
January" «,05 6,15 6 0s « 10
May. .6 22*4 «32yj,6 20 6 2TW
Condition* and price* In the Potato market
showed no change and the market .wa* "till
overstocked with low ' grade ( offering* of Bur
banks. The be»t Burbank* were lea* active
than u«ual. as buyers were holding off. pending
the unloading of the Oregon ettamer which ar
rived late in the day with 208* aacks. Sweat*
were ' in free', supply ' and weak and a car • of
fresh 'stock waa offered at oasier price*. Onions
were fairly ateady for fancy stock, but e6m
mon offerings moved *lowly. .A few amall «Wlp
ments of Green Onion* came In from Stockton
and.Bold at COc per box. > ¦ \
• Receipt* , of southern vegetable* were light
and. choice lots of Peas and Beans cleaned -up
quickly •• at firmer " rates. A : large ¦ portion '•, of
the receipts of Feat .were of poor quality, hence
the wide ranga In prices.,. Summer Squash and
fancy. Tom»toe» from Los Angeles were in good
request at steady prices, while Bay-Tomatoes,
which ¦ were plentiful.- continued .- dull. ,. Small
consignments of Lima ! Bean* *, from Coachella
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans are getting quiet ngaln and the mar
ket is assuming a holiday character. Price*
saow no further variation. " _
'-UEAXS- Bayos. $2 30®2 40; Pea. $.1; But
ters $3 23; Vmull White. $2 S5(rf3; large
Whit*- $2 4002 W:- Pink. $2 «5®2 75: Red/
13 CO- Lima $3©3 10; Red Kidneys, *4@4 2.'>;
hlackVye. « SrfiS 15 per ctl : Horse Beans. . fl au
SEEDS—- Brown Mustard.; $3: Yellow Mus
tard. « W@2 S3: ' Flax. $1 M*&1 00; • Canary.
:,iu»-r,c for Eastern; -"Alfalfa. ll«Ue; Rape.
1K®2»,bo; Timothy,-. 6©6%o; Hemp, 3Vi0Ji 3 o
per lb; Millet. 3®3Hc: Broom Corn Seed, $200
23 Dm r ED n pEAB— G»*en, : $1 60S* per ctl.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIALTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY DECEMBER 12, 1903.
14
EDUCATIONAL Cnntlnnfil. *
THE PAUL GEKSON^ch^oT^f'^Cctinri^the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalogue. N--
ll?e Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason Bt. •
HEALDtS School, of Mines A Eleetriclty,24 Post
fct.. S. V. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete e<iulDment. Special catalogue lre«.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day%evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
8th. Prof. Foster; society dam-Ins taught.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or e\-e.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6tn. t
OFFICES^
GEORGE AOKI. *21 PosfTt.: tel. Bu'sh~l__I_
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlihcs best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Pflwe.II. TeL Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Ofnce 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 8183.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlng Co. Tel.
- James lull. i'COU Brannan st.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung'a. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 42ft. j
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.'!
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
A RELIAELE^vroman wishes a position as a
working housekeeper and do plain cooking;
city or country. _41 Fremont gt.
A YOUNG girl wants a place to assist In
housework: not too far out; $15 a month.
Call at 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A GOOD German cook wishes a situation at
light housework In a small family. 477
Jessie st.. near Sixth. , .
SITUATION wanted by a young 5 lady as work-
ing housekeeper in a nice rooming house.
. Call or address 449V4 Guerrero. st., city.
WANTED— By a very reliable woman, position
. to do. housework or cooking; good reference
310 Minna Et.
ELDERLY reliable woman wants work by the
day;, willing and strong. 307 Fourth St.,
• room 47. x .,-¦:•
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
lr.g for Monday; no postals. 1203 Vallejo st.
WOMAN wants to do washing at home. 204
Ellsworth st. • , ¦•• .'
GIRL wants position to do general housework
Call, box 4S58. 4
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman would
\llke position as working housekeeper; city or
¦ country. 226% Birch ave., between Grove
iand Fulton sts. , • .
BY. expert, : fitting- In cloak and suit (8:30 .or 0
o'clock) house, or assistant fitter or cutter or
: preparing work for first-claes private dress-
maker. - Box 3782. Call office.
ARTISTIC dressmaker is open for engagement
-" as f orelady: 110 ' objection ' to ¦ San Jose or
neighboring towns. MADAME DORE, box
8717. Call. :
MIDDLE-AGED refined widow wishes .0 re~r
- from l.to 0 p. m. ; compensate for room and
board. Box 4848, Call office.
COMPETENT nuree would like a few. more pa-
tients or care of invalid. • Bl 7 Ninth St., Oak-
land. • *' ': . ¦-¦"-. ¦• •' .. . ;¦••-- .1 *"-
A GOOD German cook wishes a situation, light
¦ housework in a small family., 477 Jessie gt..
£¦ near Sixth./ ' .. ; . . •
POSITION . as ladles' nurse or companion * by
•"- intelligent <. experienced middle-aged i woman.
Box 3155, Call. ,
WOMAN wishes ' work by day; $1 50 and car
#• fare. 11S& Wildey ave. -
j EMPLOVMEXT WAXTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation.
MS Stockton et. - ' ¦ ___
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recelJ^.tV
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
) Call at Eaton'a Bazaar. Kia McAllister st.
! EMPLOY3IE>T_J^A^EJg3^^ A J^S:~~
EXGIXEEK— Stationary" steam engineer, also
is an electrician; am strictly temperate : have
had char_e of an electric llzht stationary
plant fcr ttn> past two years: have also haJ
experience wltn gas engines and in machine
*hop and am in position to do general repair-
Ing: have all tools; am a married man _»
: years old and with good habits; desire a po-
! slticn in city or country. Box 434« can.
I ' '
I MAN and wife wish eituatlons; wife can do
1 light housework, man can do any rfina ot
j work. 10-0 Railroad ave.. South ban Fran-
1 CiSCO.
WANTED— Engineer's poeition by an exporj-
enced engineer and machinist houUng a L. *•¦
Inspector's license. J. H. WILLIAMS. 204
San Jose ave.. phone Capp_2t_5t_
PAINTER, paper hanger, good tlnter and plas-
terer; works very cheap. WILLIAM HAPf.
434 Fulton St.. tel. Page 1421.
A PRUNER wants work, orchard, vines. plant-
Ing, grafting; first-class . work. O. H.. ou
Mlsstcn ft.
WANTED— By a man of 30. work of any kind
in suburb* or country; $15 a month and
found. Box 4SC8, Call office. ¦
YOUNG man, gocd worker, wishes place In
gentleman's stable; can milk; wages no ob-
I Jrct: reference;. Box 4861, Call office.
! SITUATION wanted by boy 15 years old; ref-
erences rurnlshed. Apply 10 Oak Grove ave.
I HOUSE and carriage painter, handy man with
I tools, wants worit. >'ox 4S67. Call oftlce.
j AN energetic man. with knowledge of four
languages — En^llfh. Spanish, .'rench and
Italian — deslr** a* position with seme busi-
ness firm or corporation; to farefzo country
I preferred — Central America. Cuba or PhM-
I Ippine Island*, liax 374S. Call.
t COACHMAN wants position; thorough witn
I hcrscs. carrlaze_. etc.; careful driver: sin-
gle, ml_d!e-a_ed: city or country; best ref-
iren-ea; unuerstar.ds gardening. Address
«. R., box 3720. Call o!flce^
COACHMAN with lone experience In any klna
of wcrk eround honse*. with a son 13
years old and smart for horses, also a strong
and healthy woman for housework. Box
3783. Call.
PRACTICAL pl-nlns mill man wishes - pesi-.
tlon aa assistant foreman In larger mill;
held place as manager of small mill t> years;
Falary not principal object. -Address V. K.
j HOFFMAN. S3.-IS Twenty-sixth *t.
A HANDY man would like a situation around
a urivate residence; used to care of horses;
. city or country: mure for a home than wages.
* P. R. CS Hermann st.
I ACCOUNTANT would keep books for small
" concern during leisure hours. Address box
I 4S57, Call office^ .
BARBER desires a position fcr evenings and
Saturday (.Sunday). 1410 Larkln St.. near
California. Call before 9 a. m.. between it
; and 4:30 and after s::;o p. rn.. except Sunday.
POSITION wanted — A reliable married man:
understands care of horses, carriages anU
harness and can milk: wife good cook and
laundress; reference. S. !>.. 77 Ninth st.
SITUATION wanted by an enereetlc young
man, capable of handling mining proposi-
tions. Dlarer or quartz: no objections t*j to
ing to Mexico. Address box ;»11_. Call.
YOl.'NG man e_r>eri*nced ,ln butcher business
would like position to drive wagon or in
shop, city or country. Box 4343 Call office.
WANTED — Situation as superlnttdeat or
draftsman with an architect or contractor;
Chicago experience. Bex 4S53, Call.
STEADY, sol-er man. 25. Just from back East,
t'anr.iia, wish's to work In a creamery to
learn butter- making. Box 4S4:;. Call.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wishes position: no
children: understands engine ar.d boiler*.
Box ."100. Call office.
WANTED — Situation In San Francisco whole-
tale grocery house by young man with Puget
Sound References. Address box 37-J5. Call.
WANTED — By an experienced young colored
j man. a petition as porter or janitor; best of
reference. Box 3747. Call.
HANDY man familiar with gasoline steam en-
glne. care of horses, etc. Box 3153. Call.
WANTED — Position by a registered pharr_a-
clst. Box 3170, Call.
GOOD cook, also pastry. cook, wants' position.
Box 3742. Call.
FOREMAN en 1 ranch and also a good brack-
smith wants a position. Box 3719. Call.
A JAPANESE high-school student wants a
position as -chdblboy; plain cook or waiter;
$2 week. SAKA. 807 Polk st.
JANANESE with recommendation wishes po-
sltlcn of any style; good cook; city or coun-
try; private family. Box 4S52 Call of.lce.
A JAPANESE would liki* a position aa school-
boy; speak* good English: also understands
cooking. KURODA. 1410 Pine st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position In a
small family; can cook well. HENRY. 145tt
Page St.; tel. Park SOI.
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants position;
best references. 374 Sutter st., room 5.
JAPANESE boy wants night Job washing
dishes from 7 to 10 o'clock. 119 Eddy st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co., -43-23V G«ary
it., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable fiats »d bouses are
listed In our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the 'loca-
tion you want. STERLING KL'RNITURB
COMPANY, 1039 Market st.; services abso-
lutely free. * '-.r
UNION, 1065. near Leavenworth — Upper flat. 6
rooms- and bath; lots of light and sun: fine
marine view; first-class condition; $30; water
free. '
SUNNY upper, modern flat. 6 rooms and hath:
Apply 41?4 Twenty-sixth st., near Castro.
HAIGHT, 565 — Modern flat; 5 room* and base-
ment.
FLATS TO LET — Kt'RXI.IHBD.
DTAMTTNuT'si&^FlaT"^
hot and rold water: $16.
FINANCIAL. .
COMPANIES Incor-orated. financed and stock
-floated. W. H. HITTNER. Lawyer and FJ-
nancial Agent. 3-2 Emma Spreckels bldg.
r AC-AI. MAS3AOE. >
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: Sue. M. LUTON. man!->
curing paricrs. 7B4 Larkln st.; phone Polk 17.
KVRNITtJnE FOR SALES.
FOR sale — B!_ bargain; 7 rooms, well fui>
nished. Sat. end Sun. after 10, 807 Van
Ness ave. ; several rented.
KIKXITCKE WASTED.
H1GHKST price for lurnlture and mdse. __ U.
BURP. auctloneer.lal8 Mkt.;tsl. Howard _73_.
A. WOLLPERT, 77. Mission, phone lted 44«J_.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook, no wash, country, $35; 8
girls fongeneral housework city and country,
$30-; cook for 12 people, country, $30; cook,
no washing-. Sausaltto. $30; Swedish cook,
plain washing, American family, city, $30-.
We want a larse number of jelrls for house-
work in both city and country at $20 $25
and $30. Apply to J.-F. CKOSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st. '
WANTED-r-F1rst-cl_ss English nurse for two
children, Santa Cruz. $30; Infant nurse, tf
months, city. $25; _ nurses., sanitarium. $20;
nurse for Oakland. $20; laundress, city. $30;
2 chambermaids and waitresses, country ho-
tels, $25; 2 waitresses, family hotel, city,
$25; chambermaid and waitress, family hotel
city. <25; 3 second girls, city. $25. ¦ and coun-
try. $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter ft. ¦ . ¦ - -
WANTED, at San Francisco Emp.- Bureau, 17
Fourth st. — Companion for lady, city. $13;
Scandinavian girl for housework, $25; sick
- nurse, city; light housework for 2. city, 520-
companion 'lor ; one lady, city. S3O; ttales-
ladiea. fancy" department. Oakland. $8 week.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn batrdrs-slng
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leaiir.g school ta
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring eea-
¦ son: both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers.
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. IX
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresstng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket st..' cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
A YOUNG Jady to learn the removal of super-
fluous h_fr to be ¦ assistant to a doctor. 1170
Market. ' rooms 2S, 29, from 1 to 4 p. m.
THE^CALL
• JOsrr z>. s?H_CKELS, Proprietor.
7I^tHE-_iQuisliio5i";c--^-T^3na_8r
\Y. J. MARTIN' Business Manager.
rCU-PUONR.
..tk Jor THE CALL. The Operator Will Cob
ticct You With ih« Department You Wish.
J'tifclieatlon Office Market and Third. S. F.
K.licrlal itooms _17 to 2_1 Stevenson f-u
Delivered ty Carriers. _o Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per -I^mh. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terms by Hail. Including Postage (Cash With
i'AILY CALL (includ^unday). 1 Year....$S.0»
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). C roos 4.<K)
JM1LY CAM., — By Kmgle Month 75c
fcU.NDAY CALL. 1 Yr-ar 2.50
Wi-EKLT CALL, 1 Year 1 «»
, IOREIGN 1 Daily... $8.80 Per Year Kxtra
1-GSTirr i Sun-lay.. 4.15 Per Year Kxtra
. c_TAo_,. j %YeeklJ . j 00 Pcr year Extra
ALL PCST-IASTEKS ARE AUTHORIZE-
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
t-mple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested:
HaJl n-b^cribers in ordering change -of ad-
tress thould be particular to give both^NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
jrempt and correct compliance with their re-
V^cst.
.,.,. -. OAKLAND OFFICE.
IliS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
" - BERKELEY OFFICE.
JUS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
KOKTON- K. CRANE 14'Jtf G Street. N. W.
NEW TOr.K NEWS STANDS:
W_l_crf-Astoria Hotel ; A. Brentano, 31
T'nipn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; ritth-ave-
cue Hotel and HoCman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; 1\ O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tretncnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palrr-er House.
CHICAGO P.EPKESENTATrVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-.Marquette Building
<Lcn_ Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEFHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
ICEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BC-XKESS OFFICE of Tfce Saa Francisco
Cail. corr.er Market and Third streets: open
__:il 12 o'clock ever}' night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IPOS tlarket etreet; open until 11 p. m.
127 Montgomery etrett, corner Clay; open un-
til 0:.'«) p. 13.
SOo Hares street; cpen until 9:30 p. tn.
• -¦?9 McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
3^1 Mifficn strt-et; open until 10 p. rn-
fUS ".-.::..•. street; open until 9:30 p. m.
t-Cl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un«
til 3 p. m.
Jf'« Eleventh Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
7C9G Valencia street; opfn until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church ord Duncan streets;
cpen ur.til 0 d. m.
JCcrtrm-est corner of Twenty-second an_ Ken-
tucky Ftreety; open until fl p. m.
VT'tO ytHT-o-p r tr°et: r.w n»t|i a n. Tn.
MEETISGS — THEOSOPHICAL.
Bet-r Epjptlar.. Hindco cccult: reads dally; c!r-
c>s Wrd..Frj..gun.. S p.m.: 10c. 540 Ellis St.
5IEKTIXG NOTICES.
PAST Masters' Association of Call- r_
lornia F. flr.d A. M. — Social tne«-t- f\
Ing THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING /fir.
Bt 7::jn o'clock. P. M. Decree, liy A___*
<raer cf the l"residf>nt-
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
6AX FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Kcyal J_
Arrh Masor.s. w.r-elF T)1IS <S?ATi:K-^Qf
DAY) EVENING. -I. M. DcprfM». /V\
H. <j. PRINCE. S??reta-y.
CRCCKETT Ivodse No. 139. F. and A. ft
M. — Offirerf eiid members ere re-**/x^
<iur^ed to assemble at Masonic Tern- />r\
;i1p BU2COAT. D»t. U, at •-» a. m..
;nr ihe purpose of conducti"K the funeral of
<ur dece«f«d Lrother, MARX BLl'MEN-
THAL, late ct San Jos» Iv>dge No. 10, San
Jose, Cal. By order of the IV. M.
Et. !!. MoPHEKSON, Secretary.
MISh'ION I/Odffe No M* F. an.l A. M O
Called mfH-tinp THIS -SATURDAY) YY
ATTERNOON at i o'o'.ork. Ttiir.l De- /Va
Kre-e. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. ._«e_*'».
1. 1. O. O. F.— Regular meeting .-ijSSBSjgV
T^:<= (SATURDAY) EVENING. s 3£Jg_S_S|§!
First dogree. -^3SrK$& / '
'W'M. B. CURTIS. D. M.
TO Officer- and members of
Scariillnavian Fociety — You /£j_Li£T»&5\
are hereby notified to cs«er.-.- Jgsi^i^KvV
bta at Craig. Cochran &.[$:£W I \^tnl
<"o.'p undTtaklng I'arlors. l«(^___g^yH|
4-JZ> >l . •;- avenue TO V^wl???^^/
ttO&ROW (Sundar) at 1:1.*. V»^|__^fey
I', in., for the j;urpo?e of X^/rG-V*?^
attending the funeral of our
laie mrmber. LAURITZ LAURBERG. By
ordtr of C. R. ANDERSON President.
CARL A. H.VJSTROM. Rec. Sec.
- ASTROLOGY. ~
PROF. V.ILSON, the noted scientific astroio- '
per. vivid horcscorie readings; also private
lessons; call and convince yo_ri«eir. 109 Lex-
lnrton ave. near INth and Valencia stg.
ATTOKXEI S-AT-LA1V.
W. H. BITTNER •
ATTORNET AND COUNSELOR, AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Balte __2, Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
*:ght c_uses; damages secure-d fcr injuries to
rerson or estate; replevins for prcperty un-
lawfully detained: attachments and eamlsh-
rr.er.te for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
I)roc«-e_ing6 ; wills' 1 probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. fi.
A PRIVATE, quick, civcrce for a :-r_-ill fee.
See me and Eave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 5, 1st' fl.
1122 Market et.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, ajl matters. Detectives employed]
R. W. KING. Attorncy-at-Law. Exam bldg.
Cth flocr. entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for cons_ita-
V.oti; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cont in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees in advance; open every evea-
lcg. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
Columbian Law ar.d Collection Agency.
Rocm K5. 816 Market Bt.; tel. John C2_fl.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and qu'et: open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings: tenants
ejected. $5. 9<6 Market. r.C-.-phone Black C31.
DIVORCE — Costs. $1_; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. P27 Market «_. r. 30L
I_ B. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
fcet ct.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. t_7 Market.
UI-tDS. DOGS. ETC. '¦
\TARELING canaries, talking parro_n~*s"n
kinds cf so_g and fancy birds: goldfish, seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
ycu. 1540 Market -t.
WANTED— To care for a child by a conv
petent woman: has own home. 1714 I «u,
bet. IRth and l»th aves.. Sunset district.
LADY wants care of Infant or young child
AfldTegg €7 Twelfth gt.. Oakland.
nCSIAESS CHAXCES. .
STRANGERS. ATTENTION! ~ ~
Are you looking for a safe and profitable burl,
ner* opening In San Francisco? If so. we can
effer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000; every bustness oppor-
tunity that j.ksm-s through our office must
rtand the closest Investigation, and we can
Tlace you in a etore. factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or. In fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and investigate.
OEKMA-flA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit -21. Emma Spreckels building.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. -
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
ycu Ceeire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who • w,!i invest from $100 to $.0,000; wo
have a large number of desirable applicants
ca cur book* seeking good business openiagi
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.
Suit 3,1. Emma Spreckels building.
_TOR *aie or to lease for term of years; well-
knonn estabiiFhed health resort In Lake Co..
iiic!?idi.yj 3a rurnlthfd rooms, bam, several
valuable mineral springs, plenty fresh water;
prcperty is 5 minutes' walk from Bartlett
Fprtngs Hotel. Call at 1100 McAllister st. to
j-ee owner, or address, with references. MK_.
liOPPIN. Bartlett Kj>rin_R. Cal.
A Rare Opportunity.
FOR pale — Two cold mines, placer: big pay in
tight; rear Diwson City. For full particu-
lars c_Jl or eddress Owner. 2S10 -Nlne-
'ter-ntb ncar_J»otrero ave.. Ban Fn_ncis~o
Cal.
t2T»0— RESTAURANT, (Jellcatwssen, oysters, op-
TOs''t» Ijn'rin depot, new electric and S. P.:
clraiing *70 to $S0 a month, besides living:
injury cause of selling. YATES. Lorin,
Berkeley.
WANTED — Partner with $175 in barber shop
at _C2 O'Farrsil -i. Apply at once.
ni5t\ESS CHAXCES^oajllniiejt*
H. <J. WILKE. Resl Estate and Business
i Agent <establtshed 14 years). _C»_ Kearny
; St., rocms it and 10.
A J1C0O COFFEE saloon and restaurant -n
the water front, close to Market et. ; dally
rtr-ipts about $05: business clearing $30O per
tncnth: trial given: a. ipplendld offer; investi-
gate at ence. See R. G. WILKE, -2«Va
Kearcy st.
A— $35«X>; HOTEL and barroom with 20 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
ccc_p>d by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company: owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call It. <_. WILKE. _G$i
Kearay et.
j A— $000; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; a Iron bed-teads In each room;
"yi years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone pay
Ku per month and Ealoon dclng a good bus!-
ness. See It. O. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— J35O; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearnr st.
A— $1800; HALF Interest In one of the best
corner saloons on w&ter front: lease; dis-
agreement of partner* cause of sale; will
sell whole lor $3400. Call R. G. WILICE.
26H Kearny et.
A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close
to S. P. fr*inht sheds; 8 furnished rooms
«nd kitchen: a rood paying business. _e«
H. <i. WILKE. 20H Kearny st. ;
A— JSOO; DAIRY produce and delicatessen ;
etore; rent $22; business clears above $100 |
per month: living rooms: value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
• — i
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business: or
one cartner will sell his Interest for $1000:
disagreement cause of sale. • See R. O.
WILKE. 20 % Kearny st. |
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery; close to :
Phelan building; a good paying business, I
fcut mu*t be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick in hoesital. Particulars R. G. >
WILKE. 2SH Kearny st. J
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mascn sts.; net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege cf 5 years more; value in sight. Call
- R - __. w 2p KE - - 6 % Kearny st.
A— ?C50; CIGAR stand on Montgomery et.; a/I
S700 cigar stand en Ellis st. ; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand en Third st.: stock
•t invoice: a $400 cigar stand on Eddy St..
stock at invoice. Call R. G. WILKS. 26!.
Kearny ct.
A— $1250; COFFEE ffalocn on Geary st.: rent
$45. R. O. WILKE. 3CH Kearay st. .
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with 5 acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter house, shop fix-
tures, boiler, tanks, etc.; S horses, wasona
and a well established trade; this is a first-
class business proposition. All particulars,
R. G. WILKE. •MVt Kearny St.
A $3500 corner salocn. about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
firct-class paying place; fullest investigation
eollcUed: this is a very rare chance. Call j
R. G. WILKE, 29Vj Kearny it. I
MUST be sold at once to clore out stock; first- j
class stock of family groceries, fixtures. 4 ;
horses, 3 wagons: all at a discount; don't
miss for a g<x>d business buy or j»s an in- '
vestment: owner positively mii.^t and will |
sell, as he has interests In Nevada which ',
he must attend to at once: Ftock will in- j
voice JtJOOo. u. W. AUSTIN 10C2 Broad-
way. Oakland.
FOR sah»— One of the largest, best located !
brick livery stables; lonp l^ase at moderate |
rent; doing large business payinjr nice month- j
ly jircJIt: ,„ j n good shipe anil attractive sta- '
lile proposition: principals only. Apply Scott i
6 Wauiifr. hay merchants. 615 Sixth ft. i
I DESIRE to meet parties of some means with !
view of incorporating commercial company: i
export trade; have means to Invest myself; ¦
bis proposition, x Y Z, box 4SCS, Call office, j
HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invest? '
Write 'us for particulars; agents everywhere, i
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 70S Market j
Et.. Fan Francisco. Cal. |
A GROCERY end liquor -tore at Invoice; sun- .
ny living rooms, with bath; pric? fSOO; rent !
$20. A. STENBERG & CO., 783!i Market, i
A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house: good lo- i
cation; low rent: steady boarders; no agents 1
licx -SC3. Call office. :
FOR sale — Dental practice, established » years. !
Instruments and furnished house cf 7 rooms, !
$1000; or dental practice $500. Box 4SC2, Call, j
NOTIONS, candy, light groceries; cheap rent; i
four f.ne living rooms. 1300 Sanchez st: take i
Castro-st. car. corner of Twenty-sixth st.
DELICATESSEN store with home boarders !
and three living rooms; rent $20; must be '
sold. Call 410 Ninth st. /
FOR eale — A gun and bicycle house; good lo-
ration and business: pood reason for selling, j
For terms epply 823 J Et.. Sacramento. Cal.
PARTNER wanted with $400 In old established !
coal business. 1)42 Geary Bt. !
EALOON and grocery for sale: cor. of Fifteenth ;
ave. and Q st. South; established 14 years.
GROCERY and bar for sale; price $1500. 124
Davis st.
lodgi.\g-houses fur sales.
h. cTdecker. ~~
H. C. DECKER, Phone John 631.
H. C. DECKER.
f>06 MARKET ST. 908 MARKET ST. !
OVER 27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN
PAN FRANCISCO. i
JUST? A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms: north of Market st $1400 ;
ONLY $600 CASH REQUIRED.
8 rooms; Hyde and McAllister sts $500 1
25 rooms; ore floor; rent $70 £l55O !
_1 rooms; electric lighted; rent $50 $850
ONLY $350 CASH REQUIRED.
22-ROOM HOUSF, NEAR 1>O\VELL AND
O'FARRELL.
LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE.
ROOMS ALL LIGHT AND
SCNNY; CLEARS $150 $2500
32-ROOM HOUSE ON _ PROMINENT STS.;
CLEARS OVER $300 PER MONTH ... $3000
57-room house; near Palace Hotel $2000
40-room house; near Miss'on and Second.. 1000
Til-room house; grand bargain $1500
30-room boarding house; clears $300 S45OO I
Hotel and bar: CO rooms $0000 |
0 rooms; roust sell; only J100 I
7 rooms; a snap , $75 I
12 rooms; Pine and Hyde fits. ; a beauty..$(J50
17 rooms; O'Farrell st. ; see it tHOO
20 rooms; North Market it.; rent $e0. . . .$ii50 i
II rooms; rent only $35 r<50
12 rooms; Mason st.; snap $450
1!_ rooms; rent $50; money-maker $1500
100-room corner house j . .$750*)
lW>-room apartment house $1-1 (WO •
110- ROOM HOTEL $l_.000 !
6 rooms ami bath; upper flat S5"_ '
00- ROOM HOUSE; MUST SELL; SMALL " I
AMOUNT CASH: EASY PAYMENTS:
SURE TO CLEAR $250 PER MONTH. $3500
$100,000 TO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
H. C. DECKER. 908 Market st.
DECKER WILL SELL YOU A ~
HOUSE FOR CASH.
DECKER WILL SELL, YOU A
HOUSE ON EASY PAYMENTS.
DECKER WILL LOAN YOU
MONEY ON ANY HOUSE.
JO BUY. SELL-OR EXCHANGE SEE
DECKER. OOa MARKET ST., cor. Stockton.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone 1050.
3 Eddy st., c.or. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r.; rear Market; lease: $600 down.. $2250
60 r. ; rent $300; Market; clears $300 mo. _(*>0
7 r.; Van Ness; rent $22 50; home 223
20 r.; new. mod., elegantly furnished.. 2600
11 r.; rent $C0; new; fine fur.; clears $17 850
9 r. ; Ellis; rent $35; fine home; snap.. 550
«8 r.; cheap rent; clears $300 .to $400. 8500
30 r.; rent $95; good fur.; clears 5100. 2000
12 r.; rent $40; close In; well fur. COO
8 r.; up. flat; everything mod.; departure 750
3 r.; rent $20; cor. flat; I_-av. ; snap 223
20 r. ; new house; furniture; clears $SO 25(>i
8 r. ; rents $50; modern; finely furn 501
1*2 r. ; rent $80; lease; clears $100 1700
11 r.; Eddy;rent $50;wellfur.;clear* $38 750
34 r.; fine; downtown; makes big money 3200
8 r.; rent $42: modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
14 r.; rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets. 900
12 r. : close In; well fur.; bargain llOti
18 r-: fine corner; new and elegantly -fur 2400
17 r. ; downtown; always full; clears $115 1600
8 r. ; close In; eolden oak; moquet car-
pets, hair mattresses; cost $1500; Inc.
$GS; snap 000
7 r.; rent $40; middle fiat; oak fur...-. 350 (
21 r.;rent $S5;well fur. ;leas?;clears $100 17uo
14 r.; cheap rent; good fur.; snap 000
11 r. ; rent $40; newly re_ov.; clear $13 500
17 r,: central; Post; part cash Il(»0
44 r. : rent $44; big money-maker 3000
25 r.: rent $70: oak fur.; leaving city.. 1350
60 r. ; new, mod. building: elegantly ;ur. ;
central; long lease; must be sold: oSfer
• wanted
10 r.; mod. flat: elegant fur.;dears $54;
cost $_200; will sacrifice; must leav»
city
Dr.: flat; rent $40; mod. ;clears $45; de-
parture 450
SPLENDID, quiet, eminently respectable little
house; near theaters, restaurants and the re-
tall shopping district: 5 minutes' walk to
Ktarny St.; clears $65; clean, complete, com-
- fortable; an honest bargain; cold on account
of departure. MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Ex-
amlner building.
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
. TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S53,
CALL OFFICE.-
A— $3000: PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R, C..WILICK. 26H Kearny st.
S6 ROOMS; $3S00; rent $2 CO per room;' new
fcldg.; new can>et_; good furniture: sunny
.¦ rooms; 51-00 caih. 6 Eddy nt. room 100.
CABPKT 1IEATIXQ AXI) CLEAMXG.
AIK compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, v.-lthout removal or Injury, prices mod-
crate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call blrj.; phone Main .'.237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. .155-367 Tehima st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopkc Bros.; carpet beating: mattresses
made over. 1432' Howard; tel. South 210.
W ESTE RN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO!) Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c: tel. Ml3slon 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 39 i. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propa.
! RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
ZXl Golden Oate ave. : telephone East 12«.
CtfBES JB-TPT-TBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 1200 Market's-.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSsT'HoV-S-B Callaghan bld_?~M_jket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun.
<!tr. the only, device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14 »3 Market. nr.Eleventh I
— No charge for extracting when 'plates are j
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per eel; extracting COc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 60; fillings. E 80c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and was.
jante 4 -. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st>
.A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM, eurgeon dentist,
room 14. Phglarv building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dentafparlors. 235 Kearny. cof. Bush—
Set teeth $1 fO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fllllnss. 75c; silver. 35c; crowrs. $2; no
, pain: ope n Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewKt.204 Slitter.
rmEssiiAicnns axd seamstresses
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
... art's button & buttonhole factory. 11U Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure:eve.clas«. 101f> Mrkt.
¦ ¦ EDPCATIOXAlL.^^^^ _ ;^_
HEALL>'_ BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, 1
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
- and nicht cessions; illustrated catalocus free.
AYKES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. |50: day and evening sessions. -
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larktn »t.
."A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; ' modern methods; individual . ln-
ttrui-tlon. Wjjte for : illustrated catalogue.-.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough • school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
* between Pine and California; both adult and
¦ children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
¦ • for .the university, lay and i medical ; colleges:
ref.;' President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and eveninc sessions." Phelan btdg.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238
Market at. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening-^esslons; write for catalogue.'
ENGINEKRING-^Clvll, elec. rain., mech.. eur-
¦ vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.;'e«t. 1864.- Van
V der Nalllen School. J13.FnItop.-nr. City; Hall.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary,. t.; call 2 to B.
SCHOOL OF. ILLUSTRATION.. ;.".... Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class. ,
SPIRITPAL,ISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans; noted psychic for elate-
writSng and clairvoyance: s'.amp for circular.-
1112 Eddy Ft..' nr. Octavla: phone Scott 8S7.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to .4: seance* Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge. No Charge
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If J fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart la true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; in
fact. I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
tetter than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
ftore lo«t energy; 10 a. m. to S p. m. : Sun. 2-fl.
326 O'Farrell St.; low fee thla week— $1. $1. 51.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS'
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at J7 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
, lairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; rea_in_-» by mall. Tel. Blck 4509.
A '¦ LIVORNO,
The World-Renowned Palmist :
And Crystal Gazer.
S4 Kearny nt., over Hammersmith & Field's:
see portrait of JIme. Livorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; o questions by mail, $1. Send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at- 1104 Market
«t., cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full, life. $5» send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofnee,
Wells-Farpo money order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
eence. 400 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, paimist, clalrT
• voyant, card reader; when others fall try in«"
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. avo
A — Mnie. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MME. MARCEAU, card reader; ladles 25c;
gents. 50c; hours. 1 to 0. '£45 Minna 'st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader re^
moved from 132 Cth to 23^ Cth; la. 25c, g. 50c.
MISS ZEMCAR. young gifted claif. and palm.;
names: L. 50c;G.$l. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader tn | city
2C»_ Kearny, . room 20; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. SHAKER, clairvoyant, card reader; »lt-
tln-s dally. - 44S% Jessie nt.. bet. Sth and 6th.
- COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
'CO.. 41B Montgomery, rooms " 9-10; tel. SSSfl.
CS-OIT CIiOTHIBSS.
c;"f! ~ adams '. : "co.'~-~ ~~~~~~ .""•¦. ..A'
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole I amll/ from ' hats to
chocs; everything up to date at ca-h prices.
Credit for all. 318 Maacn st. .; ->^~;
BUY your suits and overcoats at'LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.; 23 Stockton i sC - on small
wtekly payments; goods delivered , on " first
payment.
SEWIXG UACB1NC OPEnATORS AND Ri\-.
, ETERS: NO EXPERipXB NECESSARY-
PAID SALARY. LF/VI STHAtTSS & C O*4
FACTORIE3. S2W FHEMONT ST. AND ls;^
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Gfrraan girl f«r upstairs work an1
care of baby: waxes *-*«> to %-$¦ Call j) lo
10:."0 a. m.. 517 1'uena \ teta ave.; Halshi-
•t." car. tet off at Central ave.
WANTED— Woman to do general bous«work.
Apply 440'i Second st.
GIRL, to assist with general housework. Apply
-0 Hill st.
A YOUNG lady to learn the removal of super-
fluous hair to be assistant to a doctor 1170
Market st.. rooms 2S and 20. from 1 to t
p. m. -
LADIES to learn barber trade In 8 week3 -ni
ladies' halrdreyslng In 4 weeks: manicuring
and facial nasngt also taught In __on_al
time. Mohler System College. 6S5 Clay »t.
WANTED — ETperienct-d rotlon and lace sal»»-
woman. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. a:
HALE BROS.'
SALESLADIES wanted. Call at J. M. LEVER
* CO.'S. cor. Powell and Geary sts.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 0 »nd U a. m. at HALE EROS'
CASHIER: trust nnderstand booUkeeplnc. H.
LESSER. 015 Market at. .
WANTED^ — A refined business woman for very
desirable position to travel. Kox 3157. Call.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
I' M G. Carrett. Instructor. Cf>_ Montgomery-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
I Call Dranch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
I A BRANCH o.'nce of The Call for the rec-p-
1 tlon of advertisements and subscriptiona has
I been evened at IOCS Market »t.. oppasits
Fifth-. Open UTitU 11 p. m. .
; HELP WANTED — 51 ALE.
A^M*URnAY & READYToToHirCTajTst!
1'hone Main Mi*.
Leading; Employment and Labor Agents.
190_ We Gave 1»« We'll Glv«
45.COO Men Work. CO.UOO Men Wcrk.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
Eosa here. PANTRYMAN, $40 and found.
FOREMAN ORCHARD VINEYARD.
GOOD WAGES FOR Al MAN.
Painter. strlp«r. etc.. city.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
MAN and WIFE. cook, mine town. $30 fd.
_ lumber craders. bc?» here. $73.
Man and wife, ranch. &!3 and found.
Tinsmith, city; carriage trimmer.
LOOK. I5OSS HERE.
Pantryman also bell boy. ?U>. ?15 and fd.
Choremdn, private residence, $."5 and found.
Iiu__y washer and harness cleaner. $10 fd.
LOOK. BOSS HERE.
Man end wire, man __ choreman, wif« as
_l*'RRAY & READY, di and 6CG Clay st.
OYSTER man %lo and found: cook, country.
$75 and found: cook and w'.fe. country. *IOS
nrd found" 2 m<»n to rais* beans on fharm,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 6_S Sac
ramento Bt,
ANDRE'S office. S17 Stockton gt.— Woodchop-
pers. Lake County. $1 .*><> a cord. Ions Job;
boy ' to run elevator. $5 a week; waiter.
|1O SO » week: omnibus. $^O: second, cook,
$C0; farmer and wife. $lo: waiter. JI5. etc.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 3d St.. tel. Bush 4C-.
« coal miner?. Oregon. fre«f far*. $1 per ton.
2 Scandinavian quarts miners. $-". per day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 5U Third St.
AT "E. &. B." It. R. LABOR AGENCY.
«3S Commercial st. Phone Front S3.
Rynd.on. Nev. — Free Fare.
C5 tunnel men ?. . ..$2 60 a day
SO laborer* and muckers. $2 to S- 23 a dajr
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
20 *lx and elsht horse t-am«ters. $2 50 a day
f 20 _ ana 4 horse tearc«tera. $_ to 52 _5 a day
60 plow-holder* and laborers. $2 25. $2 day
"E. & B." LABOR AGEN'CY.
C33 Commercial st. Phone Fror.t .T).
A HOTEL GAZETTE. _6 Montsorr.ery. r. 12.
Baker for country bakery. $17. free- fare.
A !• y--" "
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay »t.
BARBERS— Special meeting MONDAY, Der.
14. Nomination of officer* for the ensulr<
*¦-!_ will b« made. All should b« present.
By crder o* the union.
J. R. BLIELY. Secretary.
TAILORS — r?u-«helmsn wasted. Apply ready
for wcrk. S. N. WOOD & CO.
SALESMAN for boys' and children's clothlne.
Apply before 9 a. m.. S. N. WOOD & CO.'S.
SALESMAN of Kood appearance for ta'.lorina;
department: reference required. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
COLLECTOR for Insurance route. Call at Cal-
laschan Bld_. cor. Market and McAllister,
bet. S end 10 a. m. E. R. MclTATH. Aast.
bupt.
WANTED — Thoroughly reliable youns nwa
for clerical work and collecting: bonds • an^
references required; salary $40. Box 4869.
Call office.
DRIVER wanted who has had experience- In
driving llfrht delivery wajon In Western Ad-
dition. BLUM'S confectionery. Polk and
Sutter ets. |
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form «ho«« at $2 CO. or
orthopedic shoes. $-1 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bigg.. 5 doors from Market.
TOT.'NG man stenographer, bright, capable,
with experience: references and salary ex-
pected. Box 2O4S. Call office.
NIGHT Janitors wanted;- must fce good scrub-
bers. Apply superintendent's office. th» Em-
porlum.
TRAVELING salesman for summer line dry
goods specialties direct from mill to retail
trade. Lakewood Co.. box 414. Philadelphia.
BOOTBLACK wanted: Italian that speaks
English: drive wagon. Deck«Iman Eros.. 106
Ellis st. ¦¦ ¦'".;.,
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
Is earnestly requested to write to his bcttow-
. Ing mother, or come home.
WANTED — Experienced grocery and l!quor so-
Hctor for family trade. Apply E. BEARDS-
LEY. 1126 Clay St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Good meat cook with reference*.
Box 4SC4^ Call office.
MUSICIANS to join military band. 323 Bush
st.. third flcor. room 4.
A FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 904H Fol-
.eom st.
Saturday afternoon and Sunday;
union man. 1741 Mission, st.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday. 803 Four-
tegnth St.. Oakland.
STEADY man as dishwasher; also cook used to
ga_ cooking: small place. 211 Sixth st.
BARTENDER. 720 Kearny _t.
FEEDER for Job press. EDW. B KNOWI__3.
_4 Second st.
WANTED — Ycung man who Is experienced ta
men's furnishings. Apply between 9 and
11 a. in. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
bundle wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m at HALE BROS.'
BOY with some knowledge of bakery wor>Jk_
wanted; German preferred. 413 Third st.,.H .V
WHY pay W_ prices to have your shoes half-
soled when ycu can get It done for 25c. 50a
•cd 60c while you wait at C63 Mission *t..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. T
WANTED— For. U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and ;:3;
cood character: must speak, read and wTlt-
Ennllsh: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war tn all parts of tn» world, on land In our
. Island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. aad
401 K St.. Sacramento. CaL
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, w*
have an opening whereby you ean earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation:
good address, bustness knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 10. Columbian bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; on» who .
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL. A CO..
711 Market st.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearlcg. good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and good case taker: no traveling;
- talary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, haa
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
-17 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $t and
$1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
¦ expresa or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellia St. ; 14
years' practice; references Ironi thousands ot
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
FOR sale— Cheap, 2 barber chairs. 2 mirror*
and pete, etc. Apply 346^ Seventh st.
FOR sale — Barber shop; bargain. 2321 al_1
meda ave.. Alameda.
FOR sale— 1 barber chair. 4 oak sitting, 1 ralrW
rcr. boiler, pole; cheap. 303^. Brodertck.^
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue raail-d.
8. F. Barber School. 741A Howard at.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40 Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Po-t.Q.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a lance stock o.
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 34 at.
PUBLISHERS' ANNOUNCEMENT. 1
'THE SUNDAY GALL has completed an arrangement whereby I
fl its Want Advertisers may obtain without additional cost a 1
full size copy of the famous groyp picture of all the Presidents of 1
A Genuine Photogravure Reproduction from the I
. Original OH Painting I
I REDUCED FAC SIMILE. FULL SIZE OF PHOTOGRAVURE, 16x20 INCHES. < 1
CopTrig-hted, 1901. All rig-hti reserved. n
I! PRESIDENTS of the UNITED STATES
; | ARTISTIC :: PATRIOTIC :: HISTORIC U
! i I Every art lover and every patriotic American should own this magnificent photogravure reproduction |
j from the famous oil painting. K
1 The Portraits of the Presidents 1
I Were painted from the most authentic originals, and in point of expression and fidelity in the matter of dress fl
; each is a masterpiece. In the backgrounds are ft
Fourteen Typical Scenes in American History |
i Beginning with the Liberty Bell, as if the note of American Independence, and closing with Ad- n
: ! miral Dewcy's Victory at Manila, while over _11 are draped the graceful folds of the Stars and Stripes. The fl
! ! picture is reproduced by the photogravure process on the finest quality of heavy plate paper and is not a |S
I ; cheap steel engraving. jy
j Given Away to All Want Advertisers in the |
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
' I Bring your little Want Ad to The Call Business 1
Office, Third and Market streets; 1008 Market I
I ) street, city, and to The Call Branch at 1 1 18 Broad- |
i way, Oakland, and get one of these beautiful pre- |
miums absolutely free. |
| This offer opens Friday morning and closes Satur- |
day night at '10 o'clock sharp. 1
I IN THESE COLUMNS YOU CAN SELL YOUR WARES AND GAIN YOUR WANTS. J ITeamster's Bad Accident.
Owen Hughes, a teamster, living at
3 Hollis street, while driving a coal cart
on Fourth street, near Brannan. was
thrown to the ground. The wheel of
the cart passed over his right le?.
breaking it in two places. After treat
ment at the Central Emergency Hos
pital Hughes was removed to 8t>
Luke's Hospital.
In an inquest on the. body of Val
entine Kendall, held ¦ yesterday, the
jury censured his employers for neg
ligence. Kendall was a pile driver
working for Robert Wakefleld and on
November 27 was struck by the ham
mer and killed. The verdict reads as
follows: ' "
"We, the jury, find that Valentine
Kendall came to hla . death from in
juries received by the lowering of the
hammer of a pile driver and we find
further his employers* guilty of gross
negligence and carelessness in not
having chuck3 under* tho hammer and
a proper code of signals."
Robert Wakeflcld Censured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SATURDAY. DECEMBER 12, 1903.
15
MO\K\ TO I.«»A*— Cwinflnn*^ j
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people on
their rote without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates: no commis-slon. NA.
• TIONAL CKEDIT CO., CS and t» Dononoe
j buildlne, 1170 Market st.
I - __— —
I MONEY loaned to salaried people, i-etallmer-
I chants teamstors bcardSng-tiousss. without
security easy payments: largest business In
4<> principal cities. Tolman. 553 I'airott b'.dg.
HIOHLrY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamoncs. Jewelry, at
2 r*T cent interest., liaidwin Jewelry
MB^larket; tel. Main 1C44. Branch. 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Gia'nt ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diar.-.nnds pearls and precious «tunt-s bought
st W. J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et. |
! NEW easy method— To wage-earners on untn-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fld « 1 > t y
Loan Company, rooms 4S-4'J, Chranic.e bldg.
TO salaried people without security: en f^ni-
tur*>- indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
! Discount Agency. 143 Phelan buiMing. ,
I AT Icwpst rfttes on furniture and pianos; strict
Privacy no commlwior.Mnstallinpnts accepted.
i BONELLI. 3C1 Eddy. Conservatory building.
! OPFV Credit *.("•' n, loans on salar'es confiden-
tially; new.simple plan. Room 50. Silt Market.
' Vr ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIX. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
' 1 PER cent on furniture, or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Eavineg Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.- i
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 5CS Kea.rny.
j STAR Loan Co. of Wydming loans money to
salaried employe?. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.b'.d.
' CASH loaned salaried people on r.otef without
l^doreer. MORELL. tra> Examiner building.
BliTSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
GAINS:
Collard $35; Emerson, $C5; Filsher. $70;
Miller. fl75; Chickering, $lti7; American,
I1C5 Heine. ?2:13; Haynes. $150: Steinway,
$1S5- Steiawax, large style, $.525, and fifty
others Rents, $2 up; inf tallments, $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary street;
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. bldg.
WE rent the best piano In the city for $3 per
month; we allow six months' rental and
cartage (J20) off purchase price, thus giving
you a six months' trial of the Instrument for
nothing: our terms and prices cannot be
equaled in San Francisco. .
SCOTT-CCRTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayes ft.
A FINE Tot of second-hand uprights from $50
up. Including such makes as Chickerlng, Vose,
Kroner. Curtaz. Kirkham, Pease, Hardman,
Marshall & Wendell, Baus and others. BENJ.
CL'RTAZ & SON. 10 O' Farrell et. No
branches in San Francisco.
j LOW prices, easy terms and good coods are
what we offer: Behr Bros., liaumeister
planes and Simplex Piano Players are what
you want. CaJI and select now. THE. ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 70U Market.
! A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age piar.rs and furniture selling to pay etor-
are: dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage, 1638
¦ Market et. Open evenings.
I BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris. maUer;
Gu? Maiwalo. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O" Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
$G5 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 210 McAllister st.
I ALMOST cheaper than firewood; storage pianos
& furniture. 1CIC Market ft. Open evenings.
j ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or install-
ment. SCHMIT7. & CO., 10 McAllister St.
j BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
pcrffct order; sacrifice. Keeffe'8,283 O' Farrell.
! SOHMER, Byron Mausy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
! SUPERIOR violir.F, zithers, old and r.ew. H.
MULLER. makgr, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
! TO LEAF E— In center of wholesale district;
large, light bastment with concrete floor: SE.
cor. Market and Second sts.: 05x175: will bs
put in good condition: rent reasonable.
FHAIXWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 21S-220
Montgomery st.
; 2 LATW5E stores and finished basements; side-
walk elevator; Valencia St.," near 10th. For
, further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
; & CO., 2i» Montgomery st.
LARGE stnre with living rooms and b«*se-
ment. 1413 Castro St.: rent $15; water frze.
. PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since
Jan. 1 1903. &. for the ensuing 30 days only.
1 win rrak* a liberal reduction -from all
prices for my epeclal deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug store windows may be seen at my
i efflce this week from 10 to 5. in order to ac-
i commodaie those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
JS1 O" Farrell st.. sear Larkln. Call cr write
for book explaining method. __I_L____
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching eealp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk.
I A — COME and let our doctors give you free
I examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY, 1500 Mission ft., cor. lUh.
NOT how cheap but bow good Is the motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVAN'S, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Centra: Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.. ¦
ccrcer Sutter et. : fee moderate. .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
. eases positively cured by Willow' Bark Co.,
lSCO Polk st.; consultation fre«»: call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed". Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203; phone South 781.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. LonSoa
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutcsla Hall. Howara et.. nr.
9th: Prof. Fester: society dancing taught.
FINE Konuln-? diamonds, watches, Jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. a. Ritter. 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE' co«»i"~»s. play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order oa installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc r.eeile. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse,.117O Market.
THE bcrt place to buy good umbrellas or have
them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dre*s pants $2 5oT
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1; at nil druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs." & Miss Eaton.- 1113 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
. * -been ooened- nt 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. ODi»n until II n. n».
1 "™^"™ ™"* — ""*"— *" — "** ¦— — —^™^—— — — — m
PALM-&THV.
MME. DEVAP. wirntlfic palmist and astrolo-
jr'itt; pslm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tuesday eve. also. J33 Post st.
MME. NEERG AARD'S class in palmistry be-
Bins l>ec. J. S p. m. 242 Poet St.;. terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSKLLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tuyjor et.. near Geary. Phone- Black 561.
"PAPERHAXGIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
CALL at 627 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154 for
pap^rhanglng, painting and paper cleaned.
Papering; reasonable' rates; tinting, painting.
lUrtnwnn Paint Co.. 319 3d; tel. Main' 413.
PHYSICIANS, AXD SCRGEOKS.
DR. C/C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
102114 Market st.-r-tx-t. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BL»')OD. tkln and rectal diseases a specialty
Da. BALL. 1073 '.4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. %VONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all direas?* of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
catcd at (i67 Geary et., near Leavenworth. 1
DR. TONG PO CIIY. succewor to Dr. LI Po
Tal.iherb rt-^tor. cures all diseases of human
by use of hf-rbs and teae. 727 Washington fct.
DR. It. C. WONG. 710 Post St.; -all diseases
• cured by Chinese h«-rbs; consultatioq free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctcr— AH dis-
'is<t; cared by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay St.
_ JTYPE Ull j^KRS^AXU~SUPpElEs7~
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1i
- t-"m:th Premier, $25; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals 50. The
Typewriter Exchange; 53C California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. &. M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
KCtnery-et. ...
2D-HAND typewriter, sola, rented, repaired.
"Webster Trpewrlte^Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
I HOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infnrn.
WASHINGTON ave., 2O>6, nr. Ninth & Mission
— 3 unfurnished rooms and bath; $12 month.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4i 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Qttll Branch office.' cor. Duncan & Church sts.
. A BRANCH of flee of The Call tor the reeep-
t len of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 j Market it., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXDnOARD^^^
a^^'^ hoteiTbaltimore,
van ne£s ave., near geary st.
american plan.
phone private exchange 706. .
select first-class family hotel. ,
• HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE' MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS. -»
A HOTEL HATTON •
S. E. COR. PINE. AND TAYLOR—
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is slt-
• uated In the city's awellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveniences: will be ready
'for occupancy Dec. 15: reservations can now
be made on premises dally. ;
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market St.— A
strictly first-class family and tourist Kbtet cf
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A- THE DRESDEN- ¦ — —
. SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOtTSE. 1442,
FULTON.BET. BRODERICK AND-BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location In
..modern, I elegantly furnished - private home;
'table unsurpassed; marine view.
FAMILY boarding-house, 1070 Valenrfa; flrst-
class board, elegantly .furnished; terms mod-
. erate.v. ,- . ¦ '
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary . st. and Van Ness
"ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
Xlrst-dass family "'hotel: table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California St.— At-
¦ tractive' 1 and sightly rooms; best table and
- s service;; lowest rates,
O'FARRELL, 308— Furnished rooms; home
¦ cooking;. German family; $6 per wee.k.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only:
: $10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles' 20o dos.
¦ NEW , HOMF. S. It. ; CO. 1051 Market st.
, !,.^ - ,: „ J. SP _ E ?? A _ J LI _ S T:^., ,.,^ ,.:,-^^
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
, positively . cured ; new method; 1 week's treat.
.. ' nent-Tree. •¦• Dr. Cottlngham.: 204. Sutter st.
A — EMPORIUM Storage 4: Van Co.; furniture,
¦* household goods' stored, moved,* shipped. 725-
731 -Howard st.;' nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
.'flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prtve. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and" merchaii-
'. dlte. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone Ea«t 123.
GOLDEN" West Storage;, advances made; 840
' Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage, and Furniture Moving Com-
> pany.\ 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main IMP. Shipping at cut rates.
STt'TTERIXG A^ p . STAMMERIXO '
MELBOURNE Bchool, Van Ness-Market— Cur*
in every case; Individual teaching: no mtdl-
cine.. Inquire Into wonderfnl cures:home cure.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS^-Estate of HEINRY
BOEHM, also known as HENRY BOEHM.
deceased— Notice Is hereby given by the -
undersigned, JOHN FARNHAM. as admin-
istrator of the, estate of HEINRY BOEHM,
also known as HENRY BOEHM. deceased,
to the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to ex-
hibit '¦ them; with the necessary vouchers,
within four months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administra-
tor at tho offlco of his attorney, CABLTON ;
' W. GREENE, at room 70, Chronicle bulld-
. Ing, at the junction of Market, Geary ' and
I Kearny streets, the same being, his place for
the transaction of the business of the said
estate In the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM, administrator of the estate of HEIN-
RY BOEHM. also known as HENRY
BOEHM, deceased. Dated at San Fran-
cisco, November 28. 1903.
NOTipE TO CREDITORS — Estate of
CHARLES , WHITE, deceased — Notice Is
hereby given by the undersigned. . JOHN
- FARNHAM," as"-admlnlstrator of the estate
of CHARLES WHITE, deceased, to the
credlton of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit -them,
with the necessary vouchers,, within four
months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said administrator at the of-
flce'of h'.s attorney, CARLTON W. GREENE,
at room 76, Chronicle building, at junction
of Kearny, Geary and Market streets, the
same being his place for the transaction of
the business of. the said estate In the City
and County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
'fo.nia.- JOHN FARNHAM, administrator of
the estat« of CHARLES WHITE, deceased.
CARLTON W. GREENE, attorney for ad-
ministrator, rooms 73. 76 and 70, Chronicle
1 building. Dated at San Francisco, Novem-
ber 2S. 1903.
REDEMPTION of Bonds — Notice is hereby
given that, in accordance with the terms of
the bonds Issued by the Nevada County Nar-
' row Gauge Railroad Company, the directors,
determined by lot the numbers to be re-'
deemed at Welle. Fargo & Co. Bank, In the
city -Of San Francisco, Cal., on the 2d day
cf January, A. D. 1JXH, with the following re-
; sultr Nos. 170, 1(53. SS. 151. which bonds will
/ be paid in United States gold coin on said 2d
dRy cf January, 1904. upon surrender of same,
with coupons attached, and Interest thereon
will cease from and after that date. F. G.
BE ATT Y, secretary the Nevada County Nar-
row Gauge Railroad Company, office Grass
Valley. Cal., Grass Valley, December 8. 1003.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
•bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House. San Francisco, California, Novem-
ber 18. 1903. .
i Sealed ' proposals or bids -will be received at
this otflce at "or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
• on Wednesday. December 23. 11*03. for the
construction of a . section of seawall and
wharf along same tp be located between
King and . Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, In accordance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of tne Board and adopted by the
LSoard August 27. 1DU3, and on file In this
office, to which special reference Is hereby
made. The work to be done under theso-
EpeciflcatlonB consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall 'and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will'
' contain 30,000 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
With the water front line, six hundred ; (GOO)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construe- I
tion of tho seawall and end embankments
will consist Of stone not subject to decom- •
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air.
Two- classes of stono will be recognized.
The first class will Included stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet: no objec- '
tion will be made to stone larger than four
. cubic feet: this class of stone must be freo
I uf seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class Will Include stone -of less
than 6ne cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
ao .stone "less than, five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry. . _. ¦
The materials for the construction' of, the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties ot first- class, close grained. Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
, chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
. bolts, spikes, t etc.. all. of the best quality
" and subject to a rigid examination.. ...
No bid will be K received unless It Is made
on a blank form furnished . from this office
and is accompanied by a certified check for
- five .per cent of - the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary of 'the Board. a» a guarantee on the
part of : the ¦ successful bidder that he-' will
within. six (.6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter «ntn -e, written contract to do
said work, according to the plans and speci-
fications prepared therefor, '¦ and will . also'
execute and -file with this Board , a bond In
- such sum as the Board may deem adequate
with/ a surety - company, t? De approved by
, the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
• of such contract;; nor will said bid be con-
sidered by .this Board unless delivered, to the
secretary or to the * assistant secretary, at
theoffice of the. secretary, at or Prior ' to
- 2'15-o'clock;p-'ni.\ on .Wednesday, December
'"""23 1003. at which "time and place "the .bids
will be opened. ¦ , L
Tho board r«P*rves the right to - reject any or
nil • bids If deemed ; for ; the . best interest of
the St*te. ' .'¦¦•¦- .
Bidders are invited to be present at the open-
. . ing of .the bid*. .".,.. -. . . - ¦
- CHAS.'H. SPEAR," .
. 1-, JOHN. C. KIRKPATRICK.
. . ' 'J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON." Chief Engineer.
v « . : JOHN* M. , FOY. ' Secretary.
PROPOSALS for railroad construction.' bids will
be received until 12 .o'clock noon, Jan. 2,
?;1004, at -the. office of Tonopah Mining -Com-
r pany Butler ' poatof flee. ¦ Nev.v Tor - the • con-
. ; structlon .-¦- of -, the *- Tonopah railroad t-. from
' Rhodes; Nev.," to Tonopah, Nev.,,distance ap-
' proximately. sixty. miles; plans, specifications,
¦ ' profile," etc.," can . be; seen • at the office of the
: chief engineer at: Tonopah. * \, '
jWK'.y tVAVTRO M %M5-— C«M»tJn«rsl.
ISEAMEN 'or Australia and £urope*. also green
hands f or m-haliru:. HERMAN' 8. 26 Steuart.
WlXCHESTrR Hotel. 44 Third st.. rear Mar-
Vet — 7(io rooirs. 35c night; reading room*.
'rpf 'bus and bapsEP? to arid from ferry.
A TiRANCH ofnc cf The Call for the recep-
tion ol aflverusemer-.ts a"3 subscriptions ha»
be**n owned at iOOX Market fct., opposite
F'.Tth. Open urtll 11 P. m. >
ALL sizes men's shoes, eiigrhtly damaged, half
price. f><3 Mission St.. fc^t. 1st and 2d st»-
C57T your shoea !i«!' sntofl while waitinsr: 25c
?o U,r. r.CI M^yi'^n ft.- b«t. *£t «rd 2d «ts.
HOUSES AXU^\VAGOXS.
FOH tale— An r'.ccar.t two-s^atql rig in exccl-
Wnt condition; no reasonable offer refused.
Box 4m;Ti. <"all olflce.
HO'iSE. bOCXT a 71 * 1 harness. tVi; Mexican ead-
6le. %'?>•*¦. tcp wagon. $00; cert, $13. 7» Ci».y
Hall ave.
HARNESS *tA ?sa<Sles. the bo»t for the money,
at JEffCN I^ROS. CO.. inc.. the big stare.
114:>-1547 Market rt.. Fan Francisco.
FOR f*Ip— Har.dsomp tray cheap. Across
t»->x 3733. Call office.
}T>H <elr— 1 young horses; slnglp cr double.
Apply **>*> York Ft.
F«"<R Fall"— rt'Ji^xT-iired hack: N>n condition;
t2.v>. 1C15 Eddy st.. near Steiner.
S!AN ¦war.tPd to buy low-spt wagon, suitable
to carpenter. S43 Howard Ft.
Mff=T ly? sold at eacrifice; 5 good hors-f.
rc7 Sixth tt.
Al rXPREES «irm. li»rtit campinc »r«son
and go-cart fcr s&le cheap. 5:12 Mission st.
L^-nffst essortmt 2-harnl wagen?, buckh'd. pmt-
r"\.!tgmesf:.wr.rk.(!rlvtr.g horses. 15th-Va'.°r.c-la
HOUSES TO LGT.
A — PRINTED lin of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
*?rvic*> absolutely free; take advantage of
this decartmrnt: it will save you time and
trouble. Ocnifs Furniture Co.. 245-258 Geary
ex.. en the square.
BEFORE movinr get cur printed lirt of houses
to let. BALIAVIN £.- HQWELU 25 Post st.
UOLSES FIOMSQES — FOR SALB.
>Il"FT h?:i at once, folding-bed, dresser, chif-
fonier*, lesther couch, dlnir.g set, carpets,
flc. jszs Market ft.
LOST A>U FOl'SD.
LOST — Friday. optn-fscd l>atck Philippe
«o!d watch; Initials F. V. C. ; G+>o. C.
Shrcv« & Co.'s name on dial; attached to
rold rope fob; very liberal reward. Return to
47 Portola it., off Waller, bttwecn Steiner
and Pi tret. Phone 12 < «6.
LOST — Last evonir.fr about 6 o'clock, a yellow
skin purse with lsrjre frdd monogram nnd
turquoise setting. Reward at Palace Hotel
office; initials en purse, P. W. W. R.
LIBERAL reward fcr return cf small whits
f-Iiar.itl; tan ears and spots. "0.12 Jackson ft.
FOCXX> — Sailboat. Inquire C26 Francisco
street.
IT «::i pey to ••Rorr.err^er" that the California
Watch Cat* Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
Cdd and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
IIP.?. PR. WVnTH, specialist fcr alffemale
complaints: instant reiief irjaranteed; 30
years' exjiericcce; removed to b2<J Pest »t.
MRS. VH. KCHL. reliable specialist fcr ell it-
triale troubles and irreg^iarities; Instant re-
lief puarant-ed. 10OH Market St.. opp. £th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; thf rr.ott difficult cases treated;
nJvice fre*. OrSce. IC1S Market Et.
Vr*. Goodnln. 7X1 Turk. nr. Van Ners — Expert
in < tFt» > tr:c5. fp^iale complaints; 5nst. relief;
treatment $10; hou9. 10 to 5; 25 year* exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
cr'ecs-is-t: a r'' v »te home before and during
,couSactneat ; bett medical car«; low tees.
DR. ROSKSt rtfidft 2IKC. FcIfciti St.. comer
gtth; Jtcips. re!i"f or no fee: $10.
Till, a-'l MRS. IjAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
crxinal method cf treatment. 1126 Market St.
rn, KG TOY KEE. :!1!< ¦ Powfil st4 ©rposite
L'r.ion scuare; a!l diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLAX IDOL'S— FOR SALE.
UOILERS. c-.c'.ncs. 2d-har.a machinery. McIN-
TOfcH A WOLPMAN. 1SJ5-197 Fremont st.
1XJES YOUR ROOr LEAK? ~"
Kepair it with tlatTite; in rclls easy to lay;
;:<fvu«i po painting or coatir.g: good over old
iron, tin cr fhmsrles; be&t for new roofs.
I1LATERITE KOOI'ING CO., 713 Market St..
FOR ea!e — ?25 laying hens, 220 chicks 2 months
old. 00 luse-cr.t, .; incubators, 3 brooders.
hirse. waecn, tuggy. 2 sets harness, working
Implements, etc: place for rent. Inquire
LENGEMA..VK crocery. Cth ave. g. and Let.
SXVHASfD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pullejs. thafting, etc., etc., bought, eold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M «1'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale Et.
LADT'S Russian sable coat; pprftctly new;
latf-st Parisian fashioB; containing 7tf genu-
ine skins; cort $17j<>; will Bacriflce lor $1200.
Box 4WXJ. Call office.
A — Fine suits. ?7 50; <Jrrss pants, $2 SO. Origi-
ral MifSt Clothing Pailcrs. 2."S Keamy st.,
rear >3u«h; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUTS. sells er rents gts.r xn&chlnery, en-
g1r.es, bo:lfers. water pipe, ehaftlng, pulleys.
<tc. WH1TEUW, 253-2S5 gpear nt.
rTPEVTRITERS. tllgfctly ueed. eold at cost;
r.ew Underwood visible typewriter catalog
cent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
THY our men's bhoes at 11 and {1 SO pair*
foot-fens shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Et.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 £0 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 ICearny st.. n*a»
Pice: cpen to 9 p. xn.; Sunday* to noon.
DISPOSING of Witte gas engines; 2 H. P.. 20
H. P.: attractrve prices. The Tracy, Engi-
neering Co.. 101 Fremont St.. S. F. !
SAILING ark for hunting crA flsh:r.g.' 32S
Bush st., third Ccor, room 4.
TIIUEE beautiful cocker spaniel pups: 1 brown
male: 2 females. 79 City Hall ave. .
EOME good pecoad-hand easoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P., cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
6L0T machir.es cheap; Chlcagos, Twentieth
C^cturies, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market.
I rfKf *:. : cafes; cee the complete Una at 1814
Market, ab. Van Neaa. RICHARDSON BRO9.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. preeses. motor, cutter.
type, fixtures: ic'.r.g good business. 29S6. Call.
fA FES— New en« second hand. THE HElT
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY f.ne oisnrnd heart fcr 1210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 16 Sixth st. -
JCKW en<3 tecnr.d hand machinery of all kinds.
KP.OGH 11XTO. CO, 619 Market st.
MOVING picture*, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
barc=:n». Bullgrd & Breck. 131 Post st.
KXtXM cf pipe and fittings; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
SAFES— New and recend hand. E. B. BECK
fc CO.. 122 Market «t. "
All barjra!ns;camp etools and chairs: hammocks.
metal b>d«.mattre>»es. J.f.Hotter^U Mission.
KCltan phenccrephs. records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. BaclgalupL 033 Mkt.
GAfOLINE esjrltea.. automobiles and launches;
ell sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
AFK for prlews on second -hand tvp'wriers ; all
rr.sk«>*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montyy.
A rn ANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tKm of a<Jvertl«'pnietiti! and subscript Ions hs»
\**>T) ei<rned at 100*« Market rt.. opposite
T1*tK Ort-n tir.tli 11 n. rn.
5IISCELL A\EOt'S WAXTS.
WANTED — To buy ttrong horse. . MACKEY.
Jh«S Harrison rt.. near Fifth.
"WANTED — Ta huy en aUts-ator's tooth. Ad-
ores*' box 4?7.!). Gall office. . ;, .
BOOKi "*nfl~Tihr»rieV bousht; H. C. HOLMES.
JIO MnrkPt «t.; pben* Jessie 3741. or postal.
1 PAY MrlJ^rt r<rf'»s for all kinds of caFt-off
<•lili-Ar.fr: vrad.pcrtaJ. MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
TltTON" nanw (rood (jeeend-hand clothinK and
thr-atrlcal fcoode. 354 Otjj st.; tel.. Jessie 2S51. i
MOSEY TO LOAA.
A4A~BE&MAN«VtmPHr.
C01-<;C2-O03 Examiner ballillng.
Quick urttlemfnts; no disappdfttrtjr.nt. . 1
I Fave exr*nws hy directly.-
Eriatp*. cecon.1 rnoitcase*. undivided Inter-
*Ft><. as?iirnments of rents, property lnitrust,
etc: .'«.:«<.•¦(-. ir.i- .-!!!!<•« and undH'lded in-
.- 'crefis in pror*rty purchased.
X Courteous treauaent. Strictly. cc:;B<Je»tlaI.
Wben You N'wd M'.r.ev
IIEKMAS ML'RI'HY.
fcTRICTI.Y COrcFIDKNTIAL LOANS' on 'fur-
niture, pianos or to ularicd peojUe on Ihelr
nmr-. ? r<n>*T treatmo^t »rua.racte<yl, ILLINOIS
T^rf-T CO.. r. J'J. I'heisn l>ld.. tct Main 704.
A — 1 r>er cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
i -'., no t-ommisrion. no publlclty;$t'3 up; Quick.
. private. conflUential. 20 Montfomeijvna. 7.
i REJAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
Wm. A. Majtee. Thos. Magee Jr. F. E. Magee.'
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
" Real . 1 Estate • Agents, .- * *. J
5 Montgomery et. ¦
~~ ~~ VALI<EJO STREET. |>
~ • 2/:« ' Ho" [ ; T-'
$6000.' If:? 5
.'.'*' C '1
• 3
n
-¦¦,-- »i ..
$4350. »c
; i ' Q
05 • $4150. ¦ . U ,2
** V ' u O
o c_ , *|a
» $4550. ' m ™
. ' • • ¦•
~~~~ ~" SOLD.
M
• _ -*i
110 «
Choice building lots for residence or 2 flats.
Goujfh 8t. bltuminized; granite curbing,
artificial stone sidewalk.
Pacific ave. and Union st. cars close by.
First-class residence locality.
BUSH ST. INVESTMENT.*
$30,000.
Nearly 70 ft front by 137:6 ft. deep.
With three substantial houses. -
j- - i • " v ¦¦. ¦ - —^~-- ¦¦'¦.¦¦ >: : " :¦.-"¦'¦
i •¦ FELL ST. FLATS, i ."
..flO.000.
' Two exceptionally - fine flats. " " :
Rents ,.$77.50.. ' ',. . . .r*
BATTERY ST. WAREHOUSE. ]
. - - «0,000.
Under five years' lease. .. ¦!¦'. -J '
Pays 6.12 per cent net.
BROADWAY ST. RESIDENCE.
- ¦ . 4. . . .$i3.o0o.<. -..-'. -.,' ;•: ,'i
" . ' 32 :t>. by. 137:6. ..
Fine lot, with 'permanent western exposure for
sun and llEhU" ....
. . TWO-STORY RESIDENCE. '
• "> . : HOWARD ST. :
$25,500. . : . ;.
"60 feet front. «. ¦ ¦
•" BUSH ST.' CORNER/ ,; t c>'j
- ¦ • $25,000. 1'. -. " -" ->• \
> , .. Rents'. US5-,' „.-.,>.:-. '
" • Comparatively, downtown. "-
' ""' ¦'WASHINGTON ST: LOT3.". .*.*;'
•. - • ¦? 13,000. .-.-. -•} ;
:' - - . ,. ¦ '¦' / e5xl27:8..- . - -, J -. ;
Exceptionally fine view; - ] ¦¦'¦¦
'•¦ t ¦:¦ . I -,'.„. .. - ¦-, ,-' •¦ rf"?
'..',.' ... ¦ ¦ - ¦• ..-. ..,".. J". ;;
SECOND ST. CORNER!-..', /'. ' ' 'j
. ' ' ' " f 56,500. ' ." .
Nearly 50 feet ..t ront. '. ¦
. _', We have . tenant. ¦'.-,
MISSION ST." LOT.
?42,500. ' . '
i 34xlOO;
We have responsible tenant for six-story
building.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR sale — A larse first-class residence; 12
rooms; 407 Fair Dales st. Apply premises
or 12> Geary, room 505. • ."_
REAL' ESTATE — Country — For . Sale.
A BARGAIN— $7500; 50 acres of choice land,
5 miles east of the city of San Jose; near
Alum Rock Park and 1 mile from electric
cars; 20 acres In resistant vines, 4 years old;
400 aople, 800 apricot trees. 4 years old; 3-
room house, barn, well, etc.: must be sold;
term* If desired. Address JAMES BYRNE
JR.. Union D*pot and" Ferry blcig.. clt$
FOR rent — $230 per year, 12 acres'full-bearlng |
orchard; buildings and yards for 1000 poul- ¦
try, 3 miles from town. GEO. C. YOUNG, j
Petaluma- |
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good Improve-
ments; rood location: connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715' Nineteenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre. farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write. for booklet. It's free. 603 3 it.
WRIGHT A KIMBROUGH, Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA ' lands,- stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues Bent free. C. M. .WOOSTER CO.. 848
Market st. ~ - " ;• .
FOR ¦ rent, near Hay wards, a well improved
fruit or chicken rar.ch; 10 acres. 3021 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley. ' -
POTXT mCHMOJfD REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS,, cheap for cash. 32S Bush St., third
floor, room 4.
WATER front lots and bargains: all, tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Knickerbocker Apartments. 1340 "ptne^st^
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room tults; $30 up;'
tteam heated, electric lighted; free bath.
GEARY, 1933 — $18; adults; 4 com. rooms; 2
beds, bath, toilet, stoves, coal and gas stoves.
HOWARD. 2381—2 or 3 sunny swell furnished
rooms; all. conveniences; $12 up. . . .,.
MCALLISTER. 1217— Two or three furnished
rooms, with use of kitchen.
MODEL HOUSE. 120C Stockton St.— Newly fur-
ni^hed rooms. $5-$12; bath, gas. phone.
OAK, 117 — Sunny suite and single; complete
for housekeeping; adults; $1 25 to $3 week.
O'FARRELL. 918 — Sunny handsomely furnish-
ed parlor floor. of 4 rooms.
TEHAMaT 320 — 3 nice large, sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; kitchen, bedroom and front room;
private entrance.
THE CRAGBURN. 1007. Larkln St., cor. Pest—
Sunny furnished apartments: also single
- rooms: rent reasonable. -
VAN NESS ave.. 807 — Cozy housekeeping
rooms for a couple; also single room.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 ;
Valencia St.- " ¦ ' ' ¦
APARTMENT HOtTSES.
;¦ MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner ,Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments;' all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior: ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery.
ST. LOUIS, J575 Jackson «.— Modern 3-4-5
-rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now-open; references.' I
. . . . HADDON HALL,
051 KDDY ST.' REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET—- Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AURORA, corner Second and Foisom sts. — New
house. ¦ new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from f I 50 per
P wefk up; this Is the only up-to-date nous* In
] this vicinity: first -class grill attached.
A BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night," SI 25 to J5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASinvORTH, 320 Mason St.. bet. Geary and
/Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out " urivnte bath; sun In rooms all- day.
AT "The Almonte,". 873 Market St. (or. No. 1
Fifth' fct.)— Hocms, 25c. 60c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night. ;
BURNETT? 142C Market (old No. 13«M) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLAY, 1028 — Large. ,i sunny, furnished' front
- room, 1 or 2 persons: also single; $6 to $10.
CLIFFORD. 20* Ell'.s," corner 'Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CALIFORNIA," 1255-^-Sunny furnished rooms,
single and for housekeeping; reasonable. •
GRAND Southern," 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
, to $1 SO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. <MU — Two newly furnished, sunny,
'•large front rooma.Vi ',: " " '«¦"> . ;. . ¦ : ¦
LAOUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
nyslngle . room.- '¦ ¦ --¦- < '•- '¦-, ; ¦ .-':-¦
LARKIN. 81 « B — Small, light room. large hall,
- closet, .bath and- phone: reasonable.- .
MCALLISTER.- 633— Three nicely, furnished
rooms for 'housekeeping in private 'family.
NINTH,. 119 (Gillesple)— Nicely. furnished rooms
<-,*l 00 to $2 60 per week; 60c to ,75c per night..
PINE, 1076— Large furnished 1 room, suitable for
-"• 1 or. 2; running; water: reasonable.. :
'POWELL 317— Sunny front suite for doctor «r
'dentist: also other 'furnished rooms. . - ' .
&UTTER, 230— The Crane — Elegantly furnished
-*>>oi»B;r downtown; - suite" or. single; $10 up. -
•THE Preston,* 247*Larkln — Elegant rooms td
¦let; H 50 to. S3 Week. ., « __ . ¦' '{
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 100
¦ ; rooms, ! 3octe $1 night," SI ¦ 75 to $tt week; elec-
. trie, lights -(no . gas), and running- water..: In
¦i every . room: elevator," parlor, rcadlng*room;
. . f re'e busy bagrgaRc. ¦ - . '¦'--.-'- ::¦.-•'
i VA LLBJO; i 1 118,"r phone ,. Sutro ,-lOlS— 3 * unf ur-
;-. .,nished rooms; -use of bath ;, 4 'closets. ' v
VAN . NESS, ' eiO-rHandscmo " gunny furnished
Y_ suites and single rooms; all convenience*.*; >-
MARRIAGE L.ICEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Angelo M'ckelottl. 21. 222 Broadway, and
Angelina M. C. GajTbarlnl. 19. 222 Broadway.
William J. WhipDle. 25, 12 Mason street,
and May E. Kohler, 20, Oakland.
John Langer, 48, 860 Mission street, and
Katharina Knutty. 47, SCO Mission street.
Ellas Donner. •-'«. 008 Howard street, and
.Annie S. Schubert. 18, »05 Foisom street.
Edgar. H.. Sweetland, 28, Carson City, Nev..
and Winnie R. Rubin, 19. Carson City, Nev.
• Johan Strom. 20. 803 Filbert street, and ;
TUlie Sweggen. 27. 803 Filbert street.
Hjalmar Tletjen. 22. 3928 Nineteenth street,
and Dortea Pallesen, 23, city.
John C. Costello. 3G. 522 Larkln street," and
Margaret Ford. 24, 213 Lacgton street.
BIRTHS— MARBIABfS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage, and death notices ¦ sent by
mall will not be- Inserted. They roust be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name /and residence 'of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event-are published once In this column
free of charge. ' "
FRITZ— In this city. December. 4. 1003.. to the
wife of Charleg Fritz, a daughter.
I ~- MARRIED.
LOVELAND— HDWARDS— In this city. De-
cember 0, 1003, by the Rev. John Phillips,
. Harvey D. Loveland and Lulu Pauline Ed- |
wards, both ot San Francisco. ¦ \
McCANSE — McDOWELL — In this city, Decem-
ber 8, 1903, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. ,
George R. McCanse of ' Greenwood. Mendo-
cino County, Cal., and Nellie L. McDowell
of Hemmlngford, Canada.
DIED.
Alcorn, Robert Knight, John C. .
Angell. Catherine M. Lander, Mrs. M. B.
Ash. Louis T. - Laurberg, Lauritz
Battu, H. - Lucitt. John J.
Blumenthal. Max McCarty, Josephine
Boyle, Daniel McNamara. John J.
Caldwell. William Moulton, Mrs. Flora
Comyns. Catherine Murray. Milton D.
Darrow, Henry W. ' O'Donnell. Katie
Davis, Rev. Geb. R. O'Leary, Sarah
Egan, William V. O'Neill. Rev. Thos. '
Engs, John S. Sr.- Osborne. ' Catherine
Farrell, Ann Robinson. Francis
Foley, Joseph D. Schott-Danlels, Jen-
Foxbrldges. Martha . nie
Gavin, Patrick Schutt. Anna B.
Hansen, Alice B. • Shepard. Joseph
Harbengarten, Jos. Simpson, James
Inguglia, Gladys O. .Thompson. Ira B.
. Ivins, Hester Wallas, Johanna
Jacobsen. George Woodwcrth, Albtan
/Johnston, Mary A. Zscaiescbe, Edward
ALCORN — In the City and County Hospital.
DeceraW 11, 1903, Robert Alcorn, a native
of California, aged- 41 years.
ANGELL-^In this city, December 0, 1903,
Catherine M. Dora, beloved wife of Horace
B. Angell, and mother of Otis B.. Chester
L.. Emily M. and Idella F. Angell and Mrs.
C. F. Moulthorp of Alameda. Cal., a native
ef Hanover. Germany, aged 72 years a
months and 14 days.
ET'The funeral will take place Saturday.
December 12. 1903, at 1:30 o'clock, from her
late residence. 2200 Howard street, corner of
Eighteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, ty electric funeral car from corner of
~ E'ghteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
Kindly omit flowers. Strictly private.
ASH— In this city, December 10, 1903, Louis
T., beloved son of the late Thomas P. and
Mary Ash, and brother of George Ash and
Mrs. Lena Creagh, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 6 months and 30 days.
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BATTU— In thla city, December 11. 1903, H.
Battu, b«loved husband of Nellie Battu.
loving father of Zoe Battu, and brother -of .
Josephine Battu, a native of France, aged
-53 years 10 months and 24 days. A member
of Nes Perce Tribe No. 117. Impd. O. R.
' M.. and California Castle No. 1, K. G. E.
ICTFor notice of funeral see Sunday's
papers.
BLUMENTHAL — In this city. December 10.
1903, Max. beloved husband of Rlcka Blu-
-rnenthal, and beloved father of Mrs. M.
Kahn and Mrs. J. Morris of Newman and
Rose, Frances. Albert, Herbert, Stella and
Charlie Blumenthal, a native of Germany,
aged U7 years 3 months and 16 days, j (San,
Jess papers please copy.)
ETi-'rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Crockett Lodge
No.' 130, F. and A. M. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by train leaving Third
-and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
BOYLE— in this - city, . December 10. 1903,
Daniel Boyle, a native of Ireland, aged 57
years 4 months and 20 days. A member of
! the Steamship Painters' Union, Local No.
9S«. ' - - .
C7Remains at the parlors of Porter &
.¦ White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
CALDWELL— In thls*clty, December 11, 1908.
< William Caldwell, beloved husband of Emily
• Caldwell. a native of Virginia, aged 43
yeajs. A member of Unity Lodge No. ($1,
Knights of Pythias.
ICNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co,. 190a Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
COMYNS— In this city, December 11, 1903. at
her residence. 232 Twelfth street. Catherine
M. Comyns, beloved wife of Maurice Comyns,
and mother of C J. Comyns, E. M. Comyns
of Seattle, Wash., and F, L. Comyns, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 69 years.
DARROW— In this city. December 10. 1903.
Henry W. Darrow. husband of Lottie Dar-
. row, a native of New York, aged 79 years
II months and IS days. (New York and
Wisconsin papers please copy.)
C7Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 303Vs Deviaadero street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DAVIS — la Carson City, Nev., December 10.
1903, Rev. George Ransome Davis, beloved
husband of Sylvia Davis, and father of"
j Samuel P.. William C. and Robert H. Davis
and Mrs. Henry G. Shaw r a native of New
Haven, Conn., aged 77 years 5 months and
• 10 dayj.
FOXBRIDGE8— In this city.. December 11,
1003. Martha, beloved wife of Benjamin Fox-
bridgte, and mother of Lillian and Alexan-
der Foxbridges, a native of Boston. Mass.,
aged 37 years 2 months and 17 days.
EGAN— In this city. December 11, 1903, Wll-
' Ham Vincent ' Egan, dearly beloved aon of
Cornelius and Ellen Egan, and beloved
brother of Thomas, Man*. Winefred, Alice.
1 Sarah. Kittie and Annie Egan, a native of
1 ¦¦ San Francisco, aged 28 years. A member of
Phil Sheridan Council No. 72. Y. M. I., and
Marine Engineers' Association No. 35. ¦
|[7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 13. 11)03, at 9:30 o'clock, from the
residence - of his parents, . 2t>28 Nineteenth
street, corner York, thence to the Church of
St. Charles Borromeo. corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, for services, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Requiem high mass will be celebrated
Monday, December 14, 1903, at above church,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
TO the officers and members of Phil Sheridan
Council No. 72, "Y. M. I. — You are hereby
notified to attend - the funeral of our late
" member and brother, William Vincent Egan.
to-morrow (Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from
his late residence, 2623 Nineteenth street,
corner York. ¦ By order of
D. J. DUNNE. President.
OMAR E. DOYLE. Rec. Sec.
ENGS — In Oakland. December 11. 1903, John
-Stanhope Engs Sr.. beloved husband of
Mary W. Engs,' and father of Dr. John S..
( Edward W., Otis .W. and S. M. Engs. a na-
tive of Newnorr,' R.' I., aged 65 years 8
months and 16 .days.
FARRELL— In this city. December 10, 1903,
at ner residence, 45S Natoma ' street. Ann
Farrell. beloved wife of the late James' Far-
rell. a nqtlve of County Longford. Ireland.
' ¦ (New. York. Dublin- and Longford papers
please «copy.)
C7 Interment private. Please omit flow-
- ers. ' - - • • . -¦
FOLEY— In. thi*. city,, December 0. 1903, Jo-
seph D., beloved son pf David and the late
Catherine • Foley, and loving brother o* Ma-
mie and . Thomas C. Foley, -a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years and 12 days.
CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. 'to attend, the- funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 14 Yerba Buena street, thence .to ¦ St.
Mary's (Paulist) Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GAVIN— In- this city. December 11. 1903, at-
his residence, 1317H Broadway, Patrick.
-beloved husband cf the. late Ellen Gavin.
A and father of Charles and- the late James
and William Gavin, a native of County
Roscommon, Ireland, aged t!9 years. .
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HANSEN— In South San Francisco. December
11, 1003. Alice B. Hansen, beloved daughter
of Samue) and Christine B. Hansen. and sis-
ter of ¦ Charles," Samuel, Ella and Agnes
Hansen, a native of . California, " aged 1 year
' 8 months and 4 days. .. ...
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrfrw
-' (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from , the • residence
of the parents, . 1232 Sixth avenue. South
- San Francisco. Interment Mount ~ Olivet
. Cemetery. . . .- . •
HARBENGARTEN— In this city," December 11,
1903, Joseph Harbengarten, beloved husband
of Christina Harbengarten. a native of Ger-
• many, aged C2 years 11 months and 15 days.
¦ : (C7Remalns at Charles J. B. Metzler*s
; undertaking, parlors, 630 Washington. street.
IVINS— In San Luis Oblspo* December 10, 1003,
Hester Ivlns, wife cf Ernest C. Ivlns. "
INGUGLIA— In this city. December Hi lOOtl.
Gladys -• Ottella Incuglla, dearly, beloved
daughter i of - John , B. ' and " Charlotte M. In-
— » ' '¦ — — ¦ —^ •¦
: James ilc(5 Inn. - Henry Hanaen.
-i JAMES MoGINN &;CO..
Formerly With McGinn. Bros., .
—Funeral Directors and Embalmera.—— ',
¦'¦¦ 214 Eddy St.: Ttl. South S78.
I XIEAJL ESTATE— CITY— -FOIl_SALE. I
G. U. UMBSEN &CO. ~~
1 20 MONTGOMERY . ST.
Real Estate Acents and Auctioneers.
$70,0uo — Four-story brick building, .in the cen-
ter of the business district.
I $ 23,000 — Fourth St.; 2 ston-s and 4 flats of 7
I rooms tach; rent, fl«5l; bay winduws,
! brick foundations, 50x75.
$21, 500— Western Addition business corner; ol-
e?ant modern residence. Improvements
modern and elegant; consist of t>tore
ai.d 2 flats; 37.«Viy ( i.l0& ; 2 prominent
streets.
• ?20,000 — Elegant modern mansion on Presidio
1 Heights, very sunny, unobstructed ma-
rine view; 50x134. ' . . •
$16,500 — Corner' on Webster St.; 5 flats and
4, 5, 0 rooms; bay windows, brick foun-
dations, etc.; rent $112 50; 27.0x87.0.
$15,000— Very cheap; within 2 blocks of 'Mar-
ket St.; eld improvements;, rent for $7S0
per annum: 25x137.0. ;
?15,0W— Rents Hi" 50 per month, which are
low; Third St., close to Foisom St.: 2
stores and flat; a splendid holditjz *to
improve.
$13,500— Hems $1530 per annum; Powell St.,
t-uslnesi locality; stores and lodging-
house; lot CO-Mot frtnt.
$12,500— Rent $1200 per annum; Howard st. :
. ' " business property; store and 2 flats; 113
f 12,000 — Price reduced: rents $12*4 per annum;
«1 flats and lanse loi, 55 feet front on
Grove fct.. near thrg City Hall.
$9,r.0O— Rents 5900 per annum; Steiner St.; J
modern flats, 29.GxlU0. -
$0,000 — Fine business corner near Foisom and
Thirteenth stP.; substantial Improve-
ments in store. .flat and 2 houses; 5ox
¦ M>; rent J96U per annum.
$9,000 — Rent $82 50 per month; close to Du-
boco. Park; 3 new modern flats of 5 and
t$ rooms and bath each; substantially
built and elegantly finished. ¦ - ;
$S,500—^Renting for ?S10 per annum,, and very
low; Ha.ves Valley; 5 flats; lot 2?}jx
120; two frontages.
$8,500— Ren's $*40 per annum; McAllister St.;
2 frontages; 2 houses of 9 and 6- rooms
and bath each; 27.6x120. ».%
$8,000 — Rents $1020 per annum, near First
and Foisom sts. ;• lots 50x70. " " "
$7,000— Seventeenth st. corner; lot ¦ 24.5x^0:
store nn-1 4 rooms in rear of' store 2nd.
• * flat of 0 rooms and bath:, rent $60 per
month; buy windows. . .
$0,500 — Nice issldence of 8 rooms and bath;
Social Hall, lot 28.6x00 feet; nice loca-
¦ tion in the- Western Addition. 1
$3,750 — Near Valencia and Fourteenth jsts<; 4
flats of 6 and 8 rooms and- bath each:
bay windows, brick foundations; rent,
' . $55 ; 25x70. . . ! . ...... < .' i
$5,125— Prices greatly, reduced; v corner 50
vcra on Buchanan st.'; 3 frontages;* a"
snap. - -• .'¦ ...
$4,500— Rents *T-40 per annum, near Taylor, et.'
and Pacific St.; 4 flats and lot 37.8x00r
modern building. ¦ -.' . >. . •
$2,800 — Rents $408 per v annum; . near Seventh
aria Bryant Ms; • .-;¦ " . - ;;»•;'.';
For further particulars .of the. above- and"
for the Real Estate-Rpcord containing a list
of properties for sale -In ail' parts of ths city
Inquire at our office.-' -*: ; -..'
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., -
20 Montgomery St., • • ¦ •
. Real Estate Agents and. Auctioneers. ¦ '
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, ' close -. to
Duboce Park, bltuminized streets, lots_^ level
and ready, to build on; a rare. chance to "obtain
a holding admirably situated and close' to the
city, nt a. very reasonable figure: dlacram,
prices a.nd all particulars at our office. '...11. I
UMBSEN & CO., real estate. agents and auc-
tioneers, 20 Montgomery st. -' .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
I B3S MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
. AUCTION.
AUCTION,
TUESDAY. Dec. 15. 1903. at 12 o'clock noon,
At Our Salesrooms.
DEVISADERO-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West line of Devisadero St., 32 feet south of .
Page; lot 25x100: Improvements consist of spa- 1
cious store and 2 modern flats: Nos. 259-25U^- :
201; present rents very low at $(SS per month.
PIERCE-ST. RESIDENCE.
West line of Pivrce st., 100 fett south of
McAllister; lot 37:Cxll2:6: No. 815; improve-
ments, elegant S-story residence, 1C rooms: sa-
lon parlors, dining room with inlaid hardwood
floors, porcelain bath, steam heat, etc.
$ MISSION RESIDENCES.
West line of Andover st.," 276 feet south of
Crescent ave.; lots 25x70 each; 2 new modern '
2-story houses, containing C rooms, porcelain
bath, reception room; brick foundation, etc::
Nos. 733-733 Andover st.; rented for $25 each
per month.
BIRCH-AVE. FLATS.
North line of Birch ave.. 111:0 feet west of
Buchanan et. ; lot 2tix60; Improvements (Nos.
7O6-7OeH) consist of 2 beautiful flats, 6 rooms
and bath each; rent $30 per month; mortgage
' $2500 at C Der cwit can remain.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North line ot First ave.. south of Point Lo-
bos; Nos. . r i29.531: 2 new modern flats, 4-5
J-ooms and bath each; built lets than a year;
rented for S42 CO D«r month; mortgage,$150O
at 0 per cent.
MISSION COTTAGE.
N< W. cor. of Twentieth and Hartford sts. ;
lot 25x82:0 feet; Improvements consist of a
magnificent new cottage, S rooms and bath,
laundry, billiard-room and stable.
MISSION LOT.
p North line of Eighteenth St., 50 feet west of
Diamond; lot 21:8x75 feet; bitumlnlzed street;
title guaranteed; no reasonable offer refused.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING SITE.
N. W. cor. of Belvedere and Frederick ets.:
35x05 feet; also north side of Frederick St., 95
feet west of Belvedere; lot 25x110 feet; to be
sold as a whole; this property Is situated no
It commands an unsurpassed view and will
make a most deBlrable building site.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT. •
North line of Greenwich st., 14(S:10V£ feet
east of Polk: extra size lot, 37:4 J 4xl37:« feet.
For further particulars and cataloicue apply
to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
_ 638 Market st.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
I every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms— $2900.
6 rooms — $.'525O. '
5 rooms — $3500. -
0 rooms— $3000. ¦ , ; — '
7 rooms — $41C0. ,
8 rooms^ — $4600.
Located on First and Second aves, bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
15- PER cent on Investment: 2 new flats; Dor-
land st.; rents $62 50 month; $4000 cash;
$2500 at 6 per cent.
$5500— Store and flat, with cottage; good
stock of groceries and bar.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St.
3 FINE building lots, 2.ixK;0. on Nevada ave.,,
i near Cortland- ave.; very, cheap. Inquire at
228 Waller at. •
BUILD on .your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. end part lot at (J per cent.
MANHATTAN IX? AN CO.. Crocker building.
ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers, S30. Howard st.
LOTS N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chnrrd by W; J. GUNN. ' 530 California st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONE left; a splendid new home "In Berkeley;
email cash payment: remainder on install-
ments Jess than rent. S. F. and S. Home
Bull'JIng SoPlPty. 70S Market St.. S. F. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, .1118 BBO ADWAT.
OAKL.OD REAL ESTATE.
sT^irDODGE^SONV~^
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
Agents fcr the Properties of the Realty Syn-
dicate. ;
$4000 — Good business corner; 2 blocks from
Washington et.; will pay big Interest on
Investment. , '
$4250 — New house of S rooms, pantry and closet
room; elevtric and gas fixtures; modern in
c\-f ry resr^ct; Merrtmao at. - .'
$3200— Houpe of 9 rooms and bath; barn: every
modern convenience; lot C>3xl22; Thirty-.
- ninth ft. ; .'{.minutes' walk to. Key Route
feiry and Santa Fn depot at Thirty-ninth
et. and San Pablo ave.; terms. ' ¦ .
$2250 — A snap: cottagp of 5 rooms; lot Slxll2;
Thirty-ninth St.; near Telopraph ave.
$1250 — 8-room house with corner lat. 50x100;
near both ferry -lines.
$2CC0— Hoi:m of C rooms and bath; barn; 34x
ICO; Chestnut «t. , ... ..
$2000— 5-room cottage on Market st.
$3000— House pf 7 room?, bath; 41x102; Willow
.„,**- : a bargain. . . . , 1
$3250-^- House of 8 rooms and bath; modern;
Thirty-fifth st.
$2S50 — 2 new 7-room hoilf**: Thirty-sixth "st.;
25 minutes to San Francisco . by Key
Route; up to date. ¦ • -
m£!L EAP L0TS TO CLOSE AN. ESTATE ON
THIRTIETH ST., WEST OF TELEGRAPH
A .\h,W Irf IRTY " FOURTH-ST. CORNER;
™J- RTY / SKCOND 8T - NEAR SAN PABLO
£.V E ',, THIS IS WORTH INVESTIGATING.
££V&£X££ T HK PLACE THAT WILL SUIT
S^T.^ODG^Vs^ 0110^-
¦ 1160 Broadway.- Oakland.
$4700 <p>JLY for 2 fine flats In Oakland; rented
for $50 per month, p. C. LASSEN & CO.
460 Tenth st.. Oakland.- Cal.
A FINE 7-room house; must be sold this week;
pood location: easy terms. P. C. LASSEN
fcCO^46G Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLA.SD ROOMS TO liET.V - •
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS \
«55>4 Washington and M0 Ninth sts.. Oak^
land; furnished rooms en eulte or single,' with
or. without bsard; special rates to families. .
MONTANA House. 320 . Eighth ,»et.; -sunny
-'¦ultw and ¦ single rooms for housekeeping , '
OAKLAND PURXITLRE FOR SALE.'
TO-MORROW." the daTlcT^bargaTns" I n^urnU, 1
• ture. U. Schellhaas. 11th &t;cor.ttore, Oakland^
guglla, and sister of Charlotte Lucille In-
guglia, a native cf San Francisco; ased 11
months and 2U days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the • residence
of her parents, southeast corner of Francisco
and Leavenworth streets, and thence by
electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2:30 o'clock to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
JACOBSEN— In this city. December 10, 19»W.
George JacobSen. brother of Henry Jacob-
sen of Fresno. Cal.. a native of Denmark.
A member of the Waiters' Alliance. Local
No. 30.
C7 Remains at the parlors of Porter 4
"White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
JOHNSTON— In this city, December 11. 1903,
Mary Ann Johnston, a native of Ireland,
aged 7(i years.
KNIGHT— In San Mateo. December 11. 1903.
¦ John C, beloved son of William and Fran-
ces Knight, a native of Cornwall. England,
aged 23 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral from the Church of St.
Matthew (Episcopal), to-day (Saturday), at
2 o'clock.
LANDER— In Martin-*. Contra Costa County,
December 10. 190J. Mrs. M. B. Lander, he-
loved wife of the late C. W. Lander, mother
of Margie and Aga Lander, and sister of E.
E. Barber, a native of Illinois, aged »;*
years 11 months and 10 days.
E7"The funeral will take place Saturday.
December 12, at l:3O o'clock, from the Con-
gregational Church in Martinez. -Interment
Alhambra Cemetery, Martlnes.
LAURBERG— In this city, December 11,'ltHU,
Lauritz Laurbere. uncle of Muth Rasmus-
sen of Oakland, Cal., a native of Decem-
bers, aged 83 years 7 months and 5 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). 'at 1:13 o'clock, from the parlom
of Craig, Cochran & Co., 42t» Golden Gat»
avenue, between Polk and Larkln streets,
under the auspices of the Scandinavian So-
ciety. Cremation Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
LUCITT— In this city. December 11. 1003. John
J v dearly beloved son of Margaret and the
late Edward Lucitt. brother of Edward F.
and Josephlna Lucitt, Mrs. Edward B. Carr
and Mr? ¦ Lanhan. and nephew of John and
Annie Sullivan, a native of San Francisco.
A member of. Company A, First California
Volunteers.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McCARTY— In this city. December 9, 1303.
Josephine, beloved wife of John McCarty,
and mother of Andrew. William. John H.
and the late Josephine McCarty, a native oC
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 58 year*
and 2 months. (New York papers pleas*
copy.)
ICTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to att;nd the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 134« Webster street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
vlll be celebrated for the repose of her »oul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MeNAMARA— In this city. December 9, 1903.
John J., beloved son of Patrick and the late
Bridget McNamara, and dearly beloved
brother of James. Dell. Annie. Mamie and
Patrick McNamara. Mrs. D. Rlley. Mrs. J.
Miller and the late Roger V. McNamara.
a native ot San Francisco. A member or
Company L. First California Volunteers.
(Fall River, Mass.. papers please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his law
residence, 57 Converse street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repos« of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOULTON — In Alameda. December II. 1303.
Mrs. Flora Moulton. beloved mother of Mrs.
• Moulton of the St. James, corner Chestnut
street and Santa Clara avenue, and grand-
mother of the late Mrs. T. F. Eell, a native
of Scotland, aged S7 years and 3 months.
MURRAY— In this city. December 11. 1903.
-Milton D.. beloved son of Charles F. and
Kat« Murray, a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 days.
O'DONNELL — In this city, December 11. lSttJ.
Katie, beloved infant daughter of Patrick
and Jennie O'Donnell. and sister of Mary.
Annie, Joseph and Nora O'Donnell. a na-
tive of San Francisco, ag*d S days.
O'LEARY— In this city. December 10. 1303.
Sarah O'Leary, a native of New York, aged
51 years.
O'NEILL— In this city. December. 10, 1903. the
Rev. Thomas O'Neill. O. P., a native of
Dungannon, Ireland, aged 71 years and ll>
months.
£3TA solemn requiem mass will be sung
for the repose of his soul Saturday, at 10
o'clock, at St. Dominic's Church, Bush and
Steiner streets. The clergy are Invited with-
out further notice. Interment will take
place in Benicia Sunday morning.
OSBORNE— In this city. December 10. lOft'l,
Catherine Osborne. beloved mother of Ada
G. and D. J. Oe borne, a native of Kil-
kenny. Ireland, aged 73 years.
ROBINSON— In this city. December 11. 1W!,
Francl3 Roblnsnn, beloved husband of the
late' Margaret Robinson, a native of Eng-
land, aged 73 years.
tyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
December 13. 1003. at 1 o'clock, from th«
Red Men's Hall. 3'.*0 Post street, where ser-
vices will be held under the auspices of
Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, I. O. R. M. Re-
mains at J. S. Godeau's, 305 Montgomery
avenue.
SCHOTT-DANIELS — In this city, December
11. l'JO3. Jennie Schott-Danlels. beloved wife
of N. II. DanleU. and loving mother of
Fred H. Schott, a native of California, aged
43 year*.
CXNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at J. S. Godeau's, 303 Montgomery avenue.
SCHUTT— In this city. December 10, lOCJ.
Anna B. Schutt. dearly beloved wife of John
H. Schutt, and devoted mother ot Henry
Schutt. a native of Dlesenhofen. Cantoa
Thurgan. Switzerland, aged «53 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sundar). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 210 Douglass street, near Eighteenth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
SHEPARD — In thia city. December 11. 1303,
Joseph Shepard, brother of the late John L.
N. Shepard, a native of Athens, Pa., aged
81 years. "': -.- -
• CTServlces at 2:30 o'clock Sunday at 2703
Dwight way, Berkeley.
SIMPSON— In this city. December 10. 1903.
James, dearly beloved husband of Rose Simp-
- con, and father of Mrs. S. Lord of Maripoea
County. Mrs. W. D. Leahy, Mrs. W. J.
Reynolds. Mrs. L. II. Garrod and J. 3. andl
T. A. Simpson of San Francisco, a native of
Ireland, aged 79 years and 5 months. (San
Jose, Merced and Mariposa County papers
'please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullr invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his lat*
residence. S38% Harrison street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -
THOMPSON— In this city, December 11. 1903,
Ira Bent Thompson. } a native of Virginia,
aged 84 years 11 months and 11 days. A
member of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15. L O.
O. F.. also of the California Pioneers.
C7 Notice of fuAeral hereafter.
WALLAS— In this city. December 9, 1S03. Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of the late Hiram Wal-
las, and devoted mother of Mrs. Dagmar
Berry *nd Matilda. Werner and Julius Wal-
las, a native of Finland, aged 67 years 4
months and 24 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 12. 1903. at 13 o'clock, from he*
late residence. 1329 De Haro street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, take Twen-
ty-fourth-street car running east, thence to
the chapel cf Charles H. J. Truman & Co..
1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth an<t
Sixteenth, where services will be held at l:3O
o'clock under the auspices of the United Cali-
fornia Finn Sisterhood. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
WOODWORTH — In this city, December 9.
1903, Alblan Wocdworth, a native of New
- York, aged 6a years.
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 1 Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks. 857 Ml*slcn street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment National Ceme-
tery. Presidio.
ZSCHIESCHE — In this city. December 11. 1903.
Edward.' beloved husband of the late Rosa
Zschlesche, and beloved father of Ferdinand
and Else Zschlesche. a native of Berlin.
Germany, aged 61 years 10 months and 8
days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Ipvlted t>> attend the funeral tn-morroir
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor DlerkJi. 937 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriages.The regular monthly meeting of the
State Flower Association took place
yesterday afternobn. Mrs. J. L..Mar
tin was in the chair. It was decided
to hold the annual spring flower show
in the ferry building on March 24, 25
and 26. It will be entirely devoted to
a display of bulbous plants.
Will Hold Flower Show
NEW TOKK. Dee. 11^— Twelve hundred
p&cecBf^rs e&lled from this port to-day on the
ft»amer Jj& Chaxcx>aj?ije and 850 on the I.ahn,
maklns the total number returnlns to Europe
Atxrinz the Christsu* rush nearly 60,000.
Murine Eye Remedy. ¦ A home cure; for
Eye' troubles. Never.' fails to /win' friends.
Used for': infant and adult. -Murlne
doesn't smart. Druggists and opticians,*
Augusta v Rowan, : wife of ; ' J. M.
Rowan, was . appointed [ guardian -of
husband's person and estate yesterday
by Judge Hunt. ; Her. bond "was.,flxed
at $1000. Rowan's estate /consists: of
stocks and • bonds worth. $6000 .'and
several, valuable mining claims in
Alaska. _ * . . ; .
Husband Is Wife's Ward.
¦ Health Officer O'Brien 'yesterday
ordered warrants to* be' taken out for
«the^ arrest of ; Phil Vogel, owner "of a
bakery'at 2933 Twenty : fourth~ street,
and F. M. Lund, a Vesta jfrant, keeper
at 215-Grant' avenue, 1 for 'haying in
their possession milk below the stand
ard.' ' ¦'¦"-,:¦¦ ¦'¦¦¦-..: _
3£llk Beloiv Standard.
The Board . of Public Works
terday informed the Board of.Super- :
visors that It would refuse to; issue a
permit for the construction by ¦ John
Garber of runways of basalt, blocks
on Sansome street, between . Vallejo
and Green. The Board' of ; JWorks
does 1 not consider that it Ig within Its
province to grant 'the privilege .and
says it would prefer that the;Super
visors | pass a . resolution authorizing
the construction of the ' runways; '
Refuses to Issue Permit.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 11.— The annual
banquet of the Chamber of Commerce
was held this evening. Speeches were
made in response to ; toasts by George
W. Marston.Will H. Holcomb, L. A.
Wright, E. Wineburgh, Dr. - P. C. Re
mondino, Simon Levi, Victor E. Shaw
and Hon. M. L. Ward.
The Board of Public Works respectfully calls
the attention of your honorable body -.toj subdi
vision 0. section ft, chapter 1. article C'o'-the
charter, which provides that the Board of. Pub
lic Works shall have charge, superintendence
and control of the construction of any and all
public buildings and 6tructures, and the repair
and maintenance of any and all buildings and
structures owned by the city and county.- -
Inasmuch as there are seventy-five'- school
buildings in this city over which this board ex
ercises control, and for the repair'and-main
tenance of which it Is responsible, it seems but
reasonable that It «hpuld require tho services cf
an insp-jctor whosi sole duty is the- proper lir
epectlun of the condition of all school buildings
and tho superintendence of all mechanics em
ployed. > ......
The Board of Public Works yesterday
sent a caustic letter to the Board of
Education in which it states .that it
does not deem the dismissal by the last
named board of James B. McSheehy,
inspector of school buildings, advisable
nor to the best interests of the "city."
The Board of Works holds -that the
constant inspection of school buildings,
many of which are in urgent" need of
repair, and a thorough knowledge of
their condition Is equally as important
as the superintendence and supervision
of the mechanics employed.. ; ,. .
For the foregoing reasons the Board
of Works recomrtiends that the ¦Board
of Education reconsider its action in
regard to the inspector of school;build
ings. The letter continues: '¦'$'•
The Board of Public AVcrlcs respectfully* ac
knowledges the receipt of your communications
of th«» 2d and 9th insts., In which you Inform
this board that the services of James B. ; Mc-
Sheehy, Inspector nf- school buildings, were no
longer required, and that, his salary demand
would not be approved for services rendered af
ter December L', 1JV>3.- -..•"'.' ' ¦ '
Commissioners of Works Ask
School Board to Recoiisidei'
Action Dismissing McSheehr
Speculator Wants Money Back.
'. S. S. Galtsklll sued the Central
Grain and Stock Exchange yesterday
MUCH WORK
FOR INSPECTOR
PIso'b Cure — 40 yearm . on , thff market, and
still the best for' Coughs and Colds.- Druggists.*
Alexander Pap'e,the crack sculler,
notified Chairman Hlnchman of the
association that he would be unable
to meet Fred Ayres in the proposed
match . race. The race was thereupon
declared off and the contest for hon
ors in the sculling game will not be
settled for a while.
The -Pacific Amateur ' Association
held its regular monthly meeting last
night, at which many points of inter
est to athletes were taken up and dis
cussed. It was decided by the commit
tee to offer a trophy for the best bas
ket ball team in the newly organized
league, consisting of ten or twelve
crack cIude.
Basket ball has become. very popu
lar with the' amateur athletes lately
and in order to promote interest ln
the game the association has decided
to offer the trophy. Teams represent
ing many ¦ of , the most . prominent
schools, colleges and clubs about the
bay have entered and will make a
hot fight for the coveted prize.
It was decided to make preparations
for a California exhibit at the St. Louis
exposition and steps .will \be taken in
that line immediately. The Bisbee
gymnasium of Bisbee, Ariz., was/ad
mitted to membership in the associa
tion and RI C. Woods of Columbia
College, a former University of Cali
fornia student, was appointed to rep
resent the association in New York.
Pacific Amateur Association Decides
to Promote Interest in the Game
at the Comins Tournament. -
WIIiL. OFFER TiROrilY FOR £
PLUERS OF BASKET BALLi
Asks to Be Made Guardian.
Frank J. Kane, secretary of the Pa
cific Humane Society, petitioned the
Superior Court . yesterday to be ap
pointed guardian of the person and
estate of Mary Frances Bartels, the in
sane woman who set fire to her resU
dence in South Park a few days ago.
He also asks to be appointed guardian
of her two children, Clara Bartels,
aged 12, and Viola Bartels, 11 years
old. . : O, ; >v;
Right upon the heels of the discharge
by the Board of Education of a num
ber of mechanics that have been em
ployed on necessary repairs to the pub-,
lie school buildings comes the discov
ery by Auditor .Baehr that the same
board ' has gone into the business of
equipping,, football teams connected
with, the hi erh schools.
Yesterday there was presented to the
Auditor for his signature a demand in
the sum of $77 drawn in favor of Fred
Barthels- and covering certain articles
cf wear for the Lowell 'High SchooF
football team. Baehr thinks that this
is preliminary to the equipping of the
Polytechnic High School and Mission
High School' football teams by the
board.
Barthels is, a pupil in the school
named and is captain of the football
team. Baehr was somewhat surprised
that a demand should be made out in
favor of the pupil named, and on in
vestigation found that the firm name
on the bill for the supplies had been
cut from the bill and in that shape
it had been pasted, on the official de
mand.
Upon further inauiry Baehr learned
that the football supplies had been
bought/ from Gantner & Mattern by
Barthels and the demand was then
made out In favor of the last named.
The bill was approved by Directors
Woodward, Mark and Roncovieri and
specified the following articles as hav
ing been furnished to the team:
September 11— « padded Jerseys at $2 75. $16 50
10 pairs pants at $3 50 33 00
/ 10 pairs hose at $1 1O0O
September 4 — * padded Jerseys at %2 75. 11 00
October 1—1 pair football shoes 4 80
. Total ....":... •¦%'' 00
No sooner had the bill been sent from
the Board of Education than Barthels
appeared at the Auditor's office for the
purpose of securing " it , and . having: it
cashed; at. the city treasury.-'' 1 When
questioned • by j the Auditor's - deputies
Barthels said that h* had ordered the
goods: upon th e direction of '. Directors
Mark, and Roncovieri. Mark is chair
man of the HIeh School Committee,
and as such supervises the expenditures
of the high schools, while Roncovieri
is chairman of the Supplies Committee
and has similar but more comprehen
sive powers., ¦
-.Auditor Baehr "declined to jrive the
demand to BartheJs and declared that
he would , withhold . payment on the
ground thatit is an illegal expendi
ture of. schooh moneys. Considering
that % the Board ' of Education is con
tinually complaining that it has not
sufficient funds to hin the School De
partment properly, "' Baehr 'thinks that
an '.expenditure for .football supplies is
unwise and unwarranted, and he states
that he will positively, refuse to audit
such a demand or -any -of a similar
character. ' . -
Petitions In 'Insolvency.
Petitions in. insolvency-were filed in
the United States District* Court yes
terday as follows: : Robert P. Frazee,
brass polisher, Sacramento, liabilities
$388, no assets; Frank Cahn,' clerk in
the Emporium,' San Francisco, liabil
ities $13,726, no assets» liabilities hav
ing been contracted : in Chicago be
tween 1 8 9 0 and . 1 9 0 3 ; George A. Da
vis, .merchant and watchmaker,
Campbell, .. Santa Clara \ County," liabil
ities $704,,assets $210: :
: .The .best way to pray for the poor is
¦;
School Directors Are Stopped
by Auditor Baehr in Unwar
ranted Expenditure of Funds
HONOLULU, Dee. 11. — The Supreme Cour
of Hawaii to-dar decided that It had oi
Jurisdiction In elrftlon contest cases and dis
missed the p#tltlon of the Home liule partj
for a recount of votes cast at th» recent counts
election.
BOARD EQUIPS
A BILL TEAM
"We. have on 'exhibition: a fine line oi
framed pictures, showing: all- the new ef
fects in Flemish. Old Dutch and ebon.5
frames, with tinted mats to match; all
the newest pictures in Copley prints, pla
tinum, sepia and water colors. Good
goods and moderate prices. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
For Christmas Gift*.
for $450 75. He alleges that he gave
the company that amaunt to purchase
stocks on a margin for him with the
understanding that when he demand
ed the return of the money it was to
be refunded. Recently he asked that
the cash be restored to him and his
demand was refused, hence the suit.
- D. J. Guggenheim said It- a condition
were imposed that cars should be. un
loaded in the warehouses it would ren
der useless 89 per cent of the. spur
tracks' now in "use. He argued that
many of the warehouses were not'con
structed to permit I of cars being run
into them, and insurance rates would
be increased if such a requirement
were adopted. The committee post
poned action on the matter until next
Friday.
The -Supervisors' Judiciary arid Fin
ance" Committee yesterday began an in
vestigation into a demand of 5156 per
sented by F. A. Mantle for services
as expert to the Grand Jury. It was
stated that after Mantle had- submit
ted'the demand to- the. Supervisors he
withdrew it and then filed it with the
Auditor. Chairman Comte stated that
only J1500 was allowed the Grand Jury
for this year's expenses. Of this amount
Stenographer J. A. Vaughan is paid
$100 per month, and- Comte said fhere
would be a deficit in the, fund if care
was not taken regarding its distribu
tion. Actjon in the matter was post
poned for one week.
The proposed ordinance licensing
locksmiths aricl providing restrictive
regulations therefor was "referred to
Chief of Pplice v Wittman, who invited
interested persons to meet him at his
office oh MonSay "afternoon at 3 o'clock,
when some agreement will, arrived
at. Sonie twenty itinerant locksmiths
protested against the ordinance because
it required locksmiths to. have a fixed
place of business...
"The Supervisors' joint Committee on
"Judiciary and Streets yesterday began
consideration of a proposed ordinance
regulating spur' track privileges arid
the operation of cars thereon. The or
dinance Drovides that cars running on
spur tracks must be . unloaded Inside
the ¦warehouses, and not on the street,
and makes it unlawful to operate a car
on a spur track between 6 a. m. and 6
p.. m. on any day.
The ordinance was submitted by
George Renner, manager of the Dray
men's Association, who submitted" a
draft; of the ordinance after telling; of
the abuses- to which spur track privi
leges have . been subjected, causing
traffic to be impeded and often result
ing in death to valuable horses.
,'P.C. Rossi of the Italian-Swiss Col
ony objected to ordinance, claim
ing that it would be a hardship Jpn
those warehouses into which the siiur
tracks do not run.- Rossi said it would
be absolutely necessary to unload the
cars outside the warehouses.
Chief of Police Wittman Will
; Confer With Locksmiths Over
Measure Licensing: the Craft
GRAND JURY EXPERT'S BILL
Supervisors Consider a Pro
:. posed Ordinance, to Restrict
( Operation of the Privileges
TO REGULATE
SPUR TRACKS
THE. SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1903. '
16
HADE'S. '- J HALE'S. V J
"ilale's Aboive AH," Says Santa Claus.
|Y\ — TfT — TT;; — - . j Others besides Rae Hoffman will say that to-day when they
AJpeR I O=IN lgllt ; see what a big 1 ready Christmas v store this is ; when they see how
I And Every Night Till Christmas. we are satisfying every one. doing it without extra strain on thc
r» ±4. o li j t-» nerves or. the purse. (It's good service as well as good^goods
Pretty Belt^and Buckles -that .makes the people think of Hale's first.)>;;-,^
; "/Christmas styles are here. : . Aside from this, there are special Christmas sights to at-
— - ., tract attention to-day.-
Give "her" a new belt. - ~_^_^, "^s Windows— Santa Claus* rfflectcrs. '
f-\_ _ _ . r . i" i T . SJjtC^ . Then Jr.side the store fs th« mammoth Broolt-
Ur a-Set OI new DUCkleS. , J^T^ lyn Brid S« built up therf« abov* your heads
ij,...' „ oiiV«« k«n^ t~~ j.~, _^srtA<^->- with handkerchiefs. Golns across It ar<* the
iicre are pretty belts- tor §I.OO, dolH«s with their buggies ami automobiles.
, $1.25, $2.00, $2.50 and S3.OO. T3T?"'t113 3? i *° me of them waging, all of them as nat-
D|..l, <-**\ n nn*c J.i ,-ntcli ,ff,rt« i 13smi-Jl-»- ura! as '"e— sitgrsestlve of one of th« ways
Black oatin ones in crush ettects. J » i e mi*l « to chri«tm». haziness.
($I.OO.) .:,¦ ;'• 2 2 5. «^» * I .'<•'• Tnen look U I> "» the court at Santa Claus*
Rlarlf rillf rlrairi -nn^e 'with nrn . ygjV g., ~ home, where the Icicles are hanKinr and th«
CiacK SlUC Waid ones Wltll pen- 3H>2^^^^E3 --¦'--" icebercs are floating ln the water. Look
dants and crocheted ornaments pr yr \f*nrtf"~%' again, there is his cave. There he is at
($1 } •" "' r ] '>^> ¦¦¦•¦¦ V-' : -- ' ¦'- *rr> fer^Q-JJ! !»¦!<>:. i work. There are tho things he has Just
r>7 1 •'¦''¦. '¦ ¦' ¦¦•"¦"'¦ ¦•' " r "- ! '• 1 . - \^i ¦"¦TT"r^ made.
lilack peau ; de SOieS With long W <^ fi. But don't stop on th# main floor. Go to the
narrow ornaments for the back. \ 6^ I) ~£?~t£?J*l2 s ? anta ? aas ' Ar K aaIler y-
/<j Y _,_ \ / " :. ; •?*»_/ / where there are almost six thousand pen and
vyi-50.,/ . y r pictures the children hav» been sending
: Here arc some beautiful ribbon S»~. -Ck»-« \ V r. U9 ,iIS « hl »« s^ nta i Cla -i IS f 0 " 1 " 4 -
belts, soft ones with medallion or- w n* Lr s a w , I fcj 1 £$L 'Jnl^S £*%£* o7t"
naments ($2.00.) .,, - h^k But best of all bring the children
lnose larce chain belts with me- / [ i down to
dallions, coiored Indian heads, are A / C7^«. C<-. M 4-» T 1 m» « a
• $2.50 and $3.00. ¦ jJkm^ TfTT Aim ee banta T o-Night,
Bead belts in black, white, blue KXBBmWBJIUlL LjJ LlfeFKlSik tf'k 7:30 to 9 O'clock.
and black and white, are $1 50. He will be up in his ice palace in
Those girdle belts with tassels mKSMymMiM^^ud^^B^^^S the court making up his list for his
and animal heads, $1.00 to $10.00. Christmas ev.e trip. See him going
Rnrklpc • NhvpI Irfoac E « EOTTU&s, through his records finding out
DUIK1CS . rNOVei lUeaS. Age 15 Ycarg> 2 i25 Jones Street. who has been a good boy and girl
Here they are in settings with _ g ¦ ' - Maybe he will tell you who some
ornaments for t^e back; . a buckle Flannelette Wrappers. of them are.
with a dainty angel's head as well Some of them third off
as chain and pendants, 50c. o -'.- , . , , r . lO»Dav Tov I let
Here's onedesign in two pretty 'Some of tnem at half-price. Jg 1 ° y USt '
leaf shapes, another like a pond lily, All of them as good as they 50c Table craquet at 33c. Four maiiets
- 75c. - . .. can be— new and dressy. and tape; aii put « p dove!
. Those set in '.-jewels, topazes, „ _ c1 ,_ ' • Ten Pins. 6-luch ones of hardwood, striped
amethysts and turquoises, are $iroo. /VC VoC 5>I.xy- «nd varnished. 15c set. others at 23«.
;:,'; v , lnose in , gun metal With rhine- Not one of them worth less than Dull Oak Extension Tables, -with eztrs. leaf,
StOnes and coral v settings, $2.50. $1.25. and from that up to $2.50. stands 10 Inches hlfh, measures ao^xli
Prptrv hii'rtlp with two TianH- They're all the newest styles, with full Inches; 21c.
iretty DUCkie Wltll^ two »a"a- sk , r J s lar fuJ1 B i e eves. deep Doll Chairs, red and whfts enameled. «llt
some topaz ornaments and gold flounces; most of them have braid „ -trimmed. 10c.
bad: $3.00. >, trimming, ruffles, yokes, all in the best y * Baseballs, full size, sewn with heavy
/"L • a, ~irT C colors; excellent fitting garments. Bo ys' Soldier' Suits, in wMch thers !, a
L/nnstmas Feriumes k* the result of one of thc bi s- 9 s? d M 5 B .?fcShS : r S? 1 "" at
Doubly desirable now: not only Rest -wrapper deals the Hale stores Hors ; 3 . covered with real skinf stand on
the fragrance within, but thc Christ- - have made ' £ h £ trorm »- »* * Sc '' lSe - •*• •^
mas air that surrounds each of them." The cloak section has other good .' *** W^rL com* >« th« ™««,h, M
Some are putty in little Christmas news to _ day . a^ d d 0 ! / tn^c^^Tf you w'r^^S
baskets, Others in plush-lined boxes. XT r r- . „ e . . • c ... tmm the afternoons this week or last Saturday
tr ,.» .^ v. 2i! i.k - , New Christmas Styles in Suits (es- evenlnj you will a D preclat« this advlct.
E Ze"oH* er b^ets with a bottle of per-^ pec ; a i Iy Zibelines). Plain and
1 ounce bottles of very choice perfumes ln lit- * fancy ones, even at $16.50. French AliXCCl CatldieS
tie .boxes. 20c. Christmas styles in jackets. o - ..
%S ri iwoorthe^KV u &x in B(te"" mi - BC6b0t " Christmas styles in Waists. Silk *
Here 'are nuie cases with thr"ee bottles of Tap- ones, mercerized ones, flannel ¦ Bonbons and Chocolates.
pan's popular perfumes, ?1.50. . ones: . ¦ That's to-day s best candy news. It will
,.:-.- , • ' — , . . , ¦¦¦;. - t^ . maki> us candy busy to-day. — —
-.k-i-'.. , ¦ 1 .i,t,t n .w*«»h. n.. Christmas Styles in Dressing Ri*ht when so many folks ars thinking of
Atomizers are right next to the per- Sacaues Ba f h Robes «*n<ly comes this chance to pay so little and
fumes. 25c to $1.50. . aacques, ca.n rvooes. B et so much and «t it so Bood.
- Then come Powdar Jars, 25c Hale's candles are fresh-
to $5.00. Beautiful Bohemian T-'K- fF^FT '4Q*rfP not P°° rl y nor cheaply made,
glass affairs with decorated eel- Gp^/ffi/^^W/ /jBffl Impend upon us for your
lU Then "look at theso, Mirrors for J^Vy<^£^^<^^^^ «lrearly brir.cinc out somo
50cf'65c C to°$10. Here's one 'with '&I — . "^^^ ways.
an easel back for '"11101" to use — * *-^^L m *&tMjQM% GOQ^St^^ t l ea -" uit taffy, ln half-pound
when shaving. 75c. tmm *—~ **w>~Z^ bars. 1Q C .
ADViEBTISEMENTB. t - - '. ' '
2 Trading Stamps for I
SATURDAY
\2sSs) Between Uh and 7tb, opp. Jones St. '(§|SgJ
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
THE AMAZING
AUTOMATON
Psycho
Has been secured for a
limited engagement to give
daily recitals in our show
window upon thc marvel-
ous musical instrument, the
Piano Player
Recitals 3:30 to 5 p. m.
and 750 to 9 p. m.
Wnj.Gurtaz*son
16 O'Farrcll St, San Francisco.
Open Evenings.
ADVEBTI3EMENT3.
I Weathered OaK -I
I Flemish Oak i
Golden OaK ]
Furniture I
20% DISCOUNT I
From Regular Prices I
DINIHG-ROOM
FURNITURE I
I BEDROOM* FURNITURE I
i: LIBRARY FURNITURE |i
HALL FURNITURE |:
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.
Ninth and MarKet Streets I
Lundstrom Hats
Are reliable, up to data and mod'
_ erstely priced. They're, not "chean"
. hats, but srood hats. Good enough
for any one. We guarantee oar
black hatn to be absolutely non-
faOable. The largest . assortment * j,
of- winter Derbies and soft hat3 -&JB
ever shown. Our DODnlar prices ror
gcod hats are
$2.50 and $3.50.
They're union made and fan
value. S«» that your next hat ts a
reliable •¦Lundstrom."
Pacific Coast Hat
Works,
Makers of Peliabls Up-to-data
Hats.
1458 Market Street,
Directly Opp. Central Theater.
and 605 Kearny Street.
Hat orders for Christmas.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRLNX
Best NATURAL Alkalino Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San FrancLsca
* ** < -~ t "'<W)ilHHi MSKUMBCKS^' - \ ™
MARKS B 5^5v__ w _ v/ _^^^
Holiday Specials That Will Spread Like Wildfire
We Iwue merchandise orders. They are appropriate and up to date hoHday_Kifts^
HOLIDAY NECKWEAR I t PRETTIEST EVER SHOWN.
All the December latest styles, kinds, cofors and combinations on display
in our center a is 'e and our regular neikweir department. - Take your cfioica at
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c • upwards to $2.50.
j ? — r-, : — z \ A grand collection of exclusive
HOL/UAr BELTS\
Special at 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00 upwards to $4.00.
HOLIDAY LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
For Men and Women. —
Special at 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c upwards to $2.00.
Some are embroidered with scalloped edges. Some hemstitched and some
are lace trimmed. A holiday: handkerchief. BOX FREE with every HALF
DOZEN HANDKERCHIEFS. . ' '-.....', .........'.
r~"~ ~~~~ : "~~ ~ Don't let this chance pass unnoticed if you
STi/D Bfi AS want novelties in white and gray fur boas. V/£
\. rUn D YrY\ yards long. . . .
An exceptional value at $1.50. Worth $4.00.
COLD WEATHER MAKES KNH 'UNDERWEAR WELCOME.
A T "¦'¦¦¦. Women 's Vests ; silk AT Women '« Vests or fonts
V-oo^^rSi. '" s soc •" ,'""' r? ¦/%"""¦
$1.25 value. .' sold regularly for 75c.
CORSETS tor Slender and; Large Figures.
I 1 Price placed upon our $2.00 W. B. or Warner's Corsets,
,0^ ' mm'** • for to-day only, guaranteed rust proof. Hose supporters
¦± V J • & U; - attached. ". Extender hip, double side steels. '. They're hand-
—mmmmmmmmmml somely trimmed. \Come in black, drab and white.
< ' HOLIDAY BOX HOSIERY. " ~]
At 25c, 35c, 50c pr. $1.50 per Box. * $3.00 per Box .
Lace Lisle Hose, as-; Women's drop stitch All over French Lisle
Xri^rRE^'wHh'et Silk Finish flose,e P rs. Lace Hose. Assorted
ery % dozen Hosiery. in box ' ' : patterns, 3 pair in box.,
-.HOLIDAY LEATHER GOODS... . I
Special [at 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c upwards to $7 .50.
v On all of your future shopping expeditions carry one of our choice holiday
Carriage or Wrist Bags'. \ Fitted - with purse and card case to match. - Made of
morocco' and alligator leather. . , ; . • t ; r
CHILDREN'S .PURSES in all the leading' shades, on special sale to-day at
, ¦¦ ¦'.-••¦'.. 10c, 15c, 25candu6. ¦ / ¦ y ¦ .¦:: -
HOLIDAY SILK MUFFLERS * :
:¦ At $1.00, $1.25, $1.50; $1.75, $2.00 and upwards.
Made with deep hemstitched border! full width, extra long. Initials stamped
r ..:,.. < •- V.: '. \ free of charge. .' ' .
Cfi n "7 c n For Kay ser, Silk, Double Tipped Oloves.- Colors, black and
DUCj I [PC -white. .SI. 00 values. :, .
* SANTA { PI J//C i TV '"l' be ln "attendance to-day at MARKS BROS.' "Home or Hon-
-,0/llff i n,_ t/4./l»/u : est Values," and will give each child accompanied by parent a
EOXOF CAN U7. '• •: ' ; i" . : . -r/ -.
; - Green TRADING STAMPS given. with every purchase. '-'-, '¦}'
', Cummenclng Monday - f evening,"' Dece mber 14. open every, night until Christmas,
MARKS BROS. 1a20.1222.1224 Iwabket street.
L"Hontstya*ues!'- . Between Taylor and Jones.
.. ¦ ADV3EBTISEMENTS.
e® Awaits Mothers, their Boys and Little Chaps at JM&<>
ttL Brown's. The gift-giving has begun, and all
"ijj^ through the Holidays the Juvenile Department will /^/^^m
ng be a veritable toy shop of wonderful playthings / / -l||
free to all purchasers of the smartest Suits that // 7 / |]
W^ ever gladdened the lad's heart. A great assort- |'( / jimnj-
ment of Etons, Russian Blouses and Sailor Suits to \\\i\ j ,"-•// ','jwS
$§t choose from. For the older lads there's two and
1§S three piece Suits, and the swellest, manliest Ny||Pf^
|| REEFER OVERCOATS jl
$4.00, $5.00 and $6.00 qualities, Our Price $ff!!
KS. Complete departments to clothe Man, Boy or Child. — - -tx^^^^
M '¦'"¦ 3^iT_.T_. to :m:.a-:is!\ - (^^^§|