Continued on Page 3, Column 7.
-yvOME, July 8, 2:15 a..m. — Pope-Leo is now sleeping; but
A^ his head lies uneasy on the pillow. The alleviation
• \* brought about by yesterday's operation for removing the
fluid from his pleura was followed later in the evening by- a rest
less^period, and fresh doses of chloral, digitalis and caffeine had
to.be administered. Under their influence the Pontiff fell into a
slumber, which, however, was not very peaceful, on accoimt of the
difficulty the patient has in breathing, i Seeing Dr. Lapponi al
ways by his bedside, the Pope, .just before falling asleep, said
kindly to him :
"Now it is your turn to-night. You must sleep."
Throughout the Vatican absolute calm prevails to-night, the
excitement of yesterday having to a great extent died out with the
revival of hope after ,the announcement that yesterday's Operation
was ended with success. ...
Dr. Mazzoni fears a reproduction of f the • serum in the; Pope's
pleura, in which case the operation of yesterday will have to be
repeated in about two days. - l \
Statement by Dr. Mazzoni.
Dr. Mazzoni .was besieged byrelatives and friends of the
Continued on Page 3, Columns 3 and 4.
Pope and by journalists inquiring- as to the result of the operation
and his prognosis of the disease. He made the following state
ment:
"When one considers 'that the Pope should be dead by this
time the unexpected may happen and there is still hope. His re
sisting so long and maintaining ¦ perfect lucidity of mind' means
that, notwithstanding the pneumonia, the affection of the kidneys
and the difficulty in breathing, there is no poisoning of the blood.
Between being at the point of death and returning 1 to what his
Holiness is to-night there is certainly such a difference as to permit
"To properly understand the change which has taken place it
must'be considered that on Monday the conviction was so sure
that he would die during the night that, notwithstanding the con
trary opinion of Dr. Lapponi, those surrounding the Pope insisted
on having extreme unction administered. Evil tongues even in
sinuated that some members of Pope Leo ? s : ; immediate circle
counted on the bad effects that such a function was likely to pro
duce on a -weakened organism, but the Pope resisted splendidly.
Indeed, he seems to have acquired; fresh strength.
Patient Becomes Restless After Undergoing Surgical Op°
eration and Is I£ept Under the Influence of Drugs.
The Dying Pontiff, the Papal Residence and Two Princes of the Church.
The freight train was in charge of Con
ductor Brubeck and Engineer Hale, and
at the time of the accident was on the re
turn run from Lynchburg to Charlottes
ville. Rocknsh station. Is midway, be
tween these two points and - the track
there is a single one. : Engineer. Hale had
orders to get out of the way of the fast
passenger train, but for some reason he
overstayed his time and > had , failed . to
take the siding so that the passenger
train could pass.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., July 7.-
Southern Railway passenger train No. 35,
southbound, ran into an open switch at
Rocknsh depot, twenty miles south of
this city, at 3 o'clock this afternoon,
smashing into a local freight head on.
The passenger engine and the express
coaches were demolished and the baggage
car telescoped through the second-class
passenger coach in the rear. In the latter
was a party of immigrants, all of whom
were killed or injured. The dead number
twenty-four and the- Injured thirteen. The
identified dead:
ENGINEER JAMES McCORMICK of
Charlottesville.
ENGINEER CHARLES DAVIS of Al
exandria, Va.
THOMAS SHEPARD of Charlottesville,
brakeman on freight train.
CHARLES T. GAY of Charlottesville,
freight fireman.
J. E. LOWE, colored, Baltimore.
CHARLES T. LEITCH, colored, dining
car waiter.
C, C. OWEN. Philadelphia.
ADAM VOCOSAVLEV1CH, Austrian:
boy.
BARILANI GUGLIELMO, Austrian wo
man.
Two unknown Austrian women and an
unknown mulatto woman.
Most of the Immigrants were Austrians
and were bound for points as far distant
as California.
TWO TRAINS
IN HEAD-ON
COLLISION
We will question the right of any street rail
way company to transfer its franchise to any
other concern on the ground that such a pro
ceeding invalidates the franchise. Should this
be the law, and I think it is. the Interests of
my clients would naturally be jeopardized. In
that the city at any time might proceed to have
the old franchises revoked on the ground of a
violation of their provisions. It U a notorious
fact that the whole street railway deal was a
prearranged affair, in which a foreign corpora
tion, after gaining *' majority of the stock,
called epecial meetings of the boards of direct-
PBEARRANGED AFFAIR.
An effort will be made to show that the
latter corporation sent its agents -to San
Francisco, where they bought up a suffi
cient amount of the stock of the different
railroad corporations to give them a ma
jority vote at the meeting of the com
panies and then proceeded, at special
meeting of stockholders, called for that
particular purpose, to vote to the foreign
corporation the holdings of the roads, to
gether with their franchises. In discuss
ing the suit yesterday afternoon Attor
ney Collins said:
Before accepting th!» ca*e I looked thoroughly
Into the lawe and fullr satisfied myself that
the contentions cf my clients are well founded
and merit the fullest consideration of the Supe
rior Court. The f=ult will be brought by stock
holders who were never agreeable to the trans
fer of the roads. They believe and always did
believe that the entire transaction was illegal,
and Jt 1* for the purpoM of protecting their
own interert* a» stockholders of the old com
panies, that is, preventing a revocation of the
old franchise*, that they have decided en this
ruit. We have had presented to u« by tho*e
who are inclined to combat our contentions in
thib matter the fact that the last Legislature
immnd an amendment to the State law so as to
legalize the transfer of a local franchise to a
foreign corporation, a change which, I under
stand, i'u made in order to allow the Santa Fe
Company to secure righU of way to the shore
lines of the San Francisco Day.
The deal in the local street railways, how
ever, preceded the adoption of the law cf If)03,
which cannot foe retroactive so as to be ?nade
applicable to the properties Involved in our
case.
The action will be brought in the inter
est of the minority of the old stockholders
of the Market Street Railway Company.
Sutter Street Railway Company and the
Eutro line, and one of the stockholders
of the latter corporation, named Kelley,
Will be used as a plaintiff in the proceed
ings. For grounds for the suit the com
plaint will set forth that the companies
named violated the conditions of their
respective franchises in transferring the
latter over to another corporation. The
plaintiff, for himself and in behalf of
those who are supposed to be associated
¦with him in the proceedings, will endea
vor to prove that the United Railroads,
through a foreign corporation known as
the United Railway Investment Company
of New Jersey, acquired possession of the
local roads through unfair and unlaw
ful methods.
-A suit involving the validity of all the
trancactiens of the United Railroads
from the time that it absorbed the local
street railway lines to the Issuance of its
bonds and its assumption of the manage
ment of the great railway system is
about to be instituted in this city. It
was announced yesterday that to-day or
to-morrow an action will be brought in
the Superior Court, requesting the latter
to grant a decree setting aside the sale of
the variors franchises of local railways to
the United Railroads Company and to
adjudge the transaction void and that a
receiver be appointed to operate the lines
concerned until such time as the old com
panies can be reorganized and receive back
the properties which they* formerly con
trolled. For some time financial circles
have been somewhat agitated over re
ports that dissatisfaction prevailed among
many of the old stockholders of the lines
formerly operated under the management
of the Market Street Railway Company,
the Buttrr Street Railway Company and
their respectl\-e adjuncts.
Accompanying these reports were inti
mations that preparations were under
way to bring the matter into court -with a
view cf determining whether or not the
big deal, effected two years ago through
the medium cf the Union Trust Company
of this city and Brown Bros, of New
York, was not contrary to the laws of
the State and wholly irregular. Tester
day confirmation of these reports was
Riven out with the additional information
that the papers in the suit •were in the
hands of Attorney George Collins and
ready for filing.
FOREIGN CORPORATION.
United Railroads Threatened
With Suit hy Local
Shareholders.
Legality of Sale of
Streetcar Lines
Questioned.
Stockholders Want
Court to Name
Receiver,
MAY DISRUPT
THE COMBINE
OF RAILWAYS
DOME, July 8, 6:55 A. M. —The Pope, awakening this morning, did not speak. He was somewhat irritable and it seemed
as though the blankets and other bedclothes were too heavy, so he kicked them off, at the imminent risk of taking a fresh
cold, which would be absolutely fatal. The doctors consider that altogether his Holiness has had a favorable night All is tranquil
at the Vatican. Dr. Lapponi at 6 o'clock had gone to sleep:
POPE LEO PASSES NIGHT IN BROKEN SLUMBER,
EXPERIENCING MUCH DIFFICULTY IN BREATHING
DISAPPEARS
AND ADDS TO
THE MYSTERY
Dr. Woods Hastily
Departs From
a JlIODuL
Body of Colonel Best
to Be Exhumed for
Autopsy.
Officials Find Poison Vials
in Marin and Requisi
tion Is Wanted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Determined to sift
to the bottom the mysterious death of
Colonel William J. Best In San Rafael
last April, Charles S. Best, one of his
sons, went before the Prosecuting Attor
ney of Essex County, New Jersey, in
Newark to-day and made arrangements
to have the body exhumed from the fami
ly plot in the cemetery in Caldwell, N. J.,
so that an autopsy may be made to ascer
tain if death was due to other than natur
al causes.
This will be done to-morrow afternoon
and the family is of the opinion, as out
lined in the son's affidavit sent to the Cal
ifornia authorities, that It will be found
that Colonel Best was killed by an unnec
essary administration of morphine.
Coincident with this action the family
heard some news which came in the na
ture of a surprse. It was that Dr. John
Donald Woods, in whose home in San Ra
fael Colonel Best died, had disappeared
¦fronr^ his hotel In Atlantic City, taking
the- woman who posed In California as
his sister, and the little girl, who. she
says, is her daughter. The doctor had
promised to make an explanation In writ
ing to Colonel Best's two sons, telling all
he knew of the causes which led to their
father's death. This was to have been
done to-day, but on Monday night he paid
his bill at the hotel, had his trunks moved
from the house and now is not to be
found.
It has been ascertained that Dr. Woods
has had a remarkable career since he was
pastor of a Methodist church In Port Alle
gheny, Pa. Dismissed from the church
after a conference of ministers had found
him guilty of a charge of having two
wives, he forfeited his bail rather than
stand trial on a criminal charge made by
his first wife. But she is now with him
and it is said that she is the woman who
posed as his widowed sister in San Rafael.
Of Woods* history In various parts of
the country, particularly in the eastern
States, much is told by the head of a de
tective agency In this city which was em
ployed to look into his record.
Woods was accused of offering to swear
falsely |n defense of a Dr. Bllnn, who
was indicted for causing: a woman's death
by malpractice, and asking $1000 for his
testimony. He afterwards confessed that
he offered to give the testimony for a con
sideration. Woods was graduated from a
"wild cat" medical college.
OFFICERS FIND VIALS.
Woods' Former House Searched and
Requisition Will Be Sought.
SAN RAFAEL, July 7.-Detectlves who
have been working on the case of Colonel
W. J. Best of New York City, who died
at the home of John Donald Woods and
Alice Cloy Wood In this city on April 6,
1D03, have made rapid progress, and Dis
trict Attorney Boyd will to-morrow pre
pare the necessary papers asking Gov
enor Pardee to have Woods and Miss
Wocd' brought back to Matin County for
trial.
It has been ascertained that Woods,
who professed to be a physician, pur
chased poisons from local druggists. P.
Inman admitted that he sold Woods
aconite. The authorities to-day unearthed
a case containing several vials, but all
were empty. Analysis, however, proved
that they had contained aconite and other
poisons. This case was hidden away in
the house formerly occupied by Woods.
A hypodermic syringe was also discov
ered.
The officials declare now that Woods
committed perjury on March 20. 190X On
that date Deputy County Clerk Frank
Holland visited his home and registered
him to vote. At that time Woods awore
he was a native of California and a phy
sician. The District Attorney says he
has evidence to prove that Woods Is nei
ther a native of this State nor a physi
cian.
Dr. TV. F. Jones stated to the District
Attorney to-day that during one of his
visits to 729 Fifth avenue, where Woods
resided, and when Colonel Best lay ill,
he noticed that Best showed mo3t peculiar
symptoms. These symptoms, the doctor
asserted, under other circumstances
would have caused him to be particularly
skeptical, but from the fact that he had
been called in at first only as a consulting
physician, and as Woods was at that
time rated as a reputable physician, he
only asked a few questions. Woods told
his associate that he. had noticed the same
symptoms in Best's case during a prior
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 38.
The San Francisco Call.and the Kearsarge and her consorts red
and gresn. The feature of the illumina
tion was the display by the searchlights
of the Victoria and Albert, which formed
four different colors, the whole resemb
ling a rainbow. The scene, crowned by
the full moon, was most picturesque.
The dinner given by Admiral Hotham
was characterized by much warmth of
feeling. There were no formal toast3 ex
cept to King Edward and the President
of the United States, and no set speeches.
Admiral Cotton sat on the left of Lady
Hotham. Among the others at- the table
were Admiral Sir John Hopkins!, Sir Rob
ert Arbuthnot and other notable men.
Lord Charles Beresford was unable to be
present owing to an attack of gout.
The following dispatch has en re
ceived, by Admiral Cotton:
BUCKINGHAM PALACE. July 7.— Admiral
ColtOJ). United States Battleship Kearsarge:
Admiral Cotton vigorously denies the re
port which appeared in the German news
papers that more than a hundred men de
serted from 1 hi3 squadron at Kiel. The
admiral declares that the discipline of
the'crew3 is excellent.
The King. welcomes you and your squadron to
Kngland, and is looking forward to greeting
you und your brother officers In London.
Admiral Cotton immediately replied as
follows: . .'¦¦"¦ ."V".'" '.
FLAGSHIP KEARSARGE. PORTSMOUTH.
— Lord Knollye, Secrttary to His Mejesty. King
Kdward VII. Buckingham Palace. London:
Rear Admiral Cotton acknowledges with grate
ful 'appreciation his Majesty's cordial welcom*
to himself and officers of the squadron under
his command to England and anticipates 'with
great pleasure the honor or meeting and pay
ing his respects to hln Majesty in London.
Admiral Cotton and the American offi
cers, while in London, will be quartered
at various hotels as the guests of the
nation.
COMMANDER OF THE AMERICAN SQUADRON NOW AT PORTSMOUTH.
HIS FLAGSHIP AND DISTINGUISHED ENGLISH NAVAL OFFICER
WHO WELCOMED HIM TO THE SHORES OF ENGLAND.
LEBANON. Pa.. July 7/— David Shaud,
who thot and killed Mrs. Ida Becker and
Policeman Cyrus Shaeffer. : was ' hanged
here to-day. Shaud, who became angry
at Mrs. Becker for testifying against' him
in court/ met' the woman on 1 the street
and if hot and killed her. When the police
man went to arrest him at his home
Shaud also chot and 1 led him.
¦ ? « ' ¦'" ¦ -
DETROIT, ' July ".—The new $00,000.Cruci
form chap«l of the Sisters of the 'Good : fihep
herd at their house here v.-as consecrated to
day by Monslgnor Archbishop Falconlo, Papal
delegate at Washington.
Pays Penalty for Two Murders.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— Quartermaster
Humphrey has received a cablegram from
Colonel Atwood. confirming the press dis
patches about the transport Sumner run
r.inj; on a reef. He adds that the Suni
ner has been' pulled off, but her hull
was damaged to the extent that the
pumps were unable to keep the water
down. After steaming twenty-five miles
to Mauban she was beached on a mud
bottom. She had a pilot aboard. The
master of. the Sumncr thinks the damage
is not serious. /
Transport Suxnner Is Beached.
DENVER. Colo.. July 7.— The striking
Emeltermen and all others were enjoined
this afternoon from interfering with op
eration of the Grant and Globe smelters.
The Injunction was issued by Judge Wal
ter Dixon of. Pueblo, Kitting in tho Dis
trict Court here, and was made on com
plaint of the American Smelting and Re
fining Company.
The officers of the Western Federation
of Miners • and the American Labor
Union are among those enjoined afTd they
are forbidden to post pickets or publish
orders, statements, rules or directions
commanding any employes of the plaintiff
not to continue work or inducing persons
not to enter the employment of the
plaintiff-
COLORADO COURT ENJOINS
THE STBIKING SMELTEEMEN
Forbids Them to PcBt Pickets or In
terfere With the Men Who Have
Taken Their Places.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 7.— That part
of the Oregon Short Line Railroad sys
tem south of Salt Lake City was formally
turned over to the Los Angeles. Salt Lake
and San Pedro Railroad- at midnight and
became part of the system Senator W. A.
Clark of Montana "and associates are
building in Southern California. Word
was received at the headquarters of the
Salt Lake road yesterday that all the de
tails of the transfer of the road and roll-
Ing stock had ben completed and' notify
ing tnc officials to take charge at -nm
night. Since the first of the month all the
business of the road south of Salt Lake
had b*>en done under separate booking, so
the transfer was but a formality. The
work of building the road across South
ern Nevada will be pushed with all speed,
both from the Utah and California ends
ot the Salt Lake road.
Oregon Lhort Line System South of
Salt Lake Ir. Formally Trans
ferred to ' Him.
SENATOR CLARK ASSUMES
CONTROL OF ANOTHER ROAD
During Admiral Cotton's visit to Ad
miral Hotham. tho latter, recalled the
fact that they had previously met at
Esquimau, when Admiral Hotham com
manded the British Pacific squadron, and
Admiral Cotton was In command of the
Philadelphia. Admiral Hotham reiterated
personally the i warm message of welcome
which he had previously transmitted to
Admiral Cotton at Spithead. > :;.V :
The Americans were presented to Lady
Hotham and others.
Immediately after Admiral Cotton* re
turned on beard the Kearsarge Admiral
Hotham and his staff, returned; Admiral
Cotton's call. Deputy Governor Cochrane
of the Isle of • Wight also called on Ad
miral Cotton.
Subsequently the American officers end
ed their official visits by calling on the
Mayor of Portsmouth.
¦; .While .'Admiral Hotharrftentertained Ad
miral Cotton and the American. captains
at dinner to-night, the Junior officers of
the United States -vessels were dining on
board the British gunnery f ship Excellent.
The English; and American ships;were;Il- !
luminated to-night, the spectacle attract
ing"; thousands of onlookers, who^ watched
It from the flag-decked streets. Outside
Spithead the British Channel,, squadron
lay outlined In: white electric lights. The
royal yacht .Victoria- arid Albert, ; moored
a few hundred yards from the Kearsarge,
was alone dressed : in a:, 'different color
scheme, being decorated with red| 'white
and green : lights. ! At 10; o;clock ; all the
vessels turned i on their ."¦. searchlights; the
British warships i flashing red and blue
As the KearsarKe approached tho Jetty
"attention" was sounded on the Victoria
and Albert, the Vlctoty and the other
phips in the harbor, a courtesy which was
returned from the Kearsarge's deck, on
which were drawn up an admiral's guard
of fifty marines, under thj command of
Lieutenant Colly.
' "'When the Kearsarge was berthed Sir
William Dupree, the Mayor of Ports
mouth, boarded her and greeted Admiral
Cotton, saying:
"The people of Portsmouth welcome the
American squadron and extend to its of
ficers and men all the courtesies they can
ofter." -.*«,-:'.
Admiral Cotton replied, expressing: his
pleasure' on behalf of the. United States.
Admiral Milne, commander of the royal
yachts, specially detailed by King Ed
ward to welcome the Americans, arrived
on board the Kearsarge and was received
by Admiral Cotton and Captain Hcmphill.
Admiral Milne expressed the gratifica
tion of Kins Edward at the arrival of the
squadron, and. in behalf of the King, : wel
comed it to England.
Subsequently Admiral Cotton. Capta.n
Hemphill and the staff officers visited the
navar officials, escorted by an admiral's
guard and a band.
Admiral Cotton has designated the of
ficers whn aro tf> attend the gtate ball at
Buckingham Palace^ London. Wednesday,
in honor of President Loubet. Besides
Rear Admiral Cotton and all the Ameri
can commanders, the list Includes a num
ber of lieutenants and ensigns and repre
sentatives of the medical and pay staffs.
MAKE OFFICIAL VISITS.
WEXCOMES THE SQUADRON.
PORTSMOUTH. England, July 7.-
With the boom of cannon, tho
British fleet, on behalf of King
Edward ( welcomed the United
States European squadron to
Great Britain's naval headquarters this
morning. The gunboat Machias joined the
flagship Kearsarge, the CTUcago and the
San Francisco early in the morning, and
shortly after 8 o'clock signals began to
flutter from the mastheads of" the Ameri
can and British ships. The latter, in obe
dience to a signal from L/ord Charle3
Beresford. the commander of the channel
squadron, formed two lines, and down this
lane of huge gray warships moved the
Americans, their white sides gleaming in
the sunlight.
National salutes were fired by each
squadron, which was followed by an ex
change of salutes to Rear Admiral Cot
ton and Vice Admiral Beresford.
Subsequently the two admirals ex
changed'calls on the -flagships, according
tho usual honors as each came over the
side. V.'<~i
At high tide the American warships
entered the harbor, led by the Kearsarge,
which was moored south of the railroad
jetty and within a stone's throw of Nel
son's old flagship, tne Victory; King Ed
ward's yacht, the Victoria and Albert, and
the battleship f Collingwood. flagship of
Admiral Hotham. the commander in chief
of Portsmouth.
Of the ten men who were fined $100 each
in the Police Court to-day for carrying
concealed weapons nine were negroes.
Tho Grand Jury to-day returned twenty
indictments against rioters. The capiases
have not been served and the namt»3 of
the rioters have not been made public.
Tho indicted are said to be well-known
citizens.
SINISTER THREATS HEARD.
Martial law will not be declared until
there is renewed trouble. General McKee
said to-nizht that it had been reported
that threats were made by leaders of the
rioters when they saw the troops arriving
that they "would net do a thing to those
negroes' protectors"^ before daylight.
The Central Labor Union joined with
the Mayer this afternoon in a proclama
tion urging the citizens to remain in their
hemes to-nieht and maintain order. '.
The negro fin? company has left the city
under advice of the Mayor and its place
in the department has been filled 1 with
white men. The negroes had become so
frightened that they were regarded as un
fitted to perform their duties and were re
lieved from duty at their own request.
The trocps marched through a quiet,
curious crowd of several thousand per
sons. There was not a negro in sight.
In the meantime the Evansville, Terre
Haute and Vincennes companies had gone
into camp, around the Courthouse and
jail, witn sentries and pickets lined out.
No one was, allowed to approach within
»00 yards of the jail. General McKee or
dered the Martineville company to relieve
the companies around the Jail for a part
of the night, and the Indianapolis com
panies and the battery went into camp in
Sunset Park, six squares from the Jail.
General McKee, on his arrival this af
ternocn, held a consultation with the
Mayor and a committee of fifteen promi
nent citizens designated by the Mayor as
a committee of safety. At tnia meeting
there wore some expressions of severe
criticism of, the coyrse of Mayor Covert.
Genera! McKee asked for the co-operation
of Sheriff Kratz, but that official tele
phoned from the jail that it would be
death for him to leave the protection of
the troops, and he is still entrenched be
hind the guns of the soldiers and the
walls of the prison. General McKee was
asked by the citizens for all troops possi
ble, and said he could pour 3000 soldiers
into the city before daylight if necessary-.
He said he thought the 400 rifles which
had arrived would be sufficient for all
emergencies.
All saloons were ordered closed at noon,
and the order was obeyed to-night. The
general expression heard in the streets is:
"Wait until the soldiers so away. There
wHJ be trouble again. This thing is not
over yet." .•:. ; .- ."
NOT A NEGE0 .IN SIGHT.
EVAXSVILLE. Ir.d.. July 7.— After the
carnage last night Evansville to-night is
obeying the orders of the Mayor and the
residents are keeping off the streets.
Nine persons are dead, one is dying, three
others are fatally wounded and twenty
one more or less injured.
Four died to-day— Frank Lamble, aged
2S, shot through the chin and breast;
Fred Kappler, Jacob E. Beck,\ a barber,
shot through the brain, and Charles Tay
lor, a wagonmaker, who was an onlocker
and did not participate in the attack on
the troops, and who was shot in the
back. > .'.,
John Barrett is dying from shot wounds
received from the volley fired into trie
mob and his physicians say he cannot live
till morning. The previously unidentified
dead man has been recognized as Robert
\V. Bock, who was shot in the head dur
ing the volley from the Courthouse de
fenders last night.
Eight companies of militia and one
light battery are in Evansville. The 400
soldiers are armed with rifles, and the
light battery has a Gatling gun. The
Terre Haute company arrived this after
noon and relieved the Vincennes "and
Evansville companies in guarding the
jail. An hour later Brigadier General Mc-
Kee. in command of the Indiana National
Guard, arrived" and assumed command of
the troops. At 8:15 o'clock to-night a spe
cial train arrived, bearing: three compa
nies and a battery of artillery from In
dianapolis; also a company from Martins
ville.
An examination was at once made of
the neighborhood and it was found that in
the direction from which the bullet must
have come there was a high 1 board fence.
In the fence at a point from which the
shot must have been fired was a hole that
had been recently sawed, about four inch
es wide and twelve inches long. This
fence is built across a lot that is very
near the offices of Colonel R. B. Thorn
ton, a local architect and a Southerner
of fiery disposition.
Then it was recalled rnat about six
weeks ago Thornton and Purcell had en
gaged in a light in which Thornton was
pretty badly whipped. The row of six
••weeks ago occurred over aome business
differences and Involved in addition to
the two principals, James White, a
brother-in-law of Purcell/ and \V. M.
Richards.
The old trouble, the location of the
fence so near the offices of Colonel Thorn
ton, and all the circumstances seemed to
point to revenge as the motive for the
crime, and a search was made for Thorn
ton. He was found in a nearby saloon,
and was at once put under arrest. In his
pocket was found a revolver, but all of
the chambers were full. He was placed
under arrest, however, and at once sent
to Martinez pending the result of the ex
amination Into Purcell's condition tomor
row. He refused to make a statement.
The shooting occurred at about 9
o'clock. Purcell was on his way home
and had just turned from Jtichmond ave
nue into Tunnel avenue when a pistol
shot rang out and Purcell dropped with a
bullet in his back just under the left
shoulder. When Purcell fell it is pre
sumed that the man who fired the shot
was satisfied that he had accomplished
his object, and did not want to take the
risk of attracting more attepiKm by
shooting a second time.
The sound' of the shot brought several
people to the scene and Purcell was taken
in charge by a physician. An examina
tion failed to locate the bullet. The
doctors said that the wound was extreme
ly serious, but prognosis could not bo
advanced until a more complete examina
tion was made.
POINT RICHMOND, July 7.-A shoot
ing occurred here to-night that has many
of "the cowardly aspects of a Kentucky
feud. Frank Purcell, proprietor of a trans
fer company, was syiously wounded in.
the back by an assassin, concealing him
self behind a high board fence before fir
ing the shot. A hole was found sawed
in the fence at Just the right height to
permit a man standing behind the fence
to shoot accurately and fear of
being seen. Colonel R. B. Thornton, an
architect and a Southerner, is now in tho
Martinez County Jail, suspected of hav
ing done the shooting.*
All Negro Residents Vanish and
the Sheriff Remains in- Hid- ' ~
ing TJnder Military-
Protection.
Bullet Is Tired From Behind a
Fence ¦ and Suspicion Falls
':;.-- upon the Victim's
Enemy.
General McKee Commands
Four Companies and a
Light Battery. •
Colonel B> B. Thornton Is
Arrested for the
- ¦' -\ Crime.
Troops Now in Control
of the Situation in
EvansviUa
Prank Purcell Seriously
* Wounded in the
SHOT DOWN
BY CRAVEN
ASSASSIN
RACE WAR'S
DEAD NINE
IN NUMBER
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALLf WEDNESDAY, JULY
Rear-Admiral Cotton in Command jof the European Squadron of the United
\ States Is Received , at "Portsmouth ; by Commander Milne, Who
Expresses the Gratification of King Edward at the Arrival of the Fleet
BOOMING CANNON OF BRITISH NAVY
WELCOME THE WARSHIPS OF AMERICA
2
DB. KILHER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Bwamp-Root. the- great
kifiney remedy, fulfill* every -wish In
promptly curing kidney, bladder and uric
add troubles, rheumatism and pain in tho
back. It corrects inability to hold water
and ecaldlng pain in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
daring the night. The mild and tho ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
v.^-.derful cures of the most distressing
cases.
Swamp-Boot is not recemmc-nded for
tverything, -but if you have kidney, liver.
bladder or uric acid trouble you will flod
it Just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should have
the best. Sold by druggists in fifty-cent
and cne-dollar sizes. You mas- have a
Fcrnple bottle of this great ki/ney rem-
edy. Swamp-Root, and a book that tells
ell about it and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamtcn. X. Y. When
writing, be sure to mention that you read
this generous offer in The San Francisco
Pally Call. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address.
Blnghamton, N. Y. t on every bottle.
j^ 0 ¦
LKADCCO UUEINESo COLLEGE OK THE
WEST. 24 Post et.. San Frar.cwco, OU.
Established 40 years. Oj*n entire year.
Write for fiO-page catalogue (free).
« POLYTECHNIC
jf\ Business Colleg* and
JUJL" School of Englneer-
__-^S--^^>C^MrJ Largest and best
r&TJJ&y &>£&%£ «JBlFI*4 school oj
SRSSftQw 41 S??»~3c buEir.ew. shorthand
a " d engineering W'-M
xr£«f>1* fere? S f5fjr>-xfc of Chicago. Ptrfoct
•ft^fVSSS'Sy^i^?^**'- r '- iTr - atr - exp^n s e ¦
low. Write for free
10C-paKe catalcjrue.
MILLS COLLECE AMD SEMINARY
(FCR YOLJIVG LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the univcr«1-
t!*s and leading Eastern colleges; rare oppor-
tunities offered In mviric. art and elocution.
Thlrty-eigrath year. Fall term open* August
12 l?03. Writp for catalogue to MRS C T.
MILLS. Prce.. Mills ColJese P. O.. Cal.'
1236 MARKET STREET.
Actual bU£lri«Es bockketping; cn'.y expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers: Grepg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and incst rea'd-
tb!e. Day end evening, fcend for catalogue.
I VtN MtVLKL>tK ~mc£c°" I
Ml FULTO.V KT.. Kan Fianclfcco. Csu^ m
Ixaci: s Musical College of the Coas:.
I-irptil school, thorough cour»». able tea-.-liers.
Write for l»u3 Catalojrue.. _
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
PART1NGTOXS5, 424 PINE ST.
Oldest School in America.
N>w Tfrm Be^ine MONDAY. Aus. 3.
DAY AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
IXsR BOY?. Uctda Par'x. California. Prepares
fcr any university cr for butinea*. fiend for
tUurtraved CEjaloeue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph.D.,
Principal. l-'^!l term cper.s Aupust II.
BELIV.O?x5T SCHOOL.
FOU IiOYS, BELJIOXT, CAL.. *
Opens fcr new pupils August' 10; for former pu-
p;:s Aufust 12. Catalogue aud bock of view*
en application.
*V. T. P.EID. A. II. rHarx-ar<i). Head Matter.
Miss West's Scfeool for Girls,
SOU VAN -NESS AVENUE.
Opens August IS. Home and day school. Ac
credited by leading ecljeges. Tor catalogue ad.
drets MART D. WEST. Principal.
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL^
EERKELEY, CAL..
Reopens Monday, Augost 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
BAN MATEO, A
Accredited to Stanford, reopens August 2Cth
;n rew buildings on Monte Diablo ave. Modern
Improvements. For further information or cir-
culars address <MIE£) I. L. TEBBETTS.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAXT RArAriT, CAXi.
f^parate building fcr little boya. Xrnaa term
ivj:i begin on Aug. 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
B0AIU3ING AJ."D DAY SCHOOL FOR
youcc Indies *:.<: little clris, 2120 California
H-. irlll reopen AuffUit 3. 1903. Accredited ta
the Unlvers'.tiee. REV. EDWARD B
CHURCH. A. il.. Principal. -
g^}}J^ vl r lvs < i; em School. £00 po-
MT\! Q I IVCC5i e'tions to Past year.
l3i»^?i ~ *>0"Page catalogue.
\mS -" , San Francisco.
COLLECE OP NOTRE DAME.
6AN JOSE. CAL.
Fifty-eecond year. Confer* decree*, grant!
£:plorne«. Collece preparatory eccredlt«d. Con.
tervatory course. Jnterraedlate and prlaiarj
cepertniesls fcr younger children. Etudlea re-
turned August 4. 1903.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
rBVINOTON. CAL.
A hish-trade Military School tcr a limited
number or boys cf eood character. Kezt tern
».' clrc Aujruft 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON-. Principal.
THE JEN NE MORROW LONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Mere and platform positions / guaranteed
Inrsuaree: diplomas. Catalogue. 21G2 Sutte
*t. Phone West 1169. Recpcns September 2
SAN FKANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE
Three-year graded counts confjrnilnc witl
rule* adopted by Aeeociatlcn of College F&cul
tlta vl North America. Regular, r.erihon corn
rncmes June 15; ends December 1. Write fo:
catalogue and inf ormatirn. " "EDWARD J
rrtKKLY. D.V.S. I>Pii. f>10 Onlden Oate av»
f'$ FAVORITE
JP% fS. 9 23 Pfe Hcdc. Chairs, Stoves, etc
¦ tt m FP m Tcr.it fcr rent and for mIi
I B h Elli rW Gs:ns - Rlfle *« Ashing Tack!
B C KJj f tf J end Cporting Goods. Sen
kJ IT\ P V R B for Cutalcyue. Shre\-« t
"" V.t. rt er Co.. 733 Market st
fcBd C21 Kearny st. :
HTeak Men and Womei
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA HITTERS. TH1
Gr*at Mtsican Rcmt-Jy: el\es health an
trccftb to texual or£an£. Depot. ZZi Market
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS. :___._ -_-,_, r ,._^_
$|P^| * I 4 or any San Francisco woman to attend to household duties
"^w with the aches and pains of a bad back. • .
'{i^ESg'r A woman's back wasn't made to ache, and it won't if the
--^^^M^^^^^ -^ ost 5:>ac k acne pains, 'most nervous headaches and other bod-
4Wk ily troubles of womankind come from sick kidneys.
loan's Kidney Pills
ill Cure every form of kidney ills; cure all urinary
' ill -7^^^ lars* worth of medicine guaranteed to
BS^^^^S^I) pf§'« *^^^f cure kidney complaint during the last
- jS^^^wl^M^ ?'a3L\ seven years, but I must confess the bene-
V, ll!"!*' %fy flt J receIvcd from the most of lt was !n ~
: , ; • * .- the kidneys, I had not the slightest doubt
OkHBRv SS^^^P . about the cause of the complications, but
Doah's Kidney Pills are for sale at all drug stores— what to do to . stop it was a mystery.
-*'-- -^^MBKMHBipS&FII^Vfl . Dean's Kidney Pills came to my rescue nt
5OC a box. Db not accept a Substitute. FoSter-rMllburn ,a 'time .•when, sorely required. It took
Co.V Buffalo, N:/f. . but I consider the^ money well invested."
ADVEBTISEMKNT3. '
Dyspepsia
T and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases '
surely cured by the userof
// M
Tms scientific germicide is ahso-
%lut el y harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane, of the stomach, and by re-
moving'the cause, effects a cure.
UsedifW recommrmied by leading phy-
stcians^Jralce no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial sue,
61.00, at druggists or by mail, from
C%} d ¦ JL. I—
0 <£. •*'<,> '
59 Prince Street - - New York.
Send for Booklet. Li ?
©VIM.VIGOS, VITALITY for ME ».
MOKMON BISHOP'S PILLa
have been In u»e over fifty
years by the leaders of th<*
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cur» th»
worst cases In old and young
arising from eff<scta of seU-
abus». dissipation. «xcea»e« of
cigarette srackinc Cur* lose
Manhood. Irnpotency. Lost
Power. Nlsrht Lcsses. Insom-
ni* Pain* In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Baci*.
Nerrow Debility. Headache. K nn , tne " w
•" y "rr „> s^n-en Varicocele or Con-
Restore slnaU. undeveloped o.-ffaBS. St'mulat.
tr-V brala an<l nerve centers: 5Oc a box: « for
$2 60 by mail. A written jruarantee to care or
'„„,. refunded with tt boxes. Circulars fre«.
A«Sr?« BISHOP REMEDY CO.. >0 Ell!« St..
Ean F?anc'.8co. CaU GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
aad 40 Third st.
C'fX ~^k- 1 fc- | "Tfc. "^ "^ ~^fc '^fc'^fc'^i'^lfc
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great £
4 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
T Cjj Tha Largest Anatomical Muieum in the \
O a 7B~ n World. Vr«»knes*e« or any mniricttit a
W $-~~ fiS) dije»Ne po»itl»^lyetire<ny the oldest T
Q J c -' ?2| Specialist on ihe Coast. Est. j6 year-u ©
A j^y| DR. JCCDAN-DISEASES CF MEM 4
\ »ffl4H&9 Consultation frc* »nd strictly private. '.
u ! l&b£a TrM-ir.em p*r*ona!'y or by letter. A Q
¥ a </ ?t B Jtonctw Curt : a erery case undertaken. 7
4 S 7 ll » Wfite foT B 00 *- rniLonumic «r A
V * ll I ' 3S.%nni.%cK. mailed rxss. Ut
v rt II Taluable bock for men). \
V DB. JOBDAXftCO.. 1051 ilnrfcetSt-.S. F. V
JSSt -Those suffering: from weak,
ea*' nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ 1 ¦ of life should take Juven Pills.
;o» One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejnvenatine. vitallzins force th<in has ever
been offered, bent b7 mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. ana JL
>Iade bv it* originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsapaxilla. Lowell. Maaa,
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OV THE———
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD IX THE STATE OF COX-
cectlcut. on the 31st day of December.
A. D 1902. and for the year ending on that
day. as made by tne Insurance Commissioner
of the Stats of California, pursuant to the pro-
vision* of sections 610 and till of the Political
Cod*, condensed as per bUr.'.c furnished by
the Comrclssloner.
CAPITA"!^.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $1,000,000 0O
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $U6.83i> 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,343,93000
Cash Marfeet Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.720,593 00
Cash In Company's Ofnce^. 2P5 0*
Cash In Banks 231.900 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 234,672 03
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken tor Fire and Marine Klsks 4.4M SS
Total Assets .$4,734,731 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid >38,561 33
Losses In Process ot Adjustment
or in Suspense 143.0CS H
Losses resisted. Including expenses S9.3S0 43
Cross premium* on Fira Ttlska,
running ona year or less. $1..1 IT.-
022 01: re-insurance BO per cent. S3S.5X1 0O
Cross premiur.. -. en Fire Risks.
running nor* than one year.
$2 6SU.394 59; re-Insurance pro
J,ta . • 1.442.871 61
Total Liabilities $2.532.138 OS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .J-.WM—o* S3
P.ecelved for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources * 22', «,»
Received for Rents :"VVIV >
Received for profit on Sale of Lea- _«.„„-
gtr Assets S- 948 8I
Total income $2.873.099 8j
EXPENDITURES.
ihv£S? to y s^k^dVn; ::.:. . $1 -t&SS S
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Pa.d tor State. National and Local
Total Expenditures ....$2.503.330 eo
0 "Vlre». "".
Losses ineurred^durlns the year...$l,363.5S7 50
Risks and "Premiums. IFire Risks! Premiums.
Net amount of »>«]" • .
wrm.n during the <3
Net amount of Rl'Jt*
Eft"* darl ?f.-. • 215.077.C71 2.C6S.944 63
Ne rUgg3Ur!m^ 8 4.3 a 7.41««O
~ " j. r> BROWNE. Prest.
CHARLES R. HURT. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 34
d * y ot January. MOa.^ h thacher> .
Notary Public.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
Manager Pacific Department. ;•
COLIN M. BO YD,
Agent for San Francisco,
411 California St.SIX DISTINGUISHED MEMBERS
OF THE COLLEGE OF CARDI
NALS. "
The petition of Dr. Louis Bazet to be
reinstated &i physician for the Police De
partment was denied at a meeting of the
Commissioners last night.
Patrolman Henry D. Jackson was fined
$10 for permitting a deputy from the Pub
lic Administrator's office to enter the
residence of the late Mrs. Young, at 2409
Sacramento street. Charles C. Troy, a
patrol wagon driver, was fined $10 for not
reporting for duty on time. Peter-Ham
mond was appointed a member of the
force.
Police Commissioners.
LONDON. July 7.— President Loubet was
early astir to-day and began an extensive,
round of functions. He returned to St.
James' Palace at about 10 o'clock and was
greeted with great cordiality and cries of
"Vive Loubet!" "Vive Loubet!" in re
sponse to which he continually raised his
hat.
A reception of a deputation from the
diplomatic corps filled up the rest of his
time until noon, shortly after which, ac
companied by Embassador Cambon and
Foreign Minister Delcasse, he started in
semi-state to visit the city.
Long before the time fixed for M. Lou
bet, the gayly decorated route was
cro'wded with people and lined with troops
President of the French
Nation Is Cheered
by Populace.
LONDON EXTENDS
HEARTY WELCOME
After luncheon the Lord Mayor toasted
the President of the French Republic. In
reply M. Loubet said he was happy to
bring to the heart of the city of London
a cordial greeting frgm the French peo
ple. Continuing, he /Said:
I join heartily In the wishes which you ex
press for a cordial understanding between the
two peoples, each of which holds a necessary
place In the history of civilization, feeling that
their common Interests should inspire them with
a spirit of conciliation and accommodation,
which will serve the cause of humanity. Th»
pres-nce at my side of the Minister for For
eign Affairs of the republic is a pledge to you
of the value which the whole French Govern
ment attaches to the development of these
and, In sDlte of the cloudy day, the uni
forms, flowers, flags and bunting com
bined to form as bright a scene as Lon
don had produced in many years. The
bells of the city churches pealed a wel
come to the visitor and the Presidential
cortege, as it passed on, was greeted with
unmistakable coruialitv.
Shortly before 1 o'clock carriages con
taining tha Prince of Wales and the Duke
and Duchess of Connaught, preceded by
Life Guards, drove up to the Guildhall,
where the roval party joined the Lord
Mayor. Sir Marcus Samuel: Premier Bal
four, the Judges, Aldermen and others,
in awaiting the President.
Another detachment of Life Guards and
outriders then rode up and amidst a vol
ley of cheers President Loubet drove In.
He sat in an open carriage beside Embas
sador Cambon and wore a high hat, which
he constantly removed, bowing right and
left. The President jumped from the
carriage, shook hands all around, and,
after an address from the corporation' had
been presented to him, M. Loubet pro
ceeded to luncheon.
M. Loubet returned to St. Jam.es* Palace
at about 3:30 p. m., and spent the rest of
the afternoon in a round of visits to mem
bers of the royal family.
King Edward drove to th'e French em
bassy at 7:30 p. m. to dine with President
Loubet. A great crowd of people outside
gave him an ovation. ,The Kins was met
at the door of the embassy by M. Loubet.
Embassador Cambon and the staff of the
French embassy. The guests Included
Premier Balfour, Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain/ Foreign Minister Lans
dowhe, the United States Embassador,
Mr. Choate; Lord Rosebery and the Duke
of Devonshire.
President Loubet has bestowed the dec
oration of grand officer of the Legion of
Honor upon the Lord Mayor of London,
Sir Marcus Samuel; Admiral Sir Lewis
Beaumont, known in America as the for
mer commander of the British Pacific
squadron, and Lord Avebury (formerly
Sir John Lubbock).
The gala operatic performance given In
Covent Garden to-night in honor of Presi
dent Loubet was a scene of«marvelous
brilliancy. There was an unsurpassed
display of jewels and costumes, while the
floral decorations were more magnificent
than has ever been seen at a similar per
formance in Jxmdon. The whole house,
floor and boxes, was a mass of . color.
Roses, orchids, electric lights and flags
covered every available point. AH the
members of the diplomatic corps in Lon
don were present, wearing their decora
tions, while with the members of the
Cabinet and officers of the army hardly
a uniform in Great Britain was not rep
resented. /
happy relations of friendship between our two
countries.
Kaiser Prays
for Recovery
of the Pope
BERLIN, July 7.— The
Boursen Courier says
that zvhen the Em
peror received nezvs of the
Pope's critical condition,
aboard the Hohenzollern, he
said :
"The Pope, whom I
know, love and revere, is in
danger; let us pray for
him."
Then, during divine ser
vice, the Emperor offered a
simple, impressive prayer,
concluding :
"The world needs great
and good men. May the
'Almighty grant the Holy
Father many more years."
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5 and 6.
Much significance is attached to an extended visit .made by
Cardinal Gotti, Prefect of the Propaganda, to the Pope's 'cham
ber, from whicn other conspicuous members of the^; Sacred ¦ Col
lege are excluded by the doctor's orders. Cardinal Gotti's inter
view lasted twenty minutes, even the doctors, and, attendants with
drawing and leaving him alone with' the Pope. This has- natur
ally opened a wide field of speculation. It is even asserted on the
authority of one Cardinal that Pope Leo expressed -the hope that
in the event of succession falling on Cardinal Gotti he might have
the strength to take up and carry forward the great work just con
fided to him. Just what passed between the Pontiff, and Cardinal
Gotti, onlythey know, but certainly the/ circumstances and the
length of, the visit- strongly support the view that the Pope was
"I do not dare to say anything positive: . It is ( very easy ..to be
deceived, especially, in the presence of such marvelous resistance.
I merely venture the impression that there is> probability that
the Pope will die, but I do not believe death will occur -yet."-
Cardinal Gotti Confers With Leo.
giving his attention to the administration of the affairs of the
church after his death.
Throughout yesterday a constant stream of visitors besieged
the entrance to the Vatican. The guards at the portals kept back
the merely curious, admitting only diplomats accredited to the Vat
ican and high dignitaries. Among the diplomatists were the Min
isters of Russia and Prussia, the Embassadors of Spain, Austria
and Portugal, and the Charge d' Affaires for Brazil. The French
Embassador, M. Nisard, has shown, deep interest in the reports
from the sick room. He remained after midnight yesterday, and
was again at the Vatican this morning.
Among the Cardinals krriving were Gennaro, Nocella, Ma
thieu, Respigi, Casetta, Oretoni and Gotti. It was remarked that
Cardinal Oreglia, the dean of the Sacred College, was not among
the callers, although it is expected that he soon will be called upon,
to perform the most important services of the interregnum.
Though not calling personally, Cardinal Oreglia thrice dispatch
ed his secretary, Father Santo, ta learn the exact condition of the
Pontiff. None of the visiting Cardinals except Cardinal Gotti saw
the Pope, owjng to the rigid dir-ections of the doctors that the pa
tient be spared the cares and excitement of the affairs of the
¦church. v •;- . - , .'"¦'"-"'
Pope Leo Passes the Might in Broken Slumber After the Operation.
Tirey L. Ford, chief counsel for - the
United Railroads, when Questioned last
evening regarding the threatened suit,
said that the officials of the company h.iil
received an intimation some time ago that
legal proceedings were contemplated. As
to the merits of the claims upon which
the suit is to be based Attorney Ford de
clined to have anything to say. remarking:
that It would be hard for him to discuss
the cases before he had been fully in
formed upon the charges contained la Um
complaint, ~— ' "-*- "^—- 4^
In the old franchise* can be found the neces*
sary basis for our action. They provide in
plain terms that they shall not be transferred,
and the law of the State deals broadly with
the rights of corporations la the matter of dis
posing of their franchises.
It Is no secret, and we purpose to establish
It Is a fact before the court, that the United
Railroads Is really a figurehead and that ths
street railway lines of this city are actually
controlled by a foreign corporation, the T7nlt<»d
Railway Investment Company of Xew Jersey,
to which was Issued 40,000 shares of the United
Railroads' stock, ana that of this stock fifteen
shares were distributed amonf as many men. a
dummy board of directors, which Is now rni>
nlng the electric and cable lines in this city. x
Asked as to the effect of the suit. At
torney Collins said that its purpose was
to. destroy the combination known as the
United Railroads and the United Rail
way Investment Company of New Jer
sey and to reinvest the old stockholders
with their rights in the old corporations,
which the new concern unlawfully ab
sorbed.
ors of the various road*, had the latter sell the
roads to a corporation which was simply its
agent In the deal, and then at special meettnsa
of the stockholders, at which the foreign cor
poration was represented by one man, holding
all the stock that- had been accumulated here,
went through the mock form of ratifying the
action of the directors in disposing cf the
roads.
Dr. Jones asserts that he interrogated
Woods closely about the hard breathing
of the patient, as well as the extreme di
lation of one eye. After being closely
questioned Woods admitted that he had
administered morphine to the patient to
rejieve pain. Dr. Jones also noticed a pe
culiar mucus Issuing from the mouth of
the patient, which was not a symptom of
apoplexy. At the time, however. Dr.
Jones says he did not suspect* anything
radically wrong with the treatment.
attack and he believed it to be a compli
cation caused from stomach and heart
trouble.
Continued From Page I, Column 7.
DISAPPEARS AND ADOS TO MYSTERY,
SACRAMENTO, July 7.— The apportion
ment of State Echool moneys is now in
course of preparation and the full list due
the various counties of the State will be
announced within a few days. San Fran
cisco will receive $264,47511; Sacramento,
$31,172 31: Alameda, $110.47215. and Los An
geles, $144,985 07. These moneys will be
used to pay the salaries of the teachers
and ths amounts due the schools from the
State up to June 30. 1903.
School Money Apportionment.
«yv OME. July 7.— In the midst of all
JfJ of the anxiety regarding the health
the Pope, there is much talk
at the Vatican regarding • the determina
tion expressed by Cardinal Mathfeu to
claim for France her right to exercise her
high patronage over the conclave, a right
which she has enjoyed in spite of all the
discussions to which it has given rise.
This pretension on the part cf Cardinal
Mathieu explains why he refused to leave
the Vatican.
Cardinal Capecelatro also has a small
group of Independent partisans and may
succeed because the sacred college ob
jects to another long pontificate.
'f^ ~" rF: - July 7.— One of the Vatican
JLJ prelates assured a correspondent
this evening that the contest for
the succession to Pope Leo lay between
Cardinals Gottl, the prefect of the sacred
congregation, and Vannutelli, grand pen
itentiary of the holy Catholic church.
Cardinal Rampolla, the papal secretary
of state, has only a ellght chance. He
will be supported by only a few new car
dinals, who. In order to prevent the elec
tion of Cardinal Gottl or Cardinal Van
nutelli, may vote for the octegenarian,
Cardinal Alphonsus Capecelatro, Arch
bishop of Capua, whose pontificate would
necessarily be short and would afford an
other chance for Cardinal Rampolla.
France Claims
High Patronage
Over Conclave
Cardinals Gotti
and Vannutelli
Lead Aspirants
The doctors remained by the Pope's
side, noting the regularity of his breath
ing and pronounced the operation suc
cessful, and leaving no perceptible ad
verse results.
From a pathological standpoint, the
passage of air was considered satisfac
tory, in the physical relief which it
brought to the Pope. He showed a slight
Fmile on his pallid face, whispered his
thankfulness and bestowed benedictions
on the doctors bending over him. The
Pontiff even stroked Dr. Mazzoni's face
in the benevolent way which is charac
teristic of him. Then with one hand he
rearranged his position, closed his eyes
and in a few moments passed into a
calm, healthful sleep.
The Pope manifested no pain whatever,
neither was there the slightest quiver
of moral dread from the operation. In
the language of one of the doctors, the
cocaine so deadened the parts that
the Pontiff felt no more than a slight
pin-prick.
As soon as the liquid was drawn off
by the suction needle the patient felt
great relief, owing to the removal of the
pressure of the liquid on the lung, and
simultaneously the doctors could hear
air passing through that zone which this
morning was declared to be impervious,
ov.ing to congestion.
First a slight incision was made in the
side of the venerable patient. A solution
of alcohol and corrosive sublimate was
then injected and cocaine -was used to
deaden the pain. The point of operation
was just below the seventh rib and the
operation itself consisted in the insertion
of a large Pravaz needle syringe. This
penetrated to the region where the mat
ter had accumulated and by means of
suction slowly drew it off. Under the
skillful guidance of Dr. Mazzoni the op
eration occupied little more than four
minutes.
As the operation was not of a capital
nature, not suggesting the use of chlor
oform or other anesthetics, the Pope
lay on his bed, with his left side exposed
below the armpit to the waist. Only the
two doctors and two personal attendants
were within the chamber. The immedi
ate direction of the operation devolved
upon Dr. Mazzoni, who handled the in
struments and made the preparatory ar
rangements.
Y^ OME, July 7.— The calmness with
m£ which the Pope underwent the or
¦* deal of to-day's operation was one
cf the most remarkable evidences of for
titude that he had given in his whole life.
After a lengthy conference the doctors
concluded it was advisable to operate for
pleurisy, the primary purpose being to
explore the affected parts. They hoped
incidentally to draw off the collected fluid.
Patient Comments
Upon Doctors'
Bulletins.
The happy and cheerful expression of
the Pontiff at the moment when he was
in the \*ery shadow of death astonished
the doctors. The Pope himself seems to
irfory in his ability to present a calm and
bright demeanor, and particularly asked
the doctors to tell people about the state
of his mind. Accordingly the doctors have
freely discussed the cheerfulness of the
venerable patient, repeating the details
of his <ju!ck sallies as showing the activ
ity of his mind.
—^ OME, June R, 2 a. m.— The mar-
W ~% vclous vitality and recuperative
M^P energy of the Pope were never so
/\ forcibly demonstrated vs by the
sories of events preceding, accom
panying and following yesterday's opera
tion. Since morning, when first informed
*hat the operation would perhaps be per
formed, his Holiness began to Inquire
about it. Turning to Dr. Lapponi with
his usual familiarity, he asked:
"Will it be painful? Remember, I can
not stand much pain."
Instead of Dr. Lapponi Dr. Mazzoni
answered: "I can asure your Holiness
that you will feel no pain. A little co
caine will deaden all sensation."
Pope Leo retorted at once: "Remem
ber you said the same thing when you
extracted that cyst a few years ago."
Dr. Mazzoni replied: "That operation
went very well, but this can hardly be
callrd an operation."
* The Pope then concluded: "Then do
whatever you think best."
JESTS WITH THE SURGEONS.
When the operation took place nobody
was allowed in the room besides the doc
tors except Pope Leo's valet, Pio Centra;
"even his nephew. Count Camillo Pecci,
left the room to await with extreme
anxiety in an adjoining hall the result.
The doctors, desiring a strong light, had
ihe window widely opened, but as it
'faces the bed the light offended the weak
eyes of the Pontiff so that it was thought
<1rsirable that he should reverse his po
sition. As soon as this was announced
the P<^x> moved, showing that spirit of
action and determination which seems
constantly to inspire him. Dr. Mazzoni.
however, did not give him time to leave
the bed. but. taking him in his arms lit
erally turned the Pontiff about. Pope
Leo smiled and exclaimed:
"Bravo, professor. I congratulate you.
Although I have become so light, I must
Ftill be rather heavy-"
Both of the doctors laughed and were
at the tame time astonished at the
brightness of the Pontiff when oppressed
by such a dangerous illness and on the
point of undergoing a surgical operation.
Pope Leo remained Fit ling up in bed
during the whole time of the operation,
without n^ed of support. When Dr. Maz
zoni substituted the Pravaz needle with
a potain aspirator the Pope did not even
notice it. going through the whole affair
without emitting the slightest sound and
wjthout showing any feeling of pain. He
was extremely pale, almost diaphanous,
and somewhat tremulous.
As soon a? the operation was closed his
Holiness felt much relieved. His eye.
from an expression of languid melan
choly, assumed its usual vivacity, illumi
nating the rmacir.ted face. Dr. Mazzoni
at once administered a cordial, which
the Pontiff took willingly, thanking him
¦with a grateful look for the brave strug
gle (o preserve his life. He expressed a
. deeir* 5 for a minute explanation of the
apparatus eaed in the operation.
"It is a most ingenious instrument," he
said, ""but voi:r hand is also bo very
clever. That is why the operation was
¦imniwful In not giving me any pain. I
thank you."
ASKS TO SEE BULLETINS.
After a half hour's peaceful and appa
rently refreshing repose the Pope awoke
and inquired about the doctors. On hear
ing they were in the next room he said:
"I thought they had gone. What do
they stay here for? What are they plot
ting?"
Dr. Lapponi. re-entering the room, said:
"We were preparing bulletins regarding
!th<? operation, saying it was successful in
all respects."
Dr. Mazzoni added: "We must inform
the public, which is waiting with such
Trepidation, especially as it is so easy to
have inexact news spread."
"Very well," rep!ied his Holiness, "I
(wish to see myself these bulletins in their
exact text. I have already seen and medi
tated on that of last night."
He thrn went on sprakine about the
cause of his illness. "I would like to
know." he said, "from what it comes. I
think I huve always followed Dr. Lap
poni's advice,"
"Not always, your Holiness," replied Dr.
Lapponi. gently.
"Well," retorted Pope Leo < "you could
not expect to remedy my old age."
After a short silence the Pope, turning
to Dr. Mazzoni. paid:
"At the last consistory I appointed as a
Cardinal a fellow citizen of yours, Cardi
• Sl Taliani. who comes from the Marches.
1» you know him?"
"Yes, your Holiness, I know him. I hope
that will not be your last consistory."
"I am afraid so," sighed the Pope, sad
ly, after which his head fell upon the pil
low, the Pope being again the prey of
exhaustion.
Needle's Use Gives
Pontiff Much
Relief.
Talks in a Light
Vein to the
Surgeons.
AGED INVALID IN VATICAN DISPLAYS WONDROUS FORTITUDE
WHILE HE IS UNDERGOING A SURGICAL OPERATION FOR PLEURISY
Sorrow at Papal
Legation in
Capital.
Diplomats Call for
the Latest
J\[eivs.
Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G SREET. N.
W.. "WASHINGTON. July 7.—Lit
tle or no hope for Pope Leo's re
covery is entertained at the papal
legation in this city. Monseignor
Falconio, the personal representative of
the Pope to the United States, tele
graphed to Acting Papal Delegate Mon
seignor Marchetti here to-day from De
troit that he would leave there to-night
and arrive here to-morrow afternoon.
Cable dispatches are received at the papal
legation at regular intervals from Car
dinal Rampolla, papal secretary of state,
giving the latest news from the Vatican
regarding the condition of the Pope. Mon
seignor Marchctti received the following
cablegram this morning at 9:30 o'clock:
"ROME, July 7.— The holy father is no
worse to-day. Condition continues very
serious, without, however, making us loaa
every hope.
(Signed) "CARDINAL RAMPOLLA.
"Secretary of State."
The papal legation is a very modest
dwelling house. Just now there is an al
most constant stream of callers from
members of the Catholic clergy, members
of the faculty of the Catholic University
and the Catholic laiety. Monsignor Mar
chetti, acting papal delegate, is not able
to extend any comforting information to
solicitous inquirers. Monsignor Marchctti
is personally deeply affected by the seri
ous advices from Rome, as he was 'on©
of the favorites of Pope Leo and had
his last conference with the Pope shortly
before being assigned to the legation here
from Rome. \ ,'.
DIPLOMATS SHOW CONCERN.
Members of the diplomatic corps In the
capital, especially those representing
Latin countries and governments where
the Roman Catholic church is the repre
sentative church, are deeply concerned
and are among the most anxious callers
at the papal legation. Many tributes are
heard here from diplomats regarding
Pope Leo's great services to the world
as a peacemaker between nations and as
a diplomati3t. Among the diplomats are
a number who enjoy a personal acquaint
ance with the Pope.
At the Catholic University of which
Monsignor O'Connell is rector, a feeling of
depression and hopelessness prevails.
The demise of the Pope at this time
would seriously affect the Catholic Uni
versity. Monsignor O'Connell is now on
Ms way to Rome with new and broader
plans for the Catholic University, which
were to have been submitted to Pope
Leo for his approval. The latter has al
ways expressed deep personal interest
In the development and work of the
Catholic University established here,
which has at the head of its board of
trustees his Eminence Cardinal Gibbons,
and which embraces leading dignitaries
of . the Catholic Church of the country.
Recently a congregation of studies was
incorporated with the work of the Cath
olic University and the scope of the in
stitution Is to be materially broadened.
CHURCH BELLS WILL TOLL.
Tentative plans have already been pre
pared for the observance of the Pope'a
funeral In the capital. This city is un
der the jurisdiction of Cardinal Gibbons,
who Is reported to be prepared to leave
at a moment's notice for Rome in the
event of Pope Leo's death, in order to
take part in the conclave of the college
of cardinals which will select Pope Leo's
successor. As soon as news is received
that the condition of the Pope has taken
a fatal conclusion all Catholic church
bells will peal forth the sad tidings and
mass will be held.
No predictions are volunteered here as
to the successor of Pope Leo, although
opinions are divided as to the chances of
Cardinal Rampolla, Cardinal Gottl and
Cardinal Satolli.
Con tinned From Page 1, Column 1.
PIONEER WOMAN" IS
CALLED BY DEATH
OAKLAND, July 7.-Mrs. Sarah J. Rich
ardson, one of the oldest residents of Ala
meda County, passed away at her home,
733 "Webster street, shortly after 8 o'clock
to-night. Death was caused by a severe
attack of heart disease.
Mrs. Richardson was born In Contra
Costa County sixty-one years ago and
had lived in Contra Costa and Alameda
counties all her life. She was the
daughter of James Clinton, one of the
earliest settlers of the former county and
one of the most prominent men of the
State. Mrs. Richardson was a very char
itable woman and belonged to several be
nevolent organizations and always took
an active part in their affairs.
Mrs. Richardson is survived by threa
children, George H., Carrie S. and Alice.
No arrangements have as yet been made
for the funeral.
MAY DISRUPT UNITED RAILROADS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1903.
3
Specialties
idrertised by Responsible firms of S. F.
-CTHT NOT RIDE A I M0 BPHINE
WOLF-AMERICAN -,.
BICYCLE £ SKyJff&Sfc
_ T- hU T » I Cn»d. B0 PAIN
KowT /i *° BVTTEZIXa.
edwLn MOHEia M The WHIcw Bark Co.
liicycie« and Eportlaj "' ,
GooOm. I339 p o ik St.. B. T.
1822 MAIiKET ST. '
Money back means
Schilling's Best
\ *•• balaaf.jwwdfT «pJce»
coSe* flavoring utracta coda
and perfect dealing ; your gro-
cer returns your money if not
to your liking;SACRAMENTO, July. 7.— William M.
Coward, an Oakland real estate dealer
who became violently insane In this city
on Sunday last, w-as to-day committed
by Superior Judge Hart to the Napa
State Hospital for the Insane.
William Coward Goes to Asylum.
Federal Officers Accused of Fraud.
MANILA, July 7.— Customs Inspector
Coates and Lieutenant Osborne, consta
bulary supply officer, both stationed at
San Fernando, have been arrested on the
charge of misappropriation of ' Govern
ment funds.
; August F. Stockman, the man killed,
was working directly beneath the mass
of rock that fell. He was 22 years of age
and had begun work for the Bully Hill
Company only last Thursday. He was a
student from the Minnesota University.
RKDDING, July 7.— A big cave-in oc
curred at the -Bully HiUmtne near Dela
mar this afternoon. One man was killed
and four others were for five hours im
prisoned, cut off from escape by several
tons of rock and dirt that filled the
mouth of the tunnel.
At 1:30 o'clock a "force of five miners
was at work in tunnel No. 3 on the thir
ty-seventh level. With a crash and roar
that was plainly heard throughout the
underground workings of the big mine
an immense body of ore and dirt fell and
completely penned in the miners. The
news of the accident soon spread through
the camp and a hundred men with picks
and shovels began digging as they never
dug before to rescue their comrades. The
rock and dirt that obstructed the tunnel
was loose and enabled the Imprisoned
men to be faintly heard by the rescuers.
They -communicated to the rescuers that
one of thfeir number was killed instantly
by the big cave-in. *¦
At 5:30 o'clock the rescuing party
reached the imprisoned men and deliv
ered them from what would have been
certain death had they remained In the
drift another hour. Two of them were
more dead than . allvo when taken out.
t-jieclal Dispatch to The Call
One Laborer Killed and
Four Imprisoned in
a Tunnel.
The new styles and colors In picture
frames, mat boards and binding paper
please all who visit our store. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. . •
ket street, as has already been said, the
distance in a straight line is thirteen
miles. Point Richmond, where the pres
ent bay terminus of the Santa Fe Is situ
ated, is eight miles f/om the union ferry
building. A line from Coyote Point Is
only about five miles longer than the
route from Point Richmond to the foot
of Market street. This difference Is off
set many times by the saving of forty-five
miles by the; way of San Jose to San
Francisco, as compared with the Stock
ton-Point Richmond line of , travel.
On all points concerning the Identity. of
the. Dartles back of. the extensive opera
tions in. San >Mateo. County. that are de
tailed in the. foregoing, C. W. Clark main
tains an absolute silence. What trans
continental, system is to occupy the hew
deep water terminal at Coyote Point and
operate the lines % that lead out toward
an advantageous . overland connec t ipn to
the south, via San Jose or Santa Cruz, he
will not say.
Framing 1 Materials.
The electric railway from San Mateo to
Spanishtown will follow a route eleven
miles long, so says Mr. Clark. The steam
freight and ¦ passenger line will be 20.5
miles long, from Coyote Point to
Spanishtown. There are . some grades
to overcome, but no' engineering
difficulties. A splendid and produc
tive country will be penetrated for the
first time by lines of travel. There will
be one or possibly two tunnels for the
steam passenger and freight line, but
probably none for the electric passenger
railway.
The route of the steam road, starting
from Coyote Point, will run southerly,
crossing the tracks of the Southern Pacific
Company near Laurel Creek. Then It will
pass up the Laurel Creek Canyon over a
two per cent grade and then across the
ridge between Laurel Creek and the poor
house road. Thence the line leads along
the poorhouse road and continues to the
easterly Bhore of the Crystal Springs res
ervoirs. With a slight grade the line Is
surveyed to go around the south end of
the Crystal Springs reservoirs. From
there the route is over a gradual ascent,
the grade being about two per cent, trend-
Ing northerly and climbing the main ridge
very close to the county road that leads
over to Halfmoon Bay.
At this point a tunnel will be driven
through the divide near the, summit and
close to the county road. Then there will
be a gradual descent to the floor of the
canyon that runs up from Halfmoon Bay.
This furnishes an easy . and . good ap
proach to Halfmoon Bay or Spanishtown.
AN ELECTRIC LINE.
The line of the electric road differs
somewhat from that of the steam rail
way, the variation being caused by the
greater ease with which an electric pas
senger line can run over grades as com
pared to a steam line built for heavy
traffic. The electric road is projected to
6tart westerly from Coyote Point to and
through the town of San Mateo. Then
the route Is along the private roads con
trolled by the Bowie estate to the summit
dividing the valley from San Mateo
Creek valley. Thence the road proceeds
over the summit into the San Mateo
Creek valley, crossing the same near the
fork of the road that goes up to the
poorhouse. The line next follows along
the poorhouse road, passes the poor farm
and swings around to the west, crossing
the dam separating the two lakes of the
Crystal Springs. From here the route
slopes upward, gradually ; rising to tlie
main divide at about the same locality
aa the point selected for the passing vt
the steam road. Then the descent Is into
the canyon that leads directly to Spanish
town. The electric road can be construct
ed without any heavy cuts or fills, al
though the grade will be heavier than
that of the steam line..
The accompanying map, which is traced
from the actual surveys of both the elec
tric and steam' railways, Indicates suffi
ciently the routes selected, and the section
of country, through which the two lines
will 'pads. Betow Spanishtown there is a
slight tracing of *a spur, which is ; in
tended to show where .the extension of
the steam road toward Santa .Cruz and
possibly farther southward will run. ¦
From Coyote Point to the foot. of Mar-
Seme franchises are secured, so admits
C. W. Clark, and some are soughf. That
between San Mateo and Coyote Point has
been granted. A franchise will be sought
in San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties to
peimit of the construction of lines from
San Mateo to Halfmoon Bay and down
the coast as far, at least, as Santa Cruz,
and possibly farther south.
SURVEYS OF ROUTES.
Point at^the de^p water terminal will be
started at once.
Among transportation men who have
thoroughly studied the local railway sit
uation as related to the overland railways
there Is belief -that the coming of the
Santa Fe via San Jose .Is inevitable and
only a matter of time, the only cloud on
this prospect being that the Southern Pa
cific management, ever keenly alive to its
«wn interests, might find it to .Its* advan
tage to prevent its rival from having com
petitive rail lines on this side of the bay
of San Francisco. Whatever may be the
back of the terminal* just ac
quired at Coyote Point and the rail line
surveys and rights of way 'acquired, the
indications are most Interesting.
Coyote Point Is but two miles from the
town of Ban Mateo. Between San Mateo
and the coast line the country is flat, so
that very little grading Is required. Taken
from all aspects, the selection of the point
as a deep water terminal Is prompted by
care for the promotion of a great busi
ness, such as no merely local line would
have to provide for. On the best of au
thority It Is learned that the project im
mediately Involves the construction of
both an electric passenger railway from
Coyote Point to Spanishtown, or Half
moon Bay, and also of a steam | passenger
and freight railway .between • the
points. The construction of tho steam
railway line from San Mateo to Coyote
Strengthening this belief are many
facts. One is' that the Santa Fe has had
a line surveyed from the San Joaquin
Valley over into the Santa Clara Valley
and has secured rights of way that would
lead it into San Jose whenever it is de
termined by the management to make
that move forward. It is also learned
that, via San Jose, the Santa Fe would
have a line forty-five miles shorter to
San Francisco than the one now used by
way of Stockton and Point Richmond.
Another fact Is that the business of the
Santa Fe is mainly south of San Fran
cisco and it would be a measure of econ
omy to come in from the south. When
the construction of the San Joaquin Val
ley road was first discussed the advant
ages of a route via San Jose were recog
nized.
frontage'and but thirteen miles
from (he foot of Market street, railroad
moves are being made that may mean
much for this city and likewise for the
development of a rich, virgin country.
Surveys have been made for an electric
line and for a steam railway. Aiding the
scheme is known to be C. W. Clark, son
of Stnatcr Clark of Montana, who is al
ready largely identified with railway con
struction on the Pacific Coast— in the
States of Utah, Nevada and California.
C. W. Clark admits that he is concerned
in the new system that makes Its initial
appearance in this section entirely In San
Mateo County. Beyond this avowal Mr.
Clark will go no further. Plainly the en
terprise with which he is prominently
connected is more than a mere local af
fair. The terminal acquired is a tract of
fifty-six acres fronting on tidewater.
One. hundred and fifty yards from the
present shore line the water is deep
enough to float the largest ship in exis
tence. The situation is so chosen as to
form a first rate outlet for a transcon
tinental railway, coming In by way of the
peninsula, through San Jose. From this
and other circumstances it is conjectured
that back of the scheme is the Santa
Fe, planning to enter San Francisco on
a parity with the Southern Pacific.
POINT TO SANTA FE.
WITH a terminal secured at Coy
ote Point, San Mateo County,
on the bay of San Francisco,
with an abundance of deep water
Attempt to Arrest a Drunken Citizen
¦ Results Tragically in
Oregon.
. ARLINGTON, dr.. July 7.— Word comes
from Mitchell. Or., that Martin Puet
while on a spree started to raise a dis
turbance. The town Marshal, whose
name could not be learned, was unable
to effect Puet's arrest and Milt de Haven,
who was armed with a rifle, volunteered
to capture Puet. Without warning Puet
pulled a volver and shot De Haven, who,
after falling, shot Puet. In the mixup a
stray bullet hit the Marshal in the leg.
Puet lived five minutes and De Haven
three-quarters of an hour after being
shot.
It appears that the men named took the
civil service examination In what is
known as Class 2 of Division B of the
Department in order to qualify as
machinists. The eight passed the exam
ination on August 21. lf«00. and were
placed on the eligible list. Since then
they have been waiting to fill vacan
cies. They learned a short time ago that
Luke Cvrxy. Thomas S. Bulger. G. II.
Knorp. C. Lester. Alfred Gerot and
Joseph Harrington held the positions they
believed themselves entitled to and called
upon the Fire Commissioners to remove
th« men. as they had not taken the civil
eervlce examination aB provided by the
charter. The board declined to remove and
the plaintiffs thereupon brought an action
to compel it to do so.
An alternative writ of mandate was se
cured by William Gleason. Stephen H.
Richards, Thomas H. Walsh. Albert H.
Spiegel. Frederick E. Greismer, William
P. Delaney. Luther Lightbody and Wil
liam J. Morgan, from Judge Murasky
yesterday to compel the Board of Fire
Commissioners and the Board of Civil
Service Commissioners of this city and
county to show cause why they do net
discharge certain men in the Fire Depart
ment and give their places to the peti
tioners. The court set August IT 2s a day
for hearing the writ.
MAKE LEGAL DEMAND FOB,
FIRE DEPARTMENT JOBS
Successful Civil Service Applicants
Want Commissioner* to Dis
charge Machinists.
ORE TOPPLES
UPON MINERS
TWO MEN ARE KILLED
IN FIGHT WITH ,PIST0LS
TRAGEDY ENDS
FARMERS' FIGHT
El Dorado County Men
Battle Over Their
Fences.
PLACERVILLE, July 7.— W. R. Long.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I CHARTS SHOWING THE PROPOSED ROUTES OF TWO RAILWAY LINES FOR WHICH SURVEYS HAVE BEEN
MADE IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; ALSO SHOWING THE PRESENT TERMINI ON THE BAY OF SAN FRANCIS
CO AND AT SPANISHTOWN. ON HALFMOpN BAY.
It is said that the charge arose from
voung Baird calling upon his folks at
their Pacific avenue home and during a
wordy war with his sister, striking a
younger brother who tried to interfere.
Baird acknowledged this fact, but said
he had been drinking. At the request of
Attorney Brown the court made the fol
lowing order:
"On motion of I. I. Brown, counsel for
David J. Baird. said Brown appearing
in open court and after full investigation
and good cause appearing therefore, the
court being fully advised in the premises,
it is ordered that the order of arrest
heretofore issued against David J. Baird,
as an alleged insane person be, and the
Fame is hereby vacated, set aside and
declared of no force and effect and the
proceedings involving the same are here
by quashed and dismissed. Done in open
court. Frank J. Muraskv."
This was done at the urgent request
of Attorney 1. 1. Brown, who represents
the wealthy young man. It will be re
membered that on May 29 the relatives of
Baird attempted to have htm taken Into
custody on a charge of Insanity in order
to get him away from the influence of
a notorious woman in this city. Baird
had been traveling a merry pace In the
""Tenderloin" and his sister feared that
he would squander his fortune and un
dermine his health. He went Into hiding
the moment he heard the police were
looking for him. His attorney got wind
of the affair and he spirited his client
away and foiled the detectives. As soon
as Baird was himself, the attorney noti
fied the sister that he did not intend to
have such a serious charge hanging over
the head of his client. He therefore
pave notice that he would have Baird
in court yesterday and have him exam
ined in the presence of the court.
The sister failed to materialize. In fact
no one Interested appeared to try to
prove that Baird was of unsound mind.
Attorney Brown presented the matter to
the court and Judge Murasky was satis
fied. Brown said it was an outrage to
accuse the young man of being insane,
when there was no cause for it. He in
sinuated that there was another reason
for the charge.
David J. Baird need no longer remain
in hiding for fear cf being arrested on a
charge of being an Insane person. Judge
Murasky yesterday declared that young
Baird was in possession of his senses
and quashed the order heretofore made
in the matter.
Attorney for Youth Terms
Attempted Arrest an
Outrage.
Judge Murasky Dis
misses Charge Against
Young Man.
YOUNG BAIRD
DECLARED SANE
Plans Are Completed for the Construction of Steam and Electric Roads
Extending From Coyote Point to Halfmoon Bay Beyond Spanishtown.
SURVEYS ARE MADE AND TERMINAL SECURED
NEAR SAN MATEO FOR NEW RAILROAD LINES
ODD FELLOWS
HOLD JUBILEE
Semi- Centennial Func
tion Given by Yerba
Buena Lodge.
Sunflowers Predominate in
Novel Decorations of
the Hall.
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 13. Independent
Order of Odd Fellows, became fifty years
of age yesterday, and last night celebrat
ed the golden Jubilee of its existence by
a grand ball in the Native Sons Hall.
The decoration of the hall was novel, the
color scheme being golden yellow, sym
bolical of the event which was being
commemorated. The strongest effects
were produced by immense sunflower*
resting on folds of soft moussellne of
lighter hue and relieved with small
bunches of ferns. The large center piece
was also of the prevailing color, with
roses sqattered here and there to rest the
eye from the one color. Over the stags
were groups of American flags and tho
three links that shone in the brilliancy
of electric effects.
The grand march was led by Frank
Krull. the noble grand, and Miss Lruvla
Horrlsberger. and in the march there
were about 300 couples. The souvenir
programme was embellished with esch
scholtzlas in water colors. Light refresh
ments were served. Past Grand Master
Reuben H. Lloyd was the floor manager
and was assisted by U. S. G. Clifford and
Thomas B. Upton. William II. Humph
reys. Edward Schwerin, Charles M. El
liot. J. F. Llndstrom. Henry F. Neunaber,
Leo V. Levinger and Charles F. Le Long.
The function was under the direction of
the following committee : , # '"..;'•¦<
Arrangements — Daniel Burna. chairman;
Frank Krull secretary: Lester E. James,
treasurer; James Boyes U. S. O. Clifford.
William I. Croasett. Charles A. Wlsewell.
William W. Cross Jo J de Haven. William
R. Dorr William P. Humphreys. William I>.
Keyston. George L. Perbam and Frank D.
Worth.
Reception — John A. Foster, chairman; Louis
d* Rome, John S. Reed. E. N. Brown T. O.
Wilson E. R. Forrester. W. G. Quinlin.
Charles Stable, J. B Halsted. John Poreher.
D. S. Snively. B. F. Jelllson. T. E. Chad
bourne. Arthur V. Moore. L. C Louderbaek.
Davis Louderback F. J. Smlthson and C. W.
Taber.
The following named officers of Yerba
Buena Lodce were recently installed:
W W.. Cross. J. P O.; Frank Krull. N. O.;
William R. Dorr. V.G.; Charles A. Wlsewell.
P. G.. recording secretary; l T . S. G. Clifford.
P. G., financial secretary: Lester *.. James,
P G . treasurer: Jo J. de Haven. P. G..
trustee: James Boyes, P. G.. trustee: Victor
Hoffman. P. G.. trustee; Steven Heck, war
den- George C. Go*, conductor; Jo J. d»
Haven. P. G. It. 8- N. G. : ¦William F. Smith.
I... S N G.; August Sptelmeler. R. S. V. G. ;
E JJ. Brown L.. S. V. G. ; H. Clarke. R. S. S. ;
E R Forrester L. S. S. ; Ebenezer Sker
rett. I. G. V
LEBANON. Pa.. July 7. — J. Marshall Funck.
city solicitor and one of the best -known law
yers in thin section, committed suicide to-day
by hanging:.
Get the "Wasp's pictorial history of th»
Pacific Cable. Sold by Newsdealers. •
a pioneer farmer of this county, has died
at hla home near El Dorado as & result
of an affray with John E. Askew, a well
known farmer, also residing near El Do
rado.
The men quarreled last evening over
boundary fences. Askew struck Lonsr
three times with a pick handle. The first
two blows broke Long's arm and the
third fractured his skull.
Askew claims he was acting In self-de
fense, alleging that Long 1 had assaulted
him with a hammer. He came to this
city and gave himself into the custody of
the Sheriff to-day.
THE SAN FKAKC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1903.
4
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Brighfs Disease
and Diabetes
Extracts From Late Letters-
?Cases on the Fnlton Com«
pounds Noting the Usual
Results.
r*EO. W. LOVEJOV. a Diabetic patient,
writes from Bridgeport. Conn.. June 23th:
¦1 have not yet taken quite two bottle* of the
Dlabete* Compound, but am a ereat deal better
nnd em improi-ins; nicely."
Mr*. Maria Lendall of Manchester. Mae*. <a
cate of Bright'* disease), writes June 18th: '*I
I am stronger, my doctor says I'm looking bet-
ter, and I am pleased and think I will get well.
Mr. Clarke of Gloucester suffered like I do. He
if well and at work again, and we at Mancbes-
t-r owe him many thanks for telling us of your
Compounds. We have several canes here. One
died laet week— never took the cure."
Hen Hhaw of Beloit. Kan., writes, June 21st:
•Please send tne a list of firms In the East who
hatid'e jour Compound for Diabetes. I have
:*kcn about eight bottles eo far and can notice
a decided Improvement. '!
Frank ColweM writes from Pierce, Idaho,
June 20th; "I forward rample for analysis and
report. I have been using your Diabetic Com-
liouud for two months and am gaining in
strength and a little In weight end feeling a
srtst deal better every way. I would like to
know how rouch sugar there Is now."
Mr. Frank P. Tickner of 6214 I^archwood
ave., Philadrlphia, writes: "We have a living
witness for your Compounds In my eon, fifteen
years old. When he began taking It the epe-
clflc Rravlty wts 1060. To-day It was 1038, ana
he ha* pained eight pounds of good flesh. He
haB taken It now three months and It has
ti-nrked wonders on him. Several physicians of
thl* city are watchins the cae« very closely
and are much Interested."
.Drighfa Disease *nd Diabetes are now posi-
tively curable and in nearly nine-tenths of all
taees by 'the Fulton Compounds. The 'Renal
Ccrnpuund for Bright'* and Kidney Disease is
fl.00; for Diabetes, $1.60. The Jno. J. Fulton
Co.. 409 Wafhlsgtan . «t-, Han Francisco, opp.
p: O., eole compouoders. Analysis free. Send
tc* oamphlet.
ADVEBTISEMSNTS.
gm SMOKE t fg§|
j||notmade bya trust— no schemes or prizes— lyF
j^NO FORTUNES TO BE MADE— JUST QUALITY AND TRUE MERItI
EVERY KING V IS AN HONEST EXCHANGE
I FOR A NICKEL ;Tokio Government Fearful That the Pliable Prince
Ching Will Make Secret Concessions to Russia
in Spite of the Vigilance of the Other Powers
JAPAN WARNS CHINESE FOREIGN
OFFICE NOT TO YIELD TO THE CZAR
Thomas Warren, residing at 735 Teha
ma street, fell from the roof of the Hi
bernia brewery, a distance of thirty feet,
to the ground yesterday afternoon. He
was removed to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Harvey treated him for a dis
located elbow. Warren Is also thought
to be suffering from internal Injuries, y
Falls From Brtwery Roof.
F. J. Teutenberg. a police officer, sur
rendered himself at the City Prison yes
terday morning when he learned that
warrants were out for his arrest on
charges of malicious mischief and dis
turbing the peace. He was released on
$20 cash bail and when the cases were
called before Police Judge Conlan he con
tinued them for two weeks, as Teuten
berg was going away on his vacation.
The complaining witness in the cases is
Dr. M. H. Schord, a dentist at 597 McAl
lister street. He was for years the occu
pant of two front rooms in the home of
Teutenberg's mother at 602 McAllister
street and he alleges that he left of his
own accord over two weeks ago. He got
permission from Mrs. Teutenberg to
place a sign on the front door for ten* days
to the effect that he had moved across
the street, but the next day the policeman
pulled down the sign. Schord put the sign
up again and claims that Teutenberg saw
him doing it, called him vile names and
tore the sign down, and again threatened
to have the dentist arrested.
F. J. Teutenberg Is Accused of Hav
ing Pulled Down a Den
tist's Sign.
DOCTOR FILES CHARGES .
AGAINST A POLICEMAN
SACRAMENTO. July 7.'— A warrant was
Issued to-day for the arrest i of Abraham
FlnkelBtein/ a dealer in second-hand cloth-
Ing, whose place "of business Is at 12S-K
street. Finkelstein left. here at an early
hour this morning for San Francisco.. His
wife claims he stole from $1200, to $1500
from her.
Wife Accuses Her Husband.
Wright Waives Extradition.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Whitaker Wright,
the London financier and promoter, who
was arrested last March charged with
fraud as a. director. of 'the London: and
Globe Flna nee Company, * and has ', since
been in Jail-, pending extradition';proceed
ings, to-day 0 formally; waived /all rights
and agreed to be voluntarily/extradited to
England by; the . • British ; •'. authorities.
Wright, waived-. his.rlghts, against theiad
vice of his counsel;? both" here and in
London. ¦'- '.;¦;-:¦-. .- ; ¦
Get the Wasp's pictorial history of the
Pacific Cable. Sold by Newsdealers. •
' .'.Take a camera when you | go' for a vaca
tion or on a picnic. 'You ' will ' never for
get the trip if you i have good plates .and
good films. All photographic supplies of
the best at Sanborn, Vail & ' Co.'s, 741
Market street. •
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
BOSTON, July 7.— John Lankershim 'of
Los Angeles, a sophomore at Harvard
College, was to-day held in $1200 bail: for
a further hearing on July! 16 on-an'accu
sation of breaking into a 1 vehicle agency
and the larceny of a' $900 racing automo
bile.'" ' ¦ ¦ .-' ¦ - ; ' -' ¦ '-¦' ' ;•¦ .
. .»¦¦¦-
Young Lankershim Is Held for Trial.
Body of Woman Recovered.
SACRAMENTO, July 7.— The body of
Miss : Lulu' J. Howard, who with Miss
Hattie West jand John Kerr was drowned
in the! Sacramento River last Saturday
evening, .was recovered • this . afternoon.
Death of Pioneer Capitalist.
> SAN ; JOSE,- July 7.— Hiram Mabury, a
pioneer capitalist of this city, who has
large banking and real' estate. Interests in
Santa Clara. Los Angeles and'; San Diego
counties, died last night, aged 88 years.
JOLIET, 111., July 7.— Charles Marcel,
who is wanted at San Francisco for rob
bing Mrs. Julia Kline of $8600, was se
cretlf brought to Jollet to-night by De
tective Dinan and was kept hidden until
11:30 o'clock, when he was taken aboard
a train bound for California. This actipn
was taken to avoid a possible attempt .on
the part of Marcel's lawyers to secure a
writ of habeas corpus. Wfm
DETECTIVE DINAN STARTS
FOR HOME WITH MARCEL
Dodges Attorneys for the Alleged
Thief and Boards Night Train
foT California.
Shoots Wife and Then Kills Himself.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 7.— A special
to the Deseret News from Idaho Falls,
Idaho, says that James- Stewart, a boaru
ing-house keeper, to-day shot and prob
ably fatallv wounded hiB wife. Stewart
then "put'tne -revolver to his own head
and fired, killing himself. 'Stewart is Bald
to have been jealous of an employe named
Thompson and to have threatened to kill
him. ' -;' :
LOS ANGELES, July 7.— After staying
out thirty-five minutes, the Jury in the
case of R. H. Gary, T. G. Gary, Alberto,
Majia and Ignacio Ramirez, charged with
having stuffed the pay rolls of the Pacific
Electric Railway's construction depart
ment, returned . a verdict of acquittal.
The verdict occasioned considerable sur
prise, as Cornwall, who was arrested as
one of the . conspirators, t had turned
State's • evidence and made full confes
sion under oath.
Jury's Verdict a Surprise.
SANTA ROSA. July 7.— Robert Mitchell
and Hubert Luce, sons of prominent citi
zens of Santa Rosa, departed from Sebasr
topol last Friday morring .to assist In
fighting the brush fire around Camp
Meeker and Montrlo. They had pre
viously been engaged at Barlow's berry
fields, near Sebastopol, harvesting the
crop there. -Since that time no word has
been received from mem, and no one
seems to know where they can be found.
The fathers of the two boys drove to
Occidental and Camp Meeker yesterday,
but obtained no information there.
Santa Rosa Youths Missing.
It is' believed here, however, that the
difficulty in that case will be met by a
renewal of the special order to govern
the proceedings In regular 'session.
WASHINGTON, July 7.-WilIiam Nel
son Cromwell, counsel for the Panama
Canal Company, had an hour's conference
to-day with Acting Secretary Loomis re
specting conditions in Bogota eo far as
they affect the pending canal' treaty.
Cromwell has received a cablegram
from Bogota stating that the treaty was
presented to the Colombian Senate July
2 and was to be taken up for considera
tion July. 4. As. less than two weeks re
main of the special session of the Colom
bian Congress, It is apprehended here that
the treaty cannot receive final action in
that time. If not, then, the regular ses
sion beginning on the 20th ' Inst. would
displace the special order which gave the
treaty the" right of first consideration. .
Colombians May Post
pone AGtion on the
Convention.
K. Krauczunas, special agent of tfie
Treasury Department, returned from a
trip of Inspection to Southeastern Alaska,
He has established an immigration office
in Ketchlkan, where all Hungarian. Jap
anese and Chinese immigrants who have
been illegally entering the United States
will be examined.
Battered by the Bering Sea ice pack,
which she bucked continuously for 150
miles, and with -a badly damaged bow,
the Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Portland arrived at 11:30 o'clock
this morning. She brought no treasure.
Miss Lizzie Dowd was the only passenger
from Nome. The Portland left Nome
June 23 and Juno 25, off the mouth of the
Yukon, she met the schooner Vega, fifty
seven days out from San Francisco for
Nome. The schooner had had such a
long passage from. the. California port
that her water supply was exhausted and
was replenished by the Portland.
,The two steamers made the round trip
from Seattle in practically the same time.
The Dolphin left port on her northbound
trip an hour after the Cottage City and
arrived twenty minutes later than the
other. ;.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 7.— A million
dollars in Klondike gold dust reached
Seattle early this morning on the Lynn
Canal liners Cottage City and Dolphin.
The former brought $300,000 of the yellow
metal for the local United States assay
office and the latter brought $600,000, con
signed to the Canadian Bank of Com
merce. Miners returning on the vessels
carried "pokes" aggregating $100,000 In
value.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., July, 7.— Secretary
of State John Hay is a guest of Presi
dent Roosevelt to-night at Sagamore HUH
Matters of grave importance to this coun
try in its international relations were
under consideration during the. afternoon
and evening.
The conclusions reached at the con
ference were not disclosed, both tho
President and Secretary Hay regarding it
as inexpedient at this time to discuss for
publication the details of their work. To
two subjects of serious concern most of
their attention was turned. They con
sidered in all its phases the Russian sit
uation." particularly with respect to thc
B'nai B'rith petition, which it has been
determined will be forwarded to the Rus
*sian GoVernment, and the Alaskan bound
ary question which next month Is to bo
taken up for what is hoped may be final
adjustment by the American and British
commission in London.
President Roosevelt discussed with Sec
retary Hay and Senators Fairbanks, Han
na and Kearns the Alaskan boundary
matter. Senator Fairbanks was a mem
ber of the joint high commission which
had that question under discussion sev
eral years ago, and the Senator and
President took this opportunity to go over
the matter. It is understood the papers
in the American cause have been made up
and the case Is ready for presentation.
Secretary Root, Senator Lodge of Massa
chusetts and former Senator Turner of
Washington— the American members ot
the commission— will leave for England in
the course of a month to begin the actual
work of the commission in London.
Soon after Senator Hanna and his party
boarded their, yacht and sailed for New
port, j Senator Hanna will cruise along the
north Atlantic coast for several weeks In
the Alvlna, going as far north as Bar
Harbor, -Maine.
When- the other visitors had gone the
President and Secretary Hay continued
their! conference until far into the night.
It was noted as a bit significant that they
should begin their conference on the. very
day the Russian Embassador, Count Cas
sini,V sailed for home, j It Is regarded aa
likely: that some developments in the
Russian situation may be expected In a
few; days.
President and Secretary
Hay Confer on the
Alaskan Case.
One Million Dollars in
Dust Comes Prom
the North.
VESSELS BEAR
ALASKA'S GOLD
GRAVE MATTERS
ARE REVIEWED
COMMISSIONER NORTH
CRUSHED WITH HONORS
Additional Authority Granted Him
That Will Force Him to Aban
don His Law Practice.
United States Immigrant Commissioner
Hart H. North received yesterday from
Secretary Cortelyou of the United States
Department of Commerce and Labor, a
letter designating him "officer in charge
of the enforcement of the Chinese exclu
sion laws at the port of San Francisco,
superseding the Collector of Customs at
that port, so far as Chinese matters are
concerned." A letter from Frank P. Sar
gent, Commissioner-General of Immigra
tion, was also received and in It the fol
lowing announcement was made:
"You have Immediate jurisdiction over
all the officers, employes, watchmen, etc.,
now on duty there who are part of the
immigration service and paid from the
appropriations under control of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor."
Commissioner North feels highly hon
ored at the distinction conferred upon
him, but as he will be obliged to abandon
his law practice without any increase of
salary for the new honors thrust upon
him, he feels that he has undertaken the
care of a white elephant.
Laborer's Foot Crashed.
Samuel Gregory, a laborer in the> em
ploy of the Union Iron "Works, had his
foot badly crushed by falling under the
wheels of a wagon yesterday afternoon.
Gregory was removed to the City and
County Hospital and the physicians fear
that the Injured limb will have to be am
putated In order to save the man's life.
Manchuria and are awaiting the
cutcome of the conference of the Rus
sian officials at Port Arthur and instruc
tions frcm tbeir respective Governments.
Only the Japanese Minister is occasion
ally abjuring Prince Ching. President of
the Foreign Office, to avoid making sec
ret concessions to Russia, which are
possible and which only vigilance will
prevent on account of the throne's weak
ness and Prince Ching's pliability.
Japan's initial action in her formal de
mand at Shanghai for the payment of
t»>e indemnity deficiency on a gold basis
on the occasion of the semi-annual reck
oning on July 1, is assignable lo the
strict nature of the present Chinese-
Japanpse relations. The demand may be
f-xpected to be imitated by the other
PEKING. July ".—The representa
tives of the United States, Great
Britain and Japan are preserv
ing independent action regarding
CANAL TREATY
STILL PENDING
LONDON, July 7.— The Standard's cor
respondent at Tientsin says that the Chi
nese are complaining bitterly that the
Russians are continuing to commandeer
fodder, mules and carts beyond the great
wall. The Russian troops encamped at
Lianghenkwang have commandeered
eighty carts to convey supplies of wheat
to their forces on the Yalu.
The Japanese newspapers severely
comment on the responsibility for the
Cabinet crisis arising at such a critical
moment and say that if the Premier,
Viscount Katsura. persists in retiring
the Marquis I to, whom the Emperor re
ceived in audience yesterday, will form
a new ministry.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7.— The Rus
sian Foreign Office knows nothing of the
alleged Anglo-Japanese ultimatum on the
subject of Manchuria, which, according
to the Sveitun of this city, was presented
to the Chinese Government recently and
which sets forth, among other matters,
that If the departure of the Russians
from Manchuria Is indefinitely postponed
Great Britain and Japan must proceed
to protect their interest?, adding that
China must demand from Russia the im
mediate evacuation of Manchuria.
powers when favorable opportunity
arises.
YOKOHAMA. July 7.^Advices received
here from Seoul, Korea, say the Rus
sians are laying a telegraphic cable from
An-Tung to Yongam-Pho, acros the Yalu
River. ta .11 » .-. ? •
JAPANESE STATESMAN WHO MAT BE ASKED TO FORM NEW CABI
NET; PREMIER WHO HAS TENDERED HIS RESIGNATION, AND
CHINESE OFFICIAL ACCUSED OF AIDING RUSSIA. .
Judge Murasky has set the latter part
of August for the hearing of the petition
to reopen the, case. ' Mr.' Paxton is at
present in Sonoma. A copy of the petition
was served on him yesterday and he
hastened to deny the sensational charges
made against him. He admits that he
has been separated from his wife and that
he has no tender feelings for her, nor she
for him. He says the charges she makes
in her petition are libelous and untrue
and that it is another attempt on her
part to extort money from him.
He says that at the time of the separa
tion he offered to give her half his for
tune, which amounted to $25,000, but she
declined. She demanded $50,000 from his
fatner, but the latter declined to give her
that sum. At the time » of the divorce
Paxton says he gave her $7500 and agreed
to pay $100 a month for the maintenance
of her children until both became of age.
He says the mother, seeing that the chil
dren will soon be of age and she will have
no hold on him, has taken this means of
getting money from him: •
Defendant has ignored the appeals of his
children and each of them from time to time,
for some little assistance, while during all of
Fald period of time paid Blitz W. Paxton has
lived In luxury and surrounded with alt the
comforts which come from wealth. That said
defendant is now, and for a long period of time
prior hereto, has been president of a bank in
Sonoma County.
IGNORES APPEALS.
In the meantime the defendant has Inher
ited a larse fortune upon the death of his
mother, and petitioner Is informed and be
lieves that much of the lar*e fortune which
was eo bequeathed to defendant herein by his
mother was so bequeathed on account of a se
cret understanding had between said Blitz W.
Paxton and his mother, after the death of his
father. In order that said defendant Blitz "W.
Paxton could cover up his financial means and
property and live In luxury and surrounded by
the comforts of wealth while his wife and two
children suffered In penury and want. That so
hardened to all that is just and right has Blitz
W. Paxton been to the needs of his wife and
children that appeals of his blind boy John for
a little pocket money and the luxury of an at
tendant for a few hours a day for a few> weeks.
In order that he could enjoy a little outing,
have met with no response.
She alleges she obtained a decree of di
vorce and that her husband promised to
support and educate her ' children, but
failed to do so. and that she has been
compelled to go upon the stage in order to
support her children. The petition fur
ther states:
answer it. She claims that when her son
John was 11 years old he met with an ac
cident and suffered the loss of his' eye
sight. The petitioner further states that
on March 10. 1S94, she sued her husband
for maintainance and not for divorce;
that he had the case transferred to Sono
ma and by "fraud, deceit and false and
untrue statements" he succeeded in get
ting her to drop her suit and commence
a suit for divorce.
During those years, she says, she had
lived upon the charity of her relatives;
that after the birth of her daughter she
telegraphed her husband that she was
coming home and he replied not to come,
as he would join her at Rochester: that
instead of doing so he sailed for Panama
within twenty-four hours and for seven
years traveled at leisure and for pleasure
throughout the world and represented
himself a slnule man.
Mrs. Paxton then states that she had
to provide for herself and children by
singing in oratorio. She alleges that upon
ascertaining the address pi her husband
she wrote him a loving and wifely letter
begging him to return, but he failed to
TRAVELS FOR PLEASURE.
She charges her ex-husband with all
eorts of things and demands that the di
vorce proceedings be reopened in order
that sne may receive alimony and gain
possession of silverware valued at $500,
which she alleges is withheld by Paxton.
The petition states that they were mar
ried on July 2G, 1SS2. She states that after
the birth of her child, John A. Paxton,
she went to her father's home in Roches
ter, X. Y.,*and, although she begged her
husband to accompany her, de declined.
She alleges that drugs he compelled her
to take wrecked her health and 'caused
her great suffering'. The petitioner states
that her second child, Roma Warren Pax
ton, was born in 1S84, and that both chil
dren are living.
She further alleses that from Septem
ber, 1S84, until the following year her hus
band failed to send her money and that
she was forced to live on her' relatives.
She said she did not see her husband until
Roma was 8 years old. ..
Bessie E. Paxton, former wife of Blitz
W. Paxton, the Santa Rosa banker, filed
a petition in the County Clerk'B office
yesterday which is full of sensational
statements.
Alleges That Former Husband Has
Refused to Contribute to Sup
port of Their Help
less Children.
Files Sensational Petition
as Basis of Her
Action.
Ex-Wife of Santa Rosa
Banker Makes Many
Charges.
MRS. PAXTON
LAYS CLAIM
TO ALIMOMY
THE SAN FB ANCISCO • CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1903.
5
THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPORIUM:.' | THE* EMPORIUM. " | . THE EMPORIUM.
* Saio w •¦¦*¦•¦ S^t* Fine Wrappers
« Hundred, of Summer Shirt., made to «11 ¦ J M ¦ _^ Ladie.' O^mere Wrappers, fitted b.ckt, loo«
J, for If.oo; materials woren madras and M <g "g »*W J |l , M £Sk&3a HE 1 1 Htt front, trimmed with fancy braid, dihty rib-
** corded percaki, in an immenie assort- M I I I I M/ A «j fl ,/I H M^H 11 B bons and laces; now marked:
J£ ment of pattern! and new color effects, B I B II S W IHIta/ H M. M fLJi %^Jr f4-95 "y 1 " 53-3O S6.50 styles $4.33
X plain or pleated bosoms, ,ep- B —. «J*m M>T m*^B*» B». .B. ¦ » Wtm> m^ |? $o ftyfc , S3m68 $lo ttylc , , .$8.67
arate cuffi, now . . . . . OOlr ** 5-°° ic y lcs S1O.OO
* : ' : ; — ¦ :
Jf Every department in The Emporium contributes its list of bargains to the July Clean-up
i Sale. Air goods bought exclusively for the Summer. trade are now reduced from 2$ to 50 per cent.
j All short lots and broken lines of staple Vall-the-year-round" merchandise are deeply price-cut.
* Our newspaper space permits of but a meager list of the July Clean-upvalues. Counter and
jf salestable spaces in the store permit of only a partial showing of the offerings; but as fast as a line
\ ' is sold out a new item takes its place in the selling space. The merchandise is all new and fresh,
$ unless we explicitly state otherwise in our announcement. If goods are mussed, soiled or imper-
8 feet we say so. If in the least dissatisfied with any article purchased during this sale, return to us
J at once in condition you received it in and get your money back. The prices quoted are for the
J time this sale continues, if quantities last.
i Silks Sufts and Cloaks Laces--THmmings
S Colored Surahi- Pretty Shirt Waists and Fancy These arc genuine redactions from our regular Great Clcan-Up Sa:e of Laces,^Trimming*, All-
f Work Silks, that were 60c yard, now . ... . Z&C marked prices. Prices on. the garment* have not Overs, Drapery Nets, Chififbn Appliques, Gimpa,
!$ 24-Inch Heavy Satin Liberty -That were 75 c and 85c "rte been raised, and then marked down to show an f. tc ' A11 thc short lots and to-be-discoatinued
If yard, Clean-up price .............. S9o cnO rmous reduction, but the cut$ arc made rrom our hnc * now " tbout "avlar prices.
S 36-incb Bbck Taffetas-Very heavy quality, brig regular every day price,. ApP%B^ ""*
J li.nt luster, will wear well, regularly sold $ 1^ 3 5 Ladies » Cheviot and f anc y Suiting Suits, that were S3k Gimp, worth' from' ioc io* S oc Low So to 25o
X yard; July Uean-up price . .. .;.;. . &&C $i9-.95 » $28.75, now... . . . §12.45 Tinsel Gauze- 1* . all colon- for ereaing , dres**, 4 » inche,
|jf ' Ladies' all-wool Cheviot and plain Cloth Suits, that wMr, worth 45c yard, for 23c
I* Knit Underwear wcrc $22.50 and $25.00, now... *f4 OC 0^'"" 1^ . b !^ Embroidered^ Chiffon*, Tucked
I £• Aflf« VnUcrVWCttr- p ¦ * ? V»*»*»O Taffetai, Shtrred Chiffons aod Spangled Neti; worth $ 1.50
J Ladlej* 75c wool mixed un^rinkable Jersey ribbed Vests, now Silk Shirt Waht DreSSCS— In dainty pin head checks g to J6.00 a jard; now 75© to $3.00
J» \ 38c and stripes, th«t were $25.00, now. $1Q m 45 —
5' Ladies* 50c Swiss r.bbed real Lisle thread Vests, now . . 23O LadiCS W&sh WniStS — Of pretty colored Madras, LittGliS mm TOWBlS
£ Chidren's Vests and Pant,, white Merino, sires 18 to 34, dainty. White Lawn, fine Cheviot Vestings and CuriainS—BlanketS
%' Cleanup price for any sue. . . 28o other popular materials, worth regularly p. 00 to , ~~ „ . T.*.. ™ , ,.j
m p v } ,. : *,,/»,„ t ftMtt Uce Curtains— Battenberg, Calaa, Brussels, Irah
2 Ladies' Cashmere Vests, imported Swiss Ribbid, pure wool, now — , .-».; Point, Bobinet Ruffle Curtains, that have been sellinj per
J? always $1.00 and Ji.45, now . . . . 62O Good value * I. OO WaiStJ 65C pair 52-75 ta S15, now mirk:i.$1.84 to S1OmCO
K 25 styles imported all-over Lace Hose, lis'e thread, Hermsdorf " " '- 2 ? "*•.. 89C Fine Nottingham Curtains that were manufactured to seQ
S black, instead of 75c, Cean-up price, pair ... . . 48 O " " I.50 "... . 98C " regularly at 75c to $1.75 per pair, now marked
K ¦¦¦ . ¦ ., .< , g 5 .« . . . $1.f9 59o, 76o to $1.23
»r ——————— ,, «« 2 . 2 r <' . $1m5& 17x34 Huck Towels— Regularly 8^c each, now 6}(o
ft n/BSIMSmms+mmmm »,. . t, , l8x 33 Huck Towels— Hemmed ends and colored borders,
ft iwllllinery Black Etaminc Dress Skirts, that were now now 11o
% Pattern Hats that were f 18.00 to I40.00, now. ..... .$4,95 25c Unbleachtd Bath Towels— Now 21O
* ¦ $6.95 tO $12.00 ' !7#-inch Cotton Crash— Damask pattern, pink borders;
Jr. HOW, yard ................... 5O
J Trimmed Hats that were $11.00, now .$3.95 f*-~~~-S**e* ***** M ;~..~~~ I8 ' lnch LInen "«k Towellnj - Regularly i*#c yrd,
« Rough Straw Hati, that were S oc, now . . . . . . 25C GrOCCrteS aitU LIQUOrS new S O
Z , "¦-¦„ • • . , : *« o«- Lucca 0 1— Crosse & BUckwell's, to-day, bottle .. . . 62O «000 pairs Ca'ifornia White Blankets— Purchased at a big
» Ready-to-wear Hats, that were 1 2. 75, now. . . .$1.25 Su jar Peas -Extra fiftid, to-day, 2 tins . 25C .Auction bifore the recent advance in wool; Blankets that
*' Foliage, Cherries, .Forget-me-nots, Marguerites, Berries, etc, Rice- Best Carolina head, to-day, 3 \ht. 25O k11 "S^^T at 14.15, J5.50 and marked for the
K that were 34c to 72c, now.. . . . . . . 17 O to 31 0 Evaporated Apples— Fancy white, to-day, lb. .. . . . 10o J^ Cls *2,"^ p _ _ a*»*»*% ap -»o
j^ New Jams and Jellies — Pure goods, to-day, 3 glasses . . 25o §3.28 r $3.98 f $5.78
*: : .. Macaroni-Cut- White or yellow to-day, 5 ; lbs. . . . 25c Damask 0/Ot*-Sereral smaU let, (280 in «U), of
%' MKM4*lin lBnri*»l*Wt»2*M* Kona Coffee- Oar Hawaiian Blend, to-day, lb J9p whxh the matching napkins have been sold -handsomely
J, IWMUSUn WnuerWear S wi.s Cheese- Best imported, to-day, lb 29O finiihed Table aoths in up-to-date patterns, borders all around:
!? Gowns-cfflne Cambric, Nainsook and Muslin: Heinr's Pickles or Chow Chow, lottle ISO 72x90 inches, the $3.25 qaality . . .$2.28
* __ . , __ a , Y'Jim **n Robert s Cream Chocolate, ilbtns . . 4oC -»nn!J inrh« r k, <. j r mniirv «f 70
«f 65c styles, 49O 5i.5o •tylw, 98C |a.oor>-le», $1.68 Hfra , d p ur . Rve Whiskev— To-dav bottle kifiO ' ' \ • \ ' V . J V^^Y- • • 9U78
fc* t .-,,,1, fio n «, -- itvie, «tf Jtf» nfral ° ure K y c nnisxey— io-aaj, ootue &1.UU 72x108 inches, the 53.65 qua lry. . . S2.68
J $1.00 style, . . .680 *i.75«jles. . 91.48 Claret- Our extra 50c quality, to^ay, gaUon 43c 7 2»o8 inches, the J3.7I quality . ..$2.78
ft Ladies' Drawers —of Muslins, fine Cambrics and Nainsooks: Gin— Best Hague, to-day, bott!e 6S0 72x126 inches, the $$. 90 quality . . .$2.98
5 accstvles 14O eoc styles, 38O |i-?8 styles, 98c O'd O:obe Whiskey— Rrgu!ar!y gaUon, to-day..^2»O5 — wmmmmmmmm^, __^
i locSes . S 9?%!«.. . . 68O WhIt « k Minerl1 Water-TcMiay, pint^ *i. 4 o dozen;
tt * quarts • $2.25 a dozen. Dtmrm^ #* *»•**•*»#£*
Jk* Corset Covers— of fine Cambrics and Nainsooks: Assorted Cordia's— in fancy decanters . . 75c nUffS~ m %0arpeiS
Jf 15c Covers for . . . 9o 3S C and 4 OC Covers . . 29o Navelade— A delicious orange dnnk, bottle . . . . . . 25o A manufacturer's entire stock (10,000) Smyrna
fc' 25c Covers for . . 14O 65c and 75 c Covers . . 49C A. V. H. Gin-The genuine, bottle. . . ... . . $1.5O R ugSf J n J atcJt design, and mcst desirable color
%' Lsdies' Skirts— of fine white : Cambiic, all made i i effects, are marked for the Clean-Up Sale:
full flounce effect; the flounce of good lawn, with Tk. «|p Jl.lOsize. . . 77o *2.IOS!Ze SI. 45
J> fine tucks and wide hemsttched ends, Clean-up . J+£ - ¦ f r -'i >• $I.?O size £1 12 *2 7C S1ZC ' 5/55
I in r;he D s- fir: ||||f|$ '^^^^Ptf^^SX^ \ A^^ 2^** *±
t Infants' Skirts-That were 30c to « 3 -75, •« -w JllnaX&B&EB**** 1^ ' xb W " k * SCWCd ' " d bld; P "
J marked 2OC tO $2.5O -~Mj^j||l 111"" AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE $1m27
V ¦ ' ¦ - ¦ ' '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAPA— Oh. what a pain! I believe I have a fever In the heart. SS8
MAMMA— Nonsense, It isn't your heart. It's your stomach. Every time you eat,
this hot weather, you aet a sour stomach full of .hot oases and acids, and you
swell up until your heart hardly has room to beat. If you were not so obstin-
ate, you'd take my advice and keep your Inside s cool by taking a CASCAKET
Candy Cathartic every night before going to bed. They -work while you sleep
and keep you regular in the hottest weather.
-fjuflaiiiuiio T?linti1ir yjfi&^M MEN AND WOMEN.
TafeSBSBwSa^ ' * D M T'- ? othln * 1U 5 *•? »m " of m u e 0 u . m.mbr.n...
IJiJSilS^jBtpiieC*^ it. BestK«Ulneron«uth 1> 4 Tr~nm* c«t»,u.. p K i n ;«*i. sad not Mtria*
K^/i/XC^ » nd » **""'** Curt t0T R °P tu «- ¦TEITHEEYIKSChEJIIIMI.CO. «»ot or poUonon*.
II / iSC \^ World-renowned. 27improT»mU. «££& OIMIMATl O.ESCg Sold by Dran[l«ta,
V Jm\\ I* ruptured ln»e«ti S »U at one.. c.^ 5BP or lent la »Uln wmppj*.
«"»*^ ' Call or write <or"Boo«.rr No. L" iBB^r ~^B br .xpreM. pr»p4ld. for
MAGNETIC f. TRUSS CO- 33 West 14th Strtet. Niw Vwn»9| ti.OO. or 3 bottlet I2.7J.
YciV. N. T. or 206Pott Strot, S»a rrwdjeo. C*l. VI UIBi^V » Circuit i«at oa W*t.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS YOUR COAT DUSTY?
You Probably Have the White Scab
of Dandruff on It.
If ycur coat or shoulders have a white
dust i:r>on it the chances are that it Is
from dandruff. The only way to perma-
nently cr.re dandruff is to remove . the
cause, which is a germ. Newbro's Herpi-
cide kills the germ. Every toilet table
should have such a hair-dressing that
contains also the destroyer of the dan-
druff and hair-falling germ. It stops all
'Irritation, ko^ps the scalp Fweet. pure
and wholesome. Remember that some-
thing claimed to be "jun as good" will
not do the work of genuine Herpicide.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Dotroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children;
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^> AlStfj j?*
Signature of CfLajtrffflcuZZe/bC
jH!± ¦ '¦ rapher |
K Fhould hav* every facility for the 2;
-:: execution of your work. Such a ? v
j; typewriter, deek as- the one h»re jj .
*: shown 1« decidedly an excellent in- S
;'; vestment. There are no sticking *
i drawers, no stubborn Mic!««. no J
J «prtn«-halt in the" fhlfting d?v|re. "
ii Simply and tantcrully finished In i
'/ Kolden Oak. - Its price,
I $40.70 I
i Ai>k to ae* No. 4233. We shall %
;¦> bo clad to chow you on our «ale« ¦
'¦¦ floors a number of different Varie- '<¦
Z tU-s of typewriter desks In both £
J- flat and roll top, ranging In price J
£ from, f 20 to $75. '£
<-'; Tawman * Erbe Xlg. Co. , ?
i '¦ 635-C39 Miff ion St. |
£ - ; Phone Matn 1790. ¦. -. ' %,
V..J PATENTS^i-r?Californiars in New York.
NEW YORK. July 7.— The following Califor
nians are In New York:
From San Francisco — S. Quinn and wife, at
the Holland; F. F. Canno, at the Marlborough:
O. A. •Wymann, A. Newmann, at the Herald
Square; MUa Hamilton. Dr. O. Swaxy and wife
at;the St. Denis: B. S. Hubbard. G. R. Jay. G.
C. Willmot. at the Imperial: V. S. Hueh. at the
Murray Hill: A. Karney. at the Park Avenue:
R. >J.' Machen, R. Palme, at the Grand Union;
J. U. Simpson and wife, at the Kensington; L.
M. Williams, st the Karllngton. .-.
¦ f From, log Angeles — H. H: • Smith, at ' ' the
Broadway Central; C. M. Stub. T. A. Foste,
at the Herald Square. .
From San Jose — Hf.A. Alexander,' J. L. Bu
ell. at the Grand Union. - i
From Santa Barbara— L. Thwots. at the St.
Denii; W.' J. Wllllts. at the : Murray. HUI. V .
The "deaths from storrss and floods in
1902 "were 12.000. * '. . ¦,
Th'e ; Board of Education, in the infinite Variety of
its wisdom, has seen fit to award contracts not to
the lowest bidder on the score of lack of responsibil
ity .on the part of bidders. The board evidently be
lieves that the charter is. a dead letter not even worth
the' compliment of notice.
It is not infrequent that a San Franciscan gives ex
pression- to a judgment which' is entitled '"to national
consideration. A few days ago a postal j thief, who
had ¦ the poor grace to . be caught, . expressed a desire
to be sent at once to jail. His action should be timely
in suggestion • to some of the scurrying officials in
Washington. \ , ¦ , ?^l:y^.:..~ ... ;
A case, has recently come to light that proves the
example of Washington to be still a vital force
among his countrymen. Judge O. P. Shiras of the
Federal bench for the Northern District of Iowa, is
about to resign after a quarter century's service as
THE Civil War is long past. It survives in mem
ory, and in the lessening legion of veterans and
the lengthening pension list. It is not unusual
to hear defense of the country put on a dollar and
cent basis. In numerous cases this is right, be
cause the fortunes of men arc unequal. While all
owe the same allegiance to the Government, some
can afford to pay their debt to their country in one
way and some in another.
Washington set for his countrymen many useful
examples. One was his refusal to receive any com
pensation either for his military or civil service to
his country. From the time the Continental Con
gress voted to him the chief command until he sur
rendered his sword and his commission to Mifflin,
President of that Congress, in Annapolis, which was
then the capital of. the United States, he took not
a shilling of pay from his country. Nor did he draw,
any salary for. his eight years' service as President.
Now he did not mean by this that all men should
serve their country free in war and in peace. But
he did mean that when a man's fortune, being the
fruit of his country's laws and institutions permit
ting opportunity for his energy, warrants, he may
with credit and honor give his sen-ice to his country
free, in payment of his debt. Such ah act is highly
honorable and reflects no discredit upon others
whose, circumstances forbid the following of the
Washingtonian example.
A GENUINE PATRIOT.
' Efforts are now being made in New Jersey to se
cure an accounting in the .affairs of the pipe trust.
Perhaps if the disgruntled ones would change their
brand, smoke up/ and leave .the rest of us in peace
they would discover that everybody is entitled to
trust in his own pipe, and in the enjoyment of. the"
resulting dreams; • > : ¦ -; '^*'*— u 'i
The failure of a Kentucky jury to convict two cow
ardly assassins of the murder of which they were
guilty is to be followed by another judicial farce, one
of many in which the State is prolific. Some of the
leading personages in the trial proceedings are to be
arrested on charges of perjury and bribery. Mean
while the piospect of- more assassination- is immi
nent.
J\ colored man in Sacramento has been sentenced
five years' imprisonment for stealing a' bicycle.
And thus is ambition rudely crushed in seeking a
more ready means for its flight from watermelon
and chicken.
It is reported that the railroad company is going
to build a three-mile tunnel through the San Luis
Obispo Mountains in order to "make up time."
Many a man will try to make it up and will appre
ciate this delicate bit of thoughtfulness, even at the
cost of two million dollars — to the railroad. No
price is too high for the company, to pay for these
little restful comforts that cannot be .properly en
joyed in the hurry and skurry and in the light of the
poky little ordinary tunnel. -" : -A" .••: : ¦.¦•-/"
The railway from Caracas to Valencia
fifty-five miles, has elghty-slx tunnels.
C.vA. Canfleld, the well-known oil man
of Los- Angeles, arrived from the south
yesterday and is at the Palace.
LI P. St. Clair, .who is connected .with
the electric enterprises of Bakersneld, is
registered at I the Grand. {
J. Cass. a merchant of Cayucos, is at
the Lick.
Fred Sutton, an attorney of Sonora is
at the Uck.
J. C. Taylor, a merchant of Hanford, is
at the Palace.
TL Cornforth, a merchant of Marysville.
is at the Lick.
W. P. Thomas, an attorney of Ukiah,
is at the Grand. .,
. Max Strauss, a merchant of Turlock, is
at the California.
| State Senator Selvage of Eureka Is stop
ping at the Grand.
Dr. W. R. Beth of New Orleans is reg
istered at the Palace.
G. D. Plato, a merchant of Modesto, is
registered at the Lick.
R. Middlemlss. a mining man of Mex
ico is at the California.
P. L. Flanigan. a caltle and mining man
of Reno. In at the Grand.
E.* B. Lewis, a photographer of San
Luis Obispo. is at the Russ.
M. E. Sanborn, an attorney of Yuba
City, is stopping at the Lick.
W\ S. Carter, a jeweler of Santa Rosa,
is. stopping at the Occidental.
Dr. W. W. McKay and wife of Philadel
phia are guests at the Grand.
The Rev. J. H. Watson and family of
New York City are at the Palace.
V. E. Dowd of Santa Rosa, Assessor
of Sonoma County, is at the Lick.'
Dr. W. M. S._ Beede, a leading surgeon
of Stockton," Is~registeredat the Palace.
L. I?. Pounds tone, a mining man of
Gaston. is among the latest, arrivals at
the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
LONDON. July 7.— Miss Frances Whit*
house. eldest daughter of W. FUzhugh White
house of Newport. R. 1.. and Baron Cocstan
tlne Ramsey, a Rentleman tn waiting: to th»
Cxar, ¦were married at St.. Peter's Church to
day.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC. •
Townsend's California, glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg.*
LEXINGTON*, Ky.. July 7.- Two physi
cians of this city and Louisville left' here
to-day for Whitehall, the home of Gen
eral Casslus M. Clay. They go to cxamin*
into his mental condition to report to the
court on a lunacy writ obtained by his
children. General Clay, who is 93 years
old. is u/ider the hallucination that his
children are trying to kill him and he re
fuses entrance to all. They took this
method to care for him. Ills home is bar
ricaded and how the physicians will get
in is a problem.
Two Physicians Are Appointed by
the Court to Examine Into His
Mertal Condition.
GENERAL CLAY REMAINS
BEHIND HIS BABBICADES
WASHINGTON. July ".—The following Call
forntans rfel«t«red at the hotels to-day: At
the New Wlllard — Emil Maener of San Fran
cisco: at the Rale! sh — Mrs. I. T. Lomer of
Pasadena: at the National — A. Henderson of
San Francisco; at the St. James — W. D.
Creighton of Han Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. G.
K. Bunter or "Berkeley; at the St. Clair— Mr.
Nre of Michigan Bluff.
Californians in Washington.
Besides the two rings, one 50x210 feet
and the other 100x120. the lower floor will
be devoted to ladies' and gentlemen's re
ception rooms, offices and a mounting
and saddling paddock. Above the enclosed
ring a wide gallery, running the whole
length of the second story. \ is intended
to seat spectators at the horse shows
which will be given when the club occu
pies Its new quarters. Commodious dress
ing rooms for the members of the club
arc located on the second floor as well
as the rooms of the riding master and
the grooms.
a perfectly equipped riders
clubhouse and housed ring which Is being
constructed by John Flournoy for the
use of tbe San Frdncisco Riding Club.
The new structure, for which the con
tracts have already been let. Is to be
erected on the southwest corner of Sev
enth avenue and C street, and when com
pleted In the latter part of the fall will
cost HO.OOO. . ;• . -. :.-.• . v
The handsome building, which is to be
known as the Riding Club. Is to be of
Spanish style of architecture. -Within,
all of the modern' appurtenances of a rid
ing club will. be. installed. Two rings, an
open one and a . roofed enclosure, will
give the opportunity for the pupils in rid
ing to perfect themselves before appear
ing on the driveways of the park. There
will be stables with all of the scientific
conveniences, capable of accommodating
100 horses. "V-v ¦
DEVOTEES of the sport of riding
are interested in the impetus
which is to be given to their
pa3time by the construction of
As "Yankee Doodle" was a musical vagrant, to
which some foolish and fantastic words were sung,
and was picked up out of the gutter for revolution
ary purposes by our sires in 1776, we have an equal
right to take "Hot Time'* wherever we find it and
make a national air of it. One thing is certain no
man can hear it without feeling a smile crawl down
his back. No doubt the new music for "America"
will be fine, but of necessity it must be a somber,
heroic tune, not intended to tickle our patriotic ribs,
bet to make us want to go out and die on the field
of battle, glory in view, leaving a collection of last
words to posterity. "Hot Time" makes us want to
make it interesting for the other fellow.
row-raising tune is Professor Edouard, a~German, not
yet a naturalized riti/en, but represented as a good
American and wholly interested in this country. He
says the tun? :s American and cannot be traced back- 1
ward ir.to the Old World.
"A Thousand Years. My Own Columbia," to Mrs.
Howe's "Battle Hymn" and "Marching Through
Georgia." American music did not get back to where
it was when "Dixie" was born until it struck the
earth and became earthy in ragtime and Coon songs.
Then it gained vigor and vim, and though the classi
cal musicians deplore and deprecate and»vie\v with
alarm these attempts to tune human laughter and set
happiness to music, and point with pride to tears,
misery and crime set to harmony, it is evident that
the smile has been put into music to stay.
One classicist in Chicago appreciates this and is of
the opinion that we are just old enough now to pick
out a national air. Indeed he believes this is already
done and that "There'll Be a Hot Time" is the one.
It was played at San Juan and Santiago, and on
Dcwey's flagship at the battle of Manila. It wel
comed home every returning regiment of volunteers
from the Spanish war, having already sped their de
parture and put life and mettle in their heels on the
march and in battle. The Chicago friend of this
I? it «ear enough to the Fourth of July to discuss
art eminently patriotic and tuneful matter. It
is announced that some one has invented a new
tune lor the national hymn. "America." That is well
as far as it goes. We have been singing the na
tional hymn to "God Save the King" so long that
Americans traveling in Great Britain and being un
aware of the pedigree of the tune have felt flattered in
the belief that their musical and mannerly cousins
were serenading them with their own Yankee tune.
The "Star-Spangled Banner" stirs us all to a high
impulse of patriotism, but it is not an American
tune. It has been an immigrant from some part of
Italy, and troubadoured around through Germany
and France, gaining something and losing something,
before we picked it up and pinned it to the flag,
using Key's stirring verses for that purpose.
Though we sing "America" to the British national
air, the British can't complain because we borrow it
from them, for they borrowed it from Germany, and
it is so ancient that perhaps its harmony was chanted
in deep bass by the hardy Northmen at their bulls
head feasts, when they were full of beef, beer and
battle. "Britannia Rules the Wave" and our own
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean," arc tunes so old
that the morning stars may have sung them, or
they might have been hummed "when Music, heav
enly maid, was young," and by that lyric young lady
herself.
It is nothing against a tune that it is old. This
generation does not hear "Barbara Allen," "Susan
nah. Don't You Cry," "Lucy Xeal" and the airs that
made their grandparents weep in that solemn and
Calvinistic period of music when it* office was re
garded as a mournful function to make folks feel
bad. It is weil that American composers* did not
get out their thoroughbass and counterpoint in those
days and proceed to construct a national air, for
it would inevitably have been like "Roslyn Castle,"
the "Dead March in Saul" or some other dirge.
We were just coming out of that weeping stage of
music when the Civil War came on, and the process
was unfortunately interrupted. Music put off her
crape and wiped her weeping eyes and gave us that
distinctly American lilt. "Dixie." It was comjposed
and first heard in the North, but was adopted as a
Southern air early in the war, so that when our
brass bands bombarded the rebel ranks with "Amer
ica" they fired back with "Dixie." For a long time
that ti-.ne stood alone. We went into war lyrics ex
tensively. The South had that mournful and inac
curate air, "My Maryland." and the North went
through mu«ical evolution, from "Tenting on the Old
Camp Ground." "The Vacant Chair," "Put Me Down,
but Save the Flag," "Nicodemus," "Old Shadv" and
A NATIONAL AIR WANTED.
Alva Wilson and Miss Alice Swasey
were the principal? at a very quiet wed
ding on Saturday evening at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Watson on
Gough street in this city. The bride is
a daughter of F. M. Swasey, proprietor
of the Redding Free Press. Mr. Wilson
is a resident of Kennett and Is associated
with the Trinity Copper Company. After
a wedding trip, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson will
reside at Kennett. .
Prince Poniatowski has returned from
his European trip.
« • •
Mr. and Mrs. James Follis have been en
tertaining informally at San Rafael,
where they arc spending the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase
expect to spend next month at Tahoe.
They have been entertaining a number of
friends at their country place, "Stag's
Leap."
Mr. and Mrs. Gus Costigan (nee N'ash)
are erecting a home at Sausaltio near the
"Hutch," and expect to occupy it in the
near- future. '-»'.
Lieutenant Clarence Deems of the ar
tillery has been granted a month's leave
of absence. Upon his return, on August
22, the lieutenant will bring with him a
bride. Miss" Harriet Brush, his engage
ment to whom was recently announced.
The guests included Mi?s Emily Wilson,
Mies Mabel Toy. Miss Elsie Sperry. Dr.
and Mrs. Henry Kieretedt. U. S. A.. Athol
McBoan. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Anderson.
Miss Van Wyck. Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Johnson, Bverett Bee. Mr. and Mrs. W. L..
Dean and Miss Helen Dean.
Mrs. \V. i:. Dean, who is ever a delight
ful hostess, gave a large dinner at Hotel
Rafael on Sunday evening. Pink was the
color scheme in decoration, pink sweet
peas predominating.
Colonel and Mrs. J. B. Rawles are
about ' to build a' new home on Green
street.
Jack Wilson was host at a small dinner
in the red room of the Bohemian Club on
Monday evening.
Preparations are being rapidly com
pleted for the midsummer jinks to begin
August ' S at the beautiful Bohemian
Club Grove on Russian River. Members
of the club have never for a moment re
gretted the purchase of this site, which
is regarded as one of the most picturesque
spots in California. Those who can spare
a few days from the strenuous business
world will camp at the grove, while
others will take a flying trip and taste
the joys of the jinks.
Professor Shaw does not believe that
the Cuban reciprocity bill had anything
to do with the reduction. He says Michi
gan has built seven more refineries since
the bill waa proposed; Michigan now "has
twenty-one refineries against California's
eight, though they have not the capacity
of those in this State.
the East
The minor reasons for the reduced crop
are the series of dry years, the better
paying garden truck, to which many
farmers have turned their attention, and
the larger prices paid for sugar beets In
The principal reason is that California
beet farmers have not irrigated their
crops, fearing the effect of the water on
the quality of the beet. In Utah ami
Colorado, however, irrigation has beer
tried with success. It waa found there
that while the portion of sugar per ton
of beets was somewhat decreased the crop
of brets was increased fifty per cent,
which was more than enough to cover the
loss in sugar. A good many California
beet men propose to try irrigation this
year and Professor Shaw is helping them
to find the best way to irrigate.
George W. Shaw, professor of agricul
tural chemistry at the University of Cali
fornia, gave some reasons to-day why the
sugar beet crop of California has declined
in volume this year, thus explaining the
statement made in a bulletin a short
time ago that Michigan would this year
go into the first rank as- a. sugar-produc
ing State, a position that California has
held for the last thirty years.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, July 7.
BOHEMIAN CLUB
PREPARING FOR
ANNUAL JINKS
WHY THE BEET
SUGAR CROP IN
STATE LESSENS
One of the most interesting features of the report
is the statement of the Comptroller of the Currency
that during the fiscal year 537 new national banks were
organized, and that 339 of them have approximately a
capital of $25,000 each. The small' banks have been
established in places having a population of less than
3000. It is true that all of them are not strictly
speaking new banks, for upward of 42 per cent of the
total number are conversions of State or private banks
into banks operating under the national bank law, but
Still the number of newly established banks is suffi
cient to show that good progress is being made in
the direction of providing sipall towns and rural com T
munities with banking facilities not~1iitherto cn
- The whole report can be' read with satisfaction by
every citizen, and'must be a matter at once of admira
tion and envy to European financiers." It shows that
Uncle Sam's revenues are so ample that even when
he repeals taxes he cannot reduce them to the extent
estimated by. experts, and. every year our statesmen
have to wrestle with a surplus. '
A summary of the 'figures given out to the press
says: "The treasury surplus for the -fiscal year ending
yesterday is $52,710,035. "The receipts from cus-.
toms during the fiscal year aggregated; $.283,891,718,
the internal revenue receipts being $230,115,255, with
miscellaneous receipts of, $44;88o.552. The total ; re
ceipts for the year have been $558,887,725, and the ex
penditures $506,176,590.- The surplus for the fiscal
year ending June 30,. 1902, .was $92,194,370^ The re
pea! of the war revenue taxes has materially reduced
the surplus for the present, year, but trie present sur
plus is, nevertheless, much larger than the treasury
Officials had estimated.. The expenditures for. the
present year have been much greater, showing an in
crease over last year of about $35,000,000. This hi^"
crease. in expenditures has ; been in almost all of the
varijous -branches of the Government, the War De
partment expenditures, however, showing a decrease
of about $26,000,000. The navy shows an increase
over the last fiscal year of about $22,000,000."
While the surplus revenues have reached the fig
ures slated, the actual increase of cash in the treas
ury is given at only $19,357,651, the balance of the
surplus having been returned to circulation in busi
ness channels by the pavment of interest on the pub
lic debt, the expense HP refunding operations and the
redemption of certain Government bonds.
The money statements show that the total amount
of gold in the treasury on June 30, 1903. was $631,
639.898, an increase of $71,430,598 over 1902. The
outstanding gold certificates, less the amount of same
in the treasury on June 30, 1903, were $379,356,789, an
increase of $72,958,780 over the net amount in circu
lation at the beginning of the year. The treasury
notes of 1890, which amounted to $30,000,000 at the
beginning of the fiscal year, have by the coinage of
silver bullion^ into " sta'ndard silver dollars and sub
sidiary silver beeif reduced to $19,243,000. The amount
of public moneys held by national bank depositaries
on June 30, 1902, was $123,983,067, and on June jo,
1903, $i5i.7-*4.432. an increase for the year of
$27,741,365. B# ' "
O'NCEmore the of the books .;of
the national treasury; at. the, close.. of a fiscal
year makes \ a showing of prosperity; much
greater than was expected: Despite the fact that the
expenditures of the past year exceeded the estimates^
the revenues were sufficient to' overcome them, and
leave a surplus considerably in excess of the calcula
tion. ' The result is due to the unexpectedly large im
ports of" foreign goods paying duty, and that -in turn
is a proof of the 'augmented prosperity of the
country.-' , ¦¦;¦'' < ¦ ¦ . - ' .,
THE TREASURY '¦ S HO WING, f '§
At Forsythe, Mont., grasshoppers have devoured
everything 'covering a -space seventy; miles long and
fifty wide, and.nearly all the cattle there have starved
to death. It isn't size that always counts, but some
times the one that gets there first. : -
WEDNESDAY.....' ,...;.........,. JULY 8, "1903
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/c<!rcf» All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manafltr.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
ITIILICATIOV OFFICE.. .Market and Third, 9. F.
i:ononiAL ROOM? 217 «o 221 Strrenioi St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct».
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Poctace (Cub With Order):
DAILT CALL. GaeJaSln* Sunday). oa« year S9.OO
DAILY CALX, (indudlnc Sunday). 0 months 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month TSe
6UNDAT CALX,. On« T«ax 2-0»
WEEKLT CALL, Oa« Tear l.OO
f Dally... fS.SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE { 6un<Uy.. 4.10 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All Poitmaiteri are authorised to recelr*
subscription*.
6*apl* eoples will be forwarded when requested.
11*11 ssbecrlbera In ordering efcacx* of address should b*
particular to aiva both NEW ASD OLD ADDRESS la order
to incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
ORA5CH OFFICES— 527 Montromery. e«nier of Clay, open
entn *:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 639
MeAJlleter, open untU • :30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
9:80 o'clock. 1841 Mlsrlon. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Blxtemth. open until 9 o'clock. 1060 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8
• o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, opea
nail • o'clock. 2200 Tinmen, opea until 9 o'clock.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call «nbtrrlbrri> cxmtenmlatlnr a rbanire of
rcsUeaee dnrlnr tbe •amner month* can have
their paper tornordrd by mall to' their new
addressee* by notifying The Call Bmlneii Ofltce.
Thi» paper will also be on sale mt all auxnmer
reaortB tnd «¦ represented .»y a local »;cn( in
• tl town* en the const.
The i«suc is put substantially in this way: Under
existing conditions Colombia is in possession of an
isthmus across which a large part of the world's com
merce must pass. There are many steamship lines
converging at Panama and Colon that load and un
load there enormous quantities of merchandise in
transit, while large numbers of passengers are com
pelled to stop at each end of the isthmian railway.
From the transfer of merchandise, baggage and pas
sengers Panama derives a considerable revenue, and
quite a number of people depend upon it for a living.
Should the canal be constructed the whole of that in
dustry will vanish. Merchandise would not be loaded
nor unloaded, passengers would not stop. The big
ships would simply steam past Colon and Panama,
from ocean to ocean, going on their way without
giving employment to a single, isthmian laborer.
Perez says: "The isthmus of Panama offers no
allurements to the traveler or the archaeologist.
From their unhealthy shores the isthmians could only
watch the oqean steamers transport the productions
of the world without even pausing for the briefest
greeting.- Their position would be that of the peo
ple of a small town that sees its one slow train trans
formed into a lightning express. In the one case
they can take the train at will and^may avail them
selves of its other advantages: in the other they could
do nothing but boast that the great express flashed
past their windows." .
There is a valid ground for that argument. The
opening of the canal would undoubtedly put an end
to the transfer of merchandise and destroy the local
industry that now depends upon handling the goods
in transit. There would come to the Panama people
new opportunities, however, and if they have enough
enterprise they would profit by them. It appears they
are not confident of their ability to seize the new
chances for enterprise, and accordingly they desire
to hold on to what they have. It is not an argument
that appeals to a progressive people, .but one can
readily understand how it would have much weight
with the Colombians. J
As to the better method of dealing with the
problem Perez says: "What Colombians would like
to do about the canal would be to have their coun-.
try hold a permanent interest in the enterprise as a
partner of the United States, deriving, an income that
would benefit not a few officials of one political party,
but all the people for generations to come." 'Just
how such a partnership would be effected or operated
the writer does not say, but he asserts that all the
details could be deliberately and safely settled be
tween the two countries to the entire satisfaction of
both. The American people will hardly agree with
that proposition. The Government of Colombia is
too weak and too irresponsible for us to undertake a
partnership with it. We should be 'involved in
broils without end. The canal must be constructed,
owned and controlled solely by the United States.
If Colombia cannot agree to that, then the United
States must look elsewhere for a route. -
RAUL PEREZ, a member of one of the most
. distinguished of South American families, has
contributed to the current North American
Review a statement of the Colombian view of the
Panama canal question. His object is to show the
American people that those Colombians who are op
posed to the canal have a rational ground upon which
to base their objections, and that their opposition is
not due to a mere dislike of the United States or to
any innate antagonism to progress.
Senor Perez says the facts involved in the question
may be thus stated: "First, neither the Colombian
executive nor any ordinary Congress can constitu
tionally ratify" a treaty that involves a cession of ter
ritory to a foreign power; second, the canal will not
be of as much benefit to Colombia as those'who are
unfamiliar with the situation assume: third, Colom
bians firmly believe that there are Qther'solutions to
the problem, which, besides being fair, and legal,
would permanently satisfy both the United States and
Colombia.''
The first objection being one of constitutional law,
must be left to Colombian authorities tosettle. It
is" claimed by the opponents of the treaty that there
is a radical difference between granting a concession
to a private corporation like the French Panama
Canal Company, which would be subject to Colom
bian sovereignty, and granting a similar concession to
a sovereign power like the United States, and there
can be no question that the point is well taken.
There is, however, nothing derogatory to Colombia
in the proposed cession to the United States.* France
sold us the Louisiana Territory, Mexico sold us the
Gadsden purchase, without losing prestige; and Co
lombia could readily imitate their example with as
little wrong to herself. Such being the case, we must
look to the other objections for the real cause of
Colombian opposition, and we shall find it very
clearly stated by Perez. It amounts to a declaration
that the construction of the canal would injure the
business interests of Panama rather than benefit tliem:
NEW RIDERS' CLUBHOUSE PROMISES
TO GIVE AN IMPETUS TO PASTIME
THE COLOMBIAN VIEW.
When he was appointed to the bench it was ex
pected that..he .would, finally go upon the Supreme
bench. But that honor fell to his" brother, Judge
Shiras of Pittsburg. But O. P. Shiras can afford to
lack whatever ! fame would have been his as a Su-i
preme Justice and rest upon - his patriotic and free
service to his'country in the years of Tier periU -
United States District Judge.. As. he puts off the er
mine, the fact comes" to light that he enlisted as a
private in the Civil War and served to the end with
out pay? saying that he owed service to his country
without charging for it.' His' case is quite remark
able, because he was a young man who had neither
inherited nor accumulated a fortune", so" that his un
requited service was only. an expression of his ap
preciation of 'the' free institutions under 'which he
THE SAN Fli AtfCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ JULY 8, 1903.
BU1LD1XG TO BE ERECTED
FOR THE 8AX FRANCISCO
RIDING tbUB.
Carnegie is said to be paying large prices for rare
fossils, and now ; the. Domocratic" party can raise a
campaign fund -by selling off about three-fourths of
its leaders. . ,,_.....,_.. ~: ¦. ',:Z . ? .'
6
{ MOST AffPACIODS BOOK.OF TBE YEAR]
[ -^ The Spenders j
| BY HARBY LEON WILSON. j
m r~ J
• This clever and extremely down-to-date story — a daring study j
§• 9 in contrast — the West against the East I
H . ...begins in the~. !
§ | NEXT SUNDAYi CALXi I
§ The Only Paper in Amaric* Giving Its Subscriber* '
I ABSOLUTELY FREE \
J Any or All of That Wonderful Series of "colorr.l Art Masterpieces, (
I BRYSON'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN !
J Which Have Made the Artist World Jamous, This Is Because Bry. '
¦ son Personally Suptrintends tht Reproduction of AH j .'^J
£j His Pictures by the Costliest and Host Remark- <
• «able Color Process Bt«t Invented. This Is j
"5 . Also.the Beasoo That Most of His I
¦ Pictures Are Known by Their
g Csjrdinal Colors. \
\ Beginning NEXT SUNDAY, July 12 1
¦ Tou Will Get the Whole Series of Six in Bapid Succession. The ? I
B .. First. Will Be '
!| LOVE'S CONFIDENCEMAGNIFICENT STRUCTURE
•"WHICH MAY BE ERECTED IN
THIS CITY.
Acting United States Attorney Banning 1
will apply to Judge Morrow to-day for a
restraining order to prevent the owners
of 200,000 head of sheep from pasturing the
animals on the Stanislaus Forest Reserve.
The men and the flocks are now encamped
in Mono County on the eastern border of
the reserve,' and they threaten to Invade
the territory set apart as a watershedfor
the people of this State.
Sheepmen to Be Restrained.
Is Suffering From Severe Stroke of
Paralysis, but Shows Signs
'. of Improvement. ~\
Mrs. James H. Goodman, who has made
her home at the Palace Hotel 'for -many,
years, suffered a severe stroke of paraly
sis last Sunday.
She was reported last night to be some
what better and resting quietly. Her
daughter, Mrs. J. C. Noyes of.Napa, came
lo her mother's bedside at once, and her
son, James G. Mudgett, Is in constant
attendance.
MRS. J. H. GOODMAN VERY
ILL AT PALACE HOTEL
Galileo's first telescope was made from
part of a lead water pipe, in each end of
which he cemented common spectacle
glasses.
and religious institutions which he had
assisted to build up. S
The funeral will take place this morning
at 1L30 o'clock from Plymouth Congrega
tional Church. The Rev. Dr. George C.
Adams, pastor of the First Congregation
al Church, will conduct the service. The
pall bearers will be Br P. Moore. Syl
vester Merrill, W. M. Searby, Robert
Coulter. Henry Schlosser and J. Q. Gar
field. The Interment will be at Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
Get the Wasp's pictorial history of the
Pacific Cable. Sold by Newsdealers. •
The steamer City of Teklns arrived in port
at .11:15 o'clock, last night after being: out
thirty-one days from HonKkonjr. Captain Rob
inson attributes the delay of his vessel to
head winds and a poor grade of coal. The
steamship carried forty-seven cabin passen
gers and thirty-two in the steerage.
Belated Peking Arrives.
Trunks, valises, dress suit cases, trav
eling rolls, pocketbooks, wrist bags that
look good, are good and are cheap. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ••
Trunks and Valises.
As near as can be ascertained the, theft
was committed by a peddler, who, it Is
supposed, plies this calling for the pur
pose of securing entrance to houses and
securing whatever loot he can lay his
hands on. • : <..->- ,
The police at the Central station are in
vestigating a daring burglary committed
at 1320 Buchanan street shortly before
noon Monday. The residence of S. Dam
ner was entered by a thief and coin and
Jewelry taken. The thief entered by a
window in the front of the house and es
caped with his plunder.
Mrs. Damner wa3 busy ,In the rear of
the house when the theft occurred. She
knew nothing of it until she entered her
apartments and found everything in dis
order, the thief having ransacked .the
room and taken whatever of value he
could find. The contents of bureau draw
'ers were scattered over the floor and other
receptacles had been searched. A gold
watch, contained in a glove box, had been
stolen, and about JS in cash disappeared
with it.
Thief Steals Watch and Coin From
Buchanan-Street Home of
S. Damner.
BURGLAR OPERATES THOUGH
WOMAN IS IN THE HOUSE
Constable Hyde says that Lewis drove
the girl in a busrgy from Benicia to Vallejo
on Monday night, where they were Joined
by Lekus, and the trio took the train to
this city. The constable came after them
yesterday morning and with the assist
ance of Detective Anthony traced them
to 1733 Folsom street- The girl denied
that she had been abducted and said she
left Benicia of her own accord.
George Lekus, a tanner, and George
Lewis, alias Constantine, a fisherman,
both of Benicia. were arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detective Anthony and Con
stable \V. D. Hyde of Benicia and book
ed at the City Prison on a charge of ab
duction. Mazie Constantine, 13^ years of
age. daughter of a Benicia fisherman,
whom they are accused of abducting, was
also arrested and Constable Hyde left
with the trio shortly after the arrest for
Benicia.
George Lekus and George Lewis,
Alias Constantine, Arrested
in This City.
WANTED IN BENICIA ON
CHARGE OF ABDUCTION
of late it was not th^upht that his condi
tion wa? Fuch a? to cause any Immediate
• larm «rnl his pasrlng away after two
. weeks* illness was quite unexpected by
A widow and Hght children. Emma E.
and Nfll H. CoIp, Mrs. Lester B. Smith.
FoFtT P.. Charle? M.. John F.. X. Par
k<jr and William EL CoIp, survive him.
All thr members of his family were at
Jiis bedside whrn he died.
Mr.* Cole wa? in the furniture business
n^ar Boston when a young man and came
' to San Francisco in 1W4. when he organ
ized the firm of N. P. Cole & Co., which
was- afterwards known as the California
Furniture Company. He was its presl
.-dent until the concern Fold out In 1900 to
I* th» John Hreunrr Company. Up to the
titne of his doath and for many years
previous he was a director of the Donohoe-
Kelly Bank, besides bring interested In
• many othrr business enterprises. He was
a public spirited citizen and was especial
ly interested in philanthropic and reli
• jrious institutions. Since 1ST. he had been
one of the pillars of the Plymouth Con
gregational Church of this city. For a
long time he served as trustee of the San
' Francisco Youns Men's Christian Asso
ciation and in like capacity showed his in
terest in the Pacific Theological Semin
ary. For many years he was president
of the San Francisco Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals.
Mr. Cole retired from active business
in 1930. since which time he had devoted
himself to the welfare of the charitable
frir-nds in this city.
While he had not been in robust health
Patriotic and Benevolent Citizen,
Connected With Many Philan
thropic Movements, Expires.
The death of Nathaniel P. Cole at the
age of 72. xdiic h occurred at Ben I>omond,
Santa Cruz County, on Monday last,
cam* a* a surprise to his numerous
NATHANIEL COLE'S DEATH
GRIEVES MANY FBIENDS
Selby further states that through the
loss of the society and help of his wife,
his work as a preacher and lecturer has
been wrecked and he was compelled to 1
leave hia work in Melbourne, Australia,
and return to America, where he has been
reduced to destitution: that through the*
same cause he forfeited the confidence of,
many of the electors of northern Mel- '
bourne and his chances at the first Fed- j
eral election, in which he was a candidate j
fop a seat in the House of Representa- !
tlves of the Parliament of the Australian
Commonwealth were destroyed.
Selby asks for $25,000 damages.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday'
by Anna V. " Hunter against y Bedford i
Brown Hunter for cruelty, II. Mahler j
against Evelena Mahler for desertion, i
Sarah McMillan against Angus McMillan j
for failure to provide, Samuel "W. Fargo |
against Mary A. Fargo for Intemperance
and desertion. Edwin S. Lewis against
Mary E. Lewis for desertion, Richard F.
Armstrong against Mary F. Armstrong
for desertion, and Lillian A. Corbln
against David E. Corbln for desertion.
Isaac Selby brought suit against Donald
McRae yesterday for the alienation of
Mrs. Selby's affections. The plaintiff was
unable to pay the legal fees, and upon
application to Presiding Judge Murasky,
he was allowed to file his complaint.
Selby makes some interesting allega
tions In his complaint. He alleges that
he married Theresa Beatrice Chapman In
the city of Auckland, New Zealand, on
October 28, 18S6. and that he lived hap
pily with her until she met the defendant,
Donald McRae. He claims that his wife
entered into business relations with Mc-
Rae, and that as a result of their associ
ation they became Intimate. He states
that this was against his expressed wish,
and that McRae alienated his wife's affec
tions from him and deprived him of the
love and care of his children.
Dr. Harvey announced the waif a lit
tle girl four or five weeks old and said
that she gave every appearance of having
received proper care prior to the aban
donment. She Is a blue-eyed and blond
haired mite, and last night seemed per
fectly content In the cot at the hospita.1.
The baby received her numerous visitors
composedly and eomewhat sleepily and
finally, when thoroughly warmed and fed,
went off into dreamlar^l as peacefully a;
though she was not lacking a mother's
loving care.
The clothing of the child, while scrupu
lously clean and abundant, was not ol
expensive material. In addition to the
ordinary under-clothing of the average
baby, she had on a frock embroidered In
silk, and a Chinese embroidered silk scarf
was tied about her head. Inside the col
lar of the frock was a laundry mark,
rather Illegible, that seemed to be "B
6t»2." This was the only clew discoverable
last night that might lead to the dis
closure of the identity of the parents of
the abandoned baby. The police will en
deavor to ascertain whence came the lit
tle stranger on the doorstep.
Patrolman McGovern, whose beat is on
Hayes street, carried the waif, first to the
Hall of Justice. The Jail officials decided
that the prison was not a proper place for
such a charge and they had it conveyed
to the Central Emergency Hospital, where
Matron Kane made the tiny wayfarer
comfortable.
Swathed in warm and clean clothing,
With a bottleful of milk inside the wrap
pings and a rubber ring clutched in its
pudgy fist, a tiny rriite of humanity was
discovered on the front steps of the flat
at 95S Hayes street about 9:30 o'clock last
night. The feeble crying of the little one
attracted the attentlo'n of a girl who was
passing and she notified the Inmates of
the premises that a baby had been left
on their front doorstep. It was taken intc
the house and the police were notified. -
On the second floor toward the front upon
either Bide of the stairway wllj be two rooms
for special reference. The northerly wing U
to be used for bound newspapers ami periodi
cals, the southerly wing will be a lecture hall
with, seating capacity of 15<X). The central
wing' In the rear of the building may serve
for unbound periodicals, a committee j room
and additional - book stacks.
Thn mezzanine floor, with lance open spaces
around the circular light well ' with ample
wall space, will serve for exhibits. On this
floor, corresponding to, the rooms set apart
for the librarian and eecretary on the first
floor, will be two rooms, one of which is for
the trustees.
The basement will afford room for a news
paper reading-room In the northwesterly cor
ner, a work room In the northeasterly corner,
a central - large, hallway with space for bicy
cles, four small storerooms, room for receiving
and cataloguing books, a substation-room and
a lunchroom, besides lavatories for ¦ the pub
lic and employes.
On the first floor will be the central deliv
ery hall with a delivery desk facing the en
trance. The northerly wing of the building
Is to be used as a reading-room, the southerly
wing as a children's- room and for bookshelves
of free access to the pubilc. Upon one side of
the entrance to this floor, will be the agrarian's
and the other the secretary's .office. Space Is
provided for a checkroom.-
The style of architecture is to be classic
and large Corinthian columns, 40 feet high
will be placed entirely around the building.
In the center of the building will be a ro
tunda fifty feet In dlameUr. with twelve
marble columns, surmounted by a glass dome.
Space for the book stacks will be ample
and conveniently located in the rear, central
portion of the structure. These book ¦ stacks
are to be of the most modern type, entirely
of metal with glass floors, accessible at sev
eral points from rrfch story of the building.
The first floor will be reached by a broad
flfRht of steps in front of the central col
umns, also by stops leading to two side en
trances openlnK toward Grove and toward
Fulton streets.
In describing the proposed library, City
Engineer Grunsky, in his specifications,
says: ¦ .
THE plans and specifications for
the proposed new public library,
bonds for the erection of which
the electors are to vote, have
been prepared by City Engineer
Grunsky and were filed yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors.
. The proposed library is to be erected at
a cost of $1,000,000, and the site selected is
estimated to be worth $647,000.
The location for the new library is on
the block bounded by Van Ness avenue,
Polk, Fulton and Grove Btreets. The
specifications call for the erection of a
granite building "with interior finish In
marble.
Six massivp columns surrounded by a
pediment wjll Ki\^ expression to the en
trance as a grand central feature of the
building.
Isaac Sel by Sues Donald
McRae for Heavy
Damages.
Tiny Waif Discovered
on Steps of Hayes
Street Plat.
PLACES A VALUE
ON WIFE'S LOVE
LITTLE CHILD
IS ABANDONED
THE HAN FBAEXJISCO ; CALL, JULY 8, 1903.
City. Engineer Grunsky 'Finishes the Work and Places Design and Specifica
tions on File With Supervisors, Who Will Call Election that Voters May
Decide if Bonds Shall Be Issued forthe Construction of the Building
COMPLETES PLANS FOR MAGNIFICENT
HOME FOR CITY'S PUBLIC LIBRARY
7
AMUSEMENTS.
MATIXEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. July S.
Parquet, Any Seat 25c; Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. lCc.
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKinley; Charles Dickson and
Company; The Great Har becks;
Mosher, Houghton and Mosher;
Young and De Voie; Barney Fagan
and Henrietta Byron; Julian Rose;
The Wang Doodle Comedy Four
and the Biograph.
6PAN_DSo E u1£
O2TLT 2IATINEE SATUSDA?.
"FULL OF FUN FOK THE AUDIENCES"
—CALL. :-;-,"» '
SECOND WEEK. '
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT—
HATTMOriD AND CAVEELT
And Our Superb Eastern Company In the Fasct-
rating Musical Eccentricity.
In Central i
___Park j
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
tfbffb | 61 f&M S3 R i| SAH FEASSSCfi'S
IfUbByitHPlIt LEAOIfiQ TKUm
MOST POPULAR ENGAGEMENT IN" YEARS.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company,
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Clyde Fitch's Brilliant Play,
"THE CLIMBERS"
ZTEXT MONDAY, Pirst Tim© Hare,
AWELEA BINGHAM
In Haddon Chambers' Powerful Play,
A MODERN MAGDALEN
Seats for Next Week Ready Thursday.
CALBFORNlA
TO-NIGHT.
i America's Greatest Tragedienne,
I MISS
I NANCE O'NEIL
QUEEN ELIZABETH.
' To-Morrow Night— "HEDDA GABLER";
Friday, Saturday and Sunday Nights —
I "THE JEWESS"; Saturday Matlnee-r-
j "^Next^ilSS O'NEIL in "ROMEO AND
' JULIET." _
Coming — Nelll-Morosco Company.
"Twirly Tfhirly's" last week, and we're sure
you'll a tree.
If you drop in to-night, 'twas worth coming
to see.'
But Just keep your eyes peeled, for next week
is revealed
Quite the greatest thing yet In the fun-making
field.
j Next Monday Night — The Great Double Bill.
Two Funny Travesties Combined in One. "THE
THREE MUSKETEERS"' and "UNDER THE
RED GLOBE."
RESERVED. SEATS— Nights, 23c. COc and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
50c; Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Seventh and Market Sts.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Three Kuhns; Krafft and Daley;
Harry and leorge La Kola; George
"W. Moore; George Clifton; I*oa
Durbyelle; Marian George; Clinton
Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night, 25c, 20c. 15c. 10c; Matinees,
20c and 10c. SEM
Phone for Seats— South 1022.
THE LUTZ BROTHERS and
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
; and Evening in the Theater.
SEE THE BOHEMIAN GLASSBLOWER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
visit the:
Pound and One=Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
BABY SEA LION. RECENTLY BORN" AT
THE CHUTES NOW ON EXHIBITION.
AMATEUR' NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
1A/. X. HESS.
: " H0TABY PUBLIC AKD ATTOBNBY-AT-LAW,
T«nth Floor, Hoc m 1015, Claus Spreckela bids.
Telephone Main . V83.
Residence. S21 California st. below PovclL
i ¦ Residence Telepbono Jam«s 15GL " - :
is her nature to love
«, W&& beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
. pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
• Sif 1 *^ e VCry thou S ht of ifc filIs h er with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
-or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend bo prepares the system for
• the coming event th*at< it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful
remedy is always B£& jdL fS B
jppliedexternally.and SWe ff^WW^S^S^
has earned thousands M Wffl *®J& Si B M *&?&
of women through
the tn*ing crisis without suffering. BF*^^ j* in —^ *m>B
'• -* i fcr fI T* book <»nUlnlo<r talormaUon B&B B&BB Kznm B^B Mf'S
•/pric«ie«ra!tie to allexptcUnt mothers. B% B B StS B B B JB
Tbt Brtdfleld Btsilttor Co, AUantiu fia. .T, : mmmm-:.
'. AMTTSEMENTSL
Proprietor*.
Market St./ n«ar Eighth. Phone South 63%
TO-XIGHT— ALU THI9 WEEK. . nni
MATIXEES SATURDAY ANI> StTNl>AT.
The Universal Favorite. )
JAMES CORRIQAN
In the Great Sensational Melodrama.
KIDNAPED
CCp The leap for life from Brooklyn Bridge.
JL.L. xhe thrtlllns conr.atrratlon ac«ne.
PDIfFC Evenings 10c to BOO
rolVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 23o
t Monday. July 13— JAMES CORRIGAJI to
"MULDOOX'S PICNIC."
TI V0LliSS5^
TO-NIGHT AND EVERT EVENING THI3
WEEK.
MATKCEE SATURDAT.
WANG.
The srreat comic opera Trlta Edwin Ste-
rena In the title role will be presented. Tha
last chance to see the biggest hit of many
season*.
THEN "WATCH FOR THE COMING OT
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
POPULAR PRICES 23c. BOc and 75o
s Telephone Biuh 9.
ALCAZAR M r?™a:r
Bus. Msr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
The Eminent Actor.
Mr. White Whittlesey,
In the Brilliant English Military Drama.
BROTHER OFFICERS
One of the Great New York Successes.
Superb Costumes! Magnificent Scenery'
PRICES EVENINGS 23c to 75o
1 niWLJ MATS.. Thurs. and Bat.. .15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY. JCIVY 13.
MR. WHITE WHITTLESEY
— IN—
THE PRISONER OF ZENPA.
MISCELI.ANEOTJ3.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th, 18th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 26th.
THERE AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 9O-DAY LIMIT.^
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
Pnhro I DONT FAILT0
1 aiaWW gee the beautiful
., COURT LounRing-
/Bflff room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
C 1 PALM ROOM, the
lirflflu LOUIS XV PAR.
UlttUU LOR and the LA-
D . | DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room.
"D OTTO 11170 FOR BARBERS, BA-
JJllLJOlii^O **"¦ bootblacks, bath-
*^ XEW>^** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangrers printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. ¦
WCSLKSASt BEOS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Priee Lists Mailed
" on Application.
SrBZSE AJTD 3AT.T MXAT3.
¦ iC nnVCC X- rt\ Shlpplas Butchers, 104
JA>. DUiCJ & WV. Clay. TeL Main UM.
omen, BAinc twsxtxtse, ztc.
GEO. H. roLLER DESK CO. aL^ 8^.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELJJS,
418 Front «t.. S. T. Phoix Mala 17ia.
&¦& HUGHES. m.wSSEt**.
ADTEBTISS1CBNT8.
~^ |
H Hj) Vood Rollcf^ .-. Tin Rollers. j|
|| Window Shade Folly. ||
Bra Isn't it foolish not to give careful igjga^ £^
Hp thought to window-shade rollers when 1 Jpfral^ jB?I
U fl y make such a difference in the com- fBffijm |||
KM fort and appearance of a home? j|s|a|» p|
y M Isn't it foolish to take the chance of g|
H M rollers that break or twist or tear out -JfrfSPfffHST^ H
e a yont curtains, when you can be ab- yM&JBBt&BL pi
Era solutely certain of comfort and satis- m* K
II faction by getting the Improved W ty
g Hartshorn shade roller ? 1 1^1
M H It contains such perfect, carefully 1 jr4
Mm. selected materials, so skillfully and accurately 1 Mi
U m P ot together that it always runs even. It will 1 f-^j
S|3 never twist nor break down, and it. requires no I pi
gN tacks to hold the shades. They are fastened Jk jrgj
M fM firmly and evenly by four simple Hartshorn fl!|8yfS
a g holders put on in an instant. valll M
S^ It is the strongest, simplest, easiest -working
|j H shade-roller in the world. Don f t be fooled by |ffi^
[I gj- imitations. Look on the label for this signature, | I
1 wmmmimmmamSMvS^SiSSM I
afejnst is snsoeptible to the ills of womankind u are their less farored
. Bi««rs. but owing- to their inherent distaste for adTertised articles
. will resort to all other methods for a enre firsti
«!L? t ** ** a £act wortn recording that Mrs. Pinkham is constantly
receiTinir letters from women «f high social position, saving as a last
resort and without any faith, they tried iydla E. 'Pinkham's
> egretable Compound and were completely cured by it. She actu-
ally has thousands ot such letters as the f ollowing :
Mrs. Ida Roser, grand-niece of the
late U. S. President James K. Polk,
relates her happy experience with Lydia
E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Deab Mrs. Ptskhax — I have been married for nearly
tvro years, and so far have not been blessed with a child. I
have, however, suffered with a complication of female troubles
!ind painful menstruation, until very recently.
"The value of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound was called to my attention by an intiniate friend, whose
life had simply been a torture with inflammation and ulceration,
find a few bottles of vour Compound cured her ; she can hardly
believe it herself to-clay, she enioys such blessed health. I took
four bottles of your (impound and consider myself cured. I
am once more in fine health and spirits ; my domestic and official
duties all seem easy now, for I feel so strong I can do threo
times what I used to do. You have a host of f nends hi Denver,
and among the best count, Yours very gratefully,
Mrs. Ida L. Roser, 326 E. ISth Ave., Denver, CoL
If you are ill, don*t hesitate to get a bottle of Lydia B.
!Pinlcham*s Vegetable Compound at once, and write Mrs.
Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for special advice. It is free and
always helpful.
No other person has had so wide an experience with
the ills of women, nor such a record of success, as Mrs.
Pinkham has had. Every sick woman should uroflt by
3Irs. Pinkham's advice. Write to-day. Tell her all. It
may save your life.
tf*r fJftfi FORFEIT If Tre cannot forthtrith produce the original letter m4
V'*}!( f f r i fciRmture O f *boTe t*-«lmonl«l. which will prove its absolute penuin*
t?rie ( i«iJ ue&s. l.ydia K. Plokham Medicine Co., Lynn, Alau.
Your Credit Is Good
.^f^S. Enameled Bed.
S'T 1 j) ff^Jy Heavy uprights,
\ Jl \/ V r angle iron end and
J^^^^g^^^^J side^ rails, •
». \%%^ gracefully
¦^^St®Hf^F§' :; curved fiUinSl
i Ha teKMbeSbMii : sam
CORDES FURNITURE GO.
245-25? Geary St.
• On the Square. -REALIZATION' WINNERS.
Tear. "Winner. Time. Value.
1S s»_4?alvator 2:51 $34,100
1890— Tournament 2:61 25.800
ISfll— Potomac 2:51 30.850
IK>2— Tarr.msny 2:51 2-5 29,470
1S93— Trobadour ,.2 50 3-5 24,150
1S&4 — Dobbins 2:55 33.400
1*05— Bright Phoebus.. 2:54 2-5 'J0.700
jgpB—IiPqultal 2:49 2-5 17.SG5
1SS7— Tlie Friar 2:4S 2-5 1S.123
IW«— Hamburg 2:5i l<-5 13.R.5
1699— nthflbert 2:512-5 12.S90
1900— Prince cf Melb'r.e 2:49 4-5 14.325
1901— The Parader 2:49 4-0 13.6...J
1&02— MaJ. imingerfleld 2:47 8-5 12.875
1903— Africander 2:45 1-5 1S.435
WELL-KNOWN MEN TO TAKE
PART IN SANTA BARBARA
FETE.
WOODLAND. July 7. — Matinee races will be
given at Agricultural Park next Saturday aft
ernoon. The best horses at the track are en
tered and some good sport is promised.
Racing Results at Seattle.
SEATTLE. July 7. — Following is a summary
of to-day's racing at the Meadows:
First race, six and a half furlongs — George
Dewey won, Rasp second. Vlnce third. Time.
1:24*4. Vince disqualified, suspected ringer.
Judge Napton substituted.
Second race, four and a half furlongs —
Louise Mac won. Designed second. Red Cross
Nurse third. Time, :68.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Mer
wan won. Alta O second, Tamm third. Time,
1:12. AfMWWMi
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles
Doreen won. Vasallo second. Shellmount third.
Time. l:51?i.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Beren
dos won. MacFIecknoe second. Nanon third.
Time. l:10V4.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Gold
Finder won. Burdock second. Major Hooker
third. Time, 1:2*%.
Grewsome Discovery on Beach.
A man who was strolling; along: the
ocean beach last evening discovered the
remains of a prematurely born infant.
He reported the matter to the Morgue
authorities.
SEATTLE, July 7. — Buechle retired In the
middle of the firth inntng. when thirteen hits
and seven runs had been made oft him. Mc-
Kay finished the game, allowing but one hit.
The locals could not hit Pfeister. however, and
were beaten decisively. The fielding of IIol-
Ilnsswcrth for Seattle was a feature. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0—1 5 0
San Francisco... W 0 3 O 4 0 0 Ox — 7 W " 2
Batteries — Buechle. McKay and Stanley;
Pfeister and Zearfosa.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 7. — Danmann lost hi»
own game to-day. In the sixth inning, with
two out and the bases loaded. Nordyke lifted
the ball over the fence for a home run, tleinjr
the score. In the ninth, with two out, Dan
mann walked Byers and hit Flannery in th<*
ribs, forcing In the winning run. Both pitchers
were wild and free with passes. Treadway has
been released by Dugdale and appointed an
umpire. As a result of Saturday's riot, which
drove Warner out of town, the double umpire
system Is to b« tried here. It gave satisfaction
to-day. Attendance, 90O. Score:
R- H T*
Spokane 1 0 0 10 4 0 0 f> — tt »' 2
Tacoma 002 4 0000 1 — 7 11 3
Batteries — Darnmann and Zalusky: Loucka
and Byers. Umpires— Mahaffey and Treadway.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 7.— Salt Lake waa
defeated by Helena to-day in the Initial gamo
of the Salt Lake team as a member of tho
Pacific National League. The game was re
plete with errors, brilliant fielding and hard
hitting. Helena won In the sixth by bunching
hits, aided by the fact that Salt Lak.e bunched
errors at the same time. Frary of Helena and
Davla of Salt Lake topped the left field fenc»
for home runs. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Helena 0 10 0 0 2 0 13—7 14* .8
Salt Lake 10100100 1 — • 10 2
Batteries — Wlgirs and Carrlach; Quick and
Shea. Umpire — Coglan.
BUTTE, Mont., July 7. — Butte won the Ini
tial game of the series with Los Angelea br
heavy hitting in the third and fourth. Attend
ance, 500. Score:
R. H. E. '
Butte t 02 3 002 Ox— « 1« 0
Los Angeles 0 0000020 0—2 7 1
Hatter ips — Roach and Swindells; Johnson
and Hardy. Umpire — Smith.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Nation*! League.)
W.UP'ct.t W.UPVt.
Butte 4B 25 .641 Saa Fran 37 3ti .50T
I-o«. Angeles .4* 2!) .603 Tacoma 30 41 .4n
Spokane 40 31 .5« Helena 25 4.-J .3eS
Seattle 39 32 .54!> Salt Lake 2 3 .231*
Allows Seattle Team but One Son
and Five Hits.
PFEISTEB PITCHES WELL.
Flmt Race — Pinky n. Sextette,
Resrlna D.
Second Rare — I'trntrer. Sardlan.
Tanirent.
Third Race Gas Llsbter, Vrnun
VIotrlx. Helen II» r .
Fourth Race— Jehane, Athena.
Enlgrma.
Fifth Race— Minn Weat, I'renbv
terlan. Mike Stranaa.
Sixth Race OnUfnardc, Ilejjlra,
Latino.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Second race, six furlongs, pur?e — Anzelger
104. Ed Bishop 107. Mayor Graham 109. Ranch
man 107. Unheeder 107. Tangent 112 King
Rose 109. BarUlan 107. Prince Eug«ne 107,
Novelist 112, Plrateer 107 Jake 112.
Third race, mile and twenty yards selling —
Helen Hay 80, Daddy Bender 0O. Kentucky
Muddle 9.1. Lynch 03. Professor Neville 1O4
Mae Miller 0s. The Fiddler 97 Gaaltghter 9°
Venus Vlctrlx 93. Murmer 01.
Fotirth race, six furlongs, purse — Enigma
102. Check Morgan 107. Athena 102 Forehand
105. Wigwam 105. Jehane 107., Fenian 105.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Algareta 103. Wild Katie 100 Reducer 111,
Mike Strauas 110 Miss West 102 Presbyterian
110. Clales 111. Fickle Saint 100 The Buffoon
111, Lord Neville 114, Una Price 109 Weird
111. Jerry Hunt 111.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Eugenia S 07. Heglra 90. Lasso- 100, Ida Pen
ian 9 102. Vlrgie d'Or 104. Dawson 1OO I Know
106. Canyon 08. Lunar 107. Oudenarde 101.
Weather clear; track fast.
First rac*>. five furlongs, selling — Tokalon
110. Sue W lOT.. Ophelia Martin 107 Sex
tette 105. Anna Hardy 110, Iteglna D 110, Pink
H 10S. ' ¦"
DELMAR EXTIUES.
ST. LOUIS. July 7.— Delmar entries for
Wednesday are:
San Francisco— I Sacramento —
AB. R. II. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.s.. 4 111 3 Hilbrd.lf 4 © 1 « O
M.any.rf :{ O 2 3 O Doyle.cf 5 0 13*
Irwtn.3b 3 O 0 O l'MLgn.rf 4 1 O 2 ft
Leahy.c. 3 0 12 2 Twnsd.lb 2 1 O 11 0
Pabst.lb 3 0 0 10 1 Egan.i. 4 12 13
Lynch.lf 4 0 13 0,Casey.21> 4 0,1 5 4
Krug.cf 4 10 5 2 Shehn.Gb 2 2 13 2
Delmfl.2b 4 0 0 3 4 Hosan.e. 2 111!
Herr.p.. 2 2 0 0 2 Pitzgd.p 4 0 2 13
Totals 30 4 6 27 15 Totals 31 6 9 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 1 3 0 O O 1 1 — •;
Base hits 1 O 1 3 O 1 1 1 1 — a
San Francisco ...003 00010 i> — t
Base hits 0 1 2 0 1 0 1 0 0— S
Stolen base— Egan. Errors — Shay (2). Doyls
(2). Krusc. Egan. Leahy. Drlmas, Pabst. Two
base hit — Sheehan. Sacrifice hits — Hogan.
Townseml. First base on errors — San Fran
cifco 3. Sacramento 1. First base, on calle'l
balls — Oft Herr 5. of. Fitzgerald 2. Left on
bases — San Franci.oco 4. Sacramento 5. Struck
out— By Fitzgerald 1. Hit by pitcher — Herr.
Leahy. Double plays — Fitzgerald to Egan to
Townsend; Krug to Pabst; Egan to Ca.«ey to
Townsend. Time of same — 1:30. Umplrt—
O'Connell.
Mike Fisher and his conquering heroe3
did not have a whole lot of trouble in put
ting Uncle's company away In the wood
shed yesterday afternoon on the Oakland
prairie. In every round but a couple they
had the lead by a run at least and when
the finishing tie was at hand they were
there- with victory. 6 to 4.
Uncle had his newest In the form ot
Eddie Hcrr on the firlnff line and the
youngster pitched good enough ball to
win most any game. But the error3
which his followers were good enough t»
make with mon on the bags unnerved the
lad and robbed him of a chance to win
his third straight victory since deserting
the camp of Peter Lohman and his Oak
land Cripples.
The home team did not work in Its us
ual good form. Every man in the crowd
seemed to be suffering from an attack of
dope. They fielded like a bunch of rubes.
They could not hit the ball if it loomed
up as big as an airehip, and on the bases
they suffered from tangling of the feet.
In fact, the Senators played rings all
around them throughout the game and
deserved to win. They hit the ball fairly
weil and fielded good enough to get al
most everything that came along. Char
ley Doyle, out in center garden, was tha
only man who was out of form. He drop
ped two flies, both from the bat of Herr,
and each time the runner scored. The
score:
SIXTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
14 to. 5— Pierce J, 110 (Troxlor) 5 2 114
5 to 1— B. Vail. 105 (H. Booker). 4 1 2 V,
7 to 1 — Chandoo, 110 (Bell) « 3 3 ni
Time, 1:57>4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, H. Robinson's ch. c. by Prince Mon
aco-La Farondelle. Leonid 107. Judge Can
trell 92, The Fiddler 97. Irving Mayor 97.
Goo Goo 05, King's Pet 107, Hookseoka 90.
First One 95, Require 95, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
5 to 2 — Helen Print. 100 (Smith). 4 112
10 to 1 — Orpheum. 84 (Brldwell).. . 5 2 2m
7 to 2 — Josie F, 99 (C. Bonner).. 3 4 3 lVf,
Time, 1:42}4- Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. F. Daniels & Co.> b. f. by Arjryle-
Mannetta. Handsplnner M, Dotty Shut* 03,
Charles Ramsey 101, Buccleuth 101', also ran.
Time, 1:46ft. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. Mulkey & Co.'s ch. g. by Dochart-
Golden Slipper. Light Opera 09, Alark 102,
al*o ran.
FOURTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
4 to 5 — Bas d"Or. 00 <Calvltt) 4 1 1 n
7 to 2 — Eda Rlley. 100 (Hlggins). . 1 4 2 12
4 to 1 — Bengal. 102 (F. Smith) 2 3 3h
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
30 to 1— Huckleberry Finn, 103
(Louden) : 3 1 15
5 to 1— Brilliants, 112 (H. Booker) 2 3 2 h
6 to 1 — Check Morgan. 100 (Bell). 16 38
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Forsythe Bros.' b. c. by Handsel-Betty
Prather. Hugh McOowan 1<W. Foxy Grandpa
112. Bell the Cat 112. Tom Kiley IOC, Don Al
varo 103, Scalper 109. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furrcngs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Poseur. 103 (D. Auntini... 2 111
8 to 1— Mon. Peeress. 100 (Shea).. 3 2 2 Hi
8 to 1— Joe Goss, 111 (E. Austin).. 7 S 31<j
Time, I:15«i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner,' E. S. Gardner's ch. f. by Loynllst-
Panitence. Castus 07. Dolly Hayman VKi, Duel
la 08, Northern Spy 110. Jean Backman 04,
Mint Leaf 08. In Doubt 04. Jolly Ho 107. Her
odiade 103, also ran.
FIRST RACE— Five furloiie*: selling:
Betting. Horse, "\\>l E ht. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 5— Ooyrohe. 1OJ (Troxier) 5 1 1
5 to 1 — Comora. 03 (Gullett) B 3 2 *s
6 to 1— Benton. 104 fHigRins) 2 2 S 'j
Timp, 1:04. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Hall Bros." b. c. by Dr. Macbride-Ocy
pete. Rhyme and Reason 10«. Tiomaine 101.
Shortstop 00. Allegretti 98. Faster Walter 9-'l.
Mengis 03, Llvy 06, Kllla Moel 05, Hoedown
80, alro ran.
ST. LOUIS.- July 7.— Huckleberry Finn
was the only outsider to win at Delmar
Park to-day. He opened at 20 to 1 in the
betting, receded to CO, received consider
able backing and closed at SO.to 1. When
the barrier was lifted Finn jumped into
the lead and was never headed, winning
as he pleased. Favorites won all of the
other laces. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast Leaeue.) .
W.I»P*ct.i W.L.P\-t.
Lns Angeles. .50 29 .«5» Oakland 4O 55 .421
Sacramento .5.J SI .009 Seattle 31 31 ..5.H
San Fran ...M 40 .560 Portland 28 51 ..^\
Public Choice3 Capture the
Other Events on the
Card.
Herr Starts Off Well but
Numerous Errors Un
nerve Him.
Huckleberry Finn the
:*Day's Surprise at
Delmar.
Uncle's Men Make Poor
Showing Against
Sacramento.
WINNER'S PRICE
SIXTY TO ONE
SENATORS QUIT
TWO RUNS AHEAD
CALIFORNIA-BRED COLT A SPECTACULAR WINNER OF THE RICH REALIZATION STAKES
Teacher in Danger^ of Lynching.
SWEETZER, Irid., July 7.— U. S. Wil
liams, a school teacher, last night at
tempted to assault one of his pupils, a girl
named Beach, 12 years old. - When the girl
told her mother, a crowd collected and
early to-dav. went to, the home of Wil
liams, threatening violence, but the Sher
iff spirited Williams away and rushed him
off to . Marion. Williams was removed
from Marion to-day because trouble was
feared if he remained there to-nl*ht. It
is not known where the prisoner Is con
cealed.
southern ; champion, has charge of the
tennis tournament. Rowing and swim
ming races will also take an Important
place ' on the programme of sports, and
some first-class entries have been made.
; It is expected that the coming tourna
ment .will be one of the most extensive
ever,' held "on the coast, and hosts of
people who are not going to take an active
part in any ., of the events are coming to
Santa; Barbara during the . two weeks.
Many social functions are scheduled, and
every one is looking ' forward to • a good
time.
NEW YORK, July 7.— A Sandy Hook
calm- familiar to cup racers prevented
more than a brief trial of the two Sham
rocks to-day, but an hour's wind work
In a very light wind afforded the new cup
hunter an opportunity to demonstrate her
wonderful drifting qualities. The boats
started with the Shamrock I 100 yards tq
windward of the challenger. -Pointing
higher and footing faster, the new boat
worked out to windward of the old one
and forty-five minutes after the start was
an eighth of a mile to windward of her.
Then the wind died away to a calm and
at 3:10 the trial was abandoned.
Sandy Hook Calm Prevents a Good
Show of Speed.
SHAMROCKS ON TRIAL.
In conjunction with the. tournament the
Santa Barbara Country/ Club is holding
an invitation golf tournament, which
promises to attract the best golfers In the
south as well as many of. the northern
players. . . :
Three afternoons are- to. be _ devoted to
racing, and such men as F. J. Carolan
and Charles Clark of Burlingame, R. U.
Bettner. H,,Praed, W. E.-Pedley.and M.
E. Flowers of Riverside, ' and ' many other
prominent horsemen - have . entered , fast
ones/ The gentlemen's driving races will
be a special feature and. In these Captains
Goodall,. Batchelder = arid T Barneson have
made entries.
.The tennis tournament is to be held on
the courts of the Potter Hotel," which are
being, entirely made over and '¦¦ improved
for the event. Lou Freeman, the
Yachting promises to be one of the prin
cipal features of the two weeks, and
throughout the entire period races will
be brought off. The Santa Barbara chan
nel Is an ideal bit of water for racing,
and at this time of the year the winds
are good. Many of the yacht clubs along
the coast have signified their intention of
taking part In the regatta.
From San Francisco Douglass White in
the Aggie, and P. H. McCarthy in the
Rumona have positively decided to make
the cruise to Santa Barbara and probably
several others will also come. The South
Coast Yacht Club will send quite a fleet
to Santa Barbara.^ Jack Jenkins in the
schooner yacht Nautilus, Clement Helber
in the Myth, the' Rice brothers in the
Edna, J. T. Pugh in tne Katrlna, Her
bert ; Pease in the Venus ¦ and : Eugene
Overman and Lou Freeman in the Ariel,
will all come to Santa Barbara, bringing
a number of friends with them. -The fleet
will leave San Pedro on Friday, July 10.
The race programme includes races' for
power launches, schooners, thirty-footers,
twenty-five footers , and many other
classes, all the races being handicap.-; ,
Among .those who will; take prominent
parts are W. L. Newton, L. W. Reding
ton and Francis W. Wilson.
Practically every form of sport will
have a place on the programme and it Is
expected that the best men on the coast
along different lines of sport will take
part. The entire tournament is under the
direction of an executive committee com
posed of prominent citizens, and the
various detail work has been allotted to
local sportsmen who are thoroughly
familiar with the methods of conducting
sporting events. 'Yachting, polo, racing,
tennis, golf, rowing and swimming are
among the sports which will be held dur
ing the tournament, handsome prizes and
cups being offered In all these events. A
pleasant feature of the tournament will
be its strictly amateur character, profes
sionals not even being allowed in the rac
ing.
this. month will be an unqualified
success is now conceded by all, the hearty
response from amateur sportsmen in all
parts of the State and the many entries
for all events having assured the high
class of the contests.
SANTA BARBARA, July 7.— That
the midsummer tournament of
• ports' to be held in Santa Bar
bara from the 13th to the 25th of
Special Dispatch to The Call
The members of the Lurllne Swimming
Club held their regular weekly game of
water polo last night " at the Lurline
Baths. The spectators were well enter
tained by a contest , that took place be
tween teams of married and unmarried
men. The latter worked hard, but could
not score a single goal, while, to the sur
prise of every one, the married men rolled
up 5. The winners were W. Pomin cap
tain, G. Dawson, W. P. Stockton, J. A.
Jackson,. T. Bacon, E. Dawson and H.
Heinz. The losing team consisted of \V.
Harris captain, J. A. Geddes. G. Bray,
A; D. Schmidt, A. Heinz, T. Harris and
W. Bacon. *^ ::^ ; L -1:j; :
Benedicts Signally Defeat the Un
married Men, the Score
Being 5 to 0.
EXCITING POLO GAME
AT LUBXINE BATHS
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 7.-The ttve
mlle tandem lap race for professionals
was the feature at the Salt Palace bicycle
races to-night. It was won by the Cali
fornians, Hofman and Downing, in an ex
citing finish. Three thousand people wit
nessed the races. Summary:
One mile, amateur— C. Llmborgr, San Francis
co (scratch), won; Burton Downing. San Jose
(scratch), second; J. E. Redmon, Salt Lake,
(tX) yards), third. Time, 1 :59.
Or.e mile, handicap, professional— J. M. Chap
man, Atlanta (55 yards), won; F. Hofman. 1ms
Angeles (scratch), second; iF. C. Turvllle, Phil
adelphia (110 yards), third. Time. 1:64.
Australian pursuit amateur — Burton Down-
Ing. San Jose, won* In 21 laps; Emlle Agraz.
San Francisco, second; S. A. El Is wood third.
Time, 6:58.
Five mile tandem lap race, professional —
Hofman and Downing of California won. Hop
per and Samuelfon second, Iturrl* and Staver
third. Time. 10:0&
Hofznan and Downing Defeat Other
Professional Teams at the Salt
• • ; Palace Bicycle Contest.
FIVE-Mmi TANDEM RACE
IS WON BY CALIFORNIANS
WASHINGTON, July 7.— Harlan W. Brush
of New York has been appointed United States
Consul at Milan, Italy, exchanging places. with
William Jarvls of New Hampshire, - at present
Consul at Milan, who has been appointed Con
sul at Niagara Falls, r '¦
First Race — Rank, Juvenal
Mnxim. .IiimeK V.
Second Itnce Tip Gallant, Lava
tor, JndK-e Phillip*.
Third Race— Syrlln, Belle of Troy.
Iri«h Jewel.
Fourth Itnoe—Afrlpnnder, Injunc
tion. Francenco. J -'l»yiitH.iii
Fifth. Race Voting; Henry, Inter
val. Kins; Pepper.
Sixth Race — - The Southerner.
Moiindnock, Sacredn*.
BRIGHTON DEAC1I SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Fifth race, six furlongs — Our Nugget 100,
Eva Supell 107. Roue 110 Charles W. Meyer
110. Mart Mullen 102. Faranlass 113 Young
Henry 122. Wyefleld 104. Peninsula 118 Royal
125 Forward 101. Mabel Richardson 103 Slt
dell 108. Plttacus »4. Osgood 1)7. If You Dare
105 King Pepper 117. Earl of Warwick 112,
Interval 102. Ryrlln 105.
Sixth race. Jive and a half furlongs — Meno
tnore 110 Creole Jim. 110. Loacoon 110 Saia
110. War Times 107. Ormondes Right 110. Es
cobar 109. Boundbrook 110, Briarthorp 107,
Monadnock 110. Great Crossing 107. The South,
erner 110. De Russey . 107. Falernlan 110 8a
credus 107, Pol Roger 110, Redman '.107,
Gendarme 110.
Weather clear; track fast.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Past
M. Sentry 110. Early Eve 1)8. Dark Planet B0.
Baikt-1 1)S. Belle of Troy 108. Carroll D »*,
Homestead 111, Tribes Hill 105, Syrlln 100,
Highlander lib. Irish Jewel 104, Agnes D 110.
Fourth race. Brighton Beach handicap, one
and a quarter miles — Colonel Bill 121. Fran
cesco 112. River Pirate 105. Daly 85. African
tier 112 Blues 123. Igniter 111. Water Boy
124. Injunction 94. Articulate 11», Roehamp
ton 107. Oom Paul 105. Herbert 118 Hunter
Ralne 1)2. Glenwater 108
Second race, full course steeplechase — Tip
Gallant 104, Eophone 15(5. Lavator 154 Rising
Sun 153 Plohn iftO, Mystic Shrlner 142, Arius
14<i. Judge Phillips 14.J. Yelp 140, Hops 140,
Manilian 130. May Harrison l.'JO.
NEW YORK. July 7.— Brighton Beach en
trie* for Wednesday are:
First race, five furlongs— Juvenal Maxim
302. Collector Jnuup 112, James V 112. Hope
ful MIbs 109. Bath Beach 112. Graziallo 112.
Kusk 112. Montana Kln*r 112 Vagary 109 Tim
Payne Iu2. Rain or Shine 102. Semitic 112.
Montreason 112. Divination 109, Gold Saint
1*2. Mod red 102.
UHIGIITON DEACII KNTIIIKS.
Time, 1:47. Start poor. Won cleverly.
Winner, W. C. de B. lx)pes's br. h. by St.
Andmr-Ctter. Operator lOh, Satire 107. Ix»rd
Badxe 1)8. Daly Hx>. I.anreniun 100, leader 114,
also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Handicap; three-year-olds
and upward; one and a sixteenth miles.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Sf. % Fin.
4 to 1— Articulate. 122 (Larson).. 0 2 12
4 to 1— Mackty Dwyer, 1H> (BrnJi) 4 3 2 2
7 to 1— Dr. Saylor. 110 (O'Neill).. 7 5.31
Time. 1:40. Start bad. Won ridden out.
Winner, C. Oxx's b. f. by Ben Strome-Adora.
Sambo 112. Klngralne 110. Nevermore 100.
• "oruscate !'S. Flara 100. DueliM 1«:J. Paul Clif
ford 102. Cottage Maid IK», Prince of Endurance
!Ct. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; three-year-olds and
upward; one mile.
Betting. Horce. Weight. Jockey. Ht. »; Fin.
40 to 1— Ascension. 101 <Smlth»on) ft 2 1 3
4 to 1 — J'.-llari..-. 1U<; <Mlchaels). « 4 2 h
5 to I— Akela, 1U2 (O'Neill) 2 1 3 h
Cardinal Woolsey 113 (Gannon>, also ran
1'lrnl Hare — I'oicnuiuen, Acele
l.ftvlM. Itulpli Vouiik.
Kerond Itaor I'adlng I.IkIk. Lhiu
l>«x>n. llnuiiiiu ('mm.
Third liner Flo Hub, I'rlnrr 811.
ver« IiiK'». Auditor.
I'oiirlh liner Aladdin, WitNtilft,
Mlratt*.
FIftb Hare — Tfiali. An Hevolr.
Hoodwink.
Ms til Knee C. II. i H 111 pltt-II, I,ord
Tuucliitoiiil, Alee.
<Hy the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Weather Hear; track fa*t.
WASHINGTON I'AKK SEM2CTIONS.
Sixth race mile and seventy yards. Felling —
Alee 104 C. B. Campbell 104. Lou Woods 102,
Pirate 100. Hindi H4, Kllmorie 94. I.ord Touch
wood f>4.
Fifth race, one mile — Macy 112 Nitrate 10ft.
Beau Ormonde lOtt. Toah 10»t. Au R«voir 105.
Evening Star 102. Paul Whaley 1U2. Hoodwink
its. Bondage JM.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Waswift 110. Aladdin 110 Nitrate 110,
Mragg 107. H»-nry Bert lCKi. The Giver 102,
Federal 1OO. E«herin H2. Sioux Chlff SO
Third race, five furlonr* Maywood stake —
Katts 121 Ed Tierney 121. Fred Leppert 121.
l>on*dale 121. Prince Sllverwlnfjs 121, Soldier
of Fortune US. Commodore 11s Auditor U.S.
Sanctum 118, Don Donio 115. Silk Maid 115.
Flu Bob 11.1 Koncasta 113, P»-ter J Somers
115. Gayosta in
CHICAGO. July 7.— Washington Park en
tries for to-morrow are :
Flrpt race, five and a half furlongs. Felling —
Mainland 107. Cognomen 10U, Listaway 1C5.
Tom Manklns 104 Kalph Young 103 Banwell
1(«. Agjfle Lewis 1C0.
Second race, mile a'nd seventy yards - selling
— El Ghor 109. Hot 107. Fadlntc Ugrht 97.
I-Jimpoon !»3. Kentucky Cardinal 92. Double O
S». Hanana Cream k~.
WASHINGTON PARK KNTRIES.
Time. 2:45 1-8. fiurt fair. Won drivlnc
Winner. Hunr-ton stable's b. c, by filar Ruby-
Afric Queen. Whorler 120 (Odom). Short Hose.
12«: (Haack). Black Huscar 110 <H. Michaels),
FOURTH RACE — Lawrence Realization
three-year-old*; on* and flre-e»ghth« rnilen.
Bmtnir. 11 one. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
:t 10 1— Africander. 12U- (Bullmn) .:i 4 1 h
ft to 1— <Jol<3en Maxim. I2H (Cchrn) 5 12 2
4 to 1— Pavable. 126 (O'Neill).... 4 3 3 4
THIRD RACE— The Double event; two-year
«.ld«: »lx furlor.g«.
nettim;. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin
9 to 5— Conjurer, 114 (Odom) 4 1 1 h"
11 to 5— Gallant. 122 (Bullman)... 3 2 •» .1
11 to 5— PuIfus. 129 (O'Neill) 13 35
Time, 1:11. St*rt good. Won driving. Win
ner. S. 6. Brown's b. c. by Sir Dixon-Con-
Jecture. Boxwood 122, Tellow Hammer in
al*o ran.
SECOND RACE— Handicap; all lee! - 8 i x
furlonjrs. '
Betting. Horse, Weijrtit. Jockey. Ft. *i Fin
J« to 5— Iaix Casta. 120 <Odom>... 3 it 1 h'
2 to 1 — KiRodon, 116 (Gannon)... 5 5 •» h
15 to 1— Illyrla. 90 (Creamer) 2 l 3 •»
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start bad. Won driving
Winner, Albemarle Ftable'a b. f. by Donovan
ljuca.?ta. Jncrold 102. 6t. Daniel 105. Lady
I -mac 107. Dekaber 104. J. A. Scott 102 Turn
fiike S7, aleo ran.
The fractional time of the race was:
Quarter. 0:24; half. 0:47 3-5; three-quarters,
J:13; seven-eighths, l;261-3; mile. 1:39;
mile and an eighth. 1:513-3 (record); mile
and a quarter, 2:05; mile and a half,
2:21 3-5 Ca record), and the mile and five
?-fghths, 2:43 1-3. Thirty thousand persons
saw the race. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Selling; "two-year-olds- five
nnd a half furlones.
Hotting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, gt. K Fin
« to 1— Hath Beach. 112 (Odom). 3 1 l •»'
8 to 1— Wotan. 107 (Haack) 0 « 2 3
4 to 1— Waltcrin. OS <\V. Fincher) 2 3 3 2
1 imc, ] :OU. Start poor. Won drlvlnjr. Win
ner. H. F. Meyer> ch. c. by Ben fitrome
jryana. The Heather 109. Sandhurst 112 Sir
Walt 102, Berona. IK!. Ancestor 107. Can' and
Oown K*. lixtralaw 107. Tithonlc 106, Koyal
ton K9. Kingsland 108, Eleatva »5, Ixjrillard «7
alfo ran. *
RECORD TIME IS MADE.
J. B. Haggin bred and nominated Afri
cander. Golden Maxim and Savable and
receives $900. J. J. McLaughlin. trainer
of Golden Maxim, gets $250, while J. P.
Kramer, his owner, gets $2673, and John
A. Drake, for Savable's third, receives
$1340. Enoch WIshard, trainer of the third
horse, gets $100.
Charles Dwyer and Simon Deimol. rac
ing as the Hampton stable, own African
der, whose victories in the Belmont stake*
and the Suburban have made his turf
history well known. Theif share of the
stakes was $15,435. B. Miller, trainer of
Africander, gets $300.
The roar that greeted Africander's final
burst arose to a tornado of cheers as he
won. Bullman came in for tremendous
anu well earned applause when he weigh
ed out.
It was only fifty feet to the wire,
but the splendid colt raced doggedly on,
made vp a length and then, just as the
wire wap reached, showed his head in
front.
Cut off at the turn. Africander had lost
a length and now. with the goal less than
300 yards away, he was pocketed agalnxt
the fence by E3vable. with Golden Maxim
in front of him. Bullman kept his head
and waited for what seemed the Impossi
ble. Savable faltered and left six feet
rlp-ar and In an instant Africander had
turned out of his stride and was going
around Golden Maxim and gaining on him
at every jump.
CUT OFF AND POCKETED.
ICEW YORK. July 7.— Capping a climax
of victories unprecedented in the history
of the- American turf, Africander proved
himself to-day the greatest three-year
old thoroughbred of his generation. He
has surpassed the triumphs of Hanover
and Hermls, beaten the best handicap
horses and stamped his superiority
among his contemporaries in decisive
Ftyle. He won the Lawrence Realization
stakes at one and five-eiffhths miles at
Shecpshead Bay after a battle with prob
ably the best collection of three-year-olds
that has ever struggled for that classic
prize. He overcame speed, courage and
endurance In his adversaries, and, in
epite of misfortune after misfortune in
his own battle for the front, sprang to
the lead in the very last stride, after
radr.ff at a speed that broke two records
before the winning post was reached and
pet a new mark for future Realization
winners.
Africander won by a head from Golden
Maxim, which was two lengths in front
of Savable. Whorler followed four
lengths back: Short Hose was fifth, a
lrnpth and a half away and twelve
Jrngths in front of Black Hussar. Cardi
nal Woolsey was a sixteenth of a mile
behind the winner.
The time was 2:43 1-3. faster by 2 2-5
Wconds! than the record made by Major
Daingerfleld last year.
Africander was second choice at 3 to
1 In the betting. Short Hose, backed
from 4 to 1 to 5 to 2. was favorite.
GOLDEN MAXIM SETS PACK
To a very prompt start Cardinal Wool
!=ey, with Gannon up. was Quickest away,
but immediately went back and Golden
.Maxim, ridden by Coehran, took the lead
as the field swept down the Futurity
chute. Whorley, Odom up, carried Whit
ney & Duryea's colors close behind and
the Fellow and blue of John A. Drake
thowed Savable In third place.
They seemed to be going easily, but
the pace throughout the race was terri
fic. Africander was fifth passing the
*tand, but moved up on the turn into
the back stretch and ran to the stretch
closed lapped on Savable, who was third.
Odnm made his run with Whorler near
ing the far turn, but Golden Maxim
rated along, always holding the Brook
lyn Derby winner safe. Fhort Hose, the
favorite, victor in the historic Withers,
could never pet up to the leader?.
Despite the killing pace he had pet
throughout Golden Maxim wan turned
ir.to the stretch Ftill going easily and a
length ahead of Savable on the rail,
lapped by Africander. Golden Maxim
went wide and O'Neil tried to take Sava
b!p through, but the leader closed in
sharply and cut him off. O'Neil pulled
to the outFide and made his bid. Sava
ble responded with a splendid bum of
ppood and looked a winner for a moment.
Then Golden Maxim drew away.
Special Diepatch to Th« Call.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and 60 yards; sell
ing.
Betting. Hotse. Weight. Jockey. St. 3i Fin.
:j to i— Haviland. »«J ill. Phillips) 2 3 11
12 to 1— Antor.ius. Utt (Otis) «i 4 23
2 to 1 — Oreina, 92 (Tt»anor) 1 1 3 '4
Time, 1:41 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Fred Cook> br. g. by Lettoon-Anvo
lee. The Kfntuckian !>8. Louisville 03, Silk
Cord Hd) and Kva'a Darling J*2 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Hora?. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Flo Bob, 100 (Wonderly).. 6 (i 12
4 to 5— Peter Paul. 108 (Adktnt).. 1 1 2 1^
11 to 5— Kng. Lad, 111 (Domir.lck) 8 0 3 4
Time. 1:12 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, M. H. Tiohener & Co.'s b. c. by Flo
rist or Bob Mile«-Gold Bird. Commodore 111.
Wltchciaft 108. Triumvir 10G, Allista 108 and
El Corteza 107 aleo ran.
Time. 1 :43 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. James Curl> ch. g. by Miracle-Anna
L. Harry 85, Barrica 93. Jena 0.1. Alma Girl
97. Pineal 104, Lady Chorister 08 and Marcos
101 also ran.
FOT'RTH RACE — One mile and 50 yards;
selling.
J>ttin,r. Hera*. Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin.
12 to 0— Hired* II. 98 (Knapp)... 6 3 13
12 to 1— L. D'ich's II. ».} (Booker). 3 2 2 nk
8 to 1— Vulcaln. 103 (Ezell) ;. 8 5 3 n
THIRD RACE — One mile; Drexel stakes.
Betting. Hone. "W night. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
1 to ."— D.iek VWllee. 110 «KnighO. 4 1 1 2( 5
7 to 2— Had News. Ill (B. Davis) 3 2 2 1
13 to 1— McGee, 105 (Her.ry; 2 » 3 6
Time, 1:38. Start eood. Won in a romp.
Winner. J. It. Re*paes' b c. by King Eric-
Teas Over. McGowtn 105 also ran.
SECOND RACE: — Six furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. $i Fin.
6 to 1— Talpa. 07 (Adkine) 5 4 1 «i
3 to 5—1. I.tndfsey, 1W> (Henry)... 4 3 2 4
9 to 6 — BardoUh, 03 (8. Bonn*r). 3 2 3 2
Time. 1:12 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Kalbot Bro*.' b. f. by The Commoner-
Catalpa. Warte Xlcht 103, Alirance ttO, Erema
«9, Anna Beall 8S and Never Fret 101 also ran.
CHICAGO. July 7.— Dick Welles won the
Drexel stakes at Washington Park to
day In the fast time of 1:3S without an
effort. Welles was never in trouble and
won in a common romp. If driven out
he certainly would have beaten the
world's record for a mile.'
Haviland broke the world's record for
a mile and fifty yards, making the dis
tance in 1:411-5. Three of the winners
were favorites. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: purM.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— M. McCefferty. 9%(\Vilson) 3 1 1 nk
8 to S — Organdie, 102 (Tree nor).. 1 6 2 1V4
10 to 1— S. Vlvum, lit) (Wonderly). 4 2 3 n
Time, 1:13 3-."». Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth'* b. f. by Seneation-
Fleve. Floral Wreath 95, Mary Glenn 110.
Belle Mahone 102. Byways 10C, Christina A 08,
Jet 97 and Gypzene 98 also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Haviland Lowers a World's
Record at Washing
ton Park.
Covers a Mile in 1:38
Without Being
Urged.
Leaders in All Lines of Exhilarating Outdoor Recreation Will Gather at
the Southern California City and Take Part in One of the Most
Notable Series of Amateur Competitions Ever Held in the State
SANTA BARBARA COMPLETES PLANS
FOR GALA TOURNAMENT OF SPORTS
REMARKABLE RUN
BY DICK WELLES
AFRICANDER KING
OF 3-YEAR OLDS
Annexes the Classic in
Spite of Much In
terference.
Two Intermediate Records
Broken Before Wire
Is Reached.
, WOODLAND, July 7.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day passed : an ", ordinance by
the provisions of :/whlch';the open season
for doves and deer is-' changed" from the
open season prescribed by the State law.
Quail may be killed during:." November
and December of .'each -year;; doves from
-August 1 to February 1 of the following
year, and deer from July 15 to September
15 of the same year.
Yolo Changes Game Season.
Cincinnati 3 II 3
Boston /..... ....6 8 0
Batteries — Poole and Bergen: Pratt and Mo
ran. . Umpires — Mornn and Holllday.
PittBbUTK 2 7 5
Brooklyn : 5 8 2
Batteries — Doheny and Smith; Jones and Rit
ter. Umpire — Johnstone. .
CINCINNATI, O., July 7.— Boston took the
game from Cincinnati to-day. The. errors of
Donlln and -Seymour In the third inning were
very costly, giving Boston two runs. Poole
pitched : a good game. Attendance, 2500.
the St. Louisiana won from the New York* by
a score of ¦* to 3. The finish was very clos*
and exciting, but the St. Louis team by fast
playing kept the. visitors from scoring. Attend
unce, 12W. Score:
Ti IT 1*
New York'.'!!!!!!!.".'!.'!!!!!!"'.!! 3 » 2
Batteries — Currie and Ryan; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire — Kmslie.
CHICAGO. July 7. — The visitors hit Wicker
at the right time In four, innings and with a
little good base running won easily. Duggleby
kept the locals guessing except in the sixth In
ning. Attendance, 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago.... 3. 8 2
Philadelphia 0 12 3
Batteries — Wicker and Kllng; Duggleby and
Roth. Umpire — O'Day.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 7. — Pittsburg's errors
were costly and inability to hit Jones made
their defeat easy. Doheny pitched winning;
ball, but the handicap was great. , Attendance,
3030. Score: j *
n. H. E.
Tl H F 1
Uoston 2 13 1
St. Louis 3 9 2
Batteries — Gibson and Criger; Evans, Sud
hoff and Kahoe.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BT. IXUTIS, July 7. — In u hard-fought game
Philadelphia' 1 9 *- .7
Batteries — Donovan and McOuIre; Coakley,
Henley. Plank and Schreck.
BOSTON, July 7. — St. I^ouls' losing streak
terminated to-day with a ninth-Inning batting
rally, after two were out, which beat the hom>
team. A pretty catch and throw home retired
Boston with the bases full in their half. The
fielding was brilliant. Attendance 4320. Hcore:
PHILADELPHIA, July 7. — A combination
of hits and errors In the first three innings
caused the locals' defeat to-day by Detroit. At
tendance 4873. Score:
UMPIRE SHERIDAN GOES
TO JAIL AT NEW YORK
Engages in a Fight With One of the
Players and Is Arrested for [
Disturbing the Peace.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, July 7. — In & game full of
stirring Incidents and prolonged beyond the
usual nine Innings, Chicago teat New York
to-day. The game had progressed peacefully
until the seventh, when Or -en made a kick
on deriding him out at flirt base. Green was
ordered from the game and while on the bench
nald something to which the umpire took ex
ception. Sheridan walked over and Green met
him half way. A mlxup followed, in which
Green's head was cut by Pheridan"» mask and
the umpire's face was bruised. Police, players
and spectators prevented further hostilities,
and fiherldan was marched off to the police
station. CJreen refused to make a charge and
Sheridan wa» released on bnll to answer to a
charge of disturbing the jxace. Attendance
_.M0. The score:
Chicago 3 l» j
New York * 8 *
Batteries — White and McFarland: J. Tanne
hiU and O'Connor.
WASHINGTON, July 7. — Cleveland did the
heavier stlckwork to-day, but was unable to
hit the ball fair with men on bases. Lajole
has been notified of his Kuspenslon for an In
definite period. Attendance 1102. Score:
K. II. E.
Washington » '<> I
Cleveland.. 2 II .I
Batteries— Orth and Klttredge; Dorner and
Bemis.
THE SAN FRA lv CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In the early days of Blatm brewing the hel*ht of b«er perfecUon was
aimed at and achieved. To maintain this .tandard-to brew that self-same
wm T ery », et . ail f F om MlectI ©n of hops and barley to th© fllllnx of th« '
h?me * 8clen «- At Club or <**• or VllJn*. ta BottfA to tt. !
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE Jt Non-Intoxicant-ror Tonic Purposes.
¦ druggists.
BRAtJNSeHWEIQER & CO., Inc.
m J^ll^I!lllIhll2lL aiiClsZ9 - Telephone Main J646. Wbote»al« DealersOAKLAND GIRL WHO SAILED
FOR AUSTRALIA WITH THE
STINES-EVANS COMPANY.
HAVRE. Mont., July 7. — A freight wreck
caused by a defective rail occurred early to-day
Just this side of SI Id vale, on the Great North
ern Railroad. Forty- seven box cars are In the
ditch, twenty of which were entirely demol
ished. Four tramps were killed.
OAKLAND, July Is- Suit was instituted
to-day by George N. Williams, James P.
Sweeney and R. R. BIgelow, as creditors
of Colonel P. A. Finlgan, the Berkeley
capitalist, against M. F. Cochrane. aa as
signee of Finigan's estate, to quiet title
to a piece of property situated at Ells
worth and Haste streets in Berkeley. The
suit is tho outgrowth of the old troubles
Finlgan had with General R. H. Warfleld
over a summer's board bill Finigan's
daughters ran up while Warfleld was pro
prietor of Hotel Rafael.
After Tinigan's Property.
OAKLAND, July 7.— Ida Hebert was giv
en a decree of divorce from A. J. Hebert
on • the ground of willful desertion by
Judge Melvln to-day. She was awarded
the custody of the child and allowed *2C
a month alimony. Eugene Estes insti
tuted divorce proceedings to-day against
Ann Estes. He alleges desertion as cause
of action. They were married in 1S93.
Sever Marital Bonds.
The sun shone brightly and though
there was still some wind it had consid
erably lessened in strength since the
morning. The Philadelphian's opponent
had the shelter of the Buckinghamshire
bushes and undoubtedly gained some ad
vantage from this position, but the Eng
lishman was good enough to have won
from any position, for he led from the
first stroke and Juvenal never caught
him. The visitor only sculled thirty-two
in the first minute, to Beresford's thirty
four, and was two lengths behind at the
farm. There he moved in a little nearer
to the bushes, but made no impression on
the leader, who was several lengths to
the good when Fawley boathouse was
passed, in four minutes and twenty-six
seconds. After this the Phlladelphlan
was beaten and could evidently do no
more and Beresford eased up and won
by a length and three-quarters. Time, 9
minutes 29 seconds.
, Juvenal sculled down to the start in a
white sleeved jersey wyh the big "V" of
the Vesper Boat Club on his chest. Mrs.
Juvenal was given a seat In the umpire's
launch, the Hibernia, and the American
flag which she carried was draped with
her husband's colors.
HENLEY, England, July 7.— The at
tendance at the opening of the, annual re
gatta here to-day was marked by smaller
¦crowds' than usual. The weather was
threatening and a strong wind was blow-
Ing. The only race of special Interest to
America was the heat of the diamond
sculls.
Eases Up at the Finish
and Wins by Nearly
Two Lengths.
ENGLISH SCULLER
DEFEATS JUVENAL
The commonwealth, said Donohue. had
been taught a sharp lesson es to the nec
essity for water conservation and irri
gation, which had now become part of a,
recognized federal policy. In this respect,
said Donohue. the federation would ba>
able to do much which the colonies sep
arately could not even attempt.
The matter of municipal ownership of
utilities was discussed and Donohue said
that up to the present the subject of mu
nicipal ownership, or as Australians pre
fer tt> put it. "control of local municipal
services," was only in an academic stage.
But there was an awakening of Interest
in that direction, owing largely, in New
South Wales, to the Initiative of the new
Sydney Town Clerk. Mr. Nesbitt, recently
brought from London to put municipal
matters on a better working basis.
In the matter of New Zealand's social
istic legislation, said Donohue, Aus
tralian public opinion considered it main
ly in the light of an Interesting experi
ment. The majority opinion did not favor
either State or municipal ownership, but
both were planks in the platform of the
Labor party. The heaviest blow that the
influence of the Labor party had received
came from public resistance to the organ
ized attempt in the recent strike in Vlo
toria to paralyze the railway system,
which was. of course, owned by the State
In each colony.
COUNTRY TAUGHT LESSON.
The nuestion of the Pacific was one of
growing importance to the commercial
and trading outlook for Australia, the ed
itor said. Germany also offered an ex
cellent market for Australia's best wool3.
which it could not afford to lose any more
than it could afford to limit the possibil
ities of trade with the United States.
With regard to Sir Edmund's promise
to Mr. Chamberlain to invite an expres
sion of opinion on the subject from Par
liament, Donohue said that Sir Edmund's
promise could not in any event be ful
filled until after the general election.
Donohue said that he had been asked by
a number of Americans whether trado
conditions were not in a bad way owtr.jr
to the seven-year drought. Donohue said
that the drought had broken and the
prospect was more cheerful than for
some years. He said that experience had
emphatically proved that Australia was
a country which recovers itself very rap
idly.
Donohue said New South Wales was
still strongly in favor of free trade and
that George H. Reid and other free trade
leaders had been conducting an active
campaign among the electors In all the
States. If Reid was returned to power,
in which event he would, of course, oust
the Barton high tariff ministry, he prom
ised a tariff Imposing duties for revenue
only.
Donohue then referred to the Right Hon.
Joseph Chamberlain's preferential dutiea
proposal between England and tho de
pendencies.
The decision, said Donohue, as to tho
Commonwealth's action would be largely
guided by the Issue of the electoral con
test between Sir Edmund Barton and Mr.
Reid. The adoption, however, of Mr.
Chamberlain's proposal was surrounded
by peculiar difficulties in Australia. Both
parties felt that Australia's prospect of
commercial expansion, especially in the
far East, would be seriously checked by
the practical closing of these markets by
preferential duties in favor of the mother
country.
Alluding to the political situation in
Australia. Mr. Donohue' said that at the
end of the year there would occur tfi«
first general election after the First Fed
eral Parliament, which would give the
people of the Federated States of Aus
tralia their first opportunity of passing
Judgment on the working of the new Fed
eral Institutions and the manner la
which the first Federal Ministry had
shaped the commonwealth policy.
"The test question," said Donohue. "of
the election would be the Federal tiriff
introduced by Sir Edmund Barton, the
Prime Minister. Before the federation of
the colonies the different States had dif
ferent tariffs and it was expected that
the Federal tariff would be one of com
promise between high protection and free
trade. The Federal Ministers, however,
committed themselves to a high prote
ctive tariff, which was severely dealt
with, both by the House of Representa
tives and the Senate. In its amended
form the new law was subject to ratifi
cation at the general election In Decem
ber next," the distinguished Journalist
said.
In the States where protection existed
the feeling would favor a higher tariff.
CHAMBERLAIN'S PROPOSAL.
"There was a considerable growth of
Interest among the traveling public in
the Pacific routes and a marked Increase
in the number of those who appeared to
prefer to take that way of reaching Eu
rope."
Frank Donohue of the editorial staff of
the Morning Herald, Sydney, New South
Wales, arrived on the Sonoma on Mon
day. His visit here is partly due to the
increasing interest on the Eastern sea
board of Australia in the development of
trade with American ports. Speaking of
his visit to San Francisco, Mr. Donchu*
said:
Chamberlain's Preferential
Proposals Shrouded in
Uncertainty.
Frank Donohue Speaks
of Issues in Austra
lian Politics.
EDITOR ARRIVES
FROM ANTIPODES
SEATTLE. July 7.— The ¦ naval squadron
under ; command of Admiral Glass and com
posed of the New York. . Bennlngton and Mar
blehead reached the IHiget Sound navy-yard at
Bremerton yeeterday. , ¦ -
" OAKLAND, July J.— The estate left by
the , late John Caperton, who owned
Twitchell ; Island in the San . Joaquin
River, has been appraised at $55,882. He
also had real estate in Alameda and Own
ed 1 1SS7 acres near Pescadero, San Mateo
County. . , .
Owned an Island.
PLATTSBURQH. N. T., July 7— William
O'Connor, better known at "Goat Hlnch," was
electrocuted to-day for th«. murder of Night
Watchman Matthew Wilson at Cobleskill, N.
Y.. In November, 1900.
The Southern Pacific Company secured
an injunction yesterday against O. Ottln
ger; H. R. Duffln, S. Newman, Charles
Conklln and other ticket brokers which
will prevent them from selling, exchang
ing or bartering tickets to be used on its
HneB. ;• The V injunction - was sighed by
Judge iMurasky. .- The railroad company
has , filed | suit ' against | the ticket brokers.
This is one of many similar suits brought
by the : company during the last few
years. - . . _ i _
Ticket Brokers Enjoined.
LEXINGTON, Ky., July 7.— A man has
been found daring enough to accept the
office of .town marshal of Jackson, Ky.
Since the murder of Jim Cockrell, last
June, the place has been without a town
marshal. Although several men were ap
pointed to the position they- resigned, as
several officers met death 'in the. dis
charge of their duties. Among these
were John Centers, C. C.Runyon and
Alfred Allen, all of whom were mur
dered. The new marshal appointed to
day is Joseph Newland.
ACCEPTS THE OFFICE
AND ATTENDANT RISK
OAKLAND, July 7.— Action on the pro
tests of the Federated Trades and the
Electrical Workers' Union against giving
police protection to telephone company
employes during the strike has been de
ferred until Friday by the Police and
Fire , Commissioners. At a special meet
ing of the board, the striking linemen
failed to send a representative and for
that reason a decision' was not reached.
Defer Act' • a as to Police Guard.
LOS ANGELES. July 7.— L. R. Garrett,
president of the Los Angeles Club of the
Pacific National League, has resigned his
position and disposed of his interests in
the stock of the local club. Greeley W.
Bentley has been elected to fill the vacan
cy caused by. President Garret's retire
ment. It Is understood that Garretfs res
ignation was caused by his disapproval of
the recent decision of the league mana
gers to play the Los Angeles Club in the
north for another series.
Baseball Official Resigns.
OAKLAND, July 7.— John Edwards and
Joseph Fojada, respectively coachman
and gardener for Oscar Lunlng, the capi
talist, engaged In battle yesterday at the
Lunlng residence, 8855 Telegraph avenue.
As a result Edwards appeared this morn
ing in the Police Court to answer to a
charge of battery, lodged by the gardener.
The coachman demanded a trial Dy, jury,
the case being setfor August 12. Lunlng
has taken neutral ground and says the
men must flght -out their trobules with
out his assistance ;'*<?'",
Luning's Hired Men Quarrel.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 7.— Bishop
J. W. Hood, senior Bishop of the African
Methodist, Episcopal Zion church. In
charge of the First Episcopal District,
embracing New York, New England and
Central North Carolina, Is a guest here.
In discussing the race troubles Bishop
Hood said:
I have great confidence in the ultimate so
lution of the race problem. This Is a large
and serious problem and must necessarily move
slowly.
It is necessary that the races get closer to
gether. The negro must improve and the
white man must help him. The negro in the
South is stubbornly pushing to the front. He
Is buying land, houses, plantations and stock
and is hoarding his earnings for the better
ment of his condition. .
Colored Bishop Confident Race Prob
lem Will Be Solved.
NEGRO MUST IMPROVE.
Army orders: Captain Jay J. Morrow En
gineer Corps, goes to San Francisco to relieve
Captain Robert P. Johnston as secretary and
disbursing officer of the California Debris Com
mission; Captain Johnston is ordered ts Wil
mington,. N. C.
Navy orders: Lieutenant A. H. McCarthy Is
ordered to San Francisco aa an aid to the com
mandant of the Pacific Naval District. Chap
lain J. P. Chadwlck is to be detached from the
New York July 31 and return home to await
orders.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— Postmasters com
missioned: Washington — Susie E. Erickson,
Mora.
WASHINGTON*. July 7.— These patents were
Issued to-day: California — Samuel J. BallarU.
assignor three-fourths to C. W. Brown, Los
Angeles, guard for speech receivers and trans
mitters; William Ballerstedt, Los Angeles,
motor meter or pump; Alden A. Bartlett, Eu
reka, fern or other wood-cutting machine; Ed
gar J. Bryan, assignor one-half to A. W. Mil
ler, Riverside, truck; George Bryant, assignor
one-half to P. H. fiandlln, San Francisco, shoe
fastening; Frank D. Bullard, Los Angeles, pipe
wrench; Stephen H. Chase, San Jose, log or
lumber hauling attachment; John Coates
Hemet. windmill; Jesse M. Coffman. Montalvo,
water distilling apparatus; Ralph B. Hain, as
signor to Auto Vehicle Company, Los Angeles
variable speed and reversing mechanism; Espi
rldlon Hlpollto, assignor to Hipollto Screen
and Sash Company, Los Angeles, screen-
George \V. Holly, assignor one-half to J. K
Parkinson, Palo Alto, door hanger; Jesse j'.
Hyndlng. Ferndale, gate latch; Fred Jones
Loa Angeles, blackboard attachment; Allen r!
Keeser, Los Angeles, mattress-stuffing ma
chine; Duncan R. MacPherson. San Francisco
elevator; George F. Malers. Goleta, walnut
hulling and washing machine; Jesse C. Martin
Jr., San Francisco, flexible pipe Joint; Willis
E. Newton. Oakland, stamp-affixing machine
KeUe Sakural, San Francisco, compound for
abrading tools; Waltham R. Smith, Napa,
camera attachment; John W. Swearlngen, Gas
ton, quicksilver feed for amalgamators; Isaac
Q. Waterman, Santa Barbara, electro mag
net (2).
Oregon — August Gruenwald. Salem, chair.
Washington — Thomas K. Maddux, Goldbar
tackle block. '
Patents Are Issued to the Inventors
of Mechanical and Labor-Sav
ing Devices.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
John A. Manures 24 and Maud Cook 23. both
of San Francleco; John Zlegler 48 and Emily
Powers 42. both of San Francisco; Richard J.
fitephtns 31 and Elanor P. O'Mera 26. both of
Baa Francisco; Edgar L. Hoa« 34. Berkeley,
and Josephine L.. Roller 28. Oakland.
OAKLAND, July ".—The following mar
riage licenses were Issued to-day:
Marriage, Licenses.
Mrs. Levy always clung to the ancient
Jewish faith, retaining not alone the creed
but its symbolism as well, and she was
devoted to the orthodox religion. It had
often been said of her that a more chari
table woman never lived in Sacramento,
and In her sphere of life she did much to
alleviate distress and comfort the afflict
ed. The body arrived from San Francisco
to-night and the funeral will take place
to-morrow afternoon from the family
residence, 1011 O street. Rabbi -Benard M.
Kaplan of the Congregation B'nai Israel
will officiate. .-- :
Mrs. Levy was of an extremely nervous
and sympathetic nature and for months
she had worried concerning the fate of
her son, Nathaniel Liebling, who several
years ago went to the gold fields of Alas
ka in search of a fortune. His last letter
stated that he was to start for fresh min
ing fields far away from Nome, but that
she would presently hear from him. The
looked-for letter never came, however,
and Mrs. Levy refused to abandon her
gloomy forebodings. It was noticed by
her friends that the worry incidental to
her son's long absence undermined her
health and left her a prey to dangerous
maladies.
SACRAMENTO. July T.— Mrs. M. Levy,
whose death occurred in San Francisco
last night after a brief illness, was the
wife of Mark C. Levy, a respected citizen
of Sacramento. She was a sister of David
Lubin of New York, member of the firm
of Weinstock, Lubin & Co., and also of
Samuel Lubin, a merchant of San Fran
cisco, and a half-sister of Colonel II.
Weinstock and Mrs. A. Bonheim. Be
eides her husband, she leaves three
daughters, Mrs. Benjamin Wise of Sain
Francisco and Rose and Ruth Levy of
Sacramento, In addition to a son by a
former husband, Nathaniel Liebling.
Mrs. M. Levy of Sacramento, Dis
tressed Over Son's Long Ab
sence, Passes Away.
WORRY HASTENS DEATH
OF A CHARITABLE WOMAN
Mayor Olney, City Attorney McElroy
and Councllmen Dornln and Cuvelller
attended the meeting. Attorney George
W. Reed represented the Incinerating
company. For the Second Ward proper
ty owners Attorney James Creely said
he would petition for a writ of prohibi
tion to prevent the crematory from being
operated. Mayor Olney explained that the
reason of the stipulation was to save the
city from a damage suit should the Su
preme Court decide the contract was
valid.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The special com
mittee of the City Council, composed of
Pendleton, Elliott and Wallace, in charge
of the garbage crematory flght to-night
adopted a report to the City Council,
which follows:
Your committee reports that In its opinion no
branch of the city government should recognize
the purported contract between the city and
the Pacific Incinerating Company, and that the
same be treated as void. In the event that a
suit is brought by said corporation to establish
the validity of said contract, your committee
recommends that a stipulation bo entered' Into
to the' effect that pending the litigation the
corporation may operate Its plant, provided that
no action on the part of the city shall be taken
or claimed to be an estoppel or waiver of the
city' 8 claims that said contract Is void and said
corporation has no rights thereunder as against
the city.
Council's Committee Declares Con
tract Is Void and Should Not
Be Recognized.
SUBMITS REPORT ON
CREMATORY TROUBLE
The residence of George Crossland, at
538 McAllister street, within a stone's
throw of the City Hall police station, was
mysteriously entered yesterday afternoon
and jewelry to the value of more than
$400 was taken. The police were notified
of the robbery last night, but the burg
lars did their work well and left not the
Blightest clew behind by which ¦ they
might be traced.
Crossland, who is a recent arrival from
the East, went downtown shortly after
noon yesterday with his wife. The pair
returned home several hours later and
were dumbfounded to find that their bed
room was all in disorder. \ The bureau
drawers were pulled out arid their con
tents scattered about the floor. A hand
some gold watch belonging to Crossland.
two diamond rings, the property of his
wife, and several other articles of jew
elry were missing.
The stolen property Is valued at $400.
The police at the City Hall station were
at once notified and detectives were de
tailed on the case, but so far they have
no clew to the robbers.
Residence of George Crossland on
McAllister Street Is Ransacked
During His Absence.
The Golden Bear Society has planned to erect
a handsome lodge on the campus for the use of
the students. The building- and grounds com
mittee has consented to permit the lodge to be
built and all that Is now needed Is the sanction
of the Board of Regents, which will probably
be given at Jhe next session.
The Rev. Dwlght E. Potter of Oakland de
livered an address this afternoon in Stiles Hall
on the subject of "World-Wide Christianity "
under the auspices of the Young- Men's Chris
tian Association.
BERKELEY, July 7.— John C. Merrlam. pro
fessor of paleontology, Mrs. Merriam and child,
Professor C. Hart Merrlam and family and
James Perrln Smith of Stanford University and
wife are members of a party that left Berkeley
to-day for the vicinity of the Potter Creek
Cave*, in Shasta County. The party win camp
out during the month of July, and the three
scientist* will employ the time In exploring- the
caves. They will be Joined by W. J. Sinclair
and E. L. Furlong, who recently made some
Important discoveries of bones and skulls In
the caves, and the work will be divided amonu
them.
NEW YORK. July 7.— George A. Kolb.
for tome time the busines agent and gen
eral manager of the Marine Engineers'
Benevolent Association, was found dead
in bed at his home to-day. Early In May
Kolb tame into prominence by reason of
the strike of the marine engineers and
by the fact that on May 4 he disap
peared. About two weeks afterward he
was found in San Francisco. Since his
return to New York he had been under
the care of brain specialists.
GEORGE A. KOLB DIES
SUDDENLY AT HIS HOME
Business Agent of the Marine En
gineers' Benevolent Association
Is Found Dead in Bed.
The other corporation will be known as
the Caspar, South Fork and Eastern Rail
road Company. It is to tap the lumber
regions in Mendocino County. It will be
thirty-five miles long. The capital stock
Is $500,000, of which thirty-five shares at
$100 per share have been subscribed for
by Abbie E. Kxebs $500, Elvena D. Jack
son $500. Henry Krebs $500, D. L. Ran
dolph $500. C. J. Wood $500 and the Caspar
Lumber Company $1000.
Articles of Incorporation of two new
railroads were filed in the County Clerk's
office yesterday. One road will operate
from the city of Sacramento to Stockton,
a distance of 100 miles, and the other is to
extend from the town of Caspar to the
town of Willlts, Mendocino County.
The first road is capitalized at $3,000,000.
of which $100,000 is subscribed, by I.-W.
Hellman Jr. $98,000. Charles Holbrook $500,
J. M. Israel $500, C. A. Harp $300 and John
C. Kirkpatrick $500.
One to Be Constructed
Between Sacramento
and Stockton.
TO NEW ROADS
WILL BE BUILT
Miss Stanton left for the far east with
the Stlnes-Evans company, canceling an
engagement with the Castle Square Opera
Company, with whom she was to sing in
the title role in "Peggy from Paris."
She has already been very successful on
the stage, having sung in vaudeville in
the East for two years prior to her oper
atic engagement with the Castle Square
Company, but was obliged to return to
California on account of ill-health.
Miss Stanton expects to remain in Au
stralia for a year, and during that time
she hopes to add one more name to the
already long list of Callfornian's who have
met with enviable success in that far
away land.
VALUABLE JEWELRY
STOLEN FROM HOUSE
OAKLAND, July 7.— When the
steamship Alameda, bound for
Honolulu. sailed through the
Golden Gate last Saturday, she
carried as a passenger Miss Merle
Stanton, an Oakland girl, on her way to
win fame and fortune in the antipodes.
Miss Stanton is known in private life as
Mrs. W. L. Achard. and she is the only
daughter of A. E. H. Cramer, cashier of
the Union Savings Bank. She is fitted
In every way to win success in her chosen
profession, being very striking in appear
ance and the possessor of a fine soprano
voice.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
During the following sessions of the
conference, reports from the various
churches and missions -will be submitted
by the delegates and plans and sugges
tions for carrying on the work . of the
church will be discussed by the assembly.
The morning sessions will be for devo
tion and the afternoon sessions for busi
ness.
Church at Twelfth and Market streets In
this city, opening to-morrow evening and
continuing until Wednesday, July 15.
Special services will be held to-morrow
evening and the sermon will be delivered
by Professor F. Pleper, president of the
synod and president of the Concordia
Theological Seminary at St. Louis, Mo.
The opening session of the conference
will begin at 9 o'clock Thursday morning
and will be occupied with the Inspection
of credentials of the delegates, and other
preliminary business, after which a paper
on "The Proper Use of the Means of
Grace" will be read by Rev. J. II. Schroe
der-of San Francisco.
During the afternoon session Rev. John
H. Theiss, pastor of the Zion Evangelical
Church of this city, will read a paper on.
"The Business Meetings of the Congrega
tion." A general discussion of the differ
ent subjects will follow these readings.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The annual
conference of tho California and
Nevada district of the German
Lutheran church will be held at
the Zion German Evangelical
PASTOR OF GERMAN LUTHERAN
CHURCH WHO WILL WELCOME
DELEGATES TO CONFERENCE.
McLean, who is with the Sierra Club, in
the mountains, and W. C. Patterson of
Los Angeles, detained at home by busi
ness, the session was entirely informal.
The members present were the Rev.
Charles A. Ramm, Oscar K. Cushing and
Andrew M. Davis of San Francisco and
Professor E. C. Moore of the University
cf California. With the Governor the
beard discussed on broad general lines
the policy and scope of the law, but
adopted no specific plan of operation.
Because of the absence of Dr. McLean
and Mr. Patterson nothing was done to
ward organization of the board, nor was
anything said concerning the appointment
of a secretary, the only salaried position
under the board's control.
The law contemplates that the board
shall act in an advisory capacity toward
the various State institutions compre
hended within the title "charities and
correction," including State hospitals,
asylums, penal and like institutions.
Power is given for full inspection of
books, records and all operations. The
board will make recommendations as it
ehall consider test touching the Improve
ment of conditions.
The Governor will probably not call an
other meeting until after the summer va
cation. Governor Pardee and his family
expect to leave shortly for a vacation trip
to the Santa Cruz Mountains.
OAKLAND. July 7.— The first meeting
of th» State Board of Charities and Cor
rection, created by the last Legislature,
vas held this evening at the residence of
Governor George C. Pardee, 672 Eleventh
street. Owing to the absence of two
members of the board, the Rev. J. K.
Meets at Governor Pardee's Resi
dence and Indulges in an
Informal Discussion.
STATE CHABITIES BOARD
HOLDS ITS FIRST SESSION
The fire spread rapidly, and the district
engineers, appreciating the seriousness of
the situation, went to work with a deter
mination to keep it within the bounds of
the Studebaker building, if possible.
In the rear of the building there Was an
elevator well and up this the flames
quickly made their way to the other
floors and spread northward toward the
front of the structure. At 2:30 o'clock
there was a sudden lull in the blaze, but
a few minutes later a terrific explosion
was heard and a second later the flames
were bursting out through all the win
dows facing on Market and Tenth streets.
It was later learned that the paint shop
of the firm was located on the top floor
and it was the ignition of the materials
there that caused the loud report and the
resulting concussion.
Adjoining trier- burning'^building on
Tenth street is a wooden structure used
as a planing mill by Andrew Christensen
and all that saved it from destruction was
the fact that the windows on that side
of the Studebaker building were covered
by iron shutters.
At 2:45" a. m. the water tower had been
brought into play. The building at this
time was badly gutted. At 3 o'clock
everything on the first three floors was
a total loss. At that hour the blaze,
which the firemen thought they had un
der control, broke out afresh. The smoke
was eo dense that the building could not
be seen from the street.
The firemen i»--their heroic work were
favored somewhat by an easterly wind,
which gave assurance of safety to the
five-story building known as the Manhat
tan Hotel, which occupies the corner of
Market and Oaf streets, directly opposite
the burning building.
Martin Grimes > the watchman of the
building, occupied a room on the first
floor and was awakened by a buzzing
sound, evidently the noise resulting from
the contact of defective electric wires.
Jumping out of bed he was made to real
ize that the building was on fire and he
had little time to make his escape before
the upper floors were enveloped in flames.
Shortly after 2 o'clock this morning a
fire was discovered in the four-story brick
building on the southwest corner of Tenth
and Market streets, "occupied by the Stu
debaker Bros." Company, and in half an
hour's time the flames had almost de
stroyed the structure. -
The fire was first discovered by Police
Officer Beamer, who happened to be pass
ing along Tenth street arid noticed smoke
coming up from the . basement of the
building. He immediately turned in an
alarm, but before the . department ar
rived on the scene the flames had control
of the basement and were rapidly creep
ing up through the floors above.
The basement of the building. was used
for storage and packing purposes by
Studebaker Bros, and was filled with in
flammable material, which burned like
tinder. Frequent explosions plainly sug
gested to the experienced firemen * that
there were also stored within the base
ment paint and other dangerous liquids,
which contributed to the conflagration.
Neighboring Structures Are Endan
gered by Flying Sparks, and
Close Watch Is Kept to Pre
vent Further Damage.
Flames Get Start in Base
ment and Soon Reach
Upper Floors. -
With the police is the request of Con
stable SIttnn of San Miguel for Putnam's
arrest. The request gives Putnam's age
bp 25 yean 5 , and a general description, to
gether with the statement that Constable
fc>itton holds a warrant for the fugitive.
The young mother is the daughter of a
hard working woman of Paso Robles.
Putnam, it is charged, look the gfrl last
October to San Miguel with pome com
panions on a dinner party. In March the
warrant was issued, but the young law
yer, it is declared, had disappeared.
Later, it is asserted, persons represent
ing the Putnam family made overtures to
the girl's people. Miss Baker came to
Oakland on June 8 and went to the Ed
holm place. To Dr. Stetson the girl nar
xated her ptory. and upon that statement
the physician wrote the birth record.
Soon after the child was born, a mysteri
ous woman appeared at the Edholm
home, a refuge for girls, and It is said,
made an offer to the mother that she re
linquish the child on payment of $1000, the
offer being refused. Mrs. Edholm is out
of the city.
the Health Department in this city,
» "harlcs G. Putnam is the father of a boy
born to the young mother at Mrs. Char
lotte Edholzn's home, 3476 Twenty-second
avenue. The certificate of birth, filed to
day by Dr. Ben Stetson, who attended
The Kirl, recites the foregoing.
According to the girl and the record of
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. July 7.
Chief of Police Hodpkins has been asked
to arrest Charles G. Putnam, a young at
torney cf Paso Robles, who is a fugitive,
a warrant having: been Issued for him
charging him with a serious offense
apainst Edna M. Baker, 13 years old. of
Paso Robles, who became a mother in this
city on June "2.
Studebaker Bros. Com
pany Suffers Heavy
. Loss by Blaze. ,
Charles G. Putnam Is the
Object of Pursuit by
the Police.
Accuses Young Lawyer
of Paso Robles With
Wrongdoing.
Representatives of the Church for the District of
California and Nevada Ready for Annual Con
vention Which Will Go Into Session To-Day
CHILD-MOTHER
MIKES CHARGES
DELEGATES TO GERMAN LUTHERAN
CONFERENCE GATHER IN OAKLAND
FIERCE FIRE
GUTS WAGON
REPOSITORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1903.
Oakland Girl Who Has Already Won Enviable Place
on the Stage in This Country, Leaves for Aus
tralia in Search of Further Fame and Fortune
MERLE STANTON, POPULAR SINGER,
ON HER WAY TO THE ANTIPODES
9
Notice to Subscribers!
_ — , — ; i
We take pleasure in notifying our pa- v
trons who are going to the country for the
summer months that THE CALL can be
served to them at ANY POINT either by
mail or through local carriers.
Give address to your carrier or any
branch office and prompt service will be
made.
POSTUM CXBZAL.
"DABSTERS."
People Who Do Things by Piecemeal.
Many people are convinced coffee is the
cause of their sufferings and stop its use
from time to time to get relief. During
these periods when they are not drinking
coffee they feel better. They are getting
creO in email Installments.
How much better it is to stop short on
the coffee and shift to well made Postum
and get well once and for all. As soon
as this is done the destroying effects of
coffee are stopped and a powerful re-
Luilding agent is set to work. Health
Cfcmes back by bounds and so long as the
right food and drink are used and im-
proper food is left alone the cure is per-
Ci: T; '' ii 1 . _
? lady of Readfleld, Me., says: "I was
always a great lover of coffee and drank
it so steadily that I would have to stop
it at times on account of dizziness in my
head, gas in the stomach and other
troubles. I would leave off the coffee for
a few weeks until I felt better, then
would eo to drinking it again.
"I continued this for years and paid
dearly for it, until about a year ago I
read a Postum Cereal article and bought
and carefully prepared some. It filled the
place of coffee from the start so far as
flavor and taste go and it has righted my
stomach troubles. I have improved so
that my friends notice the change. I
have exchanged sickness and misery for
health and happiness. Through .Postum
I have got well all at once." Name fur-
nished by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
Ice cold Postum with a dash of lemon
a delightful "cooler" for warm days.
Bend for particulars by mail of exten-
»fon of time on the 17500 cooks' contest
tor 73 money prizes.The Time 1 Ball on ; the Ferry, building ¦ was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — I. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Green
wich • time.- •*¦;..-.',-. ¦ ¦ .. J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. -S. N.. In charge.
, Time Ball.
Branch HydrograDhlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange. . San Francisco, . Cal.,
July 7, 1903. -
United : States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters a t Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the highest tide \\ the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JULY- 8.
Sun rises 4:51
Sun sots ......7:35
Mocn sets 4:06 a. m.
«; Time Time Tlme| ITlmei
•> Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. f 1 Ft.
q L W H W' L W| |H W|
8 (4:49 _ 0.5 12:00 4.7.4:25 3.1 10:35 5.6
0 5:24 —0.6 12:40 4.8 6:07 3.111:11 5.3
10 S:o5— O.4 1:16 .4.9 5:46 3.111:45 C.2
11 6:27—0.2 1:50 4.9 6:28 '3.1 '
H W (L W H W L W
1° 0:27 .V0] 6:5!t 0.0 2:20' 4.9 7:13 3.0
13 '1:08 4.7 7:30 0.3 2:4S 4.9 8:02 2.9
14 1:30 4.5 8:05 0.6 3:191 5.0 8:57 2.6
15 .3:38.-4.2 8:45 l.O| 3:50[ ¦ R.1 0:68 2.3
• NOTE— In -the above exposition of the tidea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In: the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth. time column gives. the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United | State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from. the depth given by
the charts.- The Diane of. reference Is th«
mean of the lower low waters.
To Japan— 27C0 bbls flour, 5000 lbs dried
fruit, 2778 lbs coffee, 138 pkgs groceries and
provisions, SO cs canned goods, 480 lbs bread,
300 lbs nuts, 30 cs 103 gals wine, 0 cs whisky,
3 cs mineral water, t&71 Iba sugar, 188 pkgs
blcycl«8 and sundries, 15S pkgs machinery, 12
pkgs drugs and medicines, 112,000 lbs soda ash,
".»0 rolls 5 cs leather, 13 pkgs agricultural im
plements, 20 tons 24 sks tanbark, C257 lbs
¦wool, 28 pkgs electrical supplies. : -
To China— 1760 bbls flour. 7M» gals wine. 70 cs
liquors, 20 ctln oats. 40 baits hay, S52 lbs
ginseng, 317 cs canned goods, 327 pkgs gro
ceries and provlfi&ss. IOCS lbs bam and bacon,
The Japanese steamer Hongkong Maru sailed
yesterday for Hongkong, via Honolulu and
Yokohama, with a general merchandise cargo,
valued at $132.(546, and distributed as follows:
For Japan, $44,016; China, $Sl,fll4; Manila,
S.T2S4; East Indies. $173: Korea, $1000; Slam,
*54; Vladivostok. $315. The leading shipments
were as follows:
Merchandise for the Orient.
Zaragoza Club Election.
At the annual mpctlnp of the Zarapoza
Club held laFt Monday night at 610 Mont
pompry street, H. Eca da Sllva was elect
ed president; F. Olmedo. vie* president;
A. de la Torre Jr.. secretary; T. Calderon.
treasurer, and A. B. Treadwell, E. F.
Robles and C. F. Jlminez, trustees.
Get the Wasp's pictorial history of the
Pacific Cable. Sold by Newsdealers. •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. T~Due~
Lnkmr Snn Pedro I July 8
Coquille River Kan Pedro July n
Enterprise.... Hilo Ju jt £
Montara Seattle Uufv S
Arctic Humboldt t u 1v S
North Fork... Humboldt "july 8
V ol A' n .y • New York via Panama! Juiy 8
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma July 8
tcntialla Grays Harbor July g
Arcata ... Coob Bay & p t . Orford. July 0
Del Norte Cicscent Citja July 0
Redondo San Pedro. .7 1 Juiy ll
Centennial Portland jJuly 9
Santa Crus.... Newjwrt & Way Ports. .|July 0
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 0
Santa Rosa... Han Diego & Way Pts. July 0
Cnk-6 CoquiUe River Julv 9
5 lvaI Wlllapa Harbor July 10
Corona Humboldt July 10
San Pedro San Pedro July 10
Dpiiderah Hamburg & Way Pts.lJuly 10
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 10
R. Dollar.... San Pedro 'July 10
Mineola Tacoma IJuly 11
Phoenix Mrntioclno & Pt. ArenaiJuly 11
Eunka Humboldt IJuly 11
J?V,V," Puset Sound Ports... IJuly 11
Kdlth Seattle |j U |y 12
State of Cal.. Kan Diego & Way Pts.|July 13
¦Argo Eel River Ports IJuly 13
Pomona Humboldt [July 13
Courf Eay San Pedro & Way Pis. IJuly 13
P c «f-^,v" Cnina & Ja P a " Uuiy i*
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IJuly 14
• oronado Grays Hnrbor July 14
Rainier Seattle & - Whatcom. . . ,|July 15
Cltyhydncy.. N fiw York via Panama. July 15
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports. . .'...i July in
Lothian: Hongk'g via ManzanillolJuly 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. [July 18
TO SAIL. «
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jnly 8.
Eureka Humboldt .: H am Pl»r 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Jnlr ».
Czarina Cocs.Bny direct... 6 pm Pier S
S. Monica...; Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 19
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Nebraskan.. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 10
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am Pier 19
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Jnly 1O.
Lakrn* Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Aberdeen.. Seattle direct 5 pm Pier ir.
laqua Ilumlioldt ......... 10 am Pier 2
Samoa Los Angreles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humholdt 10 am Pier 2
R. Dollar. ... Astoria & Portlandl 5 pm Pier 2
Marlposa... Tahiti ...11 am Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
July 11.
•A. 1 " 0 ? 1 *; Coos B. & PtOrford 12 m Pier 13
Chehalls Grays Harbor 3 pm Pl;r 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael 2 pm S.W. 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 jn Pier 40
Chtco. ...... Coqullle River. 6 pm Pier 2
¦ July 13.
S. Rosa . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
S. Cruz Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 1»
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 ami Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amlPler 2
Jnly 13. I
Ccntralta... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
North Fork. Humboldt . .... 1 pm Pier 2
Rival..; Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena ...... 4 pin Pier 2
¦ Jnly 15. * .>.-.;
Peking..... China & Japan. 1 pm Pier 40
Queen . .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
Jnly 10. •
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Jnly 17. • • i
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Coronado... Grays Harbor'..... 4 pm|Pler 10
July IS. |
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 • m|Pler 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. . I Sails.;
Dolphin...:.. Skagway & Way PortB. IJuly 8
Roanoke...... Nome & St.! Michael.. .IJuly 9
Cottage City.. Skagway A. Way Ports. July 10
Tampieo...... Nome. & T St. Michael... July 12
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July i:j
City Seattle... Skagway & Way : Ports. July 14
Dlrigo. ....... Skagway & Way Ports. July 15
Meteor....... Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Conemaugh... Nome & St. Michael... | July 15
Al-Kl... Skagway & Way Ports. July, 1H
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way" Pts|July lu
City Topeka.. Skagway '& Way Ports. |July 18
Eureka Nona .....{July 20
S70 pkgs fresh fruits. 2C4 pkgs fresh vege
tables. 137 pkgs onions, 52U pkgs potatoes, 542
gals 41 cs wine, 4<j pkgs paste. ]»;r>o lbs Lima
beans, 134 cs canned goods, 4800 lbs rice, U855
lbs malt, 38 pkgs groceries and provisions, 280
lbs 1 cs cheese, 20 cs arms and ammunition, 11
drums add, 5 pkgs dry goods, 30 slabs tin. 3
bars Iron. 1 flask quicksilver, 7 pkgs machin
ery, 8 cyls ga6, 1C0 tins matches, 10 bales
twine.
The steamer City of Puebla, which sailed on
Sunday for Victoria, carried an Resorted mer
chandise cargo cor signed to th» port of des
tination and the principal British Columbian
ports, valued at $UD54, and including the fol
lowing:
The Bcnoorver Lena Swea*ey sailed yesterday
for Mazatlan, Mexico, with 211,433 ft lum
ber. 200 bdls ehineles. 2«0 bdls laths, 7 pkgn
slippers, 129 i>kKs pipe and fittings and 200
cs blasting powder, valued at $5850.
Exports for British Columbia.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The. tank barkentine Fullerton was cleared
on Monday for Klhei. Hawaiian Islands, with
030.000 gallons of crude oil, valued at $2*,000.
and the tank steamer Whittler was cleared
yesterday for the tame port with 420,000 gal
lons, valued at £1 4.000.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The United States gunboat Concord palled
yesterday for Dutch Harbor, where she, will
Join the Pacific squadron, which is under orders
to proceed to Unalai=ka from Bremerton.
»
Concord Sails for Unalaska.
A few further details were received yester
day of the stranding In the Orient of the
whocner Carrier Dove. She Is ashore, not In
the Yangtse River as previously reported, but
about ten miles north of where that body of
water empties into the Sfa. One man of the
echooner's crew Is reported drowned.
•
Bark Spes TJninsurable.
The Danish bark Ppes, which has figured on
the overdue list for some weeks at a high rate,
was taken off ypsterday as uninsurable. She Is
out ITS days from London for Fremantle and
was quoted at 90 per cent. The British ship
Dunfcrnilir.e, which was on the overdue list
and reinsured at 15 per cent, arrived yesterday
at Shanghai. The Samaritan, out 170 days
from Turr.r.a for Yokohama and quoted at
10 per cent, is the only vessel now on the local
reinsurance board.
~ y ¦, «
One of Her Cre-w Drowned.
St. Fr.ul Arrives.
The Alaska Commercial Company's St. Paul
arrived yesterday from Alaskan ports and Se
r.ttlp with a few passengers ar.d about $250,000
in Yukon poid. It was through Captain Ltn<J
*jvist of the St. Paul that the diary of William
<>d». the IIl-fstM watchman of the wrecked
Fchoon<-r Courtney Ford, was made known to
ih» outside world through the columns of The
call. Captain Lln£quist, however, knows noth
ing of irK i!« tails of. ih>! illsoovery of Ode's
body. The Jog was found beside the body and
turned ovtr to the Collator of Customs at
Dutch Kaibor, In wIicfc possesglon the original
tti!l la. C*aptaln f.indquiyt taw the orlginiil
rnd requested the Collector to send a copy to
the Ean Francisco papers.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 6 — Fr bark Mare
chal de Gontaut.' from Junln. ' July 7 — Br stmr
Indrani, . from Manila; stmr Seguranca, from
Colon. ¦
MAKAWELI— Sailed July' 4— Bark W B
Flint. • for San Francisco. "¦ ,
HONOLULU— Sailed July 6, 4 p m— Br Btmr
Doric, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
ISLAND PORTg.
Arrived July f — Stmr Rival, hence July. 2.
PORT HA DLOCK— Arrived July 7— Ship
Hecla, from Port . Townsend. . . - .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 7— Schr Alvena.
from Columbia River; , schr Albert Meyer and
Halcyon, from' Grays Harbor;' schr Azalea,
from Eureka; Btmr South Portland, from Port
land.
Sailed July 7 — Stmr Coqullle- River, for San
Francisco. - • -MMfrjan+jt»imte«fStejWa»}i«M
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 7— Br Btmr
Royalist, Xrom Victoria.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 6— Stmr Senator, for
Nome: Btmr City of Topeka, for Skagway.
July 7 — Bark Diamond Head, for Honolulu
Arrived July 7— Stmr Dolphin, from Skag
way; stmr Cottage City, from Skagway. July
<i — Stmr Edith, hence July 2.
Arrived July 7— Stmr Portland, from Nome.
Sailed July 7— Stmr Spokane, for Sltka.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 7— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
BANDON— Arrived July C— Stmr Chlco.
henoe July 2.
<i PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 7— Br
stmr Ivyden*, from Victoria; ehlp Hecla, from
Honolulu.
Sailed July 7— Br ship Ardnamurchan, from
Port Illakeley, for Valparaiso.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 7—
Stmr Kan Pedro, from Ventura.
Sailed July. 7— Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 7— Stmr
Coronado. hence July 4. •
Sailed July 7— Stmr Centralla, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed July 6— Schr Annie M Campbell, for
Ean P«dro. • •
PORT HARFORD— Palled July 7. 7 a m—
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 7— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; stmr Centennial, for San
Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed in July 7— Stmr Mineola,
hence July 3, for Tacoma. -
Passed out July 7— Stmr Senator, from Se
attle, for Nome.
Passed out July 7 — Stmr Sequoia, - from Ta
coma, for Hedondo.
Passed In July: 7— Stmr Rainier, hence July
4, for Seattle. .
Passed July 7 — Bark Diamond Head, from
Seattle, for Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 7— Schr Marion.
for Han Pedro. H*HIII)l»11ll|iiifi|>iT . - .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, July 7, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 22 miles per hour.
Jant 10. iHt 15 S. Ion 2« W. Fr bark La
Bruyere, from Shields, for Port Los Angeles.
July 3, oft Watllngs Island, stmr Yucatan,
from New York, for Colon. ,;.!';
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 7.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendoclno.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Rtmr Olymclc. Hansen, Falrhaven.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson. Greenwood.
Stmr South Const. Olsen, Caspar.
Ftmr G»o W Elder. Shea, Astoria,
Br stmr Wellington. McKeallar. Ladysmith.
Ger Ktmr Hprodot. Kagelmachcr, Seattle.
Jap Etnir Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Honolulu,
Yokohama ami Hongkong.
Schr I>ena Swpasey, Hutman, Mazatlan.
Schr Del Norte. Jaoobsen, Rogue River.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel. Sluslaw River.
Scir Western Hcme. I>fn.bke, Coca Baj".
CLEARED.
Tuesday, July 7.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Whittler, Macdcnald, Klhei; Union Oil
Company.
Br stmr Wellington, McKellar, Ladysmlth;
R Dunsmuir's Suns Co. ' .
Ger stmr Hercdot, Hagelmacher, Seattle; J
D Spreckels <4 Brcs Co.
Jap stmr Honjrkong Maru, Filmer. Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong; W H Avery agent.
Kchr Lena Sweasey, Hutman, Mazatlan; Wrn
Olsen. , ¦ .•*'**.
Tuesday, July 7.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, S hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr St Paul, Llndqulst, 67 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 24 hours from Eel
Hlver.
Schr Mary Etta, LarMn, 4 days from Slus
law River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Movement of Steamers.
500 lbs millstulTs, P5S lbs cheeso, 000 lbs dried
fruit, 1393 It* p»as. 18.&54 lbs beans, l.«00 Its
codfish. 300 lbs hops. 1014 lbs lentils, 115 cs
calmon, 2112 -lbs chocolate, WWS lbs abalone
meat, 300O lbs sugar, 7S pkgs fresh fruit, 12
pkgH syrup, 1450 bales 1 cs. cotton domestics.
2205 lbs starch. 8 Dfcgs machinery, 50 bbls
asphaltum, 13.71S lbs tobacco, 12 pkgs sewing
machines, 250 cs cigarettes, 10 cs soap.
To Manila— £5S casks bottled fo*er. 2 pkgs
bicycles. J pkj? drugs, 7 pkg»-<Jr>' goods.
To Kast Indies — 0 cs canned fruit. S cs can
ned salmon, 2 pkgs electrical supplies.
To Korea — 1000 lbs bacon. 11 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 15 pkgs machinery, 14 bdls
steel, 1 pkg druse.
To Vladivostok— mSO lbs mlllstuffs. 30 pkg3
groceries and provisions.
SCHOONER WHICH JS RE
PORTED ASHORE NEAR -THE
YANGTSE KIAXG RIVER.
AT BKX. mar San Franclcco. July 6. 1!V'V5.
C. F. Herriman. Commander S. S. Sonon-.a—
J>e?r Sir: As w paiely a pj roach the <«nd of
this voyage under your rooU care and .puMance
¦we wish to express our pincere thanks lor
ytiur ariius and oor.tinuous fffort to :r.ake
the tri:> as fomiortctile and plf«;ant a-* jhif
m|.!«. and wo alwi desire to «,onv. v our hearty
ar.prp<iation of the nnfonnly courteous and
?.-r.tUrr.enly conduct of rourself and all ether
nrflccni Of tllC ship.
U<- trust that you may long he spared to fill
a leading command in these seas and by vour
per.liil and tactful i>rarin5 ccotlaoc tj popctar
izr th» PadCc jiatwr.irr trado.
With vory best wi.-hes for your future we
at*. *"aptain Herriniiin, the undersirned sa
loon raKsenrers on tli- cteamer Sonoma
eh^p i Morr°i'nR <k ' '^ N " U> Antapetic leIief
John Tarn McGrew. Honolulu.
Jamfs Mills. Now :>£5^.nd.
A. Lchmar.n, Bremen.
M. J. Whitty. ''haiu-rs Tewetr.
Bilfour II. Nelll, New Zealand.
K. H. Knisrht, Australia.
A. S. Etrwrg h«n l-Tiincleco.
<:harlet A. Musgrave. Hor.olulu
L. Honigrsb^rgpr. t^ar. Franciscc.
C. J. I>wis. Omaha.
J. Cliff MeCulloch. Scotland.
A. J. Marks. l>r,ndon.
G. F. Morris. Victoria.
K. C. Studholrr.e. New Zealand.
Robert Court neitfge.
L. Gordon Sendtord. Soutu Au«tra!ia.
Arthur W. Davis, University College, Ox
ford.
James I* Coke. Wailuku. Maui.
James Millar, Victoria. Australia.
F. J. Millar, Victoria. Australia.
S. P. French. Honolulu.
C. II. Well. Chicago.
F. C. Handy. Honolulu.
Helen C. Puckle, Sydney.
Emily Pmithson, Scotland.
Mattle M. Hoyt, Sydney.
Mrs. E. T. Stoiber,
E. K. Jackson, England.
Mrs. Florence McKernan. ValJeJa. #
Katherlne McG. Cooper.
Dorothea Robertson. Scotland.
Kthel Robertson. Scotland.
M. Rotheram. England.
Alice XV. Beals. Norfolk.
Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Thursw>4. Pltt6burg
Mrs. A. raldweii. irm Angeles.
J K. Burkett, Honolulu.
A. CaldwelU
C. T. Foar.
J. C. Rast.
Hugo Schmlflt. wife end eon, Apia. Eamea.
Florence A. Webster, St. Andrews, Scot
land.
Florest "Whltty.
Alice M. Pollard. Sydney.
Kath. Van Valkenburg. 8t. Louis.
Jaraes P. Hunter. Montreal.
The popularity of Captain C. F. Herriman.
rcrnmandfr of the '•••ear.ic Steamship Compa
re e S'.noma. increares vi!h each vov*kc, and
this fart was em;.hasizc:d on the splendid
lintrs last voyaee shw her rasseng-ers. gra:e
ful for Jhe iriiiny c-ouriesic? shown them pre
pared the following teeUmonUI:
Tribute to Commander.
J. P. Kelehfr. Master F. Kindlev, John Lake
ness. T. B. Law. J. F. Martin, J. W. Mason.
Mies J. McCarthy. Miss G. I). McGrew. Mills
tvran. W. A. Northrcp. E. W. Ollvr. Miss G.
Fruitt. r. H. Quinn. C. A. Reynolds. Mi.«=s G.
r.obinfon. B. K. Haul. Miss J. M. Shea. E. P.
.^hfehan. C. H. Simpson. Shepard Stevens, Mrs.
J. M. Wheaie and infant.
For Hongkons-^Miss F. B. Adams. G. A«K-
Ftein. Mrs. G. Aui?stPlru It. S. Bakfr. Mrs. W.
P. Baker and chiio. T. S. Barnes. Mrs. H. A>
Bordner. W. L. Bov.ier. 'William Brennan, W.
A. Brown. H. Burnett. J. J. CarrinEton. Guy
• linton. J. A. Cull. Mrs. W. B. Pevonport.
John Easan. F. K. Erran, J. G. Emhree and
ton. K. P. Ewln?;, Torg Few. T. L. Freeman,
B. Garrett. P. O. Giles. Mrs. P. C. Giles. Miss
K. OluN-tlch. Mr?. A. J. Gouch. Miss M. Hall.
Misses E. N. and J. R. Hall, Mrs. E. N. Hall.
Mie.= if. Hoffman. W. G. Hunter. A. JaeobeOB.
B. K. Johnson. .1. A. Johnson. J. W. Johnson.
She carried a large number of Asiatic
pasFcngers, including a few deported Chi
nese and some Japanese stowaways.
The passengers included:
For Yokohama — Judce C. Y\\ Durtln, J.
Hrlem, Dr. C H. Hun^hreys. lira. H. J. Mr-
Ginnis. H. Nagaoka. K: Bakima* Hon. Chase
St^wart. Rev. K. 6. GffonL H. H. B. Walker,
W. Glea Walker. Mrs. W. Glen Walker.
For Nagasaki — Mrs. Ada McMahon.
For Shanghai — Rev. 1*. D. Bergen, Mrs. P.
D. Bfr=-en and son.
I>. A. Harnett, who is acting
agent for the company during W. H.
Avery's absence, sent the liner away on
time and looking like a yacht.
Among the passengers were many school
trachers bound for the Philippines. There
were some distinguished globe trotters on
board and quite a number of missionaries.
The Hongkong took ouj. treasure valued
at about $300,000.
THE Japanese steamship Hongkong
Maru sailed yesterday for the Ori
ent with about 2000 tons of freight
and a large number of passengers.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 7— Stmr Georgia,
for Liverrjooi: *tmr Kronprinz AVilhelm, for
Bremen; Btmr Oarpathla. for Liverpool. ¦
HAMIil.RO— Arrived July 7— Stmr Blucher,
i1\»^ w Ycrk > vla Plymouth and Cherbourg.
LONDON— Sailed July 7— Stmr Cambriar.
for Boston.
MANCHESTER— Arrived July G— Stmr Cale
oonia. from Boston. •
NAPLES— Arrived July 6— Stmr Cambro
man, fiom Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 7— Stmr Buenos
Ajrrean, from Montreal; stmr Coneordla. from
Montreal; Btmr Nomadic, from Portlnnd; stmr
Turkoman, from Montreal; stmr Bohemian,
from Boston.
S a !!°5 u , Iy T ~ Stmr BcBtonian. for Boston.
bailed July i-Klmr Aurania. for New York;
stmr Lake Erie, fur Montreal: stmr UUonia.
for Boston.
vi r }-\VkJ%\X "~ Stmr Sac hem, from Boston.
PL iMOLTH— Arrived July 7— Stmr Grnf
V.aUlfrsee, trom New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg:, and proceeded
QUEKNSTOWN — Arrived July 7 — Stmr
Oceanic. I rom New York, for Liverpool, and
gfe
j^SSSi^Ss? JuIy c - stmr MonKO 
lantlrorn R N7w Al York (1 "^ 7 ~ Stmr
OCEAN STEAMERS
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 3— Br etmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
PANAMA— An I ved June 19— Nor bark Alex
andra, from NewcaRtle. Aus.
HONGKONG— Sailed June 2.3— Br Btmr Clav
erlng, for San Francisco. June 24— Stmr Olym
pla. for Yokohama.
NAGASAKI— Sailed June 20— U S stmr
Thomas, for Ean Francisco.
PUXTA ARENAS— Sailed June 1&— Ger stmr
Totmcs, for Hamburg.
RIO DB JANEIRO— Sailed June 2+— Ger
bark "Willkommen, for Seattle.
SHANGHAI— Arrived July 6— Br ship Dun
fermllne, from New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 6— Ger bark Octa
vla, for Tort Los Angeles.
T. W. Farhner, a grip repairer, said his
wages were $75 a month. He thought
that if they were raised to $3 a day he
could save some money, but at the pres
ent rate ho was unable to put away a
cent. He said he was the father of two
children arid" that he would like to buy
a home for them. "If I can't do that,"
he said, "the next best thing I can do
is to take out life insurance for them and
get out of the road."
T.- Coller. a lamp cleaner and janitor
for the McAllister street car house, was
a very busy man, according to his testi
mony. Besides cleaning lamps and doing
general janitor work he had to act in the
capacity of car dispatcher when another
man went to his meals. He also had to
look out for blockades and for all these
duties earned only $50 a month. He got
two Sundays off each month, but other
wise worked- hard all the time.
The ¦ taking of testimony will be re
sumed this morning at 10 o'clock.
COULDN'T SAVE MONEY.
STATIONAKY FIREMEN.
President Arthur Holland of the United
Railroads was the first witness called in
the afternoon. Much time was spent by
his refusing to furnish a list of the em
ployes who were working for the com
pany and who were not platform men.
His reason for refusing to give this in
formation was that he wished to pro
tect many men who v/ere working for the
company and were not members of the
union. A compromise was effected, Liv
ernash agreeing to read over the list
privately and not make the document a
public record.
The appearance of Edward Ellison on
the witness stand was prefaced by Liv
ernash by the statement that he was
being called to place his testimony on
the records for the benefit of the arbi
trators, as It would show that the United
Railroads was not friendly tQ organized
labor. Ellison Is president of the Sta
tionary Firemen's Union. He said that
the wages of the members of his union
were, for ordinary firemen. $2 75 a day
and for water tenders $3. This schedule
of wages was adopted last April by all
the big corporations, among them being
the San Francisco Electric Light Com
pany, the Independent Light and Power
Company, the Mutual Light and Power
Company and! the Palace Hotel. The
United Railroads had been asked to raise
the salaries of the stationary firemen in
its employ at that time, the witness said.
Manager Chapman had replied that he
would consider the matter, but the union
had never heard anything more about
it from the corporation.
John Sullivan, an oiler of cable tracks,
was the most fluent talker that had yet
ascended the witness stand. When asked
by Livernash to outline his duties, he
talked so fast that the shorthand re
porter Had to hint at a Mexican bit to
get him bacK to a reasonable gait. Sul
livan earned $65 a month, he said, and
had worked for the company many years.
While his testimony was being taken
Master Mechanic Bodler, a young man
wreathed In smiles, who evidently thought
the proceedings a huge Joke, entered the
room. He was classified by the carmen
as "a New Jersey importation by Man
ager Chapman," and Livernash objected
to his presence In the room while any of
the trackmen were giving their testimony.
L/ivernash's objection was made on the
grounds that the trackmen were under
the direction of Bodler and that the lat
tcr's presence, while the men were on the
stand, was a menace to them and an act
of coercion. Attorney Moore moved that
Bodler retire, which the young man did
relufctantly.
Alfred Sa'.e, a car cleaner, had a sad
story to tell. He worked eleven hours a
night for JjO a month, he said. He was
never allowed a day off and had worked
without a vacation for a whole year. He
was married and the father of four chil
dren. As the butcher now charged more
for meat his stews were few In number.
His rent had been raised from JS to $11 a
month, but he thought that if he was
raised to $2 50 a day and only worked nine
hours he could save some money.
BODLER WITHDRAWS.
He earned betv/een $G0 and J"0 a month,
and said: "Boss says I am a foreman."
He and another man employed by the
company received 22V» cents an hour when
they worked overtime, all other track re
pairers receiving 20 cents overtime. In
answering the query whether he knew If
the cost of living had gone up, he replied
that "there was a lot of kicking at home
about it."
One after another employes of the
United Railroads— car repairers, grip ¦ re
pairers, lamp cleaners and even the man
whose humble duty it is to push the car
Into the barn— testified yesterday in the
arbitration proceedings between the
United Railroads and the carmen's union
that their hours of labor were too Ions
and that they believed they were entitled
to more money. The track repairers told
how they had to lay flat on the ground
and do all sorts of gymnastic stunts to
repair the read, the oilers attempted to
impress everyone with the responsibility
of their duties and each one had a tale of
woe.
J. J. Kearn, a laborer who works at
track repairing, was the first . witness.
Heath was removed last week at the
tame time Frank Schmltz. brother of the
Mayor, was deposed fresi the position of
Superintendent of Buildings.
Heath reported for duty last Monday
morning to President Michael Casey of
the Board of Public Works, and request
ed that he be assigned to duty a? a field
deputy, which is his official rating under
the rules cf the Civil Sorvice Commission.
Casey isiformed Heath that he had r.o
work to offer him and Heath replied:
••I w!sh tu qualify for my position as
field deputy so that any action I may
take will be qMte legal."
Yesterday morning Heath served the
following notice in writing upon the
V,< ht6 of Public Works:
"You are hereby notified that I am
ready, willing ar.d able to continue the?
performance of the dutus of my onicial
position in the department of Hoard of
Public Works of the City and County cf
San Francisco, and 1 hereby request and
demand of you that I be restored to such
position." *. •
Heath's communication was received
and placed on file.
Heath received his rating as a field
deputy on August 7, 1S01, after taking the
Civil Service examination. He was third
on th<? list of candidates eligible for a
position in the Board of Public Works.
On September 6. 1PC1, Heath was given
a position in the Board of Public Works,
the office of Chief of the Bureau of
Streets being created at that time.
Mayor S<hrnitz recently suggested that
the work of the position of Chief of the
Bureau of Streets should be done by
Michael Casey, president of the Board of
Public Works. Casey retorted that the
Mayor's brother. Frank Schmitz. could
also be dispensed with. The Mpyor re
plied that he agreed' to this suggestion
and the result was that the Board or Pub
lic Works abolished the positions of
Hrath and the Mayors brother.
Heath claims that he car.not be removed
without cause ar.d that if the position of
Chief of Bureau of Streets has been abol
ished, he is still entitled to be retained
in the office as a iie!d diputy.
Benjamin Heath Jr., who was removed
from the position of Chlrf of the Bureau
of Streets by the Board of Public Works,
is preparing to make a legal contest to
tecure reinstatement.
Removal by Board of Works
Likely to be Taken
Into Court.
Livernash Objects to Presence
of Master Mechanic
. in the Room.
Deposed Chief of Bureau
of Streets Piles a
Protest.
Think They Are Entitled
to More Wages for
. Their Labors.
HEATH DEMANDS
HIS POSITION
TRACKMEN TELL
THEIR TROUBLES
MANY TEACHERS AND MISSIONARIES
TAKE DEPARTURE ON HONGKONG MARU
Japanese Liner Sails for Orient Promptly on Schedule Time Carrying Many
Pedagogues Who Could iNot Find Accommodations on Transport Sherman.
Sonoma's Passengers Appreciate Courtesy of Commander Herriman
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, .1903.
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Simple Remedy
for
ShiriTmuble
I Bathe the affected part with
HelskeU's Soap, dry with a soft
towel, and with the finger apply
Heiakcll's Ointment. One applica-
tion a day. for a short while, usu-
ally cures — never required moie
than twice a day — ror a complete
cure of Pimples, Blotches on Face,
Barber's Itch, Tetter, Erysipelas,
Salt Rheum. Scald Head, Ring-
worm, Itch, Ulcers, Eurns, Scalds,
I Ulcers in Ear. Sore Nose and Eye-
lids, Itching Piles, and any erup-
tion of the skin. HeiskeU's Oint-
ment cures where all alteratives,
sarsaparillas, iodides and mercu-
rial medicines fail. It is very
soothing and cooling, making the
skin beautifully fair and smooth.
Recommended and used by physician*
lor fifty years. At druggists', 60 cents.
IT Send Xor book of testimonials.
{I jOKirsTOsr, zollowat * co.,
II 531 Commerce St, Philadelphia.
California
Limited..,
To CHICAGO
llliillllilPl or "^^ ose Who
SANTA FE "TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I L,lm"d I Local (OVrl'd
[ Dally I Dally | Dally 1 Patly
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a! 0:30 a 4:0O p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 9
•• MercM .... 1:03 p( 1:55 p J:23 a
"Fresno 2:4O p| 3:20 p 3:15 a
"Hanford ... 4:6Sp 4:07 p 7:50 a
"Vlsalla .... 4:55 pi 4:4S p »:«O a
•• Bakerafleld . 7:15 p 6:OO p 7:45 a
" Kansas City 2:35 a 7:0O a
¦ •• Chicago I S:15 p 8:47 p
a for mornlas: p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Daily Is Bajterstlcld Local, stops
pins at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
I responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
! 9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday Is the
! CAZ.XTOSNIA LIMITED, carrying- Pal-
I »c« Sleeptnff Oars and Dtnlns Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers.
j field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengem. No second-class tickets are honored
I on this train. Correspondlns train arrives at
1 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:20 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited, Composite
I Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers,
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recllnlne Chair cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at e:25 p. m. daily.
! Personally conducted parties for Kars ts City.
I Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at ft p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIFI3
3AILWAY COMPAKT.
Tlljnrcm Perry ,_£oot cf Market St.
BAN PEA3TCI3CO TO SAN 3ATA.SL.
I WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
t li:33. 2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and ll:M
\ P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. S:0O. 9:30. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40 5:10. 6:30. 11:00 p. m.
SA2« KArAi,^ U.*v - aK - "JUSCCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:C5. 6:30. 7:33, 7:3O. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 6:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — b:50. 7::>5. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:15.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.! May 3. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destma- j Sun- j Week
Days, i d ays. | tlon. | day*. | Dayi.
I 7:30 a I 7:45 al 7:45 a
7:30 a[ 8:00 a • 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:.'Wa Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:ll> p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
j iiriLE
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a| 7:45a
8:00a 8:00a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:.'i0a Petaluma 6:l*O p 6:20 p
C:10p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25p
I 3:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:X0a| 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a| 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p| 2:30 p 7:23 p
I Windsor. I I
7:30 a -7:30 al Uealdsburr. 10:20 a 1 10:20 a
I Lytton. I
2:30 pf 2:30 pi Geyservlllft, 7:25pI7:23p
j I Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
7:S0aj 7:30 a| Willlts. \ 7:25 p| 7:23 p
8:00 at 8:00 al Camp Vacation. |10:2t> a!tt):20 n
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Guernevllla. | 7:25 p! 6:20 p
S:0Oa|8:0Oa| Sonoma. |S:40a|8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Olen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 7:30 al 110:20 a|l»:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Seba.«topol. j 7:25 p] 6:20 p
STAUES connect at Gr«en Brae for San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for . White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clove*-
dale for the Geysers, BoonevlUe and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's)
Riverside, Llerly's, ' Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville. Git's Hot Springs, Ha»f.
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport
Usal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cum-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer
Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka *
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sundays — Round-trip tlckeis to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Paa. Agt.
HTO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADZRO,ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DATS (Holidays excepted)— 8:43.
1*7:45. 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. '1:43. 3:15.
4:15. *5:15. M:15. 6:45, 9. 11:43 p. m.
7:45 a. re train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t«. t*». tno. 11. tll:30 a. m.. n2UJ0. fl:3^
2:30. •3:80. S. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentla. Thosa
narked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
"°FRO r M SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. t(J:25, 7:40. 8:15. i»:33.
ll:C6 a m.. 12:30. 2:20. 13:43. 4:50. 8*0. 6:43!
10:20 p. m
SUNDAYS— «:13. 7:33 $8:10. 9:«). J10:33.
tll:45 a. rn.. 12:50, 2:30. »;23. 4:40. t3:Jo.
«:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Train* marked it) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 0:43. 6:40. 7:43. 8:23
8:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 0:13. 3:10. 7:05!
10:40 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 7:65. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12-09.
1:03. 2:40. 8:43. 4:53. «:03. 7:1O. 10:40 p. nL
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m., week days— Caiadero and' way
stations.
6:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. .
3:15 p. is.. Saturdays — Caiadero and way
stations. '
. Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m.. Caja-
dero and way stations.
- Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes iuid way stations. - ¦ ».
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Marktt at. •
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xra.n. 1 ""
" <M»ln Line. Foot of Mnrtet »tre«« >
AT , — yaoM Jpa» 81. !«». — *«»»»
" 7 tMU Benlrta. Salsnu, Kimlrs nad Sucitr ~T~~
'^ mento VSei
7.80a Vsc«Til!e. T7inM>rs.Rum»ey........ 7.25*
7.S0a JlirrUnei. 9aa Humoo, Vmllejo,
K»p*.CaM»tcz». P»nt»Eos« SS
7 30* Nile?. Lfttbrop. Stockton 7.25*
I 00* ba»i». Wctolhiixi. KnlKbU Lindlnr.
Jlaryptlile. OroTille. (connecta
st M»i7svi;»e for Orldley.BifS*
sndChl'O) .-..-• -J-gS»
I 00a AtlontlcRxpres*-Os<len«ndB»«i. 10.2&A
8 GO* F«rt C<»ti. Martlnex. Antloca. By-
ran Trsey. 8to«kton.3»criun«nta,
l.o» r.»nog. Mendocs, lUnford.
Vt«»l!n- Porter»U'.e m4.2a»
5 CO* Fort Costa, Murilaer. L.uhrov. Mo-
derto. Merced. Freino, Gocoen
Junctlcn. Uanford, VUalia,
yakenfleW B^5»
0.30a 8n»ita Express— U»Ti». -Wlllhims
(for Bartlett Sprlnsrn). Willows,
+ FTOto. Re4 Blnff.rortl»n<l 7.B3»
8.30a Kl'.e*. San Jofe, lAienaorn. Stock-
ton.Ione.6«r'«n>«j»to.riacer»llle,
MarjrMH*. Chlc». Bed BlnlT 42S»
8.33a Oakdnle. Chinees. Jsmestowa. So-
nora. Tnolomae and AnneU 4.2S>
8 00a Mnnlnci aad 'Way Station* -|-5S* '
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
110.00* Cre^ceatCUy Kxpress. Eutbonnd.
—Port Costa. BjroB. Tr»ey. !••
tbrop, Stockton. Merced. Kay J
mon«l. Fresno. Uaaford, VliaUa, *L
- Pnlcervceld. Los An^ei-5* sad — I
Kew Orlwrn*. <TPe»ibottna sr-
rl»e» m Pmctflc Coaat Express,
? Is, Coan I.tne) *1.3D>
10 00a The. OTerland LrmrteU — OftJe«.
DenTer.Omah*. Chicago. 6 25*
12.C0m Hnywarrt. Mies and Way SuUoas. 3-25*
t14)0r PocratnentoRtrer Steamers tll.OOV
33Cr Benlclft, Winters. SacrsTnenJo,
Woodlnnd. -Winiami. Cohw».wn-
low». KDlgtita I.fcndlBir. Marjs-
Til'.r. OroTilie sod way utattona.. 1055a
3.?0p Harwara.XUe* and Way Stations.. 7-65»
4C0p Martlnez.SmilUmoa.Va!'.eJo,HBp«,
Cali»to»». 8ant» K»»» f-SS*
4.00r MartlDex,rraey.L»throp.Stoektt>n. 1025*
4.C0r MKea. I. It rrmoro. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2S*
4.30r Hayward. Nile*. Irviugton, San I 19.56k
Jose. Llvermore I JII.ooa
6C0r The Owl Limited— rreino.Tulare.
Hakei art rid. Loa Angeles; con-
nrrts at Sanaa* for Santa Bar-
bara. t.B8Ja
B.COp Port Coata, Tracy, Stockton. Loa
Bane* 12.28>
1E30p Kile*. San .lone Local 7.25*
6 COp BiTwarrt. Kl!e«an«* 6au Jose....... 10.2o*
6X0r OrlVutal Mai! — Ogden; DenTer.
Omaba. 8t. Lou!*. Chicago and
Ea*u (Carrtt* Foihaan Car pas-
sengers only out of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist car acd ecach
1 BatceDgers take 7.C9 r. a. trsla
to Keno. c<-nt!cnlnp thence la
their cars ft p.m. train eastward.. 4-28*
* f ¦*:!><, i.nd. funstt Limited.—
From New York. Chicago. Htw
Orleans. E! Paic. Loa Angeles.
Fretno. Eerenda, Raymond «froxa
Yotrmlxe). MRrttses. Arrlrea.. 8. 25*
7. CO Ean Pablo. Port Ccsta. liartlaez
and TTay EUtiosa 11.26*
J70C* Vallejo :. 7.66*
7-CCr Fort costs, Beslcta. Snisna, Darlj, .
ftcran'«ntn. Tmckee, Reno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 755*
I.C5* Oregon * California Kxpr«»a— Sao-
ramento, MaryavSUe. UfdJIatr.
Portland. Poget Ecnnd and Eaat. 8. 55*
J9.1Cr Hay « aril. Mies and San Jose (Sun-
day ccly) 111.55 i
11. 26* Port Cona, Trsry. Lathrop. Mo-
Off t<>, Merced. Raymond (to To-
setnlte). Fresno 12 2?»
Kanford. Visaila. Bakertfleld 6.25*
COAST LINE <5arr«.w «*.«•).
(F.vot of »iark9t Street.)
:7.45a Santa Crui Excnrilon (Snaday
only) :3-10f
S.ISa Newark. CenterTllle. San Join.
Feitoo. l«»i:iticr Creek, Saata
Crni ao«l W»/ Stattima (2S*
t2.1»r Kewark. CenterTille. S*n Joae,
New Almadea. Lus Gato«.7eltoa.*
lion'tlt-r Creek. Santa Crui and
Principal Way Stations 10-55*
4.15r Kewark, Can Jose. Los Oatos and
way station* (oh Saturday and
f<nndny tods through to Saata
Crni. roaoecta at Feltea for
Poulder Crnefe. Monday only
from Santa Cr«z> t8.88 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. —
From SAN il'.A* CISCO. *'o</* «f Market 91. (SI!n!t>
-t:-.l5 !»:«) U-.coa.m. 1.00 3 00 6.1Srx
From OAKLAND, root of HroaUway — -re-OO 19-M
ta-iia 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2 00 400 y.n.
COAST LINE <Bro*4 liaaxe;.
(Tn)rd and Ti>wmend Streets.)
8.10a ban Jone and Way Stations 7 3Q»
17 CO* San Jo"i- sn>1 Way stations. * tin.
;7C0a NewAlmaden rS'loi
J7.15* Monterej and Santa Crux E»Vnr
t-Ion (Sunday only) tM.SO*
•8.C0* CcastLlBeL)D>lted— StopaonlySan
Jo«e.GtIroy.IJo!;:strr,Pajaro.Cas-
troTl!>. f allnas. Stn Ardo. Paso
Kobles. Santa Margarita. San Lois
Obl*po,(prlnrfpai statloosthenre)
6aota Barbara, and Los An-
geles. Connection at CastroTtll*
tc» and from Monterey «nd Psctte
Grove and st I'ajaro north hound .
• in. c rrclr ' C»P»ol» and SantaCru/.... 10.4a*
»«)A San Jose. Tres Finos. Capltolal ' U * 9W
SsPtaCrnj.Pael«c«rote.SaliBas!
8«n Lc!s <)bi»po and Priactsal
Iniermrdlate Station. ....... 4.115-
Westbound only. Psi-iflc Coast Ex- "^
ereas.-Frcm Jf ew Tork, Chicago,
New Orleana^l Paao. Loa An-
,. __ _ fceies. Santa Tnirhara. ArrlTea i Xfi»
11 J0* Sa^Jose, Los Gatos acd Way Stv
"lint E'M 0 ** «»i'^«v sutYoBs".::::*"* xHo*
vl U ii l US' Vk1 Monte - MontereT.
V" rl0> - Kedwood. Fair Oalcs.
•7.C0I- Snnset Umlted. Ewtbonnd'.-Pan •" 38a
Lula Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Loa
M1.S«^ M »^rae. Falo Alto and Way St*: °" 15a
• 11 JOyMllJbrVeVsVn* Jo.Vand WaV'siv t9<<5F
— " ut " i9 45p
> EaturSajToWnday only 1 * '° r AffSSSiT—
! 8tops at all stattttns on Sunday.
• i. U t«daro C n ; ,y ted - * S " d * y 0B^
1 i\i 0 '* 1 Llne - J Tuesday and Frtda* ¦***'
¦•Pwi act .top >t Tiif ncl* su wu "°s^
MOUNT TAA1ALPAIS RAILWAY
S?-ik iHn M-M
fcte*t7»*aly. itm •:3oV. >W h«g^ p j- t '7^
Weekly Call,$1.00 pop Year !
jjr^^Track Railway between the I \U^^^^^^
jp^Missoari River and Chicago. |^^^^g^g^w
JWHThree Fast Traios^UL
if Chicago and East ll
II g Scyttwn Pacific, Union PacHIo and Chicago 2 Ncrth-Westem Hy». @ ||
MIL Standard and tourist sleeping cars, 'compartment £§Jm
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; ffgf
\* fjL For sleepinii car reservations, tickets and information jff Jg
igLNrak apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to jj&\d£sr
CHICAGO 1 ! NORTH-WESTERNSpelter declined to 5.8<5i@6c in the local
market; remained unchanged in London at
£20 15s.
Iron closed at 62s 6d in Glasgow and at 46s
754d'In Mlddlesboro. The local Iron market was
•lull and nominally unchanged. No. 1 foundry
Northern, $19 50@20; No. 2 do, $18 501919; No'
1 foundry. Southern, and do soft, $l9giO 50.
NEW YORK. July 7.— The cotton market
closed steady, 12 to 36 points lower.
'New. York Cotton Market.
Bea)\s and Seeds.
Dealers report less demand for Beans during
the past few days, but prices are held up very
well Seeds remain as before quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 60® 3 70; Pea. $3 25@3 50;
Bukters W 25; small White, $3 15®3 30;. large
White $2 90@3 15: Pink. $2 8603 10; Red
J2 90@3- Lima. $1 45@3 50; Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackeye, $2 50@3 per ctl; Horse Beans,
SEEDS—^Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $2 60: Flax: $2@2 10: Canary. 5>-4e for
Eastern " Alfalfa. Waikr Rape,
Timothy, 6c; Hemp, 3\L@3\kc per lb; Millet,
;m34e; Broom Corn Seed. $14@lfi per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 75©2 per ctl.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, July 7.--The woop market had a
decidedly better feeling this week, which has
a very substantial basis In the better Inquiry
and activity manifested. Prices are gradually
stiffening, but as yet there Is not much ad
vance actually registered. -Territory .wools
head the list of sales. 'New fine wools are
quoted at 52@63<?i with fine ¦ medium ct 46@50c
and medium at 45®4Cc. , :
Old territory wool is quoted at:- Fine staple
wools, firm, at 52®55o: scoured basis, fine, at
B2®55c; fine medium at 48S5Oc, with medium
at 4$#48c. , -• ' .
• Idaho, 'fine,, 14$?14',4c; fine'medlum. 16U17c;
medium,- 17«rl8c; , Wyoming, fine. -14(ffl5c; fine
medium,. 16<a>l7c:' medium. 18®19c: Utah and
Nevada, -nmv 14i4@J5c; fine medium, 17@lSo;
medium, 19^ Me; Montana, fine choice, IS®
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
-The market f or • new .- Potatoes showed more
firmness than on the preceding day. receipts
being light and the local demand . for choice
stock steady. • The . light - receipts \ cleaned up
well and as usual a few lots of strictly, fancy
commanded a premium • over the quotations.
The ' demand for shipping, 7 for ' reasons already
Hay Is comipg In freely, but the market Is
no lower and the demand Is better since the
Fourth. Feedstuffs also show little variation,
but there are more Bran and Middlings offering
on 'Change. ~ I > *n
BRAN— *24®25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27030 per ton.
. SHORTS— $24«J25 per ton. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $22@23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26® 26 50;
jobbing. $*@27 50: Cocoanut Cake, $20@2t;
Corn MeaT. $27 50O28 50; Cracked' Corn.
$28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse
B N E V 30 HX r Y-Wheat. *10612 50; Wheat
and Oat $9 60@ll: Oat, $8 50@12; Barley,
$9«10 60: Clover. $9®10; , Stock. $7 50@S 50;
Alfalfa. $8@10 per ton. .;¦/;.•;
STRAW— 35@60c per bale.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
Provisions.
Chicago was lower on the day. with the
shorts and outsiders selling and packers not
sustaining the market with as much confidence
as heretofore. Receipts of Hogs continue large
and of fine quality.
This market continues as before quoted, with
a fair demand for Hams. Bacon and barreled
roods and a weak feeling In Lard.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12V£c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium, 15c for light. 15Hc
for extra light. 1754c for sugar-cured and lac
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, 15c: California Hams. 14ffl4«-ic: Mess
Beef. $11 50912 ner bbl; extra. Mess, $12td
12 50; Family.' $13 SO; prime Mess Pork. $16;
extra clear. $26: Mess. $18: Dry Salted Pork.
1254c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
— Tlercea quoted at »%c pe r n> f o r
compound and 10V4c for pure; half barrel;",
pure, lO^c: 10-lb tins, UVic; 3-lb tint, ll%c;
3-lb tins, WVtC.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9fte; three
half barrels, 0%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
954c; five tierces, 9?»c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool rules firm. Desirable grades are picked
up upon arrival and stocks are not allowed to
accumulate. But defective spring Is beginning
to drag. San Joaquin free.. Northern free and
Foothill free are out of market. New San
Joaquin LambsV Is firm at the. quotations be
low.- . "* -•
Both dry and wet salted 'Hides are reported
in good . demand and . * Pelts are quoted very
strong. : Tallow rules firm, with sales of extra
good lots up to 55£c. Horse Hides are In larger
supply and weaker. .
Hops have lately been showing less strength,
both here and up North, owing to the advance.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Special cable and tel
egraph advices to Bradstreet's show the fol
lowing changes In available supplies as com
pared with last account:
Wheat — United. States and Canada east
of Rockies, decreased 1.766.OCO bushejs; afloat
for and In Europe decreased 1,300,000 bushels
Total supply decreased 3,006,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada east of
Rockies, increased 1,685,000, bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, " east of
Rockies, decreased 101,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
MlllstuffH show considerable revision, new
price lists having been issued yesterday. Prices
of most descriptions . are higher owing to the
increased cost of the raw materials.
« FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4* 40©
4 65 usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 30#
$4 40; Oregon and Washington: $3 70@4 per
bbl for Family and $3 7004 20 for Bakers'.
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Four, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Fa
rina $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $6 75<@8 60; In sacks, $0 25@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. sept.
Opening « 6»; 6 3 r
¦Closing 6654 6 354
PARIS. "
Wheat— July Nov.-Feb.
Opening 25 15 22 *5
Closing 25 20 22 60
Flour —
Opening...; 33 75 30 C5
Closing 33 75 30 65
Foreign Futures.
A fair business In new Apricots at the quo
tations is reported, but aside from this there
Is little or nothing doing In new Fruits. The
general feeling is firm, however, and growers
are less disposed than usual at this time of the
year to let go of their fruit. New Honey con
tinues nominal, owing to Insignificant receipts.
FRUITS— New Apricots. 7&8c; old Apricots.
•i 1 jii7Vic for Royal and TUftc for ordinary
Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4®5i£c; sun
dried. 3<5i4c: Pcachea. 4g5Vic: Pears, 4@4^c
for quarters and 5fi*i\aC for halves; Nectarines,
405c for white: Plums. 4®6c for pitted and
lglJic for unpltted; Figs, 3%®4c for black
and 4i&5c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%(g)2*<lc for the four
sizes, with premium for the large sizes.-
RAISINS— 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb boxes. 554c per
lb; 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 6c; Se*dless, loc&e
Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 554c; 2-crown London Layers. 20
!b boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. $2: 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes. $2 50; tS-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes, $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, faacy.
1-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, 75aC.
' NUTS— WalnuU. No. 1 softshell. 125i@13c;
No. 2. 10tiO115ic; No. 1 hardshell. 1154©12c;
No. 2. 10©lOVic: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
105-iSllc for I X L. 10@10y 2 c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and S'SsVic for Languedoc: Peanuts. 5«£7c
for Eastern; Pecans, 11013c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12013 5?c for bright. 115ic
for light amber and 10c for dark: water white
extracted, «&'7 l ic; light amber extracted. 5>».'jj>
0c: dark. 4®4%c.
BEESWAX— 2<5<g2Sc p«r lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady. Creamery, 16@20c; dairy
14«i@18c. Eggs, steady at mark, 12014c
Cheese, steady, 10@ll^c.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 36.200 20.100
Wheat, bushels -29,000 195,400
Corn, bushels.... 376,200 504,400
Oats, bushels 376.200 235.700
Rye. bushels 18.100
Barley, bushels 37,000 1,800
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
steadier; No. 2 spring* wheat, 77Q79c; No. 3.
75078c; No. 2 red, 77%@70c; No. 2 corn, 52®
52VjC; No. 2 yellow. 52V*©52i.So.; No. 2 oats.
41«/<c; No. 3 white, iiSli^Hc; No.'2 rye, 50%®
51c; good feeding hurley, 40^43c; fair to choice
malting. 47©51c; No. 1 flaxseed. 08c; No. 1
Northwestern,' $1 01; prime timothy sed, $3°45;
mess pork, per barrel.. $15 20@15 25; lard, per
100 lbs, $7 75©S 05; short ribs sides (loose). $8 30
fiS50: dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7 87Vi©S;
short clear sides (boxed). $S75®8 87H; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, contract
grade, $11 50® 11 75.
COAL OIL. — Water Whtte Coal Oil In bulk.
14c: Pearl CHI In cases. 20Vic; Astral 20%c:
Star. 20}4c: Extra Star, 24V, C ; Klalne ZS^c:
Eocene. 23*ac: deodorized Stove Gasoline, irx
bulk 17c; In cases, 23Vjc: Benzine.' in bulk.
13c: In cases. 10 Vic; Rrt-degreo Gasoline in
bulk 21c: In eases. 27*ic.
• TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon In cases and
64c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 83
GY«c per Ib; White Lead. CSefic. accordlne to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44 50<S46 for local use and
$43 5O per flask for export. . •
SALT — Th# Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. JUfTlii:
Bales common $1 DO; Dairy per ton. $13 25:
Half Ground. $12 25@12 75; Rock Salt. $10 itya
12 25; Imitation Liverpool. $13 25<§14; Granu
lated. $13 2MiU per ton.
. SUGAR — The "Western Sugar lieflnlcsr Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.<t5c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.3Oc; Confectioners' A.
5.40c; Magnolia. A. 5c; Extra C. 4.9Oc: Gold: n
C 4.S0c; "D," 4.70c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
5.00c; boxes. 6.15c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Th*. following retail prices were
adopted April 10: Pine, ordinary sizes. $2H>
25: extra sizes higher; Redwoe>d. $23&30; I^ith
4 feet $.: 50: rickets. $21: Shingles. $2 S5 for
No l'and $2 for No. 2: Shakes. $11 for split
and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $38346.
Guatemala and Mexican — ll©14e for primp
to fancy washed. l0U@10*ic for strlctljr good
washed. 9$i(&10*ic for good washed. S«3c for
fair washed. « 1 -iiW | 7V;c for medium. 4 / ?8c for
inferior to ordinary. 9®10*5c for fair to prime
washed peaberry. &&8«4c for good to prlm«! un
washed peaberry. 7&Sc nominal for good tt> su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20«32c- extra
heavy. 3G@40c per lb: medium 27«29c: light.
24®2Cc; Rough Leather. 2C@2Sc: Harness
Leather, heavy. 35®38c for No. I and ZfiGSZe
for No. 2: medium. 30(g37c: light. 20«35c:
Skirting. No. 1. 40042c; No. 2. StVJ^iSc- Colla-
Leather. 15^;ltJc per foot: Trace Leather 40tfl>
44c; Kip, unfinished. 40<S50c per Ib; Veal fin
ished. 5C5g60o per lb: Calf, finished, «3cft$l per
lb; Wax Sides. 16<?17c per foot: Belt Knlfj
Splits. 14'«lt!c; Rough Splits. sfflOc per Ib
TANBARK — Ground. $25@2S per ton; stick.
$13 50@16 per cord.
OIL — Unseed. 51c for boiled and 49c for rair
In barrels: -cases. 5c more; Castor ' Oil In
cases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers* AA. $1 1001 12;' La
col. 46c for boiled and 44c for raw in barrels:
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels 9Qc:
cases, 95c; China Nut. 57>4fi«2c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 73c: cases. 80c;
Sperm, pure. 70c; Whale Oil, natural white.
60<g55c per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrels 45c:
cases. 50c: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for
Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
Nicaragua— 11 %i<8 13c nominal for prime to
fancy washed. 8@10c nominal for fair to strict
ly good washed. 7@7^c for good to superior
unwashed. 7»4*i8c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Salvador— llig 12c for strictly prim* washed.
O'SlO^ic for good to prime washed. 7»i@8c for
fair washed. 9'SilO^ic for fair to prime washed
I-eaberry. »SS>ic for good to prime semi
washed. 7%©Sc for superior unwashed. 7!57i;o
for good green unwashed. 7*i®8Vic for good ta
superior unwashed peaberry, 4§ 6c for inferior
to ordinary.
1X)FFEE— Costa Rica— I2mrl4e for strictly
prime to fancy washed, lltjiftl^c for prima
washed. lO^jftllc for good washed. I O® 12c for
good to prime washed peaberry. O^lOijc for
good to prime peaberry, OVj'SlO'ic for good to
prime, 7ii®8Vjc for fair. 4^«g»7c for common to
ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, »tic:
cases, regular. 5c; cases, extra targe. 5\«c;
Eastern style, 6c; boneless. 6c; "Norway." rtc;
"Narrow Gauge." HUc: "Silver King," Ti^c;
blocks, ••Oriental." 6c: blocks, Seabright. 6'»c:
tablets. 7c; middles. "fSSVjc: boneless. 8@5c;
pickle.1 Cod, bbls. $7 50; pickled Cod. half
bblsr ?4 75.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Seattla, $« BOi Bryar.t. ?« 50: Roslyn,
$7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; WalHend.
$7 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $1.". In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Egg, $13: Welsh Lump. $11 5li; Cannel, $c< 50
per ton; Coke, $11 50@13 per ton in bulk and
$15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
CORDAGE— Bale Rope is higher. The 1/cal
company quotes as follows. «o days or YJv?r
cent discount for cash: Manila, 14V,c: bi»al,
11H<?: Duplex, 10H;c; Bale iiope. ll@mi c per
pound.
Good large Hogs continue in iisht supply
and firm. whi'.» there are more small and lour
Hogs here than the packers can take, care c:.
•Quotations stand as before. Beef and Mutton
show no «hangc. Lambs on foot aro higher,
owing to the shortage in cars, which is hin
dering the Importation of the large rioefcs ta
Nevada waiting for transportation to this mar-
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale- rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6^tj7Uc for Steer* and 5«i$^aC per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7«Sc: small. !>1J<Hic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SS'Jc; Ewe». 8ft* l »o
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, ICfclO^c per lb.
POUK — Dressed Hogs, S l i'&0»ic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, sraitr; Cows and Heiier».
768c: thin Cows.. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — »@5i-,c per lb (gross weight).
SHEKP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. jSH&raC per 1»
(gross weight). ; - ,.
LAMBS— Spring. $2 73^3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 21X> lba. t.'»i!> L »^
under 140 lbs. 5 1^'§6c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boxrs. 50 per cent off. snd Stags, 40 p«r cent
off from above quotations. | -.\ :
General Merchandise.
HAGS— Grajn Bass; .Vg5'ic Fan Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 323?3Tk-: Fleece Twine, »»»«
8c: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6i*c «^*-* and « l 40 for
the three grades.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners* Association announces the following
price Hat for 10O3 pack:
5 I 3 I I
FRUITS. 3 2- 2 .»
a 5 ~ :
? r j 1
Apples !$1 5.V;Sl SO!$1 20 SI 1O
Apricots I 1 oO! 1 20j 1 10) I 0ft
Blackberries 1 ttO 1 »0| 1 30; 1 2t>
Cherries. R. A... 2 15 1 9O I 7o| 1 4i»
Cherries, white 1 75 1 m\ 1 UT»
Cherries, black 2 OOi 1 7.%' 1 «k»i 1 35
Grapes 1 35 1 201 1 lOj 1 0*>
Yellow Free Peaches... 1 «» 1 3o| 1 15 1 0T>
t#mon Cling Peaches.. 1 75 I 43! 1 20 t lt>
Do sliced t 7.'.j 1 45 t 2f>{ 1 lt>
White H"th. Peaches... 1 JI! 1 43 1 20' 1 li»i
Pears 1 *>t>| 1 CO 1 Soj 1 15
Plums 1 ::."> 1 1-". 1 •>.">: 95
Raspberries 2 SOl 2 251 2 10! t 9i>
Strawberries 2 00] 1 75| 1 6o| 1 4(*
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
No. 2 Wheat —
July (old) 78U 79 7.» 4 (9
July (new) 7H 79, 77^ 7.1T4
Sept. (old) 7«Vi "7% 7CV; 7iJ»
Sept. (new) 76- 77% 75»i .7->i
No. 2 Corn —
July 51 ¦ M*i 50*; 51 %
September 51% *2% 51*, 52^
December 50U 51ft 50ft 61%
No. 2 Oats —
July 40U 41U 40}, 4Ui
September 35 35 V 35 38ft
December 35^ : 35»4 35% 35%
Mess Pork, per bbl — • \
September 15 «5 15 75 .15 50 15 50
July 15 20
Lard, per 100 Ib3—
July S 05 8 05 7 95 7 05
September * 25 x ;;o s 12^4 8 12«i
October 8 12V4: 8 12V4 8 00 8 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July s 00 8 KJ14 8 52«4 8 52^
September 8 65 8 70 8 52% 8 S2Vi
October 8 40 8 40 8 25 8 25 .
« 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 7—5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
, STATIONS. ft Sg 1| || fi ?
: S ? : i P
; o o ;
r * . . • . \
B& ker 30. O* «4 3D S\V Cloudy ioo
•arson afl.84 72 34 W Clear .00
Eureka ::0.<i6 66 \H \\ Cloudy .00
F>*»no 20. st fc«S 54 NW Clear .Oi>
Flagstaff 20.74 SO A0 SW Clear .00
Independence 2J».72 S2 56 SE Clear .00
I»>s Angeles.. 29. n4 7« «2 BW Clear .00
Mt. Tama!pais2a.!H 64 4fi \V Clear .00
North Head 50
Phoenix ,. 20.C6 104 7R XV Clear .00
Pocatelio 2!>. n» ro 40 W near .<*)
Portland Mt.GO 7O &« NW Clear .01
Point Reyes.. 29. 02 .V} 4K NW Clear _f0
R«d Kluff 2W.S4 «S 58 SE Clear .00
Roseburjr 20.1W1 74 50 NE Clear .04
Sacramento . .2O.StS ' 84 • 54 -S Clear 00
Salt Lake .-. ..1^.3(1 70 4K . NW Clear .«>
Han Franci«-o2tt.!>4 H4 50 W * -• ' Clear .f0
& XL Obispo. .29.04 74 40 NW Clear .CO
San Diego ...29.«* 70 m NW Clear ... .CO
Seattle SO. 06 tS 54 NW Cloudy .10
Spokane, 30.O2 08 .10 N Pt Cldy .04
Tatoosh ::0.<te fl2 52 W Clear .(K)
Walla Walla. 2!>. 98 72 52 S Pt Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca .29. SS 72 32 NW Clear .00
Yuma ...2a. 66 104 78 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope
except partly cloudy In the northeastern por
tions of Oregon and Washington. Light rain
has fallen in the ? astern portion of Washing
ton and Western Montana.
The pressure has fallen over the plateau re
gion and risen along the, Pacific Coast. \
The temperature has risen over the Interior
of Northern California. Nevada. Oregon and
Idaho. It is still slightly below the normal
over the Pacific Slope.
A wind of 40 miles per hour from the south
west is reported from Modena.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, July S:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday;
warmer in the interior; fresh southwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday;
fresh west wind. ¦ •
Nevada — Fair; warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster, Temporarily in Charge.
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time. San Francisco, July 7:
<¦;¦. K Eg » » ~O <
stations. 33a 3 §- 3 :-:«
c c " • •¦*.;.
• a.o • ; •
'' • V9 • # • •
: ; r: :' : :
Colusa P4 52 Clear ....* ..
Eureka .VJ 48 Cloudy W Lt.
Fresno 88 54 Clear NW Lt.
Hanford 89 50 Clear .... ..
Holllster W> 40 Clear WV ..
Independence .. £2 5« Clear SE» 14
King City S7 42 Clear W Fr.
Llvermore .... M 45 .... Clear ..
Los Angeles.... 78 C2 Clear SW 10
Napa 83 47 Clear S
Newman 94 52 Clear
Palermo M 47 Clear S
Portervllie 8tJ 49 Clear NW ..
Red Bluff fH 5S Clear SE Lt.
Riverside 87 52 Clear
Sacramento . .. M 54 dear S • Lt.
Pan Diego 70 flO .... Clear NW 12
San Francisco. «4 5<> .... Clear W 24
S. L. Obit po. . . 74 4tt Clear NW «
fianta Rosa 82 55 Clear .... ..
Stockton W r<9 .... Clear .... I..
Ventura 74 54 Clear . . . . J. .
Willows &6 56 Pear 8 v ..
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willows — Weather conditions favorable for
all crois.
Hollister — Grapes are doing well, with pros
pects of a large crop.
Riverside — Grain crop about one-third har
vested: crops generally reported good.
Palermo— Fruit conditions unchanged.
Newmm— Tnlrd crop of alfalfa being cut. ;
Livermore — Wheat heading beginning.
Stockton — Apricots at height of. harvest;
quality good. ¦ •
Hanford— Prospects of large crop: shipping
apricots; wheat, fine quality, fair yield.
Colusa — Late-sown wheat ripening slowly;
fruits all doing nicely; plums In market.
Ventura— Apricot drying In full blast; fruit
good quality.
Santa Rosa— Local canneries running on
apricots.
Napa— All crops doing well.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Somo spot business
has lately been done at 17s 6d, usual Euro
pean options. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage" of 25.500 tons,
against 21,670 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 77.260 tons! against 20,470;
on the way to this port. 397.464 tons, against
2C8.C50.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm
with higher futures, though the crop advices
wore favorable, owing to better weather.
Bradstree.t's gave the world's stocks a de
crease of 3,O«J,0C0 bushels.
Chicago advanced about 2o. with the South
west good buyers. Minneapolis wired: "Good
cash demand, with the millers taking every
thing" in the way of Wheat." Winter Wheat
threshing returns were disappointing every
where. The Northwestern crop was also dis
appointing, except In Manitoba. The Red
River Valley was reported parched, with a poor
yield expected.
This market was- very firm; with an ad
vance in most descriptions of cash wheat, and
higher futures.
New Wheat, $1 35igl 37 »4 for shipping and
$1 40@l 45 for. milling. • ;
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $l'40@142K; California
White Australian. $1 50® 1 52«4: Northern
Club, $1 40@l 42&: Northern Blue Stem,
$1 4S%©1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 A1V,.
.FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 37# $1 38% ?1 37^ $1 3Sft
.'2 p. m. Session. •
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$137% $1 3S $137% $138
BARLEY — There was less demand yester
day and buyers hold off. though the feeling
continued steady and quotations showed no
change. Some sales, both spot and to arrive,
were reported, however.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. new. $1 02H@l 05: new shipping,
$1 10@l 15: old Brewing.' $1 15#l 20; Cheva
lier, $1 15@1 30 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session !• to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. I*ow. Close.
December 0»c 9«%c 91c 04%c
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December 94c U4c 93%c 93*,c
OATS — The feature for yesterday's market
was the announcement of the largest Govern
ment order for several years. It was said on
'Change that the Government wanted 2000 tons
of Red Oats at once, 50,000 sacks -more In a
fortnight and 100,000 sacks more within sixty
days. If this order is realized it ought to pro
duce a very good feeling In the local market,
for such orders do not grow on every bush.
Prices show no change, but the feeling is
naturally firm and sales ere at full figures.
New Red. $1 10@l 18% per ctl. S
Old crop — White, $1 l"H@l 25: Black.
$1 O7',i!gl 10; Red, $1 10&1 15 for common
and $1 17Mi®l 22Vi for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — The feeling In the West Is very firm
and Chicago was still higher yesterday. This
market continues slenderly stocked, with hardly
any samples showing on 'Change, and quota
tions rule steady to firm.
California, larse- Yellow, $1 25@l 27^;
small round do. $1 40ffll 60: White. $120®
1 30; Egyptian. $1 40@l 45 for White and
$1 20©l 22^ for Brown. .
RYE — The market Is unchanged at $1 10®
1 15 per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75g2 per ctl.
W heat and Other Grains.
The weather during the week was nearly
normal and generally favorable for all crop*.
Grain harvest is progressing' rapidly and
thrashing has commenced in come place*.
Wheat and barley ar«. yielding heavily. • and
the Krain is reported of superior quality. • Hay
haling continue*; the croy is heavy and of
rood quality, hucar boeU and beans are mak
ing satisfactory growiti; bee-i factories have
commenced operation* In Borne plact*. <^orn,
potatoes end vegetables are doing well. Wal-
SOUTUERN CALIFORNIA
rr.aking good growth. Stock are healthy and
In good condition. Plenty of water in- the
Clear and warm weather prevailed during
the week. High winds prevailed generally
Thursday, with sandstorms in the central por
tlr>« cf the valley. The wind caused consider
able (*.:. ri.».cf- to the grain In the northern por
tion of the valley. A large amount of grain
«at destroyed on Union Island by lire on. the
id. Grain harvesting continue* and the grain
Ifc being rtored. Fruit is ripening rapidly.
Apricot drying is progressing. Tragedy prunes.
«"!yman plume and some early peaches are be
ing marketed. Alfalfa and cummer crops ire
Warm weather prevailed during the week.
High northerly winds caused considerable dam
age to grain and deciduous fruit*, but grapes
and citrus fruits were not injured. Fires de
stroyed several hundred acres of grain and
much other property. Harvesting and thrash
ing ere progressing rapidly. In some sections
rarlv wheat is reported light and cf poor qual
ity "and late wheat is very light in all sec
tions. Barley ia of good quality and the yield
about average. It is reported that the yield
<-f wheat end barley will be materially dimin
ished as a result of the high northerly winds
and extensive fires. Hops In Yuba County show
home improvement since last report. Apples,
, <er> apricots, peaches end plums were seri
ously injured in many places by the high winds,
reports from some sections 6tating that the loss
w ill be SU per cent. Fruit trees were not badly
damaged. Grapes and citrus fruits are In ex
cellent condition.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
Warm, dry weather prevailed during the
week, causing rapid maturing of fruit and
train' In iianta Roe* on the Cd the maximum
temperature was 102 degrees, said to be the
highest ever recorded. Strong northerly winds
i:»jured ripening fruits In some sections. Field
»nd (..rest fires ceused considerable damage in
Sonoma >'ap», Santa Clara and Santa Cruz
counties. Harvesting and thrashing are pro
gressing in Dearly all sections. Barley and
e'aily wheat are turning out very good, though
not up to average in some places. Late wheat
In some of the northern districts Is reported
•n better condition than expected and will yield
a light crop. Corn, Imps and potatoes are do
ing well. Hay baling continues. Grapes are
in excellent condition and will yield heavily.
Almonds at Cloverdaie have filled out well. The
•iamage to deciduous fruits by tb<? high wind
has not been definitely ascertained, but is
probably quite serious In eome aectlons.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
The following retail prices for Meat* are
Quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation:
BEEF — Prime Roast. lSfilSc; Porterhouse
Strak. lS^22'-»o: Tenderlrvin Steak 15«nKo;
Sirloin Steak, 12' 3 tilT>c; Top Round St<ak.
12'*c; IJet-f Stew. li»c; Corned Beef, 85310c;
Soup Bones. 4c: Soup Meat. OfflOf.
VEAL — Ix>in Roa«>t. l.'iSiftc: Shoulder Roast.
12 4^ 15c; Chops or Cutlets. 15^20c; Stew. 12 1 *
€il5<\
MUTTON— I^es: 12U<ai5e: Fcrequarter. *<$
10^; £tew. fcfeioc: Prime Chops 124<?lKc.
LAMP— Chop*. 2<V: Forequarter. 124$15c;
Hindquarter. -1HS2<K'; Shoulder Roast. lt'Q
12 'ic: Chops l.'-^il'v}
r-ORK— Roast. 12'vSlS.c: ChofM, liv^l 4 *.
These price* do r.ot cover the cheai>er grades.
'*¦*• it is imj>osjlb!e to quote regular prices on
thf ra.
Dried Fruit in AV:c York.
' Mail advices from New York »ay: "The
market continu** to «?h»w firmneff eti th» lead
ing descriptions, with a fair joMMnjt demand
noted, s^pet Prases ar<- firm. Mo'-V* of 00-7"s
ar* rciH>rt"d cloyely f*)\A, and m fono quarters
holders art refusing to pell uiiler 4 1 ,<*. Sizes
40-53* are quoted at t> s «c to 7e anl T.0-60s at
I.^ic. On the MO-lUOl up to ."'i** Is quoted. The
demand is fair for jobbing lots lor local ac
count and the tendency or values is toward
a higher basis. There is reported tomi 1 move
ment !or fxjKirt within the quoted range. In
:tutur<*s> lo^al latewt i* very lignt. Coast aJ
victb rej-ori torn- busings for expert in 1903
orop f-aiua Oaras on a ."J" f. **. b. four-stze.
t.asi* on a nine-point grading. This grading
is objectio&able to buyers here. In Currants
th«.rt ifc not«rd a continued firmness on the
fjiot. but quotations are unchanged. Pom?
holier., m-ort a fair jobbing business In cleaned
at inf:<5«- ng-urep, and on carton* sale* are noted
$t ti'*c for l-il> packaEPff For unclc-aned bids
of 5c en g<x>d-£:z<.d lots of Amalias have been '•
declined, it ie stated. In Apricr.ts ypot is in j
good jotobinir drmand. with 7%c to £'«c quoted j
on choice licyals an) up to liJ'-c on fancy in j
lT>-lb boxcfc. docks here are Bald to be mod
erate. In htandard srade? there is little move- j
ment at the moment. Futures are attract'.nR no 1
;r-.'-n*l. Off* rlnes of choice at 74c f. o. b.
::i Ij4?s are reported available, but buyers have |
if/ufred to •entertain offerings at present, j
'.'•¦aches arc quiet, with no change to note at i
the moment. U&istn* are unchanged. A little j
more Interest is reported in «eMM. with values
at 7'-ac to on choic* afd fancy
in 1-lb cartons. Sultanas are held at 7c to
>i:.c as to holder and pra^i". Valencias are j
.-! "adv. r.ith suppli*"* llglit. In Figs spot is in
fair r«;sje*t on both layers and bags of the
better qualities. In future sales new orop
:-ir.yrn*s are reported at the equivalent cf 4*ic
cost laid down duty pi>id. Dates are steady.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly repc.rt cf A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau. U as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Extremely hot weather prevailed throughout
the Htate on the I'd and lid. accompanied by
hUrh northerly winds in the central and north
'-rn •sections, with cooler weather at the clo?e
of the- week. Fires destroyed several hundred
rct*« of train in the Sacramento aad San
Joaquin valleys, and forest fires caused con?id
f-rahle damage In the coast reeion.
Harvesting, thrashing and hay baling are pro
gressing radlly in nearly ell sections. The yield
c.l grain and hay in Southern California is re
ported the heaviest for many years, and both
crops are of excellent quality. Early wheat
and barley are yielding fair crops In the cen
tral and northern sections and nearly average
in some of the district*, but fires and high
xvin4« have materially affected the crop. Late
wheat ie rej»orted in soruewhat better condi
tion than oxj>ected In witne of the northern
« oast counties, but the yield will be very light:
hugar beet harvest Is progressing. Hops have
made slight Improvement in the pa*t week and
will probably yield a fair crop in some sec
tions. Bean*, corn, fcxjtatoes and vegetables
are doing mell.
The high winds caused much damage to
rij-enlrig deciduous fruits in the central and
northern districts, come reports stating that the
loss will be fully one-half the crop. Peaches
and apricots are dropping badly in portions of
•he Santa Clara Valley. Fruit picking, drying
ind canning are projrreEzlng. Grapes and
citrus fruits were not damaged by the wind
und continue in excellent conaition. The out
look in cood for an unusually heavy yield of
raisins. ....
APRICOTS — 50©75c r*r box or crate: bas
kets from the river. 20@30c; large open box's,
75cfi$l; in bulk. $15@3O per ton.
PEACHES— 50@60c for small boxes, with
some fancy higher; baskets from, the river. SO
©50c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella. $2 50
©3 50 per crate; Watermelons. 10®30c each.
GRAPES — Seedless Sultana from Yuma. $1
@1 25.
CITRUS FRUITS— Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for round repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges, $1#2 50 per box; Seedling?.
$1@1 25; Valencia*. $2 25(82 75 for fancy. $1 75
fi'Z for choice and $1 25^1 50 for standard:
St. Michaels. $1 oWiH 75. Lemons. 75c6$l for
standard, $1 25©1 75 for choice and $2@'2 50
for fancy: Grape - Fruit, $1@1 25: Mexican
Limes, $5 ooiflii: Bananas. $1 7.".'a*_' 75 per
bunch for Central American and 75c@$l 50 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2@3 per dozen.
CHERRIES— Black. 75@S5c per box and 6@
Sc per lb In bulk; Royal Anne, *75$S5c per box
and 6jS$c per lb in bulk.
CURRANTS— $2«3 50 per chest.
APPLES — 50e«i$l 25 per box and 15$25c per
basket: Crabapples, 3Oro«5c per box.
PEARfe — Bartletts, $lftl 25 per box; Dear
born Seedlings, 40<g50c per box.
FIGS— Black. 25<#35c for slng!»-layer and 40
©COc for double-layer drawers; white, 25@Coc
for single-layer drawers.
PLUMS— Cherry Plums. 20@25c per drawer
and 40@50c for large boxes: other Plums, 35@
60c per box or crate and 25050c per basket.
PRUNES — Tragedy. 40S5Oc^ per crate and
35«tf50c per basket; other varieties. 6O@75c per
crate.
Condition In the Citrus market showed little
change. Limes and Fancy Lemons were In
fair request, but everything else was dull.
Navel Oranges were pretty well cleaned up.
STRAWBERRIES— $5®7 per chest for Long
worths and $2<fi3 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $1 50«i<! »er cliest.
LOGANBERRIES— $1 50®2 50 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50<gS SO per chest.
Receipts of deciduous fruits were ample and
tnere was a large amount of carried over stock
on hand. The local demand was steady and
there was a fair Inquiry for choice stock for
shipment on the Portland steamer. Receipts
of basket stock from the river were liberal
and prices had a wide range as to quality.
Peaches m small boxes were slow and weak
for the common run of offerings, .ut torn*
round and fancy, stock sold over the quoted
rates. Apricots In crates jfcere firmer, the
fruit beinK of better quality than that re
reived on the preceding day. . There were
heavy receipts of Bartlett Pears, chiefly wind
falls from the river, and the quotations were
obtained only for good, sound stock. Poor
stock v was hard to dispose of and sold down
to 25c per box. Apricots in bulk were in light
supply and ciean»d ud readily to the canners.
Some of the offerings were small and over
ripe. Ixmce the wide range in prices. Fancy
Gravensteln and White Astrakan Apples were
steady at $lfr*l 25 per box. but the market
was heavily stocked with trashy stork, which
moved slowly. Plume, Prunes and Figs were
in heavy sutply and generally easy. Cherries
were scarce and firm. Melons and Grapes
mov«>d off well at the previously quoted rates.
Nutmi'R Melons from Winters sold at $1 7.Vg'J
per box and Cantaloupes from the same place
at $2^2 50 per half crate. Berries and Cur
rants arrived freely and were generally easy.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Th« Hongkong Maru took out a treasurn list
of $^77,790. consisting, of $3930 in Mexican
dollars for Hongkong and" $373,S60 In fine
gold for Hiogo.
There, wa<r no further change In Silver or
exchange. ...
Sterling- Exchange, eixty days.. — $4 854
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SS%
New York Exchange, sight'....— 024
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 05
Silver, per. ounce- -— 52%
Mexican Dollars, nominal . ... — -414
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, July 7. — The sentiment in the
grain pit to-day was again bullish and prices
moved in an upward direction, September
closing 14©l*sc higher, September corn 1%@
lUc higher, with oats a shade higher.
Trading In wheat was active and the market
was decidedly strong, while higher prices were
realized. Commission houses were good buy
ers at the start and opening prices were steady.
September being V»c lower to 4c higher at
75 : )i<S'7yo. With outside markets showing a
big advance in prices and on the strength in
corn the demand soon became more urgent,
while the offerings continued small, which re
sulted In a gradual advance throughout the
day. The bullish sentiment was augmented by
the decrease of three million bushels In Brad
street's world's visible supply. There was a
slight recession late In the day, but the, close
was extremely strong, with September 14<gl%o
higher at 77%S774c a«er selllng-up to 77^@
77%c. The Hr.«t car nf new wheat arrived to
day and was graded No. 3 red. /
Notwithstanding the favorable weather con
ditions, bullish crop reports were numerous In
the com pit and caused a big general . trade in
that market. September option was especially
strong and closed 1%@1Uc higher at 52%®>
624 c
Oats were strong:, but the advance was not
as marked as in other grains owing to heavy
realizing by leading longs. September closed
a Fhade hlsher at :«iWi354c.
Provisions ruled dull and featureless with nn
easier tone prevailing. There was a decline
early on selling by outsiders and, although the
market steadied later on the strength in
grains, none of the loss was recovered. Sep
tember pork closed 30c lower, lard was off
lT4c and ribs down 224c.
The leading futurts ranged as follows: ¦
Chicago Grahi Market.
Retail Meat Prices.
Weather Report.
rioudy nights continued in coast section,
¦with clear days. The week wes somewhat
warmer, but no high temperature. Apricot
harvest is on; crop larger than anticipated and
better quality than usual.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
The crops on the bottom lands are much im
;roi r ed and making good growth. Hay harvest
is progressing. On high land pseturage Is
short, hay light and general condition of crops
poor.
EUREKA SUMMARY
nuts at Anaheim are dropping badly. Apricots
are said to be of better quality than usual,
but the yieM is light. Other deciduous fruits
are maturing rapidly. Grapes are unusually
thrifty and heavy crops are expected. Citrus
truits are in excellent condition.
CHEESE— New. 114S12c: Young America.
124@13c; Eastern. 16ii@17c; Western, 124c
per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 19©21c; store. 16f ISc; East
ern, 164£19c per dozen.
Dealers are again quoting Butter accordww:
to their Individual stocks. Those who are
lightly supplied are firm and asking full fig
ures, while those who are carrying large stocks
are offering their best creameries at 23c. Tak
ing the market as a whole there is no scarcity.
Cheese is steady and unchanged.
Eggs are doing better. It Is now easy to get
21c for ranch and 22c Is even belnc realized
here and there. Store Eggs are also higher.
The movement la fair, and . the market no
longer shows depression. Stocks are smaller
than of late.
Receipts were SS.300 lbs Butter, 1600 cases
Egg« and 7700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, first hands. 23«C4c;
dairy. 22g23c; store Butter, 17®2Oc; Eastern
ladle-packed. 19'g20c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON, July 7.— Consols, 92 13-18; silver,
Z4%d; French, rentes, 97f 80c: cargoes on pa«
f>n«?<?, quiet but steady; English country mar
kets. Bteady.
LIVERPOOL. July 7.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 64d@6s .7d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
cool. .
> COTTON— Uplands. 6.30d. . ' ¦
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, July 7. — Wheat steady, un
changed; bluestem,' 82c; club, 78c.
PORTLAND. July 7.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
75@tCc; bluestem, SOc; valley, 77@7Sc.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. July 7.— Clearings. $855,591; bal
ances. $121,915.
TACOMA. July 7.— Clearings, $271,569; bal
ances, $61,604. 1 . ¦
PORTLAND. July 7. — Clearings, $584,255;
balances. $8S,95S. . -
SPOKANE. July 7.— Clearings, $32i,000;
balances, $34,321. . :/.--:
Northern Business.
The third car of Western Poultry for the
current week was on sale and moved off fairly
welL The car consisted chiefly of Hens, for
which $6@6 60 was the ruling price. The mar
ket for domestic stock had an easy tone-ex
cept for fine, large, young stock, which was In
limited supply. Hens were very weak,- owing
to the liberal offerings of Western stock. Hare
and Rabbits were dull, the receipts being chief
ly of poor quality.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese.
per pair. $1©1 25; Goslings, $l@l 25; Ducks.
$3 50^4 50 per dozen for old and $4©5 for
young; Hens. $t 5065 50; young Roosters. t*(rp
10; old Roosters.. ?4 5O@5 50; Fryers. $4 5O@ti;
Broilers. $3 oO®4 for large and $2 60«f3 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for' old
and $1 75 for squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 per doaen:
Hare. 75c&fl.
Poultry and Game.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market, con
tinues quiet and unchanged with holders show
ing considerable: confidence, however, and
prime fruit is firmly held; Common. 4«5V4c;
prime. 54@5tfc: choice. «lc; fancy. UU@7ttc
PRUNES — Spot prunes are in fair demand at
3c to 7c for-all grades. . 1 . : • .
APRICOTS— Are firm ajt 7%@84c for choice
and ]04@l24c for fancy. ¦
PEACHES — Quiet, without- special feature.
Choice quoted at 7®7»/jC and fancy at 8iQ>104c.
NEW YORK, July 7. — FLOUR — Receipts.
37,144; export?. 13,487. Fairly active and
firmer- '
WHEAT— RecelptP, 19.500; exports, 15.955.
Spot firm. No. 2 red. 84%c elevator and 85%c
f. o b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 92%c f.
o b. afloat; No. 1 Manitoba. 81 4u f. o. b.
afloat. Options were generally firm all day.
making active advances on adverse Iowa and
Illinois reports, a higher corn market, com
plaints of heat In the Northwest, outside sup
port and local covering. The market closed
firm at lVi^l^c net advance. July. 83%ig>
S4?fce closed 8l?»c; September, SO'/tUSlTic
closed Sl%c; December, 80%@81 15-16c, closed
81 Tic
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Steady. '
WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw quiet; refined quiet.
COFFEE — Spot quiet. The market for cof
fee-futures opened steady at unchanged prices
to a decline of five points, following lower Eu
ropean cables. The market closed dull, net
unchanged to five points lower. Sales were
6250 bags Including July at 3.60c, August at
3.70c, November at 3.95c, May at 4.65c and
June at 4.55c. • v .
DRIED FRUITS.
Nvzv York Grain and Produce.
Meat Market.
ment of the season, and there la more dlspcsl- 1
tlon among growers to sell. Late n:atl advice*
from New York say: "A dull, dragxtcg market
was experienced, anil the undertone conttnuej,
easy. The advices received from tl.u coast in
dicated that In many Instances grovreva wera
becoming discouraged over the apathy «howa
by buyers antl were showing, more of a dispo
sition to make concessions In prices to effect
sales. Crop prospects on the coast continued
favorable, and New York State advices report
ed the outlook favorable for the growing crop;
in fact current estimates of the yield for this
country range from 230.000 to 25O.0CO bales.
Litest estimates of the EnglUh crup are for &
yield of 450,(iOO cwt, against Ull.OoO out last
year; and for the Continent S»00,ovO cwt.
against XOO.OCO cwt In 1!KC.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy saltM
Steers, 104c; medium. »H«i I'Kht. $4c: ( -"o«r
Hides 84c for heavy and N' ; »* for Usht: Staps.
7c; Salted Kip. S^c; Salte<l Veal. »4©l"c;
Salted Calf. 10!ic; «lry Hides. 17c; dry Kip.
14c; dry Calf. Jttc; Sheepskins, shearling*. 23'r?
•W; each: short wool, 40<j65c each; medium.
7(Xa90c: long wool, ?l'fft 5o each; Horse Hides,
salt. *2 75 for large and *2 5O for medium. S3
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
Jl 75 for large and $1 5l» for medium. $1®1 25
f.>r small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32'ic; dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American. Zle. Goat Skins— Prims
Angoras, loc; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35o; Kmall. 2Cc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5S5»ic per lb;
Nr>. 2. 4 41?4%c: grease. 3@4c.
WOOL — Fall clip — ban Joaquin Lambs*. 8®
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino. l<«!tJ20c; Foothill.
defective, lKglSc: Nevada. 12^ 15c; San Joa
quin. defective. 9gilc per lb: Southern, 9^
lie: Valley Oregon, fine. 17«18c; do. medium.
l«5@17c; do. toarse, 15Ql«c; Lamb*'. 15c
per pound.
HOPS— 18S20c per lb.
International Mercantile Marine common
Flock declined on the Wall street curb to-day
Xo * n i. making a new low record. The pre
vious bottom tirice was 5.
NEW YORK STOCK\LIST.
Stocks — ' Sales. J ych. Low. Close.
Atchison 24,700 »>M4 07 T 4 tjSU
Atchison pfd 4iM) l)2 a i 92> a U2ii
Bal & Ohio 0.000 StJ% S5»i !>5Ti
Bal & Ohio pfd 93U
Caw Pacific 1,800 12414 1244 124V«
Central of N J 100 lW^ 107 167
Ches & Ohio... 200 3.st,j 3314 3su
Chi & Alton IOO 26»i 26»i 2«jii
Chi A Alton pfd 60
C & G West 2,51"} l',t>£ 19«4 H)li
C & G West B pfd #¦.... 36^4
Chicago & N \V... 1,800 171 »i 170 170
Chi Term & T '.. .... 13U
Chi Term & T pfd. 100 24 24 23 ',i
C C. C & St Louis. 100 m Srt 85«
Colo So HM> 17*4 17*4 1"$
Colo So 1st pfd *. 67
Colo So 2d pfd. 27»4
Del & Hudson 178
Del. Lack & W 400 253 253 2524
¦ lx>n & Rio G 28
Den & Rio G pfd §3
Erie O.SOO 3l«-4 33H 33>4
Krle lft pfd 2,000 ««% 67T6 «73<
Erie 2d pfd 1.200 57b 56V 56^
Great Nor pfd 170
Hocking Val 1,100 834 ' S2 g.1U
Hocking: Val pfd... K<0 S91; $9^ %$
111 Central 200 134' 134 li?U
Iowa Ontral 100 2X'i 2.8'i 27 3 >i
Iowa Central pfd ...'. 41514
Kaii.-i City So 24
Kans City So pfd 43
I/->uis & Na*h 100 111 1; 111% 110U
Manhattan L 2.100 137 U 130vk lM*i.
Met Street Ry . . 122'%
Minn & St Louis... H0») S2% SO f^u,
Mo Pacific 18,400* 1O4 103 103ii
Mo, Kans & T 200 21?i 21*» 21«i
Mi». Kan & Tpfd.. l.tOO 494 494 49-
Nat RR of Mex "O'i
Nat RR of Mex pfd 40
N Y Central. 600 12H 1254 1254
Nor & West 3,300 67',* 66?i W,%
Nor & West pfd 8$4
Ont & Western 2.100 25*i 25U 25*4
Pennsylvania 10,000 125'4 125U 125'Hi
Pitts.CC & St Louis 72U
Reading 11,400 524 51 % J>2ft
Reading 1st pfd '.. 82
Reading 2d pfd 684
j Rock Island Co B.IOO 34% 33% ' Xt%
1 Rook IkI Co pfd... 1,100 73 724 72%
St I. ft S F 70%
St L & S F 1st pfd 73
St L & S F 2d pfd. 100 614 t>14 «14
St IxjuIs S W * 17%
St I>Ouis"S W pfd. 500 39»i. 39 % S9»4
I St Paul 12.700 152 150»i lolVi
1 St Paul pfd........ IOO 177 s i 177*4 174
So Pacific 2,500 514 494 49»»
So Railway 700 244 24 H 24^
So Railway pfd.... 400 89 89 8S4
Tex & Pacific... :... 29»i
T. St L & W 200 25*4 254 25 .
T. St L.s& W pfd 434
Union Pacific 11.200 82Vi 81% 814
Union Pacific pfd.. KS
Wabash 1,400 24;i 2t 24
Wabash pfd 2.600 444 43T 8 4374
W & L Erie 21
WIs Central ...... 100 20*4 -0*4 21
WIs Cent pfd... ..„ 414
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American 183
I United States 100 110 110 100
Wells-Fargo 190
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 27.800 534 52 4 534
Am Car & F 200 38^ .".<*4 38
Am Car & F pfd... 700 00 CO 89
Am Lin OH 10
Am Lin Oil pfd 33
Am Locomotive 23 •«
Am Locomotive pfd 200 90 00 t»0
Am S & Refln r 44%
Am S & Refln pfd. 700 93 ft:{ 9i>r;
Am Sugar Rettn.. 1,550 1204 lit* 119' 8
Anaconda Min Co. 500 S5 84 84
Bklyn Rapid Tran 3,550 58*4 C7% 57^i
Col Fuel & Iron.. 500 6t% 64 Ki^
Col & Hock Coal.. 700 174 1" 17
Consol Gas 191>4
Gen Electric 350 177 177 176
Intern Paper 700 15 14% 15
Inter Paper pfd (18
Inter Pump 434
Inter Pump pfd ¦ 80,
National Biscuit .. 394
National Lead ... 100 164 104 169*
North American .. • 200 S5» 8 S3 854
Pacific Mall 100 • 27 27 26
People's Gas 800 9»U f>?4 984
Pressed S Car 200 524 £24 f.2»i
Pressed S Car pfd SC
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 200% 2utf?4 208
Republic Steel 400 144 144 UVi
Republic Steel pfd. '. . 7414
Rubber Goods 224
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 78 77 774
Tenn Coal & Iron. 900 53 52% 52U
U S Leather 350 9 S% 8Ti
U S Leather pfd .. 150 85 85 85
U S Rubber 13
U S Rubber pfd .. 494
U S Steel 30.020 30% 294 204
US Steel pfd 8,000 81% 80% M)-ii
Western Union .... 300 84% 81 83«4
Total sales .....235,700
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FKANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 7.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 12,000 at
-+74; 6000 at 77.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg...lO64 Mexican Cent 4s.. 76
Do coupon lOtHi Do 1st inc 224
Do 3s, reg 1074 Minn & St L 4s..lO0'
Do coupon 10SV4 M. K & T 4s 97
Do new 4s, reg. 135 Vi Do 2d8 si
Do coupon 1354 N Y Ccn gen 34s 97
Do old 4s. reg.. 110% >•' J Cen gen 5s.. 1284
Do coupon 110% Northern Pac 4s..l01Vt
Do 5s. reg 102% Do 3s 72
Do coupon 102% N & W con 4s.... 984
Atchison gen 4s.. 99% Penn con 34s.... 9si;
Do adj 4s...... 9R% Reading gen 4s... 96
Bait & Ohio 4s... 1004 Rock Island 4s... 80%
' Do 34s »24 StL&I M con 5s.lllU
Do conv 4s lOOVi St L & S F 4s.. 004
Can Southern 2ds.lO5?i St L S W lsts... 91 *>.
Central of Ga 5s.. 104 *i Do 2ds... 70
Do 1st inc W)i S A & A P 4s.... 71 U
Ches & Ohio 44.slO4 Southern Pac 4s.. 87
Chi & Alton 34s. 74 .Southern Ry 5s.. 113
C, B & Q new 4s. 91% Texas & Pac l«ts.H5a.
C, M&St P gen 4s. 107 T. St L & W 4s. 74
C & N W con 7s.. 130% Union Pacific 4s..lO0U
C, R I & P 4s....lOlvi Do conv 4s.... 95fe
CCC & StLgen 4s 67% Wabanh lsts.. ...115
Chicago Term 4s. 81 Do 2ds 103«4
C0I0& South 4s. .89 Do deb B.. 7li'i
Den & Rio G 4s. 98 West Shore 4s... 108
Erie prior lien 4s. 96 Wheel & L E 4s. 90
Do gen 4a 84^j Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89 U.
Ft W & D C lsta.101 Con Tob m
Hocking Vat 448.104% C F & I ..... 57%
I, & X mil 4s 984 °'7B
BOSTON STOCKS AND "BONDS.
Money— - ¦ Mining —
Call loans 34044 Adventure .. 41:
Time loans.... 44S54 Allouez ......... 5%
Bonds — Amalgamated -. b.ii?
Atchison 4s 95^ Daly West A"
Mexican Central.. 75, Bingham 2«
Railroads — . ' Calumet & Hecla 445
Atchison 684 Centennial \&v s
. Do pfd 92% Copper Range.... 52U
Boston & Albany. 245 Dominion Coal losii
Boston & Maine. .103 [Franklin ni?
Boston. Elevated.. 142 Isle Royale... 7
N Y. NH &, H. '.. 189 ii Mohawk- ' 43U
Fltchburg pfd... 130 Old Dominion. .'.'.'. 13J?
Union Pacific 8l',» Osceola ... 551/
Mexican Central.. 21 Vi Parrot ........ ..21
'Miscellaneous — Qulncy 95
Amer Sugar 120U Santa Fe Copper! iu
Do pfd .1194 Tamarack . .... . .100 .
'Amer Tol A Tel. .132 Trlmountaln ' ... •.««.:
Dominion I & S.. 204 Trinity ......... 51/
General Electr|c..l76 United States.... 'iu
Maes Electric... 2« • Utah .......... "H-
Do pfd H3% Victoria •¦... ......' 4 .
United Fruit... ...1024 Wlnona ......,.." 8'i
D S Steel 294 Wolverine 07
Do pfd S0% , - I
fear that an unfavorable showing of earnings
was forthcoming th-s speculative
sentiment and prices " gave way • throughout.
The closing wal in consequence dull and easy.
The early ; firmness was due. «s much as any
thing, to the fact that yesterday's gold ex
ports failed to bring any selling pressure on
the market. -.The departure of gold from Aus
tralia for San Francisco and. the beginning of
the Klondike product counteract* d the Influ
ence of th* Outgo to Europe. The export of
Fold, hovua aroused slight misgivings,
while the demand for money for Immediate
u$e is so ti« bt. It is presumed any rise in the
money rate would check the gold outgo, but
in the present condition . further shipments
would not cause surprise. Satisfaction is felt
in all departments of the linancial world at
the letting out of the inflation in the cotton
market which went a step further to-day. But
it la not exivected that the curtailed demand
for cotton will revive in any degree until con
ditions in the market become more placid.
The weekly cotton report was distinctly favor
able and »a.» so far a help- to stocks. The
news of the corn crop was also highly favora
ble, but the rise In the price of corn detracted
from Its influence.
The news of the wheat crop was not consid
ered »o reassuring. The monthly report of tho
-Agricultural Department due on . Friday is
aw&lted for clearer light on the conditions of
the cereal crops. A break of nine points in
Standard Rope and Twine 6s was due to fears
that the Interest would not be paid. This,
with a break of 5% in United States Castlron
Pipe and of lees amounts in some other minor
industrials and the weakness of International
Mercantile Marine stocks on the curb were
unsettling Influences on the speculation. Not
much attention was paid to the late rise in call
loanx of 5 per cent, although the outward
movement of gold and a significant drop in
New York exchange at Chicago to lo cents dis
count may Indicate further demands upon New
York banking: reserve*.
The bond market was irregular. A feature
Is the sagging tendency of some of the high
grade issues. Total sales, par value, $1,005,
000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the lnst call.
CHICAGO, July 7. — CATTLE — Receipts.
1500; slow. Good to prime steers, $4 80©5 40:
poor to medium. $3 Wifil ffi: stockers and
feeders. $2 50(9)440; cows, $1 50@3 73; heifers,
$2 25® 4 45: cannen. fl 60ff2 75; bulls, «-'©
4; calves. $2 50<&5 75: Texas fed steers, |3 25
@4 25. " . ¦ • \ ¦ -.¦'•-.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 13.000; to-morrow,
20.000; left over. 3700. Steady to 6c lower.
Mixed and butchers, $5 70@5 80: good to choice
heavy, $5 70($5 SO; rough heavy, $5 40<g5 65;
light. $5 70^5 95: bulk of sates, #5 65(85 80. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000. Sheet, and Iambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 15^4 2T>;
fair to choice mixed. $3@3 75; 'Western sheep,
$2 r>O^t 15; native lambs, $3 fiO@6 40. .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
LONDON. July 7.— The fifth series, of wool
auction sales was opened to-day. Competition
was spirited and all grades .were in demand.
Scoureds were in good request for the conti
nent. • Cape : of Good Hope and Natal grades
were slightly easier. /Merinos and fine cross
breds were steady and medium and coarse
crossbreds showed an advance of 7i4@10d.
London Wool Sales.
ST. LOUIS. July 7. — Wool in good demand.
Medium grades. lS@21Uc; light flue. 16@lSc;
heavy fine, Ilgl5c; tub washed, 19ff29c. - %
St. Louis Wool Market.
;'>}:.: '.:. NEW YORK MIXING * STOCKS. -' '4
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 08
Alice 22 Ontario ........6 00 "
Breece 15 ' Ophlr ........... \f.^
Brunswick Con.. 0-1 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel ¦ 07 Potosl 27
Con Cal & Va..l 50 Savage 17
Horn Silver..... 1 00. Sierra Nevada. ... 70
Iron Silver...... 1 25 Small Hopes. .... 25
Leadvllle Ccn»... 02 Standard 2 50
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 92% N Y Central...".. 131 ',¦£
Cons for acct. .02 13-10 Norfolk & West., $*%
Anaconda 4M. Do pfd 83%
Atchison ........ 6OT9 Ontario 4 West.. 2fi%
Do pfd......... 9554 Pennsylvania .... 64%
Bait & Ohio 88Vi Rand Mines 1054
Canadian Pacific. 127% Reading 2C> 8
Ches &Ohio '. 29U Do 1st pfd . 42
Chi Great Weet.. 19% Do 2d pfd 35'a
C. M & St P 154% Southern Railway 24%
DeBeera . 20Vi Do pfd 9054
Denver &' Rio G. 29Vi Southern Pacific. 501*
MX) pfd fiSVi Union Pacific . 83J4
Erie 3t% Do pfd 9054
Do 1st pfd «»% U S Steel 31 %
Do 2d pfd 5SVj Do pfd R3&
Illinois Central. 137 Wabash- 25 ¦
Louis &. Nash.... 113*4 Do pfd 45H
Mis, Kan & Tex. 22 '/j .-.- . .'
Bar silver, steady, 24 %d. Money, l@i^c per
cent. The rate of discount In the open market
for short bill* is 25» per cent and for three
months' bills 2Vi per cent.
published, is over, for the. present, at least
Old Oregon Burbanks were well cleaned up and
steady. Onions were quiet at the previously
quoted rates, supplies being: plentiful.
There was a steady local inquiry for vegeta
bles, but prices of several descriptions were
lower under increased receipts. Tomatoes in
large open boxes frcm the river were quoted
lower and the top quotation for small bcxes
was obtained only on the best stock from Los
Angeles. «0c being about the top for"6fferings
from other sections. Green Corn in crates from
Alameda were in free supply ami easier. Peas
and Asparagus continued steady and cleaned
¦up well. Garden Beans were firm at the top
quotations, but the general run of. supplies
moved slowly at easier rates. Cucumbers and
Summer Squash were well cared for at about
the same prices. Green Okra and Egg Plant
were offering freely at easy figures.
POTATOKS— New White. 75cg$l 10 per/etl
in jacks and $1 lofjl 60 in boxes, with some
fancy higher; Early Rose, 00cfi$l 10; Garnet
Chiles, $1 2561 4ft; old Burbanks from Oregon.
$1 50@l 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— Red, 35<g45c per sack; Silversklns.
65i@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1«1 50 per
sack; crates frcm Alameda. $1 50@l 75. from
Ant'.och. $1; Asparagus. $2 254J2 50 per box
for extra fancy. $1 75g2 for No. 1 and $l@l 25
for No. 2; Green Peas, 3@4c per 1b; String
Beans, 3#5c per lb; Wax. 3@5c: Tomatoes. 50
(975c for small boxes and %\ 50(61 75 for large
boxes from the rlvtr; Summer Squash. 65Q7.">c
per box: Cabbage. 75c per- ctl; Carrots <50<S75c
¦per sack; Cucumbers. 40@50c per box for
Marysville and $1©1 25 for bay; Garlic. 25i@
3Vie per lb; Dried Peppers. Oc per lb; Green
Peppers. $1@1 25 per box: Green Okra. 20c per
lb; Egg Plant. 6<&7c per lb.
I8V5C: fine medium choice. 183il8Hc: staple.
lS@19c; .medium choice. . -ISO 19 He.
TH£ SAN -FH'AKGISCQ CALL, WEDKJSepAY, JDLY 8, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page ThlitMa.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Th?re was more ap
pearance of epeculative interest in to-day'*
Etock market. The fluctuations of the market
in the face of dullness seemed to encourase an
attempt to put up price*. There was no ntws
to account' for the point rise- in St.*-" Paul and
Missouri Pacific on professional operations.
Despite this not very striking demonstration,
-the market was but a colorless affair up to
the last hour and the volume of dealings
showed no appreciable Improvement over that
of yesterday. There was some indication of
a speculative contest In the last hour, in which
neither side gave sign* of any great strength.
The market had begun to sap off from Inani
tion, but stiffened again whvn a heavy stream
of United States Hteel stocks began to pour
upon the market. The common was Parried a
point under laet nleht. the preferred -% and
the second mortgage bonds suffered" to a less
extent. : Nothing waa known to the public at
the time of the showing for the quarter earn
ings, but the assembling of the directors or
the corporation to consider the report. The
Nczv York Stock Market.
j EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Spot tin In London
was 10a lower at £126 and futures were l"s lid
lower at £123. In New York tin was also
easier, closing at 27.50@27.75c.
The London copper market was higher, spot
there advancing 7s 6d to £56 12a 6d and futures
5s to £56 3s. Locally copper was quiet and
nominally unchanged. Lake and electrolytic
are quoted at 14@14.25c and casting- at 13.5O@
14c.
Load was quiet and unchanged In New York
at $4 1254. but declined 3 9 6d in London to
JE12 8s Od.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
SUMMARY- OF .THE MARKETS.
Local securities fairly active.
Xctv York stock market shoves little change.
Shipment of $377,790 in Specie to Hongkong.
Xo further change in Silver or Exchange.
Wheat firm and slowly advancing.
' Wheat Freight low with the port full of tonnage.
Barley steady at the recent advance.
Heavy Government orders for Oats on the market.
Corn in slender supply and steady. Rye quiet.
Beans tiW/ held, but zcith a quieter market.
Butter and Cheese as before quoted. Eggs higher-*
Fair business in new Dried Apricots at previous prices.
Provisions again lozi'er at Chicago, &:#' unchanged here.
Wool in good demand and firm. Hops zveaker.
Hides miking off nrll and Tallow steady.
Small Hogs in oversupply, but large stock scarce.
Beef and Mutton unchanged. Lamb higher.
Bale Rope marked up.
Xcz? Potatoes in lighter receipt and steadier.
Poultry in good supply. Game dull.
Deciduous Fruits in large supply.
Xezc prices for Millstuffs.
AUCTION SALES
ifc* £* £*>
AUCTION SALE. WEDNESDAY, JULY 9.
19<«. at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 Sixth st 20 head of young horses; also .
lot of heavy work horses harness, buggies and
wagons. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
fe fe fe
TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION— 2O head of all-
purpose horses; 40 sets of harness; also a large
stock of camp, express and peddling wagons,
at 1140 FOLSOM St.. 11 a. ni.THE SAN IBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,' JULY 8, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED MALE Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main 1191.
SPECIALS— SHIP TO-DAY.
OREGON— OREGON.
12 coal miners, fare paid, $1 ton.
FREE FARE.
20 coal miners: big wages; Oregon.
FREE FARE— FEE SI.
S. P. R. R. Co.' s Own Work.
BOO section and extra gang men all over the
State — north, east and south — on the different
divisions; call and see us; we'll tell you.
WILLITTS— FREE FARE— SHIP TO-DAY.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY— COME SEE HIM.
BUTTE CO. — CHICO — FEE $1.
25 teamsters, $75; 25 laborers, $67 50; 25
rockmen, $75; 25 woodchoppers and right of
way men, $07 60.
Fee $1 — Boss Here.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY.
12 rough carpenters. Senator Clark's new R.
R. to Riverside; long Job; $32 50 and found;
part fare free.
SPECIAL — We want a full night crew for
a large sawmill; boss here.
• 60 laborers, large mill, . Humboldt | County,
cheap fare, $35 and found; shingle sawyer.
$65 and found; 2 drag sawyers, $W> and
found, boss here; 10 laborers, mill, north, $4O
and found. TUOLUMNE COUNTY; 10 la-
borers, large mill, $1 50 fare, $2 day.
10 trackmen, electric railroad, board home,
$2 day.
MINES. ETC.
250 miners, hand work, some 8-hour shifts,
all over State. $2 to $3 day; 300 laborers, car-
men and muckers, all over, $G0 to $75; 2 fur-
nace men, $65; 4 surface laborers, good mine,
$32 50 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS— FARMS, ETC.
2 Iron molders, 9 hours, north, $3 50 day.
2 brick masons, long job, 50c fare. $6 day.
Dairyman, Nevada. $40 and found: farmer
and wife, north, $70 and found; milker and
wife, Colusa County, $50 and found; 5 farm-
; ers. $30 and found; milker. Dlxon, $35 and
found; 3 milkers, $35 and $40 and found;
choreman, $20 and found.
COOKS. ETC.
Cook, 10 boarders, $35 and found; bellboy,
hotel, city; 2 waiters, sawmill, half fare. $30
and found; cook and helper, city boardlng-
. house, $60 and found; cook, night, $15 week;
' dishwasher, $8 week, Eureka; 8 waiters,
$25 to $40 and found; dishwashers, etc.
Get a list of jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento st.
TRY our men's Ehoes. union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bl'lfr.
WANTED — Salesman for retail crockery store;
give references and wages expected. Box
25S5, Call office.
GOOD blacksmith for country shop; must be
able to ehoe horses and do general repair
work. 31 Beale st. '
TWO Al boiler- makers, out of town work;
standard wages; state last place of employ-
ment Box 25S9. Call office.
WANTED — An experienced salesman, retail
house for drapery and lace curtain depart-
ment; good salary. Box 2592, Call office.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. &
CO., 24 Sutter st...
WANTED— Kitchen boy. Bank Exchange.
southeast cor. Montgomery and Washington.
1 COOK and 3 seamen for British ship for Lon-
don this morning at Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
STRONG boy wanted. 1103 Market St., Odd
Fellows' building.
BOOTBLACK, steady, wanted. 202 Fourth st
WANTED— A good wagon blacksmith's helper
¦ at 31S McAllister st. ¦
WANTED — A man on cake. "* 516 Hayes st.
BOY bootblack wanted. 2 Summer st, off
Montgomery, between Pine and California
SHOEMAKER wanted for second-hand shoes.
Apply 102S Howard st
A GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing; steady
work. -2S01 Mission st.
lst-class barber shop for sale; 3 chairs, 2 bath-
rooms, laundry office. Ad. K.M.'.VacavlIle.Cal.
WANTED — Active young man as night porter.
C12 Kearny st
BOY about 10, packing dept; $4 start. Apply
PAUL RIEQER. 161 First st
$225— THREE chair barber shop; four living-
rooms; owner retiring. 229 Hayes st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. a Marine Corps, able-bod-
led, unmarried men, between 21 and 35; good
character; must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; marines serve at sea on men-of-war In
all parts -of the world, on .'and In our Island
possession?, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis st, San Francisco. Cal.; 222% N. Main
st. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal. , 1
A YOUNG man. reliable, energetic, experi-
enced bookkeeper, to take a position near
Folsom. Cal.; applicants must furnish first-
class recommendations; good chance for right
man. Box 1939, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters foivdltch and flume work.
Apply at office. PlacervUle. Cal.. or room 14.
26 Montgomery st, San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
WANTED — Steady, reliable ironworker famil-
iar with all classes of architectural iron-
work; steady work for right man. Address
Builders' Iron Works. Stockton, Cal.
WANTED — A young man, bright and steady
with experience in fruit and produce business-
good position and advancement to right par-
ty. Address box 2580, Call; state wages, etc.
.WANTED — Young «man who is a good corre-
spondent; prefer one familiar with mail or-
der work; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2568, Call, of flee.
BARBERS — Small shop In wholesale district;
will take partner; liberal arrangements to
first-class workman and steady man. Box
2582, CalPofflce. .
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months to complete, and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College, '635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
rui.s Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per weeK.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
.foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
YOUNG ' man • stenographer and typewriter;
state age; salary; references. Box 2576, Call.
WANTED— Barber with about 1 year's experi-
ence. 311 B st. San Rafael. Cal.
GOOD sewing machine operator to make awn-
Ings and tents. 1139 Mission st
WANTED — Boy to learn awning and tent
. trade; paid while, learning; 1139 Mission st.
WANTED — Locksmith or vise hand.. W. H.
QUTZMAN. 1706 Dwight way. Berkeley.
BARBERS — For sale, ' good country shop. Call
at 1547 Mission St..
•WANTED — Elderly man; light woodwork and
polishing. Box 1931. Call office.
WANTED—^Men to - learn barber trade: cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia.' HERMAN'S." 26 Steuart St. 1 --' ¦.-:
THREE laborers, pick and shovel; 14th ave.
,. and N st. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
600 MEN. to buy, new and 2d-hand army shoeu.
,60c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. BulIIs, room 40. Phelan
bldg. ' Past Com. : Geo. H.Thomas Post, G. A.R.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
' foot-form shoes ¦ at $2 CO; we pay. express or
' mall charges. 11 Third , st.. • Examiner bldg. i
HELP "WANTjBP— •MAf.E— -C«ii._
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and 636 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5818. PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45.CC0 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah, All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. ' Willlts, Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH,
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hand*, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc.. $5, $4, $2 50, $3, $2 50 and
FREEWARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY,
«34 and 630 Clay st.
INSIDE FACTORY WORK.
- 25 laborers, no experience required, north,
$75 to $00. T
TO-DAY— YOUR FARE PAID NORTH.
26 laborers, sawmill and woods work. $30
to. $80 and found.
TO OREGON— FARE PAIg.
23 laborers, mills, yards and wooas. $35 to
$90 and found.
TO BUTTE— MANAGER HERE. „
96 laborers and 4-horse teamsters. $6. 50
and $75.-
68 drillers and rockmen. $75.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
26 coal miners. $3 to $5 day.
TO LOS ANGELES— R. R. FARE PAID.
35 rough carpenters, manager here. $105.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc.. different divisions. Includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Oblspo, Milton,
Farmington Gllroy. Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit. $75.
FOR $5,000,000 BANKING SYNDICATE.
25 men among fruit, vineyard, orchard, etc,
$1 fare. $26 and found.
12 four-harse teamsters, haul hay, $1 fare,
$10 and found.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AND COAL.
96 miners, single and double hand, some 8
hours. $85. $00.
16 tlmbermen, different jobs, $30.
165 muckers, different jobs, $75.
364> laborers, no experience required. $fi0.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen, $75, $S5.
3(14 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$67 50.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work. Includ-
ing factories, excavating, buildings, mills,
etc.. $2 50 and $2 day, located in San Fran-'
cisco and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands, $1 60, $1 75, $2
and $2 50 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands, 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
96 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$40 and $50 and found,
lfihaybalers. 20c to 25c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
and $60.
2fi choremen. coachmen and gardeners, $10,
$35. $30 and *25 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
16 farmers- and wives, different Jobs. $70,
$60. $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, . mines, sawmills,
etc.. $S5 $f!0. $50 and found.
564 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
Posts, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
ft wagon and carriage makers. $3 50. $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs. $4,
$3 5O. $3 day.
0 machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare. $50 and found.
Printers: tinner, factory. S3 day; 15 coopers,
lie; 5 carriage painters. $90; 6 brick mold-
ers. $3 50 day; handy man about machinery:
plasterers. $5 50; concrete foreman, $120;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers. fare $1. $2 25
• to $3 50 Jay.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
57 cooks, all over California. $90. $Sf>, $75,
$60. $50, $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons harvest outfits, etc.
15 waiters. $35. $40 $30 and found.
36 pot and dish washers. $35. $30. $20 fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers $30 to $15 and found.
6 butchers. $40. $50. $60. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $1S week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $55, $40. $30 found.
12 boys learn trades.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
YOUR FARE PAID
TO S» SAWMILLS.
WOODS. YARDS. ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located In 4 States and 2 Territories.
869 laborers without any experience, $35 to
$70 and found.
67 men for planing mills.
16 full-day crews for woods and mills.
9 night crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150. $100, $90. $S0, $70. $60. $50. $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
BOY for our office: $4 50 week. MURRAY &
READY.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
IIORSES AND WAGONS.
RUBBER-TIRED wire-wheeled buggies — '
Wanted to purchase 1 or 2 buggies as above:
must be In good repair. Apply bet. 0 and
12 o'clock a. m. Thursday, Occidental Horse
Exchange. Third st.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOY. Gon-
zales. Myterey Co., Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
twagons. buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
TWO business horses and one 'camping wagon
fjpr sale; cheap. 736 Folsom gt.
RARE chance; 7 good horses; most be sold.
327 Sixth st. ' ¦
FOR sale — 38 head milch cows. JOHN SE-
CREST. Stockton, Cal.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send, for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HO WELL. 25 Post st
* LIVFRYi STAIILES.
•.OMKINSON'S livery stables, C7-59-61 Minna
St., bet. .1st and 2d — Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia, Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CATHERINE DUFFY. No. 128-416.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Return portion ticket reading San
Francisco to New York; name J. GRAHAM;
passage on ticket stopped by Southern Pa-
cific. Reward, Burlington office. 631 Market.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, at - . Central Bath
House, gold watch and chain with locket-
liberal reward ; no questions asked. Informal
tton at Call office.
— ¦ ¦ i_
LOST — Cream colored Scotch collie. Reward
for return to KREPLIN, 692 Geary st
LOST— In Oakland, a purse containing $5 green-
back. 4 diamond rings; $50 reward. Return
to 1221 Linden et, Oakland.
FEMALE St. Bernard lost June 28. Telephone
Page 6026; liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
' 3IEPICAL. ~
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed- 30
years' experience. 728 Post st, near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 10C8% Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thus specialist on female
complaints:, positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat
ea; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
DR. ROSEN. 2095 Folsom. cor. 26th— Ladles'
exclusive office and heme where relief is ob-
. tained.in all cases taken; consultation free.
Drs.- Goodwin. 733 Turk.- nr. Van Ness^ Exnert
in obstetrics, female comp.; 25 yrs exper'nee.
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE Con.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS; STEADY
WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
32% FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY,
82% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT' GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In 1 month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton st. nn. 13.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies at
, STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S. 107 Post st, S.
F.. Cal.
GOOD, reliable girl assist general housework,
plain cooking; sleep home preferred; refer-
ence. 30 Valley st., Guerrero cars.
WANTED— First-class upstairs girl • and
waitress; reference; car fare. Call between
1 and 3 p. m. at 1102 Van Nesa ave.
RELIABLE woman who understands stenogra-
phy and office work; $25 per month. Box
2598. Call office. .
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Ness.
YOUNG woman to do general housework in
nice, sunny flat. Apply 251)9 Howard st.
WOMAN past 28 to manage branch business;
"good opportunity. Box 2583, Call office.
YOUNG girl for housework; good wages.
Apply 18 Chattanooga st, near Twenty-first.
GIRL to assist general housework; small fam-
ily. 415 Capp st
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing. 305 Scott st. .
WANTED — A competent girl for cooking; small
washing. 1715 Broadway, near Franklin.
A FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted on custom-
coats; steady work; good pay. 533 Natoma.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for uien. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS !
HORST CO.. 122 Battery *t . San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole makers, also finish-
ers on vests. 230% Ninth st, opp. Clemen-
tina. ' ' '¦ * ¦ .
GIRL for factory work; good wages; steady
employment; no experience necessary; apply
at once. Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front st.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' waists;
steady work; good pay. Konlgstein. 28 First.
GIRL for light house work; sleep home. Inquire
immediately, 402A Francisco, near Powell.
WANTED— Neat, reliable German or Swedish
girl for second work. 1918 Jackson st
GIRL for light housework. Apply 732 Treat
ave., bet. ; Twentieth and Twenty-first sts.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
WANTED— Experienced bindery girls. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia at.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third st, near Call Bldg. Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
BOO section hands for Yolo Co., Monterey Co.,
Santa Clara Co. and all parts of California
and Nevada, $1 60, $1 .75 and $2.
NEVADA.
60 teamsters, fence builders, surfacing hands,
steel gang, tunnelmen and pile drivers. $2 to
$3 day. FREE FARE.
CHATSWORTH PARK.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
10 drillers, $2 25 a day.
* ¦ FREE FARE.
COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
25 coal miners, $3 to $5 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and- laborers, $35 and
board up; ship dally.
1 spool tender, $55 and board."
1 donkey eneineer, $50 and board.
2. timber fellers, $55 and board.
4 water bucks, $35 and board. . . .
2 lookouts, ?4(> and board.
12 men to grade road, $35 and board.
BUTTE COUNTY TO-DAY.
23 teamsters. $2 50 a day.
21 men to clear right of way, $2 25 a day.
2<J other laborers, $2 25 a day.
FEE $1. FARE $2 80.
Blacksmith, country shop, $3 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
CARPENTER %\ day; 3 blacksmiths' help-
ers. $2 and $2 50 day; shingle sawyer. $65
and found; drag sawyer. $«0 and found;
band sawyer. $90 and found; cash and door
machine man. $3 day; Ironers for country,
$35 and found; 5 men and wives for private
families, ranches and vineyards. $40. $50 and
$75 and found; laborer and wife to cook for
men. $)!5 and found; laundryman and wife.
$00 and found; farmers, $30 and found; 2
milkers, south. $35 and . found; butter
maker. $40 and found; boy for store. $0 week;
chore boy. for ranch; 2 Scandinavian miners.
$3 day; quarrymen. $2 25 day; coopers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. ..
COOK and wife, small place, $50 and found;
cook and wife, hotel. $60 and found; hotel
cook. $50; restaurant cook, country, $12
week; night cook, country, $35; porter and
choreman for resort $25 and found; waiters
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st. — Man to
take care of garden and raise poultry, , In-
stitution, country, $25; carpenter and handy
man around Institution,. $40 and found;
French boy, private place, ¦ ?20; cook, coun-
try, $50; potwasher, : $30; assistant baker for
resort, $30; French confectioner; laborers for
private park, $1 - a day. and found;, waiter,
$10 a week; dishwasher and help cook, coun-
try, 5.'l(i etc.
A ¦ BOY 15 to 17- years » for. soda fountain ; In
first-class store; must live with parents; no
experience necessary; see party to-day.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 351 O'Farrell st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12 —
Silver man, $30; cook, $70;, barman, $50; col-
ored waiter,, $32; stableman, $35.
EXPERIENCED delivery driver wanted; must
understand routine work of grocery and pack-
age delivery. Apply superintendent's office,
the Emporium. ¦ :
WANTED — Elderly man to make himself use-
; ful around the house; short distance in coun-
try, $10 a month and: found.* Inquire north-
west cor. East and Clay sts. • H. KRUSE.-
TR1 our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 cr orthopedic
. shoes. 53 DO; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
st. Examiner. building. 5 doors from Market
WANTED — Experienced dry goods salesman at
STRAUSS & FROHMAN, 107 Post st. S. F.,
Cal. .
"EMPLO YMEXT WAXTEP— FEMALE.' '.
A RESPECTABLE young German girl wishes
situation to . do general housework or second
work In nice American family; wages $25.
Call 434 Devlsadero st *
A YOUNG woman wishes work by the day.
Telephone MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants place for gen-
eral housework. Box 2501. Call.
GERMAN cook wishes situation In private
house; first class. Address 26 Turk et.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing and Ironing. 19 Sherwood, off Third.
SITUATION wanted for downstairs work; a
good cook; references. 22C8 Bush st.
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly jngagomentt;
can attend to surgical dreaelng^, rubbings,
baths and any care the sick may require.
Tel. Scott 3151.
REFINED colored girl wishes children to care
for; small or grown; speak some Spanish;
references. 815 Powell st. Phone Black 114.
EXPERIENCED young woman wishes house-
work In American family; good cook. Box
2523, Call office^
GIRL Just from Norway wants a position as
general houseworker In small family; fast
worker. 1355 Stevenson st
NEAT young girl desires a position as a sec-
ond girl In a nice family. Call 1110 Harri-
son st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation at
housework and cooking in family; no postals.
1407 Scott st.
CITY trained nurse wishes position in physi-
cian's office. Box 2572, Call office.
YOUNG woman with a child would like posi-
tion as housekeeper. 117 Milton st. MRS. C.
JAPANESE younc girl wants position at gen-
eral work In small family; speaks good.
Box 2579 Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The.
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLO YMEXT WASTED MALE.
RAILROAD construction, mining or similar
work by bookkeeper and accountant: I thor-
oughly experienced with rolls, time, supplies,
etc. Box 251K>. Call. \ :
GARDENER, first class, single, of long expe-
rience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wisnes a situ-
ation on a private place. Box 2522. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS cook and wife; best refer-
ences; country hotel or boarding-house.
1078. Call.
BY middle-aged man. work around house;
would milk 2 or 3 cows. Address W. H.
McM., box 2584, Call office.
YOUNG man (22) desires clerical position of
any kind; can furnish bonds; best of refer-
ences. Box 2587. Call.
GOOD job shop foreman carpenter or cabinet-
maker; 25 years' experience; tf years with last
firm. 27(i Hartford St., city.
A GARDENER wishes situation on commercial
or private place; good city references. Ad-
dress box 25i)4, Call office.
A YOUNG man (Dane), just arrived, would
like work In a restaurant as dishwasher,
liox 2600. Call office^
THOROUGHLY competent man wants position
as porter in wholesale or commission house.
Address A. R-. Call office, Alameda. ¦
FIRST-CLASS horseshoer 1 and general black-
smith wants steady job; state wages. Uox
2573, Call.
A YOUNG man with references wishes a posi-
tion with a responsible firm; cash security
given if required. Box 2575, Call. r
BRIGHT young man wishes position In good
business hous* to. work himself up; can fur-
nish best of reference. Box 2578, Call.
GOOD cook wishes a situation, hotel or res-
taurant, or night cook; understands his busl-
ne*s; city cr country. Box 2570. Call.
BLACKSMITH. Al, wants steady job. Address
box 2577. Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position driving single
team; wages $10 week. Box 2553. Call.
JAPANESE young couple want a position In
small family, man as plain cook, wife wait-
ing and housewortt; city or country. H. H.,
4 St. Mary st .
CHINESE first-class cook wants situation;
family of o; washing. LEE GUNG, 736 Sac-
ramerito Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
FIXAXCIAL.
INVESTMENT — Bonds paying 5 per cent, free
of taxes; secured by real estate certified by
truEt company: interest July and January.
Address I. J. TRUMAN. Call building. San
Francisco.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
told; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 PoU.
AN old established corporation, doing a large
and profitable business, wants $50,000 more
capital. Bex 2'»iiri. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-25'J Geary st, on
the square. i
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished; on Seo-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms. 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
JONES. 1707 — Upper flat; 4 sunny rooms;
pleasant location: marine view; $15. '
MODERN, sunny, corner upper flat 7 rooms;
rent reasonable. Jackson and Larkln sts.
FLAT of 4 rooms to let 251 Shipley st;
rent $10. ¦ .
TO LET — Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st. .
GREENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open..'
6-ROOM flat. Corner Church and Hancock sts.,
near Eighteenth.
FLATS TO LET — FURXISHED.
NICELY furnished sunny 7-room flat for July
and August: rent very cheap. 1953 Pine st.
FLATS FOR SALE— FUKXISHKU.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room flat Inquire
1458 Hayes St., near Baker; no dealers.
FURXITURE WANTED.
L. AND L. Auction Co., 1059-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
HELP WAXTED— -FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Hello Grant It5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Working housekeeper, German or Scandina-
vian, small country hotel, party here, $25;
2 waitresses, Kea Beach Hotel, Santa Cruz,
fare paid, $25; 3 more waitresses. Pacific
Grove, free fare both ways, $25; 25 wait-
resses, different springs, fares paid, $25; 15
waitresses, different country hotels, $25; 10
chambermaids, resorts, springs, city, country
hotels,. $2u-$25; fancy ironers, first-class
country hotels, free fare, $35 found; mangle,
girls, same places, free fare, $20 found;
laundress, summer resort, fare paid, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, houseglrU, second girls, nursegirls,
$15-$30, city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A MAN and wife, small ranch, country; see
party here 10 o'clock; $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 420 Bush st.
WANTED — Institution cook. $40; 3 cooks. $30;
housework. Santa Cruz. $35. fare paid; parlor
maid. $25; 4 second girls, city and country,
$25; nurse, child 4 years. $25; head nurse,
2 children, $3t>; waitress for mining camp, $25,
see boss office this morning; laundress. $35;
housework, San Rafael, no wash, $25; 8
waitresses, resort, fare paid, $25; cook, small
" restaurant. $35; chambermaid. <*>untry hotel.
$20; ' 40 housework girls, city and country.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A TRAY girl for hospital In city; wages $20;
10 waitresses for hotels In city and country,
wages $25 each. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st, near Powell.
A NEAT young lady to work part time, some
evening work, ¦ In first-class candy store;
change to learn; good wages. MRS. M. . E.
DAY, 351 O'Farrell. .
A LADY'S maid, $30; nurse, one child 4 years
old, $25; woman to take care of child, must
• sleep home, $20; laundress, $30; second girl,
25; houseglrl, $30. MRS.NORTON,313 Sutter.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 60; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week;, school day
and eve. 233 Geary,; r. 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, | massage, scalp
¦ treatment hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve.' class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market,' cor. Jones, r. 94.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO.,
656 Mission st >
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists;
good wages; steady employment 656 : Mis-
slon st. I. MAGNIN A CO. " - ¦¦/-.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear; steady position; good wages." I-
MAGNIN & CO., ,656 Mission st
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAlUfter ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<U5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street; open until 10 P- m.
22C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1CJW Valencia street; open until 9 p. a
f North we« corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky frtreets; open until 9 p. m.
22UO Fillmore Ptreet; open until 9 P- m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. aad fi
A. M— Called meeting THIS (WED-Vy
NESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. THEO. FROLJCH. Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. »
M.— Flirt degree THIS EVENING. W
July 8, at 7 MO o'clock. /V\
H. FORTRIEPE. Sec
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1G6. F. and A, e
M.— First desree THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. AA
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. ' '
MISSION Lodge No. 10SI. F. and A. M.— »
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third Je- /V\
gree. It. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
SPARTAN Lodge~rCc.T~125. I. O. O.
y.. will -.aw Installation THI S -•r'JrfS?5C c ?-
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING, July%*v<SKS^
8. Visiting brothers cordially in-
vlted. T. C LEARY, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge. No. 145. I O. "
O. F. — Special mceticc WED- --¦tofc&'^fc
NESDAY, July S. llKtt. Officers^^§SS?*?
and members are hereby notified / *3ft;2>^
that a rpecial meeting of above lodge has
been called for WEDNESDAY EVENING.
Jul" S. at 6 o'clock, sharp, for the purpose of
the public Installation of the officers for the
ensuing term. Memorial Hall, third floor I.
O. O. F. bulldlnc- Sojourning brothers are
cordially invited.
SIEGFRIED COHN. Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. F. ,^SS«'«« £ .
—Installation C. officers THIS 3Oj^3^^*"-
EVENING, July S; all members * : ->3'5^5J---
requested to attend; visitors wel-
come. L. P. WALDEAR. N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
ALL members of Tamal-
pats Camp No. 427, W. jj. """"""^yl
of W., are hereby notified jyffi y , "ijfK
to attend thp lur.eral of f^^ r tVn*W«»-iTJ
c.ir late neighbor. A. H. tisuSSsSi^-'
STEVENS THIS CWED- ' ¦*¦' "
NESDAY) AFTERNOON, at 1 o'clock, at
445 Valencia et., near Sixteenth: Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
J. J. McDONALD, Con. Com.
A. G. GILSON. Clerk.
REBEL Cork Benev-olent Society — The e^ftft
picnic committee of the above named vYXJf
Society will meet THURSDAY \WB
EVENING. July y. to niake further ccj&s?
arrangements for our coming picnic »^C»
to be held in Shell Mound Park on Sunday.
August 2. P. DEASY, Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secretary.
NOTICE to stockholders of The Bank of Cali-
fornia — Notice is hereby given, in pursuance
of a resolution of the board of directors of
The Bank of California, a corporation organ-
ised and existing under the laws of the State
of California, raised and adopted on Tues-
day, the 12th day of May, H«»<. at a regular
meeting of said board duly held at No. 400
California et., in the city and county of San
Francisco, in the State of California, the
t-ame being the banking- house and principal
piace of business of said corporation, The
Bank of California, and being the building
wher* the board of directors ot sail corpora-
tion usually meets — that a meeting or the
stockholders of said corporation. The Bank of
California, is hereby called for and will be
held at No. 4txt California et., in faid city
and county cf San Francisco — the same being
the banking-house and principal place of
business of Raid corporation and being the
building where the board ot directors of said
corporation usually meet* — on WEDNES-
DAY, the 15th day ot July. lf>03, at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon of said day. for the purpose
of considering, deciding and acting upon the
proposition to increase the capital stock of
said corporation. The Bank of California, and
to increase- it to the amount of three millions
of dollars.
The amount to which it is proposed to in-
crease the said cajiital stock Is three millions
cf dollars <$;:.0<io,o00).
By order of the beard of directors.
J. D. Rl'GGLES, Secretary of The Bank of
California.
Dated May 12. 1303.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF 1 THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be held at No. 400 California street the
bar.king-house of said bank, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of July.
l»03, at the hour of half-past three o'clock
in the afternoon of eald day. for the pur-
poee cf conFidering and deciding what dls-
pceition shall be ma£e of the new or In-
creased caoltal Ftock of raid bank that may
be authorized by said stockholders on said<
«Iay, and of providing how, to whom, when
and at what price and under what conditions
eaid new or increased capital etcck may be
Fold, ar.d for the purpose of authorizing and
directing the Board of Directors cf said
bank what to do in the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
•s President of the Back of California.
Dated July 1. 19C3.
NOTICE o? meeting. — The regular quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Cali-
fornia will be held at the banking-house. 400
California street, San Francisco, na TUES-
DAY, July 14, 19C3. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer books for the transfer of etock will
close en Tuesday. July 7. 1903. at 3 o'clock
p. m., and will reopen on Wednesday. July
IS, at 9 o'clork a. m. By order of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. S. Kerr, in Old Stiff Gravel
Mine, near Vallecita. Calaveras County,
CeJ., draining into Wades Gulch Creek,
which reaches Stanislaus River, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room Srtl,
Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal.. July
20. 1903. at 1 :30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20, l»03, at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board cf trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
THE only authorized life of Pope Leo XIII,
written with the encouragement approbation
and blessing of Ms holiness, by Mgr. Bernard
Orellly. D. D.. L. L. D.. who for eight years
lived in the Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pope; this distinguished American au-
thor was summoned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as his official biographer; ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbon*
and all church authorities as the only official
biography of the Pope; over Ktx> pages, mag-
nificently illustrated; unparalleled opportuni-
ty for agents: best commission; elegant outfit
free. Send 15 cents for postage to the JOHN
C WINSTON CO., 328 Dearborn st., Chicago,
——————— - _
Ileturned — Prof. Raymond; astrology taught:
horoscopes cast by mall if desired. 649 Ellis!
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
BOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.
nn. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills!
attachments, collections, etc; consultation
Jree; no advance charges; call or write; even-
ings by appointment TeL Red 3001.
ADVICE free— I will advance cort In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every ever.-
tng. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st. r. 3L
ADVICE tree; divorces a specialty ;qulck,qulot;
bo charge without success; established IS yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Halt's.
AITKEN ft AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. 603 California st. ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law C32 Mar.
ket st. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
caxes: cp<?n evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ke« «t.: ccngultatlon free: no fees in advance.
BUSINESS CHASCES. ~
$1000— SALOON on Fourth; g^od^location^navM
well. EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery, rm j 1.
DESK room; $10 per month. EDWARDS 131
Montgomery Ft., rooms 11-12. '
$900 — FIRST-class restaurant; Geary sf clear*
$100 no. EDWARDS. 131 Montg'y..' r . n*
?4iO — FRUIT Btore: has horse and wagon- lar~»e
trade. EDWARDS, 131 Montgomer. rm. 11.
FOR quick Bales list your property with ED-
WARDS, l.'ii Montgomery st, room 11.
FOR sale — Large restaurant; wholesale dls-
trict; good profit; lease. Box 258S, Call.
DAIRY with everything complete, including 21
young cows and 3 horses, wagons and all the
business for sale. Address or send orders
by mail to GEORGE PANAIOTIS. San Le-
andro, Cal.
$lOO0 — FOR tale or exchange for city real es-
tate, old lumber, coal feed business; long
lease. Proprietor. 2S 13, Mission et.
SI&CO WILL buy a cigar store up to date, well
ptocked; long lea»-e; transfer corner; rent
$32 50; fine opportunity. Address M. A.. Call.
' BAKERY and delicacy store for sale; must be
gold; owner going* way. 715 McAllister st
AN outride route for sale. Apply Call office.'
BIEDICAIi — Continued^
MRS D^ALTEN.'mrMarket— Reliable ladles'
M r P eciaiut:. Private home before and durln,
confinement; best_medlcal care, low fees.
nn and MRS DALIES and HINDOO HERBS.
D^rl|rni^me 9 thg| A of treatment. 1128 Market .t
DR. NO TOY KEE. 3l» Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLA* EU VS FOR SALK.
ROIT ERS engines. 2-hand machinery- McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont ,t
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunk*,
suit cases, on a very -mail weekly payment:
nn interest charged: it will pay you to ex-
amlne cut goo£. and price*: established 1S5O.
L?CI1TENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? t
Repair It with Elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no palaiing or coating: gouu over old
iron tin or shingles : best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold rented an. I
exchanged. See Sunday's papery H-S.W HITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-1J2 Beale at.
A FIVE suits $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 P. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $-¦; CO DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75, Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St. -
MOVING picture film and sons slides, 109
Montgomery st.
GA FES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. mattressea.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
•picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt.
BOILERS, engines, pumps. pipe. beltlng.shaf ting,
pulleys.etc. SUGARMAN BROS..549 Howard.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sixes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont it.
SAFES^ — New and second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ple-
turea. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St. ¦
MISCELLAXEOCS WA.VT9.
WANTED— Old pictures of Georsa Washing-
ton, Jefferson, Adams, Napoleon, etc. ; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture; by mail only. GEO.
L. GOODMAN, 21SOSutter st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Good buggy and surrey horse: stats
: age, color, weight and price. Box 2386. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.; tel. Red 3932.
" MO.NEY TO LO.Oi.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner ooilding.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. |
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamcnds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market at., tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people-, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid*.
A — 1 per cent on funlture or piano; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery ->t..rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market ; phone Main 810.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan- bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bouxht
at W. J. HESTHALS, 1O Sixth st.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture, 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery St., rm. 10.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81, « Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL ixSTRPMEXTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
3 Chlckericg $88. $97. $183
2 Emerson $95, $11S
2 Heine $233. $385
2 Steinway, small St large upright. $185. $3S5
New pianos from $137 up
23 Squares from $15 up
Piano Players. $90 up; rents reduced to $3
up, apply en purchase; Installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; t»L>
Main 5744.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$103; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BUT your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable, goods and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVA13
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st
A FEW good upright pianos from $S3 up, in-
cluding Sterling. Marshall & Wendell. Haines.
German, Everett. Sherwood & Jacobson and
others: easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON, 16-20 O'Farrell. No branches In S. F.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast, 273 CFarretl:
sklilful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-Dedal upright piano
at great loss; leaving city. 920 O'Farrell at.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per monta.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
BARGAIN; good upright; must b* sold aC
once. SCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. S
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st —
Steck. Everett. Lodwtg and other rood pianoa.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE with basement. belowTcearny^it.~$lfl[.
Owner. 636 Clay st.
I'ERSOXALS.
THE Twin Brothers Mine, situated in the west-
ern part of El Dorado Co.. has a 400-ft. tun-
nel and a depth of 14-'i feet, a ledge that will
more than average 5 reet: th« ore is good,
and to get money to place milling and pump-
ing machinery on the mine we will sell a few
thousand shares at 45c per share. 5c down
and 5c each month till paid for. For further
information call, for 10 days only cr address
J. M. CROWDER. 307 4th. r. 17. S. F., Cal.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED. "
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin. birthmark*.
smallpox pittings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine: special demonstrations this we*fc.
Call or write DR. L. WILHAM3.371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential; In plain, sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 1*01 Turk st. ; Bruce D. Klmmts. Mgr.
THE Star Hair Remedy restorea gray hair. Im-
proves Us growth; stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. StarRcmedyCo..385 Geary.
NOT bow cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day, j.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. DR. WILlI
IAMS CO.. 140 Geary st. S. F.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures ner-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave
corner Sutter st.: fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
¦Sunday evenlncs at Teutonla Hall. Howara
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments- 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week
Neuhaus & Ov. merch.tallcr».727-7a> Markvtl
ALL styles halrdreaslng, 25c; hair goods; mant-
curing 25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton^t.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress nant3 $" 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu," SnS pup^nt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traver»e.ll70Markeu
MASQUERADE costumes, play*" book^ wisr^T
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
A^r. R^ D H M ' S , EBy . ptUa H'nna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all drusxisu.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.'
1 100 ROOMS- house for men; rent $140 $4000
M rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 8uO
11 rooms; good income; rent $20 360
21 room*; water frcnt; rent *40; leas... 660
120 room*: good lease; low rent 6500
07 rms: apartments; Western Add; rent. 200
Monty loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roHdhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st
1 $^000—28 ROOMS; lease 3 years; clears $2«0
month outside room; running water In all
rooms. EDWARDP, 131 Montgomery, r. 11.
$2200—22 ROOMS elegantly furnished; on
O'Farretl Ft. ; clears $110 per month; close in.
EDWARDS, 131 Montgomery st., room 11.
$T0O— 20 ROOMS on Fourth St.; rent $40. ED-
WARDS, 131 Montgomery st, room 11.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.—
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
SUNNY, well furn. cor. flat, 14 rms; rent $37:
price $C50. 204 Seccnd st.. upstairs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page* >n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing eeance. Wed.
eve.. 00c. 1115 Pest st; S p. m.
MRS. ALICE TOBIAS. 1228 Market st.— Circles
Tuesdays and Frldays.S p. m.; readings dally.
MRS. BAXTER REYNOLDS, circles Tues. and
Frl. 8 p. m. ; readings daily. 4C2 Geary st.
KATIE HEUSSMANK. test circle Friday even-
Ing. 25c: sittings dally. 1000 Harrison Ft.
CLAIRVOYANTS.^
A^ cXliTaT^ONCE ANlTsAVE $2.
My Regular ?3 Reading This Week For
$1. (I. $1. $1. $1- $1- $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart !« true or false: tell whom and when you
will marry; In fact. I will tell you every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. He restores lost affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
. makes you successful and prosperous, cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine, lo-
cales hidden treasures: hours 10 ft. m. to 8 p.
m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell Et., 32C.
MME.. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant a:id business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
b'.dg.; the rea.1s your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
ptesent happenings and portrays events to oc-
cur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
xseetic. love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and 1
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market j
rt., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. |
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; readings. 25c; will give
full planet reading and answer .'{ questions
by mail. $1: when others fail try me; send
date of birth and look of hair. 402 Frank- I
lin st.. near Grove; send P. O. money order.
I A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond »lght; tells the past, present and future;
lsdlee. 50c: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
sxd clairvoyant pitting. $1 60. 126 Turk st
MRS. BAEHAM. clairvoyant: come prepared
with questions 798 Van Ness. ¦ cor. Eddy;
tel. Sutter 3131.
A — Mme. Ravenca reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
A wonder: have you seen her? LELA. palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st, near Miffion.
MADAM MARCEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
j ladies. 25c; gents. 50c. M.*i Minna st.
! OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city,
26H Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448^4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Cth.
CARPET-BEATIXG AXD CLEAMXG.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. : tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT~INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTIOXO FFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO- I
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, 916 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections: gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 65S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage of 6 rooms and bath to
let cheap. 3033 Twenty-fifth st.
DEXTISTS.
Dr7~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Marketer. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post st to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room C14, corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50: fillings, 5Oc;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver S6c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fllllngs,25c.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free,
New York Dentists. 06» Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A SEAMSTRESSE3.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
u^ald^s^s^ho^l^f^l^ctric^xTengi"
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; beet combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1362 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 Post St. S.
F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; trpecial summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookeep-
Ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. B. F. Business College, 1236 Market st
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission .r.r.Cth.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr. loth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $3 mo.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1&63: new 80-pa'ge catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
george" A^oioT 42r^o«^T!T^eirij'usjrii35?
Japanese-Chinese employment office; bur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton;. Main MM.
GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stocktcn: tel. Grant 168; expert reliable Itelp.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.-
Tel. Main 1U97. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
These two little shavers whom you see with a gun
Are out hunting for bear— If they see one they'll run.
Are. you gunning for work, which you're anxious to get?
/Try this paper's Want Ads— they have never failed yet.
'in this city you'll find there are thousands of men
Now filling good places, whoso advertised when • .
A- position they sought, and secured it at once-
Then the same course pursue, and don't act like a dunce.Same owner with D.O'Sulllvan (contractor),
architect same — Lathing, plastering and ce
menting for same on same; $14,085.-'' •
Henry Kahn (owner) with- Thomas Butler
(contractor), architect Cunningham & ToMeo —
Brick, iron- and steel work for alterations and
additions for a 3-story brick building on lot on
NE corner of Van Ness and Golden Gate ave
nues, N 120 by 12 100: $4030.
- J. D. Bullwlnkel (owner) with Charles Ober
feld : (contractor), "architects Martens & Cof
fey—Brick worR. flues and ¦ flue lining for a
five-story frame building on NW corner of Post
street and Agate alley, N 00 by W 40; $15OS.
' Same owner with A." H. Wllhelm (contrac
tor), architects same — Carpenter, mill and stair
work, glazing. . roofing, tinning, galvanized Iron
work. • rough • hardware, marble work, etc., for
same on same; $12,C87., _>: . ;
.Same owner with H. J. Perazzl (contractor);
"architects same— Draining, "plumbing and gas
fitting. etc.;:for same on same; $4250.= - ¦ -."-<.
Same owner with .Martin Carrlck (contractor),
architects " same— Lathing and >. plastering ; for
same : on same; $1850. ::¦;¦ ..
Davis, Schonwasser &_Co. (owners) with John
Slmmen '- (contractor), - architects Meyer '&
O'Brien— Show. window finish, mirrors, backs In
store for store at 13* Post street; $'.1750. *»
Excavating, concrete, granite, curblncr / and
sidewalks for building on SW corner of Seventh
avenue and C street. W 120 by 8 20O; $4200.
Goldberg, Bowen.A Co. (owners) with Kern
Bros, (.contractor), architects Henry H. Meyer
and Clarence R. Ward— AH work for a'1-story
and basement' brick building on lot on S tine
of. California street, 110 W of Devlsadero.
85 by S 137:6: $11,462.
E. J. L« Breton (owner) with Adam Beck
(contractor), architect Albert Pissis — Excavat
ing, grading, trenching, brick and bond iron
for laundry building and stable for Home of
the Little Sisters of the Poor on lot on N line
of.Lake Btre«t. 125 E'of Fifth avenue, E 340.
N- 780:9,* SW 391:0%, S. to Lake street, SE
703:5 3-1C: $10,750. ...
E. W. Williams, John J. Gallagher, H. New
bergh. W. J. Young. John.E. Green. Frank C.
The United Republican League Club of
the Thirty-seventh district met last night
at its hall at 444 Devisadero street to elect
an executive committee and thus perfect
final organization. The following were
elected to serve on the committee: *
Thirty-Seventh District.
Quite an assortment of stocks was dealt in
on the morninr session. Oceanic Steamship
sold at $7 60. Pacific Coast Borax at % 165ft 166
and Spring Valley Water weakened off to
$8« 25®8fl 50. The jcas stocks showed leas
fluctuation than on the preceding day, but the
recent rise 'was very well maintained. Mutual
Electric was higher at $11 30, against $10 62%
on Monday. The oil stocks were dull.
The gas stocks were firm In the afternoon.
Gas and Electric selllne up to $71. the certi
ficates to $60 75, Pacific Gas to $55 and Mu
tual Electric to $12. California Fruit Can
ners waa weak at $»0 25@90 and Spring Valley
at ?*o 25-5} ««.
The Mutual Electric Light Company has is
sued a circular to its shareholders asking them
to consent to the issue of $400,000 5 per cent
thirty-year bonds, the proceeds to be used to
enlarge and Improve the plant.
Semi-annual Interest was paid yesterday on
the 6 per cent bonds of the Oakland Transit
Company. ¦
The first annual meeting: of the stockholders
of the City and County Bank was held July
« and the following officers were elected: A.
J. Lowenberg, president: L. V. Merle, vice
president: A. Tonn, cashier; directors — Mat
thew Nunan. J. L. LUIenthal. C. A. Malm.
L. Auerbach, A. J. Lowenberg. L. V. Merle
and A. Tonn. •¦'"••¦.¦'.%,¦::
TUESDAY. July 7—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
4a quar coup. — JJJ V* 4b qr c (new)135^i36U
4s quar res.110%111% 3s q r coup. .107 -108H
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W* 5s. — — Oak T fls.._ 122
Bay C PCSs — 106 Do 6a .... — in
C C G&E 5s — 107tf Do c g 5s. — 105
Cal-st C Bs... — — Om C R 6s.l24 125
C C Wat 5s. — •¦ 1(CT Pac O Imp4s B6U 09
Ed LAP «». — 128*4 P G Ry Bs.107% —
F & Cl Rfls.imVi — P & C R «B.IO! 104%
Geary-st R5s P & O R 6s.H7 120
H C &S5Wis.lO2% — Powell-st 6a.ll6t; —
H C 4 S Ss. Mi -88 S EO&Rf?5«.l02^ —
Hon R T....105H — ¦ S F &SJV5s.l2Oi; —
L A Elec 5s.l05^106\a S R of C 6s.H0
L A Ry CS..113U114 SP of A 6s
L A L C6s. — — (1909) ....107^109
, DO gtd fis. — — O910) ....100 —
Do Ktd Bs.l(»m07ii S P of C 6s
ir A Plm5s.l0nHtO4H (1905)Sr A — 104U
Markt-st C«» — 12« (l»05)Sr B — 106^
Do 1 m3s.ll7 IIS <190«) .... ¦__ 107U
N U of C 6s — 100 (1912) .... — 118^4
Do.fl» .... — 121 S P C lcg5«. — mg
N P C RR5s — 108% Do stmpd.107% —
N-C By 5s. — 11* SPBRCdi- 140
N C P BS..100 — S : V Wat 6s.lO7M107K
N S R 5s.. — 100 \ Do 4s 2dm.lOO%100?;
O QLC 5S.110 ' — * Do 4s, 3dm — 100U
Oak W C 5s. — — Stktn Ga» 6s — . 102
Oceanic 8 5s — " 83 U G & E 5s.lO5 — . '
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa— "CO (Port Costa.. 64- 66%
Marln Co... 60% — ISprlng Val.. 68 36%
• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L& P. 4% 5 Sac EG&RS. 70 Vi —
Eqult Gas .. 4S — S F G & E. 70 70%
Mutual E L. 11 12 S F Gas... 3 3%
O G L &-H. — — Stktn Gas.. 5 _
Pac G Imp. 54?4 55ii U G & E.... 34% —
PacL Coj.. 56 — J
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
Receipts of Produce.
i"OR TUESDAY. JULY 7.
Flour, qr sks.... 6.348 Wool, bales .... 52
Barley, ctls 3,015 Tallow, ctls .... 25«
Oats, ctls 1,1«5 Pelts. No 758
Corn, ctls 23.'. Hides. No 1,151
Beans, sks 119 Quicksilver, risks. 229
Potatoes, sks ... 1,920 Leather, rolls ... 162
Onions, sks .... 420 Sugar, ctls 600
Bran, sks 1,400 Wine, gals 6,070
Middlings, sks .. 500 Chlccory, bbls .. -: 50
Hay. tons 638
WASHINGTON.
Flour.* nr sks.... 7.3»0Bran, sks 750
Oats, ctls 1.198
Establishes Headquarters.
The Fortieth Assembly District United
Republican League Club has established
permanent headquarters at the northeast
corner of. Fillmore and Post streets.
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 6»S 70 .,' *.;
INSURANCa ¦¦' „
S F G & E. 60V1 70
1 BANK STOCKS.
Am XatI Bk.125 — Lon P & A.165 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 08 Mer Trust.. 200 23©
Bank of Cal.540 575 Mer Ex 3?*£ 01
C S D * T.142H160 S F Nationl — —
First Nation! — —
SAVIXG3 BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2275 S»v & t. So.100 — 1 '
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4ftO 500
Mut S Bank. 92 }j — Union T C.213O —
S F Bav U.60O 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 20ft ) Presidio .... — 40
Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant Pdw.. 73 tt /Vigorit 4% »%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 40" 5O KUauea S C 8 8^4
II* C & S.. 4ft 42ta MakaweU S. 231*2*
Honokaa S C 10 — Onotnea S C 22Vi 23
Hutch S P C 13 14 Paauhau S C — 17>»
C: \, MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PacklSlVilM Oceanic S C 7*4 8
Cal Fruit As 90 91 Pac A F A. 2% 3
'Cal Wine As 9SH 99% Pac C Borx.166 —
Morning Session.
2000 Los Ang Ry.114 10 S V Water.. 86^
4000 S V Wat 6O.107H 70 S V Water... 8«Vfc
8000 S J Valley... 120% 325 Haoa 40c
3000 S V Wat 2d.lO»>^a 2rt Oceanic 1\%
5000 Pae Elec 1W* 2O Gas> A Elec. 63^
:S5 Kllauea 5 20 Ga s & Elec 60S
65 Pac Borax.. .163 20 Gas & E sOO. CU^,
10 Pac Borax.. .lft« 15 Gas * Elec. 6S>Tk
100 Mutual Elec. 11 >i
' Afternoon Session.
50 Mut Elec 11% 100 S F G tr cfs. 69*i
100 Mut EJec b5. 12 105 S F G tr cfs. 69V*
60 Mut Elec 12 WSFGtcbl5 6»Vi
100 Cen Trlght... 4% 60 Pacific Gas.. 85
20 C C Water.. 60 70 Gas & Elec. 71
1(> C C Wat b30 60 100 Gas & E bl5. 71
5 S V Water.. StJVi 30 Gas & E blO. 71
45 S V Water. . 86 10 Gas & E sOO. 71
5 S V Water... 86% 100 Gas & E bl5. 7OV»
10 Cal Frut Can 90*4 200 Hana 40o
28 Cal Frut Can 90
•Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer« the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morninst Session.
600 Andes 15 600 Mexican 1 3O
100 Caledonia 188 200 Overman .... 3S
100 Con Cal & V.I «3 100 Sierra Nev... 74
10O Gould & Cur. 44 200 Union Con... P<*
100 Hale & Norc. 76 300 Tel Jacket.... 91
Afternoon Session.
200 Mexican 1 25 200 Sierra. Nev... 70
500 Con Cal & V.I 60 600 Segr Belcher.. 14
100 Con Cal & V.I «5 200 Andes 13
i 100 Chollar - 23
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning: Session.
300 Con Cal ft V.I 65 200 Overman M
500 Con N T 11 200 Sierra Ner... TJ
200 Gould it Cur. 43 500 Tel Jacket.... «3
200 Ophir 1 72*i 200 Tel Jacket.... 19
Afternoon Session.
20O Chollar 25 300 Po'dsJ VS
200 Con Cal & V.I f>5 20O Belcn^r IS
200 Cr>w-> Point.. 2S 600 Silver HU1.1 02V*
100 Mexi-ran 1 i5 500 Union Con... 04
100 Ophlr 170 200 Yel Jacket.... 7<*
500 Overman .... 29 300 Yet Jacket.. .. 17
TOXOPAH MIXIXG EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on San Francisco
and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
250 Esperanza ... Go 1000 Ton Belmt.2 17%
100 Mont Ton 1 00 400 Ton Midway.. «
100 Paymaster . . 22 550 Ton N Star. . 47
2000 Rescue 14, 100 Ton UB131...1 40
1CC0 Reicu9 15
Afternoon Session. t
1150 Rescue i : 5/ 500 United Ton... 20
100 Ton Belmt.2 17 %
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July 7—4 p. ns.
Bid. Ask. Bid. As'.:.
Alpha ("I 07 Julia 02 04
Alta V- <£ 04 Justice 14 1.%
Andes \ 10 12 Kentuck C4 C5
Belcher ....\4S 50 Lady Wash .. — 05
Best & Belch. 2 o-> — Mexican 1 20 1 25
Bullion 02 0« Occidental ... 34 3«
Caledonia 1 35 1 45 Ophlr 1 «*> 1 «5
Challenge ... 53 55 Overman ....' 37 3S
Chollar 23 24 Potost. ."...'.. 27 29
Con Imperial. C5 00 Savage V* 21
Confidence ...1 40 1 f.o Segr Belcher.. 13 14
Con Cal & V.I 55 1 65 Sierra Nev... C9 7i»
Crown Point.. 2« 2* Silver Hill... 1 00 1 05
Exchequer ... 02 03 Union Con... 92 94
Gould & Cur. *i 43 Utah 27 2»
Hale & Narc. 6? 70'Yel Jacket.... 7* . 30
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 22 Rescue 15 1«
Esperanza ... 05 06 Ton Bel.. 2 12^ 2 17%
Eula Con ... 25 — Ton & Cal... 22 —
Gipsy Queen. 26 27 Ton Fraction. — 7.1
Gold Mt Con. ~— 19 Ton ft Gt W. 08 15
Lucky Tom.. — l«|Ton of Nev.. — 9 OO
MacNamara . 25 30; Ton N Star.. 4S S2
Mizpah Ex .. — 50 Ton Midway.. 49 6i»
Mont Ton.... 98 1 OOTon & S Lake — 6O
N Y Ton.... — 15 Ton Union.... — 1 20
Paymaster ..21 22 United Ton... 1» 25
Pino Grove... 50 — Utopia 30 SS
Brief, speeches were made by Joseph de
Forrest, Ben Schloss, Hon. Frank Mc-
Gowan, William M. Abbott, J. K. Jones,
Judge Bahrs, C. B. Perkins, E. S. Salo
mon and Fred Jones.
The secretary reported that the enroll
ment of the club had reached the number
of 500.
Stmmen, Dr. Apple. D. C. Dorn, R. W. Den
nis, H. Blume, E. L. C«x>k. James Cairns,
Joseph de Forrest. Henry Wasser, E. S. Salo
mon. R-- V. Lucy. M. J. Waldhelmer, . J. E-
Fleld, D. D. Hunt.
EUREKA— Sailed July 7— Schr Ida McKay,
for San Francisco; stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed in July 7— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence July 5. for Victoria. B C.
ABERDEEN — Arrived July 7— Stmr G C
Lindauer, hence July 3: stmr Coronado. henc«.
July 4.
Sailed July 7 — Stmr Centralia, for San Fran
cisco.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 7.
Stmr City of Peking. Robinson, 31 day* from
Hongkong, 20 days from Yokohama, vJa Hono
lulu S days.
Bktn Quickstep, Johnson, 4 days from Co
lumbia River.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 7.
Stmr Rutb. Batchelder, Westport.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlsgins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alliance, Haneen, Eureka and Coos
JJ DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Eleanor S. Freeborn (owner) with Thomas W
Butcher (contractor), architect O. A. Wright —
House moving^ work, taking down walls car
penter work, brick work on N side of a two
story warehouse on NW corner of Filbert and
Battery ' streets. N 137:6, W 275, 8 137:0, E
275:6;. $2124. ¦ •
;s The Plonfcer Automobile Company (owners)
with J. Olnfo (contractor).' C. S. McNally archl
tect — Excavation and grading , trenches . for
foundation walls and .piers. for building on NW
corner of Golden ; Gate avenue and Octavla
street. S 125. W 107:6. S 12:6. W 37:0, N 137:6,
E 145 * i . . . y ; _, - ¦ ¦ '" -¦¦....,;¦-.-_ *".-.-'
"Marko P. Matcovlch (owner) with Erick Boes
(contractor), ; architect owner-^AU work for a
one and a half story frame building on E line
•if Third avenue,- '200 N of Point Lobos, N 25
by 1J 120. outlot 1KJ: $2100. -
Mrs. Ellen Hosan (owner) with James p.
Burke (contractor), architect' ——Alterations
and additions to a three-Btory frame building
on S line r h l Twelfth street. 25 W of Berenice
W 25. S 84:4, E 25. v.N 82:2, M.-B. 17; $5200. -
¦• Henry W.' Morris and "Joseph -Hyman (own
ers) with'C.-*A.'«Ingerson (contractor), - archi
tect-Henry. H. Meyers — Store front and parti
tions, etc.,' for building on N ' line of Market
street. 400 E of City "Hall square, E 50 by N
200; $2150. • , *|
John Flournoy ¦ (owner) : with Victor ¦ Stan
auist tconti actor), architect WUIiam Curlett —
Builders' Contracts.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Peter
Tamony, lot on.fl line of Marshall street. 177:«
W of Craut. W 52:0. 8 100, E 27:0, S 101 :8, E
25, N 2Ort:4,i/4. block 4; College Homestead; $ft<>o
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Wil
liam H. White, lot In cemetery; $75. :
Roland A. and Mary A. Tuttle to Bertha
Leeders. lot on N lino of N street. :S2:6 E of
Eleventh avenue, E,W> by N 100; $10.
Bertha Leeders to Martin Els. lot on N Une
ot N street. 32:0 E of Eleventh avenue, E 25
by N 100: $10. - : -
$10 '•'-,'' ¦ -~ ' ¦ ¦ . ¦""
Louis A. Rondeau to Marko P. Matcovlch, lot
on E line of ThinPavemie, 200 N of Point Lo
bop. N 25 by B 120: $050.
Hattie Simon to Albert Meyer, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-first avenue and II street, E
120 by S 000; $10.
Albert Meyer to Albert S. Goldsmith, lot on
W line of Twentieth avenue, 225 S of H street.
S 50 hy W 120; $10.
City Realty Company to Albert Meyer, lot on
E line of Seventh avenue, 145 S of H atreet, S
25 by E 120; also lot on E line of Sixth ave
nue 33. S of Hugo street. S 75 by E 05; also
lot on E line of Sixth avenue. 35 N of I Btreet,
N 75 by E 05: also lot on W line of Fifth ave.
nue. 35 N of I Btreet, N 125. W 100, S 50. E 25,
R 75, K 05; also lot on W Une of Fifth avenue,
85 8 of -Hugo, S 25 by W 95* S10. r
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to George . M.
Mitchell, undivided 49-50 of lot on SW corner
of Grant avenue and Harlan place, S 41 by W
A A. Jr. and Florence B, Moore to Frederick
Kohl lot on SW line of Third stret. 85 NW bt
Mission NW «0 by SW 107. excepting a portion
of let on Opera alley 4% Inches on Third street
and 0% Inches on Opera alley and of a vary
ing width on Opera alley; $10.
Paul and Clara A. Oakley to Antonia. M. M.,
Felling and Louts A. C. Frahm, lot on E line
of Seventh avenue, 108:5% N of California, N
25 by E 120; $10.
Jeremiah Lynch to Mary Clunin, Catherine
Scott and Clara Lynch, lot on E line of Fourth
avenue. 100 N of Clement street, N 25 by E
120: gift.
Charlotte S. and William II. McLaughlin to
George W. Scott, lot on W line of Second ave.
nue 250 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 120;
Martha M. McDonald to Thomas J. and Ella
C. Crowlcy lot on SW corner of Hayes and
Fillmore streets, S 25 by \V 106:3: $10.
George G. and Elizabeth \V. Glllesple to
Eda Ickelhelmer (wife of Henry), lot on E
line of Devlsadero street. 125 S of O'Farrell,
5 25 by E 00; $10.
Estate of Patrick O'Reilly (deceased) (by
Alexander McKay and Theresa O'Reilly, exe
cutors), to H. W. Clark, lot on N line of Post
street. 175 W of Baker, W 25 by N 137:6;
$3500.
Johanna Hempel (Oser) to Charles H. Egge
breoht lot on \V line of Baker street, .27:6
6 of Turk. W 110 by 8 27:6; $10.
Thomas 11. and Mary J. Cooper to Chauncey
S Blair, lot on N line of Sutter street. 50 W
of Lyon W 25 by N 112:6; $10.
Daniel Einstein to Adelaide M. Case, lot ou
W line of Lyon street. 50 N of "Pine. N 25 by
W 100; $4500
Estate of William K. Van Alen (by O. B.
Baldwin executor) to Louis Frledlander. lot
on N line of Sacramento street. !K):11 E of
Central avenue. E 5O by N 127:8 V»: $10. '
Frank J. and Clara Mayhew to John and
Ida M Chalfant. lot on W lin" of Clayton
street "210 N of Frederick. N 25 by AV 125;
$10. ,
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Jo
seph F. Berenl and Fllomena de I>arlvlere. lot
on W line of Mission street. 213:8 S of Thir
teenth S 50 by W 100; $7400.
Mary L F. Eastman to George M. and Ed
ward F Eastman, lot on W line of Valencia
street 152 S of Sixteenth. S SO by \V 88: also
property outside of county: affidavits by James
M. Haven supporting deed: gift.
Fannie A. Gunn to Lawrence P^ Hourihan.
lot on E line of Guerrero street, 52:0 S of.
Twentieth. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Hibornla Savings and Loan Society to Mary
A Burke lot on SE corner of Twentieth and
Church streets, E 55 by. 8 114; $2150.
Margarethe Hedderich to Carl H. Heddc
rlch lot on E line of York street. 104 S of
Twenty-third. S 2« by E 100; gift.
Carl H. Hedderich to Huso Strauss, same,
Susan Saunders to Hannah Pearson (wife of
F O ) lot on E line of Alabama street. 104
N of ' Twenty-fourth. N r.2 by E 100; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to James
F. Bradley lot on SK corner of Twenty-fifth
and Bryant streets, E 25 by S 00: $1770.
William . and Jane Wallace to Timothy "W.
ar.d Mary Ward lot on E line of Vlcksburg
street, 65 N of " Twenty-third. N 32:6 by E
Hlbernia' Savings and Lean Society to Wil
liam D. Chick, lot on N line of Liberty street,
80 E of Church, E 25 by N 114; $925.
Same to Thomas Pennlngton. lot on N line
of Twenty-sixth street, 240 E of Diamond, E
John and Blanche E. McGaw to Louis Fried
lander let on S line of Harlan place. 54 W of
Grant avenue. W 1 by S 44; $800.
Martin and Clarindo Cresalia to Giuseppe
Sanguinettl, lot on S line of Union street, 206:i
W of Mason, W 34:4% by S 137:6: gift.
Clarindo L. Cresalia to same, same: $10. i
Fannie D. McIUriach and Effle A. Rutter
to Delia Fallon. lot on N line of Golden Gate
avenue 112:6 W of Laguna street. W 23 by
N r 95; $10. , (
Mary J Smith to Antonio Lalolo. lot on TC
line of^ <Jlay street, 215 E of Flllmore. E 25
by N 127 :8U: $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
C. Ludwlgr, a rigger employ.ejj at Hunt
er's Point Drydock, fell from a Kentucky
street car at the corner of Railroad and
Fifth avenues yesterday evening and now
lies at the Emergency Hospital suffering
from a possible fracture of the skull and
several deep cuts on the bead.
Falls From a Streetcar.
Daniel Dray, a teamster employed by
Curtis & Donovan, lost his front teeth in
an accident yesterday afternoon. Dray
was adjusting a part of the harness when
his horses gave a sudden pull. The pole
of the wagon hit Dray in the mouth, split
ting his lips and knocking out all his
front .teeth. The Injured man was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital and
later to his home at 3016 Sixteenth street.
Teamster Loses His Teeth.
Jesse Marks is recognized as a power
in the Fortieth Assembly District, yet
the voters Have a right at any time to dis
pute his sovereignty. The manner of dis
puting it, however, should be in due form
at the primary election. Marks Is show
ing 1 an inclination to withhold his sup
port from the United Republican League.
The story is current in local political cir
cles . that league organizers have told
Marks that if he did not get into camp
with Ruef, Ach, Lynch and Riordan they
would turn down Harry Baehr, who
wants the indorsement of the Republican
convention for a second term as Auditor
of SaVi Francisco.
It is the general opinion of citizens that
Aifditor Baehr Is discharging the duties
of his office in a proper manner. It hap
pens, however, ' that Jesse Marks is his
political and personal At the lo
cal Republican convention two years ago
Marks, as the leader of the Fortieth Dis
trict delegation, made a successful battle
in the Interest of Baehr for. Auditor.
There is an impression that he is sup
porting Baehr for a second term.
The threat to put in another man for
Auditor in order to wreak vengeance on
Marks "will not promote Republican har
mony in the Fortieth or any other As
sembly district.
United Republican League Warns
Jesse Marks to Get in Line.
THREATENS TO KNIFE BAEHR.
-The alliance petition to the Board of
Election Commissioners contains the fol
lowing concerning the Republican local
convention of 1902;
On the ICth day 6f September. l!>02, the Re
publican local convention of the city and
!;?".", ? San Fra nciseo convened and sub
divided its delegates into district conventions,
in conformity to the call issued by the Re
publican State Central Committee nnd the Re
publican County Committee of the city and
county of San Francisco, and nominated can
didates for Assemblyman and State Senators,
and said local convention adjourned without
electing or appointing a governing committee
for the territory It represented, and upon roll
call refused to appoint or elect a governing
committee; and we call your attention to the
said section of the Political Code (USti) and
declare that the same is now in full force and
effect, and by operation of law that portion
of the Republican party of the State of Cali
fornia embraced' within the city and county
of San Francisco is without a governing com
mittee; that at the last biennial convention
of said party held In San Francisco during
the month of September. 1902. said convention
did, by, a two-thirds vote, refuse to appoint
a governing committee to represent the party
for the territory of the city and county of
San Francisco, whereby the title of Republican
party may be conveyed to the Republican
voters of San Francisco, according to law.
The convention is to be composed 'of
450 delegates— twenty-five delegates from
each Assembly district of the city. The
point is raised by the Mutual Alliance
organizers that the County Committee
apportionment gives to seven districts a
majority of the convention, leaving eleven
districts in the minority. Two thousand
signatures will be required to render the
petition effective.
Martin Kelly, chief deputy^ organizer;
A. C. Berthier, general organizer, and
quite a number of subordinate organizers
of the Republican Mutual Alliance met
last night at 1104 Market street, room 17,
to consider what steps should "be taken
by Martin Kelly and his friends to pro
mote harmony in politics. Kelly holds
that there exists no longer such an or
ganization as the governing body of the
Republican party of San Francisco.
He produces the record of the Republi
can local convention, September 17, 1902.
to show that the convention by a decisive
vote refused to create a county commit
tee and contends therefore that the party
has no governing body. In view of this
condition of affairs his followers have in
formed the Board of Election Commis
sioners that a Republican convention will
be held on Tuesday, September 15, at 8
p. m. The call is made in accordance
with section 1361 of the Political , Code.
Of course, delegates to the convention
must be chosen at the primary election
on Tuesday, August 11.
Mutual Alliance Organizers Call a
Republican Convention.
GOVERNING BODY • QUESTION.
Otto Shulz, a painter residing at 1S«8
Filbert street, swore out a warrant last
night for the arrest of W. H. Revere on
a charge of robbery. Shulz claims that
on June 7 he was driving along the
street and that Revere, who was In an
other rig, ran "into him. The men got
out on the sidewalk and commenced to
fight. After they were separated Shulz
claims tr_at he missed his watch and
accused Revere of having stolen it.
Claims He Was Bobbed.
A^ regular meeting of the State Board of
Prison Directors will be held next Satur
day. The board will then elect a warden
of San Quentin prison to succeed M. A.
Aguirre, whose term of four years expired
on the 1st of this month. There are many
applicants for the position of Warden and
every day adds a name or two to the list
of "aspirants for the place. The prison
directors are reticent concerning the pjob
able action of the board in 'relation to
the San Quentin wardenship. Friends 'of
Captain J. C. Edgar are quite confident,
however, that he will be. chosen to suc
ceed Aguirre. Knowledge of. prison af
fairs, derived from fifteen years' experi
ence as second in command, it is said,
will count largely in Edgar's favor. The
directors have resolved to render the ad
ministration of affairs at San Quentin
creditable to the State, therefore it is be
lieved that a practical man of force and
intelligence, who has had the training to
render him efficient in every department
of the responsible office, will be elected.
. LONDON, July 8.— The Constantinople
correspondent ot the Daily Telegraph
quotes an officer of hisrh rank in the
Turkish army as declaring that war with
Bulgaria appears to be inevitable, '. that
Turkey was never so well prepared for
hostilities and that the army on the fron
tier is anxious to begin, but the Sultan's
policy is to remain quiet until attacked.
VIENNA, July 7.— In well-informed
political circles it is expected that Russia
will shortly warn Bulgaria in an unmis
takable manner against making war on
Turkey. §
Belief That "Captain Edgar
Will Succeed Aguirre
at, San Quentin. \
Russia Is Expected to" Warn
Bulgaria Against Start- '-
ing Hostilities.
Board of Directors to
Hold Regular Meet
iD g Saturday.
Sultan's Policy Is to
Remain Quiet Until
Attacked.
PRISON WARDEN
WILL BE CHOSEN
TURKISH ARMY
READY FOR WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1903. ,
STOCK MARKET.
13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketehikan. " Juneau.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska — II a.
m.. July 10. 15. 20, 25. 30.
August 4. Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11
a. m., July 10. 15. 20, 25, 30. August 4. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle tor Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July 9. 15. 21. 27. August 2; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12. 18. 24, 30. August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lew Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barba^i — Santa
Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoe. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme. *
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8. IS. .24. August L
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Altata. La Pas. Santa Roaalla. Guaymas
(Mexl), 10 a. m. July 9.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICKET O 1? 'FTCES — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market strett
C. D. DUNAKN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O, #?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails June 23, July 2. 12. 23.
"George* W. Elder" sails June 27. Jury 7, 17.
27. Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR.,
and short rail line from Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all points, all nil or
steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meals.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgom-
ery st-: C CLIFFORD. Gen. Act. Frt. DcpC. 3
Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORTENTAI. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First *ndl
Brannan streets, at 1 p. n., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kob« (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. N»
cargo received on board on uay of falling.
S 8. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. July T, 1903
8. 8. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July 31. 1803
S. S. AMERICA MARU ,
Wednesday. August 26.1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's of flee. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
o___^M^^i
SS MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 10, 11 a. nj
S3* SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July 1«. 2 n. m.
BS ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 25. 11 a. m.
'ij.iriEaEUttI9S.sa.,Jlgti..ricUt3fl!a.!43Iamt3
frisht.tSM.31J IirtitSL.Fier la. ?. Facfe St
C0MPAS5IS eSXS&ALI TEAKaATLAHTNJCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jm»w
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of<»_g_j^
Saturday, at 10 «- m., from P!*r 42. »«««»
North River, foot of Morton street.
* First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sea-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AOENCT FOR UNITED STATES AHX>
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI &. CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. •
« M*r« IaUad and Vails Jo ZXtmmmn.
' "Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELIO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. ax. Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fara. SO cents. Tel-.
Main '1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call, $1 per Yew
REAL ESTATE-~CITY— FOR SAXB.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$500 to $1000 — Choicest Sunset lots; graded
and sewered; J at.. Ninth and Tenth aves.
ALL BARGAINS. VERT EAST TERMS.
DON'T DELAY! SEE THEM TO-DAY!
Sunset Branch Office Ninth ave., near H
st ; open every day and Sundays.
Only graded boulevard lots fronting ocean.
WE CAN POSITIVELY SUIT YOU
EITHER IN LOCATION. PRICE OR TERMS
Nothing like It ever offered! Selling fast!
From $100 to $1200.
Oceansido Branch Office. Forty-ninth are. and
K Et. Sundays.
$300 to tlOOO— Bargains In Richmond Lots!
$75 to $200^-Park and Octan lots; $5 monthly.
$150 to $3J0 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near MlssloH-st. cars. $5 monthly.
$1500 to $3000 — I. 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tages, Bunset. Richmond and Excelsior Home-
stead; rare bargains; easy terms.
BOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
'Room 64, Chronicle building.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st
$9500 — Elegant residence of 10 rooms, 2
baths, basement; fashionable district; marine
view. "
f 3000— 2 flats. 9 rocms. basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mascn and
Filbert sts.
j $2500 2-story house of 12 rooms; basement
of 5 rooms; pays 19 per cent.
I $SSOO— Good income property; nice locality;
3 bay-window Mats; basement; sun all day;
l«ays"over 11 per cent. \
Choice lots in Sunset for cash or ot* easy
installments. ,
$1500—2 NEW flats of 4 and 5 R. and B. ;
Army st.. near Mission ; bal. $40 per month;
i a snap.
jl«»QO_2 new flato of T> and 6 R. and B. on
Mission St., near 29th: bal. ?54 p»r month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOR SALE — Make offer for 6 lots: all level;
' no grading necessary; a fine location for a
! hame: close to Mission electric car; corner
Brazil ave. and Munich st. ; will sell one or
all. Address A. G. CLARK, care of Call
j business office.
THE BIMLDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA-
: NY 511-012 Callaithan building, will buy you
a lot afcl build you a house; tmall cash pay-
ment: $8 pe^" month r a >'» principal and in-
| terest on each $l<X<0 of balance due.
i WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Carl Cole. Shrader&Parnassus ave. ;
plans terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES nOCNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl st.
LOTS north or south, of the park purchased
by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st. (Savings
Union building).
NEW houses end flats on Second ave. and £
i st. for sale on easy payments; one block to
: lScAHl?ter cars: prices to cult you; open.
i FOR pale — N.W. cor. lMh and Folsom: 50x100
or. iMh. with improvements. 213S Folsom St.
REAL ESTATE— Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA land?, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inypected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
! GOOD Oakland property k to exchange for a
Ftock ranch. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 486
Tentn ft.. Oakland. Cal.
i ALAMFJA ADVERTISEMENT?.
AL.AMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees: rear
j train and schools; only J2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAKD COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1401. 1500 Park Pt.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
FOR lease — Beautiful new 10-room house; plate
wlndwws; lovely hill and marine views; gas;
electricity; best neighborhood. 2433 WarrinR.
Alex, aiuidock & Co.. Lorin station. Berkeley —
Keal estate brokers, owners,, builders, etc.
FRU1JV ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
\T£i Krultvale ave., half block to station.
S1U75 — S large, beautiful lots, with full-bear-
ing orchard; dan.iy 4-R. cottage; fine windmill,
large tank, loads of water; choice berries,
g-raj««?s, etc. ; house has fine mantel and fire
place: situation the best; close to schortl,
church and street cars; easy terms if wanted:
this is on? of the »>¦?« purchases offered In many
months i:i Fruitvale; no cold winds or fogs;
100x200 aiid mor» land adjoining if wanted.
$7."j lots — Only a few left in the beautiful
Ftoea I^ec Tract: close to cars, school, postof-
flce- ?5 down. bal. monthly to suit; buy now;
prices' will raiw. CHARLES F. LEE
wants to see you. 1222 Fruitvale ave., half
block of station.
i ..«, 1
j BAliCAIN — Fruitvale; lot 55x174; nice C-room
t ' home; pantry, bath, hot and cold water, sta-
: tionary tub?. 2 large basement rooms, 2
I large chicken houses; all fenced; good order.
• CSV Sacramento st.. 6. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BaOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$110 to $.100 down; 2-story, comfortable house
of ii rooms, bath, gas and modern conven-
1 iences; newiy pointed and papered; lot W>x
150 (note the size); barn and well; ono
b!ock from Telegraph ave.; easy monthly
1 payments; liberal discount will be allowed
for all caEh over present mortgage Of $1000.
UAKLA.VU Ft'RNITL'HB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
I — — — — . — — . —^— —
" SPECIALISTS.^
CAT^VRRh71dEAFNE£S and NOISES in EARS
cctitively curedl new method; I week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 204 Suiter «t.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
$15 SO drop-head oak. guaranteed; second-hand,
$6 to $15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange. 033 Mkt.
ct.. bet. 5th and 6th: phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch. 2b5 Geary St.; phone Main 760.
. STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A^EMPORTiSr Storage &. Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, Bhipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage tc Moving Co.. of-
Cce Pest and Powell stf.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CON KLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
disfc 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12C.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; SW
Mission ct.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232O Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TVI'ISWRITERS^AJVD SjUPPLIES.
GREAT "BARGAIN'S IN TYPEWRlfERS^-wi
tell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 63'i C&lllornia ; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Intpec. Co., 209 Sansome.
FOR sale cheap— One Smith Premier type-
writer. IS Grove st. ¦
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Jfevada National,
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
Ing of -the board of directors of this bank,
held July- 7. l!)03, a dividend was declared for
tlWhalf year ending June 30. 1903, at the
rate of 7 per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 15th Inst. Transfer books .will
be closed from the 10th to * the 15th inst.,
both days inclusive. .. San Francisco, July 7,
lyOX GEORGE GRANT, Secretary..
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
panjr. Con. A dividend. No. 55. of Fifty
cents <50c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the Company has been declared pay-
. eble at the office of the Company/rooms 202.
204, 2C6 Hay ward Bldg.. San Francisco, on
July 10th, M03. Transfer books close. July
te!. at noon. C. C. QUINN, Secretary.
SPECIAL KOTICE9.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that they have
admitted Into the orphanage from January 1.
1903, to June 30.- 1903, the, following* named
orphans and -half orphans, boys and girls,
v;z: Louij* Levin, agi^ 7- years: Irene Well,
aged 9 years 3 months; .-Helen Well, aged 8
years 2 months; <_*harles Bernstein, aged 12
years; Harry Bernstein, aged .10 yeare 0
months: Edna A Veil, aged C years 6 months;
Sadie Markowltz.. eged 9 years ,5 months:
Louis Robert- Cousins. - aged " 10 years '3
months: Matilda Stone, aged 8 , years 8
months; Isador Klein, aged 8 years: Solomon
Klein, aged 5 years 7 months; Ida Miller,
aged 10 years 9 months: Rose Miller, aged 6
years: Lawrence Maurice Beck, aged 5 years;
Rose Elver, aged 4 years 11 months.
NOTICE— The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant* Orphan Asylum Society herewith '
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan, oirls-and boys- have been admit-,
ted to the asylum on Halght and Laguna
sts..' from Jan. 1. lMtt to July 1. 1903:
Mabel G. Clark. -8 -yrs. and. 10 inos.; Dora
M. Campbell. 9 yrs. ; Martha Brown. 9 yrs.
4 mos.: Annie Brown. 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Christina
Christianson. 15 yrs.; Lulu A. Deahl.3 yrs.;
Louise Mohr. 7 yrs.; Alice E. Whightman. 11
yrs. ; Annie Goassel. 7 yrs.: Martha Goassel,
5 yrs.; Dallas R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 mos.; Frank
O. Clark. 5 yrs. 2 mos.: Joseph A. Keenan. 3
yrs. 3 mos. ; James Keenan. 2 yrs. ; Herman
Mohr. 5, yrs. 6 tnos.: Albert William Whight-
man. 7 yrs.: Albert Caldwell. 2 yrs. 1 mo.;
Harold W. Anderson. 3 yrs.; Frederick Goas.
eel. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenlcke, 8. yrs.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st.. San* Francisco,
has received the following orphans, half
orphans and abandoned girls from January
lbt to June 30th, 1903: Charlotte F. Reeves,
aged 11 years; Edith Mackey Johnson. 0
years; Dorothy Campbell, 8 years; Laura Dale
Ash. 10 years; Irene Jones, 13 years; Maria
Grunn. 6 years; Violet E. Golledge, 13-
years; Margaret A. Golledge, 11 years; Mat-
tie E Goode 11 years; Hazel O. Goods, fl
years; Georgle Davis. 2 years; Maud H.
Brown. 10 years; Elsis H. Brown. 9 years;
Ida M. Brown, 6 years; Mary Jane Fcrsatz,
18 months.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1, 1902, to Jan. 1.
1903: Raymond Welch, age 5W years; Ruby
Welch, age 4»4 years: Eileen McGlveny, age
4 years; Esther Fraser, age 4 years.
SAN FRANCISCO. July fl.— The- business here-
tofore owned by BEIDERMAN BROS.,
known as "Pacific Heights Bakery," 2223
Flllmore Pt.. has been sold to H. Kallscher.
8Tt'TTERIXG_ AND STAMMERISG.
1 MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : . *
Joseph B. Machado. 23. 410 Broadway, and
Emily A. I. Silva. 25,-416 Broadway.
William H. Murray. 33, 53 Natoma street,
and Jlary Quirk, 25. 132 Hawthorne street.
•Henry G. Sohlnkel, 2(5, Sonoma, Cal., and
Annie Myw, 30, 'Sonoma. Cal.
James H. Clalborne Jr., 21, 2S15 Buchanan
street, and Grace Horton, 18. 915 Point Lobos
! avenue.
Braxton P. Hyden, 38, city, and Jennie Loab,
32. city. '
Felix Ferrero, 25, 1S22 Washington street,
and Frances C. Lance. 30. Wllkesbarre. Pa.
Arthur W. Reguer. 31. tiO4 McAllister street,
and Aramlnta C. Guiss, 28. Gresham, Or.
Andreas Mecke. 50. 1011 Minna street, and
Carolina Steinberg. &2. 1011 Minna street.
• William Erkelens. 40. 226 McAllister street,
I and Anna E. Morrison. 41, city.
j Janus W. Dawson. 3fc, 1413 Folsom street,
I and Minnie S. Frandsen, 23, 1413 FolROm St.
Harry R. WrUht, 23. St. Louis, Mo., and
Lurene R. Miller, IS. Chlco, Cal.
La Verne A. Warner. 29, Caledonia, Mich.,
and Emma F. Harvey, 2», Petaluma, Cal.
j Frank P. Lam'y. 30. 241 Sanchez street, and
Maria Martini. 19, 425 Greenwich street.
Lantle J. Eldred. 33. Stockton. Cal., and Lot-
tie F. Hopkins, 24, Stockton. Cal. \
Stevens Pardlnl, 35, 1X19 Ui Howard street,
and I'aulinp Beckmann, 32. 1S1O ! ,4 Howard st.
Arthur W. Tufts. 304 Minna street, and
Johanna Driscoll, 23, Smartsvllle, Cal.
Giuseppe Benettl. 27.' 500 Bay street, and
Lulf.'t Dapc-lo. 20, 500 Bay street,
j Joseph Molllca. 24, 3 Jasper place, and An-
i toinetta Baluanzl. 18, 7 G.iven place.
Joseph B. Lawler, 31. 757 Harrison street,
| and Leone L. Enemark, 19, 757 Harrison street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0IIN.
1 SIMI— In this city. July 5, 1903, to the wife or
J Harry C. Sim!, a eon. j
| i - ¦ ... =3
; died.
I Burke. James E. Kaighln, John C.
j Cole. Nathaniel P. Lareen. Lorentz E.
! Dickinson. James K. Lundstrom, Annie
; Ellison. Samuel Meyer. Jacob
¦ Erickson, Caroline Montell, Grace G.
. Garrlty, Katherlne Scolari. Giuseppe
Hamilton. Chas. F. Stevens, Alfred II.
llanlan. John J. L'lrlch, Gertrude E.
Henry, Lois
BURKE — In this city, July £. 1003, James
: Edward, dearly beloved hut-band o£*A1eline
¦ Burke, father of Alice Burke, beloved Eon of
: William H. and the late Catherine Burke.
! and brother of William J.. Peter J., Henry
i F., Thomas P., Emma I., Marcus R.. Cath-
j erlne M. and Alice F. Burke, Mrs. J. Hall,
: Mrs. J. Finnerty and the late Mary R. Lor-
• inp, a native of Halfmoon Bay, San Mateo
County, Cal., aged 2ti years ti months and 29
j days. I
I lO'Frieads and acquaintances are rcspect-
; fully Invfted to attend the funeral to-day
' (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4 Adalr street, between Fifteenth and
; Sixteenth, thence Jo Et. Charles Borromeo.'a
Church for services at 1 :30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLE — In Ben I»mond, Cal.. July C. 1903,
i Nathaniel Palmer Cole, beloved husband of
i_ Elizabeth O. Cole, and father of Emma E.
and Nell H. Cole, Mrs. Lester B. Smith and
Foster P.. Charles M., John F., N. Parker
and William E. Cole, a native of Orford.
New Hampshire, aged 72 years 1 month and
6 days.
Ct^Frletids and acquaintances are respsct-
lully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at ll:ao o'clock, at
Plymouth Congregational Church, Pest and
Webster streets. Interment Drivate/ Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland. Please omit
flowers.
DICKINSON— In Oakland. July 4, 1903. James
,K- Dickinson, beloved husband of Mrs. J.
K. Dickinson, a native of Ohio, aged 44
years. A member of Acacia Lodge No. 22,
F .and A. M., and Court Bournemouth, A.
O. F. %
(T?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
July fl. 1903, from the parlors of The Howe
Undertaking Company, 157(1 Grove street,
corner Twenty-second. Cremation Oakland
Crematory, •
ELLISON— In this city, July 7. 190:}, Samuel,
beloved husband of the late Jennie D. Kill -
con. ar.d father of Jeannctte E. Ellison, a
native of Norway, aged 71 years and 21
days. • .
CFricnrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-TOorrcw (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. .._„_ .
ERICKSON — In this city. July 7. 1903, Caro-
line, beloved wife of A. F. Erickson, mother
of Amy. Fred and .Robert Erickson, and sis-
ter of O. G. and C. E. Carlson, Mrs. Emma
Wlnterf-cn, Mrs. S. Turnhlad and^Mrs. II.
Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged 40 years
8 months and 14 days.
(T7Frlends dnd .icquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the. parlors
• iif Halsted & Co., OJtt Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel HI!I Cemetery. Remains at 872
Greenwich street.
GARRITV — In this city. July 5. 1903, Kath-
erine R., beloved daughter of Hannah M.
and lh<? late Puter Garrlty, a native of Sat:
Franc! rco. - -
CTTiie funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence, 121UA Scott street,' thence lo St. Igna-
tius Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
10 o'clock. Interment -Holy Cross Cemetery,
by electric funeral, car irom Eighteenth und
Guerrero streets.
HAMILTON— In Camn Pistolesl, July 6, 1903,
Charles Frederick Hamilton, aged 38 years.
IDTFrien^s and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence at Sausilito, thence by Sausalito boat
to San Francisco, thence by II o'clock oreek
boat to Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, under the auspices of Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers, Division No.-2S.'{.
HANLON— In this city., Julv 6. 1003, John J .
beloved son of John and Ellen "llanlon. and
brother of W. J. Hanlon of Stockton, Pal ,
Phillip N.. ' Robert D. and Katie Hanlon
Mrs. Mary Greany, Mrs. C. D. Boehm and
L_ __rc E^^S^J. T .t1£ 9 ITY ~~~T1
P OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. |
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr7
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School,
. , Telephone South HO. :> , ,.-....
united undertakers;
\ — Funeral Directors; and Embalmers-' ' .
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. : '
Now at 8C0 MISSION. Tel. South 107. :
Between Fourth and Fifth,' Near Fifth St.
: Finest Equipments ut Moderate Rates.
• PEKSOXALS— CnwHntied. :
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits .overcoats
find trousers, at CHARLES LYONS. London
Tatior. 721 Market et.
tiuperflunun hair & moles reuK»*«d £*££*$£?<
Trie r.oMie. Mr?. & Mi*s Uaton. 1113 Sutler.
PALsTlSTaV.
MADAM HEVasT ecimttfiTpalmUt and astrol-
ogirt; office* KVt Market et : $1 palm read-
ings a frwcialty; booklet pratis. J. feTAK
'•KAMBKRIJX,' Manager.
PArremi axgIxg. gA"JJJ£ G ' ET^'
ROOMS papered, f 3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hanmann Pelnt Co., 319 3d ft.: tel. Main 418
PARTNERS AV 'A^ T^^_____
525<^— PARTNER real estate office; need en-
ertretlc roung man: une who can attend to
. r<fficf. Apply 131 Mnnteomery St., 'room 11.
PHYSICIA>S AXP61-'RGEOXi*«
DIir^T^cT^^DONXELL^Offlce and residence.
lC2li£ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED— DrT WONG HIM. herb doctor:
«reats all <Jise*ses of the human body; for
fast Jcur years at 115-H" Mason; now lo-
"cated at 6b"l Jeary rt.. near Leavenworth.
I>R. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tai. berb doctor; cure* all diseases of human
fcy use ct herbs and teas. 727 Washlncrton st.
VL.OOD i>km and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1CT3H Market Bt. ¦ .
VOXG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured ty Chinese herbe. 74fl-6 Clay st.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPISG.
A NEW apartment house; furnished and un-
furnished rooms; new management; elevator;
hot and cold water. 104a Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower: cut rates now for summer. 008
Sd ft.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
BUCHANAN. BM— Tw» pleasant housekeeping
rooms-; paf range ; also alcove suite, complete.
ELEVENTH. 306—2 or 3 sunny furnished
ronnif for housukcepinc
ELLIS. «;«".:— Three nicely furnished, sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath; phone.
.FIFTH. So3— 3 furnished. 2 beds. $20; 3. $13 50,
hnufkwptos; 2. S1Z>; single rooms, $4 up.
CCEBBEBO. 220— Three sur.ny nicely furnish-
ed housekeepins rooms; phone, bath and
gas range.
* HERBERT CThe)— Sunny apartments for
house keeping; gas ranges ; just newly fur-
nUhefl. 1530 Polk et.
HOWARD. 10C3— 2 Bunny, completely furnished
housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY, 1C4 — 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
$20; no children.
LINDEN ave., CS2 — Two nice, sunnj* house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
MISSION, 845 — Two nicely furnished rooms
', for housekeeping; nice yard for children.
OAK. 117 — Sunny furnished cult's. J12 and ?S;
gas range, hot bath, launJry; cir.gle $.i;
• a<3ultc.
•^SACRAMENTO. 1323—1 furnished or 2 unfur-
• e'ehed Iront rooms; new flat.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Model housekeeping rooms;
newly furnished; free gas late; eunny; $3
to $12 month.
. StTTEIt. 2030— Sunny furnished and unfu--
nisfctd roome; l'ght housekeeping; use laun-
dry and bath; no children: rents $6 to $S mo.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3267 — Two furnished rooms;
bay window. Applj- o71 Lexington ave.
VALENCIA. JS7 — Three large. Funny rooms,
frrnished complete fr>r houpr keeping; separate
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no small children; rent $22 50.
, A BRAKCH office for Call advertisements ar.d
FuT>scrirti'"'»s has been established at 1006
Valencia ft.
KOO.IIS TO LET I-Drn. and ( nfurn.
A— "
GRAND AKMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT. AUGUST. 1903.
•The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions or the. Grand Army of the Republic
tvas arrar.g'-d
With the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY,
1027 Vs MARKET STREET,
To act with the Committee in locating
visitors to the Encampment, m private
* Ttfldenees. hoarding and rooming- houses.
. llousebslder* desiring to accommodate visit-
ors ar._- lfguf-st^.i to notify, without delay, the
«ity Kocm P.mting Agency of accommo-
dation* as they have to offer. None but thor- j
ouchly respectable houses will be listed, and i
the si!» trf]} be puhjtct to inspection by a |
retrtsentsiiv* of the Axcocy. and in all
vat's ir.us-t be snuovt-d bf the G. A. R.
QMBSBttSM of Management before visitors
will be assiEnfd thereto.
A.A.—
City Room Renting Acen-y,
¦ 1C27'*. llaiket et. Phone Allnt 1006
i-'RLlC FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Room* with or Trtthout beard.
Housrkeejjinjc Rooms cr Hotels.
' A— HOTEL NHTHERLAXD — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TL'RK ST., 4 DOOHS FROM
: MARKET; 250 OL'TSIDE ROOMS; ETEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE B* EVERY
* KOOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES B" THE MONTH.
: a— HOTEL CHATS TON IS,
?;« GEARY i-T.. 1'HOXK 8CSH S.KO.
CENTRALLY 1/x'ATEIJ; ELKGANT SUITES
WITH HATH AND SINGLES.
A— -IiKUNSWICK House, 14* '-Sixth — Rooms
2Sc to fl per Jiicht. fl 25 to $5 per week, and
Sight housekeeping rooms; open ai! cl£ht.
AT "The Almonte," STS Market st. (cr No. 1
Tilth ft.)— Uocffis, 2Sc. 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$•1 W» to $10 »etk; open ail night. j
. A LARGE .'un.lthe'l room for 1 or 2 gents; 1
m t«ith; runn;r.g vat^r; rt terenees. f>&) Po^t st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market — (old No. 13C4)— F"ur-
niEl.. -. rooms, tuites. sincle; also turnished.
CLIFFORD— 2lH E:Us, cor. Masan— E'.ecantiy
fwm titled tunny room*; price* rt-asoaable.
BDDT, 2M>— Elegantly furnlf.hc-d sunny rooms;
private; travelers solicited.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Uccros 60c
to Jl 50 nirfct; $2 to $G wttk; reatling-room.
[IAB8XSOK. TM's. nr. 4th— Finely furn. eunny
rooms.; bath; eO conv.; homelike; $1 wk. up.
HOTEL i-T. VINCENT. 541 fcixth— Beautifully
furr'.rhed; rooms eincle or en eulte: $1 per !
tveek Kp. j
31Vl>iJ. BIO. near Rutter — A large, furniehej
. M»tm; rent tft.
'.V;LL13KaE House. 353 OFarrell— New man-
agement; lft class. J. Collin, late of Avandel.
SflSSIOK. 1-<-T.»;, — Furnislie-1 rooms with batj,
f 1 >) per week up. :
O FARHELL. 2'J — tunny furnished rooms and
df.Cfff. elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
•ROYAL Houye. 12ti Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per nicht, cr»c to $1 iO. week. $2
to S£; month. $a to $50; tlfvator en ground
floor; rocir* with hot and cold water; baths.
SUITER. 15.11 — One lane*, furnished front rocm
«ith private tell ar.d telephone.
TAYLOR. 2-12— I^arge. front, sunny room for 2
n.fD or light li<;u.*ekecjiing; private family.
TO let— A newly furnished front bay-window
room !n new mod'-rn flat, with use of bath;
¦ !."< minutes from Third and Market els. ; north
fide of ilarkt-t: handy 4o a nr lines; must
have references. Box 13, Call office.
* TURK. 41B. Regina — Beautiful bur.tiy suites &
•single; latest iraptu; lowert rates in the city.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. sear Market
—409 Firs-ie and family rooms; ZZc to $1
. • r.lrht; fl 75 to $<i week; elevator: electric
llchtf; reading -room; fre« bus aafl baggage.
' VAtEXCIA. 1232 — 2 ninny housekeeping rmi.;
nicely furn!fsb«-<i; ras and bath.
VAX KEi^S. olfl^Handsome sunny furnished
siiJte*: double & single rmi.; terms moderate.
VAN N'i;s.S, 1021 — Lure-, sunny rocm: Ia7ge
clop^t?; suitable for two; reasonable; ether
.• rooms.
VINCHEsfiTrilotel. 44 3d et, near Market—
Meet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
."> to $1 50 niehi: ?2 to $S week; elevator;
'¦'"' l!;-ht»: reading-room: free bur: baggage.
noOHK AND BO.UID.
• AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ET.
fctrictly Crst-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suit * or single; billiards; stesm beat. .
VAN NESS" 1714^Sclect private boardlng-
• hou*.; rooms tingle or en eulte; desirable io-
catlon; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex SC7 California st.— Attractive ln-
terior; «:i:cfptlonai table; free billiards room.
CUNNT furnlEhed rooms wlta board. $5 week:
private bath. 827 Mteslon st.
THE JOHNSON. C05~ O'FarreU et.— Sunny
tultes and tingle rooms, with board: refs.
ROOWS AKD^OARD WA.VTEP.
' *'ANTEIj — Furnit-hed bedroom: clean; one
M'v k from cars; private family preferred;
breakfast only. A'Jdret,g box 2505. Call office.
noons waxtbd.
TOrNCf /er.tleman with references desires to
rent furnished room with private family,
jrood lucatlon: cottage preferred; state terms,
¦\. 3S,. *U C*i«>«Aj I'ostornce. '
the late Edward S." and Henry P/ Hanlon, a
native of Calaveras County, California.
i cyFrlends and -acquaintances are respect-
' . fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
- dence, 601 Seventh : street; corner of Bran-
. nan, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
solemn. requiem high mass, will-be celebrated
for the> repose of his soul, commencing at
0:30 o'clock. 'Interment HoVj' Cross Ceme-
tery.
HENRY— July 7. 1903. Lois Henry. -• beloved
c daughter ol Sarah Henry, a native of Call-
\ foritia. -- ¦ ' • '¦ * , - ¦
KAIGHIN— In Sacramento, July 5. 1903. John
Carroll, beloved son of John C. and Ada
Kaighln, and brother of Edna Kaighin, a
native of San "Francisco, aged 2 'years. ! .
IcyFrienris and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of ' his parents, 43 Sanchez street, be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth. Intfr-
ment- Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage*.
LARSEN— In this- citr. July 6. 1903, Lorentz'
K. Lareen, a native of Denmark, aged 35
years <! months and 25; days.
IE3"Fnentls and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Carnenters" Union No. 483 are re-
i .spectfully Invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. r~>
LUNDSTROM— In Ross Valley, July_ 5, 1903,
. Annie .W. Lundstrom, dearly beloved wife ol
the late John A. Lundstrom, and beloved
mother of Harold and Lloyd Lundstrom, a
native of San Francisco, aged 46 years.
lEyFrlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:15 o'clock, at
the chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San
Francisco. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. ; .
MEYER— In this citv. July 6. 1903. Jacob
Meyer, a native of EssllnKen, Wurtembers,
Germany, aged 60 years 8 months and 0
days.
MONTELL — In Alameda, July 6, 1903, Grace
Gould, wife of George A. Montell, and
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. Minor
Smith.
(E7"Funeral servlcfs Wednesday, July 8,
1»<W. at 1 o'clock, at 2721 Buena Vista ave-
nue. Interment private.
SCOLARI— In this city, July 5, 1903, Giuseppe
Scolari, beloved M>n of Maria Scolari. and
beloved brother of Pietro and Bartelomeo
Scolari, Angelina Bozzini, Assunta Grossl
and Lucia and Rosa Scolari, '¦ a native of
Switzerland, ased 27 years.
CCKFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the un-
dertaking parlors of laccherl, Duclos & Co.,
(>a9 Broadway, between Stockton and Du-
pont streets. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery.
STEVENS— In this city, July 6, 1903, Alfred
H. Stevens, beloved husband of Harriet Ann
Stevens, and father of Hazel, Alfred. Har-
old end George Stevens, a- native of Maine,
aged 04 'years 4 months and 5 days. A
member of Tamaliials Camp No. 427, W.
O. W.
- (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltf-d to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at I o'clock, from James Ha-
waii's undertaking parlors, 445 Valencia
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ULRICH— In this city. , July 7. 1003, at the
residence of her parents, 38 Washington
avenue, between ElEhth and Ninth, Mission
and k Howard streets, Gertrude E. Ulrich,
dearly beloved daughter of Louis and Frieda
Ulrich. a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months and 28 davs.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of llvlnc members, will be sung In
£ St. Dominic's Church Wednesday, at 0
o'clock. ¦ _^^stage station a' few miles farther on,
from whefe a horseman was hurried by a
trail to Leesville. Sheriff Sherer was no
tified and with a posse immediately left
for the scene of the holdup. He was not
lon^ in finding the trail, which led down
the mountain grade toward the valley.
The robber did not molest the mallbaga
or Wells, Fargo & Co.'s box and only se
cured about $200 in money from the thir
teen passengers. He said he did not want
the watches or Jewelry — that he was out
for cash only. The robber was of me
dium size, with light hair and blue eyes.
The description .tallies exactly with that
of the bandit of last year, and the officers
suspipit'an ex-convict named Lemos, a
Portuguese about 27 years of age, for
whose arrest there is now a standing re
ward of $C00.
Driver Williams, who Is now with the
Sheriff's posse, had a former experience
with stage robbers and only a few years
ago In Napa County he was with Con
gressman Bell and a. party when they
surrounded Bandit Buck English. It was
a bullet from -Williams' trifle that brought
English to earth and caused his capture.
Williams was also wounded in the fight.
was nearing the ''summit of Brim. Moun
tain and the driver ¦was narrating the In
cidents of .the first holdup, when all on
board were startled by the loud com
mand:
.. "Hold up your team and every passen
ger get out and stand here in a line, and
hurry up about It."
At the same time a masked man stepped
into view from a clump of bushes. His
rifle was leveled at the stage. The pas
sengers climbed out and at the bandit's
direction lined up on the roadside. Then
they were commanded to lay their money
in the middle of the road, in a pile. When
they had complied the road agent ordered
them back into the stage and told the
driver to move on, adding that he intend
ed to camp at that spot until dark and
would shoot the first person who attempt
ed to come back to give the alarm. .
One of "the women, Mrs. Helms of Up
per Lake, had $5 50. The highwayman
asked .her why she. was going to Bartlett
with only that amount of money. On her
replying that she lived at Upper Lako, he
gave it back to her, remarking that nfie
could get along with it there.
Driver Williams hurried his team to the
BARTLETT SPRINGS STAGE, WHICH WAS HELD UP NEAR THE DIVID
ING LINE BETWEEN COLUSA AND LAKE COUNTIES BY A MASKED
BANDIT, WHO ROBBED THE THIRTEEN PASSENGERS OF MONEY.
Get the Wasp's pictorial history of the
Pacific Cable. Sold by Newsdealers. . •
Oor bin dynamo flew to pieces recently, but
we're prtaUns again. MyseU-RoIIlns, 22 Clay.*
The Civil Service Commissioners yester
day adopted the following rules:
Rule 24 is amended to read that all per
sons eligible for permanent positions can only
waive certification to appointment but; once
Rule 15 Is. amended to provide that when' It
Is necessary to reduce the force ; of appointees
In any office' permanent employes last appoint
ed ghall bo the first to be relieved from duty
Temporary appointees shall be laid off In ln
veree order of rank on the eligible list
New Rules of Civil Service.
The Second Battalion, Nineteenth Infan
try, has been ordered to Vancouver Bar
racks ' and will : ; leave within ¦' a'^ few. days'.
The departmental target practice ;"at ' the
new' ranges near ¦ Benicia Barracks , has
commenced. Captain West, has recovered
from his long lllness'and ia again on duty
at department headquarters.". ';
News in Army Circles.
M. Young, proprietor of a restaurant at
SOS Koarny street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Conlan yesterday for
the arrest of Fred Morse on a charge • of
misdemeanor embezzlement. He said he
put Morse in charge of the restaurant for
a few days and that Morse was shprt in
hie accounts to the extent of $20.
Short in His Accounts.
Reduced rates on household goods to * from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery st.»
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without see
ing Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful Jewelry store in the world. Vis
itors or purchasers are equally welcome
221 Montgomery et.. bet. Bush and Pine •
To Visit San Francisco
The Havana Commercial Company and
Ehrxnan Brothers & '¦- Co. have settled
their differences and the sensational suit
brought by the former against the local
firm will not come to trial. Ehrman
Brothers & Co. paid the Havana Com
mercial Company $3000 . for selling cigars
that were made in this ¦ country, but
which had the same labels as were on
the Imported article. Ehrman Brothers
& Co. agree not to infringe on the foreign
company's rights in future.
Tobacco Houses Compromise.
We are selling agents for several foun
tain pens, including the "Waterman," the
"Swan" and the "Marshall," the best $1.00
fountain pen ever made. Sanborn,' Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Fountain Pens.
H. M.' Saunders. business agent of the
Building Trades Council, was convicted
by Police Judge Fritz yesterday on the
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement and
was ordered to appear for sentence on
July 14. He was accused of embezzling
$25 which was handed to him last August
by J. J." Allen as a contribution from
Cornlcemakcrs' Union No. 104 to the fund
for the benefit of striking coal miners In
Pennsylvania. Saunders' attorney raised
the technical ' point that Saunders was
not an agent of the Cornlcemakers' Union
and in that respect the complaint was
defective, but the Judge ruled against
him.
Saunders Is Convicted.
President Stader in his report i to the
association stated that the term just
closed had been a most successful one
that deserves to be inscribed j in -scarlet
letters; that in the past six months more
than seventy members had been admitted,'
and that • the association had prospered
financially. ' The juvenile section S num
bers 200 pupils, the singing. section eight
een and the dramatic section eight, while
the shooting, section numbers twenty- two.
Chris Etader. president; D. Stegeman.' vice
president: W. Krouse, recording secretary; F.
Herlen, corresponding: . secretary; D.^ Brune,
financial secretary; T. '. Nicolalnon,
treasurer; Ad Welner, leader; . Richard
Sless, sergeant at arms; C F. Sperling, Alwin
Fischer and John Stegeman, trustees; ¦ Al. H.'
Menne, Dr. F. von Bulow and Fred ; Hauser/
directors. . ' _ ' \
The following named officers elected. by,
the Mission Turn Verein were installed
last/evening in the association's hall. on
Eighteenth street, near Valencia: ;- •
President Tells of Progress the As
sociation Has Made in Term \
Just- Ended.. . * *
MISSION TUBN VEBEIN ' ;
INSTALLS NEW OFFICERS
The North Shore Railroad has com
promised the suit brought by Mrs. Edith
O. Smith as guardian for her daughter.
Dorothy, who was one of the victims of
the terrible railroad accident which oc
curred on June 21/ near Point Reyes. A
stipulation signed by both parties was
filed In the County Clerk's office yester
day. The child is to receive $1000 for in
juries she suffered. She sustained a frac
ture of the skull and minor Injuries.
Suit was filed for $3)00.
Compromises Damage Suit.
To-day and yesterday Kelly & Liebes
really captured the v town by crowding
their store with ladies buying the many
bargains at their removal' sale of suits
and cloaks, skirts and waists. Yet it is
no wonder when $3.50 polka dot tailor
skirts, linen and crash skirts are sell
ing at 50 cents and $1.23; shirt waists In
all shades, 00 cents, at 120 Kearny street.*
CAPTTJBED THE TOWN.
California Sun. Wind and Dust
Cause Eye Strain. Granulation and Red
ness. Murine Eye Remedy restores; cures
Eye Diseases, soothes Eye Pain; aids
those wearing glasses; doesn't smart.
Ladies' favorite toilet requisite. 50c, drug
gists and opticians. •
Mre. Clara Dugan, 58 Minna street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Fritz
yesterday for the arrest of her husband,
Edward F. Dugan. a conductor on the
Geary street line, on a charge of battery.
One of her eyes was closed and her face
bore other marks of her husband's fists.
Bbe said j that she and her husband had
been living apart and he had contributed
to the support of the two young children.
On Monday night he called upon her. but
instead of paying her the weekly allow
ance lie caned her vile names and brutal
ly beat her. She said he had often beaten
her and that was why she could not live
with him.
Warrant for Wife Beater.
The assessment roll prepared by Asses
sor Washington Dodge for the ensuing
fiscal year was inspected yesterday by a
large number of citizens. Twelve appli
cations for reduction of assessment were
filed with the clerk of the Board of Su
pervisors. The applications were all .on
small assessments, the largest being
$3000, which the applicant desires to have
reduced to $2000. The Board of Super
visors will sit as a board of equalization
to-morrow evening and hear and pass
upon the applications for reduction on file
at that time.
Want Assessment Reduced.
The 'great removal sale of Kelly &
Liebesi 120 Kearny. created a rush in their
store on account of the low prices among
the many bargains offered in the corset
jacket, valued $10.00. at $4.90. The entire
stock as same low rates. •
LADIES ABE PLEASED.
The San Francisco and Oakland em
ployes of the Columbia Phonograph Co.
celebrated on the Fourth in a picnic par
ty at Niles Canyon, followed by a lire
works display and general entertainment,
the close of a phenomenally successful
Fix months' business, every month in
vhich has been a record breaker. This
concern is operated upon a profit sharing
basis; and the steady growth of Its busi
ness is regarded by the management as
an evidence of the value of the system,
ns well as of the superiority of Columbia
Roods. The Columbia Phonograph Com
pany i^the largest concern of its kind in
the "world, operating its own stores in all
<if the principal cities of America and
Europe, and has long been recognized as
the leader in the development of "talking
machine" ideas. It now has three Pa
<-TRc Coast establishments, with a fourth
in contemplation. •
Employes of Columbia Phonograph
Co. Celebrate Their Success.
The demurrer of the city was sustained
yesterday by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow in the suit of Nicholas Bowden,
as executor of the last will of Laura G.
Delaney, deceased; Mary A. McCurrie,
Peter P. Wynants, Samuel W. Holladay,
Nathaniel Jacobs, Edmund Burke Holla
day, .Tames D. Whitney, Fred J. Cas,tle
hun and 'Frank R. .Whitcomb against the
City arid County, of San Francisco, and
the case was dismissed.
The' suit was brought to quiet title to
Lafayette 'scuarel On March 3 -of this
year Franklin K. Lane, as City Attorney,
Mod a demurrer to the amended bill, al
leging that the complainants had.no title
to the ground, that there was a mtsjolnder
of parties and that the case was not one
in equity. This litigation, in some form,,
or rather in several forms, has been pend
ing in various courts for a score of years,
and no sooner Is one suit killed than an
other pops up its. head. ' - : ;
The complainants will take an appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States.
Lafayette Square Claimants Must Go
to the Superior Court for
Belief.
JUDGE MORROW SUSTAINS
DEMURRER OF THE CITY
COLUSA, July 7.— At the spot on
the Brim 'grade a few miles east
of the dividing line between Co
- lusa and Lake counties, where the
Bartlett Springs "stage was held
up in July last year by a lone highway
man, the job was again successfully ac
complished yesterday afternoon by a ban
dit. From the cool manner in which his
work was done and the method he used,
the officers feel positive that one man is
responsible for both robberies.
The six-horse Bartlett Springs stage,
with "Driver John Williams on the box,-
In the inquest into the cause of death
of Joseph Molinari, an aged Italian shoe
maker, who was killed on June 17 by be
ing struck by car No. 20 of the California
street line at the crossing of California
and Dupont streets, a similar verdict, ex
onerating the gripman, was rendered. The
testimony was that Molinari was cross
ing the street with a box on his shoulder
as the car was coming down the steep
grade, and that the motorman not only
rang his bell continuously, but shouted
at Molinari as well. The front of the car
struck Molinari, throwing him to the
ground and fracturing his skull.
"We also find that the gripman did all
that was possible to avoid the accident,
and no blame attaches to him, the death
being accidental."
John Stewart, a son of the decedent,
testified that the car was traveling at a
high raie of speed. After specifying the
cause of death the verdict goes on as
follows:
A coroner's jury exonerated from blame
yesterday C. B. Blennerhassett. motor
man, for the death of "ft*. R. Stewart, an
octogenarian who resided at 253 Pierce
street. Stewart was struck by a gravel
car of the United Railroads while he was
crossing the street near his home on June
19. Several of his ribs were broken and
he died shortly afterward In the Central
Emergency Hospital.
to Avert Accident.
CABMEN EXONERATED
BY A CORONER'S JURY
Gripman and Motorxnan Held to
Have Done Everything Possible
As soon as Evans left the courtroom, he
was served with another warrant- charg
ing him with battery and was booked at
the City Prison. The complaining witness
is Mrs. Jean Kgan of DOS Mason street, a
friend of the Barry woman, who alleges
that on June 27, three days prior to the
alleged battery on Mamie Barry, Evans
assaulted her at 131 Taylor street and
gave her an unmerciful beating and kick
ed her on the arms and legs. . She showed
her arms, which were covered with
bruises.
J. ML Evans Arrested on Two
Charges. One of Which Has
Been Heard.
Troubles are multiplying' around J. M.
Evans, saloon-keeper at 115 Eddy street.
He was arrested last week on complaint
of Mamie Barry of 131 Taylor street, for
battery. When the case was called before
Police Judge Fritz yesterday the woman
produced a handful of her auburn locks,
¦which, she said, Evans had pulled out of
her head. After hearing other evidence
the Judge reserved his decision till to
morrow.
SALOON-KEEPER ACCUSED
OF BATTEEY ON WOMEN
Masked Road Agent Interrupts the Driver's Narrative About a Robbery of
Yesteryear and Indulges in Pleasantry as He Relieves Men and Women
of Their Summer Outing Funds Amounting \ to Two Hundred Dollars
BANDIT HALTS THE BARTLETT STAGE
AND COLLECTS COIN OF PASSENGERS
All day yesterday and Monday the store
of Kelly & Llebes, 120 Kearny, was crowd
ed with buyers fitting themsejves out with
$20 tailor suits at $10.00. All other goods
at same reduced rates. •
LADIES GO THERE.
The schooner Glen, 121 tons, was sold at
auction yesterday by United States Mar
shal Shine and -was knocked down for
$1100. The »al% was - In execution of ' a
judgment -of , the United States District
Court.. -
Schooner Qlen Sold.
Petitions in bankruptcy were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
by Adolph LJon, baker, San Francisco,
liabilities $1967, no assets, and Ansel B.
Coombs, merchant, Vallejo, liabilities $788,
no assets.
Petitions in Bankruptcy.
Nicholas C. Decker filed suit against
the Market Street Railway yesterday for
$5000 damages. for injuries received in the
collision between Fillmore-street electric
car and a Haight-street cable car on the
morning of May 30. Decker suffered a
wrenched spine, sprained limbs and in
ternal injuries. He alleges he was con
fined to his bed for two weeks. This is
the first suit filed as the result of the ac
cident.
Sues Market-Street Hallway.
In connection with the trial an appli
cation was made for the purpose of com
pelling Dunsmuir to produce documents
dealing' with the alleged payment of $5000
to the firm of Wilson & Wilson of San
Francisco, which, it was urged, was done
for the purpose, not of probating tho will,
but'of Inducing Mrs. Alexander Dunsmuir
to enter into an agreement with James
Dunsmuir, which she did.
Mrs. Dunsmuir, by the agreement, was
entitled not only to $25,000 a year, but to
half of the profits from any business in
terests which her late husband had In the
State of California. The Judge held that
the- check for the $5000 should be produced.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 7.— The trial of
the suit brought by Enda Wallace %op^
per against James Dimsmulr for the pur-'
pose of setting aside the -will of the late
Alexander Dunsmulr opened to-day*before
Justice .Irving. Previous to the formal
opening of the proceedings the examina
tion of James Dunsmuir was continued
before the registrar. Dunsmuir refused to
answer any questions as to the amount of
slock held by his brother, as to whether
the witness now controlled It or whether
he had in his possession documents which
would reveal this. Further examination
was therefore deferred by Mr. Duff.
The refusal of Dunsmuir to answer
these questions and the objection of the
trial Judge to having the case further de
layed caused Mr. Bodwell. counsel for the
plaintiff, to Intimate tnat he was serious
ly considering whether or not to put in
any evidence. Finally an adjournment
was taken until to-morrow, »when the ac
tion will probably proceed. Dunsmuir, the
defendant, has been ordered to answer
the interrogatories regarding the value of
the estates and business Involved In the
action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hopper-Dunsmuir Case
Comes Up in Court
at Victoria.
LAWYERS SEEK
THE DOCUMENTS
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, WBDNBSDAT, JULY 8, 1903.
14
A-DVEBTIgMENTS^^
SPECIAL SALE
...OF...
Itafffta l==
Striped ' ¦ ¦ ¦ L ¦ Checked
=H ..SILKS.-, F==?
AtLcssThan HALF PRICE
On Mondau, Julu 6th, and during week
following, we will Dlace on SPECIAL SALE
about 5000 YARDS OF THIS SEASON'S
' LATEST STYLE OF SILKS, suitable for the
DODular shirt-waist suits. These silks are in
a varietu of colorings, including Black and
White, Navu and White, Brown and White,
Green and White, etc, with Colored Satin
StriDss, and we shall offer them for sale at
the unusuallu low price of
60 c per yard>
Regularlu sold at $1,25 uar(ii
Will also Dlace on sale 750 dozen Ladles 1
Sheer Linen Hemstitched and Initialed Hand-
kerchiefs at 60c Der half dozen. Regular
value $2.00 dozen, Sold onlu in half dozen
lots.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Wednesday. Thursday, Friday. Saturday.
FOR YOUR CASH WE GIVE YOUR MONErS
FULL WORTH-MO MORE. HO LESS.
BEST EASTERN HAMS Ib I4#0
AU sizes, selected, auzar-eared.
PURE SALAD OIL, 20c qt bot 130
Can equal to six bottles, 73c.
FANCY MIXED CAKES Ib I5o
Fresh frcm ABC Bakery. Regular 20c and
23c variety.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE, 2 bo ts 25c
Genuine J. Marshall &. Co. Sample at ators.
SHOE DRESSING bottle 5o
"Mason's." For ladies' ahoea. Regular 10c
ENGLISH BREAKFAST TEA... Ib 33^c
Or Greea Japan. New and Full-flavored.
Regular SOc.
JAVA and MOCHA COFFEE, ''broken"
3 lbs 50c
The broken berries from the best coffee. Ex-
ceptional value.
CREAMERY BUTTER ..square 35c
BEST BUTTER large square 40c
You can pay- elsewhere 45c or SOc
BEST EGGS, fresh 2 dozen 45c
BENZILENE SOAP. ... 6 tar*e bars 25c
Twice the value of Fels-Naptha. Hot or cold
water.
MASON JARS . . . .pints 45c, quarts 55c
WHISKY, an brands qt bot 78c
Old Crow. Hermitage. Old Castle. Old Govern-
ment. Jesee Moore or Monogram AA.
TABLE CLARET, XXX gal 40c
Rich dinner wine.
SWEET WINES, "Elsen" gal 88c
Port. Sherry. Angelica. Pure «nd well *«fd.
Regular price $1 23.
SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY.
LIST OF 20 BARGAINS AT STORE.
22 LB § BEST SUGAR <j)|
Extra Dry Granulated Cane.
On all orders amounting' to Two Dollars «r
over.
1001 FILLMORE ST~ 119 TAYLOR ST.
Don't experiment— buy a
j|^< StudebaKer
vehicle and
expense.
Studebaker Bros. Qx
.GUTLlERtiT
EVERy:BLAI£.MRRRAhJTn^
AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
J. MARTY, 22 TURK ST.
Factory 826 Howard St.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. "S^/V-
We Leave in a Few Days.
Save Money Now.
iUyL^'^^^llb Bl ! ys a B -°' V s tliree "Pi ece
I Jfjl Illll of anybody's money, all
tRl MS anc * Cheviots in shapely
JSP styles and p'easing col-
Ji|F ors, full of snap and go.
S$& See the suits we are
Bm selling f <?r Man, Boy and
MSj Child prior to leaving for
jg&k Hm our new s^ ore a^
iiP W H6-J18 Market street.
Hf &¥ ie var^ e^y ' s s^ £ ooc *
m JsF y° u can '* *-° *~ inc * a^
1 Jjr you want. The prices
so low you can't afford
to miss them. Come
now. Don't delay.
It costs nothing to look
and you save money to buy.
MILL TO MAN.
WHOLE- OOfl|M^ BROS.' RETAILING
caip B£rilBB M^y WW B^g o*f#Q«' DIRECT
cioTHiERS !2H23SANS0M£SH to.you
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
fiaekfrem the Weeds
Seashore, Mountain, and Spring; Fire-works, Ora-
tory and "good times." Back to make home more
comfortable, and, to . this opportuniy of doing it
At Little Cost:
Cottage Carpet 30c.
Th4 Sanitciry Floor Covering
Will wear longer than matting that costs more and makes as kood ap-
. pearance as. some high priced carpets. It may be laid either side up; a
. , choice of a solid color .or a handsome pattern In each piece. Floral, figured
; aud Oriental designs; a yard wide. Measuring, Sewing, Laying, Lining, 30c
Tapestry Carpet 65c.
This season's patterns, and good ones. Scroll, roses and Afgan In red,
, green or tan.; , It would be economy to select now even if you are not ready
v to lay it for months, yet.; Measuring, Sewloj, Laying ana Lining, 65 Cents.
,, ,We have, fitted up. many nice homes, with: this grade.. If you have
them on anothers' floors you would think they cost not less than r.iii
;, With or without borderland a wide range of color and pattern, a choice for
.any room in the house. Measuring. Sewing. Laying. Lining. 90c.
Inlaid Linoleum, 1.15
Where the wear is considerable or It is to remain a long time, it pays
to get inlaid linoleum. The pattern runs through, consequently can't wear
out. • Bright, new designs. Measured and 'Laid, $1.15.
Figured Linoleum, 5Qc.
Linoleum has come to be. a necessity but this grade is usually sold at
a price that classes it as a luxury. ,WeVe a car-load in very attractive de-
signs that we will take measurements andlayon your floor at 50c. sq. yd.
233 235 237^ Post Street