SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
Ruef ought not to be in the Republican council listening to the plans of campaign when the
party leaders are organizing the forces for the clash of , battle. The : leadership of - the party in this
campaign is placed in the hands of Henry J. Crocker, 'and every man who is privileged to participate
in making preparations for the fight should be + absolutely loyal to the leader. Daylight conferences in
the Republican camp and midnight interviews in 1 the camp of the enemy might suit the fancy of Ruef,
but the loyal Republicans of. San Francisco. expect trie ¦campaign to be conducted on fair and square
lines. "If Ruef is a non-combatant- let him go to his proper place in the rear. If he is a Democrat let
him get into the Democratic camp. If he is a Union Labor man let ; him, join the Schmitz faction or
the other faction of the Union, Labor party..- If he is a Republican let him go to the . front and fight
for the whole Republican ticket. ¦'..; * ' .
Should Be Excluded From t(epubllcah Councils.
If Mr. Ruef did not occupy a place in the Republican convention as- a delegate duly elected: by
the Republican voters of his district, 1 and if he did not occupy a place in the inner advisory council of
the United Republican League; ho one would- have the right to question his personal preferences.
When he accepted, however, a commission from his constituents to serve the Republican party in. a
nominating convention he surrendered, the right to give his. support -tothe nominee of another party.
The purely personal plea is utterly absurd. Ruef is Mayor. Schmitz's political adviser, and the'mo
tives which guide his action are political. ..".,'
It is common belief if not .common' knowledge in the Republican household and outside of the
Republican oamp that the purely, personal reasons alluded to by -A. Ruef relate to his close personal
affiliation with the nominee for" Mayor on the • Union " Labor ' ticket. It is putting.it mildly
to. say that Ruef is a spectacular faker, but hisfaking lacks the skill to deceive Republicans. He poses
as the one delegate in the 319 men comprising 'the Republican convention who cannot openly indorse
a Republican nominee that has the unreserved support of 318 delegates. It is plain that Mr.-Ruef
reserves the special privilege to himself of supporting some candidate for Mayor other' than Henry
J. Crocker. That reservation may be acceptable to Mr. Ruef and it 'may not incur the displeasure of
Mr. Crocker, but it is. not acceptable 1 to the. Republican voters of Sari! Francisco, who a«e putting for
ward an exceptionally good' ticket and inviting every loyal- Republican'to fall in line for the battle at
the polls. ... "... V ,'",.,.. ."'; ' , ," .
Ruefs Spectacular. Faking Does Not Deceive.
The convention at one time seemed to be just on the verge of a scene. The Forty-fifth As
sembly District responded to the first rollcall of last evening's session with announcement that
fifteen delegates were present. On the call of the roll'f or the Mayoralty nomination A. Ruef, chair
man of the delegation, arose in his- place on the floor of the convention and -announced fourteen
votes for Mr. Crocker. Th<G announcement created some confusion. Ruef signaled to the presiding"
officer of the convention a desire to utter an explanation. • His explanation was a simple declara
tion that the chairman of the Forfy^fifth delegation, for reasons purely personal, refrained - from vot-*
ing. Subsequently Mr. Ruef participated in the deliberations^of the convention by voting, to nomi
nate Sheriff, Auditor, Tax Collector and Treasurer.. ._; . :
THE Republican local convention last evening nominated Henry J. Crocker for Mayor,
Henry H. Lynch for Sheriff,' Harry Baehr for Auditor, E. J., Smith for Tax Collector aiid
John E. McDougald for Treasurer. The nominations were made by acclamation. The ut
most harmony prevailed throughout the session. The unity in the ranks of the party was a theme
dwelt upon by the speakers, and the predictions of Republican success at the polls on November 3
elicited great demonstrations of applause from the delegates on the floor of the convention and the
vast audience in the galleries. The nomination of Mr. Crocker for Mayor was received with signs
of approval. His brief speech accepting the honor bestowed upon him by his fellow citizens of'Repub
lican faith was modest and manly. He did not attempt flights of oratory, but in simple style pledged
his adherence to the principles set forth in the platform, and to render to San Francisco whatever
service it was in his power to give. ;
Jibe Ruef Persist? in Standing by Schmitz
and Refuses to V^efgrJ^pu
Standard JSeareK
Continued on Page 2, Column 8. J
Con tinued on Page 4, Columns 5j 6 and ; 7.
Continued on Page 2, Coluian 5.
Salt Lake Road Orders Engines.
SALT -LAKE, Utah. Sept. 23.-Flfteen
new Baldwin locomotives - have been or
dered by the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad, to be delivered next
January. Six are for passenger service
and nine for freight. "The company has
also placed an order for 400 freight cars.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— In an Interview to
day on the subject of the demand made
upon him through the Admiralty by Ad
miral Lambton for an apology as a re
sult of his reflection upon the shooting
of the British cruiser Powerful's guns
at the siege of Ladysmlth, Lieutenant
General Sir Archibald Hunter, command
ing the forcea In Scotland, said:
"The South African war commission
was appointed to , elicit facts and opin
ions. I am no more infallible than any
one else; but, right or wrong. In my evi
dence before th/£ commission I pronounced
the opinion. Xvhlch I believe to be true,
that the shooting of the naval guns at
Ladysmith was bad. So far as I am con
cerned the matter rests there."
BEFUSES TO APOLOGIZE.
General Hunter Repeats That Naval
Marksmanship Was Bad.
ROME, Sept. 23.— The Osservatore Ro
mano, the organ of the Vatican, says the
Pope has chosen Monslgnor Giuseppe
Wilpert, the apostolic prothonotary, to be
secretary of state.
His Holiness is much improved in
health. He received the Belgian pilgrims
to-day, and will receive those from
France on September 27. His sister is
slightly better.
LONDON. Sept. 24.— A dispatch from
Rome to the Leader says King Victor
Emmanuel has written a private letter to
the Pope in response to a similar one
from his Holiness In which he urges the
Pontiff to go to Castle Gondolfo. He as
snred Pius X that the Government was
prepared to facilitate his movements and
convenience In every way. It was after
the receipt of this letter from the King
that his Holiness sent bis sister to stay at
Castle Gondolfo and report thereon, and
eventually ordered that repairs be made
and the castle refurnished.
roons on his elevation to the peerage as
a consequence of the death of his father,
the Marquis of Salisbury. , The contest,
which was keenly fought on the fiscal
question, resulted in the conservatives re
gaining the seat, their candidate, Charles
Tuff, receiving 2504 votes against 1984 re
corded for Sir Harry Johnston, Liberal.
The result of- the election leaves the
strength of the parties practically un
changed since the "¦ last contested
election. Tuff, while supporting Mr. Bal
four's retaliation proposals, strongly op
posed placing any tax on food or raw
materials. . < :
Special Dispatch to The Call
King of Italy Ex
tends Courtesy
to Pontiff ,
POPE PIUS
NAMES STATE
SECRETARY
Standard Bearer of Republicans at Coming Municipal Election and Delegates Who Spoke Last Night
OPENS FIRE
AND KILLS
ONE BANDIT
Express Messenger
Baffles Train
Robbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 23.— In an un
successful attempt made by four masked
men to hold up and rob the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation overland train leav
ing Portland to-night at 8:15 o'clock one
of the robbers was shot and instantly
killed and Engineer Ollie Barrett of Port
land was wounded. Express Messenger
Fred Corner fired the shot that killed
the robber and the bullet, after passins
through the bandit's body, wounded the
engineer.
- The men had badly bungled the job
after having successfully stopped the
train and compelled the engineer and fire
man to accompany them in their work.
Instead of attacking the express car they
blew open the door of the baggage car
with dynamite. The noise aroused the
express messenger and he opened his door
and fired at the leading bandit, who stood
at the time but a few feet from him.
The death of the unknown bandit, appar
ently the leader of the party, disheartened
the others and they abandoned the at
tempt to rob the train. 'Not a shot was
fired In return and the ; robbers escaped
before the express messenger could fire
again.
BANDIT IS KILLED.
' The holdup was attempted on the curve
west of a tunnel. Two masked men stole
aboard the train at Troutdale, hiding on
the "blind" end of the baggage car. A
short distance out from Troutdale the
men crept over the tender and covering
Engineer Barrett anfl Fireman Stevenson
with their revolvers, ordered the train to
proceed to a point near mile post 21.
When this spot had been reached the ban
dits ordered the engineer to stop.
. Two other men joined the bandits at
the mile post and the four ordered the
engineer and fireman to accompany them
back to the express car. The robbers,
apparently Ignorant of train formation
and very nervous, attacked the baggage
car. When the doors were not opened
they promptly used dynamite and blew
the door open.
Though he had been ordered, with the
fireman, to keep ahead of the party. En
gineer Barrett managed to slip behind, the
leader. As . the door to the express car
was opened and Corner's gun was poked
out. Barrett was standing directly behind
the man who was under the door. Cor*
ner fired immediately, the bullet instantly
killing the robber and wounding the en
gineer. The. other bandits, frightened by
the shot, retreated.
BAFFLED HOBBEBS ESCAPE.
Engineer Barrett was carried Into the
baggage car and the train was run into
Corbetts, where a telephone message was
sent to Portland to notify the railway of
ficials of the hold-iip. Under Instructions
A bye-eiection was held at Rochester to
day to replace Viscount Cranborne, who
reclined bis seat In the House of Corn-
Meantime every detail of the negotia
tions for filling the vacancies in the Cabi
net is submitted to the Kink who, for the
time being, has transformed Balmoral In
to the political center of the empire from
•which, owing to the unusual influences
at work, several surprises may emanate.
Whatever the results may be they can
*>afe!y be attributed in a lar^e extent to
the King's interest In the crisis.
VICTORY FOB CONSERVATIVES.
Dealing with the surmises upon come
of the foregoing points, the Morning Ad
vertiser to-day said:
"The King in this national emergency
resolved to play the part of a ruler in
stead being content with that of a
figurehead."
This decision has not prevented the
King telling the Ministers that he wanted
something done to improve the military
muddle and that he hoped some man
•would be appointed who, with the com
mission's report as a basis, would be
capable of changing the system which
rendered inefficiency unavoidable. The
question of having some general, notably
Lord Kitchener, as head of the War Of
fice has been keenly discussed at Balmor
al' between the King and the Ministers,
but the consensus of opinion was that
such an appointment would be Interpret
ed as a modified form of military dictat
orship, which the public would not sanc
tion.
After the long conversations he has had
during the last few days at Balmoral'
¦with Lord Lansdowne, Bfiodrick, Lord
Esher, who was president of the South
African war commission; Lieutenant Gen
eral Kenny-Kelly and other military au
thorities, the King is said to have ex
pressed the opinion that Lord Lans
<3ownfc's record as War Secretary was
due more to the badness of the system
then In vogue than to any defect in Lord
Lansdowne's own Judgment. King Ed
ward has not shared the keen public in
dignation against Lord Lansdowne arous
ed by the report of the South African war
commission, and after a minute examina
tion of the circumstances he is under
ctood to have consented to his lordship
continuing as Foreign Minister.
WANTS SYSTEM CHANGED.
Though vith his usual tact the King
has refrained from expressing any polit
ical views or infringing on the Ministers'
prerogatives, this has not prevented him
expressing his desires, amounting almost
to a command, that steps be taken to
remedy the scandals in the army admin
istration, revealed by the report of the
Bouth African war commission, and in
sisting: that the new Cabinet shall be one
Adapted to deal with that question.
To such an extent is the King holding
his power of^veto In reserve that he is
now almost regarded by the Inner circles
as more the Cabinet maker than Balfour
himself.
BOTH KINO AND PHEMIEB.
era.
Premier Balfour's continued presence
at Balmoral has given rise to much sur
mise and comment, but the Associated
Press Is able to state definitely that It is
the King's determination not to assent to
the formation of a new Cabinet until
thoroughly satisfied that Its personnel
and combination is such as to insure the
efficient carrying out of national affairs
pending the resumption of Parliament.
For years previous Cabinets were ap
pointed or Ministerial vacancies filled by
the mere presentation to the sovereign of
the naaes of the new Ministers. King
Edward n<*s done swer xrlLh this-tradi
tion. lie has spent the last few days In
constant conference v.ith Balfour as to
the advisability, from the point of view
of the welfare of the nation, of the lat
ter's suggested appointments. Ministers
r.ow holding office and these nominated
for office have been summoned to Bal
moral to join in these conferences and all
have been subjected to a degree of Inter
rogation such as has surprised even those
wbo knew King Edward Intimately as
the Prince of "Wales.
LONDON. Sept. 23.— The political crisis
has taken on a phase which lends to the
present situation an historical and con
stitutional importance of almost unpre
cedented Interest. The King • has inter
fered—r.ct unconstitutionally or beyond
the powers vested in the crown, but In
the exercise of his prerogatives— to an
extent never dreamed of in the Victorian
(eadjustment of Britain's
Military System One
of His Demands.
Balfour's Hands.
r jakes Cabinet Reor
ganization Out of
Edward Assumes
Actual Control
of Affairs.
KING CEASES
TO POSE AS
FIGUREHEAD
HENRY J. CROCKER IS NOMINATED FOR MAYOR
AMID ENTHUSIASM OF REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
HOPE'S RAY
GLEAMS FOR
PRISONERS
Men Convicted of
Murder Assert
Innocence.
F. Gilkey and Tobias
Richards Hope for
1 Liberty.
Lie in Jail Twenty Year3 for
Alleged Slaying of W.
Bergel.
After spending twenty-one years in San
Quentin for a crime of which they claim
they were innocent, Frank P. Gilkey and
Tobias Richards are anxiously waiting
for the day that will give them their
freedom. Both the men are life termers,
convicted on circumstantial evidence of
the murder of an aged German named
William Bergel in Sonoia. Gilkey was
sentenced to life imprisonment In San
Quentin. Richards, realizing that the
same fate awaited him. pleaded guilty
and was given a similar sentence. James
T. Booker, formerly constable of Sonoma,
who is at present In this city, la satisfied
that both Rlcharfl3 and Gilkey are inno
cent and Is doing all In his power to In
terest the Governor in their behalf.
Armed with affidavits, which conclusively
show that the men are not guilty cf the
murder charged to them. Booker cou
fldently expects that they will soon be
liberated.
One of the affidavits is sworn ta by
Mrs. Spooner, formerly the wife of.
'Charles Tubbs, who at the time of the
murder was well known In Sonora. She
swears, that Tubbs on the night of the
murder returned home in a drunken con
dition. Before retirfng he took from his
pocket a dirk knife, the blade of which
was covered with blood, and hid It un
der the mattress of the bed. Shortly af
ter the conviction of the two men Tubbs
disappeared and has not been seen since.
The other affidavits are sworn to by
James M. Watson and his wife El'a. Both
these affidavits were tiled, along with
other papers, with the Governor in May
last, but v.-ere subsequently withdrawn.
The affidavit of Mrs. Spooneij, Brooker
believes, will materially assist In estab
lishing the innocence of Richards and
Gllkey.
MUEDER OF BERGEL.
In February. 1SS1. William Bergel. who
kept a saloon on the Sonora and Mono
road, about two miles from Sonora, and
who was supposed to have considerable
money, was murdered some time during
the night. His body was found the next
day In the rocks back of the building. He
had been stabbed through the neck and
there was a sheet tied tightly around his
neck.
Frank Gllkey, who lived about a mile
above Bergel's place, found the body.
Gilkey and Bergel had been fast friends.
Gilkey acted as chie.f mourner at the fu
neral and was principal witness at the
Coroner's inquest. Three days later Sher
iff McQuade, now deceased, arrested Gil
key on suspicion. That nigh£ Gllkey
pleaded with the Sheriff to let him go
out home and see his wife on Important
business. After considerable persuasion
on Gllkey's part. McQuade saddled Gil
key's horse, which was in the Jailyard,
brought It to the front of the jail and
let Gllkey go, directing him to take a
circuitous route so as not to go through
the city. McQuade had also saddled his
own horse and when Gilkey had started
he followed him. Gllkey went to a neigh
bor's house and called him up. McQuade
crawled up close enough to hear, part of
th« conversation.
BETT7RNS TO JAIL.
"When Gllkey was ready to return, Mc-
Quade rode home and shortly afterward
Gilkey reappeared at. the Jail. He asked
McQuade If he had followed him. Me-
Quade replied "No," Gilkey replying,
"Well, somebody was pretty close to me,
as my horse warned me." Xext day At
chlson, the person Gllkey Interviewed,
was arrested and he!d as a witness and
Tobias Richards, who had gone to the
lower part of the county, was also ar
rested. Gllkey was found guilty of mur
der In the first degree and sentenced to
San Quentin for life. Richards pleaded
guilty with the understanding he was to
receive the same sentence. They are still
In San Quentin. At the trial the Jury
stoood 11 for murder in the first degree
with the death penalty, but one Juryman
held out for recommending a life sen
tence, which was finally adopted. Gllkey
was a married man and had two sons.
His wife has since married and resides In
Sonora at this time.
GILKEY TELLS HIS STOBY.
Gllkey arrived at San Quentin Prison
dh March 14, 1SS2. His supposed accom
plice. Richards, donned the prison stripes
on April 8, 1SS2. Gllkey was 23 years old
when he arrived and Richards four years
his senior. After being deprived of their
liberty for more than a score of years,
the continual brooding over their trouble
during this Ions period and the vehement
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 11G.
The San Francisco CallCONVICTS AND WOMAN WHO
SAYS THEY WERE UNJTJST
LY CONYICXED, > -.
SEATTLE, Sept. 23.— The American
schooner Abble M. Deering of Seattle.
Captain Ohlemutz,^ bound to this city via
Kadiak Island with thirty-nine passen
gers, was wrecked in the Akutan Pass
on the morning of September 4.
Adverse currents carried the schooner
onto a reef off Baby Island. The passen
gers and crew were landed on the Island,
from which they were picked up the fol
lowing day by the United States revenue
cutter Manning, being later transferred to
the Thetis for this city.
The Deerlngr left Xonw August 27. She
is a total wreck.
American Schooner Ab
bie M. Deering Is a
Wreck.
RUNS ON A REEF
OFF BABY ISLAND
LONDON, Sept. 23.— The Board of Agricul
ture to-day Issued an order withdrawing the
prohibition on th« landing of animals • other
than swine brought to Great Britain from tha
New England States.
MALLEN, Wis., Sept. 23.— Fire nearly
wiped out the village . of Morse, thirty
seven miles south of Ashland, in Ashland
County, early to-day, causing a loss of
$300,000. The saw mill^and. store of T. R.
Chase were destroyed, together with "six
million feet of lumber. - The fire j j also
burned several small buildings in the vi
cinity. The blaze is believed to have been
started by a former employe of -the mill
who was recently discharged. •
N Fire Sweeps a Lumber Town.
The good fellowship committee met im
mediately after adjournment and decided
not to change the report which will be
sent to the convention to-morrow.
Rev. Mr. Dole had offered a resolution
commending the ministers for the excel
lent discharge of their duties, when Rev.
Richard Boynton, a/young minister of St.
Paul, arose and ln a spirited speech asked
for information as to just what Unitarian
theology was. He said he had tried to
discover it, but had failed, and he chal
lenged any minister present to define It
Rev. Mr. Grant, formerly of Newburg
N. Y., explained that Unitarian ministers
have a theology or they have no right to
the pulpit. He said the foundation stone
of Unitarianism is that man is to God as
a child Is to a father; that with this aa a
basis Ideals of manhood could be realized.
The meeting resumed a calm attitude
after this and a report by Dr. Edward
Horton of Boston, which contained a
clause making it necessary for an appli
cant for a certificate to go on probation
for six months previous to being accepted
to full membership, was referred for fur
their consideration to-morrow.
ATLANTIC CITY, Sept. 23.-At to
night s meeting of the conference of the
Unitarian ministers there waa quite a stir
made when It was proposed to exclude the
newspapermen from the room because the
ministers were about to *talk of things
that wero of a private nature to the sect.
Opposition was made to this by some of
the delegates present and the reporters
remained. Rev. D. P. Dole of Boston pre
sided, and when the debate grew quite
personal Rev. Joseph Mail of Philadelphia
moved that the doors be closed and ah ex
ecutive session held.
Young Minister In Con
ference Desires En
lightenment.
QUESTIONS FAITH
OF UNITARIANS
make affidavits to what Tubbs had told them.
Mrs. Spooner even went eo far as to come
here to see us.- After talking to us she made
the Bworn ctatcments right here.
RICHARDS WAS FRIGHTENED.
Tobias Richards was also seen in the
prison yard. He was Interrogn.;e<f about
the facts of the case, but was particularly
non-committal. He said:
Oh. I don't like to talk about our trouble. I
made a Very foolish blunder and by this mis
take not only ruined my own life, but ruined
my friend's life as well. We were both In
nocent, but I was scared into the thing. They
told me that everything was sure and that If
we did not confess it would cost the county
lots of money and that the people all believed
we were guilty and would lynch us. I could
not prove an alibi and had no money or many
friends. 1 was only 28 years old at the time
and not very bright for my s"e.
.When they said I could t^ve Frank's life
and my own, as well as only get a few years,
I agreed to, plead guilty. They told me Frank
would agree if I would. Frank stood trial,
though, but it waa no use. When we both
came here I gave up the Idea of ever getting
out again. When Mr. Booker interested him
self in our case I felt hopeful, but that was
ten years ago. If The Call will publish our
story it will help us out, though
Some time ago numerous complaints
from various shipping firms, among them
the owners of the oil transport Rosen*
crans. were filled with the authorities in
"Washington to the effect that the Oak
land Creek was rapidly filling up and that
it was becoming a difficult matter for deep
sea vessels to navigate through the chan
nel. An investigation resulted in a con
tract being let for cleaning out the chan
nel for a considerable distance from its
mouth. Shortly after the dredger had
entered upon its work It developed that
as fa:-t as the debris was dumped from
the channel over into the water on the
opposite side of the north wall the tides
carried it out a distance, where it was
again washed back into the channel.
To overcome this difficulty it was de
cided to build a bulkhead out from the
end of the north wall, which would change
the course of the current and result ln
the mud being carried farther out to a
point where it would not be returned to
Its former bed. It was the building of
this bulkhead that aroused the suspicion
ln Oakland that the Southern Pacific
Companj- was scheming to grab more
land, the supposition being that the big
dredger was the property of a concern
working in the interest of the railroad.
Speaking for the American Dredging
Company, for which he is the attorney
Judge "W. S. Scctt yesterday said that
the company that has the contract for
the dredging work is in no way connected
with the railroad and It Is simply fulfill
ing its contract with the Government. He
added that the bulkhead was the only so
lution to the problem as to how the mud
from the channel could be impounded and
prevented from returning.
On the contrary it was stated that the
dredging is being done in pursuance to
a contract awarded by the Government
to the American Dredging Company and
that the construction of bulkheads is
simply to insure the success of the work
Instead of filling in the State's property
s=o that it may bo used for private pur
poses as has been charged by the people
of Oakland.
An alarm sounded among the citizens
of Oakland that tho Southern Pa
cific Company, through its agencies, is
quietly grabbing a big portion of the
State's submerged property lying along
the north wall of the creek route of the
Alameda County shore has proved a bit
premature, for the Government officials
who have charge of the dredging work
now In progress there yesterday denied
that the railroad company is in any way
connected with the work.
land Creek Is Under Govern
ment Contract.
XO GRABBING SCHEME
SATS DREDGING FTRTVC
Company Insists the Cleaning of Oak-
jYou know Mr. Booker became interested in
o§r case, don't you. 'Well. It waa all the
fault of a detective. Because he railroaded
two innocent men to prison for life he thought
he could keep up the good work. He It was
who worked up our case. When James Book
er was District Attorney the celebrated Wards
(Terry murder was committed. A large re
ward was offered. The detective went to Bee
BOOKER IS STAHTLED.
Seven years after my conviction Charles
Tubbs told several people that we were Inno
cent. One night while Intoxicated he admit
ted that he committed the deed. Later he told
the tame story to Mrs. Spooner, who at the
present time resides at Point Richmond. He
also told Mr. and Mrs. Watson ln Sonora.
tVe have affidavits from all these people now
and are trying to gain our liberty. If The
Call can help us we shall appreciate it. We
have not many friends and God knows we
need them. Of course, we are treated all
right here, but a man's liberty Is dearer than
his life. I have wished many a' time that I
were dead, but the old eaylng here is that a
man ln stripes is never too old to be pardoned,
be he rulty or innocent. .
«..^?^? . Was . kept away from me . threatened
with being lynched and offered a light sentence
if he pleaded guilty. He did. but I would not
The trial began on February 20, 18S2. Judge
Rooney presided and District Attorney de
Witt prosecuted the case. P. A. Street and
Ira J. Heed of Calaveras defended me. The
prosecution made a strong point of footprint
evidence and then Ackerman went upon the
stand and not only testified that we had put
up the Job, but told that I threatened him if
he told about It. Tobe's plea and other cir
cumstances all went against me. I had five
witnesses to testify that I was at home the
day and night previous to the discovery of the
body and it was shown that the only pistol
I ever owned was a 44 Colt's cap and ball,
while the bullet hole la Burger s head was
from a 32-caliber pistol. The Jury was not
out long and I waa -given life- in Ban Quen
tin. The last money I had ln the world was
$40. I gave this to my attorney to present
the matter to Governor Perking. . Nothing
came of the matter, however. My wife waa
involved ln litigation and lost all our property.
She had lots of trouble, poor woman, but came
to see me often. I finally told her not to wait
for me. that It seemed my doom was sealed
and that If a good man came along to get
married. She did about ten years ago. My
two children have grown up. One lives ln
Sonora and one in San Francisco. Sly father
is still alive. He has lived ln Sonora since
1S53.
WEBE KEPT APAB.T.
I was at my own home the night of the mur
der. 1 was the first to find old Bill's body the
next day and was ¦ the first to notify the
Coroner and Sheriff, but in doing a!I this I
put myself in a trap from which it was lm
j-OEsible to escape. When I was arrested I
lived about four milt* from Sonora and owned
a ranch of SO acres. 1 was married and had
a little son. Four months after I came here
njL^l ; a c d , anotner son - On the 10th of
?£if, A' ' J Was at home aI1 da >' anJ a "
night On the next day I started for Sonora.
John Buckman was with me— I on horseback
and he watting. When we reached Old Bill's
f' a m K ; * ruadhouse about half a mil, from my
home, entered. Soon after Mr. Wheeler and
was. He did not know, and as Bill did not
m^ 1 , r L S 2° n , 1 Etepped th * kar and
I'm T d r nkS - v Finall y I suggested to hunt
Jhit w » nt ° Ut the back door an(1 "P a P ath
k£w rill h r?* P ]ow ed ground, Uere I
knew mi] had been at work three davs pre
mous. 1 saw tracks and followed them" They
led to a stone wall. I climbed the wall and
was about to call for Bill ' when I «aw his
the y houLe W - I T i hiS W 2 S about 35 ° >™& f«m
iiie house. I jumped over to where it was
7n/ r^S*.TT5 r * Ued behInd the boSy w ith^at
l^.j?^i d a raff waa around the head. A
eui «i°rki B^", ln hU L hcad and a knife wai
called frrh»i ear^ throush s thr °at. I
called for help and Wheeler came there
alonTi ? Ic Q uade . t»e Under Sheriff, happened
to?d*me £ al ? a t w t : aSked him toW». He
I did 1 V, *u« a S ° nora and get the Coroner.
I M-a?TS5r r rt 31 ?** and l wer « arrested.
»ouia ao it. So the time was set for thr«w»
days afterward. Now, when I was arrested
and J!2. J 5"- l th <> u « h t of this conversation
£.£"£?>. > ! cQ 1 ua<3e th « n'Sht if i couldsb to
f/rf t ,%?" h K me . t0 eee hlm - H « acquiesced
start^ £2 l i e , Jail - f*** 1 ** »y horse and
started out. I stopped en route to tell Ack
frmaa «ot to eay anything about our conver
sation and also to inform him that McQuade
had told me he was to be arrested too i
e , n . t /o TO y father's home and "returned
tpJ ,, at ame ? ight ~ A <*erman was ar
rested the following morning. He turned
State'* evidence and told that Tobe and ?
old Bill and that I had seen him the night
of my arrest and threatened him unless he
kept quiet. The detectives discovered the
either side of a track, as If a body had been
dragged. One of these print* they claimed
tallied with my ehoe. , The tracks led into
oonora.
FIRST TO FIND BODY.
enjoyed every privilege accorded the most
exemplary Inmate of the prison. Gilkey
Is head barber, and has five other con
victs working under his direction, while
Richards is an "orderly" ln the turnkey's
office. When seen at the prison to-day
Gilkey said:
Both Tobe and I have been here for more
than twenty years. AVe are Innocent and yet
are being- punished for murder. We ar* serv
ieff a life sentence for a deed we did not do
and a crime we could not have possibly com
mitted. I proved an alibi by my wife, nephew
and two other witnesses, but as they were all
related to me It seemed -flimsy. The circum
stantial evidence was so strong, and this,
talked up by Tobe pleading guilty to pave
being haneed. caused me to be convicted and
sent here for the rest of my days. If he had
stood trial, too. we would not have been here,
let I do not bltnie him. He was young and
scared Into it. They told him they would
lynch both oi us unless we pleaded guilty. He
did. and even though I tried to save him and
myself, it could not be done. There was J10U0
offered for the conviction of the guilty party,
i he county offered $ivv and the relatives added
JMJO more to it. Somebody had to be con
victed, and, as I will show you, the circum
stances pointed to us, no we got the mMlcine
and the lawyers and detectives pocketed the
prize.
On a cot at the Central Emergency Hos
pital there lies an astnl •ma-n \reU dressed
and spparestly of reused tastes, hovering
between Hfo nad death. He was picked
xip ln an unconscious condition early this
raoiTiiTtg in a small alleyway off Mxson
street, between Post *nd Geary, by^ a
passerby. No one saw fc-ira enter the
alley nor tras any ona seen to leave It,
yet th« .police are of the opinion that
the im2ortnna.te man waa felled by a thug
in tb© hor»es of securing plunder.
Shortly after midnight a. passerby, glv
lzig t£ie name of Tomilson, discovered tho
unfortunate stranger lying on hia back
In tho alley. Ills hat was found a few
feet away, full of 'dents, which indicates
that the injured man had a heavy falL
Toznllson teamed ia t ely rans up for an
ambulance and the stranger was removed
to the Emergency Hospital. Dr. Maher
at once made a hasty examination of Bis
injuries and discovered that the trnfor
.funate nan was suffering from a frac
ture of the base of the sJrull. He failed
to regain consciousness and the chances
are that ho will pass away without recov
ering his senses.
The znan was well dressed and appeared
to be about 6J years of age. His clothes
are of a fine texture and b«ax the name
of H_ Holmes," or "H. Halmes." In his
pockets were found a nickel watch and 35
cents in change, but no card or paper that
vo'Jld throw any light on hia identity.
At 2 o'clock this morning Patrolman
Penned ascertained that the injured man
was Herman Hollum of IOCS Minna street.
Owing to the suspicious circumstances
surrounding the case, Detectives Freel
and Armstrong were detailed to Inves
tigate it.
Police Believe Man W23 At
tacked by Desperate
Footpads.
Passerby Makes Start
ling Disco veiy After
Midnight.
AGED MAN FOUND
DYING IN ALLEY
SACRAMENTO. Sept.' 23.— A special dis
patch to the Bee from Folsom announces that
Robert . Hayes," 75 years old, committed sui
cide at the New Western Hotel this morning'
Hayes had been employed r at the ; Brenn / Liv
ery Stables at Blue Ravine mine. '. . ¦
ST.* JOHNS, N. F., Sept. 23.— The gale
which ' raged last . Friday caused havoc
on the grand banks. A number of fishing
vessels have returned here damaged and
report the loss of men and fishing out
fits. It Is feared that some of the vessels
h'ave sunk. Six American, four French
and eight Newfoundland fishermen found
adrift in dories and picked up , by other
vessels were landed here to-day.
Fishing Vessels Are Missing.
from Colonel Crook a special train was
ordered from .The Dalles to -meet the pas
senger train at Bridal Veil,'" and another
engineer was sent out to take the train
eastward. It was on this Dalles special
that Engineer Barrett was afterward
brought to Portland. The body of the
bandit was left lying at the scene of the
hold-up, but" Engineer Barrett is of the
opinion that his companions returned and
removed It. He believes the men had a
boat lying on the river bank and made
their escape In this manner.
When the robbers stopped the train
members of the train crew immediately
warned the passengers of the impending
peril. The conductor -rani through the
coaches crying a warning) and urging
every one tohide their valuables, and
purses,, watches and; jewelry were hastily
thrust under seat cushions. The robbers
retreated without any booty.
Property Valued at $2,500,000 Al
ready Destroyed and Flames
- Still Spreading.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 23.-Fire has
broken out at the Blliebat naphtha foun
tains, belonging to the firm of Nobel, at
Baku, and has already caused damage es
timated, at $2,500,000. The . works have
been completely destroyed and the fire is
still spreading.
FIRE RAGES IN NAPHTHA
FOUNTAINS AT BAKU
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23.-OrHclals of
the Burlington Railroad Company and the
Adams Express Company to-night an
nounced a reward of $4000 for the arrest
and conviction of the persons that held
up and robbed the Portland Express of
the Burlington road six miles north of
St. Joseph last night. No trace whatever
of the robbers other than the finding of
a rifle in the brush near the scene of the
robbery has been discovered to-day, and
to-night the police are of the opinion that
the men who committed the Job are ln
hiding at a farm house somewhere in the
French bottoms, north of St. Joseph.
A stolen boat was found on the Kansas
side of the Missouri river this af
ternoon'and for a while the officers be
lieved the. gang had crossed over, but
this idea was soon given up.
No Trace Is Found of Robbers Who
Held Up Train Near
St. 'Joseph.
BURLINGTON OFFERS BIG
REWARD FOR CAPTURE
Judge Grosscup May Resign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— It was reported to
night that Judge Peter S. Grosscup of the
United States Circuit Court is about to re
sign from the bench to accept the position
of general counsel to the Northern Securi
ties Company. Judge Grosscup was not
in the city to-night and the report could
not be confirmed.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
Governor Appoints Notaries Public
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 23.-Governor
Pardee has appointed the following nota
ries public, to reside In San Francisco:
Hamilton A. Bauer, Justin Gates, J. p
Williams, A. J. Henry, John H. Ware
Martin Aronson, Noble Hamilton and J
L. King.
OPENS FIRE AND KILLS BANDIT,
BERLIN. Sept. 23. — Another speed trial of
electric traction was made to-day on the Zoa
sen military road, when 10814 miles was cov
ered ln an hour.
REDDING, Sept. 23.— A queer case of al
leged deception has been unearthed ln
Modoc County. It appears that some time
ago a stranger, representing himself as a
minister of an evangelical church near
San Francisco, wrote to C. G. Pope of Al
turas that a man on his deathbed had
confessed to him that in* years past he
had wronged Pope out of a sum of money
and desired to make restitution as far as
lay in his power. Inclosed in the letter
was a pawn ticket for a piece of Jewelry,
said by the minister to be a diamond
tiara worth a large sum of money. The
self-styled minister only wanted 512 50 to
redeem the jewel, and then he would seni
It to Pope. The latter, however, was not
to be taken in, but sent the letter to the
postal authorities at San Francisco. The
"minister" has since been under police
surveillance and the Modoc man has b;en
subpenaed to appear before the United
States Grand Jury to give testimony in
an Investigation now being conducted.
Self-Styled Minister At
tempts to Fleece a
Modoc Man.
Residents in the neighborhood where
the tragedy occurred declare that more
than four shots were fired, and one bul
let crashed through the window of Mrs.
8. Caswell at 5410 Lexington avenue. This
fact led the police to believe that there
may - have been a third party to the
shooting, although there is so far no di
rect proof of this.
The Weber woman was a native of De
troit, having come here from that city
several years ago.
To-night, in searching the effects of
Mies Weber, an envelope was found ad
dressed, evidently in the handwriing of
a man, to Inocentt Talimini. In seeking
Talimini to find what he might know of
the woman or the shooting, the officers
Identified the dead man as Talimini him
self. No cause is known why Talimini
should have shot the woman, but she had
told several of her friends the day before
of a man who had been following her,
and of whom she was afraid. It is be
lieved this man was Talimini, and it is
the general theory that he shot her be
cause she refused to marry him.
The woman, when found, had been shot
twice, through the left arm and through
the left breast. Talimini was shot twice,
once through the neck and once upward
through the chin, the bullet coming out
at the top of his head. In the man's
hand was a revolver with four chambers
empty, accounting for the four shots
fired.
The body of the woman was "Identified
In a short time as that of "Mrs! Laurie,"
but when Laurie was brought to the po
lice station he said that the 'woman was
not his wife and that he did not know
the man whose body was found with
hers.
The shots that killed the man and wom
an were heard by the residents of the
neighborhood at 1 o'clock this - morning.
No movement was made to investigate
the shooting, however, and nothing was
known of the tragedy until daylight,
when the bodies were discovered by a
newspaper/ carrier.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.-Harriet Weber and
Inocenti Talimini, a marble-cutter, were
found dead on Lexington avenue, just
south of Fifty-fourth street, early this
morning.. Both had been shot twice and,
while there are indications that the man
killed the woman and then himself, there
are other features to the case that make
it somewhat mysterious. Arthur M.
Laurie, with whom the dead woman had
made her home, will be held by the po
lice until after the inquest. There is no
evidence connecting him with the shoot
ing, but he is detained as a witness.
TRIES TO WORK
AN OLD SWINDLE
Man' and Woman Pound
Dead on a Chicago
Street.
MYSTERY VEILS
DOUBLE TRAGEDY
Joseph Seamagi, one of the men em
ployed at the quarry, was taking a horse
and cart up a runway to the crusher and
had stopped to talk a moment with the
foreman, Biggio, when he heard the whis
tle blow once, which was a notification
to the men on the crusher to stop feed
ing it. Biggio started ..toward the fireroom
to ascertain the cause of the shut-down,
when the explosion occurred without fur
ther warning. The O'Brien boys heard the
wh|ptle and John O'Brien was engaged In
putting the cover on the hopper when he
wa« knocked down by the flying timbers.
Thomas Foley was working in the quarry
a short distance away from the engine
house, but could add nothing to the
knowledge of the other men employed
thero regarding the cause of the acci-
T«e last man who saw Rayner alive
was Biggio and at that time the engin
eer was repairing the feed pump. Evi
dently he discovered the dangerous con
dition of the boiler Just before the acci
dent and blew the whistle to warn hia
fellow workmen. Then he probably at
tempted to pull his fire and while engag
ed in that occupation was blown to death.
The dead engineer was 25 years of age
and a native of New Zealand. He had
lived in Ocean View with his mother
since he was 5 years old and was highly
thought of. Dan O'Brien Is 36 years of
age and 'his _ brother John is^ 32. They
reside in Ocean View with their parents
The Indications are that the explosion
was caused by letting the water run low
In the boiler, although the only man who
knew positively is dead. The survivors
all tell the same story and their experi
ences are limited to the actual explo
sion. .
CAUSE OF EXPLOSION.
The boiler was a complete wreck. The
front of it was entirely blown out. The
crown j sheet was ripped from its bolts
and torn into strips like tissue paper.
Nearly every casting on the engine and
boiler was broken off by the force of the
explosion. The boiler was the worst kind
of a rattletrap affair and had been badly
neglected. ' The space under the crown
sheet was almost entirely filled with
scales, allowing little room for, water.
Immediately after the accident nearly
the entire population of the district gath
ered at the quarry. The remains of Ray
ner, crushed almost out of semblance^of
humanity, were laid out . on a pile of
sacks until the arrival of Deputy Cor
oner Fennell, when they were taken to the
Morgue. His aged mother, with whom he
lived at Ocean View, reached the scene
early and when the full realization of her
son's death burst upon her she became
hysterical. Corporal Lyons of the Police
Department took charge of the Injured
men. He telephoned for an ambulance,
but before its arrival the United Rail
roads hurried an electric car to the scene
and conveyed the two OTBriens to St.
Luke's Hospital, where they were at
tended by Dr. S. J. Gardner. Bfgglo, the
foreman, was able to walk and boarded
a car for his home at Colma.
The engine and boiler, which was an
old thresher affair,- was blown by the
force of the explosion clear out of the
quarry and onto the tracks of the electric
car line. Traffic was delayed a short
time until the wreckage could be moved
aside. The mass, weighing fully three
tons, was raised seventy-flve feet into
the air and thrown a distance of 100 feet.
The shed in which it was housed was de
molished, some of the two-inch planks
being splintered to kindling wood. In its
flight through the air the boiler and en
gine struck the top of the crusher, bad
ly wrecking It.
With a shock that made the district of
Ocean View tremble to Its foundations, a
boiler employed ln furnishing steam, for
the operation of a rock crusher
at Biggio's quarry at the junction
of San Jose avenue and Farallones street
exploded at 11 o'clock yesterday morning,
killing one" man . Instantly and seriously
injuring three others. Two others stand-
Ing within a few feet of. tho explosion
miraculously escaped without a scratch.
The dead man Is John Rayner, the en
. gineer. His body was thrown a distance
of 200 feet and landed in an unrecogniz
able mass up the hill on the edge of the
quarry. Two brothers, John and Dan
O'Brien, who were engaged in feeding the
crusher, thrown from their stand
by flying pieces of Iron and timber. Dan
O'Brien received a deep scalp wound and
a serious laceration of the left leg. He
also suffered a severe shock. Should he
recover from this, it Is not thought that
his other injuries will prove fatal. His
brother escaped with a badly bruised
shoulder and a battered face caused by
flying particles of rock. Rico Biggio, son
of the man who owns the quarry and
who acted as foreman, was bruised on the
chest and face, but not seriously Injured.
INJTJBED CARED FOB.' •
Terrific Force of Outburst
Shakes Entire District
of Ocean View.
Bursting Boiler Kills
One and Injures
Three.
BLOWN TO DEATH
IN AN EXPLOSION
PRISON FETTERS MAY FALL
FROM MEN LONG IMMURED
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1903.
Continued From Pagts 1, Column 7.
proclamation of their Innocence without
result has so preyed upon them that now,
though sUIl ln the prime of life, their halt
Is snow white, their faces haggard and
wrinkled, and they have every appearance
of men past 70. Both men are "trusties"
and ever since their Incarceration have
Booker and laid before him a plan to cause
a conviction. -Booker asked him how It could
be done. The detective replied, th» saroo way
as we were convicted, by trumped up circum
stantial evidence. Hooker asked him If we
were Innocent.' to which ho replied, "Yen,"
and told the whole plan — how Tobe had been
frightened Into It. Booker then looked up our
case and from that day to this has 'never
let up on it. He. ln connection with Attorney
Arthur H. Barendt. who has worked on our
case for three years, got all these people to
2
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December, A. IX.
1902. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ln
Cash .$200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cub Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $382, 5S0 DO
Cash, ln Company's Of flee 400 40
Cash ln Banks 16.027 03
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.650 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection 27,153 72
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid.... 233 C3
Total Assets .$429.096 80
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid % 8,737 38
Losses ln process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 11,473 05
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 2,843 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $182,787 16;
reinsurance 50 per cent 91.893 58
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning wore than, one year. $79,-
310 04; reinsurance pro rata 43,471 92
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 69140
All other Liabilities. 8.082 60
Total Liabilities .$168.593 93
INCOME. — =====
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $217,633 49
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 9,352 24
Total Income .$228,984 73
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~
Net amount' paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $15,767 83. losses of prevl- :
ous years) $ 84 284 70
Paid or allowed for Commission or '"
Brokerage : .*. 41 1 » n
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 20 10% fj\
Paid for 8tate. National and Local iw * w
taxes 6 721 7a
All other payments and expendl- **'¦** •»
ture » -...18.943 00
Total Expenditures .....$179,243 38
Flri»
Losses Incurred during the year. ... $100,808 3s
Risks and Premiums. tFlre Risks. PremfriTn,"
Net amount of Risks ~~"
written during the
NeVfmounrof-Riski l23 ' 933 ' 7 " ««•»
expired during the
year 21,367.188 233 Sla an
Net amount tn force • •««,ai8 95
December 31. 1902.. 21.041.14* 2C2.Q98 10
J. H. BURGER, Secretary
Subscribed and rworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 1903, EDWIN F COREY
Commissioner for California ln NewTork.
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D.\ RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department
STATEMENT
—OF TH&—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS j
—OF THE— T
Norwich Union Fire
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF Norwich. England, on th« 31st <Say of.
December. A. D. 1902. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the Provisions of Sections 610 and
611 of tha Political Code, condensed a* per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash » 660,000.00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. .$ 289.SOO.0O
Loar,s on Bonds and Mortgages.. 40.000.00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,513,073.50
Cash ln Company's Office. ..>.... C0O.0O
Cash ln Banks 1.148.377.34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4S.5Sl.9l
Interest due and acrrued on
Bonda and Mortgages 2S3.C0
Premiums ln due Course of Col-
lection 073,690.49
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire, and Marine
Risks C7.9U.42
Total Assets IT.0S8, 930.es
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1!
Losses ln process of Adjustment
or In Suspense ¦ $287,337.93
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses ,
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ,
running one year or less,
$ ; reinsurance 60 per
cent 2,801.812.54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
I ; reinsurance pro rata..
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2.2S0.50
Due and accrued for salaries.
rent. *te 13.C0O.0O
Bills Payable 19.069.03
Total Liabilities $3^163. 419. 03
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for
Fir* premiums |3.113.849.«7
Received for Interest on Bonda
and Mortgages 1.663.00
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources I3Z8SB.79
Received for Rents 12.8M.85
Received from all other sources.. 3.079.27
Total Incom* »3.23a.3O7.M
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including * . losses of
previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders 2x3.790.00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.022.677.17
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 438,828.33
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes ::• *«•*».«
All other payments and expendl- __ fiftrt „
turea ..............•••• • Z73.80O.61
Total Expenditures <4.529.610.63
Flre7*~
Losses Incurred during the year... $2. 393.249. 04
RISK3 A.VP PREMIUMS.
——^—— j nre Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of j
durhfg the^aV?!. $1.W9.TS3.833 J8.923.6M.oa
Net amount of
d^g the*7i£r d . L533.e«.5S3 B.2Q2.740.M
Net amount In
8n902 I !!!!° b !-. 1.611.873.110 3.663,333.«a
FRANK A. CUBITT. President.
C. A. B. BIQNOLD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
23d day of March. 1903.
, X. B. T. HALES. Notary Public,
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
VV. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department.
A FAMILY REMEDY
Pe-ru-na in Use in Thousands of Homes.
1 .^it§SS^ I* Congressmen, Governors and
; li=ljjjj|§§|||!5s, ' • Other WSh Officials Recom-
! Hr-'."-'*""J--r~ — ""*~---^E*^£8af ? Isaac Sharp. ex-Governor of Kansas, ia
,' 'V**'-V>*-^-~—^"^^^^^^^Pv * a letter from 1227 I street. N. E.. Wash-
"/ can earnestly recommend
¦ "^^jf? your Peruna as an excellent ionic.
; -:^^^^^^^^^^m i f fs reputation as a cure &j ca-
! tarrh is firmly established b; my
: I f "ends who have been bemffted
S-$^^^^'i^^^^^^^^§ by its use, and the public siould
* n0W °* /tS 9r6ai curative
' X^^^^^^W'I^Mr^^^^ ? Pe " ru " na IJsed ln a Coniressmu's
' j y^A^'i^^^§^^I^^J^^I " Congressman II. Henry Pou-ers of \f>
V^X^7;'^r^W^'(vvv^'- y^i'^^v/ ' mont > writes from. Morrlsvllle, Vt. :
xV^^/fwAWw\^^ttA\^i#^BiK '' "Peruna I have used in my family -wife
</y%tf^V(i(!/!n\ \ Ml»f '')^BJ^//^K^ ? success. I can recommend It aa an exca-
' V^Wyw^i^'^^^ii^^^V^^^- * Jent famll >' remedy and very pood cr
' 'W'^^^^^^^^^yWf^^^ * coughs, colds and catarrhal affections.' -
?//i^^!S^^^^^^J^^^^^^^- I A Congressman's Wife Uses Pc-ru-! 1.
AX^^^^^^^^yil^M * John L. Burnett. Member of Congr* 1,
'• "tym* * S^' 611^ Alabama District, writes:
! .^§^^*^^^^^^^^^r Iljjg? [[ "I take pleasure In testifying to 1 0
' "^^SV <$& " mer ' ts of >* our Peruna. At the solid; -
' ::^ :^^^^^ifllfulffnfMWwI]7r^i^^^ *\ * t ' on °^ a ' r ' en( * m y wife used It and It
'^^^^^^SHiUtffifll'Sa^W^^^^^ * im P rove<1 ner condition generally. It i a
ifi#/$2^^Pyyw2£>' * remarkable remedy. I can cheerfully rc-
| -^^^^^fc^^^t^H^V.^^^W^i;^^^'^ ][ ommend Peruna aa a good, subatan al
¦^^ j'^r^oor^^j^c^ y ' *'^ ', , 1 '¦ us? if*^*^ tonic mid & very good catarrh remedy."
! tx-Gover nor Isaac Sharp. ',', Pe-ru-na Cures Catarrh.
• ¦¦•¦¦......•...... Half the ills of life are due to cata*h
If you do not derive prompt and satis- and catarrhal derangements. Peruna 13
factory results from the use of Peruna, the only Internal, systemic catarrh rem*-iy
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a known to the medical profession. I
full statement of your case and he will be Peruna cures catarrh wherever locate,
pleased to fcrive you his valuable advice Peruna Is not a guess nor an experiment
gratis. * —it is an" 1 absolute, scientific certainty.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The Peruna has no substitutes— no rivals. 1>
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O. sist upon having Peruna.
IDEAL WEATHER
IS THE EXPRESSION OF
EVEHY ONE AXtOXTO THE
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of California.
Ticket Offices of the Company. 650 Market
rtrect (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry
foot of Market street. General Offices, Mu-
tual Lift Building, corner of Sansome and Cal-
ifornia streets. Ban Francisco.
H. C. WHITINO. R. x. RYAN.
Gen'l. Manager.- Gen'l. Pag«*r. Agent
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to set a deer, go to Wlll*t*_
¦top at th. Willits Hotel. Mendoclna Count.
is beet hunting ground ln the State near to
Ban Francisco. Deer season open until Sen.
terobcr B0. ¦ WM. WEIOAXD. Prop?
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL VEAIt EOTOD. Natural hot
culpbar rprir.ee, temperature 115 degrees jjj
•taglnc. Fare fl 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
Uem, aethma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
and hot pluace baths. The largest mlnerfl
water swimming tank ln the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs, swlmmlnx
t<acher. Special rates from now on. Peck's!
11 Montgomery Bt. THEODOB RICHAKDa!
Agua Callente, Sonoma Co.
yjCHY SPRINGS.
S Kile* from Uldah, liendodno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagoa fr—thn Only plaoa
la the world of th(» class. Fishing, huntlns.
Crystal Springs. Aocommodatlona; table first*
clan, j J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., Props.ARGUMENT
BY FINLAY
IS CLOSED
CHICAGO. Sept. 23.— Former United
States Senator Charles B. Farwell, died
at his home In Lake Forrest to-day of
heart trouble after several months' ill
ness. Farwell has been a prominent fig
ure in local, State and' national politics
dace 1811.
Former Senator Farwell Dead.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— S. F. Allen, at the Grand
Union; W. A. Doyle, at the Imperial; M.
R. Barnes, at the Sinclair; E. A. Graua,
at the Hoffman; B. M. Lombard, at the
Gllsey; L. M. McDermott, at the Manhat
tan: E. Zlnna, at the Vendome; Miss
Jefferies, at the Park Avenue: G..L. King,
at the Holland; S. Knudschmidt, at the
Holland; C. B. Wells and wife, at the
Normandie; C. ;B. Wells and wife, at the
Navarre.
From Los Angeles— M. Churchill, at the
Belvldere; B. A. Olshausen and L. M.
Olshausen. at the Belvldere; T. O'Neill
and wife, at the Manhattan.
From Sacramento — F. P. Brown, at the
St. Denis.
Californians in New York.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 23.— The biennial
convention of thp International Brother
hood of Electrical Workers, which has
been In session here for the last ten days,
has practically concluded its work. To
day the new constitution was read and
adopted and three of the leading officers
elected as follows: Grand - president, J.
F. McNulty, Newark, N. J. ; grand secre
tary, H. W. Sherman, Washington, o. C;
grand treasurer, F. J. Sheehan, New Brit
ain, Conn.
Electrical Workers' Officers.
Pioneer Is Found Dead in Bed.
WOODLAND, Sept. 23.-J. A. Redden,
a p.loneer resident, was found dead In
bed at his home in this city this morning.
He was last seen alive Sunday afternoon
by neighbors. " He lived alone, his wife
having recently died. Redden leaves a
son and a daughter, both married. He
crossed the plains in the early fifties.
Shaw to Refund More Bonds.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— Secretary
Shaw authorizes the statement that ow
ing to the scarcity of 2 per cent bonds,
both for circulation and as security for
Government deposits, he will renew re
funding. Operations to the extent of $20,
000,000 In accordance with the previous
circular. ,
Veteran Skipper Dies Suddenly.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 23.-Captain
George Rudlln, a veteran skipper and
commander of the steamer. Princess Vic
toria running between Vancouver and
Victoria, dropped- dead on the street at
noon to-day. He haxl been on the coast
for 40 years. .
Fire in Beaumont Oil Fields.
BEAUMONT, Tex.. Sept. 23.— Fire , that
started at' noon to-day In the east end of
the Shoestring oil district destroyed twen
ty-five oil derricks, causing a loss esti
mated at $125,000. The principal loser was
the'West-Davis Oil Company. Other I03
ers include the Davy Crockett, Emmett
Landy and Jackson Tobin companies.
Cruise for Pacific Squadron.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.-It Is stated
at the Navy Department that, the Pacific
squadron .probably will be. ordered : to
make a' practice cruise in Pacific waters
and possibly extending as far as Hono
lulu, during the next few months.
Training Ship Alliance Is Floated.
NEW LONDON. Conn.. Sept. 23.— The
United States training ship Alliance,
which went aground ' at Race Rock late
yesterday afternoon, floated off at high
tide.
Pastor "Withdrawn From His Charge.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 23.— Rev. W.
Wilbcrforce Cookman, who has been pas
tor of the First Methodist Church tri this
city during the past year, has been with
drawn from the charge.
Explaining* the New Voting Machine.
SANTA CRUZ,' Sept., 23.— Frank C. Jor-'
dan, clerk of the Supreme Court, is vis
ltlngihere and exhibiting the new voting
machine to the people.
BUFFALO. N. T.. Sept. 23. — The industrial
center of the s village of Gardenvlllo ,wm . de
stroyed by; fire to-day. The loss is estimated
at $100,000. covered by Insurance.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23—Under In
structions from the adjutant general of
the army a provisional detachment of
Philippine scouts, composed of the Fourth
Macabebes, the Twenty-eighth Hollos the
Thirtieth Tagalogs and the Forty-seventh
Visayans, will be organized for duty at
the St. Louis Exposition. Before coming
to the United States these companies will
be mobilized at Caloocan. province of
Rizal, for the purpose fof drill and In
struction.
Philippine Scouts for St. Louis.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 23.-Henry Radel,
a lineman and employe of the Santa Rosa
Lighting Company, was electrocuted this
afternoon by coming in^ contact with a
live wire while making repair's to the
line on Wilson street. His body hung
across the wires until the current could
be turned off. Radel was born and raised
in this city and was a popular young
man.
Lineman Is Electrocuted.
Purpose of Proposed Cruise Is to
Show Interest in Abyssinian
Trade Relations.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— In case the
condition of affairs in Turkey will jus
tify the withdrawal of the ctuisers Brook
lyn and San Francisco from Bniriitvand
the gunbot Machias from Port Said,
where they have been for the past few
weeks, it is probable that all those ves
sels, comprising the present European
squadron, will be sent to Jublti, the port
on the east side of Africa.
The purpose of the cruisp is to show
the interest taken by the United States
In the establishment of intimate commer
cial relations with the Government' of
Abyssinia.
EUROPEAN SQUADRON
MAY BE SENT TO JU3ITI
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— Postmaster
commissioned: California— Alice J. Berry,
Pine Grove.
Army | orders— Major Thomas "Wilhelm,
retired, has been ' ordered to duty with
the organized militia of California; First
Lieutenant Henry v S. Greenleaf, assistant
surgeon, detached member of the exam
ining board at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco; First Lieutenant Edward P. Rock
hill relieved; Captain W. French, quar
termaster, now at San Francisco, Is or
dered to this city.
Major Thomas Wilhelm, Retired, Is
Ordered to Duty With California
National Guard.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
RENO. Sept. 23.— T. K. Hymer's livery
and feed .stable was totally destroyed by
fire this morning together with thirty
valuable horses and a large number of
vehicles. The building was a large brick
structure, seventy-five by a hundred and
forty feet and two stories high. The
loss will reach $45,000. The horses were
all on the second floor which made their
rtscue impossible.
Thirty Horses Perish in a Fire.
The people of England drink some 800,
000,000 gallons of milk In a year.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— The Southern Pa
cific Company has made a new rate on
green vegetables to Tacoma, Wash., o£
J6C0 a ton In carload lots, twelve tons
minimum, from the following points: San
Jose; Sixteenth Oakland; Stock
ton, Sacramento, Napa, South Vallejo
and all points between\(except points on
the San Ramon, Amador, Lodi, Placervllle
and- Clear Lake branches); also from
points on the coast division, broad gauge,
between San Francisco and San Jose.
Makes New Rate on Vegetables.
RED BANK, N. J.. Sept. 23.-Robert Al
len Jr.. a prominent lawyer. 30 years of
age, was found dead to-day in a wagon
house in the rear of his residence with a
bullet in his head and a revolver by his
side. It Is reported that business trou
bles were the cause of his taking his life.
Lawyer Takes His Own Life.
Mrs. Carrfenter. struck on her back and
shoulders, receiving bruises which will lay
her ud for some days. Mrs! Reed, who
is very aged, was badly hurt and ren
dered unconscious. Mrs. Adams and Dr.
Carpenter received' slight bruises.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— A two-seated sur
rey containing Dr. and Mrs. Henry T.
Carpenter, Martha Reed and Mrs.
Dr. C. E. Adams, all of Santa Clara,
collided with an electric car on West
Santa Clara street this forenoon and all
of the occupants were injured. Dr. Car
penter was driving and attempted to cross
the track In front of the car. Before the
car could be stopped It had crashed into
the risr and the occupants of the surrey
were thrown out.
Driver of the Vehicle and Three
Friends Are Thrown Out and
Badly Bruised.
SAN JOSE ELECTRIC CAR
COLLIDES WITH A SURREY
Rev. Henry R. Percival Dead.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 23.— Rev. Hen
ry R. Percival, a prominent Protestant
Episcopal divine, died' last night at his
country home in Devon, a suburb. He
was 48 years of,age. Dr. Percival was an
extensive writer on theology, many of his
books being used as standard works in
nearly all of the Episcopal theological
seminaries of this country. %
OYSTKR BAY. N. Y.. Sept. 23.— Already
the President has begun work on his an
nual message to Congress. The message
to be presented to the extraordinary se3
f!on will be comparatively brief. The call
for the extraordinary session will not be
issued until about the middle of October.
President at Work on Message.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23.— Reed Northrop,
whose reported attempt at suicide In Buf
falo was unsuccessful, is a brother of
Sandford Northrop, who killed himself
here last June in a fit of despondency
as the result of sickness. The Northrops
are cousins of the Goulds.
Reed NortMron came to St. Louis sev
eral years ago as the president of the
American Refrigerator Ttansit Company.
He retained this position until last spring,
when the company was absorbed by the
Missouri Pacific Railroad. The absorp
tion abolished the general offices of the
company and the connection of Reed
Xorthrop and his brother Sandford, who
was secretary, with the company was
severed. Since then Reed Northrop has
not been Identified exclusively with any
other business interests.
BUFFALO.' N. Y., Sept. 23.-Reed North
rop, a wealthy St. *»uis business man,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday
by shooting. The bullet, however, mere
ly inflicted a superficial wound in the
scalp. Worry over his wife's health, which
prevented his returning to St. Louis,
where he had an important business en
gagement, is attributed as the cause of
his attempt to take his life.
Heed Northrop of St. Louis Attempts
Suicide as Result of Business
Worry.
COUSIN OF THE GOULDS
TRIES TO KILL HIMSELF
SPOKANE, Wash., Sept. 23.— Advices to
the Chronicle from Nelson, B. C, state
that a heavy rumbling as if another land
slide, was heard near Frank, Alberta,
about 3 o'clock yesterday morning. It
is • believed that a great slide of rock
occurred on the other side of the moun
tain from Frank. That town is unin
jured and the report that It was aban
doned by the Inhabitants Is denied.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 23.7-H. L. Frank
of Butte, owner of the Frank coal mines
at Alberta, said to-day that the dispatch
from Portland last night, concerning an
other landslide at Frank la erroneous.
Frank has positive Information that no
landslide occurred. He is at a loss to
understand how the report could have
originated.
Town of Frank Unharmed.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Stockholders of
the National Bank of Commerce and the
Western National Bank to-day ratified
the agreement of merger between the
two institutions. The union will take ef
fect on October 5, when the Western Na
tional will cease to exist and the Na
tional Bank of Commerce will take over
all the Western's business and assets.
Valentine P. Enydcr, president of the
Western, will then take his place as head
cf the consolidated institution.
Bank Merger Is Completed.
The plaintiffs allege that the disputed
ground was located by them In June, 1S38.
In August of the same year one McDon
ald appeared on the scene. It is alleged
that at his suggestion Leo Leonhuast,
accompanied by a native, went to Ophir
Creek, pulled up the original stakes and
location notices on. the claims In dispute
and carried them two miles higher up "the
creek, placing them upon ground that the
plaintiffs had never seen. It Is further
claimed that in 1900 the Wild Goose Com
pany, knowing these facts but believing
it could control the court at Nome, pur
chased the titles of the McDonald syndi
cate, and that this season it has hy
diaullcked numbers 26 and 27 on an ex
tensive scale, taking out fully JoOO.OOO.
TACOMA. Sept. Zi.— Mining properties
valued at several millions of dollars are
Involved in suits brought in the Federal
court at Nome against the Wild Goose
Mining and Trading Company. The
claims involved are Nos. 24 to ?H on
Ophir Creek, in Council district. The
suits are brought by William Blatchford,
D. W. McKay and Louis Sloss Jr. for
John Dexter and J. L. Wilson. The prom
inence of the parties concerned, together
with the sensational allegations In the
complaint, promise to make the trial one
of the greatest importance. It is alleged
that from two of the claims alone the
Wild Goose Mining Company has extract
ed more than $500,000 In gold this season.
More than one hundred witnesses will ba
summoned to testify at the trial next
month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Speciale has a thirty-year sentence
hanging over his head in Italy. A num
ber of years ago he was convicted of
murder in that country and sentenced
to thirty years* imprisonment, but he es
caped a few months later and came to
America.
Speciale addressed the court to-day and
said he was tired of the delay and was
willing to commence serving the sentence
meted out to him. He then asked that
he taken to tha prison at once. Judge
Lelb made an order granting the request
of the prisoner.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— Disgusted with the
slowness of the courts, Phillipo Speciale,
convicted of assault to murder, appeared
in court to-day and asked that an ap
peal taken by his attorney be dismissed.
Nearly a year ago Speciale waylaid and
shot A. Cataldo, a well kriown rancher,
on the Altnaden road. The men had trou
ble over some wine casks. Cataldo was
shot twice, but recovered. Speciale was
convicted and on March 16 last was sen
tenced to seven years in Folsom prison.
His attorney appealed the case. Since
that time Speciale has been in the Coun
ty Jail.
Sccclal Dispatch to The Call.
NORTH VERNON, Ind., Sept. 23.—Wil
liam Wilkerson, a citizen of this place,
while Intoxicated drove his family from
home. Marshal Schwake was appealed
to and upon entering the premises was
warned by Wilkerson to proceed no far
ther. The Marshal paid no attention and
was shot and instantly killed by Wilker
son.
Wilkerson Immediately started for the
country and a posse was organized to
pursue him. Later a riot alarm was
turned in and many citizens joined In the
chase. Half a mile from town Wilker
son was surrounded, but killed himself
with the same gun with which he had
shot Marshal Schwake.
AVilkerson was formerly a guard at the
Indiana Reformatory in Jacksonville.
Sensational Litigation
Is Begun in Federal
Court at Nome.
Asks Court to Dismiss
Appeal Taken by
His Attorney.
Uses Same Gun With
Which He Murdered
. Town Marshal.
MINING CLAIMS
ARE IN DISPUTE
FUGITIVE AT BAY
KILLS HIMSELF
SEATTLE, Sept. 23.— It is feared by
shipping men at Pacific ports that the
Norwegian bark Catherlna, bound/from
Taooma for Delagoa Bay with lumber,
and now 115 days out, has been lost. The
finding of wreckage which Is believed to
have come from the over-due vessel,
coupled with the fact of her strange be
havior when passing out to sea, has re
sulted in the vessel being placed on the
overdue list with reinsurance quoted at
20 per cent. The Catherina w&s seen to
have quite a list when leaving the
straits. She is an iron bark and was
built in 1SS3. Captain Samuelson is her
commander.
Lumber Laden Vessel Is Placed
on the Overdue List at
Seattle.
SHIPPING" MEN ' BELIEVE
BARK CATHERINA IS LOST
PRISONER TIRES
OF LAW'S DELAY
ZAXESVILLE, Ohio, Sept. . 23.— In a
freight wreck at Norwich on the Balti
more and Ohio, fifteen miles east of here,
this afternoon two oil-tank cars collided
and exploded. There was a terrific re
port and a sheet of flame arose 100 feet
into the air and spread on all sides. Four
houses at the side of the track caught
fire and were consumed In a few min
utes. The occupants had narrow es
capes and lost everything.
All trains were detoured over the Pan
handle around the wreck. Wreckers can
not work on the burning ears and must
wait for the fire to burn Itself out. At a
late hour to-night a column of flame fifty
feet high was shooting upward from the
manhole of one of the wrecked oil cars
The loss is not heavy.
Four Houses Near a Railroad Are
Consumed by the
Flames.
FIRE FOLLOWS WRECK
OF OIL-TANK CABS
Boundary Commission. He re
ceived the thanks of Chief Justice Alver
stone and the congratulations of Messrs.
Root and Lodge on his "lucid explanation
of bo technical and comprehensive a sub
ject."
The Attorney General made It clear
that Canada wants about everything, and
the American counsel informs the Asso
ciated Press that every effort will be made
by them to convince the tribunal that the
treaty contemplated a barrier between
the Dominion and the ocean and that the
question of territory is not important pro
vided the shores and Inlets remain in the
possession of the United States.
David T. Watson of Pittsburg, of coun
sel for the American side, opened for the
United States, describing the purchase of
Alaska and Etating that the United States
published In 1867 the map Issued by Rus
sia In 1826, one year after the treaty with
Great Britain, and that no protest was
made against the boundary therein fixed,
either by Great Britain or by Canada.
Watson pointed out that It was three
years after gold was discovered In tha
Yukon Territory that Great Britain made
her first formal notification that she
would question the title of the United
States to the heads of Inlets. The cor
respondence prior theretofore referred to
the actual demarkatlon line on the
ground, but no question as to the accu
racy of the boundary claimed by the
United States, as universally shown on
the maps, had ever previously been for
mally raised by Great Britain.
A. B. Aylesworth of Canadian counsel
remarked that in 1871 Canada had no con
cern in the question and had no right to
interfere with An objection, as her terri
tory was not extended to the Pacific un
til 1871.
Watson, continuing, quoted the reports
of the Surveyor General of Canada in
1S74, agreeing that the tine was across
certain rivers which were emptying at
the head of Lynn Canal, and argued that
Canada thereby acknowledged the United
States' claim to the heads of inlets.
The commission adjourned for the day.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— Attorney Gen
eral Flnlay concluded his argu
ment in behalf of Canada at this
morning's session of the Alaskan
David T. Watson Opens for
American Side of the '
Alaskan Case.
COUNSEL WHO OPENED AR
GUMENT FOR UNITED
STATES IN BOUNDARY CASE.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept. 23.— Russell
Bolles, charged with murdering Harold
Frldborn a year ago last New Year's eve
In Denver, Colo.; was identified as the
slayer to-day by Fridborn's sister.
Bolles was arrested here three days ago
and heldj until the arrival of Sheriff Car
berry of Denver, who reached Vancouver
this afternoon. With him was a sister of
the murdered boy. With the prisoner,
who waived extradition, Carberry left for
the south to-night. Bolles is charged
with having killed young Frldborn with
an ax when he tried to assist his sister,
who was being assaulted by the alleged
murderer. Bolles denies all knowledge
of the crime, but the girl is positive that
he is the man who assaulted her and kill
ed her brother.
Sister of the Young Boy He Is Ac
cused of Having Murdered
Recognizes Him.
EOLLES IS IDENTIFIED '
AND TAKEN TO DENVER
Fcr the immediate present the company Is
more likely to be embarrassed by pressure from
Canadian creditors who regard their claims as
unsecured. These creditors can afford the
greatest assistance In emergency by a little de
lay in pressing for Immediate settlement, while
not at all imperiling their richts, since the
Speyer syndicate securities will certainly be
held subject to the liabilities of current Cana
dian debts, which on the whole do not probably
amount to one and a half million dollars.
There will be certainly no dissension between
the shareholders or directors among themselves
In the arrangements now proposed, while the
sympathetic co-operation of the Speyer syndi
cate, I feel, we can depend on. It was ex
tremely unfortunate that it became necessary to
close down the works at Pault Ste. Marie,
which have been earning more than $15O,OC'O net
per month, and they will be reopened immedi
ately that the new programme should be
adopted.
The financial difficulties of the works at
Sault Ste. Marie have certainly reached a cri
sis. Mr. Shields accepted the presidency with
posiyve assurances from financial Interests in
the company that funds vrould be provided on
the first of July for the taking up of the
Speyer loan and for providing two and a ha!i
million dollars working capital. The unexpect
ed continuance of money pressure in New York
made it impossible for the fulfillment of those
promises. The attempts made to secure funds
by other means have tailed and only within
the last few days has it been necessary for me
to «ive personal attention to the financial re
quirements of the company. The Speyer syn
dicate Is not Rdverse to the shareholders' In
terests and will be entirely satisfied, and. I
believe, gratified, if the pror>erty can still be
saved for those whose capital he3 created it. .
PLEA FOR DELAY.
The Consolidated Lake Superior Com
pany is a holding company controlling, a
large number of concerns at and near
Sault Ste. Marie. It was organized under
the laws of Connecticut and has an au
thorized capitalization of $117,000,000, of
which $102,000,00") has been issued. The
principal stockholders are Phlladelphians.
The company operates the Helen ore
mines. Iron and steel mills, veneer mill,
pulp mills, a saw mill and a nickel plant
at the Soo Vandora Railway system on
both sides of the Soo, a ferry across Ste.
Marie river; the Grace gold mine, nickel
mines in the Subury district of Ontario,
car shops and several other concerns.
TORONTO. Ont.. Sept. 23.— F. H.
Clergue in a statement to-day regarding
the -troubles of the Consolidated Lake
Superior Company, said:
It was learned to-day that the plan
provides for a new company capitalized
at from $35,000,000 to J4O.OCO.O00.
ENORMOUS CAPITALIZATION.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.-It was stated in
formally to-day that the Speyer syndi
cate probably would sell the assets of
the Consolidated Lake Superior Company
at auction on October 1. The formal cir
cular of Speyer & Co. was given out this
afternoon. The securities of the subsid
iary company, held by the Lake Superior
Company, with various notes made by the
subsidiary companies In the course of the
advancement of moneys on the loan of
Speyer & Co., and these notes in
dorsed by the Consolidated Company are
to be sold at auction on October 1,. at
161 Broadway. The terms of the sale are
that the securities, etc., muet be bid for
and purchased In one parcel, and Speyer
& Co. reserve the right to bid in
the properties offered for sale.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 23.— John S.
Freeman, counsel for the Consolidated
Lake Superior Company, said to-day:
There is a movement on foot in which a ma
jority of the stockholders will, I believe, unite
to save the property, and I think a proposition
locking to the reorganization of the company
la under way and will be agreed to by the
stockholders.
Terrell says the Invasion of State tim
ber lands by lumber mill men has been
In progress for fifteen years, and that the
merchantable pine timber on almost every
section of land which the State owns has
been cut without the State being advised
that this was being done. He found that
logging tram roads had been extended to
State timber tracts and that timber was
being cut in wholesale quantities. Sensa
tional disclosures are promised.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 23.-Plne forests
owned by the State of Texas and aggre
gating many thousands of acres have
been almost depleted of their mercantile
timber by lumber mill men who acted
without the authority or the knowledge
of the State authorities. J. J. Terrell,
State* Land Commissioner, returned to
day from an investigation of these lands
and laid this information before Governor
Lanham and Attorney General C. K. Bell.
It will form the basis for suits "against
those who have been robbing the State of
timber.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Secretary Thomas A. Fulton of the Cit
izens' Union, whose correspondence with
Jerome the latter made public, resigned
liis office to-day at a meeting- of the
union. Fulton made an address explain
ing his actions and position and then lett
the meeting and waited while the mem
bers of the executive committee debated
on the question as to whether or not to ac
cept his resignation whicn he had of
fered in his speech. When the meeting
broke up F. C. Huntington, secretary of
the executive committee, said that a res
olution had been offered by R. Fulton
Cutting, who presided, accepting Ful
ton's resignation and thanking him for
his past services to the Citizens' Union.
The resolution was adopted with the un
derstanding that Fulton should later send
in a formal letter of resignation, which
should be accepted in turn.
R. M. Fulton Cutting, president of the
Citizens' Union and a leader In the fu
elon movement against Tammany, to-day
replied to the letter given out last night
by District Attorney Jerome on the ques
tion of Mayor Low's nomination. Cut
ting declares that the publication of Jer
ome's "amazing letters" had done him
treat service, since he now knew the
source of the persistent reports of the al
leged antagonism of the Citizens' Union
district leaders to Low's nomination.
Cutting added that Fulton's letter em
bodied in Jeromes communication, reflect
ing upon the conduct of the District At
torney's office, expresses an opinion which
is shared by very few of his fellow cit
izens.
NEW TORK. Sept. 23. -Hugh McLaugh
lin. Democratic leader of Kings
County. authorized a statement to
day, in view of the conflicting
reports circulated for some time
regarding the position of the Kings Coun
ty Deicccracy on the proposed nomina
tion cf Congressman George B. McClel
lan for the Mayoralty, that he was will
ing to say that It Is true that the Kings
County organization regards the pro
posed nomination of McClellaa as Inad
visable because of Mr. McClellan's lntl
irate relation to the leader of Tammany
Hall end the fact that he Is not known to
the public as a strong man personally.
Should Leader Murphy Insist on McClel
la-n's nomination In the face of the oppo-
Fltion of Kings County he would. In Me-
Laughlin's opinion, "lncor a wholly un
necessary risk of defeat at the polls."
Were the reports true, as stated in
seme newspapers, that Murphy had of
fered the nomination to McClellan, the
veteran leader of the Kings Democracy
f aid he slxuld have to conclude that Mur
phy had fallen back on the old Tammany
tactics of >:.eed's time, "which brought
nothing but Mln to the party."
"Kings County," he said, "insists upon
nothing except that the nominee shall be
a Democrat likely to attract and not re
pel Independent voters; a man whose rec
ognized integrity, whose force of char
acter would furnish assurance to the peo
ple that honesty and not £raft will
flourish under this administration."
Effort to Be Made to Reor
ganize Consolidated Lake
"^.Superior Company. ,
Discovery of Unlawful Opera
tions Extending Back
Fifteen Year3.^
Citizens' Union Secretary
Resigns as Result of Pub
lication of Letters.
Out Timber Prom Land
Owned by Texas Com
' monwealth,
Tammany's Man Don't
Suit Kings County
Democrats.
Speyer and Company
Will Sell Securities
October 1.
LEADER OBJECTS
TO M'CLELLAN
LUMBER KINGS
ROB THE STATE
ANNOUNCE BATE
OF THE AUCTION
THE SAN TBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 3903.
3
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1003/ and all holders of Atlas
Crupcns are requested ¦ xo pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one.
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will b*
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lOOOOOOO©OOO«e«OO©0©O©OO«OO9©«©©OOOO©O©OOO
cc-m-w t A miMtT* MA ¥""* I TF"%55 Hcrw " often that
WAkMS Mfci Ur ls sald *>* men ™ ho
VY i**vni»j iTi j_w v>»* / y^ .,* have ea cured or
ijfc JL5I Nervous Debility
fc%&*\ . V'Tr Laushlin Electric
{SIS <?\ — J /» f Kelt: They 3av It.
\g3S ,< iT^ A every day. Men
VCftwjJT ' ¦ \ who have been
KgH««]p\ '//'S'* ? ¦S^'-i/fjg are now holdln? up
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
. DR. UcL.AUGHL.IX — Dear Sir: I have been wearing, your Belt for two months
now and my experience with the treatment has been such as to enable me to stronc-
ly recommend It for all nervous weaknesses and kidney trouble and Indigestion. I
assure you that whenever an opportunity presents itself I shall not neglect to speak
a good word for you. Yours respectfully, A. PATTERSON. Dedrick. Cal. .
They come every day from everywhere. There Is not a town or hamlet In the
country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlln'* Electric Belt.
NV>w, what docs this mean to you. dear reader? If you are not what you ousht
to b«\ can you ask any better proof to make you try It? Is there a remedy which ls
a* simple, as easy to use. as sure to care and ae cheap as Dr. McLaughlln'a Elec-
tric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it. In Justice to yourself and to those
who look to you for their future happ ine«s, . try It now. Act this minute. Such a
matter ought not to be delayed.
It's as good for women as for men. "Worn while you sleep. It causes no trouble.
You feel the gentle, slowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, as
In old-style belts. -
Call to-day or send for my beautiful book of the things a man llkea to read If he
wants to be a strong man. I send It sealed, free* Cut out this ad.
Dr. M. C. Mclaughlin, 'SL^.SS?-
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. : Sundays. IO to 1.
ADVEBTTSEaTEUTS.
The skin ought to be
clear ; there is nothing
strange in a beautiful face.
If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
and clear, unless the
health is bad. A good
skin is better than a
doctor.
The soap to use is
Pears'; no free alkali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over the world.
Heart Disease
may be cured by strengthenine: the
heart nerves, enriching the blood and
improving the circulation with Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure. Safe and sure.
N»!donpuarant*e. Send postaj fur fieo fe.io«
So <Usci-.es • f the heart ¦»a%|"'rTe» txxi«y.
Db. Mu.es Midicai. Co../Elkbart. Ind.
*
Your grocer finds his trade
ia moneyback Schilling's Best
coOi, tlxranng estneta »odm
most comforttbl« and pros-
perous.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devote their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never Bell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to 'deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the finest atad
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the 'full
name of the Company — California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising, from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
.Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name — " Syrup of Figs" — or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name or"Syrup of Figs" or *'Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold. to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class of
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.We pledge our candidates — particularly the Mayor and Supervisors^ — to an earnest, consistent and
persistent effort to make the Board of Public Works that branch of the municipal institution for which it
was designed, and to rescue it from the present state of mismanagement and extravagance. We insist that
the greater part of the funds appropriated for public purposes shall go to the men who do the work, and
not, as now, to overpaid and needless officials.
We pledge our candidates to the strictest economy in the administration of public affairs and in the
distribution of the public revenues, and we particularly pledge each of them to a strict recognition of the
provisions of the charter relating to the salaries of officers and deputies, so that neither for political or
other purposes shall such salaries be increased during the incumbency of the holders of the various offices.
We favor the appointment, whenever permitted by law, of loyal and competent Republicans to sustain
a Republican administration, State and municipal.
The people of the city and county of San Francisco have, by the adoption of the charter, estab
lished a system of civil service, and we pledge all of the candidates for office coming under that system
to a strict observance of the charter provisions, and we particularly pledge all candidates to assist in an
honest and concerted effort to the carrying out of all the charter provisions to their true intent and mean
ing, in order that the civil service system shall be relieved of its flagrant abuses and the criticisms and
charges which have been made against it in the past, and which now tend to bring it into disrepute.
. We condemn the action of the majority of the State Board of Equalization in raising the assessment
of the city and county of San Francisco. We urge the next Legislature to submit to the people of this
State a constitutional amendment providing for the election of the members of the Board of Equalization
by the whole State instead of by districts.
Whereas, We advocate a new and greater San Francisco; therefore, be it .
Resolved, That we favor the adoption J of the various bond propositions now pending, and upon
which an election will occur September 29, 19,03;. but we urge that such bonds when voted shall only be is
sued as required for the various improvements and in the prosecution thereof. -
We demand the immediate abolition of all cobblestones and other defective pavements, particularly
in the downtown business districts of this city, and that the same be replaced with modern pavements,
constructed in the most substantial manner; and the adoption of a systematic plan for doing away with,
such defective pavements in other portions of the city, and for the improvement of the county roads as
soon as the funds of the treasury will permit, and we pledge our nominees to use their best efforts to carry
out this provision of this platform".
We earnestly recommend that immediate steps be taken for the purpose of securing increased protec
tion for property against fire in this city, and particularly in the wholesale districts, and for that purpose we
advocate the adoption of the recommendations made by the Chief Engineer of the Fire Department of this
city and county.
\ We pledge our candidates to protect in every respect the interests of the people of this city in the
granting of franchises and other privileges, and to protect the property of our citizens against unjust en
croachments from corporations and other interests.
We recommend an improved system of public accounting in the several departments of the city gov
ernment, with competent and sufficient experting and supervision of accounts and records to protect the city
from error and peculation in the collection and disbursement of the public moneys, and thereby prevent
loss,. fraud and scandal.
THE Republican Municipal Convention of the city and county of San Francisco, now duly con
vened, sets forth and declares the principles of its faith and the propositions to which its candi
dates must agree in the coming campaign.
We declare ourselves loyal to the National Republican party, under whose policies, carried
by men elected by its voters, our country has made a constant and never-ceasing march to
ward the prosperity, glory and material advancement of its people.
We recognize in President Roosevelt a true American and an honest and fearless Chief Magistrate of
this republic; and we declare ourselves wholly satisfied with the manner in which he has dealt with the
many difficult questions of policy, both foreign and domestic, confronting him, and particularly do we com
mend the statesmanship displayed by President Roosevelt in his treatment of the labor troubles in Penn
sylvania.
, We commend the State adminstration, under the guiding hand of Governor George C. Pardee, as
being able, economical, patriotic and in the interest of and for the welfare of all the people of this common
wealth.
We commend the good work performed by the faithful Republican office-holders in the city and
county of San Francisco.
We favor a larger expenditure for public improvements and for the repair and extension of streets,
and we recommend that in making the annual budget the Supervisors set aside and appropriate at least 10
per cent of the annual revenue for such permanent improvements and repairs to streets and sewers.
We favor the ownership by the city of such public utilities as are beneficial and necessary for the com
mon good.
Abe Ruef Persists in Standing by Schmitz
REPUBLICAN'S KOMI NEBS
FOR AUDITOR. TAX COL
LECTOR AND' TREASURER.
CROCKER IS NOMINATED.
Nominations for Mayor were then de
clared In order by Chairman Partridge.
The ' deleeates sat back In their chairs
in an expectant mood, and" when Albert
K.- Castle took the platform. to nominate
Henry J. Crocker as .' the - Republican
standard bearer in the coming municipal
election the enthusiasm began. Mr. Cas
tle's speech was short. He spoke forcibly
and with Kreat earnestness. The men
tion of Crocker's 'name i was . the , signal
for cheering; and the enthusiasm kept up
for some time. Mr. Castle spoke as fol
lows: . i
It has been some years since we' elected a
county committee of said city and county,
shall be elected to serve for two yiars from
and after the date of appointment and shall
be selected as follows: Four members from
each Assembly District, to be selected by the
delegation from each Assembly District in this
convention, and the names so selected, with
their residences, shall be presented in writing
by tha chairman of each district delegation
to Secretary McClelland.
The chairman of this convention. In addition
to the members of the committee named by
the district delegations, shall appoint within
three days after the final adjournment of this
convention eighteen Republican electors to
serve and act as members of said governing
committee. This new governing body of the
Republican party of San Francisco shall be
successor to the existing committee and ehall
be known as the governing committee of the
Republican party of the city and county of
San Francisco.
Eleventh — The chairman, John S. Partridge,
and secretary, Clifford McClelland, ehall make
and certify a correct copy of the proceedings
of this convention and furnish the same to
the chairman of the Republican county com
mittee. . .
Twelfth — The chairman of this convention
shall appoint a committee of -flve to act as the
committee required by the purity of elections
law. ¦ . • • • - •
. Thirteenth — The said committee shall also
serve as a campaign committee for the can
didates. ?
Fourteenth — The order of business shall '. be
as follows: ¦ ' • . -
1. Report of committee on platform and
resolutions.
2. Nominations of candidates for public of
fices to be voted for at the municipal election
to be held- in this city and county on Novem
ber 3,- 1003, in the following order:
1. Mayor.
2. Auditor.
3. -Sheriff. »
4. Tax Collector..
5. Treasurer.
0. County Clerk.
• 7. Public Administrator.
8. Recorder.
10. City Attorney.
11. District Attorney.
12. Coroner.
13. Two Judges of Police Court.
' 14. Eighteen Supervisors.
Fifteenth — Naming of members to Repub
lican county committee by Assembly District
delegations.
Sixteenth — Roberts' Manual ehall be the
guide on all parliamentary questions that shall
arise In th'.» convention.
Seventeenth— The committee further recom
mends the adoption of the folio wins resolu
tion:
Resolved. That the chairman of this conven
tion appoint a committee of five Republican
electors, who are empowered and delegated
to Till any vacancies that may occur in the
list of nominees of this convention by reason
of death, inability to serve or from any other
cause, and when such vacancies shall have
been filled the same shall be certified and filed
as required by law.
Respectfully submitted, !¦-.':•>
MILTOX H. ESBERO, Chairman.
¦William S. Wood submitted the report
of the committee on platform. Through
out the reading of it by the .secretary
the delegates Interrupted 'with applause.
The mention of Theodore Roosevelt's
name was the signal for cheering. Gov
ernor Pardee was also accorded a cheer I
when the section of the platform com
mending his administration was read.
The platform was adopted with hearty
applause.
on credentials. Marc Anthony, chairman
of the committee, was driven -a Kearty
reception when he stepped on the plat
form and read his report. He stated that
the committee had examined the roll call
as certified to by the Registrar of Voters
and found there ¦were no contests. Upon
motfon the report^ was adopted.
Milton S. Esberg presented the report
of the committee on permanent organ
ization. The section of the report which
stated that no candidate of the conven
tion should receive a nomination from
another canvention was received with ap
plause. The report, which was adopted,
is as fallows:
To the Chairman and Members of the Re
publican Liocal Convention of the City an<J
County of San Francisco — Gentlemen: Tour
committee on permanent organization and order
of business respectfully begs leave to report
ap follows:
First — The committee recommends that the
temporary officers be declared the permanent
officers of this convention.
Second — That aJl resolutions intrcinced be
referred without debate to the committee on
platform and resolutions.
Third — The committee recommends that Sec
retary Clifford McClelland be and he is hereby
declared the secretary, who. with the chair
man of the convention, shall f=l(rn and make
. .ath to the certificate of nomination to be filed
of all nominations made by this convention
as required by law.
In the event of the inability of said Clifford
McClelland to v*rform or discharge his duties
as such secretary as proscribed by law, then
such duiy (• and the same is hereby .delegated
to be performed and «Iischare«l by Secretary
T. E. Atkinson, and in th« event of the in
ability from ar.y cause, neglect or refusal on
the part of »*ld T. E. Atkinson to perform
and discharge said duty as. prescribed by law,
then Secretary M. D. Cohn be and hereby is
authorized and emi>owered to eign and make
th* necessary affidavit of such certificates of
nomination required -to be filed according to
law. . .
. Fourth — That each candidate, being placed
in nomination, pay to the tecretary the sum
©I ten dollar? ($10).
¦Fifth — Every nominee of this convention
Ehall appear before the convention, indorse the
platform and lurree to support the entire ticket
of tliis convention and sliall also pledge him
self not to ar>i>ear before any other convention
to accept a nomination at the hands of any
other party.
Sixth — Nominating speeches shall not exceed
ten minutes, seconding speeches limited to five
minutes each. • ¦ •
Seventh— It *hall r*<iuire a. majority .vote of
all -Hie delegates elected to this convention to
make a nomination.
Eighth— In calling the roll of delegates on
any nomination no change by any delegate or
delegation shall be permitted until completion
of the roll call.
Ninth — The chairman of this convention shall
appoint a committee of, nice delegates, one
from each Senatorial district, who shall recom
mend In writing to the convention the names
of eighteen candidates for Supervisors, giving
occupation and residence of each persun recom
mended.
Tenth — A governing committee for the • Re
publican party of the city and county of • San
Francisco, to consist of ninety electors/and
who ehall also be known as the Republican
I see, gentlemen, that it is only necessary
to mention his name to evoke your manifesta
tions of approval and admiration: and it is
wen that - it ' is so. for we • have no official In
the' city ¦ and county ¦ of . San Francisco • who
merits more approval for his administration
than . the - incumbent ¦ of the Treasurer' a . office.
Bora amidst our people, the son of the second
M'DOTXGALD IS POPULAR'
The first, most Important, indispensable and
absolutely requisite qualification for a can
didate for the position of City and County
Treasurer of San Francisco is Integrity. ' A
man without Integrity, but possessing all the
other essential attributes of . manhood, would
be a hindrance and a danger to this city.
I am going to follow the lead of my predeces
sors in presenting to you to-night the name
of one who has shown that he is sound, that
he is honest, that he has - integrity of the
best kind. I take pleasure — and it is a pleas
ure to nominate such a man, a personal pleas
ure, because I believe that the citizens of this
convention, following the lead of ¦ two years
ago, > will nominate him and will, pursue their
efforts to victory and that he will be re
elected Treasurer of this city and county. I
refer to and nominate John McDougald for
Treasurer. (Cheers.) .
Leon Samuels of the Twenty-ninth As
sembly District also took the floor to
say nice things about Mr. Smith. He
told of the great Improvements wrought
by that official and of the many friend3
he had made during the last two years
by his courtesy and business methods.
Mr. Samuels said he was certain that Ed
ward J. Smith would be re-elected to the
position he now so honorably holds. There
was no opposition and Mr. Smith was
nominated by acclamation. He also was
escorted to the platform and said:
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
convention, I indorse your platform and
promise If elected to conduct the office in
the interest of the taxpayer. I thank you,
gentlemen." | .
Nominations for Treasurer were next In
order. Judge John R. Aitken was recog
nized by the chairman and ascended the
platform, to nominate "Honest John" E.
McDougald. 'When the delegates heard
McDougald's name therer was genuine en
thusiasm. The Treasurer Is extremely
popular. Judge Aitken spoke as follows:
that time, and so well has" he conducted the
office, bo perfectly has he looked after the
interests of this city, that there is not one
dissenting voice against him here to-night. I
refer to my friend Ed Smith, of my own
district. (Cheers.) South of Market street,
where he was born, north of Market street,
where he has made hundreds and thousands
of friends; out in the Thirty-fifth District,
where he has put the abode of his manhood,
every man who knows him loves him; every
man that haa grasped his hand knows that he
Is a true and upright friend. Under his ad
ministration the Tax Collector's office, has
become a model for civic government. He
has gathered !n every dollar that ought to be
gathered in; and, 1 on the other hand, he has
never for one moment worried the small tax
payer who really should not pay. I think,
gentlemen that if you will nominate Ed Smith
here to-night if you will send him out before
the people we will duplicate our success of
two years 'ago and make him again the Tax
Collector.
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. 23.-A«ent3 of
steamship lines received notice to-day that no
more freight of any kind -win be received by
the White Pass and Yukon Railroad Company
for transportation to Dawsoh and other pointj
below White Hors» this season.
Governor of the State, educated in our com
mon schools; a man of unfailing gocd humor,
of- infinite popularity with the people, he was
nominated two years ago. elected to the oftlce
of City and County Treasurer, and during his
term he has handled $31,000,000 and has ac
counted for every cent of It. He is a whole
souled, genial, honest man. Some years ago
at Nevada City I heard John McDougald nom
inated for a grand office in the Native Sons,
and the delegate- who put him In nomination
referred to him as "Honest John"; and well
was that name bestowed upon him. because
he has everything that an honest man should
have; he is the very embodiment cf honesty.
I take pleasure, therefore, in nominating him.
believing that the suggestion of his name will
meet with your approval, and that he will
go forth to the people of this city this fall
to be again elected by them to handle their
funds during the coming term.
M'lXJTJGAXI* ACCEPTS.
Richard Cox and James F. Lawler also
seconded the nomination of Mr. McDou
gald. William J. Gullfoyle would not be
denied and said some nice things about the
Treasurer. Nominations being closed Mr.
McDougald was nominated by acclama-
Lpon motion of Mr. Truman the con
vention adjourned to meet to-n!ght In the
Alhambra Theater.
Mr. President, worthy delegates and fellow
citizens: I have heard the reading of you
platform and the various resolutions, which
I most heartily concur in, and I shall go forth
to maintain and promote them. It gives me
great pleasure to stand before this convention
thl 3 evening to receive your unanimous choice
for the office of City and County TreasurT
I win state that I will rive you no cause for
regret, that if elected to that honorable Doai
tlon I will faithfully perform Its uuties and
that at the end of my term there shall 'bt a
surplus on hand to pay all future demands
Thank you. "
tlon. He was escorted to the platform
and when the cheering: had ceased, spoka
as follows:
The fact is recalled that Ruef two years ago sought to have Schmitz proposed for Mayor in the
Republican convention. Ruef then said that he knew Schmitz would not be nominated, but he wanted
to place the Republican party on record as against organized labor.
The convention will meet again to-night. There are indications of a sharp fight over nomina
tions for Public Administrator and District Attorney. It was fancied at one time yesterday that the
District Attorneyship was settled, as leaders of the party, representing many delegations, invited
John S. Partridge to accept this place on the ticket. Mr,. Partridge, .however, declined the honor.
The fight is on between General E. S. Salomon and ex-Senator Frank McGowan. It was gossip last
night that John J. Greif would get the nomination for County Clerk.
There are likely to be contests over selections for the Board of Supervisors. A committee of
nine .will recommend eighteen men to the favor of the convention. The declaration of the convention
against its nominees soliciting the indorsement of other conventions is not as pointed and com
prehensive as many of the delegates hoped for. x
Continued From Page 1, Columns 3, 4 and 5.
The roll call was ordered, and as each
delegation was called the chairman arose
and announced a solid vote for Henry J.
Crocker. This continued until the last
delegation was reached, when Abe Ruef,
chairman of the Forty-fifth -Assembly
District, arose and announced fourteen
votes for Henry J. Crocker and one re
fusing to vote. Immediately there was
a clamor in •< the convention. Ruef stood
calm, but pale,' and waited for the noise
to cease. He then announced that the
chairman of -.the district had: declined to
vote for reasons that were- persdnal. This
was apparent to "every; one In^ the'conven
tion hall. It is known that Ruef Is Mayor
Eugene E. Schmltz's right hand man and
will support him at the coming election,
despite his affiliation with the Republican
party. Mr. Ruef spoke as follows: ¦
Without, any. disrespect for\ the gentleman
who is . about . to b'e named as • the nominee of
this convention ; I without I any I reflection what-
Robert Greer of the Forty-second Dis
trict, also seconded the nomination of Mr.
Crocker In behalf of his delegation. .
ABE RUEF EXPLAINS.
Richard Cox of the Twenty-ninth Dis.
trict also ascended the platform to pay
a tribute to the nominee. . He said he took
the platform to say:. a word in behalf of'
Mr. Crocker, whom he had known for
many years. He spoke in part as follows:
I stand here this evenilig to say one word
in behalf of a gentleman whom I have known
for many years. He Is the son of a grand
family, who settled in the Sacramento Valley
many years ago; emigrating from . there he
went to the public schools here, graduated from
the High School and finished his "tuition in the
St. Matthew's Academy at San Mateo. He has
sprung into manhood to embark in the business
community, and in all lines of commercial
business he has made a success. There Is no
doubt in my mind that If you place him' at
the head of the ticket and put your shoulders
to the wheel, united as we are to-night — some
thing which I have the grand pleasure of look
ing upon, a united convention that is no .man's
convention, but free and untrammeled — all
you have to do now is to stand shoulder to
shoulder and show what a good, united Repub
lican party can do. I thank you for your at
tention-
Again, now when great trusts ar^ crumbling,
wh?n the expansion of San Francisco's Oriental
trade Is yet In its infancy, when great rival
cities to the north and south are diverting our
commerce, when whole factories and many
laboring men are leaving our city to establish
themselves across the bay; now, when you are
about to bond the city with a debt or $18,000 -
000, It is an imperative necessity that we
have no professional, but a business man for
our Mayor. (Applause.) It is the duty of
this convention and the community to select
euch a safe and stalwart helmsman to guide
the party and the city through these storms
that are approaching; such a man is Henry'
J. Crocker. .
There are other things besides the party
to. consider. Just as the nation, has to -have'
a Republican , President to protect the rights
of .the Whole people, so the people of San
Francisco demand ; that a Republican Mayor
shall, be < selected to safeguard the -rights of
this community. (Applause.)' And those hopes
shall be fulfilled. Mr. Crocker, like Theodore
Roosevelt, will go before the people -as the
champion of the great tax-paying, the con
suming, as well as the laboring classes. (Re
newed applause.)
Marc Anthony of the Forty-third Dis
trict seconded the nomination of Mr.
Crocker. The young attorney spoke well
and- he. made an excellent Impression upon
his auditors. He was greeted with ap
plause when he stepped forward to speak,
and at the conclusion of his" speech wa^
loudly cheered. He spoke as follows:.
On behalf of the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict, a united delegation, I stand before you
to second the nomination. • ¦
Our party needs a leader who reconciles;
whose nomination will be the death knell of
Republican feudg and factionalism. This can
didate will not go about seeking quarxels- he
will -not make the party a target for attack
and criticism; he stands as the embodiment
of harmony. ' . . \ ,
EULOGIZES CANDIDATE.
Republican Mayor, and the reasons. I believe,
are not very difficult to find. The conventions
that have met in past years hav e selected
good men to head our ticket, but unfortunately
the nominees of our conventions imvt not re
ceived the united support of our party. For
the first time In many years in the history
of the ' Republican party we stand united
(applause), and united we can and will elect
a Republican Mayor. (Renewed applause.)
The gentleman whose name I am about to
present to you Is a native of this State, a
business man of the strictest Integrity, popu
lar among all classes, active for the welfare
of the municipality; and If he receives the
support that I believe he will receive In this
campaign he will be the next Mayor of San
Francisco. (Cheers.) I have great pleasure
in presenting the name of Henry J. Crocker.
(Great applause.) . . .
-I: think;. 1 that ""there ;is scarcely any excuse
that' a man could give for leaving the chair
when -presiding over a -convention of such fine
and ¦ representative Republicans as are here
to-night If he was . not going to duplicate a
victory which he inaugurated two years ago
this fall. .At that time I had the pleasure of
appearing before a municipal convention : and
naming a . man- whom the Republican -party
of San- Francisco carried into office on the
wave i of .; popular . ballots. . He ; was ? elected at
Chairman John 8. Partridge surrendered
his gavel for the nonce to ; place £ his
friend, Bdward J. Smith, In nomination
for Tax Collector. He said he had had
that pleasure . two years ago and desired
totrepeat It. as, he felt certain that Mri
Smith would be , re-elected to office. He
said : , ' • - , i
E. J. SMITH NOMINATED.
• We. want a man in whom the citizens of
this community have . the. highest trust and
: for whom "they have the highest regard. We
.want -a , man who has established for himself
a reputation, and whose name is regarded
with honor and admiration. Such a man is
Henry H. Lynch. (Cheers.) Mr. Lynch has
lived in this community for many years. He
is well known. He has many friends and
when he goes -out. to make the fight he win
make the other fellow look pretty sick before
he gets through with him. We want a man
who will be elected, and Mr. Lynch is going
to be elected just as sure as you are all here
to-night.
We have put up a good ticket so far; let
ua continue the good work and complete a
good ticket. Therefore I hope that Mr. Lynch
.will receive the unanimous Indorsement of
every delegate, to. this convention. I thank
you, • ¦ . .
Judge George Schell of the Thirty-sev
enth Assembly District took great pleas
ure in seconding the nomination . of
-Lynch. . He said he was too well ¦ known
in the community to need any eulogy at
his hands. He felt certain that Mr.
Lynch would be elected. Lynch received
the nomination by acclamation and was
then invited to the platform to thank
the. delegates. Mr. Lynch did not prove
an orator, but when his smiling face was
recognized by the delegates he was given
a hearty reception. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of th« Con
vention: I thank you very heartily for the
way In which you have nominated me. If
elected Sheriff I shall certainly do my full
duty. I here Indorse ¦ your platform, which
I have heard, in every particular. As I am
not a speechmaker you will have to excuse
me now. (Cheers.)
LYNCH FOR SHERIFF.
It Is hardly necessary to impress upon you
the Importance of the office of Sheriff of this
city and county. We want a man in that of
fice who at the same time combines in him
self the elements of courage, honesty, fear
lessness and sincerity. We want a man In
that office who in the discharge of his duties
will know no friends- nor foes, but one who
will administer them equally before the law
and impartially upon all citizens alike.
Mr. and Fellow 'Delegates of the
Republican Convention: This Is. a harmonious
convention. „ I know it. is harmonious, because
I have been' fold so (laughter).- Therefore the
many horses and carts and others who have
come here In the expectation of witnessing
a circus will be badly fooled.
Edward >F. Treadwell, a young 1 delegate
from the Thirty-fifth Assembly District,
seconded the nomination In a short
speech and Sanford Felgenbaum of the
Fortieth Assembly District also seconded
the nomination in behalf of hla friends
and neighbors of the district. Mr. Baehr
received the entire vote of the convention
and was called before .the delegates to
express his sentiments. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention: I thank you heartily for this re
nomlnatlon and indorsement of my administra
tion, and I promise that If re-elected — and I
know I will be — I will conduct the office in
the same business-like manner that I have
conducted it in the past. I heartily indorse
the pl.itform and will give the entire ticket
my full support. Thank you, gentlemen.
Henry H. Lynch was placed in nomina
tion for Sheriff by Isidore Golden, the
bright particular star of the Thirty
felghth Assembly, District. Young Golden
made a "nice speech and bestowed many
jhigh encomiums upon his candidate. He
spoke as follows: ... ..•-"•..-
INDORSES PLATFORM.
.1 believe in the principle that an honest and
faithful servant should be rewarded, and If you
nominate him I have no doubt the people of
San Francisco will honor him by electing him
to that Important office. In private as a suc
cessful business man, a man of family, devoted
to his domestic life, a kind and obliging neigh
bor and an enthusiastic Republican. I have
had the distinguished honor or knowing him
for the last twenty years. From my long per
sonal acquaintance and close and intimate qpn
tact with him I have had unusual opportuni
ties of observing his habits, his inclinations
and of judging his character, his ability and his
merits. He has proven hmself to be an hon
orable and conscientious gentleman, well liked
and respected by every human being who has
the honor of knowing him and meeting him.
Mr. chairman and gentlemen of the conven
tion. If you want such a man, if you want a
man against whom not a word can be said,
a man who loves and respects his fellow man,
a man who would rather do- right than any
thing else on the face of the earth, one who
respects the rights of every one, who is able.
Intelligent and who has the ability and the
honesty conscientiously to perform every duty
which mav fall upon him, then I present to
you for your consideration the name of our
present Auditor, Harry Baehr.
BE WARD FOR HONESTY.
It is my particular privilege as a delegate
to this convention, representing the Fortieth
Assembly District, one of the banner Republi
can districts of San Francisco, to place In nomi
nation before you the name of a gentleman as
Auditor of San Francisco who is In every re
spect worthy of your earnest consideration and
unanimous support. I refer with extreme
pride and pleasure to the honorable gentleman
who has so faithfully, so efficiently and so sat
isfactorily performed the Important and respon
sible duties of that office for the last two
years. His record as a public official as well
as in private life is well and favorably known
to nearly every, citizen and taxpayer In . San
Francisco and particularly for the faithful dis
charge of his Important duty as guardian of
the finances of this city, a duty which he has
fulfilled with honor to thin great municipality,
with honor to the Republican party and with
pride and credit to himself and his numerous
friends and constituents. His conduct of that
office has been sufficient in- itself to commend
and endear him to every citizen by reason of
his superior ability in the discharge of his duty
and the strict and high Integrity of his char
acter.
Nominations for Auditor were declared
in order, and Maurice L. Asher was rec
ognized. He took the platform and In a
speech often interrupted by applause'
placed ths incumbent, Harry Baehr, in
nomination. He spoke as follows:
BAEHR FOR AUDITOR.
The roll call Bhowed that 318 votes had
been cast for Henry J. Crocker, and his
nomination was made by acclamation.
There were loud shouts for Crocker, • and
the chairman appointed Messrs. Castle
and Anthony to escort 'the distinguished
Republican to the platform. As Mr.
Crocker left his seat In the Forty-first
Assembly District he was accorded an
ovation. The cheering continued until he
was introduced by the chairman as the
next Mayor of San Francisco. When the
enthusiasm " had subsided Mr. Crocker
spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman, Fellow Delegates and Friends
of" the Republican Party: I wish first to in
dorse the platform that you have all heard
read; I wish to thank you personally for the
preat honor thatyyou have conferred upon me;
and I wish to say that my best hopes are for
the fulfillment of your wishes that we shall
win at the next election and that the entire
Republican ticket shall be elected, which I sin
cerely believe will be the result.
I will not take up your time in sayinjf any
more now. I have been placed before you as a
business man, and I hope that I shall be able
to Drove that I am such it I am elected as
Mayor of this grand city.
At this time, when we are all looking for
ward to a great American city, one to which
all the people of the United States will turn
their eyes in the next ten years, let me, if I
can, fill for a brief time a position that will
help that city on Its onward course. If I can
Justify all the good things that have been said
about me by my friends and can stand off the
other half, which you have not. heard yet, but
which, will probably be given to you in Install
ments by th.e opposition (laughter and ap
plause) I dofi't think I shall have made any
mistake In 'having placed myself before the
voters of this city in an earnest and thorough
manner to uphold all that we pledge ourselves
to do.
Gentlemen of the convention, I thank you
sincerely again.
CHEERS FOR CROCKER.
ever of any. kind or character upon him, the
chairman of this delegation does not vote or
participate in this nomination for reasons pure
ly personal to hjmself, and makes this state
ment merely that • there may be no miscon
struction of his position hereafter.
Nominations for Various Offices Made
Without Any Disturbance.
SHORTLY' after 8 o'clock Chair
man John S. Partridge called
the Republican Municipal Con
vention to "order. Every dele
grate was In his 'seat and 'the
E^JlerJes and lobby were crowd
ed with interested spectators. The roll
call was ordered and Secretary Clifford
HcClellan announced that 315 delegates
were present."
The first order <;f business was the re
eepticn of the report of the committee
REPUBLICANS HOLD ORDERLY SESSION
Delegates Adopt a Strong Platform and
Candidates Indorse Every Plank.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1903.
4
DE. PIEECE'S EEMEDIES.
ONE STEP ffiQSSE
'Will be fatal to the steep-walker. Will
he draw back or will he take the final,
fatal step? A great many people are in
peril like tlie sleep-walker. They are
diseased. The disease is progressing
day by day. The time comes when one
more step away from health is fatal.
The man who has suffered from indi-
***** gestion .or gastric trouble
vipl, is?^* some night to a
4mT">J Sinner 8nd returns home
/$wT *° ** e has taken that
(ffM j| last step from health
M/dil which can never be tak-
MW/ll IV «» back -
(<M4LJ2a t ? neglect the cure
v4i lii I\iju\. °^ iodigestion or some
'vP^i I in\k& other form, of stomach
2M// lit R trouble is dangerous. II
V/J/ l/ A i6 also inercusable. Dr.
X j / / 5 Pierce'* Golden Medical
j_V| J , IHscoTery cores diseases
1 J ' j of the stomach and other
-rjr I 7 organs of digestion- and
MIL \Vr nutrition. It purifies
C^-SSr4AJ r the blood, stimulates the
i^™ lta^^and eliminates bilious
poisons from the sys-
tem.
r«Tbe pralae I would like
to give your ' Golden Medical
Discovery' I cannot utter in
words or describe wltli pen,"
write* J«fi B. Ambreie, Esq..
of i3os S Mifflia St., Hunt-
ingdon, Pa. "I was taken
with what onr physiclana «ald wu indigestion.
I doctored with the best around here and found
no relief. I wrote you, and you a*rfaedme to
use Dr. Pierce** Golden Medical Diacorery. I
took three bottle* and I felt »o &*** that I
stopped-bdo? cured. I have no eymptoma of
gastric tro«b!e or indigestion now."
If you ask your dealer for "Golden
Medical Discovery 1 ' because you have
confidence in its cures, do not allow
yourself to be switched off to a medicine
claimed to be "just as good," but which
you did not aik for and of which you
know nothing.
Yon can get the People's Common
Sense Medical Adviser. 1008 pages, pa-
per coven, free by sending 21 one-cent
stamps, to pay expense of mailing only..
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y. V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ CAUTION!
As poor butter spoils j
good bread, so poor
sauce destroys the flavor
of good food. Buy the
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Beware of unscrupulous dealers who so far forget their own interests and
the health of their customers as to sell you worthless imitations of
LEA & PERRINS' SAUCE.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.The people of London use gas for fuel,
heat and light almost to the exclusion of
all other material, and Americans are
rapidly following this lead with satis
factory results. If you are in doubt what
you want consult tjie gas company.' You
will find their advice good. •
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 23.—
At a meeting of the sophomore class to
day a unique innovation was introduced
into the college "Custom of a distinctive
headwear for the different classes. The
head wear adopted by the sophomores is
a red Turkish fez, mounted with a white
tassel. The new insignia will be worn by
all members of the class, both men and
women, who will make their, initial ap
pearance In fezes on a near-by date.
Sophomores Adopt a Novel Hat.
Award Contract for New Courthouse.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 23.— The Board
of Supervisors has accepted the bid
of the American and Hawaiian Engineer
mg and Constructiori~Company" of S132.S35
for the construction of a new county
courthouse at this place. The court
house will be built according to the plans
of Dodge & Doliver, architects, upon the
site of the present courthouse. It has
been so arranged that the new buikl'n;
will be erected without Interfering with
the use of the old structure.
BAKER CITY, Or., Sept. 23.— Deputy
Sheriff Snow was called to Durkee this
afternoon to arrest Charles Ritner, a
saloon-keeper, upon the charge of having
assaulted the 13-year-old daughter of
Robert McAulay, a hotel proprietor,
is stated that the crime was committed
several, days ago. The little girl's condi
tion became serious yesterday and a mob
of citizens started out to wreak vengeance
upon Ritner. Ritner wjis warned In time
to flee.
Citizens Threaten Vengeance.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 23.— Frank A. Sal
mons, the owner of the Pala Chief gem
mine in which he discovered the crystal
first known as salmonite and later named
kunzite after the ' eminent • authority on
gems. Professor Kunz of New York and
Washington, will leave for the East In
a few days. It is understood that he goes
for the purpose of disposing of the mine.
It is owned by himself and three others
and he goes armed with an option on the
other three-fourths interests.
Kunzite Mine for Sale.
SALEM. Ore., Sept. 23.— The Board of
Portage Railway Commissioners £>t a
meting this afternoon Instructed Attorney
General Crawford to take steps to begin
the necessary condemnatory proceedings
against the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company and such individual prop
erty owners along the line of the proposed
Dalles-Celilo portage railway. with
whom an amicable settlement could not
be otherwise obtained to secure a right
of way for the road.
To Begin Condemnatory Proceedings.
BELGRADE, Servia, Sept. 23.— At King
Peter's request the Cabinet will resign to
morrow, but the Ministers will remain in
office until the meeting of the Skupshtina.
Servian Cabinet Will Resign.
SAN JCSE, Sept. 23.— A number of resi
dents along the route of the San Jose-
Los Gates Interurban electric railway in
the city limits are preparing to contest
the building of that road under the fran
chise granted by the city. The City Coun
cil, President Rea and Manager Granger
of that road have been served with a no
tice by Charles Foerster to that effect-
Manager Granger states no attention* will
be paid to the notice. The property own
ers claim the road will deoreciate the
value of their property.
Object to the Proposed Railway.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— It is reported that
the British battleships Russell. Illustrious
and Renown have been ordered from Ma
jorica, Baleric Islands, to Suda Bay, Isle
of Crete, It is supposed In connection with
the Balkan crisis.
Battleships Are Ordered to the Island
of Crete.
BRITISH SHIPS TO MOVE.
Edwards was 40 years of age^ He was.
a member- of Templar Lodge, I. O. O. F.,
of San Francisco. Members of his crew
state that he had been contemplating
suicide for some time.
The Sheriff was summoned, but before
he arrived Ed\vard3 went out on the
wharf and shot himself.
NAPA, Sept. 23.— Crazed by lfquor, Cap
tain E. Edwards of the lumber schooner
Robbie Hunter of San Francisco shot
himself through the brain with a pistol
th:s morning at the Hatt lumber yards.
Edwards had been drinking heavily ever
since the schooner arrived In Napa a few
days ago, and having sp.-»nt all his money
on liquor, demanded more of the foreman
of the lumber yard. Upon being refused,
he grew hostile and threatened the lives
of those around him.
Captain Edwards of the Lumber
Schooner Bobbie Hunter Blows
Out His Brains.
LIQUOR-CRAZED SEAMAN
KILLS HIMSELF AT NAPA
LAKEVIEW, Or., Sept. 23.— The lower
Chowaucan marsh, about thirty miles
north of Lakeview, has been burn
ing- tor the past thiee days and about
five thousand tons of hay have been de
stroyed so far. All of the Hereyford
Bros. 1 hay and all of that owned by the
Brattains in that vicinity has already
been destroyed and the tire is now rapidly
consuming the remainder of the marsh,
which belongs to the J. B. Haggln Com
pany of Sacramento. Ten thousand cat
tle would have been wintered in this
marfh.
Fire Sweeps Over Marsh Lands.
PHOENIX, A. T., Sept. 23— General Su
perintendent W. A. Drake of the Phoenix
and Fastcni Railroad announces that the
roa.d will be completed from here to Flor
ence and trains running pome time in De
cember. Structural steel for the bridge
over the Salt River at Tcmpe to replace
tlie present temporary wooden bridge is
now en route and work m>on the steel
bridge will begin in a few days^
Railroad Is Nearing Completion.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Sixty upions, hav
ing a membership of nearly 50,000, afilli
ated with the Building Material Trades
Council, will, according to Secretary
Deutsch of the council, support the Mar
ble Workers' Union against the effort of
the National Marble Dealers to maintain
"open shops."
«
Support for Marble Workers.
TELLURIDE. Colo.. Sept. 23.— Manager
Henry Buckley of the Silver Bell mine
granted his mill men an eight hour day
and three shifts will be employed In the
mill. Captain Davidson, manager of the
Caribou-Montezuma. also granted an
eight hour day. This practically settles
the labor troubles In Ophir, with the ex
ception of the Butterfly-Terrible mine,
whose manager. J. S. Keating, refused to
treat with the union.
Labor Troubles in Ophir End.
Burglar Sticks in Pantry Window.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 23.— Because
he was too fat, an unknown burglar
stuckv in the pantry window while en
deavoring to enter the residence of Mrs.
M. Powell last night. The noise he made
while endeavoring to extricate himself
aroused the women inmates of the house
who screamed for help. Mrs. Powell ran
to a neighbor's house to give the alarm
and her daughters went into the base
ment in search of some weapon. As two
men arrived on the scene, the burglar
managed to wriggle loose, fell Inside the
pantry, ran out of the front door and es
caped.
SAN JOSE, Sent. 23.— William 1^. Wells
of San Francisco had a narrow escape
from electrocution by a broken trolley
wire at Delmas avenue and San" Carlos
street late to-night. The wire had fallen
to the ground and WellF. in crossing the
street, ran into it. His left side was bad
ly burned and he was thrown violently to
the ground by the shock. It is thought
be received a couple of thousand voits.
Wells was picked up in an unconscious
condition by the railway employes and
taken to the Pacific Hotel, where he is
Flopping. He is badly injured, but It is
thoucht he will recover, although it will
be some weeks before he can get around.
Wells came here a few days ago from
San Francisco looking for work.
William L. Wells of San Francisco
Huns Into a Live Wire at
San Jose.
NARROWLY ESCAPES
BEING ELECTROCUTED
Want Seniors to Control.
BERKELEY. Sept. 23.-After a confer
ence lasting until midnight the student
affairs committee of the University of
California to-night decided to turn over
to the senior class the control of all mat
ters relating to the student body, pro
vided the seniors shall accept the -duty.
This the upper classmen will decide at
a meeting to be held Friday.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 23.— W. H. Stib
ings awakened this afternoon from the
sleep which he entered upon last Friday
morning. He feels no bad effects save
that he is still quite drowsy and has se
vere pains in the left side of his head
which, however, yield to treatment. He
remembers nor knows nothing of what
happened since he went to sleep though
his nurses have been able more easi
ly to make him take nourishment this
time than ever before. On the two pre
vious occasions he awakened very weak
and lost weight while he slept, but this
time he feels quite strong and will be
able to return to work within a day or
two. He thinks that he has passed the
present sleepy period. It is his third
sleep and both of the former ones were
longer.
Sleep Which He Entered Upon
Last Friday.
W. H. Stibings Awakens From the
FEELS NO BAD EFFECTS
FROM HIS L0NQ SLUMBER
Macedonian Sympathizers Are Urg
ing Bulgaria to War.
SOFIA, Bulgaria. Sept. 23.— A less hope
ful feeling prevails to-day in Government
circles regarding the general situation,
although no actual change Is reported.
The events of the next two days are
awaited with great anxiety and popular
feeling Is becoming more excited. A
largely attended meeting of Macedonian
sympathizers held at Rustchuk, Bulgaria,
on September 22. adopted resolutions ap
pealing to the Bulgarian Government to
declare war on Turkey immediately.
In revolutionary circles war is believed
to be imminent unless Turks cease mas
sacreing the Christians. Dr. Christo
Tatarscheff, president of the Macedonian
organizations, says that the insurgent
committees attach no significance to the
reported negotiations between Turkey and
Bulgaria, because similar negotiations
were discussed 'In 1S97 and later In 1S9D and
PEACE OUTLOOK GLOOMY.
PUEBLO, Colo., Sept. 23.— The annual
convention of district No. 15, United Mine
Workers of America, which includes Colo
rado, Wyoming, Utah and New Mexico,
opened here this morning. A number of
the delegates had not arrived and little
work was done. The miners are asking
a higher wage scale, an eight hour day,
no discrimination against members of the
United Mine Workers, a bi-weekly pay
day and reforms in the system of weigh
ing. The sentiment of the delegates
seems to be in favor of a peaceful settle
ment if possible.
The credentials committee reported fav
orably on the question of allowing inside
men or shop men in the membership.
This was passed up to the convention it
self, also, but has not been taken up yet.
There are 1C>0,OGO of these men and If they
are accepted it will immensely strengthen
the organization.
«
Mine Workers in Convention.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Sept. 23.— After be
ing In session behind closed doors since
early this morning the convention of the
International Association of Bridge and
Structural Iron Workers at 10 o'clock to
night voted in favor of seating Samuel
Parks and the other delegates from local
union No. 2 of New York. There were
but three votes cast against Parks and
his friends. These were the ballots of
President Buchanan, the Kansas City del
egate and one other. The result was a
decided victory for Parks, as it reinstates
him and local No. 2 of New York, of
which he is the business agent, and fcli
rectly repudiates the action of President
Buchanan in suspending it. The Parks
delegations will now have seats on the
floor, and the supposedly regular New
York delegates are out of It.
Action of President Buchanan Is
Directly Repudiated.
DELEGATE PARKS SEATED.
Special significance attaches to the
Macedonian meeting at Rustchuk because
the resolutions adopted are the first open
expression of such an emphatic character
In favor of war coming from any popular
meeting in Bulgaria. Rustchuk is the
chief commercial town in the country.
Resolutions also were passed thanking the
Pope, the English Bishops, the Trades
Union Congress and the British and Amer
ican press for their expressions of sym
pathy with the Macedonian cause.
Fighting is reported to have taken place
near Kotshanl, on the frontier. In which
the Turks lost fifty men killed and the in
surgents suffered a loss of ten. A panic
prevails at Kotshani and all business and
work is at a standstill. Reports of other
minor encounters and more atrocities by
the Turks continue to come in.
Referring to the details of the proposed
arrangement, Dr. Tatarscheff said there
was no guarantee, even if the committee
was appointed, that It would ever be more
than ornamental. The present village
commissions in Macedonia have Bulgarian
members, but they are always favorable
to the Turks. The president of the Mace
donian organizations concluded by declar
ing that the insurgents would be satisfied
with nothing short of Intervention by the
powers.
LANSING. Mich., Sept. 23,-CoIonel Eli
R. Sutton, former regent of the State
University and prominent in Michigan
Republican politics during Governor Pln
gree's administrations, who has returned
from Mexico to plead guilty to the charge
of conspiracy to defraud the State by
means of the notorious military clothing
deal, arrived here to-day from Sodus, N.
Y., and went to the Circuit Court, where
after a hearing he pleaded guilty. The
court, desiring a conference with Sutton.
adjourned the hearing until this after
noon.
After spending the afternoon closeted
with Judge Wiest. Sutton came into
court just before 6 o'clock to receive his
sentence. Judge Wiest gave him a severe
scoring and then imposed a fine of $2000,
which Sutton immediately paid.
It is understood that Sutton, during the
time he was closeted with Judge Wiest,
Prosecutor McArthur also being present,
related everything within his knowledge
in regard to the alleged attempts at Jury
bribing in this county at the time of his
first trial. His statements were taken
down by a court stenographer and were
sworn to. Sutton's fine of $2000 is the
amount paid by the other men implicated
In the military supplies deal. When Sut
ton left the city to-night he declared that
he was now free to come and go as he
pleased, indicating that he is assured he
will not be prosecuted on the charge of
perjury.
1900. The Porte, added Dr. Tatarscheff,
entered into the conference only to gain
time to finish the extermination of what
it regards as the dangerous elements In
Macedonia.
Pleads Guilty to Charge
of Conspiracy and
Is Fined.
FRESNO. Sept. 23.— Thomas H. "Prosper,
a United States mail messenger, was ar
rested here to-day by Deputy United
States Marshal Timmins, on a charge of
embezzling a package from the mail. The
charge was brought against him by
Deputy Postoflice Inspector T. J. Hare.
Trosper was taken before United State3
Court Commissioner Laning, to whom he
made a complete confession. The pack
age stolen by Trosper was of small value,
merely containing a shirt, but the theory
is held that he took it believing it con
tained something of greater value. The
theft was traced to him by the discovery
of the shirt in a bundle of his clothing at
a laundry. He was admitted to $1000 bail.
The crime Is punishable by Imprisonment
of not Ices than one nor more than five
years.
Package Containing- a Shirt Is Stolen
and the Theft Is Traced to
Him.
UNITED STATES MAIL
MESSENGER IN TROUBLE
Curry.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— The Inouest to
determine the cause of the death of Dr.
Edwin F. Dlmmick of Oakland, who was
found dead in the Contra Costa hills, was
begun at Martinez this morning at 11:30
o'clock by Coroner Curry. There were
present from Oakland Mrs. Dimmick,
mother of the deceased; Lillian Dimmick,
his sister; C. Dimmick. a brother, and
Mrs. Edwin Dimmick. the widojv of the
deceased, together with Edward Troy and
Frank Brltton. who were in tha company
of Dimmick on his trip to the hills.
The mother was the first witness. She
testified that she believed her son had
been foully dealt with, but had no knowl
edge of the fact. All she knew of the
circumstances was what she had read in
the papers and what she had been told.
She had reason, however, to believe, she
said, that her son's life was in danger,
because her son had told her that Stella
Walker, or Florence Welch, the woman
who now claims to be the Widow, had
once stabbed h!m and that her son stated
at that time that Stella "would get him
yet."
"It has been stated that my vson was
a habitual drunkard," said the mother.
"If so he could not have attended to busi
ness as he did. He was in his right mind
as far as I could see. If he was crazy it
was because of what they gave him in
camp. He was not addicted to opiates."
The case was continued until 1:30
o'clock.
Inquest Into Cause of Young Man's
Death Is Begun by Coroner
DIMMICK'S MOTHER THINKS
-DENTIST WAS MURDERED
SUTTON RETURNS
FOR SENTENCE
Strike* Causing ©day in Building
Constraction Decrease th» De
made for Ma
terial.
PITTSBrRG-. . Sept. 2$.— Tire "United
States Ste*l Corporation may close all Its
f heet steel plants in the near future unless
the Amalgamated Association will con
sent to a recommendation under the same
pl&a as was agreed upon last fall. The
rrason for this attitude Is an overstocked
market and the dullness of trade at this
time of year.
The Chronicle-Telegraph says It has
learned to-day that a movement Is on to
curtail the production of pig iron begin
ning October 1. A falling off In the de
mand for pig Iron is an Indication of a
falling ofl in the demand for finished iron
and steel products.
LEBANON. Pa., Sept. 23.—Vice-Presi
dent Buckingham of the Lackawanna
Iron & Steel Co., corroborated the state
ment that the furnaces here and at Corn
wall. Pa,, will be blown out in a few
<3ays. throw Ing out 2000 workmen. He
paid the company had too much iron on
hand. Buckingham said further that the
building trades strikes, causing delay in
the construction of new buildings, had
helped to necessitate the suspension,
which might continue.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— All collieries of
the Lehlgh Valley Coal Company, the
• •nrporatlon which owns all of the anthra
cite coal mines controlled by the Lehigh
Valley Railroad, will be closed on Satur
day and Monday of next week. This is
the first important closing of mines since
the end of the anthracite strike eleven
months ago and is significant as an indi
cation that the supply of coal has once
rr.ore reached a point commensurate with
the demand at tide water. Absolute dr
r.ial If made that there is over production
or that coal in any quantity is being
stored by any of the companies that pre
dominate the New York market. The de
mand in the West remains somewhat in
f\rc« of the supply and the only market
¦where coal in quantity is being stored is
Philadelphia, which is supplied by the
Reading. With the exception of the Le
high Valley, none of the other preat com
panies with headquarters in New York
*ill clow any collieries this week.
WILKESBARRE, Fa.. Sept. 23.— Notices
have b«>«?n posted at all the collieries of
the Delaware and Hudson Canal and Coal
Company to the effect that the miners
will hereafter wqrk flv«> hours each day
until further notice, instead of nine hours
as heretofore. The order came as a sur
prise to the thousands of employes.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 24.— AH the Min
neapolis flouring mills were closed indefi
nitely last night at midnight. At that
hour all the men quit work except a few
who remained a few minutes to allow the
loll? to run clean. There was no violence
or disorder of any sort. Most of the mills
have notices posted to the effect that the
¦"time" of all the men .who quit v.ork will
be ready for them to-morrow morning,
and that all the men who do not report
for duty may consider themselves dis
charged. The strike involves about 1700
men.
Special Pifjutch to Tb« Call.
Turco-Bulgarian Relations Becoming
More Strained.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 23.-The re
lations between Turkey and Bulgaria are
daily becoming more strained. Rumors
are current of a crisis at Ylldiz Kiosk
and that the Grand Viziership haa been
offered to Said Pasha, who was uncere
moniously dismissed .last year, but that
he declines to again take the office un
less he Is authorized to declare war oh
Bulgaria, which the Sultan hesitates
to do.
As one of the results of the numerous
Cabinet councils at the Ylldiz Kiosk the
transfer of thirty-two battalions from
Monastlr to Adrianople has Decn ordered
and 200 young officers have gone to Sa
lonica and Adrianople to complete the
commissions in the army in Roumelia.
These movements are regarded as war
preparations against an expected attack.
The military commission is practically
in permanent session.
CLIMAX DBA WING NEAR.
The Insurgents have completely routed
the Turks at Melnik and have captured
many of them, including the commander
of a Turkish division, who Is being kept
a prisoner. Many Turks were killed.
The Times' correspondent at Vienna
telegraphs that there is excellent author
ity for believing that the Austro-Hun
garian Government has abandoned all in
tention of reviving or extending the
Austro-Russian programme of Macedon
ian reform. This decision, he says, was
probably influenced by the German Chan
cellor, Count von Bulow.
LONDON, Sept. 24.— A dispatch to the
Dally News from Dubnltz, dated Sep
tember 23, says heavy fighting has been
proceeding near tho village of Mlsh'nio,
in the district of Kotchang, five miles
over the Bulgarian border. The insur
gents numbered 250, under Captains Tre
noff and Tchernopeff, the latter being the
man who captured Miss Stone, the Ameri
can missionary. The Turkish force,
which consisted of ten battalions, with ar
tillery, suffered considerably. The insur
gents sent couriers for immediate rein
forcements.
Macedonians Capture Commander of
a Turkish Division in tho
Engagement at
Melnik.
Steel Corporation Threatens
to Shut Down Its
Works.
The men who are after the escaped for
ger are convinced that, armed as he is
with gun and revolvers, taken from
Schrook. he will make a desperate resist
ance. They are prepared to cope with
him and if necessary will shoot to kill.
There is a reward of $100 offered for
his capture by a California concern,
whose name Burke used with good suc
cess in drawing money from people along
the route of his travels.
Sheriff Totton Is returning to Stevenson
to organize an additional posse. Ho has
received word that Burke Is expecting to
find in the mall in the Stevenson post
office a money order addressed to George
Ray, the alias which he has selected
since breaking Jail in Hlllsboro, Or. A
close watch will be kept upon the post
office In Stevenson.
STEVENSON, Wash., Sept. 23.— A. de»
pera.t« man without a hat is the quest of
Sheriff Tottan of Skamanla County,
Wash. Tbat man Is J. H. Burke, the- Jail
breaker and forger, who, after a daring
escape from Totton and a hand-to-hand
encounter with tha halfbreed, Frank
Schrook, Is now supposed to be hiding
In the dense brush between Stevenson
and Lower Cascades. Wash. Tho woods
between Washougal and La Comas have
be«n searched by tho Sheriff's posso ¦with
out finding a trace of Burke.
Either In the flgbt with Sohrook or soon
after Burke lost his hat. and thus far
has not attempted to get another by en
tering any of the houses along the roads.
Kow Burke has subsisted during the
three days he has been in the woods is
a mystery. Ho has appeared nowhere
in search of food and. unless he has
found some hidden stor« of which tho
Sheriff has no knowledge, he is slowly
starving to death, while the minions of
the law are hot upon his trail.
Social XMtpatcb to Tfc« Call.
A committee of Northern Pacific fire
men and engineers is also in the city
awaiting a conference with the officials
of that road. It is not known what con
cessions they ask.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept 23.— The con
troversy between the engineers and fire
men and the Great Northern Railroad
was amloably settled to-night. Neither
the company officials nor the grand offi
cers of tho two brotherhoods would state-
Just what tho terms of agreement were,
but It is known that each side made some
concessions. Tho firemen are understood
to have been granted a slight increase in
wages bringing their schodulo to a parity
with, thoao of the various other transcon
tinental Hues. No Increase la believed to
have bean granted tha enslnemen, but nu
merous minor changes were made in the
working rules.
Tha controversy, which at one time
threatened to take- on a most serious
character, was brought to an end by a
series of conferences which began yester
day and ended to-night. The grievance
committee of tho two brotherhoods had
been In St. Paul in conference with the
ofllclals for more than a month. It is
paid that nearly every concession asked
for by the committeo was at one time
granted by the general officers and a ten
tative agreement was reached which was
then referred to President Hill. Hill then
referred the subject back to the general
officers and they at once withdrew their
consent to the concessions previously
granted. This greatly -incensed the men
and it looked for a time aa though a poll
of the local unions would be taken as to
whether or not there should be a strike.
Grand Chief W.F. Stone of tho Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers and Grand
Chief Hanahan of the Brotherhood of Lo
comotive Firemen were summoned to St.
Paul to take charge of the negotiations.
Another conference was asked of the
company officials and was granted. After
this conference Stone said that the com
pany showed a disposition to meet the
men in a spirit of fairness and that a
peaceful settlement was probable. The
conference was continued throughout the
day and to-night an agreement was sign
ed by the company officials and the com
mittee representing the men.
Miss Elsie Winkler, 16 years old, who
lives with her parents at 208 East 106th
street, haa been subject to epileptic at
tacks sometimes as often as twice a day
ever since she was ten years old. At that
time she had a severe attack of diph
theria. Her right arm became partly
paralyzed and epilepsy soon developed.
Until she began to receive the X-ray
treatment, bromides and other remedies
failed to relieve her. The bromides upset
her system to such an extent that her
face became covered by an eruption and
her general health was rapidly failing.
Since the application of the X-ray three
times a week she has gradually regained
her health and the epileptic attacks come
now at intervals as great aa sixteen and
seventeen days and are less severe. Her
complexion has cleared and she has
gained considerably in weight.
When she began taking the treatment it
was difficult for her to enunciate, while
now she speaks slowly, put distinctly.
NEW * YORK, Sept. 23.— For the first
time in this country and probably In the
world, epilepsy, heretofore . considered an
Incurable disease, is being successfully
treated by the application of the X-ray.
At the Post Graduate Hospital, In th»
electro therapeutic department, Dr. J. H.
Branth of West Eighty-Seventh Btreet
haa had an epileptic patient under treat
ment for several months. While too con
servative to declare the X-ray treatment
to afford a certain cure until ha haa had
the patient a longer time under his ob
servation, he is at least convinced that it
Is by far the most ouccessful treatment
yet attempted.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
Moslem Force, Supported by
Artillery, Suffers
Heavily.
Chiefs of the Labor Orders
Successfully Conduct
Negotiations.
Believe That He Is Hiding
in the Dense Brush Near
Stevenson.
Malady of Six Years' Stand
ing Is Gradually Dis
appearing.
Thousands of Eastern
Laborers to Lose
Employment
Insurgents and Turks
in Combat Near
Frontier.
Authorities Unable to
Locate Desperate
Jail Breaker*
Officials and Brother
hoods Make Mutual
Concessions.
Patient Under Treat
ment Makes Rapid
Progress.
BIG PLANTS
WILL CLOSE
THEIR DOORS
BATTLING ON
THE SOIL OF
BULGARIA
FORGER BURKE
STILL IT LARGE
GREAT NORTHERN
STRIKE AVERTED
POTENT X-RAY
CURES EPILEPSY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. > SEPTEMBER 24. 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tew STOMACH rf^^
Food that remains undigested
soon ferments, causing pain and
distress. A dose of the Bitters
before meals- will insure perfect
digestion and prevent Belching,
Flatulency, Heartburn, Dyspepsia
and Indigestion. Try a bottle.
AH druggists.
MBr oiUJtSw irriUtiont or ulcerniow
V^-4 rr^wto c..u«i-- ritnUfi. «nd not »«tria«
l?rqTHt£uKsCKtwiiu.Ce. «« t » r -f OI "°f^L uu .
Ui-A C!tKBIUTl.e.g3B| *•>* *' DmctlitlM,^
•!¦<»¦ «¦ 3 bettle> "-"- -
'^H^r ¦ • CirccU/ »BCt on r«gnen.
MARTLET ST. 5f\m^
ADVEBTISKMENTS.
* mmm 4* a c " ¦ ~ ii in ¦ H ¦ Hi —.-.»-¦ ¦ -*w>»wwM<«twM^»^''iwiM'w«rgasy^"" < T^TiTTni' i ''*MMi iiuwmr-^** •
San Francisco, Thursday, 24 September, 1903.
Jg|!! fW^iyHli
Quaint Chairs
$8.50 and $12.00'
For use in the dining- roofn. Simple in design, but
very effective and embodying comfort and durability.
Made of carefully selected oak pieces, matched perfectly
and securely put together. Finished without the use of
varnish or stains — the wood being scientifically and
thoroughly treated with acid fumes, thus producing a
rich dull brown color, impossible to wear off. Jhe seats
tare upholstered in a fine grade of Spanish leather,
f tanned to. conform with the wood finish. For the guest
chair we ask $8.50; for the armchair, $12.00.
Other furniture pieces of this character are here
also. Among the lot are round and square dining ta-
bles, which go nicely with the chairs described above.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)'
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco |
PBAgEB g
Ijmme^ A DeIicious Smoke (f( 1
Wr Green Stamp Cigar^^g I
u This Is One of the Very Best Smokes on the |? I
- /) Always ready to cater to the wishes of our customers, we If {§
j have had manufactured this fine band made cigar which we have >i j j
II ' introduced at a very popu'ar price. By special concession of iCj
W the (Spcrry & Hutchinson) Green Trading Stamp Company we if
\ have attached to the band of each cigar a 10c stamp. These ' ;\
I will be redeemed with their fall value by the Trading Stamp Hi
Company and will materially help to fill the premium books. i| A j
ttj 7 for 25c -:- I> 15 for 50c ijj!|
ffl) Box of 100 for $3.35 Ow
If) Pragers The Red Front (f I
U | V 1238-1250 MARKET ST. 857-059 MARKET ST. iV) 1
B If Corner Jones. Opposite Powell St. Jcjff \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Man
With money to burn will find his greatest
assistance in cheap laundries.
United States Laundry methods add to
a man's possessions and increase his self-
respect by furnishing the best work any
laundry is capable of.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE 1004 market street,
Near Powell.
BEERS
Famous the World
Over-~Full"sJMatured.
Sold Everywhere. - %
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. j
Pacific Coast As*ata. j ;
H IS THE MARK OF H
\\ CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. lf.|
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIER CO., San Francisco.
Can't Sleep?
Its' your nerves. Dr. Milcs| Nervine
will strengthen them and bring sweet
sleep and health. Delay is dangerous.
All arugjrists sell nd guarantee. Sendpcetv
for book on nervous cli*»-tt es.
D«. Mass Msuic.«i. CoyOU>irt lea.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rSESE AWX> SAIT MEATS.
I4C RAVF^ & CSi Shipping Butchers. 104 •
JAj. DUILJ S VV. Clay. TtL Main 12M.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * EULI3.
418 Front »t.. 3. F. Fhorw Main 1713.
E.C. HUGHES, «,J5S?t M .Shriners Are Active.
A great light has descended upon the Federal offi
cials who in this city are striving to bring to bar the
men that are cheating the Chinese exclusion law and
reaping a harvest of ill-gotten gold. Uncle Sam's
officers are firmly convinced- that the frauds against
the Government are the work of a formidable and
cleverly organized ring. These astute investigators
seem to be on the trail and we must wait with su
pended breath. Even a laugh would destroy the
spell.
DEMOCRATIC seekers after a Presidential
candidate, in sweeping their dragnets over the
bottom of the deep sea of bygone politics,
have again brought Richard Olney to the surface,
and once more his availability is being discussed with
as much vigor as if it were a live issue. His reappear
ance comes to some extent opportunely, for the Gor
man boom has faded away, the Parker movement
has curled up in a sleep that seems like death, and
the reorganizes feel they must have ; somebody in
sight to look to for relief when Tom Johnson or any
other Bryanite swaggers through the camp.
The revival of the discus.sion of Olney's chances is
the more interesting by reason of certain new argu
ments advanced to prove his availability. Some of
these are worth stating. A Boston authority gives
three reasons why he should be nominated, summar
izing them in this way: "i! Western Democrats
know that success is impossible without a candidate
acceptable to the East. They would support Olney
because he is one of the few prominent Eastern Dem
ocrats who did not repudiate Bryan. 2. Standing for
'law and order,' Mr. Olney would have a good
chance of carrying the great doubtful States, New
York, Ohio and Illinois. 3. Mr. Olney would serve
the 'high finance' as a 'vengeance' candidate with
whom to defeat Roosevelt. 'Anything to beat Roose
velt,' comments the Wall-street Journal, 'is'the motto
of that section of Wall street which has most bitterly
NEW PLEA FOR OLNEY.
Turkey, it is said by experts, can whip Bulgaria
and force her to an understanding of international
courtesies, but if she does the powers of Europe
will not permit her to enjoy the fruits of her victory.
It seems up to Bulgaria, therefore, to lose a few
thousand citizens, who would not be missed, and
give the world an occasional thrill of horror in ex
aggerated reports of the atrocities of war waged in
the cause of Christianity.
WASHINGTON dispatches announce that
the State Department deems the Panama
canal treaty dead by reason of the failure
of the Colombian Government to take favorable ac
tion upon it within the time agreed upon. The
whole issue is therefore reopened. Under the
Spooner act President Roosevelt can now take up
the Nicaragua route, or he can permit the matter to
rest for a time in the hope of finding some way of
reaching an agreement with the Colombians.
The situation is a favorable one for the display of
statecraft and diplomatic skill. The people of the
United States are eagerly awaiting the construction
of the canal. They have watched with an increasing
impatience the incessant recurrence of difficulties in
the way of the enterprise. It was fondly believed
.vhen the Panama treaty was ratified by the Senate
that the last obstacle had been removed and the
great work would soon be under way. That hope
has been disappointed. The opponents of the move
ment have found a means for baffling the national
will, and once more the whole project is in danger
of being subjected to a new controversy among the
advocates of rival routes.
Fortunately we ha\*e a President who can be re
lied on to act with promptness and a Secretary of
State who has proven himself one of the ablest
Ministers of Foreign Affairs now living. It is
therefore reasonable to expect they will take up the
issue at once and set in motion negotiations which
will lead to a satisfactory treaty with cither Colom
bia or Nicaragua. The great mass of the Ameri
can people are indifferent as to which of the two
routes be chosen, for after all the choice is one of
comparison only. Each of the two is in some re
spects superior to the other. A canal by either would
most decidedly be better than none. The country
expects the President to act under the authority
given him, so that the issue may not once more go to
Congress and be made the subject of useless and
tedious debates. The people know the President has
.a right to act, and they expect him to act right.
UNCLE SAM-A. S., City. The term
"Uncle Sam," as applied to America,
arose at the time of the last war between
England and America. At Troy, on the
Hudson, Elbert Anderson, a contractor
for the American army, had a storeyard.
At- that place there was an inspector
named Samuel Wilson, who was usually
called "Uncle Sam," whose duty it was to
superintend the examination of the pro
visions and when such were passed each
cask or package was marked E. A.— u. 3.,
the initials of the contractor and the
United States. The man whose duty it
was to mark the casks and packages was
a facetious fellow and when asked what
the letters meant replied that they stood
for Elbert Anderson and Uncle Sam. The
joke was soon circulated, became widely
known and was heartily entered into by
"Uncle Sam" himself. Before that war
was over it got into print, waa published
in every paper and then by common con
sent everything that bore the initials of
the United States was said to be the prop
erty of "Uncle Sam." Mr. Wilson, the
original Uncle Sam, died In Troy August,
1854, at the age of 84 and the facts above
given are from an article published at
that time in the Albany Argus.
THE DELAYED CANAL.
The mob has made its appearance, with all its dan
gerous and deadly consequences, in Mexico. It was
not to be expected that our southern neighbors, laud
ably emulous of our good traits and deeds, might not
seek, under the influence of association, to imitate us
in some of those things which we strive most to con
ceal and condemn.
FRATERNAL ASSOCIATION— A. S..
Hemet, Cal. When an individual joins a
fraternal beneficiary association he takes
an obligation to abide by the laws of the
supreme, grand and subordinate bodies
and he is bound to obey such laws. There
is no law that will induce the association
to pay back the amount paid in as assess
ments for protection, for that is the same
as premium paid for insurance in any as
sociation. During the time for which the
premium Is paid the association agrees to
pay in case of loss, and when the pre
mium has lapsed then the obligation of
the association ceases.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Pi#.s9 Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candied, 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
San Francisco Circle No. 490, of the
Women of Woodcraft, has issued invita
tions in the form of a rai'.road ticket with
coupons attached "good for one contin
uous trip and return to the ice cream,
social, entertainment and dance to be
given Friday evening, September 25. in
Mission Masonic Hall. 266S Mission
street." The guests will be entitled to
ice cream and a chance to vote for the
most popular lady and for the laziest
man. .
Woodcraft Social.
NEMO— A Constant Reader. Occidental,
Cal. It is probable that the man Sharp,
who recently committed suicide in New
York City and sought to conceal his iden
tity, assumed the name of Nemo because
his condition was similar to that of Nemo,
a character in Dickens' "Bleak House."
Nemo was the name by which Captain
Hawdon was known at Krook's. He had
once won the love of the future Lady of
Dedlock. by whom he had a child. Ksther
Summerson, but he was compelled to
copy law writings for his dally bread
and died a miserable death from an over
dose of opium.
WOODLAND, Sept. 23.— The report sent
out to the effect that the disagreement
between the City Trustees and the library
trustees has virtually killed the Carnegie
library enterprise is not true. The City
Trustees are unanimously in favor of
meeting all the requirements of Mr. Car
negie, but they will not accept the site
selected by the library trustees.
Library Building Will Be Erected.
DIAMONDS— A Subscriber, City. The
diamond, one of the most valuable of
precious stones, is carbon, a simple or
elementary substance, crystallized and in
its greatest purity. Diamond will burn
before the heat of the blowpipe in air or
oxygen gas, combining with oxygen to
form carbonic acid. Imitation diamonds
are plentiful, but diamonds have never
been artificially made.
Samuel Adelstein, a well known member
of the Order of the Eastern Star, will de
liver an illustrated lecture to-morrow
night before Harmony Chapter of that
order in the upper hall of the Golden
Gate Asylum on Sutter street, on "The
Temples of the Holy City." The lecture
will be interspersed with vocal selections.
Temples of the Holy City.
There was filed for record yesterday a
deed covering the transfer of all the
properties owned by the Spring Valley
Water Works to a new corporation to
be known as the Spring Valley Water
Company. The deed recites that at a
meeting of the board of directors of the
Spring Valley Water Works a resolution
was adopted authorizing the conveyances
and grants of all its business, franchises
and real and personal properties to the
Spring Valley Water Company in this
and other counties. The consideration
mentioned is $10. The transfer is made
because the corporate name of the con
cern has been changed.
Changes Corporate Name.
HISTORICAL CANE— F. T. M., Bur
lingame, Cal. There Is no market value
for a 'cane made of a piece of the cut
water of the old frigate Constitution. Such
a relic is worth Just what value the pos-
Bessor thereof places on it, or what some
one anxious to be possessed of it would
be willing to give. You should, if you de
sire to part with it, advertise it in The
Call.
Darlna Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West No. 114 will, on next
Monday evening, hold services appropri
ate to the Pioneer day of the order. On
that occasion the association of Pioneer
Women of this city will be the guests'
of the parlor. Mrs. Oenevleve W. Baker
will deliver an address and Mrs. E.' M.
Northrup will entertain with recitations.
Guests of Darina Parlor.
INDIAN ON LAND— F. M.. Orleans.
Cal. If you have reason to believe that
an Indian is unlawfully occupying min
eral land in your vicinity you should lay
the matter before the United States Land
Office at Eureka, Humboldt County. The
question asked calls for a legal opinion,
one of the class that this department does
not answer.
THE Examiner urges the people to vote for the
Geary-street bonds, and gives as a reason that
if the road is reconstructed by the city the
Board of Public Works will reconstruct it with the
new improved grooved rail, such as is now being
laid on Third street, and which, it also alleges, is
used in Washington.
This would be a very good argument if it were
true, but the fact is that the plans and specifications,
as prepared by the City Engineer, and upon which
his estimate of $710,000 is based, do not call for this
rail, except from the corner of Fifth and Point Lobos
avenues out Point Lobos to Tenth avenue and out
Tenth avenue to the park, where there is now no
railroad and where there must consequently be an
entirely new construction.
But it is not true as to the present road. The rail
provided by the City Engineer for this road from the
corner of Kearny and Market streets out to Fifth and
Point Lobos avenues is the rail now used by the
Geary-street road. If the city were to tear up this
rail and put down the above mentioned new rail the
estimates would have to be increased from $70,000 to
$75,000, and'the bond issue of $710,000 would there
fore fall short of the entire cost by about $75,000.
The Examiner further states that in the city con
struction the streets between the tracks would be
paved with the saine material as is laid in the rest
of the street, while the present Geary-street road is
not so paved. An examination of this road shows
that the space between the tracks for thirty-seven
blocks is paved with the same material as the rest
of the street, while for nine blocks where the street
is paved with bituminous rock the space between the
tracks is paved with basalt blocks well laid in
cement. f -J
In the discussion of this question it is well to
stick to the facts.
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Woodbury.
Thirteenth Infantry, has been ordered by
General MacArthur to take station at Fort
McDowell. Captain Howland left yester
day for Benicia to inspect rifle practice
on the department ranges. Major Devol.
superintendent of the transport service,
received word last evening that the Sheri
dan left Nagasaki yesterday.
News in Army Circles.
THE GEARY-STREET ROAD.
CALLING— R. E. B., City. If a lady
send out "at home" cards those who re
ceive them should call or send an excuse.
If subsequently the lady sends out cards
that she will be at home on four succes
sive Mondays the persons receiving them
are governed by their own wiil as to
whether or not they should accept the in
vitation to call.
NAMES— A. S., City. Two uncommon
names beginning with S for girls are:
Salva. which means "safe." and Salome,
which means "peaceful." Two names
commencing with U that are uncommon
and would *• for boys are: Urian. which
means "a husbandman," and Uriel, which
means "light of God."
RAILROADS-Subscriner City. The
statistical abstract of the 'United States
for 1903, a Government publication, gives
the following figures concerning locomo
tives, passenger and freight cars in the
United States: Locomotives, 39.729; pas
senger cars. 27,144; mail cars, 8667; freight
cars, 1,409,472. ,
The seeming inconsistency in the conduct of the
Government at St. Petersburg is due solely to the
fact that the Russian policy has been judged in the
past mainly by words and not by deeds. Announ
cing herself as the champion of Christianity, she has
sought to overthrow the Turk and establish herself
in Constantinople. In times past it was possible to
advance her imperial interests while championing
Christianity, and consequently it was easy to speak
the "large, divine and comfortable" words that
arouse enthusiasm in the Christian masses of Amer
ica and of Western Europe. At present it is no lon
ger possible to do so. Two Christian powers, at
present weak but very ambitious, are seeking to ob
tain the empire of the Turk; Bulgaria is fighting
for it in the north and Greece is intriguing for it
in the south. Should either Bulgaria or Greece win
the prize Russia will see her long cherished desire
for Constantinople baffled and beaten. Therefore it
is that she no longer champions the Christians. She
is for the Turk, and will uphold him until the time
when she can seize upon his kingdom in defiance of
both Greece and Bulgaria.
There are some other considerations that doubt
less have their share in holding the Russian Govern
ment back from giving aid to the insurgents of the
Turkish empire. Among them is the revolt at this
very time of a number of Armenian subjects of Rus
sia« It would not be impossible for a Russian states
man to give orders for the slaughter of Armenians in
Russia while at the same time sending a formal
high-sounding protest to the Sultan against the
slaughter of Bulgarians in Turkey, but the world
would laugh. The publicity of our time has put an
end to that free and easy way of regulating domes
tic politics on one principle while asserting the op
posite in foreign affairs. Russia is, in fact, doing
very much what the Turk is doing, though on ¦ a
smaller scale, and therefore finds sentimental as well
as political reasons for upholding the Turk and bid
ding Bulgaria keep the peace.
While the Armenian movement in Russia is by
no means so formidable as that going on among the
Christians of Macedonia, it is none the less quite
a portentous uprising, and disturbs the empire much
more than those massacres of Jews with which civ
ilization has been ringing. It appears, in fact, that
the Armenians may yet undertake to fight, and if
so it is predicted by those familiar with the country
and the people the revolt will spread from province
to province and affect many millions of people.
The trouble between Russia and her Armenian
subjects, like that between the Sultan and the Mace
donians, is largely one of religion. The Russian
Government has been trying to force all Armenians
into the orthodox church, and to that end has seized
most of the Armenian church property. The results
have been already serious and may become more so
at any time. The situation is so grave the Russian
Government has every reason to desire an early set
tlement of the 'troubles in the Balkans at whatever
cost. For once the Czar and the Sultan have a
mutual interest. Christianity and liberty must wait.
HARDLY any feature of the relations of the
great powers of Europe to the anarchy that
prevails in the Balkans is more interesting
than the attitude which Russia has taken as a friend
of the Turk and an opponent of the plans and as
pirations of the Christians of Macedonia and Bul
garia. For many a year the Russians posed before
the world as champions of oppressed Christianity.
Ardent and zealous souls in this country have prayed
earnestly for Russia's success in every battle be
tween that power and the Turk. Sanguine hearts
have cherished a hope that within a few years Rus
sia would drive the Turk out of Europe altogether
and .give peace and freedom to the suffering inno
cents of Macedonia. To those earnest souls and
sanguine hearts there must be something almost
horrifying in the reports that now come from Eu
rope, announcing with emphatic reiteration that the
Russian Government has warned Bulgaria not to in
terfere in Macedonia, but to leave the Sultan a free
hand in the suppression of the "insurrection," no
matter how much of slaughter the suppression may
require.
PRECIOUS STONES— A. I. P.. Cozzens,
Cal. There are a number of firms in San
Francisco that deal in precious stones in
the rough, but this department cannot
advertise such. If you send a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope this depart
ment will mail you several addreses.
RUSSIA AND TURKEY.
ROYAL ARCANUM-S. W, B., Benicia,
Cal. Tho supreme secretary of the Royal
Arcanum is W. O. Robson. Boston. Mass;
the grand secretary for California is D.
W. Maloon, Los Angeles, and the secre
tary of Argonaut Council, San Francisco,
is George W. Dixon.
The scheme of gamblers, sure-thing men and the
numerous fraternity of rascals generally to incor
porate the town of Colma for vicious purposes has
failed. The county authorities of San Mateo are
evidently determined that we must bear the burden
of our evildoers and suffer the consequences of tol
erating their operations among us. This decision is
entirely a natural one.
STAMPS— Ignorance, Santa Rosa, Cal.
The so-called language of stamps is the
arrangement of stamps on envelopes as
agreed upon by two or more persons who
may wish to use such a. method to ex
press their ideas instead of writing the
same on paper.
PURSE— Miss R. E., City. The safest
way to restore a gray leather purse is to
turn it over to a professional cleaner, who
will do the work at small cost. An ama
teur would undoubtedly destroy the same
in the attempt to clean it.
MUSIC— E. F. C. Martinez, Cal. Any
of the first-class music stores in San
Francisco can furnish you a writer of
music who will arrange musical composi
tions for the piano or other instrument.
SHARKEY-FITZSIMMONS — D. B..
City. The first meeting between Tom
Sharkey and Robert Fitzslmmons was at
Coney Island, August 21. 1900.
THE BANCROFT FIRE— A. M., City.
The fire which destroyed the Bancroft
building on Market street occurred on the
afternon of April 30, 18S6.
Assessor Dodge Is of the opinion that
the difficulty could have been avoided by
figuring the State rate on the increased
valuation and the city's rate of $1.07G on
the valuation as returned by him and
upon which the city's rate was based.
The sum of $600,000 was collected on
such property during March, April, May
and June by the Assessor, who was com
pelled to figure the taxes on the old rate
of $1,608, fixed in 1902. These collections
represented In a large number of In-
Btances taxes on the household furniture
of small holders. These will be compelled
to pay an additional sum to the city of
approximately 12% per cent in excess of
what they have already paid.
When Assessor Dodge was asked what
the effect would be in figuring the new
rate fixed by the Supervisors on the in
creased valuation as returned by the
Board of Equalization, that official said
It would result in additional taxes being
collected from personal property holders
who have already paid their taxes under
the old rate.
"Without desiring to criticize the action
of city officials in reducing the city's tax
rate to 84. 4 cents in order to figure the
rate on one valuation as increased by
the State Board of Equalization," said
Assessor Dodge yesterday, "it appears to
me that the very thing which it wa3 de
sired to avoid, namely the collection of
more taxes than contemplated by the
municipal budget, will be foisted on the
small property holders who have already
paid under the old rate.
"To illustrate, we will suppose that a
business man has been assessed for $10,
000 on which he has paid under the old
rate of $1,608 the sum of $160 SO in taxes
to the city. Under the raise of the Board
of Equalization, the Auditor will in
crease his assessment to $13,000. At the
new rate of $1,405 (84.4 cents for the city
and 56.1 cents for State purposes), fie
will be charged with $182 65 on the assess
ment roll. Since he has paid $160 80, there
will be due to the city under the new
rate the sum of $21 S5. This represents
approximately an Increase of 12*£ per
cent, which the personal property holder
will be called upon to pay the city.
"As the collections of this kind amounted
to some J600.000. it is plain that the city
will collect $75,000 more of such taxes.
This will necessitate the making out of
extra bills by the Tax Collector and the
sending of notifications to the property
owners, all of which will add to the ex
pense of the collections."
The amount of increase exacted from
small property holders will be In a man
ner offset by the fact that the banks and
other holders of money and solvent cred
its and mortgages will have to pay some
$75,000 less, owing to the reduction in the
city tax rate to 84.4 cents. The assess
ment of $33,000,000 in the properties named
was not increased by the State Board of
Equalization according to the Political
Code. The reduced rate really should not
apply to the property described, but the
old rate -of $1.07t> should be applied to val
uations not raised by the Board of Equal
ization.
The raising by 30 per cent of the val
uation of this city's assessment by ths
State Board of Equalization and the con
sequent reduction In the city's tax rate by
the Board of Supervisors to 84.4 cents per
$100 will result in the collection of ad
ditional taxes, aggregating some 575,000
from owners of personal property un
secured bv real estate.
The Board of Public "Works took under
advisement the plans of the city architect
for the addition to the Almshdu$e Chapel
to cost $4600. The appropriation for the
purpose, however. Is only $4000.
The board recommended to the Super
visors the passage of an ordinance mak
ing it unlawful for any person to deposit
refuse or garbage from any dwelling
house or place of business In any recep
tacle which is being maintained by the
city on any sidewalk for the purpose cf
holding street sweepings. J. G. Harney.
contractor for street cleaning, complained
that the sidewalk cans are being used
as a dumping place for garbage by store
keepers and householders.
The board appointed W. D. Fogus as
sistant timer at $3 per day; J- F. Flynr..
P. Prltchard and William Carter plum
bers at $5 per day and I>. McMahon plum
ber's helper at $3 per day.
The board raised the salary of James
B. McSheehy. inspector of school build
ings, from $100 to $135 per month.
George Davl 3 was granted permission
to move the building belonging to George
A. Newhall at the southwest corner of
Van Ness avenue and Sutter street to a
lot on Pacific avenue, near Webster street.
The value of the house i3 given as $100,000
and it will be cut In two before being
removed. On the site will be erected the
new synagogue for the Emanu-El con
gregation.
The petition of John McLaren and F.
W. Rodef eld -that a bituminous rock pave
ment be laid on the northerly side \ of
Fulton street, between Eighth and Ninth
avenues, was denied because the charter
prescribes that a pavement cannot be
laid under public contract without ex
tending the same throughout the whole
width of the roadway.
Flinn & Treacy were granted an exten
sion of sixty days within which to com
plete their contract to pave Waller street,
between Masonic avenue and Ashbury
street and the San Francisco Construc
tion Company an extension of ninety days
to pave H street from First to Seventh
avenues.
The-City Engineer was directed to maKe
slight alterations in the specifications for
the repavlng of Spear street.
John F. Lewis was appointed as tem
porary stenographer at $73 per month.
The California Stevedore and Ballast
Company was permitted to remove a pile
of refuse material containing 2300 tons
from the roadway of Montgomery street,
between Lombard and Chestnut, provided
the land is first surveyed by the City En
gineer. •.—•»».; _ *
ffihfr -^§111^3 Call
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 24, 1003
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Iddress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
Ifik for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevennon St.
Delivered hy Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
1>nn* by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (lnclu-JtiiK Sunday), one year fS.OO
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 4.OO
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 75 c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear ; 2-»«
WEEKLY CALL, One Year *•<*>
f Daily... f8.80 Per Year Extra.
FOREIGN POSTAGE ' Funday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. J.OO Per Year Extra
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample corl*s will be forwarded when requested.
Mail rubscribera In ordering change, ot address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Brnndrrnj Telephone Main 10S3
DERKELEV OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
C. GEORGE KnOGNBSS. Manager Foreign Adver
tising Marqnette Iliiildlnfr. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON* CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON* E. CRAXE 14OO G Street, V. XV.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Ilntl.liriK
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhenr.an House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
DRA>rH OFFICES— -C27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 9:80 o'clock. 800 Hiyes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
8:30 o"clock. 1»41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o p clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. ICE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 0 o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until V o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
It is very well known that the action of the Presi
dent in bringing about an arbitration of the issues
involved in the coal strike won the favor of the great
mass of the American people, including labor, capi
tal and middlemen alike. Holding the strong posi
tion he does in his own party, his nomination is vir
tually assured in advance of the Republican con
vention, and with a harmonious people behind him
his election would be a foregone conclusion. Two
sets of men, however, have been gravely offended by
the President's course — the yellow journalists dislike
him because his action deprived them of a chance to
precipitate a struggle of labor against capital, out of
which the yellow editors would have gained both
money and notoriety, while the more reckless of the
Wall-street magnates are aggrieved because he
baffled their schemes for establishing a monopoly in
some of the great articles of public necessity.
Out of the situation there has developed the cu
rious fact that the organs of the unscrupulous trusts
and the organs of the yellow agitators are in full
cry against the President. We have then a combi
nation of the demagogues who denounce capital
with the stock gamblers who denounce labor.
Making faces at one another and hurling denuncia
tions against one another in public, they are working
cunningly together in secret to defeat the President
and thus make way for a period of strife out of
which both the gamblers and the yellows hope to
make profit.
A part of the working of the scheme has been dis
closed by the efforts to make campaign capital out
of the reinstatement by the President of Foreman
Miller in the Government Printing Office. The
magnates of Wall street who would not dare to at
tack the President openly have found in this case
a good opportunity to make the attack while posing
as the friends of labor unions.
A recent report from Washington concerning the
developments of the case in that city says: "It is as
serted that influences which cannot be questioned as
to their purposes and which relate to Wall street
and other financial centers are endeavoring to pre
cipitate a fight by labor organizations on the Presi
dent, and that they are operating in conjunction with
prominent Democrats here. The plan is said to be
to have Democrats make a fight on Mr. Roosevelt in
the Miller case in order to embroil organized labor
against him. This is to be done by placing prejudi
cial facts in the -Miller case before labor organiza
tions, to create a resentment at what they will under
take to show has been unfriendly action by the Presi
dent toward the principles of organized labor. Those
who huve become satisfied that this plan really is in
progress have asked why it should be necessary to
begin such work so far ahead of the events it' is
hoped to influence. The reply has been that Wall
street Republicans and other financial influences
which have sought to injure the President's pros
pects for the nomination realize that they cannot be
gin too soon."
This is the way the game goes. Wall street is
willing to ally itself with yellow journalism for the
sake of beating Roosevelt, and yellow journalism is
willing to ally itself with Wall street for the same
purpose. Organized labor is to be made the catspaw
for the allied apes, provided always that it can be
duped into consenting to play that role. It is a case
of Blifil and Black George outdone. Fortunately it
is too clumsy a trick to succeed. The American peo
ple are not going to be misled by any such manifest
political bunko as that.
JOHN RANDOLPH of Roanoke once shocked
the country and brought a duel down upon his
head by declaring the appointment of Henry
Ciay to the office of Secretary of State by John
Quincy Adams to be "a union of the Puritan with the
blackleg, a combination of Blifil and Black George."
In the days when everybody was familiar with the
personages referred to the charge was looked upon
as an aspersion that could be refuted only by pistols,
and accordingly Clay called upon Randolph to come
out and be shot at. Since that time there has been
many a worse combination than that of the good
New Englander with the genial Kentuckian. We
have in fact become accustomed to queer alliances of
that kind and have adopted it as a proverb that pol
itics, like poverty, makes strange bedfellows. In the
whole extent of our history, however, there has been
no such alliance as that which is now reported to
have been formed between the yellow journals of
New York and the stock gamblers of Wall street to
beat R*oosevelt.
The scheme as outlined is an ingenious one, and
unless the public be put on guard against it is likely
to prove dangerous. It consists of a plot to excite
the workingmen of the country against the President
to such a degree that the Wall-street combine, act
ing in collusion with the yellow journalists, can
swing the labor unions against him in the coming
Presidential campaign.
A POLITICAL, BUNKO.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
TAXPAYERS
WILL HAVE TO
BEAR BURDEN
It may be that the captains of finance would like
to beat Mr. Roosevelt and that Mr. Olney would
serve them as a candidate as well as any other Dem
ocrat, but if it be so they will have to keep the
vengeance programme as dark as Egypt, for even
the casual suggestion of it is enough to endanger
whatever chances the Massachusetts leader may have
of getting a nomination.
The third reason is unique in American politics.
Never, before has a candidate been recommended for
the Presidency on the ground that he will be a
"vengeance candidate," serving to work out the re
venge of certain interests that believe they have been
injured. The plea is of course unjust to Mr. 01
ney, and it does not accord with the second reason
given for his nomination — that he stands for law and
order — for if he have a true regard for law and or
der he would enforce the law against corporations
that violate it just as strictly as against any one else.
resented execution of the law against itself. Mr. Ol
ney would suit as well as any other candidate.'"
ALMSHOUSE
CHAPEL PLANS
ARE SUBMITTED
THE SAN FKAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
John D. Rockefeller, it is announced, intends to
spend thirty million dollars in the construction of
business buildings in Cleveland. This report, if true,
comes as a shock and as a very definite correction of
the current opinion that, Mr. Rockefeller already
owns the earth.
English military experts have decided that Amer
ican army tactics, involving the principle of skirmish
ing rather than that of mass formation, is the most
effective in the world. This decision is probably the
only asset of the South African war To which British
generals can point with pride. It could only be
reached by the sacrifice of thousands upon thou
sands of brave British lives.
The members of Islam Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of
the Mystic Shrine will go on a pilgrimage
to Fresno City Saturday. October 3. where
they will hold a ceremonial Bession and
will conduct a number of novitiates over
the hot sands of the desert, which are
several degrees hotter than the soil of"
the city to be visited. The Shriners will
remain in "the raisin belt f 6r ; two days'
and will visit all points of interest. On
the 14th there will be a ceremonial ses
sion in. Golden Gate Hall in this city,
when a number of local eligibles will be
Instructed in the mysteries of the order
and the affair will be followed by n ban
quet. On the following evening there will
be a military novelty night in the Me
chanics' Pavilion. The programme will
consist of an exhibition drill by the Shrine
Drill Corps, hasty bridge building by a
company of the First Regiment Infantry.
N. G. C, saber drill by a troop of caval
ry, rapid firing gun drill and other mili
tary novelties by teams selected from the
soldiers stationed at the Presidio, the
several committees that are arranging the
details intend to make this a great suc
cess.
6
The Only Thing That
Interests Everybody
DID you ever stop to realize what it is in life that really interests
you the most — outside of eating, sleeping and being merry, of
course? Is it the mock heroics, the polished gentility of a dead
and gone age, or isn't it life itself— tense, eager, pulsating life— the very
things that the other fellow does that you do yourself? Just take note
of the following:
"The job of front-end brake man on a mountain division is no great
stake for a man ordinarily, but it was one for me just then. We knew
when we went into the superintendent's office that somebody was to get
fired; the only question who— the train crew or the operator? Our
engine crew were out of it; it was up to the conductor and to me. Had
the operator displayed red signals? The. conductor said no, I said no,
the operator said yes. but he lied. We couldn't prove it: we could only
put our word against his: and, what made it the worse for me. my con- ,
ductor was something of a liar himself.
"I stood beading in a cold sweat, for I could see with half an eye
it was going against us. The superintendent, an up and up railroad man
every inch and all business, but suspicious, was leaning the operator's
way the strongest kind.
"There wasn't another soul in the little room as the three of us
stood before the superintendent's desk."
There's a situation which at first blush might seem ordinary enouzh
but— is it? Perhaps you've been in the same fix yourself. It is not new'
but it always will be to the man who has the experience for the first
time, and oh. what awful possibilities it portends. It is a situation that
every man who works constantly stands in awe of. Can you cu C33 how
it came out? No But you want to know. Of course you want to
know. That is the curiosity— sympathy— or what you will that makes
the hves of those about us-the real- flesh and blood men and worn™ we
all know-the most absorbing subject imaginable. You may deny this*
if you will, but there is not the shadow of a doubt that yov. will look
first for Frank . H. Spearman's thrilling two-page narrative of 'The
«ma n rka a b!e r serfe S ™ .** "* <Ml lt is the second » thS
Of course you're reading "Lees and Leaven," by E. W Townsend
And thtre is also "¦"
Oracle of Mulberry Center" and "Why Good Men Go Wrong" bv 'The
Parson," and the. "Dainty Maid." by Colonel Kate anH 1 "wiwL t> tSAN DIEGO, Sept. 23.— Rafael Verlarde
was to-day sentenced to life imprisonment
by Superior Judge Torreance for the mur
der of Deputy Constable Peter Burke, at
Plcacho, several months ago.
Goes to Prison for Life.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 23. — Governor
Pardee this afternoon Issued a warrant
of rendition on ,the application of the
Governor of Missouri for the extradition
of Leo Spivey, wanted in Pemiscot Coun
ty, Missouri, on. a charge of murder.
Bplvey is now under arrest at Fresno *
Governor Signs Bequisition Papers.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 28.— Samuel and
Catherine Brush of Occidental have
brought suit against Mr. and Mrs. "W. P.
Stone of the same place to prevent the
defendants from diverting the waters of
a certain spring in the vicinity of their
homes. It is alleged that the defendants
have previously tapped their pipes and
diverted a portion of the supply and that
they are now constructing an independent
line from the spring- to their homes,
which will take the entire supply from
the spring if they are permitted to com
plete their pipe line.
Litigation. Over Water Supply.
A. B. Adams of New York, who is in
terested In mines in Mexico, arrived from
the East last evening and is at the Palace.
W. D. Pagan of New York, who is in
terested in the North Star mine, in Ne
vada County, has arrived at the Palace
on his way to the property.
T. M. Ore of Omaha, assistant to the
president of the Union Pacific Railroad,
and wife are registered at the Palace.
They have been making a tour of Califor
nia in a private car. v -; /;
James D. Phelan leaves for New Tork
to-day.
Dr. D. E. Blackburn of Pescadero is at
the Grand.
A. P. Booth, a merchant of Sacramento,
is at the Lick. l
F. L. Lusk, an attorney of Chico, is
at the Palace.
Dr. W. G. Downing and wife of Sulsun
are at the Lick.
Major J. W. F. Dies of Los Angeles is
at the Occidental.
John Ross Jr., a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is at the Lick.
Colonel D. H. Bryant, a rancher of San
Jose, is at the Grand.
Dr. A. M. Mclntosh of Vacaville is reg
istered at the Occidental.
Judge 8. K. Dougherty of Santa Rosa
is a guest at the Grand.
Timothy Hopkins will leave next Sun
day for a trip to the East.
Thonlas Derby of the New Almaden
quicksilver mines is at the Palace.
Thomas D. Petch, who is engaged in
mining near Eureka, is at the Grand.
Murray M. Harris, an organ manufac
turer of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Charles L. Tutt, head of a big mining
company in Colorado, is staying at the
Palace.
John Mclntyre, a mining man of Sac
ramento, is in the city for a few day's and
Is registered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Peace Disturbs the Peace.
Thomas Peace, an Ironworker living on
Twenty-third street, between Diamond
and Douglass, appeared before Police
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
disturbing the peace. It is alleged that
he went home under the Influence of
liquor on Tuesday night and drove his
wife' and children out of the house, rais
ing a disturbance that alarmed the neigh
borhood. The Judge was informed that
Peace was in the habit of driving his
wife and children out of the house and
compelling them to sleep all night on
the step?. Peace was ordered into cus
tody and the case continued for a week,
as his wife was unable to be in court.
The Judge increased his bonds to $500.
W. H. Metson is equally positive that
Duffy gave the deed in consideration of
$20,000. Metson was a witness yesterday
and during the course of his testimony
he said that he was the one who paid
Duffy the money In August, 1901, and re
ceived from him a deed giving his in
terest to Lindeberg. Further evidence in
the case will be heard to-dav.
Thomas Duffy, who is suing Jafet
Lindeberg for a share of $900,000 taken
from Alaskan mining claims, is positive
that he never signed any deed transfer
ring to the defendant his interest in the
claims. He so testified yesterday during
the trial of the suit In Judge Graham's
court.
Says He Never Signed a Transfer and
W. H. Metson Says That
He Did.
Directors of the Lewis and Clarke
Centennial Exposition Hope to
Secure Federai Aid. .
PORTLAND. Sept. 23.— The directors of
the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposi
tion, which will be held In this city during
the summer of 1905, will ask the Federal
Government for an appropriation of $2,
125,000. A bill appropriating that sum will
be forwarded to members of the Oregon
delegation for introduction in Congress.
The appropriations provided for in 'the
bill are:
For the erection of a Government building,
$250,000; to aid in the erection of a memorial
building to perpetuate the^memory of I^ewls
and Clark to preeerve the relics of their ex
pedition, $250,000; to provide suitable statues
and furnish historical data, etc.. for the Lewis
and Clark memorial building, $100,000; to
enable the officials of theChemawa Indian
School to make an exhibit at the Lewis and
Clark Exposition. $25,000: for the purpose of
aiding the Lewis and Clark Exposition, $1,500,.
000.
ter of Mr. and Mrs. George H.
Robertson of Honolulu, and James Dona
hue Dougherty, son of Mrs. Joseph
Spear, wife of the well known
Collector of the Port of San Francisco.
A double ceremony united the young peo
ple, both Catholic and Episcopal rituals
binding them hard and fast.
The young groom is well known on this
side of the Pacific, having been in the
customs service before his departure for
the coral isles three years ago. He is
a cousin of the Martins— Peter and Wal
ter—their father and Mrs. Spear's father
having been brothers: likewise he is re
lated to the Donahues paternally. A young
man of fine character and social attain
ments, he was cordially received by the
smart set in the islands, and his winning
the hand of one of the fairest maids on
the Isle of Palms has brought forth an
avalanche of congratulations from friends
and kindred here.
The bride, a petite maid with midnight
eyes and alluring: mien, was born and
reared in her island home, having, how
ever, strayed from Its beckoning palms
to pursue a cultural course in Boston.
Possessed of a dulcet voice that is in
perfect harmony with her personality, she
has devoted much time to Its cultivation.
The wedding took place at Panahoe, the
palatial home of the bride, in the pres
ence of nearly 1000 guests— that number
of invitations having been issued, and it
is a safe conjecture that but few regrets
to so splendid an affair were sent.
The grounds about Panahoe, with their
"WTLL ASK CONGRESS
FOR AN APPROPRIATION
A WEDDING occurred last night in
far-away Honolulu that Is of in
terest to San Franciscans— that of
Miss Sara K. Robertson, daugh-
The San Jose and Los Gatos Interurban
Railway also has its eye on Campbell,
and a lively fight over the franchise will
result. The company has a line from
this city to Saratoga and Los Gatos about
completed and "it has figured 'all along
on running another line from Los Gatos
direct to San Jose. •*
The San Jose Railway Company, which
owns the First-street line and other
branches, is said to be preparing an ap
plication for a franchise for an electric
road from this city to Campbell and will
file It with the Supervisors at the next
meeting. It proposes to extend its branch
from the end of Willow street at Lincoln
avenue on out to Campbell. The pro
posed line will run through a thickly set
tled community. The German Savings
Bank of San Francisco is the owner of
the First-street road and the proposed
extension.
Two Electric Railways Are Anxious
to Enter That Thriving Little
Town.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23.— There promises to
be a race between the San Jose Electric
Railway and the San Jose and Los Gatos
Interurban Railway to see which can
reach Campbell first. That thriving town,
six miles southwest of this city, has been
wanting an electric road for some time
and now it has the promise of becoming
the coal of two lines. The citizens of
the place are also preparing to Incorpor
ate as a town.
RIVAL COMPANIES WANT
FRANCHISE TO CAMPBELL
The ball given at the Presfbio Club by
the Seventh Infantry Tuesday night was
an altogether charming affair. What with
rhythmic music, flags and flowers, brave
soldiers and fair women, the hours sped
by all too quickly. And the Seventh is
to fold its tents and steal away! That
the gallant defenders of the flag wlIT
be sadly missed Is a certainty— more by
some perhaps than by others. Their last
function will be remembered pleasantly
by all who were present.
The gown of the fair bride was of hand
made lace over chiffon, low at the throat,
as becomes the women of tropic climes.
The maid was attired In point d'esprit —
white, of course, as foil to her radiant
beauty. Flower girls, bearing flowers so
dear to tho Hawaiian heart, paved their
pathway.
The plans for the affair from the stand
point of magnificence have perhaps never
been surpassed in the islands, and from
the all important viewpoint of suitability
and fitness the union is Indeed ideal.
By an unfortunate series of events Mr.
and Mrs. Spear were, at the very mo
ment of sailing, prevented from taking
part in the delightful function, Mrs. Spear
having had many beautiful gowns made
for the affair and subsequent ones. How
ever, she confidently hopes to join the
young people at a very early date. Last
night many congratulations sped under
the water to the happy young couple.
forests of palms, pomegranates and daz
zling blooms, are at all times as fair a
spot as mortal knows, but what of their
magnificence illumined last night with
thousands of gleaming 'bulbs rivaling the
stars that scintillated overhead. It was
in this garden that the reception was
held.
DUFFY DENIES DEEDING
PROPERTY TO LINDEBERG
Charge Against Less Dismissed.
The case of Isidore Less, ex-secretary
of the Barbers' Union No. 148, charged
with felony embezzlement, was dismissed
by Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday aft
ernoon, with the consent of the special
attorney for the prosecution, owing to
variance between the allegations in the
complaint and. the facts. Less was ac
cused of embezzling $280 of the funds of
the union on October 1, 1901, while finan
cial secretary. He was arrested in El
Paso, Tex.
PRETTY SOCIETY WOMAN OF HONOLULU AND PROMINENT YOUNG
GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL WHOSE WEDDING IN THE FAR-AWAY
ISLANDS LAST NIGHT IS OF INTEREST TO SAN FRANCISCANS.
This summer's service on the California
Northwestern Railway has been very popular
with the traveling: public and won many
friends. •
Commencing Sunday, September IT. 1903. tha
usual winter schedule on all division* of this
road will take effect.
CHANGE IN SCHEDULE ON THE
California Northwestern Hallway.
A petition in involuntary insolvency was
filed In the same court by creditors of
A. K. Philbrook, a merchant of Susan
ville, Lassen County. They allege that
he committed an act of bankruptcy by
allowing the Bank of Lassen Cotmtv to
attach his property for a debt of $5750.
They ask that execution and sale on the
judgment of the Superior Court of Lassen
be stayed.
S. M. Orr and A. N. Evans of the firm
of Orr # & Evans, planing mill and lumber
dealers at Ukiah. filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. The firm owes $24,765 and
has $10,340 assets. Orr owes $5876 and has
$2G00 assets, and Evans owes $575 and has
$225 assets.
Insolvency Petitions.
Joseph Galeoto, 450 Montgomery ave
nue, and Ernest Cuneo, 9 Jasper place,
schoolboys, secured warrants from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
two boys on a charge of battery. They
said that the two boys had been holding
up and robbing- schoolboys for the last
two weeks and if any of the victims did
not have any money or pencils they would
be beaten. Galeoto and Cuneo were held
up on Tuesday afternoon and because
they had nothing in their pockets they
were badly beaten. They did not know
the names of the boy bandits.
Schoolboys Held TJp and Bobbed.
"Walter Ma&ee, athlete, clubman and
prominent society man, is the defendant
in a suit for ?5435 damages brought yester
day by Frances Rock. The suit, is the
result of an accident in which Magee, au
automobile, the plaintiff and a street car
took prominent parts. It occurred June
30 last on Sutter street, between Hyde
and Leavenworth. According to the
complaint the accident was due to
the high rate of speed at which Magee
was driving his machine. The plaintiff
| says that while she was a passenger on
an east-bound Sutter street car June 39,
Magee endeavored to pass the car in
his automobile. He was going consider
ably faster than the twelve miles an hour
allowed by law she says, and the result
was that the machine swerved and
smashed into that part of the car where
she sat. She says that because of the
young man 1 recklessness she suffered
severe fright, numerous bruises and a
impermanent Injury to one of her ankles.
Frances Rock Claims His Reckless
Handling of Automobile Caused .
Her Great Injury.
WALTER MAGEE DEPENDANT
IN A SUIT FOB DAMAGES
Mrs. Robert A. Sample, the widow of
a special officer of this city who was
killed in the performance of his duty, was
elected janitress of the Irving Primary
School, to date from September 21, vice
Mrs. M. Gaffney, resigned.
The sum of $20 per month was allowed
to E. S. Tucker for the rental of a lot
on the west side of the Dudley Stone
School, subject to a lease for three years,
with the privilege of two years more at
the eame rent.
It was resolved that the use for school
purposes of the premises at the following
locations be discontinued. Stanyan street,
near Oak; Mission street, near Silver ave
nue: 424 Stanyan street. Twenty-sixth and
Castro streets, corner Jersey and Castro
streets and 5001 California street.
The board retired Miss B. A. Shaw and
Miss Jean Parker from active service in
the public schools. They were granted an
annuity under the law for thirty years'
service as teachers.
The petition of the Wilmerding and Lick
District Improvement Club that the board
erect a schoolhouse on the city's lot sit
uated between Kansas, Vermont,
Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets was
taken under advisement. The petitioners
complain that the Buena Vista School Is
too far away for the smaller pupils and
that the school is too .close to a Chinese
residence.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Edith M. Boyle and Marie Van Bucfi
holtz. *
The board ordered the erection of five
portable echoolhouses for the Bergerot,
Sunnyside, Sheridan and Sutro schools,
giving additional accommodations for
seven classrooms.
Langdon further staled that Miss
Dwyer stood on her legal rights and re
fused to make a statement, beyond de
nying that she had whipped the boy in
the manner stated, because the charge
was made by Thomas Kelly, uncle of the
boy, who is not his legal guardian. Under
the circumstances Langdon said h«? was
compelled to bring the matter to the
board's attention so that Miss Dwyer may
be accorded a hearing, und he will file
a written report on the subject at next
Wednesday's meeting.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon yes
terday notified the Board of Education
that he will file formal charges against
Miss Jean A. Dwyer, acting principal of
the South End School, alleging that she
severely whipped a pupil named Frank
Duignan. Langdon stated that his
deputies, Suzzalo and Heaton. had ex
amined several pupils who witnessed the
alleged punishing of Duigr.an and they
all testined that Miss Dwyer had admin
istered the whipping on the lower portion
of the boy's limbs with a rattan, which
ho considers unnecessarily severe.
Sheriff Lackmann called at the Apprais
er's building yesterday morning and held
a half hour's conference with United
States District Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth and United States Marshal
John H. Shine. All declined to make any
statement other than that there was no
news.
Like a true sleuth United States
Secret Service Agent William J. Bums
did not emerge from cover yesterday
and failed to put in an appearance
in the Federal building. He la evi
dently on the trail of other per
sons suspected of complicity in the Chi
nese substitution cases that have been
golns on in this city during the last six
years. Notwithstanding the fact that ru
mors of substitution have been reported
from time to time by the newspapers and
that a man named Duffy was sentenced
a year ago to the penitentiary for sub
stituting a habeas corpus Chinese between
the Mail dock and the Appraiser's build
ing, neither the Chinese Bureau here nor
at Washington lifted a finger to close up
this knothole through which Chinese la
borers have been leaking into the coun
try. It was only the great scandal pro
voked by the confession of Deputy United
States Marshal Gamble that aroused the
Washington authorities to action and then
it was the Department of Justice and the
Secret Service that took a hand In the
matter. It ia believed now that a means
of identification will be adopted by the
Bureau of Commerce and Labor to ren
der such frauds Impossible in the future.
Mr. Burns was not the only Important
character in the case who was missing
yesterday. It was observed that United
States Secret Service Agents George W.
Ha7en and Harry Moffltt were also ab
sent on the still hunt. The fact that the
deputies of the Sheriff. Dasha, Burnett
and Dempsey. were on the night watch at
the county jail only two weeks at a time
explains why other Jailers have been
placed under surveillance, for it Is sus
pected that the three named and Gamble
were not the only white persons con
cerned in the conspiracy.
Georglana O'Xeal, who keeps a small
hotel at 214 Mississippi street, wants a
divorce from Porter O'Neal because, she
says, he treats her in a brutal manner.
She says he calls her vile names and fre
quently accuses her of being too friendly
with J. Richardson. O'Neal has been re
strained from bothering his wife pending
the suit. The O'Neals came here from
Point Arena, where they were married in
January, 18S2.
Margaret Ravens is suing Arthur
Ravens for divorce for neglect. They
were married at Oakland in September,
1901. Mrs. Ravens charges that though
her husband earns $95 a month he compels
her to depend upon relatives and friends
for her support. She asks for $40 a month
alimony.
Divorces for desertion were granted to
Esther Donaire from Henry Donalre,
Walter J. Hastings from Agnes Clara
Hastings,* Caroline B. Mason from Beau,
ford A. Mason and Laura Effle Morrell
from \V. S. Morrell. Cruelty was the
ground on which Eva Scully secured a
divorce from James Scully, and neglect
caused the legal separation of Mary
Grace Terry from. Frank Terry and Emma
Isabel Wooldridge from Weston B. Wool
drldge. j •
Dr. J. W. Creagh, a dentist, whose of
fice and residence are at 1606 Stockton
street, was sued for divorce yesterday by
Lenore Creagh. She alleges cruelty and
asks for the custody of her two children
and $100 a month alimony out of the in
come of $250 a month she says Creagh
enjoys from his practice. Mrs. Creagh re
cites only one instance of her husband's
cruelty as a reason for divorce. This oc
curred on the 18th inst.. she alleges. She
says that on that date he slapped her
face, thereby causing her to suffer great
humiliation and mental anguish. The den
tist and his wife were married April 20>,
1S88.
School Board R3tires Two
Teacher3 From Active
Service.
Other Persons Are Under His
Surveillanc.8 and May Be
Arrested.
Accuses Husband of Striking
Her With His Open
Hand.
Langdon to Pile Formal
Complaint Against
Miss Dwyer.
Hot on the Trail of the
Conspirators in Chi
nese Case.
Wife of Dentist Creagh
Seeks Divorce for
Cruelty.
PRINCIPAL MUST
ANSWER CHARGE
SLAP IN FACE
HUMILIATES HER
SLEUTH BURNS
ON STILL HUNT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
James Donahue Dougherty, the Son of Mrs. Joseph Spear,
Wife of the Collector of the Port of San Francisco,
Weds a Beautiful and Talented Girl of Hawaiian Islands
WEDDING CEREMONY HELD
IN THE ISLE OF PALMS
7
% NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO KILL THE DANDBUFF GEBM.
Is the Only Possible Way of Having
an Effective Cure.
If you see a woman or a man with lux-
uriant, glossy hair you may be sure neith-
er has dandruff to amount to anything.
In nearly every case where women and
men have -thin, brittle hair they owe it
to dandruff. There are hundreds of prep-
arations that "claim", to cure dandruff,
but not one but Newbro's Herpicide tells
you that dandruff ia the result of a germ
burrowing Into the scalp, and that per-
manent rure of dandruff and its conse-
quent falling and baldness can only be
had by killing the germ; and there is no
other preparation that will destroy that
germ but Newbro's Herpicide. "Destroy
the cause and you remove the effect."
Bold by leading' druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Mrs. Hughson, of Chicago, |
whose letter follows, is another
woman in high position who
owes her health to Lydia E
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
" Money seemed but poor and pal-
try compared to health, and yet a
few dollars inrested in L-ydia K.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
brought in«? good health, I suffered
for BCTcral years with general weak-
ness and bearing-down pains, caused
by womb trouble. My appetite was
frightful, and I would lie awake t*x
hoars, and could not Bleep, until T
seemed more weary in the morning 1
than when 1 retired. After reading,
one of its advertisements I decided to
try the merits of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and
I am so glad I did. No one can in-
scribe the jrcod it did me. I took thr**
bottles faithfully, and besides build-
ing up my general health, it drove all
disease and poison out of my body,
and made me feel as spry and act??*
as a young girl. Mrs. Pinkham's medi-
cines are certainly all they are claizred
to be."— M iis. M. E. Hughton, 347 R
Ohio St., Chicago, 111.— fSOOO forfeit If
orlglna! cf etoot letter prmlng genuineness caniwt
to produced.
If the *f iffhtest trouble appenw
¦which yon do not understand,
¦write to ?.f rs. Pinkham at Lynn.
Mass., for lier advice, and a tev
timely -words from her will sho\7
you the riant thing: to do. This
advice costs nothlngr, but it may
mean lif* or happiness or both.
AMUSEMENTS.
** Props.
Market St.. near Eighth. Pncne South 333.
TO-NtOHT-THREE LAST SIGHTS.
TO-MORROW AND SINDAT MATINEES.
Bouclcault's Famous Melodrama.
AFTER DARK.
' The River of It-al Water!
f^H^B^ The Plun** for a Life!
D~4 H-* The Underground Railway!
The Lightning: Express Train:
kJSiJSLJ Dicey Morris 1 Dancehall!
Great Specialties!
DD1PEC EVENINGS 10c 10 50o
rnlWCJ MATINEES 10c. 13c. 23o
Monday. September CS. Opening of L. R.
STOCKWELL Engagement in Uoyt's "A Tem-
perance Town 1 ." -
Al ¦ A # A r* Proprietors.
J&lu\Jj&LiI&I\ E. D Price.
General Manager.
Mat. To-day, To-night & Friday Night.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In IXAnnunzlo's Marvelous Play.
GIOCONDA.
Sat. Ma!., Sat. and Sun. (lights.
Tfli ADVENTURE OF LADY URSULA.
I Evening?, 25e to 75c: Sat. Mat., 15c to We.
Night Prices at Oloconda Matinee.
Next Monflny— Last %eek but One,
MISS ROBERTS IN ZAZA.
J
I Falke and Simon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and AJdo. and £. Rousby's
Latest Spectacular Novelty.
"IIN PARIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux.
Last times of Wood and Ray; Frederic
Bond and Company; Arnesen;
James Richmond Olcnroy and
) Princess Losoros.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c ; Box Seats
and Orx*ra Chairs, 50c.
CAbiFOS^TfT
} I ONLY TTTHKK MORE \u S \
1 NIG UTS. I? 1
I The Phenomenal Comedy Opera Success.
THE ( WITM ARK'j)
CHAPERONS
"My Sambo." "Billy Was Good to
Me." "We're All Good Fellows" — The
Great Sonr Hits.
MATTNEE SATURDAY.
, Sunday Nljfht— "A TEXAS ,
yPi STEER." Hoyfs Fam.>ua R 23
ii Polltlcal ?aUre - Sm
This Week and Next Week Nlahtly, In-
I cludlnz Sunday,
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Henry W. Savage Announces the
MEBBKST XSTTSXCAX. COMEDTi
PRINCE
OF
PILSEN
By Pixley and Ludera, Authors of King DMi>
-VAS YOU EFFCR IN-ZINZlNiMATI?"
SEATS FOR SECOND WEEK NOW READY.
TIV0USS5&
(NOTE — Performances begin at 8 sharp, Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.)
TO-HIQHT
Saturday matinee and Sunday night,
Verdi's Lyric Drama.
"LA TRAVIATA"
(CAMILLE).
Friday and Saturday nights,
• ' Bizet's Masterpiece. . . »
"CARMEN"
Next Week— "THE BARBER OF SEVILLE"
and "CARMEN."
PRICES AS USUAL— 23c. BOe. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
MATXVXTB SATURDAY AITD STCVSAT.
Every lady and child presented with a souvo-
nlr picture of a popular Lilliputian at Satur-
day Matinee. Last Three Mights.
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT
To-morrow N!*ht and Saturday Matlne*.
Gilbert and Sullivan' • Comic Opera.
H. m. S. PINAFORE
Saturday ISi&ht
THE BELLE J)F NEW YORK
Next Sunday Matinee, dAMES NEILL ia
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
PRICES — Evenings. 13c. 23c. 50c. 75c.
Matinees, 15c. 23c. SOc.
You won't have a chance to see the big
double bill much longer.
I "The Glad Hand" and "Tb Con-carers" |
Our "All-Star" Cast, Including:
KOLD AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
I ....IMPORTANT.... I
Monday October 5. "THE PARADERS." A
new, great musical comedy. Seats now on Mfe
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening in the Theater.
TO-STIOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding "With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
LION SLAYING BABOON IN THE ZOO!
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION 1<>C } CHILDREN 5c
1 aiUVV gee tke beautiful]
j COURT Lounging i
1 flflfi room, ths EMPIRE i
uuu parlor, the!
C> j PALM ROOM, the |
Uniflu LOUIS XV PAR-
1 U*" 11 ** LOR. and the LA-
U^± n t- DIES' WRITWOj
il Hotels 1 room-, I
ADVERTISEMENTS. |
ii. in ¦ "¦¦¦!¦¦ -- "¦«¦!¦ ¦.. miiXS j
. Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, J
Indigestion and Too I Icarty Eating. A per-
"fect rcnedj for Dizziness, TCausea, Drcwsi-
aess, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S crcat/)
Xhuseue of aHAToav^
\ " X3[ The Largest Anitoaical Museum in the \
C a«rP^ "Of'd W*ikue<tse$ or i;.y r.. r .:ri, trrt A
Z. fS-ll^ <*' < * a '*»« > "" 1 »'' l r«»»4h yt h t olde»t ?
O #E S 1 *>pea*''K on me Gout. Eu. 36 year*. Q
6 flf|r*ft CR - •JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A I Condonation frrt ind strirtljr prira'e. \
C A J&&H T!B *" orit personally or by lr::ct A A
\ I / «H Po**m Cart in ercrycueimdrruken. V
HI*' \f* W «* f<* Book. PniLOIOmV of A
V ¦ f I 1 * BiRDUeE, MAILED FRES. f A Y
Jk £ < L valuable book (or art) \
V OB. JUtXDAN A CO.. IC'l Market St.. S. F. V
OCEAN TSAVEL.
®Ste8rncrs leave San Fran-
c'rc) as follows:
For Ketrhlkan, Wrangel,
Jur.eau, Halnes, Skagway,
etc., Alaxka— 11 a. m.. Sept.
IK. 23, 28. Oct. 3. Change
to company* » steamers at
Stattle
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle,- Ta-
corr.a. Everett. TVhatcom— 11 a. m.. Sept. IS.
23, £K, Oct. 3. Char.ice at Seattle to this com-
r«ny'« steamersi for Alaska and Q. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancou-
ver to C. P. ny.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 19. 25. Oct. 1: Corona. 1:30 p. m.,
Sept. 22, 28, Oct. 4.
For Lob Angeles (via Port Los Anpelos and
Ueflondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Fanta Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 3 a. m.
For Los Anxelea <via San Ped&> and East
Pan Pedro). Panla Barbara. Santa Crux, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis OMgpo). Ventura and Hu^neme.
Cr>ot Bay, 0 a. m.. Sept. i2. 30. Oct. 8.
Bor.Ua. « a. m.. Sept. 1R. M. Oct. 4.
For Knsenada, Ma?dalena Bay. San Jos<? del
<V.t>o. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rn-
ealla. Guajmas (Hex.), 10 . m., Tth of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
RlKht i?< reaerved to change steamers or sai»-
inr rtatep.
T1CK.12T OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street < Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
BmaiiTi-ay wharf.
Freight office. 1*> Market rtreet.
• C. V. DUN'ANN. General Passenger Apent.
1<> MurlcpT K'rt^t Sun frani-l<uvi
O. R. <^ N. CO.
•'CoJurr.bis" sails Sert. 20. 30, Oct. 10, 20.
30. "Ocrc* W. E1<W rails Fept. 25. Oct.
5. IS. 'jr.. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR... and Fhcrt rail line from Portland to all
pcir.tp E«Ft. Through tickets to all point*,
ail rail or rteairFhlp and rail at LOWEST
RATES Fte&mer ticket* include berth and
Bfa!f. Ftt-anif-r sails foot of S;x"ar st. at 11 a
m. S F. IK>OTH. Gen. Airt. Pass. Dept. 1
Montgomery ot. : C CLIFFORD, Gen. Airt. Frt. |
Iv-pt.. 3 Montfr.mery fit. <
AMERICAN LIKE.
. NEW YOKK-StiL THAMPTON— LOXDOX
ft.Loui* 8»-pt.:;0.10 a:n JPhlla. . Oct. 1«. 10 am
N. York. Oct. 7. 10 am !?t Loui!>.Oct. 21 10 am
ATLAHT1C TEAKSPOET U2TB.
XTew Tork — Lcnaoa Direct.
Minapls.Sept. 2G. » am I Masaba. Oct. 10. 3 am
Mi-.haha.Oct. 3. 3 pm I Mlntka.Oct. 1T.1 :30pm
Only Flr»t-<^*.n*e Paiiwnf*™ Carried.
BOMTJrZOS 1.IITE.
Boston — Queen«tawn — Liverpool.
(few Er.iria/Kl.. .O<t. 1 (Commonwealth. Oct." 22
¦Mayflower Oct. S New England. .Oct. S9
<"olumbusfaew).Oct. IS iMavflower Nov. 5
Koatreal — I.iverpcc.1 — Short sea passage.
Ker.eir.pton Sept. 12 Dominion Oct. 10
Or.ada Sept. 2" ; Kensington Oct. 17
fouttrw-ark Orr 3 1
Boston Mediterranean w«ct
AZORES-GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Cr.mbrorr.an Pat.. Oct. 31. Dec. 12
Vancouver Pat.. Oct. 10. Xov. 21
BED STAB UVE.
ZTew Tork — Antwerp— Paris.
Kroor.lnd.Spt.2ti. 10am |Flnland.Oct. 10, 10 am
Zeeland.Oct. S. V» am IVaderlnd. Oct. 17.10 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
ZTew Tork — Qoeenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cymric. .Sept. 25.S am Arabic.Oct. 2. 2:30 pm
Victorian. Sept.23, noon Germanic. .Oct. 7. noon
Teutonic. Pent. 30. noon Cedrlc Oct. 9, 7 am
C. D. TAYLOR, PaBseng-er Agent. Pacific
Co**t. 21 Post St., San Francisco.
oocooocooocococeoooooo
8 IMPORTANT! §
8 — 8
g Change of Sailing Date, g
! s. s. stTpaul, I
8 For Nome and St Michael •
** WILL SAIL ON 2
8 THURSDAY, September 24 8
• 2 P. M. •
• Instead of 29th InEt.. as prerloualj «h
_ advertised. f*
m o
# NORTHERN* COMMERCIAL CO.. 9
0 6iS Market «t.. San Frandcco. Q
oo»o»ooo«ooo«Qoee«aooo
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
<OKIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Eteaisera will lca\-e wharf, corner First and
•R-annan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Naras&ki an<1 Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with ft^ampre for India, etc No
.,„» .«*fiv*d on board on day of galHng.
B 6 NIPPON MARU
"• Thursday, October IS, 1903
6 s'aMEKICA MARf
°' . Tuesday, November 10, 1«M
B fi" HONGKONG MARU
' Thursday. December 3, 1 WKJ
Via' Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rate*. For frelrht and patsape apply at Com-
nany'e office, 421 Market street, corner Flrtt.
r * y W. H. AVERr. General Agent.
oeeaDics.s.co. asass
S 6 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Bept. 28.11 a.m.
s' K VFNTtTRA. tor Honolulu. 3amoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. S, 2 p. m.
K. 15. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Oct. M, 11 a m.
UMimilh CCS J.H., effla,M3 larbW
MsfcteSaUZI rs.-btSL.farIi 7.facft IL
tCXPAGKIE CIKEHALX TBAlCBATLAHTIQUi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Kailir.* even- Thursday inrtrao 1 '-1 <j|gg$
Saturday. =-t 10 a. m.. from Pier 4-, .. ., ; % .. : .
Vonli River, foot of Morton *t.
' Klrst-<-Saiw to Hin», *7O «nd upward. e*c-
nnd-?a« to Havre $*5 and upward. GEN-
kraiTagenct for united states and
¦AVADA a Broadway (Hudwn BuiMing),
New York. JF. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Apents. B Montgomery averri* San Francisco.
TiVk"t* fold by Ml Railroad TtcKet Ag<M.ts.
yr»T« isiamfl ana V»nf?o>8t— an«n.^
"TZI^GES. FRISBIE >r MONTICELLO-
,,:>,„, 3-15 and P:30 p. m.. *xe?pt Sunday.
Punchy. »:45 *. m.. *:30 P- m. L«.ve VaKeJo.
7 « m.. 12:30 noon, <! p. rn.. «£-££*>& 6 " n ,"
<j ay . 7 i. m.. 4:15 P. ra. Fare. «»„*«"?": _™:
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlwlon-tt. dock. HATCH
BROS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
~-~~~—— -*--—¦ ~-~--— — ~~*~—-"- ¦¦¦¦- ~-—~— -*—• —..¦¦.»«« i
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacle's and
eyeglasses :
STANDARD OPTICAL CO.,
317 Kearny St.
BESTELIHa OPTICAL CO.,
16 Kearny St.
HASKEI.Ii ft JONES OPTICAL CO.,
343 Grant Ave.
CHINN-BEBETTA OPTICAL CO.,
991 Market St.
CALIFORNIA OPTICAL CO.,
90S Kearny St.
OEO. H. KAHN,
301 Kearny St.
HENBY KAHN ft CO.
(The Ocularlum),
642 Market St.
BOGUS OPTZCAXi CO.,
an post st.
RZBSCH ft KAISER,
7 Kearny St.
A Weak Heart
neglected means heart disease, the
most common cause of sudden death.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure will strength-
en, regulate and cure weak hearts,
sold by all drowlsts on guarantee. Free
book on heart disease for postal.
Db. Milks Medicai, Co.. Klkliart. lad.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
NEXT MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Beotember 29 and 29.
Special Matinee Next Tuesday. Sept. CO.
TEE EVEEYMAN COMPANY
In an Elizabethan Production of
SHAKESPEARE'S
TVA/ELF'TH NIGHT
RESERVED SEATS— $1 CO and (1 now i
on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
SYMPHONY CONCERTS, i
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
There -win b« NO CONCERT on TUESDAY.
September 29, as It ia impossible to obtain
proper rehearsals this week owing to con-
flicting musical Interests.
Next and final concert TUESDAY, October 6.
Beats : exchanged or money refunded on
tickets already purchased for 29th.
Sherman & Clay's Music Store. -
H. F. SYMPHONY SOCIETY.STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 23.—
The freshmen were defeated in their first
football game played this afternoon with
the Palo Alto, Athletic Club eleven. " The
acore was 5 to 0.
Stanford Freshmen Defeated.
Lady Free Knight.
Sixth race — Baronet, Little Lois,
Loone.
PITTSBfcRG, Sept. 23.— Dr. Holland of the
Carnegie Museum received word to-day from
Berlin. Germany, announcing the, death of
Augustus Radcllffe Grote, a prominent scient
ist, who had lived In the United States for
forty years and was the author of many sci
entific works.
Race Results at Portland.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 23. — Results:
2:14 trot — Mack Mack won. Briny K and
Oveta tied for second. Time, 2:14%.
Four and - a half furlongs— CIlvoso won,
Adnoor second, Big Dutch third. Time, :56.
Five furlongs, selling — Tom Fox won, Samp
son Plunkett second. Lord Eldred third. Time,
1:03.
Five furlong* — Mr. Robson won. Dr. Sher
man second, Montoya third. Time, 1:03%.
Seven furlongs. selling — Filibuster won,
Gllssando second, Claudator third. Time, 1:30.
One mile, selling— Knocklngs won, Frank
Pierce second, Lldaea third. Time, 1:44%.
2:08 pace, purse JSOO— Xonamie won two
rtralKht heats In 2:W\t,. 2:0~V*. Armorel,
Trilby Direct. Berdina. Olivewood Gold Brick,
Merry Master and Cubanola aJso started.
Special against time to beat the world's
pacing record of 1:50— Prince Alert, b. jr.,
by Crown Prince (Curry), won. Time.
:58. 1:20%. 1:57. Time by quarters :29Vi.
:28Vi. :28Vi. :30%.
2:08 trot, purse 5800 — Swift won two
straight heats In 2:08H. 2:07. George Musco
vite. Wentworth and Molata also started
2:25 pace, purse $G0O— Susie O won the sec
ond and third heats in 2:14^. 2:16%. Jean
M won the first heat in 2:15. Ogden Smith
and Manuel A aUo started.
2:20 class trot, purse $500 — Dark Secret won
two straight heats In 2:15% 2:13>,i- Carnage,
Maconomo. Hazel F Frultition King Musco
vite and Possibility also started.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Prince
Alert, the pacing hero of a hun
dred races and the champion of
a score of half-mile tracks, went
against the world's pacing record
of 1:59, held by Dan Patch, and beat it
most decisively to-day at the Empire City
track. It was the first day of the autumn
meeting of the Empire City Trotting
Club, and in addition to a strong card of
four races Prince Alert was billed for
what looked like the impossible feat of
beating the record. Prince Alert had re
cently won the half-mile track champion
ship in 2:031/4. which had been won only
the week before by Dan Patch in 2:04, and
good judges jvere sanguine of his success.
The weather and the track were perfect,
and the wind, which was high early in
the day, subsided, so that the conditions
were favorable. Mart Demarest, the train
er and driver of the Prince, on account of
overweight decided to get John Curry to
drive, and Demarest drove the thorough
bred pacemaker with the wind shield
sulky. At the third time the starter gave
the word, and pacing like a perfect piece
of machinery Prince Alert shot away to
the quarter pole in 29V6 seconds. As he
reached the backstretch he increased his
speed, and was at the half in 58 seconds.
Then the crowd realized that they were
witnessing the fastest mile of the century,
and cheers and shouts of "Come on!"
came from the spectators In the grand
stand and on the lawn. Without a break
he Hashed by the three-quarter pole In
I:26i4, and without any urging came on
with a superb burst of speed, crossing the
wire in 1:57. Summary:
PRINCE ALERT, 1:57, THE
LATEST SENSATION IN THE
HARNESS WORLD.
It was especially desired that the peo
ple of the State' be notified that all sub
scriptions to the fund be received by the
International Banking Corporation of this
city and receipts forwarded for the same
by that company.
Plans for the active campaign in behalf
of the movement were then inaugurated.
It was . first decided that a committee
from each of the following yacht clubs
be appointed by their respective commo
dores to receive contributions from their
members: San Francisco Yacht Club.
Corinthian, California, Encinal, Soutti
Bay. Vallejo, Los Angeles, San Diego.
Seattle, Portland and University Boat
Club. From among prominent yachting
men about the bay Colonel Beck then ap
pointed members to receive subscriptions
from the various shipping, mercantile and
corporation interests in San Francisco.
All the delegates present were constituted
into an executive committee to personally
superintend the work of collection.
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
...PROMINENT MEN AITX
In explaining the objects of the meeting
Colonel Beck said:
"A few days ago the International
Banking Corporation, of which I am the
manager, received a communication from
New York asking that we of San Fran
cisco and of the coast generally assist in
the subscription toward the magnificent
silver service which is to be presented to
Sir Thomas Lipton as a testimonial to the
esteem with which the true sportsmen of
America regard his manful and sports
manlike efforts to win the America's cup.
Although this is intended to be primarily
a gift from the lovers of aquatic sports,
there are many who have a strong ad
miration for the gallant sportsman and
desire to enroll their names • among the
list of donors. That our city and the Pa
cific Coast may be represented Is the pur
pose of the movement which will be set
on. foot to-night."
Colonel Beck then read letters from
John D. Spreckels and "William Greer
Harrison voicing their enthusiasm in the
movement. He further said he had re
colvfd personal assurances from other
prominent business men of the city that
they would respond handsomely to the in
vitation for subscriptions.
Acting on the call of Colonel F. E. Beck
of the International Banking Corporation
the following enthusiasts of yachting and
allied aquatic sports, representing clubs
about the bay. assembled last night:
Commodore R. S. Bridgman, San Fran
cisco Yacht Club; Commodore E. F. Sa
gar, Corinthian Yacht Club; C. H. Mor
rell, San Francisco Yacht Club; A. G. A.
Mueller, San Francisco Yacht Club: J. H.
Keefe, port captain • Corinthian Yacht
Club, and James M. Patrick, San Francis
co Yacht Club. In order that work might
be carried on systematically Colonel Beck
was elected chairman and Commodore
Bridgman secretary of the temporary or
ganization which has taken in charge the
collection of funds from the coast.
By the movement set on foot at a meet-
Ing of prominent yachtsmen in the parlors
of the Olympic Club last night San Fran
cisco and the Pacific Coast are to unite
In assisting the lovers of aquatic sports
in New York to tender Sir Thomas LJp
ton, the gallant yachtsman, a magnificent
testimonial of the appreciation in which
he is held by all true American lovers
of sport. As a result of the meeting it
was determined to allow yachting clubs
from Seattle to San Diego to add their
contributions to the sum which will be
raised in this city, so that a grand total
of several thousand dollars may be sent
East .to swell the fund already subscribed
to in New- York.
SEIGER AND BRITT
ARE * FI1IAXLY MATCHED
Alex Grepsalns of the San Francisco
Athletic Club has finally clinched the
match between Charley Seiger and Jimmy
Britt. The lightweights are to meet in
Mechanics' Pavilion on October K Seiner
arrived yesterday from Seattle. He went
immediately to Sheehan'3 Beach Tavern,
where he will train for the fight. He is
a friend of Benny Yanger and put on tha
glove3 with the Italian boxer.
Seiger proved clever with the gloves,
although he is more oT a fighter than a
boxer. He weighs about 140 pounds at
present.
It is expected that Hanlon will be a
7 to 10 choice over Yanger when they
meet in the ring for the second time.
The Ycscmite Athletic Club officials aro
using even" effort to match Fltzsimmona
and Gardner for their November date.
The war of words between Fitzslmmona
and Corbett is not taken seriously here,
as it is not expected Corbett will ever
train for another fight.
The principal event at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club to-morrow night will
be the bout between Gus Koster and Jack
Barney of Salt Lake. They will weigh
ISO pounds. There will be seven bouts
in aH.
The members of the Olympic Club will
witness a special programme of boxlns
to-niRht in the Post-street gymnasium.
The boxers have all been carefully match
ed by Leader Gleason and exciting con
tests are expected.
R. H. E.
Seattle 0 003031410 0 — 12 18 9
Portland 1113401010 1 — 13 23 2
Batteries — Barber and Byers; Thlelman, But
ler and Shea. Umpire — Levy.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Sept. 23.— It took eleven
innings of fierce batting and bad fleldlntr to
decide to-day's game. Portland won In the
eleventh. Nadeau scorina: en Francis' long
drive. Seattle was hopelessly out of It until
the eighth, when Byers cleared the bases with
a long drive and tied the score. Score:
Fierce Batting and Bad Fielding
Combined on Seattle Field.
ELEVEN" INNING GAME.
LOHUAN THIES NEW PITCHES.
McKay, of the Central California
League, Hakes Successful Debut.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 23.— Lohman tried out
young McKay, from the Central California
League, this afternoon and while he was hit
rather freely his pitching gave promise of much
better work. He was cool, fielded his position
well and showed curves and speed. Xewton
was Invincible until the ninth inning:, when a
series of hits grave Oakland two runs. Score:
Los Angeles — ] Oakland —
AB.U. H. P.A.t AB.H. H. P.A.
Hoy. cf...4 2 2 2 OCHar, cf.:J 1 1 2 O
fV'helr, 2b.5 O 1 2 4 Devenc. s.4 O 0 1 2
1 Smith, 3b. 5 1 2 1 1 Shwtz. 2b.2 0 0 1 *
Pples. lb.3 0 1 14 1 Mrdck, rf.4 112 1
Crvth, rf..3 0 15 0 Krujrr. lf.4 112 0
Ross. If.. .3 111 1 Msrly. lb.3 0091
Toman, s.4 2 2 0 6 Mskn. 3b.4 0 10 0
Hrlbrt, c.4 0 2 2 2 Sorton, c.4 0 16 0
Newtn, p.4 0 O O 3 McKy, p.. 3 0 O 1 2
Totals.35 6 12 27 17 Totals.31 3 5 21 10
\RUNS AND HUS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ....1 1003100 x — ft
Base hits 32004 111 x— 12
Oakland 0 0 O 1 O O 0 0 2—3
Base hits O 0 1O 0 O 0 1 3 — 5
SUMMART. '
Stolen base3 — Ross, Toman, O'Hara. Errors
— Smith, Newton, Mosklman, McKay. Three
baae hit— Murdock. Two-base hits— Hoy. To
man. Hurlburt. First base on errors — Los An
geles 1. Oakland 1. First base on balls — Off
Newton 3. aff McKay 2. Left on has<-3 — Loa
Angeles 6, Oakland 4/ Struck out— By New
ton 4, by McKay 2. Double play — Murdock to
Gorton. Sacrifice hits— Spies 2, Rots'l. Hit
by pitcher — Messerly. Passed ball — Hurlburt.
Umpire — O'Connell.
FAILS TO IX>WER RECORD.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Sept. 23.— Ten thou
sand persons witnessed the gnrand circuit
races at the Columbus Driving Park to
day. The special attraction 'was Dan
Patch's race against time to beat his rec
ord of 1:59. The track was fast and the
weather perfect, but the best the pacer
could do was 1:3S*2- Summary:
2:11 trot, purse $2000 — McKlnley won tha
second, third and fourth heats In 2:07i 4 .
2:07«-i. 2:07*i. Hawthorne won the llrst heat
in 2:10'i. Dr. Strong and Dorothy Redmond
also started.
2: OS pace, purse J2000 (unfinished)— Xervola
won the first and fifth heats in 2:06H. 2:07*;.
Wlnfleld Stratton won the second «nd fourth,
heats in 2:07%, 2:07><i. New Richmond won
the third heat in 2:10. Sufreet. nnchem
Wilkes, Council Chimes. Colonel Loomls and
Joleaco also started.
2:21 class trot, purse $800 — Bessie Brown
won the first and third heats In 2:13Vi. 2:131;.
Bermuda Maid won the second beat in 2:14lq!
Allen W. "Winnie Right. Klrkwood Jr. and
Crescent Route also started.
2:17 pace, purse $S0O — Black Pete won two
stratght heats In 2:10Vi. 2:08*;. Tess. Hard
Case. Rose Mason,- Allle H, May Sherry. Wal
ter H, Charlie C. Dutch Mowry. COD.
Geers, Judge Pryor. Holly Dillon. Jlmmie O,
Barr Boy. Mary Gordon. Margaret Warner.
Line o' Gold and Maurice also started.
Special to beat 1:K>— Dan Patch paced la
1 :K»li.
Coast Sportsmen Will
Contribute to Gift
for Lipton.
DESIRE A SHARE
IN TESTIMONIAL
Stolen bases — Hildebrand. McLaurtlin (2),
Epran. Townsend. . Errors — Raymond (.3). Ir-.
win. Keefe. Graham, Zearfoss. Iberg. K«ran.
Sheehan. Two-base hits — Meany. Graham.
Doyle. Irwin. Sacrifice hits — Sheehan, Mc-
Laughlln, Keefe, Lynch. First base on errors
— San Francisco 1. Hacramento I. First base
on called balls — Off Iberg 2. off Keefo 3. Left
on basest — San Francisco 4, Sacramento R.
Struck out — By Iberg 2. by Keefe 5. Hit by
pitcher — Hildebrand. Double plays — Pabst to
Delmaa; Ibcrg to Zearfoss to Pabst. Time of
game — 1 ;50. Umpire^ — McDonald.
Sacramento O 1 2 t O 0 O O rt t
Base hits 1 3 1 2 O 1 1 0 0 D
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 4 O 2 0 x 6
Base hits 1 0 0 03 1 2 0 x— 7
SUMMARY. •
Then the Senators were all in. They
could play no more ball, so it .was a
dream for uncle. He put two more over
the jumps in the seventh round, and this
held the Senators for the day and brought
home the money to Hank. The score:
San Francisco. I Sacramento —
AB. R. II. P. A I AB. R. H. P. A
Lynch, If 2 0 12 ol Ca*ey.2b 4 0 12 2
Meany.rf 3 J 2 5 OJHilbrd.lf 4 1 1 2 O
Irwin.3b 4 0 10 ZjMLgln.rf 4 0 12 0
Vrusr.cf. 3 0 0 3 OiERan.s. . 4 1 O 2 .1
Vrfo?.p 4 114 .".!Twnsd.lb 3 12 7 1
i«.bst.lb 4 117 2jSIiehn..'!b X 0 0 2 1
De!ms.2b 4 113 l'Doyle.cf 4 0 2 1 O
Raymd.s 4 10 1 3 Grahm.c 4 12 5 1
Ibers.p.. 4 10 0 4,Keefe.p. 2 » 0 ft 2
*Hogan.. 10 0 0 0
Totals 32 6 7 27 15' Totals 34 4 9 24 10
•Batted for Keefe in ninth inninff.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Then Delmas walloped the ball to the
outfield, and Pabst arrived. Raymond laid
down a twister at* the plate. Some one
of the Senators gave Graham the office
to pelt the leather to second to head off
Delmas. This he did, and while the sphere
was being chased by McLaughlin. Delmas
made third and Raymond second. Lynch
responded with a drive to right field, and
they both came in and the score was a
tie.
Mike Fisher's men jumped boldly into
the lead at the outset yesterday after
noon at Recreation Park. For a while
they maintained their fast gait. Then
they grew weak suddenly and quit like a
lot of third-class sluggers. In the mean
time the home tossers were game and
landed for four in the fifth round. The
rest was easy for them, so they saved
themselves from going into second place
by copping the game. Score, 6 to 4.
The Senators made a good start. Every
man on the team was there with the life
and ginger and determined to fade the
natives to a fare-ye-well. They might
have done this,' only they were just a
little off the scent in the fifth, when the
j?ame was broken up. The score was 4 to
0 then, and Mike was riding easy. Sud
denly Zearfo?s chopped off a single and
old man Pabst dropped a slow one at
Keefe. He threw the ball away at sec
ond, giving Zearfoss time to clear the
plate and Pabst to land at third.
To the winner $40O : runner up. $200: third.
J1CO; three at $P0 each: six at $¦"» each, ani
eleven at $2O each. To the dog3 beaten In the
first round by the ultimate winn"r and runner
up. ?20 each. Five per cent of the total purs«
will be divided between the breeder of th«
winner end cf the runner up.
The draw was held last night at Pythian
Castle ami resulted as follows:
California Coursln? Futurity, forty-flve en
tries—T. Hall's Wild mil vs. L. J. Hoffman*
Wild Star: F. A. McComb'a Cubanola vs. C.
O. Whallon's Fair Flylnar: M. C Delano's
Rccklin Boy V3. C. O. Whallon'a Fretter; Xfi
H. KocherV Boota vs. J. Sweeney's Raby Au
rora; F. P. Clark's Homestead Boy vs. T. J.
Cronln's Gunfire: L. J. Hoffman's Tom Keen*
vs. P. J. Korean's Irvlngton Tralee: P. J.
Morgan's Duhallow vs. C. G. Whallon's Ftp»
port; D. Walsh's Sacram»nto I.a.=H vs. R.
Geary's Am«ndan: P. Kellly's Partaway v*.
W. H. Kooher's Fancy Free; M. J. Bren-
Jord's Mountain Po»t vs. M. J. Brenjord's
Bfauty Gold: J. Sweeney's Rocker Arm vs. F.
P Clark's Sweet Virginia; F. A. McComb'n
Free From Flaw vs. F. A. McComb's Cremr>;
M. J. Brenjord's Propreso v». L. J. Hoff
man's Younsr Hoffman; P J Herman's Donny
brook vs. F. A. McComb's Our Motto: C. C.
Griswold's Ml Amijfo vs. J. Sweeney's Rich
ard Anton; F. A. McComb's Manhattan Kin*
vs. t> Walsh's Capitol Girl: P. J. Horgan's
HumbuR vs. 11. Walsh's M-rry Go Round; A.
A La Cunha's Little Gene vs. T. J. Cronin's
Minnie Horxan; T. J. Cronin'a Fair Tralee vs.
C. G. Whallon's Chuchu: M. C. Delano's Me-
Vey vs W. H. Kocher's Ploughman: T. J.
Cronin's Irish Lad vs. J. Sweeney'* Racing
Auto; F. A. MeComb'9 Quwn'i Motto vs. E.
Geary's Finoola: P. J Horgan's Ragtime a
bye.
Oven stake fifty-six entries— Cloverdale vs.
Dear GastonY Agitator vs. Red Pepper: Clus
trr vs. Remisso Animo; Wattles vs. Beacon;
Concord Boy vs. Vandal; Frisky Barbara y*.
St Conn: Honest John vs. Precita Maid: M'.n
ni» Sankey vs. Alcy McDonald: Lord Brazfn
vs. Game Boy: Eastlake vs. Presidio Boy;
Palo Alto vs I^ord Granard; Traiee Boy vs.
Full Moon: The 1 ma vs. Melle Fre«; Ruby San
key vs. Gambit; Luxury vs. Uberatcr: Vagrant
vs. Articulate: Keckless Acrobit vs. Fenii;
Rene«r»de Apache vs Haphazard: Melros* v*.
Mickey Free; Kittlt-man vs. Snapper Garri
son; Tied Rook vs. Consort: Bonnie Pasha v».
Kila May Vina vs. Flora Belle; lone Hill vs.
Raised Actor: Ueno \s. FaUe Alarm; Bars*
vs Roval Archer; Dorothy M vs. Yankee Boy;
Menlo Prince vs. America.
The California Coursing Futurity, which
will be run en Saturday and Sunday at
Union Coursing Park, attracted an entry
of forty-five young ¦greyhounds. The to
tal prize money will be $1119, apportioned
as follows:
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
V.'.L.P'ct.' W.L.. P'rt.
Los Angeles. 9* .17 .S*.5PortIand 67 81 .433
San Fran S7 75 .53Ci Seattle «-t .4^?
Sacramento .82 75 .523: Oakland 72 9tf A'M
Senators Get Weak as Soon
as the Natives Tie
the Score.
Pfo-ce Will Excsed $1400 of
Which $400 Will Go to
the Winner.
Futurity Attracts an
Entry of Forty-Five
Greyhounds.
Uncle's Sluggers Roll
Up Pour Tallies
Quickly.
FORTUNE SMILES
IN FIFTH ROUND
YOUNG COURSER
IN RICH STAKE
PRINCE ALERT PACES A MILE IN 1:57 ON EMPIRE CITY TRACK, NEW YORK
HERO OF A HUNDRED RACES
ENTHRONED AS PACING KING
Under Idgal Conditions of Track and Weather the Bay Son of
Crown Prince Clips Two Seconds From Record of Dan Patch
Without Urging, Upsetting All Calculations of the Theorists
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
COLOGNE Sept. 23.— Tb*> steel syndicate,
embracing all the larg-e makers, has been re
newed lor five years in the form of a stock
company, wfcich U to handle the total product.
SAXTA CRUZ, Sera. 23.— Dr. H. C. Whit-
Ing a leading physician of this city, will sail
for Korea with his wife next month, a fare
well reception *'« s tendered them this even
ing at the Prcibyterian parlor*.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
yelling:
Petting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
9 to 1— Goo Goo, »5 (McKinney).. 8 4 18
7 to 1— Hegira, 92 (George) 3 1 2 Vt
7 to 1 — Varna Fonso. 80 (Shea) ... 7 2 30
Time. 1:49^. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Hlckey Bros.' br. f. by Spendthrlft-
Srhottka. Ladaa 103. Decoration 98, El Caney
106. False 10!i, Our Lady 100, Baird 103. Vic
cerne 05, Bohul 103, Whltmore 96, also ran,
DEI/MAB ENTBIES.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 23. — Delmar entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling — One More
104, Weird 104, Rose Court 104, Sweet Dream
l*D. Temptrens 102, Dave Somers 110, True Blue
10.1, Zirl 104, Tros 104, Algrareta 104. Miss
Guldo Oft. Kiss Quick 104, Tenny Belle 09.
Second race, one mile, selling — Ryevale 83,
Macbeth 103 Silurian 108. Jessie Wetler 80.
Leech 89. Nearest 108.
Third race, one and three-sixteenth mll»s,
selling— Donamt 90, Dr. Hart 104, Kunja 100,
The Bobby 100, Memphian 100. '
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards, the
Boulevard, $1000 added — Pourquolpag 90, Evea
G 97. Lady Strathmore 107 Helen Print 97,
M. Beaucatre 107, Jordan 107.
Fifth race, flv« and a half furlonss. purse —
Sweet Myrtle 100, Wreath of Ivy 105. L«/ly
Free Knight 105. Mag Nolln 110, Atlas 105,
Follies Bercies 100. Overhand 105.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell
ing—Requisition 90, Baronet 102. fliicamauga
92. Little Lois 97, Charles C 102. Loone 102.
Class Leader 92. Lady Escher 92, Goeslper 97,
Charles D »7, Cardigan 07, Satin Ccat 105.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
By,the New York Telegraph.
First race — Temptress, Dave
Summers, Zirl.
Second race — MacBeth, Leech,
Nearest.
m hird race — The Bobby, Dr. Hart,
Memphian. >
Fourth race — Helen Print,, Evea
G, Pourquoi Pas. ¦
Fifth race.— Wreath of Ivy, Atlas,
Second race — Medal, Queen Eliza
beth, Calcutta.
Third race — M. Theo, Thistle
Heather, Short Cake.
Fourth race — The Picket, Stolen
Koments, Stamping Ground.
Fifth race — Ascension, Young
Eenry, King Pepper.
Sixth race — Major Daingerfield,
Moharib, Lord Badge.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Funny Side, Monastic,
Collector Jessrup.
VEW YORK, Sept. 23. — Gravesend entries:
First race. flv» and a half furlongs, handi
mn two-vear-olds— Luxemburg 120, Comrao-
Sma U4 Collector Jewup 114, Sals 112 Prince
"aJri galm 110 Monastic 110. Funny Side 110,
H°i* log Tim Payne 106. Champlain 105,
£Ubar 100.' Tonic 100. Pol Bocer D2
Second race one and a 6lxte«Hh miles.
* TnSd?n*— Nult Blanch* 107, Bollna. 107. Jola
TC7 V*dal 107. Oueen Elizabeth 107. Back Vp
\m Phaon 110 Gallant Smith 110, Albany
r'rl IW7 Lanark* JtT. fir Troubadour 110,
Calcutta lO^Klnj Carter 110, Paeet 107. Erbe
10 Thfrd t^ace * five and a half furlonCB, two
v^r-old flllleV. «elllng-M. Theo 105 SUex 107.
raianocue <M Thistle Heather 109. Inquisitive
<"ir! 101 Tend«rcrest !?*. Ancestor 113, Sea
rate 'M 'Shortcake »*. Silver Dreain 101. Lida
Sib 104. Sonoma l*>Me 100, Wistaria Mi.
Pirouette 93, Stumpy !»9.
Fourth rac* one and a .sixteenth miles.
Orean View handfeap— The Picket 1^6^ Shot
Oh 12G. Charles Elwood 117, Stamping Groun,l
113 Duke of Kendall 113. Payne 1O«. River
Pirate 110 Rostand 102. Virgin Soil H-\
Ft™£ Moments 105. Girdje 105. l!ri^d 105.
Tiu-ria '.hi Daisy Green fli, Kfherin 8S».
1 nfh race, nbout *ix furlong, Klllng-
Varnetor 107 Sweet AHce fifl, Parli-ienne 105,
\11M 1 MB Eva liussell 97. Worry 08. Kin*
n"*" IOS Caterpillar 103. AsrenMon 108.
You£pT Henry MS. Irene Lindsay 10S. Elsie
race, one and an eighth miles, handl
«V-Ma™r Dameerfleld p. Bonnibert 110
Rrinnd '•*. Glenwater »CS. !«"»•?' ». April
8h'»er SU. Lord Badee f>*. Mohar.b SS.
GBAVESEND SELECTIONS.
GRAVESEKT> ENTBIES.
The remainder of the programme was
exceptionally good. Dick Hyland ham
mered Kid Parker hard and he went to
sleep in the second. A. Elkins. the clever
bantam, put George White away in two
rounds. Ernest Wilson secured the de
cision over Jim Kane. Harry Tenny
made Charley Webber quit In a round,
and Eddie Carr finished Matt Wallace
with one decisive wallop on the jaw dur
ing a mixup in the initial period.
But the aspect changed in the second.
Thomas began to use a straight left and
this stopped the rushes of Braun to a
certain extent. The latter was garqe.
however, and came up in the third round
with a swollen face and weak from the
beating he was getting. He started to
rush it at the outset, but Thomas met
his advances with his left. He was fast
cutting his opponenfs face to ribbons,
when the latter was seen to staggger.
Then Thomas aimed two swings on
Braun's jaw and he went to the floor to
rise no more until he had been counted
out.
The bout was the main event of the
Bay City Club's monthly show and lt
attracted much Interest. Braun was the
favorite and in the first round showed to
advantage. Thomas was puzzled at the
Olympian's fast rushes and lt seemed he
would soon succumb.
George Braun, the Olympic Club wel
ter-weight boxer and hero of many a een
satlonal battle in the amateur ring, suc
cumbed last night before the fierce on
slaught of Joe Thomas. The fight ended
during the third round. So spectacular
was the sudden finish that the spectators
stood up and yelled till the echoes of
their 6houts resounded throughout the
house.
Joe Thomas Gives the Olympian a
Beating, Scoring a Clean Knock
out in Third Round.
BEATJN FALLS BEFORE
AVALANCHE OF BLOWS
HAWTHOBNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First -race — Cascine, Cognomen,
Testimony.
Second race — L'Etrenne, Benson
hurst, Bay Wonder.
Third race — Byways, Hargis,
Eirclabroom.
Fourth, race — Alfred C, Bard of
Avon, Dodie S. '*
Fifth race— McGee, Toah, Delagoa.
Sixth race — Lady Jocelyn, Wai
namoinen. Fading 1 Light.
S'xth race, one mile and seventy yards —
WaJnamolnen 107. Fading Light 97, Lady Joce
lvn 94 Christine A 94. Demonland 90.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Rag Tag
104, L'Etrenne 102. Floral Wreath 95, Bay
Wonder 05, Bensonhurst 93, Stemwlnder 03.
Third race, one and an eighth miles* — Hargls
111. By Ways 97 Birch Broom 97, Louisville
495. Dutch Carter 93.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Alfred C 1 10,
Leenja 109. Marineuse 109. Old Alike 100,
Emathlon 109, Pat Morrlssey 109. Antolee 109,
Bard of Avon 104, Sea Pirate 104, Dodie S 10S,
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Harry New 105,
Bchwalbe 102, Toah 102, Delasoa 102, Talpa
102. Warte Nlcht 99. McGee 99, Linguist 99,
Aggie I^ewls 76, Badgt-r Girl 76.
CHICAGO, Sent. 23. — Hawthorne entries:,
First race, five furlongs — Cognomen 109,
Cascine 105, Mayor David S. Rose 105. Testi
mony 103, Tokalon 102. Alma Dufour 102,
Trompeuse 102, Katie Powers 102, Formaster
105.
HAWTHOENE ENTRIES.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6 to 1— D. McKenna, 103 (Brknth) 2 4 1 n
3 to 1— Lt. Opera. 100 (Llvlngstn) 6 5 2 8
10 to 1— Mlmo, 100 (McCarthy).... 3 1 3 H
Time, 1:2SU. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J, C. Milam & Co.'s b. c. by Pirate
of Penzance-Lady Modred. Avoid 100. Sardian
103, Barkelmore 103, Uranium 103, Star Nova
103, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i. Fin.
16 to 6— Theory, 88 (Perkins) 5 5 In
11 to C — Frank Bell. 119 (Shea)... 1 1 2 h
3 to 1— Albula, 113 (Sheehan) 3 3 3 2
Time, 1:15%. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. S. Bratton'e c. m. by Efiher-Morn
ing Glory. Optional 102, Father Wentker 109,
Red Ola 85, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile. Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
,4 to 1— Ada N. 105 (Calvitt) « 6 13
16 to 1— Lasso, 100 (Livingston)... 112 1
5 to 1— Rollick II. 104 (Hennessy) 4 2 3 n
Time. 1:42%. Start Rood. Won easily.
Winner, Gould & Frederlckson's c. m. by
Herald-Santa Rosa. Last Knight 110, Tony
Lepplng 100. Tom Crabb 109, Morris Volmer
103. Duela 100, Don Ami 98. Professor Mevllle
105, El Rey 105, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6 to 1— Behoove, 110 (Sheehan)... 7 3 1 n
9 to 2 — Miss Manners, 110 (Brkrh) 5 9 2 1
11 to 5 — Irene Mac, 09 (Shea) 3 2 3 5
Time, 1:16. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, XV. W. Elliott's c. f. by LampllKhter-
Marlan G. Lady Charlet 108, Aylmer Bruce
H9, Feronla 104. Marchioness 104. Eufala 107,
Deteot 90, Chickanha 104, Bisuka i)9. Miss
Gould 108. also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23.— Clear and pleas
ant weather, a fast track and a good card
drew a large crowd to Delmar Park this
afternoon. The handicap, fourth on the
programme, furnished the best finish of
the day, Theory, Frank Bell and Albula
finishing clos/e together as named. Sum
mary: '
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. "4. Fin.
3 to 1— Mendon, 107 (Miller) 7 7 11
40 to 1— Kiowa Chief, 102 (Luden). 5 5 2 4
i» to 2— Launay. 105 (Sheehan) .... 8 8 3 Vi
Time. 1:03. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, A. F. Dayton and Co.'s ch. g. by Darlen-
Pilonnlsa. Kile 92, Alcom R 102, Henry
Luehrmann Jr. 105. Bandlllo 95. Peach Juice
110. Ponchartrain 95. Yenora 95, St. Caro 102,
Mary Miller 105, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Light-Weighted Theory
Beats Prank Bell
and Albula.
SPRINTERS FINISH
CLOSE TOGETHER
6IXTH RACE— Selling, for 3-year-old» and
upward, one and a sixteenth miles:
Bettins. Horse. Weipht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Hoodwink. 1C5 <Fuller)..4 4 11
18 to 6— Mcileekln. 106 fCKelll).. lfS>2 1 ~
f to 0— Our Nugst, 91. (E>e Souza> S 1 3 1V4
Time 147 1-0. Btart good- Won driving.
Winner. F. FarreU'e bl*. t. by Watercress
a£Sn! Stroller 1M, Ethics 109. Ella Snyder
67. Kbltal 108. also ran.
t'WIH. RACE— Selling. 2-year-o!d«, about
Fix furlong*:
Betting. Horse. Weijrht. Jockey. St. % Fin
» to 1— Hello. 10* (O'N'etll) 6 4 1 IH
3 to 1— Mordella, »4 (Reed) 2 1 2 2
6 to 1— Monet, 105 <Hedfern).... 1 2 3 1%
Time 1:11. Start good. Won drivInK.
Winner, F. Burtew's b. c. by PonUae-Saluta
tlou. £asle 109. Charlie Fisher 94. Bob Mur
uhy 103. Averurer 106. Tendercre«t »4. Hydran
ger 94 Band*rtHa S>4. The Bowery 97. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Handicap for all ageB, one
and a half miles:
Brttlne. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 8 «.F1n.
7 to 1 — Lrd Turco, »8 (De Souza). 4 7 13
13 to 5 — Jane-way, 103 (Bums) 2 3 2 3
2 to 1 — Surmise. 108 (Bullnmn).. 7 4 3 l',4
Time, 2:35. Btart good. Won easily. Win
ner W. C. Sinlth'e b. c. by Hartinirton-Turcot.
Ckaratrind 01, Gold Bell 87, Warranted 100,
Star Chamber 102. also ran.
THIRD RACE— The Holly handicap for
2-yar-old*. about cix furlongs:
Ketting. Hors=e. ¦Weight. Jockey. St. s i Fin.
16 to 5 — Pu!su<> 128 «yN«-ill) 6 5 1 »i
5 to 1— Divination. 10S (Reafe-rr.) 21 2 2
5 to 1— fiwt Gretchen, 110 (Bllmn) 3 3 3 h
Time. 1:09 4-o. Start pood. Won driving.
Winner. J. E. Madden'B br. c. by Topgallant-
Olen Hop. Pt. VaJer.tine 115. Turquoise Blue
114. Ja«juln KW. Wotan 108. Race King 112.
Batts 103. Ilequiter JO4, also ran.
T:m«'. 4:0S 3-5. Start sood. Won ridden
out. Winner. J. W. Coifs ch. g. by Bob Miles-
Anadem. Bounder 150, Pcrion 153, Gascar 150,
also ran.
PECOTD RACE — Selling, steeplechase, about
tv.-o miles:
35-ntlnr. Hcrue. Weight. Jockey. St. 8 i Fin.
R to 5 — Amur. ISO (A.. Jackson).. 4 2 12
'.» to .1 — Manilian. l.V? (Sonper)... 5 1 2 20
£• to 1 — Gortnaplin. 15S 'O'Brien). 8 3 3 15-
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— John J. Ryan,
the "get-rich-qulck man" whoso recent
rlun^es at Gravesend created a sensa
tion^ was compelled to take a back seat
to-day by "PHtsburg Phil" and John A.
Drake. "Pittsburg Phil," who has won
more money this season than any of the
big plungers, is skid to have cleaned up
$60,000 on the day— *20,Q00 on Pulsus, win
ner of the third race, and $40,000 on Lord
Turco, belonging: to his brother, "Bill"
Smith, In the fourth event.
"Pittsburg Phil" has complained repeat
edly of the fact that some layers either
refuse to take his money or chop the
odds to a minimum when they find that
he and his commissioners are betting on
a certain horse; so when he got ready
to unbelt on Lord Turco lie adopted a
novel method of getting his money down.
He hunted up several jnen with long
whiskers who looked like farmhands and
cent them into the rinsr when the price
» gainst Lord Turco had gone up as high
as 10 to 1 in some books. With a wild
rush the bewhiskered individuals swooped
down on the unsuspecting layers, betting
S'-OO and $1000 at a clip, straight, place
and third. Several swept the deadline
where better odds were offered and in a
few minutes there was a panic in the
ring.
A coterie of heavy bettors made a "kill
ing" on Hello In the fifth rac«?. He was at
one time at 15 to 1, but was played down
to one-third the odds. He was helped to
win by the fact that J. Lantry's The Bow.
eiy, a gift colt from Representative Sulli
van, threw his rider. De Souza, at the
post and ran away on the outside of the
track a mile and a half and took no part
in the race. The Bowery also was a good
thing, played off the boards — in -fact, he
sicted like a colt primed for a race. Mor
dclla, disqualified last Saturday, looked
to be winning again to-day, but about a
hundred yards from the finish she began
to act as if wanted to run out. and
jio- rider tapped her gently with his whip.
Hello, under persuasion, passed Mordella
in the last few strides.
J. W. Coifs Amur won the steeplechase
after Manilian had made nearly all the
running. Both horses came Into collision
shortly after leaving the last jump and
the rider of Manilian claimed a foul, but
the stewards dismissed the claim, as there
is an abrupt turn in the track, which is
a had place for accidents of this sort.
Summary:
FIRST KACI>— Hiph weight handicap, all
n£p». about six furlongs :
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, gt. K Fin.
« to 1— Palrctella. Ill < P-edf err.) . 5 3 1 H
M t*> 1 — Outcome. 110 iBuIIman).. 9 6 2 h
10 tc 1— Damon. 11R ftyNeill) 3 13 I**
Time. 1 :10 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. W. A. Chandler's b. f. by Caldron-
Falvacea. Wealth 134. Ice Water 110. Mono
prarh 115. The Captain 115. Pentaur 112, Meis
trn-'Tiprr 10S. Memoriam 102. Slidell 106. April
Fhower llt>. Little Jack Homer 110, H. C.
Rye 106. Blserta 103. Captivator 108. also ran.
Sredal DiEp&tch to The Call
Time, 1:42 1-5. Start good. 'Won driving.
Winner, P. McGuire'g ch. p. by Niagara-Char
lotte. Finjral 97. Ethel Wheat 97. Paul Wha
ley 97, O'Hagen 107, Galathee 100, James J.
Corbett 100 and Marsalsea 97 also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
30 to 1— Rabunta,' 97 (Ferrell) 3 7 1 h
5 to J — Federal, 102 (Robbins)... « 4 2 2hi
8 to 5— Planudes, 105 (Buchanan) 5 5 8 2
FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
celling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5 — Our BesMe, HI (Wilson)... 4 2 1 nk
4 to 1— Haviland, 96 <H. Phillips) 2 12 1
7 to 2 — Airtight. 90 (8. Bonner).. 3 3 3 6
Time, 2:07 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. F. Newman's b. t. by Lord Dal
meny-Bessje Blslar.d. Marion Lynch 96, Little
Klkin !'<i and Barrack '.>'..> also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs: selling:
Bettinj?. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5— Bay Wonder. 00 fFerrelD.ll 112
12 to 1— First Chip. lO.I(Buchanan) 4 2 2 1^
1". to 1— l>ucbs. Hanna,100(Wtirm) 3 3 3 2H
Time, 1 :2S 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. F. Newman's b. g. by Ix>rd Dal
me.ny-Falthlees. Lampoon 97, Belle Mahone
07, Flyer 94. Naulahka 94. Lady Matchless
102. Fair Lady Anna 93. John Lemons 102,
Safeguard 102, Miriam W 09 and Siloam 93
also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlonps; handicap:
Bettlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to P — Auditor, 110 (Wonderly).. 2 11 2%
16 to 5— Redan, 110 <ReifO 3 2 2 h
2 to 1— Kockaway, 113 (Otis) 5 3 3 nk
Time, 1:15. Start perfect. Won easily. Win
ner. S. S. Brown's b. c. by Esher-Alcestis.
Sir Launcelot lit* and Moablna 115 also ran.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Itacatiara, 134(C. Johnson) 3 114
C to 1— Oliver Me, 144 O'orbley).. 5 2 2 7
« to 1 — Snowdrift. 120 (Carter)... 2 3 3 10
Time, 3:<U 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, 1L R. Marshal's ch. g. by Montana
Regent-Grass Widow. Moranda l.'JO, Creolln
liUi and Hcber 132 also ran.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Captain S. L..
Brown's 1904 Derby candidate Auditor
showed a clean pair of heels to Burns
& WaterhouFe'3 highly prized colt Rock
away in the third event of the Hawthorne
card to-day, winning as he pleased by
two and a half lengthsj while Redan beat
Rockaway a head for the place. The
handicap, which was at six furlongs, was
one of the heaviest betting: races of the
meeting. Auditcr went to the post fa
vorite at 6 to 5, backed from 13 to 10, while
Rockav.'ay was second choice at 2 to 1,
backed from 11 to 5, and Redan a close
third at 1G to 5.
Four red hot favorites and two extreme
outsiders captured purses. The track was
apparently fast f but slow time was made.
The weather was clear and cool and the
attendance fair for a Wednesday. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
purs*: m
Petting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SL «J Fin.
2f> to 1— Kian, 110 meiff) 1<> 6 1 h
to 1— Arnora J. 110 <H. Phillips) 2 3 2 1
15 to 1— San Kemo, UStWonderly) I> 2 3 >4
Time, :V> 2-5. Start prood. Won driving:.
Winner. K. CorrlRan"* br. jr. by Artillery-
Asnea IV. The Hebrew 113. Lanark 113. Red
Bird 110. Otto £tiff«l 113, Virginia Boy 110,
Knvorite 113, Leila 11", Alice Commoner 110,
Sky Pilot 113, KlnK Nutter 113, Delemont 110
and C U. Hut<'hir.Fon 113 also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Bookmakers Mistake His
Commissioners for Rural
Reubens.
Four Redhot Favorites and
Two Long Shots Earn
Purses.
Rockaway Third in the
Feature Race at
Hawthorne.
"Pittsburg Phil" Draws
Down $60,000 on
the Day.
AUDITOR EASILY
TAKES HANDICAP
PLUNGER MAKES
HEA VY WINNING
8
A POOR. CRUTCH. <^^m
Experience is a dear teacher, as those who pin their 1^/^M^M
faith to Mercury find out sooner or later. This power- CfcS^I fe^
ful poison combined with Potash, is the treatment teen- Wf V W
erally prescribed for Contagious Blood Poison, but failure Wt K \ W
and disappointment is the invariable result. These min- Ifr J X J v?f
erals drive in the sores and eruptions, and apparently the AjVW \
disease is gone and the patient believes the cure perma- /4Y£&k^Mi
nent, but soon learns better when the old symptoms bSWMS^^P
return almost as soon as the treatment is left off You va *f*'^* 7*
must either keep the system saturated with mercury or endure the tortures
of sore mouth ulcerated throat ana the mortification that one naturally
feels when the body is covered with disgusting sores, rashes, copper-colored
splotches and other aggravating symptoms of this vile d!se2e
Mercury and Potash are poor crutches, and their use eventually breaks
down the constituUon, rums the digestion and cause the bone? to decav
S//^ /Si ™,i S-ag^r^eed purely vegetable remedy, is the
\R! \V^ y antldot e for Contagious Blood Poison It de-
lOj iSS hi? 7 %*7 r7 ,*}? ax Of the deadly virus « overcomes the
bad effects of the mercury and cleanses the blood and
~n J' fl h send free our book on Contagious Blood Poison, which is inter-
008 .,^ yourself at u3£l
aavice or any special information desired given without charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA GJULANE NONCOMMITTAL.
Democratic Candidate for Mayor Will
Not Say Whether He Will Accept.
Not until to-night's session of the Dem
oratic Municipal Convention will the del
egates know whether Franklin 'K. Lane,
their candidate for Mayor, will accept the
nomination. Many friends advised Lane
yesterday not to go into the fight, as his
party was divided. . When asked yester
day what he would do Mr. Lane said:
"I believe It Is my duty to express what
ever views I may have on the subject to
the delegates who nominated me."
Mr. Lane was asked whether he would
appear in person or send another letter.
He declined to say what he would do in
th*e matter.
The Democrats will hold another ses
sion to-night in Union Square Hall. Nom
inations for other places on the ticket will
be made. The* "Horses and Carts," led by
Colonel Herbert Choynski- and Joseph E.
O'Donnell, will have more fun with Chair
man Hickey. A llveljs. meeting is antici
pated.
It is the impression In political circles
that Lane will accept the nomination.
Asks for Terminal Facilities.
At the weekly meeting of the Harbor
Commission yesterday a petition was pre
sented' by the Western Pacific Railway
Company for space In the ferry building
for passenger and baggage accommoda
tions. The petition was signed by W. J.
Bartnett. president, and B. M. Bradford,
secretary. They stated in their petition
that it was the intention of their com
pany to build a line of railroads connect
ing £an Francisco with San Jose, Stock
ton, Sacramento and other interior points.
Possibly they might extend the road as
far as Salt Lake.
They stated that terminal facilities had
been purchased in Oakland and Stockton
and that they were already making sur
veys at those points. They also asked
that a pier at the Terry building for the
use of their boats be placed at their dis
posal. They also stated that they were
willing to advance funds for the construc
tion of the necessary Improvements and
changes that their wants necessitated.
Official Figures of Alleged Debts to
Foreigners Are Made Public
at CaTacas.
CARACAS. Sept. 23.— The official figures
of the claims presented by foreign nations
to the mixed tribunals now sitting in Ca
racas are: France, $16,040,000; United
States, J10.500.000; Italy. $8,300,000; Bel
gium. $3,093,Se0; Great Britain. $2,500,000-
Germany, $1,417,300; Holland, $1,046450-
Spain. $600,000; Mexico. $300,000; Norway
and Sweden. $200,000.
- The sessions of the French and Bel
gian tribunals have closed.
FRANCE'S CLAIMS LEAD
LIST BEFORE TRIBUNAL
TJpon Agreement.
LA LIBERTAD, San Salvador, Sept. 22.
— The Finance Committee of Congress haa
reported In favor of the agreement ar
rived at In Washington in favor of tho
payment of the claim brought against the
republic of San Salvador by Alfred H.
Burrell, because of the Government's
treatment of the Triunfo Company. -.
San Salvador's Finance Committee of
Congress Reports Favorably
BTJBRELI/S CLAIM GIVEN
LEGISLATIVE APPROVAL
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— The court de
creed to-day that the race horse Harry
Thatcher is the property of W. A. John
son, known as "Long Willie," and has
ordered Mrs. Anna Hastings to give un
the horse or $600 as equivalent. Johnson
let Mrs. Hastings run the horse to try
and win enough to pay off a debt he
owed her. After he had done this she re
fused to give up the animal.
Johnson Gets Racehorse.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.-Not a word
had been received by Dr. Herran, the Co
lombian Charge. ur> to a late hour to
night regarding the Panama canal treaty.
Dr. Herran says he would not be sur
prised If Colombia should take the Initia
tory steps for a renewal of the canal ne
gotiations along somewhat different lines
from that on what ' the last convention
was framed. That this is possible. he»
says, is Indicated by the- communications
which have come to the State Department
from the Colombian' legation to the 'effect
that the Bogota Government was anxious
to keep alive the canal negotiations. THe
report from Minister Beaupre indicates
that the whole subject has ended to a
deadlock.
cates That Controversy Has
Ended in Deadlock.
Report Prom Minister Beaupre Indi-
COLOMBIA IS SXLENT
>X V BEGABDHJQ THE TREATY
BERLIN. Sept. 23.— Sergeant Buntz of
the SLxty-thlrd Grenadier Regiment sta
tioned at Ulm, Wurttemhurgr, was to-day
sentenced to sixteen months' Imprison
ment for 111 treating a private named Hlla
Buntz threw a cooking apparatus at the
victim and thus caused his death. -
German Sergeant Convicted.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 23.— Th« ensaga
ment of Editor J. P., McDonnell of Se
vastopol and Miss Ivy Sullivan of tha
same place has been announced. The
nuptials will be celebrated during the
holiday season. Both of the contracting
parties are among the most prominent
young people in Sonoma. County.
Wedding Engagement Announced.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— TJie following
marriage licenses were issued by the)
County Clerk to-day: Archibald Mcl>on
ald. aged over 21 years, San Francisco,
and Margaret J. Hill, over IV Oakland;
Lou Sam, 23. and Len Ole. 13. both of San
Francisco; William F. Focha, 28, Saa
Francisco, and Ida L>. Dunatan 22. Oak
land; Irvins H. BurreU, 22. and Isabella
E. Kenna. 21, both of Oakland: Frank
A. Paine. 33, and Ida L.. Stencke, 33, both
of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
SALEM. Or.. Sept. 23. — The Photographers'
Association In the Pacific Northwest convened
la this city to-day. SCO delegates being In at
tendance.
ARRIVED.
' Wednesday. September 23.
Stmr Fulton, l*ee, BO hours from San Pedro.
SAILED.
¦Wednesday, September 23.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen. San Pedro.
. Stmr Newsboy. Adler, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 23— Btmra Eureka,
for San v Francisco; stmr Redondo, for San
Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 23— Schr So
lano, from Port Blakeley.
FOREIGN PORT.
HONGKONG— Sailed Bept 23 — Stmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver, via Shanghai. Hiogo
and Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Sarma
tlan, from Boston; stmr Concordia, from Mont
real.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Sept 23 — Stmr Domin
ion, for Montreal : stmr Gefmanlc, for New
York; stmr Mayflower, for Boston; stmr West
ernland. for Philadelphia.
Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Canadian, from Bos
ton* stmr Kensington, from Montreal.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Sept 23— Stmr Prin
zess Irene, from New York, for Naples and
LONDON — Arrived Sept 23 — Stmr' Mesaba,
from New York. "^P*3W^SP
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept 23— Stmr
Belgenland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool;
«tmr Aurania, from New York, for Liverpool,
and both .proceeded.
Sailed Sept 23 — Stmr Ivernla. for Boston.
'NEW. YORK— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool'. Btmr Philadelphia, • for Llver-
Arrived Sept 23— Stmr . Pre
toria, from New York, . for Hamburg, and pro
ceeded. •
ANTWERP — Arrived Sept "23 — Stmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept - 23— Stmr
New York, from New York. ,
. ¦ ' • . . i
Late Shipping Intelligence.
NEW HAVEN, Sept. 23.— John Hayes Ham
mond, the famous mining expert, who is pro
fessor of mining engineering at Tale. Univer
sity, will present to that Institution a metallur
gical laboratory. The cost of the bulldin?
will be between $25,000 and $50,000.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 23.— Don Tomaa Alvara
do. a member of one of the famous old Span
ish families or Southern California, died In
this city to-day. He was born in Loa An
geles sixty-three years ago. At one time he
was owner of the famous Montserrat ranch.
- CLEVELAND. O.. Sept. 23.— Harry A. Gar
field, son of the late President Garfleld. has
accepted bis appointment to the chair of Po
litical • Jurisprudence at Princeton University.
N. J. • ' Mr. Garfleld aucceeds Dr. John Houston
Finley elected to the presidency of the Col
lege of the City of New York.
BESSEMER. Mich.. Sept. 23— Annie Wo<f
nak. aged 24 yean, was shot and Instantly
killed last night by Ed MHe«ki7her tornae?
fiance, during a quarrel. Mlleskl then shot
himself in tha abdomen and hla recovery is
doubtful.
APPOINTS SUCCESSORS TO
SUSPENDED INSPECTORS
Health Board Had Warned Negligent
Official to Be More Attentive
to Duties.
The Board of Health yesterday appoint
ed Drs. Robert C. Howe and Henry D.
Fanning as assistant sanitary inspectors
to fill vacancies caused by the suspension
cf Drs. Fitzgibbons, Hartley, Green and
Hereford. Howe is on the civil service
eligible . list, but Fanning is not. The
positions were also offered to Drs. J.
Kuykendall and Reuben Hill, the remain
ing wo civil service eligibles, but they
declined appointment because It was for
too short a period. Dr. Fred C. Muller
was also appointed to one of the vacan
cies, as told in yesterday's Call.
It appears that the four suspended in
spectors were warned several times to be
more attentive to their duties, but failed
to heed the warning. It was then de
cided by the Health Board to make an
example of them In the hope that they
would be more attentive to their sanitary
Inspection when they are restored to their
positions on October 5.
BRITISH WEST INDIES
SCOURGED BY FA2HKB
St. Vincent Journal Bitterly Attacks
Home Government for With
holding Aid.
ST. THOMAS. D. TV. I.. Sept. 23^— The
Gazette of the British, island of St. ICitts
says: The moment for the helping hand
of the Government to be extended cannot
much longer be delayed If the laboring
population of the islands of St. KJtts and
Nevis are ' to be kept from starvation.
An appalling condition of poverty exists.
The estates have been compelled to lessen
their expenses owing to the long: drought*
and able-bodied men and women are hard
ly earning enough to supply their daily
wants.
The Times of the British island of St.
Vincent blame! the Government for tha
misery prevailing since the volcanic erup
tion on that island, adding that starva
tion and disease are killing many per
sons and that a large number -are half
naked and homeless. Laborers of both
sexes sleep in sheds and tattered tenta
erected a year rfgo— "harbors cf disease
and immorality and a disgrace to tha
colony."
STATISTICIAN DISCUSSES
MORTALITY IN CITIES
Dr. Karl Ballod Says Berlin' Ranks
First for Healthfulness and
Paris Last.
BERLIN, Sept. 23.— Dr. Karl Ballod
read a paper to-day before the Interna
tional Statistical Conference on the mor
tality in large cities, contending that
cities having a population of a million in
Western Europe were healthier than
smaller cities, because the latter's sani
tary precautions were far inferior to those
of the larger cities.
Berlin, he said, was the more healthful
and London and Vienna came next. Paris
was the worst of all. Country populations
were the least healthy, but country peo
ple going to the cities were healthier than
town-bred people. While the rural popu
lations were stationary in Germany since
1871, the cities had doubled their popu
lations and the country was increasing
in population by nearly a million a year.
PEACE CONGRESS PRAISES
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT
Pleased That Venezuelan Dispute
Was Taken to The Hague
Tribunal.
ROUEN, France. Sept. 23.— The Interna
tional Peace Congress, which is meeting
In this city to-day, passed resolutions re
gretting the acts of hostility committed
by Germany and Great Britain against
Venezuela, particularly against the de
struction of property that gave rise to
claims for indemnity; expressed satisfac
tion that the warlike attitude had yielded
to diplomacy and arbitration; praised the
intervention of the United States and con
gratulated President Roosevelt and
United States Minister Bowen on their
efforts to bring the dispute before The
Hague tribunal.
The Ifew Assessment Plan Is Ex
plained by Past Supreme Master
Workman Wilson.
The Grand Lodge of th« Ancient Order
of United Workmen will meet In special
cession in Bteinway Hall this morning
for the purpose of taking action on the
new plan of rates recently promulgated
by the Supreme Lodge. Preliminary to
to-day's meeting there was a largely at
tended meeting in the hall of Excelsior
Lodge last night, at which the plan was
explained and placed in an entirely dif
ferent light from that In which It had
been heretofore presented.
This was by an interesting and logical
address by W. Warne Wilson, past su
preme master workman of the order, who
came to this city last Monday for the
purpose of attending the session of the
Grand Lodge. He was followed by Grand
Master Workman F. W. Browning. Past
Grand Master W. H. Barnes, Grand Over-
Eeer Eavage, Deputy Grand Master D.
S. Ilirshberg, Past Grand Master Morri
son, Grand Recorder Spencer, Grand Re
ceiver Booth and Grand Organizer Free
man. It was the night of the twenty
fourth anniversary of Excelsior Lodg*
and it was decided by the members of the
lodge to forego the usual practice of a
jolly good time at the banquet table and
Instead have a heart to heart talk on a
subject that at this time is engrossing the
attention of the membership throughout
the entire national jurisdiction.
At the Etssion to-day the several plans
within the general plan presented by the
Supreme Lodge will be explained to 300 or
more representatives and it will remain
for them to adopt or reject the new prop
osition. Should the grand body reject the
plan, it will have to make provision for
the purpose of meeting the obligations
of the order in the California jurisdic
tion.
"WORKMEN'S GRAND LODGE
OT SPECIAL SESSION
DOMINICAN GOVERNMENT
REPUDIATES AGREEMENT
United States Minister Powell De
livers Ultimatum That Arbitrators
Must Be Named.
SAN DOMINGO, Sept. 23.— The Domin
ican Government has informed United
States Minister Powell that It absolutely
does not recognize the validity of the
agreement regarding the claims of the
Improvement Company and therefore can
not appoint an arbitrator in that case.
Powell has informed the Government that
the engagements made must be kept and
that he expected to name its arbitrators.
He also pointed out to the Dominican
Government that if it accepted engage
ments with other powers those made with
his Government must also be respected,
and that if some of the acts of ex-Pres
ident Vasquez's Government were con
sidered legal, all must be.
Two Performances to Be Given at the
New Tivoli to Raise Sufficient
Funds. >
The charity committee of the California
Liquor Dealers' Association met. yester
day afternoon and completed arrange
ments for their annual distribution of
money and presents to charitable insti
tutions (Juring the holiday season. . The
liquor dealers Inaugurated this worthy
plan last year. At that time thousands
of dollars were collected and donated to
the different- charitable institutions
throughout the city, and this year it is
expected that the amount will be in
creased. Instead of presenting: patrons
with Christmas "bottles" the money
which would have been spent in that di
rection is given to the suffering and the
poor.
The new Tivoli Opera-house, at the cor
ner of Mason and Eddy streets, now in
the process of construction, has been en
gaged for afternoon and evening perform
ances on Thursday, December 10. Thi^
day will be regarded as a liquor dealers'
holiday and the proceeds of both enter
tainments will be awarded to charity. The
committee in charge of the affair con
sists of A. G. Hagedorn (chairman), D.' B.
Faktor, T. Lunstead, > William Clack, T.
H. Lindsay, P. J. Weniger, H. M. Meyer,
E. L. Wagner, R. H. Stafford and Jesse
E. Marks. The auction sale of boxes,
which will seat over 200 people, will take
place at the regular meeting of the asso
ciation in November.
LIQUOR DEALERS PLAN
FOR CHARITY'S CAUSE
SPREAD OF TTTBERCUXOSIS
IS THEME OF SCIENTIST
Declares That a Decisive Factor la
Nourishing Infants With ivm-fr
of Cows.
BERLIN. Sept. 23.-The Deutschen
Medesche Voschiegrlft publishes a synop
sis of a lecture which Professor von.Behr-
Ing of Marburg will deliver before The
German materialists" congress at Cassel
next Friday. Professor von Behring does
not believe that tuberculosis can be In
herited or contracted epidemically by an
adult. He asserts, however, that a de
cisive factor in the spread of tuberculosis
is the nourishing of infants with milk
taken from cows suffering from, that dis
ease.
The human infant like the young of all
animals lacks the digest! w apparatus and
protective organs which in the case of
grown-up persons prevents the germs en
tering Into the tissues. As a consequerca
he contends young children should b«
nourished with milk free from the germs
of tuberculosis.
Professor von Behring*» efforts are be
ing directed toward the substitution ©f
sanitariums and a system of inoculation
for consumption hospitals. He la firmly
convinced that, like animals, human
beings can be rendered immune by Inocu
lation wtth tuberculosis toxine obtained
from cows. The professor, however, dis
tinctly says that his experiments to ob
tain a perfect toxine aro not completed.
LOW IS BENOMINATED.
Citizens' Union and Republicans
Name Him for Mayor. x
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The Republican
and Citizens* Union conventions met to
night, the former at the Grand Central
Palace and the latter at Cooper Union,
and nominated to head the city ticket
candidates decided on at the conference
of the anti-Tammany forces: Seth Low,
for Mayor; Edward M. Grout, for Con
troller; Charles V. Fornes, for president
of the Board of Aldermen.
The Republican convention met early In
the afternoon and adjourned until even
ing out of respect to the memory of Fred
erick S. Glbbs of the Republican Na
tional Committee, whose chair as a mem
ber of his district delegation was draped
in mourning. The platform adopted when
the convention reassembled declared that
"the Republicans of New York unquali
fiedly indorse. the efficient and business
like administrations of Mayor Low,
Controller Grout and President Fornes,"
and declared that every principle of two
years ago had been fulfilled in letter and
spirit. The isssue of the campaign was
declared to be the continuance of "this
honest, intelligent and progressive admin
istration." The nomination of Mayor Low
was voted unanimously, the nominations
of the other candidates following.
Francis C. Huntington presided at the
convention of the Citizens* Union. R,
Fulton Cutting, as chairman of the con
ference committee, presented the names
of the three candidates, seconding
speeches were made and the nominations
were then voted, after which the conven
tion adjourned.
GOMEL, Government of Mohile, Russia,
Sept 21.— The Associated Press corre
spondent has made an investigation on
the spot of the "pogrom," as the Rus
sians describe the anti-Semite riots which
occurred here September 11 and were re
newed for several days. The riots were
smaller, but perhaps, more remarkable
than 4hose which took place at Kishenev,
because .the police and military, openly
aided the plunderers and murderers, the
"pogromshiks," as . the . Russians called
them. The troops, supported by many
educated and well-to-do Christians,
formed a movable" shield behind which
the "pogromshiks" ruthlessly demolished
tho Jewish homes and Bhops and cruelly
clubbed such Jews as fell into their
hands, leisurely proceeding from street to
street and from district to district as they
did so.
The commerce and Industry of Gomel,
which is considerable, is largely in the
hands of the Jewish population, number-
Ing 25,000. Few of the residents are
wealthy, but none is a pauper. The Jew
ish artisans Incline to socialism.
. The trouble began September 11, a holi
day, the day of the beheading of John
the Baptist, In a wrangle in the fruit and
fish market between Moujiks (peasants)
and Jews. The wrangle ended in a free
fight, In which many were wounded, one
moujlk succumbing to his injuries.
The moujiks demanded vengeance and
employed the following days, Saturday
and Sunday, in inflaming the anti-Semitic
feeling, the leaders being an officer
named Penski and a rich merchant named
Petrachenko.
EXPECTED THE "POGKOM."
Everybody knew that a pogrom would
occur on Monday and the JewH appealed
for protection to Chief of Police Ravaki,
who summoned an infantry - regiment
from its summer encampment Thus
there were 1600 soldiers In the town. At
luncheon hour on Monday the anti-
Semitic railway workmen to the number
of some hundreds began an organized at
tack on the Jewish houses in Zamoovoky
street, sacking them and demolishing or
spoiling the bulky articles by soaking
them with kerosene. Police Chief Ravaki
had placed police and troops on the Za
moovoky, but they acted as though they
Intended to protect the pogromshlks from
interference. The Jews from the outside
who attempted.to rescue their co-religion
ists were brutally clubbed by the soldiers'
guns, bayoneted or arrested. Meanwhile
recruits for the pogromshlks poured in
steadily over the bridge leading from, the
railway workshops. A bystander begged
the commander of the gendarmerie to
send troops to guard the exit from the
bridge. The officer replied threatening
the man with arrest and saying: "We
know what we have to do."
The plunderers now proceeded from
street to street, the troops and police fol
lowing them and cutting off access to the
devastated Jewish houses. They subse
quently visited the Jewish quarter called
"America," then Konnaya Square, the
upper end of Roumianzovskaya street, the
principal thoroughfare of the town, and
the district called "Caucasus."
FIRE UPON JEWS.
Altogether nearly 400 houses and, shops
were wholjy or partially wrecked, the
windows smashed, the blinds and frames
being splintered and every scrap of furni
ture and effects, even the samovars, sew
ing machines, mirrors and lamps, destroy
ed or stolen. The Jews -who aid not take
refuge with compassionate Christians or
conceal themselves in cellars were se
verely beaten and in many cases dan
gerously wounded. Some young Jews, ex
asperated by the action of the police and
troops, armed themselves with any avail
able weapons and tried to force v their
way to the threatened houses. One Jew
ess attempted to' shoot a non-commis
sioned officer and twenty-five revolver
shots were heard in the vicinity of the
bazaar, but were apparently fired in the
air, as no one was hurt.
The police then undertook to disarm the
Jews. Forty building laborers collected
in the busiest part of Roumianzovskaya
street and stopped and beat every passing
Jew. This gang was encouraged by As
sistant Police Captain Charlononsky and
Rural Police Commander Yeleinski. The
gang clubbed Berg Kevesh to death in the
presence of these officers, and after the
victim had been removed to the hospital
Yeleinski continued an amicable conver
sation with the murderers, none of whom
was arrested. The Jews rallied In force
at Kennaya square at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon, when the military fired on
them, killing three and wounding others.
Presumably on the Governor's instruc
tions, the military employed their fire
arms against the pogromshiks In the
Caucasus, killing three. This action and
nightfall put an end to the pogrom.
DISORDERS RENEWED.
Four hundred peasants arrived In Gomel
early the following day (Tuesday) but
were easily driven away by the military.
A few houses were pillaged that day and
two more on Wednesday, after which no
disorders occurred until September 18.
when a fruit gardener named Zvagelsky
was barbarously slaughtered by thieves.
The other Jews killed were Pilatsky, mur
dered by peasants in the village of Ver
ouimo, five miles distant, where he had
taken refuge with his wife, who has be
come Insane, and in GomelitztfV Davidov,
Lelkln and Elpern, clubbed to death by
the military or the mob; and Kagansky
and Oberman, shot and bayonetted; Sixty
four Jews were registered as wounded
and probably forty others left the city
without being registered.
During the week following the riots all
the trains leaving the city were crowded
with a thousand Jewish famiyes. The
Christian dead numbered five, of whom
the troops shot three. Ten Christians are
recorded as wounded.
The Jewish committee claims to be able
to identify ninety-five pogromshlks, but
only about. twenty-five Christians have
been arrested. Including one telegraph of
ficial. Over, fifty Jews were arrested for
carrying weapons or conspiring against
the police. . - - . -;, '.-'¦¦'¦
Fears are expressed that the coming
market days, September 27 and 28, may
witness a. repetition of. the pogrom.' The
present attitude of the military ¦ is; dis
quieting. Last night, the soldiers play
fully clicked their rifles at the Jewish
ladies and then laughed boisterously at
their fright. .
Latest Attack Upon Russian Jews,
Though Less Bloody Than Kishe
nev, Exhibits Especially
Cruel Features.
Shield Is Formed to Prevent
Interference With Plun
derers. *
BUDAPEST, Hungary, Sept. 23.— The
text of the royal autograph letter reln
trustlng Count Hedervary with the forma
tion of a new Cabinet was published to
day In a special issue of the Gazette. In
it Emperor Francis Joseph says he is
deeply grieved at the deplorable circum
stances which binder the working of the
state machinery. «.He cannot, however,
assent to any measures regarding the
common army which would possibly
weaken both halves of the monarchy and
which are not in accord with the interests
of Hungary, the Integrity of which they
would Jeopardize. The Emperor adds that
he is nevertheless desirous of giving ef
fect to the concessions announced in the
lower house I of the Hungarian Diet by
former Premier de Czell and by Premier
Hedervary, which he deemB to be admis
sible reforms.
The conclusion of the Emperor's post
script runs as. follows:
My Hungarian nation has advanced since the
Ausglelch (the fiscal and commercial agree
ment between Austria and Hungary) with gi
gantic strides. I notice with satisfaction that
gratifying progress as a fresh evidence of the
wisdom of the work achieved by mutual confi
dence between the crown and nation. So It
must be and so it must remain in the future.
By the favor of the divine Providence our con
stitutional Ufa has been- so far preserved from
all serious convulsions. The sobriety and re
straint of the nation and the well-weighed
consideration of all the interests involved can
alone preserve ua from trying: evils In tha fu
ture. ¦ *
It Is therefore my duty aa ruler to inform
the nation that I still adhere to the Auaglelch.
It is my conviction that the spirit which cre
ated this work still lives in its old strength
in the soul of tha nation. I- confide In your
judgment, trusting that you will explain to the
constitutional representation of Hungary, which
stands so* near to my heart, what my paternal
intentions are. and that you will discover a
happy issue to th« present situation, wnicn is
dangerous alike to the country and tho mon
archy.
VIENNA, Sept. 23.— The Reichsrath re
assembled to-day to pass, as Premier von
Koerber explained, a bill amending the
recruiting law in order to meet the diffi
culties created by the Hungarian Diet.
Dr. von Koerber said some of the Hun
garian demands were calculated not only
to undermine the unity of the Austro-
Hungarian army, but to affect Austria's
rights in the common army. The Em
peror maintained this view, and the pro
posed bill provided that Austria should
not enroll an increased number of recruits
unless a corresponding Increase was pro
vided by Hungary. The Premier urged
the speedy adoption , of the measure, so
that time-expired men might not be dis
charged. Demonstrations ¦ were made,
mingled with cheers.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— To the strains of
"The Star Spangled Banner," "Marching
Through Georgia" and other American
airs some 200 members of the Honorable
Artillery Company left their London ar
mory to-day and took a train for Liver
pool to embark on the Dominion Line
steamer Mayflower, bound for Boston,
Mass. Prior to the departure of the ar
tilleryman, Lieutenant Colonel Karl of
Denbelgh commanding, paraded the com
pany, whose smart uniforms and good
alignment created an excellent Impres
sion. V .;¦.:.. *
A splendid reception was extended to
the artillerymen on their arrival at Liv
erpool. The Lord Mayor and other city
officials met them at the railway station,
from, which the company marched to the
Town Hal^ where a formal greeting was
given them. They afterward marched to
the docks, where thousands gathered and
gave them an enthusiastic sendoff.
As the Mayflower sailed at 8 o'clock
this evening Lieutenant Colonel the Earl
of Denbigh received the following tele
gram from the King:
"I wish you and tho Honorable Artil
lery Company a good passage out and
a safe return home. I feel convinced that
you will all meet with a moat gratifying
reception in. the United States.
"EDWARD R..
"Captain General and Colonel."
Mr. Skinner. United States Consul Gen
eral at Marseilles, who la to make a per
sonal visit to Kins Menelik at his capital.
Adls, in the mountains of the Interior of
his large domains. Intending to conclude
a commercial treaty, is now in this coun
try making arrangements for his expe
dition and probably will start in two or
three weeks for the Eastern Mediterra
nean, from which region he will complete
his journey to Jubltl on one of the ves
sels of Admiral Cotton's squadron. In case
it 1% decided to send the entire squadron
to the j east coast of Africa on this
mission it will not be necessary for them
to leave their present stations for at least
a month.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.-The execu
tive council of the American Federation
of Labor to-day considered the case of
W. A. Miller, the foreman of the book
binders, who was dismissed from the
Government printing office because he
had been expelled from the local Book
binders* Union and who was subsequently
reinstated by order of President Roose
velt, but deferred action. The case was
under consideration by the executive
council for some time, but all that was
made public concerning it Is embraced
to the following official statement:
James W. Dougherty, secretary of th« Inter
national Bookbinders' Union, accompanied by
a committee of that organization, appeared be
fore the executive council in the William A.
Miller case. The matter was thoroughly gono
into, documents read and a copy of the evi
dence submitted. Further consideration of the
subject was deferred until later la the present
session.
The council awarded Jurisdiction of
putty glazing to the brotherhood of
painters and decorators. The Amalga
mated Glass Workers' International Asso
ciation was denied jurisdiction over plate
glass and cathedral glass makers. The
dispute between the Machinists' Associ
ation and that of the Allied Metal Me
chanics was compromised by an agree
ment that the International Association
of Allied Metal Mechanics shall call a
constitutional convention to be attended
by a delegate of the International Associ
ation of Machinists for the purpose of
effecting a working agreement between
the two organizations. A charter was
denied to the National Die Cutters and
Makers because various branches already
are under the jurisdiction of existing In
ternational unions. An application for a
charter was denied in the case of the In
ternational Union of Sign Painters. Pres
ident Gompers was authorized to call a
convention for the formation of an inter
national union of paper box makers.
The first of a course of twelve lectures
on the "New Views of the French Revo
lution" v,as delivered by Professor H.
Morse Stephens last night at the Mechan
ics' Institute. There was a big attend
ance and the»lecture was enjoyed for its
force, its sincerity and for the new aspect
which Professor Stephens throws around
the familiar subjects.
In speaking of the troublous events that
have long ago passed in France, but
which at all time make interesting mat
ter for discussion, Professor Stephens
made it plain that it was his intention to
tell of historical periods and personages
of France in a truthful vein— that is, sans
the particular historical form or attire
which it had pleased Dickens in his "Tale
of Two Cities" and Carlyle to paint in
lurid, dramatic colors.
Professor Stephens said that it is the
aim of the historian of to-day, with the
facts he has at his disposal, to give in
formation of men and affairs as they
were. He would have the student know
that the historian of the present period
is untrammeled, while the historian of the
past was subjective. Though . the object
of present day historians Is to place his
tory in its bare and unvarnished form be
fore the world, the change from the
hysterical and dramatic had not yet, he
said, quite penetrated into the minds of
the public
The new history, said Professor Steph
ens, throws an entirely new light on the
past, and while, it ~ is less dramatic and
less picturesaue, it Is mqre 'intelligible.
He treated historical personages as they
wefe, gave credit where condemnation
had been plastered' thickly* on the inno
cent, while he raised to dignity men
whose names had been spotted with ex
ecration by historians of the pnst. The
unfolding of the truth, the whole 'truth
and nothing but the truth, is the object
of the modern historian, declared Profes
sor Stephens. The picturesque may fade
when they come to tell the true dally
condition of men and women, he said,
but then they had the facts, and facts
at this period were more than poetry
and poetic prose and descriptions that
were hysterically dramatic.
Last night's lecture was a vivid, power
ful and interesting preface. The lectures
proper will follow, Louis XVI and Marie
Antoinette being the next historical sub
jects to receive the attention of Profes
sor Stephens at the Mechanics* . Institute.
As many as could— men, women and
children— crowded into Mission Turn Vc
rein Hall last night to attend the meet
ing of the Mission Park Association, and
those present were amply repaid by good
speaking and an interesting programme of
varied musical numbers.
The hall was beautifully decorated with
American flags and the stage, filled with
flowers and potted plants, was dressed in
semblance of a sylvan dell hung with Jap
anese lanterns. A finger post bore the
legend, "To Mission Park." Eustace Cul
linane presided and opened the meeting
with a few felicitious remarks. He was
followed by Miss Carroll, who sang in a
delicious soprano voice two selections, the
latter In response to an enthusiastic en
core.
Mrs. Keith, well known in public work
and an ardent advocate of the proposed
new park system, was the first speaker.
She made a forcible plea for all the im
provements contemplated in the pending
bond issue, but above all she urged the
necessity for parks in behalf of the chil
dren pining for fresh air, of the wearied
men and women, to whom the fragrance
and beauty of a block or two stolen from
the fields and mountains would act as a
blessing beyond price.
After the Orpheum Quartet had ren
dered three numbers in a highly accept
able manner former Mayor James D. Phe
lan, himself a resident of the Mission all
his life, was introduced. He was accord
ed a welcome from his neighbors of such
a prolonged and vociferous nature as to
assure beyond question the esteem in
which he is held by them.
He said that he was glad that for the
first time the city had before it a cam
paign In which measures and not men
were the Issues. These measures, he said,
were certain, to remain in office forever,
as they were in the nature of permanent
improvements and would carry out all
the promises that had been made for
them. We are not engaged in building a
city, he said, but In repairing one. We
had been forced by circumstances, he
said, into erecting a great city, but the
conditions under which this was done
were such that much of the work had
been accomplished in a haphazard and
unsatisfactory manner. One of the omis
sions, he said, was a sufficiency of parks,
which would Insure resting places and
fresh air reservoirs for the great popu
lation now here and the creater popu
lation that was bound to come. The
speaker advocated all the proposed parks,
dwelling especially on those for the Mis
sion district and St. Mary's Square.
Arnold and Ethel Grazer gave two mu
sical specialty numbers and were followed
by Thomas Hickey, Charles Sweigert and
P. H. McCarthy, each of whom in short
speeches urged upon those present to use
their utmost endeavors to secure the pas
sage of the entire bond issue. The meet
ing was earnestly enthusiastic and showed
the zeal of the campaign that is being
waged for a "City Beautiful." ,
It Is an old maxim that the man and
the occasion are required for a great
speech. In a similar way one might say
that the women, the music and the occa
eicn are required for great singing, espe
cially whe^ "Carmen" is the opera and
the Tivoll is the theater.
Bizet, Stcindorff's orchestra and an ex
cellent Italian opera company were at the
historic Tivoli la^t night— and the cul
tured Marchesir.i was there, too, to sing
against that theater's fond memories of
Collaxnartni. It was her chance. But the
fates were unkind to the brilliant young
wcnan, though her work was remarka
ble, considering the handicap of a cold.
*tt'ith a doctor at her elbow, and the fear
tf a failure to rasp her nerves, her battle
*vas noble— end the audience was kind.
The result of this misfortune was that
the listeners received every promise of a
etrorg and brilliant Carmen, but each
premise, alas, was necessarily broken Just
Chort of fulfillment — and none were so
forely disappointed as the finished Mar
chesicl herself, whose heart sank as Ehe
trembled on the border of great things,
then had to hesitate and hold back as she
Celt the clutch of an enemy in her bron
chial tubes. The fear of a strain or a
breakdown kept her from Boarlng to the
places where she has already made her
fame. Though not herself, ehe was nev
ertheless artistic and pleasing. Lacking
tho dash and abandon of conscious
bea!th and strength, she yet scored a de
tided hit, and the audience showed its ap
preciation. Russo was there, and, know
ing the circumstances, he yet expressed
himself to the effect that her Carmen was
Superb.
It is to be hoped that the delightful
Marchesini will be fully recovered In a
Jew fiaye, for there is little doubt that she
will capture the city when she is herself
once more. Those who know her brilliant
record in Bizet's famous masterpiece will
"watch eagerly for the announcement that
Marchesini is to appear again, for she
ehowed great power last night and some
of her work was brilliant, but the bril
liancy was subdued by the ground glass
cf bronchial misfortune.
The performance was creditable
throughout, and Ischierdo was an ideal
Don Jose, one of his favorite roles. He
ceptured the house again and again. The
Avofk of Tromben touched a responsive
audience and the entire performance was
"well-balanced and pleasing.
"The Prince of Pilsen" at the Columbia
Theater is meeting with the success pre
dicted for it. There is bo much catchy
music and pood acting- and sing-ing-, and
the scenery and costumes are so excellent
that the ensemble calls for the highest
commendation. Jess Dandy in the role
of the "Zinzinnati." Brewer and Miss
Trixie Friganza as the widow keep up
the vivacity of the work and Arthur Don
aldson as the Prince has also won strong
favor.
• • •
Crowds are flocking nightly to see and |
hear all the clever folk in the comedy ;
•pera. 'The Chaperons," which will :
Terminate a splendid week's run at • the i
California Theater on Saturday evening j
next. Manager Thall has every reason to
. be pleased with the reception given the !
musical work which is brim full of fun '
and is- handsomely presented from a
scenic and costume standpoint.
• • •
• • •
Miss Florence Roberts ¦will make her !
appearance In D'Annunzio's "Gloconda"
er the Alcazar Theater at to-day's mati
r.ee and this and to-morrow evenings, and
on Saturday she will appear both at the
matinee and In the evening- and also Sun- j
.day evening in "The Adventure of the i
'Lady Ursula." '
Soon Fischer f s Theater will see some
thing entirely new. For the rest of this
end next week "The Glad Hand" and
"The Con-curers" will be offered, which
have done the usual phenomenal business
at this house. Commencing with Mon
day, October 5, the public will see for
the first time here. "The Paraders," a
delig-htful musical comedy that contains
all new music and songs, and will be pre
sented with striking costumes and stage
effects.
• • •
Falke and Seraori, the Inimitable mu
sical comedians; Charles Ernest, the orig
inal monologist and parodist, and Mario
End Aldo, wonderful triple horizontal bar
performers, newcomers at the Orpheum,
have rsa.de pronounced hits and are pleas
ing packed houses at every performance.
Juliet Wood and Fred Ray are thoroughly
amusinsr in their conceit, "A Bunch of
Nonsense," and E. Rousby's electrical
tpectacle, "In Paris," is as delighting to
the eye as ever.
Jchn Le Clalr, the artistic and refined
comeJy Juggler; Anderson and Wallace,
traveftists», in tholr scene from "Oliver
TwiFt"; Henry Clive, the clever young
Australian magician, and other high-class
epeclalty performers are pleasing large
audiences at the Chutes every afternoon
and evening. To-nieh* after the regular
performance the amateurs will appear.
The Pollard Lilliputian Opera Company
still continues to attract lanre audiences
to 4he Grand Opera-house. To-night, to
morrow and Saturday matinee Gilbert and
Sullivan's cc-nic opera "Pinafore" will be
the -"-ogT'irime and Saturday night the
f< ason wilr close with "The Belle of New
York." At the Sunday matinee James
Neill. supported by Edythe Chapman and
his fpecially selected company, will com
mence an. engagement in the romantic
melodrama, "A Gentleman of France,"
which is a dramatization by Harriet Ford
of Stanley Weyman's popular novel.
The Central Theater has made a ten
etrike' this week with Dicn Boucicaulfs
Ftr.sational drama, "After Dark." Crowd
ed houses are the rule and every specialty
Is repeatedly encored. *:>? r l
The "Kveryman" company will be seen
in an Elizabethan production of Shakes
pearo'ii "Twelfth Night" next Monday and
Tuesday evenings and Tuesday matinee
at Lyric Hall. Seats for the production
are now on sale at Sherman. Clay Ez Co.'s.
Reichsrath Reassembles to
Pass Amendment to
Recruiting Law.
Thousands Join In Demon
stration at Docks at
Liverpool.
All Proposed Improvements
Are Advocated by Resi
dents of Mission.
Various Disputes as to Juris
diction of Unions Are
Settled.
Anti-Semites Receive
Protection From
Military.
Chroniclers of To-Day, He
Says, Write Truth of
"Princa cf Pilsen" at Oolum
• bia and "Chaperons"
at California.
Text of Francis Joseph's
Letter to Hedervary
'^ • Published.
Stephens Begins Ac
count of Men of the
Great Revolution.
An Immense Gathering
Held to Further New
Park System.
Executive Council of
Federation Examines \
Evidence.
Marchesini Sings at the
Tivoli Regardless
of Handicap.
King Sends His Good
Wishes to Command
ing Officer.
CARMEN WINS
DESPITE A COLD
TROOPS AID
INFURIATED
GOMEL MOB
EMPEROR ASKS
HUNGARIAN AID
FRENCH HISTORY
IN NEW COLOR
DEFERS ACTION
IN MILLER CASE
SPEAKERS PLEAD
FOR BOND ISSUE
CRACK ARTILLERY
COMPANY SAILS
THE SAN rBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
If the Mississippi Valley were as dense
ly populated as Massachusetts It would
have 330,000,000 inhabitants.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— The State De
partment to-day ---' received : a telegram from
United States Consul Hanna at Monterey,
Hex., • reporting that yellow fever has broken
out there.
Three Die at Hospital.
Three deaths occurred at the Emergency
Hospital yesterday.- John Clancy,; the
three-year-old boy who was run over by
a truck on Folsom street, died at 8 o'clock
in the morning. Peter Gange, a .middle
aged man. who suffered a stroke of ap
oplexy in Laurel Hill- Cemetery.; during
the day, passed away early in the' even-
Ing. Thomas Bassett; the contractor who
fell - from a building on Market street,
died at 8 o'clock from internal injuries.
Dies From a Fractured Skull.
Charles Sheehan, a painter aged 66
years, died at the City and County Hos
pital last night from a fractured skull.
Sheehan was found lying in the gutter at
Third and Folsom streets several days
ago. He was removed, to, the hospital,
but never regained conciousness. How
he received his injuries, is a mystery
which the police are at present endeavor-
Ing to fathom./ •";/
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall is booked for an
other of his interesting lectures on psychic
Bcicr.ce at Stcinway Hall Sunday night.
The scientist will take for his subject the
coining Sunday night "Clairvoyance," and
will show that the faculty is a natural
one, inherent in all human beings. He
trill show the great distinction between
clairvoyancy and mediumshlp, and tell of
the laws governing each. There will also
be seme interesting disclosures relating
to the methods of so-called "spirit mani
festation." A large audience is assured.
A demonstration in the higher psychic
phenomena will follow the lecture.
TyndalPs Lecture.
The first open meeting of the Outdoor
Art League will be held at the Sorosls
Club rooms on California street next
Monday at 3 o'clock. Among those who
will *p<»ak are- Rev. Father Cara'her. Mis*
Ina Coolbrlth and Mrs. H. H. Fassett.
All who are Interested In the work of the
. leasue are invited to attend the meeting.
Outdoor League to Meet.
Ryan Regains Health.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23.— Tommy Ryan, the
middle-weight champion boxer, has been
much disturbed r-bout the reports that
he is sufferinc with cancer of the stom
ach. To set all such stories at' rest, Ryan
to-day consulted Dr. Frank Beogher, Dep
uty Coroner, who makes the following
statement:
"I have examined Tommy Ryan and do
not find any malignant disorder. He is
rapidly rounding into ' r splendid physical
condition." "3SSS&B<33£
9BIG GERMAN VESSEL. NOW
DISCHARGING HER CARGO
OF NITER.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.j Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
September 23. 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
TO SAIL.
United Slates Coa^t and Geodetic Survey—
, Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlsrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 15
minutes latsr than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. "
Sun rises 6:59
Sun sets :...'. 6:03
Moon pets 8 :24 p. m.
C ITlmel ITImel Time Time
£ I— I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• |H W| (L W [H W I. W
23 0^55 5.3 C:2G 1.2 12:52 5.7i 7:04 O4
24 1:51 5.0 7:07 1.7 1:32 5.0 7:55 0.4
25 2:»i> 4.7 7:52 2.2 2.17 B.4I 8:3:J O.a
26 3:50 4.5 8.4S 2.6 3:04 6.2 9:55 O.«
27 4:57 4.4 0:50 2.9 3:57 4.0110:57 0.7
28 6:06| 4.4|ll:07| 3.1 4:50 4.7111:58 0.7
29 I 7:11| 4.5ll2:22i 3.1 <S:i>» 4.6f !.....
IL Wl H Wl L Wl IH Wl
30 >) 0:51j 0.7 8:0.t| 4.7j 1:251 2.9| 7:10| 4.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the' tides
the early morning tides are given in the leu
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are ia
nddltiou to 'he soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer. From. " • I Due.
Montara Port Harford Sept. 24
Redondo Humboldt Sept. 24
Chehalis Grays Harbor Sept. 24
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 24
Santa Koea... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 24
Point Arena.. Mendocino>& Pt. Arena Sept. 24
Queen Puget Sound Ports Sept. 24
Enterprise... Htlo Sept. 25
San Pedro San Pedro Sept. 25
Coronado Grays Harbor Sept. 25
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 25
Mlneola Tacoma Sept. 20
Cha*. Nelson. San Pedro Sept. 20
Corona Humboldt |Sept. 28
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 2tJ
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 27
Columbia Portland &. Astoria..,. Sept. 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 28
Doric China & Japan Sept. 23
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Sept. 28
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma ... Sept. 28
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept. 23
Rival Wiliapa Harbor ...... Sept. 28 I ¦
State of Cal.. San Dlrgo & Way Pts.. Sept. 28
Argo Eel River Ports.. Sept. 2!)
Pomona Humboldt .....Sept. £!>
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 29
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. i»
City Para.... New York via Panama. Sept. 30
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Alliance Portland & Way Pts.. Oct. 1
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 2
Nevadan Honolulu |Oct. 2
tJmatilla Puget Bound Ports. ... Oct. 4
Nippon Maru. China & Japan.... |Oct. a
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
V '.-!' September 24.
Lakme Humboldt ......... 12 mlP'.er 2
Chin* Wo.. China & Japan 1 pm|Pier 2f
6. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 10 am|Pler ' 2
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pmlPier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City.... .1 pmjPier 13
St. Paul.... Nome & Et Michael 2 pmlPier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier la
Luxor Hamburg & Way.. 2 pmlPier 11
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland 4 pm|Pitr 2
September 25.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt . .... 1:30 p Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor IPier ..
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPl»r 24
.September 20^ .
Mortara Seattle & Taeoma/T 4 pm Pier 9
C. Nelson... Astoria <fe Portland 12 m Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena....... 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 0 am I Pier 19
Eureka Humboldt 9 am | Pier 13
CHy Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Alameda... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 7
J Dollar Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
¦ •¦ September 2T. •
Mlnnetonka New York 'direct Pier 23
S.Rosa..... San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 19
September 2H. ¦
Centralia.. . Los Angeles' Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Corona..... HumboMt ..... l:3OjiPier 9
Queen .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
September SO.
North Fork. Humboldt .7. '..;... 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 amlPler 13
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor.. 4 pm Pier 10
September 3O. 1 .
Columbia... Astoria & Portland|ll amfPl/r 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro &'Way.| 9 amlPler 10
Rival. ... . . . Wiliapa Harbor . . | 4 pm|Pler 2
October 1. , I
Nebraskan.. Honolulu v Pgt S. ...... Pier 23
\ . : '.;¦ October V 3. !
Ranler Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPier 2 .
Newport. . . . N. Y. via • Panama.12 mlPicr 4O
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.lll amlPier 9
Centennial.*. Seattle & Tacoma. .110 amlPier 2
Alliance Portland & Wy Pts[ 5 pmjPler 16
FROM SEATTLE.
¦ Steamer. . ¦ For. ',...: Sails. .
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept 26
City Seattle.. Skagway' & Way Ports. SeptZtt
CityTopeka.: Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke.. Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 28
Dlrigo. . . . Skagway, & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Al-KI... ...v. Skagway &• Way: Ports. Oct. 1
Excelsior. ... . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. i
Cottage City. Swagway '& -Way - Pts. Oct. 2
Senator...... Nome,....'..'.". Oct. 3'
Ohlc. ........ Nome & St.. Michael... Oct. 3
Bertha. ...... Valdez & Way Ports.. [Oct. 7
The Koemos liner Luxor will eall to-day at
2 p. m. from Broadway wharf for London and
Hamburg, via Central and South American
port*. She takes a general cargo of mer
chandi**. a large part of which is lumber.
Among the passengers are 3. 11. Faraday,
Luxor Will Sail To-Day.
The schooner Defender was cleared yesterday
for Mahukona with an assorted merchandise
cargo, consigned to Honoipu and Puako, valued
at $11,994, and including the following:
150 bbls flour, 1515 ctls barley. 21,042 lbs
bran. 105 ctls wheat. 72G9 lbs middlings. 50
bales hay, 450 lbs sugar. 21 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 21 pkgs salmon. 8000 lbs salt, 1133
lbs beans, 4 cs spirits, 600 lbs lard, 20 bxs
parte, 19 cs baking powder, •' 43.834 ft lumber,
1202 posts. S pkgs millwork. 1317 ft hardwood,
3 pkga building material. 250 cs coal oil, 101
pkgs paints and oils, 30 sks coal, 5 pkgs paper,
13 coils rope, 13 pkgs furniture, 3 bales twine.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The British ship Port Patrick, now at Port
land, is chartered for lumber thence to Sydney
at 30s; British bark Duns Law, also at Port
land. Is chartered for wheat thence to Europe
at 21a 3d, with option of Delagoa Bay, char
tered prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping 1 Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Aztec Comes From Nome.
The steamship Aztec. Captain Groot, ar
rived yesterday. 13 days from Nome.
Drops Kate of Reinsurance.
Reinsurance on the Norwegian bark Cath
erine. 113 days from Puget Sound to Delogoa
Bay. dropped from 20 per cent to 10 per cent
yesterday.
No Hope f cfr Helen Brewer.
The long missing Helen Brewer Is now
practicably given up. It is expected that she
will be officially posted as missing on next
Wednesday. . ,7 - • .-. { :,._,¦ * •: . . ,>;- 1
Isis Comes Into Fort.
The German steamer Isls . of the Kosmos
line arrived from . Hamburg via Champerico
last night and went to anchorage at quaran
tine about 8 o'clock.
The French bark La Rochejaquelin, Captain
Durand. arrived yesterday, 148 days from
Swansea. She brings a cargo of 2966 tons of
coal consigned to E. C. Evans.
French Bark Arrives.
The TTnlted States hoepltal transport Solace
ciae into port yesterday and anchored eff
Folsom-ftreet wharf, where she remained ail
night, and to-day she will proceed to Mare Isl
and navy yard. Ehe waa In command of Cap
tain Frederick Singer. Ehe salied from Ma
nila on Aucost 23. She reports clear weather
and a line trir>. She brought forty-one eick
bluejackets and marines, thirty-nine prisoners
and thre« i&ssne soldiers. She also brought
4Ui sailor* and marines. Among this number
are twenty who have served their full time
und will be discharged at Mare Island.
H- ¦ A. Kixnball. the apprentice who was eo
severely hurt by hia fall on the Wisconsin
gome time ago, was one or the passengers on
the Solace. Ho is slowly improving, and from
present indications he will eventually entirely
rwpaln the use of his paralyzed limbs.
The Solace report* sighting a steamer on
f"-]if3j!i-r IS, but was unable to make any
communication with ber. She also reports
ppfakir.g the schooner Prosper, from San Fran
cisco, on the 21et inst., and exchanging signals
with her.
Following is a list of those aboard:
Lieutenant C. N. Offley, V. 8. N. engineer
officer: Lieutenant Thomas T. Craven, U. S.
N-; Chief Boatswain D. Glynn, TJ>* S. N.; Sur
reon F. J. K Oordelro, U. S. N. ; Paymaster
H.H. Biitnis. U. S. N.; First Lieutenant H.
C Snyder. V. 8. M. C. ; Pay Clerk R. B. WeaU
lake. D. 8. N.; Lieutenant Commander W. J.
Maxwell. V. S. N., executive; Lieutenant C.
England, U. S. N., navigator; Ensign W. F.
Brtcker. V. S. N.; Boatswain A. Whlpkey, U.
S. N.r Boatswain James La\-en, U. S. N. ;
Gunner O. E. Ren. U. S. N.; Gunner A. C.
Kail, ir. S. N. ; Carpenter C. P. Hand, U. S.
JC. ; P. A. Surgeon G. A. Guthrie, U. S. N. ;
Assistant Surgeon H. A. Dunn, U. S. N.: First
Lieutenant R. R. Wjdla.ee Jr., U. S. M. C. ;
First Lieutenant H. R. Lay. C. 8. M. C. : Sec
ond Lieutenant J. W. McClaskey, L\ S. M. C;
Warrant Machinist W. C Dronberger. U. S.
N. ; Lieutenant Commander J. H. Glennon, TJ.
P. N. : Lieutenant Commander J. F. 1 Luby, U.
fi. N.; Chief Sailmaker J. A. Long, U. S. N.;
Gunner G. L. Maliery. U. S. N. : Carpenter J.
•Tftcobson. V. S. N. ; Assistant Surgeon R. K.
McClanahan, U. S. N.; Lieutenant Colonel O.
C. Berryman, U. P. M. C. : Second Lieutenant
GII*« Bishnp Jr.. IT. S. M. C; Second Lieuten
ant E. B. Miller, U. S. M. *C: J. R. Douglass, j
E. J. Morse, D» B. Jameson, James Walsh. H.
Pumm. O. Bergqui*t. O. Quanrtran. Chan I
ChotiK. Mrs.-G. Bishop Jr.. Mrs. W. E. Stiles.
Mre. J. R. Pouslas and child. Mrs. H. ,gumm
and infant. Mra. J. W. Corwln and three
«1aucbtern, Mrs. G. Warrell and daughter. Mrs.
X: W. Brotherton. Sim R. K. Alden, Mrs. J.
VV Murray a»d three children.
Hospital Transport Arrives.
— %
The British ship Loch Long, from New Cal-.
edonia to Clyde, was put on the overdue list*
yesterday. She is now out 147 days. Her re-
Insurance rate is 25 per cent.
Added to Overdues.
The China Commercial Company's steamer
Ching Wo called for Japan and Hongkong
with C00O tons of freight and 185
Chinese and Japanese steerage passengers.
Ching Wo Sails for the Orient.
The schooner Mizpah arrived yesterday from
Bristol Bay, Alaska. On September 7. when
In Unimak Pass, she reports having spoken
the shipo Santa Clara and Oriental and the
barges Coalinga, Himalaya and Reaper.
Mizpah Arrives Prom Alaska.
The big German steamship Uarda. which
is lying in the stream, was surrounded all day
yesterday by a swarm of scowe and tugs, all
busily engaged in discharging h*r cargo of
niter. She will load at Puget Sound ports
for Hamburg.
Working Hard to Unload TJarda.
A dispatch from New Tcrk dated Septem
ber 22 states that the cargo of coal from the
bark Undaunted, previously reported, was for
warded by the chip C. S. Bement, which sail
(<\ from Newport News September 21 Tor San
Francisco.
Transfers Her Cargo.
wife and two children. Faraday has be*n in
terested in the banking business in Honolulu,
but is now going into a large mining con
cern in Lima, Peru.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Wednesday, September 23.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin, 28 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Xoyo, Ellefsen, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. .
Stmr South Coast, Olscn, 16 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 84 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor. ;
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy. 11 daya from ICome.
Stmr Francis H Leggctt, Jahnsen, 6 -days
from Astoria.
Stmr Prentiss, Ohlstrom, 18 hours from
West port.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 40 hours from Slus
law.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 20 days from Pa
nama, via Mazatlan 5 days 17 hours 20 mln.
Stmr Aztec, Porter, 13 days from Xome.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 10 hours from
Greenwood; up river direct.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Montara. Rellly, 23 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, 15 hours from Needle
Rock.
U S stmr Solace, Singer,. 32 days from Ma
nila, via Honolulu 7 days.
Ger stmr Isls, Groot. 109 days from Ham
burg, via Cliamr>erlco 10 days.
Tug Sea Witch, Johnson, 33 hours from San
Pedro.
Ship Standard, Getchell, 25 days from Bris
tol L'ay.
Fr bark La Rochejaquelin, Durand, US
days from Swansea.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola. 3 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Webfoot, Lewis, 5 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Newark, Reinertsen, 15 hours from
Phelps Landing.
Schr Onward, Odignessen, 7 days from Co
quille River.
Scnr Oakland, Brown, 7 days from Tilla
mook.
Schr Manila, Saxe, 11 days from Port Lud
low.
Schr Mizpah, Nelson, 23 days from Bristol
¦ CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 23.
Stmr UmatiHa. Nopander, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Slate of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. :
Br etmr Ching Wo, Parkinson, Hongkong
and way ports; China Com SS Co.
•¦r Br Etmr Vermont, Haynes, Portland; J J
Moore & Co.
Schr Defender, Hellingsen, Mahukona; Hind,
Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, September 23.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfleld, Eureka.
Stmr UmatiHa, Nopander, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, Greenwood. - .
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, Crescent Cltx.
Stmr Brunswick. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Brooklyn, Higgins. . Fort. Bragg.
Br Etmr Ching Wo, Parkinson, Hongkong,
etc.
Br «tmr Wellington, McKellar, Ladysmith.
Br chip Marion Lightbody, Corinier, Liver
pool. '
Br bark Rowena, Mackay. London.
Bktn Retriever, Sloane. Port Hadlock.
Schr Defender, Hellingsen, Mahukona.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, . Bodega.
Schr Mabel Gale, Hellqulst, Portland.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen. Sluslaw River.
SPOKEN^
Per Btmr Artec — Sept 20, 230 miles off San
Francisco, bark Himalaya, from Bristol Bay
for San Francisco, steering ESE.
Per echr Mizpah— Sept T. in Unimak Pasa,
ship fc'cnta Clara, from Bristol Bay, for San
Francisco; ship Oriental, from Bristol Bay, for
San Francisco; barks Coalinga, Himalaya and
Reaper, all for San Francisco.
Aug 28, lat 14 Ion 22 W. Ger bark Thek
la, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
" - TELEGRAPHIC.
. POINT - LOBOS, Sept 23. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON— Arrived Sept 23— Schr Gem, from
San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG-^Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Sept 22.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Sept 23 — Ger ship
Alice, for Port Blakeley.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 23—
Stmr San Pedro, from , and sailed for San
Francisco.
. BRISTOL BAY— To sail Sept 10— Ship MP
Grace. Sept ¦ 12 — Stmr Geo F Haller, for San
Francisco. •
COOS BAT— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka ; schr Western Home, : hence 4th.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Ri
val,-hence Sept '19. : ; ¦: " ¦:".¦'
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Sept 22, . 7 "a . m—
J. %
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The eteamer Chlnff Wo was cleared yest».-r
day for Hongkong, via Yokohama, Kobe and
Moji, with an assorted cargo, valued at $.123,
657, and distributed as follows: For Japan,
143,084; China, $76,»73; India, $3600. The lead
ing shipments were as follows:
To Japan — 755 bbls flour. 4008 ctls wheat.
S77.S.10 lbs nitrate, 35 rolls . leather. 37 pkgs
groceries and provisions, CtiO lbs butter, 30 cs
canned goods, 23 cs paints, 700 bxs soap, 4123
piKs lead, 34 tons tan bark.
To China— 13,250 bbls Hour, 93,782 lbs dried
fi>h. 17.J.7OO lbs shrimp shells. 14.871 lbs coITee.
4 pkgs tea. SOUO lbs pearl barley, 50 bxs fresh
fruit. S pkgs groceries and provisions, 1 pkR
dry roods. 10 coils wire, 30,130 lbs brass, 2"Jti
bblf> IS cs class. 77 pk?s iron. .
To India— 1S.800 lbs hops.
Exports f of the Orient.
5 pkgs dry goods, 3 bdls pipe, 5 pkgs nails, 12
mules, 61 pkgs iron, 2 pkgs machinery, 8S0O
gals distillate, 150 bbls lime, 57,000 lbs cement.
Kcllowicg were the cabin passengers:
¦\Vermc-r Krauss, J. H. N'oyts, Rev. M. P.
Smith, Rev. J. P. Ryan, Mrs. E. F. Man
bury, A. F. Dcvereaux, Mrs. A. F. Dev
rreaux, C. O. RehslofT, T. IL Smith, M.
P. McDonald, G. K. Richard, J. A. Xuriez,
Mrs. J. A. N'uacz, Miss Stella Nunez,
Miss Graselia Nuccz, Miss Maria Nunez,
Fred Gerlach. Mrs. F. Gcrlach, Miss R,
Cerenado, Colonel S. Lusky, Mrs. O.
Lusky, Miss Loidwilo L.u«ky. Miss Ben
jamina Lusky, Miss Blanch jLusky, Miss
O!ga Lusky, Serge L.Uoky.1 Alexander
Lusky, Juan Laemaa, Salvador Quant
and C. I3elkf-n.
She brought 850 tons cf freight and also
J44.CO9 in her treasure box in the shape
cf lifty-six bars of gold and silver bul
lion. -
She brings accounts of the loss of the
British ship Wemyss Bay at Mazatlan.
which vessel was driven ashore by a
Eudden squall and became a total loss at
that port- The "Wemyss Bay. in command
of Captain McLaren, sailed from New
castle, Australia, on July 14, with a car
go of coal bound for Mazatlan. She came
to anchorage at her port of destination
en September 1Z. The -weather was fine
srjd clear end she began making arrange
ments lor the discharge of her cargo.
On the afi-crnccn cf ths 16th, suddenly
end without the slightest warning, a ter
rific squsll came up and struck, the ves
sel •with tremendous force." causing her
to dra? her anchors, and before assist
ance could re^ch her, she was thrown
broadside 02 the rocks at the base of
the Creston Island lighthouse. A3 she
struck the rocky diflf a huge -wave hit
fcer a crushing blow and threw her on her
beam end?. Yhe captain and crew aban
doned her ar.d when lust seen by tha of
ficers of the Newport the waves were
swashing and surginy around her, and
as the breakers struck her great columns
of water were forced up through her
hatches, which gave her the appearance
cf a great whale spouting in the open
ocean. Vessel and cargo are reported to
be a total less.
The Xevrport reports that the weather
was fine all the way up the coast.
THE Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's Newport arrived yesterday,
twenty days from Panama. She
docked shortly after 2 o'clock in
the afternoon.
Game Law Violators Punished,
Chief "Deputy Fish Commissioner Vogel
sang reports that Justice of the Peace
Price of Santa Maria fined J. G. Shreve
$25 yesterday fo*r killing a doe. Justice
of the Peace Braden of Laytonville fined
John Roso $25 yesterday for shooting a
fawn. Justice of the Peace Bransford
of Red Bluff held Lloyd Cunningham for
trial yesterday for having fresh salmon
in his possession. The minimum penalty
for this offense is a fine of $200. .
Raven. Publisher Acquitted.
Theodore Lowe, publisher of the Raven,
a monthly paper, was the defendant in
a case of obtaining money, by false pre
tenses before Police Judge Cabaniss yes
terday. The complaining witness was
Mrs. Fannie Thoroughman, who. alleged
that Lowe obtained $200 from her by rep
resenting that the paper was a profitable
investment, which was untrue. After
hearing the evidence the Judge dismissed
the case.
PARIS. Sept. 23.— The body of James L.
Ferriere. who was connected with the Paris
of flee of the Associated Pre£s, and who died
suddenly on Sunday, and that of his wife,
who In a lit of distraction took her life soon
afterward, were burled side by side to-day in
Bagneux Cemetery.
'Sun, Moon and Tide.
Chatsworth Tunnels Are Completed.
VENTURA, Sept. 23.— The contractors
have completed the work on the South
ern Pacific tunnels at Chatsworth. The
tunnels have a combined length of about
five miles and the Southern Pacific ex
pects to have the coast line trains run
ningvover the route not later than No
vember. The rails have been laid to the
eastern approach of the largest of the
three tunnels and track lay-frig- through
the tunnel will begin next week. A steel
bridge more than one mile in length will
replace the wood structure across the
Santa Clara River.
COLOMBO — Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Keemun,
from Tacoma, for Liverpool. ¦•;
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Vic
toria, from Tacoma. Sept 20— Stmr Korea,
hence Sept 3.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Sept 20 — Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco. Sept 22 — Stmr San
Juan, for Panama.
PORT P1KIE— Arrived Sept 21— Br bark In
vermark. from Port Blakeley.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Sept 22— Schr Alert,
from Grays Harbor.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Sept 23 — Br
stmr Tartar, from Vancou\-er.
SAMARANG — Sailed Sept 17 — Br stmr As
cot, for Liverpool.
EASTERN PORTS.
FOREIGN PORTS,
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Yuca
tan, for Colon.
NEWPORT NEWS— Sailed Sept 21— Ship
Clarence S Bement. for San Francisco. ,
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 22— Bktn S N Cas.
tic for San Francisco; srhr Allen A, for Ma
hukona. Sept 23— Ger ship Lita, for Pugct
Sound.
Arrived Sept '23 — Stmr Sonoma, hence Sept
17 for Sydney.
Stmrs Montara, for San Francisco. Sept 23, 7
a m, strar Bonlta. fop San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 23 — Stmr Mackinaw,
for S; % .n Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway.
Sailed Sept 2.">— Stmr Valencia, for Xome;
stmr Meteor, for Xome. Sept 22— Stmr Nome
City, for Valdez.'
Arrived Sept 23— Jap stmr Aki Maru. from
Yokohama.
Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Alliance, for Port
land, hence Sept 19.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 23— Bark Coloma,
for -Ta coma; echr Wawona, for T.Vlllapa Har
bor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 23— Schr H
D Bendtxsen. for San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 23— Schr Alert,
from Grays Harbor.
TATOOSH— Passed in Sept 23— Schr Ad
miral, from San Pedro, for Tacoma.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Sept 23— Schr H D
Bendlxpen. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 23— Ger stmr Eva,
hence Sept 20.
ISLAND PORT.
I The British Consul yesterday paid the
I clerk of the United States District Court
! yesterday the fines of $50 each imposed
! upon Tim Summerly, John Phelan, S. A-.
i Peterson, John Wilson and Tilly Jorgen
{ son oi:t of the moneys due them. They
j were convicted of smuggling 100 pounds
of white lead from the British ship Dum-
J riesshire. Summerly, had only $45 75 eom
*ng to him. This sum was paid, but Sum
j merly will be obliged to remain In jail
; thirty days and then take the pauper's
i oath with respect to the $425.
Sailors Pay Their Fines.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 23.— The evening
train from Los Angeles came very near
being piled up in a ditch just this side
of . Encinitas 'this evening, but escaped
with a badly battered engine. As the train
rounded the turn coming down from En
cinitas Engineer Pitman saw a loose draw
head on the track. The train was on the
down grade and traveling fast. The en
gine passed over the heavy chunk of iron,
which badly damaged the works under
neath and broke many of the connections.
Tho tender and baggage car were like
wise damaged and two wheels of the front
truck of the mail car were throv/n off
the track. It was more than a thousand
yards from where the obstruction was
first struck where the train was finally
stopped. Had there been a more seriou3
derailment the train with its 125'passen
gers must have been piled up. in the
ditch with serious Ices "of \\.ts. A section
gang had to be sent back from Del Mar
to remove the drawhead,. as Conductor
ClegK, who went back to look at it, could
not move it. I
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
The directors of the.. Bakersfleld , and
Ventura Railroad are Major. H. M. Rus
sell, J. M. Herbert, vice-president and
general manager of the Colorado South
ern Railway: J. W. Bursen of Ventura,
A. M. Sanford cf Denver, Eben Smith
and Jervais Purceli.
Surveying parties of the company have been
Quietly at work for some time running their
lines for the through road to San Francisco
north from Sunset, by way of. San Jose, and
south to Los Angeles from Hueneme. A tol
erably complete right of" way between the two
cities has already been secured. The line will
ultimately be electric, although it is likely
that at first the company will use ateam.
Standard cause tracks are to be laid the en
tire distance. ."• •/;
After eighteen months of hard work we arc
able to announce the ultimate aim of the com
pany, which is to build a through electrio line
from Lts Angeles to San Francisco, equipped
with the latest rolling-stock and constructed
for making fast time. The acquisition of
rights of way between Hueneme and Sunset
through Sespe- and the sale of our bonds make
Immediate construction of the line between"
these two points possible. We are rushing
track work from Bakeisfleld to the coast and
that f>art cf the system will soon be complete.
We have all our contracts made and rails are
on the way. Grading has begun on the Hue
neme section. '¦'¦£'' i
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 23.— Through its
vice president, Major IT. M. Russell, the
Bakersfield and Ventura Railroad Com
pany has announced Its purpose to build
a railroad from this city i to San Fran
cisco by way of Bakersfield. Major Rus
sell has just returned from the East,
where he floated . $3,500,000 of the
company's bonds to provide funds for the
construction of the first section of the
proposed line, •
Major Russell said of the plans of his
company:
Passengers Receive a Fright
but Fortunately Escape
Injury.
Bonds to Provide Funds for
Construction Work Are
Floated.
Serious Wreck Is Nar
rowly Averted Near
Encinitas.
Capitalists Propose to
. Build Line From
Los Angeles.
ENGINE STRIKES
IRON DRAW HEAD
NEW RAILROAD
TO ENTER CITY
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, THTJBSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
Coast Steamship Arrives From Panama With Full Particulars of
Disaster That Caused Total Wreck of Ship. With. Her Cargo
of Coal as She Was About to Be Discharged at Mazatlan
OFFICERS OF NEWPORT TELL
ABOUT LOSS OF WEMYSS BAY
10
SOUTHERN' PACIFIC
Tr.ln. l-ftTJfiSgKfc .«—
(Main Ltae. Toot of MarHet Street)
~m<n - From &*rzxxnx* 'i, l'JOX - a»»it» '
}X0a Benlcl*. Sutsun. Klmlra, »ad 8»cr«r
mento VslS
7430* V«c»TlUe. Winter*. Banner....... 7-2ir
740a MsrUnez, Ban Ramon. ValleJ*
. Naps. C»Httoe«. 8«au Ro»« 8-25?
7450a KIIct. Lltermore. Latnrop. Stock-
?on ....• /•**'
1.00a D«t1s. Woodland. KnlitliU UndUfc
M«rr«TlIle. OroTtUe (connect.
»tM«ry»Tllle for Grtdley.Bl«» 7^ 5p
800a AtlanUcExpfess^Ogdeni'ad'EMsl 10.25*
8 00a Pert Cost*, Martinez, Antloch. Bj-
ron.Tncy.8tocltwn.8acramento,
Los Baaos, Mendota, lUufoxd,
Vlsaila. PorterTlllo 4.2W
Goshen Junction, Hanford. \ir
salia, Bakersfleld .............;.. 5.23*
tFrnto. Ked Blnff. Portlnnd...... 7.5 V
8 30* NUes. San Joue. Ll»ermore. StoeK-
ton.Ion«.S»cr»raento.Fl»cerv!:io.
MarysTille. Cblco. Red Bluff. .... 4-ZSF
840a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. Bo-
°^ U n ora,TaoTnraneandAn8els 42|f
9.00a Martlneiaad Way Station* ,2211
1000a Vallejo IZZW
10 00a El Paso Passenger. Eastbonad.—
Port Costa. Martinex. Byron.
Tr»cy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. FTesno, Haa-
fcri. Vlsaila, Bslcersfleld. Loa
Augeles and El Paso. (Westr
bound srriTesTU Coast Line)... «1.3t>
1000a Tho OrerUnd Llmlied - Ogdea,
Dearer, Omaha, Chicajto. Ssl
12.C0* Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.25F
11 OOr Bacrsmento River Steamers til.OG?
3.30r Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams. Colnsa.WU-
low», Kntjrhts Landing. Marja-
Tllle, OroTlIle and way stttlcns.. 10 5a*
830* Hay ward. Nlles and Way 8t»tJon».. 7 55p
400r MarUne2.SanRsmon.ValleJo.Ntpa, •
Calistoga. 8»nt»Ro»a ... ,"*"?*
4.0Or MarUnez.Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 1025a
4 Car Nile*. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. *-Zfr
440f Bayward. Ntlea. Irvlagton. Saa » .I?.55*
Jose. LJ^ennore I XILoSa
BtOr Tho Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersteld. Los Angeles » 55a
B4J0» Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Los
Banos 'S??'
t5 .30* Hayward. Nlles and San Jos« «'-2§a
6. OOr Uayward. Nile* and San Jom 10-25*
6 OOr Oriental Mall— Odden. Oony«r.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Bcnlda. Sul-
tan. Elmlra, Darls, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfaz.
Truckee. Boca, ktao, Wads-
worfli, Wlnnemieei, Battla
Mountain. Elko 4.25r
».. Beno, Truckee, Sacramento, Davis.
Eulsun, Benlcia, Port Costa ' 7.55a
6. OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I j 53.
7CC? Vallejo. Sunday only f ""
7X0* 6»n Pablo. Port Costa. Martinex -~ mmm
and Way Stations. 112S*
I.OSr Oregon ft California E.ipress— Sae-
. . - ramento. Uary »t1!1<». Beddlsv. _ „
Portland. Puget Soucd and Eaat. 8-55*
i.lOr Bayward, NUet and Sac Jose (San-
dayonly) 11.65*
11.26* Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
semlte). Fresno, U*.nford. Vlr
galla. Bakersneld 12 2S>
COAST LINE (Harrow «iao««).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Cru* Excursion 'Sunday
only) *.10»
81 5* Newark. Centenrllle. Ssn Jose.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa .
• Craz and Way Stations ... 8-25»
t2 15r Newark. CenterTllle. Ban Jose.
New Almaden. Los Gato*,FeUon.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crax and
Principal Way Stations 10 55a
4-1Sr Newark. San Jose, Los Oatoa and
way station* (on Satntday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from S<inta>
Cru*). Connects »t Fettoa to
and from Boulder Cr^rk T8-55 »>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 8A3 KKA.NCIStU, rout of Market St. (S!!p*>
— r>:13 I:GU 11:C0a.M. 1.00 3 CO S.1&P.X.
Tzmn OAKLAND, root <>f Broadway — 1»:00 J3:0»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 00 r m.
COAST LINE (Broad Ma»««).
IJf"(fnlrd and To'nmend Streets.)
6-10a San Joee and Way Stations 8 30p
17 00a San Jose and Way Stations 5 3S?
7.15* Monterey and Santa Cruz Excor-
slon (Sunday only) 830r
8-00* New Almaden (Tue«.. Frtd.. only). ,4-IOr
• X0* ConntLtne Limited — Stops only San
Joar. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
Uster), Pajaro. Castrovllle. Sa-
linas. Ssn JltiIo. Paso Roblee.
EantaMarBiirlr*. San Lull Oblspo,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saugn*
and Lo* Angeles. Connection at
CastroTtlle 10 and from Monterey
and Pacific- Grove 10-48*
t.OOA S»n Jose. Tres Plnos, Capitoia,
SantaCruz,Paclflr.GroTe,S4lIn.<u,
8an Lu'.s Obixpo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4 1f)»
•0-30* San Joie and Way Stations 1 20*
11.00* Cemetery Pasaenrer — South Baa
Francisco. San Bruno I.CGr
1130a Santa Claro. ban Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Station* 7.30r"
•1.30p Ssn Jo«e and Way Stations x700?
2C0r San Jose and Way Sutlons 59 40*.
2.30P Cemelery Passenger — South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 4.35*
Ti.COr Del Monte Kxprf«» — Santa Clara.
San Jose. Del Montr. Monterey,
Pacific Urove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Itouider
Creek and Narrow Gauxe Points) f 1 215*
• ¦3Dr Pacific GroTe and Way Stations—
Hurllns;:imr,SRn Mateo.Ucdwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, May find.
Mutr.uain View. Lawrence. Snnta
Clara. San Jose. 'Ul'.roy. IIollls-
ter, Tres Pinos), Pajnro. Wat.«on-
Ttlle. C'apltola, Santa Cruz. Ca*-
troTllle, Salinas IOMSa
4-S0> Ean Jose and Way Station* 8 33*
bXOr ban Josr. ( vl» Santa Clara) Loa
Uatos. Wrlgat and Principal Way
Stations (except Sonday) 9 00*
tp-3Cr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations t8.0CA
tfc-T&P San Mateo, Brresford.ReImonl.9aa
Carlos, liedwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto... t9 45f
6.3Cr San Joce and Way Stations. 8-38*
7-OOr Snnset Limited. Eautlwund.— Saa
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Dnnlne. Kl Paso. Se*
Orleans. New fork. (Westbonnd
srrlTcs»l» 5>»n Jo»iala Vallry)... ir82SA
8.C0P Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
11.30P South Saa Francisco, umbrae.'
Burltngame. San Mateo. Bel-
mont, Saa Carlos, Redwood, , a «.
Fair Oaks, Menlo Par'i. Palo • ISlct
Alto. Mayfleld. Monntaln View. «»•«»**
Sunnyvaie. Lawrence. Santa
- Clra and San Joae )
A for Morning. ¦ P f or Afternoon,
X Saturday and Sunday only. $ Snnday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday,
t Snnday excepted. a Saturday only.
' Via Coast Line. te Via San Joaquia Valley.
6 Reno train eastbonnd discontinued.
DT"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. »cuthhoun4
areb;10*.M.. t7:00*JS..ll:l« A.M.. 2:cWr»«. and 5:30 p.lt,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave m Siasauta ferry Arrive
SsasFran. Issi sf Mark* ft Saa Kran.
Wcctc Sun- Sttiv VV'cquK
»:45a 8:OOa fi3»SE»!3a 1S:OOn t»: lil
l:4Sr »:0Oa \&jjSS>tt&y ia:aUrt3:3o F
Bsl5r 1O:OOa V^SaJ^aT 3:3Or 5:5Oy
fctart»r» nlj, issts Tmra » 8;3.Oy.irrrrsU. tl:3Op
TICUI I •» Masxxt St. (North Shore Ratlrosul)
A7H6B I and Saosaixto Pkbkt - Foot Mark* St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A UK1UT KJibTOKA.TlVE. UiVIUOUJk..
tor and Nenr lae.
The moat wor-lerful aohrodUiao and SmcU!
Tonlo for the BrswTi Organs, tor beta sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Dlaeaae. of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Bella on Its own merUaT
NABER. AI-K8 * BRUNK. AxiStsT^^
•23 Market su. 3. F — (Send for CtrcuUrma
RAILWAY TBAVEIh
(ppp^aTO SA7i RAFAEL
K®K^IH SAf ' QUENTIN,
pgppi MILL VALLEY,
J^^rar^^i CAZADERO, ETC.
I Sausalito Ferry
AVEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— «:45,
t*":45 8:45, »:45- 11 a. m., 12:20. -1:45, 3:15.
4:15, t5:15. •t>:15, 6:45, 9, 11:45 p. m. •
i 7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8, t'U, t*10, 11. IMi'JO t;rm;,'tl2:30, f*l:30,
2:3.">. »3:50. 5. «, 7:30, 0, : 11:45 p. m. -
: Trains < marked (•) run . to San Quentln.
These marked (1) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs ti Fairfax. : ¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-i-Week days — 6:25, J6:25, 7:40, JS:15, JO:r»,
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20, J3:45, 4:50, 5:30, 0:45
10:20 r>. m
SUNDAYS— 0:15. 7:35. JS: 10, 5:40 }10:55,
tit MS 'ft. m., 12:50, 2:30. J3:25. 4:40, J5:50,
6:55, 7:35. ,10:20 p. m. ,". . . ¦
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40, 7:45, 8:25
0:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40, 2:45. 4:15, 5:10. 7:03
10:40 p. m. i
. SUNDAYS— «:35.7;65. 10, 11 :10^a. m.. 12-05
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4:58, 0:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m. •-"
:;."> THROUGH. TRAINS.
7:45 a.' m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m., week days. (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales ; and way stations. ¦ ...
. 3:15 . p. . m., Eaturdays-^-Cazadero and way
stations. '. . ",• .
Sundays and Legal. Holidays — 8 a, m., Caza-
dero and way stations. •
Sundays and Legral Holidays — 10 a. m... Point
Reyes and .' way . stations. ''^TfJStmBtl
, TICKET. OFFICE— <2fl Market sc
: FERRY — Foot of Market at.
I Where Does It Go? I
I That is a question we are asked every day — |
|. where does the Rock Island System go? The i
I answer is: Pretty nearly everywhere east of :
I the Rockies and west of Chicago. L
y From Denver to Peoria and Chicago. •;!
« From El Paso to Kansas City and Chicago. |J
|j From Ft. Worth to St. Paul and Minneapolis. jj
I It is nearly 8,000 miles long; runs through 4
I fourteen States and Territories and operates ?
I the most extensive, system of through cars of j
i any line crossing the continent. jl
13 ' Our time table and our folder "Across the Conti- * j
H VPM^^3^^?a^&/ nent in a Tourist Sleeping Car** give full information; •;»
fl R^t3^lnHlMB at all Southern Pacific ticket officei. |j
1 F " W ' THOMPSON *' G eaeral Western Agent, g
9 HLWi HTlWir wffl 6i 3 Market Street, San Francisco. H
,.-,-.—— I
p«« in 1 ¦ ¦"¦—-¦^
Your Trip East.
Perhaps you came from the East
and are now planning to go back. If
you came over our line yon know how
good the service is, the comfort and
convenience of our tourist sleeping
cars, and how oar special conductor
assisted in making the trip easy and
interesting.
WHY NOT GO BACK
WITH US?
I am here to arrange all the details
for yon. We have tourist parties
which leave for Chicago, St. Louis
and Boston every week by way of
Salt Lake City, through glorious
Colorado by daylight and via Denver.
You can stop over at interesting places
it you wish, as one of the excursions
has been so arranged.
Kindly drop me a line, saying just
when you are going and what you would
like to do, and I will see that you are
thoroughly posted. Then, if you wish,
I will reserve a sleeping berth for you
and see that yon are comfortably
started on your journey.
W. 0. SANBORM, Gen'l Agt. Burlington Route,
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
S43
y >** " ' .I - 1
VL §;J* ¦ J - Am - tl
CALIFORNIA §
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
leare* Mo»d« jr» *ad Thnnday* at 9- SO «.ra. H
Through la S d«y j with Diocrs sad all trepplnfi. fcl
Our ether trains go at Ij
7:30am 1 for Stockton, Fresno, c
t :30am > Bakersfield. Merced. ; ', ||
8:00PM) Hinford, Vlsalla. f/ B
4:00pm for Stockton. A
l:09nt for Kansas City and Chicago. R
Office. 641 Market St., and ia Ferry n
Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. H
Trains leave Maritt Sir eet Firry. g
CALIFORNU N08THWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAT COMPANY.
Titmron Ferry, Toot of Market St.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SA1T EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. S:0O 9:00 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS — 7:3(>. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. ll:3O p. m.
SAW KAPASL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:CT» 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, '2:00. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20,
0:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:3O 7:3.". 9:2f>. 11:15 a m. ; 1:43
3:10. 4:50. 5:«X>. 5:20. G:1O. G:25 p'. m.
•Except Saturdays.
I>eave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 19ft*. |San Francisco.
Week I Pun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days, j days. | tion. | days. I Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a S:C0a . 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:<i0a !>:3Da Ignacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:1*0 p
5:10 p! 5:10 p «:2O p 7:25 p
I 7:25 p
7:30 at -7 :30 a i 7T45I1 "YT45~a
8:0Oa| 8:(Xi a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20a
2:30 p 0:30a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 r 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p| Santa Rosa. 1
7:30a 7:30a 10:20 all0:2O a
8:00 a 8:0Oa . Fulton. 7:25 p| 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p "¦"•"¦. " I 7:25 p
Windsor, I
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburgr. [10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Oeyserville, I7:25p 7:25 p
I Cloverdale. |
7:30 a 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a !10:20~a
2:30 p 2:30 pj and Uklah. |7:25p|7:25p
7:30 a| 7~:30~al Willlts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 a| 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p] Guernevllle. | 7:25 p 6:20 p
S:00a| 8:C0a| Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 pj Glen Ellen. | 6:U0pj 6:20 p
~7:3O~ar7:3O~a| 110:20 allo720 a
2:3upj 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| tt:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
seri-Ule for Ska pes Springs; at Cloverdate for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake.
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'n,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptcbe, Camp
Stevens-. Hopkins. Mendoctno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Covello.' Layton-
ville Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harrla, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. <
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. 65O Market street. Chronicle
building.
H C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
• Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa Agt.
Jhe Weekly Call
81 per Year.EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...¦ 42,200 11500
Wheat, bushels 283,475 113,650
Corn, bushels 6-18.270 405,800
Oats, busheli 2S1.500 105,900
Rye, bushels 20,000 2.S0O
Barley, bushels 188.800 7.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, lli@21V£c; dairies,
14ifisu,c. Cheese, stronc, 10Vi@lliic. Eggs,
steady, 18£fll>c.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Oix^ning tt ;iVa ¦- 6 .1% <• 4vi
Closing 6 3V4 « 3% « 4&
PARIS."
Wheat— "Sept. -Jan. -A pi.
Opening 21 30 21 30
Cloelng 21 25 . 21 20
Flour —
Opening 31 65 2S 30
Closing 31 80 . 28 10
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreets
show the following changes In i available eup
plies as compared with last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
Rockies. Increase, 2.179.000; afloat for and ln
Europe, Increase. 2.600,000; total supply in
crease. 4.779.000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increase. 1,369,000 bushels
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 603,000 bushels.
Proi'isions.
Chicago was somewhat lower again with
the packers running the market. There was
no further change here.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12V4c per lb for
heavy. 13c for .light medium 15c for light.
15>,6c for extra light. 17V4c for 'sugar-cured and
lSV£c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15HQ15%c: California Hams 15
enSVie; Mess Beef. $11 r.O per bbl: extra Mess
$12!S12 50; Family. $13@t3 50; prime Mess
Pork. $10; extra clear, $25; Mess $20- Dry
Salted Pork. 12V4c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs* Feet,
$5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%'c per lb for
compound and 10>^(?J10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. ll@llV4c; 10-lb tins HV4@llVic:
5-lb tins. U%c; 3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. 0V4c; one tierce. 9%c; two tlercea
9Vic; five tierces. 9Vsc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9 ; >ic; medium. 8%C; light -" 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, 8%c; Salted Veal, 9Hc-
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15<&15%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 250
30c each; short wool, 40©50c each; medium, 70
©90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
rait. $2 75 for large and $202 50 for medium,
$1 25® 1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. fl 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry . Mexican. 32VJc; dry salted
Mexican, 2Gc; dry Central American. 32V6c.
Goat Skins — Prime .Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth 5'ic; medium. 35c ; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4H@4%o per lb;
No. 2, 4®4V4c; grease. 2V4@3e.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lamba', 3@
12c- Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County. 11® 13c
Quotations for spring clip aro as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18fi20c; Nevada, 13
015c; Valley Oregon, fine. lS@19c; do, medium.
1701Sc: do. coarse, 16@17c per lb.
HOPS — 22@2Gc per lb for California and 19
@23c for Oregon.
¦ BAGS — Grain Bags. 5@5V4c: San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece, Twine. 7*44*
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6V£c. 6%c and 7Vic for
the three grades; Brown Jute, «V4@7V4c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New
lington. $8: Seattle. $15 50; Bryant. $0 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50: Stanford, $7: Rcslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 SO; 'Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
General Merchandise.
Local securities continued quiet, with few
fluctuations. Spring Valley Water was higher
at $S1 50 and Hutchlnson Sugar sold down to
$13. The oil storks were very dull.
The New San Francisco Crude Oil Company
has levied an assessment of 5 cents, delinquent
October 20.
The Gould & Curry Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10 cents per share.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask. - Bid.Ask.
43 qr coup.. — — 4s qr c (new) — —
! Is qr reg .... — — 3s qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
! Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s .... — 111
i liay CPC f.s. 101 Vt 105 Do con 5s. 10.1 105
i Cal C G 5s..lO3Vi — OWCgSs— —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 8s — —
m & ct 5s. — — ¦ Om cr R 6s. — —
Cal-st 5s — — Pac G Im 4s — —
C C Wet 5s. — — P E Ry 58.. — —
Ed L & P 6s. — — P & C R 6s. — —
F 4 C H fe — — P & O R 6». — —
G»ary-st 5?«. . — — jPowell-st 6». — —
HC & S 5>4s — — |S E G&R 5s — 103
H C & S Ss.lOO 1O2H'SF & SJV 5s.l20^ —
Hen R T fis.lOfiVilOS S R of C 6s. — —
L A Flee 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. 115V4117 (1900) 107'410S
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) — —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C «8
Do gtd 5s. — — <190«)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. 101 — (lBO5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s.llS — H90«) — —
Do lem 5s — 115V; (1B12) — —
NRR of C «s107Vs107?b SPC 1 eg 5». — 11»
NRC of C 5s — — Do stmpd .10S —
NPCR6s. — — | S P B R 6s — —
I N C P. 5s... — — S V Wat 6a. — 106
X C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm.l00 —
N S R 5s... — lOOVi Do 4s 3dm. — 100
O G L H 5s. — 110 IStkn GAG fis — —
OTCofs... - 121 lU G & E 5s. — •—
! WATER STOCKS.
i Contra Costa 40 50 1 Port Costa . — —
j Marin Co ...60 — (Spring Val.. 8»Vi S4*;
1 GAS AXD ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4% 5 Sac E O * R — _
Eqult Gas... — BlJSFOtE.. 07% CSV*
Mutual E L. 12Vi 14 S F Gas ... — —
Pac G Imp.. — 55 Stock G & E. — —
Pac Lighting — — U G & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & £.. 07% OSViJ
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 350 /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — — LP&A.. — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust ..230 —
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. . — — Sav & L Soc 95 102U
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav.. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — [Presidio — 41
Geary — — I
POWDER.
Giant C5% 67 JVigorlt 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 10c 30c Kllauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. 45*4 *6% Makaweli C. 21*4 —
Honokaa S C 13% 14 Onomea S C. 32^ 34
Hutch SPC 12Ti» 13 V4 Paauhau S C 16% 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 154 156 Oceanic S C. — —
Cal Fruit As. W% — Pac A F A.. —'iX~~m
Cal Wine As. 1>C% 97V4 Pac C Bora*.lG7 —
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers Association 154 00
20 California Wine Assn (b 10) 97 00
20 California Wine Association.... 07 OO
50 Giant Powder Con 66 00
1C5 Onomea Sugar Co .32 50
15 Paauhau S. P. Co .» 1« 75
40 S. F. Gas & Electric Co ;.. 67 73
$1000 S. F. & S. J. V. Bonds 120 23
Street—
10 Hutchlnson S. P. Co 13 50
$10,000 S P Cal 1st Cons 5 per cent
(stamped) 108 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 California Wine Association.... 97 00
5 Contra Cosla Water 49 00
, 10 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 25
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 00
$1000 North Shore 5 per cent 100 00
$1000 S F & S J Valley Bonds 120 50
$50CO S P Cal 1st Con 5 per cent
(stamped) 108 00
4000 S P of Arizona (1909) 107 75
20 8 V Water 84 50
Street —
$5000 Oakland Gas Bonds 1CS 25
135 S V Water £4 so
California Stock andOUExcliangc
Stock— Bid. Ask.
Caribou Oil Co 1 05 1 10
Four Oil 67 .70
Hanford Oil 130 00 135 0O
Home OH 95 1 CO
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil 17 19
Junction Oil 21
Kern Oil 4 75 4 H2K
Lion Oil 0.1 04'
Monte Cristo OH 74
Monarch OH 53 in
Oil City Petroleum 27 30
Peerless OU 14 CO
Reed Crude Oil 44
San- Joaquln Oil 550 , .....
Sterling Oil 2 75
Thirty-Three Oil 7 25 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 CO 4 25
Union OH 6S 00
United Petroleum 100 00
West Shore 290 325
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 40 1 75
Alameda Sugar 29 00
-American Biscuit 88 0O WS CO
American District Tel... .....
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas & Electric
Car Cotton Mills 88 CO
Cal Jockey Club. 105 00
Cat Powder '.
Cal Shipping Co... 25 OO
Cash quotations ivere as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 red w*heat, 76@79c: No. 2 corn,
47^c; No. 2 yellow. 1 48%c; No. 3 white oats,
3K&ro>£c: No. 2 rye. 54» / i©57' / sc; good feeding
barley. 4*@.V>c; fair to choice malting 5.1ft>
BOc; No. 1 flax?eed. 97c; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 02: prime timothy seed, $3 15; meBS pork,
per bbl. *12 90(913; lard, per 100 lbs, $0 759
S» SO; short ribs eides (loose), $9@9 24; dry
salted shoukk-rs (boxed), 6%@0%c; nhort clear
Bides rbo>ed). S%CJ9^c; clover,, contract grade
$3 75S/. r » 'JO.
Hay and FeedstiTffs remain as before quoted.
The circular of Somers & Co. saya of Hay:
"Hay shipments during the past week have
been somewhat heavier than for the week pre
ceding, the total with to-day's arrivals being
4100 tons, an Increase of 5tx» tons. This does
not mean that more Hay has actually been
loaded at the various shipping points, but is the
result of the Oakland blockade being raised'
To-day there is practically nothing sidetracked
across the bay for chlpment here whereas
last week the accumulation there was quite
heavy. The fields are rapl-lly being cleaned,
the tracks are now becoming cleared and It
would seem that matters will soon be In good
shape for the winter. One exception to this
f£ n r noted ' and J£ nt ls ln connection with
the Alfalfa crop. There Is yet a large quan
tity of it to be Bhipped here. Much has not yet
been baled and It is Generally conceded that
with out usual rains the later cuttings will ''be.
badly damaged.
I "There is nothing new to report locally for
I the market continues to be featureless with
holders of Hay awaiting the winter demand
with considerable Interest. The Government
still withhold? Us awards for the Manila Hay
shipments, and there is no outside demand of
any great consequence to be noted.
"We can report no change ln prices from tho
quotations of last week, for there has been no
change In any way. We still, note a rather
, scant supply of the gilt edge grades of Hay
and choice Alialfa, with medium grades of all
kinds of. Hay very plentiful." .
BRAN— $22@23 per ton.
• MIDDLINGS— $20 50Q28 per ton
SHORTS— *22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24025 ner
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $20026 50- Job
bing, $27@27 00; Cocoanut Cake $21022 •
Corn Meal. $33(533 50; Cracked Corn, $33 60!*
34 00; Mixed Feed, $22 5O@23 50; Hor^e Beans
$2S®30 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $11014 50. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11©i:j 50- Oat!
$10®13;-Wild Oat. $9 501011 50.- Barley $9® 11 •
.Clover. $8 C0@ll; Stock. $»«&; Alfalfa." |a 50®
10 60 per ton.
STRAW— 35@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
A i' _, kinds of Fruits rule firm and in very
B0 £l.?, e r mand ' wlUl Prunes leading. -
and 9@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
Elf Cc; Peaches. 5'/ 4 £7c; Pears, 0®9c; Nec
tarines. 4'a"4>4c for white; Fi K s. white. 4V4@
4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted. 5@7c per lb
"i PRU S£?- 190a crop ' 2H.-03C for the "four
SwiViSSI, cr ,°^v, 2^© 2 %c for the four sizes.
RAISINS — 1903 prices are as follows: Two
crown. 6iSOV4c; three-crown CViSti^c- four
crown, 6%@7c. " "
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12V4c- No.
2. 10\4c; No.l hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c; new
Almonds, lie for Xonparlels 10V>c for I X L
10V,c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. C@7c for Eastern; Pecans 11©
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5. '
HONET— Comb, new. 12%®15V£c for white
and 9i011c for amber; new water white ex
tracted, smscv&c; light amber extracted 5c
dark. 3V4@4V3C
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wh»at Xo. 2—
September 77Vi 77Vi 75% 75*j
Dec. (now) 78'i 7«% ~"% 77«i
May 80V4 80% 79% 79* a
Corn No. 2 —
September 48V4 4~>-i 47VJ
December 47% 43 47V4 47V»
May 4S 43V6 47% 47>i
out* Xo. 2 —
fcrpteir.N-r 37 37V4 3fi% 36%
December 37% 38Vj 37% 37%
a^J.v 38% 39% 3S% 3S*i
Me.s.< Pork, i>er bbl —
September 12 97^ 12 97V4 12 90 12 00
October ,13 07Va 13 10 12 97V4 13 00
May ,13 00 13 07 Vi 12 95 12 UTA
Lard, uer 10O lbs —
September 0 *i2V4 9 R2'4 9 62'^ 9 S2Va
October 7 87H 7 90 7 G2V£ 7 75
January 7 02 1 *. 7 07V£ 7 02^i 7 02W
Short Ribs, p«r 100 lbs—
September 9 35 9 35 9 30 9 30
October 9 4-7 VS 9 47V4 9 35 » 40
January 6 7T> ti 77V£ 6 70 6 70
Peter J. and John J. Sullivan. Hannah
Rcllly and William Sullivan to Peter Sullivan,
lot on S line of Hayes street, 140 W of Web
ster. W 25 by R 137:6; $10.
Wilham J. Gerrard and Rachel Greenwood
to Elizabeth L. Lux. lot on X line of Union
street. 87:9 W of Pierce. W 23 by N 110; $1O
P. G. Murphy to Beatrice S. Williams, lot
on NW corner of Pacific avenue and Brodarick
stnet. W 45 by N 127:8*4: $10.
Edward Loughery, cr Loughry. or Edward J
Loughry and Anna K. Crowe to Frank I. Bar
rett, lot en N line of Pine street. 125 E of Cen
tral avenuf. E 25 by X 10O; $10.
Ernst O. Wllkens to Henrietta Wllkens. lot
on N line of California street. 47:6 W of Wal
nut, W 45 by N fS:7 1-3: also lot on E line of
Twenty-seventh avenue. 125 8 of Point Lobos
avenue. . S 70 by E 120; also lot on E Itne of
Fifteenth avenue. 130 N of Clement street. N
25 by E 127:6; gift.
A. J. or Augustus J. and Georgena F. Ran
k*n to Charld and Rns* Katz. lot on NW line
of Foljom street, 102:6 SW of Tenth, SW 33:«
by NW 137 :«; $10.
Peter T. and Betty Knutsen to Edward Me
Lauchlan and Ella Sproles. lot on S line of
Fourteenth street, 81 E of Xatoma, E 26 by B
75: $10.
J«*n F. Sims to Theodore B. Ross, lot on Vr
line of Shotwell street. l»5 S of Twenty-first. S
30 by W 122:«: $10.
Abble J. Cousins (Judklns) tn Alice E. Jud
kins, lot on E line of Capp street, 215 S of
Twentieth. S 50 by E 106; $10.
Emtr.a Matheson. Katie Lester. Llllle Boric.
Laura Hornung (Borle) and Lewis Borse to>
Lucy M. Reilly, lot on E line of San Carlos
avenue. 235 S of Eighteenth street, S 23 by
E 80; $10.
Henry G. Gepies to Clara H. Gercles. lot f>n
SW comer of Fifteenth and Church streets, W
25 by S 10O; gift.
Adelaide W. Lundberg to Blanche R. Chee<«
man. lot en E line of Bartlett street. 130 N or
Twenty-fourth. N 21 :S. E to point 166:11 on tt
line of Twenty-fourth. S 2R:11. W 117:8; al?o
lot In Masonic Cemetery : $100O.
Maria M. Small to William S. Small, re
record 1492 D. »7S lot on W lln* of Chatta
nooga street. 110 S of Twenty-third. 9 25 hy
W 06. affidavit by James K. Taylor to sup
port this deed; $5.
Morris B. and Lillian O*Meara to Emmellna
B. Paxton. lot on X line of Eighteenth street.
20 E of Clara avenue. E 25 by X 110; $10.
M L Wicks to H. M. A. Miller, lot on
N line of Filbert street. Ill W of Montgom
ery W 26:6 by N 137 :«: $10.
Ella Broderlck to Ella O. Gorman, lot on N
line of Sacramento street. 153:2 W of Mont
gomery W 22:». N 69:9. W 25. N 59:9. B
47:9. S" 119:6; gift.
Agnes McAlester or Agn*s McA. Burt ani
Irene B Shelton to Mary A. McAlester. lot
on W line of Yerba Buena street. 115 S of
Cla-y S 45 by W 80; also lot on N line cf
Commercial street. 111:11 W of Kearny. W
30 by N 5-S- $10.
Sharon Estate Company to William H. Wolf
lot on N line of Francisco street. 236:3 E of
Hyde E 35 by N 137:6; $10. ;.-•'
Same to Ada R. Webster, lot en N lln« of
Francisco street. 206:5 E of Hyde. E 30 by N
Henry R and Hllma A. Abrahamson to First
%l^^* ™
W Une of Bryant street. 75 S of Sixteenth. 3
%%. Vm£ee $l ?o Retta L. McNuUy lot on
W line of Forty-fourth avenue. 150 8 of I
street S 25 bv W 120; $10.
James D Costlgan to Margaret Coethran.
lot oT E line of Forty-second avenue. 275 d
Homestead- al»° lot on NE CP">« r of Br >-
a°nt and Tw*n?y-flfth streets. E 75 by N 104:
?l Behrend and Anna Joost to Anna p. Joost.
i«t «« <?E line of Falcon street. 227:1 NE of
Moss alfc? NE CO. SE 112:6. SW 50. NW 1H:S.
lots 21 and 22. Mountain Spring property: $10.
Nicholas and Mathilda Ohlandt to same.
8a john* 1 M. Moore to P.ob«rt Hawxhurst. re
reccrd H22 D 337, Int on S corner of Bacon
7£ Glrard streets.* SE SCO by SW 120. lot. 1
and 2. block 11. University Mound: also lot on
S line of Hunter street. 575 W of Weldon 3 ,0.
E "5. S 70 W 130. N to Hunter street. E 120.
lots 7fr*T 765. Z10« to 21CS. 2110 to 2114. with an
overplus. Gtft MaD 4: $5.
Caroline Cook to Milton M. Cook, lot 2. block
R, Park Lane Tract 3; $10.
Mary Howard to Francois Codee, lots 6, 7,
10 to 20. block 25. Lakevlew; $10.
Francois Codee to C. R. Carlson, lots 19 and
CO block 25, same: $10.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lots 18 and 17. block 212.
O'N & H. Tract: $10.
John Dougherty to Metropolitan Improvement
Company, lot on SW line of Eighth avenue
South. 125 NW of T street South. NW 150. SW
100 XW 10O. SW ld>. NW to point 75 SE of
U street. SW ICO. NW 75. SW to Tenth ave
nue. NW to point 15O NTV of V street. SW 10O
NW 75. SW to point 100 SW of Eleventh ave
nue, SE to point 50 SE of U street. NE 100.
SE to point on Eleventh avenu* 223 SE of IT
street. NE to Ninth avenue, SE to point on
Ninth avenue 250 NW of T street, NB 100, SB
123. NE ICO: 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CHICApO, Sept. 23.— Wheat opened firm, in
fluenced largely by the bull sentiment carried
over from last night. Dece.mber selling early
¦«'P to 78%c. but the fine weather, the bearish
situation in foreign markets and weakness
-which flnaUy ruled In the Xorthweet and at
St. Louis, induced heavy selling by commis
sion house*, and the feeling turned bearish.
December went off to 77 %c under the pres
sure. The absence of export business was a
depressing factor, while cables were Indiffer
ent at the cjoee. Local traders bought freely,
however, on the sharp bulge in ccrn prices,
while wheat was at the low mark, and the
close showed a portion of the loss regained,
but with December still lV«c under yesterday's
.finish figure, at 77V4@77%c. Trade was large
and aoaive.
Corn, after ripening at a trifle higher, was
dragged down by the weakness in wheat, but
later renewed its upward tendency, and the
close was VifWVic better for the December
option at 47%©47\4c.
Oats stiowed considerable strength the
greater part of the day In sympathy with corn.
December rtiosfd \i<a%c higher at 37%«J37f(,o.
The provision maxket was also slow. October
pork closed 10c lower; lard 15c lower and rib3
5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 23.
Flour, qr sks... 41,492! Wool, bales 354
Wheat, ctls ... 4">' Screenings aks. 200
Barley, ctls ... 5,315 Tallow, ctls ... 241
Oats, ctls 4O0| Pelts Xo 300
Rye, ctls C00(Hldes. No. .... 745
Beans sks 4,902 iTiieory bbls.... 50
Potatoes, sks .. 1.450jSugar. 'ctls ... 500
Onions, sks ... Si5 Quicksilver, flks 8
Bran, sks l.Hi«5j Leather, rolls .. Rrt
Middlings, sks.. 615' Wine gals .... 37 0CO
Hay, tons 420, Brandy, gals .. 5 20<i
Straw, tons ... 2o,Llme. bbte .... G5S
Hops, bales C27l
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 21,S00|Oats. ctls 1.0CO
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50®4 (it);
Oregon and Washington, $:i UO13 1 20 per bbl
for family and §3 D0S4 40 for Bakers'.
• MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50® t 75; Cracked Wheat, $rl 75; Fa
rina, $4 f.0; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25$?S C0;in sacks, $U 7. r >igS 10;
Pearl Barley. $«; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Western, sacked. $1 42^(91 45 for Yellow,
?1 42>4 for White and 51 40 for mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 50ST1 D5; small round
do. $1 70«zl 75; White, $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25(31 SO per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25©2 50 per ctl.
This market is not in as good shape as it ha«
been. It is much quieter, as the shippers are
doing little or nothing and the mMlPrs report
that they are sufficiently supplied for the
present. Growers, as previously mentioned,
are. now more than willing to meet buyers, but
the, latter are more indifferent than they have
been. Cash quotations remain unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, f 1 45§1 50; California White
Australian. $1 55(31 60; Northern Club. 51 4.V3>
1 47Vi; Northern Blue S>em. 51 53igi 57«£; Ore- !
gon Valley. $1 50 per ctl.
FUTL'RES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. CIofp
December $1 41*4 ?• W* *l 41 Vi fl 41 Va
May 1 42 1 42 1 42 1 42
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December . ( $1 4Ui $1 41>4 $1 41% $1 41%
BARLEY — The market Is much quieter and
weak, though prices show no actual decline.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. *1 12V4@1 IB; Shlrping and Brewing,
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier, $1 iO^l 50 for fair to
choice. - " •• - ¦
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December fl 13 $1 13 ?1 12% $1 12%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. ' Low. Close.
December $1 12% $1 12% $1 12% $1 12%
OATS — Show no change whatever. There Is
th» usual Jobbing demand, which keeps receipts
down to a moderate point. Quotations are
Etoady. *
White. $1 2031 32V4; Black. $1 45®1 65;
Red. $1 20(gl 22ty for common and ?l 25@1 35
for choice: Gray, $1 27 M per ctl.
CORN — The crop situation is the great fac
tor throushout the West at present. Wlre3
from Chicago yesterday said that reports show
undoubted damage to the crop anrl that the
feeling is stronger notwithstanding the Govern
ment rej>ort.
There is nothing new in this market, which Is
quiet.
Chicago declined aeain. Wires from there
paid that the market would be stronger but for
the uncertainty regarding the mlil Ftrike at
Minneapolis, word being received that n gen
eral walkout would take place at the close of
the <*.av.
WHEAT — Conditions remain practically un
changed everywhere. Bradatreet's gives the
world's viFlble supply an increase of 4,800,000
bushels.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — J4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight : — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S.S
Xew York Exchange, sight — 07>£
Xew York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 8a
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 40}j
Exchange and Bullion.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market was
quiet and without material change from the
peneral conditions recently reported. Com
mon. 4^.V; prime, 6V4@594c; choice, 0@6ftc;
fancy, 0-%ti7*^c.
PRUNES — St)ot prunes are in fair demand
and ruled firm at quotations ran<tng from
oV«c to 7e Cor all grades". •
APRICOTS— Attract a fair Jobbing demand
and remain firm at 9Vi@9Hc for choice, 9%@
1014c for extra choice and 10@l2c for fancy.
PEAT*HES— Show a firmer tone; choice are
quoted at 7>ic and extra choice at ~%Q$\ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
95.3fifi barrels; exports. 3562 barrels.
WHEAT— Receipts. 24,675 bushels. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red. S27ic elevator and 82%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 8!>i-sC
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba. JtlVic
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firmer with
corn, but yielded to pressure from foreigners.
After declining rapidly they rallied in sym
pathy with corn and room-coverlns. but later
broke aeain on reports of a strike in Min
neapolis flour mills, closing lc net lower.
¦May, S3 15-l»5<gW5^ ) c. closed at Sic; Septem
ber. 8.{>4(gs4%c, closed at 83 Vic; December,
13-ltJc. closed at 83MjC
" HOPS — Steady; State and Pacific Ccait, 1903
'crop. 2SQ31C.
• HIDES-Flrm.
WOOL< Firm.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 9»J test, 37*@3 15-ieo; molatstes sugar,
3*6e: refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet. The market for futures
closed steady, CvQllO points higher; sales, 31,500
bags including September and October at
4.4Oc": December, 4. 75^4. SOc; March, 5(f5.10c;
May, 5.20c; July. B.30eS;39e.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. (2 5OtI3 for fan
cy Valencia*. $2(ff2 50 for choice and «1<S1 50
for standard: Sescllings. Jl^j 25; Lemons." (W>
S per bo^; Grape Fruit. ?2«i2 50; Mexican
Limes. ?h@\s 00; Bananas, nominal- Plncac
pies, $2 | 7j>3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless. 65<S75c per box; Isabella
COff75c per cr;it*: other varieties, 3<lfj50c for
small boxes; SOQTSc for crates and 75ciQ$l for
large open boxes; Wine Grapes, S1SS25 nt-r
ton for SCinfande!. ~ K
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1«?1 50 per crate-
Nutmeg Melons. 5Oc®?l pai i-ox; Watermelons'
l0f(20c each.
FIGS— Black. 50r<i85c for double layers 35*3
50c for drawers and ?1 for large boxes' from
the river; White. 4C©GCc per box.
PRUNES — r>0<@75c ner bos or crate.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 4(VftH.5c; carriers,
5O@05c; large open boxes, 60©'75c; per ton'
nominal. *
POMEGRANATES— 50®71c for small boxes
and $2 for large.
APPLES— 00c@?l 25 per box for fancy, fiora
65c for rood to choice and 25<jJ40c for com
mon.
PEARS— Bartlrtts. $1 23@1 50; winter varle
ties, 50<f/7r>c per box.
QUINCES— 40<S6ftc ner box.
STRAWBERRIES— f2ifi3 per chest for Ma
lindag and $5<S5 50 for other large varieties-
Longworths. $4{i7 per chest. *
RASPBKRRIFS— HffM per chest.
BLACK BERRIES-^$2ig3 per chest for or
dinary and .*5(56 for fancy from Santa Cruz
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6-glsc per lb.
Conditions ami prices In the fruit market
6howert little change, supplies being ample,
shipping requirements moderate and the local
demand nothing extra. Peaches ruled weak.
Solway Freestones, which constitutor! the bulk
of supplies, were abundant and even the very
best offerings were hard to dispose of. There
were no Strawberry Freestones received from
the mountain districts. That .variety would
have found prompt sale ahove the quotations
had there been any available. Offerings in
bulk were plentiful and easy, as the canners
were indifferent buyers and were only picking
up bargain?. A carload was reported sold at
$10 per ton and a bid of $8 was rejected on
another car. Nearly ail varieties of table
Grafies were in free supply and although orders
for shipping were plentiful, prices showed lit
tle change, stocks being too heavy to permit
of any advance. The ton quotation for crates
was obtained only for fine Isabella and Tokays.
« ; 5c being the top for other varieties. Good
Zinfaniel Wine 'Grappa sold off well at $22i9'.'5
per ton. • while poor stock frcm Lodl moved
slowly at $18-320. There were occasional sales
of small quantities of fln= stock reported at
$26. Fancy Apples and Pears continued to
move off wen at good prices, while common
offerings dragged nt unsteady rates. Quinces.
I'run?g, Figa and Pomegranates were in ample
supply and stood about as previously quoted.
Melons were plentiful and dull. Nutmeg
Melons and Watermelons were unchanged
while Cantaloupes had a sharp decline, owing
to the poor quality of most of the offerings
The usual quantity of Berries came In an<l
prices had but slight • variation. Attractive
lots found prompt sale at- good < prices,- while
pcor and soft stock moved slowly. Price* of
Citrus Fruits hart no noteworthy change. Ripe
Bananas w»re very scarce, the recent arrivals
being mostly green. Pineapples were un
changed. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— Ranch. 37%©38%C for large white
selected and 32Hr@-Tfc for fair to choice; store,
22Vi®2"Mrc: cold storage, 21220c; Eastern,
22ViG27%c per dozen.
Ranch Eggs are quoted higher and firm at
the advance, with light receipts and stocks.
The movement in Eastern and cold storage
goods continues large.
Butter Is not firm at the advance, and most
dealers report the market dragging. Stocks
are sufficient, but not especially heavy.
Cheese stands about the same. Strictly fine
mild new is none too plentiful, but the market
Is overloaded with medium and lower grades,
which dealers are having difficulty to sell.
Receipts were 34,500 lbs Butter, 013 cases
Egxs and 31,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 30@31c for extras and
26#2Sc for seconds; dairy. 21024c: store But
ter. 17H@10c; cold storage, 24@23c; Eastern,
22f?2Jc per lb.
CHEESE — Xew. 12Vi'g v 13c: Young America,
13@14c; Eastern, 15<giec; Western, 14®15c
per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
and municipal bonds may be substituted for
such of the Government 5s as are on deposit
to secure circulation and Government deposits
with the banks removes the only possible ob
ject for holding the bonds to maturity. Some
stimulation of the demand for Stats and mu
nicipal bonds for purposes of this substitution
is also a probability, which would have the ef
fect of stiffening the general bond market in
any period of confidence. But Jt proved pow
! erless in to-day's market. Sterling exchange
continued firm. The principal weakness of the
day was concentrated in a few stot-ks. The
weakr.es* of Amalgamated was attributed to
pool liquidation, thought to be prompted by the
weakness of the metal in London and of for
j eign copper. Xew York Central continued to
suffer from the financial requirements to be
j faced, although inspired assurances came from
the directors' meeting to-day that no attempt
would be made to meet these for several
j month? yet. The Southern Railway stocks
I were afft-cted by unfavorable criticism or the
I showing of earnings in the annual report. Much
I felling of Baltimore and Ohio and Pennsyl-
I varia was attributed to Philadelphia and Pitts-
I burg account, supposed to be due to the col
i lapse of the Consolidated Lake Superior Com
rany and the prowlng tendency toward reor
! ganization in the iron and steol markets.
The cooler weather in the corn belt and' fears
of frosts to-niRht hurt the grangers. The
market closed h»nvy at about the lowest.
The weakness of Unltc-d States Steel second
5s, which touched a new low record of 72v6, .
was a weight upon the general bonH market.
Total rale«, par value, $2.195.C<Xt.
United States o.s advanced U. the new 4>
%. the 3s 1 per cent and the old 4s 1% per cent.
The 2s declined ij per cent on the last call.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares. Ilish. Low. Close. 1 *
Atchison •JS.atK) <tf»4 04 (54H
Atchison pfd 400 S'JU &*T« *»?*
Baltimore &. Ohio.. 43.910 79% 77Vs 77 : ,' t
Halt &. Ohio p!d... li!7 84 SO bH
Canadian Pacific .. l.««H> 121 s i 1^1 1111 V 2 ¦
Central of X Jersey 153
Ches At Ohio l,6T>0 S'J^ 20% :£Mi
("hi & Alton 100 2<J»i 20^ 20&
Chi & Alton pM ... 320 624 «J <'"2 1 -3
Cfci & Gt Western. 1.130 ISVfc 1"> 15 1 ,*
Chi & Gt W li pfd 26fc
Chi <fc X W 2,2O<» 15« 154H 154Va I
Ohi Term &- Trans 9% i
«hi Ter & Trn pfd. 400 18 . 17V* 1S>.3 I
C C C & St Louis.. 100 iXt C9 es?* j
Colo Soulhr-rn «34K> 12 l i 12 12
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 4f»0 4'.*», 4» 48 4
Colo Sou 2nd pfd.. 15»» 20>j 2<»U 20 |
Del & Hudson 1.000 156 15."> '" 154 1
Del Lack & Wept 225 |
Den & Rio Grande 22*4 ¦
Den & Rio G pfd.. 30<> 75 74^ 74> 4
Erie 12,685 27 2f5^ s 2»J l a
Erie 1st pfd 2.170 Wi. tjl^, t>4r\
Erie 2nd pfd 1.000 47^, 47 47"
Gt Xorth«-rn pfd . . ltiO
Hockinir Valley ... .... .... e«
Hocking Val pfd 7H
Illinois Central ... 2.1»0O%J3'J l^O^i 121t
Iowa Central " "»- .... \$ '
Iowa Central pf<l.. 2.'><> 35H 35 35
K C Southern 10<» V.)% 19&i 20
K C Southern pfd.. 100 Sfii-j a«>i 36
Louis ft Xash ..... 2.t»<"*> lfil lO0»^ 100H
Manhattan L 1.341 132% 131 *i 13°'
Metropolitan ?t Ry 2.90a llli 4 llli, lllti
Minn & St Louis.. ]0O 55$Z r,.-;i_ 55
Missouri Pacific ... 11,400 rx» S9V 4 89U
Mo Kan & Texas.. 300 is«^ isiL i^t-
V.n Kan * Ti>x pfd. 320 3SUJ 37*1 37U
Xat RR of Mex pfd T.Ort 39 39 3*^
N Y Central 15.600 117'^ 116 lltt
Norfolk i- Western 2.71<> C0U 00 .'.BTC
X-r & West pfd 88 '*
Ontario &. Western l.«10 21^ 21 ¦¦¦ 21
Pennsylvania 39,21 «> 122^» 121 121
Pitts C C & St L.. 100 «0V4 «;oii t!"
P.eadlng 20,500 4i»Xi 48% 48U
Reading 1st pfd \.. * f^^ 1
Reading 2nd pfd.. 5OO «-ii «~i^ h —
Rock Ipland Co 18.1OO 20^ "r.U n^si
Rock Ifland Co pf«t 3,500 c:{ 6o2 ffo£
BtLA&FIstpfd cV*
St I»£- l- F 2n.J pM .-500 4S 47s 47^
•st Louis s w pi-i .. sno :tty 4 :«2»4 :!2
IW7 °
Sonthera Pacific .. io..v,o 42^ iiu, 41 u
Southern Railway.. « kk> i'oai Vt a7 T.,
ss»ae.4 ts II 4
Kfrfc^Wii .r S8 S£ p
T'nion Pacific 26 S00 7.i ' 72"
'iP 1 " 11 Pacific pfd.. 2U> 85% 85% '. 85«
Wab**h ptd 1 isfio 31% 4 \"u*
Wheel & Lake Erie . * fi 5 *
Wls Central 2 fM> 17" 17" iv
Wisconsin Ont pfi 300 37 37 A«u
Ezprcsi Comcanics— **
Adams . ™
American trl
VniU-4 states ;.... ' ]™
Wells Fargo 1 JgV
llipceiianeous— 1Ja
Amal roppcr 7.. r .0.'> 40s; 41 i/ 41 u
Amor Car & F... 3.2O0 25% 24^ ->5iJ
Am.r C k F pfd.. .V>0 7S 7K 70
Arrer Lin Oil \^ 7 ,
Amer Lin O pfd i^ '"
Amer Ix>co .... 1.000 17" 10^ l(iU.
Amer Loco pffl j^-jv^
Amer Smelt & Ref 1.800 42»i 41 it 41 * 7
Amer S & Rpf pfd 5W K8 ' R7u (3774
>mer Sugar Ref . . 6,300 112»4 110* ill u.
Anaconda Min Co. <1D0 70^ 70U (&"
Rrooklj-n Rap Tran 2.»00 37J.^ 31;^ :.
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 7oO 42M. jis. 41 ii
Columbus & Hock C *«
Consolidated Gas .. .too 170 170 " lffl}
Oon Elertric 1,700 153 130% ian
Inter Paper 200 tl>4 n^ j]
Inter Paper pfd .. 100 C2>4 62>,i Cl<4
Inicr Pump * .T{5i I
Inter Pump pfd .-*-;; *70
Xational Biscuit " ' " 3s
Xational Leal 200 in% \k% iu%
North American .. 400 73% 73 72
Pacific Mail- 100 2f>u, 20Vj 2<U4
People's Gas SKWr a.3i^ 02^ »2'«,
Prcs'cri Steel Car. f»0O TJt 31V4 .II'K
Pres.-.d Steel C pfd MO 76>.i 7CVi 7«
Pullman Pal Car 211
Republic Steel ... ftOO 10 9% flij.
Republic Steel pfd 000 63 (T2U, 62
Rubber Goods 100 lRifc \7\Xi 2 131^
Rubber Goods pfd. tV%) 70 70 fif»4h
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3.4i»O 34 3.1V4 Clii
I* S leather 800 7 7 7
! V G Leather pfd. 600 77«A 7G»i 7«l6
17 S Rubber .'. io>4
IT K Rubber pfd 3*'
TT B Steel 33.R0O IS 17% 17-N !
r S Steel rM 14,000 C8 «7% CT>:. ,
Western Union 300 82% 82^4 82 £
Total shares sold.4C7,500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAX FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23. — Bond transactions
T'nlted Railroads of San Francisco: 1000 at
*79 37 %.
XEW YORK BONDS.
: t," S ref 2s lfg..lO!> I Hocking Val 4l4«.104J,i
r»o coup U«H|L & N Uni 4s .. DS%
Do 3s reg 1 09 V£' Manhattan c g 4s.l01*i
Do coup lOH^iMex Cent 4s 71V4
Do new 4s rer.l35VJ Do 1st inc .... 14%
Do coup 135 V Minn & St L 4s.. 97
r>o old 4s reg ..1HH!M K & T 4s 9714
Do coup 112^' Do 2ds 78
Do 5s rig 1U2H N Y Cent g 3^s. 9rj»i
Do coup 102H N J Cent g 5s..l27V6
Ateh ren 4s 93% Nor Pac 4s ......101
Do adjt 4s .... 90 Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. WH6 Nor & W c 4s.. M%
Balto & Ohio 4S.1O136 Or S L 4s & P Ml";
Do 3H« 92',4!Pa con 3V, s . . . ." 05V
Cent of Ga 5s 105»; Reading Gen 4s. 94%
Do 1st inc 72 S L & I M c Ss.lll
Che« & Ohio 4%s.l01 St L & S F tz 4s. gOVi
Chi & Alton 3^8. 73 jSt L S W lsts.. 03
C B & Q n 4s,. »1% Seaboard A L 4a. 76
C M & S P g 43.104 .Southern Pac 4s. 87
Chi A X W c 7s.. 131 'Southern Ry 5s..ll2W
C R I & P 4s... 71% Tex & Pac lsts." 114%
Do col Ss 74V4 Tol St L & W 4s. 71
CCC&SLg4s9« Union Pac 4s Ofiti
Chi Term 4s 71 Do conv 4s ... 93%'
Con Tobacco 4s... Sii US Steel 2d be. ~2U.
Colo & 60 4s .. 83% Wabash lsts 114
D & R G 4s 08% I Do Deb B 50
Erie prior lien 4s. 96%|Wheel & L B 4s S4U
Do gen 4s 83 |W1 8 Cent 4s .... 90
FtW4DC lsU.102%1 .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 14|Llttle Chief Oft
Alice 20]Ontar!o 475
Br«ece 15,Ophlr 1 (X)
lirunswlck Con .. OSjPboenlx .... .... oy
Mail advice* from New York say:
•Tcr the leafi'nr descriptions in the list a
-derate movement continues to be noted. Spot
-une* arp In fair Jobbing: demand, and some
iiere are firmer in their Idea* on small lots.
'i*-e in a Jobbing way are reported to-day at
. *c for 70-80* and 3*ic tar ttMJO's in 25-lb.
exes. Up to 7c ie quoted on 4i>-50g and 5U^
• -\c on 50-6«'s. In futures all reports from
H* f-oast indicate a very firm market on Santa
I ara new crop, with a 3e four-size basis
I J X Z" *?, rly Fh! P mPnt! - Telerrams report
at ehort seller? are coverinr at some advance
: h ~> i ' *" th eT'vwe'-s- if.eas advancing.
nere )? repor.eil occasional busineFs done for
1 Mpcnrw her.' ct around the 3o ha*is fob
«2 ast f °f !a« hslf of September shipment!
ne esrrew.e tfjFln«« done is paid to 1* fair
1 na tor early requirements the Itreer interests
«p-» paid to b» fairly well covered. FNjtur*
Urceon prunes are quoted by one interest here
2T 8 . "'t C bBSlf< f " r °« o ker shipment from the
«^>»kt. bpnt Currant£ are a little firmer, with
f vc quoted for fine Amalias unc!»anod in bar
fels. Cable ar5\ices frw. the primary market
tf^r-ort the situaticn there a little firmer. Spot
£rinan*d is :n falr jobbing demand and held at
puofntions. p or neTr crop to arr j ve p^ r f^,,,..
hcldpry quote SW,c to 5»ic for fine Amalias
Sf^ncleared. * r - HaiFlrs f pot Cal'.forrria I>on<Jon
|'a>fr? are a little firmer, with $1 50 quoted on
|3-crown grade. Fpot 'oo»e is Fteady to 5rm.
I Fer.(3ed is in jobbing request. The flrrt k\ of
I new crop lr-^.> 2 and 3 crown has arrived. Jm
m™ «u!tar.aji old rrep ere meeting a. fair
1 Jobbing Interest. Nfw crop Valencia* are
rteady. In Apric^tB ypot 1* firm, with a fair
i<~TjMr.g demand notf>a. Pcache? are steady. In
Firs new crop layrr? to arrive pre reported tn
mndprEt" demand, with quotations Ftcady. Sp"t
layers are quiet, nag firs arc in Jobbing de
rr.sr.d. with 5c <juotrd irjside."
The Michigan Bean Crop.
the Kpw York Journal of Coir.moire of a
recent date sny*:
•Di*ru«Flrg the b«an situation a prcmlr.ert
rrr rator Mnd trw ' a >' : 'The crop In Michlcan In I
1W1 w-fis SOOO 15-ton cari«. of xrtilrh 7non cars !
•n-T.t into oenssumption, lfavinjr a ram--ov»r
mto TI>f>2 of jrxv) lr^ton carF. The crop of 1302 j
«af 5T.CKI 20-ton car?, and thi5. with the carry
over of loon made CVk> cars available for
Z-*>2. To-eny at the banning: nf the l&m t=ea
1 n t.h«>rp is absnluioly no carry o\-»r. E>i-erj-
ttiine- has hc-en wntamwi with the po*«lble eic
'•<-rtion n' r- few cat« in Jobbers' hands. There
WM only KO fwr cent of last year's acreac?
j !snte<V to .b/;an* in Michigan thic year, and
I'wlnjr to the extra ordinarily had weather it is
n<-w *rtirr.a»ed that the Michlpsn crop cannot
po— a>ly rxc**d ?:*«* to &**> cars, and If the
rr^sfnt unfavorable conditions continue thio
ff-tlmnto m€U be s»»rlously reduced.
• "TJie f*rtr tK»ni" have b*y>fl practically
wiprd out. Thfre will be n<v Ivan* available
fi*r rtiipm^nt in 5V>ptw.b«?r and a oompara
tfVrtjr srrRll quantity in Octnber. Wp are in
formefl that a (rr^st msny Octr.b*r b«>ans have
r>pen snld short. In fa<~t It is estimated that
from r>:V» to COO car<« hnv» been- soli for Octo
b*r Fhlpment. Under the mo^t favoraXle con
ditions from now on we do rot think this quan
tity ran he rut in fhar* to Fhip out of thf
Ftato in October and therefore we look for a
MWR F<iueeze of th* short inrertsts. If the
pnmaA wrather conditions continue w«> would
ni~r h" at a!l surrTiF»il to sap an advance of SOc
PW bushel In the price of r^a beant."
Weather Report.
1
fl2»th M-ridlan— Pacific Tim*-.)
PAX FRANCISCO. Sept. 23 — 5 p. tn.
COAST RECORD.
STATION. I \\ I § £ § jp I
1 } ak '' r M.W SO 4J ? :» Cloudy on
r arson 29.!C K2 40 N Clear' .OO
2?- 18 m r>0 - V Clou-lv T.
ra ral!nn 29. u*i ft« r,2 ci^ar" 00
rr*™« 20. ft* ss .-,2 X\v Pt <1dy .(«
F]s»pplafT 2a.i>i CO M E Cloudy .38
Inflfpen<1*»nc»» .2fl.W? Mj r>H E r-loudy (O
ls>t AntPifs. .2fl.ss k+ «r, w Pt Cidy T
**.It. Tama!paiF2^.:«5 7K Oi; XW flear 00
Xorth Head.. 30. 12 .%<! .V) P <"Ioudy 28
2S.S2 !»4 <H N C\p AT "oo
Pocatelio 30.00 R2 44 W n P a r 00
Portland no. 10 70 48 E Cloudy '<H
Point R^yr«..2».P2 CK 4X XW O*-ar no
Rrd Bluff :s».RS »rt r,4 N Clear .CO
Roteburg 30.10 7S SO X Pt <^ldy !oo
Farram»>nto ..29.SU l»4 5« S Clear ««
Salt I^ke ...20.W, K2 .'.4 W near 'oo
Fan Francisco. 'J&.'M fir. SO W Oar ' OO|
P L. OWspo..2».S« fc^ Z*\ X Cipur ]«iO i
San Diego ...2a.«2 ~<\ cm w Cloudy fO
Rrattl*. 3O.J0 ci r>* s Cloudy .02
Ptv*anc 30.00 74 .Vi pw Cloudy .«m :
Tatooth .".O.os M T.<\ S Cloudy 2 ss
Walla WalU.nn.02 K> Z.h p\V Pt Cldy .<"ii
Wtnnemucca .C!).{»S f<t 42 XW Olear 00
Turn* 2fl.R2 94 7rt W Cl*-ar T.
, WEATHER CON'DITIOXR AND GENERAL \
FOItECAST
The pressure has risen slowly along the
00*** north of Eureka. Hich southerly winds
are reported from th» mouth of the Columbia
Kl\-*>r northward. Hiph northwest winds are
rrporfd at Point Tleyr* and the Farallones.
The llpxlcan rtorm is moring slowly north
wejrtward and cloufly weather is reported over
Southern California and In th» lowor portion
<* the San Jnaqufn Valley. Kaln has occur
red in Arizona. Southern Utah and a sprin
kle at Los Anpeles. Fruit dry»rs and raisin
trrmker» sooth of Fre«no rhoul'l b« prepared
for lip-nt chowers Thursday night.
Tn*> temperature ha* risen sbiut 10 degrees
Lhe San Francisco bay (Jirtriet.
Iorecast made at San Francisco for thirty
rs <nding midnight. September 24:
orthtrn California — Fair Thursday, except
'1b'.y shower* in extreme southern portion
fog along the coart; light northerly winds
id" brisk westerly winds on the coast,
iuthern California — Cloudy. unsrttled
th#T Thursday: probably light showers;
t wind,
evarta — Fair Thursday,
in Frar.cUco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
with fog in the morning and at night;
>sbly ml*t in the morning; light southerly
ds. <-han«rinc t«» westerly.
A G. ilcADIE. DUtrict Forecaster.
Dried Fruit in Nczv York.
The general asking price for Hogs yesterday
was 6c. but the packers were not paying over
r>T£c, «n<J were grettins some at that figure.
The other Meats were as before quoted.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 5S6c per lb
for Cows. '
VEAL— Large. 6^S*4e; small 9@10c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7*JG8l$c; Ewes. 72Sc
per pound.
LAMB — 8@10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 8*4©9*ie per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, SgOc: Cows and Heifers,
7@Sc; thin Cows. 4®5c per pound.
CALVES — JiffSVic per pound (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers, 3>,4@3*;c; Ewes. S^3y.c
per pound 'gross weight).
LAMBS— %2 75@3 Der head.
HOGS— LJv* Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs, 5T;c; under
150 lbs, 5^@5-%c: Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
5O- per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent oft from
above Quotations.
Meat Market.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Sept. 23. — Clearings, $615,010;
balances. S08,e29.
PORTLAND, Sept. 23. — Clearings, $640,934;
balances. $50,273.
TACOMA, Sept. 23.-rClearings. $340,279;
balances, $32,051.'
SPOKANE, Sept. 23. — Clearings, f367,102;
balances, $39,018.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 23.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem 70c; Club. 75c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND Sept. 23.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 73c; Bluestem. 77c; Valley, 78c.
LONDON. Sept. 23.— A fair selection of 11,
390 bales was offered at . the wool auction
sales to-day. A small supply of merinos
caused animated competition. Scoureds were
In good demand for the Continent. Cross
breds were in strong demand. Medium and
fine cross-breds were purchased for America.
London Wool Sales.
POULTRY — Young Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. fl 5O@l 75: Goslings. $2©2 25:
Ducks. $4©0 per dozen for old and *5"«J6
for young; Hens. $t 50<g5 50; young Roostere,
$506; o:d Roosters U 50@5; Fryers, $3 50r£
4 50; Broilers. $,"@3 50 for large and $2 50@3
for small; Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old aM
$1 5OS2 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits, $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tails; Hare. $1 25 per dozen; Wild Doves, $1®
1 12^ per dozen.
One car of Western Poultry came in, but did
not clean up, having arrived too late, for the
regular trade. Another car Is scheduled for
to-day's market. The receipts of domestic
stock were liberal, and although the market
was rathei weak everything cleaned up at pre
vious prices. Game was steady under a good
demand and moderate receipts. Wild Dove«
had ?. Mlsht advance.
Poultry and Game.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 23.— Wool steady; medium
grades, combing and others, 10@21c; light, fine,
15«il7i4c; heavy, fine, l2S14^c; tubwashed,
20©30c.
Local Securities continue inactive and featureless. *<fj
Xav York stock market continues to decline. .
Local financial quotations about as before. t
Wheat quiet, with buyers and sellers apart.
Barley dull and ivcak. Oats and Rye steady. "^
Chicago reports damage to the Corn crop. • !| .
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted. fy.
Michigan Bean crop reported seriously dimnished. *\
Another advance in the upper grades of Eggs.
Butter and Cheese quiet, zvith ample supplies. % t
Dried Fruits still firm and active, with Prunes leading. •?
A T o further change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
_ • * ' » ¦¦"¦ ¦• • ' "»
rouliry m larger supply, but no lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vcgtables about as before.
Fresh Fruit in moderate demand for local use and shipment.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS, i I
Comatock Tunnel.. 06*4 1 Potosl ...» ....... 18
Con Cal & Va....l 35| Savage » 20
Horn Stiver 1 CO Sierra Nevada ... 57
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con ... 02 Standard 175
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — | Mlnlns —
Call loans 4 ©5 ! Adventure 5
Vl.T.e loans O'iQ-C Allouez i\h
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 4U;
Atchlson U 97% Daly West 38*4
Railroads--- Bin*ham 21%
Atchlson 64 Calumet & Hecla.480
Do Ptd 88% Centennial 15*4
Boston & Maine. 167 Copper Ran^e ... t>l%
N Y N H & H..193 iDominion Coal .. 93
Fltchburg- pfd ... 1»4 %i Frank 1 la 8
Union Pacific ... 72 Isle Royale 6#
Mexican Cen 11% Mohawk 30
Miscellaneous — Old Dominion . . S
American Sugar. .111 Osceola 54
Do pfd 118 V* Parrot 18
Amer Te! & Tel.lSCH Qulncy 85
Dom I & Steel.. 12»i Santa Fe Corper. X%
General Electric. .149 Tamarack 84
Mass E:ectric . . 18Vs TTlnlty 8%
Do pfd 78 United States ... 18V4
United Fruit ... 09 Utah 24%
U S Steel 1715 Victoria •• 3^4
Do pfd 78V4 Wlnona G»i
Weatinghee com.. 70 j Wolverine 65
LOXDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for mon«»/..8»9-16iN Y Central 121
Con for a«o«nt.8S% Norf & Western. 62V£
Anaconda 3^ Do pfd .•. 00»^
Atchlson 66%, Ontario & West. 21 1»
Do pfd 92 Pennsj-lvanla 62%
Bait & Ohio 80% Rand Mines 9%
Canafllan Pacific. 125% Reading ... 25
Ches & Ohio 31% Do 1st ofd 3U
Chi G Western... 16 Do 2d pfil 4*^4
Chi Mil & St P..143>4 Southern Ry 21%
DeBeers 19% Do pfd 86%
Denver A R G . . . 24 Southern Pac . . . 43%
Do pfd 77^4 Union Pacific 70%
Erie 27»i Do pfd 88»4
Do 1st ofd 66»i U S Steel 18Vi
Do ?d pfd 40 Do pfd MM
Illinois Central ..133 U Wabash .20%
Louis & Na»tt ...104% Do pfd 33
Mo Kan & Tex.. 19U
Bar silver. steady, 27 3-16d per ounce.
Money. HVt<i$ti% per cent. The rate of dis
count in the open market for short bills is
4 per cent, and for three months' bills is
4@4Vg per cent.
Cal Title Ins. and Trust 13O ©O 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 6O OO
Chutes Company 8 25 . ....
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 375a
Eastern Dynamite *
Ewa Sugar Plantation -
Gas Consumers' Association 22 5f»
Honolulu Sugar , 1S0O
London and S F Bank (Ltd ) .
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal Power 8 50 950
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 9 On
Orpheum Company 15 2S > '¦.
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint S3 00
Postal Device ant Impmt . .....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 Ort
Sau3alito Land and Ferry... 16 CO
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 Ort
Standard Klectrlc IS Ort
Truckeo Electric 1.1 25 18 00
Union Sugar 22 flrt
fnlted Gas and Electric 34 5O .....
Western Fish Co .....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
10O Fisher 1 a * tj
S0O Home fllti
J100O United Ry. Bond* "'.n 80
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Caribou * in
200 Home ni
Street— *
ICO Home q?^
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO. STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session
.^ Andes 15; 1 no Overman ...'. S*
5,^£ On I m £? rla1 ' M < 1W Union Con .. 74
?2?£ on N Y •• 21 10 ° Unl °n Con .. 75
800 Keyes Graeslr «0, 300 Yellow Jacket «
100 Keyes Graeslr 58/
Aftsrnoon Session.
?!S n ! ? h^ *>«r 7OO Oould * C«r 23
2*m her 27 ( 10O Occidental ... Zl
m?^ U i l i On . 10|10O Silver Hill .. «4
1^ ? k , wl1 •••' * K \ 10 ° Unlon Con ... 15
400 Chollar 23*
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHAXOa
c:,£. o j lo i? ln ? were the 8aIe * on *»• Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session
200 Challenge Con 33 1 5m Potosl 23
l£! 22, 300 Sierra Ner .. Ki
»£?> ? tc t!r"J er ••• !*['•* rnion Con •• w
s£J ?. oul , d & Cur 2l1 1<*> Union Con .. 7rt
S£? i' e . Xlc , an 1 101 *1O Yellow Jacket 4S
-TO Potosi 82 j 400 Yellow Jacket 5O
Afternoon Session.
51^ pha Con "• 07 2C0 Mexicaa ...1 12Vi
V^S? ollar 22 5°0 Silver Htll ..'M
™ on , c & v -l *"^ ICO Silver Hill .. «
300 Juifi ° Ur " or Yellow Ja c ke » °i
TOXOPAH MIXIXG EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day:
Morning Session.
J?£2 E 'P« ra n 2 a. ... 0.1; 500 Ton & Cal... 27
11OO Mac.Varaara . 15 MM) Ton N' Star.. 3t
400 Rescue 10' SCO Ton M Star.. 3O
Afternoon Session.
500 Black Canyon.2 ?3 1C0 Ton & Cal... 2S
200 Eula Con ... 2:> 200 Ton N Star.. 31
leCO* MacNamara . 13j 8C<> Ton N Star.. »:
400 Mont Ton ... 9Oj 1700 Ton N Star.. 3D
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. September 23 — < p. tn.
Bid.A?k. Lady Washtn. — C4
Mid. Ask. Julia 0.T tu
Alpha 07 as Justice OS 10
Alta 04 C.« Kentuck OTI fH
Andes IS lrt Keyes Oraessl m «4
Belcher 27 201 Mexican 1 10 1 15
Best & Belch.l 50 1 70 Occidental ... 32 M
Bullion 09 lOJOphlr 170 175
Caledonia ... 85 Sfi I Overman .... 22 2t
Challenge Con 5i> .f".! Potosl 22 2-':
Chollar 21 22; Savage 25 2H
fonfidenc» ... 8O fM>{ Scorpion 02 04
C C & Va 1 45 1 pnjSeg Belcher .. 10 12
Con Imperial. 04 05 Sierra Nev... «3 «.:
Con N York.. 21 2r,,SIH-er Hill ... 63 65
Crown Point. U 15 St Louis .... 18 LS
"Eureka Con.. 4<> 50 Syndicate .... — On
Exchequer... II 13 Union Con ... 73 74
Oould & Cur. 23 27 Utah 14 1«
Hale & Nor. . 48 50* Yellow Jacket 4S 5O
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan M Co 17 Zt\ Pine Grove . . 60 65
E?p<?ranza ... 02 o;j Rescue M Co. 08 10
Gipsy Queen.. — 2S Ton Belmont. — 1 50
Gold Mtn Con — 10 T & Cal 28 V*
Lucky Tom . . — 10 Ton & Gt W. — 05
MacNamara . 15 16 Ton of Nev.. — 8 no
Mtzpah Extn. E3 — Ton N Star . . 2!> 31
Mont Ton ... 87 M> Ton Midway . 43 45
Paymaster... 10 — United Ton .. 10 13
RICE— China No. 2. $4 32V»@4 37i4: No. 1.
$5 73<g5 90; extra No. 1, $6 40@6 50; Hawaiian.
$5 25: Japan. $5 4WJR; Louisiana. $4 5OS7.
SUGAR — Tbe Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and -Fine Crushed. 5.85c:
Powdered. 6.70c;. Candy Granulated. 5,70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.6Cc; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). — ¦ Confectioners' A. 5.e0c:
Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c: Golden C.
6c: "D." 4.00c; barrels, 10c more: half bar
rels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
6.10c; boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6V*
O7c per lb; White Lead, 6Vi@7c. according to
quantity.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In casee. 2OV4c; Astral, 20*£c;
Star. 20&c; Extra Star, 24V4c; Elaine. 2«Vsc;
Eocene. 2314c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 17c; In cases, 23»Jc; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, lliUje; £6-degree Gasoline, in bulk,
21c: In cases. 27\£c.
TURPENTINE — SOc per gallon In cases and
«4c In drums and Iron barrels.
$14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump; $11 60; Casnel. $8 60 per ton:
Coke, $11 60$13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks ; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 vt
20U0 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 85c;
China Nut, 65@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels. 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure. 75c;
.Whale Oil. natural white, 60® 55c per gallon;
Pish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases. 50c: Cocoanut
Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
ONIONS — 50®65e per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c®$l 25 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1 25@1 50; from
Berkeley. 75c@$l 25; Green Peas. 2@3c per lb;
String Beans, 3@4e per lb; Wax, 304c:
Lima Beans. 3@3»-4c per lb; Tomatoes. 35®
65c per box: Summer Squash, 50«p60c per box;
Cabbage. 60c per ctl; Carrot 9, 75c per sack;
Cucumbers. 4C®50c per box; Pickle Cucumbers.
3@3Vic for No. 1 and l®2Vic per lb for others;
Garlic, 2@3c per lb; Green Peppers, 30@50a
per box or eack: Green Okra. 3.ifi50c per box;
Egg Plant. S5@50c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$10® 12 per ton.
Receipts of Vegetables were light, but ample
and good stock moved freely at steady prices.
Tomatoes were plentiful and prices stood as
previously quoted, with poor quality offerings
of bay going to the canners at the medium quo
tation. Corn was easier, offerings consisting
chiefly of poor stock. String, Wax and Lima
Beans were in good request and the light re
ceipts cleaned up quickly at steady rates.
Stocks of other Vegetables were moderate and
prices were maintained.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 60e@
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. SI 2501 40 per
ctl; River Reds. S0@9Oc per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes, Jobbing at $1 5O per ctl.
Onions were plentiful and fairly steady at pre
vious prices.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2S.GC0; sheep, steady to
10c lower; lambs, 15@25c lower; good to choice
wethers, $3 40@^ 25; fair to choice mixed.
»2 2503 25: Western sheep, $2 75@4 25; native
lambs, $3 50Q5 60; Western lambs. $3 55®5 50.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
17.000; Texans, 1000; Western. 30C0; good to
prime steers. 10@15e higher, $5 60@6 10; poor
to medium. $3 90©5 25; stockers and feeders,
$2 4OC5T4 20; cows, $1 40@4 50; heifers, $2@5;
canners, $1 50<g2 70; .bulls, $2@4 75; calves,
$3 50@7 40; Texas fed steers, $2 85@4 40;
Western steers, $3 2504 50.
HOGS — Receipts Jo-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
20.000; lC@20c lower; mixed and butchers.
$5 704J-6 35; good to- choice heavy, $5 9l*Q<l 20;
rough heavy. $5 54XJ25 SO; light, $5 MXgij 40;
bulk of sales. S3 75@C 05. ,
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
demand and prices are a shade lower on South
ern. No. 1 foundry Northern quoted. at $17;
No. 2 foundry Northern, $10 B0; No. 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft, $18®
16 60. >;'-;??-?l'ff
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
11
LOCAL MARKETS.
Receipts of Potatoes continued '. light, but the
tone of the- market was easy, as there was no
Inquiry for shipping, and strictly fancy stock
alone received any ; attention. .. Merced Sweets
were well cleaned up and firmer. There was no
fresh stock rcelved, but one or two cars are
on the way and will be available to-day.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Spelter was quiet at $6 In the local market
and also unchanged In London, where It closed
at £21. uiffiwKsSwc?-. - .
Iron closed at r.Os 6d In Glasgow and at 44a
7ii<J in JJluJlesboro. Locally there was a slow
Copper lower in London at £55 7s 6d for spot
and futures at £55 5s. Locally copper re
mains quiet. Lake. $13 CO; electrolytic, $13 BO
casting. $13 25@13 37%. *•
Lead w.is dull and. unchanged at $1 CO In
New York and at £ll^Js Cd In London. . . '
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Tin was lower" In
London, spot declining 2s 6d to £118 5s. while
futures were 5s lower, at £118 5s. The New
York market, however, did not respond to the
foreign weakness, remaining quiet at $26 75®
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. - Sept. 23. — Cotton futures
closed barely steady net 11@1C points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
.The local trade quote a quieter Bean market
as the shorts have about filled their contracts'
The feeling, however, 'continues firm. An In
teresting rer>ort on the condition of the Michi
gan crop will be found In the flrst column
BEANS — Bayos. $2 75®2 90; Pea, *3 25 : But
ters, $3 25; small White. $3@3 35: large White
$3<&3 13; Pink, $3@3 25; Red. $2 00@3; Lima'
$3 COftS C5; Red Kidneys, $4; Blackeye, $2 G5ft
2 85 per ctl; Horse Beans, $l'40@l 150 ¦
. SEEDS — Brcwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70® 1 80; Canary
ftSSH" for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal- Race'
l%@2V5c; Timothy. 6©6%c; Hemp. 3Vi©:«V,c
per lbr Millet, 3@3ijc; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS-^Green, $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
N'FW YORK Pent. 23— Trading In stocks
,.:, " m , re active t^-day, although still dull, and
tb* nvrrapp level of prices ended the Oay eon
«-n»r&bl>' lower than la*t right. There w»s no
rcFist&no- to the market at any time an) the
only pau*' in the downward tendency was an
occasional period of stagnation In the dealings.
The relief measure of the money market mi an
r,r..Jnr«u.l *y Secretary Shaw was Generally re
carded tn the financial district as a good as
,uran«> against moner stringency thi« fall dur
ing the erop-roovfn* period. Rat Instead of
1,-ttmulatlng any buying of securities this wa.
taken advantage of to fell stock*. This fact
following the demor.Ftratlon of the «*me ten
dene! yesterday, when United EUte. Steel led
a «hort-lived advance. served to profoundly dis
courare the professional operator* tn stocks.
The ofTer of the Secretary of the Trea«nry to
anticipate the redemption of the Government
Ta> which mature next Ft- hruary offers to clear
advantage to holder* that there can be little
doubt of JU eeneral acceptance. The offer to
pay the Interest to maturity nowr Is a depart
ure from the usual cuitom of the department
which Is to exact a rchate for the unaccrued
Interest. The offer Is therefore in effect a pre
mium for tb« pr*«entlng of the bonds for re
(jemptlon. The additional yrm-lsJoa tna* State
New York Stock Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIALTHE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
12
HELP WAjrTBP MALE Con.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT,
C2IV— SACRAMENTO ST.— 620.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff St.
Caspar. Steamer sails to-day. Fee $1.
Big Tunnel. Mendoclno County.
Free Fare. Free Fare.
75 tunnelmen, teamsters and laborers.
Steamer Sails To-Morrow Moraine To
ASTORIA. OREGON— NEAR PORTLAND.
Fare $-3 with berth and meals. Fee $1.
25 laborers. $2 25; 25 rockmen. $2 GO day:
board $16 month, company work. Fee $1-
WILLITS. UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
25 teamsters and laborers, $2 "5, fee $1.
Bis tunnel, near city, free fare, fee fl; 20
muckers, $t'0; 20 drillers, $73.
Manufacturing company, steady job. fee $1:
20 laborers — you'll suit — $2 10 to $2 4O day.
20 laborers, handle and truck grain. $3 day.
Big mine, cheap fare. 2O* muckers. $67 50.
Private R. B,, near city, 20 laborers. $2 25.
10 crosscut sawyers, north, by rail, $52 found.
60 miners, all over State, fCO to $90.
8. P. R. R. Co.'s own work, free fare, fee $1.
200 section hands all over the State.
BUTTE CO. CHICO. BOSS HERE TO-DAT.
Diamond Match Company's Work. Few $1.
Half Fare. Half Fare.
125 teamsters, laborers, concrete men, rock-
men, drillers, f 2 25 to $2 60 day.
10 tunnelmen, new tunnel, $52 50.
60 laborers, trackmen, ballast and iron men,
also splkers. $2 to $2 50 day. . Fee $1.
Coal Miners. Oregon. Free Fare.
3 barkers, north, boss here, $4O and found.
8 raftsmen, lumber company. $3 to $3 60
day; 600 men. different Jobs, sawmills, yards
and woods, all over the State; 20 fanners and
teamsters — 500 fruit pickers and men to work
in dry yards, etc.. in 7 counties — big wages.
Bedmaker. lumber company's boarding-house,
$30 and found: hack driver. Eastern man.
country hotel, near city.
3 cooks, waiters and dishwashers, etc. We
have SCO other Jobs not advertised. Call and
get a free list of Jobs at the PACIFIC Eil-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. S2<> Sacramento »t.
FARMER and teamster. $30; line man for
donkey crew. 570 and board; 6 mor« car-
penters for country. $3 day; chortman for
resort. $20 and found; laundryman, private
family, $30 and found; man about place and
care for dogs, $30 and found: 2 farmers and
wives. $50 and $55 and found; blacksmith
helper. $2 BO day; 4 ranch team«ters. $1 23
day and found; 2 sheep herders- $3O and
found; young man for bathhouse. $30: milker.
$40 and found; farmers: chore boy; laborers,
company work. $2 25 day: 2 muckers. $2 50
day; and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Carpenters, plain carpenters^ rough
carpenters, trestle carpenters, Hume car-
penter*, for flrst-cla*s Job in country at $-1
a day; few tools needed. J. F. CItOSETT A
CO., tCS Sacramento st.
PORTER for resort. $25 and found: restaurant
cook. $S0 to $90; second cook, $33; hotel
second cook. $50 and found; nlsht cook
and waiter. $35 and found; oyster and
lunch counter man. $45; waiter for resort.
$25 and found, fare paid: dishwasher for
institution. $25 to $30 and found: inside
servant, private family. $20 to $25 and found:
hotel and restaurant porters, dlshivunhers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., i;2S Sacra-
mento st.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 488 Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair; foot-form shces at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth.ll
Third st». Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Fcr the U. a Marine Corps. abl<-
- bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 Vi N. Mala
St.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
MANAGER for a cloak and suit department:
one who Is thoroughly familiar with the line,
both managing and buying; good salary to
right party; state age. experience and refer-
ences; all communications strictly confiden-
tial. Box 4323, Call efflce.
WANTED — Fancy goods and notion man to gj
to Los Angeles; must be thoroughly expe-
rienced and competent to manage and buy
for department; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 1627. Call. ,'
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know |
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House, '
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; special offer th!« month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Blacksmith to repair wagons, etc.,
end horseshoeing. Fourteenth ave. and N st.
south. Kentucky-it, cars.
AN oiler wanted for a barber shop established
10 years: 2 chairs: receipts over $100 a month.
WEUSBORO & MURTVY. 75 Third st.
BARBER shop for sale: Commercial Hotel shop
In Stockton. Particulars, apply J. M. HART,
433 East Main st.. Stockton.
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap. Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East San Fernando st..
Ean Jose, Cal.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 2tt Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
OPERATORS on casslmere pants; stock work.
Corner Oough and Grove sts.
BOYS wanted. / COLOMBAT'S Factory. 113
O'Farrell st. I
STEADY, reliable German, tending bar; gener-
ally useful. Wlnehouse. 15 City Hall square.
BOY about 15 years old for men's furnishing
store. 424 Kearny st.
MCDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
2-CHAIR barber shoo for sale; must be sold; t
cheap. CCO Folsom st.
BARBERS — Good shop for sale. Apply D. B.
RICHARDS.-^ Sansome St.. room 60.
PENSION any. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Pheian
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2G Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7CO rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
GET your shoes half soled whjle waiting; 25c
to 50c. fifi-i Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
FOR SALE^ — Reasonable. 3 beautiful mares;
one with colt; well bred. Fourteenth ave.
and N St. south. * -.: ' • -. .:
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. th« big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
Call office.
TWO fine ponies for sale; ride or drive. Black-
smith shop. Folsom and Eleventh sts. -
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1575 Eddy it..
cheap saddle ar.d large brood mare. --¦-¦
FOR sale — Handsome trap: cheap. Box 1030,
Call office. ,
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey. harness, work. driving horses. 15th-ValencU
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. '227 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
rocart for sal* c'nean. CH2 Mission st.
HORSES WANTED.
HHRSE3 wanted. Call at 639 Bryant st.
HOli.SK>> TO LUf.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an lmmenss list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will aave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-253 Geary
st.. on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 210R. near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms; rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN tt HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — l-'dRMSHKI).
MAGNIFICENT marine view; comfortably fu-
mod. house: piano; furnace ;ref a. S511 Jackson.*
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished hou«e; loTooms
and 2 baths; large garden; grand view.
IHTOBMATIOar WAHTSP.
INFORMATION wanted of J. M. NTT7 by his
wife In Oakland. Cal. *
LOST AXD VOCXD, ~~~
LOST— Gray feather Boa. in neighborhood of
Fourth and Market sta.; a wHtabl. reward
will be paid by returning same to 412 Cole.
LOST— Fob. shape of horseshoe; dtaciond~ln
C^Vr^ r r*O?klan A d ddre3a °' *"' RODE - 8 ™
LOST T^5 ra f n no^-l»an4 San Mateo
car 6:30 Tuesday; reward. 37 Battery it
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MAI,B.
AN experienced gardener in all branches;
floral or landscape, new lawns, propagations,
orchards, \ines, pruning, grafting, curing cr
dried fruits, vegetables: also flrst-class but-
termaker: Cal. refs. and experience. Addresa
J. W.. 107 Minna St.. S. F.
UNION fcurber, a man of 50, speaking German
and English, sober and steady, wishes sit-
uation in city or country. Address Barber,
1025 Polk st^
POSITION as salesman with wholesale gro-
cery or commission firm In which half of
the day can be given to the work; salary or
commission. Box 1035. Call,
GERMAN, French, SnanUh. physical culture,
massage or nuistng for board, lodging, cloth-
ing or cash. Write V. L. PARKER, F. O.
Station M.
HEAD gardener wants a situation; 31 years of
age; strictly temperate; Civil Service 100 per
cent; best of references. Apply J. H. R.,
627 Post st. *
BARBER, flm-clae?. wants steady position
for Saturdays and Sundays. Box lij.'tl. Call.
POSITION wanted by unlncumbered, healthy,
active, reliable, honest, refined, elderly wid-
ower as companion to invalid or othere on
land or sea; guardian, custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address R. F.,
P. O. box 2163, San Francisco, Cul.
YOUNG man, experienced stenographer, indus-
trious and capable, wishes to secure a better
position In that capacity than his present
one; references. Box 1626, Call.
VALET, courier or butler position wanted by
man who speaks the general languages and
has traveled a grsat deal on land and sea.
Box 4350. Oil.
A YOUNG trustworthy man, just over from
Switzerland, with some knowledge- of the
English language, wishes work of any kind;
private place preferred. Box 4342. Call.
STENOGRAPHER, expert. Is open for engage-
ment; can guarantee ftrst-ciass work. Box
1022, Call office.
A SOBER young man would like a position
few hours during day or evening. Box 4319,
Call office.
FLORIST wants position In florist store or
greenhouses; city or vicinity. Address box
4351. Call office. .
WANTED — A position as traveling salesman;
can furnish best of references. Address A.
H. BECK, care Brooklyn Hotel.
WANTED — Situation as man about private
place; English; care of horses and garden.
J. M.. box 4344. Call office.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country: can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call office.
CUTTER and practical tailor; 15 years' ex-
perience; good reference. Box 4347. Call.
JAPANESE wants petition to dn cooking or
general housework; wages $5 50 up a week.
Address N. S.. 528 Stevenson ft.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wants place In
good family. 832 Clay St.. rear. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ruttffcrlptlons has teen established at 1098
Valencia st.
FIXASCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonde.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward building,
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
i
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St.. en the square.
NOE, 1056, cor. Elizabeth — A new C-room flat;
all modern Improvements; convenient to Cas.-
tro and Twenty-fourth st. cars; rent reason-
able.
S10_4-noOM flat. 144 Pfelffer. north of Chest-
nut: furnltur* can be boustht for 550. VON
RHEIN K. E. CO.. 513 California et.
BEAVER. 57, one block from Market and Six-
teenth sts. — Modern 9-room flat; very cheap.
LOWER flat of 0 rooms, bath, stationary tubs
and gas; reasonable. 524 Fell Ht.
GROVE, 7:<1 — Upper flat 6 rooms, bath; light,
sunny; adults.
FINEST new flat in Panhandle district; 7 sun-
ny rooms. 138 Bellevue st., near Halght.
2 ELEGANT new flats, « and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
VAN NES3 and Unlon*-7 and S new light
sunny rooms; modern; up-to-date; rent reas.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st. v
Fl'RSlTORE AVANTED.
A FAMILY fitting up a home desire to pur-
chase some sood furniture, eta Box 4353,
Call office.
A. AVOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. 834 Ellis.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Waitress for restaurant, $8 a week;
16 chambermaids and waitresses for city and
country hotels, f20 and $25; 5 nurse girls,
f25; 19 girls for housework at f30; 13
cooks, $30 and $35: cook, country ho-
tel. $40; 2 ironers, $9 a week; 6 second girls.
$25; 21 girls for housework In city, $25; 14
jtirl* for housework in country at $25, $3O and
$35, and lots of places too numerous to adver-
tise. Call to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st.
¦WANTED— A maid servant for American eld-
erly lady; must read to her and keep rooms
In order: very nice place; $25. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — A German or Scandinavian woman
to cook for » In help, for short distance in
country; $35; see lady In office to-day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 gutter et.
A— WANTED— G Iris to learn hatrdresstng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to A
In 2 weeks; $0 to those entering now; i po-
titiens to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 p«r week up; leadlnj acnool la
West 233 Geary St.. room 13.'i
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdresslnit
trade; manicuring, massage, etc: 1238 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wagen; day and eve. ¦ class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
YOUNG 'rjirl to assist in light housework:
hours 8- to 5; sleep at home; wages $10 per
month. Call at 1556 Grove st. "
VA NTED— Skirt and waist • hands, also ira-
prover. Room (53, St. Ann's building.
EAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ean Francisco
Ctl!, corner Msrket and Thud streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nicht !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montcjmery street,
ecrntr Clay; c»en until 9:30 p. m
3W Hayes street; open u^til ».3O p. m.
CT.» McAi!!c.»r etreet; open until P:39 p. tn.
C15 Larkln 6trect; oven until 9:20 p. m.
1341 Mission street; open until ?0 u. m.
2TC1 Market ctreet. corner Sixteenth; open I
cMtil 9 p. m.
11*6 Eleventh rtreet; open u»tll rt p. m.
IC96 Valencia, etreet: cpen until 9 P. m.
Ncrtheast corner Church and Duncan etreets;
cpen until 8 p. m.
Ncrthwett corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets: opes until 'J p. m.
22O0 Fillmore street: <QPn until '.* p. m.
MEKTI.VO NOTICES. ;
MISSION Chapter No. 7». R. A. M.— fi
Special mtetir.g THIS VY
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- / ? \
gree. By order of the H. P.
J.NO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A- m
M.. will meet THIS <THURSDAY) W
EVENING, September 24. at 7.30 /y\
o'clock. Third Degree. By ordrr cf
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Loose No. liro, F. and A. <9
M— Speciiil mating THIS tTUVliS-^snt
l'AY) EVENING at 7:30 ocl.-k. /V\
Third Decree. Master Masons cor-
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
1X>RIC Lodge No. 216, F- and A. M. — «
Special meeting THIS rTHL'RSr)AT)Vy
EVENING at 7:.J<> ./clock. Third />T\
Degree. Master Masons cordially in-
vited. By order of the Master.
'j. K. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodse No. 344. F. and B
A M.. 317 Deviuadero st. — First Df-VY
Kite THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING />r\
at 7:30 o'clock. Maeter Masons cor-
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. Ok JS
O. O. F.— Si*cial meeting THIS*X/^*
.THURSDAY) EVENING., Pa- /V
triarchal degree. X X
¦\V.. L. KOCH, C. P.
CALIFORNIA Lrdge No. I. K. of P.. -ft*
u-iil meet THIS rUUBUDAT at ft *^§&{f
l: m. Third rank lens form. \ is:- /5^y^
icre cordially invited. «£^5>^
ARTHUR O. DAVJF C C
R. N. M. LEXNAX. K. of R. & " g. ' '
THH San PfcUKtea Scottish ThlsiW r-y v
<lub meets THIS (THURSDAY* 2\ >£j?
KVENINU. Fraternity Haij. :s>{iTgjr
<.«'F»rreII ft.. at S o'clock "*^!Nt
"i-mcKer " follows.
GEOBGE W. MILLER, R.yal »;hief.
¦CEOBCg W. Paterson. Beamier.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders— Office of
Spring Valley Wcter Company, r.jon. 3, sixth
floor, 1^^ Stockton etret>t. San Francisco.
Cal.. Sej>lember 15. 1SC3 — To the stock-
holders of the Spring Valley V.'ater Com-
pany: Notice is hereby given that, pur-
suant to a resolution of the Hoard <j( Direct-
f« or the Spring Valley Water Company, a
• orjjoration, unanimously adopted en The lMh
Jay of September. 3903, at a mepting of
paid board, duly called and h»!d at the
"?fU* of said company in the city ar.d county
of ban FranciFco. State of Caiilornia, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora-
tion »1U be held at the office and principal
I Isce of business of said corporation, to-
« :t, in room thre*. sixth floor, la the build-
ing en the southeast conwr of Geary and
Stockton streete, in the city and county of
t=an Francisco. State of California, known
as No. 1-6 Stockton street, said building
lx>ing the builcing the Board of Di-
rectors of said corjKtration usually meet?,
and .-a: a reon; being the room in taid build-
ins where the directors and stcckhc Iders of
mid corporation usually meet, on Monday,
the 2Z& day of November, 1903, at 2 o'clock
p. El., for the object aud purpose of then
and there considering and voting upon a
Hiopotal to create a bonded indebtedness of
F«id Spring Valley Water Comriany in the
. ram of twenty-richt million ifSVOOC'.OOO 00)
dollar*, payable December 1. l'J^J, with in-
t'-rfctt thereon at the rate of 1 per cent
per annum, payable ?emi-annually. and prin-
cipal and interest payable in cold coin of
the United Statc-5 of America nf the present
t-tandcrd of weitht and fineness; and to
f-cure the bonded indebtedness, : o proposed
to b» created, by a mortgage upon or deed
••f trust of a!! the property of said corpora-
tion now enned cr which it may hereafter
acquire and durine the life or term of paid
mortjfafre nr d«*fd of trust. By order of
the Beard of Directors.
PELHAM W. AMES.
'¦-ecretary of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany.
At>t.\ l> M'AXTBO.
AGENTS sampl* case containing over 25 use-
ful household arti<-lef 25c: t-atl5factlon guar-
anteed. JAMES NOVELTY CO.. S. F., Cal.
AG1CNTS— A DOT money-maker. F. PERSON,
477 aj;d 47B I'arrctt building.
A1VO K .\ B V S- AT- LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 12 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. XV. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market si., offices 1. 2, 3. 4 and 5.
EEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any cne can advertise, but unless the adver-
useaent ea.ys "'Attorney at Law" the party
advertising :s not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. P5. 8!h Market; tel. Red 61S: bad ten-
ants ejecfd speedily and reasonably; collec-
uci6 attended to; attachments; corporations
organized: civil and criminal practice.
BOBT. vV. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rtn. C1I: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
'ree: no advance charges; call or write;
evenings i?y appointment. Tel. Ked 3601.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In meritori-
cbs cases, divorce*, probate and all other law
cases: no re*-* in advance; open every even-
rp J. M. THrRPTOX. $19 Market St.. r. 31.
L S. '"LARK. Kmma Spreckele bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
A1TKEN A A1TKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Our.!* bldg.. 503 California Bt.: tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful ail
law husinef<. W. W. Davidson. D27 Market.
DITOBCE — Ooata, $15; Quick, quiet; open cven-
ing*. 927 Marl:»-t ft., rocm 801.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
VOl'NG talking pal rots,$5 each :German singing
< ri via ri^ff , (If ¦ w«* will try to j d os ?** vou * c v*ry—
tiiirg in oar I.ne at richt prices. 154(5 Market.
BCS1XCS3 CHA.NCES.
FOR Bale — Furniture, carets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
in the cl»y> FWfllcft locality; partly fur-
nished and aiti.'iich just opened Is over half
filled with regular tenants already: long
- lease; if you want an apartment-house don't
fa!i to cet particulars of this at rooms 140J-
l«g, Call building.
EQUATOU Roa^houne; good paying house;
i-tcck. fixtures, furniture. 4 rooms: *tahl».
rhfdf. jcco/J cor. lot. S5 ft. front; good place
to make Rood money; this business will be
er>\r} i± ca?h. bal. on easy payments, on ac-
count death. Take San Matco cars, get off
county line; only cne fare; call to-day.
bTkEKV— Fine location In Mo Vl*ta; good
Laker will do well. Address PAN Mc-
GRAfGH, Rio Vista. Cal.
WILL sell cheap: eood restaurant; fine location;
cr le-a*e; low rent; no reasonable offer re-
fue«J:muft go Kast;no agents. Box 1707, Call.
$175 — Extraordinary bargain; see for yourself;
restaurant. 29 chairs; cleans S1C0 to JKVO.mo.
Wefiern Realty Co.. 1007% Market, room 1.
FOR sale — Cheap: grocery and bar: no agents.
1122 Harrison 6t., between "th and 8th,
FOR eale — The Golden Gate rest!«i:rant and
oyster house, at 2a Ninth st. ; ?•„'<».
WAFFLE wacon for sale; cheap. Apply at
1051 Fcisom ft. _
OYSTER-HOUSE. 126 Seventh St.; good- busl-
new; must be sold on account of eicknes?.
I-lRs>T-<_'LAS>S saiocn with 4 rooms and S
years' lea**: ch?ai> rent. Box 1621. Call.
FOR PALK — An tnride route on this papar.
F<-r rwrtlTjlarK aPP'y «t office.
iJopCi\o»nqgiiB» fou nalk.
V— FETERSEN REALTY CO.. 10.JO MarkeTiT.
— Special harrains Jn Market -et. houses — eo
r...n«-w. modern, central. 4-year leave, up to
<iat» in appointments, clear, will ox. for Ii5 to
:;f» r.. particulars and reasons In office: 3.1 r..
family, transient, offices, close In. make offer
und eet facts In office; 30- r.. central, lease,
«hraji rent, other business compels i%crlflce,
i*rm« very ea*>.
100 ROOMS; hcufe for men: rent 1140 $4000
FJ- rooms: *outh of Market: rent $100.. 2000
24 looms; corner: part ca*h: bal. easy. S50
II roon.*; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rocrnf : water front; rent $*0; lease.. C>0
;?0 rooms; coM lease: !ow rent 6*00
67 rms.: epaitmentf; Western Add.; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 l>er cent.
Hotel*. roadhoue'K. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL ft CARROLL. 212 Kearny ft.
COM-ECTIOX OKFICES.^^^
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
CHIROPODISTS.
DITNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— AU
ailments of the feet cured; corns, buolon«.etc.
SPIRITUALISM. * '
HUE. YOUNG'S convincing tert circle to- |
night, lCc; «?lfl McAllister. All pr!\at<» read- 1
lnxs dally, 70') Central ave., near Webster,
Alameda.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, '.he fa-
meue psychic: stump for circular. 1112 Eddy
tt.. near Octavla. r
MRS. EBERHARDTS fpirltual test meeting
to-night. S o'cJock sharp: 10c. 3251) 22d st.
KATIE EtEUSSMAN, circle Frlday~evenlng] '
25c; cluing*. 1000 Harrisen St., cor. Sixth.
EOWAHD EARLE. 3C52 El!!n. readings dally. '
<>-3»i in 4: «»«r?w Snn-Iny and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
My Regular £.'1 Readings This Week For
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1.- $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell you
whom and when yoa will marry; in fact. I
will telJ you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life Hours 10 A. M. to
8 P. M. : Sundays.2 to S. 32S O'Farrell st.. 32S.
MME~M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg. ; the reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mull. Tel. Black 45«3.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: readings hy mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life. ?5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c: gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourielf. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
OLDEtiT lady palmist and card reader in city.
2t>'? Kearny. room 2it; ladies 25c. gents &0c.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladles 25c, gents 50c; no sign. 413 Mason st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlnys dally. 44S'^ Jfgsie gt.. bet. 5th and Wth.
CAIU'ET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
AJK, compressed, dry. ice cold. Is now univer-
sally uted in eanitarlly cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
rend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
WKSTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S0D Har-
rison st.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 323 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating-
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 21fl
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpst-teating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Work*.
'-¦ 333 OoMen Gate ave. : t»lephon» Ea^ 126.
DENTISTS^
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144.1 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from S8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: full setiall work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Buih—
Set t.'eth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
' mmm — ¦¦^—^— — — i— i—— — — —
r>IIE««MAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
Mcl^V^LL^DTess^aklnig and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market
DRESSMAKING. 1S46 McAllister st^
ACCORDION, sunburst 8z knife plaiting. Stew-
art'e button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEANING.
6EA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3015 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL. ;
A^SAN~FRANCIPCO Business College. 12.16
Market st. — Practical, progressive' and relia-
ble; day and evening sessions; write for cata-
logue.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket *t.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening acsslons.
CALIFORNIA Business College, .105 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; pesitions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
danrtng; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes arc now open for the s*ason.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
irr the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Pheian bldg.
PRIVATE lesFons given to pupils behind In
grammar grade work. Further particulars,
address box 1773, Call office.
HEAL1XS School cf Mines & Klectricity.1'4 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Fester.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course: day «no evening.
ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St. ..Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.: <S*y or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion,nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookpg., $S nv>.
EJII'LOYiMKM 1 OFFICES.
GEORGE A0K1, 421 Post tt.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlehes best help: contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORl'HECM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42<s Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanere-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung'g. 411 H O'FarreH; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. .115 Stockton: Main 51&>.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY &. CO.. 040 Clay.
*^^ »^—^— .
LMPI.OYMBXT WANTED — FE3IALK.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl winheii position as
seamstress in private family as an experi-
enced dressmaker; Oakland or city. Box
1631. Call.
SITUATION wanted In real estate or oth»r of-
fice v/ork; No. 1 references. Box 1786. Call.
SWEDISH girl wants position as cook or house-
work: wages $SO. Call two days. 177 Perry.
WOMAN wishes situation as cook or general
work; lately from the East. 40 Shipley st.
f EXPERIENCED nurse would like a few more
case*; $10 per week. Box S27. Call office.
LADY; of refinement and culture wishes posl-
tlorf as visiting governess to youni? children
or would devote few hours dally to invalid;
good reader and musical. Box 4-"4S. Call.
WANTED by competent Danish girl, position
; to do second work or general housework;
Oakland or Berkeley prelerred: wages $25.
Addrets 408 Thirteenth Ft.. Oakland.
AN Eastern widow with one child wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; country preferred. Box
I00l>. Call.
A REFINED American girl wants position as
second girl In Email family; references. Bos
1610. Call. . - '
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 883 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore. ;
LOST A.XD FHi\R— Conilnneit.
LOST — On S. P. train, between Vallejo Junc-
tion and Santa Rcsa. a brown leather chate-
laine containing 2 diamond rings, marquis.
solitaire and cluster; also $50 and bin* Very
large- reward if return»c! to Silts. WM.
ROGERS. Kenwood. Sonoma County. Cal.
LOST — Sept. 1. bulldost: color brindi^; whlta
chest and feet; ears and tall cut- co!lar and
license; answers to name "Majsr" or "Kid"; i
$10 reward. U10 Baker st., near Geary-
LOST — A passbook With the Hlbernia Savtnsj
;t L 7 M s rA e Y y &£&£?» i&&:
The finder win pleasw return to bank.
LOST Brown hunting deg: license Xo. .^T;
name Fkio. Return S:>4 Market; reward.
COCKER spaniel (male): white spot on cbntS
license No. 3212. Appl- 511 Taylor: reward.
IT will pay to ••Remember" that the CaKfornt*
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. nee.la old
KO jd and silver to make new watch caai»a.
MEDICAL.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaint*: Instant relief guaranteed: M
years' experience;- removed to 828 Post st.
MRS DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
Kef guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
sold: price *2 5O by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price *^ f £L^ > R "PI.7' 1
only on receipt of price. O&GOOn BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.__ j
DR O W O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor.
tunate helped: the most difficult ewes treat-
ed; advice free. Of flee. 1018 Market at.
Dn. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: lnst. rei.e.:
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yra. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low feea.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2905 Folsom St.. corner
26th: rellsf $10; ladles' exclusive offlce.
DR and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR NG TOY KEE. 311> Powell at., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILUMiKV.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my mllllaery
opening to-day and to-morrow: imported an«i
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post at.
mSCPLI^ASEOCS — fOtt »AXB.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; in rolls eaay to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron tin or shingles: best for new roofa.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Markat fct.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engine*, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, aold.
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papera.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suit*. $7 50; dress pants. $0 60. Orlsi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny ¦:..
near Bush; cpen to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. p. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rent» gear machinery, en-
gine*, bctlers. water pipe, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
2 FIRST-CLASS tickets Frisco to Colo. Spgrs. :
1 male. dark, medium: I female, light, gray,
medium: good till Oct. 1». Bos ltSO. Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fln« chance tor
the risht man. Addresi N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific >ve.. Alameda.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at -52 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, fre*.
BOILF:KS. er.rlnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
Al ENGINE. 16x3«. slide valve, as good a*
new; bargain. Postofflce box 2C8H. S. F.
I A FINE 4%-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
SAFES — New and seeend-hand. THE HER-
; MANN SAKE CO.. 417-423 Sa?raraento st.
I A JULES JURGENSEN 5-mlnut-» repeating
1 watch: very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
I PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth »t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. «»le. rentai.
bargains, liullard A Breck. 131 Post at.
MILKS of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILTCY A SONS. 1C!> Vallejo st.
MOVING picture lilm and song slides. WJ
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
tt CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains .camp stools and chairs -.hamtnecics.
metal bed».mattr«ssM.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Eacigalupl. t>33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. *M Fremont st.
ASK for prices on secnr.d-hand typewriters: >,i
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Monfsy.
I Ml^KLLAXEOlS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand wood working ma-
chinery. Address box 4243, Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing ami
theatrical goeds. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2*51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. : phone Hush 434.
31OM2Y 'VO LO.U.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-B02-61K1 Examiner bulldlac
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
sV>s- Save escenaes by deallnz directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
! ests. assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
I Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential,
f When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 4
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their not*
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best terms; quickest iervic« and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employe* and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-C) Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry, i:
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S19
Market st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding- houses, without
security; easy payments: lancest buslnesa ta
-S'J principal cities. Ttolmao, 353 Farrott btdff.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant a»e..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.COQ.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans tu sa'.iri-i
people on their note.
THE TOUSLET CO 143 Pheian bid*.
MONEY to loan on low interest; po!d. sllvsr.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 7C3 Market. *
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle hid*.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal-
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.. fioor ?*
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. ,VW Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyominjt loans money ta
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bM
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
t~*wr. MOTtRHJ,. r-fif> Fxamiver M,1g.
MUSICAL i INSTRUMENTS.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman* Hyde upright %\n
Fllsher ••.•••.•..«... ' jt«
Singer [[[Wi]]]' iJK
2 Ste^nways *i«j" 30..
I C J»ifi'" ln «» ••••-• S3 IW
a Helnes 237 3V,
m*n% |*4 2 up"' aPPly ° n : tMt * U -
HEINE PIANO CO., 2S3-Tt7 Geary tt lari-
est exclusive, piano house cf the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers will be *old at actual tost
to save return ot freight. 237 Geary «t.
BT i?I^ nVAY »» rt * c *- l«ft by private party.
$168; a great bargain. 237 Ceary at.
WE rent the best piano la tho city for $3 p*r
month; a few fine ones for $3 60; « months
rental allowed on purchase price. Something
new — the Scott Curtaz "BUou " ¦> Ijttl*
HJ y w l th * blB tone - Wlu *° through th»
!J2r v£ 8t .5!? orway - For reat or *ox ««le. Tho
McFnei) piano; a masmtficent Instrument.
The Schiller piano; best quality for th»
money on the coast. Some big bargains In
J? 00 .:* 3 d P !ano »- SCOTT CURTAZ Piano
Co.. EU>-ti2-64 Hayes st.: tel.. Fell 5761.
A FEW good bargains, from *tiO up. includlnz
such makes as Mason & Hamlin Vose
Sterling. Marshall & Wendell, FUcUer Ktrk-
tnann. Carlitt. Weier Pease. Kohler & Cha«»
and many others; easy payments, benj. Cur-
ta» A Son. l»t O'Farrell: co branches In S. P.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In Saa
Fran-isco to get a good reliable piano cheao
Before our rerr.oval we win sacrifice any la~
ttrument for cash or Installments. Call or
T* 1^ ?«.5 rlC€ " * nd ttrma •« one*. KOHLER
tk CHASE. Established 1850. 50 p-FarTe!-?
173— Upright ptar.o; * Gabler* rood taa& HQR_
HUNG, 218 MeAUtotw «.
HELP WAITED — FEMALE Con.
A GIRL to work in a bath house in city, $1
a day. MI8S PLUNKETT, 425 SutUT at..
near Powell.
A NURSE to care for two children for Arizona.
$30, see party here; a cook for family of 4
in city. $35; a waitress and parlor maid, San
Rafael, $:t0; a seamstress and chambermaid
for private family. $26; a cook (German
style) for lunch house, $12 a week, no Sun-
day work. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St.. near Powell. '
A GERMAN or Swedish working housekeeper;
must do plain cooking for six persons, wages,
$30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. C0DE-PORTWO0D CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32Vi FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home, evenings or spare time and return
to U3; no mailing or canvassing; *9 weekly
earned; materials free. Inclose self-address^
ed envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.
No. W 4 Ninth ?t.. Philadelphia. Pa.
BOOKFOLDERS and sewers; girls 15 to 17
wanted ta- learn the trade; steady employ-
ment and good wages paid while learning.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento »t.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn hair work,
hair dressing and manicuring; paid while
learning. Apply Rt HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser; none others need
apply. Call 'nt MRS. DIEHL'S, C28 Four-
teenth st., Oakland.
WANTED — Young woman for office: state age,
experience and salary expected. Box 1636,
Call office.
WANTED— Hair workers to do piece work at
home; paid well and no experience necessary.
Apply box 1638, Call office.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott bulldl ng.
WANTED Immediately— Good healthy wet-
nurse. Apply 209 Twenty-eighth, nr. Church.
FIRST-CLASS waitress. $R. Capital Restau-
rant, 200 McAllister St.. above Hyde.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work and cooking. 1C22 Geary st.
GIRL for housework and assist in cooking. Call
after 9 a. m. at 1237 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLAPS stenographers furnished Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
GIRL to learn typesetting on monthly; $3 at
start. 51G Commercial st.
IMMEDIATELY, certificated teachers for Cal-
ifornia district schools. 518 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Younc girl to assist In upstairs
work. 1268 O'Farrell st.
SECOND girl for Sonoma, $20. Apply 2210
Central ave. ; car fare paid.
WANTED— Girls to pack cardT Afply NE.
corner Eighth and Brannan sts^
GIRLS wanted; box department. Mutual L. fl
L. Co., 2d & Bryant. Bryant-st. entrance.
WANTED — Experienced waist trimmers and
Fktrt hands. Apply COX & DAUGHTERS.
1514 Pine st.
SECOND girl: French or Italian preferred:
references required; wages $25. Apply 1200
Geary St., bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
GIRL wanted to do housework and plain
cooking; German preferred. Apply bet. 2 and
5 o'clock at 1139 Folsom st.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once, AMES * HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
mento St.
LUNCH waitress wanted. 515 Valencia st.
LADY agents on salary. Call » to 6, office 59,
Columbian building, 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
rubs:r!pt:ons has been established at 10<J6
Valencia St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Offle.
420 Bush *t ..642 Clay B t.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers, Reno, Nevada... $2
100 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Golconda. Nevada $2
100 laborer!!, Beowawe. Nevada $2
Hoard $4 50 week.
Absolutely free fare '. .Office fee $1.
FOR CASPAR TUNNEL. MENDOCINO* CO.
Laborers, pick and shovel men $2
Steamer sails to-day Free fare.
Tunnelmen, muckers, laborers, Marln Co.,
$2 25.
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR AL1 .
ABOVE.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.. CHICO, CAL.
Rockmen. laborers, J225. $2 50; rate fart
$2 80.
Outside salesman, grocery wholesale > house.
$100; 20 trackmen, new R. R. work, $2 25
day. nominal fare; 6 quartz miners, Shasta
County, $3 a shift; 10 teamsters. Solano
County. 9 hours' work, $2 25; 20 laborers,
city and vicinity. $2. $2 25 day; 20 fruit
Dickers. Yolo and Santa Clara Counties. $1..
$1 15 day and board: 2 gardeners, $25; 10
teamsters.' different ranches. $25. $30 and
$1 25 day; choremen, handy men and others.
Second cook. $50; dishwasher. $30. same
country hotel: cook, small country hotel, $40;
waiters, country hotels. $30. $35; dishwash-
ers, kitchen hands, pot washers, bell and
elevator boys; porter, $30; bell boy, $15,
country hotel South, see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agency.
420 Bush st..... 642 Clay st,
A SECOND cook for an Institution, $30 and
found: a man to do Indoor work around an
institution In city. J25 and found; mast be
a Catholic and have references; a man to'
work around a doctor's office. * $20 and i
found; a second butler. $35. MISS PLUNK- !
ETT. 425 gutter st.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Night portej. 530; dishwasher. $35; vegetable
. man, $30; help's waiter. $25; ,; chef, $90.
YOUNO.'men everywhere copy letters home j
evenings; $9 50 week. Send addressed envel- |
ope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4. box
1411, Philadelphia, Pa. , ¦
TRY' our men's shoes. : union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form" shoes at |2 50;'we pay
cxprets or mail chrjts. 11 Third St., Exam. bid.
WANTED— Dishwasher, small restaurant; $8
week; >$ day Sunday. 25S5 Market, nr. 16th.
HELP WA1TTED MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S43.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45^000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
f>6»7 men wanted to-day for
A «JZONA. OREGON.
NEVADA. ' WILLITS. UKIAH.
And all polnta north, east, south on South-
ern Pacific and Santa Fe system; free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands. Muckers. Drillers.
Extra gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES— TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
PC miners, all over State, *»0 and $S2 50.
165 drillers, all over State. $82 50. $75.
3C4 laborers and muckers, everywhere $60.
f 75, $82 5U.
«4 timber men. carmen, furnace men 860
to ?90.
DIAMOND MATCH CO. — $1 FEE.
ISC laborers, teamsters, drillers etc. $70,
$8i55O.
FRUIT PICKERS— $1 FEB.
137 fruit pickers, men or boya, $30 to $37 50
found <
STABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES
236 farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40
found.
50 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30
to $50 found.
26 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30
to $40 found.
19 stablemen, city and country jobs $30 to
$60 found
MURRAY 8: READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd,
Bedmaker, city lodging-house. $35.
Baker, shop, fare $4. $50 found.
Office boy. run errands, city, $5 week.
16 elevator boys and porters.
Steward country hotel.
MURRAY & BEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
3 slack coopers, 9c; 2 lathers. $2 50 per M.
Boxmaker, $2 25 day; 8 cabinetmakers.
Cutoff sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
2 men, build fences ranch, 50c fare, $40 fd.
15 boys for factory, city. $1 to $1 25 day.
86 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers, all over California. $50,
$60 $70. $S0 $90 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
630 laborers and teamsters, city and country,
eome factories mills, warehouses, excavat-
ing building 'etc., many in San Francisco,
lota to board home. $2. $2 25, ?2 50. $2 75
day; 96 carmen and furnace men, $67 and
$75; 3563 positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
Best places at MURRAY & READY'S.
Biggest wages at KU-63C Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
16 carpenters, large company, fare $1. $90.
:{8 carpenters, electric iK>wer trust, $90.
26 carpenters, flume work. $90.
16 ranch carpenters, ?8 day. r
MURRAY & READY. 634-6o5 Clay bL
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
IN 4 STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
196 mill yard men, $50 to $150.
365 woodchoppers.
2S7 tiemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $00, $70, $S0, ?90, $100.
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C3C Clay st.
SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
TO-DAY.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
Marysville, Chlco, Placerville.
1S6 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go, $82 50. $75,
$67 60.
INSIDE FACTORY WORK.
12 laborers, your fare paid $60
BIG SAWMILL.
Head Dolbeer engineer, $t»0; 2 spool tend-
ers. $55.
.1 log loaders. $C5; 2 timber fellers. $60.
Band resawyer.
FRESNO— FARE PAID.
20 laborers rawmlll, yards, etc. $40 fd up.
9 HOURS' WORK IN CITY.
15 laborers, handle pipe etc., board home,
$2 25 day.
TO MINE— FARE $2 50.
25 laborers, you'll -suit, steady. $42 fd.
SANTA C Ivl. i* COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber. SCO.
WILLITS— UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc., free fare,
$67 50.
SPECIAL— SHORT HOURS.
16 laborers 55c fare. 9 hours' work, $67 50.
NEW JOB— COUNTY ROAD WORK.
55 laborers. 'anybody can do It, fare $1, $C0.
ELECTRIC LIGHT SYNDICATE.
155 laborers, teamsters, carpenters' helpers,
$90. $67.
RESERVOIR WORK.
96 teamsters, laborers fare $1 20. $60. $67 50.
1 FREE FARE.
26 laborers, only 14 miles away, $42 found.
165 Iron men. splkers and track laborers. $75.
10 laborers, gold mine, southeast, $82 50.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS — OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal mirsrs, Oregon. $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUN'NEIA-HALF FARE. ¦¦¦%,-
«."! tunnelmen $82 50.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $30, $.35, $40, $60,
$70, $80 and found.
•Pigs' feet shaver, ?2 25 day; handy man with
knife, ?2 25.
3 meat cutters. $15 we*k.
Best Wages at MURRAY & READY'S.
Best Places at C34-636 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVES. ~ ~~
$2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK.
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
1. "5 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
155 Austrlans or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russlanp; new work
MURRAY & READY. C34-63« Clayst.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS.
6 laborers, handle fruit city warehouse, $2
to %1 25.
2 young men paint roofs, $2 day; baker, $13
week.
.1 teamsters, hop ranch. S"2 50 found.
Ohoreman about institution. $25 found.
Teamster, light city wagon, $13 week.
3 painters, stripe and letter. $2 50 to $3 day.
M laborers Inside factory. 20c fare. $60.
Laundryman, all around, rare $1 25; $2 50
day.
4 laborers, hay press, south. $2 day found.
Milker and cheese maker, south, $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 036 Clay St.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third St.. jjr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON. OOLCONDA AND RENO
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
1C9 laborers. ?2 a day.
We Ship Dally On All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
91 section hands, all parts of California,
! Coast line and Western division.
Merced and Fresno To-day.
WOODSMEN.
2 timber fellers. $(J<> a month and board. "
2 buckers, $50 a- month and board.
2 lookouts, $40 h month and board.
2 waterbucks, $40 a month and board.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
7 laborers, sawmill. $.>5 and board.
10 lumber pliers and yardmen. $35 & board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 coal miners. 00-foot vein. $1 a ton; we ship
Monday and Tuesday.
THHESHINO MACHINE CREW.
4 hoedowns, $2 60 a day and board.
4 teamsters. $1 60 a day and boanl.
0 pitehenj, $1 ."0 a day and board.
FREE FARE.
BIG MILL— SOUTH.
4 lumber pliers. $1 50 a day and board.
3 car loaders. $1 50 a day and board.
ASSISTANT stock rUrk Mil *\\ a--«i:ii.->r>* *n
packing department. ROOS BROS., K<arny
and Post sts. ¦ -
ERRAND BOY. ROOS BROS.. Kearny at
Post.
FEEDERS wanted with some experience, on
printing press or folding box press. Mutual
L. and L. Co.. Second and Bryant sts., Bry-
ant-street entrance. __^
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 50c
and 60c. while you wait at 563 Mission st.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts. or 11 Third at.
BOYS wanted. GREENBERG & GREEN-
IlERG, 31-37 Grant ave.
WANTED-^-Errand boy. * A. BEUBERT &
BROS,, 1450 Market st.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Satter st. ' ¦ . ¦ -
WAITER for small restaurant half day Sun-
day. 2585 Market st., near Sixteenth. \
GOOD tailor at A. HULTEN'S, 118 Montgom-
ery avenue.
STEADY waiter wanted. 922 Battery st.
WANTED— Butcher. Apply 120 Ninth st.
WANTED — Dishwasher and porter for a good
hotel in country. Apply at 616 Clay st.
BOY wanted for printing office; paid while
learning. 109 California St.; top floor. ~
' WANTED— Experienced porter. Inquire at
| 601 Geary, st. ; call between 7 and 8.
FIRST-CLASS steady waiter wanted; also din.
: ner waiter. . 29 Stockton st.
FOR sale — 2 -chair barber -shop and living
I rooms; a bargain. Box 1C33, Call.
; FOR sale — Hotel Pleasanton barber shop; rea-
j fionable; owner going East. •
BARBER shop for sale-price $200; hydraulta
.; chairs. ... Apply at 473 Hayes st.
BARBER shop for aale' very • cheap.' Address
J. GON SALVES. Vacavllte. Cal.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORNE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
Do you need some flrst-class plumbers
Who'll do faithful work— not play
And waste time like any bummers.
If you give right hours and pay? "*
Let this paper have your "Want Ad,
And before the day is passed
Will men to fill the bill be had
Who will stay while jobs shall last.The sum of $10,000 wa9 collected by
Hanover student societies for .the erec
tion of a statue of Bismarck. The pro
ject has had to ' be abandoned for the
present, however, owing to the failure
of the bank In which trie money wu da-
' Alameda County.
formerly B&stk, V E of Genoe E 113."^
N 135 lots 25. 26 and portion 24, . block 22,
Alpine Tract (recorded September 21, 03), Oak
la puKet 10 Sauna Lumber Company (corporation)
gi W 35 8 15. W 122.96. S 38, lot 6 and
no'rtlon lot 11 map subdivision block C, Cham
plS TtMt (recorded September. 21, 03), Brook.
ly Samuei nS and' Florence C. Breck (wife) . to P.
A Johnson lot on E line of Union etreet, 100
B at 'Atlantic avenue, S 50 by E 108. lots
21 and^ 22 block B8, resubdivlsion block 08
and portion block 51. Encinal (recorded - Sep
tember 21. 03). Alameda; $10... _
PhillD Aaplnwall or Aspenwall and Belle
AsDinwall to Timothy O'Leary, lot on B line
of -Walton or Thirty-fifth street, 6G1 W of Tel
elraph avenue. W 40 by S 120:3. lot 18. map
A. C. - Brown's • subdivision block 2060. Oak-
Paciflc "improvement: Company '.(corporation)
to Thomas F. and Mary N.. Rayon (wife), lot
on- NW. corner of Charter and -Grcve streets,
N 129-4V4 by W 34.09, . belne, W 34.09 feet of
lot 48. Tuttla Tract. Oakland: $10. * - .
Blanche I- Ferry (by O. E. Hotchklss. at
torney) to* UHlan . McDonald. . lot on ; SB . line
of Oakland avenue, 40:6 SW ; of Pearl,_ SW
5 SE 09 NE 9, NW 99, Dortion lots 1 and 2,
block B,' map lands Oakland View Homestead
Association, etc., Oakland ;. $10. ' j '
•¦ Frederick ¦¦. Stone (executor rstate .- Sarah ,- F.
Stone, deceased) ¦ to Clara E. Hutchinjjs, all
Interest In lots 39 to 41. ¦ block R, map resub
divislon . portion - Roberts & Wolfskill > Tract.
Oakland: $645.,, ¦
' John F. Btewart to- Nellie C. Stewart^ lots
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIOira.
N 40 by W 122:1, being S 40 feet of lot 26, sub
division map of block 7. Central Park Tract.
Berkeley: gift.
Mary B. Wilson (widow) to W* James Wil
son (married) lot on S line of University ave
nue, 23B E from E Un« r>f right of* way at
California and Nevada Railroad, as condemned,
etc., 236 D. 2S1 and 268 D. 224. being NE cor
ner of land now of Mary E.' Wilson, thence 3
137.64 by W 84:5. portion of prat 64. Ketlera
berger*s map of Ranches V. and D. -Peralta*
Berkeley: $10. . ¦ .. ., . -
• William Devon. Mary Roberts (Dwm), Altc*
Scott (Devon), Thonoaa; Dwvon. William Jr..
Michael, Patrick and Charles Devon (by
Charles A. Mau, attorney) to George Schmidt,
subdivisions 24 and 26.. subdivision map of lots
1 to 4. Peralta Park. Berkeley; also lot on
NE corner of Fifth and Holyoke streets. E
25. N 100. E 26, S 100. B 82, N 127:8, W 13O.
S 127:6. lots 23. 24 and 26 to 28. block 53. tract
B, Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation. Berkeley; flO. , . '
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to Lizrto Jo
hannessen. lot on W line of Grove street. 148
N. of Ashby avenue. N 40 by W 122:27, block
10 map - of subdivision of block 10, Central
Park Tract. Berkeley (subject to mortgage of
$19C0); $10.
Helen M. Beane (widow) and 'William W.
Worlock to John W. Beane. lot on W line of
Park street 110:2^4 S of Baena Vista avenue.
S 35:m. W 106:2%. N. 35. etc.. B 107.60.
block 46 of T. A. Smith's map of blocks 47 and
48, lands adjacent to Encinal Minturn Tract.
Alameda. quitclaim, deed; $10.
Heron-Holcomb Company (a corporation) to
Frank Cornick. lot on N line of Spring street.
382:6 B of Piedmont avenue, E ZTlfS. S ' 103.
to beginning-, B 17:6 feet of lot 14 and W 20
feet of lot 15 Spring Tract, Oakland; $10.
M. S. Dewing to Hattle F. Dewing. 5.33
acres W of Shattuck avenue. 440 N of center
line .of Temes.cal Creek or 206.75 N.from cen
ter line! private drive from said avenue to res
idence of J. E. McElrath. thence SW 701.03.
NW.33O NB 719.09.- SB 330.85. portions plats
4S and '96, map Rancho V. v an<i D. "Peralta,
etc.; Oakland, quitclaim deed; gift.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) ' to Bessie
G. Waldron. lots 9 and 10, block B, Huntoon
Tract, Piedmont, Oakland Township: $10.
Julia C. and Edward Buxton to Gonzalo E..
AzroL.'D. and Americus A. Buxton. all lands
of • flrat parties In Alameda County . and . all
interest in all lands in State of California and
abandonment of homestead rights, warranty
deed: $1.-
Gonzalo. E. and Sarah A. H.« Buxton (wife)
and Eva L., Azro L. D.. Lenora L. and Amer
icus A Buxton to S- A. Coburn, about 1.17
acres NW ¦ of Telegraph road (now Claremont
avenue) distant 223.75 SW of Us intersection
with dividing line between plats 75 and 76.
thence SW 130. NW 475.43 NB 218. SB
302.18 to beginning, being all lands of Julia
C and Edward Buxton, on February 16, 1900.
conveyed to G. B. Buxton et al.. Berkeley; #10.
8 A. or Squire Alonzo Coburn to J. 'D. Lay
man, earne. Berkeley; ?10. _ W_ , .
Edward B. Norton; to Lottie E. Norton. .lot
on "W- lino of Grove street," 200 N of. Prince,"
Lillie. T. 1 Lynch (Yates) and Henry C. Lynch
(husband) to Ne w ton. S. Farley, lot on W lino
of Chestnut street. 130 S of West Eighteenth.
S 43 by W 118. block 697, Boardman's map.
Oakland; *10. . '
10, 14 to 1S..W 20 feet of lot 25. E 20 feet of
lot '26. W 20 feet of lot 53 and E 20 feet of lot
62,- lots 60,- 70, 72 to 75/ map No. 2, William
M. -Butters Tract, Oakland and- Emeryville.
Oakland: gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage Company
(owners) with J. W. Mitchell (contractors), ar
chitect Herbert B. Maggs-^-Alteratlona and ad
ditions to a two-story warehouse building on
SW corner of Sansome and Lombard' streets,
S 48 by W 118; $3100.
Arabella Hopper (owner) with Edward Cole
man (contractor and architect) — All work ex
cept sewering, plumbing, gasfltting and 1 tin
work for alterations and additions to a three
story frame building on S line of O'Farrell
street. 162:6 W of Larkln, W 30 by S 120;
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (owner) with O. E. Brady & Son (con
tractors), architect Charles J. I. Devlin — Ex
cavation brick and iron work for a four-story
bullding"onNW corner of Valleo and Dupont
streets. N 88 :9 .by .W, 68 :9; $1789..
Milk Inspection in New York.
In order to -secure certification of his
milk by the Milk ¦ Commission of New
York City the dairyman must have a
clean cement floor stable, with white
washed walls, and abundant . windows.
Cows must be sponged and their tails
scrubbed before : each .milking. White
suits must . be ; -worn by \ attendants, .bot
tles and utensils. scalded and filled bottles
kept ; on ice and shipped only in refrig
erator cars.
Goofcaaner^s Poor Throw in the Sixth
Gives "Washington the
¦Winning Run.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. ,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— La Joie's bat
ting helped Cleveland to overcome a long lead
Washington gained In the first inning, but a
poor throw by Gocknauer in the sixth gave the
locals the winning run. Attendance. 1300
Score :
R. H. B.
Washington 7. 7 0
Cleveland ....6 10" 1
Batteries — Townsend, Lee and Drill; KIHian
and Abbott.. . k
'NEW YORK, Sept. 23. — Both teams divided
honors In to-day's double header. ¦ Good hit
ting beat the locals In the opening game and
the good work of Howell did much to win the
second. Attendance, COO. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 7 10 3
New York ... 4 6 3 :
Batteries — Slevers and Kahoe; Wolfe and Be
vllle.
Second game— R. H. E
New York 4 8 0
St. Louis 1 6 3
Batteries — Howell and Beville; Powell, Bug
den and Kahoe.
BOSTON. Sept. 23.— Detroit took both games
of a double-header from Boston to-day. Don
ovan kept Boston's hits well scattered in the
first game, but Detroit's errors made the score
close. The second game was easy for Detroit
as Winters was ineffective and wild. The frame
was called at the end of the eighth Inning on
account of darkness. Attendance, 5216. Score:
First game— * R. h. E.
Detroit 5 9 2
Boston .'.. 4 10 2
Batteries — Donovan and Buelow; Dlneen and
Farrell.
Second {rame— ¦ R. H. E.
Detroit 8 10 1
Boston 1 6 2
Batteries— Mull in and McGulre; Winters and
Crlger. . .
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 23. — A wild pitch
by White In the tenth inning gave the locals
the winning run to-day. Attendance, 3100.
Score: , ". ,
R. H. E.
Chicago • 1 1 2
Philadelphia 2 6 0
ISatt cries — White and Sullivan; Bender ana
Powers.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURa. Sept. 23.— There was nothing
but hitting and run getting on Pittsburgh side
after the first inning. Attendance. 3400. Score:
R. H. E.
Pit ts burg 15 22 3
New York 7 11 2
Batteries— Phillippl and Phelps; Taylor and
Warner. Umpires — Emslle and Johnstone.
I/A JGXH HITS HARD
BTTT CLEVELAND LOSES
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THITRSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903.
13
nOOSIS TO LET Fnrn. «»"«*_ J^?.*"*""'
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, Mason— Elegantly j
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 B0 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HAIGHT. 611 — S beautifully furnished sunny
front rooms; suite or single; reasonable. j
. . .• HOTEL GRAYSTON'E
C6 Geary St.: phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel: elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles. - 1
JACKSON, 2313, bet. Flllmore and Webster^ —
Large funny bay-window front room; fur-
nished; mi i table for two; bath; reasonable. j
JESSIE, 363, E. of U. S. Mint— Furnished
front rooms; $5 per month. .
MONTGOMERY, 131— Newly fur. sunny double
rooms; gentlemen; mo. 8, week $2, day 50c.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms -and >
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
ROY\AL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms t>er nlcht, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to ?S; month, f8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Front
sunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone 1
Page 5751. .
THE FALMOUTH, 1049a Market St.; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WEBSTER, 56 — Elegantly furnished front par-
lor suite of rooms; all conveniences: private
family;, for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. •
STEVENSON~Mansion, 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service: lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms: choice locality; ref.
WASHINGTON, 1402 — Nicely furnished room,
with or without board.
SUNNY front suites with board. C15 Taylor St.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day, September 28, 1903, at 2 p. m., at the
office of the association. Point Lobos ave.,
for the election of four " trustees, etc. By
order of the board of trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will be closed September 15,
1003, at 3 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1003. By order of the
Board ot Directors '
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 8. 1903.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia. Pa.
DR. A. E. ¦„ NEUMEISTER, Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary st.; ter. Private Exchange 21 C.
PENSION attorney; M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.,
Ban Francisco: 14 years' experience.
SPECIALISTS.
cTrARMtTDEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
roent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter Ht.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERINO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medl-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN^YPEwluTERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals >3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 586 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. __^
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inanecy Co.. 60S Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage- license* were issued
yesterday:
John L. Durein, 29, Alameda, and Alice E.
Fluhr, 20. 631 Noe street.
Peter Knudsen, 36, 1242 Battery street, and
Mariame Borensen, 36, 116 Oregon street.
Irving H. Sanborn, 24, 3144 Twenty-second
etreet, ami Bessie E. Pennlngton, 23, 1015
Shotwell street.
Francis B. Dougherty, 28, 870 Bueh street,
and Gertrude M. Cosgrove. 22, 1430 Jackaon «t.
Alexander B. Turner, 28, Raymond, and Liz-
zie Gaul, 29, city. .
Otto RosLnski. 30. 34 Ellis street, and Marie
Antoinette Moench. 19. 2C1 Jersey street.
Samuel N. La Beau, 29, 158 Fourteenth
6treet, and Annie Fagan, 26, 1564 Kentucky »t.
Henry W. Fiege, 27, Reno, Nev., and Min-
nie Loop, 20, Stockton.
Wlllard W. Glidden, 21, city, and Ethel V.
Stympton, 18, city.
Charles Vehlhaber, 37, 223 Fourteenth street,
and Caroline Hlnea, 36, 223 Fourteenth street.
John Schoenfelder, 02, Oakland, and Fanny
Gschwandner, 49, Oakland. . •
Herbert D. B*an, 27, city, and Caroline C.
Han6en, 20. city. - -
John H. Lynch, 80, 723E Tehama street, and
Catherine M. King. 29. New York City.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
lndoraed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANDREWS— In Sausalito, September 22, 1003,
to the wife of Frank G. Andrews, a son.
SPENCE— In this city. September 11, 1903, to
the wife of Frank Spence, a son. .
MABBIED. — —
MEYER— STAHL— In this city, September 22,
1003, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Edwari
Meyer and Matilda Stahl.
DIED. •
Alken, Edward F. McMahon, Anna
Davis Lucy J. Nosier, Orace V.
Dlspaux, John I. Shcahan, Charles L.
Finda, Carolina Bwanson, Emma
Oomo, Louise C. Tompkins, Joseph
Haker, George F. Upton, Susie D.
Hooper. Thomas C. Walsh, Patrick
Krogh. Caroline F. ' Wood, Katie E.
McAullffe, Florence
AIKEN— In Oakland, September 23, 1903, Ed-
ward F. Alken, beloved father of Edward
F. Alken of Portland,. Or., James H. Alken
of San Francisco, Jesse Alken of Sacra-
mento, Mrs. Mary E. Meckfessel of Oak-
land, Mrs. E. B. Abbott and Mrs. Charles
Randall of San Francisco and Mrs. Kather-
ine Gamble of Dakota, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 70 years. A member of Cali-
fornia Lodge No. 15S0, KnighU of Honor,
of Sacramento; Oakland Lodge, Knights and
Ladles of Honor; California Pioneers of Sac-
ramento, and the A. O. 17/ W. Lodge of
Sacramento.
DAVIS— In this city, September 22, 1003,
Lucy Jane, beloved wife of George Davis,
and mother of Ida M., Aaron W. and Georg-*
ina Davis, Mrs. Emma L. 'Lease and Mrs.
F. C. Evans, a native of Warren." Me.. ag«d
61 years 4 months and 6 days. (Rockland
and Thomaston, Me., papers please copy.) .
ICT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, September 20, 1903, at 10 o'clock,
at her late residence, 147 Fourteenth ave-
. nue, near California street. Interment Cy-
. press Lawn Cemetery.
DISPAUX— In this city. September 23, 1&03,
John I., beloved son of John T. and the late
Elizabeth Dlspaux, and brother of Claire
Dlspaux, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years 2 months , and 6 days.
CTInterment private.
FINDA — In Alameda, September 23, 1903,
Carolina Finda, beloved niece of Mr. and
Mrs. John Randegger. a native of Vienna,
aged 25 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral services
Thursday, September 24, at 2 o'clock, at- the
residence of J. Randegger, 16 • Mastlck ter-
race. Cremation ' Oakland . Crematory;
GOMO — In Sacramento, September 22, ' 1903;
Louise C, dearly beloved daughter of Cath-
erine and the late John' Gomo, and. sister of
John T., Louis, Charles and Frank Gomo
of San Francisco, Mri. T. Isaac of Sacra-
mento and Mrs. J. E. Hobble of Benlcla, a
native of Albany, N. Y. (Grass Valley and
Nevada City papers please copy.) y
, CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral cervices Friday morning," at
10 o'clock, at St. Dominic's Church, Benida,
F. J. Monahan, President. ' .
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.) .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 2330-2311 Mission et. Telephone Mission 3L
GREAT ATLAS OFFER 7
Will dose on September ,_ 24,
1003, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are ' requested to pre-
. sent tliem immediately, as thh
great opportunity to secure. one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium ;. rates ;.. will be
brought . to a " cl5se > on. Septem-
ber 24. '-,•; - : -:- ; •-' • ¦¦ ' ¦¦
THE CALL'S
10 ,. 11^ 1 * 1 " * n > <——•—¦ «hen buying ,
'^ *¦•. °"r rr.ethodF are well known to b«
f-pen end above board. "DIk barzains. not I
«L r * S our rule - AI1 K° ods PJ^ranteed |
«*Jtr " Rtp<1 cr "° «»»*¦ «¦¦»« and «** Ur * B •:
SSS^SS or n * w an.1 u.~ed inrtrumentf. i
kn « MACVA11 = MUSIC CO.. 70-J Mar- j
iJA . ND in^ruroents; F. Betsor.. Pari.<=, maker, i
v.nr u ' w »l<».Aet. Pac.Ccaft.2TS O'Farrell;
MCiii.ui repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold, j
KAP.E chance; cash or puyroer.tf; elegant high i
__£rade upright. 1C McAl'lUter 5t- j
Vnredeemed ftorage ;...-> and furniture dirt
cheap. WhltPhra'd's Storage. 1C3U Market ?t. |
liKAL'TIFl'L S-pe_U Steir.way urnph: pimBC;
perfect order ; facrlflcf. KetfCe's.2!S:> <V Farrell. j
tOllUEH, Byroa llauiy pianos. OcilUB j>i«nu I
rlayer. BYRON MAL'ZV, 31.S-212 Post st.
BHWEHIOR violins. Bftbcn. old *nJ new. H. '
-H I.LKR. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place. ;
fOFWCEJl AM) STORKS TO LI2T.
WOt'LD like to share office exix-nses with
s-ome rood lawver or dcs-lt room. Box 1CJ2. ]
Call office !
COMPLETELY furnished office in Parrott |
buUdinr. Box 4;^4 Call office.
1 „ -"= j
PIANOS Agg^ggf 1 -** 8 -
1'AltX ut cur list ui loir mains in second-hand
pianos tor Ei-pteraber. 1SW3;
Original
Price. Now.
J STEIXWAT & SONS—
Rosewood case, large e'.ze. « 1-3
octaves, beaulilul tone, in excel-
ltnt condition »725 J373
: A. B. CHASE—
Mahogany cute, largest eiie, full
twinging routie rack, three pedals,
very latest style, csnnot be told
from a. cew llano . 650 400
1 STEINWAY & SONS—
Walnut caee. small eiw. 7 1-3
octaves, nearly r.ew, beautiful
tone, in fine ccndiUun C25 475
J 6TEINWAY & SONS—
Mahogany cate. large 6ire, latert
ctyle. 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
from cew 750 €25
1 A. B. CHASE; GRAND —
Mahogany case, in perfect condi-
tion, on!y used three months 800 573
1 ETEINWAT &. SONS BABY
GRAND—
T.hzr..?.- 1 case. In use a very
ehort time and equal to new...... 650 750
Also a large number of square pianos
ranging In price from $25 to $230. and chapel
and parlor organs from $23 to $150.
Complete list furnished en application at
our etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kesrnv nn<l Putter rts.
PEItSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED. ;
V.'rlr.k'.er. yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
cm&llDCX plttlnes and scars BCientiflcaily re-
raoved without cutting, mtvage. electricity or
tnedlclnea; epeclal demonstrations this week.
C*U or write Dr. L. WILLIAJJS. 371 Geary.
EPEC1AL — Reduced for the xnocth only, horn*
treatment that you can use at your own
home, —movlcc wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing tklr. ct* tr axid smooth: to be had only at
icy ofnoe. Call or wrlt« M. ELLA HARK1S.
781 OFarrell «t.
THE Et*r Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
prove* Its *gn wth, 6-.eps falling, cure* dandni3
and HcMek se&lp: no etain or stickiness;
cleanees eca.!p; at &ngxlf Ts'. hairdressers' ac-
cept no «ubetltute. 6tar RemedyCo..SS5Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, th« sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVAN'S, arer.t. 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN. Ib years' experience, cures per-
mesentiy tncrxhine. cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Batter u. ; fee moderate.
RAG canwts wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove ruffs, fllk portieres; dealer in
carpot twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matth<?WE. 709 Fifth Et.. Oakland.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all dru* dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1833 Polk et.; ccnsultatlon free; ca.ll or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C STRATTON ha« ns-
rr.oved his efflee from £253 Mission rU to
rooms 573 and S74. Parrott bldg (EmporlnaK
liAIRDRK&SlNG in all branches taught: (3 for
2 weeks Vp-to-Date Hairdressing Farlo— ,
1C2« Market Et.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Funday cver.lncs at Teutonla Hall. Howard
ct.. near Ninth; m anagement Prof. Foster.
j4X !*«s than ccst. uncalled for euIU, overcoats
end trjuFe— . »t CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tsllcr. ?S1 Market st. i
LLEGA.VT Fults ou «aty inftsilments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market rt.. tftwetn Seventh and Eighth.
SL'PEXZFLfOrs hair & mole* removed by elec-
tric needle. Ur. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
-WITHOUT Medicines"; only positive ctire f or
tctal de—nesg &. deaf mutes. Bex 4334, Call.
THE best place to buy good umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton,
ALL ttyle- hairfresfiriB 25c; hair goods; manl-
cirtr.g. 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE ruit $7 50; dreea pants $2 CO.
Misf.t Clothinr Parlor, cor. Bush and Drpont.
ilA£UUERAI3E costumes, play books, wlcs. !
country cr<ler» GOLUgTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt ,
ALFREDUM'S Eryptlan Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 ; at all druggie"'.
tuperCuoTis fcair end molee removed with elec-
trlc needle M»-*. & Mlsn TUton. Ilia Batter.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
pirt. Pa!rn readings $1. Hoars 10 to 12 and !
1 to 5, end Tuesday evening?. 139 Post st. !
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor rt.. near Oearr. Phone Black 561.
PAFERHAXGIXG, PAIXTIXC. ETC.
ItOOMS papered, $3 50 up; tlntin?, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., SU 3d st. ;tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIAN'S AND Sl'KUEO.NS.
DB. c. C. O'PONNELL — Offlce and residence.
lC21ij Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
liLOOD, fkln and rectal diseases a specialty. |
DB. BALL. 1073 V4 Market Et '
BEHOVED— OB. WONG HIM. herb doctor; j
treats a!! diseases cf fhe human body; for i
j«aet four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo- j
cated at CG7 G^ary et., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po !
Tai. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human •
by c?,g of herbs and teas. 727 Washington Et. j
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls- j
" fHfr-fc our<-<1 by Ch1n«-ye h<rb«. 746-3 Clay «t. :
PUOl O«ALS.
PROPOSALS Tor subsistence supplies. Office J
Purcfc&c'.cg Comn-,i£sary, San Francisco, Cal., |
September 14. liKKi — Sealed proposals for fur- |
niching and delivering of tuch quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at euch wharf
or wharves cr fuch warehouses In San Fran-
cl«co. Cel.. ae per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Friday, September 25, 1903, and opc-ned
immediately therraftcr, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
EAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Sejit. 22, 1903.—
8*>a!<>fl proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived fcere until 11 o'clock a. m., October 2,
' 31MJ3 and then oucned for construction of
*to»e building and cable tank building - at
Preeldio of ¦San Francisco, ¦¦ Cal. Government
re«erv*« richt to reject or accept any or all
bids in whol* or <n part. Informtilon fur-
nished on application to WM. S. PATTEN.
Aert. Quartermaster Genera!, Chief Q. M.
U. S ENGINEER Office Flw*l building, San
Francisco Cal., Aug. 26, ltKl3.— Sealed pro-
Doea!s * or repairing U. S. snagboat Selzer
¦will b* received here until noon, September
26 IW»3.* Information rn application. W. H.
HEUKR. Lieutenant Colonel of Engineers.'
DIVIDEND NOTICES. •
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Ind. Red Men's Hall
Ass At the last regular meeting of the
Tloard cf Directors Ijlvidend No. 42. of 60c
per ermre, was declared payable on Sept. 25.
1903 at 8 r. rn., Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush
rt 'stockholders roust preset their shares or
dividends. -» I H n A o |. b | c^i^ £IXGE R, p^,..
C. G i;OLSIX>RFF. Pecy.
niviUEVD Notice. — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco-Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars r*r share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation. 230 Bash st Saa
F^ncUo October 'I. 1903: transfer books
will close S^g^Jg&g ..Secretary.
STOKACB AND W-^f"^™^^
A-EMPORIUM Storage & v « Co.; furniture.
ss5aya.^afa.Siw u J5ysg
ACHWES AXD SUPPLIES
*il X 0 ?.V^o*r^htly"sedTn^ler^°Sc5
REAL ESTATE— ¦CITV— FOR SALE.
JlCdO-^ House 5 roomf; bam well; macadam.
${.'>0— Lot 40xlC0; fenced; $10 month.
J450 — Cabin. 1 room; lot 32x125; nr. station.
$400— Lot 40x135 : near electric care.
$14<>o — Modern cottage 5 rooms and bath;
city water; lot 50x100; $150 cash. $25 monthly.
f20M.i — Two-story house; store and 11 rooms:
city water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized.
$ir.00— r.-r<x>m cottage; redwood finish; elec-
tric liphts; hot and cold water; easy payments.
$25(ki — A natural park of about 1 acre, with
fine oak XTocr. ravine and superb views; near
university grounds and new hotel elte.
$2900 — Two-story, a-room house, barn, chick-
en sbads\, w*»ll. fruit trees; grazing land ad-
joir.ir.p: lot 155x207; easy payments.
CHAS A. HAILET. 1056 University ave.,
near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
C rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Nos. ftCC and 9fiS
Clayton Ft., near Golden Gate Park; price
$51 no and $5400. R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery et.
J1500— 2 NEW flats of 4 and 5 r. and b; Army,
near Mission: will pay 20 per cent on invest-
ment- L>. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost imurov. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. 'jCrocker building.
FOR tale — House 8 rms.: high basement; sunny
Fide 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
effer refused. Stephens & Co., Unlon-sq. Mkt.
$12.")()— 4-KOOM cottage; lot 23x110. 323S Har-
rls.m St., near Precita ave. ; inquire 3224.
MARKET and Dolores— 75x80 feet, unim-
proved. See owner's elim on premises.
TO LEASE — General farm. 100 acres. In Con-
tra Corta Co. Box 37. Lafayette. Cal.
KKAL ESTATIi Conn try — For Sale.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
fenced hedges around iand; good house;
chicken-hous^R, water: reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
FRUIT ranch. 22 acres; full bearing; im-
provements; Vi prunes, V^ apricots, 14
peaches; trees 10 years old. For particu-
lars. A. J. McCOY. Campbell, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; .monthly cata-
Jojrues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market yt
I'OINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT TOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP.
5- room bouse; city water; sewered; lot 44x
125; convenient to street cars and station; price
S8S0.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. ' Lortn.
THIS IS A BEAUTY.
New 7-room house, bath, patent toilet, sta-
tionary tube,- decorated ceilings; street work
done; price (3500; terms will be made to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
LOOK AT THIS'.
New 6-room cottage, bath, toilet, stationary
tubs; large lot; close to street cars and sta-
tion; price JI'jOO; terms, $150 cash, balance
earce as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
CHENEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS,
10 lots near Grove st; $100 to $500; in-
stallments.
One acre cheap; North Berkeley; $1500.
House 6 rooms and bath; east of Telegraph;
lot C0xl20; J2250.
Will build to euit on Parker ave., near
Grove, and sell on installment.
. * 0 - •-. -* *
600 feet on ¦water front and railroad. ¦ West
Berkeley, for sale; just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
$2300 — NEW 8-room house; Adeline station.
$250O— New 5-room cottage near Grove st.
$3000 — New 7-room house; North Berkeley.
$3000 — New 8-room house; Sbattuck ave.
$3350 — New 6-room house; near Telegraph.
$3500— New S-room house; North Berkeley.
$8000— House of 2 flats and cottage; invest-
ment property.
E. E. NEWTON, 2131 Center st.
$4O00 — THREE acres head of Dwlght war,
East Berkeley; a snap. W. J. . MORAN,
2131 Bhattuck ave., Berkeley.
I —^— — — — — — — — —^
; OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 idROADWAY.
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
1 $5 CASH. $5 MONTHLY. ~~~~~~ ~~
CHEAP LOTS. BUILDING ¦ LOTS AND
HOME LOTS FOU THE MILLION!!! In Just
the locality you wish them in; climate, soil
. and view superb; away from the raw winds
j of the bay, the view of which is sufficient to
1 satisfy. Lots in Laurel Grove Park, |C2 50 up-
! ward. Lots in Westall, $75 upward. Lots in
• ! Allendale, $75 upward. Lots In Jet>sie Jones
' i Tract, $W> and upward. Lots Jn Kosa Lea
' i Tract. $75 upward. Lots in Bona Terrace,
; $150 upward, off Frultvale ave. Lots In Ga-
I Undo Sanitary District. $300 upward. Lots la
I Susie Lee Tract, $50 upward; $5 cash, $5
' i monthly. You can have your choice in 8 loca-
! tions adjoining East Oakland. They are being
j closed out for pood. Call or send for circular.
! 455 Seventh Ft., opposite Broadway station,
: j Oakland. Carriage fre*. H. Z. JONES, owner.
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
. 1 tun;. H. Bohellhaas. 11th st..cor.«tore.Oaklnd.
; FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
• FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
[ $3200 MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
high basement; barn, tank and windmill;
lamlly orchard; lot 50x140. . Inquire on prern-
; l«es, first bouse on Fremont ave., off East
. Fourteenth et.. Frultvale. C. Q. DANNET.
• ROOMS FOR UOUSEKEEPIXQ.
t ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-5
t room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
. ElepanUy furnished suite or single; gas and
bath; near Park Panhandle. Box HiO, Call.
GEARY, 878— Very large • sunny front room,
, with kitchen. $25; sunny back suite. $15.-
' HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
r housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
r nlshed. 1S30 Polk «t.
McALLISTER, KG— Sunny euite, sink, gas
! range, hot bath, laundry; adults; $15. "
MISSION, 1221. near Eighth— Two sunny con-
j nectlng housekeeping rooms; $10; no children.
s O'FARRELL. 1516 — Nicely furnished hou»e-
c keeping rooms.
i PINE, 1900— Furnished and unfurnished, sunny
r housekeeping suites of 2 or 3 rooms.
BT^ JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nished aunny suite.- with separata sunny
kitchen: sa» range; all complete for house-
r keeping; t!5 up.
B STEVENSON, 425— Well furnished room, grate
j and closet; for 2; use of kitchen; rent $10.
8 THE Gilleepie; 119 Ninth st. — Nicely furnished
rooms, $1 50 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
• A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established *t 109«
- Valencia st. ___....
'- « APARTMENTS TO LET.
- EL MONTEREY, th* city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine st.,
between Hyde - and "Leavenworth;" a superb
brick" building .of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts -of housekeeping- combined with
1 the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
5 reasonable. . • • '
- BOOMS TO LET— Farn. and Infori.
• A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Room*
'. 25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
' AT "The Almonte," S73. Market st. (or No. 1
I Fifth et-> — Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
• Jl H) to $10 week; house open all night/'
• BURNETT, 1420 Market — (old No. 1364) — Fur-
Bi£hed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnUhed.
where a requiem high mass will ' be -" cele- I
brated for the repos« of her soul.
HAKER- In this city, September 23. 1903,
George F. Haker, beloved son of William
and Emma Haker, and father of Willie and
Harold Haker, a native of San Francisco,
aged 39 years and 4 months.
% ICrinterment private.
HOOPER — In this city, September 23, 1903,
Thomas C, beloved son of John and Ellen
J. Hooper, a native Of Gras3 Valley, Cal.,
aged 2 years 4 months and 20 days.
KROGH— In this city, September 23, 1903,
Caroline F. Krogh, wife of P. W. Krogh, j
and mother of Kunnio J. and Mary L. Krogh,
a native of New York, aged 61 years.
MeAULIFFE — In this city, September 20, 1903,
Florence P., beloved son of the late Patrick
B. and Johanna McAullffe, and loving broth-
er of John, Daniel. Annie and Joseph Mc-
Auliffe, Mrs. J. Collopy, Mrs. E. Franklin
and Mrs. A. Stolper, a native of Virginia
City, Nev.
C7"Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ¦
(Thursday), at 9:15 a? m., from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. J. Collopy, 4107 Seven- I
teenth street, thence to the Church of. the
Most Holy Redeemer, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul, commencing at 9:30 a. m." Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -
RETAIL GROCERY CLERKS; Local 648, R.
C. I. P. A.— Officers and members are respect-
fully requested to attend the funeral of our
late brother, F. P. McAullffe. ¦ .
E..D. MONTROSE. President.
E. M. LEVY, Secretary. - ..: -
McMAHON- In this city, September 23, 1903,
Anna McMahon, wife of Lawrence Mc-
Mahon, and devoted mother of. Mrs. D. .C.
Coleman and Mrs. W. J. Brady Jr.. a na-
tive of Boston, Mass. (Boston, Mass., pa-
pers please copy.)
(t7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 712% Tennessee street,* between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NOSLER— In Berkeley. September 22, 1903,
Grace V., Wife of T. M. Noeler.
CTTuneral and interment private. No
flowers. '
SHE AH AX— In this city. September 23. 1903,
Charles L., beloved husband of Ann Shea-
han, a native of Llstoll, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 6-i years. A member of the
Knights of. the Red Branch; Harmony Alli-
ance No. 15, St. Patrick's Alliance of
America, and Court Inter Nos No. 18, F.
Of A. *
(?••Remains at the parlors of MoFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
SWANSON— In this city, September 23, 1903,
Emma, beloved wife of . Henry Swanson,
mother of Emily K. and Harrold J. Swan-
son, and sister of John, . Joseph and Lizzie
Collins, a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years 1 month and 5 days.
TOMPKINS— In this city. September 22, 1903.
Joseph, dearly beloved . husband of Kathern
.Tompkins, and beloved father of George H.,
Milton J., Everett C. Clarence W., Mamie
T. and Evelyn M. Tompkins, a native of
New Caynon, Conn., aged 70 years 2 months
and 22 days.
ttTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi^
dence. 36 Woodward avenue, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
UPTON— In this city, September 23, 1903.
* Susie D., beloved wife of Thomas B. Upton,
mother of Ethel M. Upton, and daughter
of Mrs. Annie J. and the late John W. Up-
ton, a native of Grass Valley, Cal.,' aged 35
years 0 months and 25 days.
EJTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WALSH— In this city, September 22, Patrick,
dearly beloved father of Mary T., Margaret
M. and Richard J. Walsh, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years.
are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Thursday), at 0
a. m., from his late residence, 1920 Stelner
street, between Bush and Pine, thence to St.
Dcmlnic's Church,' where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
fouI, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOOD— In this city, September 23, 1903, Katie
H. Wood, beloved and only daughter of Wil-
liam F. and Rachel Gift Wood, a native of
Solano County. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the servlcea to-mor-
row (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
Street- Interment private. Evergreen Ceme-
tety, Ftultvale. • - ¦ . " ¦
? , * : , ' ' '¦ FREE WITH |
I t t I B !¦ " " BT THE 1^1 fc_L/*^C II 1
r ¦¦¦•¦I'll" If V A ' ' Belgian - •-" * "r , ¦ • g
r ui I \a abtist, ji>jr^/\^v r I
I fill J I iJQ 1 A.BOTJDRY. >C?'Ul^J_J'/-i I |
I SALT." £ g
• "An Old Salt," by the Belgian artist, A. Boudry, is not only an ex- . ||
S 0 ample of vigorous and skillful brush work, but a fine bit of character q »
8 • study. The type portrayed is one, of those oid men of the sea, bluff and O '¦'-,
** ! sturdy, hardened. by rude labor, danger, and exposure to the elements. ® j[ :
S -5 , They are apt to be curt of speech and often so taciturn that the appel- § |:'
o . O lation "a sad sea dog" is fittingly bestowed. upon them. In most of them, 3> . '. •[•
S "• © however, ' there is generally concealed beneath their rough exterior a large • \t\
§ || heart and often a vein of humor, which only requires an occasion to be . 2 ! j;
5 % brought out. . © , \i\
% .... : .©): .. ... -The effect of wear and exposure to variable weather upon the gar- • ¦< jjj
« • • ments of those .who toil on the sea, or in the fields, is to destroy their ® ijf
8 a color and bring various colors into a harmony of neutral tones which is # ' ' ij
y O nearly always picturesque and agreeable to the eye. The broken and sub- O ; i |
6 • dued colors of this picture are well suited to its subject, and the artist has 2 i*
« a cleverly 4 compensated"f or their lack of brilliancy by a. vigorous effect of ' ? £fc
S O ' light and dark and the rich imparts of his painting.. The last named © .«
g O quality is reproduced by the process employed in making The Call art sup- • O • cf
« • plements with a truthfulness unapproached by any other. One might^ • . s
« 2 readily imagine at a first glance that the rough surface of the canvas had * «
S , been reproduced by embossing. 0 - :*
g 0 .A. Boudry is a native, of Belgium and has his studio in- Antwerp. Ha ® '*'•!«
S 2 has made a specialty. of pictures which have for their subjects scenes and 2 i*
8 O types of people of the sea. His work is highly appreciated in his " own q ;4
o © country, where he has received many honors, and his reputation and the ©) ift
» .." * • saleof his work in America are Steadily increasing. • ft
I 28o©ooo®ooo©©o®oooo©3oo9oo©oo«30oooeoo©o©©o9oo©9ooop I
I FREE ART PICTURE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL, September27 |
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL I
I Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Gents. Price 5 Cents. |
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS if
I 1 The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing. Call Art Supplements: I <c
ft SACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mier & street; Gage's art store, 609 East SAN DIEGO — W. P. Fuller' & Co. V
S Ca T 61 5 J streeTc N. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store. 425 71 F street. «
8 ctn'ro 817. K street. < East Main street. -.*---- FRESNO — Sronce & Dick. •»
8 PETALUMA— H.S. Gutermute. J. MARYSVILLE— G.W HalL REDDLVG-W. H. B«r 5 h. "Ber«I» »
S M Wvckoff OAKLAND — E. J. Saake. IS Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston, g:
O SAN JOSE — George Denue. M. Len- graph avenue: A. A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company. ¦' u
W sen & Son Twelfth street. _ REDWOOD CITY— W. LT K31a«. fi
ft STOCKTON— Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA— C. P. Magragnos. 1353 SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cook« C'
8 store 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. £ -^ -> • . Bros..- F. R. Hew. George Hoban. .»
8 ' Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & -Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co. . - g;IMPRESSIVE SCENES .DURING THE OBSEQUIES OF THE LATE TOM KING . TUNG, SECRETARY TO THE
LOCAL CONSUL GENERAL AND MILITARY ATTACHE OF THE CHINESE- LEGATION AT: WASHINGTON,
WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE AFTER HIS ARREST ON A CHARGE OF IMMORAL CONDUCT.
, Plso's Cure is an effectual- remedy, for cold on
the lungs. - Sold by all druggists. 25c. • i
AH skin complaints, quickly, succumb to
the use of Koenigsteln's Red Salve. •
John Devins was held " to : answer, before
the Superior Court by Police Judge Fritz
yesterday, on. a charge of robbery, in $2000
bonds. He. is accused of knocking down
Louis Larsen and robbing him of 50 cents
at New Montgomery and Howard streets
last Sunday, morning ¦ with a companion,
who made his ' escape.
Held for Bobbery.
, John C. Hrfd committed suicide early
yesterday morning in Golden Gate Park
by swallowing carbolic " acid. He, was a
cigar-maker and roomed at 19 Polk street.'
On 'the body .was found the' following
note:
September 22. 1903.
-.This is my own act and. nobody else Is .to
blame.- I die regretting: only that I ever lived.'
Good by to all. . JOHN C. HELD. .
Held had been sick; for a long time and
was unable, to. continue at pis work. ¦ ;
Cigar Maker Kills Himself.
Accused of Striking Females.
Mrs. A. E. Peters, 1570 Turk street se^
cured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday for the arrest of George
Hayden, who keeps a milk depot next
door, on a charge of battery. She said
that Hayden came Into her house on Tues
day nicht and said a man had . made an
Insulting remark to him over the phone
Mrs. Peters replied that there was no
man in the house and she alleges that
Hayden struck her two daughters and
herself.
Old Soldier Dies While in Jail.
SAN JOSE, Sept 23.— Miles -M. Poueh
an old soldier, died suddenly in the Coun
ty Jail last night from heart disease
caused by alcoholism. He- was serving a
sentence of 180 days' imprisonment for
petty larceny. MBaH
Our reliability and honesty make our custom
ers friends. MyseU-Rolllns, 22 Clay, prlntan. •
A new bank — the Commercial Bank and
Trust Co.— on' Powell, near Market, has
proved very popular. It has doubled Its
deposits within three months, a fine show
ing for a young Institution. General R. H.
Warfleld is president and G. R. E. Max
well, who for twenty years was connected
with the First National Bank, is cashier.
¦ The list, of shareholders discloses such
names as O. F. von Rheln, the real estate
man; M. J. Keller, the Market-street mer
chant; Henry B.Russ, Hon. W. H. Al
ford, Dr. Charles Boxton. E.' P. Heald,
Hon. F. • H. Gould, J. U. Hastings, F. C.
Immel, Principal . Frank Morton of the
Lowell High School, Ex-Surveyor General
Reichert. R. J. Montgomery. Quincy A.
Chase, Byron Mauzy, H. J. Curtaz, W.F.
and Blanche M. Burbank, owners of the
Pacific-Union Club building, and nearly
two hundred others well known in busi
ness circles. •
NEW BANK IS
A GREAT SUCCESS
• John J. Lynch. 1»23 Stockton; Wendell Eas
ton;~U3S Market ;-T.IJ.~. Henderson. 14 Mont
gomery; Scott Elder 320 Sansome; J. M. Rey
nolds, .1213 Lasuna; A. J. Ralsch, 20 Mont
gomery; E. F. Daruth. 1276 McAllister: J. W.
Harris. 2.S06 California; G.-R. Lucy. 123 Cal
ifornia; Hyman AVplf. r 144"r Buchanan; Jere
miah-Mahoney. 129 Crocker building; John F.
§l*be.-.2217 Sacramento; Henry. Gray.- 3 Cali
fornia; . James O'Connor. 217 Mason; C. S.
Benedict.' 328 Valencia; , J. ' A., -Wilson; 4138
Twenty-first street; Daniel O'Connell, 400 Cali
fornia; Peter Johnson 625 Vallejo; Henry E.
Coffey, (J3O Market; W. E. Davis. 2501 Scott;
Daniel O'Callaghan 11-1 Davis: J. A.. Snook,
2041 Broadway; CharleB Stallman. 1742 Fell;
Harry ' M. • Kelly, 357 Hayes; E. J. Benedict,
328 Valencia; A.Sbarboro, 518 Montgomery;
C. M. Plum 1301 Market: W. H. Nolan. 1KM5
Eddy; -Thomas Mahoney., 301 Phelan building;
Thomas W. Collins 2524 Union.-
; A new Grand Jury, to serve until Jan
uary of n$xt year, - will be selected by
Judge Murasky to-morrow.' The nineteen
members will be selected from the follow
ing list of thirty citizens which was drawn
by Judge Murasky. yesterday:
Selection Will Be Made From List
Made Up of ' Prominent
Citizens.
NAMES OF PROSPECTIVE
• GRAND JURORS ARE DRAWN
The United States Civil Service Com
m'.FEicn announces an examination at San
Francisco October 21 for the position of
Interpreter (Roumanian and Slavic), Jm
feiigration service, at $1200 per annum.
Age limit 20 years or over. Persons who
flesire to compete should apply to the
United States Civil Service Commission.
Washington. D. C. or to the secretary of
Ihe Consolidated Board of Civil Service
Examiners. 301 Jackson street, for appli
cation forms 304 and 1141, which should
be proDorly «»xeouted and filed with the
commission at Washincton.
Roumanian Interpreter.
The row had its inception last January,
when the Building Trades Council ex
pelled the cornice workers. It was
claimed at ' the ¦ time .by the mechanics
that the expulsion was without warrant
and contrary to the' rules of- the 'council,
in that- they were not given a chance' to
make any defense or show cause why
they should be allowed to affiliate with
that body. It is on these . grounds that
the suit for the writ of mandate is based.
The courts have been called upon to
settle the differences between the Cornice
Workers' Union No. 104 and the Building
Trades Council. Yesterday a suit for a
writ of mandate compelling the council
to, restore the union to membership was
filed . by Congressman Julius Kahn. The
plaintiff in the action -Is Harry Costen,
secretary of the cornice workers.
.Sue for Writ of Mandate Compelling
Building Trades Council to
Reinstate Them.
CORNICE WORKERS TAKE
TROUBLE INTO COURT
¦ Having rendered .hpner. to Tom King
Yung and placated evil spirits by. furnish
ing an elaborate feast, and distributing
the red and white paper representing
money, the- Chinese friends of the dead
man will nor turn their attention to se
curing a thorough investigation of the
charges made by police officers that led
the Chinese soldier to end his life. .
-i Before putting an end to himself. Tom
King Yung wrote a letter in -which he
protested his innocence and said that he
could not live in face of the disgrace put
upon him. . .
' The Chinese Minister at Washington
has made a request on the Government
asking that an Immediate investigation be
had. The Chinese Consul General at Ha
waii is now en' route to' this 'city to assist
the local Consul in the investigation that
has been asked for. s
Chinese musicians played their loudest
and the prirsts chanted and intoned in
a shrill tone, while the paper represent
ing money was distributed with a liberal
hand. For an hour the services con
tinued and then" the signal was gven for
the return to the cty. |
The body of Torn ' King Yung was
brought back to Chinatown and deposited
at an • undertaker's establishment in
charge of the priests. ' ft will be for
warded, to China by the next steamer and
elaborate funeral' services will be held in
the horr.e of the deceased.
The feast of edibles • that always finds
a conspicuous place at a Chinese funeral
was a most elaborate one. There were
roast groats, shiny glazed . pigs, ducks,
chickens, fruits, vegetables, rice and tea
In sufficient quantity to have satisfied' the
The room In which the body. of. Tom
King Tung lay was crowded with flora!
emblems, the gifts of relatives ; and
friends, and the picture of the deceased
was displayed, framed in flowers. ' ~
FEAST IS ELABORATE.
From' early morning until half an hour
past noon crowds of Chinese visited the'
consulate -_ to pay their: respects -to :the
dead. The walls of the mortuary-room
were draped in costly silken banners and
the air of the building was heavy with
Incense. The members of the consulate,
led by the Consul, together with -the of
ficers of the Six Companies, paid their
respects to the dead man . at an early
hour. AH the officials were dressed in
light blue gowtis, the sign of mourning,
and they frequently prostrated themselves
before the bier. .Punk sticks were burned
and paper prayers were consumed by flre
In a brass bowl by the officials, and the
hundreds of merchant! who visited .{the
consulate honored the dead man In a
similar manner.
The body of , Tom King; Yung reposed, In
a masjgjve walnut casket in one of the
rooms of ' the consula'te, and for ma/iy'
hours solemn services were held In the
room of' death, j In front' of the : casket
an altar had - been erected, whereon
burnep myriads of punk sticks and dozens
of cjradles. Black and white robed priests
chanted the -weird "services for the dead,
and the flute players split the air with
the Bhrill squeak of their , wind instru
ments. Y,.s" ,
p 1 1 <^ HE obsequies of the late Tom King
IS Yung, who was a secretary to the
jj Consul General here' and military
attache of the Chinese legation at
Washington, took place yesterday.
Never in the history of Chinatown has a
more gorgeous funeral spectacle been wit
nessed there. . ,* ¦
Tom King Yung was a noted man In the
eyes of his countrymen, and his arrest
a week ago by police officers oh" a "charge"
of Immoral conduct and his subsequent
suicide created a.scnsation In Chinese cir
cles. By order of the Six Companies' and
with the consent of Consul General Chong
Poa Shu all business ¦ was- suspended in-
Chinatown- yesterday. The day was ob
served as _qne of general mourning for
the dead soldier, not a storekeeper or
peddler being, engaged .in his usual occu
pation. /
Flags were flying over Chinatown at
half-mast and mourning emblems were
displayed oji all sides. The center. of in
terest was at the Chinese^ consulate, on
Stockton street, where' Tom -King 'Yung
ended his. life and where his. body re
mained until yesterday.
At an early ¦-¦ hour crowds of Chinese
commenced to gather in front- of the con
sulate. The front of the building was
draped In black and Vhite, and huge" red
signs told, of the # life and death, of the
man who was tojbe buried with' all hon
ors by his fellow 'countrymen.
MYRIAD PUNKS BURN.;
appetites of a regiment of hungry men. |
The feast was displayed in the room
where the body of . Tom King Yung lay
I and in the adjacent chambers. The.edi
f b!es were not for human consumption, but
j were intended to propitiate the evil spirits
| that mieht. pursue the soul of the dead
man on his Journey- to the eternal abode.
At the noon hour the streets adjacent
to the consulate were black with human
ity.- Thousands of- Chinese gathered on
the sidewalks and there were crov/ds of
[White' people, attracted by curiosity.- "On
all sides could be heard the rattle and
bang of the Chinese musicians stationed
in the various Josshduses, ..where services
I for Tom King Yung were being held. . .]. .
! It was nearly 1 p. m. before the signal
I was given .for ' thfe funeral- pageant- to
start. Ahead rode -three mounted police
I officers, followed by white and blue robed
priests on horseback and a white military,
band playing .a dirge.. ¦ Dozens of blue :
garbed mourners of the powerful ' Tom
family, to which the, deceased belonged,
followed In twos.' They 'carried "decorated
wands, on top of which were Chinese
characters.
Then came two dozen, lads, dressed in
blue, bearing aloft banners inscribed in
Chinese letters telling of the rank of the
deceased. ¦ > -
COKTZGE IS A IXDNG- ONE.
These were followed by a long line of
priests- of the' various companies*- arid
tongs, the priests being dressed in blue,
white, and black. / ¦ . -~ ." .' ,
The remains of the deceased Were .borne
-in- a hearse drawn by six black horses,
heavily draped. The casket was Hidden
from view by a cover- of flowers which
fitted over It. • •'•".'
Eight white-robed priests marched.slow
ly beside the hearse, and -then- came four
incense carriers, bearing" warids across
their shoulders, 'from which depended 1 the
silver incense pots from the josshouses.
A riderless horse was. next in line, in
the "procession,* and" then appeared - the
Consul General, his staff, the. officials of
the Six Corripanfes and hundreds of mer
chants'of Chinatown, all garbed '.iri-'Iong
blue cowns. • '
One hundred and "twenty-five, carriages
'made. up .the. rear of. the pageant,' a man'
riding with the driver of each vehicle and
throwing paper money on all sides. v •-
The funeral dirge. of- the military band;
was almost drowned by the many Chinese'
musicians who - rode in . carriages. /The
dash of the cymbals and the 'shrill pip
ing of the flute players lent a vivid air of
Oriental realism to the scene! The pro
cession marched | from the consulate on
Stockton street to Pacific and thence, to
Dupont, following the length of Dupont
street to Post. ¦ • .
At Post street the foot of the procession
was halted and the Consul ; General, the
officials of the Six Companies, the rela
tives and • friends and the • priests and
professional -mourners entered the car
riages and ,the. cortege proceeded ! to Mar
ket street' and to the Chinese Cemetery
at San Mateo. ¦/.-. . »
PROPITIATE - EVIL SPIRITS.
It was close to 3 o'clock ere the funeral
party arrived at . the ¦ cemetery.* There
the priests held their weird service around
the coffin in which lay: the: body of Tom
King Yunx. Clouds of smoke from ; In
cense and punk sticks were wafted toward
the sky, the feast was displayed, the
New Brokerage Firm.
Considerable interest has been mani
fested in insurance circles by the an
nouncement cf the formation of a new
firm of brokers and agents, to be known
as the LOUIS I~ JANES COMPANY, that
is to act as San Francisco agents for the
Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance
Company of Sprir.gneld, Mass., of which
George D. Dornln, the veteran under
writer, is manager, and George W. Dor
n'.v., assistant manager. The new firm is
composed of Louis L. J:\nes. George J.
¦VWJlingtcn. Beverly Letcher, J. P. Ham
mond and L. P. Burr. Air. Janes has for
many years been secretary and resident
agent cf the Tama!pais Land and W.-iter
Company at Mill Valley, as well as i-ec
retary of the Tamslpais Railroad. He has
resigned thes«? positions and will devote
himself exclusively to the interests of his
firm in this city, v.-here he has a wide
and favorable acquaintance among busi
ness circles, mt. George J. Wellington
has been actively associated with th-: in
surance business in San Francisco for the
past ninteen years, both inahe brokerage
and undcrv.-ritir.g departments of prorr.i
tnent companies. The Louis L. Janes
Company will occupy handsome offic-s*1n
the Hayward buildinj*. California street
entrance, October the first.
. McCloskey presented an affidavit In court
yesterday afternoon reciting these facts
and claiming that under the Penal Code
the men governing the Chinese Six Com
panies were unlawfully interfering with
the process and proceeding of the court,
thereby rendering themselves guilty of
contempt. The affidavit also alleged- that
among the Chinese in'thls city were many
relatives of the defendant, who by rea
son of the mandate of the Six Companies
were afraid to assist him In hrs defense
because the .meaning of the mandate was
that all persons would be dealt with ac
cording to the Chinese custom of taking
of. life and confiscation of property.
It was further alleged that the Chinese
Six Companies ' were familiar with the
laws of the State and the laws relating to
contempt of court as they had the law
firm of Chickering & Gregory to advise
them and Mr. Carr of that firm was spe
cially prosecuting Woo Shuck, therefore
their interference in the case was done
knowingly and with the intent to intimi
date the witnesses for the defense
No matter of what color he is. or who he
is, we forbid any party or parties, openly or
secretly, to aid or employ attorneys to defend
the defendant or in any way to assist in clear-
Ing him. We regard the parties who defend
the defendant as robbers themselves and we
will endeavor to prosecute and punish the party
or parties who aid the defendant for the same
offense according to our regulations.
On September 5 a notice was posted on
the walls throughout Chinatown bearing
the seal of the Chinese Six Companies,
which after referring to Woo Shuck's
arrest for the robbery at Wo Sing's store
said:
August 23 by Detective Ed. Gibson. His
preliminary hearing is pending before
Judge Cabaniss. " X -
At the request of Attorney 'H. H. Me-
Closkey Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday
afternon issued citations for the men gov
erning the Chinese Six Companies to ap
pear in court next Monday morning to
show cause why they. should not be pun
ished for corltempt of court. Their names
are Dare Song, president of the Hop Wo
Company; Ching Fung Jew, president of
the Yin Wah Company; Jew Ne Quong,
president of the Sam Yup Company; Man
Bo Lun, president of the Nlng Tuen Com
pany; Woo Ging Ny, president of the Yin
Hoy Company, and Ching Leong. secre
tary of the Six Cdmpanies.
McCloskey is defending Woo Shuck,
who is charged with robbery ajt the store
of Wo Sing. ' 726 Dupont street, on the
morning of May 30, 19C2. A gang of high
binders broke into the store and during a
fight one of the proprietors was twice
shot. Wong Kee snd Gee Chung Fung
were arrested, tried and convicted of the
robbery and are now serving their sen
tences. Woo Shuck was arrested in Port
land last month and brought here on
Presidents of Six Com
panies to Appear
CITES CHINESE
FOR CONTEMPT
P. B. Lieda. 330 Pine street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest o* E. D. Beattie
on a charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. He alleges that Beattie called
at his office on July 25. representing him
self as the president and manasrer of the
Beattie Printing Company, 320 Sansome
street, and stated that the Alaska Pack
ers' Association owed him a bill of $525
for printing.
Beattie said he wanted money, but as
the bill of the Alaska Packers' Associa
tion did not become due till September
15 he could not collect the money till that
date. He offered to assign the bill to
Ugda, who advanced him $500, the re
maining J25 being allowed for commission
and interest. L»igda called upon the Alas
ka Packers' Association on September 13
and presented the bill, but was informed
that the association did not owe the Beat
tie Printing Company a cent for printing
or anything else.
Printer.
CLAIMS MONEY ADVANCED
ON A MYTHIC AX ACCOUNT
P. B. Ligda Secures a Warrant for
the Arrest of E. D. Beattie. a
Mrs. Welker's maiden name was
ilackay. She had lived with Welker for a
year, but they were married aboutglthree
weeks ago. Mrs. Hunter, the landlady,
contradicts both husband and wife by
stating that they had a quarrel prior to
the Ehootins.
Detective Cody ordered fhat Welker be
detained in custody, and he was kept in
the City Prison till yesterday afternoon,
¦when he v/as released by order of Chief
Wittman. He made a statement that his
vile was jealous and had often threatened
to shoot herrelf. When he got home the
revolver was on top of the folding bed,
and his wife took it and shot herself be
fore he could prevent her. They did not
have a Quarrel before the shooting.
Detective Cody, accompanied by Detec
tive Coleinan and Assistant District At
torney Ward, went to the hospital, and
the woman made a statement to the ef
ftc-t that her husband came home about
3 o'clock in the morning, but they had no
quarrel. She took the revolver and tr.ot
£cn=olf in the left breast once. The re
volver belonged to her, and she took it off
the top of tire folding bed. She did not
know* of any cause for shooting herself
cxiept that Bbe just wanted to take her
life. Her husband was not responsible
for it in the least.
Jealousy prompted Mrs. Gladys V.
Welker, wife of Carl M. Welker. one of
the proprietors of the Headlight saloon,
224 Pacific street, to shoot herself early
yesterday morning at her residence, 505
Hyde street. She aimed at her heart,
and though the bullet passed through her
body slightly below that organ, the shock
find internal hemorrhage caused her
death at 7 o'clock p. m.
• Shortly before 5 o'clock Policeman
Burkholdcr was notified by Welker that
his wife had shot herself. When Burk
holder went to the house found Mrs.
Wolker lying on the flour of her bedroom
¦with a irullet hole in her left breast.* A
revolver was lying on the floor beside
her, and on examining it the officer dis
covered that one chamber had Just been
discharged. Mrs. Welker was sent to the
Central Emergency Hospital In the ambu-
Jance and police headquarters ¦were noti
fied.
VERDICT NOT BAD.
The court said also that the verdict of
the jury, finding the defendant guilty
upon the tenth count and not guilty as
to the four .preceding counts, was incon
sistent; but that this was not of itself sufr
ficient to entitle the defendant to a new
trial as to the tenth count, If there was
evidence sufficient to sustain the verdict
as to that count.
"In other words," added the court, "It
is no legal ground for setting aside the
verdict upon this count, that the jury
ought upon the same evidence to ' have
found the defendant guilty upon other
counts, but did: not. The court cannot
assume from the fact that the defendant
was acquitted upon the other counts that
the jury did not believe him to be guilty
of the charge contained in this particu
lar count.
J "The jury having found • the defendant
guilty, upon this count of the Indictment;
it Is manifest that the only question for
decision at this time is whether the ver
dict in so far as it finds .the defendant
guilty is supported by the evidence arid
upon much consideration I am 'satisfied
that the evidence was such as to justi
fy the verdict. The motion for a new
trial will be denied." . ...
I have, for this reason, given very careful
consideration to the question because if it ap
peared to me that the Jury were misled by this
instruction, and so found the defendant guilty,
although they did not believe that the false
certificates were uttered by him with guilty
knowledge, I would consider It to be my duty
to grant the motion for a new trial as to these
counts. There is no rule of law better settled
than this, that the instructions of the court
to the jury must be considered as a whole,
and if. when thus considered, the law appears
to have been correctly stated, the defendant
is not entitled to a new trial because of inac
curate language used in some part of the
charge. • • • It must be remembered
that every man of ordinary Intelligence knows
that to constitute a crime there must be union
of act and Intent, and that no crime can be
committed wlthout^there Is a criminal inten
tion upon the part of the actor. This being
so. It does not /seem probable that the Jury
was misled by the inaccurate language used in
the instruction now complained of.
Judge' de Haven went on to say that
his definition of a fraudulent certificate
in his instruction to the Jury was not an
accurate one, but such a certificate would
undoubtedly be a false certificate, and if
knowingly issued as evidence of the right
of another person than the one named in
the. original certificate to remain in the
United States would be a fraudulent cer
tificate within the meaning of the law
and within the meaning of the charges
set out in the Indictment, although the in
dictment, was not as direct and clear upon
that point as it might have been made.
There was no specific exception, said the
court, to this part of the court's charge
and the defendant might not be able ,50
urge any objection to it upon appeal. The
Judge then proceeded:
The defendant has been convicted of utter-
Ingr a forged certificate of residence and ot
having knowingly uttered fraudulent dupli
cate Chinese certificates of residence in viola
tion of section 8 of the Chinese exclusion act
of May 5. 1892. and has moved for a new
trial. The most serious question presented
arises upon certain language used by the court
in its charge to the Jury.
Judge de Haven's comments yesterday
upon the argument of Mr. Shortridge are
interesting. The following are extracts:
DE HAVEN COMMENTS.
Five years' imprisonment in the State
penitentiary in San Quentin was the pun
ishment meted out by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven yesterday afternoon
to William H. Dillard, who had been'con
victed on four counts of an indictment
charging the prisoner with uttering a
forged certificate of residence and of felo
niously uttering fraudulent duplicate cer
tificates of residence. S. M. Shorjtrldge
made an elaborate argument on th*e mo
tion fcr a new trial and arrest of Judg
ment, but both motions were denied.
Shortridge, however, ¦was granted a stay
of twenty days to allow him an oppor
tunity to prepare a bill of exceptions. He
will appeal to the United States Circuit
Court of -Appeals.
Dillard is a negro and was a trusted
clerk in the United States internal rev
enue office in this city under the succes
sive administrations of Collectors O. M.
Welburn and John C. Lynch. During the
trials of Welburn and the charges of em
bezzlement Dillard, who had been his
companion in many of his orgies, was
used as a witness for the Government.
After -the trial he was rewarded by pro
motion from the position of messenger to
that of clerk. ¦ . .
Suicide's Husband Says She
Cfcen Threatened to
Kill Herself.
Mr. Shcrtridge Gives Nbtica
That He Will Appeal
tha Caso.
— — . r .
Judge De Haven Sends
Negro to Prison for
; - Five Year3.
Mrs. Gladys V. Welker
Eads Life With
a Bullet.
JEALOUS BRIDE
USES REVOLVER
DILLARD GETS
LONG SENTENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1903:
Obsequies Over' Late' Secretary of Consulate and Military Attache
of Legation Are the Most Elaborate Ever Seen Here and Vast
Funeral Cortege Follows Remains Through the Streets
CHINESE POPULACE MOURNS
AT BIER OF TOM KING YUNG
14
39 STOCKTON STEEET,
Telephone Main 5522.
Our specials ara . always . seasonable.
- You've noticed that. Our prices and tha
quality of our goods recommend therr.atlves.
This week we offer:
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
CREAMERY BUTTER, per sqr 40c
Usual quality. Ret. 43c.
FANCY EASTERN EGGS, per daz 30c
Guaranteed.
C. O. D. orders for butter and eggs
atone will not be taken.
TOMATO CATSUP, per boi 15c
Celebrated Ideal brand. Rez- 20c.
PRESTO, 3 pkgs for :...25c
Res. 2 for 23c.
The UD-to-date Flour. I*ut up by
SMOKED SARDINES IR OUYE OIL, can. . 10c
Reg. 13c.
New shipment from Joh's Conradsen.
Stavangen, Norway.
NEW PAPER SHELL ALMONDS, 2 lbs for 25c
First of the season. Reg. 20c lb.
EASTERN CHEESE, per lb 20c
New York State full cream. Reg. 25c.
BONELESS CHICXEN TAMALES. can.. 10c
I X L brand. Reg. li^o.
TURKEY DUSTERS—
Xos 10 12 14 1C 1»
Special 2Oc 25c 4(>e SOe COc
Regular .... 23c 33c 5Cc C3c 73c
Best ""Eastern make.
Private Stock Bourbon, boi 90c; gal S4.00
A very old article. Reg. $1.23 and $5.
California Brandy, per boi 75c; gal S3.00
Absolutely pure. Reg. $1 and $4.
MARYLAND CLUB RYE, per boi.... 85c
Dlntillery bottling. R«c. 11.23.
PORT AND SHERRY, boi 25c; gal S1.00
Rex. 35c aad 11.50.
"Well aged; full flavored.
Small babies quickly grow to
large babies when fed on Mel-
lin's Food. Mellin's Food
j furnishes material for growth.
1 A sample of Mellin's Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your b aby js sake ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MA3S.
/fh Supplies Proper f*p>
lA ...glasses^ nl
\^J school %>a
1*2 CHILDREN 7 J
\^J ??At Moderate Prices..
Weekly Call. $1 per Year,
SALE'S. > ? A T'. T *! S ! L~-~~
1 •->. . / s the lining. Hole's is the place to
QXkclt \*J ©wu get it 58c yard. ,
Allover Embroideries 25c, 38c yd.
Who ever heard of buying allover embroideries at 25c— 18
and 20 inches wide? Of course, they have a fault, bu£ you will
be glad to overlook Jthat when you see the pretty patterns you
are getting.
Some of the pieces have a small hole or two in the lawn Others have
places where the embroidery was caught in the machinc'-nd pulled a bit.
They are hurts one can easily sew up and hide away in the gatftennsr. «
they were perfect you would pay 50c and 65c a yard.
In the 38c lot are pieces that sell at 75? and up to 51.50 when per-
fect; in nainsooks. Swisses and cambrics, dainty open and blmd stitched
patterns. It's a fine chance to buy a pretty piece of embroidery for a yoke
or even a whole waist.
Hole's Mail Order Department will send these goods to you if yon
can't come to the store.
Mercerized Sateen The table linen sale can't
Petticoats. stop. Values are talking more
39c, 69c. 95c and up to $1.0.=?. . Persuasively than ever.
They re extra values we. are putting r
out just now — new styles and well .First one is a damask at 21c.
made. Even the 39c ones have a Then linen-and-cotton ones at 33c
deep flounce trimmed with French And - oc w h ite ii nen j s 40c.
rU Sf" r u j a A mercerized damask is 55OC.
nllte^fflT ?V eCOa e ° n Pattern cloths are cheaper. 88c.
P The 95? ones have a knife-pleated $*,'* %•# Th°se fine soft German
ruffle. Another style at 95c has three ones, all linen and silver bleached.
fancy hemstitched ruffles. And so
they go on up to the $i.Q3 ones, in j Fllarlr Drpcc finod<;
which the flounce is extra deep, trim- Ir * DiaCK .LireSS. UOOOS.
med with four one-inch folds of the Particular attention is. called to
same material. They're all roomy Hale » s sponge d and shrunken chev-
and liberally made. iots at They are all wOoI>
Enameled Ware inchcs wide
Sale Continues. Rlark Ppjmi dp Snip SI (10
Double coated-just like putting DiaCK.FeaU de 3Oie *1.UU.
two coats of paint on a house. And Something specially prood; 23
the prices lower than you have been inches wide. Both sides are the same.
used to paying for' single coated. . .
This is an opportunity economical Cna/»5al Choo-fc* A~r
housekeepers should not miss. Special OneetS +OC.
r^ r 7~ White ones for double* beds
1 eapOtS (76x90 inches). They're those sheets
On the bargain table this morning. w j t h seams in the center. First time
30c — Regular value, 45c. we have heard of them bcinsr as cheap
40c — Regular value, 60c. as 45c.
60c — Regular value, 85c. Not many of them. Only 240.
They're decorated jet English tea- . ".
pots in new fancy shapes and neatest 1Ol//» Dapralpc H\Ln
effects of the season in floral ideas: *^/2 c ercaies V^C.
some in dainty lace effects. They're They're not all sold yet. but they
all new. They're all our for the first WO n't last long. It isr.'t often one
time this morning at these specia.. can save 5c yard on such standard
Pr St e e S ins were out yesterday and will S ood5 ' and es P cc . iall y hen "^
be to-day at 38c, 60c and Q^c. New prices are as high as they are now.
ones we just got, which we can sell at But here they are. 36 inches wide,
much less than we ever sold before, white grounds, striped and figured
Will you share our good fortune? patterns.
" HER LADYSHIP COR-
W_Mj£!?r^G3^j££& SET" uill add materially to the
rin ri1|ip -g appearance of your new fall
Market Street, Near Sixth suit.
ADVIETISEMENTS.
I Are Used and endorsed by
p the following
1 SCHOOLS AND CONVENTS;
I. ......
Sacred Heart Presentation Con-
vent. /•.":
. Holy Name
H St. Vincent's
•y Dominican Convent
P Dominican Convent (San Rafael)
I St. Gertrude's Academy
6 St. Agnes' Church
I Sacred Heart Church
St Teresa's Church
St. Rose's Academy
St Mary's Convent School
Convent of Holy Cross (Fresno)
and many others
1 BENJ. CURTAZ & SON
|| 16 OTARRELL ST.
{{ Brooches— Sao Jose, Fresno, flla-
H meda, Polo Alto.