"Ua had rot to oom* to tt. 'cordrn*. to
the dark ways o' the Lord; : but If skip
per had * chose this > very _• identical* spot
to run -her aground ?< he .* couldn't .have
pitched on a better where sea - meets
land; an" If you ax me, I aez we'm damn
well out of it, ' beggin' pardon for the
fiery word."
CHAPTER VIII.
Daylight found * the preparations far
Incidents of this voyage can never fade.
To • have - suffered what I have suffered
and survived It appears to me. a raar
velous circumstance, but the bltteresi
struggle 13 over and, please God, I shall
never fall again, having once escaped."
"I am more thankful than I can say,*
answered his \ Lordship. "My treatment
waa rough and ready, but there was nc
other way."
"I wish it were in my' power to atone foi
About midnight,' "however,' a cry rang
over the vessel, and Ogilvie. swinging a
lantern and clad only In his night attire,
appeared upon the deck. One name was
on Ms lips, and he called for Lord Win-
His criminal weakness, his unmanly
lust for this cursed drug had gone far to
endanger the life of the vessel and every^
soul upon it: because, thouga neither re-'
eponsible for the storm nor the broken
screw ehaft. Captain Dgilvie had certain
ly been to blame for much else, and his
absence from duty was still a cause of
deep uneasiness to those who knew the
critical position of the ship and her dan
grerous situation with respect to the coast.
His knowledge and experience would
have been of the most vital service at
.this period; but he kept his cabin, with
k locked door, and 'appeared oblivious to
the welfare of his craft, and bis crew, bis
passengers and hteielf.
Meldrum had been neither sick nor
sorry from the first onset of the. storm,
but he was concerned enough for his
sweetheart; while she, though well In
body, found herself oppressed .beyond
measure with the fate of her uncle, and
knew full well the contempt'ln which he
waa now held by every honest man on the
«h5p.
TILE night crowded down, and sail
was shortened. Double watches
were aet despite the Weariness of
the men, and . Hook himself was
seldom far distant from the fo'c'ale
bead. Meantime the passengers, many of
whom had suffered no little fear and
misery, took heart once more.
General Podesta had steered his lady on
deck Just before dark to look at J.he
eeas, which, though trifling compared
with what they had been, were still run
ning high; Eignor Poltl had also come up
from his cabin to give one shuddering
glance at the waters and then retire be
low: and Tracy Fain, with whom the
heavy pitching had sadly disagreed, also
appeared on the lee side of the deck
saloon, and found himself the better for
a breath of air.
Copyright, 1503, by Eden Phllpotts.
CT\BXS la «» teooad Installment of
• I "The Golden Fetich," which U
I a more thrilling mystery story
JL than either 'fTainied Gold" or
"The Mystery Box," both of which
created a big sensation when pub
lished in The Sunday Call recently.
After 'The Golden Fetich" will
come a literary surprise that will
create a positive furor. *
CHAPTER VII.
THE .WRECK.: i . t
What Hook had noted was; toe ashy
gleam of broken water' far off* In' tha
He fought like a maniac, with purpose
to hurl Lord Winston* overboard, and so
sudden and. tremendous was his onslaught
that but for the assistance of the first
engineer and Tracy. Fain, his lordship
might indeed have followed the hypo
dermic syringe and the glass tubes of
poison. The four struggled together; then
a blow, on the head dropped Ogilvie, and
at the same moment from forward came
a loud, thrilling cry of danger.
Hook's keen *~ eyes and ears ¦ had > aaen
and heard what he now . announced in a
voice that rose like the roar ' of . a ; wild
beast across the night. ¦**;- • • "• '
With an awful , cry. like some, spirit
dropping into eternal torment,' the ; suf
fering man dashed forward and gripped
Winstone bv the throat. , , > "•¦.-. "...
"Fetch it back— you shall fetch it back
—by the angels. of. light, I swear It, or
I'll strangle you!" :
Lord Winstone faced " tha other un
flinchingly, but threw away his cigar 'and
made ready. J
"Your syringe is in the sea and all your
morphia, too," he said.
"You know— none better. Where is it,
I say? Quick, for the love of heaven—
the syringe and my morphia. I'm In rag
ing, roasting hell for a dose. I shall die—
I shall go stark mad if you keep it.frpm
me. Man, don't you hold it back if /you
have any heart In you. I 'am tormented
by agony that a devil, would. pity!"
"You must endure and you will con
quer," said Lord Winstone ' firmly. • "I
wish to God that' I could lighten 'your
Buffering by sharing it, but that la Im
possible. Only' be sure of thla". you will
recover and " . . "
"My morphia— my morphia, or I'll tear
the heart out. of you!"
"What is amiss?" asked Wlnstone, al
though he had divined the . truth after
a -first glance in the lantern light.* ¦'.;'
The other spoke with passion in his
voice, but his articulation was vague and
his nerves evidently suffered from fright
ful tension. '.. , ¦
Ogilvie had turned a sort of leaden gray,
and out of a face like that of a dead man
his eyes burned _ with living 'fire. His
cheeks had fallen in, his beard was un
shaven and he shook and tottered in his
walk. An appearance of greatly Increased
age had come upon him. His countenance
was deeply wrinkled .and an expression of
anxiety and terror, such as oftentimes
appears upon the. face of the dying,
marked his features. ' '. • -^ •'>:»;-
In better health. But . the. other's face
told him that he hoped In Vain.
»teo« with harsh persistence.
It happened that his .lordship had . not
turned In. but was himself on deck, walk
tng. up and down with . Tracy Fain "and
the- first engineer." ' .:
The sea was now much calmer, and the
chip being on an even keel, many who
had not slept for the last eight and forty
hours were . glad of the. opportunity to do
ao. The Morning Star: was for the most
part a home of sleeping, men. therefore,
when- Alister Ogilvie ; summoned Lord
Wlnstone.
- Tha old sportsman instantly responded,
crossed to the weather side, and express
ed a hope that the captain found himself
The effort to gtt her head around ¦ had
at last ¦ succeeded and tho Morning Star,
with canvas . flattened against the "Stays
arid masts, waa : drifting astern. -^ Now,
when the vanguard . of the reef* thundered
and^ boiled wl thin flfty yards of her r inid
der, sha>ro^Von'- way, and/ thanks '< to
'wind ahd cross' currents,-; began e: moving;
slowly but', steadily, to the southwest.
Breakers no '•k'-. gleamed and * hissed ' out" of
the rnlght/bn either *hand,' but ; every ) hun
dred ': yards on" the .present* course 'was
reckoned to take the Morning Star nearer
"Land it may be," and it tells me what's
happened. ,'f '.We've; been '\ plowing --. ahead
faster than we "thought, and' we've -'run
past't Zanzibar; without sighting. ', Now
we're between "" the ; mainland /.'and r that
ridge of 1 rocky) Islets \ extending; north"; of.
Mafia Island. If we're running, on, Mafla
now, and we're' hot hit very hard," we may
live till daylight In this falling' sea; if it
isn't the island/ but only the north of the
ridge, . we'r* done for." • v • > "•:"¦ f.i
"Don't "say that. Here • we are with
•muscles and' brains and pluck. ;.We must
come out of It all right; there's Bessie to
'save 1 ."'-*' ."'¦" '" .~ ; .-, ! \' '
." "Be sure I'm not the man to throw up
'the * sponge a' moment before"; I must.
But- whwre^are we? 'Is this a mere reef
In' mldocean, 'or are we near land?- If It's
a reef, ,then only God Almighty can save
us alive another half-hour; If ; It's land,
some among' us may possibly reach v It.
•But what land— what land can lie here?"
. Captain Ogilvie waa running forward,
and passed them as Winstone spoke. He
answered, as though absolutely oblivious
of | the ' life and^death" struggle between
himself and this man not twenty minutes
"before.", ¦ •' . ' ••¦. ¦ ¦-'' • , ' : ','; :
Every body', was now up and awake; and
Captain Ogilvie. his fit of madness appa
rently, dispelled before' this countershock,
.'appeared upon the bridge, ghostly and
grim, like, some dark incarnation of the
storm. '¦ .
\ "All over, bar : the last pinch, I'm
afraid,"' said Winstone to ' Meldrum, as
!the two " men stood staring at the death
''before them: * - _'¦' . '
Dan Hook yelled his terrible news,' and
the first officer called all hands to save
the ship, but human power was vain In
such a 'strait, and every experienced
man on ! board knew; that the Morning
Star had come to the end of her last voy
age.
• Before they could bring her round, for
she answered but slowly and sulkily to
her helm under present circumstances,
the gray chaos of broken water had crept
close out of the night, and then deep cur
rents gripped the doomed hull with hands
of iron," and she wallowed, -broadside on,
100 yards from the breakers..
.The hoarse growl of the breakers and
the sudden- gleam of them not half- a
mile distant set the seal on his growing
alarm, yet staggered him Immeasurably.
There, right -away, to' the : east, on the
port bow, extended a hideous hell of
broken water wherehe had supposed only
the; deep sea rose and. fell, and, right
ahead, the- sea waa . also * splashed ; and
streaked with foam. ,
darkness, and what he had heard was
the tumble and roar of heavy seas beat-
Ing against j stone. , ' For some time ] his
anxiety had deepened, because there was
that in the Increased leap and wave beat
of the sea which told, him, despite the
darkness, that- the; Mornlnc. Star was in
shallower: water. And yet, as she had
been steadily-- standing to the southeast
he supposed that she should now be far
from shore.;
"'Delicate flush and glow of rose at length
'^banished night; the stars disappeared one
• byone; and against"; the, east; as the, light
' strengthened \ and -I flushed ';/. into high
1 heaven. . there . appeared r the ; contour ', of
landlrWIth; tropical, speed ,the : 'day ; broke
' and , presently ; the ; sun f rore | over.; the lark
eastern ridge of earth and climbed aloft
Jinto'a'clear sky. -^ Soon: the full, flery heat
of him' blazed down . over a calm sea and
:'a' prayer 'of '/thankfulness , rose - in : many
hearts.-. i ,-.V- '¦/*". - < '¦-''. ; : . ¦'-,-' . : -/." ¦
' 'As" Dan , Hook ; r«marked, , there was fno
reason, why a single ship's rat should per
ish, for:: salvation- ' was at hand, ; and,
¦ ¦. In , the hold stood > deep water, enough,
.'but r it ; did v not increase • rapidly, and J, the
i wreck 'was evidently .held up flrmly from
', the t bottom. * ¦--¦ ;¦';??' Js^^^BM^^ir ; - -: ;¦ ¦- :
Hearts took, hope as the time length
ened out and 'the sheets of white water
hissed aboard less and less often. Then
a cheer/: came from forward where the
gigantic labors of Hook and his fellow
seamen had • at. length cut the mast free
and seen It float on ahead clear of the
ship. i ' > ¦ .
;.--' A- boat was „ now :, ready for launching,
but Ogilvie refused : to allow it to leave
the .vessel. :-, -He ; held « that ' the Morning
Star herself ,was safer than the sea, and
until v light came and f revealed their true
position he . bid them make ¦ no effort - to
depart.. vP&plHMSWHPI •'. -" ' -
A sad vision of terror succeeded upon
this disaster. ' Two men were carried
overboard with .'. the foremast, and now
the great spar, held alongside by the
oordase, ;'. began to pound at the side ' of
the ship like a" battering ram. Astecn she
was settling, . as .: it ; seemed, . and " that
rapidly, but her bows rose well out of the
in t r r •
Here crowded the life of the ship. Mme.
Podesta, In the last agony of fear, clung
to her husband and rent the air with hys
terical shrieks: Signor Polti,' white to the
lips, knelt by, himself and bowed his head
and prayed; Dan Hook, roaring for aid,
was at work upon the broken mast, chop
ping and hacking at the heavy ropes
which bound; It alongside.
A strange white light from the wilder
ness of seething water, made darkness
visible, and against it might be seen the
huge form of Meldrum with the' lesser
shapes of Fain, Winstone and some of
the sailors struggling at a boat and en
deavoring to "turn 'her on the davits and
make ready for launching. Elizabeth
Ogilvle stood by her uncle, pale and
breathless, but silent.
Each moment of that terrible crisis
seemed; a century to all not actively en
gaged In manual labor. Those sweating
and struggling -with ax or rope suffered
least. The others stood mute and ready,
awaiting that last: plunge when the ship
would sink to her long home. .
But the Morning Star was hard and fast
and showed no "sign as yet of breaking
up. : She .would; not sink unless buffeted
from heriPresent position by the seas, and
this seemed an Improbable event, at any
rate for -the V present, as every moment
the waves decreased and the wind fell/
to the mainland of Mafia Island.
All too soon, however,' the end came.
Land,'; or, lofty rocks, had suddenly
loomed out of the night, and In the first
• glimmering premonition of dawn, while
yet the stars shone diamond bright In a
clear sky, „ the Morning Star touched
ground. So slight i proved the Bhock that
scarcely a ¦ man was thrown off his feet;
but a sharper, , harsher Impact followed
and then the ship heeled over to star
board . and the foremast parted . twenty
feet i from the deck. . .
.Captain * Ogilvie made this announce
ment" himself,'-' and ; crew; \ arid , passengers
gave" him i a* cheer as he did ; so, -A>ut all
"were I impressed with * the ¦ terrible expres
sion on v. his :¦ face .as he " ranged , his eye
overkills' men v and, then departed.. ; -..
.The i loss $ of /, his '" '. ship ; : had ;- t ' doubtless
caused this; strange \ and haggard; change
in'/ him," so the * crew 'supposed; : but some
Captain Ogilvie presided at this confer
ence, and ; Lord ", Wiristona was invited to
attend ' it. but declined to do so o- " the
ground that his, opinion upon such a ques
tion'could possess no value. Moreover,
he was entirely of one mind and frankly
admitted he could not approach \the ar
guments for ' landing on Mafia without
prejudice. , • < '
At 3 in the afternoon Captain Ogilvla
and Mr.' Crouch appeared from the smok
ing-room, and \ the news was made , publlo
that on the to-owing day all passengers
would •¦ be sent ashor* .' and effort* made
to save at least part of the freight. That
craft of size large'enougirto take off tha
Morning Star's cargo might . lie at Mafia
was {possible^ .and I on the - following day
at dawn a boat's crew, would pull to the
island and ascertain. ; ,Two other boats
were' to leave the wreck at the same time,
their • course being '-' Bhaped for the main*
land ; : and with these the passengers Were
to i T travel; All would , be permitted to
take" a : f air share of their private ' prop
erty. : Whether 'a , landing ' might ; be ef
fected was doubtful, but .once T off ; : tha
coasts the bigl whaleboats. could- He. out
side ,the ; surf " and ' their signals must \ be
seen' from* Slmbaraiiga."
"We're : no*, ashore anywhere yet," In
terrupted Fain; "and I heard Mr. Macabe
say it was a auestlon whether the pas
sengers wouldn't be landed on Mafia Isl
and. We're in the skipper's hands and
since day dawned he has disappeared
again. His cabin door Is locked,' and ha
says he is not to be disturbed for sev
eral , hours. He will, not even see Miss
Ogilvie." fi.
A scrambling luncheon was served soon
after midday, and Immediately the , meal
had been disposed of a council of war met
to decide what course to- pursue.
"We might get ashore at Blmbaranga.
work ; across t the Mahenge country, be
tween lakes Tanganyika and Nyassa, and
then keep "right ahead to Mweru., It's as
easy as falling off a. log!"
¦,1'Yes-on the chart," admitted Lord
Winstone. "But you can't call a hansom
when : you're tired in Central Africa, and
the question Is whether we shall be able
to fit out at all nearer than Zanzibar.
We want* at least fifty men, including
head men, if we can get 'em, but on sec
ond thoughts I doubt If such an expedi
tion can be mustered nearer than Zanzi
bar."
alow sanfly Islet lyln* weD wlUiln tha
main great Island of Mafia.
The latter rose easterly as a fray *«"••*
on the horizon, and appeared to be about
ten miles distant, while to the west a dim
blue mist Indicated the African shore.
¦The navigating of fleers* first , care wm
to make an examination of the exact po
sition of their ship. The ocean was now
smooth as glass, and no more than a ring
of foam bubbled pearly bright about the
neck of each Jagged rock that rose above
the sea.: Infinite purity marked the deep
rreen water under noon sunlight, and
with a sea telescope it wa» possible to
probe deep Into Its secrets.
Great birds surrounded the wreck ana
fought for fragments of food flun* over
board, while here and there on the
smooth surface appeared the smooth,
triangle of a shark's dorsal fin.
Though the: stokehole was submerged
and 5 the engine room' knee deep in water.
It % encroached ' no further, ; and thus ' tlia.t
part " of ¦ the vessel In '? which men " lived
remained 1 1ntact with all the necessary
luppHea of : Ufa. JiflpPBG
Observations were taken and the chart
consulted. Then ', it : transpired ' that , the
Morning Star had struck a reef some ten
miles Inside the island of Mafia, and that
she lay about forty 1 miles from ; tfae_ niain
land. •- ';'/'/"-¦*— •'*'• ,~ t ' v '?-> : ¦-•• "
Lord Wlnstone positively chuckled
when he heard it.
"I- should like to know what gives you
bo much solid satisfaction if I may ask."
eaid Tracy Fain at Bight of this merri
ment.
"You shall know. If we had absolutely
chosen our landing place on African soil
we could hardly have made a better
shot. Indeed, it would be impossible.
We want Lake Mweru, don't we? Very
well. Take the chart and draw a line
from the mainland opposite Mafia to
the southern extremity of the lake and
you will see It is practically the nearest
possible point to which ; 'a vessol could
have brought us. I'm devilish sorry for
the Morning Star, but it's an ill wind
that blows nobody, any 'good, and the
grand thing is our guns are safe,",
Meldrum next* spoke, ' with his eyes on
the chart. . l"£v^f
though the Morning Star had become a
total wreck, no danger to any aboard of
her could now be said to exist.
So the shipwrecked souls lifted up their
roices and saluted the sunlight, ignorant,
one and all, of the danger close at hand,
cind of ; the awful . and Imminent fate
destined for many who now praised God
that they were still in the land of the
living* '
Nature had done her worst/and Provi
dence, holding the giant Anakim of old
ocean -in the hollow of her hand, had
guarded the struggling vessel and sulae«
her where those she carried might still
be saved from death In the deep sea, but
tne dark Imagination of man. the Inven
tions of man and the evil of »™ *»**•*
to work their way with the ill-fated
Morning Star. At P^ent. however and
until the next gale of wind should break
her up, she lay snug enough.
Had daylight served and Captain Ogil
vie been aware of the exact positions of
the rocks on which she: now reposed-a.
Sad shin with a broken back-he could
hardly have navigated her into a safer
position from the point of view of the
human life aboard her.
She lay due north and south, was pro
tected on the west by «-. grinning" ridge
of rocks like, teeth, to the east by slmi
far but lower ridges. The channel she
had entered before striking shelved shore
wards, and right ahead, not half a mile
from the ship, extended a bank of land-
of the passengers knew better, and Mr.
Messenger prayed on his knees In secret.
"Irough many hours that the unfortunate
Scotchman had passed the crisis of his
tribulation and might yet save his soul
and his body alive.
The night closed down without any in-,
terval of twilight, and flares were rigged
fore and aft to facilitate the nocturnal
work." Three boats were made ready, one
for the island, to be manned by Mr.
Crouch and a crew of four men; the
others, which were considerably larger
and carried big sails, for the passengers.
Of these" the second officer was to com
mand one, Dan Hook the other.
. Captain Ogilvie. Mr. Macabe and the
bulk of the crew would remain with the
ship and transfer cargo to the shore; and
as it was impossible to get steam for the
donkey engines to work the crane3, wind
lasses were rigged to bring up on deck
that portion of the freight which was
not alread£_under water. . -
There was no danger for those who
remained by the Morning Star, as in
the event of a return of bad weather the
men aboard could easily reach the shore
of the low islet on which they had been
cast. To this, indeed, a boat had already
put off, and after an examination the
crew of her reported an easy landing and
,the presence of some caves In the low
cliffs above high-water mark, where
/goods from the ship might . be safely
housed for the present.
Never in the memory of any on board
/had a big vessel been wrecked under
more fortunate conditions. As Hook
said;..
advanced, and when It, became a qua*
tlon of what each passenger should taJu
ashore, both Lord Wlnstone and Roy
Meldrum, after packing necessaries, de
clded for their batteries of guns, while
Tracy Fain, who was no sportsman, took
for his portion several * cases of beads
and knives, looking glasses and bright
trinkets, to be - used as gifts In their pro
gress across the countries of the various
savage potentates. No great anxiety ac
companied these decisions, as It was as
sumed that another visit would certainly
be paid the Morning Star before the ex
plorers finally set forth to the Interior.
The boat for, Mafia > Island had already
started before , the passengers came to
breakfast, and * as soon as possible after
that meal was finished Captain Ogllvla
bid Dan Hook pipe the crews of the two
whaleboats destined to convey his pas
sengers to the shore.
Soon both -floated alongside, and while
the passengers' luggage was being stored
and all necessary tackle shipped, the
skipper sent along a message to Lord
Wlnstone, desiring hl3 company. The
sportsman . Instantly complied and waa
soon hidden In the captain's cabin.
Alister Ogilvie looked a trifle stronger
than he had done for many days, and
though weak and thin, a very obvious
change for the better appeared In his
manner. His eyes were less wild, his ges
tures and speech more calm and dignified.
"Lord Wlnstone." he said, "before you
Have the ship I have something to say to
you. I need not, however, dwell much
upon the past. It forms a nightmare
horror, and if I live to be an old man toe
GOLDEN FETICH
Sunday Call
Literary Section.'. One. man had died, through eating some
poisonous berries, and two others lay sick
from 4 the same cause, but were" expected
to recover. Other serious Illness there
was none. As for, food, it had been plenti
ful thus far, although the friendly na
tives, from whom Indian corn, fowls,
goats and bananas were purchased, knew
the value of beads and brass wire as well
as Lord Wlnstone himself.
For two 1 weeks all went well enough and
the little company settled down into a
military regularity and smartness. The
weather was fair; no danger threatened,
and the river in its lower reaches proved
tolerably easy. But the last few stages
were so- difficult and slow that, on a cer
tain day, near Furhanl, In tha Usagara
country," Lord Winstone decided that the
Mukondogwa' was no longer navigable,
and Meldrum called a halt for camp.
'¦' On the morrow the boats would return
whence they had came, and for purposes
of navigation the expedition would de
pend in future on chance canoes, either
occupied without permission or borrowed
by arrangement with friendly natives. One
hundred and twenty miles had been ac
complished in sixteen days on the river,
giving a fair average of more than seven
miles per day.
It was the 7th day of January when the
Meldrum treasure recovery company, as
Bessie called it, set forth by boat upon
the wide waters of the Waml. afterward
called the Mukondogwa Rrlver. The port
ers and fighting men were told their des
tination, but no more, and they regarded
the expedition as one to be devoted to
sport alone. Good progress was made at
tho outset and the last Indications of civ
ilization speedily vanished behind the ex
plorers as they pushed westward upon
their way.
RHINOS.
CHAPTER X.
"That's so. As for organization, you
hadn't thought of that; but j we must
have a sort of military system, for It's
the only thing a Zanzibari understands.
You're the commanding officer. I'm your
first lieutenant, and will go ahead with
my nigger hunter, Blackbird, and tha
little regiment of Soudanese righting men.
Then Fain, with the Arab, Omar Laluzl,
must lead one body of the Zanzibars, and
Dan Hook, with Raalt, the othe^r head
man, who's a rascal, If I'm not mistaken,
will head tho other."
"All right I'll tell Dan to watch the
chap pretty closely."
"Your grand difficulty with Zanzlbaris
Is to get common sense Into their asses'
skulls. At first they're the biggest fools
on earth, and quite obvious to danger
until it stares them in the face; and then
they turn into the biggest ¦ cowards - on
earth, and will drop their guns' and fall
on their faces and let a naked savage
cut their throats single-handed, as though
they, were sheep.
"Now, good : night; and one more hint;
begin . with ; short marches i at first, no
matter how tempting the way. Let the
laden men grow accustomed . to their
loads and It will pay you in the long run.
And : above all things, order Hook and
your J friend Fain to . keep ; their I tempers
at all , times and under all circumstances.
It's difficult ; but absolutely essential.
Have Infinite patience with these poor
fools, and don't punish them . more than
you can help.
"They're trying folks to deal with, and
their Jdiccy has often .endangered, the
safety of many greater and more Import
ant expeditions than, thla little. sporting
.venture of , ours; but 'tolerance . and fore
bearance are the best and only .weapons
to, fight them .with. They always buy
their experience in the dearest market,
and when a few have come to grief and
lost. their lives,' as always happens sooner
or later, the others get a little sense.'!*
Meldrum' heartily thanked his friend for
these .varied and valuable hints; then re
tired, to sleep his last sleep on a comfort
able bed for many a day.
be expected to get very near game. As to
the aborigines, I ? m not familiar with
when In these districts, but we shall find
every sort, be sure— some friendly and
some the reverse. It all takes time, and
permission to go through a chief's country
often requires a great deal of diplomacy
to secure."
"Then the sooner we're on the march
tho better," declared Roy.
• As a matter of fact, however, with the
exception of a' few Zanzibar carriers who
knew the earlier stages of their Journey,
the ground was strange to all members
of the expedition from , the outset. , Lord
¦Winstone knew the Cape,' the Transvaal
and Rhodesia '¦ well; ; Somali, Uganda and
the Congo ; were also; not unfamiliar . to
him, but ! he broke new ground" in ' Ger
man Africa.
On the eve of departure ' his ; Lordship
defined the position and the nature of the
expedition before them. : .
No mention of the treasure of precious
stones they, went to seek had been made
at Zanzibar. Indeed, Lord Wlnstone
frankly declared that the expedition must
be regarded as one of sport and adven
ture, for heads of heavy game and Afri
can curiosities were, in his opinion, the
only likely returns from the trip. He was
not, of course, aware .that Roy Meldrum's
finances had now become much diminish
ed, and when the. porters demanded two
months', pay In advance before the,com
pany set forth Roy signed tha draft some
what gloomily, for he knew nothing : of
the value of money, though he now be
gan to. discover that before African travel
thousands vanish away like | a shower of
rain on thirsty ground. But hope was
In his blood, a part of himself, and on
the day the little cavalcade of seventy
five, souls turned their . faces toward the
unknown no , man of the party was - In
better or more sanguine spirits than their
chief.
Roy much desired Wlnstone to assume
the command, but bis Lordship declined
to do any < such thing. He pointed out
that Meldrum by all right must lead; that
he was a far more picturesque and com
manding figure than any in the • column,
and that.* for the rest, his (Lord Win
stone's) knowledge of the country and the
people was always at his friend's disposal
to draw uz>on." - " ' ' • '
enced followers. He then made other
purchases, including three pack donkeys
and a riding ass; two tents, dipped in sul
phate of copper to preserve them from
rotting, a chest of various drugs and
three huge bottles of quinine. Cloth he
also purchased in large quantities, with
fifty pounds of brilliant beads and a mile
or so of bright brass wire— an enormously
popular commodity with the savages.
Lastly he had the good fortune to meet
a former servant— one Blackbird, a full
blooded Ethiopian, who had served him
faithfully on a former expedition. The
man was free and Joyfully Joined his old
master.
After dark the boat from Mafia Island
returned, and those aboard of her were
horrified at the terrible fate whi<h had
overtaken their companions. They them
selves brought the news that a little trad
ing schooner was leaving Mafia for Zanzi
bar two days later and. that she could ac
commodate half a dozen persons with
their luggage for that Journey.
Mr. Crouch, who was now in command,
declared his intention of returning to
Mafia Island in a few days, when those
at present in Ill-health had recovered ;
and after the wbaleboat returned: at
dawn to report tremendous surf off the
mainland and no possibility of making
shore in their craft, the first officer was
all the more, fixed In his "determination.
Early next day, therefore, the remain
ing passengers put off once more for the
island. ten miles distant, and with them
went . Dan Hook, whose wound . was ap
parently healing by first Intent. ¦ He had
accepted Meldrum's offer to accompany
Then it transpired that neither Mr.
Rhodes, nor even President Kruger, were
the objects of their wrath. Polti's mis
sion was to destroy the Sultan of Zanzi
bar—an example of the aimless and fat
uous policy usually adopted by anarchists
who, when they do pluck courage to
strike, usually destroy the le'ast powerful
or most amiable leaders cf men. .
Fain, who knew a little Italian, made
out that Polti had once been an assistant
in the laboratory in the scientific institu
tion of Bologna, had Joined the brother
hood, and had been drawn by lot to carry
out their policy in Africa. Others, whose
names were given, had similarly been se*
lected to destroy prominent personages
elsewhere, but against whom Poltl j de
signed to use the infernal machines of his
construction did not appear until several
leaders of his party were arrested and
made confession.
however, closed in so far as this narrative
is concerned; indeed, it only excite \ a
passing frown on the world's wide face
when the facts came to be reported in
civilization; but his death happily rid Eu
rope of one of two greater rascals than
himself, for the secrets of the brotherhood
of the Red Knife— an Italian organization
whose headquarters were In London
proved to be set out at extreme length in
Polti's bulky pocketbook, and when the
memoranda reached Scotland Yard tlie
scoundrel's accomplices, Innocent of any
knowledge that the long arm of the law
was stretching toward them at last, -were
easily captured.
remembered that be
fore the final catastrophe
Poltl had thrown down a pack
et into the boat.
"I have it yet," he said, "but I liau.
utterly forgotten It until this moment.*^
He brought out the heavy pocketbook
and the three men fell to carefully study
ing 1 it3 contents.
The incident of the anarchist Poltl Is.
"Never, Fred. She'll be our mascot.
God bless her!" declared the lover in a
fervor of conviction.
"It's no good arguing with you," an
swered his Lordship. "I only hope you
won't regret a foolish action when it is
too late."
"Perhaps she'll be the very one to find
them! A' woman's always got an eye for
gems."
"You're idiots, both of you. Such an
event as a young woman going on a big
game shooting expedition Into Central Af
rica dosn't often happen."
"B«t it's going to happen."
"Yes, I know. You're taking your dia
mond with you, and I'm afraid she'll bad
ly handicap you in your search for the
other precious stones. That's tha truth
of the matter."
"Well. I hope things will be all right,
but I should feel a good deal happier If
she were not going," declared his Lord
ship. "It's a fool's trick, if you'll forgive
me for saying so."
"But she will come. What can a chap
do?"
JMeldrum refused
to avail himself
of it.
"I daren't, and
that's a fact," he
said. "You see the up
shot of this business is
very uncertain, and if I
don't find anything to pay
me at the other end. be
tween ourselves, Fred, I
shan't have even a home to
offer the girl when we come
back to civilization. Not, at any
rate, immediately. I've pot money
enough to see this business through,
and that's about all; so I'll put off
matrimony till I find where we are at
the end. It's only fair to Bessie."
At this moment Poltl, attired In a gray
suit and big gray hat of light felt, ap
ptared at th*« ten of the ladder.
"I ccrne this Instant." he said. "You
sadly fluster me, M. Meldrum, with your
hupe shoutings; and Capltalr.e Ogilvle, he
sadly fluster me also. One little portman
teau Is all else. I get him this instant.
Take this for me. Then I fetch my little
portmanteau quicker than lightning."
So saying be droped a small packet into
the boat and Meldrum caught it and put
It into his pocket until the owner should
arrive. Poltl again vanished to his cabin
and there began a further delay.
At this moment, thirty yards from the
ship's side, a big turtle appeared awlm-
"Ah! Now we see why this great In
dignation!" laughed Mme. Podesta, and
her little wrinkled face became as full of
lines and cross lines as a pipe rock melon.
"But as for Signor Poltl, though he Is a
man cf mystery, and was very, very
frightened when the great waves came,
he has a tongue of honey, M. Meldrum,
and the manner of an aristocrat. Far
more than the Lord Wlnetone. Is It not
so? '&r as dlabo a sua parte. We must
give sven monsieur the prince of the
gTeat warm place his due"
"Stupid Idiot." said Meldrum. "Why the
deuce should everybody be bothered like
this? And 'he other boat out there roast
ing, and Miss Ogilvle—"
After being told the extent of the lug
gsge that he might take as his share,
Eignor Polti had disappeared to his cabin
and only once reappeared therefrom to
drink a cup of coffee at the hour of
breakfast- Now. they still waited for
him, and Roy shouted and Dan Hook
made irr.polite, asides.
In the other boat were to sail General
Podesta and his wife. Roy Meldrum and
Elgnor Poltl. The first officer, with four
men, had gene in the little vessel al
ready dispatched to Mafia, and Dan Hook
was therefore appointed Eklpper of the
second boat for the mainland.
The awful incident that followed could
only be dimly realized by those who be
held it. The first boat had pushed off,
proceeding cautiously clear of the rocks,
and was now waiting rather less that a
quarter cf a nolle distant for her com
panion.
Time passed end still the Eecor.d boat
did not come. An awning was rigged to
keep the terrible vertical sunshine from
Uessle'i head and Lord Winstone' grum
bled an echo to the growling comments
of the sailors, fcr the day grew each mo
ment more fiery hot. the wind was In
sufficient to fill th% boat's sail, and the
prospect of a thlrty-flve mile pull In a
heavy and deeply laden craft became less
and Ices pleasant to men alrcsdy weary
with a night of work.
"I'll give 'em five minutes more to fol
low," said the second officer, as he turned
In the stern sheets, and tried to get a
eight of the dawdling craft behind him.
"Now they're coming, I believe," he add
ed. "They're clear of the ship, anyway."
Meantime those in the second boat were
quite :-s irnpatien* of delay as their lead
ers and the more eo that one man only
was responsible for it.
"That I do, and I believe that though
your ship's a wreck, your soul will soon
be in derp water again. Forget the past
end look forward cheerfully to a Ufa of
health and honor and happiness — a life
worthy cf a man."
They shook hands heartily and Lord
Winstone bid his patient farewell.
"We shall meet to-morrow," he said.
"for I design to come back to the ship. If
all is well. There are several things I
canrot take with me now, but would wish
to have them before our expedition starts.
Indeed, if all Is well ashore and the of
ficers of the boats decide to come back to
the ship to-night. I shall probably re
turn with them, supposing they make no
objection."
So the interview ended and Lord Wln
6tone left the captain's cabin, little
dreaming that he had seen the last of Al
ister Ogilvle.
Soon the boats were loaded and man
red and a hearty cheer greeted the de
parture of the first under the command
of the second ofScer. With him he took
four men, while the passengers who ac
companied him were Miss Ogilvle, Tracy
Fain, Lord Winstone and Mr. Messenger.
Elizabeth had wished to stop with her
uncle, but she yielded to his desire and
the entreaty of P»oy. It was proposed
that ehe should remain at Slmbaxanga
until everything possible had been saved
from the wreck, and then return with
Captain Ogllvie and his crew to Zanzibar,
from which port It would be possible to
get a vessel bound for Europe.
"Think no more of It, my dear fellow.
You would have done Just as much for
me had the positions been reversed. At
er.y rate It is an ill wind thai blows good
to nobody; and if this bad business h&s
resulted In an escape for you from the
opium demon— well. I for one cannot
¦wholly regret It. Better to lose your ship
than your soul." l|
"You believe that we have souls to
save?"
my brutality to you or express the extent
cf my gratitude." answered tha other.
"Bin I can do neither; I can only Im
plore you to forgive & man who was rav
ing mad when he fell on you; and to be
lieve that I shall bless your name as long
as I live."
THE EXPEDITION IS FIT
TED OUT.
Thus qutstloneu, Mel
drum slowly passed the in
cidents of th« mornim;
in review, aa«i uien
CHAPTER IX.
Happily, ample stores had already b«en
taken off the ship to the island and now
a flre was lighted and a meal prepared.
Thus, out of a total of /orty-elght souls,
less than half were alive, and twenty-six
had perished. Of the former, one rescued
Bailor never recovered consciousness; Dan
Hook had received a heavy flesh wound
in his leg and the other men were suffer
ing In a less degree.
There was nothing to be done for the
rest, as most of those upon the ship had
been literally blown into their elements
by the explosion, and the few In the sec
ond boat not accounted for were either
drowned, destroyed by sharks, or slain
by the falling spars.
The survivors landed and a brief, hush
ed conference took place. Then the boat
was lightened and a small party, under
the second officer, set out for the main
land. Only sailors accompanied him and
It was hoped, as a lljjht breeze had now
sprung up, that they might make the
coast before dark and return on the fol
lowing day.
Captain Ogllvie, Mr. Macabe, his junior
officer In the engine room; General Po
desta, his' little wife, and Signor Polti
were all destroyed, together with not less
than twenty men.
Three men (two firemen snd a ship's
steward) were happily ashore, taking
cargo on the Island beach, at the time
of the explosion, and three others, In
cluding Dan Hook, were now dragged
into the boat, one at his last gasp, and
unconscious. But these represented the
sole survivors, and a terrible heavy death
roll remained.
Roy had already effected one rescue,
and a small cabin boy,, who was right
forward at the time of the explosion and
escaped by a miracle, had been dragged
Into safety as he rose half strangled to
the surface. . ..v
At last the boat reached the scene of
the catastrophe snd parsed hastily to
whore evidences appeared of life. Three
men had swum to the rocks, and the first
sound In Bessie's ears was the sound of
her sweetheart's voice, crying to them
that pc was safe and unharmed.
The awtul tension of th^se endless mo
ments which passed before their boat
could return chiefly tried tbose among
the rescuers who were inactive, for the
men at the oars h^d no time to think.
But to one beyond all the rest this
•vent appealed with crushing and dis
tracting significance, nnd into the mind
of Elizabeth Ogllvie fell such a night of
horror-stricken grief as happily descends
upon the life of few yomr-n.
In a moment all that was dearest to
her in tbo world had b»en ewept away.
Roy, indeed, might still ll\-e if h« hart
escaped the descending spar, but in that
eea of sharks the chances were against
the escape of any one who had occupied
the sunken boat; while as for those on
the steamer it was mere hope run mad
to believe a single soul could have sur
vived the explosion.
Bessie uttered no sound, gave no sign
of her agony; but she kept her straining
eyes on the sea, while Fain and Lord
Wlnstone watched her closely, fearful
that she might lose her self-control.
The watchers saw more than this, for
their sister boat, though happily out of
reach of the original explosion, being well
clear of the ship at the time, was now
struck and sunk by a heavy spar drop
ping into it from aloft.
The sulphurous clouds rose and hung
like a pall over the scene of death and
ruin; screams and groans came c.?arly
to the awe-etricken spectators, and the
sea, as It grew smoother, was covered
with bisck ppecks and streaks of bloody
foam, little lakes or oil, fragments of the
thousand things that had filled the ship,
barrels, patches and shreds of canvas,
shattered timbers, a torn red ensign,
gaudy cotton goods floating In ribbons,
fragments of books and papers, the dust
of cinders, the stain of coal, dead fish,
awful fragments of the flesh of the dead
and living men fighting their last battle
and losing It.
Seablrds shrieked over the desolate
scene and the sunshine filled the smoke
with a dazzle of light as each billow of
It expanded and thinned and ro^e highf-r
and higher above the theater of the
tragedy.
Kven within fifty yards Df tho«-« who
mercifully escaped heavy masses of wood
snd Iron, hurled from the wreck, had
fallen; but now the startled and heavins
fiea grew calm again, save by struggling
life, and the boat, driven by stout arms
and bending oars, came racing bark to
save any who had not already passed be
yond salvation.
The note was sharp and clear. It fell
like a knife on the ear, like a heavy blow
against the heart. For a moment they
sat dazed and stunned; then, gasping and
with faces grown pale, they looked in the
direction of the Morning Star.
The ehlp had vanished, and In her place
a tremendous column of yellow pmolte
ascended Into the blue sky, then billowed
hugely out, as a cloud billows to meet a
waterspout. A hell of stinking vapor had
suddenly burst from the Morning Star,
and now, after ghastly moments of si
lence, came the thundering smash of
heavy objects falling into the water.
An awful chaos of tumbling waves, bat
tered and lashed to foam by falling tim
ber and iron, now spread where the great
mass of the shio had laid. The catas
trophe had blown her afterpart to pieces,
hurling huge masses aloft, while the stem,
now completely separated from the rest,
had gone down entire and a great whirl
pool hissed and yawned above it.
It was at this moment that the second
officer In the distant boat had uttered the
last remark recorded: and now a horri
fied cry escaped his lips and every ear
was hurt by the sound of a terrific ex
plosion.
mine leisurely with sot a little of Its shell
gieajnlng brilliantly above the water. The
Incident distracted those on the boat for
a moment and they paddled In the direc
tion of tho reptile, while Hook Instantly
began to relate picturesque yarns con
cerning' turtles In general and his own ex
periences with them in particular.
Captain Ogllvie, however, did not share
this distraction. Polti's continued delay
angered him. It was already long past
• o'clock and, according to his original
plan, the boats ere this should have been
ten mflcs on their way. Now he used
some sailor's language and, hurrying to
the top of the companion, shouted a few
sharp words down it
"If rou're not In the boat In . half a
minute, Signor Poltl, It goes without you.
Now, one— two— three — four" —
"Stay— stay— arrest the boat! I come,
but I must be slow— I"—
He appeared at the bottom of the lad
der, forgot the list of the ship, slipped
when half way up and uttered a shrlli
scream of terror as the big leather case
he carried dropped from his hand and fell
fifteen feet to the deck below.
Few had appetite for food, but the
wounded suffered terribly from thirst. To
these Lord Winstone and Tracy Fain min
istered as best they could, spreading for
them In the little caves along the shore
some of the bales of cloth already taken
out of the Morning Star and thus giving
them comfortable couches out of the sun's
glare.
Meldrum was wholly occupied with
Elizabeth, who now suffered severely
from the after, effects of the shock and
the consciousness of her uncle's terrible
death. W
Roy, himself absolutely unhurt, tramped
the hot sand and found ty his great de
light some turtle's eggs. Of these he
made a sort of dismal mess in a tin pan
and patiently cooked it under the impres
sion he was preparing an omelet for Bea
dle.
Not until the evening, when the grirl
was peacefully sleeping in a little cavern,
high and dry above thu sea, did Meldrum,
Winstone and Tracy Fain meet together
and discuss the past and future.
vThe guns are all right," said his Lord
ship, "and nothing else matters."
Conscious from Boy's stars that this
remark sounded unutterably cynical to
other ears, ho proceeded:
"I mean nothing else matters to us now.
God is aware how bitterly I deplore the
awful loss of life, and he know3 that i
would have gladly given myself if any
one of those poor fellows coutd have
lived; but the reason of Providence's acts
la bidden from man. We ara permitted
to remain, while others, as good and bet
ter, are snatched to their last account.
Now we must look forward. And, as J
said, the guns are left." .
"How did it happen.'" asked Fain. "You
wcro nearer than we were, Roy. Can
you add anything to what we know?" >
I>ord Winstone, who was h!m«elf fa
miliar with Swahlli. the vernacular of
Zanzibar, chose a couple of head '
men for his troop and bade
each collect five and
twenty experl-
Seeing the expedition was one of peace,
Lord Winstone did not entirely agree
with the German, and it was finally set
tled that fifty porters and a small party
of ten or twelve Soudanese under arms
would b« sufficient.
As for the remainder of the crew, with
the first and Second officers of the Morn-
Ing Star, it may here be said at once that
they, too, reached Zanzibar from Mafia
a fortnight later, and conveyed to that
port the cargo eaved from the Morning
Star before she was blown up. Subse
quently all returned to England, being
conveyed as distressed British seamen In
a British steamer.
Once at Zanzibar, Meldrum found much
to do before he could depart into the In
terior, and his modest ideas were quickly
shown to be too small for the task and
Its dancers.
Permission to take a hunting party to
lake Mweru was granted by tho German
representative at Zanzibar, but he urged
the employment of a considerable number
of Zanzlbarl or Wamyamwezl porters, to
cether. with a dozen at least of well
armed fighting men: and he assured the
leaders of the expedition that the greater
the number they took with them In rea
son, the smaller would be the fear of
savage attack.
the e*o#«Jtlon. and Roy way well satls-
V*L • *" P r<>mI aed to be a useful man
witn niggers. He was, moreover, passing
nonest.and apparently feared nothing. •
The ahort Journey to Mafia Island was
•oon completed. , and the longer one to
Zanzibar occupied a week in a fast little
sailing ship and proved wholly unevent-
.''Speaking' roughly, • It Is 750 miles as a
crow files from this place. Saadanl. to
the southern shore of Lake; Mweru,
where •• we shall hit the river Luapula.
The country to be traversed Is very di
versified and we shall make most un
equal'progress, sometimes doing our five
and even bIx miles a day on the plains,
more often putting in three to three and a
half miles.";. We. will add to the 750 miles
of {'total -distance another 200, which Is
f airly, liberal, and we get 850 miles. Add
fifty more for the distance down the Lua
pula to the Wambasl tributary, which
leads Into the Bacontas country, and we
get 1000 miles. Assume a progress of
three miles a day and we have about 333
days to complete the outward Journey.
That, as a matter of fact. Is pretty much
what we shall do, if things go reasonably
right, though, of course, at times we shall
push along a good deal faster. I will ven-:
ture to prophesy that the total trip takes
rather more than a year and a half; that,
if fate is kind, we shall get to the Ba
toncas early In December, and that we
are home again Inside two years."
Meldrum gasped.
"Oood heavens, Fred, you don't mean
that?"
"Is It possible, my dear fellow, you
made no calculation before you started?"
"Rather so; any amount; but they were
Jolly different ones."
"Based on your own powers of walk-
Ing along a turnpike road plentifully
dotted with places of refreshments — eh?"
"Not exactly, but I certainly reckoned
on ten to twelve miles a day."
"Walt till you see the country— the for
ests and the rivers. Besides, remember
we must eat. and to kill game for a big
party means a long halt and a rest and
the hunters well away from the main
camp. A mob of marching men cannot
"Mrs. Baker went with her husband to
the lakes," aha said, "and there are many
English ladles In the very heart of Africa
doing noble work. Am I not as plucky
and hardy aa they were? Indeed and In
deed I can't leave you. Roy; you're every
thing I've got now. You mustn't ask me
to. Just think what my life would ba
while month after month passed by and I
had never a word from you and lived In
agonized doubt as. to whether you were
dead or alive. It's too frightful to imag
ine. I. must come, and I'll be no 'trouble
and do what I'm told and help with the
cooking if I can— when there's anything
to cook; and If you and Lord Wins tone
won't let me come with you, I shall so
alone." r 4 "^ .v
Argument was vain, and as a sign of de
feat Meldrum finally bought a fine white
riding ass for Bessie's especial benefit and
a snug little doublet for her. while an ex
perienced German lady at Saadanl assist
ed the girl to make a variety of necessary
purchases, and a smart Knfflr boy of fif
teen, to whom she toqk & fancy, was
appointed hor special servant.
Lord Wlnstone, finding Miss
¦ Ogilvie absolutely determ
ined, advised Roy to
marry her before" the
expedition started,
but. though the
suggestion was
pleasant enough.
Th© expedition was f now fully equipped
and on the mainland, 'at Saadanl, and the
following morning I would | see It set forth
down the river Mukcf.dogwa in five boats.
One ; startling Incident has . yet to be
mentioned: Elizabeth Ogilvle begged to
be allowed to accompany the party. Hex
pluck* none doubted, but Mcldrum loved
his sweetheart too 'dearly to agree to such
a petition. ? \
Lord Winstone was of the same mind,
while Fain, on the contrary, supported
the girl's plea and saw no reason why one
so intrepid, so courageous and so strong
should not accompany them; He now af
fected a purely platonic attachment to
Bessie, and she, ever ready to credit all
men with good motives, was glad to pos
sess, his friendship and thankful that the
painful incident of the past had been bur
ied and forgotten.
But no arguments, other than those ad
vanced by Bessie herself, would have
moved Roy. He dimly guessed at the ter
rible difficulties and dangers before them,
and he hated the thought that the girl he
loved better than anything In the world
should be exposed to so much unneces
sary misery; while Lord Wlnstone, who
knew .better than Meldrum the nature of
the task before them, was also strongly
opposed to the suggestion. Bessie had
carried her way, however, and reminded
Roy of many reasons why she should go.
One other painful Incident, besides the
death of the carrier, had occurred during
Ihe preliminary stages of- the expedition.
The advance guard were armed with
Remingtons, and 'one of these -men was
caught in the act ;of sailing bis ."weapon to
a chief of a small. tribe for Hfty.hea.ds of
Indian corn'. .* The "awful danger of such
a course could not be over-estimated, as
the safety, of the entire company might
many times depend upon their defensive
powers. » "«/
Wlnstone reluctantly advi?ed hanging
the robber, as a necessary lesson to the
rest, and Fain agreed with him, but Mel
drum pursued a more tender course. Aa
yet his followers were untried, and his
heart was not so hard as experience of
the foolish Zanzlbaris and sh:fty Souuan
ese presently promised to make it
"He shall be flogged," said Roy.
It was explained to the sinner that only
his master's mercy had saved his life, and
he was then flogged by his own head
man, a lean and wiry Arab. who. with
Dan Hook's eye upon him. did his work
well. The warrior stood his punishment
stolidly, but next morning it was reported
that he had deserted, and with him went
his Remington and half a box of ammu
nition—as much as he could carry.
This happened two days before they
reached the last stage, that the boats
could make; and then came a morning
when, rounding a bend in the; river, a
great horseshoe-shaped fall, nearly forty
feet high, barred further progress.
Others, only less tremendous, had been
successfully passed below, but after a
survey of the ugly and rock-scattered
rapids that saread above the- M'posa
Falls, Meldrura determined to carry tha
boats no further. -
¦ The spot was well salted to tha making
of the usual camp, and tha leaders of the
party decided upon a stay of a week, to
put all In order, prepare the system of
loads and lay in an extra stock of food
against the unknown forests and prairies
before them. The routs was also to b«
carefully studied and planned and the
tents and camp furniture overhauled.
These things were dons and at tne end of
three days the boats set forth for home,
their departure reducing tha expedition
by fifteen men.
The future route was mapped put. and
ample stores collected from adjacent vil
lages. Indeed, matters progressed so sat
isfactorily and speedily ' that lleldrum
changed his Intention and declared an
earlier start than that determined upon
might be mad*.
Lord Wlnstone, with a couple of Zanzi
baris and Dan Hook, had gone afield that
morning, however, and on returning his
Lordahlp reported the tracks of heavy
game within two mile* of camp. There
a mass of mingled spoor had delighted the
hunter, and at a drinking hole upon tha
edge of mixed bush and prairie land he
had marked the tracks of eland; buffalo
and rhinoceros. • " .
"We have a clear day," he said, "and
may as well put It into sport— eh T I
haven't killed anything bigger than a
guinea fowl yet. Is the 'boss' willing t"
Of course Meldrum Immediately aban
doned his n'ew notion of pushing forward
and It was decided to spend one day with
big garce.
That night the two sportsmen made" 1
ready their batteries and each selected
three men to accompany him as bear
ers. Fain and Dan Hook were to remain
in cam?, and Elizabeth, though desirous
to join the shooting party with a light
shotgun that Roy had bought her at Zan
zibar, wag, of course, not permitted to
do so.
In her neat dress of holland, with short
skirt and long gaiters to the knee, Bes
sie had her special servant, Bungani, a
bright Kaffir lad, and Raalt. an Arab, the
head man of the second Zanzibar detach
ment, had a little »oort on her own ac
count, but she ran no risks and never
strayed far from the "boma"' or fence
of brushwood which encircled the camp,
having promised Roy not to lose sight
of It.
Meantime Tracy Fain, who was ap
pointed chronicler of th» expedition,
spent a day en bis diary, wbi'e thfe hunt-
Ing party with provisions for a four and
twenty hours' excursion, had already set
out at daybreak.
They had made their way to neighbor
ing high land, beneath whfch lay the wa
ter hole and beyond which to the skyline
extended fine hunting country , of alter
nate bush and prairie. The former pre
dominated around the water hole, but
beyond It a blrdseye view of plains, tree
dotted, could be observed, and with his
glass Lord Winstone made out a few buf
falo and jimall antelope grazing peace
fully in company not more than two
milts distant. The wind necessitated a
lengthy stalk, but taking their bearings
carefully both men descended from the'
bluff, passed the water hole upon their
left hand and then, getting through the
scrub belt below, which was chiefly com
posed of prickly acacia, separated until
half a mile parted them.
Each had his bearers behind him and
so began their stalk. For an hour' they
pursued a snakellkfc way within sight of
each other, then a high bed of reeds cam*
between them, and beyond It tha prospect
was altogether .hidden.
Roy had now to pursue hi» way by
compass through a bed of sere grass three
feet high. This proved difficult and pain
ful, for the stuff was harsh and tough
and cut the big man's face and hands aa
he pushed steadily forward, mnir^r for
a point where a tree stood.
Unknown to Roy, a, little clearing here
existed; the grass grew green and lush
and a streamlet wound sluggishly through
narrow channels of red mud. As ha strug
gled out upon the bank of It a cry of
birds rang in his ears and he found that
Immediately ahead of him stood the mi
mosa tree he had striven to reach.
Dimly through the grass at It* foot
heaved up a round mass of soma dark
ish substance and Roy, believins; It a
sort of ant heap different In kind to any
he had seen as yet, was about to Investi
gate, when, aroused by the shrill hissing
and din of the birds, the mass moved,
turned and lifted an enormous 'head oa
which two lofty horns appeared.
Meldrum had surprised a- rhinoceros—
a big cow. as the length" and thinness of
Its front horn testified; and now the awak
ened monster, with a grunt like a huge
pig. slowly rose to Its feet, sniffed the
air, then fixed small eyes on the disturber
of Its siesta. Only thirty yards separated,
man and beast, as It was difficult to say
at that critical moment which showed
greatest surprise.
Instinctively, though never before that
moment In the presence of big game, the
Englishman dropped his .577 express and
stretched his arm behind him for his
heavy four-bore', which should have been
In a Zanzlbari's hands within a yard or
two: but his rascals. aDr>alled by th*tr
sudden and unexpected meeting with the
rhino, had fled like one man. each leaving
his load where he turned.
Meldrum fell bacK, keeping his eye on
the rhinoceros. Then his foot struck the
four-bore, and as he bont to pick It up
the great animal before him suddenly be
came intent on an attack. "With an an
gry snort It charged straight and swift,
its head down, Its lean tail In th» a!r.
The sportsman had barely time to get
his gun to his shoulder and discharge it
at a range of fifteen yards. Luckily for
Roy the shot saved his life, though not by
destroying bis foe. He had never fired
the four-bore until that moment, and the
terrible recoil nearly broke his collar bone
and hurled him headlong backward to
the ground.
The rhinoceros always charges the
smoke of a gun discharged against it and
as the sportsman fell backward a dark.
monstrous body thundered over the spot
where he had stood and the huge foot of
the beast- crashed down within three
inches of Meldrum's thigh. At the same
Instant he twisted away and thus es
caped the hinder leg a second later.
Luckily the beast had not trodden upon
his gun in its charge. It proceeded
straight ahead, with gathering velocity."
and as Meldrum rose a scream behind
him announced that one of his flytng
bearers had been overtaken.
The smoke cleared, the rhinoceros pur
sued Its onward Clght and speedily dis
appeared, while the two Zanzlbaris who
had escaped returned, one from an aca-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2THE SUNDAY CALL.
rta up which he had climbed oblivious to
Its awful thorns, the other from the bush.
But Achmet the poor wretch who had
been running madly forward In the track
of the rhinoceros, was smashed as by
the blow of an express train. The brute's
greater horn had gone through his back,
and then lifting its head, it had tossed
him ten yards behind It The man's body
was mangled to a jelly and his neck brok
en In his fall.
The discharge of the big gun had, of
course, frightened the game which Roy
and his friend were stalking; it had also
summoned Lord Wlnstone, who quickly
appeared to help if possible, being pretty
sure that Meldrum must have come sud
denly upon something more Inviting or
more pressing than the buffalo.
He heard the story, assisted to remove
from the dead man's corpse his accou
terments. then directed the awe-stricken
bearers by bury their comrade and read
them a sermon on obedience and cour
age as they did so.
"Never forget this lesson." he said.
"Remember the reward of him who flies
from his master In the hour of need. Do
your duty and all will be well; fail in it
and death will reward you— death at the
hand of our enemies or in the Jaws of
fierce beasts."
This sudden destruction of their serv
ant naturally changed the plans of the
party. Three of the /remaining bearers
were quite unnerved by the sudden death
of their companion, and clearly would be
of little further use; while even had that
not been the case, iueldrum might have
hesitated to pursue sport after this un
fortunate event He himself was unin
jured save for a tremendous bruise on bis
right shoulder.
They returned slowly toward camp,
and Wlnstone, carrying his own heavy
rifle, followed the track of the galloping
rhinoceros until it reached high reeds
that rose to a tall man's shoulder. The
entrance of the beast was marked by a
v.-lde downtreadlng of this growth, but
no drop of blood or other evidence that
Meldrum's shot had st-uck her appeared.
"End on, the horn of a rhino shields
his brain," explained the elder sports
man. "Now, we'll climb the bluff again
and see what that reed patch looks like
from above. With luck we may have her
yet"
They passed the water hole and then
began to climb the steep ground beyond
It Raised a couple of hundred feet his
lordship swept the ground below and
satisfied himself that the spot In which
the murderous foe wa*> now concealed
extended for some fifty yards in one di
rection and a hundred in the other. It
was surrounded by open ground and no
forest or other obstacle approached
within a quarter of a mile of It Lord
Wlnstone shut up his glass with a snap.
"The brute's there and to be bagged,"
he saii. "You've had enough for one
day, Roy, eo call a halt and look on,
and I'll take Yosef down with me and
etlr her up. The other men are all
showing the white feather. They're only
born to be beasts of burden; but they'll
get braver presently."
"If you go I go," answered Meldrum.
"I'm all right and I owe the beggar one
surely."
"With two guns, she should be a cer
tainty. Either you hurt her. In which
case she'll be on the lookout and dan
gerous, or else you missed her, in which
case her burst of temper at being waked
wp is over, and she's very likely to *e
going to sleep again. We'll give her
half an hour, then start and revenge the
poor devil she smashed. Look through
my glasses and tell me If you see any
buphaga. birds clustering over the place."
"Yes," eatd Meldrum, after a careful
Inspection.^ "The birds are there; and,
what's more," he added, "I believe; I can
see the beast Itself lying down."
He pointed to the spot, but his friend
would not commit himself to a definite
declaration. Together with the native,
Ycsef, and Blackbird, a practiced hun
ter, they Bet out each carrying his
heaviest gun, while the servant held
their eight - bores, and the expresses
were left behind on the bluff. In twenty
minutes they had reached the reed clump
and begun their search. Then, guided
by the fluttering of birds, the proceeded
Inch by inch until a well-worn and miry
wallow in the heart of the brake showed
evidences of regular occupation.
"With luck we may find more than
one," whispered Lord Wlnstone. "But It's
your first shot, so come along. If the
birds only keep quiet ycu'll find her as
easy to kill as a milch cow.
In ten minutes the gray bulk of thje rhi
noceros was distinctly visible through tbe
grass. Two birds were busy picking tbe
ticks off her; the rest had fluttered some
distance away.
"She'll run up wind," whispered Wln-
Etone, "so you stand here and give her
the shoulder shot as Boon as she's on her
legs. I'll go along a little; you could al
most walk up to the brute now and kick
her while she sleeps the sleep of the Just!
Tell Yosef to shout and fling a stone at
her when I wave my hat That'll wake
her up."
A few moments later loud shouts dis
turbed the silence, from where Yosef
stood by a little mimosa on rising ground,
and rhipo bicomls arose In her wrath.
Her forehead was spattered with gore and
her horns were still red with the life
blood of unhappy Achmet
As Wlnstone had predicted, the beast
prepared to go off up wind and presented
a fair shoulder shot to Roy. The heavy
rifle crashed out and rhino, with a
smashed shoulder blade and four ounces
of lead In its heart fell to rise no more.
The delighted hunter pushed forward
and was Just approaching his fallen prey
when a second shot echoed close at hand
and the thundering charge of another rhi
noceros made the ground shake. It came
galloping on, bleeding from the mouth,
and ran straight into Its fallen compan
ion, then recovered Itself and whirled
round and round helplessly, after the
manner of those beasts when shot
through the lungs.
It did not see Meldrum, who was with
in five yards of It upon the other side of
the dead rhinoceros, but suddenly mark
ing Blackbird, who stood not fifty yard's
off. It put Its head down, its tail up and
charged him, while blood epouted upward
through Its nostrils. '
Yosef fired and fled; while the negro
hunter also flred twice, missed with his
first bullet which screamed dangerously
close to Roy, but staggered the enemy
with a second ehot, and then, showing
wonderful ability and nerve, swung him
self Into the fork of the young mimosa
tree behind him and prepared to mark
the direction of the wounded beast when
it regained the reeds.
He reckoned without his host for his
coign of vantage lay directly In the road
of the rhinoceros, and a moment later,
with head down and quite oblivious as
to where be was going, the great crea
ture had struck Blackbird's mimosa fair
ly and squarely and swept the slight tree
before It like a straw. It snapped off two
feet from the ground and the huntsman
aloft came down on hands and knees
upon the back of the rhinoceros.
This was probably about the' best place
be could have fallen upon, at In another
moment he tumbled 'to earth dear of the
creature and out of reach of molestation.
But rhino's days were done, his last
mimosa leaf eaten, his last rollick in the
red mud ended. After the collision with
the tree ho slowed down, then staggered
on his knees, still blowing blood, and
finally rolled over upon his side and
kicked away his life In a few mighty
gasps and struggles.
Lord Wlnstone arrived well pleased, for
the creature proved a fine bull, half as
large again as the cow which Meldrum
had slain. His front horn was twenty
eight inches, his second horn but three
inches shorter.
It transpired that the hunter, all eyes
for his friends and ready to help Roy In
a moment if necessary, had nearly
walked on top of the second beast shot It
in the shoulder at a range of ten yards,
then leaped aside as rhino charged the
. smoke and shouted to his companions, in
time to warn them of the oncoming dan
ger.
Now they returned to the bluff from
which, their other bearers had witnessed
the scene below and, later on. having re
gained camp, sent half a dozen men, with
Yosef for the horns of the dead monsters.
To carry them forward was out of the
question, but the trophies were buried two
feet under ground, at the camp, in hope
that did the expedition return by the
same route. It might be possible to re
cover them in the. future. -
That night, while Bessie lay asleep in
her snug little tent and the wood fires
glimmered In the camp Roy sat and
smoked and listened to Wlnstone, while
the Zanzibaris, save the watchmen on
duty, slept and snored under the stars.
CHAPTER XL
The Rubeho Mountains lay as a mist
on the southwestern horizon as Roy Mel
drum's expedition set forth upon Its first
foot march at dawn on the following day.
The road proceeded not far from the
slaughtered rhinoceroses, and as the col
umn passed within 200 yards of them a
few started to see the sight while a halt
was called. Among these were Bessie and
Tracy Fain, but they quickly returned to
report that the dead monsters had at
tracted other attention than that of vul
tures and hyenas. They had been sys
tematically cut up and their hides were
removed, doubtless for making shields
and utensils by the fortunate native find
ers.
"We are now in a land where doubt
begins to exist as, to the nature and dis
position of the aborigines," said Lord
Winstone. "Fifteen miles or so of open
country lie ahead and then we come to
the forest All's well until we get there;
but once In it danger hides behind every
tree, and the man who falls out or strays
to right or left is as good as dead."
The sullen green fringe of woods was
reached in two days, and his Lordship,
at Meldrum's request, solemnly addrassej
the column, urged every member of it to
take no risk," assured them all of the
awful danger and almost certain
that awaited the wanderer, and pointed
out how disobedience would most cer
tainly be followed by a terrible punish
ment
"It is not from the anger of your lead
ers that you will suffer, but by the heavy
hand of Allah," he concluded. "Here
any error, any act of folly, must be in
stantly punished by nature, and the sav
age deities of these wild places. Obey,
and all will be well with us; disobey and
the hyenas will gnaw your bones; poison
will rot you; death will make his dally
feast of you."
With this grave caution, the expedition
set forth, and In half an hour, led by
Meldrum, the pioneers were hard at it
cutting, chopping and tearing a way
through the tropic vegetation. Roy him
self labored at this heavy task until
urged to desist The more methodical
Zanzibaris, though possessed of half his
strength, yet made better progress, and,
foot by foot the expedition wormed itself
Into the gloom of the woods.
Under r their luxuriance no sun could
penetrate. Aloft, indeed, sun glints like
stars twinkled in the dense foliage, but
It was only on rare occasions that the
bewildering, seething, fighting armies
of trees and creepers, hosts and para-
Bites, thinned out to give the sweeter
air and purer light any opportunity to
penetrate.
At such places, where some tree that
was young when Christ was hung on
the cross had fallen In Its old age to
the lightning and tempest and now lay
extended, a bleached giant whose rot
ten wood fed a million ants -and crawl-
Ing centipedes, at such spots a mist of
golden sunlight indeed winnowed
through the woods, and aloft small
apes leaped and chattered and parrots
screamed and flaunted their gaudy col
ors as they climbed among the scarlet
berries of the Dhryna and hunted for
nuts and fruits. But glimpses of such
a sort were rare and progress proved
slow Indeed — a belt of forest some fifty
miles across occupying fifteen days In
transit ,
On the third day, dead to the warn
ings poured out for their benefit two
Zanzibaris. Salem and Ferez, weary of
the rations of rice, plantains and plan
tain flour, fell out and went foraging
for mushrooms and wood beans to vary
the monotony of their food.
When camp was pitched both men
were missing, and not until the follow
ing day did one crawl Into the protected
circle of the encampment Ferez had
been slain and fallen to a dozen simul
taneous spears; Salem had escaped with
life, but was severely wounded In the
thigh and arm.
He described the natives as of dark
color and great stature. Bee them he
could not until they were almost upon
him, for they pressed their bodies upon
the ground like snakes and hid themselves
with extraordinary cunning in shadows
or at the roots of trees.
Often in his struggle to get back to
camp he had passed near a savage and
believed the man a stock or stone until
a sudden movement and the scream of
a sp%ar had convinced him of his error.
Salem had slain two savages and his
life was saved by the fact that he had
never allowed his rifle out of bis hand;
but h« explained that the other unfortu
nate, weary of the weight of It, actually
set his weapon against a treo stem and
wandered, unarmed, until death suddenly
overtook him.
Five days after the entry into the for
est of Roy's expedition came upon a na
tive village In a clearing. The savages
had fled to a man, long before Meldrum
and his party arrived; but a woman,
lurking In a plantain grove, was captured
and brought before the explorers.
Lord Wlnstone could not make her un
derstand Swahili, but the Arab, Raalt
whose private slave-dealing adventures
had acquainted him with divers different
dialects, found out the woman was a Ma
pora; that the main stronghold of the
tribe lay right ahead, far beyond the for
est and that her people were very strong
and would certainly show flght
"They know the flre medicine and do not
fear it," eaid the woman. "They will ao-
swer your guns with 10,000 spears, for they
flght to the death against those who
would take their children into slavery."
Meldrum tried hard to explain that his
party had nothing to do with the slave
raiders, but the woman evidently disbe
lieved him. Finally, however, she con
sented to proceed to her friends, who lay
hidden two miles off In the forest A
necklace of large glass beads was given
her, and a present, which she promised
should be conveyed to the monarch of the
Mapora, whose headquarters were twenty
days' march from the village In the wood,'
was also intrusted to her. She was prom
ised further handsome gifts if her kin.
Kanatto, should prove friendly.
The woman departed and, at any rate,
so fax* as her own little community was
concerned, the gifts did good, for soon
the savages came flocking back fearless
ly, helped the Zanzibaris to cut plantains
and showed great friendship.
Their head man— a grandson of Kanat
to's—assured Meldrum that his grandfath
er, once convinced that the column had
nothing to "do with the cursed Arab slave
traders, would welcome it gladly in so
far as his own territory and nation were
concerned. Then Meldrum received wel
come gifts In the shape of two goats and
a fowl. Bessie had the latter; it made
three meals for her, and was an invalu
able change.
At the Mapora village a halt of two
days was called, and plantains sufficient
for ten days' provisions per man secured
at reasonable cost of beads and wire.
Such a store, with an occasional dip
into the reserve stores of tinned meats
and milk for the white men, would en
able the expedition to reach I the head
quarters of Kanatto, supposing that mon
arch returned a favorable answer to their
petition.' ' , . ¦ .
During the brief halt at this spot the
natives made great mystery about a for
est god known as the Elephant spirit,
who . had his home a few miles distant,
near a deserted village. The spirit, which
was very powerful, had been seen by hun
dreds of adventurous Mapora and .ap
peared well known to the whole \ tribe,
though whether a good or evil demon
none could tell, g
It appeared in shape like a man, but
of huge stature, and .while some natives
maintained that it sat motionless and
made no sign, others declared that they
had Been It signal them to depart from
ita presence, ' and others again solemnly
sw^re that the monster had leaped to
ward them and chased them from the for
est with unearthly cries.
The Elephant Spirit was said to be
green In color and 'of forbidding aspect. It
dwelt where the elephants were most
wont to congregate and was supposed to
be their guardian and protector. No Ma
pora would have dreamed of attempting
to slay an elephant within a considerable
distance o.f the green monster's domain.
These th'ings were explained to Wln
stono and Meldrum and while listening
with all respect to the narrative as told
by Kanatto's grandson, they yet permit
ted themselves some doubt in" the privacy
of their own tent after the chieftain re
tired.
"I had suspected a big ape," said his
lordship, "but for the fact that no such
thing is recorded hereabout Chimpanzees
have bfeen known to grow to an awful
size, and gorillas are of course still larger,
but the last named monster is a west
coast customer, and though chimpanzees
are reported pretty far east, yet none
have ever been heard of, to my knowl
edge, near this district If they are here,
my zoology is all wrong." "
"Beside, the brute la ereen." .
"That's nothing. These people are
vagueness Itself about colors. Some nig
ger orica vtfwed the' thing,' whatever fit
may be, was green; -then all the rest
stuck to it forever afterward. The legend
appears to me too widespread to be "whol
ly false. Nine-tenths of their talk is lies,
but there's some more or less Interesting
foundation In fact for most of their sto
ries, I fancy; and as to-morrow will be
our last halt of any duration for a con
siderable time, I'll go and see if I can get
an Interview with their prize hobgoblin."
Next morning Roy, much to his surprise,
had a touch of fever, and Fain, not car
ing for the proposed excursion, stopped
with him. while Lord Winstone, Dan
Hook, with three Zanzibarl carriers, two
native hunters of the Mapora and Black
bird, set out to the regions ruled by the
elephant spirit
The aborigines led them a trying Jour
ney over a deserted -clearing, where the
road extended along slippery tree trunks,
above fetid marshes and through gor-.
geous tangles of climbing convolvulus, or
chids and dense undergrowth. At last
the guides arrived at a little patch of
plantains and refused to proceed.
The place was the site of an old village,
but had been deserted for countless years,
and the ruined hut» were now absolutely
obliterated under tangles and torrents of
wild living things. Only here and there
through masses of lush green stuck »up
the rotten. Bun-bleached - skeletons of
poles and props indicating the work of
man; but all soon promised to, vanish, for
nature had already sown the clearing
with young trees which rose above their
ancestors anS dominated the last evidence
of man's presence.
Elephant tracks were plainly visible on
the edge of the plantain patch, and,
through the deep silence of the desolate
place, their heavy bodies could be heard
crashing through the woods not a quarter
of a mile off.
But Winstone was after the green
eplrit, not the pachyderms it was sup
posed ' to protect, and he had to pursue
his lnve«tlgatlon alone, for even the Zan-
Eibari boys and Blackbird now declined
to accompany him. The welrdness of the
place had awakened fear In them, and
the latter said: . *-''
"Big game me know and savage beasts
me fear not but what is dls? Who be
fore or since de Prophet hab heard ob a
giant green elephant spirit more huge dan
de tallest man, more vast dan Bana
Mkuba, our Great Master?"
"All right — as you please. Tou'll come,
Dan, of course?"
But Mr. Hook was not, at all sure.
"It's like this," he said, scratching his
head. "Blame me If I doan't reckon these
heathen toads to be in the right for once;
I ban't. 'feared of anything. In reason;
but theer*s a good deal in these here
plaguy plantations as have made me
puzzle my brains since I fust corned In
•em. ,'They'm a darned sight too much
out o* repair for my llkin', an* a man's
a fool to run any risks in a God-forgotten
place where he's purty nigh. the awnly
respectable citizen in a million square
miles. What's true and what ban't true
'twould puzzle the devil to say, beggin
pardon for mentioning of un; an' I'd so
aoon believe in a green man twenty feet
high as not Awnly sort of green man I
onderstands is that swinging on the sign
of a public house; but you won't find
nothin' o' that sort here, else I'd be the
first to come along with 'e, like a good
Christian man."
"Well, give me the four-bore, and wait,
all of you, until I return. If I fire, you'd
better push on after me; if not, flre your
selves every ten minutes or so to tell
me where you are; and flre in the air.
He > departed alone, pushed forward
through the purple stems of the plan- J
tains, and soon found himself In unut
terable loneliness and desolation. Three
hundred yards from the starting point
the shining stems and tattered foliage of
the grove thinned out somewhat, and
after proceeding some fifty yards further
the explorer discovered himself In an
open space ringed about with trees and
having some rising land at the center.- A
hundred yards distant rusty- masses of
Ironstone preceded an undulation in the
flat country, and toward the base of one
tall, block his Lordship descried an ob
ject which made him rub his eyes with
frank amazement. ¦ •
Near the foot of the rock, his back
against It, and shadowed entirely from
the sun's light by a natural grotto in the
stone, sat an enormous man or ape. Its
¦ stature was colossal, though smaller ,by
far than the natives had described;' Its
naked body was bright green; Its hands
were folded over Its breast; Its misshaped
head was bent forward, and wild, snaky
hair, also of vivid green, fell luxuriantly
around It, while pressed upon Its crown
was a wreath of flowers.
So natural appeared the pose that Win
stone, contrary to his reason, almost ex
pected to see the huge hermit rise, stand
upon Its feet and. approach him; but the
thing did not do so. .Its position was curi
ous, for It sat in a sort of niche on the
red sandstone boulder. There was no
. sound but the tinkle of falling water and>
.the distant intermittent echo of great
beasts, with an occasional crack like a
pistol shot, where an elephant had broken
a heavy bough or young tree.
In the midst of this strange kingdom,
silent, motionless and alone, with un
couth face . and distorted limbs, reigned
this huge green monster in mortal shape.
Lord Winstone got out his field glasses,
without which he never hunted, and
trained them on the grotto. He stared
awhile, and then his breath left his lungs
In a gasp of surprise, as he returned the
glasses to their case and pushed forward.
\ To reach the Elephant Spirit proved
difficult, for its grotto In the] mass of
stone opened twelve feet above the ground
and could only be approached after a
difficult climb up ladders of wild vine.
Falling water gushed in a beady stream
from the cavity aloft, and its path was
densely coated with small and slippery
vegetation, but the wanderer finally
reached his goal and * stood beside the
huge sitting figure. It moved not, nor
had it moved through years unnumbered
. and unknown, for it was the skeleton of
a man densely coated with more than
half a century's growth of tough green
moss and apparently bound together by
branches of a small water-loving and
flowering creeper, which, falling in a
stream from the skull, suggested green
hair bound about with bright blossoms.
Lord Winstone assumed that no man
would have perished in that position so
naturally, and some investigation showed
that the corpse had been' artificially
placed within this funeral niche.
Scraping the heavy growth of 'moss
from Its skull and neck, he discovered
that the bones were all fastened together
with stout bark thread. This had held
except in the case of the left foot, and
the little spYing, which, as it bubbled,
from the ironstone, had spattered the
dead body, served to explain the dense
and close accumulation of moss and
green lichen. on every bone,
j The dead man's skull, in the eye of
which , a yellow orchid flourished, was
of negroid type, but extraordinarily
larre; his only companions in solitude
\ were "some, unwholesome .looking efts,
iBpotted' like toadstools, which crawled
.quickly," away to their fastnesses In the
ferny, pool of the spring.
Other, evidences enabled the discoverer,
to arrive at a theory of this gigantic
corpse, for scattered about, each coated
as thickly with dense and rank mosses
as the skeleton Itself, lay various articles,
which superstition had there' burled with
the defunct savage.
A glimmer of red rust was all that re
mained of his spearheads, and the han
dles were nearly rotted ; awk', though
enough remained to identify tnem, while
an earthern Jar, doubtless containing
malwa. or native beer, in the far past,
now stood at the hand of the Elephant
Spirit, fyll of dead wood and rank trail
ing vegetation.
Lord Winstone had discovered the
quaint burial place of a chief and solved
the prime mystery of the Mapora.
But his Lordship knew the character of
the natives too well to present them with
this rational explanation of their precious
1 tradition. Instead, he patted the moss
down on the rotted bones again and stuff
ed the skeleton's broken ribs and jaws
with living green things; then, captur
ing one of the hideous newts, rully a foot
in length, he made It prisoner, worked
his way cautiously down the precarious
ladder of wild vine stems and soon reach-
At this moment a sound of the first dls
tantv gun signal reached the explorers
ears.^and, though the report came from
further off than he expected, he set his
face for it steadily and pushed forward
as quickly as possible.
Ten minutes later the gun fired again,
and he corrected his line of march by It;
but then, within the space of three min
utes from the last discharge, came a sud
den fusillade, the shots following each
other in rapid succession and sometimes
simultaneously.
Fearing a savage attack, he sped for
ward at a remarkable pace, considering
bis heavy rifle and the. nature of the
ground, but long before he could regain
his companions all firing ceased and he
moderated his pace, feeling that for his
own safety a careful approach to the
scene of action must now b$_ essential.
The road his little party pursued from
the main camp of the expedition had been
carefully blazed and the hunter was not
fearful of losing it, even without the na
tive guides, but to traverse it alone, sup
posing there had been treachery and his
friends slain, would be to court death.
Permitting himself no more gloomy re
flections until the realization of his fears.
Lord Winstone proceeded with the utmost
caution and it was only a loud shout of
two voices raised In laughter that caused
him to improve his pace with a lighter
heart
A strange scene met him, for his friends
had Indeed been Invaded during his ab
sence, though not by the -Mapora. A
small herd of elephants, pursuing their
resistless march, had crashed out of the
banana plantation within fifty yards of
the waiting party and Dan Hook.
Without a moment's reflection the mar
iner had opened flre and attracted the un
pleasant attention of a bull who received
the shot In the flank "and promptly
charged.
Far from hastening to his rescue tha
two Mapora, confident that the gree-n
Elephant Spirit would take terrible toll
for this outrage, fled with screams of fear
and the three coast men wavered, then
ran after the natives.
Blackbird alone stood firm and it was
lucky - for Hook that he did so, for the
sailor must have been overtaken and de
stroyed to i few moments had not the
hunter, with one of his master's rifles,
brought the infuriated beast to the
ground. With perfect nerve he awaited
the charge, and as the advancing ele
phant hesitated a moment at thirty
yards between its two enemies, shifted
his aim like lightning from the body shot
he had meant to fire and pointed his rifle
at its head..
One vulnerable spot on the forehead,
where the bone is thin, was his mark,
and as he fired, the Instant fall of the
big brute showed his aim was true. At
the same moment the Zanzibaris, who
had fled, began discharging their weap
ons, and the forest echoed to the rattle
of guns and the shrill trumpet of the
stampeded elephants. ¦ .
When Wlnstone arrived Hook had scaled
the huge mass of his fallen foe and was
dancing-a hornpipe on It Blackbird clam
ored for the tusks, which proved a heavy
pair/ and would have amply repaid him
for his pluck and straight shooting; but
Wlnstone, 'when he heard of what had
happened, absolutely refused permission
to take a hair of the elephant Into camp.
"We dare not," he Mid. "As it is, you
cannot remove the ivory without help,,
if we brought a fragment Into camp it
might lead to grave trouble. I shall not
forget this day's work, and the Master
will not forget it, and Mr. Hook % wiU.not
forget It, either, my good Blackbird, but
you must wait for your reward until
later. We dare not tell the Mapora that
we have slain one ' of the Spirit's
elephants. They would do I know not
what, and Kanatto might refuse us a
peaceful march through his territory at
the very least."
/Hook was already heaping gifts upon
his preserver. - ~
"Tou'm a gude-fashloned heathen, any
way.-Blackbird, my son; an' I thank 'e;
an' my kids an' the missis, down Devon
shire way, would thank 'e If they knawed
what you'dt done. Here's my auld jack
knife, an' here's my tobacco box wi' a
butlvul plcter o' Plymouth harbor in the
lid of un; an', here's my—" -
Lord Wlnstone Interposed, while Blade
bird, to whom Dan's conversation was
double Dutch, grinned and showed his
great yellow teeth and stretched his hand
'for more.
"That'll do, Dan, that'll do. Mr. Mel
drum will be responsible for the rest.
No call to beggar yourself."
"Well, then, I'll do more still for the
bloke. Tell un I'll tattoo his black hide
wi' a pair o' love birds a-flyin' in the
air an' a anchor an" a holy cross, an'
such like rare devilries— all free, gratia'
an' for nothin'."
The . expression of Blackbird's face at
the offer to tattoo a Christian cross up
on him had doubtless been Instructive
enough, seeing that he was a firm Mos
lem; but his Lordship attempted no trans
lation. V
Together the trio returned, and, thread-
Ing the difficult way, reached camp at
nightfall to find all well. They cowardly
Zanzibaris were disrated and deprived of
the distinction of weapon carrying, while
the Mapora were assured by Mr. Hook
that the elephant had made a mistake,
and seeing that it was a white man who
fired, had accepted an apology and as
sured him in elephant language no harm
was done.
As for the Green Spirit, Lord Winstone
reported his interview with the monster
most solemnly: It had showed him great
kindness, spoken well of the white men
and s^ht a gift of a wondrous spotted eft
to King Kanatto. It had also directed
that the expedition was to be allowed to
pass in peace through Mapora territory.
These things and the wretched newt in
a wicker cage were duly transported by
runners to the capital, and when Meldrum
and his friends made their march next
day it was with high hopes that the Im
mediate future might be considered prom
ising.
As, for Roy, Bessie's tender nursing and
a few doses of quinine had done him much
good, and, when the time came to start,
he was quite equal ,to the task of leading
his column forward through the aisles
and avenues and Jungles of the great for
est. A few cases of fevers and ulcers
were reported, but In the main the health
of the expedition continued excellent.
CHAPTER XIL
THROUGH KANATTO'S.
The long and weary struggle with the
great forest tract ended at last, and once
more the travelers stood under the clear
sky and breathed sweet air upon the grass
lands. They had plodded through won
drous wildernesses of lush andr reeking
green; they had faced the fevers that
arose like ghosts by'mgnt from the bogs
and swamps; they had struggled day after
day with the snake-like vegetation, the
wild vine and innumerable other creepers,
the pepper bush and huge arum; the wild
mango, almona, sword grass, gigantic
tree ferns, acacia, mimosa, phrynium, livid
fungus and thick moss, bedewed with the
warm moisture of the natural hothouse.
And yet, save for half a dozen cases of
fever and one death, the expedition was
sound.
Once on the rising plateaus that ap
peared after forest was past, the invalids
quickly recovered; and It was well that
they did so, for three days' march from
the mountain strongholds of Kanatto mes
sengers arrived from him. They came
empty-handed, but their mouths were full
of bad news.
Kanatto refused to believe that a party
of more, than fifty persons, with nearly
as many guns, could be engaged In any
peaceful enterprise. He denned the east
ern and southern confines of Mapora ter
ritory and expressed a hope the expedi
tion would follow them. He absolutely
declined to permit them to set foot In his
country, and declared that If any attempt
was made to do so. he should resist It
with 6000 Bpears. -x?i :".~;
Kanatto's messenger was polite, but
firm, and the white leaders, conscious how
much depended on It, treated him with
every courtesy and gave him presents of
considerable value. Winstone explained
to Roy that the route Indicated would ex
tend the total journey by at least 250
miles, a very serious consideration, and a
further halt was made, therefore, until
the natives bearing the eft and the mes
sage from the Elephant Spirit should
reach Kanatto and return.
It was hoped that Lord Winstone's ex
pedient might prove effective, and as the
first envoy from the monarch seemed
enormously Impressed by the Incident and
evidently attached much importance to
the green deity of the wood, both Fain
and Meldrum felt sanguine, though his
Lordship did not share their hope.
"It's good enough at least to wait for
his answer,' Fre'd," declared Roy one night
at a council of war held by the four white
men. Most of the expedition slept, and
strange eyes, like precious stones In pairs,
crept about outside the zareba; while now
was heard the howl of a hyena and now
the deep thunder of a lion's roar:
"I shouldn't wait If you ask me— not
after to-morrow. Time is precious k and
we must make friends pretty soon or we
shall be in a fix for food and have to
take without . asking. We're not strong
enough to bluff Kanatto and march
through his kingdom without leave, for
the Mapora are a tremendously powerful
tribe, and If he'd said 19,000 spears Instead
of five X should have believed him. .But
he's cot enemies all round him, his first
messenger, told me yesterday. That' a a
rood thins as far as It goes, tor to be his
enemy will prove an excellent Introduc
tion to other tribes. If bad comes to
worse." - "**w—
•Tll give Kanatto ©as more day, then,
.Both Fain and I hoped a rood deal from
that speckled, toadllke beast yoa sent
to the monarch; we do still, for that mat
ter." i
Early In the morning Lord Wmstoosrs
fears were proved Ill-founded, and for
once a" hopeful view proved the correct
one. Kanatto. .powerful monarch though
he was. evidently, bent the knae to the
elephant spirit, and was disinclined to
disobey Its express order. He sent, though
with evident reluctance, to say that the
expedition mlgat pursue Its way through
his country, but must turn neither to
"right nor left, must neither hunt nor kill
game without the permission of the bead
men of the districts, and must pay fair
prices for plantains, goats and ©the*
food. -*•¦-*
To make his permission the more era*
clous he sent one ox as a gift, and ex
plained that from the capital Onward 'to
the river Ruaha he would lend the ex
plorers a guard of fifty fighting Mapora
to be their escort. He also lncjulred the
course he was to pursue with the gift
from the Elephant Spirit.
To this fairly amiable message Mel
drum returned another as friendly. He
forwarded a selection of the best gifts
at his command, a brilliant scarlet coat,
lac«d with gold braid, a cocked hat wi;h
red', feathers, and a picture book of wild
animals. He also, at Faln's suggestion,
directed Kanatto to slay the eft on the
third day of the new moon and anoint
the portals of Its capital with Its blood,
as a sign of friendship with the Elephant
Spirit and a promise of prosperity.
The rainy season was now at hand and
Winston© hoped that before the middle
of March, when steady and heavy down
falls must begin, the expedition might
find Itself on somewhat higher lands,
where there would be abundant cover,
but of a more healthy sort than that af
forded by the forests.
Five hours after the arrival of the mes
sengers camp was broken up and within
•an hour the expedition entered Kanatto's
territories. A sharp, lookout was kept
and military order maintained, for though
Wlnstone had Uttle fear of treachery, the
possibility yet existed.
Crowds of natives assembled on either
side of the moving column and here and
there a youngster flourished his spear and
looked warlike, but blows or sharp re
bukes from some oldei man speedily
Quieted tha most pugnacious.
As for Kanatto's messenger, a native
of fine aspect and almost Intellectual fea
tures, he marched at the head of the
Soudanese fighting men with Meldrum
and Lord Wlnstone.
Bessie, riding her white donkey, accom
panied them, for their road now lay upon
broad, well known tracks, and Kanat
to's envoy at his special request was per
mitted to walk beside her. The girl ex
cited his profound admiration, and Indeed
the spectators, ten deep on either side of
the line of march, showed similar wonder
and pleasure.
Lord Wlnstone, quick to catch a hint
from any incident of the passinr moment,
instantly realized that Bessie might be a
power; and during a halt for luncheon he
mentioned his opinion.
"She must be queen." he said, "and we
are her subjects. The idea will appeal to*
the average savage mind everywhere and
carry weight in our negotiations."
"She's a Jolly sight too retiring," said
Roy. f
"We must rive her a lesson then. Some
of our Zanzlbarls will show her how to
put on side." declared Tracy Fain.
"For that matter they call Miss Og!lvle
'queen' a'ready," explained Dan Hook. "I
mean our own squad do. 'Twas that Arab
cove's .idea, they tell me. Raalt thought
of it. She be called Silver Sunrise by 'em,
an* a purty name enoughs come to think
of It."
"I'll swear you never thought of any
thing so nice as that when you were
courting, Roy; come now?" laughed Lord
Wlnstone; and Meldrum admitted no
such poetio fancy had ever crossed his
Saxon mind.
"But it's a Jolly good name for all
that," he declared. "Queen of the Silver
Sunrise must Bessie be henceforth.".
"She will look the part, but won't play
it," declared Fain; then the bugler blew
his blast and the column moved forward
steadily.*
Splendid progress was made over the
healthy open and undulating lands of the
Mapora; Indeed, eight miles proved an
easy day's work, and on several occasions
ten was exceeded. Then the palisades of
Kanatto's capital appeared, perched, on a
little hill at an elevation of some 3000 feet
above the sea, and the monarch himself,
with his medicine man and retinue, came
forth to the wooden and monotonous thud
of drums and the blare of a huge Ivory
trumpet.
Kanatto wore the scarlet coat/ and
cocked hat, while a sky-blue petticoat
sent with special respect to his favorite
wife, had also appealed to his* fancy
and now covered his middle and descend
ed a trifle below his knees.
. He proved polite and self-possessed, but
nof cordiaL Upon hearing that Bessla
was the queen of the expedition and that
her territories were peopled with white
men and women and extended beyond the
sea he treated her with Increased respect
end refused to address anybody else.
The Interpreter, a Zanzibar!, turned the
monarch's speeches Into Swahlll, and Lord
Wlnstone then translated them Into Eng
lish for Bessie's benefit, while her re
marks were translated Into Swahili by his
Lordship and then Into Mapora for the
ear of Kanatto. Thus Lord Wlnstone
was In a position to say much that he
pleased, for the interpreter knew no Eng
lish.
An agreement was quickly come to and
twenty days' rations were promised by
Kanatto on reasonable though not gener
ous terms. He furnished millet, sweet pota
toes and some hundreds of heads of ex
tremely large plantains. He spoke with
reverence of the Elephant Spirit, and In
vited Queen Bessie and her white medi
cine men to be present at the ceremony of
slaying the giant eft.
This proposal was agreed to with sim
ulated gratification and Lord Winstone,
in his character of the mighty hunter who
had seen and spoken with the green deity
of the forest, received very great honor,
both from Kanatto and his medicine men.
Two nights • before the expedition pro
ceeded the wretched eft was duly slain
while a young moon shone like a silver
sickle In the sky. Then the Soudanese
fired a volley and the ceremony concluded
with a war dance, which Bessie and her
followers .witnessed and duly admired.
Asked if her own fighting men could
have equaled this display, she hesitated,
then admitted the superiority of the Ma
pora, but Lord Wlnstone translated to
different purpose, knowing well that noth
ing more Impolitlo than to acknowledge
a savage's superior skill, craft, wealth,
beauty or honor.
(Continued next Sunday.)
3"Do you really -want me," she cried.
(Copyright. 1003. by T. C. McClur*.)
tr-ry ¦V—^ "EN Morris heard that
j ltep35 rK»»5vj the freedom of camp
i VnIKip llfe waa to be dlsturb"*
j by tbe advcnt of 8ir1 "'
I 'jJnlUMufT unlik * the right good
J <^WrpW^N ] captain of the Plna.
I V*^V^iA^yto) i fore, he was guilty of a
\fc~*3rnruBJg£d& "big, big D."
Holbrook and Seaton looked sheepish.
They and Morris were a trio of Yale se
niors who had dipped away from New
Haven In the Interlude between the dos
ing of exams and commencement for one
last Jollification at Seaton'e summer home
on the Sound before they went their sev
eral ways. To him and Holbrook th*
plan had seemed rather a nice one.
"Oh. come. Bill." said Holbrook.
"They're awfully Jolly girls. It won't be
bo bad."
"Oh, of course not," returned Morris
scornfully. "I know how it will be. We'll
have to wear collars and shave and do the
'eatsslcty' act They'll think It's too cold
to go in swimming, and they won't know
how anyway, and they'll expect to be
taught. They'll insist upon going sailing,
and they'll scratch all the paint off the
deck with their high-heeled shoes, and
''His father remonstrated with him."
The last blow came when one old gray
beard, who ought to have been preparing
for a safe passage across the river Styx
instead of indulging in sinful recollections
of a dissolute past, told him that Solomon
Jr. was an exact image of what Solomon
Sr. and his accomplices had been in their
bold, bad past This remark set the old
man to doing a little high-class recollect
ing on his own account, with the result
that be came to the conclusion that the
best way to reform a boy is to begin
with his father about twenty years prior
to the boy's birth.
As has probably been guessed already
by the good guessers, the boy mado the
riffle all right in the course of time and
without any particular help from the old
man. When the hot blood In his veins
had cooled a trifle he paw the error of
his ways and settled down to assist his
paternal ancestor in propping up the ex
isting state of society. At last accounts
he* was one of the most substantial and
popular props in the business.
- The general conclusion to be drawn
from this highly edifying and otherwise
useful tale of real life is to the effect that
there Is a general tendency in the sci
entific world for Ohips to bear a close re
semblance to the old block and that tho
best way to rid a boy of his bad habits la
to let him wear them out
ICopyright, 1903, by Albert Brttt) i
Presently she swam toward the dock
and Morris saw her climb the slippery
stairs and run lightly up to the bath
house.
Twenty minutes later he found hit com
panion of the waves sitting on. the dock
with her hair down drying it In the sun.
Morris ctlll wore the disreputable
trousers, but his white sweater was pass
ably clean, and he wore golf stockings
and yachting shoes. It was noticeable
that he had Just had a remarkably clean
shave. He was meaning to take a little
sail before breakfast.
Morris was in time to see her throw
her bare arms above her head, spring
lightly upward and descend in a straight
limbed dive into the rippling water.
"Great Scott!" he remarked to himself,
"that was a corking dive, all right."
He waited until she appeared on the
surface, swimming on her side, and then,
with a run and a leap, was after her.
She glanced back as she heard hi* splash
and smiled as he came up blinking.
"Good morning." she called.
"Better not go too far to the east,
he called back. "The tide's running pret
ty swift." . .'¦ , ¦ M
"Thanks," she answered, ana swept
away with long, even strokes, in th* op
posite direction.
Morris caught up with her. "Water's
pretty cold this morning," he remarked
affably. „ ¦
"Cold as your welcom* yesterday, sh*
answered, showing her whit* teeth. "But
I like it. It's exhilarating!"
She turned over on her back and float
ed contentedly. Morris was somewhat
abashed at the slight ambiguity of her re
marks. . . ,'
The tide was high, the air filled with
the sweetness of honeysuckle and musical
with the call of birds. A girl in a red
bathing suit stood at the end of the dock
in the early sunlight.
Accordingly, when Holbrook and Sea
ton, shaven and shorn, in immaculate neg
ligee shirts, collars and white ducks, came
down to the oier to help the girls and
their youthful chaperon ashore, Billy
was discovered in a ragged flannel shirt,
open at the throat, a pair of old golf
trousers, rubber" boot* and a three days'
growth of beard, engrossed In manipulat
ing a long flshpole off the neighboring
rocks. Holbrook and Seaton marched off
up to the house, carrying dress suit cases,
and Morris saw them no more that night.
He cooked his solitary supper, *moked
his solitary pipe and turned in early.
With a feeling of righteousness, he woke
at « In the sweet, cool June morning, and
getting into his bathing suit proceeded
down to the dock for his morning plunge.
Holbrook and Beaton were still sleeping
the sleep of the Just and the midnight
rolllcker. • '=•
they'll scream and get seasick if It's
rough. And the chaperon will corner me
and bore me stiff asking me about my
studies and whether I'm any relation to
somebody or other of th* same nameVho
graduated in '67. No, thank you! None
of It In mine."
Solomon P. F,ogy was the gentleman's
name; If you hadn't known It you could
probably have guessed It on the- first
trial. In his old age this highly respect
able person was all that any could have
v/ished, and a whole let more than some
people liked, but we deeply regret to state
that when he was younger ho was not
only a boy but also one of the boys,
which, is a very different proposition.
They treasure his memory >*et In the llt
tlo old town where he was wont to Infect
the- atmosphere and on extra dark nights
they bring it out to aswist the village
street-lighting department. It was con
fidently expected that he would be hanged'
before he was. 30 years old, and the life
insurance company that would have con
sidered him a desirable risk would' have
ccnvlcted Itself in the eyes of the popu
lace of imbecility in- the first degree.
However, it fell out In the course of
time and inhuman events of one sort and
another 'that Solomon contracted a case
of chronic matrimony and put, all his
other evil ways far behind him. , Some
men take the Keeley cure and aome try
matrimony; It all depends on the temper
ament—and the wife. In fact, some try
matrimony first and the Keeley cure af
terward. As a" result of Mr. Fogy's mat
rimonial experiment a young Solomon
soon appeared on the scene. This event
marked a definite. stage In the career, of
Mr. Fogy;, hitherto, as has been carefully
hinted, he had put in the greater part $f
his • time increasing the acreage of wild
: oats and otherwise adding to the cares
of the recording angel. From this time
forth, however, he could have posed as
the model for a young ladles' boarding
• school. without turning a hair.'
But all this was past and by way of be
ing forgotten when young Solomon regis
tered' in tho Malson , de . Fogy. It would
never do, argued ' Solomon- Sr., for. the
staid father of a family. to be seen in the
company of the insidious and enervating
cocktail that walketh by noonday or of
the exhilarating but equally, deadly high-
ry. __j-^— j HE male portion of the
I^SfSwpsiiSXfH human race above 43
T-W^taV^'if J' car s of age is di-
I •)\vH/A > 'n vlded into two parts,
f'es^il r^aWJ those wno remember
r^NMiil iv^-li the days o£ thelr
l'tDjM=^jX*B >' outh wlth Pleas" 1 "®
"Wp aEEas fi»sa3BO touched with regret
—that they are gone — and those who have
substituted an abridged edition of the
Kollo books for their youthful memories.
The former seldom have any children of
their own and are pointed out to the off
spring of other men as sad examples of
an lllspent youth: the latter are usually
pillars In the church and shining speci
mens of good. citizenship. It is of a gen
tleman who belongs in the latter class
that we propose to unfold a few well
and carefully chosen thoughts.
ball that flyeth by night. So he cut It out
and set up in business as general guide,
counselor and friend of the young and
erring. There Is nothing that so quali
fies a man to point out the way of life
to the perishing as to have perished a
little himself in his youth. Thus it waa
that Solomon Sr. exchanged the spirituous
for the spiritual and became in his declin
ing years — declining because that was
what he always did now whenever he
met any of his old but unregenerate
friends— a pillar of the church and one of
the principal props of an otherwise lop
sided social system.
As young Solomon grew to manhood h*
began to display tendencies that filled
his father's heart with sorrow, mixed with
anger. He had never been allowed to
mingle in any social gathering more ex
citing than the giddy whirl of the straw
berry festival at the Methodist church
or to Indulge in any beverage more stim
ulating than the common .or garden birch
beer. Yet, In spite of his father's fre
quent injunctions to associate only with
people who could do him good, he be
gan to be found in the company of dis
solute youths who foregathered with
strong drink when It was raging and could
look a full house in the face without bat
ting an eye. When his father remon
strated with him for his* waywardness he
replied that he was obeying the paternal
injunction to bo found only with those
who could do him good. The ambiguous
nature of this exceeding soft answer was
not revealed to the stern parent until he
discovered the exact extent to which his
offspring had been done. |
It happened that about the time that
the injured father was seriously contem
plating the advisability of severing dip
lomatic relations with his erring offspring
the said injured father paid a visit to
the town of his birth. It will be remem
bered that he had departed from the
same town several years prior on what
was confidently declared by the best au
thorities to be a through ticket to the
gallows. .When 'he returned after many
years clad In the full garb of, respecta
bility and propriety and bearing upon his
manly brow the marks of a virtuous and
prosperous life there was great .wonder
ing among the. oldest inhabitants, and by
way of making him feel good they forth
with began to recount his /youthful ex
ploits: As Solomon Sr. sat by and heard
them tell over the many reasons for the
belief that he could never by any possi
bility come to the end of his days in a
peaceable and orderly manner he did a
little wondering himself. In fact, it took
him some time to recognize his own youth
In the guise In. which it was kindly pre
sented for his edification by these friends
of his youth. Little by little, however,
It broke in upon his darkened Intellect
that his. own; memory of his early days
was about as near , like the real * thing
as a Government weather report la to
being an accurate forecast of the article
that Jupiter Pluvlus and the rest of the
crowd are proposing to serve up for the
delectation of the sons of men on the fol
lowing day.
Fable for the Foolish.
A STUDY IN HEREDITY
DANGERS OF THE DEEP
By RutH Edwards.
He Jumped down Into the trim little
sloop, and began to take the covers off
the sails. He whistled softly to himself*
and the girl on the dock watched him,
her blue eyes shining through her long
wet locks. With a cheerful hum and
clatter of rigging, the white sail ran Up
the mast and swung to and fro on the
wooden boom.
"Want to come?" said Morris suddenly
to the girl on the dock.
"Oh, may I? Do you really want me?
she cried. .
"Sure!" said the laconic Morris.
Out they danced into the sparkle of
bright waves. The wind swept the girl's
hair from her face in a long shining
banner. She sang to herself, too happy
to talk. Occasionally her eyes met Billy's
as he 6at contentedly at the helm, and
were met by an answering smile. He liked
her silent good-fellowship. She didn't
.talk you to death the way most girls did.
Tie whistled an accompaniment to her
gay song.
"It is awfully good of you to take me
along like this," she said at last. "Espe
cially when I know your opinion of girls
as a race. The boys told us, what you
said when they' broke the news of our
arrival to you."
"Oh— oh— did they? I beg your pardon,"
stammered Morris.
"Oh, don't apologize, I understand how
you felt," said his companion laughing.
"We are in the way, I know."
"If girls were all like you I wouldn't
care how often I found them in my way,"
remarked Morris boldly.
"Was the fishing good yesterday?" she
inquired wickedly. "You seemed bo in
terested In it."
Morris blushed. "Oh, come now, don't
rub it In. I see what I missed all right."
"We were dreadfully hurt," she went
on In mock sadness. "We tried to think
it was unintentional, but the boys speed
ily set our minds at rest oft that score."
"You must have thought me a regular
boor. What can I do to prove to you
that I'm sorry?" Morris asked, waxing
tender In the sunlight of her mischievous
smile.
His companion was evidently practical.
"I know. Let me steer for a while," sho
said eagerly. .
"Why, sure!" he answered, and gave
his place at the helm, he, the self-elected
skipper, never known before to relinquish
the tiller to any human being. He showed
her how to steady th© course over the
sunny soundy She was an apt pupil and
laughed gleefully as they met the waves.
Morris, watching her, resolved, that he
would breakfast at the big house if suf
ficiently urged. , *
When Seaton and Holbrook came down
to the dock some time later for their dip
they held their breath In astonishment at
beholding the sloop heeling over to the
breeze, a girl at the tiller, while the cyn
ical Billy sat beside her and dried her
hair with a Turkish towel. :
"Gee whiz!" exclaimed Holbrook, "will
you look' at that? If there Isn't Billy Jol
lying the chaperon!"
gal then, that I could take on my knees,
an' play; with an' teach to fish, an' pad
dle a canoe. An*' year by year she growed
and Krowed,, pretty as some flower put
down here in/a crevice, of the rocks. An' :
then one day— I mind. it well— I seed she
was a woman an* that I loved her. Thar
wasn't neve* no spring like that spring,
nor no day like that day..
"I didn't tell her so-4 was feared al
most to touch her. I was so rough an'
rude an' she so like; a flower, but I
thought on her a heap. It didn't make no
difference whar I was, layin' out on the
mountain side with only the stars for
roof, workin' in the shaft or settin' in my
shack listenin' to. the wind howling
through the timber an* the crackling of
the fire, Mary was everywhar. She was
In the first star that came shining out at
night, in the first flowers that sprung up
In the bottom lands. The voice of the
river In the shallow places was like her
laughter."
The old man pointed a sinewy finger
down toward a clump of trees below us.
"It was thar on' that point, with the
river on one side and the lake on the
other, that I built my house, setting up
here of an evening. It was to be- a real
house— not a log shack— an' vines all over
it, an' a garden. Many a night I've built
that house, an* lived in it, an' watched
Mary rockin' the cradle.. I used to travel,
too, them nights, me an' Mary, to the
East an' far off kentrles what she'd read
about. ' i
"Jim ueed to wonder why I left 'him an'
come out here by myself, but It was be
cause I wanted to be alone an' think
about It all. I never told him nothln' of
how I felt.
"An 1 then one evening I went down to
Mary's house for to tell her. It were
gettin' dark, as It might be this very
'evening. I landed quiet an' came up the
path, an' then I knowed what I might
have knowed all along, for Jim" an' Mary
was settin' lookln' jit the sunset— an' each
. other— an' I knowed they loved each
other an 1 that was nigh ten years ngo.
"I had forgot that I was old an' rough,
an' she was young, an" that it was as
natural for her to love Jim as flowers to
love the sun, but I didn'f think of that
then. I was wild like as I paddled away
up the lake an' climbed the trail to the
shack an' sat thar In the dark cursin'
him. God forgive me.
"He come home by and by, did Jim.
I could hear him whistling way down the
mountain side as if he was happy. He
sat In the doorway, lookln' up at the stars
an' talkln' about the claim we had, an' If
the mine panned out, an* of the money
we'd get for our red cedar logs. An' then
he said, shy-like, as if 'twas something
wonderful, 'What do you think. Jack,'
says he, 'I'm going to bo married soon—
to— to Mary,' he says.
"It was after Jim had quit an' gone to
bed an' I roaming abroad through the
dark that I felt it. All night I tramped
through the timber, thlnkin' an' flghtin'
with the wild beast in me. I had loved
her first. Thar was plenty, other women
for him to be happy with. What right
had he. with his good looks and youth to
come between us — he, my pardner, to steal
the flqwer I had watched and tended.
"I was crazy that night— plumb crazy.
Along toward day I come down the moun
tain straight as a stream for the cabin,
an' with my, mind made up. I would kill
him whar he ' was. He should never have
Mary— a p for me, I warn't thlnkin' about
myself. I went into the shack an' found
my hunting knife. Jim was lyin' in • his
bunk, the faint light from the window on
his face, an' he was smIllnV:-.Once I tried
to send the knife : down an' failed, an'
••twice I tried, but again the strength in
my arm seemed to give out. I stood thar
lookln' down at him, an' then I flung the
knife away, an' came out here an' watched
the dawn come up over the mountains an'
the mist roll offer the lake, an' thought of
all that Jim had been to me— an" of Mary.
It was natural she should love him an'
not me. Me! I was right old enough to
be her father, let alon* bein* rough and
Ill-favored. As ; for Jim— how was he to
know that I cared, or if he. did know, he
couldn't help lovin' whar nature told him
to. Like to like. Youth to youth, who
could help lovin' ¦ Jim— or Mary. .
"I wrastled it out here with the sun
comin* up a glory over the mountains, an'
At last I seen how foolish I had been, an'
"After little Mary died— so pretty, so
tiny— I brung her here in my arms, an'
laid here thar— Mary cryin' beside me —
an' now I love to come here an' set after
the day's work is done. No, I couldn't
go East. I couldn't leave her," he said
simply.
The blush had died from the sky. The
crests of the mountains shone out cold
and white. The night had come — but it
was a night radiant with the light of
myriads of stars.
knowed it was Mary's happiness I wanted
—an' Jim's.
"They was married an' lived here for a
while, until Mary's little gal died, an' then
she couldn't seem to bear the place, an'
Jim took her East— him an' me, for what
I had was hls'n. L get a letter onct in a
while. They're happy an' doin'"well." !
Darrel pointed to a vine-covered boulder
nearby on which there was cut a rude
cross.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
r f- — V— - A FOUND . the , old man
I*V^3G^33^'' fl In his favorite place.
a(ffiiBSfu>ff a grassy nook on the
W^H £*%¦ mountain side, gazing
ISP^B^vsri acr ° ss the iake to
ikfef H! ©•« !l where the opposite
li^c^is^r H mountains rose from
jSuJjjgrtT i isnfr^jjji the water's edce.
Darrel had a great store of wisdom—
not the wisdom of towns, but the lore
of the woods, of the snow-born streams
and the mountains. His voice was as
soothing as the wind through the great
pines, or the rush of the river through
its gorges.
"It was* twenty years ago t^t Mary
came here with her father, old man
Drury. He took up a claim down to the
end of the lake. Mary was iust a little
* By F. B. Wright.
SUNSET
"A sunburnt little hand clawed
the air."
much easier for you and your mother."
"That will bring her.V he exu.ied to
himself.
"But I thought your children wer*
grown?"
"They're over twenty," he admitted
boldly, "but that Is the very age at which
young people most need the controlling
Influence of home."
He could see that she was weakening,
and he wisely refrained from further per
suasion, murmuring only, "We need you,
dear."
On the steps of her new home, as the
carriage dashed up the drive, she noticed
that a small group awaited them. A mo
ment later she was clasped in a bear
hug by a bright faced girl, who said,
"My dear little new mother," so warmly
that she loved her on the spot, as well
as the manly youth who laughingly took
her next, pleading, "Me, too."
"And this Is my husband. Ralph," the
girl explaintd as another young man step
ped forward. "And this, Janet, Harry's
wife." ..
Then a nurse moved forward into the
circle, holding a bulky armful.
"And this, mother,", continued the girl
proudly, "Is your little granddaughter."
. So these were the "children" who need
ed her.
• The second Mrs. Mallory swept the
group with an eye that sought her per
fidious husband. He had disappeared.
Then aha burled her convulsed face in
the soft, sweet smelling bundle contain
ing her new grandchild to smother her
laughter.
With a business-like air that sat amus
ingly on her she showed him the rooms
that she and her mother rented to eke
out their small and uncertain Income, and
the next day found him Installed In them.
Often during the following months he
would spend an hour with the mother
end daughter, noting with hidden amuse
ment the latter's unnatural little air of
el dirtiness. She would forget and laugh
and chat gajly at times. Then, In a mo
ment, the seemed to remember that she
was nr> longer young, and ehe became
in a trice the prosaic, careworn woman
tea in, drawing her mantle of years un-
Fif.cicuely about her. It was as if she
had determined not to be surprised by
o!<1 age. and eo had rushed out to meet It.
His speculative glance now told him
that sh« could not be more than 40, If
she were that. But by the way In wi*ich
she was always putting forward the
young girls of her acquaintance it waa
evident that she thought herself too old
a woman to be of interest to any man.
"She belonps to the old regime," Mal
lory soliloquized, "and has probably con
sidered herself an old lady ever since she
emerged from her teens. She hasn't been
able to assimilate this bachelor-woman
idea." and he smiled to himself.
"By the way. Miss Marion," he said
nonchalantly, "I ha%*e tickets for the
opera to-morrow night. Be good and
come, too." •
There was a flash of surprise in her
face that fcr one brief, fleeting moment
raid frankly that he must have taken
leave of his tenses. Then courtesy pre
vailed, and after hesitating for an ap
preciable moment, in which it was ap
parent that she was casting about in her
mind for Fcrr.e plausible excuse, she ac
cepted.
When the time arrived she was dis
turbed "by an uncomfortable conscious
ness. She had the air of a person who
felt that she was going to be a subject
cf. quickly exchanged glances and half
laughing comment. All this Mallory di
vined and he put forth every effort to
make her forgpt herself to such good pur
pore that by the end of the evening she
was laughing and chatting as unconcern
edly as if Mrs. Grundy did not exist.
With this excellent beginning things
In the midst of his reverie Miss Foster
appeared, her delicate sttghtness height
ened by the massive doorway In which
che etood framed for a moment As he
ro6e to greet her he wondered Idly what
could have given her that harassed look—
this little woman with the oval face and
the piled up hair. Her smile, he thought,
was oddly shy and girlish, and In a few
minutes they were talking with the ease
cf old acquaintance. .
„ iKILE It usually hap
"^Frj-— r it w ijf7 P'aed that Mallory
IflBLXepj I t«t what he wanted
u'&AWrF7£ / In the world it was
ll^iy/r/ by no mean * &ut t0
J&$o$Q chance. When he
war. ted anything he
. HmmmmmbLmOhbmmmmA began by looking th*
field over carefully, noting all th* salient
points— th* advantages and th* disadvan
tages. Then, with his feet up and a cigar
b*twe*n bis lips, he would consider all
ave.ila.ble methods of securing th* thing
desired.
He wu a handsome, vigorous man of CO
years when business affairs making It
necessary for him to spend a number of
months In New York a letter of Introduc
tion secured him the very delightful privi
lege of rooms with the Fosters, whose
story cf waning fortune* he had heard
from the friend who sent him to them.
The ominous length of his upper lip was
hidden under a short, gray mustache, or
Miss Foster would have known from the
first that It was useless to oppose him
once his mind was set upon anything.
The romance of his youth was a beauti
ful memory— a thing as faint and elusive
as the scent of lavender. But he had been
loyal to It for twenty years, having been
left at 20 a widower with two children.
As he sat in the great dim drawing-room,
•v her* everything vu eloquent of other
Cays, awaiting* Miss Foster's appearance,
he noticed several things— touches unusual
In stiff city drawing-rooms, but which
made for homeness. He sighed with a
pudden wlstfulnees altogether out of keep,
ing with his height, breadtb and florid
ness.
She held out* both hands to Allyn
Hardln. and as his own closed over hers
a sudden picture flashed before her. She
heard again those peals of childish laugh
ter, saw again a man's head bend swiftly
down, like a great boy's, beneath the tug
of baby's hands: saw a face, habitually
cold, alight with something divinely warm
as It had looked at her across the sunny
head of little Alice, from the narrow
doorway of a fast receding train. Her
heart gave a bound that frightened her.
and, drawing her hands away, she turned
and -looked again upon the ntoonlit
water.
"I was called home unexpectedly on
business," Allyn was explaining, when he
noted that she was not listening.
He stepped nearer to her side.
"Miss Ellison." he began, then he saw
how the moonlight was caught and shim
mered In the tears that lay on her cheek,
and which she could not help any more
than she could have told the reason why
they fell.
"What's th* matter, Alice?"
There was a long pause, and when she
answered her voice was like a tired
child's.
"Nothing. Only I'm so tired."
She had turned and. Involuntarily,
stretched forth her hands again, but
Allyn's hands slipped past her's, and ht»
folded her in his arms.
"Oh, Alice," he murmured; "Alice, you
don't know how I love you."
She raised her wet face to his, and as
he bent low over her the weight slipped
from her heart, and the old life, that had
so tired her, became a thing of the past.
"Why— why— where did you come
from?" Her voice trembled, but she did
not care.
Alice turned about quickly.
"Oh!" she gasped. "I thought you .were
in Wisconsin." She moved tow f rd ™«
train not losing hold of the little hand
that lay In hers. jCr'Vi ~~«
"I could not get off. Wish I had known
you were aboard"— the train was moving.
"Good-by. good-by." .
"Bon voyage!" called Alice. Th«n bend-
Ing toward the child, "Wave by-by to
Mr. Hardln." . • ».„,
A sunburnt little hand clawed the air.
and Alice, raising her head, looked up at
Allyn. Thev both laughed.
On the rest of that north-bound trip
all that Allyn saw was a little country
railroad xtatlon. with Its usual motly
setting. Standing forth from it all were
the same two figures, the Madonna and
the child— one in gown of soitly clinging
blue, the other in ruffled white apron.
The two weeks* visit to her brother
came to an end. and the train was fast
drawng Alice Ellison away from the sweet
peace of the country into the rush and
whirl of that old life In the city. Leaning
back in her chair, dreamily looking out
of the window, she came to the conclu
sion that she was tired of herself.
She sighed and rose wearily. Swaying
with the motion of the car, she made her
way toward the Pullmans. It was Octo
ber: perhaps she might find some of her
friends returning to the city. Pausing a
moment on the threshold of the sleeper,
she looked down the red-plush aisle. *
A few feet in front of her a man was
seated, with his back turned toward her.
He had light hair, "Just like Mr. Har
dln's." and standing on the seat beside
him was a little child. The car lurched,
and the little fellow swayed, only to be
caught by a strong arm that threw him
downward; then the man's head darted
down and Alice smiled at the screams ot
childish laughter.
She watched them for a moment, then
the child, peering over the man's shoul
der, called out. "Pretty lady, pretty
lady!" and she, feeling too weary to more
than smile at the little fellow, turned to
go back to her uninteresting book.
The train was crossing the long bridge
over Lake Ponchaxtrain. and Alice paused
in the vestibule between the Pullman and
the chair car. Standing at the window
she looked out upon the, vastness of the
moonlit lake and sky and felt very tired
and small and useless. She was not blue,
nor was she morbid: but, somehow, her
heart rebelled at going back to that old
life In the city, so empty, so shallow, so—
"Alice! Miss Ellison—"
Ing off with a young man and woman
who had loined her.
"Miss Ellison! How do you do?
As before, he divined the meaning of it
all. Some idle word that had aroused all
her dormant sensitiveness, and she was
writhing under It. She doubtless Imag
ined that people were saying that that old
maid. Marion Poster, li trying to catch
Mr. Mallory, and her manner was her
fierce, wordless refutation of it. The line*
of care were deepening in her face day
by day, and his heart ached for her.
"I want to speak to you, Miss Foster,"
he said In a determined way, as she was
about to pass htm In the hall one day
with her usual brief greeting.
"Certainly," she replied somewhat.un
comfortably, and they sat down la the
quiet drawing-room together.
"Something is bothering you," he began,
fixing his glance searchingly upon her.
"Come now, be frank. If there Is -any
way in which I can be of service to you,
tell me."
"It's nothing," she protested hastily,
"or, at least, nothing much." Then with
an attempt at lightness 'she added,
"Women who have neither fathers nor
brothers to look out for them often have
to worry, you know." . -
Another sort of woman might have
said "husbands," but to Miss Foster,
whose consciousness upon the subjects of
love and matrimony was as shrinking as
that of a young girl, such a remark
would have b**n Impossible. Even In that
moment Mallory chuckled to himself, yet
would have liked to take her in his arms
and put himself between her and the
world forever.
"Marry me," he said softly. "Give me
the right to take care of you. I should
count it a great happiness."
Her face went scarlet.
"Such a subject seems scarcely the
proper one for Jest," she retorted with
dignity. "If you will excuse me, I have
duties to attend to," and she rose to
leave him.
"One moment."
His voice rang a trifle sharp and clear
with command. The Mallory who achieved
¦what he wanted in life was speaking.
Miss Foster seemed to feel this, and she
¦at down again as obediently as a child,
though he could see that her hands were
quivering nervously.
"You have misunderstood me," he aald
In a calm, decided voice, which somehow
thrilled her with the certainty that he
would bend her to his will.
"I have no Intention of indulging In the
wtat smoothly for a while. Walks, drives
and theaters followed and apparently
Miss Foster's fear of appearing "kitten
ish" slumbered. To Mallory each hour
ipeat la her society' made htm long for
more. She was so dellclously contradic
tory.
Then, of a sudden, all the old, prim re
straint returned to her manner. Three
consecutive Invitations were refused with
excuse* so flimsy that even the most ob
tuse person znuit have seen through
them.
her. and her heart grew tender. And then
something- would crop up like weeds in
the parable, choking out these tiny seeds
of love. And that something was piti
fully like the vision that had but Just
.caused her a momentary gladness. But
the clear blue eyes were so cold, the fine
mouth so firmly set with determination,
the chin so square that she would rise
impatiently, crying out:
"Ah, no, he would never be tender, nor
sweet, nor— nor— " •
For she, too, had her picture of what a
home should be. and while she scarcely
dared dwell' on it, as he could do. It waa
there, in the clouds above her head. A
home in which there waa a woman whose
life's one aim was to keep the tired lines
from her husband's face, the worrying
cares from his heart, to maintain forever
.the smiles on those little upturned faces
at her knee. But the husband must be
one with a heart warm enough to take
and profit- by the sympathy she held out
to him In such good abundance, a man
who could understand the hearts of thoso
little children, in the arms of that woman.
So, thinking much but understanding
little of each other, they went their sepa
rate ways, until one morning early, when
a train drew out from the depot, Alice
seated In the chair-car, Allyn swinging
on to the step of 4he last coach. ,
He was off on his vacation, and in the
curlings of the smoke he saw not the ta.ee
of Alice Ellison, but cool, green nooks
by running streams.. He heard the crunch
of thn dried leaves beneath his feet, and
felt the tugging of the trout upon his
line. • .
He had bid Alice good-by two evenings
before, expecting to leave the city then,
and he recalled* her look of good, frank
friendship, as she had put her hand in
his. "What a pity there is not more to
her," he mused; "she Is so attractive, but
¦he lacks weight.""
The. train was coming to a stop, and
Allyn rose and went out on the platform.
They were slowing into a picturesque lit
tle town, with green trees In sight of the
depot, and big, sprawly southern homes,
white and green in the sunlight.
Was that Alice?
Yes, there on the lower step of the
coach ahead of him she stood, with an
impatience barely hidden by her quiet
manner, waiting for the train to stop.
She was smiling, oh, so brightly, and
the train had scarcely come to a stand
still before she had sprung down and was
running across the platform to meet—
Allyn Hardin could not believe his own
eyes.
A little girl, with brown legs flashing
bare above low socks, and face, left bare
by the bonnet that hung about her neck,
reflecting the brightness he had seen on
Alice's, came rushing down the platform,
too. With a shriek "of Joy, she threw her
self into AUce's open arms.
The whistle blew again. Alice was movl
"My dear Miss Foster," he said per
suasively, "we won't talk of that phase
of the matter at all. I should not be say
ing this to you if I had not a very deep
regard for you — and you, I fancy, would
not be listening."
There waa a little Incoherent murmur
which ho took for absent. Then he con
tinued with an anxious air:
"But there is an ethical side to the mat
ter that persons of our age should con
sider. You would be doing a beautiful
act if you would take my children and
me in hand, and I could make things so
Mallory could have roared with laugh
ter at the Innocent "only." As he had
supposed, then, it was not that she really
thought herself outside the pale— it was
only that of one sensitively afraid
that she ought to think so. He could not
entirely banish the teasing smile from his
eyes, and she felt vaguely that she had
walked into the trap he had set for her.
"But, of course, lt'a absurd for you to
say such things to a woman of my age —
and for me to listen," she continued cour
ageously, though Mallory noticed that she
no longer made as if to leave him.
sentimental talk of a man of 25," he went
on, taking one of her slim hands in his
and looking at her a bit quizzically.
"Love, of course, Is a matter of year*. A
man and woman of 60 would only be
ridiculous If they essayed to speak that
language."
"But I'm only 89!" she exclaimed, sur
prised into protest.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
p~j»— — — V-^J LLYN HARDIN was a
L^ffesSCfartf man who, though but 37,
Ai^wfro?!/. h&d traveled till he
jj|&/iw6gV was well wearied with
7g£MSarcx> the world. Without
I family or ties, no one
cared when he came
ifflBifcfy-wmd'^ijjafl nor where he went, so
that, .whenever he did think of settling
down, It was with a very decided picture
in his mind. ' A picture of a home that
was home In the fullest tense of the word,
¦ where ' there reigned a wif © whose life
would be bound up in that home; where
there romped little children who would
welcome him with smiles, and with droop
ing faces see him go. And -it was this
feeling, but dully realized, that made
him look up»n Miss Ellison with some
thing of doubt, albeit much of admira
tion. ,
Life was Joyous to Alice J§lllson. ' Her
blood ran high and nothing had crossed
her path that tended to make her feel
aught but the Joy of living. It was nat
ural, therefore, that she should laugh and
dance and sing. Sometimes, though, it
palled on her and she would sit within th*
silence of her room, wondering why she
could not "fall In love, really and truly
and deeply." And always at this wonder
the picture of Allyn Hardln rose before
* By
Louise H. Gtiyol.
By t
Bertha Trevelyan. J
MALLORY'S READINESS
ALICE'S REAL CUPID
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"Alice! Miss Ellison— "
"Jim wai lying in his bunk."
"Miss Foster appeared."
"I knowed they loved each other."
4A particularly fetching picture is that
of a rustic maid in a dainty sunbonnet.
which Is an art creation from the Im
perial Studio, and only one of a great
number of the same pleasing sort from
the same source.
Schumacher of Los Angeles has a par
ticularly virile study In the shape of a
gray-haired, gray-bearded old man that
Is considered a rare gem of lighting and
posing and expression. It Is a splendid
subject.
Of course, no awards will be made for
exhibits from . members of the associa
tion, but an elaborate silver cup will be
offered -for competition in the foreign
class, open to all professional photogra
phers outside of the State, for the best
collection of three pictures, 8 by 19 or
larger, which should make this feature
of .the convention particularly lively.
tsrw that has madh tae Ma* asyatte mx
pre—tea, thm saxa* taaoratabl* leaKhlst
In tfc* depth* of tha eye* to * woman' a
head by WOoox.
No leas artlstlo and ffaowtn* as equally
striking afftct fa light and shade la the
"Qlrl in the Picture Hat," by Taber.
which is a picture that never falls to
create a buzz of comment wherever it Is
seen.
Far more •phiaxllko, however, la an
artistic study of a girl with flowing hair
that will be displayed by Thors. It la
reproduced among the others mentioned
on this page, but It is particularly note
worthy from th« fact that it represents
a girl of not more than 13 yean of age,
with all the depth of expression of a
woman of mature years.
In contrast to this are a study of a
child in pensive reflection over a story
book in the dissolving light of an open
window, made by Webster of Oakland,
and a small boy in a sailor suit, by Boye,
which latter, by the way. Is only one of
a remarkable series of this same little
chap, who is considered a truly fascinat
ing subject— before Artist Boye's camera,
at any rate. Among the other pictures
of this boy is one with a dog, which is
a perfect photographic masterpiece, and
which the Sunday Call will publish In the
near future.
4 I mt OaTtfngafa art
I floli« great things Just now. ? f«w
I months ago they combined tor aa
I era of accomplishment. Their rp-*
, dal object was a campaign of edu
cation in art. They took hold with such
vim .that next week tha association will
hold Its first convention and special pho
tographic exhibition at the Mechanics'
Pavilion to demonstrate the value and at
tractiveness of the new movement.
In point of fact it will be something:
more than a mere formal convention. It
will be a perfect art feast and general
Jollification combined. During the three
days that the association will be in con
clave there will be publio exhibitions and
concerts, a theater party, baseball game,
lectures on art, excursion on the bay and
a grand banquet. Indeed, on next Satur
day, the last day of the convention, San
Francisco will experience the novelty of
having every photograph gallery in the
>dty closed. For full twenty-four hours
t" even the most vain mortals among us will
have to suffer the hardship of not being
able to assume their moat fetching poses
before the camera. During all that time
not a bulb will be pressed, not a single
negative marred. For one day at least
the stentorious "Look pleasant, please,"
will be heard no more. This will be the
very first time that this phenomena has
.occurred in the history of art in the
West.
And all this to the end that the big
display, at 'the- Pavilion may receive the
attention that the photographers think
It deserves. And those well versed in art
from the standpoint of knowing just what
the great public likes declare that It will
be a rare exhibition indeed.
To begin with, the portrait work will be
given the place of honor, and it Is from
among this vast array that the photo
graphic gems ; reproduced on this page
have been selected.
, -'This is a particularly striking pose by
Vaughn & Keith shown at the top of this
page, which attracts attention everywhere
for the dramatic quality displayed therein.
In contrast to this, though it is a plc-
THE SUNDAY CALL;
FROM
THE
JEMS
Photographers
Exhibit
5THE SUNDAY CALL*
tw=2=±==5^3~ THINK that my
iw/^$fi~$ill v^ cws on emigration
i Wc^wl $ffi are iO P ronounc ed
*)lll^il £t%i* l^ at t^ iey are we^ un *
L/Lwii'WF dcrstood; certainly
'll^S^^li l have talked and
(JrMffiBiaff-AjSiiBaffa .- written about noth
ing: else for the past thirty years: Itf is
jtrue that a great many of my race^o
not agjee with me as to my solution of
the race question. The few leaders of
our race who are preachers and teach
ers or are settled in comfortable berth*
naturally say, "Stay: where you are."
But the negro demands a national
life. Why did the colonists leave
England? Because : they • were op
pressed — they wanted freedom, nation
ality. The result ' is that they : have
built the greatest country in the
world.. The negroes can and must do
likewise. . If every : -negro in- America
were a teacher or a prcache^ there would
still be a shortage of preachers and
minions o i li errors in /\ tries,
I am not unmindful of the benefits derived by us from the white V-ce! " They are vast, inestimable.. We ¦ have
learned work, a most important lesson, and we have been shown the graces-of civilization. But we have gone so far
and can go no farther, because there are laws and prejudices that hold us back in America. If we are to advance we
must set up our own government elsewhere. —- J . « . .-¦'.- r ; --.- •, : -
Of course I cannot approve the murders and lynchings which have taken place for the last thirty years. But
even aside from these conditions no sensible man can envy the negro his lot in America. I have- offered many
a white man from $100 to $500 a day to blacken their faces and undergo for a few days what the -negro docs all his
life — namely, to attempt to go to first-class hotels, restaurants and business places. and receive a* few of the insults
which it is the negro's lot to receive. So far I have found no white man willing to take the jab.-
And here's another illustration: A prominent Senator, whose name I do not care to mention, said to me a
few years ago in Washington: •. ¦¦'.' . r v "- -
"Turner, your ideas about emigration arc all wrong. The negroes ought to stay among us and work.. America
is the place for them." After a pause the Senator added. with a smile: "This, of course, - is ; the .'white .man's
opinion — the question as looked at from the white man's side, for we really /want and. need you"_here.:' Your work
is cheap and when the boss curses you you simply smile. A; foreign laborer, would probably face about and fight.
Yes. as a white man I think the nigger ought to stay in America, but if I were one I'd get out of America before
6undown." ¦ \ \> ¦, y~»r ':
These are a few of the reasons why negroes should go to Africa. Now 1 what | does; Africa offer? I >was for
eight years a missionary to that so-called dark country. It is immense in its resources and has climates to suit every
temperament. Its soil is adapted to every, form of agriculture. There are now 37,000 civilized negroes in Liberia.
No white men are there except a few who have married negro women! A, negro is President of the republic and
there is a full Senate and House of Representatives and Cabinet officials. The lands sell from 5 cents to $10 an acre
and all products except wheat grows abundantly. It is the ideal country for a negro— a 1 country which offers nat
ural resources and liberty to develop them. -
American negroes are steadily going there — from three to ten necrocs a week are leaving the ports of New York,
Boston and Baltimore. In 1878 a shipload was sent from Charleston, and three years ago two others were sent by
the Liberian Colonial Association of Birmingham. So far as -I know, none of these cqjjpnists have evinced a desire
to return.
The Colored National Emigration and Commercial Association, of which 1 am treasurer, has already raised
$26,000 for emigration purposes. When we have raised $100,000 we shall buy a ship, which will ply between Amer
ica and Africa, carrying on its trip to Africa colored emigrants, and, on its return bringing back African products
to be sold in America. In this way the enterprise will prove a money-making investment, as well as a satisfactory
help toward the solution of the race problem. The work is, progressing slowly, but, I think, steadily and surely. We
meet obstacles, of course — some of our colored brothers say they will patronize our ship when x it is built, but are
unwilling to contribute to the building of it.
Booker Washington and I do not agree, but whenever I go to his town he tells me to speak to the people
in «ny own way. He is a man of great conservatism and good sense, though he has made enemies among the
Boston and Chicago element of the negroes. He has done a big work in Tuskegee.
But, to repeat myself. I believe the future of the negro race lies in independence. Therefore I agree with the
speech made by John Temple Graves at Chautauqua, N. Y. The races must be separated. •'- It is also my belief that
Providence sent slaves to America that the negro might learn the value of work and become imbued with civiliza
tion; returning later to Africa to save the millions of their savage brethren. The time for. the return has come. The
negro demands national life. He is at last prepared for it, but will never have it so long as he stays in America.
U^QpwSwyJ mile* from Guam,
I *t$g!g/7& fl one °' • t^° " new P°*"
r /^^^^^S^i sessions of the United
I £J?f!j^g5SXjl « ma U island, one of
UsJr^^°ESsa the group of the La
drones, known as Tinian, the others
being Farallon de Pajaros, Assump
tion, Agugan, Pajan, Alamagan and
Gugan. This island, which is inhab
ited by . Tagals who : immigrated from
the Philippines very: many years ago, is;
known' to every whaler as- a place
where fresh provisions can be ' obtained^
and there - is a ¦ good * supply; of . witer ;
there. Beyond , these facts, but; little : is
known by the civilized nation's, about
the island. Whalers' as •a; rule are; not
explorers or. discbyerers, : and they. have
never taken. the trouble, to see Twhat
there was on island/, except that
there was that which theyTrieeded. ..On
one of my whaling trips; I dropped 'an- , , , . : ,, . --_-.,,..
chor off the northwest side of "the island /• ' / :'¦¦: ' ,*• •'¦; ?'•• ' . . ¦¦ ¦-J : ,^ '',-; V , *
to get fresh 'supplies' and 'decided: to go\ashore and have a chat with the natives and to learn the lay of the land. . I
landed in a small, shelving cove to the right of which there is a small village of thatched huts, the Governor's house,
a little more pretentious as* to> size,' but of- the bamboo and straw construction, and beyond that the village church,
standing on what I : call, stilts.^ After haying had, a pleasant chat with the Governor, a descendant of old Spain, I
started on a tourof I examinatio*n of : the island for exercise and pleasure. It" was while on that tour that I made a
discovery on a plateau about half a-'mile from the village of something that I never expected to find and which I
have never been, able to learn anything about/ v.; ' ;-?'•-
What I-discovered were twelve stone. monoliths, four of which are still standing. The pillars are of uniform
shape and size^being twelve feet in height, with one face six feet in width and the other four feet. Those that are
standing rest on a circular stone ; disc, one ; foot in thickness and eight feet in diameter or twenty-four feet in circum
ference In each" of the discs, fromnvhich the pillars have fallen, whether from ..the effects of earthquakes or other
causes I cannot say, there is an 'eight-inch square opening, evidently cut to receive a dowel to keep each pillar
m . "¦These twelve -'pillars' had been erected in the form of a parallelogram at equal distances apart, they occupying
along the sides a distanced sixty feet and being thirty feet apart atthe widest On the top of those that arc stand
ine there is an immense "stone vase : in- the shape of a tea-cup. These vases are eight feet in height and ten feet in
diameter at the top'i Each is hollowed out and there is evidence to prove that they were filled. with earth and that in
them grew shrubs aikl trees that'attained a height of twenty feet -^ tii&t-
¦*• % The nioholiths.»-e black with age. but, when I chipped off several pieces from those that were dismantled I dis
covered that they are^ of sandstone. They, were cut with great accuracy and set up with precision in straight lines,
showing that whosoever" put. them up were masters of the mechanical arts and of applied mechanics. For let me
tell you the pillars;'weigh .no less than six! and a half tons and the vases four tons.
• The stone isentirely different from any that there is on the island, which is limestone and granite, showing'
conclusively that they, were brought there/but wherefrom or by whom is what I have been trying to discover. There
is no such stone on any of the islands. of the Ladrones group, nor is there any even at Guam. The island is fertile
and abounds in tropical fruit. . . *> ¦; VV : ' t-- tu *u v -ij a
The natives are neither mechanics . nor artisans, as may be gathered from the style^of houses they build, and
thev themselves say that they are' not hewers of stone and that their ancestors were not None of the natives, not
even the Governor, could tell anything about these monoliths. All they could say was that they had always been
there because their fathers, grandfathers, great-grandfathers and great-great-grandfathers had all said so.
' I suggested that if one of 4he stones and vases with the disc were removed to some civilized center possibly
something could be learned about them. The Governor told me that I could have them all if I wpuld only take
them away as that would give so much more for cultivation. They are in the way and the natives do not know
how to move them. The natives also say that there is no legend about them. The "people of Guam heard of these
monoliths but could not 'tell anything about them and did not seem to care to interest themselves in the matter.
"i That the stones were cut by professional hewers of stone there can , be no doubt, but who cut
them who transported them to an island wheTe there is at this time no evidence of an advanced civilization, and
what'was the purpose of bringing them to the island and taking them half a mile inland and erecting them where some
still stand are questions that suggested themselves to me, but I received no more satisfaction than has been accord
ed to those who asked who it was that built the Pyramids of Egypt. . • . .• . . -.
They certainly arenot the Tuins of a Druidic temple, for all such were circular m form, and there is nothing
visible in the shape of sacrificial altars, nor is there anything to show thaftherc ever was a city or town on the island
that might, have been inhabited by modern civilized people.
MANAGIG SMALL CHILDREN BY ARTIFICE
*SiktH Talk by Wm. J. Shearer, A.^l. Ph. D.^
T"J>-j| ANY mothers, and not a few fathers, endeavor to manage
iT^G^^iicr their children by aid of tricks, and by other means which
' mm\^/r\v will enable them to avoid direct conflicts with their chil-
J"' llwtv/^Mr 1 dren. In this way they hope to secure compliance with
* '^ U$sc\U& l^ c ' r vv ' s^ es w^hout unpleasantness.
S^ i^^fflj™^i I l^ cy avc decided lo BO out and leave one or more
of the children -at home they will sometimes send to a dif
ferent room those to be left, behind. Sometimes they will tell de
liberate untruths as to where they are (going. At other times they
may pretend to be going one place and fully intend to go to another. The
parents who make use of such methods should not expect to, be held in : re
•pect by their children. Not only .will a child soon learri to look with positive
distrust upon everything the parent says or. does, but the disappointment
will be so much increased that it will scarcely ever be forgotten.
Worse than all, the children will be trained in habits of - deceit and
falsehood, so that irreparable injury will be done. Parents . who have used
such means in the management of their children will acknowledge that -not
only did the children soon discover the deceit, but also that^in a short time
they become more successful than their parents in reaching desired ends by
means of artifices, if not by positive falsehoods.
Management by Reason.
Other parents regularly rely upon managing their children by giving rea
sons for their actions. Before these parents have gone far they discover
that they have little time for anything else. The children will soon insist
upon having explanations at every point. Very soon the parents discover
that such a method of management is as impracticable as the method by
artifice. The probability is that, becoming thoroughly disgusted with them
selves and this method, they will suddenly change to some more stren
uous plan. There are times when reasons may and should be given; but,
without doubt, it is a great mistake for parents to give children grounds for
expecting reasons whenever they see fit to insist upon them.
As before stated, others will object because they wish to govern the
children by reason. Such are unmindful of the fact that judgment is de
pendent upon other faculties, and is therefore the last to develop. It is
generally acknowledged that a child 10 years old may have strength enough
to earn a living, but the law does not consider his reason sufficiently devel
oped to trust him to himself until he is 21 years old. Not only is it a duty
of a parent to support a child until he can support himself, but it is equally
binding upon the parent to give a child the benefit of the parent's mature
judgment. To expect a young child to provide nourishment for himself is
just as reasonable as to think that he should furnish ¦ reason for his own
guidance and direction.
The question which naturally arises in the mind of every thoughtful pa-
rent is, ''.When shall I give reasons?" This is not an easy question to
answer.
* , As before stated, there are times when reasons should be given. There
are other times when reasons should not be given. It is very doubtful if a
reason should be, given to a young child when the question of obedience is
pending, if offered as an inducement to procure obedience. After the child
has done as requested is a good time to call' the child and explain why some
thing was insisted upon. If done in the proper spirit it will make matters
much more satisfactory in the future. Again, it may sometimes be found
best to give reasons to an older child of strong will for the purpose of help
ing the child to come to a correct decision concerning something which
has been left to the child to decide. No young child should ever feel that
he has a right to demand arcason of a parent. . •
Management by - Harshness. ,
Most of us know that the parent who strives to manage a child by tricks
or simply by reason will soon find these methods altogether unsatisfactory.
Unkindness, scolding, harshness, threats, injudicious punishments and, other
ill-considered methods will soon take the place of government by artifice
and reason. That these last mentioned methods are used by many all must
admit. That they are not proper none wiUdenv.
Those who have endeavored to manage their children by any of the
methods mentioned will need no. argument to convince. them that they have
made a mistake. Happy the parent who, before it ' is. too late, realizes the
fact that the only parental government which is worthy of the name is that
founded upon absolute, unquestioned authority. In the training of children
the first duty of the parent is the establishment of authority over .them.
Very early each child should discover the absolute necessity of obeying the
wish of the parent. Very early the habit of complying with the parent's de
mands should be firmly fixed.
"Some will object because they wish to .use nothing but gentle means with
their children. Their intentions are good. The great effort of all parents
should be to manage their children by such measures. However, parents
will soon find that it is impossible to manage children by gentle means un
less they first secure absolute authority over their children. Let this be se
cured and_there need be no trouble thereafter. Thus alone can they ever
realize their desire to secure the desired end by gentle measures. l
.'•• . Others object to governing by absolute authority because of the belief
that 4hus the parent may lose the child's love. Above all things parents do )
and should desire to forever keep the warm love of their children. The love
which aTnild feels toward a parent will depend, in great measure, upon" the
sympathy shown in their joys and sorrows, v This Jove will not only not be
lost, but \t will most certainly be more firmly established by" the 5 exercise of
a kind, just, absolute authority. What person can remember a case of .a
child's caring more for a parent who permitted him to do as he pleased than
he did for the parent who. in all kindness, but with much firmness, required
him to comply implicitly with his directions? j
Many parents who read upon this subject may express doubt as to the
truth of the statement that if taken in time most of, the very worst children
could have been managed auite easily. It seems hardly possible to them that
a child possessing an unusually great supply of nervous energy, sometimes
of a very troublesome disposition, at other times very stubborn, and once
in a while showing signs of absolute insubordination, could ever have been
reached by any but the harshest methods of management. However, there
is but little if any doubt that the most gentle measures would have proven
perfectly satisfactory had they been tried in time, and followed with firmness
and perseverance.
If proper care is taken during the first years there will be no, cause to
worry about the rest. If this time is lost it" will be refrained only with dif
ficulty. After these years the parent will need to be the lighthouse to guide
away from hidden dangers. . z ;•'
Children JD espise Their Parents.
The parent who fails to govern his child is apt not only to lose the child's
Jove, but also to teach the child to despise him. it is, yet too true, that
' in a very short time children will. understand the weakness of; a parent, and
utterly despise the one who cannot manage even a child. As such children
grow older they will grow unmanageable, and will hold in supreme con
tempt a loving parent who has sacrificed parental authority in the hope of
winning the child's love.
In later years, when, perha'ps, the mother has gone from them, children
will begin to feel ".gratitude for. her self-sacrificing love, and contempt will
turn to pity. Then they may say, "Poor mother; she tried to manage us,
but she was too kind." Let it not be' forgotten that the parent who fails to
-govern a child loses the child's respect, wins his contempt when young, and
its pity when older. Since this is so. surely no parent should hesitate to
strive to bring his child under absolute authority by gentle means.' if possible,
but. by some;mea*hs without fail. . J ' .
One great cause of trouble is that parents do not fully realize the impor
tance of beginning pearly enough. They say they do not wish to interfere,
with the child's" freedom. They say they wish it to be perfectly natural.
They are probably unmindful of the fact that the child naturally passes
""through the severaljistasres of civilization thfjSugh which the race has passed.
Left to himself he would probably take several ages for his passage through
the savage,' half-civilized and enlightened stages. Because of the influence of
parents and,others heis expected to pass quite rapidly through the first
* stages. Parents should appreciate the importance of beginning early, in or
der that they may help the child to almost entirely skip the first two stages.
Too often the^child is permitted to do just as he pleases for months or
even'years.. Though childhood is the time. for freedom, under some circum
stances, it is of all times the one time. when training. can be made most ef
fective.^ This being the case, parents should appreciate the importance of
beginning at the beginning. ,
EMIGRATION
THE
NEGROS
ONLY
SALVATION
UNSOLVED
MYSTERY
OF THE TINIAN
MONOLITHS
6closed and unclosed at his sides. He was
ten years the Irishman's Junior, with his
record still to make. The eyes which
answered Mike's narrowed to points of
steel. For a moment .the two men re
garded each other with a peculiarly still,
Hat look. .
"You Kerry coward!" '¦
The measured words were like the 'hiss
of escaping steam scalding the Irishman's'
face. All the fighting blood of his race
showed in the one unloosed ahaft. of blue
light that leaped from his eyes. Like a -
felled log the foreman went down.
Very quietly Mike picked up his be
longings and left the shop. Not even the
certainty that he had lost his job and the
beating thought of five small mouths, at'
home to be fed could quell .the fierce sat- .
Isfactlon In what ha had done. For an .
hour he walked, hugging it savagely to
his breast. ; Then, as he ascended the
steps to his tenement, it seemed suddenly,
to ooze out . at his ; finger-tips. « Nora's i
eyes, while she stood on the small piazza
hanging out clothes, were as mirrors from :
which all the grim, bare facts attendant
on being "out of a Job" looked back at
him with cruel distinctness. .; ¦' : .,¦
"I know, dear; but k Henry"— Her hand
went, to her heart. Hartman felt re
proached as he .watched the added pallor
of her face. "Oh, It was all so sudden—
so awful! Those mad horses with the
trailing harness and wrecked carriage, the
fearful recklessness of It as they, came
down the street! ', And then, when, baby
left Anna and came toddling unconscious
ly across to .where I sat on the piazza" —
."There,' dear, don't go over it' "any
more." Hartman came around the' table'
and put his hand on his wife's shoulder.
"The man,',' 'she went on, after a pause,
"has been hanging about here lately. .1
have fancied ; sometimes C that he wished
to speakto you or me. When I had baby
safely ; In my - arms ; I . looked at him— he
had the kindest; blue eyes— and saw that
he was* very white. But whon I asked
Margaret Hartman leaned her arms on
the table and looked across the silver and
cut glass at her husband. Her white face
and* wide-open eyes still held the tremu-'
lousness of one who ¦ had . recently been* In
the darkness of a great fear. *
"But the man," Hartman said, fingering
his glass. "I wish you' had found out
his name, Constance." .
" 'Tlsn't fair, be gob!"
' He stood up and faced the brick wall
opposite, as though it was the president
of the wire works himself.
" 'Tls chances enough the workln' man
has to take, anyhow "
His voice stopped as if broken. Cringed
into himself, he sank back on the slag,
torn between the conviction that ".'twas
fair" and the Irishman's Inherent abhor
ence of "Informing."
"An* sure, wbere'd be the use?" he
soliloquized, his mental attitude seeming
to descend despondently with his body;
"don't they know 'tis done, an' every
day, too?"
But an hour later, when the foreman
ordered him to replace a large belt from
a shafting to a counter-shaft while the
machinery, was in motion, Carney looked
him quietly In the eyes and refused.
, His glance had measured the danger
first It was a particularly ugly Job,
crammed hear the, celling, compared to
which: the belt he had replaced that
morning was as child's play.
"You'll not do It?"
"Not while she's running; I'll not do It."
The - foreman's ' strong, young hands
At present his lips puckered more than
ence, but only a lone note, which seemed
to have gone astray from the rest of the
tune. Issued from them. Something be
gan to grow in his eyes, burning away
their myitlcUm and revealing a sub
ttrataia of Quicksilver.
(Coi:yri 2 ht. 1805. ty T. C. McClure.)
k- - "1— !-J ¦ IKE CARNEY sat
Ov^iks-cTjijsV^ltl loosely on a heap of
'\*m\\£te\4$ « :a * dUTln * tht last
'kvMtyfi\ two minute* of the
! { rwMim^4 noon hour, the empty
r sJAwE fe» <Ji- r ' cr p aSl - * hich huns
from his locked fingers.
jSPSassaB^B^iJ swinging backward and
forv-srd rhythmically between his knees.
Ills b.ue eye*. looking straight ahead,
held that benfilr.g cf gullelessness and
mysticism which is the birthright of a
rtliglous peep e. Down to the end of his
short nose Mike's face might have been
a fit study of a fifteenth century monk.
But his mouth belied all that, apparently
having bt-cn formed for no reason on
<arth but to whistle an Irish Jig, and the
sight of it thus engaged was sufficient to
cure one forever of the Idea that life was
dull.
."Well.r sir, 'you see 'twas this ¦ way:
Meaelf an' Harrington had a bit of a dla-
/'Ohf, sure, 'twas" nothing, ma'am. .- I've
got five V thlm ineself at home," he said,
deprecatingly. \
'"How : does 'it happen that you're not
working," Carney T' . The x superintendent
looked at him keenly. : '
"Carney, my little Jig whistler. And
that reminds. me that I haven't seen him
around since I got home."
The superintendent of . the Leffington
Wire Works went quickly Into his library.
A moment later his wife heard him call
ing up his assistant by telephone. '
Mike stood in the Hartmans' library two
hours'later.'y His. sensitive face worked
as he turned a shabby hat round ,and
round by "the ' brim.' ; ...
him if he had been hurt he said no, only
a 'bit of a bruise 1 where the shaft grazed
his shoulder,' •' It was the quickness and
coolness^wlth-^which . he ,did> it,
that : stunned : me. v And no "; sooner had he
grabbed ; «baby than his ; mouth puckered
in the funniest way, and he sauntered up
to me whistling an Irish JIc",
• - Hartman's -brows drew together.
"It "couldn't be— of course not"—
."Who,' dear?". :;. ~v\
lad is a dacent lad enough, an' knowledge
able, too, only a bit young, and sure,
that'll mend,"
Hartman followed him to the door.
"Come down to the works in the morn
ing, Carney, and we'll see if we can't
find something for you that'll keep the
'chllder* from being hungry In future.",
he said genially. "As to what you did
for me this afternoon— I can't speak of
that yet." •
Margaret Hartman pushed her husband
aside and, taking Mike's hand, raised it
to her lips.
"He called you a Kerry coward," she
said, with heaving breast, while Mike
stood -transfixed by the beauty of her
tear filled eyes, "but I call you the brav
est man— the bravest man that ever
lived!"
When Mike reached the* street he stood
and looked at his hand in the moonlight.
"Wlsha, now: to think of that!" he said
reverently. * "Faith. I dunno but I'm glad
he called me a Kerry coward."
A' Frenchman has Invented a tobacco
pipe which had a whistle in tha stem In
order to enable the smoker to summon a
cab without taking the pipa from his
mop* 1 "
"No, sir; no, Mr. Hartman, sir. We
had a few words • first,* an' Harrington
he called me a Kerry coward, and— I hit
him a lick."
"Did you, though?*? There was relish
In the superintendent's voice.
"Oh, sure, 'tlsn't any harm I'd want to
be floing him," Mike put in quickly;' "ths
'"••Mr..Hartmani sir—" the words rushed
from the '.Kerry coward. In a choking
blurt— "I once seen a man tore to bits
doing what Harrington bid me do. I'll
not deny that it's hungry the chllder've
been sometimes since I've . not , had a
steady Job. but 'tis hungrier they'd be It
I "wasn't here at all, an'— I couldn't take
the chanct."
"You don't have to take the chance."
Hartman was pacing the floor, with
hands thrust deep into his pockets, the
veins on bis forehead knotted. "No man
who works ' under me wi.< be asked to
take chances that I would not take my
self. Did Harrington discharge you for
thatT* - He wheeled -suddenly, facing
Mike. ¦ '- : - > • . ..V-- ¦ •
agreement about a belt and—a"—
"Well?".
•' Hartman'fl eyes held his, compelling the
truth. . ; , '
NORA'S KERRY COWARD
M. Louise Cummins
According to the electrician's story as
told to Mr. Fitch, the explosion melted
out all the fuses throughout the building.
wHlch had to be entirely rewired. The
man who tells this remarkable story firm
ly believes in the great electrical resist
ance of the mineral. • ?''--'i«.
A most remarkable feature of this min
eral, so new and strange to science is
that after putting It through hydrofluoric
Since beginning his experiments Mr
Fitch is of the opinion trat the unknown
mineral he, has,' discovered, will be of
great use in the' field of electricity, but
on this point opinions differ. Mr. Fitci.
gave some of it to a man in Chicago who
thought he would like to see what the
stuff was good for In the electrical line.
He thought it would make a good storage
battery, and accordingly ho ground up the
ore end after putting it thiough nltio
muriatic acid washed the residuum and
filled a little U-shaped electrhal lamp,
which he had made expressly for the ex
periment. Having exhausted the air from
this. h« screwed it on to an electric wire
in the place of the electric bulb light In
his room. Simultaneously with the turn
ing on of the current there was an ex
plosion like that of a pistol, and -what
seemed like a grotesque flame flew in tlie
experimenter's face. Not a j.lece of the
lamp was to be found.
Aside from its many other qualities. Mr.
Fitch is assured that there will be great
profit found In extracting many of these
metals from this strange compound. So
many tire they that the only way to ex
tract them would be to do so by chemical
processes, and Mr. Fitch has already hid
a proposition from wealthy capitalists to
put up big chemical works to handle the
ore.
pinch of it upon a marble surface and
making a rotary motion on the powder
with the bottom of an ordinary glass- or
tumbler a circle of flashing light followed
¦every motion. Putting a piece of the
mineral under water and scratching it
with a penknife produced the same bril
liancy. . „
A few days afterward Mr. Fitch took a
quantity of the eerie stuff to E. B. Pres
ton, mineralogist at the State Mining Bu
reau, for analysis. From 'this analysis It
was found that the mineral contains
among its constituents gold, silver, cop
per, antimony, sulphur, zinc, manganese,
bismuth, cadmium, arsenic, iron, alu
minum and resolves into an unknown
precipitate, which possesses the power of
emitting light In the same marked degree
as before the extraction of these many
other elements. According to Selby's fire
assay the mineral goes from $30 to $80 in
gold to the ton and contains 20 per cent of
zinc.
. * • p *"\ AD. S'fiu haven't struck copper,
II ' ou have Btruck fire! "
! I Thesp words. Broken on the
•*-^ rvcaSss of July 4, 1D03. by his
son, Frank, first mad* Alfred
Heorv Fitch cf Santa Cruz aware thst
he was the discoverer of a mine full cf
a mvf'.erloiis mineral which wouid fur
r..sh. by the scratch of a knife, a pyro
tfcfcnSc d'rp'ay to order, and wh'ch has
set the ra.'nera'cf ists and elec
trr'prn of this -section by the ears In their
eSbrts to discover its p'.ace in the min
eral ¦world and the cause of its wonderful
property of gl'ainlr.g with light when
rubbed with any foreign substance.
Since the discovery of this, mineral,
which much resembles black oxide of
.v>£per when first taken from the mine
and later turning to a dull gray, the
theories that have flown about concerning
It have been enough to set the most ac
tive statistician in a wild flurry. It has
bee-n said to contain radium. On this
theory as much as eighty or a hundred
thousand dollars a ton has been quoted
for it by the tongue or gossip. As
there is probably no one In this country
competent to extract the radium from
tht mineral, should It contain it. a quan
tity cf it was sent some weeks ago to
Franc* to pass through the »earching
hands cf Professor and Mme. Currie.
It was in last May that Mr. Fitch was
prospecting for copper near Webb's sta
tion. In Marlposa County, where he now
has 130 acres under bond. He was not
averse to finding gold or silver, though
now he thinks he has found a. mineral
more valuable than either, and also con
taining a large percentage of these pre
cious metals. Down the shaft, fifty feet
In depth, while making a crosscut of
four feet, he came upon a ledge of this
strange black ore seven feet In width
that Is puzzling laymen and scientists
alike by Its strange performances. On
the banging ledge 1» a thirty-foot wall of
b!ue auartx. Over to what seems to be
the footwall the formation Is porphyry.
The ledge so far as uncovered extends
ISO feet or more in length, and for a
distance of eleven feet to the west of It
everything is very heavily mineralized so
far as uncovered. \x.'^l *•'
Mr Fitch took specimens of the ore to
the office of his brother. In the Spreckels
building. In drawing his penknife over
the mineral to see the red Streak which
It would leave if a copper ore his son
Frank was surprised to see a zigzag trail
of light follow the knife. All lights were
extinguished In the office and the mineral
was subjected to other tests to make It
show off. Scratching it with the finger
nail or with a wooden toothpick produced
the tame trail of sparks-a fluorescence, if
it can be so termed, lacking only the
cuallty €f actual heat. Some of. the min
eral which is of moderate hardness, was
ground to a powder, and upon putting a
Professor Hayr.es of Heald's Buslneis
College, who has been very much inter
ested In the mineral, takes a different
view of it. He finds that the mineral
shows quite an effervescence under adds
and that one of tha alkalies l» present In
Its makeup, but cannot yet determine
which one it is. He says It has been found
to be a good conductor of electricity, but
It has not been proved that It Is a natur
al storage battery, as claimed.
< Several other electricians and scientists
are working upon the mineral, and further
developments are expected as they go
deeper Into the matter: On top of all this
comes the record of the telephone com
pany, who have been making experiments
looking to find an electrical us* for the
mineral. They have made a test of th«
stuff with a galvanometer with th» wires
an inch apart and found an Insulation of
ten megohms, which proves conclusively
that the mineral can never be used as an
electrode for batteries. The or» used in
these experiments was crushed to a fine
powder. In the opinion of the electrician
of the company the mineral can only bo
used as an Insulator.
Meantime the discoverer Is serene In the
belief that if nothing else develops ths
mineral contains enough of valuable and
precious metals to bring him a fortune
by extracting them. He also believes that
his find will yet prove to be something
more wonderful than zinc blend.
"It may be zino blend combined with
som<j copper-arsenio mineral found In
quartz. It shows no radium or radio act
ive qualities. It has the strong; reactive
qualities of zinc blend, and It has been
known for many years that zino ' blend
with quartz has the luminous Quality on
friction, which is present In this mineral.
If It contains radium It has In it the most
expensive thing In the world."
"As to the luminous Quality," said Pro
fessor Lewis. "Dana In bis mineralogy
mentions this Quality In slno blend. I
cannot see how the mineral could bo used
for storage battery purposes."
Professor Eakle, also of the untTertity,
in so far as he has looked into the matter
Is of the opinion that Mr. Fitch has not
found a new mineral. He said:
acid or aqua rejrla and fi«itroytag all tit*
metals found In it tha pracipltats (till
gives forth tn* same bright light by fric
tion. It Is claimed by tha finder that It
will make ono of the finest carbons for
lighting purposes, and h* also supposes It
will make a good storage battery when
properly handled.
Though many hav» been working upon
this mineral, no one yet seems to have
found out exactly what It Is and many
and widely differing are the opinions aa to
Its value. Its use and . properties. Some
believe that It may be a zinc blend with
a slight showing of radium. Others say
that It shows an electrical resistance of
1.57 volts. Still others have found It to
be a great resistant when In It* natural
state, but not when fused. It has also
been found to show great spiro-electrlcl
ty caused by the presence In It ox" consid
erable zinc
E. B. Preston of tha Mining Buxtau is
of the opinion that It Is not a new min
eral, but a phenomenon caused by un
known electrical conditions. Specimens of
the mineral have been sent to Edison
and to the Smithsonian Institution. Edi
son has given it as his opinion that It Is
tine blend. . Experiments In photogrraphy
have been made by Mr. Fitch with the
mineral In the hope that he may succeed
In finding radium present, but the color
plates so far have shown no signs of tha
presence of radio, active ore.
At Berkeley several student* are work
ins upon this mlneraloglcal problem un
der the direction of Professor Christy. Ac
cording to Professor Lewis of the univer
sity, who has been making Investigations
and experiments with radium, Mr. Fitch's
new mineral shows no radio active Quali
ties.
THE FtmPAY CAtlj.
FITCH'S MINE OF MYSTERY
7Tintoretto's famous 'Taradls*,** whlcU
visitors to Venice will easily remember as
hanging over the throne of the Chamber
of the Grand Council in the Palace of th*
Doges, * measures twenty-two feet In
height and sixty-eight feet in length. Ths
picture is to undergo renovation, and baa
been taken down by th* aid of . special
mechanical appliances In the presence or
the National Commission for Paintings.
The glory of "Paradise," painted in 159ft,
in Tintoretto's twenty-second year. wer«
the saints and angels in a marvelous
blending of light and color, which, black
ened by time, are no longer perceptible.
The wall on which th* Tintoretto has
hitherto hung Is now undergoing repairs.
The fourteenth -century frescoes by the
Paduan artist, Guariento. remains of
which still adorn this same wall, will aft
erward undergo restoration.— Inter Ocean,
Bestorlng a Tintoretto.
win. There could be no doubt of It. But
the community had an Innate sense of the
fitness of things, and not once was Joy
vexed by overtures for his use. And the
factions drew* consolation f rom ' the "fact
that If one -man did not profit, by him,
neither should the .other.
However, since man, In . the ; individual
or in the - aggregate, has been so ¦¦ fash
ioned that he goes through' life blissfully
obtuse to the* deeper subtleties of his^w'o
menkind, so the men of .Forty. Mile failed
to divine the inner deviltry." of Joy! Moll
neau. '. They confessed afterward » that
they had failed to appreciate this dark
eyed daughter of the aurora, . whose
father had traded furs in the country, be
fore ever they : dreamed of Invading it,
and who'had 'herself first opened eyes on
the sdntillant northern lights. Nay, ac-
stretch. were magnificent, and so equally
matched that * the ".'camp - discussed their
relative merits for a full- hour at fifty be
low before they were permitted . to pull
out. At the last moment- Joy : Mollneau
dashed In among them on her sled. She
drew Lon ¦; McFane, who had . charge , of
Harrington's team,* to one side, . and hard-'
ly had the -first words left her lips when
it was noticed that bis lower Jaw dropped
with a-, celerity"* and emphasis suggestive
of great things. ' He unhitched Wolf Fang
from- her sled,, put ) him at the head of
Harrington's team" and mushed the string
of animals into the Yukon trail. ..*
"Poor Louis Savoy 1" men said; but Joy
Mollneau flashed her. black < eyes defiantly
and drove back' to her father's cabin. , ¦
Midnight > drew ? near on - Olaf •. Nelson's
claim* ' A few hundred fur-dad men • had
mighty display the wolf dogs howled, as ,
' had ' their ; ancestors ' of old time. ';. '
A bearskin-coated policeman - stepped
prominently to th* fore," watch In -hand.
Men hurried among the dogs, v rousing
them to their feet, un tangling their, traces,
straightening them out.' The entries 'came '
to the ' mark, firmly, gripping stakes] and'
notices. '. They had gone over . the • boun
daries of the claim so often that they'
could' now have done It blindfolded. V The
policeman . raised ' his hand. Casting off
; their superfluous ' furs "and blankets and '
with a final cinching of belts,' they: came
to attention. .
"Timer-
Sixty pairs of hands unmitted; as many
pairs of moccasins gripped hard upon '. the
snow.
"Gbr-
tangled. Louis Savoy, aware of his rival's
greater wisdom In the matter of do* drlv
lng, had followed his lead and also wait
ed. The rout , had passed ' beyond ear
shot when they took the trail, and it was
not till they had .traveled 'the ten .miles or
so down to Bonanza that they came upon
It, speeding along in ¦ single file, but well
bunched. . There was little noise,' and less
chance of one passing another at that
stage. *; The sleds,' from runner "to runner,
measured '. sixteen* •¦ • Inches. ; -} the ' trail
eighteen; but; the trail,' packed down fully
a foot by tho traffic, 'was like a gutter.
On either side spread tho blanket of i soft
mow crystals. If a man turned 'into this
in- an endeavor ' to pass \ his ¦ dogs would
wallow/ perforce, to their bellies and slow
down to ; a snail's pace. * So : the 'men lay
close to their leaping sleds and [waited.
"Ten to One on Harrington," Bawled the BircH Creek King.
Forty Mile had crawled out of Its sleep-
Ing furs 'and congregated near the edge of
the trail.' From this point It could view
As they swung Into the seventy-five mil*
station - Lon McFane dashed alongside;
Wolf Fang, in the lead, caught Harring
ton's eye, and he knew that. the race was
his. No team in the North could pass
him on those last twenty-five miles". And
when Savoy saw Wolf Fang heading his
rival's team he knew that he was out of
the' running and he cursed softly to him
self in the way woman is most' frequently
cursed. 'But he still clung to the other's
smoking trail, gambling on chance to the
last. And as they churned Hong, the day
breaking in the southeast, they marveled
in ¦ Joy, and - sorrow at that " which Joy
Mollneau had done.
remainder of the race strove to overtake
them,' but vainly, for to Louis Savoy alone
was the glory given of keeping Jack Har
rington's killing pace.
When the frost grows' lusty, at 60 be
low men cannot long remain without fire
or. excessive exercise . and. live. So Har
rington and Savoy now fell to the ancient
custom of "ride and run." Leaping from
their sleds, tow-thongs in hand, they ran
behind till the blood resumed Its wonted
channels and expelled the frost, then
.back to the sleds till the heat again ebbed
away. Thus, riding and running, they
covered the second and third relays. Sev
eral times, on smooth ice. Savoy spurted
his dogs, and as often failed to gain past.
Strung along for five miles in the rear, the
crusted, th* current being swift." and now
It was as level, hard and slippery as ' a
dance floor. The Instant they struck this
glare lc* Harrington came to his knees,
holding precariously on with one hand,
his .whip singing fiercely among his dogs
and fearsome abjurations hurtling about
their ears. The teams spread out on the
smooth surface, each straining to th* ut
termost. But few men In the north could
lift their dogs as did Jack Harrington. At
once he began to pull ahead, and Louis
Savoy, taking the pace, hung on desper
ately, his leaders running even with th*
tall of his rival's sled,
Midway en the glassy stretch their re
lays shot. out from the bank. But Har
rington did not slacken. Watching his
chance when the new sled swung In close,
he leaped across, shouting as he did so
and Jumping up the pace of his fresh dogs.
The other driver fell off somehow. Savoy
did likewise with his relay, and the
abandoned teams, swerving to right and
left, collided with the others and piled the
ice with confusion. Harrington cut out
the pace; Savoy hung on. As they neared
the end of the .'glare Ice they swept
abreast of the leading sled. When they
shot Into the narrow trail between the
soft snowbanks they led the race; and
Dawson, watching by the light of the
aurora"' swore that it was' neatly done.
(Copyright, 1SCS. oy Jack London.)
a * -y OU- what you call— laxy mans,
/ I You laxy mans would desire me
(J to haf for wife. It Is not good.
Nevalre! No. r.evaire. will lazy
- mans nay hoosband be.**
Thus Joy Mo!!n«u epoke her mind to
Jack Harrington, even a« she Jiad spoken
It, but more tritely and in his own
tongue, to Louis Savoy the previous nlght.
"Llsten, Joy—"
"No, no; why moos* I listen to lazy
mans? It is vaire bad. You hang rount,
make visitation to my cabin and do noth
ing. How can you get grub for the fam
llle? Why haf not you the dust7 Odder
mans haf plentee."
"But I work hard, Joy. Never a day •
am I not on trail or up creek. Even now
have I Just come off. My dogs are yet
tired. Other men have luck and find
plenty of gold; but I— I have no luck."
"Ah! But when this mans with the wife
which is Indian, this man McCormack,
when him alscovaire the Idondyke. you
Fo not. Odder mans go; odder man now
rich."
"You know I was prospecting over on
the headreachers of the Tanana." Har
rington protested, "and knew nothing of
the Eldorado or Bonanza until It was too
late."
"That is deeferent; only you are— what
you call way off."
"Why?"
"Way off. In the— yes— in the dark. It
Is nevalre too late. One vaire rich mine
Is there, on the creek which is Eldorado.
The mans drive the stake and him go
way. No odder mans know what of him
become. The mans, him which drive the
stake, is nevalre no more. Sixty days no
man on that claim file the papalre. Then
odder mans, plentee odder mans — what
you call— Jump that claim. Then they
race, oh, bo queek. like the wind, to fll*
the papalre. Kim be vaire rich. Him get
grub for famille."
Harrington hid the major portion of his
Interest.
"When's the time up?" he asked. "What
claim Is It?"
"So I cpeak Louis Savoy last night,"
she continued, ignoring him. "Him Z
think the winnaire."
"Hang Louis Savoy!"
"So Louis Savoy speak In my cabin last
night. Him say, 'Joy, I am strong mans.
I haf good dogs. I haf long wind. I will
be wlanaire. Then you will haf me for
hoosband?* And I say to him. I say *f
"What'd you say?"
"I say, 'If Louis Savoy Is wlnnalre, then
will he haf me for wife.' "
"And if he don't win?"
"Then Louis Savoy, him will not be—
what you call— father of my children."
"And if I xrtnr'
"You wir.nalre? Ha! ha! Nevaire!" '
Exasperating as it was, Joy Molineau's
laughter was pretty to hear. Harrington
did not mind it. He had long s'r.ce been
broken in. Besides, he was no exception.
Ehe had forced all her lovers to suffer In
kind. And very enticing she was Just
then, her lips parted, her color heightened
by the sharp kiss of the frost, her eyes
\ibrant with the lure which is the great
est of all lures and which may be seen
nowhere save in woman's eyes. Her sled
dojrs clustered about her in hirsute
masses, and the leader. Wolf Tang, laid
bis long snout softly in her lap.
"If I do win?" Harrlnrton pressed.
She looked from dog to lover and back
again.
"What do you say. Wolf Fang? If him
strong mans and file the papalre, shall
we his wife become? Eh? What you
say?"
Wolf Fang picked up his ears and
growled at Harrington.
"It is vaire cold," she suddenly added,
with feminine Irrelevance, rising to her
feet and straightening out the team.
Her lover looked on stolidly. She had
kept him guessing from the first time they
met, and patience had been Joined unto
his virtues.
"Hi. Wolf Fang!" she cried, springing
upon the s!ed as it leaped into sudden
motion. "Ai! Va! Mush-on!"
From the corner of his eye Harrington
•watched her swinging down the trail to
Fortv Mile. Where the road forked and
crossed the river to Fort Cudahy, she
baited the dogs and turned about.
"Oh, Mlstalre Lazy Mans!" she called
back. "Wolf Fang, him say yes— If you
wlnnaire!"
But somehow, as such things will, it
leaked out. and all Forty Mile, which had
hitherto speculated on Joy Molineau's
choice between her two latest lovers, now
hazarded bets and guesses as to which
would win In the forthcoming race. The
"camp divided Itself Into two factions and
every effort was put forth in order that
their respective favorites miQht be the
first In at the finish. There was a scram
ble for the best dogs the country could
afford, for dogs, and good ones, were es
sential, above all, to success. And it
meant much to the victor. Besides the
possession of a wife, the like of which
bad yet to be created. It stood for a
mine worth a million at least.
That fall, when news came down of Mc-
Cormack's discovery on Bonanza, all the
Lower Country,, Circle City and Forty
Mile Included, had stampeded up, the Yu
kon-at least all save those who. like
Jack Harrington and Louis Savoy, were
away prospecting In the west. Moose
pastures and creeks were . staked Indis
criminately and promiscuously;,and.Inci
dentally, one of the unllkeliest of creeks,
Eldorado. Olaf Nelson laid claim to 600
cf its linear feet, duly posted bis notice.
Then the clear voloo of Joy '"""TttflU
rose on the air. "All Ya. Wolf Fan*!
Wolf Fangl"
Wolf Fang heard. He left the trail
sharply, heading directly for his mis
tress. The team dashed after him and
tho sled poised an Instant en a ilngl*
runner, then snot Harrington Into to*
snow. Savoy was by like a flash. Har
rington pulled to his feet and watohed
him skimming across the river to th*
Gold Recorder's office. H* could not hela
hearing what was said:
"Ah, hlm r do vaire well,- Joy Molinsatj
was explaining to the lieutenant. "Him—
what you call— set the pace. Yes, hftn set
the pace vaire well."
He obeyed, shrugged his shoulders in
token that he yielded not to the dictate
of his reason but to her charm. Joy
nodded to reassure him.
All noise ceased. Men paused In tho
placing of bets.
Yawing and reeling and plunging, like
luggers before the wind, the sleds swept
wildly upon "them." Though be still kept
his leader up to the tall of Harrington's
sled, Louis Savoy's face was without
hop*. Harrington's mouth was set. He
looked neither to the right nor to the left.
"His dogs were leaping In perfect rhythm,
firm-footed, close to the trail, and TColf
Fang, head low and unseeing, whining
softly, was leading his comrades mag
nificently.
Forty Mile stood breathless. Not a
sound, save the roar of the runners and
the voice of the whips.
Joy smiled inscrutably. The lieutenant
pondered. He glanced up the trail. Tho
two men had risen to their knees and
were lashing their dogs furiously, Har
rington In the lead.
"Ten to one on Harrington!** bawled the
Birch Creek king, flourishing his sack In
tho lieutenant's face.
"Covalre the bet," Joy prompted.
the up-Tukon ootxtm to Its first bend, s«*»
ersi* miles away. Here It could also •—
across the river to the finish at Fort Cud
ahy, wJd«r» the Gold Recorder nerrocaty
waited. Joy Volineeq had taken her po
sition sereral rods back from tie traO,
and under tho drenmstanoes tie r*st of
Forty Mile forbore Interposing Itself. So
the apace was clear between her and the
splendor line of the course. Fire* bad
been built, and around these men wagered
dust and dog*, tho lone odds oa Wolf
Fang.
"Here they comer* sbrQled an Indian
boy from the top of a pine.
Up the Tukon a black speck appeared
against the snow, closely followed by a
second. As these crew larger more black
specks manifested themselves, but at a
goodly* distance to the rear. OraduaHy
they resolved themselres Into dogs and
sleds and men lying Cat upon thorn.
"Wolf Fan* leads," a lieutenant of po
lice whispered to Joy. She smiled nor In
terest back.
"Ten to one on Harrtngtonr* erUd a
Birch Creek king, dragging out his sack.
"The Queen, her pay you not mooch T*
queried Joy. MpS
The lieutenant shook bis head.
"You have some dust, ah. how mooch V
she continued.
Ha exposed his sack. Ehe gangvd tt wlta
rapid eye.
"Mebbe— say— two hundred, eh? Oood.
Now I give— what you call— the tip. Oov
alre the bet."
They, shot - across the" wide. " exptnse, •'
round the four sides, ' sticking' notices at
every corner' arid down the middle, where
the two center stakes were to bo planted.
Then .they sprang for the " sleds on*, the ,
frozen bed of the creek. An anarchy of
sound and motion broke out. Sled collid
ed with sled and dog team, fastened upon
dog team with bristling manes and glis
tening fanes. The narrow creek was
glutted with the struggling mass. Lashes
and butts of dog whips were distribute!
impartially among men and brutes.. And,
to make^it of {greater moment, eachpar
ticipant had a bunch of comrades Intent
on breaking him out of the Jam. But on*
by* one,;andjby sheer strength, the sleds
crept out and shot from sight in the dark
ness of .the overhanging banks. '.
"Jack Harrington had anticipated this
crush and' waited by bis sled until tt tu>,
It was clear and cold. The aurora bore
alls painted palpitating color revels on the
eky. Rosy waves of brilliancy swept
across the i zenith, 1 : while great coruscat
ing bars of greenish white blotted out' the
stars or a Titan's band; reared mlsjhty
arches above the Pole* "And at this
preferred sixty. below and the lumping to
the inducements of warm cabins and com
fortable bunks. ; Several score of them
had their notices prepared for posting and
their dogs at hand. A bunch of ;Captain
Constantine's mounted police had been
ordered on duty, that fair play might rule.
The command bad gone forth that no man
should place a stake till the last second
of the day had ticked Itself into the past.
In the Northland such commands are
equal to Jehovah's in the matter of po
tency; the dum-dunras rapid and effective
as the thunderbolt. .;¦ ' . i; ''.''• ';
Here the first relays waited, but here,
intent to kill their first teams, If neces
sary, Harrington and' Savoy had had their
fresh teams placed a couple of miles be
yond those of the others. In th« contusion
of chancing ; sleds they passed fall half
the bunch.- Perhaps thirty men were still
leading them '.when they shot; on to the
broad breast of the Yukon. Hero was the
tug. -When tht river :froae In the fall *
mile of open water bad been left between
two mighty jama. This haA but masntljr.
No alteration ¦. ta position oouurTofl down
the fifteen \ miles of \ Bonania ' and : Klon
dike . to Dawson, where the Yukon wu
encountered. V V
gad as fluty disappeared. At that time th*
ne*reat recording office «vaa In the police
barrack* at Fort Cudahy, Juat across the
river from Forty Mile; but when It be
came bruited abroad that Eldorado Creek,
was a. treasure house It was quickly dis
covered that Olaf Nelson* had -failed to
make the down- Yukon trip to file upon
his property. Men cast hungry eyes upon
the ownerless claim, where they knew a
thousand-thousand dollars waited but
shovel and sluice-box. Yet they dared
not touch It; for there was a. law which
permitted sixty days to lapBe between the
staking and the filing, during; .which time
the claim was Immune. The whole coun
try knew of Olaf Nelson's disappearance,
and scores of men made preparation for
the Jumping; and for the consequent race
to Fort Cudahy.
But competition at Forty Mile was lim
ited. "With the camp devoting Its energies
to the equipping, either of Jack Harring
ton or Louis Savoy, no man was unwise "
enough to enter the contest single-handed.
It wai a stretch of 100 miles to the-Re
corder's office and It was planned that the
two favorites should have four relays of
dogs stationed along the trail. Nat
urally the last relay was to be the crucial
one, and for these twenty-live miles their
respective partisans strove to obtain the
strongest possible animals. So bitter did
the factions wax. and so high* did : they
bid. that dogs brought etlffer prices than
ever before In the annals of the country.
wnd, as It chanced, this scramble for
dogs turned the public eyes still more
aearchlngly upon Joy Mollneau. Not only
was she the cause of It all. but she pos
sessed the finest sled dog fronv Chllkoot
to Bering Sea. As a wheel or leader Wolf
Fang had no equal. The man whose sled
he led down the last stretch was bound ta
.dflentef birth had not rendered her lew
tlve woman, nor had It limited her wo
man'* understanding- of men. They
knew she' played with them, but they, did. .
not know the wisdom, of her * play ."Its;
deepness and its deftness. ¦ They failed to
we more than the exposed card, so that to
the very last Forty Mile was in a state
of pleasant obf uscatlon, and it was not
until she cast her final trump that it
.came "to reckon up the score.
Early In the week the camp turned out
to start Jack Harrington and Louis Savoy
on their way. They had taken a shrewd
marcia of time, for it, was their wish to
arrive at Olaf Nelson's claim some days
previous to the expiration of its immun
ity, that they might rest themselves and
their dogs be fresh for the first relay. On
the way up they found the men of Daw
eon already stationing- spare dog teams
along the trail, and it was manifest that
little expense had been spared, in view of
the millions at stake.
A couple of days after the departure of
their champions Forty Mile began sending
up their relays— first to seventy-flve sta
¦ tion. then to the fifty, and last to the
twen ty-flve, ¦ The team* for tho last
THE SUNDAY OALti.
A DAUGHTER OF THE AURORA
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
¦ Has been succeas-
j>g*»jgfft fully used by leaj-
RRjr^B*5 la S acireases. i\ag-
fftXI *y&» «™ and women of
Mftw SB fiSHA fashion for iaor»
VjgET W \T-*j than 25 years.
FTCf •*» IT 'Wherever applied
"~iS TT / II ls Instantly ab-
a3 ~^J sorted through the
- W *^ pores of " th« akin,
¦'^J / * n * '** wonderful
£r \ nutrition feeds the
*f wastlnr Ussuea.
fo^v , > <£> MMOvxara
»gJU >& «»crioca
«ah* . W Aa If by magl<v ooe
i<ZJ\l able improT«m«nt.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD U po-ttiv.!,
»• only preparation known to medical •c!«nc"»
that will round out hollow* m the n«ck and
produce firm, healthy fiesa oa thla cheaka,
arms and hands. (
70S DEVEIiOPIJJO HI BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nursinc It has taa>
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxn
are often sutflcient to - make the buat - flrnZ
Ui{« and beautiful. * Br ™»
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHTtR
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRCOOUn.-
Re*u1ar price, $1.00 a box. tat to Tui^S;
take advantaze of this SPECIAL OKFEJl and
¦end us one dollar we wtU M nd two (2) boxkaT
in plain wrapper. - ' """^
F:RBE^nAst* &S&..
trated. will be sent free to aay Udri»iib£
10 cents to pay for coet of mallln*. AddnSS
SB. CHAXLX3 CO, 1» Pirk Tlut, Hn Tutheaps of fun you'd have to give cp if you
were running for office,** said I to the
boys, as we .waited . in . the dining-room
for the "eldest daughter of the house, who
had gone Into. the pantry for some fruit.
/'See how, you'd have to stay at home and
work." ; : :-;.•¦ -' : : :/-'V ''¦' ¦ ¦:; i' : " . • v*
"I don't, care much about fishing any
how." . answered j Clark, after a minute "%
due deliberation.. "I think -I'd rather : be
Mayor.?- ."•- "• • ' : "v*v»3 : •• j;
-But all you young hopefuls, in knicker
bockers . would . better take -warning \ right
now and go fishing every chance you sat,
for lt'a very plain to be seen you can't
do -it when you are In the midst of a
campaign.
**Ofc, chCdrtn, do wait a minute. Don't
be in such a hurry.** pleaded little Miss
Crocker as sh* placed -a dainty linen cen
ter-piece on the polished table and
crowned It with a pot of ferns. "Walt
- until . I get some plates," and she flew
about like a busy housewife, putting
doylies here and there under the plates
and looking out , for everything In gen
eral. "Now, pop," she said when all was
ready, "you sit In your own place and I'll
play mamma, because she Isn't here.
What do you want Kate? Grapes? What
kind, the green ones?" and Florence, a
black-haired, merry-eyed lassie of 1*. or
thereabouts. Imitated the gracious hostess
to a nicety. Not one thing escaped her
watchful eyes and the new found dignity
that clothed her chubby person was
charming to see.
"Huh. You'd better make the most of.
your time," Harry calmly remarked be
tween bites aa he punished a rosy cheeked
apple. "I am," and Just then, catching
his father's eye, the two went oft hi a
perfect peal of laughter that set the rest
of us pondering for a minute and then
eating faster than ever.
"Really, .Miss Moore, I'm afraid we
won't have much of an opportunity to
talk over tike situation unless X send tha
children upstairs," remarked the candi
date as he rose from the table, and I
really didn't think it worth while to tell
him that I had tucked up my sleeve all
the politics I needed or wanted to know
about during my three hours' visit It
was the man himself I wanted .to study
and not the theories that he was advanc
ing.
As he went out the front door a tall,
slender boy came in the side gate and I
would almost be willing to wager my
very head that I solved another solution
of the man's popularity.
"Hello, Uncle Henry," called out the
chap cheerfully as he sauntered toward
us. "How are you?"
"Fine, old man. fine,** came the quick
rejoinder as he shook hands cordially
with the newcomer. "How's everybody at
home?"
This little episode conveyed a great deal
to me, although It seemingly was but an
everyday occurrence. As I -watched the
two it suddenly dawned upon me that I
had known mighty few men who treated
a boy In his first long trousers as a "«».
and I could keenly appreciate how such a
thoughtful act would be a balm to tha
tormented, sensitive nature of •» a half*
grown boy. , ' -— ¦ *r
"No go. Stay wif me," cam* from a
totally unexpected quarter, and the des
pot of the house commenced into
my arms. ."Baby likes "oo." But alas
and alack I Again the young personage
showed that her training had begun early
in life, for she exercised her woman's
prerogative of changing her rniw^ and de
serted the hairy bowwow about my neck
for the real, four-legged one that trotte4
around the corner Just then.
The last glimpse I caught of the Crocker
family as the ear whirled me away was
the would-be Mayor trotting about thsj
lawn holding "Babe's** wee, short skirt aa
she rode triumphantly on Carlo, the old
shepherd dog, with the gleeful youngster*
bringing up In the rear as a bodyguard
of honor. As I rode off down the hill tha
thought entered my head, and by the
way, hasn't left It yet that while Groekeg
undoubtedly is a man among men. he I*}
pxux oX ail, * fatbs* amos* lathers* .'
la too busy to smooth out woes or have s
frolic, even if it is no longer than a min
ute or so. ... v
. The consideration with which _llr.
Crocker treats all those about '"'him
should be a' good index into the man's
character, for no man whose own Pleasure
is always first and foremost will ever set
the world on fire with his greatness. , -
Marian, the second daughter, held back
as we were about to take a< picture, and
when no one was looking slipped into the
house. .'^A- v
"Florence, I wish you would ask Ma
rian to be in this one.. I'd like, to get a
good one here with you all Inf It," . and
then when the deserter returned he said
very simply, "I'll consider it a favor, Ma
rian, If 'you'll be in this one. 'However,
if you don't want to, all weh and good."
That struck me as being a mighty clever
way of gaining his point for In treating
her as an equal he tickled her vanity and
she led very gently where she might havo
kicked over the traces had she been
driven. -....-¦ '- fffo z-JY> .-¦-'. ¦ % ¦¦-- -. .Vi-
,. It's a strenuous piece of business trying
to get a word In edgewise with this nom
inee, for the bell rang constantly and the
telephone kept up a mad burring as
though it were possessed, to gay nothing
of the busy stump speakers within his
own walls.
Once as w passed the phone it clam
ored so persistently that Mr. Crocker took
the receiver off the hook, more to pacify
it than anything else.
"Hello. Yes. :-¦ . Why, hello, eld , man.
How are you? Oh, say, that's an awful
temptation. Why, , eld man, you' know
I'd ' rather, fish than ' eat any : day, . but I
can't do it very well Just at present No»
not 3 for a single day;? I'm :< tool: busy.
Ever so much obliged, old man, for think
ing about me, but I can't make It this
time. , Yes. ; Good-by." :,
:- "Just see, young fellows,' what perfect
clans. "What do you think of our deco
rations?"
"Two. five, six," X counted Just above
my breath, scarcely believing my own
eyes. t
"Yes, that's "right" laughed Mr.
Crocker as he stooped and picked up Miss
Mary Julia, a. small lad v of some three
summers. "Roosevelt can't complain
about our family. We have the maglo
number, haven't we, B^abe?" But "Babe"
in a flt of shyness burled her yellow curls
under her father's arm like a small os
trich and no amount of coaxing could
make her do more than shake her head
decidedly and emphatically. It's very evi
dent she has a will of her own, and fur
thermore she has discovered it was given
her to use.
"Mrs. Crocker and I think there's
nothing like a good-sized family," he
added as he righted her ladyship and set
her on his arm head up j and feet down,
and the smile on his - face leaped from
one to another until the entire six were
nodding and beaming their utmost ap
proval.
There they were lined up as for a bat
tle royal, with the rank of every man
duly designated In buttons, until Clark,
who couldn't keep still three consecutive
minutes to save his life, broke file In a
very unsoldierly fashion.
"Come see the new bird ¦ cage," he
chirped as he slipped his hand Into mine
and skipped along toward a bright,
sunny room "See! It's a new one and
we had to get It because the cat got in
the other night and killed ten of our
pretty birds. We've onlf got sixteen
now. See that little one flying about?
That's a strawberry bird and he's so lit
tle he slips through the wires, but he
don't go out of this window. Isn't that
funny? And see here." as he piloted me
to a sheltered spot, "this Is a blind bird."
Instantly his little face changed and
grew all solicitation as he gently stroked
the afflicted canary. "Poor blrdy."
"But Clark," his father asked as he
tousled the fair head that leaned conn
den tly against him, "do you think every
body wants to hear about the blrdy's
troubles?" - • •
"Why, pop,", in a perfectly astounded
fashion, "aren't you sorry V and the child
looked anxiously Into the face bent over
him.
"Why, < *yes, son, I'm very, sorry." came
the aulck response, "but It's hardly fair
to make Miss Moore sorry, too," and after
turning It over in his mind for' a second
the two seemed to understand each other
perfectly, and all was ; serene again.
•It's a positive pleasure; to see the great
simplicity and kindness with which this
father treats his children. There isn't the
faintest suggestion of discord, search for
it as one may, but Instead there's a feel
ing of companionship that, permeates the
very air, and cheerfulness and good fel
lowship fairly, radiate about, them all
He's the sort of man whose children will
not only respect him, but who will rise up
and call him blessed.
While they are perfectly. behaved chil
dren, they are, nevertheless, perfectly
wrapped up In their, "pop." To them he is
all, that Is good and wise, besides being a
delightful sort -of elder brother who never
Erst one asked.
"Crocker.** to the ready reply. "Whom
sre you going to rote fort" £/mr-J,
"Oh, Tm not dead certain yrt"
**V7eH. old chap, put the best maa tn.
Tr% known Crocker for years, and he's
as straight as * die.**
And I b«lSev» that man w*s right
Somehow or other he looks and acts the
put. There Is an air of wholesome fresh
tm about him that speaks louder than
word*, and h» impressed me as being a
Ct>od, tclld, sensible business man,' There
tnr*t anything awe-lnsplring about him;
tn fact, he la quite the reverse, for he
possess** saca a jovial face and kindly
eyes that X felt Instinctively that I could
go to him with all my woes and not only
feel assured ef his ready, sympathy, but
of Ins prompt assistance as welL
"Oh, say, pop; where aro you? P-o-pt"
-Here."
•*Where?** -.
•*Zn the library* Harryj bat Fn busy."
But busy er not busy couldn't have
stopped that lively youngster, for he had
started at full speed and slid Into the
, room like a blue streak, with an "excuse
E3 e" before hs could stop himself.
Evidently electioneering Is tight In his
line, for I could scarcely see him behind
a barricade of "Crocker for Mayor" but
tons.
"Hav* a button?" he suddenly asked as
he spied X was viewing his decoration.
**I think they're rather good," he added
with the wisdom of a sage as he solemnly
end critically examined one, and then
when X nodded and assured him that I
would be delighted to be so adorned he
magnanimously ruined a cherished '. geo
metrical design that ran from the top of
his shoulder to the bottom of his short
trousers.
"What makes you do it?" I Impulsively
asked Crocker senior as Crocker Junior
arranged my button to bis own particu
lar way of liking.
"Well, I think It's high time some man
got Into office who would be above
money. Now, honestly, don't you agree
with me?»You see," crowing more con
fidential, "it's Just this way: Two years
ago when there was eome little agitation
about my running for offlce Mrs. Crocker
simply wouldn't listen to It She thought
X had plenty to do to take care of my
own youngsters, but this year she saw
the crying need of a man who would do
what he honestly considered best for all
hands Instead of working for himself.
Oh, wouldn't I like to straighten things
out a little!" and down came his tense
Jfifr.d with such a crash that all the bits
«f bric-a-brac In the house jingled and
shivered as though they had had a sud- •
den attack of ague. "So," relaxing his
former position, "here I am." ,
"And here we are, too, pop," cheer
fully announced the eldest son, who evi
dently had been busy mustering the ¦
<•>¦* SERIES ef ehrlll and animated
f ( bow-wow-wows, a scurrying of
I I flying feet to the tune of sup-
I pressed giggles, and the young
Crockere. with three small dogs.
swept down the ball and out, with the
enemy, in the chape of a wrathful maid.
In close pursuit.
"Dogs all over the place.** she muttered,
with an irate eye. as she fairly cracked
her skirts about the corner. "That's a
r.lce how-do-you-do."
The whole thing was bo natural, bo like
my own mother turning the pup out of
doors merely because he snagged the cur
tains, scratched the furniture and chewed
cp the pillows In the exuberance of his
high spirits, that I laughed heartily all to
myself— as I supposed.
"Aren't they a great bunch, though V a
voice suddenly eaid at my elbow. "That's)
one time they got the worst of It." And
close beside me etood the lord and master
of the household, looking aa though he
¦would give the world and all to be right
In the midst of the melee. "Isn't It fine to
be young?" and the way he sighed one
might have thought he was as ancient as
Methuselah. ,'- '.':
"Mrs. Crocker Is having a few friends ta
to play cards, eo let* ¦ ro Into the library;
anyhow It's more comfortable there," and
fce led the way Into such a room as every
American dotes on. Dark and rich In tone
and girded about with books that plainly
.show they are there for use and not for
ornamentation. And then, when I had lost
myself In the bit comfy chair that he
hospitably rolled forward he looked up
asd smiled genially. "And, now, what
tour
Bcsiewfcai curiously I rued at Henry J.
Crocker. ttiteVirg cf what ©no man had
•aid to another as we Journeyed out Jack.
sen street*
••Who'll get your vote for Mayor?" the
HENRY J CROCKER AT HOME
Sunday Call
Woman and Children SectionBut after you get used to them all, and
learn how to adjust them, and how to
wear them, you grow accustomed to your,
style of dress and you like It better than
the old waUt and skirt plan.
The picture coat of fall Is very much
like a French garment in that It is all
detail. One coat which is a sample of
the pretty things of autumn is of a shaue
of claret red cloth. It is fitted in the
back and thera Is a cape which comes
below the elbows. The coat is sleeveless,
being more like a cloak- or shoulder cape,
except for its fitted back, while the front
bangs down in perfectly straight lines.
The front of the cloak which hangs
open shows a facing in blue satin cut in
Grecian pattern, with seed pearls set in
the pattern. The entire cloak 1b lined with
white taffeta, and though dark In color
la exceedingly light in weight
Mrs.' Reginald Vanderbilt, who has been
considerably entertained in Paris, wears
a cloak which -would answer nicely for
an evening cloak for fall. It is mad o of
a black brocade, with a small rose col
ored design running 1 over it There is. of
course, the inevitable shoulder cape, or
very deep collar, and this is edged with
fur, laid on in the very narrowest strips.
The bottom of the cloak has three silk
muslin ruffles and the front is trimmed
with a Jabot of silk ruffles.
The French dress Is distinguished by
the' bows that hook over and fall Into
place, by the frills that fasten 'invisibly
and hang as they should hang, by the
many lltue lace ends, by the narrow bor
derings of fur which the French like so
well, and by the abundance of chiffon
ruffllngs.
Mrs. Vanderbilt's Cloak.
The French are exquisftely feminine In
their methods of dress, and this is per
haps the reason why they for so many
years led the world in all dress matters.
If anything they suffer from too much
dress, from too many frills, from too
much detail and too much- fuss. The
woman who puts on a French dress for
the first time wonders how she will ever
get out of it, for there are fastenings In
numerable.
It Is not necessary to be masculine in
order to be trim looking or In order to
be tailor made, and the best dressed wom
en are those who have found it out and
are neat and smart but not mannish.
The; picture coat is left unfastened Be
that the picture gown is visible and tha
girl of? autumn can" take her choice be
tween matching her fall hat , to her coat
or matching her hat to her gown. The
picture coat flies wide open and many of
the coats have actually no way of fasten
ing. ;
But a much better style Is. the double
breasted picture coat which Is Intended
to.be worn wide open with both lapels
rolled back. On occasion, however, " the
coat can be closed in a double breasted
manner and the front made as secure as
possible, and as tailored In effect as any
coat that was ever made. 1
After the picture coat Is closed, and Its
double breasted fronts are lapped, it is
fastened Invisibly. To fasten such a coat
invisibly there must be fiat buttons of
crocheted material ' and little . loops also
crocheted. . The loops are slipped over the
buttons) and there you - are. You can
scarcely see the fastenings. '
Still another way to fasten the picture
coats is with , very large crocheted orna
ments, which can be In striking contrast
to the coat. Upon the ecru: colored coats
there are black crocheted balls and hang-
Ing crocheted cords and tassels," balls and
looping* of all sorts. , ~ These make very
handsome fastenings for the coat.
¦ But the jewelers, and those 'who enjoy
seeing ; a ; woman spend money ¦ for ' her
decoration, are encouraging* the wearing
of 'the handsome Jeweled • ornament, < and
there are the loveliest : fastenings . con
nected. by chains . and placed upon the
front of the newest of the picture coats.
Ornaments Jof this kind can lie trans
ferred from coat to gown and from gown
to • coat, and bo kept forever ' bo that they
are not such extravagant notions as you
inight; believe.
, It is very of ten the case > that a woman,
How- to Fasten Your Coat.
They have a way now «f trimming the
fall coatis with fur that' is very pretty.
"and -as It takes only a suggestion of fur,
It could be, adopted by any woman. The
fur Is cut— arid cut fur, always cut on
the wrong side— In strips that measure no
more . than a quarter of an Inch. This
makes a very . delicate edge. And the
strips are laid side' by side, an Inch apart
In .many rows, ; upon the wide collar or
down the front of the coat.
It Is particularly", swell to trim your
Bklrt with very : narrow bands of fur, tne
narrower you can -cut It the better, so
that your, skirt and your coat match each
other. ¦, But. this -Is not necessary.
•In the making, or In the buying of a
picture coat for fall wear the woman
¦who buys it must endeavor to preserve
the feminine appearance of the coat.
Every woman knows a feminine coat
from a masculine coat. There is nothing
bo repulsive as a masculine looking wo
man, masculine in dress and In manner
of wearing it, and it must be confessed
that some of the coats of fall have a man
nish look which must be done away with
before the coat will be pretty.
A young woman strode up Fifth avenue
the other day with a rolled silk umbrella
in her hand, swung smartly as a cane.
Bhe wore a long ulster shaped coat of
ladles' cloth In deep gray and on her bead
there rested a mannish felt hat adorned
¦with a ribbon. Her gloves were castor
gloves and her boots were the heavy ones
which 6ome girls affect The result was
not pleasing, though probably intended to
be swagger.
A pleasant contrast to this was a young
woman who took her constitutional up the
avenue In a very trim peacock blue glazed
taffeta skirt, cut .to walking length, and
laid In many little box plaits around the
hips. The upper part was a three-quarter
r ilk coat with a very neat belt.* There
were wide lapels, profusely, embroidered.
and embroidered cuffs. An Immense hat
of the new Gainsborough type, which
shows a caoare crown with or without
the feather, Mt her off.
A very fine picture coat of broadcloth
was lined with chiffon, all laid in the
tiniest ruffles. This is a decided luxury,
but the woman who wants to own such
a ccat can line it with shirred Bilk, or
Bilk muslin. If chiffon is too dear.
The Feminine Instinct.
Of course the fur coat will come In,
and. on the snapping days, there is noth
ing bo becoming, nothing bo cheering,
nothing so rich as a nice coat of seal or
•Persian lamb. But winter is a long way
cU and womankind loves to revel In a
tittle between season coat, which shall
net as a mediator between the lawns of
eummer and the furs of winter.
Yet this may be an extreme statement,
for a Fifth avenue modlst© only yesterday
showed one of. her customers a delightful
little picture coat of pongee in blue, with
a little shoulder cape and with a braided
front. Inside there was a very com
fortable lining cf silk with a little wad
ding, showing that the coat could be
worn all winter. A stunning monogram
was embroidered Inside.
The picture coat Is made of no particular
material, for it is equally picturesque if
made of ladies' cloth or of silk. It is also
excellent in pongee, but pongee, ss a fall
material, is a little light and. as autumn
deepens pongee, poplin and the alpaca
revivals will be laid away until next
rprlng.
1 Y OU have heard of the picture hat
/ I and the picture dress. But have
M you heard of the picture coat?
Nearly all the coats of fall are
-" picture coats; Eharp, distinctive
and beautiful.
These are the main features of the
lecture coat:
It will be long, so as not to spoil a
woman's lines.
It will be belted or not, , as may please
you.
If belted the belt will be worn very
loose, as a mere girdle.
If unbelted the coat will 6weei> away
from the figure, making the most charm
ing curve that can be Imagined.
The picture coat will invariably be worn
open, for one of the principal points in
its favor is that it is designed to show
off the gown over which it is worn, in
stead of concealing it.
There abounds in Paraguay a tree,
growing to the stature of an ordinary
chestnut tree, from which a kind of vege
table silk Is obtained. Mr. Ruffln, United
States Consul at Asuncion, says he be
lieves It can be woven Into threads, but
It Is a Pretty Garment for
Outdoors and the Picture Girl
Will Dearly Enjoy "Wearing It
¦in All Its Pretty Outlines and
It New Colors — Th© Picture
Coats of Paris and the Picture
Coats cf Fifth Avenue.
"When she wants to go to a fall wed
ding and to attend a wedding breakfast
afterward, she will drees all In turquoiso
blue and tan colored lace; and, at this
juncture, she takes out the white feathers
"When the woman of fashion wants to
wear a white gown she takes a little
bunch of white tips, six in number, and
fits them In under the velvet bow so that
they nod forward in bewitching manner.
"Oh, yes, we are selling the fall pic
ture hat weeks in advance of the season
and .the reason is - this: The high
crowded .. Gainsborough Is back; women
are wearing the square crown with a
band around. - It is a wide velvet band
with a little bow of velvet at one side.
That Is the only trimming and all is In
black. And of all hats this is the most
useful.
The Coming Big Hat.
"Take your old cloak, madame, and
have a pattern stamped upon It. No
matter how soiled the cloak may be nor^
how worn. Tou can have It cleaned and -
the worn places will not show.*
"Now take narrow taffeta ribbon and
applique It to the cloak in such a manner
that you trace the entire pattern. Do
not embroider It, except a few stitches
here and there, where It Is necessary to
keep the design. But let your ribbons
carry out the pattern. Keep all In one
color, 'for It Is dangerous to try different
colors upon It/
'["When this Is done your cloak is trans
formed. But you must add a deep collar
which shall come down . to a very long
low point In the fronf and lie flat over
the shoulders and across the ' back.
"If you add velvet cuffs your coat will
be complete for fall wear, but If you
¦till desire more ' you can transform th»
cloak Into something extremely dressy
for evening wear.
"Taking enough chiffon ruffling for the
purpose you can trim the whole foot of
your cloak with It and you can border
your wide cape with' It. You have now
something that is really dressy."
This may be a hint to the woman who
would be right up to the scratch in fash
ion's march.
At a luncheon given to Sir Thomas Lip- '
ton the other day. one of the guests wore
• very handsome gown in shamrock
green cloth, trimmed with deep flounces,
which extended all the way up the skirt,
five flounces In all.'' They were laid on
flat and were embroidered upon the edge
In a small design In very light green silk
with white knots peppered through the
pattern. Over her shoulders was thrown
a cloak In biscuit colored pongee, trimmed
with .biscuit colored lace.
The picture woman wears a very large
hat and, if she be clever,' she will taka
the advice of a Fifth avenue milliner who
said: \-; '-¦¦;3J:*
To a patron who owned a long cloak of
gray ladles' cloth a man dressmaker who
Is celebrated for his ingenuity in turning
(In old wardrobe Into an entirely new one,
¦aid:
Old Cloaks Hade New.
at the close of the season, will find her
self In possession of two or three old
coats, left from '. summer time, with the
prospect of buying a new one far In the
distance.
to how many uses one- beautiful lar**
Gainsborough hat with dropping tenden
cies can be put.
"And then." the hatter went on to say.
"hats are treated to different trimmings
Just as waists are changed by putting
on one day a white lace collar and an
other day a new stock. - It takes but a
minute to unfasten a feather and to ad-
Just a rose and the hat Is » new" one."
A word to the wise woman Is sufficient
in this respect.
Speaking of the new cloaks brings one
to a pretty wrinkle which is being Intro
duced in many of the nicest of the fall
garments. It takes a practical form, but
a form that is certainly much appreci
ated. It is prosaic for it is nothing more
nor less than a new dress shield, designed
to protect the delicate fabrics trom the
heat' of the body. That such a shield 1»
necessary all who have worn the chang
able. silks, the Louisines and the light
materials will attest.
To make. one of these new shields, as
they are now made by the best of dress
makers, you buy an .ordinary pair of
shields and cover them on the outside
with a bit of material tha same color as
the coat. Tou then set them Into the
armholts with invisible stitches or with
tha smallest of safety pins. They are now
absolutely Invisible and that they save
their weight in diamonds before the sea
son is out there is not the slightest doubt.
Once the trick is learned you will never
forget it.
The Hew Shirt "Waist Suit.
There Is another autumn wrinkle for tha
picture woman with the picture hat and
the picture coat and this la the autumn
shirt waist suit which goes under the
coat. It matches the coat In color and
often In materials. But Its point is that
It Is a dark suit with the waist and the
skirt just alike. They are made in one
piece, that is, they are sewed together
at the belt line, so that one belt answers
for both, and a woman puts on her skirt
and waist all at once, hooking the skirt
and buttoning up the waist.
After ; the long wrestling with waist
bands, to keep skirt and waist from sev
ering their diplomatic relations, a depart
ure of this kind is hailed with tearful
gratitude by the woman of progress who
hastens off to purchase such a gown at
once.
A very large spider web formed the con
necting link between a handsome fall
calling dress and a fall calling cloak. The
"dress, which showed a beautiful royal
blue tone, was embroidered In front with
a gray spider web done in silk. The cloak,
which was also of royal blue, had three
small webs running up each side of It.
The top of the hat, the crown, also
showed a spider web. thus making the
whole suit match.
At a dinner siven to Sir Thomas, for
dinners . galore have been spread before
the Knight, there was a guest in a con
servatory cloak, which Is a cloak with
wide sleeves— a dinner coat It might be
called. It Is worn with a decollete gown
and is designed to protect the shoulders
from draught. It can be slipped off dur
ing the dinner.
This conservatory cloak was made of
piece lace over a lining of the same color,
all in ecru. The only contrast was found
in a bunch of black knots upon the bust
where the cloak fastened.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE PICTURE COAT
AND THE WAY TO WEAR IT
and, slips a turquoise feather under tha
hat band. Thi» feather la half a yard
long at least and curls around the hat
and falls off at the back In true Gains
borough fashion. -' «
"Fora garden party she packs the bat
with ' summer ¦ roses. There la no tellipg
the chief use at present suggested for f^
Is In stuffing cushions and quilts, for"
which purpose It appears . to be well
adapted on account of its extreme light
ness. When removed, from the bolls.
which are six inches in length and about
four and a half Inches In diameter, the
substance resembles a glossy down.
10. Provisions From TreejL
There Is a tree which crows tn Sumatra,
Algeria and China which Is known as ths
vegetable tallow tree. From Its fruit large
quantities of oil and tallow are extracted.
and the fruit Is gathered In November or
December, when all the leave* have
fallen. Excellent candles are made from
the berries of a tree which grows In soma
parts of South Africa and tha Azores.
At Sierra Leone Is found the cream fruit
tree, the fruit of which is very agreeable
In taste. In Ceylon there Is the: bread
fruit tr«e. from which a food ts made tn
the same way that we make bread. It Is
said to be equally good and nutritious. In
South America we find the milk tree,-*
decorated with tufts of the lone hair,
and on the other is the imag* of a bear,
emblem of th* mountains, laboriously
carved In the lone winter *venings by the
light of th* fire In an Alpine hut. On the
other hand, doesn't this great German
apparatus suggest steins and Jollity?
Whenever I look at It I remember a Jour
ney up th* Rhine when the passengers
drew about the tables on deck and drank
Bavarian beer ; and puffed at Just such
pipes as this all the way from Mains to
Koblents, that Is for the better part of
a . long, lazy summer's day."
"So the pipes typify th* lives of the
people— at least the pleasure-loving side of
them?" I asked.
"Exactly! And from what side can one
better see the real people themselves? In
their working hours aren't they controlled
by circumstances less natural \ and free?
But on their pleasuring, in the German
Gardens or alons* the Bole— there their
true selves have a chance to eome to the
surface, "there you can really make the
acquaintance of the world and his wife—
and his pipe. . - .
' ."But to have your pipes of any value,"
Mrs. Marlowe went on, Jthey 'must have
been smoked, must have had a history.
Now in buying Indian pipes you will at
first fall ; a victim < to, th* much-painted,
many-plumed carving ' of an Indian such
as never was on land or, 'sea, made espe
cially to sell to the whitefaces, but I&ter
you will learn to select the true redman's
pipe,' hollowed from a atone or molded
from clay: In -the beginning it Is safest
to go by comparative ugliness or by the
odor, or better still by buying. direct from
the lips.
"Of course th* finest work of a pip*
la usually on the bowl, but even the
stems have a history. Many of them, per-
haps the choicest, are made from cnerry
wood crown for this .especial' purpose . In
great nurseries In Austria. They are all
seedlings and are watched with the great
est care till their ', second birthday, when
they ~ are' removed ¦ : from . the beds and
placed In 'separate pots, which are dally
turned bo that each ' side may get an
equal ' share * of sunshine.
"All buds are nipped, that ths main
stalk may grow, tall and shapely , until, It
Is almost ready to cut, when a bushy
head; is allowed; to: form; after* this the
stalk thickens . out and In due course Is
cut down and laid away t to season. Many
are as smooth and' ¦ round as If turned,
and when as much as five feet In length
command a good price.. Some pipes show
the Jasmine or mock-orange sticks' of
Turkey," selected - like t the cherry because
they are porous enough to absorb the In
jurious : oil exuding from the burning to
bacco "
BY EXJZABBTH STUB.
IN the course of the evening I gravl
• rated toward the. pipe, collection.
"Ah, you show an appreciation after
my own heart," said Mrs. John Tre
vor Marlowe, one -of Oakland's pop
ular young, matrons, comlnc up behind
mt " l a » really susceptible to flattery
on this, my latest hobby, so pleaso don't
turn away wlih 'Charmlngl' or another
of those commonplaces that brand the un
initiated."
"May I ask why you "collected pipes
rather than souvenir spoons or china— or—
oh, you know, the other ladylike memen
toes-or Is that listed among the com
monplaces?"
"Well, I will forgive It. It's Just be
cause the pipes are not ordinary and
nadyllke' that I wsnted them. I got
dreadfully tired of the souvenir spoon
and as for china— well, I never had any
tack with that. Do yougwe that eet of
«>»«»»* . decorated with eechaoholtzlasT
When X flrst earn* to California I en
thusiastically bought It as a souvenir of
th* Golden State and then found that the
eschscholtzlas from which It was painted
had been pressed and dried and sent to
Germany, where they were painted ' by
German artists on German china and
seat back to Ban Francisco to bo sold to
the guileless visitor as a peculiarly West
em memento. 1 After that I gave up china
and took to pipes. They really represent
to me something of the countries and peo
ple I saw to two trips to Europe.
"Now see the different characteristics
expressed in these four pipes. The flrst
is French; do you notice the delicate carv
ing: and the representation of the Tour
Eiffel? Now see the patient labor in
these two Swiss pipes. In one the stem
Is covered with ' fine chamois hide and
"Then come , the opium pipes, requiring
as much attention as the water pipe. The
smoker usually lies down to th* task of
thus enjoying himself. • Nearby stands a
small lamp and a dish of opium about the
consistency of Jelly. This the smoker
winds about a little stick, which he then
twirls above the lamp, at th* tame time
holding- the pipe close to It and Inhaling
"The Chines* are supposed ts have been
ths flrst smokers," said Miss Julia Smith,
a ©harmmc Oakland belle, who Is also an
entnunifiatlo devotee of ths^ new pipe fad,
when X called on her later. "The most
Interesting of their pipes are like this lone
one for a gentleman 'when using a fine
grade tobacco, and this one standing on
the table, more frequently used by high
casts ladles and worn yy»ngi-nf from the
belt Acoordlne to a traveler from th*
antique land this Is th* mode of pro
cedure.
"You will notice that th* slender bowl
of ths pip* goes down«fhto a largs bowL
The tobacco is placed In th* small bowl.
which takes but a pinch to fill It, and the
large bowl Is filled with water, so that the
smoke, as the smoker gradually Inhales,
must pass through the water before
reaching* Up stem of th* pip* and finally
th* mouth of the smoker. This makes It
very delicate. There Is Just enough to
bacco put In for one large whiff, then the
profess is repeated.
"The small side receptacles are for
matches and tapers and the large one
for th* tobacco. The leather la the case,
and the pipe may be withdrawn from It.
The smoker always has a *"mH t tightly
twisted taper or lighter. This she lights
with a match (or, in old days, with a
spark from a flint), and then, with the
taper, lights the tobacco. During- th*
process of drawing In the lone whiff of
smoke the taper Is held motionless In the
left band, and when the first pinch of to
bacco Is all used, with the right band th*
tiny bowl is lifted,. the ashes driven out
with a sharp puff of the breath, another
pinch deftly Inserted, the smoldering
taper brought to life with another blast
from the lips and the tobacco lit once
more. It Is because the smoker does not
wish* to be roused from her dreamy ap
preciation of the weed by ths necessity of
relighting her. taper that she guards It
so carefully In the left hand.
In Its other features, the October Qood
Housekeeping Is equally tnieree ting- Ths
studies of suburban home* and of horns
{ ornlshlncs are so complete as to even In
clude an Insight Into the homes of Japan
by a Japanese author, with Illustrations
by one of the leading Japanese artists and
printed on Japanese paper. This article
Itself Is an eye opener to th* Increas
ing number who seek th* simple Ufa, Ths
lnfiuenc* of arts and crafts, the dally
newspaper and the family, by Churl—
Emory Smith. X>r. Stanley fiaB on ex
periments with children, a fin* depart*
ment on health, th* methods of th*
twentieth century hostess, a wealth of
discoveries, and other article*, make up a
magazine that Is beoomlnc so popular la
thu section as to require a western **i
tlon with headQuarters at Ban Francisco.
In Its culinary pacts. Good flousekeeptns;
also represents ths very latest progress,
with authoritative recipes, new and sim
ple- dishes, healthful and tnexpenstve
diets. Indeed, everything pertaining to
th* higher and broader life *f ths house
hold Is amply covered In a now and no ta
date way.
What Is said about the California girl
applies In a ceneral way to the younc
people of both sexes throughout the
Southwest— New Mexico and Arizona,
and ths Northwest. Oregon and Wash
ington. It will also hold true to a great
decree of the rising generation la the
lntermountaln States. All through this
Western country we are raising a new
type of younc men and women— virtually
a new race, destined to regenerate Ce
United States.
This most *»«<*<TT»HTTg of jjj topics Is
presented tn a new light, and with an
extraordinary series of encravtnes la
color In Good Housekeeplnc for October.
Charles F. Luznmls Is at his best here.
No writer Is bette/ Qualified. Th* sub
ject Is treated, from both a literary and
artistic standpoint, with theVvtm. vlcor,
originality and beauty It Justifies.
The younc California women Illustrated
are typical of the unique and beautiful
characteristics of the rising ceneratloo et
womanhood In different parts of the
Golden State. Students of human nature
and of evolution will observe with pecu
liar Interest th* dlfferenc* tn type between
the northern, central and southern parts
of the State. '
The California Girl.
Is comraLeabip for you!
The European never learned to imrt»
from th* East, but causht the fever from
America with a venceance. When flrst
the Errr""* 1 ™*" smoked tobacco was ex
pensive, and he need It sparingly In very
man pipes, of which the British Museum
»,«+ a coodly number labeled "elfin pipes.*
The Popes launched bulls acslnst **the
horrid fumes," and the Klnga shook their
Bcepters at them, but. after the nature of
smoke, they had no objection t» belnc hit
axd continued to rise from all parts of
the empire. From the very first the eras*
swept from my lord with his silver ptpclet
to his Jockey? on the Continent tt was th*
game, tin to-day smoking Is the most
ceneral ef all luxuries, drawtns; from the
pockets -of Americans alone tn.CCO.OC*, not
to mention th* odd hundreds of thou
sands, whn* th* sal* of our tobacco pots
Into them about t33.M0.000i
But my first hostess, Mrs. Karlowe*
was not much Interested la th* trad*
statistics, and launched forth tut* a en
logy on meerschaum— wtiteh, bf th*
way, means "foam of the sea,** and was
so pt™** by peasants whs- discovered tt
by .the sea shore and believed It petitStd.
froth. Efce Is still sighing for a certxls
meerschaum that "Is a barcata at fifty."
It Is a "Queen Victoria'* pipe, with cold
mountings.
"And what would you d* tf year fad
lost Its uniqueness— tf everybody took to
preserving thetr bapirtuiHtmm of character
by pipes?"
W X would stfern my dxawtas^^ooBs weQs
with old shoes,'* g*** answered TTTT41mi'"t*"*
"Some day X wd show you how much ex
pression there Is ' m an old sabot or a
moccasin.'*
**In Japan bo<a men and womea carry
their tLay pipes, pipe-holders and tobaoos
cases tn those aU-containlng belts of
thtlr*. It Is cuite the proper thine to las
tly lwigt**" a friendly conversation with
a few whiffs, and what a refuge the tittle
pipe must be If .topics flag er a question
U to be evaded! one need nerer fi> m
Japan, :^i"
.**Zn India you wffl sea the •bubble-bcb
hie,' a ptps mads from a cocoanut Cllad
with water and. pierced with two stems,
one e« 'which ends tn a bowl where the
¦moke Is generated. . The pleasure-eeeker
applies his lips to the second tube and
draws the smoke down throueh the water
as does the Chines* Sybarite. Th* passaga
of ths amoks through the water makes
the gurgling soend which names the pipe.
•-The hubble-bubble is still used by the
lower classes, but the aristocrat has
chanced the cocoanut Into cut class or
saver of wondrous pattern end^ebape and
replaced ths second tab* with a Ion* silk
en hose or •snake,'! andine tea sold or
amber mouthpiece. "Ttannot you see the
2£emsah£b redlninc ampnc her broidered
pillows watchlnc her/dancers and musi
cians, and, Just to give the finishing touch
o< elegant refinement, playlnc with her
hookah ex sarcUe or sheesheh? The lady
of Turkey has her hlbouk after much the
f ,T«« fashion, while her lord and master
often smokes a straight pipe studded with
berbarlo pearl and gold, or with beads IX
he to po©r-«f the class that can afford
only two wires or so."
From other prominent womea of bctt
Oakland and Ban Francisco X learned
more thai was lnterestlne about antl«u*
pipes. For Instance, th* American In
dian dereloped the pip* habit early tn his
career. Besides betnc a medicine and a
luxury, tt was with him a means of re
lixlous sacrifice. Pipes were smoked for
• sweet saTor unto the gods— sometimes,
probably, with a symbolism not unlike the
censer's. It Is used In war ceremonies,
and Is a necessary part of a brave's gal*>
toy parapherralla, as Is Illustrated by the
calumet, or pip* of peace. Boms pipes
hare a stnele bowl and two sternal then
th* ff M *T*f ¦wmiV* BOdSetlUSe* the) *|^i»ii> |S
dropped Into th* ptp* la Bttl* pflla> ts
nited and tli* emoke drawn up with a sin
d* breath: thai the P*P* roust be refill**.
It would seem a laborious enjoyment.
"In the Orient, of coarse, the women
¦moke, and In »bxne eocntries ctrta, begm.
ctof about 8 or 10, vur their decorated
pipes and tobacco poaches* last a* vt
pff*r* lockets and fl* ri r TtT 'l' "*«*"¦
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
11
SOCIETY WOMAN'S FAD FOR
PIPES
Yhctos laj Btuftmail.At sundown everything was shipshape.
There hadn't been an engine failure In the
district for twenty-four hours and every
handcar was running smoothly. More
over, there were no extra sections marked
up and only one special on the division
card— a theatrical train eastbound with
Henry Irving and company from 'Frisco
to Chicago. The Irving special was heavy,
as It always is; that night there were five
just a firlaxle of rain falling- through the
mountains when I got down to the depot
at seven o'clock that Sunday evening. I
don't know how much sUep Blackburn
had had during the day. but he had been
at Fred Norman's bed most of the after
noon with Doubleday and Carhart «o he
couldn't have had much. About halt-past
seren Maxwell sent me over there with a
note and his storm coat for him, and the
turee men were In the room then. Boy
like. I, hung around until it was time for
Blackburn to take his trick, and then he
and Doubleday and I walked over to the
Wickiup together.
The west-bound Overland passenger No.
1 was due to leave Ames at 12:40 a. m..
and- ordinarily would have met a special
like the Irving at Rosebud, which is a
good bit west of the river. But No. l's
engine had been steaming badly all the
way from McCloud. and on her schedule,
which waa crazy fast all night she did
The -lights in the yard were low and
the drizzle bad eased into a mist; it was
a nasty night, and yet one never promised
better for quiet Before midnight the
switchmen were snug in the yard shan
ties; In the Wickiup there was the night
ticket agent and the night baggageman
downstairs. Upstairs every door was
locked and every room was dark, except
tho dispatcher's office. In th$ Blackburn
sat at bis key; near by. but closer to the
stove, sat the night caller for the train
crews, trying to starch his hair with a 10
eent novel.
by eleven Neighbor had got away from
the roundhouse; Doubleday had gone
back to sit with Fred Norman.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
burn and the tall master mechanic sprang
at each other In a silent fury. No man
dare say where it might have ended had
not Fred Norman staggered between them
with his , hands up— but the blood wu
gushing from his mouth.
It was pretty serious business. They
caught him as he fell and the boy lay on
Blackburn's arm limp as a dead wire; no
body thought after they saw that hemor
rhage that he would ever live to have an
other. I was scared sick, and I never saw
a man so' cut up as Doubleday. Black
burn was cool in a second, for he saw
quicker than others and he, knew there
was danger of tho little dispatcher's dy
ing right there in his tracks. Blackburn
stood over him. as much at home facing
death as he was in a fight or In a dis
patcher's chair. He appeared * to know
It was a gloomy day around the depot
Everybody was talking about the trouble
and the way it had begun and the way It
had ended. They, talked in undertones,
little groups in corners and In rooms with
the doors • shut There wasn't much of
that in our day there, and it waa depress
ing. I went home early to bed, for I was
on nights. But the wind sung so, even
in the afternoon, that I couldn't quiet
We were handling trains then on the old
oingle-order system. I mention this be
cause in no other way could this particu
lar thing have happened; but there's no
especial point In that, since other particu
lar things do happen all the time, single
order/ double order or no order system.
The * wind . had dropped and . there wsa
baggage cars, a coach and two sleepers.
I am particular to lay all this out Just as
the night opened when Blackburn took
his train sheet, because sometimes these
things happen under extraordinary pres
sure on the line and sometimes they
don't; sometimes they happen under pres
sure on the dispatcher himself. It waa all
fixed, too, for Blackburn to handle not
only his own trick but the first two hours
of Fred's trick, which would carry him
till six o'clock In/ tbe morning. At six
Maxwell was to double Into a four-hour
dogwatch and Callaghan was to sit In till
noon.
There was nothing to hold the big fel
lows around the depot that " night and
they began straggling home through the
rain about nine o'clock. Before ten,
Bucks and Callahan had left the office;
not make Ames tin some fifty minutes
late. While there were no special orders.
It was understood we were to help the
Irving train as much as possible, anyway.
Bucks had made the acquaintance of the
great man and his fellow* on the west
bound run, and as they had paid us the
particular compliment of a return trip,
we were minded to give them the best of
it— even against Ne. I. which was atwaya
rather sacred on the sheet This. I say.
was pretty generally understood; for
when it was" all over there was no criti
cism whatever on Blackburn's Intention
of making a meeting point for the two
trains, as they then stood, at O'Fallon's
siding.
Between Ames and Rosebud, twenty
miles apart, there are two sidings—
O'Fallon's, west of the river, and Bait
It wasn't the kind of a time— they
weren't the kind of men— to ask or volun
teer explanations. Blackburn waa on
Doubleday in a wink, and before Walter
could tight himself the night dispatcher
had thrown him headlong across the
room. As the operators rushed in Black-
Doubleday was right in his device, as
time has proved; but- It was unheard of
then, and moreover the assistant master
mechanic, sensitive to criticism at any
time, was a fearful man to run against.
Sunday morning he and Norman met in
the trainmaster's office. They went at
each other like sparks, and when Double
day, who had a hard mouth, began curs
ing Fred, the poor little dispatcher, rank
ling with the trouble, anyway half slcR,
went all to pieces and flew at the big
fellow like a sparrow hawk. He threw a
wicked left Into the master mechanic be
fore Doubleday could lift a guard. But
Walter Doubleday, angry as he was,
couldn't strike Fred. He caught up both
the boy's hands and pushed him, strug
gling madly, back against the wall to
slap his face, when a froth of blood
stained, Fred's lips and he fell fainting;
Just at that minute Blackburn stepped
into the room. /
Whfn the investigation came it was
pretty near up to Fred Norman right
from the start, and he knew it. But
Blackburn, who shielded him when he
could, Just as all the dispatchers did, be
cause he was a boy— and a sick one
among men— tried to take part of the
blame himself. He could afford it, Black
burn; his shoulders were broad and he
hadn't so much as a fly speck on his book.
Bucks looked pretty grave when the evi
dence was all In, and around the second
floor they guessed that meant something
for Norman. Fred himself couldn't sleep
over it, and to complicate things the en
gineer of the stalled train, who hated
Doubleday, hinted quietly that the
trouble came in the first place from
Doubleday's new-fangled idea of putting
the driver shoes behind instead of in front
of the wheels. Then the fat waa in the
fire. Fred got hold of it and, boy-like—
sore over his own share in the trouble
and exasperated by something Doubleday
was reported to have said 'about him over
at the^ house— lighted into Doubleday
about the engine failure.
There was only one tendency In Fred
Norman's dispatching that anybody
could criticise: he never seemed, after
handling trains on the plains, to appre
ciate what our mountain grades really
meant, and when they pushed him he
sent his trains out pretty close together.
It never bothered him to handle a heavy
traffic; he would got the business through
the mountains Just as fast as they could
put it at the division; but occasionally
there were some halr-curllng experiences
among the freights on Norman's trick
trying to keep off each other's coat tails.
One night In July there was a great press
moving eight or nine trains of Montana
grassers over the main line on some kina
of a time contract— we were giving stock
men the earth then. Everybody was prod
ding the mountain division, and part of
the stuff came in late, on Blackburn and
part of it early on Fred, who was almost
coughing his head off about that time,
getting up at 3:30 every morning. Fred,
at 4 o'clock, took the steers and sent
them, train after train, through the Kat
River country like bullets out of a Alex
lm gun. It was hot work, and before he
had sat in an hour there was a stumble.
The engineer of a big ten-wheeler pulling
twenty-five cars of steers had been push
ing hard and, at the entrance of the
canyon, set his air so quick he sprung
one of the drive shoes and the main rod
hit it. The great steel bar doubled up
like a man with a cramp. It was showing
daylight; they made a stop and, quick
as men could do it, flagged both ways.
But the last section was crowding into
the canyon right behind; they were too
dose together, that was all there was to
it. The hind section split Into the stand
ing train like a butcher knife into a
sandwich. ¦ It made a mean wreck— and,
worse, It made a lot of hard feeling at
the Wickiup.
grade or no grade. Fred gave them the
rights and they had the rest to do—or
business to do with the superintendent
or with Doubleday, Neighbor's assistant
In the motive power.
else's— a silent, beaming manner. When
Bucks would roll a great white Panhan
dle yarn over his fresh linen shirt front
and down his cool, clean, white arms,
one of them alwavs bared to the elbow—
sanding his points with tht ash of a flan
Francisco cigar-and Neighbor would be
gin to heave from the middle up like a
hippopotamus, and Callahan would laugh
his whiskers full of dew, and HMley
would yell with delight, and the slaves In
the next room would double upon the
dead at the story. Blackburn would sit
with his laugh all in a smile, but never
a noise or a word. He enjoyed it all; not
a doubt of that; only It was all tampered.
1 reckon, by something that had gon« be
fore. At least that's the way it now
strikes me. and I watched thi^se b'g fel
lows pretty close— the fellows who were
to turn, while I was growing up among
thtm. into managers and presidents and
magnates; and some of them from every
day catch-as-catch-can men with the
common alkali flecking their boots Into
dead men for whom marble never rose
white enough or high «nough.
Blackburn wa« four years at the Wicki
up on the night trick; it wouldn't have
seemed natural to see him there in day
light. It needed the yellow gloom of the
old kerosene lamp In the room; the
specked, knotted, warped, smoky pine
ceiling losing Itself in black and cob
webbed corners; the smoldering murk of
the soft coal fire brooding in the shabby
old salamander, and, outside in the dark
ness, the wind screwing down the gorge
and rattling the shrunken casements, to
raise Blackburn In the dispatcher's chair.
Blackburn and the lamp and the stove
and the celling and the gloom— in a word,
Blackburn and the night trick— they went
together.
Before the Short Line was opened the
No. 1 and No. 5 trains caught practically
all the coast passenger business. They
were Immensely heavy trains; month af
ter month we sent out two and three sec
tions of them each day and they always
ran Into our division on the night trick.
Blackburn handled all that main line
business with a mileage of 806, besides the
mountain branches, say 400 more; and the
passenger connections came off them,
mostly at night, for 1 and 5.
Now three men wrestle with Blackburn's
mileage; but that was before they found
out that dispatchers, although something
tougher than steel, do wear out. More
over, we were then a good way from civ
ilization and extra men. If a dispatcher
took sick there was no handy way of till
ing in; It was Just 'double up and do the
best you could.
One lad In the office those days every
body loved: Fred Norman. He wu off
the Burlington. A kid of a fellow who
looked more like a chore boy than a train
dispatcher. But he was all lightning— a
laughing, restless^ artless boy, open as a
book and quick as a current There was
a better reason stilt, though, "why they
loved Fred; the boy had consumption;
that's why he was out in the mountains,
and his mother In Detroit used to write
Buck asking about him,' and she used to
send us all things in Fred's box. His
flesh was as white and as pink as moun
tain snow, and he had brown eyes; he was
a good boy, and I called him handsome.
I reckon they all did. Fred brought out
a tennis set with him, the. first we ever
saw in Medicine Bend, and before he had
been playing an hour he had Neighbor,
big as a grizzly, and Callahan, with a pipe
in one hand and a tennis guide in the
other, chasing all over .'the yard after
balls; and Halley trying to figure forty
love, while Fred taught Bucks the Law
ford drive. I don't say what he was to
me; only that he taught me all I ever
knew or ever will know about handling
trains; and, though I was carrying mes
sages then, and he was signing orders, we
were really like kids together.
Fred for a long time had the early trick.
He came on at four In the morning and
caught most of the through freights that
cot away from the river behind the pas
senger trains. There was 'no use trying
to move them In the night trick. Between
the stock trains eastbound and the both
way passenger trains. It a westbound
freight got caught in the mountains at
night the engine might as well be stand
ing in the house saving fuel— there wasn't
time to get from one elding to another.
Bo Fred Norman took the freights as they
came and he handled them like, a ring
master. When Fred's whip cracked, by
Joe! a train had to dance right along.
I was just a boy around the Wickiup
then, but I remember the crowd; who
could forget them? They were Jolly good
fellows; sometimes there were very high
jinks. 1 don't mean anybody drunk or
that sort, but good tobacco to smoke and
food songs to sing and good stories to
tell — and Lord! bow could they tell them.
And when tbe pins slipped, as they would,
end things went wrong, as they will,
there were clear heads and pretty wit*
and stout hearts to put things right.
Blackburn, as much as I can remember,
always enjoyed It, but In a different war.
He had such times a manner like nobody
When Blackburn came from the plains
he brought a record clean as the book
of life. Four years on a station key; then
eight years at Omaha dispatching, with
never & blunder or a break to the eight
years. But it was at Omaha that Black
burn lost the wife whose face he car
ried in his watch. I never beard the
etory, enjy tone rumor of how young
the was and how pretty, and how he
burled her and tbe wee baby together.
It was all Blackburn brought to the West
End mountains, his record and the little
face In the watch. They said he had no
kith or kin on earth, besides the wife
and the babv back on the bluffs of the
Missouri; and so he came on the night
trick to us.
It was in tbe golden days of the bat
tered old Wickiup that the Btory opens;
when Blackburn eat In the night chair.
The days when the Old Guard were still
there; before death, and fame, and cir
cumstance had stolen our first comman
ders and left only us little fellows, for
gotten by every better fate, to tell their
gTeater stories.
Bailey had tbe bridges then, and Wet
xnore the locating, and Neighbor the
roundhouses, and Bucks the superlntend
ency, and Callahan, so he claimed, the
work, and Blackburn had tbe night trick.
I.
The directors always have promised to
Improve It; and they are promising yet.
Thanks to what Halley taught them.
there's a rood bridge there now—pneu
matic caiesoxs sunk to the bed. It's the
more pity 'they haven't eliminated the
dread maid* line curves that approach It,
through a valley which I brief as a can
yon and the Mauvalses Terres rolled Into
en* single proposition.
Yet we do lots of business along that
stretch. Our engineers thread the cuts
ard are glad to get safely through them.
Our roadmasters keep up the elevations,
hpplng some night the blooming right of
way will tumble Into perdition. Our dis
patchers, studying under shaded lamps,
think of It with their teeth clinched and
hope there never will be any trouble on
that stretch. Trouble Is our portion and
trouble we must get: but not there. Let
It come; but let It come anywhere except
on tbe Peace,
Cut our men had the Job to do with
cne-half the money they needed. The
lines to run. the grades to figure, the cul
verts to put in, the fills to make, the
blasting to do, the tunnel to bore, the
bridge to build-in a limit. And they did
the best they could. But I will be can
did. If a section and elevation of Rosa
mond's bower and a section and elevation
of our Peace River work were put up to
stand for a prize at a civil engineers'
cakewalk, the decision would go, and
quickly, to the Peace River track. There
are only eight miles of It; but our men
would back It against any eighty on earth
for whipping curves, tough grades, vil
lainous approaches and railroad tangle
generally.
* N order to meet objection on the score
[ cf the Impossible, and to anticipate
J Inquiry as to whether "The Dls-
A pitcher's Story" Is true, it may b«
well to state frankly at the outset
that this tale, in its inexplicable psycho
logical features, is a transcript from the
queer things in the railroad life. It is
based on an extraordinary happening that
fell within the experience of the president
cf a large "Western railway system.
Whether the story, suggestive from any
point of view of mystery, can be regarded
as a demonstration of the efficacy of
prayer may be a disputable question. In
passing, however, it is only fair to say
that the circumstance on which the tale
Is based was so regarded by the dispatch
er himself and by those familiar with the
circumstance.
A hundred times, if once, the thing had
been, on appeals for betterment, before
the board of directors. It was the one
piece of track on the Mountain Division
that trainmen shook their heads over—
the Peace River stretch. To run any sort
cf a line through that canyon would take
the breath cf an engineer. Give him all
the money he could ask and It would
stagger Wetmore himself. Brodle in his
day eaid there was nothing wors» In the
Andes, and Brodle, before he drifted Into
the Rockies, had seen, first and last, pret
ty much all of the Chilean work. •
Just how to handle the boy to check the
gush, and to know Just where the salt wai
and how to feed It and be had Doubleday
telephoning for Dr. Carhart and me run
ning to a saloon after chopped Ice In a
Jiffy. "When anybody wu knocked out.
Blackburn was as regular as ever you
taw; even switchmen, when they -got
pinched, kind of looked to Blackburn.
That day the minute he got Fred into
Carhart's hands there was Fred's trick
to take care of, and nobody, of course,
but Blackburn to do xt. lie sat In and
picked up the thread* and held them till
noon; then Maxwell relieved' him. Dou
bleday was waiting outside when Black
burn left the chair. I saw him put out
his hand to the night dispatcher. They
spoke a minute, and went out and up
Third street toward- Fred Norman's room.
THE DESPATCHER
THE PAST ORDER
12His face wa? drawn Into the very shape
of fear, and his eyrs. bent hard on me.
were looking through me and through
the shivering window-I know It now—
and through the storming night, horror
set. Into the canyon of the Peace River.
The Bounder broke and be turned back,
listened a moment; but it was stray stuff
about time freight. He pushed the chair
from behind him. still like a man listen
ing—listening; then with an effort plain
even to me. he walked across the ofilce,
pushed open the door cf Callaban's pri
vate room and stood with his hand on the
knob, looking back at the lamp. It was
#£3 If he Etill seemed to listen, for he
stood undecided a moment; then he step
ped Into the dark room and closed the
door behind him. leaving me alone and
tfuinb with fear.
self now what^Te suffered. Inside, alone,
In the dark.
Oh, you who He down upon the rail at
night to sleep, in a dispatcher's .hand,
think you, ever. In your darkened berths
of the cruel responsibility on the man
who in the watches of the night holds
you In his keeping?
Others may blunder; others may' for
get; others may fall and stand again;
not the dispatcher: a single mistake
damns him. When he falls he falls for
ever.
Young as I was, I realized that night
thi meaning of the career to which my
little ambition urged me. The soldier,
the offlcrr, the general, the statesman,
the president, may make mistakes, do
make mistakes, that cost a life or cost
10.000 lives. They redeem them and live
Jack." he answered Quietly? "there tent."
With the words the ball door opened and
Bucks, storm-beaten in his ulster, threw
It wide open and stood facing us both.
The wind that swept in behind him blew
out the lamps and left us in darkness.
"Jack, will you light up?"
It was Blackburn who^ spoke to me.
But Bucks broke in instantly, speaking
to him:
"Callahan called me over his house wire
a few minutes, ago, Blackburn, and told
me to meet him here right away. Is any
thing wrong?" he asked, with anxiety re-,
strained in his tone.
I struck a match. I was so nervous that
I took hold of the hot, chimney of the
counter lamp and dropped It smash to
the floor. No one said a word, and that
made me worse. I struck a second match.
table. y "No." he persisted steadily, "I am
not crazy, Bucks. - Don't make me so. I
tell you there will not be a wreck." V; ;
Bucks, .uncertain with amazement,
stared at him again.
"Blackburn, If you're sane I don't know
.what you: mean. Don't stand there like
that. Do you know- what you have done?"
. Dispatcher! Don't speak: ask no quea
tiona. Get that message," he exclaimed
sharply, pointing to the Instrument. #"It
may be news." '
And: it was news— news ?rom Ames Sta
tion reporting that the ; Irving 'special in
at 1:53 a. m.— out at 1:54! We all heard it
* to ge ther, or It might not have been be-
Blackburn answered him, and strangely
with all the easy confidence of his ordin.
ary sending. He sat and took and sent
like one again master of the situation.
"Ask Engineer Sampson to come to tho
wire," said he to Rosebud. Sampson, not
Maje. but his brother Arnold, was pulling
Number One that night.
"Engineer Sampson here." came from
Rosebud presently.
"Ask Sampson where he met Special
202 to-night."
We waited, wrought up, for In that re
ply must come the answer to all the mys
tery. There was a hitch at the other end
of the wire: then Rosebud answered:
"Sampson says he will tell you all about
It in the morning." ; .>
"That will not do," tapped the dis
patcher. "This Is Backburn. Superin
tendent Bucks and Callahan are here.
They want the facts. Where did you
meet Special 2027"
There was another wearing delay. When
the answer came it was slowly, at the
engineer's dictation.
Bucks put up a hand and without a
word of comment repeated Blackburn's
¦tory Just as the dispatcher had told It.
"In any event there's nothing to do now;
It's on us or we're past It. Let us wait
for Number One to report."
Callahan pored over the order book.
"Maybe," he said after a while, "didn't
you send the orders right'and copy them
wrong in the book, Blackburn?"
The dispatcher shook his bead. "They
went as they stand. The orders lapped,
•Callahan. Walt till we hear from Num
ber One. I feel sure she is safe. Walt."
Bucks was pacing the floor. Callahan
stuck silent to the key, taking what little
work came, for I saw neither of the
chiefs wanted to trust Blackburn at the
key. He sat looking; for tho most part
vacantly into the fire. Callahan meantime
had the orders repeated back from Ames
and Rosebud. It was as Blackburn had
said; they did lap; they had been sent
Just as the order book showed. There
waa nothing for It but to wait for Rose
bud to hear from Number One. When the
night operator there called the dispatcher
again It brought Blackburn out of his
gloom like a thunderclap.
"Give mo the key!" he exclaimed.
"There is Rosebud." Callahan pushed
back and Blackburn, dropping into the
chair, took the message from the night
operator at Rosebud.
"Number One In 2:03 a. m."
Callahan looked around. "Gentlemen,
what does this mean? Somebody here is
Insane. I don't know whether it's me or
you, Blackburn. Are you horsing me?"
he exclaimed, raising his voice angrily.
"If you are I want to say I consider it a
damned shabby Joke."
Ueved. The Irving special e&stbound,
safely past Number One westbound, on a
¦ingle track, when their meeting orders
had lapped! Passed without a word of
danger or of accident, or even that they
had seen Number One and stopped in time
to avoid a collision? Exactly— not a word
—nothing. In at 52; out at 64. And the
actors hard asleep in the berths— and on
about Its business the Irving special—
that's what we got from Ames.
' He took their hands; started to speak;
but they pushed him into Callahan's room;
they didn't want to hear anything.
' All the night it stormed at the Wickiup.
In the morning the Irving special, flying
toward Chicago, was far down the Platte.
No. 1 was steaming west, deep in the
heart of the Rockies;. Blackburn lay In
Callahan's room. It was 9 o'clock, and
the sun was streaming through the east
windows when Fred Norman opened tha
office door. Fred could do those things
even when he was sickest. . Have a hem
orrhage one day, scare everybody to death
and go back to his trick the next. He
asked right away for Kit. as he called
Blackburn, and when they pointed to Cal
lahan's door Fred pushed it open and went
in. A cry brought the operators to him.
Blackburn was stretched on his knees half
on the floor, half face downward on the
sofa. His head had fallen between his
arms, which were stretched above it. In
his hands, clasped tight, they found his
watch with the picture of his wife and bis
baby. Had he asked, when he first went
Into that room that night— when he
wrestled like Jacob of old In his agony of
prayer— that his life be taken if only
their lives, the lives of those in his keep
ing, might be spared? I do not know.
They found him dead.
"Not a word, Blackburn," put In Bucks,
resting bis big hand on the dispatcher's
shoulder; "there's no harm done; nobody
knows It. Bury the thing right here to
night. You're broke up* Go in there and
He down."
"Go in there and He down," Bald Calla
han to him. "You're used up. old fellow,
I can see that. I'll take the key. Don't
say a word."
It waa— possible. Just possible. But to
figure once in how many times a vista
would have opened for a single second so
one engineer could see the light of an
other would stagrger a multiplying ma
chine. Chance? Well, yes, perhaps. But
there were no suggestions of that natur*
that night under the dispatcher's lamp at
the Wickiup, with the storm driving down
the pass as It drove that night; and yet
at Peace River, where the clouds never
rested, that night was clear. Blackburn,
getting up, steadied himself on his feet.
The threa men in front of me made no
comment as they looked at each other.
How was it possible for one train to have
seen the headlight of another among the
buttes of the Peace River country?
"24t orders were to hold at O'Fallon's 1
for Special 203." clicked the sounder, re
peating the engineer's halting statement.
"When we cleared Salt Rocks siding and
got down among the Quakers I waa cut
ting along pretty bard to make the can
yon when I saw, or thousht ,1 saw, a
headlight flash between the outtes across
the river. It startled me. ror I knew the
202 Special could not be very far west of
us. Anyway, I made a quick stop, and re
versed and backed tight as I could xaaka
it for Salt Rocks siding. Before we had
got a mil© I saw the headlight again, and
I knew the 202 was against our order.
We got into the clear Just as the Special
went by humming-. Nobody but our train
crew and my flreman knows anything
about this."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The mystery lay, I knew, In the order
book. Curiosity gradually got the better
of ray fright, and I walked from the
cooler over to the counter to get cour
age, and I shoved the .. train register
around noisily. I crossed to the dis
patcher's table and made a pretense of
arranging the pads and blanks. The
train order book was lying open where
he had left It, under the lamp. With my
eyes bulging, I read the last two orders
copied In It: . .
C. and E. No. One. Ames. *
No. One. Eng. 871. will not hold at
O'Fallon's for Special 302.
C. and E. Special 202, Rosebud.
- Special 202. Eng. 636, will run to Salt
Rocks regardless of No. One?
SALT ROCKS! I glared at the words
and the letters of the words.
I reread the first order and read again
the second. O'Fallon's for Number One.
That was right. O'Fallon's 1* should be
for the Special 202, of course, to meet
her. But it wasn't; it was- the first sta
tion east of O'Fallon's he had ordered
the Special to run to. It was a lap order.
My scalp began to creep. A lap order for
the Irving Special and Number One pas
senger, and it doomed them to meet head
on somewhere between O'Fallon's and
the 8alt Rocks, in the Peace River
Canyon. •
My mouth went sticking dry. The sleet
outside had deepened Into a hall that
beat the west glass sharper and the win
dow shook again in the wind. I asked
myself, afraid to look around, what
Blackburn could be doing in Callahan's
room. The horror of the wreck impend
ing through his mistake began to grow on
me; I know what I suffered; I ask ray-
The first suspicion I had that anything
waa wrong was an exclamation from
Blackburn as he stared at the book. Put
ting it down almost at once and holding
the page open with his left hand, he
plugged Callahan's house wire and began
drumming his call. Callahan's "Aye,
aye," came back Inside cf a minute and
Blackburn tapped right at him: "Come
down." And I began to wonder what
waa up.
There was an Interval; then Callahan
asked, "What's the matter?"
2 got up and walked over to the water
tack for a drink. Blackburn again
pressed the key and repeated to Callahan
precisely the words he had used before:
"Coat down.**
When he had fixed the meeting point
Blackburn rose from his chair and sat
down by the stove. I lazily watched him.
tm, falling Into a doze as 1 eyed him
drowsily, he began to loom up In his
chair and to curl and twist toward the
roof like a signal column; then the front
legs of his chair struck the floor, and
with a start I woke. Just as he steppei
hurriedly back to his table and picked
cj> the order bok.
Rocks, east There was no operator at
either plac*. The train that leaves Ames
west bound 1* In the open for twenty
miles, with only schedule rights or a dis
patcher's tissue between her and the
worst of It. At 1 o'clock that morning
Blackburn wired an order to Ames for
No. 1 to held at O'Fallon's for -Special
2C2. A minute later he sent an order for
BpecSaJ ?:2 to run to OTallon's. regardless
of No. 1. At least, he thought he seut
¦ucb an order; but he didn't— he made a
mistake.
honored. It Is the obscur« dispatcher un
der the lamp pay* the penalty of eternal
disgrace. -I felt something of it* even
then, and from my boy's heart, in the
face of the' error, in the face of the
slaughter,, I pitied Blackburn.
Callahan'g room door opened again and
Blackburn came out of the dark. I had
left the table and was standing in front
of the stove. \He looked at me almost ea : *
gerly; the expression of his face had com
pletely changed. I never in my life saw
such a change in so few minutes on any
man's face. and. like all the rest, j it
alarmed me. It was not for me to speak
if I had been able, and he did not. He
walked straight over to the table, closed
the order book, plugged Callahan's house
wire again, and began calling him. The
assistant superintendent answered, and
Blackburn sent him Just these words:
"You need not come down." .
I heard Callahan reply with a question:"
"What is the matter?"
Blackburn stood calmly over the key,
but he made no answer. Instead, he re
peated only the words, "You need not
come down."
Callahan, easily excitable always, was
wrought up. "Blackburn." he answered
over the wire, Impatiently, "What in
God's name is the matter?"" But Black
burn only pulled the plug and cut t him
out, and sunk into the chair like a man
wearied.
¦ " ¦ .
"Mr. Blackburn," I said, my heart
thumping like an-jnjector, "Mr. Black
burn?" He | glanced vacantly around;
saemed for the first time to see me. "Is
there anything," Waltered. "I can do?"
Even if the .words meant nothing, the
offer must have touched him. "No.
and a third, and with ft fourth got th«
lamp on the dispatchers' table lighted a»
•Blackburn answered the .superintendent.
"Something serious has happened," be re
plied to Bucks. "I aent lap orders at 1
o'clock for No. 1 and the Irving Special."
Bucks stared at him.
"Instead of making a meeting point at
O'Fallon's I sejnt One an order, to run to
O'Fallon's and ordered the special to run
to Bait Rocks against One."
•'Why, my God!" exclaimed Bucks, "that
will brine them together In— tho Peace
Canyon. Blackburn!—Blackburn!—Black
burn!" he cried, tearing off his "storm
coat.- He walked to the table, seized the
order book and steadied himself with one
hand on the chair. I never saw him llk»
that. But It looked as If the horror long
averted, the trouble In the Peace River
Canyon, had come. The sleet tore at the
old depot like a wolf, and with the sash
shivering', Bucks turned like an execu
tioner on hli subordinate. . ., ¦
"What have you done to meet It?" He
drew his watch, and his words came
sharp as doom. "Where's your wreck
ers? Where's your relief? What have
you done? What are you doing? Noth
ing? Why don't you speak? Will you
kill two tralnloads of people without an
effort to do anything?"
His voice rang absolute terror to me.'
I looked toward Blackburn perfectly help
less.
"Bucks, there- will be no wreck," he
answered steadily.
"Be no wreck!" thundered Bucks, tow
ering In the dingy room dark as the sweep
of the wind. "Be no wreck? Two pas
senger trains meet In hell and be no
wreck? Are you crazy?" ' '
The dispatcher's hands clutched at the
His steadfast manner staggered the su
perintendent. I could Imagine what- ha
was debating aa he looked at Blackburn
—wondering;, may be, whether the man'i
mind was gone. Bucks was staggered]
he looked It, and as he collected himself
to speak again the hall door opened Ilka
an uncanny thing, and we all started aa
Callahan burst In on us.
"What's so?" he echoed. "What's up
here? What did It mean, Blackburni
There's been trouble, hasn't there 1
What's the matter with you all? Bucks 1
Is/ everybody struck dumb?"
Bucks spoke. "There's a lap order out
on One and the theatrical Special, Calla
han. We don't know what's happened," 1
said Bucks sullenly. "Blackburn here has
gone . crazy— or h« knows—somehow
there | won't be any wreck," added the!
superintendent slowly and bewllderedly,'
"It's between O'Fallon's and Salt Rocka
some/fhere. Callahan,' take the key," '
cried ¦ of a sudden. "There's a call m
, "Bucks," he struggled, putting out •
hand toward his chief, "I am sure o!
what I say. There will be no wreck.
When I saw what I-had done^-knew It
was too late to undo It— I begged God
that my hands might not be stained with
their blood." Sweat oozed from the
wretched man's' forehead. Every word
wrung Its bead of agony. "I was an
swered," he exclaimed- with a strange
confidence, "there will bo no wreck. J,
cannot see what will happen. I do not
know what: but. there will be no wreck,
believe me or not—It Is so." i
The superintendent advanced. toward hln
as he spoke; there was a trace of pity li
his wordi that seemed to open Black,
burn's pent heart more than all the bit.
ternesa. ¦ * " . I
STORY
13
"THE COUGH IN LOWER SEVEN"
One of Spearman's very best, will
Be the feature of these pages in
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
#~~Ifs as fascinating as the title.-.
¦ And don't miss these
Two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes,"
"Lone Dog's I "Private Hogan
New Agent/' 1 Coward/'
And the Great Novel,
"THE GOLDEN FETICH/"It's finished," said Adam, almost re
gretfully. "Eden Is complete as far as
my work goes." ., ,«
They sat on the stone doorstep in the
twilight of a late July day. Tha girl was
looking pensively at the red sky.
"I am Adam," he announced, presenting
tha card, "and this is Eden I am making.
I fear I'm doing It badly," he added, with
a deprecatory wave toward the gouged
hedge.
"Rather," said the girl, her eyes spark
ling. "If you like, papa will lend you the
gardener."
"Oh, no," said Adam: "this is to be
an Eden of • my own making. Therein
lies tha charm."
"Eve, by Jove!" he asserted, as she
entered. . Then he returned to his hedge
trimming with a vigor which threatened
to exterminate it. f
After that they entered into the Jol
llest sort ; of friendship. Every morning
she called across the fence, "Good morn
ing." Mr. Adam. What is the latest bul
letin from Eden?" Whereat Adam would
perch on the fence and drolly relate his
experiences with the pruning shears or
the lawn mower, or he would set forth
his doubts .as to where the" raspberry
bushes should be set out. Summer waxed
and Eden grew.
was awkwardly lopping off the twigs,
when he became aware some one was
watching him from the other side of the
fence. He turned and saw a girl looking
at him ' from the depths of a sunbonnet.
She was an amazingly pretty girl, and
the laughter lurking ln her eyes was a
trifle disconcerting.
"Good morning," she said. ."Are you
our new neighbor?"
Breck doffed his hat and. fishing in his
vest pocket, found a card. He approached
the girl. :
The father seemed old and feeble. Les
lie saw him in the evening wandering
among the rose bushes on the lawn. A
girl of thirteen or fourteen was with him,
but "Elizabeth" did not appear.
In the morning he was starting for the
fields, when her voice came to him over
the high stone wall. "Madge." she called,
"come here and help me<carry this rug;
it's so heavyl" Madge was slow ln com
ing, but Leslie vaulted over the wall, and
ran up the steps of the little cottage. A
shapely head, covered with braids of soft,
brown hair, and two great, dark eyes
looked at him inquiringly.
, "Pardon me," he said, "but you called."
1 t'Yes," she replied; "I called my sister.
There was the soft swish of skirts ever
the grass, and then Leslie Wolcott awoke
to the fact that he had been eavesdrop
ping. Well, like other listeners, he had
Leard little good of himself. He lay star
ing up Into the leaves, trying lo imagine
what Fhzabeth Carter was like— this girl
who was "prejudiced against Mm." He
was Interested and slightly- piqued; the
more he recalled the conversation the
more Interested he became. His sister
was away — would not return for a month;
must he wait until Edith came home to
begin the acquaintance? No; he doubted
if Miss Carter would return her calL A
sudden inspiration came to him: The
farm hands called him "Mr. Leslie"— most
of them h«xl been on the place since he
was a boy— and it was as "Mr. Leslie"
that he would make the acquaintance of
his new neighbors.
tude as you have expressed!"
By Barry Preston t
(Copyrlght, 1303, by T. Cv* McClure.)
i. j^ ~~^ A T was * N mere whimsl-
ItVr^^^P^Tfl *Ji cal ldeft that P rom J >ted
Ikl^raiSw/H Adam Breck tc > "wing
*^jS< I suddenly round in his
'/^P^H^^^' | office chair that gray
fUv^B w«P 5) November day and say,
| {j^^Bfefflfo' 11 "Throw in tha farm" at
J_ x *JwTiiiiSr*fliiiii H Buttonwood, . Jimmy,
for good measure, and we'll close the deal
here and now." It was an equally whim
sical idea that sent Breck Up to Button
wood the following June to . inspect the
farm, for Jimmy Cregar had ; closed the >
deal then and there, and a deed to the"
place, duly drawn up; and recorded, had
reposed in a pigeonhole of Adam's desk
since' November.
That evening Adam sat on the stone
doorstep of his Buttonwood house. He
had been most happily disappointed In
the place. The house was a low, ram
bling story-and-a-half affair, in an excel
lent state of repair. An inviting piazza
ran along the northern side; the western
end . was half hidden , under : rambler rose
bushes . Just ' coming . Into bloom, and a
box-hedge divided his ; domain from the
road. To. tha 'left he 'could see the cozy
house of a nearby .neighbor, Dr. Thurs
ton, as Breck. learned from the lantern
above the gatepost next door. The peace
and quiet ; of the ; place appealed ; to him.
Seated there" ln the red twilight, Adam
suddenly, felt a desire to remain here— to
build up the place by his own efforts. Sell
it, rent it, give it away? No, Indeed. He
would build it into .a Jlttle . Eden of his
own devising.' And, the mood being strong
upon him, he trudged the mile and a half
to town;to telegraph for his effects.
' Early, next; morning Breck set to work.
With a pair of ancient pruning shears he
had found in * the shed he was trimming
• the hedge, which/somehow or other, was
not the simple task he had imagined. He
" 'Foresight!' " th"e girlish voice cried
Indignantly. "I've never met Mr. Wol
cott. and I've no desire to meet him. The
very fact that he is rich is enough to
prejudice me against him! What can
there possibly be to foresee?"
•That will do, Elizabeth! I had sup
posed a Carter Incapable of such ingratl-
"There, there!" the lady addressed as
"Aunt Hetty" replied, soothingly. "I
simply expressed my pleasure at your
father's unusual foresight in renting a
place rear Mr. Wolcott' s— a ~ young man,
who is not only wealthy, but well bred
and well educated."
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McClure.
r^* ** 4 ESLIE WOLCOTT
IT»:kj«><^N^S threw himself on the
r «;/£ rv^'fj'Al !' £ reen bench near the
Jttg Cj^jt'l stone wall; It was
- 'V.g i5A>/0 I bl £ maple. He had
1 Ty_ been ln th 0 fields all
1 ii ¦Tr =^ S= ~TTl " day. directing bis men
•and working with them. After nine
months in the dingy offices of Grant &.
Wolcott it was good to be ln the country
once more. He pulled his straw hat over
his eyes and made overtures to the "eand
man."
"I'll take a little nap," he Bald drowsily,
and then sat bolt upright. Some one on
the other side of the wall was speaking
his r.arr.e. It was a woman— a young
woman— and she was angry.
"Mr. Wolcott, indeed!" she was saying.
"Why, father had no idea he lived next
door when he rented this little place for
the summer. Father Isn't like you. Aunt
Hetty: he isn't always trying to marry
me off."
%eslle's face s flushed with pleasure. "It
was kind of Miss Elizabeth to say that,"
he murmured.* -
"Oh, she likes you ! But Aunt Hetty
is worried because Mr. Wolcott isn't at
home. You see she would like to have
Leslie knew her opinion of him. Madge
—child fashion— had repeated her aunt's
language. "My!" she said, "I* wish you
had seen Beth's eyes flash 1 She stood
up so straight and tall— like this— and she
said/ 'Please be careful how you speak
of my friends!' "
"I'm Leslie, tha overseer," he said re
assuringly. "May I lift the rug for you
now, Miss Carter?"
"Thank you," she said, and she thanked
him again when he carried it to the porch
and t spread it carefully on the floor.
Madge and her father came up, and she
introduced him to them, "Mr. Leslie,
father," she said; "Mr. Wolcott's over
seer." The old gentleman extended his
hand cordially. "Come over the wall, did
you?" he asked laughingly. "¦Well, come
over again— come often. I envy you the
ability to do so, young man."
In the days that followed Leslie made
the most of Mr. Carter's invitation, to
the evident delight of Madge and the dis
gust of Aunt Hetty, who complained that
she seldom found them alone now, when
she came out for, the day— "that forward
overseer was always there!"
She looked at him quickly— suspiciously,
he thought— and seemed relieved at the
sight of his blue overalls and old straw
bat. ;.;*;¦¦ v -
"N — no," he stammered; "I came to ask
you that question. I was on the other side
of the wall, and—"
Is there anything I can do for yon?"
"More Edens to conquer?" she asked,
lightly.
"Xo 1 w he said: "X want to complete thfij4
one." -
"You said It was finished." she said.
"I said my work on it was finished." he
returned. "Here is Adam," he went on,
"and here Is Eden. There's a dlscrepan- .
cy."
. "You won't have any troubla finding the
serpent," she observed.
"Eve came before the serpent." he said.*
"I should think," she said, "you'd
profit by example. Eve was the undoing
of the original garden."
"There'll be no serpent in this garden."
ha said. "I've made this solely for Eve.
Every flower-bed I have made, every drop
of paint I have put on, has been with the
thought of Eve. It's all for her."
"Then you had Eve in mind when you
came here?" she asked.
••yes." he fabricated, unblushingly.
"Oh," she said in a queer little voice.
"I've always-known her." he went on,
"from the time I was a child."
She was silent.
"I've always thought I'd males her an
Eden with my own hands. I hope she'll
be happy here. Do you suppose It will
suit her?" he asked, anxiously.
"It should," she said.
"Does it suit her?" he asked, rery
gently.
She started. "Pray, how do I know?"
she said, coldly.
He slipped an arm about her and drew
her close to him.
"I've always known her," he explained,
"but I never saw her until she looked
at me across a fence, and laughed at nit,
from the depths of a sunbonnet becausjfc
I gouged the hedge. Does it suit herT'
he repeated.
"Adam." There was a world of tender
ness in her voice.
"Eve," he said, gently.
I* By H. G. Canfield *
IN A MASQUERADE
.At the end of the month' Edith Wolcott
came home, and was . immediately taken
into : her brother's . confidence.
give me away when you call - there," ha
cautioned her.
"Not if I can help It," she said laugh
ingly. >
Elizabeth received her politely, but
Aunt Hetty, who was present, was, more
than cordial. : Vl'm bo glad that you and
your .. brother have returned, * Miss Wol
cott," she said: "There [ has been no one
for my nieces to associate with in your
absence." ¦ . . .
"You forget our 'friend, Mr. I^eslle,"
Elizabeth said quietly, and Edith Wol
cott's heart went out to her then and
there.
"Speak to her. -Leslie," she urged that
evening, "before she returns my call. I
can't keep youf~secret much longer."
-"I will now," he said determinedly. "I
caught a glimpse of her white dress oat
there in the moonlight. Wish me good
luck, little sister!" ' ¦
An hour later Edith heard his step on
the walk: she met him at the door, a
question in her eyes. "Congratulations V
she asked. x
"Yes, for 'Mr.. Leslie/ '¦ I'm Jealous of
that overseer!" "he said,'. smiling ruefully.,
"Beth was willing to take him for bet
ter or worse, but Leslie Wolcott she—"
"Oh, Edith cried. "She didn't reject
you, Leslie ?'•
"No; but I need your sympathy; she put
me on three months'. probation!"
him fall In love with' Beth and marry
her. 'Elizabeth/ she said, 'what will Mr.
Wolcott and his sister think when they
coma home and find that you hava , been
so intimate with their hired: man V v And
Beth said, 'They will think that I recog
nize a gentleman when I meet one/ I'm
sorry Aunt Hetty says such horrid things
about you." ', • '.;¦ '
"I'm glad." Leslie cried, to the amaze
ment of. his little friend.
EVE IN MODERN EDEN
and gray."
A new mining stock board was ©rga»
lzed in San Francisco and "Lucky" Bald
win was elected president. A grand ban
quet was given at the Palace Hotel to
members and invited guests. I was not
on the list of speakers and was at liberty
to enjoy tha dinner without being pos
sessed by tha awful apprehension that X
would forget my extemporaneous speech.
The first toast of the evening was *The
President of the 'Pacific Stock Board,"
and imagine my dismay when Mr. Bald
win responded by saying, "I am not a
speaker and I hava arranged with my
friend .Fitch to reply for me." My dis
claimers were, of no avail and I reluo
tantly responded. "In speaking at all,"
said I. "I wish It distinctly understood
that my name Is not Fitch but Baldwin,
that I am -for the tlma the mouthpiece
of tha president of the Pacific Stock
lftard and an that X sax must b« tnflaril
by you.
"I bar* been fortunate in acquiring
wealth," said L "and I U*l tt to b# my
duty to aid thoi e who, for lack of oppor
tunity or lack of > t'< am™*— » bar*
not been 'Lucky.' X h*v« watohad witS
Interest and admiration tha caroar of my
friend Fitch, and In order to duly express)
my kindly feeling for him and la order
to aid a worthy young mas, I bay* de
ttrmlned to -buy and carry a thomandl
¦hares of Sitrra Nevada for him." "It
¦hall be dona." said Baldwin, amid roars
of laughter. "X am fairly caught." But
ha didn't buy any Sierra Nevada for ma.
and It was Just as well for me and a food
deal better. for him, for If h» had don*
so, and carried it. he would have carried
It down hill, for it went from eighty dol
lars a share down to a dollar a share*
with certainty and celerity. .
. The next day Jacket stood at $8 per
share until just before the close of the
board, when It advanced to $10. The suc
ceeding morning It opened at $12 and ad-
maw prevented^me rrom becoming a mil
lionaire. It was ' in the middle '70's,
when the Comstock mines were yielding
their treasures at the rate of several mil
lions in silver and ,gold each month, and
the San Francisco stock / market was
booming with a mighty, boom. I was at
Virginia City on a business visit, when
there came a tap at my. room door about
10 o'clock at riight, and there entered a
miner from the Yellow ¦ Jacket mine,
whom I had successfully defended some
years before from a homicide charge and
who was grateful for the service. He in
formed me that he had charge of the
drilling machine in the mine," that he had
kept and assayed a handful of the bor
ings and that there was a large body of
rich ore that would soon be uncovered.
Jacket was then quoted at $S per share
on ,the San Francisco board. I had no
telegraphic cipher and was afraid' to send
an open dispatch, so I wrote a note to the
head of the firm of brokers In San Fran
cisco who had my account directing them
to sell all my holdings at market rates
and buy Jacket, and keep buying it to
the margin limits. This note I sent by
the midnight train, knAHng that it would
reach San Francisco before the close of
the stock market next day. A sale of my
stocks would have realized $2000 or $3000 —
enough to secure the purchase of a thou
sand shares of Jacket.
Several years afterward, on my return
from Arizona, I met on Montgomery
Btreet the head of the firm who I sup
posed had availed himself of -the secret
that the miner confided to me and so
robbed me of fortune. I .greeted him
coldly. He took ma by the arm, "Come
with me to my office," said he, "I have
something to show you." Arrived at his
vanced to $20, at which figure It closed.
If my brokers had purchased a thousand
shares at $10 the advance .would have se
cured the purchase of another thousand
shares or more ' and I telegraphed ' them,
asking, "How much Jacket did you buy
for me?" The answer was, "Do not un
derstand you. Have bought no Jacket,
for you." I took ." the train that night
and found on arrival that news of the
discovery- of bonanza was out and Jacket
was selling at $40 per share. The stock
brokers disclaimed the receipt of any let
ter from me. I believed that they had
really received it and had kept for their
own account the purchases made for me.
The next morning.^ Jacket opened at $80
per share. The proceeds of sales of all
my other stocks would not have served
to margin more than a hundred
and I did not invest at all, but watched
advance 510 at a time, until within
a week it reached $250 a share. If my
letter had been received and its instruc
tions followed, I would within fifteen days
have realized over $2,000,000. These figures
are not conjectural for those who, like
myself, were in the s secret, made five
times that sum out of > the strike In Tel
low Jacket i ,
. I related this incident to a friend, who
eald, "Don't you know I was in that
Jacket deal? I had a tip from one of
the Nevada Bank crowd and I ran a
thousand dollars up to a. hundred and
fifty thousand." "What did you do with
it?" said I. "Oh, I bought a raisin vine
yard for my wife down Fresno way with
twelve thousand of it, and as for the rest
—he huntmed softly from a popular tun*
— "There was a young ass who came from
Jerusalem, festive and gay, there was an
old ass returned to Jerusalem, foundered
private office, he pointed to a roller top
desk, .which had stood there for years.
"Thi3 ' morning," said he. "I threw back
.the 'top 'of .-this desk hurriedly and it car
ried with it a contract which my cleric
had placed there. In order to recover the
document I had the back. of the desk
taken off,' and found lying there this let
ter addressed in your handwriting, not to
thejflrm. but to me individually. The en
velope is creased and dusty, but as you
see 'it has never been opened, for I knew
that you were in town and waited until
I should see you. If It • had been directed
to the firm, your orders would have been,
carried out and. you would have been a
millionaire. Being addressed to me, a
clerk probably placed it In the . crack of
the desk and I. not noticing it. must have
opened the desk 'hurriedly and thrown it
into the receptacle where It rested until
this morning."
There was no more to be said, except
to express ardent wishes for the future
welfare and happiness of the inventor of
roller top -desks.
Somebody once' published an essay on
the total depravity of Inanimate things,
and it really seems at times as if there
were an imp of the perverse who guard
ed the movements of axes that fly off the
handle and of sidewalk planks that arise
and smite you in the face. I never see a
roller-top desk that I do not yearn to be
left alone with It for five minutes with a
good ax and the right to make kindling
wood of it* for It was a roller-top desk
whose faulty construction and ravenous
"This woman," said Judge Bullyrag of
a lady lawyer who had worsted him in a
legal contest, "ought to be In better bust,
ness than pursuing a man's vocation in
court. She had better be at home raising
babies." "A woman," replied the lady
assaulted, "had better be In any business
than raising babies to become such men
as you." -•,
Judge Lake ran for Assemblyman at a
special election t fill a vacancy, and to
the astonishment of everybody was de
feated by an opponent who had been only
a few months in San Francisco. "I ac
count for it In this way," said the Judge;
"those who knew my opponent and did
not know me voted for me. Those who
knew me and did not know my opponent
voted for him. Those who knew us both
kept away from the polls. My opponent
had been here only a few months, and I
had been here for years. As a result I
was defeated."
Judge Delos Lake was the wit of the
San Francisco bar. In beginning an ar
gument In the Supreme Court on an ap
peal from a Judgment rendered by a Dis
trict Judge, whose decisions had been al
most universally reversed, he said, "This
Is an appeal from a Judgment of the
Nineteenth District Court. But there are
other points In the case."
Sam Brannan, pioneer, capitalist and
ex-Mormon leader, waa one of the best
known characters In early Frisco. A
vender of candles walked up and down
Montgomery street bawling, "Here's your
line, fresh candies. Everybody buys them
—Sam Brannan buys them." Sam heard
the cry, and emerging from his otHce
stopped the candy man In the middle of
the sidewalk and eald, "What do you
mean, sir. by crying In this way that I
buy your candles?" "All right, Mr. Bran
nan," replied the hawker, "I will not
make the same assertion again." The
mollified Brannan expressed his satisfac
tion and returned to his office. A few
minutes later the voice of the candy man
came In at the window, "Here's your fine,
fresh candies. Everybody buys them ex
cept Sam Brannan— Sam Brannan don"t
buy them."
be down to the wharf to see you off—
and, captain, you need not buy any llquora
or cigars; you will find a few necessaries
of that sort In your stateroom."
Hooker went East, rie gained fame and
came out of the war with the double
stars Cf a major general on his shoulders
and Billy, a few months afterward, was
murdered by a drunken horse jockey,
whose dishonest practices on the turf he
had denounced. Chapman's funeral was
attended by hundreds of the leading men
of San Francisco. He was a professional
gambler, but he was. nevertheless, a
manly, generous, great-hearted .man.
Hooker and he are both in the other coun
try, and who shall say what is their
status there? ;.
Farmer Joe Hooker, down from his
ranch In Sonoma County, was seated at
Chapman's table late one night, smoking
his after dinner cigar. "What is the mat
ter, captain?" said Billy. "You seem
out of sorts." "I was wishing,"
replied Hooker, "that I was in the East.
I received a West Point education. I am
a trained soldier; I could be of service
to my country in this struggle, and her*
I am tied down to a ranch life In Cali
fornia, while the great contest Is going
on, merely because I lack the money to
clear o!T some little debts and' pay my
fare and expenses^to Washington." "How
much would it take to straighten you out,
captain?" said Billy. Hooker thought a
moment and replied, "Seven hundred dol
lars w&uld do It." Chapman arose, went
to the eafe, pulled out two rolls of twen
ties and returned. "Here Is a thousand,
captain," said he; "take It and go. I
wish I could go with you, but I am not
quite willing to go as a private and they
would not give an officer's commission
to a faro dealer. No, I don't want any
thanks; it's mighty little for me to do
for the country. Now go home and go
to elecp and to-morrow get ready. The
steamer will sail the day after. I will
• ' • ¦'¦¦' •
Chapman's was to the Callfornlan of
those days what Almack's was to the
Uondon swell of the eighteenth century.
The terrapin and turkey and wines served
jt his semi-weekly banquets attracted
'Jhe Judges and journalists and lawyers
tnd leading business men of the city,
many of whom had permanent Invitations
to attend. No guest was expected to play
at the faro table In the adjoining apart
ment unless he desired to do so and
"Billy" often privately discouraged from
gambling those, whom he knew could not
afford to lose.
• • •
glTFOKS the overland railroad was
begun, before Sumter was, fired
•opun. before the Comstock mines
were discovered. San Francisco
v.-as an isolated, active, cosmopoli
tan gathering of sixty thousand people.
The adventurous waifs of all climes,
color* classes and conditions were drawn
by a golden msgr.et to the shores of the
tar Pucir.c. The social and business life
cl the busy little city was alert, feverish
and unconventional. In the absence of
ur.y telegraphic communication, or of
other than a tri-monthly mail, three
week* o:d. local happenings were exag
gerated by an enterprising press, and the
acerbities of personal journalism were re
strained only by a wholesome dread of the
operations of the code duello. The Cali
lurnia millionare had not then been
evolved, for the possession of one-tenth
of thai sum was the signal for its owner
to purchase a steamer ticket for "home,"
and extreme poverty entaiied no physical
suffering in a land where the thermome
ter never fell to the freezing point, and
crbere the overflow of the market stalls
rolled into the streets.
Ned Knight was a local editor on the
Alta He was a bon vivanU a racon
teur and a practical joker. To an ama
teur sheepralser he loaned— but refused
to tell— a full blooded mongrel dog. who
claimed him as his master. "The ani
mal " said Ned. "is untrained, but I am
told that lie can count a great shepherd
<i<>8 among his ancestors. I am advised
that the way they train a young collie
**in Scotland is to tie him to the bell
wether every night for a v eek— suppose
you try it?" The sheep mat. did try it—
"for one night only. The dog gnawed
away his fetters, killed seven Bheep and
fled the realm. On his return to San
Francisco he was adopted by the saloons,
was rr.ade a pet by the reporters, and un
der the name of "Bummer" achieved a
place In the history of the bay city.
• • '¦'¦?&:
"Talk about economy In living." said
Ned Knight, "why. I can give Thoreau
points. I lived and lived well in San
Francisco for three months at a cost of
lift. 1 was appointed by the court keeper
tit a furnished house that was In chan
cery. I slept there and gave the keeper's
fees to an old colored woman in ex
change for a cup of coffee every morning
and laundry service. - The noon lunches at
the saloons gave me my breakfasts. I
dined and wined and obtained my cigars
at Whipple's cr Chapman's or Brlggs'. I
read the newspapers at the Alta office;
there were no cars, and my sole expense
was for boot blacking, which, at 10 cents
a shine, consumed my 510 capital in about
three months."
Tlae Golden Gate
THis Is
tlhe Sixrtli of
Tfoese
Clever
Articles.
TELE SUNDAY CALL.
RECOLLECTION AND REFLECT
IONS OF THOMAS FITCH
14And he used his whip so much, 'tis said, that his racer ran away. .
Cool-headed Johnnie Gherkin was the jockey. on another,
' And his riding brought great pleasure to his idolizing mother.
Astride the other speedy colt— a charming chestnut bay"—
Was the eager little Sugar Pear in colors bright and gay. ~ .
When Judge Carrot shouted ' ' Go I" th e excitement was intense,
And Crookneck's gelding reared and pranced and tried to jump a fence.
While the fractious steed was "cutting up," the others ran so fast
That Crookneck saw his chances fade and felt 'sure he must be last.
11 '-\ . . ¦ ' ' ¦ " '¦ . ¦ '• :; ' ¦ - 1 ' \ .¦:-: ¦'.• ¦ .' ¦•'
Down the track the leading colts came tearing, neck andneck,
With old Crookneck left so far behind he looked much like a speck. ;;*
But when the final stretch was reached the leaders tripped and fell
And threw their riders over their heads in a way that I can't telL
While Gherkin and young Sugar Plum were sprawling on the track, '
.Old Crookneck taw his one last chance and gave Ms hone a whack.
The dapple-gray sped toward the wire like a streak of lightning blu»,
The heavy jockey keeping cool and riding good and true. •• '
The fallen riders tried to resume, but their horses would not stand,
And Crookneck Squash rushed under the wire to the musio ef the *«™* t
It grieves me, pets, to tell you that the joyous day was marred,
And the ones that caused the trouble should have been quickly tanned
and tarred.
Immediately ; after the running race young Garlic, rough, uncouth,
Picked a quarrel with little Pepper red, a sweet and harmless youth.
* After a desperate mix-up, in which Tomato was badly maimed, --
Young Garlic was roughly rushed to jail and before a judge arraigned.
He was sentenced to spend c month or two in a dungeon dark and drear,
1 Where the solitude and spooklings chilled his heart with greatest fear.
!?oor Tomato, 'twas later found, was so seriously mashed and bruised'
That the doctors put ™ m in a jar and to all admittance refused.
The sufferer, sweets, grew worse and worse, and the doctors gave up hope,
u.nd in connection with young Garlic the populace talked of rope.
1 Tomato went to pieces before they strung the miserable wretch up,
And the doctor's jury said it was simply a serious case of "ketchup.'*
' The committee on arrangements made plans a later day
To hold- a baseball tournament and named the ones to play.
'Twas decided that one nine should be composed of players lean
' And that fat and chubby players should make up the other team.
The committee chose old Water Melon to wear a captain's cap,
. And old Water Melon said that he would drive the lean team off the map.
: Tommy Parsnip, slim and tall, was to lead the other nine,
And these selections, said every one, were wise and good and fine.
The committee named as umpire the Honorable Grandpa Prune,
Who didn't know the difference between a baseball and the moon.
miMBMWiLia| HE county fair at Pumpkinton was held a week ago,
RJ 53JJ ¦^ nd hosts of fruit and vegetable folks were present at
l^BBnal T* 1 * committee en arrangements, whose head was Pippin
Spared neither cash nor energy to amuse toe jolly crowd.
The rich and dazzlin g Floral Hall was like a paradise
With its wealth of dainty handiwork and things so very nice.
Among the fine exhibits was a quilt by Grandma Prune,
Which was by far the craziest thing shown there in many a moon.
Among the jams and marmalades that occupied great space
Were the best things that could be produced by the housewives of this
A combination salad — made of clover tops and grass-
Won a prize and brought great comfort to old Auntie Sassafras.
Machinery Hall was visited by almost every one,
And the /exhibits there were quite the best e'er seen in Pumpkinton.
Balloon ascensions every day were made by Damson Plum,
Who said the high and dangerous flights were the Jolliest sort of fun.
Sut the feature of the county fair was a special running race,
In which three hobby horses fine fairly flew through space.
Crookneck Squash, the lumbering one, rode a frisky dapple-gray, . I .'
THE FUNDAY CALL.
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM
OF WONDERFUL THINGS
15THESE ere the names ,of the •
eixty lucky children who won
prizes in the puzzle contest—
the Naiaes of Things sesn on
a Farm— published in The Sunday
Call cf October 11:
Opal Davison, 844 Fifty-eighth
street, Oakland; Walter Klein, 2203
Polk street, San Francisco; Lea Mc-
Kenna, 43 4 Valencia street, San
Francisco; Louisa Higel, Vallejo; M. .
Robison, 235 Hayes street, San Fran
cisco; Margaret Cowell, Stockton;
Carrie Bemley, 257 Lexington ave
nue, San Francisco; Myrtle Thomas,
675 Linden avenua, San Francisco;
Jessie Baldwin, Stockton; Irving
Martin, Stockton; A. Huber, 1308
Polk street, San Francisco; George
Mclntosh, Marysville; Balphine
Mills, Woodbridge; Dorothy . Cramp,
621 Florida street, Vallejo; Eunice
Cramp, 621 Florida street, Vallejo;
Ebba Braese, 2622 Folsom street, San
Francisco; Harold McCarthy, San
Jose; Claire Johnson, San Pablo;
Dorothy Duncan, 904 McAllister
Btreet, SanvFranciEco; Johnnie Pier
ano, Angels; Florence Holland, Sai»
Rafael; Louis Garat, 2502 Washing
ton street, San Francisco; Lois Lyon,
320 Sixth avenue, San Francisco;
Hazel McFarlane, Sebastopol; Lottie
Brown, Hilton; Lester Quail, Stock-,
ton; Alice Hopkinson, 310 Montcalm
street, San Francisco; Laurel Baker,
Berkeley; Dave Greenberg, 910 Har
rison street, San Francisco; F. T. Mix,
Burlingame; Frieda Klein, 2 2 0 6
Polk street, San Francisco; Clarence
Dow, Lodi; Bert Dougherty, 501
Montgomery avenue, San Frtyicisco;
Eva Malick, Elmkurst; Herbert Pas
tene, 26 Stone street, San Francisco;
Arthur Couell, East Oakland; Violet
March, Stockton; Ruth Wiles, Tulare;
Julliette Poole, Stbckton; Ina Dun
lap, Oakdale; Arthur Kennedy, 1630
Market street, San Francisco; Lowell
Entler, Los Angeles; Ray McCabe,
Volta; Loris Walker, East Oakland;
Miriam Alvord, Vallejo; Louise
Moke, Santa Rosa; Julia Albach,
South Berkeley; Harry Coleman, 187
Perry street, San Francisco; Edna .
Peterson, 424 Lily avenue, San Fran
cisco; H, C. Bronson, Sacramento;
Nelson Jacobs, 1319 Pacific avenue,
Alaxneda; Lloyd Evans, 1635 Page
street, San Francisco; Marc Morris
6ey, Or land; Cyrus HJchir? bother,
Stockton; Quita Stevens, Lakeport;
Frank Parker, Sacramento; Ruth
D«wey, 1525 Scott street, San Fran
cisco; Louise Lang, 1506 Ellis street,
San Francisco; Ben Osborn, Watson
ville; Charity Edgecomb, 478 Hobart
street, Oakland.
PRIZE
WINNERS
OF OCT. 11.
These Pictures Represent Nine of the Longest Rivers
in the Word --- Name Them and Win
a Valuable Prize
T <*tfRRAH, Children! something new and exciting is happening on thia page every Sunday, isn't
Lj: there? To-day it is something that wiU make you shout for Joy, and if yon are one of the lucky
|J dinners, will keep you sd busy reading that you will scarcely have time fox play. Must be some
* V thing very nice, don't you think so, if it is exciting enough to make you want to read Instead of
play?' Well, it is I It iSr-now pay strict attention — it Is a BRAND NEW LIST OP BOOKS TO
CHOOSE I rBOM.*' Isn't v that the Jclliest thing that could have happened? The other list of books vu
good,' but "this tf.betterif Just read it over for yourself and see if you don't think so too.
;•£¦:¦¦•¦ And whaVdo ypu think of the Honorary Gallery of Prize Winners to-day? All girls, aren*t theyf
Funny that it should h^ve happened that way, isn't itP Well, that is because some pf the pictures do not
make goodi*alf 'to*nes, w which means that they are too small or too indistinct "or x too much, faded or too
badly scratched I in coning through the mails to print well! ...
So reinemberrtfiis: You will .all have a chance not only to win. a prize, but to gefyour picture
published»as i well. The. Puzzle Editor .wants all prize winners from now on to "send In their pictures — the
whole sixty "every 'week'' if possible:'. Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier. There can't
be • too many. But" remember fonly the -prize winners can have their pictures published.
> "EacbT of the Nine pieties v in this,' theininth contest of the FIFTH grra-TRB of Name Puzzles, rep
'resents one t of the longest rivers in the world. 'Can you guess? Ah! There is rich reward for you if you
can. Now is your chance. Remember there will be a SPECIAL $5 and $10 prize for the highest percent*
age of the whole thirteen' weeks of the Fifth Series.
"And now listen carefully: THERE ARE SIXTY PRIZES, and this is what you must do to win
one of themt' r •-'•' ...
• ¦ - rind the name of nine cf -the world's longest rivers represented by the Email Puzzle Pictures on
this page, and /write them out > in • full in the space opposite the ; proper ¦ corresponding number provided
for the purpose in the coupon on' this page, as per directions; fill in the coupon with your name and ad?
dress and the' prize you desire^-if you. win~and : send : the picture, with the coupon attached, to the EDI
TOBOPi THE -NAME ; PUZZLE * PAGE, Sunday, Call, San Francisco, Cal. y
REMEMBER-— Xo the FIRST SIXTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the Nine Name Puzzles cor
rectly* one of these SIXTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
- v'inddon't forget this next point, because it Is very important: ALL ANSWERS 3MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE i BY- FRIDAY NOON. This gives^all those in the. country an equal chance to compete.
¦Road everythinglonVthis page, t to., be sure that yon overlook nothing.that will help you to win a prize.
i WINNERS WELL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
' yWO .WEEKS \ FROM ".T^O-DAYTKKrovember 8. • «r, ¦ c
'These we N the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the
puxzlea.corwctlyT A JjWonder Book, by Hawthorne; Evangeline,' by Longfellow; The Fairy Land of
Scdenc^ ; by]Buckley;"^ek v Hero«s, by ¦KIngsley; Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Carroll; Old
Christmas, by ¦Irving^The Water Babies, by '';' Kin'gsley; A Child's Garden of Verses, by Stevenson; Jes-
First Prayer,* by Strettbn; Christie's Old OTgan, by Walton;' The Sketch Book, by Irving; Kava
1 nagh, byll^ngfellowV^Cranford,^ by Gaskell; The Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan; The Cricket on the
Hearth^ by 'Dickens; T^he Tafes fromi Shakespeare, by Lamb; Treasure ' Island, by Stevenson; Adventureg
of » Browniei-by Mulbck; Laddie and Miss Toosey's Mission and The Maglo.Nnts by Mole«wort2u
„ . 0R'"A BOX OF SUPERFINE 'FRENCH PAINTSL
THE SUNDAY OAIili.
OUR NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
P«ti Francisco:
Below In their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine of the Lonff-
est Rivers in the World rep-
resented in t**« week's Name
1 «
2
5 ...................•••••••••
6
7
8
9 •••
October 25, 1003.
Name ......... .«.*•....•«.•••••
Street or P. O. ... • >• . .*••.«•• • •
dty ....... • V.*.. • «. . •tia>. mb
State . .......I. «•*>.. «.«cnr*«a.«
If I win I chooa* for pctM
0m Ubrt at Trim)
TWENTY BRAND NEW PRIZES TODAYSunday Call Comic SectionTHiL feUlsDA\ CALL,THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CAtiti.During the summer Burton and his as
sociates on the committee have been busi
ly employed gathering data and making
personal inspections of various projects
which will be brought to the attention of
Congress this winter.
Associated with Burton on that com
mittee are Representatives Rufus Lester
of Savannah, the senior Democratic mem
ber of the minority: D. S. Alexander of
Buffalo, B. B. Dovener of West Virginia,
is opposed to the passage of a
general river and harbor appropriation
bill during the coming Congress, there
Is a strong probability that many Repre
sentatives will urge such a bill and it
is by no means hopeless. Representative
Burton of Ohio was chairman of the
Committee on Rivers and Harbors dur
ing the last two Congresses. He in all
probability will be reappolnted to that
position by his old friend and companion.
Representative Cannon, when the latter
is formally installed in the Speaker's
chair.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G . STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.-
Notwlthstandlng the announce
ment that Representative Cannon
Special Dispatch to The C&U.
River and Harbor
Bill May Pass
Despite Him
SPEAKER CANNOT MAY FIND
OPPOSITION TO HIS PLANT
ROME. Oct. 2f-P O p e rius x hag £<
prised his Intention to proclaim a Jubilee
year on the occasion of the fiftieth «nnl
versary of the proelamatio.. by Pius IX
en Dumber 2. 1S54. of the dogma of tie
immaculate conception. •"•«*• "«
PoDe to Proclaim a Jubilee,
Judge Hook to Succeed Caldwell.
- WASHINGTON, Oct . 24.— Soon after
Congress' convenes. the President /will send
to the' Senate the nomination . of .. Judge
William C* Hook'as Circuit Judge for the
Eighth ; Circuit to ; succeed ."Judge Henry
CaldwelL "• Judge 'Hook !s . now. District
judge of Kansas City. .Ills successor on
the j district - bench - has not 5 been . . agreed
upon, but probably, will be at- a. meeting
of 'the Kansas. delegation^ In. Congress to
be held soon .after the . extraordinary ses
sion'convenes.' * :
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— John Walsh.' J.
p. Flanlganand William Gould, all em
ployed in the factory .of the Hartford
Carpet Corporation Company In this city,
were arrested to-day, charged with rab
blr.g the company of wool to the valu. of
525,000 during the past two months. The
prisoners are supposed to have dispose-J
of their plunder to a junk dealer in whose
shop several bales - of .stolen wool were
found.
Charged "With Bobbing Employers.
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. , 24.— Robert
Forbes, a wealthy citizen of Carbondale,
found to-day that a "gold brick" he had
purchased three weeks ago in' this city
for $5000 was composition; metal' .worth
probably 50 cents. A faker induced him to
believe he was a long lost nephew from
New Mexico, .-and mine' owner, with "a
brick to sell. A Topeka "chemist',' as
sisted and Forbes came .to this city_ and
drew the. money from the bank. To-day
Forbes recel\;ed. a letter tfrom ' the
"nephew" exposing the scheme. *
$5000 for 50-Cent Gold Brick.
Colombian Liberals Arrested.
— .,.>, Oct. :4.-Many Lib
rrals were arrested at Carthagena Octo
ber 16 and it i5r expected that the Govern
ment will take similar steps in other parts
of that dcpartrm-nt. as the- authorities are
SL«3§5£S ° f concluslvc evidence that
public urder is menaced, which is causing
•'Since' Thursday electric discharges
have. been noticed on the eastern side of
the Andes. \ Rumblings were heard, near
the towns this morning and ashes fell for
three-quarters of an hour.
\: "Cotapaxl has been active .for some
time past. It is not believed that there is
any danger, although it Is recalled that
in 18T7,thV. volcano was active some days
before ' li' made its formidable eruption/'
Volcano • Is Again , Active, and Dis
astrous Eruption of 1877
Is Recalled.
GUAYAQUIL, Oct. 24.— The Cotapaxl
volcano has been active for the last few
day's. ' ~~) ?..) ,.\ ..... S;'^-?s
; The Nadon of this city to-day pub
lished a dispatch from Quito, dated yes
terday, as follows: . , .
COTAFAXTS BUMBLINGS
ALARM THE VILLAGERS
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 24.— It is es
timated that the loss to grape growers in
the Itiwanda district as the result of the
recent rains will amount; to fully $10,000.
Reports from there are -to the effect that
the growers will lose on an average of one
and a half cents a pound. Notwithstand
ing this loss* the growers declare' that
they will make a large profit- on this
year's crop and -that the future of the in
dustry is so encouraging' that ? several
thousand acres will be set out to vines In
March. Other sections in this county re
port losses. '
Losses to Grape Growers.
jj ASHLAND, \ Wls., Oct. 23.— The | Shores
block, .caught fire at. 12:30' o'clock this
morning; and at 1 o" clock the 'flames had
gained such- headway that ' the building
was. practically destroyed.
•The Northwestern road . telegraph ope
rators were driven -out of the building by
the smoke shortly, after the. fire Vwas dis
covered. The loss will be $150,000..
.: Several t, sensational . rescues -were made
through' the third-story. windows.' One
woman and a^ half dozen; men. were car
ried by' the firemen down ladders. Others
may" be-'in. the building. The Intense
smoke makes . further work of . rescue im
possible and loss of life is feared.
Shores : Block in Ashland Destroyed
v and All Inmates May Not
Have Escaped.
LOSS ;. OF, ' LIFE FEARED
IN ? A WISCONSIN . FTBE
Robert P. Skinner. American Consul
General at Marseilles, who is to push his
way into Abyeslnia for the purpose of ne
gotiating a commercial treaty and estab
lishing diplomatic relations with that
country and who is also empowered to in
vite Emperor Mcnelik to visit the St
Louis Exposition and to provide for an
Abyrsinian exhibit there, will begin his
voyage from Marseilles to-morrow. He
ehows no apprehension that Menellk will
be absent when he arrives.
PARIS, Oct. 25.— According to the Cairo
correspondent cf the Figaro the Emperor
and Empress of Abyssinia will shortly
?tart for Jerusalem, where the Empress
will tpend the winter, while Emperor
Menellk will visit Europe.
Consul General . Skinner Beady to
Start on Journey to Emperor
Menelik's Capital.
ABYSSINIAN BULEBS
TO VISIT JERUSALEM
¦.'" Several months ago, when the franchise
fight Twa's on in earnest here, i Huntington
sent i to- New York his '. resignation '. as * a
member. of, the directorate and as one of
theXvice presidents the - Southern \ Pa
cific. ' To-day"; it was ; that ; the
resignation has been' 'withdrawn, (which
means in "the \ light (of ! the HarrimanVpur
'chase".of interest' in]the Huntington prop
erties • that : the . two magnates will ; work
together. In the railroad business, whether
it 'be steam W'electrtcrf
Santa -Barbara; Riverside, Santa 'Ana and
other points; 'even,: Including, a line to Ba
kersfleldvand ; thence north .the
San. Joaquin < : Valley. . The -. purchase by
Harriman of an interest in the Huntington
companies means the withdrawal ; "of ; the
opposition by ¦ the ¦ Southern Pacific to the
construction of these ; competing lines, j -.
The answer received has been most un
favorable and v consequently the idea
of ..the visit, Is considered to have been
abandoned, owing to/ a* fear of the Im
pression which- would be made on, • the
Catholics of' Spain* if the Pope refused to
receive their sovereign. ' - ', •
.. ROME, i Oct. 24.— King Alfonso of Spain
has caused Inquiries to be made as to
the attitude the Vatican would adopt
should he decide to visit the King of
Italy. -' • ' - r .- ; .' : :<'- : ' v
Answer to'Inquiry; Concerning ~Pro
.. posed Trip to Borne Is Most
: • , Unfavorable/
VATICAN DISCOURAGES
VISIT FAOM: ALFONSO
¦ .Huntingtbn's' plans .include >;the .building'
of eleitric'- lines* paralleling 1 .; the 'Southern
Pacific : to ; various * points j: contiguous V to
Los* Angeles,** the system extending ; to
That there was an; understanding, be
tween Huntingtonand Harriman as to tho
electric railway business, in .this end v of
the State - has'; been *; known * for ; a ; long
time, but it vwas not -known .-until to-day
that this understanding carried with It 'a
personal Interest of ; Harrimari' 'ln^the
Huntingdon properties.,', V v ..; * X""- ,:
J, During the recent '. contest for f ranchl ses
in Los Angeles ¦ Harriman opposed Hunt-'
ington to the extent, of certain
franchises at .extremely high "prices- arid
for .a' time ' there, was a. prospect of ! ai serf-'
ous clash between- the -.two,] but;, this} was
settled at a'conference b'etween" them .'held
in iSan "Francisco, when'.; Harrimari % was
last in that city. - . i>'.V'ii '.'¦"* '••"-• H it'i
Only recently Huntlngtpn's corporations
increased their capital stock from $10,
000,000 to $20,000,000, and. the actual cash in
vestment of . Harrlman I ' In the I electric
roads of this part ..of .the ; State will
amount to more than $7,000,000. This does
not mean that Harrlman personally has
put any such sum of money into electric
lines, but it means that he and his' friends,
the exact number of whom is not known,
have Interested themselves :. ffi the Hunt '•
lngton properties. . ; ¦'. .' ;\ . v»;
LOS ANGELES, Oqt.- 24.— In his stupenr
dous task j of \ grldironlng | Southern ''Cali
fornia with electric railways H. . E. Huni
ihgton is to . be associated with President
Harrlman of the' Southern Pacific. It was
announced. to-day thatTHarrlmah has pur
chased at least one-third of the stock of
the Pacific Electric Railway, Company and
other corporations of which "Huntington
is the head. "' . ' '
Special » Dispatch ; to The Call.
Thirteen events were contested to-day
and some good work was done. Ukiah
won by a score of 66 to 58 points. In the
mile relay race Oakland broke the High
School record, running it In 3:21. Oakland
also took all In the broad Jump. Uklah
took everything in the shot-put, in the
mile run Brynes, U. H.- S., ,was first.
Time, 5:013-6. Cunningham, U. H. S., was
first in the hammer-throw. Dozier, !o. H.
fi., second. The weather was perfect and
the Oakland boys were delighted with
the treatment they received. Ukiah wIP.
now hold the Ewert cup for one year at
least. V^V'l
UKIAH, Oct. 24.-Tbe field day contest
between the Ukiah and Oakland High
schools athletic teams for a $50 cup
put up by A. H. Ewert of Ukiab. two In
three, was pulled off at the Uklah track
to-day. Oakland was the winner. In the
series of league contests recently closed
at Berkeley, and Ukiah challenged the
winner. . •;,]'-
The Students in Mendocino Triumph
Over Oaklandera in Some Close
Contests.
UKIAH HIGH SCHOOL
A FIELD-DAY WINNER
BERLIN, Oct. 24.^-Emperor William
was present' to-day at the unveiling of
monuments at Kuestrln. Prussia, to
mark the grave of Johann, who built the
fortress at Kuestrln, and another in
memory of Frederick, the Great Elector.
Replying to a toast the Emperor, after
reviewing the life and works of the
Great -Elector, said:
"We must learn from such lives re
spect for our superiors and obedience to
the crown and parental influences.
From these qualities spring patriotism
anil subordination of the personal 'ego*
to the well-being of the community,
which is what is needed in these days."
Says Respect for the Crown Is What
Is Needed in These
Days.
KAISER WILHELM URGES
OBEDIENCE TO HIMSELF
OREGON CITY, Or.. Oct. 24.— The huge
lump of Iron found on a farm near this
city recently Is a meteor.. An assay has
been made and it is. found to be almost
pure Iron with traces of nickel.' It Is ex
cessively tough and broke several back
saw blades in efforts to cut- off - small
pieces. The weight is estimated at about
twenty-five tons. • . . , . '
. It was; found : nearly burled In ths
ground and Had apparently been thdv for
years. , When struck with a metallic sub
stance it rings like a bell..
Lump of Metal Found on a Farm
Came From the
OREGON CITY'S IRON
AN OLD-TIME METEOR
Railroad Magnates
Enter Vast Gom-
Vii ti o t"i irwi ¦
Ullld/ uJLUlli
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— A meeting of
the army board of fortification and ord
nance, of. which General Gillespie is pres
ident, .will be held in this city on No
vember 5 and it is expected that a report
will be submitted by Professor Langley
on the, subject of the recent experiments
with his : flying machine near Wldewater,
Va. A report on the same subject also is
expected from Major M. M. McComb,' ar
tillery corps, ;who made j observations of
the tests of the machine by direction of
the board, .- whose interest In the matter
was due to the fact that it had made an
allotment" of $50,000 to defray the, costs of
the experiments. -
It is understood that the matter is to be
again, considered by the board with a
view to making a further , allotment for
another test. ..- ; .. • , *"-;;-;.'.
Army Board to Consider Further Al
i lotment of Money for Fly
ing Machine.
LANGLEY WILL SUBMIT
BEPOBT OF EXPEBIMENT
HUNTINGTON
HAS PARTNER
IN HARRIMAN
There has been no river and harbor bill
for two. years and one is due, according
to precedent, during the coming Con
gress.
J. H. Bankhead of Alabama, S. M. Spark
man of Florida and James McLachlan of
California. All of these gentlemen and
the other members of the committee, with
one or two exceDtlons, have been '., re
elected to the Forty-eighth Congress.
Nearly all of them probably will be re
assigned to the River and Harbor Com
mittee because of their familiarity with
the various auestions involved in river
and harbor legislation. They wield con
siderable Influence In the House and they
have on previous" occasions mustered suf
ficient strength to-force the passage of
a river and harbSr bill in spite of the
opposition of the Speaker and other econo
mists who do not represent commercial
constituencies.
DARING EXPLORER WHO APPEALS FOR FUNDS FOR HIS ARCTIC
EXPEDITION. AND FUTURE SPEAKER, AT WHOSE PROGRAMME
REPRESENTATIVES IN CONGRESS MAY BALK.
: "On my plan . and with my methods an
expedition which would in all probability
reach the -pole can be fitted out for two
years at a cpst of. $150,000. The only ex
pensive item * In that outfit will be a
powerful, ship which sha:r carry me to
the northern shores of Grant. Land. We
have spent and . are spending hundreds
of thousands of dollars for an idea or a
principle. Taker a single example,' the
national^ yacht '¦ races. ', A* reliable New
York paper said recently , that the cost
of the' last yacht races to the American
side alone was in , the • neighborhood of
$900,000, and that *it' has cost us to defend
the cup in the last five years about $2,
200,000... . , . . .; ., , ; .
"For less than one-fourth. of- the- former
sum- and less "than one-t«"htti of the lat
ter, we can get the pole. The ayndlcate
that 'lifts the pole' will have no successor
and. can never be beaten. The winning
of a yacht race Is a matter of to-day;
the winning of the . pole Is for all time.
As a master of - valuable: additions to
geography and science it Js, worth while.
The head of the Smith. Sound route is the
one point- from- which can be reached and
welded the links still lacking to make of
the Arctic, exploration, a finished Job." '
National Geographical Society \ to
night, put forward- his- polar expedition
In the shape of a national sporting prop
osition. He hopes to organize among
loyal and patriotic American citizens a
syndicate, to ."lift" the, north pole. This
is the way he appealed to his' hearers to
night:' " \ .
CALL BUREAU, ,1406 G STREET,
1 N. W., .WASHINGTON, Oct. \ 24.-,
« Lieutenant < Robert E. • Peary. • In
, an address -to <the members of the
Special - Dispatch to " The Call
SOUTHWOOD. N. J.. Oct. 24. — As
suddenly as he disappeared last April,
wandering, demented, his mind a blank,
all over the country. Dr. Henry H. Cate.
the proprietor of a sanitarium here, has
recovered his memory. It all came back
to him while he was reading a medical
book in a sanitarium In Goshen, N. Y.,
where he had been sent several weeks
ago. Dropping the book he started up
and exclaimed. "I have been a physician
and had a sanitarium at Lakewood."
Dr. Cate then described what had oc
curred from the time he left Lakewood
on a visit to New York, where he regis
tered at the Hotel Albert. The day
after his arrival he went out for %
walk and did not return. His empty
pocket-book was found early the next
morning under a pile of lumber. It was
said that the pocket-book had contained
$2000. There was notning but the phy
sician's cards and the return ticket to
Lakewood in the pocket-book. Although
his friends had a general alarm sent
out for him all over the country no
word of his whereabouts was received
until he was discovered by, his brother
in-law in Poughkeepsie. N. Y. It was
said he had visited Norfolk, St. Louis
and Kansas City in the course of hia
wanderings.
Darkness.
SANITY IS RESTORED
TO, DEMENTED PHYSICIAN
Dr. Henry H. Cate Suddenly Recovers
. Memory After Months of Mental
WJleox was restless and Indefatigable
in po'.iticaJ affairs, end led two principal
revolutions against the powers in control
of the Government, one July SO, 1SS3, and
the other in January. 1S95, the latter prin
cipally to restore Queen Lilluokalani to
the throne. He failed in both, however,
mainly for want of proper foresight in
providing arms and equipments for the
struggle. In the first case he was. on
trial, acquitted by a jury of his country
men, but in the latter he was sentenced
to death by a court-mcrtlal of the Dole
Government- On the Intervention of the
United States, however, the sentence was
commuted to thirty-five years' Imprison
ment at hard labor and a fine of $10,000.
In January, 1S06, he was given a condi
tional pardon by President Dole, and In
2823 a full pardon. In November, 1900, he
was elected by the Independent Native
party as the first Delegate to the Con
gress of the United States from Hawaii,
defeating Samuel Parker, the Republican]
and Prince David, the Democratic nomi
nee. This election was for the unexpircd
part cf the Fifty-sixth Congress, and at
the same time was held that for the full
term of th« Fifty-seventh. The eame
candidates were up for both, and
Wilcox en the las* received 4108 votes,
against SS45 for Parker and 1656 for Prince
David. :T>
Robert William WIlcox was a native
Hawaiian, being' born on the island of
Maui February 15, 1S53. His father was
a riEtive^o^^ewpcrt. , P.. I., while his
mother was "a full-blooded kanaka, with
the tlood of the Kings of Maui in her
vein*. He was educated first In the
"Haleakaia Boarding School." Makawao.
on the island of Maui, and later, from 1SS1
to 1SS5, at the Royal Military Academy,
Turin. Italy, where he was made a sub
lieutenant of artillery. In 1SS5 he entered
the Royal School for Engineers and Ar
tillery Officers at Turin, where he re
mained until recalled by the Hawaiian
Government in 1SS7. In 1SSS he \ras elect
ed to the Legislature from Walluku,
Maul, In 1S39 from Honolulu and In 1692
from Koolauloa, Oahu.
Peary Appeals for
Aid to "Lift"
the Pole.
consumption. His death was un
expected and was due to severe
hemorrhages. Wilcox was the Home Rule
candidate for Sheriff end was In the
midst of an active campaign. Overexer
tion brought on hemorrhages. There Is
great mourr.ir.g among the natives, with
whom, owing- to his Hawaiian blood, Wil
cox was very popular.
y yONOLULU. Oct. Zi.— Robert W.
f mi 9 Wilcox. ex-Cor.gressional Dele
£ fi pate from Hawaii, died to-day of
Morris M. Estee is one of the most dis
tinguished of Californlans, and the peop!a
of the State are proud of the record ha
has made as United States District Judge
for Hawaii. He came to California in
1S53, and, after several years of mining
and study of law, he was admitted to
practice in 1859. His rise was rapid, and
during his residence In Sacramento and
in San Francisco, from 1S6S, to his ap
pointment to the Judgeship by President
McKinley in 1900, he held numerous elec
tive and appointive offices of honor and
trust. He was high in. the councils of the
Republican party, and in 1SSS was chair
man of the convention that nominated
Harrison. He was twice the candidate of
his party for Governor. In Hawaii he is
held in high esteem for the record he baa
made on the bench.
Former Delegate to Con*
gress a Victim of
Consumption.
co, Is seriously 111. A critical
operation was performed on him this aft
ernoon.
y wONOLULU, Oct. 24. — United
J— # States District Judge Morris M.
J[ £ Estee. formerly of San Francis-
ROBERT W. "WILCOX. FORMER
DELEGATE TO CONGRESS.
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
Dangerous Operation Is
Performed on J\[oted
Jurist
Blair; was interviewed as to ..the/ truth
of .the "charge's"; this afternoon. He was
found at his home, Stancote, Klrkwood. a
fashionable suburb^ and emphatically de
nied the charges. .While conversing with
xeporters Blair fell to the floor of the ve
randa of his home In a faint, - writhing
and twisting and frothing* at the mouth.
He was quickly conveyed to a couch and
physicians summoned.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct.- 24.— Ex-District
Attorney George S. Graham to-night re
fused to make any statement upon the
Blair case, giving as his reasons his con
fidential relations . .as counsel for Dick
Bros. He strongly . intimated that • Blair
was the victim w a plot to blackmail.
It is said that Blair made applications
for loans, in the name -oi^se-ra^-itetHtou*
person, on specified pieces of property,
and that he would afterward change the
abstract of title- to -make 'it conform to
the application.- A deed of trust would
then be forged and likewise^ principal and
interest notes; then a, notarial certificate
attesting the deed, and finally the certifi
cate of the Recorder -of Deeds, showing
that the deed was, recorded In a. certain
book and on a certain page.
Roberts ,1s authority for the . statement
that tflalr, by means of forged deeds of
trust, obtained enormous loans' from Dick
Bros. & Co.. Philadelphia bunkers, to
whom he was related, and whose -agent
he was in St. Louis. , ,
ST. LOUIS. Oct.* 24.— James Lawrence
Blair, until a few days ago counsel gen
eral of the World's Fair, is charged by
James I* Roberts, an attorney and former
stenographer In Blair's office, with having
embezzled HOO.OOO from Dick Bros. & Co.
of New York and Philadelphia, and with
having diverted to his own use $63,000 be
longing to the Blow estate. Roberts told
his story to the Grand Jury yesterday.
According to Roberts Blair has been lead-
Ing a dual life for a decade— a veritable
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
-..Roberts* accusations against the man
who had befriended him are astonishing.
His knowledge of the facts, he claims,
were . obtained , through long business In
tercourse with Blair. He entered the lat
ter'e office in 18SS as general clerk, re
maining there, nine months. Roberts
claims that he discovered discrepancies
In Blair's accounts, which led him to
make an Investigation, disclosing a start
ling series of forgeries and t!»e dissipa
tion of funds entrusted to ihe keeping of
the accused lawyer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At 8 o'clock to-night the fugitive's
buggy was seen a mile and a half from
town. The pursuing parties were nearly
all together at the time and closed in on
the kidnaper. Citizens snatched the
horse's bridle, while officers piled over
the wheels of the vehicle and quickly
bound Castro. Little Adelaide' was by
his side and seemed much alarmed at
such an extraordinary proceeding.
A fast trip was made to Martinez and
the child was returned to the much-com
forted parents. Castro was seen in his
cell later, but would not talk of his at
tempt to steal the infant. He appears not
to be able to converse in English.
Wrapped about him under his ccat were
a number of pillow Blips and portions of
a woman's garments. . .
"He asked me to take a ride and I took
It," is little Adelaide's explanation of bow
the affair happened.
CAPTURE OF FUGITIVE.
A thorough search of the town was
made, but no trace of Castro and the girl
was discovered. Then the firebell was
sounded and the populace assembled to
ascertain what the trouble was all about.
The story of the kidnaping was quickly
told and a couple of hundred men were
divided Into posses to continue the search.
Buggy riding has its charm for even so
tiny a miss as Adelaide, and. she readily
consented. Castro jumped from the buggy,
lifted her Into it, and soon the ill-as3orted
pair was speeding toward the town limits.
A neighbor had noticed the departure of
the stranger and after a considerable time
made known the facts to persons who
were assisting the parents to rind the
child.
Four-year-old Adelaide Chatam. daugh
ter of a blacksmith who has lived here
for many years, was playing near her
home at about 5 o'clock this afternoon.
Presently Castro drove up in a buggy,
which, it was afterward learned, he ob
tained in Concord," an«Ffftirttft!Pthe -little
girl to ride with him.
PURSUIT FOR CHILD.
The authorities for a time were appre
hensive, but the jail was reached without
more serious incident and Castro was
placed under strong guard. During the
night a larg crowd of men stood about the
structure, but no effort was made to use
violence.
Nearly 150 men, enraged almost beyond
the limit of respect for law by the magni
tude of the- crime and the audacity of its
perpetrator, followed the terror-stricken
prisoner for a mile and a half from, the
point where he was captured to the jail,
denouncing his abominable conduct and
suggesting In no uncertain words that
lynching should be the Immediate pen
alty.
PRISONER IS GUARDED.
MARTINEZ. Oct. 24.-That Andrew
Castro, a stranger In this locality. Is not
to-night swinging by a bit of hemp from
a telegraph pole near the city jail is due
chiefly to the coolness and promptitude
with which the local officers put him be
hind bars after his arrest this evening for
an attempt to kidnap the pretty little
child of D. W. Chatam.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Suspected Man Until Re
cently Counsel General
of World's Fair.
Scores of Infuriated People
Make Threats Against
the Prisoner.
Stranger in a Buggy
Bears Away Four-
Year-Old Tot.
James L, Blair of St.
Louis an Alleged
Forger.
Crime in Martinez
Nearly Causes
Lynching.
Accused of Embez
zling a Half
Million.
DUAL LIFE
OF A NOTED
ATTORNEY
MEN CHASE
KIDNAPER OF
TINY CHILD
JUDGE ESTEE
SERIOUSLY ILL
IN HONOLULU
WILCOX DIES
IN MIDST OF
HIS CAMPAIGN
VOlTtfME XC1V— NO. 147.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; OCTOBER; 25;i 1903— FIFTY-TWO PAGES.
34
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
JUDGE MORRIS M. ESTEE,
WHO IS SERIOUSLY ILL, IN
HONOLULU.
wmm
The San Francisco CallA jrfrl's first attack of love is limited
only by her capacity.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 24,-Robert Mcln
tosh. a Scotchman, while under the in
fluence of liquor, tried to board the Fair
Oaks local near Twenty-first and R
streets this morning and fell under the
wheels. Both of his legs were cut off be
low the knees and he received other in
juries from the fall. He was taken to
the County Hoepltal. He will probably
Loses Leg» Under a Train.
NEW YORK. Oct 24.-F. N. Hoftot.
president of the Pressed Steel Car Com
pany, received a cablegram to-day from
Walsall, Staffordshire, England, announc
ing the death of Samson Fox. chairman
of the Leeds Forge Company, Leeds,
England, after a short illness. Mr. Fox
had only recently returned to England
after a short visit to this country to- see
the development of the pressed steel car
industry, which he originated at Jollet,
Samson Fox Dies in England.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.-At a meeting to
day of stockholders of the New York
Building and Loan Banking Company a
resolution' of the board of directors to
levy an assessment on the stock to wipe
out an Indebtedness of $350,000, take the
company out of the hands of the re
ceiver and place It again upon a working
basis was adopted, although the proposi
tion was noisily and bitterly opposed by
many of the stockholders present. A large
force of police was on hand to prevent a
repetition of the outbreak which occurred
at the meeting I»Bt Monday. No disturb
ance took place to-day.
Stockholders to Be Assessed.
FAKTA ANA. Oct. 24.^The flr*t car of
cf\rry to be ehlpp^J East from Orangre County
field* »a» forwarded to-day to Kansas City.
The cro:> from this district will be In the
neighborhood of 1500 cars.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— Fifteen hundred
Fausage makers at the Union Stock Yards
struck to-day. Work was stopped In the
eaupape manufacturing departments of
the big packing-houses, and it is declared
the purpose of the union is to tie up the
industry in each of the nine packing cen
ters of the country. No violence attended
the strike. The men failed to report for
work and the packing companies did not
try to operate the sausage departments
with non-union men. There was no pick
eting by the union. Acting in acordance
with a plan for a peaceable campaign de
cided upon when the strike vote was
taken, the strikers remained away from
the yards.
Sausage Makers on Strike.
Secretary Wood had the rooms deccrat
ed with flowers and smilax, while red,
white and blue bunting was draped about
a picture of the founder of San Diego.
Congratulations were numerous, as well
as good wishes, and many presents were
left. All were of a substantial character.
A number of telegrams were received of
a congratulatory nature. Among them
was one from ex-Mayor Carlson, who ex
pressed the wish that the "Father of San
Diego" might reach the century mark.
The large reception room of the insti
tution was filled all afternoon with a
number of Did and new residents of Sa*n
Diego who came to see one whose history
is practically the history of the city, at
least during the first year after tho new
town was started.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 24.-Tho people of
San Diego, by the Chamber of Commfrce,
to-day tendered to A. E. Horton. more
familiarly known as "Father" Horton,
the founder of San Diego, a reception
which was largely attended. The occasion
was his ninetieth birthday.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"Father" Horton of San
Diego at Chamber
of Commerce.
CITY'S FOUNDER
RECEIVES HONOR
A temporary trade agreement for the
year ISM. commencing January 1. is pro
vided for. by which each organization
shall recognise cards from the other.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 24.— The report
of Adolphus Strausser of Buffalo, the um
pire to whom was left the question of the
amalgamation of the two national organi
zations of carpenters, was received to
tiay by President Huber at the headquar
ters of. the United Brotherhood. By the
report the United Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners of America and the
Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and
Joiners are to be merged into one na
tional organization on January 1, 1905. The
new organization shall take the name of
the brotherhood. All unions of the Amal
gamated Society shall be granted new
charters free. The dues of the new or
ganization will be increased about 59 per
cent.
The Amalgamated Organization Will
Take Name of Brotherhood.
CARPENTERS TO UNITE.
., NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— Samuel . Clemens
(Mark Twain) and his wife and two daughters
ealled for Naples and Uenoa to-day .' ~
Ukiah. Jury Fails to Agree.
UKIAH, Oct. 24.— The jury in the Steve
Tartar murder case came in this after
noon after being out thirty-six hours.
They were unable to agree and were dis
charged. Tartar Is charged with killing
Charles Solax. a Russian Finn, at Needle
Rock last July In a saloon row. "The case
will* be tried again. r ,. .„ „„...,.,..
VALLEJO, Oct. 24.— Ueorge H. L. Barr,
manager of Thomas H. Ryan, the pugi
list, is in the hands of the police. He left
here several weeks ago. neglecting a $3S
board bill he had run for himself tind
Ryan at the Vallejo Sulphur Springs.
Chief of Police Stanford tracked Ryan
through a number of counties.
Police Arrest Pugilist's Manager.
SAN ANDREAS, Oct. 24.— Two brothers
named Arthur and John Jackson narrow
ly escaped . being killed last night in the
Lloyd gravel mine on Central Hill, near
here. The property is now operated by
the Ophlr Gold Mining Company of Boa
ton and extensive development work- is
going on.
The engineer raised the car up the- in
cline shaft a distance of 300 feet and in
some unaccountable way the coupling let
go just as the car reached the. 'collar* of
the shaft. This allowed the car to go
tearing back to where the men were at
work. Both men had . remained at the
station in full view of the approaching
runaway car*- but the noise of the pumps
prevented them from hearing the car un-
Noise' of Pumps Prevents Them From
Hearing the Fast Running
Vehicle.
RUNAWAY MINE CAR
INJURES TWO BROTHERS
The parents have only been residents of
Sonoma Couaty for a short time and. are
prostrated by the grief which hax*jjyer
taken them. The lad came wUfcV... his
parents from Minnesota _ to this cofltffy.
SAXTA . ROSA. Oct. 24.— Frank Galoff.
the 13-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John
Galoff, residents of Sebastopol, dropped
dead while playing with a number of com
panions at the Mount Vernon school
house yesterday. The lad had been
troubled with heart failure for several
years past and his death was caused by
overexertion in play. With the other pu
pil« he was indulging In a game, and
while running came to a sudden stop,
reeled and fell. His death followed in a
few seconds.
Thirteen- Year-Old Boy Passes From
Life Suddenly During a
Game. •
CHILD DROPS DEAD
FROM HEART FAILURE
til it was too late. The younger brother,
Arthur, sustained a crushed ankle and
leg, which may be amputated. The other
brother was brulaed and cut, but not dan
gerously hurt.
there have been no disturbances the min
ers are in an ugly mood. Mayor Mullins
to-morrow will i9sue a proclamation or
dering all the saloons and gambling
houses of the city closed pntii the exist
ing troubles are adjusted.
I TORONTO, Ontario, Oct. 21— Tlie
American Government has won and the
Dominion Government has lost by the
seizue by the cruiser Petrel of the fish
ing schooner Kitty D last July, for, as
the .Government claimed. Illegally fishing
In Canadian waters in Lake Erie. Judge
Hodglns of the Admiralty Court to-day de
cided against the Government's conten
tion that the vessel was on the inside, of
the boundary line, and ordered the resti
tution of the vessel to its owners at
Dunkirk, N. T. It is not unlikely a Biiit
for damages against the Dominion Gov
ernment will follow.
Decides American Fishing - Schooner
Was Not Inside the Canadian
.... Boundary Line. . ...
COURT ORDERS RETURN
OF KITTY D TO OWNERS
Sheriff George Graves and Coroner
Prince left Immediately for the scene and
are working on clews which they, are sure
will place behind the bars the guilty per
son.
SAN ANDREAS. Oct. 24.— The particu
lars, have Just been received hereof an
atrocious murder supposed to have been
committed Thursday afternoon..
Jose Nandlna", an old Mexican rancher,
was found dead in his cabin down on| the
Calaveras River yesterday morning with
every proof of having been stabbed to
death While outside the house and then
dragged inside, where kerosene was
poured over the prostrate form and' ig
nited.'
The intention was to burn the house and
destroy all evidence of the crime, but in
this regard the murderer was foiled, as
the fire went out after burning part of the
clothing and flesh.
Judge Clancy, by whose decision the
mines of Butte are tied up, appeared on
tho street this morning guarded by two
Deputy. Sheriffs, with two others in the
rear. It is said Judge Clancy fears vio
lence. Attorneys for the Amalgamated
Copper Company to-day requested Judge
Clancy to expedite matters in order to al-,
low the caee to go to the Supreme Court
by hearing their, arguments on the ob- )
Jections to the bond to be given to the !
MacGinniss injunction, which shut down '
the Boston and Montana.. Judge Clancy !
said he was too busy to take up the mat- '
ter at present. . j
A report that MacGinniss had left the!
city shortly , after the decision of the '
Miners' Union to purchase his stock in
the Boston and Montana mine was .made j
known created . considerable' excitement!
among the ' miners to-night " and thou
sands of them gathered about the rail
road depots. It Is said that MacGinniss
left over the Short Line, for : Salt Lake
City. . • ,
The police have taken extra pre
cautions to prevent disorder. While J
Notices of appeal in the second Mac-
Ginniss case and in the cases of Daniel
Tamm against the Parrott Company will
be filed on Monday.
A feature of the day was the crowds of
idle men besieging the employment of
fices.
F. Augustus Heinze refuses to make
any expression as to tho offer of the
Miners' Union at the present time. ...
A notice of appeal to the Supreme Court
was filed in the District Court to-dav in
one of the injunction suits that was
brought by John MacGinniss against the
Boston and Montana Company and its of
ficers. This is one of the Cases in which
Judge Clancy granted an injunction
against the Boston and Montana Com
pany nnd which caused the closing down
of tho mines of the Amalgamated Com
pany. v;f .
The resolution that created the sensa
tion of the day. and which was adopted
.without a dissenting vote, was the one
objecting to the establishment of free
souphouses for the benefit oS the idlo
! miners, as was suggested by prominent
officials of the city. •- . . » r,
The meeting was orderly throughout.
MacGinniss and Forester bought their
stock in the Boston and Montana and
Parrott companies three years ' ago, the
Boston and Montana shares costing $116
each. Their holdings constitute one-fif
teenth of 1 per cent of the whole. 1
SOUPHOITSES NOT WANTED.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 24.— An unexpected
move was made in the Amalgamated
Copper situation to-day when a proposi
tion was made by the Miners' Union to,
John MacGinniss, vice president of the
United Copper Company,' and his asso
ciates connected with the Montana Ore
Purchasing Company, to purchase their
etock in the Boston and iContana Com
pany. The union would ' then dismiss
the proceedings against the Boston and
Montana Company to the «nd that there
would be a general resumption *of. the
Amalgamated mines, smelters and -various
other plants throughout the State of
Montana. • ,
At a special meeting, of the uhion, at
which about 3000 miners attended. It was
decided to offer MacGlnnlSs. and Forester
$500 a share for their 100 shares of the
Boston and Montana stock. Another of
fer was made for the 100 shares of stock
MasGinniss and Tamm hold in the Par
rott Copper and Silver Mining Company
at a rate not to exceed 5100 a share.
United States Senator Clark, A. J. Da
vis, acting in behalf of the First Na-
I tional Bank, and John D. Ryan, president
of the Daly Bank and Trust Company,
joined in a communication to the Miners'
Union under date of October 24, offering
to furnish the organization with sufficient !
money to purchase the stock at the fig
ures stated. They agreed to hold, the
stock only as security for the money ad- ¦,
vanced and will not ask the union, to pay \
any deficiency arising from the sale of the
stock or any interest on the money in- j
vested.
Members of the Miners' Union figure
that the purchase of the MacGInniss-For
ester-Tamm-stock will immeditely* set at
rest all talk of a shutdown for an indefi
nite period. The shares they hold in the
two companies were the cause of the gen
eral suspension of work In the Amalga
mated mine, Judge Clancy's injunction or r
der having the effect of preventing the
latter company from voting half their
stock of the Boston and Montana Com
pany and the Parrott Company.
At the close of the meeting a committee -
consisting of Ed Lbrig^ president of the
union; Daniel ,Dqhoyan. u 'secretary; John I
SMea, flhanclal "pecretaKj';. *P.'.'. J. Nugent
arid Jerry ¦*-0 > Xein.pr.oce(Ied. at -"once to lay!
| the proposition before MacGinniss. Ho\
I could not, however, be located tupvtti a
| late hour to-night.
: EXPECTS SETTLEMENT.
! Thousands of men stood in front of the
I Miners' Union hall- all the afternoon
j awaiting developments. It was thought
there would be an open air meeting, but
none was held. After, the. executive ses
sion inside the hall President Long ; m«,de
a short address to the crowd In the street.
He said he felt certain -that the trouble
would be settled within the next twenty
four hours and advised the miners to be
on hand to-morrow night with their din
ner buckets.'
No one but men holding cards in the
Miners' Union was permitted to enter the
hall. What transpired at the meeting
was known only to members of the organ
ization, as the session was a secret one,
except what information was given out
after adjournment. The first matter to
come before the meeting was the proposi
tion of Senator Clark and the local
banks to furnish money for the purchase
of the MacGinniss stock. The offer was
accepted with little or no opposition.
A resolution was passed suggesting the
need of adeauate laws to meet emergen
cies such as now confront the people- of
Butte and the entire State. Reference is
also made in the resolution - to the ju
dicial officers of Silver Bow County, whom
the resolution accuse of bias and preju
dice in favor of one of the principal par
ties to numerous suits involving millions
of dollars. In conclusion the union calls
upon Governor Toole to convene an ex
' traordinary session of the Legislature for
; the purpose of enacting legislation that
will correct the evils mentioned as well
as for the purpose of trying and Im
peaching any public officer in the' State
i who may be proved guilty of malfeasance
i in office. :
Effort Made to Conceal the Atrocious
Crime Fails and Officers Are
Now Searching far the
1 Person..
Butte Citizens . Anxious to Find a
Uleans by Which Suits May Se .
Dismissed and Work .
; ' Besumed. • •
Aged Mexican Stabbed to
Death and Dragged Into /
, a. Cabin.
Senator 01 ark and Others to
Furnish Money for the
Purchase.
Slayer of a Rancher in
Calaveras Tries to
Burn Body.
Miners Anxious to Buy
the Shares. Held by
MacGinniss.
MURDERER
POORS OIL
UPON VICTIM
UNION MIKES
AN OFFER TO
STOCKHOLDER
,,THE ?AN, FBAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
22
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Havo You Rheumatism, Liver or
Bladder Trouble ?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain cr dull ache in the back is un- i rheumatism, bloating, irritability, wor.n-
rnistakable evidence of kidney trouble. It out feeling, lack of ambition, loss of
!s Nature's timely warning tc show you flesh, sallow complexion.
iV tfae^dawr H your watcr allowed to remain
mor« seriou« ? remits I are «=Srl t£ follow-' undl! "urbed «n a glass or bottle for
Briffht*! #£a£ whirh is thP Jor/t fora twenty-four hour8 - fo "iw a fcediment or
cf "kiflrl^froubie mav itiS ™ n ™u settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it
ThemlJdSKhiSr^Staa^e^tof and Mad -
Uw world-famous kidney and bladder der need Immediate attention,
remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is * n taking Swamp-Root you afford natu-
poon realized. It stands the highest for ral help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is
I!s wonderful cures of the most distress- the most perfect healer and gentle aid to
ing cases. A trial will convince anyone the kidneys that is known to medical
-and you may have a Eample bottle science.
Tree, by mail Swamp- Root is the great d:scovcry of
EwiEy Boat Estirelj Ctrti Ke. Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
Gentl*mm: I know you do not n**d this der specialist. Hospitals use U with Tvon-
irom me, as you are daily receiving hundreds derful success In both slirht and severe
or testimonials. However, I want to say that I cases. Doctors recommend . it to their
think you have the crr-ateft remedy oa earth patients and use it in their own families.
-or kidney bladder and liver trouble. I had because they recognize ¦ in Swamp-Root
EJ? .} roubled . ror Je * r£ - was operated on *ev- the greatest and most successful remedy.
*rai tlir.fs and tpcr.t a larpe amount of money if vou havp-thp s:HchtP<!t «vmnt»mk nf
-tr^i^^^^^or U"^ kLdne y y 0U or ha bladder $£$?*£%*$& %
up r »V m/nv « twentv ESS&SjS nUt ««nUy lUStOW, send
My attention was called to your Swamp- Root ?Z n • £ m* 1 *? Si Go •. Bln S ham -
er.d I rave It a thorough trial and the result ton r A. ;^r-..-»wl»o will gladly^send you free
wai that it completely cured me. "V man, immediately, without coat to
J. vr. AUMANTllAUT, Greer.town, Ind. you. -a sample bottle of Bwan»p-Root and
Scj.teir.ber 12. 1'JOS. a book of wonderful Swamp-Root lesti-
JLame back is only one symptom, of monlals. • Be sure to say that, you read
kidney trouble— one cf many. Other £. his generous offer in the San" Franbisco
Fymptoms showing that you r.eed Sunday Call. ._...-
Eivfimp-Root are being obliged to pass If you are already '^convinced that
vater often during- the day and to get Swamp-Root is what you; ne<;d.- you can
tp many times at night, inability to hold purchase the regular * fifty-cent and one-
Jour urine, smarting or irritation in pass- dollar size bottles at drugstores every-
Ir.g, brick-dust cr i-ediment in the urine, where. Don't make any mistake, but
catarrh of the bladder, uric acid, con- remember the name, Swamp-Root. Dr.
etart headache, dizziness, e'.cepleesnes*. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
pei»»u«ic— , irregular heart-beating. ' Blnirhamton. ff. Y.. on. every bottle.
ad vEBTisEBngarea. - ______-~-~---~ —
. - • ; ¦ '
f. ¦. ¦•¦*¦*¦¦ .'... t ¦*,.¦;¦*.¦¦/ '«>.j' •¦¦*.¦ v;v -Sf ..¦.¦,.¦,¦¦:¦„¦. . i^',«,., ¦ «^i ¦.-;¦.*.. »*^, j. .¦!.¦¦.¦¦;.'¦¦ * ».:. ¦¦. ¦ ». ¦¦ .:'..¦..¦ ,¦¦¦•, « ( i. ' » . , .¦¦* 5*3t^AlijJj'??*W^^*^*T^BB?T^BMSB*5^y^^*^
1000 Men at Work on Huntington Short Line to Pasadena.
The above descendants of the athletic Greeks of eld have Just completed th« Pasadena Short Una. and ar« now maklne dirt fly b * n **"
lnj the track for quick travel. The Greeks are not alone In the good work of development which Mr. Hnntlngton la pushing through, tar they
are ably seconded by the Japanese and" Mexican contingents'. By the timekeeper's reports over 1100 men completed th« broad-gaoginj tato
P««aden«. H. E. Huntlngton Is entitled to the hearty co-operation of every public spirited citizen in his great enterprise of building networK
of electric railways to all points in Southern CalfornU. Now is the time to buy lots In the coming residence suburb of Loa Angele* — Tn«
Pasadena Villa Tract. . • M
¦ 25 years ago Paaadena was a sheep pasture. 'What a grand transformation haa be*n wrought!" It Is to-d«y the finest all-year-round
residence section In the world. A similar change will take place at th* Pasadena Villa Tract, which fs 8 miles nearer Los Angeles' bualaas*
center. It Is as bound to occur as the sun will rtee to-morrow. The entire region between Pasadena and Von Angeles Is bound to bulM o»
into a solid city. ,
Only $70 per Lot-$4 Down and $4 per Month
We are selling quarter-acre Pasadena Villa Tract lots for $4 down and $4 per month until paid for; no Interest, no taxes. Our lot* ar«
unquestionably a good Investment. We are now selling at $70. but the price will soon be raised 'to $100." The new Pasadena Short Line. th«
Monrovia and Alhambra electric railways now run from our tract to the BUSINESS CENTER OP LOB ANGELES CITT IN ONLY 15 MIN-
UTES. Such rapid transit la bound to make our quarter-acre villa lots soon sell for over $300 Two more electric lln«s will soon run througa
the tract. AVE GUARANTEE 25 PER CENT IXCREASE. For 54 down and $4 per month until paid for we sell a regular
PASADENA VILLA TRACT LOT. full slse. 50x150 feet, facing on 80-foot avenue, subject to the following guarantee from us: If at tho •*-
plralJon of one year from purchase this $70 lot Is not worth $S" 60 — or 25 per cent Increase — based on the price at which our corps of salesmen
will then be eelling' similar lots, we will refund all of the money paid us. with « per cent Interest additional. II the purchasar should die at
uny time before payments have been completed we will give to his heirs a de*d of the lot without further coet If he should lo»* employment
or be sick, ho will not forfeit the land. AMONG OUR PURCHASERS ARE THE FOLLOWING LEADING CITIZEJISi
H. E. HuntlnBton, vice president of the Southern PacMc R. R. Co.; L. T. Garnsey, president of the Los Angeles and Redondo Railway Co.;
W. H Carlson ex-U. 8. Special Commissioner of Railroads of Cuba; Balrd Broe., wholesale commission merchant*; J. G. Estudlllo. ex-State
Treasurer of California; F. H. Dlxon, ex-State Harbor Commissioner; Dr. William Dodge. Dr. J. E. Cowlee and others. References: Hon.
M. P. Snyder. Mayor of Los Angeles; State Bank and Trust Co. of Los Angeles, and our many satisfied customers. For further Information,
map, etc.. address ... .
CARLSON INVESTMENT CO., 114 S. Broadway, Los Angeles. Cal. :
l < ;: - ; -— ¦'¦•' . ' : v ; :¦¦¦¦:¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. :' " " ' \ ~i':"'- ' ¦.. ¦: - ¦-¦ -. • .¦'¦¦'; : - v'^vi
< ' • i ' • — ' ' ' ¦ — L *••'— - \ * " " '¦ j iv '.,.."'¦¦ . . ¦ - ' ' '.'.i •"
This Is the Store for Overcoats
. /**-*•*! This is the store for overcoats, if
, .¦¦^^p^Sfes. you want to buy first-class goods at ipSfe^
the lowest prices for which they can
A { -yt^!^fi*3 retail them at the same prices other 1 &^§j/^
ft • •¦¦¦¦JP manufacturers charge local dealers for Lr^?^^
}^00^hS^y JfeL the same quality goods. y#g^f$v
/^^•S;^vp|^g^^^^^ Buy your son's winter overcoat of
: "'wS^f^^p m Overcoats 1 4 to 1 9 years
|li| h^ e the coat in blue kerse V» and the
¦¦ Dark gray mixed overcoats, for as l§0^§M^0l^M^i
/if\ low as $5.00. W^BM^W^M
: W^M^ Overeats 9 to .3 years |§i§|«
®$m£' I still ¥ The P icture on the ri § ht shows * fe^^^^%^*%#
mm JjJFm^ff ioose-fitting, lpng-cut overcoat called
Top eoat special at $5.95 Children's top coats $3.50
These top coats are made of covert cloth in dark These top coats are for little boys from 3 to 8
gray,;mixed gray, brown, tan and slate; ages 14 to 19 years. They come in two shades of tan, dark gray
years, formerly #8.00, #8.50 v .^ and . . - and navy blue. They are good for
¦$9.00; ¦-just. 35 coats left out of C^IM'lA/AAiYl? /Vl winter, 'as they are heavyweight
a big line of them. The thirty- 9/T H\MJ|IA>lU' and come almost to the shoe tops.
sixth person, corning will \be dis- . "." . .. . . w They will last the boy at "least one
appointed; sale price,, $5.95. 740 iV)arket St. season, and the price is $3.50.
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
"Falrif Sparkling In Beer Goodness".
gfyGOOD clUDGiES ..
OF BEER, DECLARE
Slatz Beer
Superior from all points oi
view; Foei e>*lsg absolute pur-
ity, proper ag« and Hcnctt
.' . TI&vct. Adapted to all tastes
aecordlsr to Brew tn4 Brand.
EIPC2T WEKR PEIYATE STOCI MDUCHEIER
Af k Xor "BZ.ATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BUTZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., me.
6 and 7 DRUM III ST., San Francisco.
TeL Main 1648. Whclecal* Dealer*.An Exceptionally Good Offer.
$15 00 and 516 00 Suits, in Black and
Blue ¦ Serges. ""Cheviots. Tweeds and
Wortseds. All the latest patterns. Sin
gle '¦; and double-breasted straight cuts.
A perfect 1 fit guaranteed for $11 60, at
Herman Lesser's, 915 Market street, opp.
i\i u sun.
Loot Is Recovered.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Oct. 24.— A special dis
patch from Burton, Kans.. says that the
money taken from the Burton -bank has
been found. At 3 o'clock this afternoon
Arthur Conley discovered the burglars'
tools' dynamite and the money In the
grass and brush on the island where the
burglars were captured. The find was
Immediately turned over to the bank of
ficials, who refuse to disclose the amount
of money. The robbers waived examina
tion at their preliminary hearing at New.
ton and were sent to the Harvey County
Jail.
ELMIRA. N. T.. Oct. 24.— Superintendent
Robertson of the Elmlra Reformatory baa re
signed. • Several : weeks ago there was an out
break among tbe reformatory Inmates and it
was said that there was a plot to - kin Su
perintendent Robertson.
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 24.— President B.
P. Ripley of the Santa Fe Railroad an
nounces that as soon as the present flurry
In Wall street is ended a 250-mile cut-off
will be built to shorten the main line.
The cut-off : will start at Belen, N. M.,
thirty miles south of Albuquerque, and
run east to Texico, Tex., where connec
tion will be made with the Santa Fe sys
tem operated- south from "Kansas City.
When this line is completed the portion
of the road from La Junta, Colo., to AIa
buquerque will be abandoned for overland
purposes, thus cutting off 250 miles. The
high grade on the new cut-off will be
sixty-six feet to the mile, and that only
for a short distance. On the overland
route the altitude of the grade is 7607 feet
at Raton and 7241 at Clorietta.
Promises Shortening of Santa Pe
Route by Line From Belen to
Teadco.
RIPLET SAYS CUT-OFF
WILL SOON BE BUILT
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— Oliver E. Pagln. as
sistant United States District Attorney In
Chicago, has been appointed assistant at
torney In the Department oi Justice in
Washington. Pagln drew many of the In
dictments in the postofflce scandal In
"Washington.
Federal Attorney Promoted.
Johnston is badly wounded, being shot
in the head, breast, arms and legs. The
men claimed they were never in Burrton,
but W. L. Dailey, a merchant of Burrton,
identified them as tbe men who came into
his stare Thursday evening and pur
chased some fruit. The bandits had only
$1S In their possession when searched.
Parties are now going over the trail look
ing for the money which is supposed to
have been burled.
Friday, in the battle between two of
the pursuers and three of the robbers.
Harry Westmascotte, who was carrying
a double-barreled shotgun, fired at the
bandits, and, in addition to wounding one,
knocked a revolver from his hands. Fri
day afternoon 150 citizens formed at this
point and, following a trail of blood and
bloody rags across a plowed field, finally
located the robbers on a wooded Island in
the Arkansas River, fifteen miles from
Burrton. A party of thirty heavily armed
men, lead by the assistant cashier of the
bank, L. A. Shiever, then proceeded to
wade across, while the rest of the pur
suers covered the island with guns and
revolvers. Seeing the overwhelming odds
against them, the robbers waved a white
handkerchief and crawled from the sand
pits which they had dug and surrendered.
It is thought these ! men may have been
the ones that held up the eating-house
at McFarland recently. The men claim
they are iron workers from Kansas City
and Joplin. "•SRXKBESS
The men give their names as James
Bell, aged 25; George Olson, aged 28; E.
H. Johnston, aged 38; Thomas White,
aged 24, and Frank Harw'ood. aged 26.
BURRTON, Kans., Oct. 24.— After a de
termined^ chase and a bloody battle, the
bandits who*1ooted the bank at this point
were captured last evening on an Island
in the Arkansas River and lodged In the
Newton JaiL
Five Desperadoes Cap
tured on Island in
fche Arkansas.
BANK ROBBERS
RUN TO EARTH
Careless Deputies Resign Posts.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 24.— E. H. Davis
and Alvah Baker, the deputy marshals
from whose custody Albert Bell, the mall
pouch robber and check forger, escaped,
left this city to-day for their" home in
Denver. After falling to deliver their
prisoner to the United States Marshal the
deputies asked permission to return home,
but their request was not granted by
United States Attorney Holland until he
bad thoroughly investigated the manner
of Bell's escape. Before leaving both men
said they had paid their own expenses
while here and that they had resigned
their positions as deputy marshals.
Grundmann had a beautiful garden of
rare foreign plants and a valuable col
lection of birds, including several Japan
ese pheasants. When the flood swept
through the heart of Paterson recently
Grundmann's home was wrecked and his
plants and birds destroyed. He had much
difficulty in rescuing his wife. After get
ting her to safety he made efforts to save
his plants and birds, but without suc
cess. The ordeal he went through and the
loss of the birds and plants he prized do
highly preyed upon his mind .until he
gave way under the strain. Thursday
night he became so violent it was neces
sary to put him in a straitjacket He
grabbed one of his attendants by the
throat and nearly choked him to death.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Frank Grund
mann. 58 years, of age, a silk weaver of
Paterson, N. J., has been placed In the
insane ward at Bellevue Hospital.
Silk Weaver of Paterson Goes Insane
as Result of Flood's De
structiveness.
LOSS OF RARE PLANTS
UNHINGES HIS MIND
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— The London Lan
cet, says the Herald's London correspond
ent, reports that a nurse at one of tho
French hospitals has Just tried a new way
oT committing suicide, viz., by swallowing
two tubes of Eberth's pure culture of ty
phoid bacillus. On the third day the
nurse had a headache, but no fever. Sev
eral rose spots were visible on the eighth
day.
The short duration of the period ot In
cubation is explained by the large number
of bacilli introduced at one time. It proved
to be a very severe attack of typhoid
fever, but apparently not fatal.
Bacillus but Germs Do Not
Produce Death.
Swallows Tube of Culture of Typhoid
NURSE TRIES ORIGINAL
METHOD OF SUICIDE
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— Fourth-class
Postmasters appointed: California-
Charles T. Smith, SomSs, Ventura County,
vice Walter O. Stewart, resigned; Mar
garet Bottroff. Stowe, San Diego County,
vice B. W. Maxwell, resigned. Oregon-
Mabel A. Plttman, Woodlawn, Multnomah
County, vice Laura M. Watson, resigned.
Navy order— Assistant Paymaster A. S.
Brown Is detached from the Independ
ence at Mare Island and ordered to the
Asiatic station.
Some Minor Changes Made in the
Postal Service in California
and Oregon.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 24.— Judge Alford
of the Criminal Court to-day summarily
quashed the indictments which became
known as the Stahl conspiracy case. Be
fore, the recent election members of the
City League, acting in connection with an
attorney employed by the City Council to
investigate charges of corruption in city
contracts, secured Detective Stahl from
District Attorney Folk of St. Louis to as
sist in ferreting out crime. The detective
pretended to represent a mythical slot
machine company and approached the
president of the Board of Public Works
to get permission and protection in plac
ing their slot machine. The public official
had Stahl arrested on a bribery charge
and the Jury Indicted Stahl and three
well-known citizens and members of the
league, one of them the Council's attor
ney, charging conspiracy. To-day's de
cision ends the case In favor of the
league.
CITIZENS' LEAGUE WINS
IN CONSPIRACY CASES
Judge Alford of Indianapolis Quashes
Indictments of Stahl and Three
Members.
In Westchester village almost a panlo
reigned. Men rushed to the postofQce
armed with clubs and guns, believing that
burglars had blown open the safe.
Two boathouses on Long Island Sound,
half a mile away from the scene of the
explosion, were wrecked. There was
some damage to City Island.
Within half a mile of the Baycbester
station not a pane of glass remained in
tact.
Nearly every house in Baychester-suf
fered damage from the explosion. A wom
an who was thrown from bed is believed
to be the only person who was injured.
A policeman who was crossing the
tracks a mile from the scene was knocked
down by the concussion.
The threa detached cars and the rear
car of the main portion of the train were
burned. r'-'"/""^.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Threa freight
cars, one of them loaded with dynamite,
that had broken away from a freight
train on the Harlem River branch of the
New York, New Haven and Hartford,
collided with the remainder of the train
on a grade and the car with the explo
siva In It was blown up.
The engineer, Thomas Corrigan, was
thrown off his seat and for a few min
utes was slightly stunned. He regained
his presence of mind, however, and shut
off steam, bringing the train to a stop.
The Pittsburg incident was also ex
amined in its illustrative aspect. The
enormous "accretion of wealth in Pitts
burg of late years growing out of the con
solidation process in the Iron :. and steel
industry is notorious' in .the -financial
world. The large extent to which this
new wealth has gone Into bank extension
is also generally recognize^. The terms
upon which j deposits may have been ' at
tracted to new banking Institutions is
brought forward for. consideration by the
failure of the Pittsburg bank, • brought
about by the withdrawal of deposits by
small country banks, which had . been se
cured by ; the ¦ rate of interest allowed on
deposit accounts.
The - routine * events , of the week have
been favorable. .The export demand for
grain has been liberal and the movement
of cotton to market has been much freer.
Heavy, currency shipments to the South
have resulted, but 'the movement to the
West seems to be restricted still with the
ultimate demand from that region ) probf
lematical. Railroad officials still complain
of car shortage ;: and freight congestion.
But expert opinion holds that the present
freight movement * and that for . several
THE PITTSBTJBQ PAILUBE.
The failures at Baltimore and Pitts
burg have not failed, i.owever, to arouse
an unrasy feeling over the possible con
sequences. The growth of trust compa
nies has been one of the most -notable
features of the recent era of prosperity.
The enormous consolidations of capital
of the last few years and the financial
operations have been widely extended into
panded the field of operations for these
institutions even among the lines of their
original operations. But besides this their
opinions have been widely extended into
the banking field by 'the increase of de
mand deposits, for which liberal Inter
est is often paid, while the legal require
ments upon banks for reserves do not ap
ply to these Institutions. Another field
of operations for the trust companies
which has been much criticized has been
the promotion and exploitation of enter
prises by., underwriting. The tone of the
discussion at the bankers' convention at
San Francisco is sufficient evidence of the
frank recognition of abuses in this field
among bank and trust company officials
themselves.,. The controversy between the
New York clearing-house and the trust
companies over the maintenance of trust
company reserves, has brought the ques
tion to the publio view long since. There
have been episodes In New York finan
cial affairs that have Illustrated the
abuse on the promotion side, including
the ship building case in the public eye.
The Baltimore example of the conse
quences of overcommitments by trust
companies In promotion projects therefore
caused a keen impression In the financial
world owing to the doubt of how far a
similar state of affairs ¦ might be extend
ed . in the trust company situation as a
whole.
TRUST COMPANIES.
In the case of shares of stock it cannot
be said that the present situation has ex
tended beyond a marked cessation of the
recent persistent pressure to liquidate.
The week's events in the stock market
offer some indication of a contrary ten
dency to buy stocks on bad news. This Is
largely due to demand fronvan uncovered
professional short interest, and has not
been impressive as an investment de
mand.
London's uneasy feeling over the war
outlook In the Far East had some slight
effect on the local market, and there was
a repetition of rumors in circulation for
several days, which has as often been de.
nied, of an institution in trouble at St.
Louis. There was a deposit of $100,000 at«
the sub-treasury to-day for telegraphic
transfer to St. Louis.
The variety of the demand for bonds
was as conspicuous as for several days,
and the number of quotations on the tape
for bonds exceeded in number and va
riety those for stocks for a good deal of
the time. A recession to 58 In Unfted
States Steel preferred was an unsettling
Influence at the close.
There is a general agreement in "Wall
street that the stock market has offered
surprisingly good resistance to the devel
opments of the week, which were un
doubtedly serious in their^ aspect. The ap
pointment of receivers for two trust com
panies in Baltimore, although not wholly
unexpected, proved a shock, and there
was a decline of prices In consequence
on Monday. This was the more marked
by reason of the considerable commit
ments to the long side made by profes
sional traders during the latter part of
last week, which were hurriedly thrown
back upon the market on Monday. But
Thursday saw a hasty repurchase of
stocks, and the bank failures at Pitts
burg were practically ignored in the trad
ing.
STRONG DEMAND FOR BONDS.
During the period of greatest depression
In the stock market several weeks since j
it was pointed out by Jacob II. Schiff, :
the head of the banking flrm of Kuhn,
Loeb & Co., in an Interview on the situa
tion for the Associated Press that a de
mand for securities was likely to develop
while the process of liquidation and con
traction was still In progress in the coun
try at large. There has been undeniable
evidence of some such condition in the
stock market this week, more notably in
the bond market, in which there has been
a considerable investment demand notice
able at advancing prices.
As pointed out by Mr. Schiff as likely
to occur, the prolonged liquidation has
produced some accumulation of banking
reserves, with resulting '.-effect -on the
money rate. Another effect of the pro
cess of contraction has been to withdraw
some of the expected demands on the
money market for which resources had
been conserved. This is true of the dread
ed heavy demands from railroad corpora
tions for betterment work already under
way. Borrowing of this kind at high in
terest rates was a feature of last fall's
money market. That it has not developed
this fall is corroborative of the evidence
from other sources that such works have
been greatly curtailed in all directions.
With the prospect of lower rates for
money, the rate of return on many rail
road bonds at present prices has made
them attractive for Investment.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— To-day's stock
market was almost inert throughout. The
appearance of the bank statement caused
sluggish recovery from early depression,
but the movement was merely fractional
and was. not maintained, the closing being
irregular and still very dull. The failure
of the customary demand from the "West
at this season has been the subject of
much comment in banking circles, but
that there should have been so consider
able a movement in the contrary direction
in the middle of October Is quit© unprece
dented. It was suggested as possible that
local trust companies had made transfers
of cash deposits to the clearing-house
banks.
Hous.es in Bayohester Suffer
Damage From the Con
cussion. * *
Failure of Baltimore Trust
Companies Causes a De
cline in Prices.
Freight Breaks In Two
and Collision Causes
Explosion.
Drop in United States
Steel Preferred Is Un
settling Factor.
BONDS DEMAND
IS CONSPICUOUS
DYNAMITE CAR
WRECKS TRAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25. 1903.
NAPA. Oct. 24.— The second day's ses
eion of the Farmers' Institute commenced
this morning at 10 o'clock. Professor D.
T. Fowler made remarks in which he
urged the members to take steps toward
increasing the popularity of farmers' In
stitutes throughout the country. G. H.
Rogers followed with words to the same
effect, calling upon the farmers to unite
in the grange and work together.
Warren T. Clarke of Berkeley addressed
the institute on "Aphid*, or Plant Lice,"
and his discourse proved to be full* of
valuable suggestions and instructions.
This afternoon the institute closed.
Speakers at Napa Tell of the Value
of Popularizing In
stitutes.
FARMERS ARE "URGED
TO WORK IN HARMONY
REDDING. Oct. 24.— After serving four
days in the County Jail, W. W. "Wheeler,
FujKrfr.terident of the Northern Califor
rila Power Company, this afternoon paid
C12 remaining due on a fine of 5270 im
j*D5ed by Superior Judge Head for con
tempt of court in setting up a power line
pole in the face of an injunction Intended
to restrain him from so doing.
Wheeler took the case to the Supreme
Court in an effort to secure a writ of re
yiew, but word came by wire from Los
Angeles this afternoon that the higher
tribunal had denied the petition, so
"U* heeler paid the fine.
•COTJKT DEHTES PETITION
AND HE PAYS THE FINE
Po-wer Company Superintendent Fails
to Escape Punishment for
Contempt.
Battleship Makes Good Run.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— The Navy
Department is In receipt of a telegram
from Captain Lutze, commanding the bat
tleship Maine, announcing the_ arrival of
that vessel at Newport News, the run
from - Culebra Island to Currltuck Light
having been made with an average speed
of 15.9 knots. He reports the' greatest run
for twenty-four . hours to have been 403
knots, an average of 16.S knots.
months to come represents business al
ready done and estimates a probable fall-
Ing off-: in*- the 'spring and a coming, reac
tion. Authorities In the Iron and steel
trade see no Improvement there. No con
siderable Influence was : produced by the
late weakness In Amalgamated Copper
growing out of adverse decisions to shut
down the properties affected.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/
WARNING
ABOUT
DIAMONDS
Should my dealer offer (or taJ* *!»«»¦ Mtu
diamonds and r«Dr«sent them to t» Sapph*
Diamonds remember that these sema caa only
be procured at one place on the'Padfle Coast.
124 Kearny st.. S. F. I tav» no acenclea on
the Pacific Coast except my palace at 124
Kearny st.. where this gtm Is demonstrated
and sold side by side with real diamonds, aad
never sold under electric lights. The motlvs
of the above precaution Is to protect the publto
from procuring some Inferior substitute which
might be represented to be this phenomenal
masterpiece ot human handicraft, the Sapph>
Diamond.
TMs tern Is cut by diamond workers with
a#xact number of facets as the genuine, and
Its excessive hardness causes It to receive that
high polish which throws the same prismatic
fire as the real, thus productnsr a luster and
brilliancy . which by far outclasses all former
efforts of science. Guaranteed to wear and re-
tain Its brilliancy.
The Sapph-Diamood appeals only to a class
that would appreciate a near- facsimile of th«
real diamond at a moderate price.
Rubles. Emeralds. Sapphires and Ptarfs of
almost equal modern construction. Send stamp;
for catalogue.
"Western Agency. 134 Kearny St.. S. F.. Cal.
J. C. DAVIDSON 1 , World's Greatest Diamond
Imitator.
X OU ' IlCVC* UaYC WU0I
in buying
j tCA . DsUaBf^^VMsT t5sJltCOi
ceflee ftrrortof ntnea seda
with Schilling's Best; no room
for doubt witn them,
AtrrargneWs; -i »#*¦;¦.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOS BROS.
Have Something to Say
ABOUT THAT OVERCOAT
When tO Gee It: <L Get it now. Foggy mornings "and chilly evenings
portend cold weather. Sudden changes may be expected
at any time. The wise man prepares for emergencies
before they arise.
Where tO Get It: <L Get it here. Because we have the biggest stock to
select from — comprehensive styles to fit all builds— widest
range in materials to please every taste — everybody suited
— everybody satisfied.
What It Is Like: €L It's a knee length coat — or it> a long coat (some
with Belted backs)— or it's a Paddock. It's made in all
styles: in black, in Oxfords, in fancy tweeds — all broad
/ shoulders and new long lapels.
What tO Pay for It: C That's for you to say. If ypu're economically inclined,
our $ 1 0 to $20 coats will give you good service. If you
don't mind price, we have value and quality from $22.50
to $55. The value is there, whatever the price.
C 1^ you want to know anything more about it, come here and we'll tell you.
QOOS BROS
'. • . tVCAiClN Y Al rUul
V ADVEB.TISE1CZNTS.
I THE oSb™ ' F AGE "'liil
(THE WHISKY GLASS)
1 If a grinning skull leered from the amber ii
j ! depths of the whisky every time the drinking p|
j j man lifted his glass, how fearful would be his Wm
( ] horror of the poison with which he fearlessly ia
i j deluges his system. Disease and Death are tM
j the lurking devils of the whisky glass, hvery W*
j crime in the calendar is veiled in its amber p|
i poison. It whets the murderer's knife and p|
I I speeds the assassin's bullet. It triumphs over EM
\ } laws, strangles virtue and stupefies genius. ||J
[ii It is the king of blood and brains, whether fes
t-:\ the body is clad in silks or beggar's rags. tJ
! j Once under the power of the brink Curse pi
I 'I the victim is bound to go on. Sermons will El
I I not cure him; punishment will not eradicate o
[z\ the taste ; pledges will not arrest it. The crav- {§3
I ing for drink is an awful disease and the only tfi
t \ salvation for the victim is a specialist's skill. p|
bj To the drinking man the name of- DR. J. J. H
M McKANNA stands for freedom, reformation, m
VA happiness, -sobriety, MANHOOD. His treat- ffl
jvj ment has permanently cured over 12,000 Wi
El victims of Alcoholism who never cease to 11
I I extol the greatness of the only safe and JM
g certain salvation for the Slave of Alcohol. ||
I DR. J. J. McKANNA 1
I j (4 GEARY ST., SAN FRANCISCO I
| i . Telephone Main 1O37. §j>|
I . ! THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY 3-DAY CURE FOR THE LIQUOR HABIT. H
pi OPEN DAY.' NIGHT AND SUNDAYS, f p|
f j SANITARIUMS: Chicago, III.; Kansas City, Mo.; Okla- |fj
K j homa City, O. T.; Des Moines, la.; Seattle, Wash. p|
\\ Hi. Mctaa's Book on Alcoholism Sent on Request. p|
/VPVTrRTTRT.TW"rTFn»g L
Manager American Teachers' Association
SAYS : v
"Pe-ru-na Is the Greatest Medicine Manufactured."
Prominent Eduoators. Prom All Over . I Z»m \
Prom the EaBt and West, North and I • m
Professor W. B. Powell of Washington, V^ Wflr jHJn^Bft^^6gi£j3«|jg?fr»v \V Ii AA
tors. in the country. For fifteen year* h» \gfHlr A^mk^^^^^^^^l^ )^LJ
Schools of Washington, which is consld- % gm\ ¦^^r"^^^^^^^^~^\^^T^1^SSffi*iffi^^hS- IlV
ered the best school system in the United * fA\ S^^^^^^^^^^^HH^Sffls^SrvR^bw Ir^
countless friends and acquaintances all 11 II _<r^ I ,\'\\ II I I
Peruna as a tonic, and I take pleasure 1 II >^^^^^^^^^^55=^^^^^^^^^^§^^jS^m 1 1
runa is indeed a good medicine and I II 1 1
Such straightforward evidence cannot III fl — ; "^^^^^^^^^^^^y^^^SnK^B I 1!
be overlooked. What the common people ||ff M^j^^^g^===^:^^S=^^^ : $^>^^^^^^^gg : yH&^ lit
A Well-Known College Man Restored ¦ m J ' |
change 0° food and water wrought havoc (|ji| if
time, and occasionally take a few doses, y vSC*- jV<tg y •y^^^^^'^™'' 3 ™""""^" 1 ''^^^**'"^^*^^^^^?^ S^
which keeps me In excellent health."— ij t*^K^~M ~. m W f^'-*m*+. 1^ T "r »*. vrZS*^£&A
John w. Men*. v <zJ • JL/* \JXaI7SJ77 Y^# A, 7i \*^^?0
Miss Elizabeth Brown. 170S John street, \ jf^T* «-t* t.\u~LL « . J^S,. j^ % \jlfr<7^
Baltimore, Md., is a school teacher of that •/&* *\" >ll ''?v^''5? 1^^F am !P im 9 llllll^*V m '^wmmmmm^^2£>^£r
sleep nights. Sleeplessness was a most < "*»5aV L^~*^*2^&*£<£^ I ** GRAHAM. LJ* D., manager of
serious trouble to me. and I felt I ought J? v:i »< C »^Cx^\Cv < S^5?^^r^ : C the American Teachers' Assoda-
to go away and have complete rest, which ,y „. 5i^MT3SZ^5*6^5>^'CS<2*Q'' n * ta a letter from ** Randolph
I could illv afford. r A *»» -vhrll building, Memphis. Tenn.. indorses the
"One of "the teachers told me that she c£ i ' -f\W\ HSSf^'iwj famous catarrh remedy, Peruna, ia
had used Peruna for two years and had w&i. <lj ' t —Ua>Jijh the foIlowln S words:
found It a wonderful tonic to build up \flV>cCii^^5f?tS Jl^.f£J^3^'/"i/OTWi " I tnta nrant nlnnttir* in *+n+tnn
; the system, and so i bought some, a • Yj fSJSAq S<- Sr?^^ «£ '^'ii'l i taxe great pleasure in stating
complete change for the better took place £ rfi0&MrP?l .£*r*7^Yft? «~ tnot Peruna, in my opinion, is the
within ten days. I could eat and sleep, / i&SSff 5V27*P35ki 4 V Cti. 2?9L j a j' • j
and felt like a new woman, when school 1 J tmSSBtsTtvLSsS li V >pfslil§ greatest meaicine ever manuiac-
opened again I felt well and strong and p / firft^y/sJr^Sg 1 k&L£ IT^jK turnH I wrr* nmrvnu* worn nut
wen able to take u P my work."-Eiiza- • ! UilfWtf] turea. i was nervous, worn out
beth Brown. ~" S&PSt// H / i \ ip**f ' l&i££rJ and completely exhausted, but after
Peruna is of national fame as a catarrh rWTVT*<. Elf ' TM fWllTtl *^tir,r, •#*«¦ A/i«/a. nf Par-nnn •»**
remedy. It Is the only Internal systeirnc !l/f AwW^J\\o^WV ! wf* lUA taXing SIX OOttlOS OT ferana Was
catarrh remedy known to the medical tt»| JffiSj^-W/ , f{ \U restored to my usual health. When
profession. It makes diseased mucous SsrCCTI IwMEJXw ¥/ U vJ Vl • > , 1 n 1 > »
membranes healthy, whether it is the . jg^^fM^^sv/ i WlD I began taking Peruna / weighed
mucous membrane lining the nose, throat, fSffiqflKlaLUjf I \J T on/v 155 DOUnds but in six months'
lungs, stomach, kidneys or pelvic organs. /fiiBlia^TsSwSRL, I +S X .* puunus, uui in six inunins
it cures various diseases of all these or- ™ time after I began to taks it I
nfalfkind'aV^due to catarrh. With healthy weighed 225 pounds, and have re-
™£*&™£*&?%&T%**£w«x lo % J& i \ tained that weight ever since."—
throw oft contagion, and health follows (f J@5f §/ J. L. Graham.
inevitably. I
If you do not derive prompt and satisfactory results from the use of Peruna write at once to Dr. Hartman,
giving a full statement of your case, and he will be pleased to give you his valuable advice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio. ¦Mrs. Mary Garston Foster, for many
years recording i secretary I of Mission
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star, was tendeifeti a farewell reception
by the parlor last night on the eve of
her ' departure for the East. There
werejabout 300 persons, present, who
bade : the ; lady: good-by, arid 'during trie
evening Mr." Herrinfg, the patron' of the
chapter, M .in"its .. behalf, presented ' her a
beautiful camera to enable !her to take
views of '. the many, places she -will
visit.. .T.he, presentation was followed by,
a* collation. and' speeches by. many mem
bers of , the order.
Farewell Reception.
Bail for Parks Not Accepted.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Former Police
Captain Daniel C. Moynahan appeared at
the District Attorney's office to-day in
company with James W. Osborne, coun
sel for Sam Parks, and - offered to give
ball in the amount of $23,000 for the re
lease! of Parks. After a three hours' con
ference with his assistants and Osborne,
District Attorney Jerome announced that
he would not accept the bond offered by
Moynahan, on the ground that the former
captain was not "morally responsible."
Moynahan was dismissed from the police'
force about a year ago.
Flans National Federation.
DENVER, Oct. 24.— Secretary Frank
Waters of the Colorado State Federation
of Labor is sending out a call to all the
State federations in the United States for
a national convention to be held , in Den-i
ver, beginning January 11, 1904. It is be
lieved that 300 or more representatives
will be sent as delegates to this gather
ing. Their purpose will be to .organize
the unions affiliated with- the various
State bodies into a system similar to the
United States Government.
In the course of a chatty magazine
article, on', how and where to make a
cheap six weeks'., tour of Europe, Lillian
Bell eays that if she were asked to men
tion the most beautiful object In nature
she would be obliged to say "An* Austrian
cavalry officer." 5S&5
St. Andrew's is the oldest Presbytreian
church in South Africa, and it has for
nearly seventy-five years been the garri
pon church for Presbyterian ¦ soldiers in
Cape Town. It is proposed to erect a
building to seat about 1200 people.
FORT WAYNE. Ind.. Oct. 24.— The body of
the late Hon. famuel E. Meres, editor of the
Iiidlanapo'.l* fk-ntinel. «ac brought here . for
burial to-day. The body was taken direct
from the station to Lindeawood Cemetery.
I The flae of the fair was then unfurled
above the building by Mrs. J. W. Frankel.
secretary of the auxiliary board of lady
managers, the ceremony being conducted
by C. F. Hatfleld,; secretary of the board
of directors of the World's Fair Fraternal
Building: Association.
Speeches followed from Lee W. Squlers,
president of the Associated Fraternities
of- America:* Mrs. .G.L. Miller, president
of the' auxiliary; board of 'lady managers;
E. . O. Wood,: president of Uho National
Fraternal Congress, and Lieutenant Gov
ernor W. A! Northcott of Illinois.'
President D. R. Francis of the World's
Fair delivered the address of welcome,
which was responded to by President
Noah M. Given of the Fraternal Building
Association. • « ,
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2I.-A service of the
greatest magnitude of. any since the dedi
cation of the Louisiana Purchase Exposi
tion itself was conducted on the exposi
tion ground* this afternoon in the dedica
tion of the Temple of Fraternity, a bulld^
Ing of immense proportions, in which con
ferences and meetings of fraternal or
ganizations will be held. The style of
architecture of the structure is an adap
tation of the Parthenon at Athens, and
contains eighty committee rooms, a large
room and an open court, in the 'center.
At 1:30 o'clock the ceremony began with
a Parade to "the fair grounds, in which
scores of different national fraternal or
ganizations were represented. When the
procession had reached the fair grounds
the long line was augmented by the pro
cession of the woman's auxiliary branches
of . the organizations, and * the line of
march was then direct to the Temple of
Fraternity. : .
Thousands of . people surrounded the
building, as since daylight the different
trains had been pouring streams of vis
itors. , . - ;-,
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 24.— The strike of
the members of the Butchers' Union con
tinues to embarrass the wholesale butch
ers, and while a famine In the products
of- the s'aughter-house is not anticipated,
patrons of retail butcher shops are obliged
to be satisfied with cuts less choice than
under normal conditions. . .¦t:.'"'
In order to meet the demand for meats
the boss butchero have all agreed to go
into the slaughter-houses to-moi row" and
put In the day killing and cutting up
beeves in preparation for the Monday
morning supply. They will be assisted
by many of the retailers. In thle ;way It
is expected the depleted meat supplies
will be replenished. • > I
The striking butchers profess to be san
guine of victory in their demands for
shorter working hours and more wages
and declare they can afford td wait until
the boss butchers come to terms. Coun
try slaughterers | . are helping out the
wholesalers . by bringing in slaughtered
sheep and hogs.
NEWARK, N. J:. Oct. 24.— The commis
sioner named by the New York court in
which action has been begun to invali
date the settlement made by the heirs of
Mrs. Charles L. Fair with heirs of her
husband visited Caldwell to-day to take
the final testimony of Mrs. Hannah Nel
fon, mother of Mrs. Fair. Mrs. Nelson
was too ill to testify and the hearing was
again postponed.
Mrs. Nelson Too 111 to Testify.
± emple at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition
Is Dedicated.
Los Angeles Conditions
Show No Sign of Im
. provemerit.
STRIKE VEXES
BOSS BUTCHERS
GIVEN TO CAUSE
OF FRATERNITY
Wilcox of California won the pole vault
by jumping«ll feet 2 inches. Irwin of the
Olympic Club was second, with 11 feet
flat, and Eymmes of California third with
10 feet 9*£ Inches. The officials were Fred
Burgess, starter: timers and Judges, Wil
liam Drum and Herbert Houser.
The first event was the 1000-yard running
race which was won by G. A. Newhall of
the University of California in 2:24 4-5.
Taylor of the University of Nevada was
second and Hackley of California third.
Clifford. Moody and LlRda. were also com
petitors. Considering the heaviness of the
track the time was not slow. The world's
record of 2:13 was made by L. E. Meyers
in 18S4.
BERKELEY, Oct. 24.— Under the auspi
ces of the Pacific Athletic Association two
athletic events were run off on Berkeley
Oval this afternoon. The association .orig
inally Intended to hold an Indoor meet,
but v.hen this failed it decided to give
two events on this day, in order to reward
these who had trained for it. Gold .med
als were awarded to the winners.
1000-Yard Race for Newhall.
Orinda Girls Dance.
The domino party given by Orinda Par
lor, Native Daughters of the Golden West,
in the assembly hall of the Red Men's
building last night for the benefit of the
parlor's fund for the sick was a decided
success, the hall being crowded. It was
a well conducted affair, with good music
and a well balanced programme of dances.
It was under the direction of Emma Gru
ber Foley. Martha Regner. Sarah Zarn
mutt. Hannah Mahoney, Alma Remiers
and Estelle Thomas.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 24.-Perhaps
the ..first instance in State where an
Indian has appealed to a County Board
of Supervisors for aid occurred here to
day. A petition from Chief Cabazon was
filed in the office of the clerk of the
board asking assistance in his extreme
old age.
Cabazon is now over 100 years old and
bowed with his weight of years and rheu
matism. In the'early days of this valley
he was the most powerful chief of
Southern California Indiana and fre
quently displayed great bravery In pro
tecting the white settlers from massacre
at the hands of Mexican outlaws and
renegade tribes from Nevada.
On one occasion he and his captain, one
Antonio, with a handful of warriors sur
prised a band of outlaws who were col
lecting In San Timote Canyon, northeast
of here. Intending to-inurder the settlers.
After a sharp battle Cabazon's band ex
terminated the- Mexicans, though with
great loss to his followers. Forty of Ca
bazon's tribe were killed . and many
wounded. Only a few years ago the
bones of those slain in this battle < were
gathered by the pioneers and Riven de
cent burial. All the pioneers and their
families have signed Cabazon's petition
for aid. ,
Special Dispatch to The Can.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24. — Announcement
was made to-day . of results of the
matches for the championship of the
United States Revolver Association, held
at various ranges, throughout the coun
try. Having received all of the official
scores, A. -L. A. HImmelwright of this
city, secretary and treasurer of the a*sr>
ciation, formaliy declared J. E. Gorman
of San Francisco revolver champion cf
the United States, Thomas Anderton cf
Boston. Mass.. ptstel champion, and Dr.
R. H. Sayre of this city military revolver
champion. In addition to these contests
there was the re-entry military revolver
event, which was won by Anderton.
Anderton and Sayre were members of
the American Revolver Tram that recent
ly defeated th- French experts In the in
ternational cable match. .Gorman 13 the
world's 100-shot record holder.
The United States Revolver Association
held its tournament on the ranges at Sea
girt, N. J.. Boston. Chicago, St. Loui3 and
San Francisco. It was the most exten
sive and the most successful yet held by
the organization.
In the match for the revolver champion
ship Gorman made a total score of 454
out of a possible 500. HImmelwright, who
shot in San Francisco, made ten less.
winning second prize by only ona point
from J. B. Crabtree of Springfield. Mass.
The American Presbyterians have es
tablished a new mission on the Sobat
River, beyond Khartoum, and 2000 miles
below Egypt. It is an uncivilized region,
and the language has nothing in common
with the Egyptian Arabic.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Deputy Sheriff
Wallace to-day received an attachment
for $1050 acainst the property of John
Alexander Dowie in favor of Robert E.
Farley of White Plains, N. Y. Farley
is an attorney at. White Plains and the
attachment is said to be for legal ser
vices rendered In the case of J. Luther
Piersou, a former Zionist, who was ar
rested for allowing his daughter to die of
catarrhal pneumonia without a doctor's
attendance. When Pierson was arrested
Farley says he was retained by Dowie to
defend the man. who was convicted and
fined. The case was then .taken to the
appellate division,, where the conviction
was reversed. Later the Court of Ap
peals sustained the conviction and Pier
son paid, a fine of $500 to District Attor
ney Youngs in White Plains through Far
ley.
There was a comparatively small at
tendance at the evening meeting of the
Zlon Host in Madison-square Garden. Dr.
Dowie had not returned from Boston in
time to be present. The meeting was
very late In beginning because the Zion
ists were late in returning from their
afternoon excursion about the harbor.
Deacon V. V. Barnes made a short ad
dress on the political situation in Zion
City, saying that he believed there was
no better governed city in the country.
Deacon Daniel Sloan then conducted the
display of some two hundred stereopticon
views of Zion City and explained the
physical aspect of the place. In closing,
the speaker said he believed that God
had sent a new leader to this world, and
that that man was John Alexander Dowie.
"When .Dowle> picture was shown the
Zionists greeted it with loud applause.
Dowie returned to his quarters in tha
Fifth Avenue Hotel at 11- o'clock to-night.
BOSTON, Oct. .24.— To bid good-by to
his wife and son upon' their departure for
England on the way to Australia, Dr.
John Alexander Dowie, leader of the Host
of Zlon and self-styled Elijah II, was In
Boston for several hours to-day. It was
known that Mrs. Dowie, the "overseer" In
Zlon, and A. J. Gladstone Dowie, her «on,
were to sail from this port on the Sax-"
onia, but the coming of Dr. Dowie was
unheralded. About the time that he reach
ed Boston,, at 5:30 o'clock this morning,
reports came from- New York that the
prophet was about to leave America and
go with his wife to Australia, and Dowie
was kept busy denying his intention to
flee from his work ! and his followers.
Dr. Dowie and party were driven from
'South station to the steamship docks in
East Boston, and after the steamer sail
ed Dowie ; returned directly to his car.
There was no demonstration during • his
stay in the city. He left for New York
at 2 o'clock.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— A large party of Zlon
restorationists returned from New York
to-day. There were about 150 of Dowie's
followers on the train when it reached
Zloh City. Of this -number twenty-five or
thirty were suffering from severe colds
but- none^ were In a serious condition!
They all insisted that Dowle's mission in
New York, had been a success and that
the stories of dissatisfaction in the ranks
of the restoration^ host were false The
statement was made by one"' of Dowle's
lieutenants to-night that 250 recruits
would be sent .to New York on Monday
morning to take the places "of those who
were compelled to return to Zion City.
Swears Out an Attach
ment Against His
Property.
Gorman Declared Cham
pion of the United
States.
Chief Cabazon Applies
to San Bernardino
Supervisors.
SAN FRANCISCAN
REVOLVER KING
ATTORNEY SUES
ELIJAH DOWIE
AGED INDIAN
ASKS FOR AID
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 24.— Joseph W.
Folk, Prosecuting Attorney of St. Louis,
to-night announced his candidacy for the
Democratic nomination for Governor to
one of the largest political meetings ever
held in this city. Excursion trains from
every part of Northern Missouri brought
in large crowds.
Folk Aspires to Governorship.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Oct. 24.— Perry W S.
Heath of Utah, secretary of the Republi
can National Committee, stated to-day
that after the election next month a call
will be issued for the usual meeting of
the Republican National Committee in
"Washington, D. C, December 9 or 10, for
the puVpose of selecting a place and time
for the national nominating convention of
1904. The convention, he believes, will be
held near the middle of next June. Only
three cities up to this time have entered
the race for the convention. They are
PIttsburg, St. Louis and Detroit, although
it Is understood that Chicago will become
an active asporant.
Republican Committee Will Decide
Upon Place in December.
NATIONAL CONVENTION.
As the campaign had only fairly start
ed when the postal cards were sent out
and cyclonic "changes are always likely to
take place In the last week of New York
campaigns, the Herald makes no predic
tion.; It merely records the fact that the
canvass seems to Indicate that Low will
be elected. On the' face of the data re
ceived he will carry Brooklyn by 55,538
plurality and Richmond by 2463 plurality.
McClellan, on the face of the replies re
ceived, will carry Manhattan by 2004 and
Queens by 872 plurality. The figures in
Manhattan and Bronx, showing that
<3rout, for Controller, will run 19,000
ahead of McClellan, are surprising.
The poll was conducted jointly by the
Herald and the Brooklyn Eagle. Trie
Eagle canvassed Brooklyn and Queens
and the Herald Manhattan and the Hronx
and Richmond. Each paper tabulated its
return's and each took the figures and
made its own calculations.
NEW -YORK," Oct. ; 24.— The Herald
prints' Its first postal card poll of voters
who are registered 'this year for the pur
poBe of voting on November 3. The poll
is based on the first two days of registra
tion, when much less than half of the
vote was registered. Therefore the re
sult Is not conclusive.
Special-Dispatch to The Call.
Grout, , for Qpntroller, Will
Run Far Ahead ':¦ of
Result! of.. New York
Herald's, Postal: Card
;v.v .Canvass. ;
POLL INDICATES
LOW'S ELECTION
THE SAN ;; FRANCIBCfO 'AOAIiEj SU2tt>A:Y, n OCTOBER ~25v 1903:
24
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
A TREMENDOUS ' IPBI® CHASE and '$/UJ£
BOUGHT -ROM THE PARISIAN CLOAK AND SUIT CO. OF NEW YORK AT I
f mm \ <IT the tkr«bcld of a great geagen we announce the biggest, the timeliest and the moat Important 8nlt
{-/I * «„-„ „„„*¦ ¦h«ir\~*~.-<rn7^cT rmy other store In_thi3_city. It will be a gala that will command widespread s GmMf&&^
i fc-*"^ M >.n»«*nf.tht high character of the ¦tocfc, .enabling every woman to «ecnre garments In C&Jtf THP
; the heltrhtV f-"«hloE at' al west one-half the_regTilar_»eUlng_prtco. Thl« extraordinary event_l»__th«_regnlt Trr*^ .««««-• . .
7F7u71^ S "tc'-^'rcprc S " e atati7e-8_luc)cy_purcliase_of. about .lS00.Bnlti L Jiic3cef and Sfclrts-all the latest Tall S^ m M JSk fflffilj
styies.~ani xrhlca he ) ,m*TiTrjj r rr"- t^ < '- p - arl * lan Cloak and Svdt OomT)any cf ew YorlE at 65 ° on the ¦ dollar. JW *LJr BL* EL*iJ^^KL^r
They~are cow cffcrejftc yott_cn_thg_iiamej>a«la — at price* that wlU gemon«trate_beyond_que«tlon_THE8E_to .. .:•:;,";
' be the grf.aregt*valne« t : verjpUcedJ>efore the pnbllo— and remember that every garment !¦ made up of faahlon'a choicest materlala. In the net -wortananahlp
the variety H %r> rrtt.t That we can fill every demand. Only _a few of the many ltemw are mentioned here. . . . . ,- . . .
8 EXT<A SALESPEOPLE, 1 | SALE BEGINS AT 9 O'CLOCK | | . EXTRA TITTERS, ""jl
NEW SUITS. o^fe J^b\ SUITS. - 1
Rc5 Value S22 50 and $25. for \X <$g?rW 'd&pW Reg. Value $35, for
Cheviot* and Veneti&ni in S}\ a <«t Qff[ /C^CVWo^ n**jb v T-^P Broadcloth, Zlbtllnaa, AAA QCZ
. Blue. Brown " and Black, sk R «.I/vJ X^\.\VvVC^ B*£U \s? ChevloU and Fancy Mix- 3 3»%J%3
skirt.-.; and plain: Blouses \Jt 8 %Jt Farh ( "W\M/L /TliY \V^=^v. Jf?W^ tures — The greatest varl- «JteMFach
with or without Capes, neat- T La( ' 11 \ x\y AQri <C? II 't^O j^ . *sfW%T>^ ei y to choose from — In four i-auii
ly trimmed, single and double breasted: a V •>! *)/*/ J 1 1 / M t\v w'^WliS/i <*wN different lengths. Suits in handsome mill-
big varletv to choose from. Sale i*rlce. .$13.95 \C V ** 'JP' J \v' \ VlV* (¦ XG9&ST Yi i {"'r'u v;/IV'\ tary effects, with single and double capes.
.-'•' V^si-^rE/ 1 k V '. r. \!Tr-iL_r-^JTT '' beautifully trimmed. Magnificent vnlue at
new suits, jpr A\v jfmM II « iS^Siiiii
Res Value S30. for /%\j MY^fi^^ t { V M> WbW SUllS.
t .^. e:i f.' ?;i!,, P S? S" & 1 7.45 H?>J *SM£2HI / Ki i| [t'WlV Reg - Value $40 and $5a for
made with shoulder cape and tT« g A Farh 1-^L H ' \ l\ t If 7*TL ' ¦', li;i,'irli Kovelty Sulta of Import- |7>O£"fe 71
new «=leeves?; collarlrss; very t Lgi> 1 \ /t['r I I rilt ' I 'i' u l ed Tweeds and fancy faii*' *"
j>rettil> trimmed: mn?t extraordinary suit V t ,\ i\ Oj '', 11 \ 1} /_j" • p V >"•' ¦ /J*\ linked Zlbellnes, in ex- \l5 »B **Jv Ei)ch
values; easily worth J30.00. Sale price.... i >^_>5\ «N\ lL^y i\ \ // v ttH ' ' A ->i*LWi* tremely long effects; both 1 ,,
917.45 :k p^yyk \ Jfrl Till // ' Jacket and Blouse Suits; very swell looking
t l T^^S. J*VV 1 /I / / 'w / f''Tl 1 ''M garments.- Immense. value at $33.75
High Class Separate Skirts, I M2fbJ jfl \ M$m I sahple suits.
r>uring this sale you have also an op- /~f>— '' V \ J\JrL^/A > / Xxw Al> '/l/'i'M;' lu^\ *— ™"^ mmmmmm " — "" —— '
portunity to Ptlect from about 60 N'ov- / f 7?^' // \y L^/f/fsifi ¦' VvvS 'iSlU'A \- (' '¦) l"'i 'V^'iA Included are about 40 very high class
elty Dress Fkirts at a great reduction. r~Tk "' 7^J_l^\ /VlT h/// f V.vi* /i>3, ¦' './ r<<Hl ,'-Vi' \A Novelty SuitST^one to two of a kind —
Mo'st cf them are of the finest Black j f^fev v \>y jL^^y I I W V) Wf / '/j/'V >/i ' l*vft? most effectively trimmed of the swellest'
Etamine. with Silk Drops; they are f=4^L'f^*^tt^Ck^Xf (if V~ v,''jf h' i 1 jlliblv?* materials — that were made to sell from
worth almost double; on sale ft 1^ -. Jj U'tJ%< i^^^^S $50.00 to $85.00. Your choice at
$15.00, $18.75 to $27.50 Each. [ [ t $35.00 and $42.50 Each.
DRESS AMD WALKING SKIRTS. JACKETS AND MILITARY COATS.
$7.50 SKIRTS for $10.50 SKIRTS f oT J $7.50 and $8.50 Jackets for $12.50 Coats for
A very flr.e lot of Walkin* rt _ n - I Dress Skirts, with drops. mad« ftr Fitted and B'.ouse Jackets, in A - nr S* h^kiV jfrpmft^d O 0 QR
Fkirts, in tan. gray. er«*n and PA Ph of Etamlnc and Cheviot, stylish- 00.95 tan - covert and b!ack chevtotn: <P A KR ~,Vh«?t JweST t-l'rnnW with \K' 33
black-also fancy mixtures, nice- AtL 1^^ jy trimmed with ellk bands, all \f\ l OJ they are groat values, but the Aft' U^ box frent stvle Tlned w th OU E lc h
ly pleated; actual value. $7.50. WTuik sUes; Kood value at $ i 0 .50. WU Jtteh sizes are broken In this lot. W~ S»oh saUn
. > . . cuaranteea satin. .
$8.50 SKIRTS for $15.00 SKIRTS for $10 50 Jackets and Coats for CravcncttcRaln Coats,
Drees and Walking Ekirts. in nr _____^^_______ • y ou co uld not K«t better ones ** t n «r
black, blue an.l gray cl»th— \j* C Mh Dress and Walking Skirts of -^ rn Tan and Ulack Kersey. In two A rr under $22.50. Fully BO Inches S'lJHh
also mixture*— very fine fitting AH the be?t black Cheviot and fancy \* 11 nil styles: a military collarlers style H"P Mh long, with velvet collars and A I J *f
»kirts. elegantly finished; Sf^fltth material. trimmed with UAj and fitted ccat; the latest sleeve; AH double uhoulder capes. Sale W IW E»ca
worth $8.50. circular silk bands; great valu». WW Eieh fl ne garment; worth $10.50 each. W** Each price, $13.95. ' •
Fmir Stprlin^ Rrp<;<; Tionri^ Raroains creates* savings in black silks.
and Tue?dny. These Fllka are of a standard nnallty that are familiar to every purchaser of
Again for to-morrow t; have plgoned a rouging dress goods sale, fabrici In the pood Mark silk; they are by far the best values we have yet offered. ¦ ,
height nf fashJon. at irreylntlMe prices — you know what crowds responded to our last * ... _ _ . .. . . _ ¦ . , . ¦ . • -,;"
week's Fperial Fa> r.t dress gno-ly and their praises of the values were moxt gratify- 27-mCli BlaCk T3ff6t3, ¦ .¦.'-¦¦OD'InCIl- "6311 OB SOIC,
Ire. THKSE: ere evrn better: Thk, ls a quality well worth —_ r> A ¦ *ur>«rb quality double faced **. nr .
— ¦¦'-* ¦; ' . . «. „ _^ $1.00; a silk full or luster and #UI, black Peau de. Sole. 36 Inches ff» I •¦ 4 h
Black Ctamlne. Colored Voile Etamine. . enspness. fuu>- 27 mches wide, igy.wide. th« $1.75 quanta ; immense a | |U «
— — —— — __^^_____ absolutely fast black dye. v , .• ;¦ ¦ "Y»rd value at... *...'.• W ¦ T»rd
t^&^S-'^SS^SmS'qqC w^^one^^anu^^fn^e 1 - 1 CQC GOOD NOTIONS AND LIN1 NGS-Speciall y Priced.
In all wool, coarse, open-mesh «|ii wide, a light weight, open-work |lT ¦ . . ' _ Z . • - . . , . , — T^~ :r ~TTr-
naitertal of a de«p. rich black. "Wliri material. In colors of tan. navy. V^Ytti Unop SUDDOfterS. t9fiDair^- * '^ plRS)>; /• vIOuf-30c Grade Saleen' 19C¥d
very popular for a stylish black gown. The castor, gray, new blue, cream and black. nuoc *U|«F UIIBI9 » l «*»' al i'.|4e tor 6c Invisible hair pins. »¦"«*"» uibuc uoipch, m\.ju
11.50 p-ade. sale prlc* OSo yard r^y; -Pinon and Sewoa" rubber ! 22c r for checked rubber cuffs. 36 lnche ~* w ' d «. in' the leid-
Black Venetian. Satin Finished Zlbellnes. e u*f SS& Q «?c! ty " c for loop 8heU halr plns - SciX"' . ft . 8o ., b ! a io k c :
THE J2O0 QUALITY— Black . ._ THE $1.50 QUALITY— ZIbe- __ I -Jl««» Bolt* CC« »* n h ARf* ffir FfllTPV RllftniiC Bfngallhe Mprrcn, 50c Yard.
EngtlsK Venetian. M inche. wide. Q I Aft lln*. 50 Inches wide, rxtra heavy, Q Q P LaOleS BellS, DOC 68011. lUl rdllUy DUHUnSi T he very W quality thM
extra heavy weirht. of a most A I •^ u fcatln finUh, In Ideal tailor 30^, — '¦ ' ' • ¦ l-seasbn's popular petticoat
beautiful finish. fa« black, wl Tard made effects, colors navy. gray. "WY»rd A great variety; worth $t.00 The latest for shirt waists material. 38 Inches wide in
London dye. suitable for the finest tailor green, brown and black; good value at each; latest novelties crushed and suits;, worth T5c- to ! $1.00 the leading colors- good
suite and coats; a bargain at $1.45 yd <1.50 yard. - v.' leather belts; newe«t colors. ' dozen. . . . ¦¦. ¦ ¦ . -value <...:.. .:OSe yard
New Kavser country orders receive prompt attention ' Soecfal in
Silk Gloves, m^J^& 0 * ¦ fi %m^$?'dt7\ Cheviot Waists at
white sr.d bbek: every pair sruar- €3*-^^ tim .^^IJJJI 1 bpH1*>s— finisiiPd in taiior-marto. box-
ar.teed; finp.rs arc double tipped; ffiJH ®*Wfi*»**^ *^*lf<^g**&Z$?
sizes 5 to 7Y2- • '..... at • • - • • > • Mi . v.$1^5o Each
ADVEBTISEiTEXTS.
cures
Humphreys' Specific •'Seventy-seven"
cures Coughs, Colds, Grip. Influenxa. Ca-
tarrh, Pains and Soreness In the Head
and Chest. Hoarseness and Sore Throat
AVXIL1ARIES TO "SEVENTT-SEVKX."
The alternation of Humphreys' No. 1.
for Fevers, quickens the action of "T».** .;¦
Humphreys' No. 10, for Dyspepsia and
Indigestion, sweetens the stomach— a
great nelp In time of Colds.
Humphreys* No. 15 cleanses the system
of Uric Acid, rendering the rheumatic Im-
mune— carj brave exposure and cold.
' In small bottles of pleasant pellets that
fit the vest pocket.
At Druggists*. 23 cents, or mailed.. .
Humphreys' 5M. Co.. cor. William and John
•irteUt New York.
DR. PIEZCE'S REMEDIES. -
not show the original signa-
ture of the individual volunteering the tes-
timonial below.'and also of every testimo-
nial among; the thousands which they are
constantly publishing attesting: the superior
curative properties of their se.veral medi-
cines, ana thus proving the genuineness
and reliability of all the multitude of testi-
monials volunteered by grateful people, in
their behalf.
World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.
r THE REASON. — There is no medicine
equal to Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery, for purifying the blood. It carries
off the poisons which contaminate the life
fluid. It increases the activity of the
blood-making glands and gives the body
an increased supply of pure, body-building
blood. It builds up the body with sound,
healthy flesh instead of flabby fat, pro-
motes the appetite, feeds the. nerves, and
so gives, to weak, nervous people vitality
ana vigor. .
"Afiouta year ago I had a very bad cough
and feared 'it would -run in\o consumption."
writes Hon. Geo. W. Lynch, of 57 Mason Street.
Worcester,- Mass. ' "When a severe attack of
coughing -would come on vomitingf would set in.
Matter accumulated in nose aud .my,- tonsil*
were irritated. After reading cf the wonderful'
cures resulting from Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery Degan to use it, with some doubts
as to the good it would do me, I am frank to
say.- But; after I had used one bottle I noticed
quite a change for the better. Ordered five more
bottles and before I had used them all the cure
was complete. There is not .now. a trace of
cough or cold in my system and my health is
perfect."
To gain knowledge of your own body— in
sickness and health — send for the.iPeople'8
Common Sense Medical Adviser. " A book
of 1008 pages. Send 21 cents in stamps for
paper-covered, . or, 31 stamps : for . cloth^
bound copy., Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, C6:
Mairv Street; Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVEBTISEiyTTSTITS. '
. San Francisco, Sunday, 25 October. 1903.
Strongly made, well
finished dining table
$12^
Built of oak, finished golden color. Measures ,42
by 42 inches when closed, and can be extended to six
feet in length. Has five gracefully shaped legs and is \
mounted on strong castors.
If you are anxious to furnish a dining-room com-
fortably, at little cost, begin with this table. Other
equally inexpensive 'furniture pieces to match will be
found here. _^ _^___
Quite a number of new chiffoniers have just come
on the ftoor, and most of them are priced surprisingly
¦> low. One in oak, golden finish, with mirror, hat box,
small drawers and large ones, is marked $16.50.
The same chiffonier " without mirror is priced
$11.00. ..
We expect to be over on Geary street next month. .
The now seven-story building is rapidly being prepared
for us. There will be no removal sale.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
¦ • • ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
tWE TREAT AND CURE
CATARRH. Nose and Throat Trouble*. Nervous Diseases. Kidney
*od Ll- er Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease. Disease* of
the Etomaeta and Bowels, Piles. Fistula «ni Rectal Dlseass.', Fenui,
Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children, Rickets. Spin.
• 1 Troubles. Skin Dlseaees, Deafness Asthma, Bronchial and Lung
TrtwblMi. Rheumatism. Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hysteria. Ear DU-
eases. Goitre or B<g Neck. Varlcoeele. Lost Manhood, etc; Blood
DUeasra. Private Diseases. Scrofula and all forms of Nerroua an!
Chronic Dlreuea <th«t are curable).
1 OU* MOTTO: A low fe».9 ifiHAaSSSS**.
hinlck car*. xbMA aad painless A^T^^^^^k
I Coneult&tloa. la person ox /L
I by letter fre» to all. call or f*SK
I HOME CURES BY MAIL ° R *W
t Do not despair because ycu live at a distance from thecitr Dm VfifSjff stf&flL.
Fhores- new rystem of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy to Vet
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new tymptom blank jS^eSwS^i*
covers «-*ery fjraptom of disease which ena.ble« them to diaraoie /Vr±jfxWf>Jy'
>ou» c*»r tnd t«il you what your trouble U. what can be don. for J, &V2&W/J&
you. and what the coet of a cure will be. WRITE if you «nnS JmZTGtZWl&r
'«II for -heir n«w eymptom ll«t «nd taie «t3v»nta»re of th» jrurv
EXAMINATION. Whether you taie treatment or not. th! ad
v>c« cost* you nothing. Dr O W* 8h
| WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
. Jf yon sufler from any of the weaknesses r .y r * mr * 7°° first and then ask a RBA.
cr <31s«ase« caused by lrnorance. excess or EONABLE FEE when you are cured. Ton
Tf$%£°& A T n £J H T E O VERr PER8 °* g^U^hV^nd^^;
- W« hav» proven our ekm In enrln« WANT TO CURE TOU with tha di.tini?
CHRONIC dis«aaea by publlsh!n« the many understanding that we will not demand,
voluntary testimonials from home people. FEE unUl we cure you. This aDDliea tn
£iviR» names, pictures and addresses. . L-°st Manhood, Seminal Weakness Sper
We Cant Publish Our Cures In
I Private Diseases. 3£5.*2&JF%S?w22i£g^Z
Ber a«se tt would betray confidence. Hence ' saen. WEAKNESSES ol v
• w« have to prove oar skill In this cla«« of OPTICE HOURS: 9 « m tr, *.an « «. .
trembles Jn another way. This t« our plan. ETenlnrs 8:30 to 8; Sundays 'lOaT'm to™V
j Drs. Shores &. Shores, Expert Specialists, 9M^M«^««?^;John Turner to Be Deported.
NEW YORK. Oct. U.— John Turner, the I
Englishman, who while delivering an ad- i
drees was arre.«t»>d la*t night by officers ¦
-if the Immigration Bureau, the arrest J
!>cing made under that section of the lm- :
migration law empowering the Secretary
of Commerce and Labor to apprehend j
p.nd deport anarchists, was given a hear- j
ing before a board of special Inquiry at!
Ellis Island to-day. He was ordered ex
cluded and will be deported next Wednes
c"jij*.
n. Welder** rou^injr.electrlfylnjr and <!t majr
be) electing Roosevelt Ma.irh at leading store*. ?
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. <3ct. ZL— Callfornians In
New York: San Francisco— J. R. Cole, Im
perial; E. L.. King, Herald Square; J.
I-ugsdin, Manhattan: C. H. Sherman,
Herald Square; J. Dubols, Manhattan;
Mrs. G. E. Gray. Rossmore; E. Harper
and wife. Hoffman; W. H. Heuer, Hotel
Albert: A. E. Magrill. Arlington; Captain
J. II. Marshall, Union Square: Mrs. S.
Steele. Hotel Grenoble; Miss B. Warel,
Hotel York.
Santa Barbara-C. H. Friend. Everett.
Los Angeles— W. E. Brown and wife.
Holland: Miss E. Dlckerson, St. Denis;
W. B. CMnc, Arlington.
ASN0LI>-F0BST__. WINS
BY HEAGES MAJORITY
New British Wax Secretary and Lord
Stanley Are Returned to
Parliament.
BELFAST. Oct. 24.— Arnold-Forster has
been re-elected to represent West Belfast
in Parliament on his appointment as Sec
retary of War, defeating Patrick Demp
eey, Nationalist, by the rather meager
majority of 245. Owing to his recent ac
cident, Arnold-Forster was unable to par
ticipate in the campaign.
Ivord Stanley has been re-elected with
out opposition, on his appointment as
Postmaster General, to represent West
Haughton in Parliament.
MINTSTEB TO PEBSIA.
IS FINED IN ITALY
Declines to Ask Clemency of King to
Escape Punishment of His
Offense.
ROME, Oct. :4.-Richard Pearson, for
merly United States Consul at G«noa and
now Minister to Persia, has been fined
>60 and tlB costs for Insulting an Italian
railway offlcial last December, previous to
hl» appointment as Minister. The Gov
ernment was desirous of settling the In
cident by pardoning Pearson but the lat
ter refuted to ask for the king's clem
ency, as prescribed by law.
Pearson, on December 2. had some
¦words at Genoa with some other passen
ecrs about eeats In a car, and an em
ploye of the road intervened, whereupon
Pearson, U is aaid, used insulting lan
guage in addressing the employe. The
train left and the Incident would have
been closed If Pearson on returning to
Genoa had not made a report to the sta
tion master against the employe, repeat
ing the alleged insults in writing and
tinning his name as Consul General of
the United States, thus compelling the
employe to defend himself. The .latter
used the Consul General's letter as evi
dence before th« Judicial authorities and
Pearson, not appearing, he was sentenced
by defau't.
HALIFAX, N. S., Oct. U.— Replying to
& reference rc2<Se in the Canadian House
cf Commons by Senator Pierce of New
Urunswick to the possibility of the United
.Slate? obtaining possession of Greenland,
to the detriment of Canadian interests,
the Halifax Chronicle, the leading news
paper support of Sir Wilfrid Leurier la
Nova Scotia, advocates the purchase of
the island by Canada. Th« Chronicle
ea ye :
"Unless prompt action la taken, — •
shall no doubt awaken eome dark morn-
Ing to find that our neighbors have en
compassed us on the east also, and that
v-e have another 'arbitration' to face. At
; 'u>. if we cannot secure Greenland by
purchase Tor Canada, let us have some
Ofinlte imperial pronouncement with ref
erence to it. analogous to the Monroe
Doctrine.
"The northern half of this continent is
by choice and by right British. The
Americans bought land on our northwest,
solely for the purpose of annoying us and
lessening the value of our country. They
ero quite capable, if unchecked, of pur
euin* a similar policy in the east. Now
Is the time to take action, or. at least,
to rpeak out a plain warning."
MONTREAL. Oct. 24.— Sir Charles Tup
per~ predecessor of Sir Wilfrid Lauiier In
the Canadian Premiership, returned to
Canada to-day after having taken part
in Chamberlain's fiscal campaign. In an
interview on the Alaskan award he said:
• "The loss of Canadian territory Is due
p.!most entirely to the policy adopted by
Sir Wilfrid Laurier. If Sir Wilfrid had
maintained the position he took in com
pany with the late Baron Herschell be
fore the High Commission in Quebec,
when the proposal of the United States
that the boundary question should be left
to three arbitrators of the two countries
v;&B made, there would have been no euch
decision In the matter of the Alaskan
V-oundary. The loss of this territory Is
/¦ntirely due to the vacillating: policy of
P-ir Wilfrid Laurier. Before I left for
England in the early part of the summer
1 trxpiessed the opinion that the result
of the arbitration could not be other than
disastrous to Canadian Interests, and the
"award fully justifies the opinion that I
h«ld. I am glad to see that Sir Wilfrid
l^aurier now proposes to do what I pro
rrscd to do before I left Canadian poll
tics, and which proposal I made to the
Premier across the floor of the House,
that is, the buildine of a railway from
Dawson City to the head of water navi
gation. What I proposed four years agro
he is now prepared to crant."
LONDON, Oct. 24.— There has not been
much comment thus far on Premier Laur-
Ws expressions of regret in the House
of Common* in Ottawa on Monday at the
fact that Canada did not have treaty
making powers. The newspaper head
lines refer to It ?.s a "striking" and "re
markable" utterance.
The St. James Gazette argues that "the
demand is somewhat unwarrantable and
:mj>o6s5ble eo long as Canada Is depend
ent Tor txternaJ defense upon the mother
country.** and expresses the belief that
the Canadian aspirations for greater In
dependence — ould be most practicably
realized bf working for the Institution of
a federation throughout the country.
The Globe says Premier Laurier's
"present indiscretion — to call it no worse —
if it stood alone, might be charitaJaly at
tributed to a momentary gust ef unpatri
otic Impulse, but upon previous occasions
similar ill-considered language has slip
ped from his lips and tends to cast doubt
on his loyalty and devotion to the British
crown."
Newspaper Proposes Promu 1 
gation of a "Monroe
Doctrine."
Pears United States
Will Annex the
Country.
CANADA WOULD
BUY GAEENUHD
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, BUNDAt, OCTOBER 25; 1»U3.
25
1 " , * M
'0 Safe of Our Entire Stock Indian Curios, Baskets, Blankets, Etc., at Half Price, Continues This Week. -g
\ Charming Evening Hats $12.50 •^*«'#«^*;i»«r*~ ¦ Umbrella Trunk Safe I
f ¦ . 4 ; sale goods ordered by vtaitor telephone will not be sent C.O.D. - . -.^j:::^[-.-u Good flat top trunks, covered with i
;• We have prepared a large asso::- ;_. ¦ : *-'— _- _8_t#_r Jbf_t__>f#_t V brown water-proof duck, 4 hardwocd S
j ment of beautiful dress and M^Mt'x fe "t^^^^^. • >X - y«W inVMiraj slat, on top, 2 around bodv and 3 on |
[ veTets 8 h^hl° Ucc brims (^®SK^S^|_S__^«| V^^ JT^ / JL # " $3-00 Values, $1.48 ¦ bottom of trunk, iron bottom, one fall I
\ tr:mm:d in piumes of" black, V^\<^^^^^^^ :^^^f^^. _jLjd^_r_rj|r J^ //^^^BsJ[^^fi^£^J^^WE& We havC Iecurcd a sam P !c Iin= °' par:mtnts \v;';h one in lid; the ar.cl *
;¦ light bue and white: dashing. '"^ T. \'i :^^^^^t^^^^}^l ff £ ft^\/fiwi/ & / W / & / &aJB — p— high grade handles and had them 40 inch 5'7.;s have extra drum tray for -J
f stylish conceptions that shoud V^^^^P^S^^^ CAUF0>RNIA'S- mounted on good- wearing cloth Urn- Besses. On Mcnday only- x
[ :^i;:°zd >: ±: i iS SQ )^mf^m ¦ -•«-«^ «-?¦««^^ s s & jss p ¦ ¦ : : :^8 *
C extremely iou* price. . M & a %0 %* /<^~> H f^^g fffi.fi ' ' N worth 50 and $3.00 each. The g.oo 32-inch s'zt Pi.QQ
J Toqvcs, Tvrbans and Close ' Fating Jtot$-Ths Among a number of reasons why somany thousands Th: h . and " ire c - horn ' ivor >' S i'SSStE ?' 3 w *
i crown ot p ush or novety materials, trimmed c iu l f C r- • _••-•* . »inimed in iterUng sUtct, natural woods, novel- -.. ll J • . .- 7 A% 5
t- with j S t and faced in soft .folded maiine, and v v™g of the people of San ..Francisco and vicinity are permanent tiM h coppcr> luch al arc , hown on Kfh . rh - '-°° 4 -" h " ; 7 -« 5 %
»' trimmed with handsome jetted brea$ts. . .. (^^^ --^_iT^^|i- customers of The Emporium, the principal ones are: p»« d umbrdiai. . „ \%
{ SS.5O aF1Cf S1O.QO ~> v^ f • .. The covering is Ca-o'a and Union TarT-ta, iHiSBt lYiUStC £
S Children's 'Dr«S HatS-In poke eflccts and The convenience of purchasing everything to cat, drink, wear or use in the tb » n which- there h nothing bettrr. for Krvice, TlliS Week ISO \
J other dressy shapes, trimmed with ribbon and Xj^^^K ' ' cme ™ e *° nCIOo: ' _ ¦; .nd tbqf are guaranteed fin color. The five popular th!ej of shce: masic {
t» tips, and faced in shirred chiffons. .... \ The better assortments that can be found in so large an citabhihment. The lizei are z6 and a8 in., for ladles and m-n. named below, selling^ regularly at *
t" . $6*50, $7.50, $8 and $1O : The svperior accommodations— parlors, writing rooms, nursery, lavatories, To-morrow only, yonr.£f Z£O 25c a copy, will be on special sale 5
f Udiu%BbkS|A^y^ telephone and telegraph service, information bureau, postoffice station, cafe, etc. choice"........ v"*"~«» all this week at .. . . . . #5© J
• bnmi of novety materiah, trimmed with aigrette or fancy fcatheri $SmOO \ The lOWCr prlCCS, made possible by the magnitude of the sales. ffnc All-Silk Serge UmbrdlaS, w "^ nov - "There't Nobody Just Lik: You. " *
• Children's and Miises' School Hats— In camtlt hax felt, trimmed with band of ribbon or cord and . The money back principle, which applies to practically everything we sell If e!t y «' ver » horn or peari handles, |' Man of the Moment March." ] %
$ t««el, finish^ with quili«; dozen or difTerent st) -lei, at prices ranging from.. $1.5O to $3.OO goods are returned to us in a reasonable time in the same condition that you e5t frame and steel rod, ladies' or 'jSneia Dear/* _ _ _ „ jj
i Purplt Ytlvet Hits- A ipecal lne, faced in ihirred »io!et Tillc, trimmti with fancy wing, «ilk received, them in. men's size. ., $4.50 "Leonwe, "l v Own^o'nore.^ 11 " {E
[• fiowen and steel ornaments: antvluh and attrattre at a $25.00 imported model, cn'.y . $8.5O i_ . ¦ " ! ' " ' «. t , .' » il . ., '.'^i^' 5
. '¦ Schlrmcr^s Library oi Musical Class- £
\ „ _¦ , ' ~ ' Here's an Early Holiday Sate of !S7^r&f " 0DC thW off |
•: Monday s Big Lsnen aaie , _,_ ._—,. / jb D °" r : :
«» Bia _7^ EMU «1JF i#Pfc> i^n* jgJa <ffl~* jQft|^-p*D.^^TLF;.:r i^jt Prices. Pncet. ¦«
< An offering of well-made, satisfaction-giving Linens S^mJIMMHBlff »w«^ Se^'ilTto^^hSi 1 '" 00 63 ° *
\ that will still further demonstrate our supremacy as re- Wc have ci 0S ed out a jobber', entire stock of genuine ebony-b^ brushes f MOTH O cii^na^':": 1 ": 0 : 1 'To Mo *
;: ttiler. of reliable -domestics" at the least prices. We have never offered better , M mirror$) with sterling, silver mountings. » pretty and popular designs. f| fifS I i (I fif - W Chopin NcT^e, . . . . . 75 %%% %¦
K bargains in Linens— you have never bought better ones. They arrived opportunely for a before-Chrhtmas sale, and to-morrow we shall !tt T^^S "'¦'"¦&¦''' '"' J^l Kuhl»u Sonatinaj '. 50 35o '%
\ Bleached Table Damask- Handsome pattern,, Bleachtd Cr«h-D,m«k dergn, 16 in. : w*d= f ««»-these dainty, high-clasi toilet tab'e accessories at about half their real values. % f j^~^S\ S
; 60 in. vriie; the 5CC kind. Monday, yard. red bcrder, nnishei stlf-edgs. Monday, yird Ebony Clothe* Brush, with ferlirg silver-braded Ebony Hair Brushes, with sterling lilver _, A A B "^>?^a\ fHSi B tf% V#i__ (S? '%
k] . . ; *. . . 38O ¦ . . • ¦ SO border and fancy centered theld in center . . I 65C B • V B E . %JfM%MW%jr9 &
!* Cream Damask— Fully 60 in. wide, undrefstd Bleachtd Huckaback— ao in. wide, close and * ie • • • •*&**•* %M' Ebony Bonnet Brushes, lilyer mount- a^ SB V _¦ Mtt : *Jw' " %
f and hsavy. Mcnday, yard 4So rrn i instead of yard, Monday. . 0O Ebony-handled and Ring Mirrors, *%*% ed • • 35O fg JH • F Oi* Ait (JCC3SIOF1S £
[ Bleached D.mask-The fiae70-in.-w.de 9 ;c Q !« L«n«n - In variety of check,, th: Iri.h I^^ 3 ' 00 ' Velvet Bru.h. .U,er mounted. . e7 O jm_MiJWMI!II ° Ur department Was re- |
; d - k:ad - Mcad^ 75c n;,;/ '"• ' ' T. ': £ Eb0 . ny H " Br . u!h^ i^S^^^- cently removed to a new location, $
|. Bleached Table Cloths -Bjrdered around, new -» . . . ' v '* fU where we are able, under a better •*
i «"«»Eood- Fringed Reitaurant Napkins-Good make, in - liht and morefOOmy quarters, $
» 8-4 size, instead of 1 1. 50 each, Monday . . checks and p a n center* — /*k_f /-v %r ' — ». . _. * • < __ l A «
£ . .... 91.12 ,4x14 in, dozm . . *o 0 On| y Once a Year can Finest Furniture be , to give our giove patrons far bet- $
\ Mo «», instead of *.. 75 «ch, Monday. i6«6 in , do«n 5Oc Bought at present prices, and that's during ter service than formerly. We are J
>;. ' 3 $1.36 18x18 m.,dczrn 60c -. - _ ¦¦ " * ma- m /?** ¦ 6 exceedingly careful m selecting our J
lFrin' s id'l_nch'c.o.hi-Ge t m. c iinen, M Broken Lot5 .///«^, Tar*** ««rf MBWMBM SSiG Hitgfo-Gj*&ltie FUB*nHUi*B and offer only the very J
\ M^^^mM Tt^^Z^e'd^t We want the users ®S Furniture to know how good a stock we have, and dS^f^^SS^ |
;» of f ..o O S ea 4 ch, MondaV fl /^ **«* °/^^' " W^ A r^^ rf to that end have, planned this great sale. • x brief list of gloves suitable for .5
f 69o for this sale. *„ - /7 , . v .-? , . , ' various occasions. S
;. We wtU guarantee you a saving during this sale of from 20 to 40 per cent English Cape Walking oioves-i _r E e da, ? , \
i [ ~~ . Over the prices of exclusive furniture houses for the same, good styles and qualities (if they have them). ' p * t:nt^ ,f T b ' - tan ' *** beaTCTJ ' f n^ X
; ZBiSBlBBIGS S&nSS IlWSBBtniSh Ve U ' an y0U examine the furniture closely, minutely. It is the best furniture made by the best Suede Street G lovcs-The „_ kp* U -J
f "**" American manufacturers. You will not find a single flaw in it. The variety includes many styles of every medium weight, in beavers, «!at« and fa* ;«
'• #MT*''-r#-'_r_*_- necessary article for the home. We have selected for to-day's advertising a few of the many Parlor Suits r ~S* \^ h fc\ ' ' ' ' ' $1 '^P *
X mJXtUrC gene'rou'sly reduced in price.'- (
I- Are the two leading cloths this season. Properly tailored t^^^^^ Parlor Suits t^S^'sm oii«-l^e'__^Is! |
!* thp\; m^llrp thp <;mart ann^arance SO mUCh desired bV W»^li^rJ\ A ig^ 38l^^5Mnff^ff w j^-| . _v^5f^ Mahogsnv Frame Parlor Suit-(S:e pxture). 3 p:ec:i, b:st of the very best Dollar glove made, colcrj, modi, ,J
J. tney maKe me Smart appearance bU IllUUl UW1ICU u > ISr/r/J \L__ tf ¦Vj?//Ss£??i'iVif\l l^^^\ !3r; "S< hair stuffing, elegant qualkvofsilk ' \l ' __ gray, tan,, browns, whte and fast blade., the '$
J* women who wish to be stylishly attired at reasonable &&££•* wi H^'^ll d>m«k covering, was $175.00, reduced to S>l&&.oU n:we»t stitching, pair $1.00 ~%
) nanc . Q " tS- 4^*-^ 't - lf?!^_S^_^il2_[ T^lffl'^'yi B Mahogany Three-piece Parlor Suit— Empire dergn, covered in The Cape Street and Driving Glove-Heavy -J
k ; eXpenbe. Cw^--^y fl^gff *->' * V : '<-t^-^> Vf '^ J V fmi11 figUrcl Vcl0Ur> h ' sh P clih:i maho S^y ,,«- _- outmm s-.w n ? , in tanj and En 3 l : sh reds,pair #
!• The Emporium offers to-morrow the new effects, the most popular tiB$&VVM£}g JH^TiU -W . iftirhu'^^-r 5W^^^ ud=t, w» J115.00, r&a«dto .... .S&J.OO .v... $1.00 x
I weights, the most desirable lines of coloring and mixtures to be found fff^J P^^^^f^ fS_pf : "SS^^a^S J-^'^er^ 1^.!.^..^ '^r^C^^^^ I
I* in the city. In other stores, where assortment of dress goods approach- jji , »'f jl I I »8a. 50, reduced to °. . . SS^h.SO p^r $2,00 »nd $2.75 j«
*• in2 ours in completeness are exhibited, you will invariably find prices .^ . ; W -_ W O Mahogany Three-piece Parlor Suit— Rcnairance design, beauti- Premiere Kid Gloves— Very fins quality, in *-
1* v- u- u - - . : - " JJ -" . ..' •^ " fill carvings, upholstered b imall figured _k # — o cO white » P^ 1 * and . daint y acam ~ aies for 5
• mUCh higher. , „ DreSSOrS lJJc » mo ' re 8 ronndwork » wai reduced to 917Z.5O . theater wear, eirhei 'intcf or black stitching, J
£ -!8-in. Ali wool Zibclne— Str".p:i, _-« c6- : n. Donrgal Suitings — Medium _j, tf '***% ». . r« ' .o r " u ~ i -i ¦ . • Mahogany Three-piece Parlor Suit — French Colonniai period, uphol- a 3 patent c'aip, pair . .... . S1.SO %
'• checks, and snow flaices, yard. . . 5UG weight, very neat effects, yd. . UU Mahogany Dresser-Copy Of an old^^ Colon al p Ie ce, large oral m rror; t .teredin Watteau, picture tap^try.hravy rep # -, _ the Reynier Full Pique C!oves-B«t quality, .J
?. 4 6-;n. AU Wool, Zibelinr Tweed, suitable fur 54-in. Englhh Suiting -Stripei and mixtures, 'to' ' ™ * "" W " &98.7S , ,E_ round » F If nch curTC 30.00, reduc.-d to &1U3. TO and fast black, = da P , pair . . . $2.OO
J. ullor made garment, and walkin, checksand £ now flake; aU wool,^ m^yD^^^^M^U^^^Si^ SS^l^ l l t^^lt^^^'S5aB2S 5^S_^S? «
5 **S ' ' \ «uioled by large.mirror, French bev,el edge, Th^e1e_^^^^ ,n f«t black, 3 p,, 5 #. 75 J
J. 5 =-:n. Zibel:ne, extra h-ivy, very # --^ 56-m. Scotch Mixtures— In colorings of green, was 1 85.00, now . .^OOt/O rini-h-d leather of ratural colo- „,« Iki co The Fanchon Quattty Suede Gloves— 3 clasps, ,x
J- high luster, yard .. . . •. .&M.UU tan, b'.ue and white, green and gray, brown Oolden Oak Dreiser- Brautlful large flake quarter oak, curbed front, reduced to ' ' S117m5O »«t black, with nilet self embroidery, pair *
i 5 8-in. Clipped Zibeline -Mixed and SDlidcolo^ and white, gray and white, black f _ heavy • claw fe:t, 32x34 in. French beveled edge _.—**—!- Thr,» nUrr I ihr,r« i..lV" \uL ' n 'f L^'» ' "«I rW,< finJ.f, r . >;-•',-;.': .^«V'. ... . St.SO '1
i- for (tr_0i itreet costumes, m _, -, and white, etc., yard . . . .&M.OU . minor, wai $7*. 50, reduced to . ..;... . S 53.75 Th««-P'««. L.brary Suit-Made of rattan, weathered finwh, up- • j
; ."^ .$1*50 45-in. Germin Suitinj-A very! beautiful Oolden Oak Dreiser- Large oval- *hapc French beveled edge mirror, hoisted m .age green leather, wa, Jioo.oo,_re- $
f Jitf Imported Z^ne.-In combinafon . U ch gft«gj *- styli.h co S - $2QQ W f^ i« $44.75 Thlpil'ubrary i^^ h'^ finish,' u^ered'n s^H __ #lf/#/a I |
t : >^W2^S^_SSv! 45-in. French Mix'tu^-Cm^r effecT Biriey 5 . M.p.e Dreiser- French legs, carved cl™ feet, three sm.U green P materia,, J» $ 5^ 5 , r:duced to Hfl ndkCrCh ict S |
•• black and green, etc, yard . .$1.75 one of the latest importation, -^ drawer,,, two ,lar g e drawer,, bere.'ed edge.mirjor, _^__ j' * -"' V ,' V- " ! lv 2 *f*»IU a f 3 C CDCtl . .%
1 -.-• ., ' ... f.r fall wtar, yard &Z.2S5 was < 60. 00, now Mahogany Parlor Suit— Five piects, Italian 'desgn, biautfuHy carvrd, onr . , , ,. , ,. „%
\ 56-in. Tweed Zibeune-A novety .u.tmg, one . n London T wctd _ Extra h^^ made Oolden Oak Dremr- French design, exceptional^ ' #ft --+ upholstered in .crviceable Upe.tr), was J262. 50, _.- o — _-« 200 OOZen ladieS pure linen JC
\ t^ZT* ! .$2.25 lromthe fincit > arn « 1*' $2.7s wdlmade ' fin =P Utcm " or ' vr "> 2 5.oo,now.. $19.60 . r^ced to.. . . . . . .... ..,. . . $197.50 handkerchiefs, half inch |
36-in. Scotch Mixture, - In a Urge —q 46-in.' Novelty Suiting -Our own importatioiTj '¦ \ •• ~~" " ~* ~ ~~ Jl^ ' 1 hemstitched and 2. pfetty . •
( ca-in. Mixed Suitings -In checks and snow for thi« seajon'. weir, yarJ . $3.OO TliC NdtiO HZBffi __fc_'_ f - l #9-_ C B SSMM^^i JSp FBBB+GSl ~ n oo i Q \\^ n ' '%
seif-Reauana "anasome auns * turs on sgsje Mon- go %
I* ' COrSet SyStem We deSCribe tWO SUitS, Which. We L adi«- a XmJ handkerchiefs, unlaundcred, 5
t •'¦'¦¦ '-¦ „-. ,,r , . ¦"."-;"¦' _^.;_) mnronfoo ira ne rrz-in/^ ottrlo it-irl 00 /av ' hand :n;S>roidereJ, basket patterns, 3 for . . *JE
: : f s*fe*<i and Tmmminns Mlti or ' l e " pcrt corsctIcrc ' l_S_a s uarantee are as s ood st y le and as ex- *...".. v. B oo S
k , _-«£*_ «U-_» <»<•< B B BUBBBBBBBBmgm* -^rlll be with US for a short time longer, <^^W CeptJOnal VallieS 3S are Obtainable any- Ladies* all l : nen handkerchiefs, scalloprd, hem- -J
r A £?roc/r of Beautiful Novelties demonstrating to the ladies of thbeity <gj||f^ where at $21.00 and $25.00. . " |
( Neariy every new idea in dress trimming* and lace nove'ties is represented tht mer ' ts or the two great Memo Cor- w®* -I The New Blouse Coat Cape Suit pictured here is made La—»* P"*e linen handkerchief*, with' pretty
i in our greai coliectioa for winter 1903-4. We have the pretty conceits from set Systems— the Figure Building and 1 "feV of LymanviHe Cheviot and is neat- O — "^ " * % '. ' 25 ° %
\ Ncv " the Sell Redudnj. It you will consult M^X >7 trimm = d -«h braid. Price . $25.00 C^^ta*rt^t^g||
f have trimmings and laces been mere profnsey used, and we^ believe )hat the hc . r 8he wlU "commend theproper cor- f\ U\A\ Another new arrival is a very jaunty and dressy Blouse Ladle' pure En C n handkerchief hemstitched, j
i , o r. - •« ¦ . 1 • •¦¦ v l ¦• r L- set to meet vour individual wants /r_ ») A-^\ U 1 ! Coat Suit, prettily trimmed with silk braid and vCiVct. scalloped and hce edge, in Val. and Mecklia J
f women of San Francisco mil appreciate these low pnee, on the chmce.t of th,, me « your mmv^ua. want,. - JW- \ \\ 1 ' Coat is taffefa lined and demi-train skirt i, nnlined; **. -h, J.' BOo $
t season's trimmings and laces. The Self-Deducinj System his so' ved J\\ UC)i ' would be good. vaine elsewhere a: .^^^ gmffm aes * HandKer^hiels In Box — All S
Wool Lace— In ail the poplar .hades, Vac'*. A r ov:r Lacej— An unmatchabl: a.-sottment, the problem of correct fitting for if \§jt$k ' jjjt- t 25. OO. Our price *pdtm U m%M%J linen; hand embroidered initial, *
\ and while, aU widths in band., fettooning • from which we are confident that we can c Q 'woman. It is made in [ \ iw^&W ' . .. -- - ' . w _ * hemstitched, pilt lip 6 HI a bOX, *
\ and ed £ , f , yard. /. /£ oto^.50 fou /difFerent shapes and guarantee, (^ VU Values in FurS value $^50, to be sold by box ;?
M$&m^fi^^™ l^^feS^^ 'mlm^ it A^ ncG S^ ow i n 9°rFur Neck onlv at ' ' : ' Sf '°° |
k . and all th: n:w combination', per yard . . . Ottoman anJ Bulgarian, embroidered on ations to every type of StOUt figure l^>W^M >f r Ik rlGCeSf GO&tS HFICM C3fJQS ,*
\ 20 ° t ' $4 '°° :;? uffc "' flann:i: ch 50o tot^75 The Self-Reducing is the only Corl 1« f^v We aim at reliability in Furs F f ** ***[ EtU^n j
{ f A^?^1_ir_S2; chiffon Appiicue-m ail iea,n S .hade., •« *« p- 5^ f." li^^T \ ™ d ever y garment ¦ has The Em- 1
t- rf^ per yard SOo to 57.5O ££ motiff and j^j-jijy.jg domen . - Oar price for euher of the ' - fl||» j M . \ pQ . ¦ guar ' antefe fof ualjt We Complete Set $2.5O ;-
;. Oriental Uces- In white, cream and black, very ' ' 25 ° t0 four modch .» ' V ' ' $2.75 M, .f 1^ \ in o Ynpn ,i V P nnd flp- SetS Onty Of the Fa.Staff 5
J I.» deigns, per vard . 25O to $3.00 Drop Ornament,- In .Uk, .pangle, and pea£ F i furc . n uildtal System comprises / I iS^Si W C 1. Vk edition Of the COmpleteS.
I- Spargled Band, and Net-In thi. »ea« 3 n'. «- • • .• -. • .• • 7%O*$1.60 , 8C * ic , ot Corset specuitics, made •ill |pS?P^ pendable FurS, aS Well aS the wnrk< , o f Shake«5Deare« 8 ?
J creado.in.llverandbUckp.j.rd Ncvelty Robe,-In net, voUe,,ace,crepede chine inthecurve-mold shape, for lender A\V »/ ¦ higher-priced SOrtS. We Ca'I at" handSOme VOUimeS bOUIld- 1
I ' ' ' ' WOt«w^o . »nd tpang:eJ . These are complete pattern., and medium fi^arej. Price . .:... \\ I \ ] yF^ tpntinn tn r^rp h^rcrflin*; thai nanasome volumes, DOUnQ . .j
?. Silk Braid Trimming- In plain and mixed just the thing for . evening wear. Prices for 69 flfl Ja $C IIA V \Vv\ \fe leilUUIl LO bOIlie Tdre UdrgdlUb.lIl^l in Ted English ClOth, With <
;. colon, per yard 7c^85o compktc su it 3 . 5/ 3.50 to $wo.oo v ' "-*•«*«* «~ 9OmUU \V| ¦ W yo.umay ha've to pay more for numerous illustrations, ex- 5
r ¦ — — — —"^ — ; -^ duplicates later on. ceptionally good prints; a' J
( You can Carpet your home luxuriously at about Scarf s anil Boas Fur Jackets very special bargain at. J
\ The Price Ordinary Carpets Cost during bur Black Coney Scarf. . . . $1.75 Near Seal Jackets . .-. . $27.50 Set ••••;;•• $2.5O £
i m m _^ m ' _r _^ _• ' - \- _»k ' - - • . Brook Mink Scarfs, with lix tails .. t?i • c t t - 1 l'"--i " V I*
| i4ff#fffa# Sale of Choicest Carpets L , g , p^ o - >, •, ,¦%%.. §ffili^5 -_^«ors |
| The Carpets, as you see. by the appended list, are the standard well- "S. 0^ 0^M^A \
i known makes only. The patterns are the handsomest obtainable, and even at these; .Natural Northern Mink Scarfs $8.00 Alaska Seii jackets ne P h» ultra qua'. loa P midc ' »? «^ 9 b» .-. J
!• cut prices we willscw, properly line and lay without" extra charge. We could not make Isabella Fox Boa., with fun tails, ity ; # ; / .$375.o6 MinceMeai-He^ V^ * ' ' '. S/ iS2 5
I* these liberal offers if we belonged to the "carpet combine." Examine our goods— make comparisons with $10.50, $15.00, $25.00 . -^ -.^ . Rova! Bakins Powder- pJundiini."- ."s'S'o '2
anybody's stock, and then decide where you will buv your new carpet. ; .^nd . . . ... . . $37. SO m "* n , L ! 1 a T mb J, "~ pUm and wuh Ghirar<le!iidco,-one-h_fib.tin.. . 200 1 S
C i * , Sab'e Fox Boa., 525.00, $37.50, chmchiLa collar, and reveres . . . O iive Oi!-Dr. Dohrman's, nr« pressing, purrst- .J
,' . , % <r , ._ an J <tf%n fin • •' • • • • • • •• $05.00 and best; gallon, 53.15; bottle. . . . 7CO 2
i San ford's 10-wfre tapestry carpets $1.00 yard *s2. 5 oana.. . . . *ou.uu punKytmMu-M^^c^G^n^^ 5
; SmlWs B^re tapestry earpets yard \v$^Z^%%%& \ ' ' F »" °*»°*
[ i:,- Sables and Baum Marten. B!ack Coney . $ 9mO O Champion Vfhukey " G ! * * ! 7 5o $
r $2.25 Wilton Axminsters.; ; . . . . . . . $1.86 $1.65 =Royzd Wilton .Velvets . . . . • • $1*37 children's Sets E ' cctric ScaI • • • • - $22.00 DtionW sw«t cidcr-x^, _Jf 6 i»on j
; : $2.10 Doyal Bundhar, Wfltons .... i#.C5$l^ Smith SSanlordVExtra^V white Angora, 9 ?c, French Seal . . . . . $12.50 j
[ $1.90Bi8eloW AjmmSterS. /... ...4^ .&1.37\ ¦¦: Ji.50rj2.75 to. . . Natural River Mink ;y.. $27. SO bettle ...SSOMore than half of the purchasers of
sixty lots sold by Sol Getz & Son in their
newly graded blocks fronting the parK
and ocean boulevard will Immediately,
upon the completion of the grading of
streets and lots, commence the erection
of superior class houses thereon and as
nearly all own 50-foot frontages, they wt;i
compete for pretty homes with amr-le
grounds for lawns, thereby setting a
good example for older residents of the
Oceanside district to follow. Contractor
Malley expects to finish grading the sec
ond block for Sol Getz & Son by the first
of December next, when the owners will
endeavor to have water and gas put m
the streets. On lots recently sold by Sol
Getz & "Son the following houses are be
ing erected where the contracts have not
been recorded: On Tenth avenue, near
J street, a two-story residence for Frank
Crothers; Kroetz & Wilson are building a.
one and a half -story . cottage on J street
near Tenth avenue; H. M. Depew. the
builder, is erecting a modern residence
for sale on J street, near Ninth avenue;
Richard Barker Jr. is erecting a two
story residence on the Ocean boulavard
at a cost of H000; a one-story cottage is
being built on I street, near Forty-sixr!i
avenue, for Everett Collins; C. Ruhl has
Just completed a six-room cottage i-n
Forty-eighth avenue, near M street; u
one and a half-story cottage for Teresa M.
Langllle on Forty-eighth avenue, near L
ager for Davilson & Leigh, has become a
member of the firm of Thome & Kilpat
rick at 312 Bush street. The firm will do
a general business In real estate, including
rents, collections and insurance.
street, is nearing; completion;-, for Eliz
abeth Adams a one and a half-story
cottage on California street, near Eight
eenth avenue, ia going up.
BOABD OF AGBICULTTTEE
DECIDES ON ECONOMY
Expenses Cut Down and Money Is
Sufficient for State Fair
Bills.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 24. — The State
Board of Agriculture to-day resolved to
elect a secretary in March. Meanwhile
Clerk Miller will act as secretary, and
Acting Secretary Lowden, who has serve*
eince the death of Secretary Jackson, re
tires. This was done to economize, and
for no other reason. The board cut off
the telephones for the winter and dis
charged the night watchman. It has now
paid all premiums and has cash assets to
meet all bills of the late fair and a small
sum over to pay on back bills.
THE joint committee of Catholic
societies will assist the general
committee of the McKinnon mem
orial movement inaugurated by the
First Regiment, N. Q. C, in the
matter of subscriptions and will give an
entertainment in the Alhambra Theater
on December 9. The chief feature of the
entertainment will be a lectufd-by B,tshop
Conaty of Los Angeles. The Bishop -is
known to be one of the fore'moist lecturers
in the country, a reputation whfcnlie
acquired before he was appointed rector
of the University of Washington'^ 'and lils
presence as . well as tho '>-br£n^ .. fcause
should, assure a crowded house*"' '*"'.' '*' ,
-Owing to the visit of 'President Roorf
velt in May and the encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic 'in • August
the general committee, composed of of
ficers of the regiment and Interested cit
izens, thought it best to allow the matter
of collection of funds for the proposed
monument in memory of Father McKin
non to slumber till the autumn. The at
tention of the public was engrossed in
those unusual events and the city was
generally canvassed for subscriptions to
entertain the guests. The committee,
however, neither forgot nor neglected
the work in hand.
Under its auspices Capitol Council No.
11 of the Young Men's Institute gave an
entertainment in June at Agricultural
Park at Sacramento, on which occasion
the citizens of the capital city turned out
en masse as a tribute to the memory of
Father McKinnon. At the Grand Coun
cil session of the Pacific Jurisdiction of
SALEM. Or.. Oct. 24. — Governor Chamber
lain to-d&y honored the requisition of Gov
ernor Pardee of California for the extradition
of Lewis DaJton. who Is wanted at Martinez
to anewer to a charge of seduction. Daitoa Is
raw held at Portland.
Entertainment to B^ Given
in Aid of McKinnon
Memorial.
PRELATE WHO WILL ASSIST
AT THE McKINNON MONU
MENT BENEFIT.
Young Monserat was the only son of Ju
lian Monserat, a prominent planter of
Honolulu, and a nephew of Samuel Mon.
perat, superintendent of a telephone com
pany in San Francisco. He was 17 years
old and In the lowest class of th« upper
school at Belmont, thl3 being his first
year there. He was prominent in the local
pports and was the fullback on the third
football team of the school. . .
Young Richter is a son of Dr. Erwin
Hichter of Belmont, and Mr. Reid states
that the father and son are utterly
crushed over the unfortunate accident.
He also stated that the boys were trying
to • carry out his standing instructions,
which are that they shall not enter or
leave a boat with shells in their guns'
while hunting. But for the untimely
swinging around of the boat ¦while Rich
tcr was relieving his shell no accident
would have occurred.
Three doctors, Bardncr and McClanahan
of Be!ir.or.t and Korris of San Mateo, did
all that medical science could do for the
patient's relief, but three hours had al
ready elapsed since the accident, which
occurred at 9 o'clock. Amputation was
necessary and the limb was removed, but
the loss of blood, the shock and the un
avoidable delay had been bo great that it
was impossible for to rally, and he
died at 3 o'clock, two hours after the op
eration.
The two young men, accompanied by
V.'ard Wells of Honolulu, also a Belmont
student, were Just finishing their morn
ing's sport on the bay and were removing
the shells from their guns when the acci
dent occurred. Richter still sat in the
boat, from which the others had alighted.
The craft Imperceptibly swung around
and at the moment of discharge his sun
was covering Monserat. The full load of
duikshot penetrated the left thigh of the
young man, fracturing the femur and
fearfuly lacerating the flesh.
The students were remote from any habi
tation and a high tide was running, so
tnat Richter and Wells had great difficul
ty in getting their wounded companion in
land where assistance could be obtained.
After binding up his leg as well as they
could they carried him by boat and in their
arms until a wagon was secured, in which
he was conveyed to Gardner's Sanita
rium at Belmont.
SAN MATEO. Oct. 24.— While out duck
shooting on the bay marshes this morn
ing Melville Monserat. a student of Reid's
iielmont School, was accidentally shot by
E. E. Richtcr, another student, and died
from the effects of the wound six hours
later. -
SpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
Madison ,'& 'Burke' will on Wednesday
.auction realty. ¦ offering at probate sale
properties of the estate of Silas M. Iiocke
On Tuesday at their salesrooms Easton,
Eldridge & Co. will hold a semi-monthly
auction sale and. will offer the following
properties: Three flats .at 1123, 1125 and
U27 O'Farrell . street, 87:6 - feet .west '<• of
Frariklin street, renting.'for $160 a month;
the residence at 2514 Pine street, 129:6 feet
west of Pierce street, lot* 42:4x137:6 feet,
with stable ¦ in -the ,rear; .'five' new flats at
729, .731 and' 733" Fui ton street, 116 feet west
of; Buchanan- street,- running 'thrpughJ to
Bjrdh. avenue, .renting . for $130, a; month;
two- flats renting for $67 50 a month at { 711
and\7l3 -. street, 120 feet' south of
Fulton street,, lot 33x82:6 feet; lot 25x75
feet and four flats at 275 Shipley street,,
and stable, renting for $45 a month; build
ing lots, 25x137:6 feet each,, on, the south
line/'of O'Farrell: street, .80:6 fe"et ; west of
Fillrriore street; lot' 47x78:6 feet .and'im
provements < on r ;tho' easttside I of * Jones
street, north of Jackson";" building lots on
the west line -of Buena- Vista avenue, .be
tween • Congress and \Evergre«n streets;
residence and lot, 27:6x127 feet,- at' 927'Un
ion street, ,U0. "feet .west-of . Taylor, and
building lot, 50x120 feet, • on the east line
of Forty-fourth avenue/ 40. feet south of B
.street;-.-' ¦'• • • -• • - • -.>•*-,-. - : . •¦-.¦ . '.
AUCTION OFFERINGS.
The . following sales are reported by the
C. M. Wooster Company:
For Lydia Malowansky to G. H. Otto
Barthels, lot, 38:9x137:6, and Improvements
on the north line of Pine strett, 137:6 feet
east of Laguna; for Wallace .Wise to A.
Valentine, 30x137:6 and residence on the
south line of Post Street, 137:6 west of
Laguna: for John McKay to Josephine
Goerl, 60x110 feet on the w«st line of Fill
more street, 30 feet north of Lombard,
$3500; for Amelia Lyons to Mathilda Ilantl
man 25x137:6 on the north side of Filbert
street, 100 feet west of. Steiner, $1400; for
G. H. Hanson to F. W. Goetz 30x117:6 and
improvements on the east lino of Fair
.Oaks street, 213:6 feet south of Twenty
eecond; for 'Mrs. Eliza Dodge to Edwarfl
Stadmuller two lots, 50x120 feet, on the
east side of Nineteenth, avenue, 125 feet
north of Lake street, $1600;, for Mrs. Jane
Egan to Jessie W. Robson 23x60 feet and
improvements on the north side of Ber
nard street, between Jones and Leaven
worth. '¦'•-%¦
Sales are reported by Madison & Burke
as follows; > ; / ¦'¦.¦;.
•Two flats on the west line of Taylor
street, between Sacramento and Clay, for
the A. Gianninl Company to F. Koebler
for $5150; lot, 32x117:6, and cottage on the
east line of Fair Oaks street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second, for E.
J. Smith to E. Hess, for $2800;' lot, 27:6x
137:6, on the north line of Bush street, be
tween Pierce and Scott, from Thomas
Donnelly to B. Myers for $3750; lot, 50x
87:6, and two houses on thetnorth line, of
California street, between Polk and Van
Ness avenue, from John Gregory to J.
W. Kasburg, for $16,000; lot, 25x80 feet,
and two flats on the 'east side of Lang
ton street, between Howard and Folsom,
from the estate of John Nolan to A. Be
dell, for $3750: lot, • 27x90 feet, and brick
building on the northeast corner of Clay
street and Parker alley, from B. -Davidow
to R. E. Steele, for $6150; lot and improve
ments on' the north side of California
street, between Hyde and Larkin, from
Waterman Smith to' J. Cockrill, for $8100;
lot, 25x75 feet, and two flats an the west
line of Langton street, between Howard
and Folsom, from the estate of John No
lan to Margaret McSheehy, for, $2550; lot,
'34:4x137:6, and residence 'on the north side
of Pine street, between Steiner and Pierce,
from A. ¦ Bertin to Catherine Foley, for
$5650; lot; 75x115' feet,' and residence on the
north line of Beaver street, between Fif
teenth and Sixteenth, from E. G. Beck
with to Emll Liess,' for $6000; lot, 27:6x
137:6," on' the. south llnef of Butter street,
between" Fillmbre and Steiner, from Mrs.
Emma -p. Butler to M. J. Franklin, for
$4500. •
has been' sold for a price In the neighbor
hood of $120.000.. The brokers who are re
ported to have made the ' sale, Messrs.
Shainwald,. Buckbee & Co., refuse to give
any information in regard to the matter
or to disclose the name of the buyer. The
improvements consist of a very substan
tial three-story brick and 6tone building, j
covering a lot twenty-flv© .feet front by
eighty feet- In depth. . .
Madison & Burke have sold for ,the es
tate of Bernard Classen to D: Martin and
E. ' Beronio three properties for • $60,500.
; Two are on the east line of Taylor street,
i. south from Post street, having a total
frontage of forty feet, with a depth of 67:6
; feet, and one piece on the north line of
Post street, 100 feet west from Taylor
street, 40x60 feet
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for the
account of Edwin S. Rowley the building
and lot on the north side of Mission street
125 feet cast of Sixth, thence easterly
! twenty-five feet front by eighty. feet deep,
i for $18,500. For $3500 the same brokers
have sold for the account of Elizabeth G. |
Baldwin ajot on the north side of Filbert |
street' 165 feet cast of Devsiadero, thence
east 27:6 feet front by 188:6 feet deep. This
Is $127 a foot. To Mrs. Catherine Mc-
Gowan they have sold the house at €9
Richland avenue, being on tho north side,
100- feet -west of .Mission, thence twenty
five feet front by 100 feet deep, -and toi E.
H. Herald "for" $1175 thWot'Oh*'the-*)-est
side of Potrero avenue fifty feet north of
Twenty-second street, thence north tWen-.
ktyiflve feet by 100 feet deep.
i ' 'Shainwald, Buckbee &Co. have sold for
J Mrsi -M. ¦¦Veiller to Thomas }l. Mead 26:6x
j 81:3 feet and three flats on tho southeast
corner of Steiner and Sacramento 'streets
for- $16,500. - ',•-<-,/,•; ••.* •
.'.* •A..,"J.'r/RJch & Co, have sold for M.
; Bchtorabatiker the southwest corner, of
Jaek8crri>and Gough streets, 60x127;?^ feet,
.tb";Ed'wa'fd Rothschild as the site Vf a res
ilience foY about $22,500. ; ¦¦ '• s
"The University Club will erect a hand-
Bome clubhouse on the northeast corner
of "Van Ness avenue and Sutter street, the
Probate'- 'Court having cpnflrmed the sale
of the land by tho Crocker heirs, 120x120:3
feet, to William B. Bourn, who represent
ed the club, for $110,000. ' ' '
. MANY CITY SALES.'
. The eagle was nearly exhausted ap
parently from futile efforts to extricate
its . wings. *. Slaven secured a . long dog
chain to one of the bird's legs and with it
brought. the eagle into the.town of Blacks
and presented it to a' hotel-keeper. -
Pending the construction of a suitable
house for the bird at the back of the
hotel • the easle-was staked to-the-end of
a board driven into the ground. While
everybody In the neighborhood was as
sisting in the construction of the eagla
cage and when the structure was nearly
completed the eagle managed to pull up
the stake and with it dangling from the
chain soared off. to the distant mountains.
The eagle measured 7% feet from Up to
tip. • ••
WOODLAND, Oct. 24.— Great excitement
prevailed; at Blacks, Tolo.County^ yester
day over. the capture and, subsequent 'es
cape of 'a mdnstrous gray eagle. Mike
Slaven caught the gird in a field' near
town,, its wings having been caught be^
tTV'eeh the barbed wires of a fence.
With that object in view the local coun
cils of the institute were invited to elect
delegates to meet the memorial commit
tee. At such joint meeting held two
weeks ago it was decided to invite dele
gates from all Catholic societies in San
Francisco for the purpose of arranging
an entertainment to "1ae given under the
Joint patronage of all. The delegates
from the various societies will meet on
Friday evening, November. 6, at Y. M. I.
headquarters, 24 Fourth street.-
the institute held In this city in August
the matter was recommended to the at
tention of that body and the Grand Coun^
cil indorsed the. project and heartily rec
ommended that all the subordinate coun
cils in California interest themselves In
it.
Through the agency of the J3urnbarn,
Marsh Company, the Margaret Stewart
pfope rty, on the south line of Geary
street, 162:6 feet west from Powell street,
75x137:6 feet, has been sold to John RdBeri
feld's Sons for $225,000. ¦££ ,_<-,-*, ¦....;;
• The purchasers of the northeast/corner
of Geary street .and Grant .avenue, 40x
40:6x122 feet, are - : Lewis Meyerstelh and
-Edward j $. Rothschild".' >The p"Hce \ is'r-rer
ported to be $350,000, with the claim
against * the property on account of the
Dupont-street widening bonds, which
: amouhtS'*o about $35,000. added. l»£§
;v It-Ma:: reported* oil- the? street thajf-^tlM
JjjAperty -' belonslngrAOi-St- F. Morrow ->dp."
th« r .jporth, v l[cte jof^jC^tfornla. street, i-ber.
tween pansoine, P-ndf I>eldtsdorfr streets,
Large deals are enlivening realty on
Kearny street: Yesterday IA. . J. Rich &
Co; "closed a transaction which Is one. of
the--.. most- interesting and. one. of the
largest relating to kearny street that has
taken place in .eeveraj years.' Through
the agency of the firm named a four- ;
•tory brick structure on the east line of
Kearny street, seventy-nve feet souj.hr
from Post street, in the first block from
Market street, with frontage of forty-six
feet and depth of eighty . feet,- changed,
owners. The building is occupied by two
flrmsi which pay $1250 per month rent.
Frank Maskey Is the purchaser. The
property" adjoins his store "on the-"*south.~
The building duplicates the one now oc
cupied by him. He' now has a "frontage ;
of sixty-six feet .on Kearny street. The
building was erected in 1876 in "a 1 most
substantial manner, by Scholle Bros. The
price reported at which the property j
changes hands Is $250,000.
The sale of the Mary E. Berton prop
erty, on Kearny street, north from Cali
fornia, Is reported. It has a frontage of
forty-five feet on Kearny street and*: a
depth of 60:6 feet. This sale, concerning
which no particulars are made public, is
reported to be to the same parties, who re
cently purchased the Boiton estate\ proper
ty, which has a frontage on California and
Webb -streets, being the old French-Sav
ings Bank location, and which runs with
an L> to Kearny street. The -purchase of,
the Berton property and that of the Bol
ton estate makes a total of Kearny street
frontage reported as changing hands of
115 feet. . The price paid for the Berton
property is reported to be $80,000. The
Boiton estate holdings are reported . to
have brought $225,000. Between the two
properties on California and Kearny
streets are several smaller holdings.
In addition to these transactionsfsoveral
large Bales have been' perfected in the
past few days. The total ten deals re
ported this morning Is in excess of $1,
000,000. The month of October Is 'ending
upon a strong realty market. The de- |
mand is still for good income' paying |
business properties, which is the best sign
possible.
SOME SAMPLE DEALS. '
Yolo Men Build a Cage, but
"7 tfiV Bird Prefers the
>-. : • '¦:- Mountains. « •
Deals on Kearny Street In
' volving • Ijarga Sums"
• '-Are Made,/
Duck-Hunting Expedition on
Marshes Has Tragic
End.
Belmont Student Acci
dentally Killed by
a Friend.
Feathered Prisoner Car
ries Away Chain
and Stake. \
Business Holdings Lead
-the Transfers of
Property.
COMRADE'S GUN
ENDS HIS LIFE
GIANT EAGLE
CHEATS CAPTORS
WEEK'S SALES
ARE $1,000,000
BISHOP CONATY
WILL LECTURE
IN THIS CITY
THE SAU IEAKC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY. ¦ OCTOBER 20. 1903.
as follows: On the southwest side of Mar
ket street, 27:10 feet cast of Turk and
within half a block of the new Flood
building, 29:3& by depths of 61:4%. and
71:2% feet, renting for $3900 per annum; on
the north side of Eddy street, 137:6 feet
east of Taylor and opposite the new
Tivoli 68:9x137:6 feet: the south corner
Mission street and Grand avenue, between
Ninth and Tenth streets, 28:4x100 feet, and
find undivided half-Interest in premises on
the southwest side of Third street, mid
way between Brannan and Townsend
streets, 137:6x160 feet to Rltch street.
.NEAH THE PARK.
Lyon & Hoag have just been appointed
agents for the sale of another Baird
block, bounded. by. Haight, Waller, Ash
bury streets and Masonic "avenue/, The
block is 275x381:3 feet; three of the lots,
however, have been sold out, and hand
some residences have been erected 1 on two
of them. The rest of the block will be
offered at private Bale. This makes the
second block thl3 firm has put on the
market during the month of October. The
block directly opposite this, bounded by
Haight, Page and AshbUry streets and
Masonic avenue, 1 was sold . by Mrs.
Veronica C. Balrd Ci the 3d of this
month, and Bince that time sales have
been made by Lyon & Hoag aggregating
close to 1100,000. .This block was sold as
follows: Charles Patton bought the en
tire frontage on Ashbury street. Includ
ing 125 feet of frontage on both Page
and Haight streets, the adjoining seventy
flve feet on Haight street being sold to'
Jeanette Perry; the intervening twenty
flve feet between the two aforesaid Mots
was sold to Solomon Peiser; Cyrus F.
O'Nell bought the lot. 25x100, on Haight
street, 81:3 west of Masonic avenue, and
Jacob Goldberg was the purchaser of the
northwest corner of Haight street and
Masonic avenue. 81:3x100. the northerly
seventy-five feet, fronting on Masonio
avenue, being purchased by William J.
McKillop;', Mark H. Morris and A.' .'C.
Karsk were the buyers. of the 1 lot 25x90/ on
the westerly line of Masonic avenue,' sev
enty-five feet southerly from Page street;
the southwest corner of Page 'street and
Masonic avenue, 25x90 . feet, was. sold to
Abraham L. Peiser, as well : as the ad-
Joining^lot!on;the 4 west of. 26:3 feet front
age on! Page street;. William Friede pur
chased fifty, feet 'on Page, 115 feet east of
Ashbury. street." and Margaret Potter the
adjoining : lot on the east of twenty-flve
foot frontage.
.'. O. D.: Baldwin &.Son report the sale of
lots - in the ; block ': bounded by Forty-sev
enth and Forty-eighth avenues and K and
L * streets " during . the ' week just closed,
and also lot, 30x127:8%, on the south side
of Pacific avenue, 137:6 west of Laguna
street," from ¦* J. : D.t Coulter s\ to ' Isador
Schwartz,; for $8200 ; ; lot,* 276x127 :8%; on the
north? side: of -Washington street. .165 feet
east of Locust street, from William C.
iJysell ¦ to Wallace f A: .Wise: '
W. H. - Menton & Co. , have . begun busi
ness at 211 Montgomery street. „
•¦ :; E.~'C.'Kilpa trick,' for many 'years man-
It is proposed to dispense medicines
by means of slot machines. In Paris, and
the physicians there are earnestly pro
testing against the scheme as full of
danger. . .
A circular order Issued by the manage
ment of the New York Central Railroad
requires the discontinuance of nolsea in
stations caused by the rough handling of
cars while switching them, men shout«na;
and swearing, car Inspectors and oilers
allowing Journal box lids to close with a
bang, constant ringing of engine bells,
blowing whistles, working of air pumps
and cylinder cocks and all other devices
which make hideous a night passed on i
railroad- train. .The traveling public will
view this effort with gratitude. Few peo
ple approach a night on a Pullman with
out the hope for deep sleep ere a Iar?2 or
terminal station is reached. The awaken
ing at such places Is almost sure to come,
and to b« a rude one." An Impatient en
gineer hurls a sleeper against the train
with a crash; a thoughtless brakeman
shouts a signal Instead of using his lan
tern; the conductor snouts "AU aboard"
In the voice of a wheezy foghorn, and b*J|
that time sleep has fled from all but th»
most phlegmatic travelers.— Express Ga
zette.
Railway Station Noises.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS. .''¦¦_ 1 7% ; : V;^
| g HOSTETTER'S!
igflk Stomach Bitters!
iHlW^ Keeps the Stomach Healthy, j
I§i d&M&l^ ' ' s ' m P 0SS 'b' e for any one to enjoy 3
£v^^^^^'?> P er^ ect health whose stomach is weak or ;3
p disordered. Therefore, the first essential to 3
g CT J '^-^^j ooc^ health is a strong stomach. If yours
g [^ W&ii&^F& s b ecorne w^^k, no m'atter from what §§
i P^^^M^ cause ' commence taking Hostetter's Stomach %
%. Bitters at once and you make the first step =1
§= [^^B^37^6» toward good health. Thousands of people %
g in exactly your condition have been restored 3
|j to robust health by the -Bitters during the 3
Ee past years. Then it surely won't disappoint you. It
I positively cures HEADAGHE, NAUSEA, INDIGES= I
|TION, DYSPEPSIA, POOR APPETITE, COSTIVE- I
I NESS, INSOMNIA AND BILIOUSNESS. Try it ancT |
I see for yourself. For sale by all Druggists. v .
[£. : " : — ...... . . — — — , %
g MR. O. S. SHEDD, LITTLE VALLEY, N. Y., says: "I feel very thankful for the *ood work of your =3
p— Bitters. It cured me of Stomach Trouble after I had suffered for yzars. I heartily endorse It." 3
E MR- J- HOUENTHAL, NEW ORLEANS, LA., says: "I have used your Bitters for Stomach Ailments/ =5
fc a!so for Insomnia, and find it very beneficial." • ¦ - ¦ '. - ' 12
S ; -^- : ¦ ' ¦ "•-..' ' ¦•¦ " ".
E CONVALESCENTS WILL FIND THE BITTERS UNEQUALEO AS A TONIC; . 1
» ' KBW ADVEBTISEMEirTS. • " '
Within the eircle I
OF YOUR ACQUAINTANCES
MANY SHOULD USE
N@wbro's H©t"p§ddl©
WHO ARE THEY ? "Every school child should know that it is as dirtr to
• tu r * • i j * r> t j 'it. t n« "t • j use *h e hair brush of any one else as it is to use a
The hst includes: ist. Every lady with falhng hair and community tooth brush." Dr. Sabouraud of Paris,
every lady with dandruff and itching scalp— the cer- France, savs "Baldness is a contagious disease, caused
tain forerunners of hair loss. (Herpicide stoos falling by a microbe." He further says that the microbe usu-
hair.) 2d. Every lady with dull brittle or lusterless. ally enters the scalp in youth, where it develops for \
hair; when vigor and strength leave the hair it is* a ycars before its presence is known, and that dandruff
never failing sign that the sebaceous glands of the scalp is . t he first sure sign of microbic invasion. After •«<*»•¦
are diseased, owng to a microbic invasion, and sooner s i V e dandruff comes itching scalp and falling hair in
or later the invisible germ will go deeper into the^hatr rapid succession. Newbro's Herpicide kills the dan-
follicles causirtg hairs to slip out in great numbers, druff K erm. ¦ It is the. first "hair-saver" and scaloanti-
( Herpicide kills the dandruff germ.) wL Every lady septic; its success is truly marvelous. It contains • no
wh ? e ,i h j rsh / a t5« d WU 3 lock f Patently refuse . to be oily substance or dye matter. It stops itchinsr'of the
controlled, (rferpic.de makes the hair silky and man- sca i p almost instantly. A trial will conVince the roost
agcable.) 4th. Every lady whose ham -is , heavv and skeptical ¦ •- .""
strinarv. from an over-abundance of natural oil. (Herpi- • * ... ; l}: '^
cide makes the hair light and fluffy.) 5th.- Every lady; \ • THIS LETTER SPEAKS FOR ITSELF. ' '
either youns: or. old.- who wants the daintiest, most re- "I have used two boCtlei of Newbro's Herfr'cW.ind U
fined, most refreshing, most delectable' and -most am* -find-it- an excellent remedy. / Have -fecomm^d«|V s jt
tocratic hair dressing on earth. (The knowing, ones highlv to my friends : ' - y ''< ''T?~™**i£~~± u
use. Herpicide.) . .V,V-.. , (Signed) ' "MRS.' MANUEL^'MITCHELL^ |
ABOUT THE MEN; • ' " Santa;Crux - Cai^-xy ; . I
We : must pass the man with: "shiny" baldness, for his "A NAMELESS "TESTIMONIALi-^^^V t
case is hopeless. The seeds- of baldness were planted The following letter was. written by one of the -most \
in his scalp before any one knew that a tiny microbe prominent business women of San : Francisco:' |
is the cause of nine-tenths of all baldness. Prof. Unna of "It gives me pleasure to state that I •. I
Hamburg, Germany, discovered the dandruff microbe, have found your remedy very beneficial. f
and now dermatologists the world over are warnine the One quality I like very much is that it \
. . B f people against scalp neglect. In order is not of an oily composition, but rather «**..» f
i 1 1 « »=»>• to savc tne hair an antiseptic must be diminishes the over-abundance of oil and KSwS^J II
I IJiBil P^i used and the hair brush carefully leaves the hair very soft and does awav Mft^^/ivv '!
ffl|Bl| guarded. ..'V.i with the itching irritation caused bv 11
Dr * Is ' dorc D . ver - an eminent Ameri- dandruff. While I recommend the merit ©¦a-wViT "
can dermatologist, says in the Medical of Newbro's Herpicide I am not willing /k3a3J vV7\ II
&4^Bif3iN; Review of Reviews, in discussing the to have my name mentioned in advertis- Sj*\2ySii X. H
¦'"^P"B^-d^^ indiscriminate use of the hair brush: ing testimonials." . oJ^l&vS^"^*" H
~^rawP^ * n *' ie ? CarS t0 come< w^ en k' se claims for remedies will not be permitted Sf§K^l$M H
iiiUllll I". the public print, there will be no necessity for concealing the identity of a 3)^V^fiW\ H
elwla**yiii P erson wn o recommends an article of honest merit. /'MlK'^^J^/ H
Send ioc in stamps for sample to THE HERPICIDE CO,. Detroit Mich l\
A Healthy Hair. DESTROY THE CAUSE— YOU REMOVE THE EFFECT. Ao Unbeallliy Rait. |
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURED WITHOUT GUTTING, PAIN OR LOSS OF TIME. 1
No matter how Ions you have suffered or how barbarously you have been treat- I
. ed by surgeons, by cutting, stretching and burninz, I ask you to investigate MY K
METHOD of curing It. My treatment is original with myself, and la the result of f
.. 17 years' experience in these special diseases. The stricture tissue In the canal Is {•
painlessly absorbed and hence removed forever. Any discharge, which often ac- |
- . companies stricture, disappears, the Inflamed surface is healed up, all scalding and I
' burning sensations cease; the Kldneya and Bladder become strong and normal, the I
sexual organs regain vigor and vitality and the patient feels aa though Ufa were E
worth living. • |
I also cure NKRVOUS DEBILITT. SEXUAL WEAKNESS. EMISSIONS. STPH- I
ILIS, GONORRHOEA. GLEET. VARICOCKLE. KIDNEY and BLADDER DI3- fc|
EASES and all weaknesses peculiar to men. . . !J
Consultation Fre3, 64-Paue Book Free, fl
If unable to can, write for Question Blank for Home Treatment t?
CK Hfll <iMAM M Fl Mor K«t Street. S. F-. 1 op Floor. j I
• IV. llUl-OlVlMll, IVI. U., Hours— 9 to S Dally, Sunday 9 to 12. f'jGUAYAQUIL* Oct. 24.— General Plaza, yes
terday reaBsumed the presidency of Ecuador,
having returned from visiting his mother, who
was repotted to be dying at Bahla. province
of Manabi. during which time Vice President
Baqulrizo exercised the executive power.
Miss Rehan has an action pending
against the executors to recover $6000 as
the balance of salary due her for several
months prior to the death of Daly.
rights in "The Geisha." "The Circus
Girl," "The Runaway Girl,"- "The Greek
Slave." "San Toy" and "The Country
Girl," of an appraised value of $10,000,
which she says is not a full and fair val
uation. She also makes an objection be
cause the executors have. not disposed of
consols amounting in value to £11,000 and
because they have not disposed of the in
terest of the estate In Daly's Theater,
London.
MANILA, Oct. 24.— The Board of Phil
ippine Commissioners has just issued a
proclamation announcing the demonetiza
tion of the Mexican dollar on and after
January 1, 1904. Until that date the coin
will be accented at all the Government
offices at the usual rate, which is equiva
lent to 60 cents American money.
Mexican Dollar Demonetized.
Miss Rehan enters an objection because
the executors have not sold and converted
into cash the contracts for the American
"When Daly died on June 7, 1899, his af
fairs were so much involved that It was
not thought there would be sufficient to
pay air claims against the estate, but the
executors now have in their hands for
disposal $134,000, having received J552.0S7
and disbursed $367,502.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— Miss Ada Rehan
Is not at all pleased with the condition of
the affairs of the late Augustin Daly's es
tate. She^ias an Interest In the estate
under the will of the theatrical manager
and is dissatisfied to such an extent with
the accounts of the executors— Mary D.
Daly, the widow; Joseph F. J3aly, a
brother, and Richard Dorney-^that she
has made numerous objections to them
through her counsel, "VVetmore & ¦ Jenner.
Her objections involve a large portion of
the residuary estate, and these will have
to be passed upon by a referee, which
will necessarily bring about a protracted
hearing and thus delay the distribution of
the estate in the hands of the executors,
which now amounts to J1S4.134. Several
Roman Catholic institutions are interest
ed in the estate under«the will.
. Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Actress Objects to Dis
posal of Late Man
ager's Estate.
OGDEN, Utah, Oct. 24.— J. R. Shackell.
a railroad man, gave himself up at police
headquarters early to-day, saying he was
the man who had shot Special Policemen
Snipes and Clarke last night. Shackell
said he took tile officers for hold-up men,
and when they flashed a dark lantern In
his face he began firing. Snipes' condition
to-day is very serious.
Mistakes Officers for Thugs.
DALY EXECUTORS
DISPLEASE REHAN
Opposition - to the whole scheme Is ex
pected on the part of the Porte, but tha
Austrian and Russian Ambassadors de
mand the adoption of the plan with the
least possible delay.
It Is believed some of the other powers
may object to the appointment. of exclu
sively Austrian and Russian assessors and
demand that the commission of control
be given a more international character.
the country, and. If necessary, both Aus
trian and Russian non-commissioned of
ficers. ";"> '. -
A couple of further Important proposals,
which wilt be bitterly opposed by th« Sul
tan, provide for the establishment of com
munal autonomy and the rectification of
the present communal boundaries, with
the view to the better distribution of the
various communities and the creation of
spheres— Bulgarian, Albanian, Servian,
etc. — that shall be more homogeneous In
religion.
Other points of the scheme deal with the
relief of refugees, the rebuilding of vil
lages, schools and churches, the disband
ment of the Irregular troops and the pro
hibition of the employment of Bashi-
Bazouks.
PriTSBTJRG, Oct. 24.— A te!«srmm was re
ceived at th« headquarters of th» Am&lmmated
Association of Iron, - Sttet and Tin - Workers
to-day annooncins a satisfactory settlement at
Birmingham. Ala., of the plats mill scale for
the southern plants of th« Republic Iron, aad
Steel Company, and also of the Tennessee Coel
and Iron and Railroad Company. No details
are riven except that tba new scal» to satis
factory.
PLATTSBURGH, N. Y.. Oct. 24.— United
(States customs inspectors have seized 17,
000 pounds of wool, valued at $3000, from
Marshall B. Maynard, a farmer residing
near Champlain, JC. Y., about two miles
from the Canadian line. The omcers aver
that the wool was smuggled from Canada.
Maynard Is the man In whose bouse of
ficers captured seven Chinese about three
years ago. He was convicted of smug
gling the Chinamen into this country and
served a sentence for it.
Smuggled Wool Seized.
FORT RILEY, Kans., Oct. 24.— A grrand
review of all the troops in camp was held
this morning on the flats south of the Re
publican River. The scene front. the hills
above the flats was beautiful. The masses
of troops extended for fully two miles in
extreme length and when the long ranks
went sweeping along the march post
with bands playing, colors flying and the
sparkle cf polished steel, the spectators
broke into enthusiastic cheers. In the
afternoon the officers of the engineer bat
talion, under Major Leach, gave a prac
tical demonstration in the construction of
the entrenchments.
Grand Review of Troops.
Cite Several Preferential Payments
as Grounds for Their Ap
plication.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— A petition has been
filed for the appointment of a receiver for
the Acme Harvester Company of Peorla.
It was brought before Judge Kohlsaat to
day in the United States District Court
here.
The application to have tho concern ad
judged bankrupt was made in the United
States court at Peoria. Judge Kohlsaat
was unwilling to act at once and the hear
ing was continued to next Monday. The
petition was filed In the name of three
creditors, whose claims aggregate $27,000.
They cite several preferential payments
as grounds for making the application,
and make the additional charge that the
company is insolvent.
On Thursday last the Harvester Com- !
pany was compelled to place its affairs in
the hands of a committee representing the
creditors. The assets at that time were
approximately $4,000,000, and were believed
to be In excess of the liabilities.
ACME COMPANY CREDITORS
PETITION FOR BECEEVER
NEW YORK, Oct. 21— The Financier
says: The most surprising feature of the
official statement of the New York As
sociated Bank* last week was the almost
unprecedentedly small change of only
13000 In the cash reserve, there being a
loss of thjs amount. This seems quite
Inexplicable when the fact Is considered
that the trmceabl* movement* of money
during tho week showed an estimated loss
of $3,834,000 of cash. On the Inter-bank
movement alone the loss was J5.185.000,
and this Included the transfer through
the sub-treasury of $800,000 to Baltimore
and 11.275,000 to New Orleans.
It Is possible that the average system
may partly account for the difference be
tween the estimated and the actual loss
of cash, the movSment to Baltimore
through the sub-treasury and directly
from tho banks having been heavier in
the early part of the week, but that to
New Orleans was continuous, each day
recording transfers to this point. Large
receipts by two of the banks aided in off
setting losses by other Institutions. The
required reserve was reduced $514,200
through the decrease of $2,056,800 in de
posits, and deducting from this sum the
loss of $3000 cash as above, leaves $511,200
as the Increase in surplus reserve to $17,
£44.44-}. Calculated on the basis of de
posits lees those of 537.300.400 of public
funds the surplus Is $27,244,550. It may be
noted that the statement falls to bal
ance by $SS7,300, the total resulting from
the decrease of $1,166,500 In loans and the
less of $3009 cash calling for $1,169,600 less
deposits, whereas the decrease in this
item was $2,056,800.
The surplus reserve of $17,914,440 as
above compares with $17,751,475 in the cor
responding week a year ago. It should be
stated, however, that th© surplus was
augmented in that week of 1902 through
the disbursement by the Secretary of the
Treasury of about $17,800,000 for bonds,
which' he had purchased with the object
of relieving the monetary situation. The
total reserve was thereby Increased $17.
063,100 and the surplus reserve by $12,
173.225, compared with the previous week.
Amonc the minor changes shown by
last week's bank statement was an In
crease of $129,400 in circulation. The loans
exceeded the deposits by $17,354,400, an in
crease of $830,300 compared with the pre
vious week: the excess Is the largest re
ported since July 1. The public deposits
show a decrease of $37,600. The daily
averages of clearing last week were $1S9,
000,000, against J1S7.OW.000 In the previous
week, and the clearings on Saturday, re
flecting the business of Friday, were $166,
216,137, or $23,000,000 below the dally aver
age. Comparisons of changes In the item
of loans show that five banks gained
$200,000 net, and one of these Institutions
largely increased Its discounts. Three of
these banks lost $900,000 net In cash.
Excess of Loans Over De
posits Is Largest Reported
Since July 1.
Change of but $3000
Is Apparently In
explicable.
CASH RESERVE
GIVES SURPRISE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
PARIS, Oct. 24.— It Is believed here that
In view of the terms of the late. Russo-
Austrlan note to Turkey providing that
the proposed commission of control, which
is to assist Turkey in carrying out the
reforms in Macedonia, is to be composed
of Austrian and Russian representatives,
the Sultan may defer accepting the plan
until he has ascertained the attitude of
Great Britain, France and other powers
interested in , the Orient, and it is said
that these powers are not likely to favor
the reform plan unless they are repre
sented upon the commission.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 24.— The
scheme of the powers for .the amelioration
of affairs in Macedonia was submitted to
the Porte yesterday. It has for its guid
ing principle the control and surveillance
over all branches of the administration of
the disturbed provinces by Austria and
Russia for a period of two years.
The proposals Include - the appointment
of one Austrian and one Russian assessor
to be attached . to the staff of Hilma
Pasha,' the inspector general, with a corps
of assistants, secretaries and interpreters,
whose duties it will be to have : control
over all the acts of the provincial author
ities. . A European in the Turkish service
Is to be appointed to command the gend
armes, and he will be assisted by an ade
quate •' number \ of i Russian V and - Austrian
officers acquainted with the language of
Gives Other Powers No
Voice in Balkans
Affairs.
RUSSO-AUSTRIAN
PLAN MAY FAIL
27
KEW ADVEBTIBE3TENTS.
DISCRIMINATING LADIES
Enjoy Using Herpicide on Account of
Its Distinctiveness.
The ladles who hav© used Newbro's
Herpicide speak of It In the highest
terms, for Its quick effect in cleansing
the scalp ot dandruff and also for Its ex-
cellence as a general hair-dressing. It
makes the scalp feel fresh and it allays
that itching which dandruff will cause.
Newbro's Herpicide effectively cures
dandruff, as it destroys the germ that
causes It. The same germ causes hair to
fall out, and later baldness; In killing It,
Herpicide stops falling hair and prevents
baldness. It is also an ideal hair dress-
Ing, for It lends an aristocratic charm to
the hair that Is quite distinctive. Sold '
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for samola to The Herpicida Co., De-
troit, Mich,
PBAGEB8 ( ' PBAQEB8 ; PBAQEBS • I PBA0E ? S | , PBAQEB8
Shoes for Men, Women and Children f^tintaw TfAfKita* Q*Amvtc tfSwAn Great, Sale of Exclnsive Ribbons^
IG reductions have been made on every 4 Td^lUg C?l&Hip5 UHV6H *-, E arrangedfor to-morrow several
one of these lines of shoes, and satisfaction ' XMF2j.1~ A 'II • f>™. ,-A. ; — ~ r - YV great bargains in our ribbon depart-
in all particulars is assured. WlTil AVI fUl^Cl\fl^©^ rtent * Every customer of this big store
91.1O_An excellent dress shoe for children; ¥?•»»* *- A*» a O6* VAAM^Vyy knows what that means: Values that cannot
Vici kid, lace, kid tips, medium soles, spring , ......... . • . . be equaled in any ot her place on tho Pacific
heels and coin toes. Sizes uy 3 to 2. Widths J^&L yoast. We want those who are not our* custora-
A to D. These shoes have been reduced from cr8 to a PP reciat0 th e same thing, and to-morrow
$2.25. -«B IEH " J these great bargains may be secured.
9I.IO— Boys* good school shoes; satin calf. pm flSff . . / Th « vef y best quality of satin tarleta ribbon
lace, heavy extension soles and low heels. Just flffir 1 1»| Aj&gf M&* J&kA80 jfogf in a11 thc sta P le shades from H to 5 inches
the shoe for wet weather. Sizes 8 to 13. $1.25 jrHgg^Ffrj < K^**^gTBg Wlde# '&¦•<<
—Sizes 12 to 2. $1.50— Sizes 2]/ 2 to 6. H|hH M Jw& lH H! IHa^ IB J3r7m "" 2 * 3 »»'•»** V*:9tU V»».l8kV> K«i. «o, 80 * 80
?1.25_Dress shoes for misses wlfo wear ML' A. JSi IJ1 1*1 r if |S ""/maWm 4c yd 6j^cy4 9c yd 15c yd 25c yd
women's sizes. Vici kid, lace, kid tips, medium iWBrm^^ *^P* *9^ J^HSST' 1Oc a yard— An excellent quality cf all pure
soles spring heels and coin toes. Sizes 2% to vSffl JSKh 19 f silk Dresden taffeta ribbon, 1 to 2' inches wide.
S?rk ur? D - .Regular $2.50 shoe. , irAm^nrSv wa w^w -m i->:i This is a woven warp, not stamped. A rcgu-
tj53.5O_We have just received a new me of Eg AtWAYS RE LI ABLE 25c value.
women s fine dress shoes; patent colt kid and g i^J^¥y^m*w »«*«<» .cmv^m* lBe-» yard— All pnre silk moire and corded
££"$ .STSgr.^ ' nd '" rn '°'- w ' J |_p 1238- lgSOMARKEEST.*"""* I . | &^^^^^J&SVS5:
Merit and Economy the Basis on Which We Strive to Please.
The reasons for the phenomenal success of this store are apparent* in a nnmber of ways. Its policy is most* liberal and progres-
sive; courtesy Is extended to oil; only the most seasonable goods are to be found on the counters and bargains that* can be depended upon
care offered continually. At* all times we are working, not* only for to-day, but* for the fatnre. We are adding new names to our list*
of customers every day and we realize to hold them and our thousands of other customers that* satisfaction in every detail must* be
given. We are giving it by strict* attention to their wishes and by the very best* possible values. In, this page of news, and in opt
advertisements to follow, will be found goods particularly desirable for the holiday season.
One-Half Price Sale of Women's Suits and Interesting News of Remarkable Values From
Coats Shows No Falling Of f in Interest,. the Domestic Deportment,
EVERY garment offered in our cloak and suit section is of a high order of excel- 'T HIS 'sale is of considerable importance to housekeepers. The arrival of shipments
lence before it is accepted by this store. We secured an Eastern manufacturer's I °* these goods was particularly opportune and gave us a chance to make this
surplus stock a number of weeks ago and have conducted a series of bargain sales splendid offering. We have prepared a list of specials that are all that can be
that have created considerable talk among shrewd shoppers. Beginning to-morrow we asked by way of exceptional values and should crowd this department all week.
will show soms more designs; some that had reached us after the sale had begun. TABLE LINENS. SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES.
These will all be sold at one-half their regular selling prices, making them very desir- 35c a yard— Table Damask; worth 50c lOc each— Pillow Cases- regular istfc val-
able chances. . 45c a yard— Table Damask; worth 60c. na% * *
TAILORED SUITS. 30 inches lonjr. -They are made of fine En- 50c a yard— Table Damask; worth 75c 12^c each— Pillow. Cases; regular X7^c
$14.05— A choice assortment of stylishly glish kersey, satin lined; trimmed with Run . 75e a yard— Table Damask; worth $1.00. values.
made suits: short and medium and lone metal buttons: late military capes, loose HEMSTITCHED TABLE CLOTHS. 1 Be each — Pillow Cases; regular 20c val-
coats; a variety of colors to select from; all backs, inverted pleat pouch sleeves. These 91.G3- — Reeular $2.50 Table Cloths. nes.
are neatly tailored and finished in first-class are swell garments, handsomely tailored and $1.88 — Regular $3.00 Table Cloths. 4Oc eacli — Doable-bed Sheet*. A 60c
order; skirts have full sweep. trimmed. $2.10— Regular $.1.50 Table Cloths. value.
$122.50— Beautifully made suits in the $7.50 to $14.05— 100 elegantly made 'NAPKINS. BEDSPREADS. >r> -
latest style mixtures; also plain colors; per- corsette coats; long, short and medium 5Oc a dozen— Hemmed Damask Napkins; 80c— Regular $1.10 valne. \
feet in every respect. They have been made lengths; prettily strapped and satin lined. worth $1.00. $1.25 — Regular $1.50 valne. • * \
under our own special instructions and all Reduced from $12.50 and ranging in price »5c a dozen— Hemmed Damask Napkins; $1.5©— Regular $2.00 valne. ! - .
have that high-class appearance. This line 1 is up to $22.50. _ . worth $1 V) $2.10^ — Regular $2.50 value. "" " '
worth $25.00 to $27.50 elsewhere. , $7.50 to $23.50— 183 handsome peau $1. 45* a dozen— Hemmed Damask Nan- LACE CURTAINS.
COATS. de cyzne silk coats: all different styles- and kins: worth $2.00. $2.10 a pair— A broken line of $*7S and
$14.95 — Over 200 'coats; the latest New lengths, lhe usual prices are from $12.50 to $1.05 a dozen — Hemmed -Damask Nap- $3.00 lace curtains; only two, three and
York styles, in tan, castor and black; 27 and $35^00; - : 'kins; worth $2.j>0. ¦ ¦ "* four pairs of a kind. Special.
A Rich Assortment of the Newest Most Original and Stunning HtttS A Wonderfal Display of Women's
Fall Dress Goods. /% , . c , fl - i%i« e i Underwear.
u undreds of «ciu,i« color, -in . b. Created Specially for This Sale.; HE coH VKitbeibaiBmutd immi
fi found in this department this week. Prices -^ , | two-fold for the heavier weights of onder-
hav e beencul : far j S' lo^ h "L"^eains / HT HE skillful finger, of our entire corps of . wear. We have planned to make some
ing values and unusually attractive bargains / ti&&E$m!&tt\ 1 milliners have been at work making these timely reductions on these garments, and, be-
are to be had. _ / £Spg^\ dainty hats. We made a number of styles gmmng to-morrow this department will con-
c. ™ BLACK DRESS GOODS. / W^^ffiSK^ \ at prices that have a wide range to give every duct a sale of all kinds of women's and chil-
$1.OO a yard— 50-inrh voile, an extra width / |gffl^ \ one a chance to share in this special sale. dren s garments,
at this price. Will make up into an economi- j _ £ty&£$Z? Many of the styles are copies of models popular KNIT UNDERWEAR.'
calsuit. l \ft^jp / / in the East; others are new with us and made 75c— Fine gauge merino vest and French.
$1.00 a yard— 50-inch clay serge. Very firm. St^aS« / from our own ideas. It will be well to see band pants, made of extra fine quality of yarn,
tightly twisted warp and wears superior to all \ vMr^m / our exhibition before making a purchase, as we Beautifully finished and perfect fitting. Guaran-
other serges. This goods cannot be duplicated \ / receive every day flattering approval of both our teed non-shrfnkable.
fo L. le AV than ? V 25 o a - ya u\t 1 -u i- » \ )^>^ prices and styles. $1.15— Genuine Merode combination suit
$1.25 a yard— 58-inch black zibeltne; extra \-^>< • made of fine peeler cotton, medium weight, full
heavy weight and suitable for .starts. The $ 2 .50_A poke shape street hat of brown felt trimmed with quills 5 nishcd , warns and finished round neck and
width is sufficient evidence of its value. and bJack veIve^ v H down front with hand crochet silk trimming.
__ COLORED. ..... . $4.50— A navy blue fejt trimmed with wings and ribbon; pompa- FLANNELETTE WEAR.
5Oc. to $2.5O a yard— Colored zibelines. the dour shaoc> A vcry becoming hat for a young lady. GOWNS.
CT ¥f JS T c ° at .5 ul i5; AU j e a CS v fa " V*aaes. g $6.00_Misses' tan beaver, caught into a fancy shape and trimmed 50c— Made of a good Quality of fancv
$1.33 and 91.80 a yard-Apphque skirting with white plume and tan velvet. • striped flannelette; lined back yoke bishS
for storr% day skirts. Come in grays, browns. $7.r,0_Shirred velvet turban-"Empire shape. Trimmed in black sleeves. Finished with ruffles and turned
navy and black. Worth $2.00 and $2.50 a yard. | pompons and aigrettes. • A most becoming shape. down collar.
- ¦- " ; $10.00 — A large black velvet hat with folded facing of black maline. *^"— — l^— —— —^—^— — —
¦"^— ¦— ¦-¦- Finished with long black plume and jet ornament. ¦— -^ .^ _ »_ i^^«^«^^««™
Worthy Special Of Men'S OverCOatS < $1O.OO—^^Black velvet, Gainsborough shape, with i shirred white chiffon . . BOVS* SllltS and OverCOOtS.
J r ¦ facing. Black plumes and satin ribbon form the trimming. A very swell hat. m—JLmmmmm—m — — ¦«— ¦ MM ai MMMM . Maa .
ALL the leading styles manufactured this sea- T - 1 Ww-mS^ 0111 f ?^ Order °!
son will be fo\md on our counters to-mor- I I VV °?7* ;,f lothme ?* d vc added J •w««l
row ready for the week's business. We 1A//%mjIam« #^<T T**<*t I #t*«.«l *t. ir * CS m bac9e 4 mce been tnrne 1, out b y
have made the prices as low and as attractive as 1 lie WOnClerS. Ol 1 OV l^aAO. ?* i* 2 *?*™ T^°"° w « *» be in
nneciKV - - - . . * a splendid position to offer even better values
possiDie. . mmmamm*ammKmatmamMammmmBmi\\M mihhiimimiimmi i Aan usua L SUITS.
57.25-Stylish blue kersey box overcoat, 40 (IN THE BASEMENT.) . • $2.50_Two-piece knee oants suits of nm
inches long; well made. Good wearing mate- . v ' . ..? . . • LW ~ p *f cc . c 2*°" suits ot navy
riaL Worth $10.00. . . $& Bring the children' and let them see the magnificent display of toys 8 to vaiuf at"^^.
$9.8o_Med.um overcoat in a rich and games that is already arranged. Every day adds its share of $2.S5-Our sf flor suitt at thS" nrice com
InfJrSLSST 1 ' F^iLhed 6 whh^slas^pock^ amU " mentS ' a " d M T^ * "^'^^ g Vha^^neSlIy
and cuffs on the sleeves Worth Sn =io How manv chlldrcn know that their German cousins spend the en- pay $4.00 for. • Extra fine values.
$11.OO-Extra quality in black Kersey coat. tirc y ear inventing and making toys for them? Every year hundreds of $4.85_Three-piece knee pants suits; ages 9
ao inches Ions?- lined with Venetian cloth and new noveIti es are evolved. This season there is an unusual number of to 16 years. The patterns are the latest and the
finished wih f'goSd velvet collar Avery ser- new things that we have been able to secure and that will be sold at materials very durable. Worth S6.oa
viceable dress coat A $13.50 value. moderate prices. , $9.OO— Long pants suits in fine serges, Thi-
$14.50— Black Thibefs and Auburn Meltons. There is now on our counters a new submarine boat that is magneti- bets and fancy worsteds. Ages 13 to 19 years.
Some are' 40 inches long, others 46 to 50 inches. cally attracted and floats 'round and 'round a big tank; there are farm "Ocm values at $12.50.
Lined with Venetian lining and finished with houses with cattle in tne stalls: model yachts, doll houses and furniture m . o _ OVERCOATS.
silk black velvet collar. All are hand-made and everything that tends to make the child's heart glad. For the boy , $4.O5 — Full length overcoats in Oxfords,
and finished like custom-made coats. These sell with the mechanical mind we have an engine with real power that can be *" e sw £" e st garment out this season. Also reefer
recularly for $20.00. utilized to considerable advantage besides furnishing a deal of sport. coats, box overcoats, and many others at this
I I ¦ ¦. ¦¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦.¦¦-. price. Excellent values for $6.50 and $7.90.
ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
' /F^l (P rn
UluIIduulu
. Just at the present time mar
hi oa terms so unusually faTor-
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC GO.
that a brief description of the Instru-
ments presented In this opportunity can-
not fail to er.&ase the attention of the
tho'jsands who are as yet unprovided
with a suitable Instrument.
100 PIANOS
will be offered at a marked reduction to
malte room for the new stock now arriv-
ing
Pianos by nearly all th© well-known
makers are Included In the sale.
For the sake of convenience- we divide
them Into groups: .
Group A— $100 to $150
This Includes used uprights of well-
• known makes; splendid pianos for begin-
ner*.
Also at $125
a new mahogany upright of rood tone
and action.
At 5135 &aa S15O
a large number of new uprights In ma-
hogany, oak and walnut cases. In a va-
riety of designs. Tianos of this class I
have Bold for much higher prices, and we j
have no hesitation in claiming them the i
greatest piano bargains ever offered in
this city. Each instrument of this kind
curries our own guarantee.
Group B— $165 to $215
The instruments reduced to this price
are pianos manufactured by firms of un-
questioned prestige and contain all that
poss to make a thoroughly reliable piano.
\V> '"anrot recommend them too highly.
Group C— S240 and Upward
A wonderful arr.iv of artistic uprights i
of v.-rll-known makes at prices Just re- I
duced.
A used Kimball at 5300.
A used Dc-ckor at $200.
And many other equally atractlve bar-
ra.ir.S-
Group D— Baby Grands
In the department of grands, values
no less extraordinary are submitted for
both parlor and concert grand, are of-
fered at the same relatively low prices
as quoted upon other styles. Beginning I
at $250. and between that figure and I
*500. seekers after the most perfect
form of piano forte have choice of a
number of superb instruments.
Any piano of the above ekisses ordered
from out of town, and not found entirely
satisfactory, may be returned at Pom-
mer-Eilers' expense.
The sile is in progress from S a. m.
to 6 p. m.
Buy installments. Terms may be ar-
ranged by paying legal interest on the
• deferred payments; and such purchasers
pet the unusual benefit of buying at spe-
cial closing out prices.
liuyers at a distance should write for
rpecial bargain list on pianos.
We ship pianos everywhere Inexpen-
sive pianos bought from us may be ex-
rhanged • lat<»r toward the purchase of
a Hazelton. Lester. Decker, Kimball or
Hallett & Davis, which famous makes
ere sold only by us.
653 Market St. ,
San Francisco's Busiest and
Best Piano Store.
; ' ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
: Wi fifk HBfc <fe Bfe 9*^ Is to love children, and no
IS/iilli^rlli m home can be completely
WW IhI^I 11 <Cf ha PP7 them, yet tha
ordeal through which the ex»
H^I'^ff SMFffeiTk pectant mother must pass usually is
I «rfll31il M of sutfenagj danger and fear
I I^EIUS! W ttat she looks forwar 4 to tte critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea^ nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
the event safely and with but |wP»b§ Iihh^B
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per 1 ¦tffT&flXfelf&jifS
bottle of druggists. Book containing p B llil 11 Hi!
valuable information mailed free. m m ivEE^I
THE BRAOTIELD REGULATOR CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"For over nine yesrt 1 Miffered with ehronle eon-
ttlpatton «nd daring this time I had to t»ko an
Injection of warm water once ererj U honri befor*
I could har* an action on my bowel*. Happily I
tried Cavearets, and today. I am a wen man
Daring th« nine years before I used Cascarvts I
¦uSered untold misery with Internal pile*. Thanks
to yon 1 id free from all that this morning. You
eaa u«e thl» in behalf of coffering humanity." - ¦
- B. F. fii her, RoaaoVe, 111.
jftififfik BcsT For
JFm^ff The Bowels -
CANDY CATHARTIC .^Hl*^
; Plauant, Palatable^Potent. Taste Good, Bo Good.
New Sicken, Weaken or Grip*. 10c. 25c. Me. Nerer
••Id In balk. The genuine tablet stamped COO.
Guaranteed to care or your money back. ,
. . Sterling Remedy Co., Chicsc.0 ot K.Y. 603 I
ANNUAL SALE, TEH MILLION BOXESEven the jaded taste of the Parisians Is
responding to the sensation of seeing a
child lion tamer In the person of Tilly
Bebe, a frail 17-year-old girl. She dom
inates the savage beasts by affection, and.
although sho bears ugly scratches, says
that none was given with malice. This
modern Una Is said to sleep with her Uons
frequently.
tracts, promissory notes, checks, drafts,
money, claims, demands and choses la ac
tion belonging to the defendant.
fenadnt therein, and that the mortgage
has not followed the law, because it was
not recorded in conformity with th© laws
of California, nor is It accompanied by
the affidavits of all the parties thereto
to the effect that It was made In good
faith, etc. It is also contended that It
has not followed the laws of Delaware,
Maine, Connecticut or California and the
mortgage is not a lien upon letters pat
ent, good will, trade marks, books of ac
count, bills and accounts receivable, con-
Jly stipulation of United States District
Attorney Marshall B. , .Woodworth, repre
senting the postal authorities, and Sam
uel Knight, counsel for James W. Erwin^
under indictment for fraudulently .fur
thering th« postal letter box device
scheme of Daniel S. , Richardson and oth
ers, the taking of additional testimony on
the extradition proceedings was post
poned yesterday by. United, States Court
Commissioner He&cock until October 30.
Erwin Examination Postponed.
The detectives believe from the^r inves
tigation that two men who were living
on the same floor as Miss Jensen and who
disappeared • the day previous to her re
porting the theft of the articles, took
them. They say there are two warrants
out for one of the men's arrest on charges
of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Fred G. W. Paige, who has a piano
store at Post and Stockton streets, swore
to a complaint before Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday charging "Jane Doe,"
"John Doe" and "Richard Roe" with
grand larceny. The articles alleged to
have been stolen are a piano, piano stool
and scarf of the value of $350.
It is alleged that Miss Jensen, who is
employed in Robert Wallace's fur store
at £15 Grant avenue, rented the articles
from Paige about four months ago and
they were taken to her room at 617 Ellis
street. Since then she had paid $15 on the
instrument. About two weeks ago she
reported to the police that during her ab
sence in the country the articles had been
stolen from her rom. Detectives Dlnan
and Wren were detailed on the case and
they reported to Paige that they were
satisfied Miss Jensen knew who had taken
the articles from her room, but they de
clined to make any arrests unless a war
rant was secured.
Warrants Are Secured for the Arrest
of a Woman and Two
Men.
PIANO DISAPPEARS IN
A MYSTERIOUS MANNER
It is also set forth that for the purpose
of carrying into effect the fraudulent
plan the promoters and their associates
caused to be selected as directors of • the
defendant a number of irresponsible per
sons, who were under their influence and
control and who acted merely as dum
mies for them, and thereupon caused John
W. Young to offer to sell to the defendant
these properties in consideration of the is
suance by the defendant to Young of $16,
000,000 of bonds of the defendant, its pre
ferred stock to the amount of $10,000,000
and its common stock to the amount of
$15,000,000, making in the aggregate $41,000,
000. The promoters and their associates
thereupon caused the directors of the de
fendant who were under their control to
accept said offer and to issue the afore
said bonds and stock, in form, to John W.
Young, but in reality to the promoters
and their associates, and for the purpose
of securing the bonds caused the directors
to make, execute and deliver to the com
plainant the mortgage or deed of trust
referred to in the bill of complaint, and to
deliver thereupon to the promoters .and
their associates $16,000,000 of bonds, $15,000,
000 of preferred stock and $10,000,000 of
common stock of the defendant. There
upon the promoters returned to the de-
DUMMY DIRECTORS CHOSEN.
It is alleged that Henry T. Scott, Lewis
Nixon. John S. Hyde, E. W. Hyde,
Charlea R. Hanscom, Irving M. Scott,
Charles J. Canda and Horace \V. Gause,
the promoters of the enterprise, had the
several companies under control that
were afterward blended into the trust,
and that on June 14, 1902, they, acting with
the complainant and Daniel Le Roy
Dresser, president of the Trust Company
of the Republic, combined and confeder
ated for the purpose of transferring the
property of the various corporations to
the defendant for a consideration which
they knew to be largely in excess of the
market value of the properties of those
corporations, and for the purpose of
causing to be issued to themselves and
their associates for the stock and proper
ties of the several corporations stock and
bonds to whlcb they were not justly en
titled, in fraud of the public and the cred
itors, actual and prospective, of the de
fendant.
It is further averred that the promoters
named and their associates represented to
the defendant that the properties owned
by those corporations were of the aggre
gate value of $41,000,000; that the plants
were worth more than $20,000,000; that
they had on hand contracts for work
showing a profit of over $5,000,000; that the
busines of each was prosperous and
profitable, and that each of them pos
sessed current assets largely in excess of
its current liabilities and had an adequate
working capital, and that ajl of the fore
going statements and representations
were untrue.
CONTEDERATION AXLEGED.
s •
. Charges of extensive and deliberate
fraud are freely made In the answer of
the United States Shipbuilding Company
and James Smith Jr. as receiver of the
United States Shipbuilding Company and
others, filed yesterday In the United
States Circuit Court in the foreclosure
suit brought by the Mercantile Trust
Company.
Charlea M. Schwab and his associates,
the promoters of the shipbuilding- trust,
are accused of having defrauded the trust
out of more than $30,000,000, of having
elected dummy directors and of having
confederated to wreck the trust for their
own selfish ends. •
The answer denies that the bonds which
the complainant alleges were authorized
to be issued under the mortgage or deed
of trust, amounting in the aggregate to
$16,000,000, were duly executed by the de
fendant or were duly certified by the com
plainant or are now lawfully outstand
ing, but, on the contrary, it is alleged
that no portion of said bonds has been
lawfully issued or is lawfully outstand
ing. The averment is denied that on July
1, 1903, there became due and payable upon
the bonds the semi-annual interest, to the j
amount of $400,000, or that default was
made on the coupons by the defendant In
the payment of the interest. It is denied
that the complainant is entitled to the
appointment of a receiver of any of the
mortgaged premises or property referred
to by reason of any act done by the de
fendants or either of them.
Steel • Magnate Alleged to Have
Planned to Wreck the Com
.,. .. bine for His. Personal
Benefit.
Repeats Story of Inflation and
Manipulation cf Stocks
and Bonds.
Receiver Smith Piles
Answer in Foreclos
ure Suit.
SHIP TRUST
A PLAYTHING
FOR SCHWAB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 25, 1903.
It is further alleged that by an amend
ment to the charter of the J defendant
Schwab acquired a voting power equiva
lent' to $30,000,000 out of a total of $53,
000,000 at all meetings of the defendant
and. was thus enabled to elect as directors
those persons ¦ whom he had
It is charged . that the complainant, the
directors of the defendant and the Beth
lehem Steel Company, . Schwab and the
promoters already named, acted fraudu
lently and in bad fith for the sole purpose
of destroying and wrecking ths property
of the '.? defendant i in the interest of
Schwab, and that this action is , brought
by. the complainant at the instance of the
reorganization committee, Schwab and
the others for the purpose of carrying out
the fraudulent scheme outlined in the an
swer.
" It is contended that the complaint Is
defective in that the New York Security
and Trust Company Is not joined as a do.
SCHWAB VOTES THE STOCK.
shares of the capital stock of the Beth
lehem Steel Company. It Is alleged that
that stock was owned by Schwab and was
issued about April, 1899, and was of the
par value of $30 per share, of which the
stockholders had not 'paid to exceed $1
per share, or $300,000' in the' aggregate.
The 300,000 shares were acquired of
Schwab on July 1, 1901, for $7,200,000, and
were not worth to exceed, In August; 1902,
$7,600,000. It is charged that the promot
ers fraudulently represented to the. de
fendant that these shares were worth $30,
000,000 and that the Bethlehem Steel Com
pany-had, during the fiscal year ending
J>uly 31, 1902. made a net profit of $1,441,208;
that it had surplus current assets on July
31, 1902, of $4,001,018, all of which state
ments were false, said stock not being
worth more than $7,FOO,000, the annual net
earnings ending July 31 not exceeding
$1,000,000 and the surplus current assets
not exceeding $3,500,000.
Th» qualifications of the' directors are
attacked in the ; answer and the promot
ers are charged .with ; having conspired
with . Charles ? M: Schwab ; to acquire ' at , an
excessive and fraudulent valuation 300,000
T&EAL IS CTBITICIZEI>.
According to the answer the promoters
are still holders r of upward of $10,000,000
of bonds, $9,000,000 of preferred stock and
$9,000,000 of common stock. ; The preferred
and common stock received by the pro
moters represented an : amount greatly
exceeding the value of the stock and
properties so transferred \ and | conveyed
and considered as full payment for the
properties. It is averred also thdf'the
$16,000,000 of bonds issued to the promot
ers were without , any conslderatlon,<and
were illegal and void, and the mortgage
executed to secure the bonds became null
and void. It is alleged that the holders
of the $25,000,000 of preferred and : com
mon stock became Indebted to the defend
ant In that amount; and that James Smith
Jr., as receiver, is entitled to enforce the
same as an offset, by reason whereof the
bonds of upward ; of $10,000,000 held by the
promoters have : been : fully > paid. \
The averment is made that ia pretend
ed consideration of the said bonds and,
stock the promoters caused to be trans
ferred to the defendant stocks of the cor
porations and conveyances of their prop
erty, or a part thereof, and no other or
further consideration * was received for
the aforesaid bonds and preferred com
mon stock by the defendant than the
said properties, and the properties so con
veyed were not at the time = worth toiex
ceed $10,000,000. •
GOLD BBICK AVERBED.
fendant $1,500,000 of the aforesaid issue of
bonds, which they placed in the treasury
of said company, all of which /was done
with the full knowledge and co-operation
of the complainant.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TH^ VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How TJseful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that charcoal Is the
safest and most efficient disinfectant and pur-
ifier In nature, but few realize Its value when
taken into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
. Charcoal is a remedy that the more you take
of It the better; it Is not a drug at all,' 1 but
simply absorbs the rases and impurities always
present in the stomach and intestines and car-
ties them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smokln*.
drinking or after eating onions and other odor-
ous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Improves the
complexion. It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic
It absorbs the Injurious gases which collect
In th« stomach and bowels; it disinfects the
mouth and throat from the poison of . catarrh.
AH druggists tell charcoal in one form or an-
other, but probably the best charcoal and the
most for . the money is in Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges: they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal, and other harmless an-
tiseptics In tablet form or rather in the form
of large, pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixed with honey. '
* The dally use of these lozenges win soon
tell in a much improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of it is that
no possible harm can result from their con-
tinued use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician In speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
sorbent, Lozenges to all patients Buffering from
gas in stomach and bowels. ¦ and to clear the
complexion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat: I also believe the liver is greatly bene-
fited by the dally use of them; they, coat but
twenty-five cents a box at drug itors, and al-
though In some sense a patent preparation, yet
I beliei e * I get more and better charcoal ' In
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges than* in' any of
the ordinary charcoal tablets." j
Rheumatism
Brigtu's di»pas«, brick dim deposit, bed-
w-ctune. rrsvei, drcpry. diabetes.
Cured with jfi&jjMlk*
One Bottle / 5||ig
h McBurney's /^» **fjffl
I Kidney and fcj <W
[] Bladder Cure f) f
!utes. Express pre- *-^^
rzid $1 »0. Peed 25c to W. F. McBur-
ney for flve days' treatment.
2-''. £. £prln< St., L*.i Angelet. Sold
1 y druggists.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{BUSEUia OF ANATOMY?
A C& "niaiiittr.tsve-tiT-ji.o.rcii.
\ Cf ..J*' Lu J e » t AMtfual Muirum in the \
I |gp6 CR. JDRDAN-DISEASES OF MEN , I
V I J&Vlfi Tretmcnt p»rs»ii»! jr or br tr!t«. A /I
i I » MB r—*k— Cm ia e»efjr cast mdrrukes. '
6 r if ill? *'«< <ar "t>ek. ran.oiiiray.t , \
¥ • if |H StBBIAti:. MAILSO 1HES. ( A I '
1 d 11 **iu«blc book (Of nrc) \
F OH JOBD1S 4«O.. 3351 Market St..!?. F V
0'^^^^^^^' <^'^'^^s>-^.^ >^^^^§
Badway*s
, Pureiy resetable. mild and reliable. Causes
•effect dijteatloo. complete absorption aad
.-aHtful retrularltj.
Fer th« mrt of all dlscrders of the Stomach,
liver. Bowtii. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
tt'u!s.ritlcs. Sick .Headache. Biliousness, Con-
tipaxion. Piles cud al! derangements of the
r.trraal Viscera. 25c a box. At drugc'.st* or
r c&sJl. RADWAT & CO.. New Terlt
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
* % "" '"in
For This Week
\\*t bavc planned a sale for this week \fliich includes offer-
ings from every department in the store. Each manager was
asked to give us the best that he had and that cost would not be
considered in the price-making. We submit tne list to ¦ you
without further comment Each item speaks for itself. It is
A collection of bargains
that mean money saved
for you. '
$1.50 Camel's Hair Zibelmc, 79c
Dress Goods Department.
This is the correct fabric for long coat suits, the stylish long hair
kind with bright panne finish. There is a full range of Fall colorings,
including grays, modes and porcelain blues. The width is 56 70^
inches, and the price per yard for this week / 3^C
Sponging and shrinking done free.
$1.00 SilKs, 59c
At this price we offer Pcau de Soie, Peau de Cygne, Satin Duch-
ess and Satin Liberty in a la«-gc range of colorings, including black,
crear.i. maise, light blue, pink, cardinal, navy, brown, tan and ecru. Not
a piece in the lot worth less than 75c or $1.00 a yard. This GQfv
week's price OlfC
$30.00 Tailor Suit, $24.50
This suit is made of Cheviot and silk-lined throughout. It is trim-
med with bands of Peau de Soie. has the full pouch sleeve, blouse stj'le
waist with long coat attached. The skirt is made in seven gores, and the
si'k drop skirt is included. Colors are black and navy QUA SZfl
blue. Price this week •p£ J t*OU
$6.75 SKirt, $5.00
This is a fancy Tweed Walking Skirt: made with seven gores.
tailor stitched, with 7 rows of stitching at the bottom. The q*[T fl(\
price this week is $O» UU
$2.50 Petticoat, $1.60
Black Mercerized* Sateen Petticoat, with full accordeon plaited
flounce and edged with a narrow ruffle. Special this week (t*i *-f\
'$2.00 Waist, $L50
Black figured Alpaca Waist with tucked front and full pouch
sleeve; trimmed with iarge buttons down the front. Special qi gs\
this week J>1»OU
35c Hose, 1 9c
Ladies' lace lisle thread hose, worth 35c pair; children's iron-clad
ribbed hose, fast black with double knees and heels; both *q
specials this week at , l"C
25c Ribbon, 15c Yard
Satin Taffeta Ribbon, the kind that has been so popular this sea-
son for neckwear and trimming. In cream, white, black; lavender,
mai?e. cardinal, pink, navy, turquoise, brown and light blue. . This rib-
b*;n always sells for 25c a yard, and is full 2V2 inches widg. 1 Gf*
Sells this week, yard .'. IOC
75c Gloves, 25c
We have to offer this week 100 dozen lace lisle gloves, in black,
white, mode and gray. They were considered a splendid value *y G*->
at 75c a pair. They will be sold this week at £OC
65c Hemstitched Linen Tray Cloths, 48c
This cloth is all pure linen with one and one-half inch hem and
Spanish drawn work squares in each corner, as well as drawn work
all around. It has fancy hemstitching in the center and is stamped
with new design ready to be worked. Size 18x27; price for j q
this week *±OC
$1.00 Chain Purse, 79c
A chain purse made of black walrus leather with nickel and gun
metal tops. They have inside coin purse and card case. We have
some also in Black Seal with gold and oxydized mountings and 7Q^,
the same inside pocket. Special this week ¦ *?O
35c Black Tuxedo Veiling, 15c Yard
Black Tuxedo Veiling, including plain meshes and good as- ttZg->
sortment of dotted effects. On sale this week..l IOC
25c Loop Pins, 14c
These loon pins are at present the popular thing for hair orna-
ments. They are made in large and medium sizes and come 1Ar>
amber and shell shades. Special price this- week I*rC
$4.00 Arabian Curtains, $2.90
This is a very handsome lace curtain in the new Arabian shade. It
has the plain center and geometrical design border; a good c*y Q(\
assortment to select from. Special this week at *p£»*7U
\lVzc Pillow Cases, 9c
Made of good heavy bleached muslin, full size, 45x36. A big spe-
cial that should not te overlooked. The price each for this q
week is -^C
; ; f XDVEBTISEMENT& ¦.,.¦•-¦ rj ¦
"THE CREDIT HOUSE," 233-235-237 Post Street.
The Bi££est Furniture House on the Pacific Coast
I^^S^Im these strong specials in single pieces and Wb^^^^^Jki
lUiTTT! IN LINES. THEY REPRESENT OUR QUALITIES Bf^^^^SP^^
fl I i 1 I I N AND OUR VALUES IN THE NECESSITIES AND THE M -i^^^pf^ll
1 I i 1 1 I I LUXURIES OF THE HOUSEHOLD. THREE MORE J1M^^^^%S t *
I 1 1 15 LJI WG FL00RS ARE T0 BE TURNED INTO FURNI-
MmmMm^ TURE SALESROOMS, AND THE SPECIALS OF- fig^iSl
W^^^^^k FERED WILL BE EXCEPTIONALLY STRONG DUR- gS H\ WiM
-ING THIS REMOVAL PERIOD. ||L JS^. MM/
'? l^^t^^^^^^ THE GREATEST SPE- TWENTY GREAT R0-
§ I 3 Bfew i CIAL EVER OFFERED IN MAN CHAIRS ON SPE- W^S^B^^^^^k
Ike JO^^I A HOUSEHOLD NECES- CIAL AT PRICES FROM ®^§K3^(/3^^BB
fol^iSS/^f/ SITY - SOLD SINGLY OR $8.00 to $30.00. //fJ(^Wm^4^\ TO
\ l^'if sS^l<L__ } IN SETS. ' This one with broad, ilWPF^^^mA W
¦' Ilk I s^bssS^^^S. Ji A firmly made, high carved bacK and le^s, up- wr^ffiy* \wlx^L
I \| |L— ** ? backed DiningChair. Well- rights ending In old Roman .jljpKSsL— ¦ r'ltr^^i
fc*r-r^ - — —^ I turned spindles, cane seat carved heads. Made of ///f rlvi^ fvtm^ 3^
l\ | I and broad back. Made of solid oak and finished in /Ili lv\l
1 J la_ solid oak, golden finish Mahogany or Golden Oak. d&*/^~- ,
1 fcl -— A chair that sells regularly 5 c^ u / a . r P ricc » $27.50. r^ t£3?}.~-^
1 . at $1.35. Special this week, Special for the week,
. s^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^n SEEN BOARDTHAT ' jgiill '^^^^^^^^8 ' jgjj^^ j
W\ /^ / :^WMf) TILL YOU OF THE 20th ==^^ 4 '
s4^®*J^ :: i\ ''"" l!| -^^'Cllli. HOGANYand W^^^^^^^W^'^^ •
I jtij.iwj L-.L.I ' ii./-u» f ARVFh fl/l K "OarOOrSOIIQ i f\lwjf\t£\x} 'jS^ -^"lir^ 1 !!^^?- 1^^ f :fjK^y.Y' ! ' ,'} ijiu
DRESSER i200~ \ SIDEBOARD f85*£
S^^lliwiaa^Tff^^ffll In Golden Oak or of solid oak, golden iWwfflKfflJM (
PMW^TMIE t4% fOWHGBEMIS®
ADVESTISE3EENTS.
R<£jj^V 'JjZ DR. 1*A\VRKSCK'S WOXDEIFFl'L NEW IMPROVED
|S# VACUUM DEVELOPER
I -JWC^ AND tNVtaOKATOt*. * .\~
iTl^HflSl o'i 1^'™ r »t'nted Terfect Diaphragm and Other Iirijirovesaeata, SoM
H 1 c. ,^ ulc *' l >" KMtws Lost Strength, Permanently Cures Vartcowls. DralM.
M 1 strl , ct " r »» and Proatatlc Trouble* by a Simpla and Ccn-
s |jj venient Hfttnp Treatment.-
Br i a A V*** VACUrM DKVKI.OPER stimulates an-J en«r*lxea Use R#rr« fore*
Ed.' 1 aruS lnilucr -' * free circulation of bioci Into th* debilitated parts, thus
Hi 1 P» rm * n « n "y »trenKth«n!ns and developing them. r
Hr lP,i SPECIAL FSEF ftFFFR In order to demonstrate and prov» the merits
W* 1 wrt*Vi?i v£, £ rCK * pf cur V * CUUR1 Treatment w e wtll N nd Ci*
II ll Hstem and ? , f0r . 0ur «*•*«*• Illustrated book No. «. showing the mala
fl i r ALi*n1« ! i x /i!'2 ln « o^ Perfected treatment. Sent Dlaia sealed fre*.
M trw3 cured *£ Sir 565??, OF MKK - C° n «"» ct *<l Disorders, etc.. treated and
&' ?W5»v rnvsm *Pf<i*Usts. *v, n when ethers, fall.
B^saC3^ — n i « , I AT1ON FHF.E and confljent!*!. at offloe« cr by reall. Hours
fl "V?^--, "• ™* l0 » P- m- 8undays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. no. Opea erealags.
II Ko Money Required Until Cured.
fl Hca. th Appliance Co.. 6 OT s: rel 4. 8ft^ Be v M « rketThe drum corps of Precita Parlor of
the Native Sons gave a masquerade ball
In EIntracht Hall last night. There wer«
nearly 600 people on the floor, all In cos
tume. Among the well-known persons
present was Henry J. Crocker, who was
greeted with cheers, but he did not make
any address. He simply danced witb
three different masked ladies. The af
fair was under the direction of Peter J.
Curtis, president of the parlor; Louis
Meyer, floor. manager; George Jacobson,
assistant: J. J. Ryan. J. J. Merran. T. J,
O'Brien. J. M. Hanley. J. M. Hlckey. J.
C. Griffin and D. J. Wren.
Precita's Masquerade.
making six points. The line-up follows:
Berkeley— Shingle, right end; Shuey,
right tackle; Wltcher, right guard: Peck,
center; Kerr, left guard; Solinsky, left
tackle; Steele left end; Schaffer. quarter;
Duggan, right half; Patton, full; Hack
ley, left half.
Oakland— Malcolm, right end; Sprague.
right tackle: Davis, right guard; Gage,
center; Shay left guard: Harrold, left
tackle; Cushman, left end; Locke, quar
ter; Snowdon, right half; Roberts, full;
Swent. left half.
BERKELEY, Oct. 24.-The Berkeley
High School football eleven won the
championship of the Central Academic
League this afternoon at Idora Park by
defeating the Oakland High School eleven
by a score of 6 to 0. The game was full
of excitement from the kick-off and the
outcome was In doubt up to the last few
minutes. In the first half neither side
scored. Oakland held the ball most of
the time, but the play was nearly all In
its part of the field. In the second half
Oakland tried a field goal from the thirty
yard line. The ' ball missed ! going over
the bar by a foot. Then while about to
try another kick Oakland fumbled the
ball, a Berkeley man got it and, having
a clear field before him, ran through- for
a touchdown. The fumble was made by
Roberts, who let a ball that was passed
too high by Center Gage pass through'
his hands. Patton, Berkeley's fullback,
saw the mlsplay and, catching the ball,
ran to the goal line without opposition,
Shingle, the right end, interfering for
him. Patton afterward kicked the goal,
Doubt, Up to the Last
Moment.
Outcome of Football Game Is In
CHAMPIONSHIP IS WON
BY BERKELEY HIGH* SCHOOL
Your Money's Worth.
To-morrow" and Tuesday we will sell
Gents' Genuine. Hand-Sewed Shoes, .In
Velour. . Box Calf. Vici ' and - Patent
Kid, made on the latest lasts. Regular
$3 50 value for $2 25, at Herman Lea
ser's, 915 Market street, opp. Mason. • ¦
Willopl Tribe of Red Men gave its sec
ond annual ball in Union-square Hall last
night. It proved to be a delightful social
function. The programme was made up
of eighteen dance numbers. Edward A.
Nolan was floor manager. He was assist
ed by Edward P. McAullffe, William Roo
rian Sr., R. Edward, Harold J. O'Connor,
F. J. Stanley, J. T. Stanley. A. Hughes,
E. Roonari, W. Roonan Jr., Frank J.
Clancy and H. Matter.
Willopi Tribe's Ball.
Dr. Tyndall's Lectures.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will lecture at
Steinway Hall to-night on 'The World
Invisible." Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall has the
advantage of belonging to no special
creed or cult or Ism. and whatever- he
has to say about psychological research
will be both scientific and convincing.
That there is an invisible world about
us, unpercelvable to the ordinary
physical senses, is a hypothesis
that is Just now attracting the
attention of experimental science.
What Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall has to
say on the subject will be eagerly
awaited by the inquiring. Unprejudiced
thinker. The lecture alone should at
tract an immense audience. There will
be, however, a programme of fascinat
ing, mystifying phenomena In .the realm
of thought vibration, clairvoyance and
psychic impression, so arranged as to
make it an entertaining and Instructive
feature of the evening.
6TFFERIN'. K. Y.. Oct. 24.— Five Italian*,
who were impairing tht track* of the Erie
railroad at the Itaruspo curve, were killed by
tn rxpreu trela this morning. A number of
othw laborers were injured.
LOS ANGELES,' Oct. 24.— From . and
after next Monday there will be a closed
season for prize ' fighting In Los
Angeles twelve months in the year. As
a result of recent disgraceful exhibitions
of pugilism in this city and certain fake
fights, a' crusade against all prize fight
ing has been Inaugurated, which is al
most certain to result in shutting this
city against pugilists.
City Attorney Matthews has been di
rected by the City Council to prepare an
ordinance forbidding, under heavy penal
ties, all glove contests. If that ordinance
Is passed In Its present form prize fight
ing, boxing contests and all similar sport
ing' events will be barred. At a meeting
of a committee of the City Council to
day it was determined to Issue instruc
tions to make the ordinance as drastic as
it was possible to draw it, and it is certain
that elx of the nine members of the City
Council will support it and that Mayor
Snyder will approve It.
On tbe part oi those who manage pugi
listic contests there is almost certain to
be a contest In the court. Inasmuch as
they will endeavor to secure the recogni
tion of licenses already issued to them
and which are good for one year. The
terms of the ordinance will be such as to
revoke all existing licensep.
The penalty- provided in the proposed
ordinance will be a fine of not less than
$1000 for engaging in a glove contest, and
there will also be a section of the new
measure which will make it a misdemean.
or for any person to attend such a contest
under penalty of a fine not to exceed $100.
Los Angeles has long been a Mecca for
fake fighters, and numerous bouts^ have
been held here In which tbe result showed
that the fights were fixed and that the
affairs were simply intended to part the
public from its money. The result will be
that prize-fighting in Los Angeles will be
forbidden by law. The crusade against
pugilistic events has been carried on by
various organization*, lastly by the lead
ing commercial bodies, and with the sup
port of such the City Council is expected
to make it impossible lor a repetition , of
recent fake fights.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Southern City Is to Be
Closed to the Glove
Artists.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— The Lake-street
Elevated Railroad Company, capitalized
at $10,000,000, .was placed in the hands of
a receiver to-day in pursuance to a reso
lution passed by the board of directors
asking for the appointment. The order
was entered in the Cook County Circuit
Court by Judge Tuttle, who appointed the
Equitable Trust Company receiver for all
property of the company. In the bill,
which was filed by James Bolton and
Daniel E. Crilly, stockholders in the com
pany, it is alleged the company is hope
lessly insolvent and that this condition
has resulted "from the reckless extrava
gance and fraudulent conduct of Charles
T. Yerkes and his associates, and the
mismanagement of Clarence A. Knight
and his representatives."
The complainants further declare that
the purpose of Yerkes and his associates
"is to wreck and destroy the said road,
with the view of acquiring the same at a
sacrifice and thereby eliminating and cut
ting off the rights of other stockholders."
Yerkes and his associates, it is averred,
control a majority of the stock of the
company and have the power to continue
their hold thereupon through the election
and retention of a board of directors sub
servient to their wishes.
President Knight to-night ridiculed the
charges made in 'the petition for the re
ceivership.. "I should not dignify these
charges with a serious answer," said he.
"If the court proceedings are based' on
charges of mismanagement against the
officers of the company, then the direc
tors, who authorized the filing of the bill
are charging themselves with mismanage
ment, because they constitute a majority
of the board, and they approved all the
acts of the officers.
• There hns been a threat of litigation
for soma. time in order to attack the
lease made by the Lake Street Company
In 1S96 to the Union Loop Company. . This
probably Is behind the present proceed
ings. The charges of mismanagement
were in all probability made for. the pur
pose of giving the .'court jurisdiction to
appoint a receiver.
"The allegations about .Charles T.
Yerkes' domination of affairs ...of this
company are also ridiculous. In 1901 Mr.
Yerkes practically . severed his connection
with the Lake Street Company and a
year ago he ," sold his ' few remaining
shares.. He has not now, a dollar's worth
of interest in the company either, In stocks
or bonds." In ' my, opinion* there was ¦ not
sufficient' ground shown for. the appoint
ment of' a receiver.. We certainly shall
resist this proceeding."
Chicago Elevated Road
Put in Hands of a
Receiver.
ST PAUL.. Minn.. Oct. 24. — Orders were
Issued to-day relieving Major Kilbourne as
chief paymaster. Department of the- Dakotzs,
and ordering him to proceed to Fort Sam
Houston. Tex., for duty as chief paymaster.
Department of Texas.
DIRECTORS ASK
COURT'S HELP
FRESNO, Oct. 24.— An unknown man,
who had worked but one day for the
Sanger Lumber Company, was killed at
Converse Basin yesterday by the timber
slipping suddenly off a truck. His right
hip and chest and several of his. right
ribs were broken. He lingered several
hours and died in great pain. He refused
to tell where he came from or who he
was. In answer to the physicians he said:
"Smith is as good a name as any to be
burled with."
Asks to Be Buried as "Smith."
The Red Boy Consolidatel Gold Mines
Company has not paid annual license fees
to do business. Among other debts It
ewes Clark Tabor and E. J. Godfrey $15,
©00, James A. Howard $10,000, the First
National Bank of Baker City J10.000 and
th« First National Bank cf Sumpter 515,-
C00. The- company is wholly insolvent' and
has no funds or assets except the prop
erty. There is more than $200,000 worth of
z&JLchlnery at the mine.
E. J. Godfrey and Clark Tabor were
owners cf the Red Boy mine before con
eollfiation with th« Concord. The con
solidation was promoted two years ago
by J. H. Robbins and E. J. Godfrey. The
capitalization •wa» $3,000,000. The ore re
eerves in the Red Boy at that time were
nearly exhausted and the pay shoots in
the Concord -were believed to be extensive.
Tb« cost cf mining- and milling has Just
•.bout balanced the value of the ore pro
duced. Ho ore) can b« uncovered at the
Red Boy until the ehaft is sunk deeper.
It will cost $50,000. The Red Boy has pro
duced $700,000.
Benson wished the appointment of a re
ceiver because he did not wish to tie up
th© property by attachment. The mine
¦will remain closed pending the adjust
ment of the financial difficulties.
BAKER CITY, Or., Oct. 24.— The great
Red Boy mine has been placed in the
hands of a receiver. The order was is
sued yesterday by Circuit Judge Robert
Eakin. John Thcmsen, the president of
the May Queen mine, was appointed on
the application of Oscar O. Benson, who
holds 250,000 ehares of stock. Benson sues
i cr $3000 duo on a note. Charles A. Jones
of Baker City Is the attorney.
Special Dlffuatch to Tbe OaXL
Red Boy Property at
Baker City Is in
Difficulty.
LOS ANGELES, jQcC. 24.-^StatIstics on
"the lima bean crop. of Southern California
have been compiled and, the figures made
public. The cron of over 75,000 acres has
Just been harvested. The yield has j been
good In almost every county. Ventura
heads the list with an estimated crop
of 650,000 sacks, an average yield per acre
from fifteen to seventeen sacks. Los An
geles County produced a crop estimated
at 180,000 sacks, Orange County 65,000
sacks, Santa Barbara County 50,000, scat
tering districts in other counties 20,000.
The price Is considered good. One grower
in the Santa Monica District has accept
ed an offer of 3 cents flat for 8000 sacks.
Southern California's Bean Crop.
RECEIVER HOLDS
A FAMOUS MINE
The introduction of men's corsets will
be attended with many difficulties. That
much is to be expected. There is preju
dice against it. deep-rooted, long-lived
prejudice, but its champions are certain
this prejudice will pass away.
Of course, the corset custom would
furnish the masses with new food for
ridicule, and especially would this be
true if the corset impaired the health of
the wearer. But it does not do this, nor
will it ever.
A man's physique can be trained Into
its proper lines by the use of a proper
corset. This would, at first, be a virtual
disguise for the figure, but what at first
will be a disguise will become a natural
form, and instead of being round
shouldered, flat-chested, and with promi
nently protruding stomach, the corset
wearer will possess the form of a real
man. more like the Romans or Greeks of
old than like our slovenly appearing,
stooping men of to-day. . .
Corset-wearing men have always been
ridiculed because a few fops have at
times affected the article and have taken
pains to make the fact known. In the
time of Queen Elizabeth there was a fop
at court who wore a corset, the purpose
of which was to compress the waist and
give the man an effeminate appearance.
The corset was more like a coat of armor
than anything else. The new American
Gentleman corset in no way resembles
that old atrocity.
Corset Has Coma to Stay.
"If there Is any ridicule to be pointed
at any one It Is at the man who does not
wear a corset," he said. "I feel more
comfortably dressed than ever I did in
the days when I was a-'scoffer like oth
ers. Now I unconsciously stand erect, my
chest, you will see, is thrown out and I'
feel perfectly at rest. Were there noth
ing else to recommend these corsets this
alone \ would Insure their permanent ac
ceptance."
This man is a corset enthusiast, and
yet he is a sane, sensible fellow, who
does .not run to fads or to ridiculous
things. He wants, and gets, what gives
him comfort, and that is why he is wear-
Ing a man's corset. He says it is rest
ful to the spine, that it makes him stand
rrect. step more lightly and breathe
deeper. » *
Corsets for men are not altogether a
new thing. In Europe, and especially in
Germany and France, the men in the
armies wear them. The striking, erect
figure of the European soldier can, in a
great measure, be attributed to the wear
ing of a corset. Following the lead of
the soldiers, many of the best dressed
and most highly cultured gentlemen of
Europe have found them comfortable
and essential. They 'have learned what
American men will in time learn, that
they are a great aid to correct poise and
splendid appearance. . •
Slonchiness Will Disappear.
But it Is not merely for fashion that
this new article of wear has been de
vised. The health and comfort of the
wearers formed the first consideration.
The same rule applies to men's corsets
that applies to women's corsets. Women
accept corsets as ordinary articles of at
tire. Though they sometimes misappro
priate them by tight lacing, yet any wo
man who wears a well-fitting corset will
say it never bothers her. but that It does,
on the contrary, produce agility of
movement in walking, and Is really an
exhilarating brace. For the new men's
corsets no more than that is claimed, but
just that much is claimed.
Now, these' men's corsets are not
aimed to give to men any ridiculous
shape or to make them appear effemi
nate. Yet it is possible to give shape to
the figure, but whether or not the form
is given a curve at the sides and back re
mains wholly at the will of the wearer.
The other day the writer met a well
built man who is a wearer of the new
corset. He unblushingly confessed to
wearing it.
Not Merely a Fashion.
After years of ridicule, Parisian and
other foreign makers of fashions have
at last decreed that corsets for men
shall become a reality. They are being
made and are being worn, and while the
adoption will no doubt be made with
some trepidation on the part of men,
they are, nevertheless, being called a
blessing by those who are daring to be
come the pioneers In making corsets a
regular part of their attire.
These men's corsets are the product of
an American Lady Corset Company lo
cated at Detroit. Mich. This concern,
whose name is known wherever corsets
are worn by either sex, has set about the
task of popularizing men's corsets,
knowing full well the existence of the
false prejudice and of the ridicule they
are courting and must overcome.
The promoters of this innovation do
not expect the Immediate arrival of a
masculine corset craze. Realizing they
are offering an article that for genera
tions has been held up to scorn, there Is
something more than sentiment in their
intention. They believe that corsets for
men are absolutely practical and essen
tial. They know that a campaign in fa
vor of men's corsets must be a campaign
of education, and that is what they are
inaugurating.
If the average man were asked the
question: "Would you wear a corset?"
he would throw up his hands and quickly
answer, "No." But that would probably
be because he knows nothing of the arti
cle, of Its uses or of its value. Many
men who said six months ago they would
not wear corsets are wearing them to
day and swearing by them, and declaring
the one great mistake the arbiters of
fashion have made has been in not de
creeing long, long ago that men should
be corset clad.
BAR HIE BOXERS
IN LOS ANGELES
PORTLAND, Or.,' OcL 24.— Upon the as
sembling of the Federal Grand Jury this
morning United States District Judge
Bellinger expressed his displeasure at the
publication in local newspapers of fairly
accurate accounts of the- \ proceedings
within the Jury room.
Since the Grand Jury convened special
agents of the Government who are pre
senting evidence in many land fraud
cases have complained that some Jurymen
were giving information to the newspa
pers. In his remarks to the Jury Judge
Bellinger said:
"The newspapers of the city are pub
lishing what purport to be proceedings
that have taken place before the Grand
Jury. Some of these publications purport
to give verbatim reports of the testimony
heard by the Grand Jury. If these are
true reports some person is disclosing se
« ets of the Grand Jury known only to
its members, to the witness and to the at
torney for the United States. By whom
soever disclosed, these reports have a sin
ister look. They tend to hinder the course
of Justice, if that is not their purpose, and
to bring the administration of the law
Into contempt- No such thing has ever
to my knowledge happened In this court
before. And if it happens again it will
become my duty to remedy the evil and
to punish those responsible for it."
JUDGE BEBTTKES JTJBY.
As Schneider has dismissed J. A. Sea
briskie, as attorney, who had been first
associated ¦with him, the secret service
officers took him into the case as special
prosecutor and a thorough Investigation)
of the case was begun all through the
Pacific Coast States in which "land
grafters" have been engaged in business.
Seabrislde recently returned from two
months* absence spent in San Francisco,
where he met Burns, Pugh and three
other secret service officers working on
the case and wbere.be also consulted Bin
ger Hermann, who was commissioner at
the time the charges were first brought.
Seabri&kle expects to leave for Washing
ton shortly. Special Agent Holslnger is
now In Tucson, but he refused to talk
about the Investigation.
When they encountered Schneider they
found that he regretted having brought
the matter to the attention of the de
partment and they were referred by him
to his attorneys, who are also attorneys
for land operators. The only reason they
would give why Schneider should thus go
back on his former statements and re
fuse to give any further evidence, was
because he had found that a number
of his friends would be drawn into the
matter and at least one had threatened
to commit suicide if expcpr.ed.
Commissioner Hermann advised Colonel
Beabriskie, attorney for Schneider, that
an arrangement by which testimony could
be taken would be made, and S. J. Hol
slnger, special agent of the Land Office,
was sent to Tucson, where Schneider laid
the whole affair before him, giving In de
tail the plan of operations for years past.
The papers went on to Washington and
William J. Burns of the secret service di
vision of the Treasury Department and A.
B. Pugh, Assistant Attorney General for
the Interior Department, were sent to
Tucson to Investigate.
Seabrlskle advised .Commissioner Her
mann that he had a client who could ex
pose great Irregularities In the taking up
and disposing of Government lands.
Schneider had been connected with land
operators in California for a number of
years and was familiar with the methods
of taking up land Just before it was re
served. He had fallen out with his asso
ciates, and after coming to Arizona agreed
to expose them.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Oct. 24.— Investigation
Into the operations of "land grafters" by
the United States Land Office, began over
a year ago, when J. H. Schneider, for
merly of Oakland. Cal., but who has lived
at Tucson for about two years, through
James A. Seabrlskle, ex-United States At
torney for Arizona, first brpugh^ the mat
ter to the attention of the General Land
Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Roosevelt will make an ad
dress at an open air service to be held
to-morrow night on the grounds of the
Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul, un
der the direction of the Bishop 1 of Wash
ington. All the visiting Bishops will at
tend.
Resolutions were also adopted regard-
Ing the attitude of the Episcopal church
toward the churches subject to the Roman
obedience, providing that the former
should in Its contention for Its rights be
content always "with unlimited charity
to the Roman Catholic clergy and peo
ple." :::
The resolutions urge that Episcopalians
marrying Roman Catholics should not
promise that their children should . be
brought up Catholics.. Th© conference
then adjourned' to meet again at the call
of the primate of all Canada/
Prolonged cheering greeted the two
Canadian Bishops, who In their addresses
referred to the oneness of the Anglo-Sax
on race and the increasing friendliness of
the United States, Canada and Great Brit
ain.
The resolutions regarding: co-bperatlon
with other Protestant communions sug
gest that the eoverninK bodies of the
church lay before the Presbyterian Gen
eral Assembly and the Methodist General
Conference the contents of the paper read
by the Coadjutor Bishop of Montreal on
the points of agreement and disagreement
between Protestant churches. The reso
lution asks these Protestant communions
to consider seriously the subject of
church unity, "with a view to arriving at
intercommunion and possible union of
them In the United States through the
composition of some of the differences
and the recognition that others do not
constitute sufficient reasons for creating
or continuing: a rupture."
The conference did not take a vote on
the proposed resolution relating to the
divorce question and action on that sub
ject was postponed.
Six thousand people interested in the
cause of missions attended the public
missionary service In Convention Hall this
afternoon. Sixty-four Bishops from the
United States, Canada and the West In
dies were on the platform, together with
many clergy and laymen. Including Sec
retary Cortelyou, Brigadier General
George L». Gillesple, chief of engineers,
and the District Commissioners and other
Government officials. Back of the ros
trum were draped American and British
flags.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24. — The Pan-
American Conference of Bishops to-day
adopted resolutions that "It be com
mended to all Bishops and other clergy,
first, to familiarize themselves with the
great political and economical questions
which to-day in all lands are dividing
men, and then to point out how their so
lution can be found, not bo much In or
ganization, but In application to dally life
of the principles and example of Jesus
Christ."
Wearers Tell of Improvement Wrouglit
and an American Lady Corset Com
pany Undertakes Task of Converting:
Men to Their Uso.
Conference Takes No Action
on Resolution Concern
ing Divorce.
HEALTH AND EASE
MUCH AIDED BY THEM
Development of Investiga
tion Into the Big
Scandal..
Government Land Offi
cials Get Start at
Tucson.
Ridiculed for Years, They /Are. at
> Last Heralded as Practical and
Essential*
Episcopalian Prelates
Address Protestant
Oommuniona
BISHOPS URGE
CHURCH UNITY
HEAR OF FRAUD
FROM ARIZONA
CORSETS FOR MEN
THE LATEST DECREE
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
Nothing makes a girl so Indignant when
she kisses a man as to forget to do It
against her will.
29
GBAPE-1TTJTS.
BUSY DOCTOR 4
Sometimes Overlooks a Point
The phyeician is such a busy man that
fce sometimes overlooks a valuable point
to which his attention may be called by
an intelligent patient who is a thinker.
"About a year ago my- attention was
called to Gra.pe-Nuts by one of my pa-
tients." eaya a physician of Cincinnati.
"At the time my own health was bad
end I was pretty well run down, but I
saw in a m:r.ut<; that the theories behind
Grapf-Nuts were perfect, and If the food
«¦" all ttiat was claimed for it It was a
perfect lood, eo I commenced to use
Grape-Nuts with warm milk twice a day
tnd in a ehort time began to Improve In
every way and I am now much stronger,
feel SO ptr cent better and weigh more
tiian I ever fii<j i n my life.
"I know that all of this good Is due to
Grajwj-Nuts and I am flrmly convinced
that the claims made for the food are
true. I havr, recommended and still rec-
Iomciend the food to a gre&t many of my
patients with splendid results ajid In some
cases the improvement of patients on this
fine food has been wonderful.
"As a brain and nerve food. In fact as a
r*neral food. Grape-Nuts Mand3 alone."
-.arae riven by Postyra Co.. Battle Creek.
Mich.
l»ek in *ach package for a copy of the
togoui JitUe book. "The Road to Well-
AE VEBTISEMENTS.
TOOK A_STRAW VOTE
Interesting Experiment in a Bestau-
rant.
An advertising agent, * representing a
prominent New York magazine, while on
a recent western trip, was dining one
evening In a Pittsburg restaurant.
While waiting for his order he glanced
over his newspaper and noticed the ad-
vertisement of a well known dyspepsia
preparation, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets; as he himself wlas a regular user
of the tablets, he began speculating as
to how many of the other traveling men
In the dining room were also friends of
the popular remedy for Indigestion.
He says: I counted twenty-three men
at the tables and in the hotel office I
took the trouble to interview them and
was surprised to learn that nine of the
twenty-three made a practice of taking
one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets after each meal.
One of them told me he had suffered so
much from stomach trouble that at one
time he had been obliged to quit the
road, but since using Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets had been entirely free from, in-
digestion, but he continued their use, es-
pecially while traveling, on account of
irregularity in meals and because like all
traveling men he was often obliged to eat
what he coud get and not always what
he wanted.
Another, who looked the picture of
health, said he never ate a meal without
taking a Stuart Tablet afterward be-
cause he could eat what he pleased and
when he pleased without fear of a sleep-
less night or any other trouble. . -
Still another used them because ho was
subject to gas on stomach, causing pres-
sure on heart and lungs, shortness of
breath and distress In chest, which he
no longer experienced since using the
tablets regularly.
Another claimed that Stuart's Dyspep-
sia. Tablets was" the only safe remedy he
had ever found for sour stomach and
acidity. He had formerly used common
eoda to relieve the trouble, but the tab-
lets were much better and safer to use.
After, smoking, drinking or other ex-
cesses . which . weaken the -: digestive , or-
gans, nothing restores the stomach toa
healthy, wholesome condition so effectual-
ly as Stuart's Tablets.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, contain the
natural digestives, pepsin, diastase, which
every ' weak • stomach lacks, j as well as
nux, hydrastin - and yellow parilla, and
can ' be' safely .relied, on as a radical
cure for every form ¦ of pbpr digestion.
Sold by druggists everywhere.
ADVEBTISE2CZNTS.
I)R. CHAMLEY 1
VICTORIOUS
All Blackmailing
Schemes Defeated
•'. "^ST-.i* v jek£,^&-"- ¦'¦• '¦" * '^JiJafiflrjrwKB
8. R. CHAMLET, X. D.
SernUr rndnat* ia ciediciae ftad ngitteni la
four ctfttes. Tetcaei t&d proru to tht
profeuloa that
In Woman's Breast
A Lump Is Cancer
Aey Iwsp or ton ca the lip, f »ce cr aaywber*
»"-z rcmtbi Is re «r:r alirayi cancer. Xfcejr
never pain catU almost put cura.
I Wilt Give $1000
XT I FAIL TO CTKE AXT CAXCEH OK TTT-
i& 1 JS^ s BEr0EE IT P0I80 * s THE
NO KMFE OR PAIN
M a Dollar Need B: Paid Until Cared
As lslead ahrcb cr plant n-.»k»« tbe rarea, the
Boat wrm£rrfcl Cltrortr? on earth to-day. Be«t
book on canctra trtx printed eent rre* with te«-
tissocials cf thousands otir^d rbom you can *e».
jdB0Qk A amall lamp la the
EJK~ . '" . Vr^v*<w^ tLea enr ctb<*r <2oc-
I - r ". . . BObI swiadlinp X-ray ua-
S. R. CHAMLEYJVT D.
••Strictly Reliable" Two Lady Assistants
25 Third Street, San Francisco
PLEASE SEND to some one WITH CANCER
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. • ; '<' *
-'¦•',' : ' ¦ ' ¦ • ¦
PHDNE EXCHANGE 500 . ' afiSSmSti
A TBj^p^^^g^^^B^B Vn JS^ § ''¦ ¦ '* , m /»/ lilt w?t^~mLw i -T~"^^^mmJ ~™f *^~J H B II
&t"Ji|HiKBUdplK 3 tf 'ft^ffljg^S^^gl^^&Z^yp. PUSS ii tj
" ; "^fc •*¦** ' r*iPTM AQU£QMC 3iTJ>»
San Franoisco. Oct. 25, 1903.
Io Our Friends and Patrons,
The General Publior '
¦ . •-
•Just one year ago today the doors of the CORDES FURNITURE CO. were
opened to the public. All that energy and enterprise could accomplish was
done to make that a Red-letter Day in San Francisco's history. The magnif-
ioent reception accorded us by the public then and since, ha3 more than
demonstrated that our declaration, "Your credit is good," was appreciated,
and that there was a field for a store with a liberal policy.
The year's business has far exceeded our fondest expectations. We
have been compelled to add two immense galleries to the salesroom on Geary
Street, making it practically ten floors. In addition to our present ware-
house at Fifth, Bluxome and Townsend Streets we have leased a warehouse on
the northwest corner of Fifth and Townsend, giving us enormous storage
facilities, though even now we are cramped for space for our mammoth stock.
• We believe the phenomenal growth of The New Store is due to the
people's* appreciation of a progressive and liberal policy as well as our
untiring efforts to please, and in return we have endeavored to repay the
publio by giving them better service, better goods at lower prices than 'ever
before poseible on the Coast*
therefore, -through this means, upon this occasion, . our First Anniver-
sary, we extend, to our friends and patrons, the general public, our sincere
thanks; for their very liberal patronage and trust lo retain their continued
confidence and respect* '
With best wishes for' the continued health, wealth and prosperity of
the people and the progress of our country, we are,
Respectfully,
ADVERTISEMENTS. •,
CUT IN
TALKING MACHINE
RECORDS
All new uncatalogued flat indestructible disc records will be sold
during the
> Next 10 days at the following prices:
§1.00 Records 50c | 50c Records. . . .25c
These records are the latest styles of the best known makes.
They can be played on the Zonophone, Victor or Colombia machine.
Make an early selection. Private rooms for record buyer*.
ESTABLISHED 1850.
Largest Dealers In Talking Machines on the Pacific Coast
POST AND KEARNY STREETSSpecial Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC •
¦Watsonyillc is the first community of California to send an exhibit to the bt. Louis Exposition.
She is in the lead in a very worthy cause arid her promptness and activity should be a spur to the rest of
the State. We can afford to leave nothing undone that may contribute to our standing at the fair when
it is thrown open to the world. 1- - ~» y -— ->-•->- -—- ' •-^, .
Townscnd's California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound, in artistic flre
jtchf-d boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market et., above Callbldg •
The Mayor pf San Francisco who will be elected on November 3 will have the appointment of
eleven Commissioners endowed with immense authority in; the government of the city. Let the desires
of every voter regarding the character and qualifications -of .these Commissioners dictate his vote for
Mayor. The past is a splendid guide of what not to desire.,'^
Huntington and Harriman are again at war in the railroad field in Southern California' Each is
projecting competitive improvements and the financial atmosphere is thick with flying rumors of what
is to be done to advance the rival interests. The greatest element of compensation in the entire situa
tion is that whatever the railroad magnates may do in this kind of warfare the public reaps an advantage.
An Oakland Judge, sanguine, intrepid, daring, has risen in his might to the solution of a prob
lem of national moment. He has decided, without an if or an and, that all the ante-election promises
and buncombe indulged in by candidates cannot be held against them after election for good or evil.
While we knew th^ all the time, it is particularly consoling at the present time to have "a judicial opin-
MR. SARGENT, the Commissioner of Immigration, reports an increase of nearly one-third
in this year's immigration over that of last year, which broke all previous records.
Of the 921,315 aliens who came in last year 572,726 were from Southern and South
eastern Europe. Mr. Sargent "sees no menace in this alien flood, except that these immi
grants form themselves into non-English speaking colonies in our large cities, where, he admits, they
endanger the "physical, moral and political security of the country." In order to cure them of what he
calls their "radical theories of government and individual rights,", he proposes that the Government
assist them in diffusion over the country and in the acquisition of homes, when, he thinks, they "will be
come conservative supporters in theory and practice" of our institutions.
It may occur to others that it would be wiser to exclude this mass of ignorance and disease en
tirely, rather than incur the expense of inoculating the whole country with it, in the expectation that the
blister will burn less if spread thinner. The population we. have, by natural increase, rises by several
millions a year of native-born Americans. Mr* Sargent's proposition that by Government agency the
vacant land of the country be-ptit into the hjyids of immigrants in order to soothe them into support of
our institutions leaves these natives a cold prospect. How will he soothe their discontent when they
find their inheritance given to the stranger, in order to pacify him toward a country that he has sought
voluntarily, and^to which nobody invited him?
The Federal Government is embarking upon the investment of many millions to irrigate land that
will provide homes for three millions and a half of people in order to relieve the congested population
of our great cities. None of this irrigated land will be ready for occupancy within three years, and dur
ing that time at the present rate at which Europe is vomiting its "moral, physical and governmental"
disease and discontent upon us, we will add more aliens to our population than the number of our own
.people who hope for homes founded upon irrigation. What we want is not the laws for benevolent dif
fusion proposed by Mr. Sargent, but a law to shut off the supply of aliens until we digest what we have.
If this is not done the country will have something-worse on its stomach than undigested trust stocks. \
I3STOR.EA.SEID IMMIQRATION.
His pick struck through the flooring of
the corridor from which the prisoners
used to enter their cells. Behind these,
latter and corresponding with the main
one, ran, arid still remains, the little se
cret corridor along which eavesdropping
officers tiptoed to listen to conversations
between captives, for the purposes of
evidence, A few blows from the pick
brought to light the mouth of a pit.
Sixty feet down was water— thirty feet
of it The mason had happened upon the
historic well fdr which search had been
made in vain for centuries! It was as
perfect as the day that the Conqueror
sunk it. To-day it still carries its thirty
feet of sweet spring water, and should
ever the Tower be beleaguered, its gar
rison would still be independent of out
side supply. We have our holy wells
our miracle-working wells, and wells of
medicinal waters. If this historic old
shaft which tbe mason brought to light
were distant 10,000 miles, Londoners would
make pilgrimages to drink Its waters.
For ages antiquary after antiquary
found himself baffled by a simple prob
lem at the Tower. How. In the old days,
did the garrlBon g*t a supply of drinking
water? The antiquary could show you
the original fireplace at which William
the Conqueror wanned his hands, oould
point approximately to the epot on which
the murdered Princes fell; he could lead
you to the place where Henry VIII's
Queens were butchered, and to the tomb
stones that collapsed upon their poor
bones: he knew the tiny dungeon In which
Sir Walter Raleigh spent twelve dread
ful years hidden from the light; and
could have you In a twinkling in the
stone dog kennel where still remains the
ring to which they chained Guy Fawkes
But how these unfortunates and their
janitors drank, none could tell. The
Thames hard by was not the source, they
were sure. Organized search was 'vain.
Then there came a thick-headed, unlmagl
inative mason, to whom and his fellows
the work of converting certain of the his
toric dungeons into storehouses for war
material meant nlnepence-halfpenny an
hour and no more.
• • •
Many other Improvements have been
made, too. in the way of the dirt eleva
tor, which plows up the earth and then
lifts the loose red material into wagons
or conveys It to the center of the road
way. .
The convenient and economical handling
of stone in up-to-date road building de
mands not only crushers and elevators,
but storage bins as well, eo that the en
tire handling of the material may be ac
complished without the use of manual
labor from the time the stone is fed Into
the crusher until it is discharged into the
wagon or cart. For email crushing plants
the portable bin on wheels is now beinc
used almost exclusively. It has a capacity
of twelve tons, but when empty weighs
but 2500 pounds. It is made of seasoned
lumber, the bottom being lined with steel
and the 6tone discharged through auto
matic gates. It majj be quickly attached
to the elevator; In fact, the whole outfit,
consisting of crtisher, elevator, screen and
bin, may be set and ready for work in
side of fifteen minutes. In such equip
ments the thirty-Inch revolving screen
preferably six feet in length, is usually
used. When a larger storage capacity for
crushed stone is required, it is now cus
tomary to provide semi-pertable bins,
ranging In capacity from forty to'seven
ty-flve tons. These bins are fastened to
gether by bolts so that they may be taken
down quickly for shipment
may be transported with ease. Such an
elevator raises the crushed stone fifteen
feet from the ground, although the high
est point when folded is less than ten
fe«t. "
A. machine such as has been described,
when in use a? a traction engine, will haul
at least fifui-ii tons of stone over an or
dinary roa<:\ When desired for use as a
stationary engine in connection with a
etone crusher, the simple unclutching of
(the tlriving gear insures its Immovability,
and power can be secured sufficient for
crushing ar.y ordinary rock. Another ad
junct of the latest modern equipment for
road making Is found In a lately devised
and very ingenious dump car. with an
attachment for automatically spreading
on the road any required thickness of
«tone or gravel. The Etone Is dumped
from the crusher into the car. hauled to
tiny desired point on the road by means
of the roller-traction engine, and spread
over the surface undergoing improvement
Jnuchmore evenly and rapidly, as well as
much* more cheaply, than would be dos
elble by the use of men and teams. The
dump car may be so adjusted that the
sheet of crushed stone, irravel or sand
spread upon the road will be of any de
sired thickness from one to eight inches.
An engine tender with sprinkling attach
ment fastened to the tank, for use In
Sprinkling during the rolling process. Is
ttlso included in this equipment.
* Notable advances have been made of
late 5n the provision of complete portable
rock-crushing outfits, including not only
movable rock crus-hers proper, but port
able bins on wheels. The latest achieve
ment in this line is found In the rolier
bearins truck and folding elevator, in
which steel castings fcr frame lever and
Jaw of crusher reduce the weight, and
roller bearings for the truck wheels re
duce the draught, so that a crusher having
- «»«acity of fully twenty tons per hour
On the other hand, much has been ac
complished in the evolution of methods
to enable first-class road construction at
a monetary expenditure much lower than
has heretofore been possible. The impor
tance of this latter achievement will be
more readily appreciated when It Is un
derstood that many of the sections of the
United States most sorely in need of bet
ter roads embrace townships and counties
where the value of land and the financial
condition of the residents will not Justify
any heavy assessment on the taxpayers.
One of the most Important steps, from
an economic standpoint, has been found
In the invention of a road roller which is
also a traction engine. A permanent rood
road cannot be made without the use of
a steam roller and yet the provision of
ruch a machine, available for but one
function, involves a rather heavy ex
penditure. The new combination outfits
which have lately beep Introduced cost
only about half as much as an ordi
nary roller, and by reason of the fact
that the machines may, by the mere in
terchange of wheels, be converted from
road rollers into traction engines, they
can be used for the several purposes of
operating the crusher, hauling: stone to
the road and rolling the latter.
THERE _are few, if any, of the
many fields of activity in the
United States in which, during
the last few years, such compar
ative progress has been made and
such a large amount of work been
done as in that of road making. Yet the
country to be covered is so vast that
what has been done seems to be but a
beginning. We may hope, however, to
gee at no very distant day long stretches
of pood roads in our more sparsrly set
tled Western States such as they have in
the older and more thickly populated
Eastern sections.
Late progress In undertakings of this
class is doubly interesting from the fact
that the improvement is equally notice
able In two separate and distinct lines.
On the one hand there has been intro
duced machinery of great power and effi
ciency which has proven an Influential
factor in bettering the quality of the
roads constructed and at the same time
reduced the time involved in the opera
tion.
ROCK-BIN. STONE-SPREADING MACHINE, AND A VIEW OF A COM
PLETED ROAD. ILLUSTRATING MODERN METHODS AND RE
SULTS IN ROAD BUILDING IN THE UNITED STATES.
In a talk I had with one of the leading
booksellers yesterday about the outlook
for the book trade this season he shook
his head and said things were not bright
ening much yet, if at all. the fact being
that everybody is now suffering more or
less from "flscalitles," which is the name
given to the excitement created by Cham
berlain's fiscal campaign. Whatever bene
fit !n trade the country may be expected
to gain from the carrying out of this pol
icy, England cannot. expect, in. any crisis
In the book trade, any help from the col
onies.. For instance, the tasta for litera
ture in South Africa is lamentably poor.
Kipling, Corelli and Anthony Hope sell
well, but others are nowhere. Only novels
of fast life find much popularity in South
Africa.
Then Canada depends more on the
• ;-?;<? *:; •
In the hands of Edward Arnold for pub
lication before long there will be another
novel by Mrs. "Violet Jacob, who wrote
"The Sheep Stealers," the scene of which
lay on the borderland of England and
Wales. Mrs. Jacob, who is herself Scot
tish, takes Scotland for the Betting of her
new novel.
That a book should be written by the
daughter of the Archbishop of Armagh is
an example of the law of heredity. Both
the Primate of All Ireland and his wife
are well known as writers of verse. This
excursion of literature by Miss Eleanor
Alexander will be awaited with interest.
The bootej Is called "Lady Ance's Walk."'
LONDON, Oct. 24.— Robert Barr has.
I believe, just finished the rather
difficult task of completing the
novel which the late Stephen Crane
left at the time of his death. It is
an Irish story, called "The O'Ruddy."
Crane himself expresed tbe wish that Barr
should finish it did he not live to do It.
so he and Barr thoroughly discussed the
story and its completion.
• • •
United States for literature than on th«
mother country. Hitherto Australia has
been England's best customer among th»
colonies, but even Australia is now taking
more kindly to American literature, chief
ly novels. Though the society novel -Is
the most favored form of fiction In Aus
tralia, American authors who can write
well on travel, big game shooting and
sport In which there is some excitement
can look for a good circle of readers In
Australia. They get .too few such books
from' England, but continued depression
does not .seem to prevent the launching
of new publishing firms. One called tha
"Primrose Press" has Just been founded
by two authors — Allen Upward and L.
Cranmer Byng.
Harry Furnlss is striking out In what,
for him, is rather a new line. He Is en
gaged in writing and Illustrating a love
story, which, he says, will describe the
psychological d, eveI °P ment °* tne & er <>
under some most curious phases of tha
conditions of modern life.
To- Day's Park Concert.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the band in Golden Gate Park
to-day:
Part I— "Star-Spangrled Banner," na
tional anthem (the audience is requested
to rise and remain standing during 1 the
rendition of this number); march, "Di
rector" (Callaghan); overture. "Bronx*
Horse" (Auber); waltz, "Santiago" (Cor
bin); solo for barytone, selected, Walter
Calverd; grand selection, "Robert le Dla
ble" (Meyerbeer).
. Part II— Overture, "Orpheus" (Offen
bach); (a) melody In F (Rubensteln), <b)
ballet, "Copella" (Deliebes); descriptive.
"The Forge In the Forest'\ (Michaelis):
Schubert's "Serenade" (Horst) ; selection,
"Bohemian Girl" (Balfe); "America."
All things come to those who stop wait*
Ins and go after them.
AUTHOR WHO HAS JUST FINISHED, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
NOVELIST'S WISH, THE COMPLETION OF THE BOOK LEFT BY
STEPHEN CRANE, CALLED "THE O'RUDDY."
If he has been telling the truth about Rockefeller, instead of gladly beckoning his railroad to San
Francisco the Examiner should be pledging; Lane to keep it out, by the use of the police and all of the
power of the city government. Instead of the sumptuous picture of prosperity, rise in real estate, rapid
increase to half a million of people, and the vision of expanding commerce, as a result of the coming of
Mr. Rockefeller with a railroad in his trousers pocket to fling at our feet, rails, right of way, terminals,
Pullman coaches, dining cars and all, the Examiner should warn its readers of the sinister designs of
the Standard Oil Company, which is coming to turn their bread into a stone and their fish into serpents.
When did the Examiner get converted to the benefit of railroads to a city? Only a few days ago
it was upholding certain Socialists in Alameda in the attempt to drive from that town the one road it
has. It sided gleefully with the proposition that Alameda would be better off with no road at all. Then,
by what sorcery is it now convinced that every new road built to San Francisco is a source of abundant
prosperity? Now its campaign cry is: "More railroads; up with Lane and Rockefeller, Hearst and
Standard Oil!"
Every sensible man knows that there is no opposition here to the entry of the Western Pacific,
when' Mr. Rockefeller is ready to come, unless, when he is ready, Mr. Hearst turns the other side of his
Janus face, and trusting to the short memory of the people, proceeds to lampoon the Western Pacific,
as he has every constructive enterprise in the State.
The Beckwith Pass is the best gateway for a railroad over the mountains/ and there is a. vast
unoccupied country on both sides of the Sierra Nevada range to be developed by a railroad. But if the
Examiner policy had become the law of the State, no rail could be laid in Beckwith Pass. Only a few
years ago it advocated a law forbidding a California corporation to build a railroad across the line to
get out of the State, and also forbidding an outside corporation to build across the line to get into the
State ! It made that law a test of Democracy and read out of the party ever}' man who opposed it. Now
its test of Democracy is approval of Rockefeller's railroad and support of the Standard Oil Company.
THE Examiner finds it necessary to change the drift of business men to Mr. Crocker by claiming
that if he is elected the Western Pacific Railroad cannot build into San Francisco, but will be
shut out by the Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe. On the other hand, Mr. William Randolph
Hearst declares that if Lane is elected the Western Pacific will come sailing in on the wings of
the wind.
The Western Pacific has been one of the permanent railroad mysteries for a long time. It is
abundantly equipped with money and has secured terminal facilities on Oakland harbor and is seated in
other points of vantage arid its line is pretty definitely known. Whenever there has been any unwilling
ness to endow it with right of way or franchises it has been due to the lack of certainty of the bona fides
of the project, giving rise to a suspicion that it may be only a jobbing operation, projected to be bought
off. In this view, however, those with the most knowledge of its affairs do not concur. Such men
have reached what is believed to be the right conclusion as to its ownership by a process of cancellation
of the parties suspected of owning it, but who have, one by one, entered such public denials as to leave
no doubt of their good faith. This process and certain facts make it entirely sure that the backer of the
road is John D. Rockefeller.
Since he became associated with Gould in the attempt to get control of the Pennsylvania line and
oust Mr. Cassatt from its presidency it has been held as probable that he and Gould are together in this
far Western project." The great advantage to the coast of such a combination is easily apparent. We have
now no continuous through line to the Atlantic coast under a single management and ownership. , Pos
sessed of the Pennsylvania line from New York to Chicago, and the Gould lines westerly from Chicago,
the proposed Western Pacific in Mr. Rockefeller's ownership will join the two oceans by an unbroken
rail. The Standard t)il Company has interests stretching clear across the continent and its own trans
portation line becomes a necessary part of its business. With such a line Mr. Rockefeller can promote
the interests of the Standard in a variety of ways.
But what a spectacle we have in Mr. William Randolph Hearst pleading for the election of a
Democratic Mayor of San Francisco in the interest of Mr. John D. Rockefeller and the Standard Oil
Company! Mr. Hearst's associated organs of sweetness and light in San Francisco, Chicago and New
York have established his reputation and made him a candidate for the x Presidency, by . persistent lam
pooning of John D. Rockefeller and all his works and ways, and of all those whose works and ways are
like unto his. He has been represented as blighting all that he touches for the use of others in order
to convert it to his own purposes. Hearst has attacked William C. Whitney and libeled members of
his family because he was the son-in-law of Senator Payne of Ohio; an associate of Rockefeller. The
celebrated cartoons of the trusts, representing them with the paunch of a cow and the face of a baboon,
would be lacking in even Hearst's conception of a point if Rockefeller and Standard t)ii were not
prominent. < .
LANE AND A NEW RAILROAD
ROBERT BARR FINISHES
Task of Rounding Out
NOVEL LEFT BY CRANE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
JOHN D. SPRECKELSrPrpprietor. . Vv.'.W... Address AH Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
SUNDAY OCTOBER 25, 1903
Publication Office * <s^^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
IMPROVED MACHINERY
of Great Efficiency
MAKES FOR GOOD ROADS
30
ADVERTISE uTENTS.
fcr«Kj PERJFECT CONTROL \ ' ? ~ I
v9$2j MOST DELICATE TOUCH ! I
f'-^vI Win give greater pleasure than any invention of re* 1 I
p' v C"'| cent, years. Call and try h. We are always glad to I I
P-T^i demonstrate its marvelous powers. \ , J
jgpfH We are agents for the B:hr Bros, and Bauraeister f 1
I }/~ i . Accommodating terms if you w!sh. L ;: 1
fcZ^'\ LARGEST LINE OF SHEET MUSIC IN THE CITY, j J : [A
fefe^l LOWEST PRICES. ESSlSays She Has Been Deserted.
Olive Ingram Walker has .asked the
Superior Court to grant her a divorce
from Willis G. Walker on the ground of
desertion. In her complaint the lady sets
forth that she was married to Walker on
February, 1S9S, and that the result of their
unhappy union ia a Bon. • She alleges that
on September 15 of last year Walker left
her and has not since properly provided
for her and her child, forcing .her to be
come dependent on the charity of friends.
The wife declares that her husband Is
possessed of wealth amounting to $50,000
and has a monthly income of $G00. She
was formerly Miss Olive Ingram of Mon
terey and Walker originally hailed from
Sebastopol. '. . . •
Railroad Hand Killed.
Manuel Arvanltis, a laborer employed
on the railroad, at Redding, Shasta Coun
ty, died in the Southern Pacific Hospital
in this city yesterday of inJurT&s re
ceived at Redding last Friday noon. While
attempting to board a train his foot slip
ped and the wheels. ran over one of his
legs. The leg was amputated, and Arvan
ltis died of the shock.
Sues Doctor for Damages.
Dr. Max Rothschild was sued yesterday
for $5000 damages for alleged malpractice
by John and Ida Llndholm. It Is alleged
In the complaint that the physician treat
ed Mrs. LJndholm so unskllif ully that she
suffered great agony for four months and
was compelled to expend large sums to
obtain relief.
Just as soon as the ordinances changing
the grades have been printed for ten
days, City Engineer Grunsky will begin
his Helf-Imrfosed duties as arbitrator in
the matter of assessing the damages sus
tained by small property owners In the
vicinity of the propsed grade changes.
Under an agreement with the Southern
Pacific Company at the time when tho
franchise was under consideration In the
Supervisors' Street Committee, Grunsky
will have absolute power in determining
the amount .of damages to be .allowed.
This power was delegated to Grunsky at
the particular request of Chief Coun&elor
Herrln of the Southern Pacific Company.
The company, as well as the property
owners affected by the changes of grades,
is anxious that the matter of damages
be settled before the final passage of the
ordinance granting the franchise on De
cember 21. when the final proceedings bo
far as the city is concerned will have
been taken by the Board of Supervisors
in the grant of the franchise for the bay
shore road.
At to-morrow's meeting of the Board
of Supervisors ordinances will be passed
to .print ordering the changes of grades
on certain streets adjacent to the pro
posed route of the bay shore line of tho
Southern Pacific Company. The ordin
ance granting the franchise Is to be fin
ally passed on December 11.
How far, and to what extent, the public
stretts may be occupied 'or the purpose of
public meetings, la a matter largely regu
lated either by statutory provisions or local
ordinances. In this city we have an order of
the Board of Supervisors, adopted June 8. 1903.
which forbids the obstruction of a street or
sidewalk "except on occasions of public meet
ing." ' -. :¦
Unless the Socialistic meetings In question
are conducted . in some manner ¦ violative ¦ of
law ' unless they offend against decency or fo
ment violence, or disturb the public peace, or
otherwise offend against - some statutory or
local . law, it would - seem that the assemblage
In question Is not unlawful. ¦
In view,' however. ; of the order ¦ last refer
red to. and of the circumstances that the de
murrer confesses the ¦; truth of the allegations
of the complaint ¦; that the meetlnrs In ques
tion were not. unlawfully. conducted, tho ques
tion &s to the right of a political party to con
duct Its meetings . on ! the public streets of a
municipality does not arise, and cannot be de
termined upon this demurrer. ¦
Demurrer overruled ; ten days to answer.
REGULATED BY STATUTE.
Following is Judge Hunt's opinion:
The complaint herein charges that defendant,
as Chief of Police of* this city and county, ar
rested thu plaintiff for addressing a public
meeting, on political topics, in the public
streets. The complaint charges that the
plaintiffs and other speakers in addressing
such meetings violated no law of the State or
ordinance of tho city. The prayer Is that the
defendant and officers of the Police Depart
ment be enjoined from arresting such speak
ers or breaking up- their meetings. The
plaintiffs and their associate speakers;»re mem
bers of the Socialist party.
The defendant demurred to the complaint on
the ground that it stated no cauee for the is
suance of an injunction. In support of the
demurrer it was argued that the plaintiffs
unlawfully obetructed the public highway by
gathering about them a large concourse of peo
ple whom they addressed; that such assem
blage under such conditions, was Illegal, and
that the defendant, in his official capacity,
had & right to disperse such assemblies, and
if need be, to arrest the upeakera.
The complaint alleges that during a period
of three months last past the members of
the Socialist party have been engaged "in ad
dressing public ¦ meetings assembled upon the
streets of the city." ' ,
For the second time In the Superior
Court of this city and county have the
Socialists defended their right to deliver
speeches on the street corners. Some
months ago Judge Seawell decided that
street orators are acting within the law
In addressing crowds on the streets. Yes
terday Judge Hunt rendered a similar de
cision in the case of Von Braun et al.
against the Chief of Police. He/over
ruled the demurrer of the police to Von
Braun's complaint for an Injunction re
straining Chief Wittman from arresting
certain Socialist orators who nightly de
liver addresses on political and other sub
jects at various street corners.
Judge Hufit did not go Into the ques
tion of the right of political parties to
hold meetings on the street. He decided
the case on contention of thc plaintiffs
that they were not unlawfully obstruct
ing the streets, tho truth of which con
tention was admitted by the defendants.
He held that, in view of such admission
and because of the fact that It was not
shown that the plaintiffs conducted meet
ings violative of law or offensive to
decency, or that they fomented violence
or disturbed public peace, the police had
not the right to arrest them.
JUDGE HUNT'S OPINION.
Southern Pacific Must
Pay for Change of
Uracles.
Hunt Overrules Demur
rer to Their Suit for
Idj unction.
STREET ORATORS
ARE VICTORIOUS
Cowboy Accidentally Shoots Himself.
REDDING. Oct. 24.— The belt which sup
ported the holster and pistol of Andy
Ponte of Gas Point became loose as he
was riding after cattle last night, and
he drew up his horse to fix it. In handling
the firearm it was discharged, and Ponte
received a wound in the side that may
prove fatal. -i ; . /. .•*•"
Escapes Death in Machinery.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 24.-L. Blalne, em
ployed at the Petaluma tannery, had a
narrow escape yesterday from Instant
death. He was worklne near a. large
shaft, when his sleeve caught* in the ma
chinery. While endeavoring to extricate
himself his blouse became entangled, but
being old and worn It finally gave way
under the weight of the man's body. He
was thrown with great force against the
machinery as the belt whirled him around
and a large piece of skin was torn from
his left side and his face and right arm
were badly bruised.
Miner Poisoned by Oysters.
REDDING, Oct. 24.— A day after eating
a midnight meal of Eastern oysters, Fred
Hoffman, a miner, became seriously sick
last night, and almost died in his rooms
before medical aid reached him. Physi
cians say it was ptomaine poisoning.
KEOKl'K. Iowa. Oct. 24. — Tha vault in the
bank of the Hayes Banking Company at Queen
City. Mo., blown to pieces by biirgtarc
early to-day. The amount stolen has not been
learned.
'NEW YORK. Oct. ' 24.— Henry W. Lucy, the
Rngllsh humorist known to the readers of
Punch as "Toby. M. P.," arrived here -with his
wife on the steamship Lueanla to-day. Ho
will remain six weeks in this country, and
may lecture.
Raymond Elliott, a member of the
Cooks' and Walters' Union, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Bailey and An
thony and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of placing a minor in a house of
111 repute. The minor Is Marie Leyva, 17
years of age, who came here in May last
from Los Angeles and met Elliott at a
dance one Sunday night. The girl' was
also arrested and will be held as a wit
ness. The police say that Elliott has two
other girls in similar houses on Mason
and O'Farrell streets.
Waiter in Serious Trouble.
Mrs. Maggie Wiley, wife of Thomas
Wiley, former Chief of Police of ' Van
couver, B. C, called at police headquar
ters yesterday and said she wanted to
have her husband arrested on a charge of
bigamy. She said Wiley had deserted her
some time ago, and she had learned that
he had married a woman in San Jose
eight months ago. who was known as
Mrs. Susan Amelia Wiley. She had met
the second Mrs. Wiley In Seattle recently,
who had given her the contract of mar
riage executed in San Jose, and the com
plainant had It with her as evidence. She
was advised to procure the warrant In
San Jose, where the offense was commit
ted, and she left saying she would go
there at once.
Accuses Husband of Bigamy.
DAMAGE CLAIMS
TO BE ADJUSTED
C. E. Hill was appointed to confer fur
ther with the committee as to preliminary
steps. California literature will be sent
to all the delegates to the St. Louis con
vention, and a special train will carry
California butter makers to the exhibition
city, so that a fight may be successfully
waged for the convention of 1905.
J. A. Fllcher of the World's Fair com
mission explained the hope of the com
mission in securing an exhibit that would,
if possible, exceed that of any other
State. Mr. Filcher stated that California
will have a floor space of 8x8 feet for
dairy purposes In the refrigerator, with
an additional shelf space. The general
exhibit space for dairy purposes in the
California building is 84x13 feet. It was
suggested that this space be devoted to
the reproduction of an ideal dairy farm
in California. Both Mr. Fllcher and the
committee were decisive. that the exhibit
should be distinctively Callfornlan.
The committee suggested that an ex
hibit in butter of the Yosemite Falls
would be one of the most interesting ex
hlbits ever prepared. As the work of
j preparing many details for the dairy ex-
I hibit will be laborious, a resolution was
j passed recommending that the exposi
tion commission create the position of
superintendent of the dairy exhibit of
California, whose duty is shall be to co
operate with the California Creamery
Operators' Association and the dairy In
terests of the State, and shall organize
an exhibit and be In attendance at the
fair.
WISH OF COMMITTEE.
Hamilton Wright, representing the Cal
ifornia Promotion Committee, spoke of the
j wish of the committee to co-operate In
bringing the National Butter Makers'
convention to San Francisco in 1905. It
• was decided that the Promotion Commlt
j tee and the California Creamery Opera
j tors' Association should begin an Imme
dlate campaign toward securing the con
vention.
The California Creamery Operators' As
sociation is planning for a representative
exhibit of dairy products at the World's
Fair, and also expects to capture the Na
tional Butter Makers' Association con
vention—to be attended by between 6000
and 8000 delegates— in 1905. The conven
tion of the National Butter Makers' ..As
sociation for 1904 will be held at St. Louis,
and it ia hoped that the California ex
hibit, together with the work of repre
sentatives of California, may result In
securing this convention.
An Important meeting of a special com
mittee appointed by the annual convention
of the California Creamery Operators' As
sociation In Sacramento last month was
held yesterday afternoon at the office of
the State Dairy Bureau to consider both
the getting up of an exhibit of dairy
products at the World's Fair and also the
best means to secure the butter makers'
convention, which, if held in California,
will be the biggest and most important
agricultural convention ever held west of
the Rockies..
The special committee of the State
Dairy Bureau consists of C. E. Hill, E. T.
Fitzpatrick, H. F. Lyon, W. H. Ronssel,
Thomas Hodge, George G. Knox of Sacra
mento, E. H. Hageman of Fresno, Pro
fessor Majos of Berkeley and W. Hi Say
ler, secretary of the California Creamery
Operators' Association.
FltCHER EXPLAINS.
The Board of Public Works is preparing
to take up the proposition of treating
Point Lobos avenue, from Central to
Twenty-fourth avenues, with crude petro
leum, and will shortly receive a report
from City Engineer Grunsky outlining the
cost and method of the proposed improve
ment. The board will take action as the
result of a petition filed by the Point
Lcbos Improvement Club, which consid
ers the improvement a desirable one.
The City Engineer In his report will
consider the matter from three points of
view. The first will be the oiling of the
avenue for its entire width of seventy-six
feet, together with the admixture of rock
or gravel screenings designed to make a
roadbed almost as hard as a bituminous
rock pavement. The cost of the improve
ment in that shape the City Engineer
says will approximate $25,000. This will
include 'the thorough mixing of the .oil
and the screenings, together with the roll
ing of the same by machinery until the
compound has developed into a perfectly
smooth surface.
The second method of treating the ave
nue will De to oil the same for a central
width of sixteen feet in the same mannei
as the first method outlined. The City
Engineer estimates the cost of this par
tial treatment at from $5500 to $0000.
The third method suggested by the City
Engineer will be to sprinkle the central
width of sixteen feet with oil Instead of
water, and the cost of this treatment
would be but $600 yearly. Of course, the
same results could not be obtained as in
the other method, but a smooth and dust
less pavement could be secured at a small
cost.
The question as to who shall stand the
cost of the improvement is one for the
Board of Public Works to decide at a
future time. Assuming that the property
owners were willing to treat the entire
road, or even the central width, by the
first method named, it might be that the
city would stand half the cost and the
property owners the other half. Should
that not be the case the Board of Works
may expend the money now utilized out
of the "county roads fund" to keep Point
Lobos avenue in repair to treat It with oil
at a cost of $600, as suggested by the City
Engineer In the third method.
Making a Big State Exhibit
- at St. Loui3 Is Prelim
inarv«
Fixes Cost of Treating Entire
Width of the Street at
$25,000.
Prepare to Capture the
National Butter Con
vention.
City Engineer Prepares
Rep or t on Prop osed
Improvement.
CREAMERY MEN
HOLD COUNCIL
TO OIL POINT
LOBOS AVENUE
\'ALLEJO, Oct. 21.-.WJtbln the laat d»y or
two thVe hunters secure* lUnlt ba S « «'«¦»;
va?back on the. bay ami tha-warubes north or
Jierc. The birds -are plentiful. , >
Colonel George H. Pippy presided. and
speeches were made by the following:
Generaj R. A. AJger, C. N.. Bliss, Senator
Perkinsi General Shafter, General Mac-
Arthur, General Stone D. E. McKinlay
*nd E. D. Peixotto.
A luncheon was tendered yesterday by
the fcnion League Club to General K. A.
Algrr and the Hon. Cornelius N. Bliss. At
the table were General R. A. Alger, Hon.
<\ N. Bliss, Charles Algcr, R. A. Alger
Jr.. Henry Standardt, Major George II.
Hopkins. General Arthur MaoArthur,
("aptatn P. N. West, Hon. George C. Per
kins. Colonel Patten, Colonel J. B. Fuller,
Colon€^ George H. Pippy, M. A. Gunst,
CoJonel S. J. Hcndy. C. R. Johnston, Gen
eral George Stone. General W. R. Shafter,
E>. E. McKlnlay. E. A- Belcher. W. H.
Jordan. Dr. Wlnslow Anderson. A- S.
Mangruxn, Major C. A. Devol and E. D.
Pdxotto.
General B. A. AJger and Cornelius N.
Bliss Are Guests at
Luncheon.
UNION LEAGUE ENTERTAINS
H.LUSTBIOUS VISITORS
SONOMA, Oct. 24.— A meeting, called to
organize a Sonoma County Press Asso
ciation at Petaluma to-day was trans
ferred to Asti. where most of the'S.onoma
County editors spent the day as guests of
the Italian-Swiss Colony, and there the
organization was perfected with. these of
ficers: J. Emmet Olmsted. Petal u ma Ar
gus, president: D. W. Ravenscroft,,'Peta
luma Courier, \ice president; J. G. Law
ler, Trades TJnlon Herald, secretary; D.
H. McDonald, Analy Standard/treasurer;
E.. D. Sweetser. Sonoma County Farmer,
sergeant-at-arms, and- A. Nowlln, -Wind
sor Herald, critic.
The meeting adjourned to the call of
the executive committee, the . officers
elected "being constituted this committee.
At the first meeting a constitution and
by-laws .will be adorrted. ~
County Newspapermen Gather at Asti
and Name Officers of the Or
ganization.
EDITORS OF SONOMA
FOBM AN ASSOCIATION
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEAFNESS ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY
._ 1W8?& — - Catarrh and Deafness are cured by Electro-Chem-
/^¦u?mf istry as by no other known treatment. Don't put off
il/*^T P "^^L_ treating Catarrh until it gets into the lungs and causes
ttV ™t1to^1 Consumption; and remember that the sooner treatment
/ W 1 1111 ill] is bepun for your Deafness and Ear. Noises the shorter
l^flrlSilvl e mc re( l u ' re d to cure. There is no known treat-
BV^^'l^sssU raent so successful as Electro-Chemistry for the cure
IsKw-I^ of CONSUMPTION, ASTHMA and BRONCHITIS.
More Electro-Chemic Proof : A Mother's Testimony :
"For years I suffered from Catarrh. . "My little daughter, Alice, suffered
It got down on my lungs and I feared greatly from Catarrh of the head and
Consumption. It affected my hear- ears. H^r cars worried me greatly,
. / . , , ¦ ¦. _ . for they both discharged a foul-smell-
,ng, and caused awful noises in my Jng ma f ter> and at g shfi cou|d no{
head and ears. I used many treat- hear wcll Hcr gen eral health w^s
ments with no benefit; but in six affected. Hearing that the Electrp-
weeks the Electro-Chemic treatment Chemic treatment cured without op-
cured me. My, head is clear, my hear- erations, I took Alice to the institute,
ing is good, my cough and smother- n8 Grant avenue, and I am happy to
ing attacks have gone, and I feel bet- say that she has been perfectly and
ter than I have felt in years." . painlessly cured."
(Signed) ' ' (Signed)
FREDERICK MEYER. MRS. JOHN WILSON,
Mills College, Alameda County, Cal, 329 Second avenue, San Francisco. »
HOME TREATMENT. |
We loan to outside patients our Electro-Chemic apparatus for home
treatment free. of charge. We .advise all "our outside patients, when it ; can j
possibly be done, to come to bur office for a thorough personal examina-f
tion. In most instances the patient can return home the same day, taking
the necessary treatment along. When it is impossible to visit us, write a
careful, description of principal symptoms, and full instructions will be'
promptly forwarded for home examination and treatment.
.rsiL free Electro = Chemid
Specialties— Consumption, Catarrh, .
Bronchitis,. Asthma, Cancers, Tumors, . ¥#io"^* < ta*4/\
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Rheu- IllSIltlllw*
matism, Paralysis,. Neuralgia, Piles, f _ ' ¦ ¦ ',-.
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kid- ll8 Grant AVC, COI\ POSt St.,
. • , _ . , • . , SAX PRAXC1SCO. -*
neys and Bowels, Special Diseases of . Office hours. 9 a. ra. to"5 p. m. and. 7
Men and Women. All Chronic Dis- to 8 p. m.- daily. Sundays, id a. m. to -I
p. m. Separate apartments for ladle* and
eases. gentlemen. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VITAL FORCE
"Is Crushed by Chronic Troubles.
One of the most weakening, undermin-
ing troubles which mankind is heir to is
hemorrhoids or piles. The victim is care-
less and neglectful of the disease at first
because the pain Is slight and the bleed-
ing may only occur occasionally, or he
may be reassured by the occasional disap-
pearance of the symptoms. And yet if at
the very start he had found a rational
remedy to soothe the inflammation he
would probably never have had a return
of this irritating malady.
Piles may develop at any season of the
year, and at almost any age of the vic-
tim; the abuse of cathartics often causes
this trouble and a period arrives when
the dread of pain at stool becomes so
great that the sufferer begins to neglect
the calls of nature and the bowels aro
either forced to retain the feces or are
only partially cleared, on account of the
suffering attendant upon a thorough
movement.
Before you reach this stage use a rem-
edy which removes the cause, ihereby
eradicating the disease, and that is the
Pyramid Pile Cure, which is sold by all
druggists at 50 cents a package; it is in tho
form of a suppository, is applied direct-
ly to the parts affected ajid brings about
a complete cure, quickly and painlessly.
A valuable little book on the cause and
cure of piles is published by the Pyramid
Drug Co., Marshall, Mich., and we ad-
vise every sufferer to send for a copy of
it.
People who have suffered from piles for
years are often astonished at the instant
relief experienced from the first applica-
tion. Another important advantage is
the fact that any one can use the remedy
without detention .from business or inter-
ference with daily occupation.
"I feel it my duty to recommend the
Pyramid Pile Cure, for after suffering ten
years _with a most distressing form of-
Piles, I am entirely cured, thanks to this
remedy. Any one doubting this can write
to Margaret Brady, 156 Whitman street,
Cleveland, Ohio."
|j The brct Whisky made in SCOTLAND (j
I ANDREW USHER I
I ; O.ViG I
I spegiaCreserve I
ju Tob* obtained tho World ov«r of |j
|H Wine • Merchant* »nd Dealers H
1 WILLIAM WOLFFACO. M rm.c.sco I
jj pACiric C0A9T AOtNTl ' . ill
,CUTLERi1fV
EyER/MDeARRAhflB
;.: . ADVEBTISEMENTS.-. V _
the King of Encyclopaedias!
In spite of the multitude of reference works .which appear and . disappear every season,
there is ONE GREAT AUTHORITY which remains unapproachably and perman- • _prT '
ently at the head of them all— one that will continue to be cited as the standard jgnhcir'jj:
by critics, scholars, students and readers the world around— and that is .['/
The Encyclopaedia Britannica jd^Emfw'
It is at once the king and father of them "all. The pioneer in its jSsSsSSk \ I Vi ! * ; Y
field and' the product of the world's greatest minds, .it .has. been ; ' _s^^B^^^^^X(/
imitated and copied by smaller works, because the ENCYCLO- ; ! • i XYJy/
PAEDIA BRITANNICA has been recognized for a century and " ' <~g|s|=as==p& $> %(yf ' ':
a quarter as the greatest repository of knowledge, in theworld. J^^^q^ ) \ $/'v/I
Over 600 American Contributors •^gSgSE&?3i*^- { %Yf From
Besides its corps of over 1,000 of the ablest Euro; ",';. .-J^^ip^^jH^ i/i\t{ W* Afghan-
pean scholars, over 600 American contributors were. •' :- g \^jf^j^^ ¦ — $ i f ¦> i of: y istan and
employed to write on American topics and Ameri- > f,y>\''X f f' ' Bulgaria to
can institutions." These 600 names repre- "'^^^^^^zL^—'^P (%£- ?3(j/j the PhiIi P'
sent the foremost men of our land — such fc^^^^^g. > ... \-k > ttyj 1 * pines and Zan-
men as Thomas B. Reed, John Sherman, */%' >/$ if z ibar/ every
John H. Finley, Cardinal Gibbons, JL^g^f^gjy . /£•£$%( /fefi i ' country receives
General McGlellan, President Hadley Cz^ "" ,~ Wi'ity/V j $K f thorough scrutiny,
of Yale, Richard Henry Stoddard, Jmg0UB^~ /ArJ ?A £ j >'/W& ' While in tne A^$>
George W. Cable and others. HWif SCIENCES, LET-
And when we leave America, Jfeggpygpllf^" ¦ /&-°'$$A'/ &?$ TERS, and everv craft
v B^T™v= d i a 5 *^ JMkWM ™ k the jr; h r,^ 1
topis which isabs-'ute- Pglp^^g^iigjl^ y%T *? WH/il/w & worksupphes the final word,
any other woik. . =?;;^^T r^ "*¦ jrrT^^T" — ~^y0^f j H*%fJ> \ y fi £ y Csntupv Edition
r. .. f^S^^'l^~^^^^^^^-Z- ¦rrrcC^^i^ Aj^Wi iffilret* r iW ' Ed, ton has been published more BR1TAN-
; '#^^P#^#^%^^i^lS^^W^^^<^ YM NIC AS have betn sclJ than ALL OTHER
'^^H^Bw^r/KP ' CYCL ? PAEDIAS COMBINED
! illliii^^ ° n i «« 111 °! ih °£"^ «»* oV^taL and
| / J/W M lafcor ' thc P ricc o{ this Encyclopedia must be advanced
tJ&llsSsI t*^2$ifij 'W&$>y '^J&M^vA/kf r$ at aQ early datc * We have, however, arranged that this
ppf*^fp 3 1 B^&lili *1«^ Jj " > 'W$Mi/ffl increase in price shall not go into effect until the present
11111 moniut . liill 'iW\J/ S :>MlW P IFYoVlX) NOT* DELAY you may still obtain this
: MlSi MASSIVE gfesSg Mfm^'JMw it of Encyclopaedias at LESS THAN HALF PRICE
: |p5|p$Rt VfllUM*'? P%lPni> W .W\ I f 3 and on easy payments amounting to only TEN CENTS A
lliS§$ WEIGHT* iiSitl But PROMPT action is necessary. Send in thc free IN-
?!|§||| 0 V£R QUlRY COUPON TO-DAY. . '
I illlll 209 LBS. ¦ |S||tf Slli,# A^ ¦¦•*' - : " "WHAT 18 SAID OF IT. . .'• :;\: '
' ils|t||ji' '$'Ssr f/i ¦ "i* ls without a peer in the whole noble army of encyclopae-
: llkf^ //M ¦ aS ""The y^Kn^yclop°aedla' Britannica Is king of its tribe."— Prof.
: «ifl^Klwl^l«^tli#fii?WI® n'-W'/M/' ' ' "If all other books 'were destroyed, the Bible excepted, the
> •'• . world would lose-but .little of its information."— Spurffeon.
i ¦ ' A limited number of Booicases will be given free of charge to
Ol \A*%r-r-z,,* iuf limA c • Call readers who. reipond. promptly. The coupon -T>elow ' will be
Ol IVIaSSIVC VOIUllicS. Imown aa the Bookcaia Conpon and should ta mailed at oaoe.
Wpitfht flvPr 200 POlindS. ' Ur^S^ C«* <>«* * nd maU t* 1 * Conpon to-day for . particular* of ova
" Wi ' 1 uww fcvw ¦ \$fZS3 -great offer through "The Call."; , i, ;,;.,„. ¦•'
| . ; .¦;-.:•¦ ¦.• " *ip--M-Q3,.- ¦•.¦;.. '.::• ¦ /, .-¦.••... '¦¦-.
25 ™:™: The American iye\vspape^Association.
5 Volumes American Additions. Parrott . Building. S^n Francisco. CaL' - .
1 LTtZs °ofte\ZT^: Please send' m^re^dfffharge sample pages and full
; —" " particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
$1 New 20th Centary Edition Name •.-..•.,..., ,,^-§treet ..•....:.
B Tou can pay the balance Town ........ County State
* liy'l^fX'rt^e. 1001 SAN FRANCISCO CALL BURBAU
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' ': :^;V
the W H IT -R H fil I F
— — — II ill 1 Ju ilUUulu
Monday==Great Opening=Oct 26
A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF EUROPEAN
; ¦ J NOVELTIES, v
Appropriate for Wedding and Holiday Gifts.
For Drawing«Rooffls, Libraries, Halls, Etc.
Bronze Busts, Groups and ; Statuettes, by the best
French artists. Many of, them reproductions of pieces
•- exhibited in the Salon, 1903.
Fancy Furniture
This fine line should prove most attractive to those seeking
odd pieces of Artistic Furniture, comprising, as it does,
numerous styles of Curio Cabinets,. Writing Desks, Living-
room and Library Tables, Tea Tables, Hall Seats, Tabour-
ettes, etc ....
Fine China and Porcelains
Made especially for the "White House" by the "best people
in their line" in France, England and Germany. The collec-
tion comprises Sets for Fish, Game, Roasts, Tea, Chocolate
and Icecream in entirely new designs. Plates of all de-
scriptions and a rare assortment of. odd Cups and Saucers,
suitable for card prizes and engagements. •
Rich Cut GlaSS (*M<*1 and American)
Complete stock. The best makes. Brilliant patterns. Shown
in a room specially constructed and devoted solely to the
display of this beautiful ware.
Clocks and Clock Sets
An immense collection, including a most attractive assort-
ment of Traveling Clocks. Handsome designs for the man-
tel—hall and living room — Clocks unique in character, with
pleasing chimes. •
[¦: Special Attention .
. Is called to a superb stock of Portable Electric Lamps,
'¦ ¦ Onyx and Marble Pedestals and Terra Cottas. Also an ele-
; .gant line of novelties in Smoking and Liqueur Sets and Pho-
" ". tograph Frames in all the newest shapes arid designs.
¦ - ¦ . y" ¦ ' .
NOTICE— To avoid the great rush of the holidays cus-
tomers may purchase goods now without having them charged
until day of delivery.
/ Cor.Post&Kearny Sts.
QCCO0O00O00OGOC©0GOO0©COCCO0O6OO©COO0OO©eO0Q e
O ' ' A
I Usf> o^Utle at aTime §
• \ Jf . .......••©
I Beautiful Odd Pieces |
S •¦¦ < We carry an elegant line of ladies' dressing tables, writing desks •
©and music cabinets, made up in quarter-sawed oak, \ mahogany and q
® birdscye maple. Aside from the serviceablcness and convenience of ®
O these. articles they make a handsome decoration for parlor or cham- q
•.' ber. Every ladj' desires one of these to help brighten up her home/ •
§ We have them at all prices to suit every purse. Our prices are al- J
O ways the lowest, as we own our building, pay no rent and give our ©
2 patrons' the benefit in low prices and easy payments. J
a •* *i* i"*~ . ' '. »¦ ¦ '" ©
I The J. IMoonan Furniture Go. |
• » mi? IHOQ Miccirtn Qf AB)VC SIXTH, ¦ ' •
O IOI7-IUJ*> MlSSlOn Ol., Sear iVcw P. suffice. . OIn order to advertise Its goods, a Ger
man firm is inclosing: a bank note of tha
value of 10 shillings ln one of every 500
balls of wool sent cut.
Dr. August Greth, inventor of the air
ship that made a successful ascension
last Sunday morning, will not attempt to
repeat his performance to-day. Dr. Greth
announces that the motor /)f his airship
is out of commission and unfit to be given
another trial. Consequently the second
trip of the air craft has been postponed
until such time as another motor can be
secured.
Dr. Greth announces that !>* Is not the
Motor of Airship Will Have to Be
Replaced Before Another Trial
Takes Place.
GRETH WILL NOT TyTATTR
AN ASCENSION TO-DAY
The Fresno man will soon begin th«
construction of an airship in this city and
hopes to have the craft ln readiness to
compete at the St. Louis Exposition. The
new aJrshlD will be known as the "aero
mobile" and its designer has great faith
in it. -
inventor of the propellers used ln th«
airship. These are the creation of T. E.
Jones of Fresno. Greth was favorably
Impressed with the propellers and decided
to give them a trial. He states that they
have given entire satisfaction.
The lower branch of the Baltimore
Councils has passed an ordinance appro
priating $15,000 for the extermination of
mosquitoes.
Arthur Rees, aged 23 years, a conductor
on the Haight-street car line, was arrest
ed last night and charged with seduction
under promise of marriage. The com
plaining-' witness Is Miss Gertrude
Auchick, 19 years old. Rees was married
a short time ago to Miss Grozier at Red
wood City. Both parties refuse to discuss
the case.
Arrested on Serious Charge.
Rev. George Greig; Centennial, kev,
Hugh T. Dobbins.
Reception to the. Blind.
The reading-room and library for the
blind at Fourth and Clara , streets was
crowded yesterday afternoon, ' the occa
sion being an annual reception tendered
to the eightless by the Ladies' Auxiliary
connected with the institution. A number
of the blind of this city and Oakland were
present and the hours were spent in pleas
ant greeting. Mrs. Josephine Morris de
Greayer, president of the auxiliary, con
ducted the reception, and was asisted by
many other ladies. Some fine Specimens
of handiwork by the blind were exhibited.
Among them was a doll dressed by Miss
la Barraque and a model plow made of
metal by- Hans Hansen. The place was
artistically decorated, and after refresh
ments had been served the reception came
to a close.
The Presbyterian Synod of the State of
California, which has been in session in
this city at the Calvary Presbyterian
Church, Fillmore and Jackson streets,- for
the last four days, adjourned last night.
The reverend gentlemen who were in at
tendance pronounced the synod one of the
most successful ever* held on the coast.
The business transacted and the sugges
tions gathered will < be of great use in
church affairs and all present express
themselves- as having profited by their
attendance.
Much pt the work yesterday was rou
tine, atany committees were heard and
the suggestions they had to offer for the
betterment of religious conditions were
discussed and acted upon. There were
three sessions during the day. The first
opened in the morning with devotional
exercises and the last,. which closed the
synod, ended with a benediction. All of
the committees reported progress in var
ious affairs but some explained where
evils could be remedied. In the evening
three brilliant addresses were delivered
and after devotional exercises to-day the
delegates will depart for their respective
homes.
When ' the session opened yesterday
morning a sacramental service was held,
the moderator presiding. Then came a
narrative on the state of • religion. The
report on temperance was then read and
the committee reported that much had
been done ln this regard during the last
year. It was stated that several corpor
ations, Including . the J railroads, had re
fused to employ men who over-indulged
in liquor and that such action had a de
cidedly moral effect. The report of the
committee on young people's work was
very creditable. This especially referred to
Endeavor work and showed little delin
quency and rapid progress.
RECEPTION IS HELD.
Soon after 11 o'clock a reception.to*dele
gates from corresponding bodies was held,
and reports of such delegates were re
ceived. Then business' affairs generally
were discussed and at the noon hour an
Carrying with him the best wishes of a
large number of guests, who had gathered
about the counter of the Palace Hotel to
give him a farewell shake of the hand.
John McDermott Jr., for many years a
clerk of that big- hostelry, retired yester
day afternoon, having, as already pub
lished, resigned his position several
months ago. It was the original Intention
of McDermott to follow' his leave-taking
with an extended trip through the East,
but yesterday, shortly after he left the
Palace, he was summoned to the office of
Allan Pollok, the manager of the new St.
Francis Hotel.. A half hour's conference
between the two was followed by a state
ment from Manager Pollok that McDer
mott had accepted an offer of the posi
tion of chief clerk of the new hotel and
will enter upon his duties as such when
the establishment Is opened about Feb
ruary 1.
Mr. McDermott's engagement with the
St. Francis Company, however, • begins at
once, and prior to the opening McDermott
will assist Manager Pollok in completing
arrangements for the same. Under sal
ary he will make a trip to the East, but
lt will not be as extended as he had con
templated, for the reason that he Is
needed here before the new hotel Is ready
to receive its patrons. "
Accepts Position as Chief Clerk Im
mediately After Retiring
From the Palace. ¦;¦'.•'.:: ¦¦
McDERMOTT GOES TO
THE ST. FRANCIS HOTEL
Presbyterians End Their
Labors After Pour
Days' Session.
adjournment was taken until the after
noon.
Soon after 1 o'clock the meetings of
presbyters and committees were held,
after which came a report on the freed
men. Then the committee on Sabbath ob
servance read a paper, which was full of
Interest, and thc committee on systematic
beneficence submitted its report. Con
siderable stress was laid during the ses
sions on mission work, and the thoughts
expressed on the subject were many and
deep. The report of the financial commit
tee on financial status of the San Anselmo
Seminary was elaborate and well received,
though a deficit was reported owing to
the failure of some of the investments
made .by the church to realize an an
ticipated sum. v
At thc evening session evangelistic and
educational aff&lrs were discussed by Rev.
Warren H. Landon, D. D., of the Synod
of Oregon. An address by Rev. G. W.
Wadsworth, D. D., followed, and Rev.
John S. Macintosh. D. D., for the as
sembly's committee on evangelism, made
the final address. Then the roll was call
ed, a benediction delivered and the synod
adjourned, to meet next year at West
minster Presbyterian Church, in Sacra
mento. A board of directors, consisting
of Hugh Fraser, George D. Gray,
John Hemphill, David Jacobs, Wales Pal
mer, ThomasBoyd, W. B. Gilbert, W. S.
.Molt and George H. Stone, was appointed
for the San Francisco Theological Semi
nary.
DISCUSSION OCCURS.
Some discussion occurred as to whether
a president should be elected for the
seminary, but the friends of the proposi
tion finally won their point, and a resolu
tion to that effect was adopted.
The following ministers will occupy the
respective pulpits of the churches named
at morning and evening services to-day:
Lebanon,: Major G. A. Hilton " of Los
Angeles, Messrs. Holdrldge and Dixon ln
the evening; Calvary, Dr. H. K. Walker
of Los Angeles, moderator of synod; Dr.
James Mclntosh and' Major Hilton, Trin
ity, Dr. Marshall of New York, Rev. A.
B. Allison; Howard, Rev: Ambrose B.
Pritchard, Los. Angeles, Dr. Marshall;
First Church, Rev.;M.. J. McLeod of
Pasadena, Major Hilton of ¦, Los Angeles,
Rev. Thomas * Boyd; ; 8t. John's, Rev.
Alexander Eakin of Riverside, . H. J.
Walker of Los Angeles; Westminster,
Rev. W. G. Trower of Santa Cruz; Holly
Park, Rev. > Mr. Campbell ; Olivet, Rev. 1 J.
N. Boyd, Rev. G.C. Butterfleld; Franklin
street, Rev. David James of; San Rafael;
Mlzpah, Rev. G.i II; Whiteman,' Rev. A.
B. . Pritchard ; ; Memorial, Messrs. Hol
dridge;and Dixon. ;
Oakland churches— First, ¦ Rev. J.* A.
Marquise; ' Brooklyn," Rev. % N.I B.' Taylor,
Rev. • J. ' M. Mclnnes ; Alameda, ; Rev: W.
D. More, Rev. J.* A. Marquise; Union,
Rev. -W. C. Sherman.' Rev. R: B. Taylor;
Berkeley, Re,v. H. Hillard.
*•' San Rafael, Rev. Guy \V. Wadsworth,
MINISTERS PLAN
IMPORTANT WORK
A shell from a 12-lnch gun. makes Its
Clght of nine miles in 42 seconds.
"The committee inquired into this par
ticular cose at the time of the investiga
tion, ar.d we were shocked that any one
should have removed such a girl from the
care of people who knew how to 'treat
her. Sha was ordered to be returned, and
that she was not sent back ln compliance
with that order was an act of defiance of
Ptate authorities that should be severely
cVaJt with."
FRESNO, Oct. C4.— Concerning the sui
cide of Rose King, the half-caste Mexican
C'-r't who was taken out of the Glen Ellen
Home'by C. Walter Gould, then a director
of the institution, and employed by him
as a domestic in his home in San Fran
cisco, where she killed herself, as report
ed m Thursday's Call. A. M. Drew of this
city, who was chairman of the special in
vestigation of the Assembly at the last
session, is very indignant.
"The board of directors of the home,"
he said to-day, "has been shown by this
unfortunates suicide to have been dere
lict in ita duty. The girl should never
have been taken out of the institution, aa
she was a mental wreck. The board could
h&ve got her back ln the home very easily
by commencing habeas corpus proceed
ings, and this is what ought to have been
dene.
Special Dispatch to Th» Gall.
The Police Commissioners will no doubt
subpoena Rulfs to appear before them on
Tuesday night and give his testimony
against Sergeant Wolf. Lieutenant Glee
son denied all knowledge of the matter
when seen last night.
The records of the Police Commission
substantiate Rulfs as to the action taken
on the application for a transfer and the
subsequent renewal of his license. Ac
cording to the minutes the application
came up on September 24 and was denied
on October 1, 1301. On October 8 a license
was granted to Rulfs for the saloon at
513 Natoma street.
"The matter came up before the Police
Commissioners and was laid over for one
week, so the Commissioners coula com
municate with Mrs. Morris and ascertain
whether or not the building into which I
•wished to move had ever been used for
ealoon purposes. At the next meeting the
transfer was refused, and the following
week I secured a. renewal of my license
at the old place. Sergeant Wol? never
appeared before the Commission to testi
fy in my behalf. I went to the license of
fice to see Sergeant Gleeson, and asked
him about the money. Several officers
were present, and he Hskcd me in a very
peculiar manner to what money I referred.
I supposed that he did not wish any one
to know about the matter, and that was
the reason he spoke as he did. I am
ready and willing to substantiate any
thing I have said before the proper au
thorities."
"In September. 1901. I was conducting
a grocery and bar at 6-19 Natoma street,
and owing to the fact that my landlady.
Mis. Morris, refused to give me a lease
I determined to seek another location.
Alterations were being made on a build-
Ing at 531 Natoma street, and I deter
mined to apply to the Police Commission
for a transfer of license. I had in my
employ a young man who was a game
keeper at the Baldwin Annex. I spoke
to him about the matter and he advised
me to see Sergeant Wolf, who, he claim
ed could have the matter fixed for me.
According to my clerk. Wolf made the
Baldwin Annex his headquarters. The
affair occurred during the teamsters'
strike and I went to see Wolf, who was
on duty at the Mail dock. I v explained
the matter to him and he told me it
would cost $20. '
"After I had seen Wolf, a fellow named
•Young Dutchy* Hansted came to my
«=aloon and stated that he was the 'go
between' for Sergeant Wolf and collected
for all the crap games in the district. I
told him that 1 would pay the money to
Wolf. 'and he left- On Monday, a day be
fore the meeting of the Police Commis
sion; Wolf came to the saloon in citizen's
attire, collected $20 and said everything
would be O. K. There were two or three
of my fr'ends in the saloon at the time
and they saw me pay the money. Wolf
told be before he took his departure that
he would have to divide the money with
Strgeant Gleeson of the license office.
TRANSFER IS REFUSED.
ADVISED TO SEE WOLF.
The complainant in tnls last allegation
of crookedness that has been lodged
against Serceant Wolf is at the pres
ent time employed as a bartender. He
made the following statement of the af
fair last night:
Rulfs alleges that while engaged in the
liquor business at 549 Natoma street he
was advlaed to seek the assistance of
Wolf to. secure a transfer of license to
KlXatoma street, and that he made a
payment of $20 to the sergeant for his
influence. The alleged transaction took
place in the fall of 1S01. and Rulfs de
clares that Wolf told him at lhat time
that Sergeant (now Lieutenant) Gleeson
was to receive half of the amount.
•Young Dut<?hy" Hansted figured in the
deal as the emissary of Wolf, but the
saloon man, notwithstanding the alleged
declaiatlon by "Young Dutchy" that he
attended to all of the collections for Wolf,
refused to pay the money to any party
but the police officer.
John F. Rulfs of 820 Valencia street Is
the m*.v\ who claims that he was called
upon to contribute to the sergeant's ex
chequer, and his story tends to implicate
another police official and a well known
character who, it Is alleged, acted in the
capacity of "go between" for Sergeant
Wolf and a number of crap games.
Sinoe the filing of charges with the Po
lice Commission against Sergeant Reuben
Wolf, who la accused by a bartender
employed by Neill & Simpson of having
levied tribute for protection furnished to
the resort at Seventh and Mission streets,
another accusation of "graft" has been
made against the officer by a former sa
loon proprietor, who alleges that he paid
J20 to Wolf to secure the transfer of a
license.
Recent Suicide of a One Time
Inmate Causes Some
Criticism.
John F. Rulfs Claims That
Officer Exacted Coin
From Him.
Former Chairman Drew
Speaks of the Glen
Ellen Hcme.
Damaging Accusation Is
Made by Former
Saloon Man.
SAYS DIRECTORS
WERE DERELICT
MODE CHARGES
AGAINST WOLF
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^_ 7"\ W\ilHc_>n
¦^Jj0^^9 Every TVlonth
By manufacturins: and selling a million records every month thc
i.f*W^^^^^a» ijj«, Columbia Phonograph Co. has achieved the end for which it has Ions
"-^fi^S^^^^^^w^ . been striving — the reduction in the price of its high speed molded rcc-
I^^^S^S^^^^^^^^W^ ords. Simultaneously with this reduction in price a new record crcatlv
i^^ilS^^___i^ superior to any that has ever been offered for sale is beinc furnished.
durable, brilliant and combining sweetness and smoothness with re-
HH fl.^^.lillli^ 1 TKESE REC0RDS ARE T0 BE USED 0N COLUMBIA 6RAPH0PH0NES, EDI-
SON PHONOGRAFHS AND ALL TYPES OF CYLINDER TALKING MACHINES
Price 25c Each
Extra Hard Black Molded Records
We want every user of. a Talking -Machine to have a sample of this new record. The cost will be but 2$ cents
and, express charges, or on-receipt of $1.00 we will send you three of the finest records made mail or express,
charges prepaid, and include in -the -package without charge a fine Morocco-bound vest pocket diary for 1004 or a
substantial leather purse. with compartments for gold and silver. Remember the permanent price of these records is
.25c each ($3.00 per'dozen). and _this is not a special sale, but simply an advertisement to call your attention to the
fact that the best Talking Machine records in the world are now and will continue to be sold for 25 cents instead of
50 -cents. .^ • ,
Machines and complete outfits sold to responsible residents of the city on installments when desired. ..
$5iGO Downand $1.OO Per Week
Call on us or give us your name and address and we will have a salesman call at your home with samples.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO*, Gen'J. :?^SJSiil'
468 Thirteenth Street, Oakland
JOE ROSENBERG'S: ' ) \ JOiy^ROSENBERCPS. I JOE ROSEKTBERCPS. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. j J^PJL^^HK^SS^ ¦
' J^^^^ii^il^illil__aras_ffi_--WB_^ SURE .YOU'REr'
/^^¦H^^gE^W TRACK TO THE*
K^f£l MONEY JAVING SloUE
**'¦ r STORE K^^^|^p[|^^^ Is not by any means all there is in the game of bargains, but what you N get— that's what
„« ~^ really counts. It's that "WHAT YOU GET" feature that keeps THE PRICE-CUTTER busy
: l wSfc . . * Ribbon Sale. K We Wear the Crown The Store That Saies Yon Honey.
•X ll^SX V • '^ i^-g» '•' •;-••'" 1 *^-^^ sfflz&v/JV Jsok? -*S3** >• We bong-t from the — For form building and GOOD HANDKER- • •
.fl'^ I %+¦ ' ' ' '-fjf^g^^ag^ y? <§P ifWfcv largest Importing; honse perfect-fitting CORSETS. CHIEFS at LOW PRICES. ijgk
vJ**>Yvi\ ' \ .sS' , . iv / IVfTgW taffeta. We were very xCjy Corset. — Low bust, new Belfast lawn, full size. -^TS
•\ \s\ v^f*' ... ,''™ p T[fe— ' Be_U LOOIDS — lUC awf^ fortunate to g-et them, as V%83r£M straight front, princesa hemstitched: also rome vSN//'// >\
i^S^ %%- r? "*'•'*"• — 1^» - . ifaVa I a tne colors are most deslr- eSSS^ hip. made of XXX jean. with colored hems. Our CLV>LU_L I
Jfcl -" . , ' Y*i*p ¦ APaCflo fflttaBt JjEU V able and the Quality the —•«__=»* i ace trimmed, ribbon fin- price Each Co /J«V*y/ H
/ -» '.V^V. *-*'!*'. "A^- _ vi««. ,it> th« We» *•¦*• *»• «tyles are the ished; boned throughout with alumin- LADIES* HANDKER- ATmjP
5 ( _• •• ' * ii ' '\xj. For 5i 5 flSrnrit ™ H newest. old boning, which Is rust prool and un- CHIEFS— Made of -heer «-= — >V_*»
,-/V-- 2 e , "«jo n that a child ' ** f$4 ! LOT 1— FANCY SILK breakable. For the medium and slen- shamrock linen, neat nar-
au "V*.- So slm P 1 % t i l m t a P rlco TAFFETA, width 80 and der figure. Our price $1.50 row hemstitch with sinall
>, -^ can use mem. rx. 100: 4 and 6 inches wide; -,, n r . . __/ hand-made Initial; unlaundrietl. Just as
* ' •"•**' I" Dresden. Dolly Varden. also shaded WflV B6 SlOilt W1I6II tn «y coxne from the nunneries, other-
D.n. („ ui~A . T/t->n_'<iiin VinA AnipV fhnnrfA Vnivn Pintf fttl Ynnr FiH_6F tO cn ecked and plaids; high luster; If you _ "' _ _ __ . . >_/<^, wise we would not be able to sell them
Bear in Mind: Low Prices rind uqick toaoge lour rung on iuur rmgDi iv pay 35 cents and 40 cents yO u cannot Yon Can Be Made to C&fkm*s& at thl * low p rlce 1Oc
Gnl,.. mi, n r«fn™ D« D- rt mnt Pompmhpr eQU :' 11 t0 , these - The truthful ad- _ . „". . ~-WSg%f%%, CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS-
SaleS, TnereiOre Be PrOffipt. iienieniDer vertlser-B price • i 5c UrA Thin ? Made of extra heavy white lawn, full
t ATvnr fl' "¦ACOTJB&- That we will have tome rood offer- _. L J? T 2 — 200 pieces satin dotted __*¦-¦*.-- :->£! ,.*„,. ~ slze » narrow hemstitched hems. Judge
(fk S : d?^H£Hd^I ¦ V|\ S'^VipjSSP^ Ladles' Reciwear That Adds Tone
ttCiir k -r?S?^_&iftSjc; .^ad c V f h fe o a u^?i e ce.. an ..... ; 86c £&«<£' coming _ down to insect Q*f SSrKVLS _ esf^a^VSTb^d
<^ * SX ' .. 7RC <Wi* GlftVM ' LOT3-wW Na 7 (HAIR*RI°B- K WL **™* h ?"*"\ th just-proof - CN^r^O colla^mad-'of^lco^h
lovv prlce bOrOSiS UlOYeS. BON width); all silk taffeta, corded. !Xi/7\ alumlnold bonlnjf: has a pat- Cheviot ln the n«w block
Tft thp Wftmon iffllft H9VP NAVPf Had - All our new fall colors have in Pink. blue, cardinal, lavender, white. • Wfl ??} l a «f^ „ ??„ JA. t t Z^BdC design, double curved
10 me WOmen WnO Have flBYCr tldU A arrived .They area little better The small store with the smallest fl^ R n,L v fro "_,. o^ ne c^," e V° e »!- *^^ tab piped with French
a Dnhfi ifftA than the best. They are sewn price 3c ft . s ""fly over the abdomen; can be lawn Your money . 9
a nUUB. IW\\ with silk that stands a test of °^ tightened or loosened as you see fit worth or your money
Here's one that you will appreciate V* N^ silk used VgW Rttljvi Must be seen to be appreciated Price back her8 * 2 5c
when you see it for quality and \ I tests 8 pounds. „-,. , rTW _ Cl 1Ul UJUt »-!.7«*
low price. It is made of all-wool eider- \ *J ladies' GLOVES-Made of "VELVET RIBBON— French make. _ - . _.... . Jnet PpfPivpfl
down with a deep Bailor collar, military V7 be tT pf^ed lamb, pique sewn. 'ast black, full nap. satin back: free COFSCt Fitting " Ubl ttCCCllfCU,
frogs down the front and large heavy, jfC j - c j a | DS p a rls Point stitched width No. 7 Yard 1Oe i;,u"" . . x Another lot of those TENEHIFFE
cord and tassel to belt; tailor stitched W< I D ac k - in all the newest shades; Width No. 9 Yard l_%c »e»onttrator» and Comet Titter, to WHEELS, which sold so rapidly last
seams. They fit and hang as they '?-AJ i n re d brown, tans, also black NOTE — Bear in mind that every taU yott wo »* *• *»• proper corset for week. This lace Is all the craze for
should; generously made in width and and _ h i te; warranted, fitted and kept word said about these ribbons Is Ton to wear to improve yonx form. waist or dress trimming. "Why not
length: ln red or gray. The material c i ean The money-saving price. .81. OO borne out by facts. buy one of these and make your own
would cost you more than we ask for * J lace? Made of hard rubber, with five
these : " 82 ' 85 Are Yon Cleaning Honse? Do Yon November Will Soon Be Here, 2_& -I.^^^wiSS_r-of l _« 5 £ i sS
What Has Made Our Store so Famous? Intend To? -^S^'via onr d m1 ™- Tea " w rtyl " *• °^°" SKe^K^^S'
e% It is our good fitting and if 6 o here are some PILLOW SHAMS, nelette' g-ood_ that* we frOm * _ .. _ . , _ ..
_5j£ wearing wrappers. We have BUREAU SCARFS and DOILIES ' \ bomrht ln Jnly— -the dnll , ,. :>' " FOf t_e ECOnO-UCal HOnSBWiTS.
ffS& added a great many more new DOILIBS-Made of hand-made Bat- season of the year— at a low jrtjk LfldlPS* VPSt 1 ? ailflPaiit<? -wuuuuvtu iauuooi u,.
EjRff styles to our assortment. tenberg lace, h\« inches pquare, also •^jSegP/,'1 price, and of course our £#& ICblb ttUU rdllli. Mere are some good Aprons
'jyr Here is one we quote and roun( ] ; SO m e w i t h linen center, others jcQgyV patrons will get the benefit J§nT Made of Peruvian yarn. J* at low prices;
J^|[ all lace. You can't buy the braid at dBh V&A of lt. Xik ' fleece lined; vest high neck _L IOT1-LVDIES' \PRO\*
> M$k v¥ D /vl 1^ S7 the price we ask for these 10c fj fi LADIES GOWNS made 4H&ft and *™S sleeves; pants «ffl made of -TxtS 7t-o£ -5hit a
||; 5S_gg H 2 | BoreanScarrsorEuon.,, '.J^JSg §f £S™ A g_S5?!ll
ing and new sleeves; front, back and Made of good strong braid; neck, voke and sleevw tr tnm»rt -H__a Wf- rI a Garment SSc n \_ strings. ±Tice _ U C
epaulets wide braid trimmed and finished Bfc^. lawn. 66 Inches long with a scalloDed ruffle wUh «nv ?m r-i. «»---,_« 4*«_* LOTS-NURSE or BIB
*W a deep Hounce; in navy, black and ijga^irajj^ and 20 inches wide: ln broidwed 9 edRe- pfnf^'nd Wue atrhS" O'ParreU-Street Entrance. -Wri^ APRONS, made of Imported
rod stripes; generous In width andWa^^C^f open work. Irish point ,,^1 £ wth ™i wW?l P ¦ i_ t • i. * a n,. , t, , whlte lawn - de€ P hem "
length. but low in price *1.00 MZ&. and blind effect, with ... ...... I6ngth ancl TVidth -«f Vm AllOtber Link tO OM Chain Of YafoeS. "tltched hem: also he.nstitchrd bib and
VC^T*- _P_V Bcalloped embroidered LADIES' FT ANVFVvTTi'' 'q^ptq nu«uw mua w vui vuiuu v»i itttuuo. lapels that go over the shoulder. More
Bargain-See.eTs Explore Our Store %&&&* r^V f s _?_Sf 1^ than your moMy ' 3 - orth - -**
f O ?^e u ir e m h o e n y ey knowtheygetfullvalue J'^7 n wiS SWer^ed^rfi^K-btS 1^ Sffi^g^gg; the We Point With Me to These Fashion-
S^S^I§ of vEiLiNGs^or ISS-US" 'j^SS^c^S*^ It* 1 *- n0 - !«}«• .piec. . able Beaded Chains
BEAUTIFIERS. Of good selling kind y ou will be agreeably surprised at the v ° , 4 « Jc 18x18. now 30o apiece Q«lo DCdUCU tUOlll-J.
that we only have short lengths left. goo d quality and low price. Each... 4\)c ____ . Todioe' nimniiK x2 X o2' now 29o apiece Just received — Some extreme novel-
27 or 36 Inches long. Made on silk chlf- s £§SBk LdLUltS WaWeFS. 22x22, now .35o apiece ties from Vienna. 72 inches long, with
fon. Tuxedo, criss cross, chenille dotted Wn Ira Rpppjvind NnVPltiPI FvPl*V DflV -fl^'lin -Made of twill Daisv Zint' now 40o apiece twelve strings braided together, fin-
and plain. " e Are iieCeiVIflg HOYeilIBl) _«er) Udjf dfk Jjn f^ntl trimmed with 26v26> now * 50 ° a P iece ished with extra tassel of beads at the
25-cent and 40-cent quality remnant :_ a__ t „„. fipnartmPTit fe ! *"_Ifl deep scalloped flounce r j-' » n v i« ' n 't ends. In blue and white, red and
price ...ioc and i5c in uw Lace ueparifflem., Mia with s iik p embrSred Ladies Combination Suits. r, h " e - black . and , white - R . pa »y worth
Sale O'rarrell-Street Entrance. For Waist. Dress or Millinery pur- JfiSStifiL edge; umbrella shape with _* ,, . , A . „ , j1d0 - At the price cutter's. .. SI .(><)
poses— Black allover laco or webbing *«aWK!^ yoke band and strings. -^58 Made of Australian \\ool. gj_ a OTarrell-Street _ntrance.
il 'Tic Qaid" Ynn f*fltfht a<; WpII RP Ont ln thc flower and leaf design: full 18 ' — ' Price -;oc «vt^ steam shrunk, high neck and
US DSiQ IOU ffllgUldb neilDBUUl Incnes wWe> flnls j, e d edge. We say . ov *" m $\<(M Jope ,? Iee^ es ' a i? kle Jf^ 5^ Mnthnw <Jtfl?t YntiF rhiM«n T>i«Jht
nf tho WnrM B<I Ollt ftf <>tVlA "Our' price because we know nobody Wo NotlPPd T.fltf WPPV i/Y ( ?h e «*t? rodo . mako « whlc !j,' s WOlQefS, blMl IOUI t_liOren lUgfll
01 me IlOriQ ttS UUt Gl JSiyie. win Bcll lt at a s low a -price' as „ U0_«UUWU LHal ncBl #j[ I kid fitting; Jn gray or white. T o those that have not worn
And here ere some wrist this 75c One of Onr So-Called Competitor. Afl- i L\ , Look elsewhere and you will th *° Jg^LD^ FERRIS f GOOD /tk
A A bags which are in great I\ S.-Just received another lot of y™"*™*** Sam « ladies' Hole it I surely say that this is the g£ N i3E WAISTS: ¥$
I \J \ demand now at an unusu- those wood fiber laces and insertions 'or 20 Cents a Pair; We've Never §M% money-saving store. •Our it is made of extra strons cou- /V£*
If- - 1 ally low price. equal ln value to those we sold out last Asied More Than 12 Cents. price Sl.tSo tu double rowa ot wa ahable pat-'-/fi«4-
j t . * A Made, of Patent Levant week - ln such - a short time. Made of English thread, "black bot- ¦ UnfhAWn I ent buttons, corded seams, : Yr_ '
i /^^ESS*^) Kid - steel frame with nat- toms and light colored tops. Richelieu DlOlucFS I tailor stitched bands and adjust- VJl
' Ibrzrj^ua. cnt clasp and strong chain. FREE I ribbed, full length, with black bot- H pre are some children's undercar- able shoulder straps. You are on 'Ji
ifflaWBiMI Inside purse also lined; ln ¦ lllbb. toms. and pink, blue or red tops. Tour m Vnw The cood kind the right track when you buy II
WMEgp dark green, blue, red and /O-rrS4r^-K We trim your hats when money's worth or your money back, "child's vests, made of picked SUeser's here. Price _,">c *
l^^fe/- *•> y°"" -S* »"' T P : S * S®: .Vgray ed and l8 wh?t C e Ck "* Write
Sleevelets. W51 -^_F T W™i km^«* Lfes' Hose at Our t i « W S% h _» v^.
kiivuiuivw. v v-i^- or VEIL, made of IlSnallV TifiW PnrA a Garment f»*>n Jli all y« ' or the biggest
For protecting the sleeves from 1^.^\: French silk chiffon, 5S _ AT^ T "r""^ CT LU " nM ' ' varment r.ifc Jfj d()^ ar . g WQrth you ever sa £*
wearing out or being soiled. Made of if-^> inches long; front and LADIES HOSE— Fast black. In lironehflof" Tc thft Kflmft tfc FRENCH TAPE GIRDLE COR-
rubber cloth. Just the thing for book- nides finished with three rows of gradu- French lace effect, made of Sea Island tcLySQcal IS U1B MuIO KA SETS— Made of extra strong
keepers or salesladies. All sizes ating Bilk stripes: fast black and finely cotton, elastic and velvet finish. Two ' nf «i,. h«t qiCT-TV ptw UJ twilled ribbon tape, straight
25c a pair finished; In brown, navy, national blue, pairs for the price of one 12*^c pair , /"Z"3> t5_^» «? t»mn£r«i M front steels; finished with a large
also white and black. We can safely say SOPI ?t«i" «n ( n nn« "^ satin ribbon bow; for the athletic
Mothers! r » save monf>y whcn you buy Corset Steels. t Vf e- cannofcatch m \ll %. . ™Y£ n; i n t pl f h k e
TTpro/,«rh!M'«ho^ "" The straight front kind, cloth cov- _-^S^W fabric. If you ever use |J^ At the monej-sa^ins
_n fi&Y wJ «n truthfully sav nffpHndC TiVp ThPCP ITsVp Ik RllCV 7 ed> u wltl ?, a steel P^ector to keep S|fe>W these >' ou w111 " se n ° 3 * °
jj ii'l Y c n , ' L,,!! UlieriDgS LlKe ineSe ltla&e US DllSy. from breaking. /^S^iU others. Larpre and small ,« 1n .i Hf .j A * 0 R«
/»^_« vexing' or fiTting^hln' 25o and 35o CUSKIOIT COlt_S. now Money saved is money earned. «$« sizes; in black and white IOC InStCad Of 25C.
rfirij /FTL these. 19c Full three and a quarter yards ' Our price - c uC a cozen LADIES' or GENTS* 99
\£a / ytL J They are the "Pony" longr. Made of extra heavy silk fin- COIN or HAND -_ 11 n.jaitni'
tfS f^ffef Stocking. Once worn islietl yarn, and very larpe tassels, in - __. __ __ _^ _«_¦—¦.,--_-_,-«_ ,*v thc nDIPF PIITTFP PURSE— Made of soft ffl§_SEeS9S gtfk
llJwP^ always worn. Made of differpnt comhinationp of colors, such P fh E- O A O fP |O> ET __l £* THE PKIl*L-l»U I I LK suede leather, patent
k*r*&'iZl? genuine Maco yarn, as brown, preen, heliotrope, yellow. tiflfl 1% 1 0to% R Tl §B E 1% 1 I " steel frame > also _ffi2S^_©^E8_fc
with doublo heels, toes cardinal, blue, lavender, etc. If you ** "— ¦ « » X^ v# _— . I w B_r H_> H m \Jr pocket inside: in tar., r wn^K^ffi
ard knees Full length: in light, me- need any of these now or for the holl- oi/> m^i _. ««. *. «¦ **»«r •• ci.> aa i- brown or black. You WS ' ¦¦^¦ L -r t^%x£*.'J
dium and heavy weight; all sizes. days, here's your chance to save. Our Olb Market Street. II 0 TaiTell Street. are on the right track n i n l~ ll ~ r
Price -., : ...._oc Price ,19c OBDERS SOLICITED. when you can buy these for ....l Oc
ADVERTISEMENTS,
3, KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia. Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoininr Call Building-.
EXTRAGOQDDUETO
MISTAKE OF MAKER
With our big shipment of felt
Juliets and warm floods for Fall
»-.im<? a separate lot of Ladies'
Grorn and Black Frit fur-trimmed
Juliets and Kveretts. These g-oods
were made by I>aniel Gre<?n and
were not intended for us. but we
were made a big reduction to
keep them. *U"e will therefore of-
fer them at the special price of
XTinety Ceats a Pair. Regular
price, Jl.oO. Sizes 4 to 8.
h6____E19i3iQ?% •- & *"*
Boys' Strong Shoes
If your boy is a healthy, romp-
Ing youngster he is hard on hi!»
nhoes. Now we realize that and
have a line of Youths' and Boys'
satin calf lace shoes . that will
wear well and yet cost but little
money. Neat in appearance, with
coin toes and tips and durable
poles,
Youths' sizes. 11 to 2... $1.00
Boys' sizes, 2*4 to 5H • ¦ .51.25
Hr * 1 _ twk B
A Bargain for Ladies
Special sale of shoes manufac-
tured by the Rock Island Shoe Co.
"Ladies' Vici Kid lace and button
shoes, coin toes and tips, military
or Cuban heels and single or dou-
ble soles. The regular price, $2.00
and 32.50. Onr sale price, $1.40.
Every pair guaranteed to wear.
Sizes 2% to 9. Widths AA to EE.
we wanTnames
"vV> are desirous of sending our
Illustrated Catalogue to ladies
who reside in the country and
mountains. We will gir* free an
ertm fine package of needles and
Calendar to any one sending us in
ten names.
RUBBERS
ChllO Elzes. 8% to lO'.i 25c
"Misses' Fizes, 11 to 2 3Oc
Ladies' sizes, 2\i to 8 33c
Mcn'6 sizes', 5*j to 12 50c
B, KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD ST., San Xrandsco.Cuban Editor Convicted.
Last night a gang of men were on duty
at 6 o'clock. At 10 o'clock preparations
were made for blasting. According to
the story of a colored man employed on,
the 'work, an electrician went into the
mouth of the tunnel to string wires. He
was followed by about seventeen or
eighteen Italians. The men had scarcely
entered the tunnel when three blasts were
heard, followed by a rumbling sound, and
down on top of the men fell tons upon
tons of rocks which had been toosened.
Seven of the men had time to escape, but
the greater number were caught and
buried before they had time to stir.
The noise of the blasts alarmed the
neighborhood and brought crowds to the
scene. Hurry calls were sent for police
reserves, firemen and hospital surgeons
and they responded quickly and began the
work of releasing the entombed laborers.
In a short time four baaiy injured Ital
ians were taken, out and two dead men,
but the others remained pinioned beneath
the rocks. Two of these, who were near
est the rescuers, were so badly crushed
that it was evident they could not live.
To relieve their agony the hospital phy
sicians administered morphine.
Another incident was the amputation of
the leg of an imprisoned workman.
Across his limbs rested a huge rock,
which was so heavy that It could not be
moved. In an effort to save hi* life it
was decided to amputate his leg, which
was badly' crushed.
The subway at this point is deeper than
at any other place, its floors being sixty
feet- below the surface.. ..;.- •- :
The work was in the Immediate charge
of General Superintendent Hunt and Gen
eral Foreman Richard Baers for the con
tractors, L. B. McCabe and brother.
Police Captain Hal pin said they would
be arrested when the work of. rescue had
proceeded far enough to permit of their
being taken away without hindrance to
the work.;
At 1:30 o'clock this morning three bodies
had been taken out and three more could
be seen half-buried beneath rocks. Su
perintendent. Hunt made the statement
that the list of dead would reach seven
teen. The work of excavating the bodies
will continue during the night.
The section of the tunnel where the fa
tality occurred is one of the • most diffi
cult in the whole lin^, being built through
the Bolld rock. All through the twenty
four hours of the day men are working
there and progress Is slow. .. .
NEW YORK, Oct 25.— The total of lives
lost in the gigantic undertaking to pro
vide New Yorkers with rapid transit
know\i as the "subway," was materially
added to last night when a series of
blasts at 195th street and Broadway loos
ened many tons of rock iwhlch fell on a
gang of men engaged at work In the tun
nel. /.
0
Leg of Italian Is Amputated to Re
lease Him and - Morphine Is <
Given to Other Impris
oned Sufferers.
Superintendent Thinks Num
ber of Killed Will Reach !
Seventeen. • .
Laborers in Subway Are
Crushed Beneath
Tons of Rock.
GRIM LIST
OF VICTIMS
LENGTHENS
SANTA ANA. Oct. 24.— Revised estimate* of
the bean ctod of Orange County places It at
from 65,000 to 70,000 sackfl. nearly 10,000 Backs
less than the early estimates. This decrease
was caused by the hot weather in September.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2i. — Occidental College
defeated the University of Southern California
football team at Prager Park this afternoon
In the first Intercollegiate sratne at the season.
The score was 5 to 0.
Flames in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct 21.— A large two
story frame building at the southwest
corner of Adams street and Central ave
nue was partly destroyed by fire to-day.
The supposition Is that the fire was
caused by crossed electric wires in the
6econd story. The loss will amount to
$10,000. The building was Insured for
$6500. The Freemasons, who had a lodge
room. In the building, are the worst suf
ferers.
Ashantee is one continuous forest with
small clearings, where native villages
have been built.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 24.— The signifi
cant and Important feature of the selec
tion of Sir Henry Mortimer Durand,
British Embassador at Madrid, as Em
bassador to Washington, is the fact that
it Is the first time the British Government
has sent an Embassador directly to
Washington. Heretofore Washington has
been looked upon as a post ranking at
the foot of Embassies; hence it has been
the custom to promote a Minister to be
Embassador here. The action of the
British Government in this case marks a
growing sense of appreciation of the im
portance of Washington as a diplomatic
post. , , , . ,
PRECEDENT ESTABLISHED.
Durand First British Embassador
Sent Directly to America.
The two adjacent buildings on each side
were not damaged worth mentioning, but
this was due to the fact that the depart
ment put up a very hard fight and com
bated the flames before they _ could
epread.
The building was insured for $10,000.
This will hardly cover the damage, al
though the plate glass front was not In
jured. The stock of furniture was valued
at about $30,000, with insurance of $20,000.
This is practically a loss, for the damage
by smoke and water was great. The build
ing was stored full of goods and the
basement filled with furniture.
FRESNO, Oct. 24— One of the most dis
astrous fires that has occurred in Fresno
in many months destroyed the stock in
W. Parker Lyon's large furniture store at
about noon to-day. Serious damage was
also done to the building. The- fire orig
inated from electric wires in the rear
part of the attic 9
Thirty Thousand Dollars
Worth of Stock Is
Destroyed.
FRESNO SUFFERS
A SEVERE FIRE
Sir Henry, . who was born in 1850, is a
son of the late Major General Sir Henry
Durand. He married, in -1875. 'Ella Reeve,
daughter of Teignmouth Sandys Esq., of
the British civil service. Sir Henry was
appointed to the British Privy Council in
1901. Ho is the author of a life of his
father. Sir Henry Durand, and of "Helen
Trevelyan."
The selection of Sir Henry to succeed
Sir Michael Herbert was a surprise to
most persons here, chiefly because he has
never had any official connection with
Washington.
Sir Henry has expressed a great liking
for Americans and a desire to go to the
United States. His promotion comes more
or lees in the ordinary course of diplo
matic changes, but one of the strongest
recommendations which appealed to For
eign Secretary Lansdowne was Sir Hen
ry's reputation of being an excellent law
yer. A similar Qualification had much to
do with the late Lord Pauncefote's selec
tion. . . :
The .new Embassador will speedily bid
farewell to the Spanish court and pro
ceed to the United States without delay.
Lady Durand is not very strong, "but It
Is hooed that the American climate will
benefit her health and enable her to com
pletely fulfill her duties as hostess of the
British Embassy. The daughter of Sir
Henry Durand is much liked in Madrid
society. Their son Is an officer In a
Lancers regiment.
Sir Henry Howard, the British Minister
at The Hague and Luxembourg, and Sir
Nicholas O'Connor, the British Embas
sador at Constantinople, were • among
others considered for the post, but Sir
Henry Durand was finally selected as the
most suitable.
While British Minister to Persia Sir
Henry was regarded in St. Petersburg as
being the most astute diplomat Great
Britain ever sent to Teheran. •
Sir Henry is an expert shot and has had
many adventures with big game while
hunting In India, where he was closely
connected with General Lord Roberts,
now Field Marshal, serving as his secre
tary during the famous Cabul campaign.
LONDON, Oct 24. — The Associated
Press Is able to announce the appointment
of Sir Henry Mortimer Durand, . the Brit
ish Bmbassador at Madrid, as Embassa
dor to the United States; to succeed the
late Sir Michael Herbert. Announcement
of the appointment, however, will not be
made until Monday, when the Kins will
duly stem his commission.
Sir Henry Durand left London yester
day for Madrid, where, at his own desire,
he will personally announce his promo
tion.
London Government's New Repre
sentative Is Skilled in Diplo
macy and an Excellent
I*awyer.
King Edward VII Will Sign
His Commission on
Monday. •
Becomes Great Britain's
Bmbassador to Wash
ington.
SIR HENRY
DURAND IS
APPOINTED
. NEW YGHK, Oct. 24.— It wns learned to
day that the German vEmbasiador to th«
United £latc« Baron von Sternters. sailed for
Europe on th« stennn-r Au&uate Victoria on
Thursday lart. . He i» to undergo an operation
on one of - his ears ! -while . abroad. . . , •
Stineman was • a prominent • citizen and
ex-Supervisor of Yuba' County and leaves
a large family. He was a native of Iowa,
aged . about ¦ 60 years. Business reverses
are assigned for his act.
WHEATLAND, Oct. 24.-John 8tlne
man, one of Wheatland's oldest and most
respected citizens, committed suicide this
evening by drowning himself In the city
water works tank. He fastened a coil
of wire around his neck and shoulders
and plunged beneath the water. 'His body
was discovered; by his daughter a few
hours afterward. '¦'*¦'¦•
Prominent Citizen, of Wheatland
Ends His Life After Busi- j
ness Reverses.
DAUGHTER, FINDS FATHEB
A SUICIDE HT A TANK
The St. Paul sighted the disabled steam
er Meteor, In tow of the Eureka, on her
northward trip, but did not see her com
ing down.
SEATTLE, Oct 24.— The Alaska Com
mercial Company's steamship SL Paul,
Captain C. E. Lindquist, having on board
350 passengers and bringing J170.000 in
gold, arrived to-day from Nome on her
last trip from that port this season.. '¦¦ :.]' ¦'-
The vessel brought down a few passen
gers from St. Michael. She sailed from
Nome October 15, and shortly after leav
ing the St. Paul encountered rough seas,
which she endured the greater part of the
voyage. '
Among the well-known Alaskans aboard
the ship were Judge C. S. Johnson, lately
named as' Alaska's delegate to the com
ing Republican National Convention; A..
Fink, the lawyer, and Jake Berger, a
Nome. mining operator.
The St. Paul reports the following ves
sels In Nome at the time of sailing: Port
land, Roanoke and Senator. Of the treas
ure which was brought down and which
Is destined for San Francisco about half
came down from St. Michael, the rest
from Nome, . . . • ; •
CLEVELAND. Oct. 24.— Judge Wing to
day sentenced Albert W. Delbel. former
paying teller of the City National Bank
of Canton. O.. to serve five years at hard
labor In the State penitentiary for having
embezzled $22,000 of the bank's tunds.
Hard LaboT for Embezzler.
Steamer St. Paul Has
Stormy Weather
From Nome.
SEAS BUFFET
GOLDEN CARGO
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 24.-NewB
has been received here by the relatives
of Albert Mungia, formerly a storekeeper
at Fala. that he has been killed In a duel
with a Mexican officer at Guaymas, Mex
ico. Six months ago Munsria left Pala,
having sold his Interest to an Indian and
settled at Guaymas, where he engaged
in business. From a brief account of the
tragedy written the relatives by a friend,
it appears that Mungla became infatu
ated with a handsome young Mexican
woman whose relatives objected to his
attentions. One of them, a Mexican on
cer, ¦ challenged Mungla to a settlement
of the matter with swords. In the duel
which followed Mungia was killed. The
officer is reported to have fled from Guay
mas. . .
Storekeeper Killed in a Duel.
PARIS, Oct. 24.— A permanent antl
tuberculosts. commission, comprising hy
glenlsts, physicians, members of Minis
tries and various chambers, was organ
ized here this atfernoon under the presi
dency of Leon Bourgeois. President of th«
Chamber of Deputies. It was pointed out
by Premier Combes, who was one of th»
organizers, that the commission would
devote itself to the preservation of Indi
vidual health against the disease, leaving
others to seek for remedies. M. Bour
geois outlined a plan for an educational
campaign.
Anti-Tuberculosis Commission.
THE SAN FEANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 24.— The skeleton un
earthed at the Lomita Gun Club property
near here has 'been identified as that 'of.
a man by the name of Joaquln, who was
murdered with an ax thirty years ago
by a Mexican, who was later tried In
Los Angeles and sent to State's prison for
eight years. Joaauin was an uncle of
Walter C. Smith, who first dug up the
bones two years ago and placed them In a
box, which was recently found, and gave
rise to a story of mysterious murder.
Bones of a Murderer's Victim.
SANTIAGO. Cuba. Oct. 24.— The trial be.
fore the Superior Court of Congressman
Corona, editor of El Cubano Ubre,
charged with killing Senor Insula. editor
of La Republlca, in this city last .Janu
ary, has resulted In a verdict of homicide
against the accused. I He has . been sen
tenced to six years' Imprisonment and a
fine of $4000. An appeal to the Supreme
Court at Havana has been taken by Senbr
Corona's counsel.
33
IT ADVEBTISEMENTS. _ _
c !
• 818-820 /AARKET ST.. 5AH FRANCISCO. J
| These Figures Will Attract the Attention of Ail Ladies. •
¦2 'Wfc^i-'B Sftr.£Ji "SSRflt SPS^ 23S! !
O fancy novelty ribbons, regular 15c regular 75c. special .J-e (
«j yard"; special at Sc THOMPSON'S Glove - fitting Cor- <
8 'gsssWKSswS's.'K: Spars 2-£5 Sa ' >8! 5 B «: i
O black and white and all leading a™* Tuesday .....7oc (
a colors; plain tucked, hemstitched FEATHER BOAS — 36 Inches long,
X and fancy borders. IVi to 2 yards with black feathers tipped with
2 lonp: worth tl 50, selling at. ...85c white; regular price $2 50, special.
O HAJTDXEIICBTEFS - Alphonse «*«« -•• .••.• -•• ••••• •• -Too <
2 and Cieston. also Foxj- Grandpa de- 2JTJBSES' APRONS — Made of 4
2 sipna. In colors, sir pictures on white lawn, extra well made..^J>C <
0 each handkerchief; special, each.. Also Black and Colored Store .
O J5 C Aprons; special at, each. ........ J.>c :
I TEN BIG BARGAINS !
O FROM OUR VARIOUS DEPARTMENTS. J
2 1. Gold Plated Photo Frames, all sizes and designs, reg. >1 50, cut to...75c (
5 1. Toilet Soaps. 10 different makes and odors, reg. 25c box," cut to v-l"C J
5 * Stationery— 1 box containing 48 sheets and 48 envelopes, plate finish, reg. '
• Sc box. cut to i«> c '
-© 4. Flnpor Purses, large selection, all colors, re*. 75c, cut to 2V C !
O 5. Alarm Clocks, large dial, guaranteed, reg. 75c, cut to "K e '
O «. Fans, fancy telescope and Japanese, reg. 25c, cut to 1J>C <
X 7. All Brass Hendryx Bird Cage, reg. 75c. cut to OOc {
X 6- Painted Hendryx Btrd Cage, reg. COc. cut to 4J)c <
2 9. 1000 Hair Brushes, good value, reg. 23c, 10 different styles, cut to 19c -
2 10. Gents' Hose, fancy designs, reg. 25c pair, cut to threa pair for 50c
• BOOKS AT CUT PRICES, combination gameboards |
O The foiioTrin* cioth-bouna bock*, worth All the new combination game <
a reirui&r 35c. on sa> 2 for 25c boards just received. Better fin- I
O Black Beauty. Averil. Black Hock. As in :-U-A than ever anrf more at- I
a Lookir.g-Gia««, Bay Path, Famou* isnea tnan e\ ei ana more ai-
© M«>n. Bcy»- and Oirls' Ptorj-Book, Be- tractive. '
S S n ct. Dr. *£h STifciSk bSLS Comb Boards (25 games) . 9LB0 J
o of Ella, Eaf't LjTine. Grandfather's Others UO tO IOO games. 1 (
w Chair, Texar's Revenje. House of the r °
O "Wolf. H>-pat la. Hi»tor>- of Trance, Rob fDOI^nMni P CCr
O and His Friends. Romance of Two V^IVv/lVV/i^l V/l_ti, OOC I
O 'UorTi's. Micah Clarke. Master of Bal- Fnamrlrf! Fiill-^iri' PrnVnTinio '
n lantrae. Mansion. Pickwick Papers tnameiea ruil Size i^rOKOnOie
0 and i«t other titles. Board, with implements com-
O 300 titles of 60c values, a higher «rade of pJcte ncvcr SQ \^ l c$& than Q5C
V Einclr.c cs eale luc * , i*k
O BOO tlUw of cloth-bound, library bind- On Sale OOC (
• Inft «LT.a many handsomely Illustrated %.ir>r* n » nr « ruo t»t •
_ books, both etandard and juvenile ADVANCE BARGAINS IN (
W works, worth rerular 50c to 75c >o oa HOLIDAY GOODS EACH ,
S a£!rnxi&tt'Z££&i:::Mo2 DAY IN OUR TOY DEP'T. «
O = <
o Knives. Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired. j
o Picture Frames of All Descriptions Made to Order. '
ooGccccoccocQocoeoGcoceocGGCooaoeoeeecoooeo©'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Liquozone Cost $100,000
Yet We, Will Buy a 50c Bottle and Give'lt to You.
This company, composed of business,
professional and medical men of abilitv.
paid $100,000 for the right to make
Liquozone. That is the highest price
ever paid for the rights in one country
on any scientific discovery. It was paid
by USj after years of experiment with it.
because Liquozone alone can kill inside
germs without killing the tissues, too.
Nothing else can destroy the cause of
Liquid Oxygen.
Liquozone is simply liquid oxygen —
no drugs, no alcohol in it. It is the
discovery of Pauli, the great German
chemist, who spent 20 years on it His
object was to get. such an excess of
oxygen in staple form into the blood
that no. germ could live in any mem-
brane or tissue.
Liquozone does that. ,We spend 14
days in making each bottle of it. but
the result is a germicide so certain that
we publish on every bottle an offer of
$1000 for a disease germ that it can-
not kill.
Kills All Germs.
Any drug that kills germs is a poi :
son to you and it cannot be taken in-
ternally. Medicine never destroys in-
side germs. Liquozone kills them with
oxygen— a tonic to you— the very
source of vitality. It kills them because
germs are vegetables, and an excess of
oxygen — the very life of an animal—^is
deadly to vegetable matter.
\ Liquozone is employed in the largest
hospitals, and prescribed by the best
physicians the world over. It is essen-
tial in any germ disease, for the cause
must be destroyed," and nothing else
can do it. Liquozone, then acts as a
tonic to bring back aicpndition of per-
fect "health, for oxygen,, is Nature's
greatest" tonic Its effects are exhilarat-
ing, purifying, vitalizing., It "does some-
thing that all the. skill in the, world can-
not do. without it . . •:'. % i -,','. ',." .';.>¦; \v
vGepm Diseases.
These are the known germ diseases.
Allthat medicine can do for these trou-
bles is to help : Nature overcome the
germs, and such results are indirect
and uncertain. • Liquozone kills the
germs, wherever they are. and the re-
sults are inevitable. By destroying the
cause -of the trouble "it invariably ends
the disease and forever.
Asthma j Hay .Fever — Influenza
AbFcesc— Anemia Kidney Diseases
Bronchitis La Grippe
Blood Poison . Leucorrhea
Brleht's Disease Liver Troubles'
Bowel Troubles ' Malaria — Neuralgia .
Coughs — Colds " Many Heart Troubles
Consumption • Piles — Pneumonia ¦
Colic — Croup Pleurisy— Quinsy
Constipation Rheumatism
Catarrh — Cancer ¦ Bkin Diseases -
Dysentery— Diarrhea Scrofula— Syphilis
Dandruff— Dropsy Btomach Troubles .
Dyspepsia Throat Troubles
Kczema — Erysipelas . Tuberculosis
Fevers — Call Stones Tumors — Ulcers ' ¦
' Goitre — Gout Varlcoc«Ie
.Gonorrhea — Gleet : Women's Diseases
- All diseases that beg-In with fever— all In-
flammation — all catarrh — all contagious dis-
eases — all the results of Impure or poisoned
blood. ' ¦ . •
¦ In nervous debility Liquozone acts as a
vltalizer, accomplishing what no drugs can do.
50c Bdttle Free.
' If you need Liquozone, and • have
never tried it, please send us this cou-
pon. We will then mail you an order
on your local drujrffist for a, full-size
bottle, and we' will pay your drusrjjist
ourselves for it. - This' is our free srift.
made to convince, you. to ,' show you
what Liquozone is. and what.it can do.
In justice to 'yourself,' please accept it
to-day, for it places you under no ob-
ligation whatever. .,
;¦ Liquozone. costs 50c and %\.
CUT OUT THIS COUPON
for this offer may not appear again. PHI
out ' the . blanks and mall It to the Liquid
Ozone Co., 221-229 E. Klnzle St.. Chicago.
My disease Is , . .
, I have never tried Lf quozone. but If you
will supply me a .50a bottle free ¦ I will
take it. ¦ : ' ¦ ¦ y
514 ......;........."....................•..
' -. Give full address-7-wrlte plainly. .
! 'Any' physician;; or hospital not - yet : using'
Liquozone will : be gladly, supplied for a test.
READ THE DAILY CALL— Greater-San Francisco's Greatest Daily Paper
ADVERTISEMENTS. - • _ •
Tailor Made Suits
In plain colors and broken Check Tweeds,
either Norfolk Jackets or Long ;Gaj3e Coats; .
regular $30.00 quality; on sale at ....
$2OiQQ
SPECIAL SALE OF CHILDREN'S CLOAKS
Very slightly damaged by water, cnt to
HALF REGULAR PRICE*.
$4.25 tO $9.75 aii sizes.
—SEE OUR WINDOWS-
¦ Wholesale Manufacturers
J^^ 1142-1146 MARKET ST.
ADV^BTISEMENTS.
_-uj j uinnw 1^1 ¦ ¦ w ' r.nrir,r,,r»opj- rirtwnnruwLnr.-^.T.-.-iJLr j-ut-ijt. innnnnruwnr.ar IJ i."-x-.-jvu-^,w-.-mjWAAnr
. ¦ ., ' - , ¦» . " - - .' N • -¦ ¦ i , ¦ ." - j * ." ; .. t * '. . - 7 -.
* vSsSsNNSa Q uic kly and effectively in all cases of Nervous Headache, Sick Headache,
Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability, Periodic, Bearing-Down
S^SoOOO?! „ ?-£? uW 1 5?t.get tJm f "Ithout Dr. Muesy Anti-Pain PE1«. They fire ma alaaoat instant
OOOOCVVVW £? I i ef trom akaoit *ny P*»n. I flr» them to all of tho children, even the baby, and we feel a*
VoOvCVvfl ¦*" effects afterwards, as tn« does from most remedies." —
OoSSoOOvi : * M RB ' *^ A ALLEN< 2M ImU ann At*., Riverside, Calif.
JVV^^v^SoS "Two rears Ago I bad a severe attack of La Grippe, and was under the aoctofs car© for
>OO^OOSjy| lire days without any relief. Then I bought a box of Dr. Miles" Anti-Pain PlDs. and five Pills
OCvvVvVViQ cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks to the Pain Pills. I was bo©»
XSNSSXJCJ cured, taking only three of the pills,"— JOHN K. PURTTBMAN. Glendale. Ore.
ScvVv^XnSH "* bave used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for a r.uraber of years, and find that they promptly
JCWsVvoa relieve ordinary and neurals^ac headache. They give simOax relief to my- wife.**—
NSnNNSS^B *>• B. BAKER. L©« Anceles. Calif.
ISnN^VVVNH - "Once, and often twice a week, for years I -have had spells of den. heavy pains across the
iVooNVvNa forehead, accompanied with pains In the heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Astl-Paia
' VvVvVvVVsi pula Te ty beneficial, one tablet usually being sudden t to stop the pain." —
X^\SNNSSa\ M * s LEONA ELDER. Wheatland. Calif.
JV>S>X\NN!!l "I have frequently used Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills for Neuralgia, and they aive sp««dy
vVVVVVVVSa relief. Also in travellnc. am never without them, uslns; them to prevent drowsiness and
OsSNNNNNNS headache."— B. L. SANFORD. M*r. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs, Calif.
>SNvnS^N3^ MRS. M. S. TOBET. who was 11 years postmistress at Carpenterla, Calif., says: "1 suffered
a long time from nervuos headachoe, and very severe pain In the back ot my neck. Dr. MQesf
#SSSXNNS^CvVa Anti-Pain Pills brought relief, for which 1 am very gratef uL I am pleased to recommend Ussa
a$S§§SsS Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain in Stomach,
s$$NNSN§; v Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and Sleeplessness.
VS^^^X^St 1 - "T h.Y. nsM r>r Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for Neuralgia and Nervous Headache and «**f*vs
lllll
gg^ggl has .»£• used them for headache, and say. he 1 !^, 111^^. Id aho.
"I «.m verr srateful that I have found such a perfect remedy for headache. I had a su»-
with satisfactory results for a numfeer <*£»£*^j^^j^ ,, ct^ Ay^. Pwadens, Calif.
..t w-'J wi— »wv>»ri«i far Tna.ni with headache and dull pains. I came across secne of Dr.
U) J A *Tf PaTn PUta ind trteSFthenT and theygave me relfcf at once. I have found them U
hW-LE PRANK STERNS. Eugene, Ore.
M'\ r'JSSJLSSrVa a^5ri f of?en OT^n^ed h^ h aaS! wa^unafe
caused b y AntfTpahT Pills relieved the pata. and I afterwards prevented Om
Dr Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a box, nndcr l
positive guarantee that the first box will benefit or money refunded. .*
K' M °° — BEERS!
* SOLD EVERYWHERE.
% UILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
{ Pacific Coast Agents.
SFh SPHEROID (Palenied) rte\
\j\ Eye Glasses Y\ j
Y^O Opera Glasses \Jyi
\^J Scientific jL^
Jk^Y Instruments j
•J J Kodaks, Photo Goods W.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY WE WILL SELL
SEWING
Kgr MACHINES
EVER OFFERED FOB
$10, $15, $20
New Home Sewing Machina Co.
• 1051 Market Street.
; At Manufacturer's Price.
J. MA.BTT. 23 Turk Street.
factory — 826 Howard Street. Repairing.
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN SXkfSSk.
Op«n tbe year round. J>.LL. CAiiis OK
rheumatism, gout and blood di8-
l j:ases taken* under a guarantee to
cup.e in from two to three months'
time or alx. expenses. incl.udino
rail.ro ad fares both wats, re-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Drop«y. Dlibetei,
Etone la the Kidney or Bladder. Catarrh of the
Bladder, Cyatitia, Dl«ea*e« of the Oenlto-Uri-
nary Organ*, Delicate Women. Ekln Diseases,
6crofula and General Debility are treated with
pre-emlner.t fcuccen. Any case of Malaria
cured In from ten flay* to two weeks. Never
a failure known.
Among the thousand! of case* that have been
treated here In the last IS rears there haa
nrver been a DEATH. Bead 60c for a bottle of
Catarrh Salts and sample of Metal Polish.
Products of Tuscan Springs. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
cific Railroad scent. TUSCAN MINERAL
EJ'RINOS CORP. Tuscan Sprints. Csi.
FRANK J. HULEN. Manager.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL. TEAR ROUN'D. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 115 decrees. No
ttacin*-. Fare tl 10. 8ure cur* tor rheuma-
tism, sistbma, kidney and liver troubles. Tab
and. hot plunse baths. The largest mineral
water swimming tank In the Sta'.e. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs; swimming
tearher. Special rate* from now on. Peck's.
11 Montgomery «t. THEODOR RlCHARDa
AroaCallente. Sonoma Coontr.
00^ s . a J 7£^ Colleges*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OP THE
fWEST. 24 Post st.. Ean Francisco. Cal.
CsteblUhetl 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for illustrated catalorut (free).FAMOUS SONGSTRESS WHO
WILL BE HEARD AT THE
DUSS CONCERTS.
Sprague Jury Disagrees.
'.'¦ The Jury in the case of -Archbishop P.
W. Riordan vs. - Belle W." Sprague was
discharged by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow at 2:45 p. . m. yesterday, the mem
bers having failed to agree.' The Jury had
been' out slnce"4 :35, p. niTon Friday;; •
. Olaf Johnson, 510 Howard street, fell
asleep on a .sofa in the hallway at '11
Plnckney alley early yesterday morning,
and during his slumbers ¦ his shoes and
$6 90 in coin were stolen from him. Police
men 'Matheson and Davids arrested Rob
ert - Elbertling ¦' and Robert "Waller, coal
passers, . and when searched Elbertling
had Johnson's shoes hidden under his coat
and coin aggregating the amount taken
from Johnson was found In their pockets.'
They were booked at the City Prison on
charges of grand larceny and • wer.e;in
structed by Police" Judge Conlan^yester
day. The case was continued till Wednes
day.- JJaWMMfll'SilffHi .' ' ; -. '.-.'.
Loses Shoes and Coin.
'Lun Hop, proprietor of a Chinese laun
dry at 868 Howard street, discovered a
man on the roof of his house early yes
terday morning, and sounded an alarm.
Policemen Skelly and T. C. Murphy saw
a man climbing down the water pipe in
front" and they caught him. He had en
tered the 1 laundry by forcing open a wln
doijv In the rear and had mado his way. to
the, roof, with the intention, it is sup
posed, of carrying away the clothes that
were being dried there. He • gave • tho
name of Fred Curran and was booked at
the^City Prison on a charge of burglary.
He was instructed by Police Judge Fritz
yesterday and the case was continued till
October 29. ••
Climbs to Roof of Laundry.
In Boston there are one and a half elec
tric lights for each person.
• R«Juee<: ratci en iiou»ehol<i eooas to & from
U>e East ft South. Uekln's. It Montfomerj. •
Court Star of the Mission Ancient Or
der of Foresters and Sherwood Club, com
posed of the membership of Sherwood
Circle of the Companions of the Forest,
will appear with other faces on next Sat
urday right, for on that occasion the two
associations will give a masquerade
ball in Mission Turn Verein Hall, on
Eighteenth Btreet-
Masquerading- Foresters.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: "W. C: Hamilton, carpenter, San
Jose, liabilities $57C9, assets $215- M
Grizich, fruit packer. Watsonville. liabil
ities $5272, assets $2500.
Five million envelopes printed for on* cus
tomer. This tells of our capacity. Mj-sell-Kol
lins. 22 Clay, ere well known. " •
Visitors are cordially invited to visit
Gump's Art Rooms and Gallery of Euro
p»-an Paintinps. There is certainly much
there to interest art lovers and connois
seurs. S. & CJ. Gump Co., 113 Geary st. •
A Fine Exhibition.
The Judge in dismissing the case said
he did not think the evidence was suf
ficient to warrant holding the defendant
and it would, in his opinion, be cruel to
make comments on the question of the
defendant being negligent or careless in
Jumping at the conclusion that the object
he saw was a burglar.
The preliminary examination of Hilllard
Russell, the colored man charged with
shooting and killing his wife, Dora, at
their residence, 159 Corbett avenue, on
the morning of October 13, was held be
fore Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday and
after hearing the evidence the Judge dis
missed the case. The evidence was pre
cisely thesame as given at the Coroner's
inquest on Friday.
Russell testified that he had mistaken
his wife for a burglar and as he told of
his feelings when he saw what he had
done he burst Into tears.
Police Judge Cabaniss Believes He
Mistook His Wife for a
Burglar.
The entire estate of Guardiola is esti
mated to be worth 515.000,000. In his will
he left several thousand dollars to charity
and the residue to his young widow and
daughter, who reside in Paris.
The California estate of Jose Guardiola,
the Guatemalan planter who died recently
in Paris, was appraised yesterday at
J70S.75G 34. It consists of $3356 34 cash:
twenty-five Omnibus Cable Company 6 per
cent first mortgage bonds, worth $31,000;
lorty Market-street Cable Railroad 6 per
rent first mortgage bonds, worth $49,200;
Placer County lands worth $15,000 and
realty in this city located and valued as
follows: Bagley place, off O'Farrell
street. $30,000; O'Farrell street, near lla-
Fon. £5.009; Pine street, near Battery, $50,
000; California street, near Sansome,
J^yi.OOO, and corner Ellis and Stockton
streets, $2J0,O00.
Experts Find That the Guatemalan
Planter Owned Property Here
Worth S708,756 34.
GUARDIOLA'S CALIFORNIA
ESTATE IS APPRAISED
MILWAUKEE. Wls., Oct. 24.— Slgmund Se
lig, aged 63 years, one of the best known Ger
man actors In the country, died to-day after a
surgical operation, j
MURDER CHARGE AGAINST \_
RUSSELL IS DISMISSED
Her chief number on Tuesday evening
will be the "LJebestod" from "Tristan and
Isolde,'?, only before heard here in the un
satisfying Reuss-Belce interpretation.' An
other number will be the "Mignon" '"Polo-,
naise.". and it is safe to say it will be, /p.
delight. Mme. Nordica. will be heard
again on Friday evening in the Erkey
aria, new here, from "Laslos," and a
"Tannhauser". aria. ; ;.'. . . .- .-, ' -.Ty- -
ONE of the glories of the r>uss sea
son at the Alhambra Theater this
week will be the appearance of
the greatest American soprano,
Mme. Lillian Nordica, who will ap
pear at the first concert, to be given on
Tuesday i evening next. Mme. Nordica
needs no introduction here, being with
Mme. Sembrlch chiefest among women
singers In local favor. Her career since
she was last heard here, some year and
a half ago. has been of unprecedented
brilliancy, and it is said that the famous
singer was never in finer form than now.
Greatest American Soprano
to Appear in Concert
Tuesday Evening.
Julius Stelnberger alleges In a suit for
divorce that his better half, Mary Louise
Steinbcrger, after living with, him for
twenty-nine years, now refuses to recog
nize him. He says that she deserted him,
technically, three years ago. They were
married in November, 1871.
, Angus Ross is seeking a divorce from
Emma Ross, to whom he was married
March 12, 1895, on- the ground' of infidel
ity. He says he has discovered that she
thinks too much of one Fred Peters.
Ross says his wife is unfit to have the
care of her two children and he asks that
their custody be awarded to him. . .
G. L. Thompson, who was married to
Kate E. Thompson at Elmira, -N. Y., -in
1893, wants a divorce- on the ground of
desertion. He says she left him in Aug
ust. 1!X)2. - «v< -'.•'»', -
Inez M. Merithew, who became the wife
of Frank T. Merithew at Los Angeles In
April, 1S99, is seeking a divorce 'on the
ground of desertion. She charges . that
he abandoned her and left" her to her own
devices in June, 1896. She says she. was
always a loving and dutiful wife and gave
him no reason for leaving her. .."'
Fetdinand Habermacher, a clerk, who
became a benedict only last December, is
already tired of the joys of matrimony.
According to the complaint for divorce
he has filed against Esther W. Haber
macher, his bliss was short lived. He
says that a few days after she became
his wife she began treating him with in
difference and contempt and* said things
to him in the presence of outsiders that
humiliated him and caused him to suffer
keen mental agony.- He also alleges that
she left him September 9 last and on the
following day addressed a letter to him
at his place of business, in which she re
ferred to him In the most contemptuous
manner possible.
. All such alleged conduct, says Mrs.
Paynter, caused her the most intense suf
fering. ¦ She says she Is a. woman of re
fined and delicate sensibilities and is
therefore easily shocked. Her friends are
also refined and sensitive, intelligent and
delicate, she says, and she suffered be
cause they were scandalized when they
heard him refer to her as a pup. Payn
tar is also a drinking man, according to
his wife. She says In disposition he is
"morose, gloomy and ugly.'^and when In
his cups would think nothing of cursing
and reviling her.',
MEBITHEW LEFT HER.
Mrs. Bishop was taken el.ck in Denver,
in 1900,:,.Ehe says, as a result of the strain
upon her mind. In the winter of 1900,
she says, and in the summer of 1901, she
suffered from nervous prostration because
of the manner in which she was com
pelled" to live, and though her husband
well knew the cause of her illness, he re
fused to allow her to resume her proper
name. She was* so sick, she says, that
she had to go home to her folks in the
summer of 1902. She remained there for
four months and then returned to this
city, where she joined her husband. He
still persisted In compelling her to travel
under a name not her own, with the re
sult that she was again taken sick and
was compelled to send for her ¦• siBter to
come out here and take care of her.
Mrs. Payntar says that though her hus
band was very particular about the name
she bore in public, he was not so choice
in selecting the names he applied to her
in private. His common method of ad
dressing her was .to call her "pup,"
"idiot" and "fool", when. they were alone
and she says he sometimes applied these
"epithets to' her in '"the presence of others.
He' would frequently, she says, threaten
to kill her and often cursed her. ¦
SICK IN DENVER.
According to Mrs. Payntar's complaint,
her husband's habit of cutting and slash
ing his name, and in consequence hers,
commenced during their honeymoon,
which was spent in this city. Slje says
she .left Brooklyn: as Mrs. Payntar, and
that after she arrived here he compelled
her to adopt the name of Mrs. ; Eugene
Bishop. He told her that because of cer
tain unpIe'asantrUs that happened dur
ing a former residence here he. did not
desire to be known by the name of Payn
tar. Thi«s was after she had .worn it for
three months and as she rather liked it
it shocked her greatly to have to give it
up. . "When a few months later,' she says,
he adopted the given name of Guy and
compelled her to "'travel aboutVwlth him
under- the name j of Mrs. ¦ Guy Eugene
Bishop, the blow almost killed her. She
objected strenuously, she says, but with
out avail. She says the very idea of
traveling about. the country under an as
sumed name worried her to such an ex
'tent that she became, a physical wreck.
She declares it cut her off entirely from
au 1 .iiitnus and relatives and - made her
feel like an outcast.
Just because Eugene Bishop -Payntar
chose to drop the name of Payntar and
travel for a time as Eugene Bishop and
then assume the given name of Guy and
tour the country as Guy Eugene Bishop
is one of the reasons why there was yes
terday .filed a suit for divorce by Dorothy
Brockway Payntar. She has no objec
tion to the name -of Mrs. Eugene Bishop
Payntar, the name she assumed when
she married Payntar In Brooklyn In Jan
uary, 1900, and she wants the 'court to
declare that such is her name, . but she
decidedly objects to changing it almost
as often as her . husband changes his
clothes. • ,:-,-.Vv. ;-• < -
Says He Changes on Occa
sion, Causing Her Great
; | Suffering.
Mrs. Pay n tar Objects to
Husband's Jugglery
With Nam a -
ASKS A DIVORCE
ON ODD GROUND
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Haight & Masonic av.*
Seven. Pines. Circle of >the. Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic- has- ar
ranged for an old time camp fire and. ball
In, Pioneer Hall on" the evening of Thurs
day-next for the 'entertainment : of the
members and,- the veterans -of' the Civil
War.; and their friends. There will ibe a
supper of, army food. . such as '¦ the boys
used to get when'out in the field. There
will also be dancing. ¦
Camp Fire and; Ball.
- Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DruKKlsts. 80c flask. Richard * Co.. 408 CUjr. •
The case of Peter Craig, a young paint
er charged with burglary, .was dismissed
by Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday.^He
was arrested • on the charge of entering
the | room of Charles " Hiller. 963 Mission
street, on October 6 and stealing a valu
able concertina. Threfe ' men employed in
a pawnshop at Sacramento and Kearny
streets swore that Craig pawned the con
certalna on the day it was stolen and
three panlters employed with Craig on i a
building at Lafeuna and Market streets
swore that he was working with them the
whole of that day. The Judge said he
would give the defendant the benefit of
the doubt' and dismissied the case.
Gets Benefit of the Doubt.
Two hundred paintings and water, col
ors, by eminent local, Eastern and for
elpm artists, the collection of Mr. Hector
Alliot. will be sold at auction Wednes
day next at 2:30 p. m. and .three follow
ing days. Now on free exhibition. The
Art 8ales Galleries. 230 Post street. •
Art Exhibition.
Mrs. Grace L. Howard. 314 Ellis street,
who is suing for a divorce from her hus
band, a mining engineer, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Fritz yesterday
for the arrest of Arthur G. "Wheeler on a
charge of libel. The" alleged libel was
contained In a note given by "Wheeler to
an" attorney in which "Wheeler said that
he was prepared to take oath that Mrs.
Howard had been guilty of conduct un
becoming a married : woman with Mark
Devine, a State collector, on the night of
October 1 at- Devine's home on Valencia
street. "Wheeler was arrested In San Jose
yesterday afternoon.
Claims She Was Libeled.
International Banking Corporation-
Special attention Is directed to the ad
vertising columns, wherein appear the
full particulars of the International
Banking Corporation, setting forth its
large capital, its numerous and impor
tant branches, and its powerful and In
fluential directors.
This will be of special interest at this
particular time, when our American
bankers from all over the United States
are with us. -. ¦
The International Banking Corporation
is the chief American bank authorized
to do' business outside of the United
States.' The bank is already doing a
large and profitable business in China
and the Philippine Islands, where it is
the designated fiscal agent of the United
States Government, and is doing splen
did, work in advancing the interests of
American commerce ' abroad.
well '. to. provide for the ellmllnation of
those causes. No more forceful declara
tion of tbe-need ,of, Jthe-rinqulry started by
thaf board can* be -had" than in the state
ment recerttly made by James S. "Wat
son,formerly president ; of the Porter
Bros.- Company -in' refusing to testify be
fore < a , bankruptcy referee relative to re
bates he is said to have received from
transportation companies, that such tes
timony might Incriminate him.
-iv'The Information you may'glv© In this
matter will 'greatly aid the cause of the
grqwer. and- is '.absolutely needed In con
nection' with further inquiry being made
directly in the East.
: "A. letter sent out by General Manager
Briggs to the local boards of trade and
chambers of commerce urges the value of
making every effort to secure the co-op
eration of the growers and the local press
in the movement."
"The ' boa rd desires' to^make the 'inquiry
as full and complete as possible, and as
sures you- that every possible effort'"wili
be made not only to establish the causes
of the unjust conditions existing.'ibut' as
"The' management of., this board' ".'will
greatly appreciate the, favor if yott^tfill
add any circumstances' -which may. have
come within_!your.'.knowledge;or^experi
ence which may; In/any way aid In this in
quiry, Instituted purely in the interest of
the grower."
"In this connection kindly give as near
ly as possible the dates upon which ship
ments were made and the particular
prices obtained at particular times. Also
please state as closely as possible the
elements of cost which enter into the ex
pense of shipment, including cost of
boxes, packing, freight or express. Icing,
commissions, etc. State whether less than
carload rates have been charged at times
when you have reason to believe ship
ment has been made in full cars made up
of small individual shipments, and .what
such charges 'have been, together with
the rates that have been . quoted .to you
for both carload ¦ and less than carload
shipments. . ¦•' •• -
FACTS ARE'. WANTED. • v '•
. "It is the' purpose of the management
of the 'State Board of Trade, under the
resolution quoted abgve, to make such
inquiry as shall establish the cause of this
manifestly unjust condition, with a view
to securing a 'remedy and bettering the
grower's position.' In, this connection the
greatest' possible assistance can be ren
dered by 'the growers and shippers of
fruit themselves, and this 'letter is writ
ten to you- asking your co-operation., ,.
"Will you kindly send me, at as early
a date - as possible, a statement '-of the
prices received' by you for such frlut as
you may have' shipped during "the past
season' to ' this'- ma'rket and to the East,
both net and; gross, in order that a com
parison may be made with both the re
tail and wholesale prices obtained?
Manager Brlgga of th© California Stata
Board of Trade has sent out a circular
letter to fruit growers of the State and
to boards -of trade and chambers of com
merce In which the resolution recently
adopted by the board in reference to hav
ing an investigation of the fruit market
Is Included. The text of the letter Is as
follows:
'•The interest which the fruit growers
of California have in the thorough car
rying out of this resolution will, I think,
be apparent to all. It has long been an
established fact that with all the splen
did reputation of. California fruit In the
Eastern market, the readiness' with which
it finds sale, and the great wealth which
has been made by those handling It, the
grower himself has received proportion
ately but a poor return. . ;
"There is certainly. no lack of demand
for the California product and no good
reason for believing ¦ that it should not
yield the producer a good profit, but there
is a pretty firmly established belief that
certain interests standing between the pro
ducer and thb consumer, have by man
ipulation of their varied powers and ad
vantages for their own emolument, work
ed to the disadvantage of the men who
by their skill "and industry have made
the State's great wealth in horticultural
resource possible. . .-...• .r-
PURPOSE OF- MANAGEMENT. .
Addresses Fruit Growers in
Regard to Coming Inves
tigation.
Manager of State'Board
of Trade Defines Its
Purpose.
DEFINITE FACTS
ARE REQUESTED
THE SAN FnANClSCO: CALL;: SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23. -l»oa
NORDICA'S VOICE
WILL BE HEARD
AT ALHAMBRA
Souvenir for All.
Ixjyal Circle of the Companions of the
Forest, A. O. F. t la to have a' souvenir
entertainment, to be followed by a dance,
in the Assembly Hall of the Red Men's
building on the evening of Friday next.
Each one attending will be given a token
in remembrance of the occasion.
» ? ¦
Malmquist Sentenced.
Eighteen months' Imprisonment at hard
labor In the Alameda County Jail was the
sentence imposed yesterday by United
States District Judge de Haven upon
Gustave A. Malmsrlst. alias C. D. Ran
dall, for having made a fraudulent appU
cation for pension papers.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
w .^^^^»> *jl w <3
ia •>»-< »J^^^^^^^^^T""^?^'"^T""?"TT?^!^^^ J ,' M ,.— H , - 1MI Lutttawir-"'""" Mi * ~ . -.
I NEWEST IDEAS IN WAIST5
is The newest conceptions will always be found here in greater
[] as well as unequaled variety. Our waist department Is a rev-
n elation of handsome styles of our own superior make and rare
[: and exclusive, models of foreign Importation made of this
[j season's very newest and most popular materials.
(j The Magnin Waists have gained foremost popularity owing
H to the exeluslveness of the
l j styles, the superb quality of .rfb?!^w
I: material, the careful manner ''jtfnSF^'Sk.
; In which thf>y are made and 'K^^SwU.
H the reasonable prices. ,!Pj(SS' ; is-4?vTv
B LADIES' WAISTS— Of fiR- _ .«?!
u ured white vesting, duchesse jz^-. J*** t^W^-
jj plait down front; thres tucks —^ & 1
K on each side; cluster of tucks I *¦_? /*
H In back; fancy stock with N«-^1 ' ' »
» pointed tabs; full bish'op I -ji »
H sleeves: sizes 32 to 40. (See
illustration.) A <JO AA M /Kfj^lXl-J^tK '¦
> good value «p£.UU ' V \W // / 7 p-J::.*y I f\
\ LADIES' WAISTS — Made v^ Ji / / JF~*ST J I \
t of best quality twilled flannel: Ji I Ik '
1 with new shoulder yoke front /~^^J\^y\. : \ /-A \
and back; three tucks on each / /**»£•". )C:! >J 11 f\ h - \ '-\
I side of center plait; soft stock / . " j?^V/ f 'I I '! A I*' " '
with four-in-hand tie. Sizes/ r 'rn i-'l- /- 1 I'JS* \ • ¦••¦'
32 to «0. Colors light blue.l ' J y,y/*J'.yA-''- ' t j/ JF*' \ '
navy and white. , - Vi'. : .'i> x Tl- V- J' •'-' \-1ss' I
tt An unmatchable fl»O Trt -SfflT • tv-.-v.i'-* • i ?,'kjL/ r • / •
U value 1 !!^ *<&*yisr i $r'- ' I '
(l ~**f&4*±7* Becoming Kilteior Small Boys :
« / / \^- wV^?i !.^- " ¦ ' Ages i*to~ 5 years!:
H A$£k~ %/ iy^Alh^^ Precisely the garments the fashion-
B /; •.i'JBfc^ " w -Jt*-- -V able little men will wear this season
K "^^"v, ¦ -«?v '^1/ wil1 te f"»nd here in the greatest va-
« uitlif- i/^T«^^- • riet >' of styles a.nd materials- and- at
n ' 7 £ *""r "''a. the most reasonable prices. The.dis-
1) ¦ ?i r'-' ' i- ••• tl.ictlve character and . the general-
) «^*^ JtS-^Lr-^^a • . i good quality of the Magnin styles ap-
fc Vv \^^La>?2^ peal to mothers who desire to dress
D 1 '^-;*^*"^» • "\ the little boys stylishly yet 'inexpen-
¦ : 'IV £'-^- COYS' RUSSIAN BLOUSE SUITS
p ' ' — Made of all-wool 'serge; white em-
1' • '¦*(:**} I broidered emblem on shield; '.effect-'
h tWT «aft-""i ively stitched; shades of red," navy . . .
r I*/ :.jBfi : A.j >nd brown. Sizes .
1 \W - != '|*i.- I 2 to 5 years. .See >/>»TVu «
1 * lilS"' n Illustration. OUR "¦ fir"^?^ '
! i —tl/- 1* 1 LEADER AT ... ' WZg}? ,
B & «1 z(\ \ ¦J3i*JJ ir l ¦¦
f Remarkable Bednctions ia
I Children's Fancy. Dresses \ i ft^fM, 1 1
r'. We have made extraordinary reduc- ' ;-. g^ *• \
f* t;:s on n broken line of CHILDREN'S j jEf^^jJ i-i
fi FANCY PARTY and STREET DRESSES. 1 /ffi/f'P"^£V*£"'
g The assortment comprises both long ' ''mKt&?4$'*
b sleeve and guimpe effects; made of a I jBrJpS ''irfk'
ft variety of light and dark shades of all- ' J^^J^. & ?T\ f
[; wool cashmere, etamine and albatross;' ';* %^>
t ' handsomely trimmed with lace, velvet - -''
i and ribbon. Sizes S to 14. Tf9n " I
j $16.00 Values reduced to... #10.00 * ' *]'-",'•£'¦.' .
; SIS. 50 Values reduced to... S13.50 ' "'''tim. ' =
• J25.00 Values reduced to. . .&1S.OO .- • • gf*[
j _^30.00 Values reduced to . . . J$2O.OO . y^i
\ " Other styles reduced in proportion. Jf ¦ ' 1
t] 918-922 Market Street.
u Our new Fall and Winter Catalogue contains. a large as-
\: sortment of Children's and Ladies' Wear. Send your name
p and receive one free. . ;
ISMAR.
FORETOLD SHIPWRECKT
Ismar Prophesied Wreck of South Port-
land Last August
_ ,, PORTLAND. Oct. 22. 1903. Every day new evidence of her creat
Dear Madam Ismar: • I am glad I con- powers of second sieht Js mad? maniw
eulted you before leaving San Francisco She is continually locati"! lo?t "reas
last August. Otherwise I might now ures. lost jewels, lost minis and !52t
be occupying a watery grave or might persons. Her remarkable insfght intd
. — - the future— in the depicting and descrjb-
/"•^-^^5^v * ingr. of future events — is simply one of
* Z-^SI*"fiuZ-^L - the wonders ot our time. The. evidence
,1k /k y^5Miirvfts\ ? f her Kreat ability continually accumu-
/rr\ /P* //JZt&g&iwki'jr'l. «atcH. Men and women who have previ-
/ r-V-J-2/ .€P^^ i^&\~A~\ ousIy doul >ted become convinced.
, r~£3r-f~jU 'thi-tiCik ' Volumes could be written of the al-
" "' 5^-l<'- // irfrK-^r?' &**t2tA~ most miraculous cures performed by Is-
- *ZH&> A mar - lhe mystic - and seer-
• '-*'^ ? t. 'Ji h ifaiV^^^y •i / ,K ess. From all over America and even
* " : 'i/ /.IA from Germany. England nnd Aus-
¦ f&'tf'V^^xGf 'UH\ tralm, come testimonials attesting her
J^yv'W^^^9 ?n\S. prf " a i p " wcr - 1Ier na me is a household
y^-^&iJS-^ViW Y i}%\ w , ord all oyer this coast, and thousands
AfaSpzfiar .•>2'^ // 7 i :^\ ¦ (>t srateful men and women testify to
/O^r^a^ - >Or *]*£}' the great skill she possesses, both as a
'ii-^^f Jk^a&tVJ vijr s \ vrt nealer and clairvoyant.
iVmXl .-Jitf '^"^Jr&F^A h %¦ Many , of the cases cured by her were
I * -\l*V^%te»»^^" > ; ' V I' rcviotl , sl y Pronounced, incurable or per-
A'C.>^*TV : rV^^^---^- >^ - ; -¦' S , manently chronic. It flimplv proves that
iT^Vivill.^'.^N— -v "^^Si H whlle there is llfe there is hope
1 *'&$&!' : r ??~~''™ €p J ; If you ore sick, don't despair until you
!-l»ruir» "%-' see Ismar. There is always hope. .
it least have suffered greaff torture as a wilf oTreTuy 1 de^triTt^lmf' ISmar
»ictim of the South Portland's disaster. Write her^ if y"^ can't <Ill Thr^l
\ou told me many other things also that questions answered fo? if F»n url
ane true - Yours ef^^P* 3 - «««in« Si. Send'mone'jordir b?w£
Mr Maggione follSrS •SS?i°^ee f$^ W i&£ M % t ™?? l^'^ [^
• nd did not take passage aboard the Market street San Fwnni.l V 1104
South Portland, as he would otherwise South 114] T. Office hoS 10°£ m to"?
cave done. In consequence he is enjoy- p. ra .; Sundays 10 am to 12 m •
big good health to-day. This incident n™'": %t L?« nn » »»,„
n;11s to mind the remarkable prophecy KPWfirP. are Etas W'« !,lI h H
Tiade bylsmar last year concerning the UOnQIG _ of *¥v£t&ne^ %%„?¦?
vrecking of the Walla Walla and the sonaljty) • aa%ertlsIn « and «er per-
'He d r e in J s a ig e h^nto future events Is sim- Sa^r^cTs'co^hJrTshe 1^
4jr marvelous. • many year B and is well know"
. -' ADVERTISEMENTS^
... . Q
"During the past week we have received large
shipntLnts of NEW GOODS in the following depart-
ments, all of which will be sold at our usual
LOW PRICES:
GLOTH DBPT.
We will show in this department complete
lines of new Amazon Cloths, French Broad-
cloths, Epulish Venetians, Covert Cloths,
Beavers, Golf Skirtings and Velvet Cordurous.
These corns in all the latest shades— also
hlack. special— 45 pieces genuine Amazon
Cloth, 50 inch?s wide, all shades, uard,
FLANNEL DEPT.
New printed French Flannels Hatest pat-
terns in Parsian effects, stripes, dots and
hordered— also plain colored French Flan-
nels, all shades, Scotch and English Tennis
Flannels in great variety, Eiderdown Flan-
nels, hest gualitu. and Emhroidered Flan-
nels, special— 75 pieces 37-inch heavo
Twilled English Tennis Flannel, striped
and plain colors..- •5Oc uard.
CURTAIN DBPT.
New Lace Curtains In Battenfierff, Irish Point, Ara-
bian/. Nottingham, Saxonui Ruffled Net, Malras and
: Novelty Curtalns r TapestPB and Velour Tahle Covers,
; Couch Covers and Portieres, Lace Bed Sets In Bat-
tenherg, Irish Point and Nottingham.
* v special— 150 pairs Arahlan Lace Curtains, 15 dif-
ferent designs :...-.... S3. oo. pair.
LINEN DEPT.
•Complete stock-new Tahle Linens, Tahle Cloths, Nap-
kins, Towels, Douiles, Hemstltchel Sets, -also Hem-
stitched Trag Cloths, Scarfs, Center Pieces and Tea
. Cloths In plain linen, damask anl hanl emhroidered.
special— 250 dozen Hemstltchsd Huck Towels, full
size and pure linen :..\. $3.oo dozen.
i*Vr>T^>f^1—p Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1^1 KU 1 EL/ All orders for samples or goods filled
¦ ¦— » y«*«< shipped same day they are received.
HJ.iiS, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. . . . ,. ,-
and requirements will be on display in our millinery section this week.
- If you desire- something exclusive of a dressy and becoming nature, or a
hat for service, we are prepared to please you. As special price features
, we are showing a magnfficcnt collection of fashionably trimmed hats at
$7. 50 and $10.00.
Stylish Walking Hats, worth $5.00 and $6.00 previously, are now
on sate at $3.50, very reasonable.
New Shipment of Fabric Gloves
A most complete line of Keyser's Silk Gloves in all • shades and
black and white at 50c. 75c and $1.OO the pair. .
Fowne's Lisle Suede Gloves in full range of shades at 75c per pair; \
1 usual value, $1.00.' ' ' . •- /
AGENCY FOR PERRIN'S KID GLOVES. (
A Silk Petticoat Sale \
• We make- special mention of an extensive assortment of black and (
black and white striped silk taffeta skirts; of excellent aualitv silk and (
* generously made as to length, width and trimming; usually sold at $8. 50. '
Sale price, 95.50.* * . ¦ . • ' - \<
Women's Serviceable Walking Skirts at $5.00
To create speedv- selling and offer surprising value we place on sale
Monday several dozen: of these walking skirts : in cheviot, tweed and r
novelty suiting mixtures at this, extremely low price. 95.00 the skirt.
. ' We have.a magnificent collection of these, and being so much in
vogue for women's and children'iTouter garment trimmings' we offer as '
an inducement to view them several hundred at these very special prices
38c, 65c,: 95c. ; . prices.
j AGENTS FOR ROYAL AVORCESTER CORSETS. V
ra Id wT^-^fir^^ia Ba m&fm k ™&- t£ «kTw8
S3 ~Br Si Em t ei * v wr Asm w ' ?i w > BBBH - ¦" ' 1VIH ~ W- s»i - ¦H /^^LJBB -
ga f^jgji Iff mm Bk. HL/^*^BL7^^ J8 ' Wn iBBi itwtommiJR KLtcB S
Er SPS v >1 Bo B 1 HB Tiifi P3 BZ3 A ¦ ffi> _lB
EXPERT OPTIfiT* V. **
Relieve
Mnscnlar Strain
Of the eyes that rob (ha visor of t&e rest
of the body, use George M&yerle's glasses.
They are intenied for more than th« aid-
ing of vision. Do not procrastinate la the
matter of having your eye* examined.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC
INSTRUCTION.
1432 Laguna Street. San Francisco.
George Mayerle^ —Dear Sir: I am so very /
much pleased with the rlassea you made
for me that I fe«l constrained to volunteer
my hearty commendation of your work. I
have used glasses for forty-five years. Dur-
ing all this period I have never been so
'well suited. I now enjoy comfort hereto-
fore denied me. I wish that I had met 70a
years ago. Very truly youx».
J. W. ANDERSON.
Ex-Superintendent of Public Instruction for
California.
GERMAN EYE WATER
jr. Is a harmless and effective
jgfgjBSak remedy; It Instantly relieves
ail *ye troUDlea > makes weak
eyes strong, diseased eyes well;
of srreat benefit to thos« wear-
In? glasses; 50c per bottle; by mall 62c
CAUTION —The genuine bears the Trade-
mark —an Eye In a Crown —and the signa-
tureot GEORGE MAYERLE
German Expert Optician. Charter Member
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MARKET ST , SAN FRANCISCO
Opp. Callashan Bldtr.. near 7th St.
Phone South S72.
ADVEBTISEM3NTS.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices :;
W Offer Our Entire Extra 71a* CoV»
lectloa of 1
Oriental Rugs
: AND CURTAINS ;
[ At 25 Per Cent /|
Discount from rerolar retail prices. ['
We are sola agrenty for
JOHN CROSSIEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGUSH CARPETS
:Ghas.M.Pltim&Go.r
:: Cor. 9th and Market Sts. JSAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
Great Enthusiasm
Displayed at
Meetings.
Standard Bearer
Is Gheered by
Citizens.
WORKINGMEN MAKE HENRY J. CROCKER'S ELECJTIOISI A CERTAINTY
BY DECLARING HIM THEIR CHX51C& FOR MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO
Trains Bearing Visitors Speed to Various Points and
Resources of the State Are Observed.
BANKERS LAY ASIDE THEIR PROBLEMS
TO ENJOY CALIFORNIA'S HOSPITALITY
HENBT J. CROCKER AND
THREE OTHER NOMINEES
OF REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Continued on Page 36, Column 1.
FAILS TO NAME SUCCESSOB
OF. WARDEN WILKINSON
Board of ; Prison Directors • Passes
Question of Appointment and
Awards Jute Contract. /' : :
Tha Board of Prison Directors met yes
terday mbrnlnjr at 'the % offlces of R. M.
Fitzgerald, a member of .tho^ board, but,
contrary to -expectations, failed to ap
point a successor to. Warden Wilkinson
of Folsom prison. It is'probable that the
question will be taken up at , the next
meeting of the board.. .'
Bids for 10.000 bales of jute were opened
by. the board. Bids were received from
Ames & Harris. Rolli Bros.; H. M. New
hall, Balfour, ,Guthrie &-CO., and Eddy
Falk and r the 'American Trading/ Com
pany. '',•«,,"',;'.»' 'V-' ->' A SlJfll t .r -'/.' .¦ ;.-.
Rolll Bros. : have controlled ;the awards
for the last five years; .haying. always
been the lowest . bidders, ;but yesterday
the contract; was., awarded .to. .Eddy, Falk
and the /American: .Trading -Company,
whoso price for. the jute will;approxlmate
$130,000. :¦ ¦¦.-¦"•. ¦'¦'¦¦..- ¦--;.:•' "-> •¦> -^'.--- ¦¦.. ¦;>-'
The . American v Company's bid
forfjute yesterday was 27^, cents ia -bale
less than was ' asked last ,year by • Rolll
Bros. The'jyte will be shipped from Cal
cutta .tOiHongkoh^and. thence^ to r ;Sarr
Francisco." . .Two;- thousand jfiye/.' hundred
bales are ; to [ be- shippekl .by - steamer " and
the rest by salllng.vessel.
Continued on Page 42, Column '4.
NEW YORK DELEGATION.
Tbe New York delegation of the bank
ers and their ladles arrived here at 2:20
o'clock this afternoon on the .magnificent
New Tork Central Railroad "train de
luxe" on which they traveled from' the
Atlantic to the Pacific. At all points on
the way down the train was -inspected
by crowds that had heard of its magnifi
cence. . \
Special carriages conveyed the members
of the party ..over the seventeen-mile
drive. to old Monterey and to the United
States barracks. To-night the New York
ers. Joined in a social gathering at the
Hotel Del- Monte with -the delegates .to
the late. convention, who came on -the spe
cial train, chartered by the bankers, of
San Francisco.:. . "- x
The New York Central train Meft at 1
a. m. for Santa, Barbara, where it 'Will
remain ["until 'Monday morning. It "will
then proceed East via Tvjs Angeles,
¦ The New Yorkers held a meeting to
night witli the delegates *of the special
excursion par*y r and- thanked the recep
tion r ( omrnUrfee for the generous enter
talnmcnt^iurlng'the convention. " - •. ' '
The New York train is In chare©, of
J. H.Smithson. Fred R. Burroughs, Miss'Rix,
Miss Coolcson. Miss E. A. Ricks, G. Culbert-
Bon. G. T. Wcodworth, C. R. Burnett, M. S.
Sanderford. A. E. Sharp, D. X Rice, H. W.
Noble. Mrs. H. W. Noble. George E: Lawson,
Mrg. Georse E. Lawnon. M. L. McMllllan. C. A.
Austin. Mrs. C. A. Austin. I. Lunberg. Mrs. I.
Lunberg, D. F. Beard. G. M. Reynolds. Mrs.
J. L. Hall, Mrs. Will D. Banks. •
J. P. Lee. Mrs. Lee, W. H. Whelan, Mrs.
W. II. Whelan. Mrs. N. R. dim. H. B.
Crim. E. S. Eltlnjte. Mrs. E. Blake. Mrs.
Blake. Mrs. S. D. Plnkerton. D. M. Pinker
ton, James Gllvln. Mrs. Gllvln, E. S. Green.
Mrs. Green, H. C. Porter. A. J. Bennett,
H. P. Bennett, T. V,'. Ray. Mrs. Ray, Theo
dore F. Blake, H. W. Converse, Mtss Merlhl,
Mum -Belle Bondie. Mrs. G. Baffler, G. A.
Baffler. L. Murphy, N". S. Hewing. F. D.
Modxlon, D. A. Moulton. Mrs. Moulton, Miss
L. Srott. Mrs. C. H. Mc«3brmick. Mrs. G.
C. Sutton. Mrs. T. O'Brien. A. II. Mulder,
W. Herrmann, Mrs. F. 13. Woodland. F. D.
Woodland. Mrs. II. S. Jackson, H. S. Jack
son, W. L. Jones. F. J. Symer*. Miss M.
Symere, L. r. Hlllyer. Miss E. O'Brien, J.
E. Fitzpatrick.
R. W. HemDhill, W. E. Bllven. Miss B.
Umbson, E. E. Manheim. Mrs. Manhelm. O.
A. Hale. Mrs. E. Falk, W. H. Brown. Mrs.
Brown. Georee H. Hamilton. McC. Wallace,
W. B. Wlnshoe, Mrs. Wins'* e, F. Cannon.
Mm. Cannon. A. H. Wlggln. Mrs. M. E.
Maxwell, Mrs.. A. H. WlgRln, G: M. Cham
berlain, G. A. Storey, Miss II. Anderson,
T. Cooke. Fred E. Eberhard. A. Curless. Mrs.
Curless, Mra. A. Dlxon, A. Dlxon, D. C.
Musser, H. E. Hunt. A. L. Lotto. Mrs. M.
C. Smith. G. A. Nelson. H. WatXlns, Mrs.
Watkins, Mrs. F. D. Cook. Miss P. Cun
ningham, Miss Alice Cunningham, A. Tonn,
Mrs. Tonn. G. H. Mason, Mrs. E. Mclvln,
Mrs. H. Mason.
W. R. Wilder. Mrs. C. A. Bragdon, Mrs.
W. A. Post. F. Howard Hocke, R. A. Craw
ford, Mrs. Crawford, A . Hammer. Mm. Ham
mer, - XV. J. Boise. W. J. Rhodes, Mrs.
Rhode*. G. F. Orde. Mrs. Orde, C. B. Mills,
Mrs. Mills. James MofTet. J. S. Farrard, A.
Schlofly. Mrs. Schlofly, Miss II. Schlofiy, Louis
A. Schlefly. Miss Kate Korrigan, P. E.
Bowles. Mrs. 'Bowles. E. 8. McAvery, W.
L. Lowey, Miss K. Corrig-an, A. D. JftcPher
*on. L. M. Bobbins. Arthur Hause, I. K.
Mrffett, Mrs. Moffott, A. L. Crampton, J. H.
Gilmore, J. L. Jlltchell.
E. T. Hejrer. A. C. TutUe. R. L. Rlnaman.
Theo. Read. \V. X. Stfln««g, J. B. Huston, G.
M. Reynolds. Mr*. G. M. Reynolds, W. H.
Manly, H. D. Brown. E. W. Purdy, Mrs. E.
V»\ Purdy. C. W. Dorr. Mrs. C. W. Dorr. R.
Annen, Mr?. R. Ann^n. D. Sloan. Nellie Sloan.
D. Annen. Miss P. Annen. T. B. Rickey, Mtf.
T. B. Rickey. E. H. Dfnkinp. Misa B. J. Roth,
L. R. Bergeron. C. H. Fhulley. l>. H. Latlmer.
J. H. Schenck. Mr*. J. 11. Pchmck. H. M.
Bean. George A. l>wl». Mrs. George A.' Lewis.
J. T. Crar.kshaw, Mrs. J. T. Chankshaw, E.
M. Ker.nilb«?rg. R. Bradley. Miss L,. Bradley.
Miss D. Bradley, J. K. Rkelley. Mr*. J. K.
SkWley. W. J. Uoyes. N\ H. Baile. Mrs. X. H.
Pallf. J. K. WHfion. Mrs. J. K. Wilson, M!»s
M. Wilson. W. J. Klnsst-ury, L. I. Cowgell,
Mrs. L. I. Cowgell, E. D. Wolfe. William Mc-
Murray. Mrs. Wliilam McMurray, W. T. Cun
ningham. Mrs. W. T. Cunningham, V,'. M.
Etone. Mrs. \V. M. Stone, Miss C. Stone, C.
P. Boule. Mr*. H. M. Lowenburry, J. J. Jen
nings. A. !>. Drown. A. Ilertley. Cbarlea M.
Stone, Mr*. Stone, P. Chesney. J. P. Sanes,
Mrs. J. P. Sanes, J. U Edwards, A. F. White.
H. W. Culbcrtson. J. F. McCullock. J. M. Wil
liamson, J. A. Chase. Mrr. Eva Covea, Miss
L. Chase, J. G. C. Klrchner, J. G. Fletcher,
M!s» A. Fletcher. S. D. Tllton. Mrs. S. D.
Tilton. Cyrus Tilton, D. W. Tilton. J. Graham,
Mrs. Graham. J. D. Leonard. Mrs. J. D. Leon
ard. R. Kempt. L. H.. Bixby. H. E. Jonei>,
Mrs. II. E. Jones. M. A. . Wiatt. .Mr*. M. A.
Wlatt. J. A. Skinner, Fred Her.z, Mrs. FrM
Hrnz. I. S. Ste-wart. W. M. Shaw/ Mrs. W. M.
Sha^. A. B. Smith. Mrs. A. B. Smith. J. G.
Christopher, Mrs. J. G. Christopher. J. H.
Wood, Mm. J. H. Wood. Ward Wood, V. \V.
Wilson C. L. FarreJl, W. P. Clu»ch, C f? Cas
tle, J. A. Lewis. Mrs.' J. A. Lewln, Mrs.C. 8
Castle. M. F. Backus. Mrs. M. F. Backus. L.
M. Backus, r. W. Dorr, Mrs. C. W. Dorr F
B. Leland. Mr*. F. B. Le'.and. A. E. Wine
Mrs. A. E. Win*. A. D. Lane. Mrs. A. D*
Lane. Mri. C. H. gliulley.
<S. E. CowrIII, W. Rhodes. E. M. S-ott
Mrs. E. M. Scott. Miss D. Scott. J. G. Schmxr
dcn. Mrs. J. G. Fchmerden. R. J. Lonjj, Mr*
R. J. Lonr.- <"\ Waldwee, A. B. Farley, C. L
Himraln*. F. E. Lattenet, Mrs. F. E. Lattenet
H. F. Charter. Mrs. W. Scarth, J. W. HarriH -
Mrs. J. W. Harris. J. W. Htrrls Jr.. Marv
Ilarr!*. MUk Courtney, L. H. Hazzard, P. r\
Kauffman. Mrs. P. C. Kr.uftman. Gecrge.D
Locke, A I Eoff. Mrs. AI Eoff. Eva L. Hensley.
C. E. Brock. W. B. Plttman. ;A. G. : Bishop.
Mrs. A. G. Bishop. W. R. Barnett. W. C. Ht-r.
rlci, Mrr. \V. C. Henrtd. Arthur Reynolds.
Mrs. Arthur Reynolds. R. .Vlark, Mrs. Vlarfc
R. Attohle, B. T Watkins. W. C. Walbeok,
C. C. Wettlrl. F-* T. Buntlvr, U B. Farley,
Mrs. I* B. Farley, Mrs. W. E. Boyer.'.W. E.
Beyer. W. J. Lyons. ! Mr<. W. . J. X,yon»; W. K.
Bo»ers. W. L. Hamilton. Mrs. A. E. Hamilton,
Mlw Alice Marsh. F. G. Judnon. C. M. Sawyer.
Mrs. O. M. Sawyer. Ed Carroll, Mrs. Ed Car
roll. W. F. Myers. C. S.. Job**, , Mrs. O.< S.
Jobe*, J. B. Clarkson. A. Blum, F. B.' Klnp.
Mm. J. B. Clarkson. Mrs.- -A. Blum. W.- J.
T>ockman. R. William«. Mrs. C. Williams. R.
Cochran. Mrs. E. Cochran, llr«. W. E. Cochran,
R. D. Buck. Mrs. Ira D. Buck. M. J. Gould,
Mrs. M. J. Gould. W.- L. Moyer. A. S.- Beey
tn«f. ¦ Jin. A. S. Beeymer. R. W. Krnnr. Mrs.
F. E. Beck. F. E. Beck. W. L. Meyer. Mr». J.
F. Lane. Mr*. G. Ramney.-G.L. Ramsey, J.
H. Cameron, -A". W. Hllbert. Mr*. A;-W; HU
bert. W. T. Dodse. Miss' W: CaMwelJ, : J." Iv
Dougherty. Mrs. J. L. Dougherty, J. W. Tread
well. W. F. Manny. Mrs. Manny. Mies- A. Gal
loway. Mies 1.. Galloway. Will IX Bank*. 'Mrs."
J. Hornday. J. Hornday. J. H. Smlthson, Mrs.
The following named were guests
aboard the special excursion train:
First National Bank; J. E. Fitzpatrick,
Donohoe-Kelly Ranking Company.
These gentlemen were ably assisted by
William McMurray of the information
bureau of the Southern Pacific, who had
charee of the excursion plan3.
GUESTS OF EXCURSION.
SCENES ON MOUNT TAMALPAIS YESTERDAY DURING THE EXCUR-'
SION OF THE VISITING -BANKERS TO THAT POPULAR RESORT
AS THE GUESTS OF THE LOCAL FINANCIERS.
"I see they hunt the records of candi
dates for many, years back. There are a
great many things that a. man does for
which he does not expect to be rewarded
and he does not seek, to be rewarded. I
am sure. If I have done anything. for thl3
State and for this city it Is my friends
who come forward and tell you. rather
than -myself. If I-have helped the Indus
tries of California, or if I have .helped the
workingmen. I did" not do.lt in the hop«
of future reward or In hope that I might
some day' be a candidate for ' office, and
would use It*- for my personal, benefit. I
did not do it in order that It might re
dound to .'my credit. I never expected to
run for office. I am no politician and I
have no string of people to push me Into
office. If I am elected Mayor of San Fran
cisco I will be elected by you people. I
am your candidate and I will not be the
tool cf any boss or set of bosses.
"It is the people I address to-night, and
I will -tell them what I expect to do if
elected Mayor. I don't propose to have
a set of men say this, that and the other
party, and the other candidates on
the ticket. The reception tendered Mr.
Crocker evidenced his popularity in this
district. On his arrival in the hall early
In the evening the nominee for Mayor
was received with hearty enthusiasm.
Many of the citizens present knew him
personally and grasped his hand and
wished him luck In his contest.
The meeting was held under the aus
pices of the Young Men's Republican Club
of the Thirty-third Assembly District.
John D. Daly presided at the meeting and
fulfilled tbe important position in a very
creditable manner. In Introducing Mr.
Crocker to his audience, he told of his
generosity to the workingmen. He said
Mr. Crocker gave $1500 to feed the men
who were toiling on a boulevard because
of lack of employment in the dreary day
of Democracy, when souphouses filled the
land. In part Mr. Daly satd:
"I want to Introduce the next Mayor
of San Francisco, Henry J. Crocker. (Ap
plause.) You can talk about Mr. Schmitz
and yon can talk about Mr. Lane, but
Henry J. Crocker is the man.' While Mr.
Lane may be a good, square, honest man
and Mr. Schmitz is a fine man and I have
nothing to say against him. Mr. Crocker
has proven himself a public benefactor.
When the workingmen were starving and
were laboring in the park for money to
buy food Mr. Crocker gave his check for
51300. Is there any record of Mr. Schmitz
or Mr. Lane doing anything for them?
A friend In need is a friend indeed. It Is
a. matter of record that Mr. Crocker did
this and we find no record of the other
two candidates doing anything."
Mr. Crocker was greeted with cheers and
he had to wait some time before the notae
subsided. He. then took the audience Into
his confidence and told them some things
in his usual modest way, that gained him
many new converts. In part he said:
NO BOSS CONTROLS HIM.
THE voters of Ocean View crowded
Murphy's Hall last night and
cheered for Henry J. Crocker, the
standard bearer of the Republican
Voters of Ocean
View Welcome
Crocker.
- RUEF-SCHMITZ ALLIANCE.
"We are' union men pure and simple,
but we are not members, of the Union
Labor, party/which is dominated by Abe
Ruef and'hls corrupt satellites. When a
party is degraded into a machine whose
sole aim seems to be the uplifting of a
man' like j Ruef and the accompanying
degradation of our city, we deem it our
duty to come out flat-footed, to leave no
doubt as to our attitude in the campaign,
and to make. a stand" once and for all
against Jinking, the . aspirations ' of union
labor with ¦ the names of Ruef and
Schmitz. .' • *- .."..-.
'.'In order to drive from public life both
Schmitz and Ruef, .In order to purse the
city, in order to rescue union labor from
the dangers that hem it in on every side,
we have-been forced. to select fcr our in
dorsement one of the two candidates op
posed to Sphmltz and Ruef. We occupy
the most favorable position for. getting
an accurate estimate r of ' the relative
strength of the candidates, and after due
deliberation have reached the conclusion
that the only man who can defeat Eugene
E. Schmttz and who can put an end to
the regime of the -unspeakable Ruef is
Henry J. Crocker.
"We have formed, ¦ thererore,- a- league
which intends to work for the election
of- Mr> Crocker and the defeat of Mr.
Schmitz. and Mr.- Ruef. -
"Henry J- Crocker \s an employer of
union • Vtbor and Is * a man whose name
has not ' been tainted - by " the - breath of
scandal. V\rmed with the Mayor's veto,
is .it probable; is it possible* that a r man
like Crocker, whose standing is so high
in the community, should allow San Fran
cisco to be humiliated by a repetition of
the* experiences- that have saddened the
advocates of *rood government In Minne
apolis arid in St. -Louis? The bare Idea Is
absurd "and , Is . not seriously considered
even by Mr. Crocker's "enemies. . "-'
V'Henry ; J. Crocker Is a mart of the peo
ple,* able. : experienced and • honest; • be Is
above the influence of petty politics and
isambltious to win - for : himself the en
comlums oft his fellow citizens by an ad
ministration "In strict^ adherence to the
provisions of \ the : charter and of ' sound
business judgment. -
CROCKER IS HONEST.
; "Nothing In. Mr. Crocker's life, nothing
Surely, if we have any pride In our city,
if we have any faith In municipal ad
vancement, we shall do everything In our
power to put an end to Schmitz, to Ruef,
and to all. the municipal scandals with
which the. names of Schmitz and Ruef
are indissolubly linked. In order to put
an end to Schmitz. In order to blot, out
forever from the city of San Francisco
the name of Ruef, we have formed what
Is now known as the Henry J. Crocker
Workingmen's League. The Henry J.
Crocker Workingmen's League Is com
posed of thousands of men engaged in the
different departments of the building in
dustry. These men, for vears past, have
allied themselves with the best Interests
of the city and with the various measures
which have been adopted from time to
time and which were calculated to re
dound to the success of all the people.
Because- of this fact these men have
pledged their unqualified support to the
uplifting of the city and for the time be
'thg have dismissed all political affilia
tions. .The object of the league also is to
put an end to the administration of Abe
Ruef, \rho has no use for union men ex
cept when he can utilize them to further
his political ' ends. Surely the object of
our organization is a worthy one. ; To
drive a man like Ruef from public life
Is well worthy of the efforts of any body
of men that are interested in good gov
ernment. ' • '• •
In order to. present a solid and impreg
nable'barrier to the campaign of bossism
and impending disaster to our-institu
tions, public .and private, the Henry J.
Crocker, .Workingmen's » League has been
formed.
years; Schmitz has been simply a pliant
tool in the hands of this dangerous boss.
If Schmitz is returned to power Ruef will
dominate this city with an Iron hand
that, in search for gold, will know neither
friend nor foe. Surely this is a consum
mation devoutly not to be wished . for.
To-n!ebt tbe Hotel Del Monte is a scene
cf brilliancy. The management of tbe
h'jtel put forward its best efforts and
tlte dinner served the guests of the Cali
fornia bankers embraced every delicacy
of the season. The din'.nr-room was
aplow with lights. A special orchestra
rendered music during dinner ajifi a con-
Cflft followed. In every part of the hotel
social parties gathered and the topics of
convertalion were the beauties of Cali
fornia's climate end the hospitality of
)i«?r people. The special excursion party
will return to Ban T*ranc!sco to-morrow
moi-nlne and from that city the visitors
will go to many parts of the State before
returning to their homes.
The representatives of the San Fran
cisco bankers' reception committee who
accompanied the excursion party here and
vtto took charge of the Rruests wer? James
K.- Wilson of the Ean Francisco National
¦Rank. Robert Altschul or the I^ondon,
Paris and American bank. Colonel E. F.
J3eck of the International Bank; Frank J.
fymmes. president of the Central Trust
Tompany; William Herrmann, German
la vines and Loan Society; J. K- Mofiltt,
BRILLIANT SCENE.
When Del Monte was reached all the
puests enjoyed lunch and then were taken
over the famous seventeen-mile drive.
Every vehicle in Del Monte, Monterey and
I.'aciflc Grove was utilized and on the re
turn trora the drive loud expressions were
heard on all Bides as to the beautfes and
charms of Del Monte. So impressed were
many cf ths visitors that a number will
rrmain here for come time.
Many .had not had an opportunity of
rrelrg- the scenery of California as the
overland trains on which they came from
the East passed through California at
right. Everything possible was done to
make the excursion trip a great success.
On the train coming down there were
flowers, refreshments and fruits in large
Q-iantlties and points of Interest were
explained by members of the reception
tommittee. The train stepped ten minutes
?.t San Joee and the citizens there sent
1-resents of fruits s.nd flowers to the train.
DEL MONTE. Oct. 24.— More than 200
visitors to Del Monte were entertained
here to-fiay as the guests of the bankers
.of California, the guests comprising dele
rates to the convention of the American
bankers* Association and their friends.
A special train of fourteen coaches left
Ean Franc'sco this morning with the hap
py travelers end the trip to Monterey
was a revelation tr> them.
MAKE MER2Y AT DEL MONTE
Hundreds cf Bankers Are Guests of
Local Entertainment Committee.
PROBLEMS that weigh In the
scales with millions worried the
visiting bankers but little yester
day. Questions of finance were
laid eside for the day and the
hospitality of the local entertainment
committee ttes enjoyed without restric
tion.
The eun had not been long up when
FpeeJal trains bearing the distinguished
quests rolled away on widely diverging
lines and the fields and vineyards, valleys
nnd mountains offered their fruits and
flowers for the enjoyment of the strang
ers.
At the Attl colony vineyards in Sonoma
County the raWnbers of one Jolly party
smacked lips over the rare wines that
have added to the fame of California.
They caw the picturesque Sonoma Val
ley at its best; the day was an Ideal one
end the excursionists thoroughly enjoyed
the trip.
The romantic beauties of Old Monterey
contributed to the enjoyment of another
party. Del Monte was the headquarter*
of the party, which will return to this
city this morning.
The New York bankers, traveling on
their famous "train <Ie luxe," also visited
Monterey and before leaving the State
uJll stop at Los Angeles and Santa Bar
bara and will then proceed East via Ariz
ona. Out over the clouds that hugged the
las* of Taraalpais other visitors surveyed
•the grand panorama that stretches on
every side. They will long remember the
tr^at. Stanford I'nSvttsity and San Jose
were inspected by still another delegation
that returned to this city last evening.
Expressions cf appreciation for the
courtesies extendc-d the bankers were
voiced by them on every side, though
their appreciation of California hospitality
was not cr-eatcr than their appreciation
*f California's resources, limited as were
their opportunities for observation.
¦ "Abe Ruef stands for all th^t is corrupt
in politics and Abe Ruef. owns .Eugene
E. Schmitz. body, and' soul.' Do we, the
f ree. citizens! Of « the most glorious city. In
the world,, intend- to, place in the, Mayor's
chair a : dictator .'whose god is the . al
mighty . dollar; and 'who | regards . a public
trust only as an opportunity . for" private
gain? ' ¦ Let. us ; face ; the : facts and ' see
things as they: are. Abe Ruef Is and has
been the Mayor of San Francisco for. two
RUEF FOR : CORRUPTION.
. "Citizens and .^dters.of the city and
county of San Francisco: -We, ; the officers
and-directors of . the Henry J. Crocker
Workingmen's League,- appeal . to you. to
beware of the dangers that are threaten
ing San Francisco. You have read of the
municipal scandals that- have disgraced
St. Louis,- Minneapolis and Philadelphia:
you- have- read of the systems of 'graft'
that, have "been sucking the • life-blood
from I these- cities. . Do you want in San
Francisco a- repetition ; of ¦ the scandals
that haVe made- St.* Louis, Minneapolis
and Philadelphia a byword? If so, return
Abe Rueftto power by re-electing Eugene
E. Schmitz, 1 ' our| so-called labor union
Mayor, j San Francisco \wlll then take her
place among, the most corrupt municipal
ities ; that 'have disgraced 'either this ,or
any-other country.. .'•'.; •
Assistant secretaries— C. P. *St. John,
felt and composition- roofer, and J. J.
Joell, carpet mechanic.
Treasurer— A. E. Field, elevator operator.
Directors — James Bell, mill man; Henry
Thieler, woodworker: William Reeves,
sheet metal worker;. William O'Donnell,
hpdearrier; I* Morrison, carpenter; J.
Smith, " electrician; F. Ne'ssler, elevator
constructor; J. Staples, hou3emover; J.
W. Murphy,' elevator, operator;' Ed White,
tile roofer; F.. Connor, shadeworker; S.
T. Arnold, varnlsher arid polisher; B. E.
Powers, team driver; J. Lownie. metal
worker :."J. .E.- Durham, brickmaker; H.
I^ammerer, electrician; A. E. Smith,
painter; John. Johnson, team driver; W.
C. ; French,, ironworker; J. Stapleton.
plaster caster; J. : Dolly, cement worker;
E. .King,, elevator operator; S. Grosslicht,
glassworker; H. E. Andrews, painter: .J.
Coefleld, plumber;'. William Joy, shingler;
j. Dunn, | lather; George Fisher, roofer;
F. H.'Lynn, electrician; E. F. Henzel,
electrical worker; John Beale, tentmaker;
W. Harvey,' elevator operator; J..T. Stew
art,' engineer; vW alter. O'Connor, plumber;
Fred Sharpe, fixture hanger; TVY E.
Evans, millwright; Romeo Maino, mosaic
worker; T. Ul^aker, cement worker; A. L.
Hollls, carpenter; T. ; Farmer, mlllman;
A. Chesncy,' carpenter; H. Rumstch, Iron
worker;; A. Alexander, furniture handler;
John .'Cummlngs, teamster; J. FeHlIman,
plasterer; J. Salanave, carpenter ; Ed No
lan,, bricklayer;- R. Tharie, ,teamster; : J.
Dennis.- sheet .metal roofer,, and C. P.
Penn,; sheet metal worker. -
The league has issued the following ad
dress: ¦¦ • -.¦"• ;.<'• ¦ ¦ • ¦• ¦ , \ i ¦ '"¦' . ¦
Vice presidents— J. Hammersley, elec
trical worker; Charles A. Nelson, carpen
ter; Emmett Brannan, bricklayer; Joseph
McAuliffe, plumber; E. C. Travis, roofer;
Robert McCann, engineer, and C. M. Hay
bleT'polisher. -.¦
Secretary— A. E. Yoell. electrical worker.
The Crocker "Workingmen's League has
perfected its organization by electing the
following ' named officers :
President— F. P. Nicholas, carpenter.
composed of thousands of men en
gaged in the building industry. Issued an
address to fellow workers of the local in
dustrial-field. This address is given here
with. Initial steps for the formation of
the league were taken early in the cam
paign and it was then resolved that the
powerful strength, .of . the organization
should be cast for a. candidate who could
defeat Ruef's man Schmitz and give to
the city "a: creditable administration of
municipal affairs. . From . day to day the
league increased in membership... The
trend of campaign events clearly^ demon
strated to the workingmen that Crocker's
prospects of success were steadily grow
ing brighter, while Lane's chance was
not much more than a remote \ glimmer.
Moreover, Henry J. Crocker's record was
carefully and impartially reviewed. The
result of the investigation is a declaration
upon the part of a very large and influ
ential army of workingmen that the Re
publican nominee should be elected Mayor
of San . Francisco. The reasons for the
supreme . confidence . of the Republican
Campaign Committee, as to the result of
the election are now obvious.
OFFICERS OF LEAGUE.
THE great swing of voting strength
to Henry J. Crocker Is taking
place. Yesterday the Henry- J.
' Crocker Worklngmen's League,
It was stated in the circular that nine
tenths of the teachers must sign the new
1 agreement to make it binding. The Board
of Education was much chagrined to find
later. than less'than one-half of the teach
ers in the, department were willinc to
double their contribution and the, plan
fell through. Now the result will be that
the annuitants 'will' suffer a, loss of $5 or
perhaps $10 in their monthly . annuity:
There is no remedy for the case, either,
except iri the manner outlined in the cir
cular issued by. the. board.
The report of the ' City Treasurer for
the quarter ending September 30, which
has Just been made public, shows ' the
actual condition of 'the fund, the greater
portion of which is' in the permanent
fund and cannot be "used to pay annui
ties until it amounts to $50,000,. and then
only the interest thereon can be applied
to annuities. .The figures follow:
Total amount . in fund ' .$26,SSi 27
On deposit in Security Sav
ings Bank ....$6,83171
On deposit in German Sav-. •
Ingfl Bank * 6.2S4 C3
On . deposit In VHlbcrnla ' +>' ,¦'•:.
Savings Bank . . . . . .' 5,363 25
On deposit trt Mutual Sav- - - .
ings Bank ...;..i-..:±..- 2,012 82
Balance Jn.City and Coun-, - . • ,
ty Treasury ....... ~ . . 6,392 16— $26,88* 27
A serious condition confronts the teach
ers of the Pubilc School Department who
have been retired on annuities, ¦ for the
reason that at th« present rate of ex
penditures for the purpose a deficit is im
•pendlng, which will compel a , material
reduction In the amount paid monthly to
each individual annuitant. The situation
was not improved by the fact that at a
meeting of tb^e Teachers' Annuity and
Retirement Committee held ... yesterday
Miss Laicrezia. Burnham of 'the Horace
Mann School was at her own request rec
ommended to the Board of Education for
retirement on an annuity.
With Miss Burnham's retirement there
are forty _ teachers who are now paid
monthly annuities. Twenty-eight, of
these are paid the maximum of $30 per
month and twelve are paid various
amounts based on a pro rata for services
rendered, they not having served the full
period of thirty years In order to be en
titled to the maximum annuity.
The teachers in the School Department
to a number of S39 pay the sum of $1
monthly each' for t the support' of the an
nuity fund. Three-fourths of this sum
is used to pay annuities and the other
fourth goes into a permanent fund, which
has been limited to. the Bum of $50,000.
The monthly incom^ which can be util
ized for the payment of annuities is there
fore # but $704 25, which, with interest from
moneys In bank, is Increased to $931 35,
but this sum. 'Is inadequate to- pay 'the
annuities of the forty teachers . on the
list, as tb® permanent fund -cannot. -be
irseft"for. tH&rpirtposeV. ¦ : ~. t% ,~ ' •'. :
MUST REDTJCE ANNTTITIES.
The Teachers' Retirement and Annuity
Fund ConxmiS6loners, composed of Mayor
Schmitz, Treasurer. McDougald and Su
perintendent of Schools I I^angdon, are
consequently 1 confronted with the dis
agreeable duty of reducing CTie annuities
of the retired teachers in order to. bring
the total expenditures within the income.
It is almpst certain Hhat unless the ac
tive teachers themselves come to the res
cue the maximum annuity that can be
allowed in future will be but $25 monthly
and may go as low as $20. Those who are
drawing a pro rata for services rendered
will experience a corresponding reduc
tion in their annuities, owing to the def
icit in the fund.
On© reason why the income is not suf
ficient to ' pay the maximum pension al
lowed by, law is due',to.the fact that 134
teachers in- the department do not pay
their 'monthly duesvbf T$l into the fund.
The sum so cellected would be sufficient
to pay nearly \ five annuitants. Some
time ago. the Board of Education, fully
alive to the prospective deficit, issued a
circular calling o"n the active teachers to
contribute $2 monthly: to the fund Instead
of $1. \ This would create an income (with
939 teachers. contributing) of $140S CO to the
annuity fund and $469 50 to the perma
nent fund every month. The* first named
sum would be more than sufficient to pay
each annuitant the 'maximum annuity.
TEACHERS NOT WILLING. '
Retirement Commission Confronted
With Serious Difficulty for Which
Tl^ere Appears to Be No *
. Remedy.
Some Tutors in Department
. Fail to Make, Monthly
Contributions.
Reduced.
Pedagogues Must Be
Maximum Paid to Ex-
ANNUITY FUND
OF TEACHERS
IS DEFICIENT
Continued on Pag© 36, Columa 3.
Pages®o^l8
rages o3to 48Judge Joachlmson, candidate for Police 1 *
Judge, paid hi£h tributes to Edwin M.
"Now I don't attempt to make an airy
speech. I simply talk to you us>I would
talk to you on the streets and aa I. have
talked to you when I am talking'to you
in this district, ' and as I will" talk to'you
after lam elected Mayor, when I ¦ come
around to see the people and ask them
what they want and what they think of
my administration. I ! thank you very
much' for your close 'attention." (Ap
plause.) • .
Maxwell McNutt, candidate for Super
visor, made a manly talk to the voters
of the district. He- told them he was
alive to their needs and if elected"Super
visor he would see that certain improve
ments would be made in; the district. He
also told the assemblage '.that 1 it was due
to his efforts as an attorney for.a.news
paper . that the delinquent tax 'suits
brought , by . the Tax Collector were
knocked .out in' the courts and hundreds
of poor' people were saved/from paying,
bills arbitrarily made out by the Tax
Collector. . . • ..."
MAKES NO AIRY SPEECH.
thing, but I shall with a free conscience
nominate and put into office commissioiv
ers who shall be selected from the people
in the class they represent and whom I
hope will do me justice and the people
Justice by acting in the same- spirit fin
which you and I would have them act.
"I appreciate sincerely the honor ten
dered me by the people of San Francisco
at this time. I mn young tnoueh and
energretic enough and cool-headed enough
to do what- 1 promise you I'll dc. Every
promise I have made has been entirely
to the voters of San Francisco and to
no one else. You know what large sums
of money are to be expended for public
Improvements during, the next two years.
Proper places must be selected where
schools are to be built; where streets
shall be made and where ijewera shall be
maintained. You people are Interested in
this work and want to see the work hon
estly done. It means work for the work
ingmen of this district: it means better
conditions for the dwellers of this dis
trict and it means that if you can get
the expenditure of that money in an hon
est way the city will at least- get
the results of honest labor. It. means
good times for California: It means good
times particularly for San Francisco, and
it means that if you cin get a good set
of officials in the City Hall you will main
tain that Integrity which you so desire
and you w,ill have one of the , best gov
erned' cities in the United States. .
Continued From Page 35, Column 7.
HOLDS PACKED MEETING.
Mayor Schmitz Addresses Voters at
Duveneck's Hall.
Mayor Schmitz spoke to a packed meet
ing of Union Labor party men last night
at Duveneck's Hall, 3008 Twenty-fourth
street. The meeting was highly enthus
iastic and when the Mayor appeared It
was several minutes before the cheering
subsided sufficiently for him to be heard.
He spoke in the usual vein of his cam
paign orations, pointing to the fact that
Industrial lines during his administration
had been peculiarly prosperous. He re
verted to the increase in building opera
tions, with the increased wages accru
ing to men engaged' in that occupation
and assured his hearers that his election
presaged a continuation of the present
conditions.
He emphasized his position of trying to
act as an intermediary between employer
and employe, stating that his <fiim had
been not to uphold the laborer in unjust
contentions, but to adjudicate disputes
with the single idea of justice to both
sides and claimed that during his admin
istration he had succeeded in settling
many important strikes by bringing the
contending parties to an equitable basis
of understanding.
Nearly all of the candidates on the
Union Labor ticket preceded the Mayor
with short addresses. An attempt was
made to continue the meeting after he
had finished, but the great majority of
the crowd followed him out of the hall.
Eyton Will Beferee the Fight.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 24. — The advance
sale for the Johnson-McVey fight Tues
day night has been unprecedented and
Manager McCarcy expects a $10,000
house. All the best seats in the house
have been sold. The betting thus far has
been light. . A, few small wagers were
made to-day at odds of 10 to 8, Charles
Ejton has been chosen referee.
ENTHUSIASM HI CROCKER MEETINGS
Lane cannot draw support from the
ranks of the workmen of San Francisco,
but Henry J. Crocker has successfully
invaded the labor field. Intelligence of
the organization of the Henry J. Crocker
Workingmen's League creates consterna
tion in the camp of Schmitz and Ruef.
Thousands of active workingmen have al
ready Joined the league.
In search of political support Lane next
turned to the liberal German element of
citizenship. He attended a German social
gathering at Eintracht Hall one Sunday
evening. Mayor Schmitz also attended
the same meeting. Both candidates were
introduced to the audience. Schmitz was
greeted with marked cordiality. Lane's
appearance did not evoke applause. When
his name was mentioned the silence was
almost oppressive. Candidate Lane, per
ceiving that he must look elsewhere for
enthusiastic support, turned his attention
to the Ministerial Union, and. now, with
the moral influence of the McNab morn
ing-press behind him, he is soliciting the
indorsement of local clergymen.
There may be some .Democrats of the
Ingenuous sort who entertain the notion
that Lane possesses positive strength'. If
they want to know the truth concerning
Lane's chances, let them ask what As
sembly district he can carry. The Repub
licans will win in the Thirty-fourth,
Thirty-fifth, Thirty-seventh, Thirty
eighth, Thirty-ninth, Fortieth, Forty
first, Forty-second and Forty-third.
Schm'tz is stronger than Lane in the
Twenty- ninths . Thirtieth, ' Thirty-first,
Thirty-second and F.orty'-flfth.' There is
Just a possibility that Lane may carry
the Twenty-eighth District, as Boss Mar
tin Kelly is behind him.
When the clergymen indorse Lane they
will of course include Kelly in the" in
dorsement, because no one stands in
greater need of a clean bill of moral
health than Lane's chief lieutenant, Boss
Martin Kelly of the old Twenty-eighth.
The boss has possession of the old roll
of the Republican Mutual Alliance, and it
is understood that he is ready to use it
as a campaign document and publish the
names thereon as supporters of the Demo
cratic nominee for Mayor. It Is. common
knowledge that the Alliance and the Pri
mary League were consolidated into the
United .Republican League. The only
thing left for Boss Kelly was the roll of
membership, and he Is quite at liberty to
present the same to Candidate Lane.
Sam Rainey cannot very well Join hlB
old partner Kelly in presenting this testi
monial of boss esteem to Franklin Kandl
date Lane, because the enterprising
Samuel is doing Fire Department politics
for Ruefs versatile friend, Mayor
Schmitz.
Lane is weak and is getting weaker.
Early in the campaign his supporters ad
vertised that a Lane Union\ Labor club
would be organized at Turk-street Tem
ple. On the night appointed for the or
ganization Lane expected a large audi
ence, but by actual count only twenty
men attended. The. raid on Schmitz's
forces was a failure. No other effort has
been made by Lane's manager to organize
a labor club.
The Call is in possession of trustworthy
information that the union labor men.are
not deserting their own party and going
back to the Democratic camp. Such talk
is McNab buncombe. The Schmitz follow
ing is still formidable. The Mayor him
self Is appealing to class prejudice for
support .
and the "whirlwind finish" for
Lane do not diminish the odds In Crock
er's favor. The Republican campaign
committee, W. J. Dutton chairman, holds
daily sessions. The committee is In con
stant touch with the party workers in
every district of San Francisco. The in
formation brought to headquarters con
vinces the committee that the fight for
Crocker is already won. A member of
the committee remarked yesterday: "We
know that Crocker will be elected. The
battle is won, but this knowledge will not
cause any cessation of work on behalf of
the ticket, We are also of the opinion
that Henry H. Lynch will win in the
hard fight for Sheriff, and that Judge
Bahrs will succeed Dr. Dodge in the As
sessor's office. Positive information is at
hand that many Democrats of prom
inence and influence are lending their sup
port to Henry J. Crocker. There are sev
eral good and sufficient reasons why we
tfo not give out the Democratic list for
publication." ' "
HENRY J. CROCKER, Republican
nominee for Mayor, is slated as
the winner by the betting frater
nity. The shouting for Schmitz
palgn purposes and gladly turned it over
to him. Mr. Daly's indorsement of Ash
er*s action earned the latter a'great deal
of applause when he appeared before the
crowd. Asher made a good talk and was
promised many votes from the residents
of Ocean View.
Fred N. Bent, candidate for Supervisor;
Dr. Morris, candidate for Coroner; A. Van
der Nalllen and others addressed the
meeting.. . I ' „•
REPUBLICAN- RALLIES.
Union League . Meeting at Alhambra
. v Th.4a.ter To- Marrow Night.
The meeting at the Alhambra. Theater
to-morf ow> evening under the allspices of
the Unjon League Club 'premises to be a
great rally for the Republican cause.
.Colonel Georgo H. . Pippy,\ : president of
the league, will call the meeting to order
and introduce General George '$tone, the
chairman of the evening. Governor
George C. Pardee, Duncan E. McKinlay
and Henry J. [ Crocker will address the
audience. The Dirigo Club will march
"from the' Union League to the Alhambra
Theater. Campaign songs will be sung
by the Union League Quartet. ¦
Next . Tuesday evening at Apollo Hall.
810 Pacific . street, there will be a grand
Republican mass meeting of colored citi
zens under the auspices of. the Afro-
American League of San Francisco. S.
M. Davison is president and S. C. Rogers
secretary of the league. The audience
will, be : addressed by Henry J. Crocker
and other candidates on the Republican
ticket* G. W. Wlckliffe will also speak.
The Republicans of the Thirty-seventh
District are planning for a great demon
stration next Tuesday evening," the 27th
inst. The two large halls in the Phelps
building, ,315 and 319 Devlsadero street,
have 'been -secured and meetings will be
: held simultaneously,. and possibly an over
flow meeting will be held at Republican
headquarters, .414 Devlsadero street. Ac
commodations ¦ will , be provided for at
least 1000. people. . '
: The!, Republicans, of this .district say
they will surprise the public with the size
'of the majority they , will roll up for
; Crocker and the entire Republican ticket.
All. the candidates will be present and the
meeting will.be addressed by Frank Mc
; Gowan, E. I. Wolfe. A. G. Fisk, Henry J.
Crocker,. General E. S. Salomon, W. J.
Ruddiek, George H. Bahrs and the candi
dates.- Music, bonfires, skyrockets, etc..
: will" notify the : voters of this banner Re
i publican district that- victory is in the air.
Voting Machines.
} The Registrar will have' on exhibition
; in 'his office on Wednesday a voting ma
chine which has been perrected for use
| in r San Francisco. -There has been some
doubt as to the . possibility of arranging
a machine that would permit of voters
making a selection 'of eighteen Super
visors at will from seventy-two nominees,
but this obstacle has been overcome. v The
Board of Election Commissioners had
hoped to use the voting machines at the
municipal election, November 3, 1903, but
the fact of their not being available for
the selection of the numt>er of Super
visors to be elected prevented their use.
Now that this obstacle is removed they
hope to have them, in operation at the
Presidential election in 1904, and in all
future elections, introducing them grad
ually throughout the city. On election
day, 'November 3, 1903, the election depart
ment-will ¦ have the machine in a booth
on, Hyde street, near the City Hall, with
a staff of clerks to explain , the working
of the same. The representatives of the
press and the;^Merchants' Association
and citizens generally who are interested
in this remarkable improvement ' on" the
present methods of voting will have • an
opportunity to learn its utility. •
The Liquor Dealers.
The California Liquor Dealers . and the
Knights of the Royal Arch have appoint
ed a committee ef fourteen to conduct the
campaign on behalf of the liquor dealers.
The committee is composed oi seven mem
bers from each organization. Jesse E.
Marks is president and- William Rice.sec
retary. Spacious rooms in the Baldwin
annex have been engaged for campaign
headquarters. The liquor dealers have not
indorsed any candidate for Mayor. There
are twenty-two directors. Twelve are
known to be for Crocker, six for Schmitz
and four for Lane. -'
All for Aigeltinger.
The members of the San Francisco
Driving Club held their annual meeting
and banquet last night In Mission Opera
house. The guest of honor was Edward
H. Aigeltinger, a Republican, nominee for
Supervisor, whom they strongly indorsed
for the office. It was decided to parade
next Saturday night- In conjunction with
the Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion in honor of Mr. Aigeltinger. The
meeting was attended by about 150 mem
bers. Joseph McTigue is president of
the club,. Thomas Douglas secretary and
Thomas Corcoran treasurer. - ,
Nyland Club Organized.
Friends of Joseph S. Nyland, Repub
lican candidate for Supervisor, met last
evening in tHe Alcazar building . and
formed a Nyland Club. P. J. Grey was
elected president and W. J. Guilfovle sec
retary. Remarks were made, by Rteve -V.
Costello, Fred V. Meyers, labor ' commis
sioner; Fred Lundsted, Robert O'Rielly,
Albert B. Craw." J.'H. Belser, A. Duffee
and others. Two hundred members signed
the role. ;
Edward H. Gleason.
. This popular candidate for Supervisor
has a host of friends- making- an active
fight for his election. He is a brother of
John J. Gleason, the widely known lead
er of the OJympic. Club. ' - ' *
MANY NEW STABLES
WILL'' B.ACE AT OAKLAND
Unusual Number of Owners Will
Come West This Year for
the First Time.
Many applications for stalls have been
made to the officials of the New California
Jockey Club by owners who have never
raced here before. ¦¦'•'¦¦
A wire' was received yesterday announc
ing that C.VA. Johnson '& Co. will. come
West with ten horses. James McAllister
& Co. .will '"bring 1 Kubelik, Carat. and two
other3. Wade'McLamore, who -raced at
the Bay District track, will bring Cursus
and Dolly. Haymond. '
Juan Fennell, one of the best of the
lightweight jockeys about Chicago,: will
come with this string.- Another good boy
Is Higgins, who rides, for. C. T. Henschet.
The stake entry list will : be the largest
ever received by the club. The programme
for the first week will .be issued shortly.
Barney Oldfield En BouteVWest.
Word was "received in this city yester
day by E. P. Brinegar that Barney Old
field, thegreat racing mqtoris^, is en route
West.'; He was", at ' Denver, yesterday ', and
will arrive here November 1. >. .;'-.. .
If Ingleslde track proves fast he expects
to break all records' up "to, fifteen miles. ,
Oldfield also- wants to. try ;fdr the.. miles
straightaway record on the road while he
is '-here if a/ suitable course .could be^se
cured.: ..'-.', '¦'< .¦:-]. .. ; :> i"-\V •'••'--•]«'•¦ !*"-¦ . .
There is no trolley. to the moon, but one
may be transported to heaven by "the
tra-la-la-lee of a sweet singer.
"A Union Labor party was formed two
years ago at a convention composed cf
representatives from various labor or
ganizations. It was thought at the time
"Our duty is plain. We must cast from
our municipal temple the money grabbing
Ruef: we must drive from power Eugene
E. Schmitz, who is Ruefs partner, and
we must scatter the band of 'grafters'
that have helped to make the Schmitz-
Ruef administration Fmell to heaven.
With increased power and with Ruef
owning all the commissions, the number
of thes<> 'grafters' will Increase and mul
tiply. The public is familiar with the
Men-hon scandal; the public knows all
about the scandal which is linked to the
name of Parry, the doormat of Abe Ruef;
the public knows who drove out Mahoney
end who appointed Drinkhouse to the Po
lice Commission. Return Abe Ruef to
power and there will be a repetition all
down the line of the scandalous appoint
ments. Do the citizens of San Francisco
want an exaggeration of the Mershon.
the Parry and the Drinkhouse scandals?
Thes-e appointments are only the enter
ing wedge to the grand system of 'graft'
that has crowned St. Louis and Minne
apolis with Infamy.
"Of the twenty-two Ruef appointees
only four or five are union men: the oth
ers never saw a union and never did any
thing for the union cause. And yet on
the Schmitz banners we read the words
"Trifd and true." True to whom? To
the unions? Surely not. if we can reach
any conclusion from the list of ap
pointees. To whom then is Schmitz true?
To Abe Ruef. who is bending all his en
ergies to build up In San Francisco a
system that will make the 'grafters' of
St. Louis and Minneapolis hide their di
minished heads.
LABOR'S DUTY PLAIN.
"San Francisco is on the eve of great
progress. The bend issues will cive to
the city an impetus that it has never
experienced before. It is our plain duty
:o help along this movement and not to
pive over the city to a band of political
sharpers who, supported by every influ
ence for evil, and who. glutted with pow
er and freed from the restraints of law.
will make San Francisco a byword
imong the cities of the world. We be
iieve that the reaction from prosperous
times has already bepun; we believe that
¦we should do everything In our power
:lo let the hitter cup of dull times pass
from this <itv. and we believe that, to
accomplish this end, we must elect Henry
J. Crocker.
"But apart from Mr. Crocker's personal
quaUttcations for the position to which he
aspires we who are engaged in the build
h)S industry are peculiarly interested in
Ms candidacy. Those of us who have ob
•enred the signs of the times cannot but
nave reached the conclusion that hard
;irnes are coming and that during the
next two years there will be a lull in all
the industries affecting the building
trades. 'If. as we believe, the election of
rrocker will have a tendency to minimize
'.ocally the hardships begotten by the
contraction of the money market and by
the reaction that follows an era of in
flated prosperity, surely we should be the
last" to throw any impediments in the
way.
in his record as a business man Is In
dicative even of an inclination to be
derelict in any duty that has been Im
posed upon him. Honest in his dealings
with his fellow men. Just toward labor,
an Ideal family nun, we see no reason
ivhy Mr. Crocker should not make one of
the best Mayors that have ever guided the
destinies of San Francisco. We have It
on the authority of Mr. Crocker himself
5 hat he is not the bufinoss man's candi
date for Mayor, but that he is the can
didate-of all the people.
F. G. Wilson called the meeting to or
der and Joseph E. O'Donnell- acted as
chairman. Among the other speakers
were Thomas Hlckey, "Billy" Hynes, W.
6. Webster, L. F. Byington, Judge Ca
baniss, Judge Mogan and A. H. Wehe.
The Columbia Quartet, composed of.J.
H. Davies, Fred Grifflng, James E. Dona
hue and Robert E. Davis, enlivened the
proceedings with a number of fine vocal
selections.
"I believe in high wages and I believe
in hard work. And now I want to entreat
you all to look well into the characters
and purposes of all the different candi
dates before you cast your ballots and
pick out those who will give you a good,
clean government, which will be an honor
to the city and to the future generations
to follow." i
"This is a great city and it is going to
be. greater. I want to see improvements
en all sides and I want all good citizens
to come forward and eupport this ticket,
which if elected will see that the right
foundation is laid for tne stepping stone
to the greater San Francisco. The op
portunities for the beautifying of this city
are unlimited, and we must see that every
opportunity is utilized for the develop
ment of this beauty. We are progressing
fast. The eyes of the whole' country are
turned upon this city by the Golden Gate.
The country Is watching this election
with great interest.
"Let us show them that from now on
we are going to have a good, clean gov
ernment; let us show them that we have
no boss: let us show them that we have
men in office here who own themselves
and are not owned by others. Let us
show them that we have no Abe Ruef
in our party. And I want to cay right
here, and I want to say it emphatically,
that if you want a government to be run
by a class or run by any political boss,
then you don't want me.
"I want you all here, irrespective of
your political affiliations, to break away
from the bonds of party and vote for San
Francisco and the welfare of San Fran
cisco, and to do this you must cast your
ballot for the men whose names are on
the Democratic ticket, which ticket I
have the honor to head. I am simply tell
ing you the plain truth when I say that I
am here in this fight for the good of this
city and its future welfare, and not for
any personal aggrandizement. I wonder
what Abraham Lincoln would say If he
were alive to-day and knew that in some
of these campaign meetings of our-op
ponents beer had been freely passed
among the auditors. I wonder what Lin
coln would say if he knew that the civil
service questions had been sold prior to
the examinations.
"I, want to see more playgrounds . for
our children. I want to see fine school
houses. I want to see the money spent
to the very best advantage. This city
in a few years hence will have a popu
lation of 1.000,000 people. I want to in
dorse my friend, W. W. Sanderson, for
he is an honest man and well qualified
to fill the position to which he has re
ceived the nomination.
"I want to brand the. statement of Van
Duser that I received a portion of that
$25,000 the city appropriated to fight the
case in the question of the Spring Valley
Water Works as an absolute falsehood.
I suppose I sha*ll be compelled to let the
jackass bray.
Franklin K. Lane addressed a great
crowd of voters of the Forty-thinlikAs
sembly District at the Alhambra Theater
last night. In the audience were many
representative people of the community
and men of affairs, who took a keen inter
est in the proceedings.
He opened up his remarks by saying: "I
know what is uppermost in your minds,
and th'at is the question. 'Who will win?'
It is not F. K. Lane who you want to
have win this election; it is the policy of
the true standard Democratic party that
you want to have win. The Chronicle has
recently been attacking me in regard to
my decisions in certain cases. I want to
say right here that none of us are infal
lible, but I do say if at any time I have
erred in Judgment I have always done
what I thought was right, and that is
the principle I have always worked on,
and If I am elected Mayor of >his great
municipality that is the principle I shall
maintain from start to .finish.
"The Supreme Court has not reversed a
tingle question that I have passed on.
Democratic Candidate for Mayor Ad
dresses Audience at Alhambra.
XANE»S CAMPAIGN.
"Let us look back, late though it be.
Let us think of what the Union Labor
party was, not of what the Union Labor
party is. Two years ago the unions were
emerging from great struggles, from stu
pendous difficulties. A party was formed
—a party based on principles that ema
nate from a lofty patriotism. What has
become of this party? What relation does
It bear to union labor? A party that
sprang from lofty Ideals, from pure pur
poses and from a faith in human nature,
has become the catspaw of Ruef and
Schmitz and has been made the entering
wedge of one of the greatest systems of
municipal evils that ever disgraced a re
spectable city. Let us draw the curtain on
this pitiful sight, let us take courage and
fight for the cause of union labor by de
feating Schmitz and by relegating the un
speakable Ruef to the obscurity from
which he should never have emerged."
that the formation of the Labor party
would best subserve the Interests of or
ganized labor. If the party had been able
to carry out the promises which heralded
its birth the organization of a Henry J.
Crocker Workingmen's League would
have been unnecessary. But, as was pre
dicted at the time, the Union Labor party
was destined to become the victim of in
triguing, unscrupulous and unpatriotic
political manipulators. *•
• Fred • Eggers spoke in his own behalf.
He reiterated that he was ; a union man
and stood for unionism in; the .strictest
sense of the word. Mr. Eggers modestly
dwelt on "what he had done for this city
as a member of the .Board of, Supervisors
and appealed to : the -voters to re-elect
him. He also advocated the election" of
every candidate on ; the ticket. -V;
Maurice ' Asher was paid a high tribute
by Chairman Daly, who said he was once'
defeated ;for. the. office", of and
when ¦; he'\ had ' not i a ' dollar ; left •', in;. the
world Asher. came to him and said that he
still had $.100 in his possession for cam-
. , M. J. Linehan. a bright young Repub
lican, spoke in behalf of his friend, Ed
ward H. Algeltinger, who is a candidate
for; election as a member of the Board
of Supervisors. , Mr. Linehan paid some
high tributes to Mr. Aigeltinger. He told
of the splendid work he had done while
a member of the board and what the resi
dents of Ocean View owed him for bring
ing about needed improvements in their
midst. \ Mr. Linehan spoke ' forcibly and
well and gained many. votes for Mr. Algel
tinger. V ; • . •• . ¦-¦•
When Judge Bahrs had concluded his
scorching criticism of the Incumbent the
voters cheered lustily for him. He was
compelled to leave the hall and attend
another meeting, and as he moved down
the stairs the cheers of the Ocean View
residents rang in his ears.,
William E. Lutz, candidate for Public
Administrator, was introduced to the
gathering and made a hit. He talked
plainly, to the assembled voters. He as
sured the citizens that he was no come
dian.and could not entertain them with a
laughing song or tell them funny stories.
He was simply a veteran of the Civil War
who had lived among the people of this
city for a score of years and during that
time had always lived an upright life. He
said 'he was a candidate for. Public " Ad
ministrator and If he was elected. the of
fice would be conducted in a businesslike
and honorable manner.
LTJTZ DOES NOT SING.
Judge George H. Bahrs made another
of his characteristic speeches in support
cf his candidacy as Assessor of this city
and county. The Judge his recovered the
use of his voice again and 1b again deliv
ering vigorous speeches against his opjx>
nent. He does not mince words and up
to date has torn a few more pages out of
the record pf Dr.. Washington Dodge.
Within the past five days the "George H.
Volunteers," which was inaugu
rated with ten members, has grown to a
membership of 12,000 and will undoubtedly
reach "a membership of 23,000 before elec^
tlon day. These members have- signed a
roll to use all honorable methods and
means to secure the electloh of'the Judge.
In his speech, to the voters of Ocean View
last night. Judge Bahrs said:
"There never was a time in the history
of the Republican party, so .far as mu
nicipal politics are concerned, where the
prospects for the party's success were as
propitious as they are now. Wherever you
go the Indications point in the same di
rection. We have many attended meet
ings throughout the city, every one > of
which was: crowded to the doors and In
which the: enthusiasm was unmeasured
and the public- seemed to be waiting but
for an . opportunity to give, final expres
sion to it. . The history of the Republican
party! of- the United States Is- the history
<* the ..United States. The inspiration and
the mainspring of that success is to be
found in the slogan 'Protection to*Ameri
can labor and American Industries.'
"In this municipal campaign we , can
have the slogan of protection— protection
to the taxpayer. The protection of which
I speak will be wielded In the greatest
measure .by*. the man who occupies the
Mayor!s chair. The Mayor's office is, in
deed, a complicated piece of machinery,
which .may be best represented to the
mind by' the mechanism of the wheel. The
Mayor represents the hub and the various
municipal -officers the spikes. There may
be a weak spoke here and there and- yet
the substantial strength of the wheel be
not Impalred;;but let the hub be insecure,
of weak material, and the wheel is unseri
viceable. So it is with the office of Mayer.
If the right man is -chosen the municipal
wheel will be serviceable; if he is not, it
will be useless. Surveying the whole po
litical field, it appears to me that there is
no man who is better qualified to occupy
the part of the hub of this wheel than the
Hon. Henry J. Crocker. (Applause.)
"Now a few words for myself. I was
nominated at a time when the sentiment
was universal throughout the city that'
my opponent was practically invincible. I
was not discouraged or disheartened by
any such remark, because I was satisfied
that that rumor was being industriously
circulated by no one other than Dr.
Washington Dodge and cohorts. I felt
that with the nomination of the Republi
can party went the pledge of the party to
support the nominee. The Democratic
standard bearer in his opening speech ad
mitted that the Republican party, was
numerically the strongest in this city and
county of San Francisco. If this be .true
and there is any merit in the pledge of the
party then in God's name how can the
Republican ticket be defeated? (Ap
plause).
"Aside from his claim of invincibility
he has placed himself upon the pedestal
and thrown about himself a mantle ap
parently of immaculate purity. Let us
tear out a page or . two of his political
record and see If he, is Justly entitled to
assume that virtuous position. Dr. Dodge
was himself one of those who evolved
that provision of the charter which, pro
vided that the Assessor should be paid
$4000 a year in full compensation for all
his services. This provision of the charter
was ingrafted therein for the purpose of
substituting the conditions which were in
vogue in the consolidation act, namely,
which gave the Assessor $8000 a year sal
ary besides 15 per cent of the poll tax
collections, amounting to $16,000 a year.
Being elected upon a platform pledging
him to support that new charter, he was
certainly the last person any honorable
man would find an opponent of the char
ter. But the very first thing he did on
getting into office was to appropriate to
himself the sum of $16,000 per year, which
in the aggregate of his term would have
amounted to $64,000, and he would have
appropriated this entire amount to him
self had not the Supreme Court of Call
fornia said to him, 'Dr. Dodge, that
money does not belong to you; it belongs
to the city and county and you must dis
gorge it.'
"I might cite other indications of his
violation of the charter, but this will suf
fice, for a man who will commit such a
violation of his pledge Is fully competent
and capable of violating many others.
"Dr. Washington Dodge has sent thou
sands of circulars to the taxpayers of this
city, informing them that he had reduced
their taxes and demanding of them the
return favor of their vote. If he Justly
reduced the taxation, he did the taxpay
ers no favor. If he did not, he granted
them a favor at the expense of the other
taxpayers, and thereby he has forfeited
the favorable consideration of the voters."
(Great applause and ,. cheers for Judge
Bahrs.)
BAHRS SUBB OF SUCCESS.
Robert A. Vance, candidate for Super
visor, Bald he had the Interests of the city
at heart and wanted to see It progress.
He. hoped ..he might be elected, that he
might do his share in making the city one
of the finest in the Union.
Sweeney, his colleague on the ticket, and
Percy V. Long, nominee for City Attor
ney, who are confined to their homes and
are unable to make a vigorous campaign
In their own behalf. The Judge also told
about his past record and appealed to the
voters to support him If they thought he
merited It. He also asked that they sup
port the entire ticket.
Republicans Will
Stand by the
Ticket.
Continued From Page 35, Column 6.
THE SAN FI? AN CISCO .- CALL,: SUNDAY, -OCTOBER 25, 1903.
WORKINGMEN MAKE HE^RY J. /CROCKER'S ELECTION A CERTAINTY
. BY DECLARING HIM THEIR CHOICE AS MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO
36
BAJXWAY TRAVEL.
f 6ALIF0RN.A 1
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO H
B Leaves ilondays and Thursdays H
jH at 8:30 a. m. f through ¦>* 8 days, |
H with diner and all trappings. B
Other Santa Fe Trains :
JiS f* S* I *o' Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfield,
8-00 p'm!) Merced, Haaiord aad Vlaalla.
1 4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
i 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
' Chicago.
Tickxt Orncat 641 Market St., and Firry
Dapot. 3. P. Also UU Broadway, Oak*
land.CaU
CALffOpiA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO Af/d NORTH PACIFIC
SAXXWA7 COMPANT.
Tlbuxon • Tnry, root at Mariet Street.
BAN FSANCISOO TO SAS BAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. i /
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1 :S0 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m. '
SAD" BAFA£L TO SAH FSAXTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:33. 7:60. 8:20, 11:10
a. m.: 12:30. 3:40, 0:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:B5-, 5:08. 6:25 p. ro. ,
Leave I In' Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. |San Franclscc.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30a 8:00a '¦ 9:10 al 8:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 3:30 p 6:08 p| 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 17:35pl
7:30 a ¦ 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma. 0:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
3:30 p) 3:30 p
1 Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a HeAldsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
j Lytton. ,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 6:20 p
¦ . . I Cloverdal*. {
7:30 at 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 allO:2O a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00a| Wllllts. | 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al (10:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerpevllle. | 7:35 p] 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. 1 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p|, 5:00 p[ G)en Elltn. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at * 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3;30p[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Pan
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
sflrvlllo for Skagps Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lajce-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's,
Bucknell's, 8anhedrin Heights, Hullvllie, Git's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal: at Wllliu for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
ville. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . '
¦ On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronlcl*
building. •
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦TO SAN RAFAEL
SANQUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sausali to Ferry.
"Suburban Service. Standard Qa«e Electric-
Depart from San Franc Uco Dally -^7.00.
BHHHh
• 6 T 4 r 5 ain. 4 m a^ed°(?> «n to and from San Quen-
""kROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
7.06. 0:00, 10-35 P 8t m. rtHTRAmg
"b:00 a. m.. week days—^axader» and way
Bt 5Vl5 n p. m.. week drjrs (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 V m- Saturdays— Caxadero and way
8t Sunday* only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
8t TIClCET OFFICE— «28 Market St.
FERRY— Union Depot.. foot of Market st.
16 Pages. $1 per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave »nd ar« due to arrive »t
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stroet )
uvra — r»QM OCTOBK*21. 1908. — abjutb
7.00a Benlcl*, Suliun, fchnlrm »ud Skcra-
mento T*i r
7.00a VacaTlUe, Winter*. Ramser. 7.66*
7.30a Martinez, Saa IUmon. V»!lejo.
Hapa, C&llstoea, Santa P.osa 82Sp
7-JOa Nile*. LlTenaore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.28r
8.00a Darl*. Woodland, Knights Landing,
. Maryrrllle, OroTllle .I-"'
8 00a Atlantic Expres»~Ogden»nd Km. 10 25*
8 30* Port Costa, Martlnex. Antlocn. Br-
ron.Tracy.Stockton.Sacramento,
Newman, Loa Bano*. Mendota, ;
Armona, Lemoore, Uanford.
Ylsalta. Portenrllle 4,25r
8 .30a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modeito, Merced. Fresno.
Ooanen Junction. Lemoore, Han-
ford, Vlsalla. Bakersfleld 4 Sir
8-50a Shasta Express — Davis. William*
(for Bartlett Springs). Wlltowa, _
trroto, Ked Bluff. Portland 7.55I"
8.30a Nile*. Baa Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton.Ione. Sacramento,Pl*cerTlUa.
MaryBTllie. Calco, Ked Bluff 425?
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestowa. So-
nora. Taolamne and Angel* 4.Z9r
900a Martinez and Way Stations 8 -air
10.00a Vallejo.. 12.25r
10.00a El Paso Passenger, Eastboand. —
Port Costa, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stock ton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Haa-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakersfleld. Los
Anjtele* and El Paso. (We** ' _
bound arrlT*» t1» Coast Line).., «1-30r
1000a The OTcrland Limited — Ogden,
Denrer, Omaha, Chicago §-2Sr
1200m Hayward. Kile* and Way Station*. 3-25p
ti-OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamer* til.OQp
3-30r Benlcl*. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing. -
MarysTllle. OroYlU* aad -way
nation* mi h
3.50* Hayward.Ulle* and Way Station*.. 7.55*
3.30r Port Co*ta, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, M o d e • t o,
Merced, Fresno and Way SU-
tlons beyond Port Costa 12Z5P
330* Martlnex, Tracy. Stocltton. Lodl... 1025a
4.00r Martlnei,8anHamon.ValleJo,Ifapa,
CalUtOEa. Santa Itoia. 9-25a
4.00* Nil**, Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.25*
4 30* Hayward. Nile*. Irrtngton. Saa I J8.55*
Jose. Ltrtnnore (111.55*
6 00* The Owl Limited— Newman. Lot
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare,
BakersSeld. Los Angele* 8-55*
E-COr Port Co it a. Tracy, Stockton >2-? 5p
t630* Hayward. Jflles and San Jose 7-*5a
C.COp Hayward. Nlles and 6an Jose. 10 25*
6.00p Oriental M»U— Oirden. Denrer.
Omaha, St. LouU. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Bealcia. Sul-
tan, Elmtra, Davis, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfaz,
Truckee. Boca. Reno, Wad»-
worth. Wtnnemucc*. Battla
Mountain. Elko 4.25*
8.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » 7 «-_
7 0C* Vallejo. Sunday only f '•"
7.C0* Saa P»blo, Port Com, Martinet
and Way Stations 11.25a
I CS* Oregon A California Kxpreu— S*c-
ramento, MarysTllle. Reddlag.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. I.BSa
f.10* Hayward. Nile* and SaaJo*e<3ua-
daronly) H.Ssa
COAST. LINE (J»«T«Mr flaw).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t.1B* Newark, CenterTllle. Saa Jose,
. Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Station*. 655?
rS-15* Newark. CenterTllle. Baa Joia, - . -.¦ -
New Almadeo.Lo* Gato*,TeItoa,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 1048a
« 16* Newark, Saa Jose, Loa Gatoaaad
way station* tt-M*
a3 30r Buaters Trstn, Saturday only, Saa . ,
Jose and Way Station*. Sunday
only returns from Lo* Gato* .... XT 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
•rom SAN tl'.AN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (311pl»
. -n.-is >:oo ii:ooa.ji. i oo 300 5.15 *.m.
from OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — 1S:0O t3:M
t9:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4-00 *.H.
COAST LINE (Broad Uaage).
&T (Third and" Townsand Street*.)
6.10 a San Joaeaad Way Station*. 8 33*
700a San Jos* and Way Station* f.lS*
800 a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only), 4.IOP
8 00a OcattLlne Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Psjaro. Caatrorllle, 8a-
ltnaa. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
Banta Margarita. 3an Lola Oblfjx*.
Principal station* thence 8urf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Conaeo-
tlon at CastroYtlls U and from
Monterey and Pacific Grore Tl-43*
0.00a San Jose. Tres Pino*, CaplMla,
8antaCrus,Paclflc Grore,SaJlna*,
Baa Lul* ObUpo aad Principal
..... Way Station. 4-10*
10.30a Ban Jose and Way Stations. 1-23*
1140a Santa Clara, San Joie. Lo* Gat*
• •_ and Way Station* *•*¦'
1.30* San Jose and Way BUOon* ....... ¦<»•*
8.00* Pacific Grore Express— flanuCIara
Ban Jo*e, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connect* at »«*•
Clara for Sant*. Crui. Bo«'*er
Creek and Narrow Gauge PolnU)
at Gllroy for HolUster. Tre»
PlnM.atCastroTllle for SaUna*. 12.1S*
I JO* Gllroy Way Passenger ....110 45*
14 46* Saa Joae, (tU Santa OUra) Lo*
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tion.* (except Sunday) t9.28a
16.30* SanJo*eandPrlnclp«lWayStaOoa» tfl-MU
6. 00r Some t Limited. I**tbound.— Saa
Lul* Oblipo. Santa Barbara, Lo« ;
Angele*. bemlng. El Pa*o, New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westboaad _
arrrresTla S*nJoaautn Valley). .. «<.Ha
IS.1B* San Mateo, Beresford,Belmont, Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oa**,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t*.4«A
•JO* Saa Jo*« and Way Station*.... . 83S*
1 1,30* South San FrancUco. Mllibrae, Bnr-
ltngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
8sn Carlo*, Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9 .45?
•11 30* May field. Mountain View. Suany-
11 * T »le, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Joae •• t»-4S*
A for Morning. P for Afteraoaa.
t Sunday only.
I Stops at all sUtloa* ea Saaday.
t Snnday excepted. • « Saturday •aijT. „
4 Via Coast Line. wVla Ban Joaqvu valley.
kVOnly train* stopping at Valencia 8k soutabound
i«i:10A.*..t7:C0A.M..U:30A.«^«:»x.M. aad «:30r a.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia gjiaiiio lwq .\rrlv«
SaaFrancfaco fMt«( Marlut St. San Prandsco
Week Saa- ¦ -fSBL ¦¦ Stro- |W«efe
V3lT^_ day* >^^Sk day* Day»._
•Ilili *8:OOa KS^as^^a l^.-osr 10:401
*1:45r 9:00a Kw!S*8BgEm l:*5p »:5Or
5:15r 10:00a \&gra*£3T 3:50p .';50p
„.. 11:00a 4:3Or 9:50f
_.._. l:45r yS&BBr BiSOp .-™~.
„...,-.--. -a=t«» 7:5Or
»C*aa«ctwitastac«>r" ¦ Mysa «a4 Tghw fta»y
TIOXR ( «26 MAjtiorr ST.,(North Shore Railroad;
OinCB } tad Saosaltto Fiur, Foot Mark* 9c
POLITICAL CAEDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
JFcr Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
|Repyblican HominsBJ
For Assessor :
Uuiliublalib riUWilibO.
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Cfcalrmas Street Co&unittee of Present Board
of Supenriaom. *
Democratic Nominee •
Union Labor Parti Nominee.
•."¦¦' . ' ' AiVEBTISEMEHTS.
Dry Goods "^^^^^ Company
Black Goods Department
We arc showing: an extremely choice collection
of the most favored fabrics for "Winter wear.
• t
HEAVY WEIGHT. LIGHT WEIGHT.
50-fach Wool Sacking, -yd ft _ 44-inch French Voile, yd
48-inch Wool Roxana, yd V I || || 48-inch Mistral, yd - -Of ftfl.
SHnch Wool Granite, yd * I|WU 42-lnch Silk and Wool OllUU
. Crepe de Paris, yd - -
52-lnch Zibeline, yd - " a « ft r 44-inch Voile Etamine, yd
50-inch Granite Noppe, yd \| Ih 44 -inch Silk and Wool 01 OC
50-inch Twine Sacking, yd VII AW Eolienne, yd - - . - OliZu
".. 44-Inch Mohair Mistral, yd
50-inch Camel f i Hair Boor- 44-lnch Silk and Wool
1$|§1111 $1.50 «£r£»ou,; *.$|,50
58-inch Novelty Cheviot,yd 44-Inch Crepe Etamine, yd
¦ == . .
.
Every resource at our command has been de-
voted toward placing: this department upon a |
hig:her plane than ever ••••••••
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square.Mrs. Hudson's WilL
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— An Inquest held on
the remains of Daniel Rogers, 103 years old,
who sustained fatal injuries from being
knocked down at Third and Townacnd
streets In San Francisco, was held this
evening and resulted In the bringing In of
a divided verdict. Eight out of a Jury of
nine decided that Rogers had died of
pneumonia, while the - ninth man stated
that he believed that the man had died
from the effects of the Injuries sustained
through the negligence of the Southern
Pacific Company. Rogers had only ar
rived here recently from Watsonville on
a visit to his daughter.
Coroner's Jury Disagrees.
"Well," said the Judge, "the only thing
will be for me to get another license to
morrow."
"Maesa," said Sam, "did yo* pay any
t'iner fur dem license?"
"Yes, Sam; a dollar and seventy-five
cents."
"Will another license cos' anyt'lng?"
"Yes, Sam; a dollar and seventy-five
cents more." replied the Judge.
After scratching his woolly pate for a
few minutes, Sam replied:
"Well, massa, I done axed Kyarllne an*
she sed "Yase," but fo" de Lawd dere ain't
no dollar an' seventy-five cents difference
In dem two nlggars, so I'll Jus' take Lu
cindy." — Lippincott's. , ;
"Yes, Sam, you old fool. Tou didn't tell
me whom you want to marry, but I re
membered how you're always hanging
around courting Lucinda and got the li
cense in her name."
"Lawd. massa!" exclaimed Sam, " 'taint
Lucindy, it's Kyarllne. ¦What's I gwlne
tcr do, massa?"
Oen morning, as Judge C of N County,
Va., was starting for the town, he was
approached by one of his negroes, who
with more or less confusion asked:
"Massa, when yo' goes to the co'thouse
will yo' git me a license? I'se gwlne to
be mar'ed." • ,";
"Married, are you. Earn? All right,"
called the Judge as he hastily drove off.
Arrived at the courthouse, he spent a
very busy day, and it was. not until he
was preparing to leave that he remem
bered Sam's license and realized that he
had not been told the name of the bride
elect.
. "The old idiot, he never told me whom
he wants to marry, but. of course, it's Lu
clnda; he's always making eyes at her."
So saving he returned to the courthouse
and had the license made out In the names
of Sam and Luclnda. Sam was the first
to greet him upon his return with the in
quiry:
"Git my license, maasa?"
The License Won.
It* la a curious thing, and one that re
mains a standing puzzle even to those
connected with the business all their
lives, that tightrope, trapeze and other
daring performers who chiefly work in
the open air at galas and so on are far
more liable to "stage fright," If it may
be so .called, than are their fellows who
only show their prowess under a roof.
Another fact equally well known la that
once a woman performer has heard the
ringing shouts of an applauding public,
once she has learned some dangerous
feat, she 'will run risks and quite fearless
ly perform tricks that no male in the
same line would ever dream of. The wo
man athlete has not to be urged on; she
has to be restrained, more often than not
It may be said at once that few among
the Dubllc know how near death such
people occasionally are. /
As illustrating both the facts stated
above, the. writer can never forget seeing
a woman tightrope walker whose rope
had been left too slack. She was per
forming at a great height, and when she
got to a certain distance along, the rope
the latter sagged so that she could neither
advance nor retire. The public knew
nothing of the danger until the manager
In an agpny - tried , to get two . Immense
ladders, tied together, up to the rope. But
this arrangement fell short, and even if
it had - not i done bo no one " would have
dared to rest it against the swaying rope.
At last the ladders were held bodily up
right by strong men till the topmost rung
just touched the rope; then . a gallant
young fellow, a sailor, went up, while the
ladder swayed about as though In a
breeze. He snatched •; the woman' on the
rope and held her, just as she fainted and
dropped the balancing pole.— Tit-Bits.
Emergencies in Which, Hen's Self-
Possession Deserts
Them.
THE TIMES "WHEN
ONE'S NERVE FAILS
The Russians are experimenting with a
"water-clad" battleship, which has an up
per deck of cork and a second deck of
armor. Th« space between th« two can
be filled with water: then the ship floats
a foot under tbe sea's surface.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: John J. Carey, 29 years old.
and Kmlly V. Fitzpatrlck. 24, both of San
Francisco; Joseph J. Bilderback, 33. and
Emma DItton, 35, both of Oakland; Albert
E. Larrabee, 26, Oakland, and Mae Mur
phy, 23, San Francisco; Carl O. Dahlgren,
over -21, Rodeo, and Marguerite Trainer,
over IS, Alameda.
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY. Oct. 24.— Horace Davis will
address the Agricultural Club next Friday
morning at 11 o'clock in the agricultural build
ing. His subject will be "Modern Milling."
The university has taken- the flrat steps
'toward building the great' Heating apparatus
that is designed to heat all the buildings by
means of pipes from one big furnace. This Is
the' removal of the stables now on Strawberry
Creek, near the agricultural building, where
the plant will be installed. It will cost |50,000.
The./Junior day farce will be given at the
Central Theater In San Francisco. It was In
tended to present It at the Grand Opera-house,
but that place could not be secured on ac
count of the preparations for "Ben Hur." The
cast for the play, "Mclnnis, or the Two Pop
pers." is now being coached under the direction
of Milton Schwartz.
The Skull and Keys annual "running" is
due to take place on the last Friday of this
month, though the date may be changed. In
the mort.lnc the initiates will do outlandish
things and in the afternoon there will be a
parade.
Sleeper Never Awakes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— An unidentified
man was found dead in his bed at the
Model lodging-house at 916 Franklin
street this evening. He went to the house
last. night and rented a cheap room. This
morning the attendant was unable to
arouse him. This evening the room was
again visited and it was found that the
man was dead. There was nothing *in his
pockets to disclose his identity and on the
book of the house he was registered as
"John Dope." He evidently had h^en
dead for hours. The Coroner was notified
and the remains were taken to the
Morerue.
They have been spending j tho last two - weeks
at the Laweon Adamses picturesque home In
Belvedere. Mr. Adams has been quite 111, but
is now convalescing.:* i-" 1 -- -¦
• Word comes from New York that a son has
been born to Mr. and Mrs. J. Alfred ¦ La Fargo
Horton. Mrs. Horton was fomerly Miss Lena
Brlgham of this city and a well-known muni
dan. She Ida sister-in-law of Mrs. Frank
Bricham of Oakland.
i Mr. - and Mrs. George Fisher entertained a
theater party to-night at the Macdonough. Their
guests were Mr. and Mrs. J. Walter Scott, Mr.
and Mrs. E. R. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert
Curtlss, Mr. and Mr*. M. J. Laymance and Mr.
and Mrs. R. C. Craft.
.The Wheeloek Club will meet next Wednes
day at tbe ; residence of , Mrs. , Paul Lohse on
Webster street. ' -
Mrs... John L. : Howard U .will ,. entertain - the
Cosmos Club next Monday at her residence on
Vernon Helshta. '¦"
Ui. and Mra. Gilbert Curtiaa arc home' again.
Mr. and firs. Seth Mann have returned to
their home on Magnolia street after a pleasant
two weeks' sojourn at Catallna Island and In
the southern part of the State.
Mr. and Mrs. William Bailey have returned
from Los Angeles, where they have been for
some weeks. The engagement of their daugh
ter. Miss Minnie .Bailey, to Rev. Mr. Bazatb
pastor of the Presbyterian church at Alham
bra, was recently announced. * Mr. Bazath is
expected In Oakland shortly for % brief visit
Tbe coming Duoa-Nordlca concert at the
Macdoncugh Theater next Wednesday promise*
to be ts brilliant an event as a first night at
the opera. Many of the elite of Oakland— and
some from San Francisco — have signified their
intention of hearing the peerless Nordlca, and
as the society women of this city are noted for
their handsome gowns the assemblage of beau
tifully dressed women will present a brilliant
scene not common In theaters this side of the
bay. Among the members of the social set in
Oakland who will be present are the Requas,
the Chabots. the A. L. Stones, the Crelllns,
tbe R. G. Browns, the A. 8. Macdonalds. tha
John A. Brit tons, the Oscar Lunlngs, tha F. M.
Smiths and party, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Watson,
Mr. and Mrs. Roy Mauvals, Mrs. M. Canning,
Mr. and Mrs. Jame» . Tyson, the Gordon
Stolpses. Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Curtlss, Miss
Maude Edith Pope. Mr. and Mrs. Edward La
cey Brayton, the George H. Ismonges, the John
Charles Adamses, Mr. and Mrs. F. Ci Haven;
Mrs. A.Lowndes Scott and party, Mra. B. A
Kluegel and party, Mrs. C. C. Clay, Mrs. Stan
deford, Mr. and Mrs. J. Walter Scott, the ¦ E.
L.'Dows, George H. Collins and party, Mr. and
Mrs. E. C. Hagar, the W. W.- Garthwaltes and
many others.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Kayser celebrated their
¦liver wedding on October 20 at their residence
on Linden street. The whole house was bril
liantly Illuminated with electricity and pret
tily decorated. An orchestra supplied music
all during the evening and an elaborate sup
per was served. The host and hostess wer*
the recipients of many beautiful presents.
Among the guests were Mr. and Mra. F.
Kayser, San Jose; Mr. and Mrs. George Kay
ser, Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Kayser, Mr. and
Mrs. Carl Kayser. Mr. and Mrs. William
Wankowskl, Mr. and Mrs. F. Schaefer, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Kaiser, Mr. and Mrs. Dr.
Aug Drossel, Mr. and Mrs. William Wlebe and
Fritz Schoettler, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
Phil Conradi, Mr. and Mrs. F. Sonderlelter,
Mr. and Mrs. G. Schmidt. Mr. and Mrs. Paul
L'th and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Relmers, Oak
land; Mr. and Mrs. Otto Nlehaus, Berkeley,
and Mrs. A. Schubart, Oakland.
The luncheon »iven by Mrs. Frank C. Wat
son yesterday In honor of Mrs. J. L*>ran Pease
(nee Gage) was one of tho very delightful af
fairs of the .week. Pink sweet peas, carnations
and cosmos were artistically blended in the
decorations, the sweet peas alone being used
in the dining-room. A dainty centerpiece
adorned the luncheon table and the name cards
bore water color sketches of pink blossoms.
After luncheon the guesta enjoyed several
carries of "live hundred," prizes being won by
Mrs. A. A. Long and Mrs. Henry Roeenfeld.
Mrs. Watson's guests were Mrs. J. Loran
Pease Mrs. George E. de Golla, Mrs. Henry
Rosenfeld of San Francisco, Mrs. E. J. Cotton,
Mrt Louise Allender, Mri. Lee Cole Burnham,
th« Misses Carrie and Belle Nicholson, Mrs. A.
A Long, Mrs. James Tyson, Mrs. Roy Mau
vals, the Misses Alma and Adah Brown, Mrs.
Frederick W. Morse and Mrs. A. 8. Larkey.
OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— Miss Juliet Garber
tras the hootesB at an Informal tea to-day In
honor or Mlsa Bernle Drown of San Francisco.
Unfortunately Miss Drown was unable to be
present owing to the severe illness of her
mother. Ban-in* the disappointment over her
absence, however, the afternoon was a most
pleasant one. Miss Garber was asslst»-l by
Miss Ida Gibbons, Miss Erwina Smith. Mrs.
Frederick Fenwlck. Miss Leslie Green 'and
Mrs. Harry East Miller.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24:— The case of
Leopold J. Stern, the Baltimore con
tractor Indicted In -connection with the
postal Investigation, was continued In the
Police Court to-day. Postofflce Inspector
Mayer testified that there were on file
at the department several telegrams from
Stern asking for a supply of the "lambs"
straps which were bought by the Gov
ernment and furnished to him without
charge, although his contract included
the straps. Mayer said he knew of no
receipts being given to the Government
by Stern for the straps, but that the de
partment had possession of the. receipts
which Stern gave the lamb concern. The
hearing will be continued on Monday.
Profited at Government's Expense.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Colonel J. C. Mc-
Mullen, representing the State Savings
Bank, has purchased the property now
occupied by the Women's Exchange, on
Thirteenth and Franklin streets, from
the McLaughlln estate, and as soon as the
necessary alterations are completed the
bank will move into its new quarters. The
building has a frontage of 100 feet on Thir
teenth street by 50 feet on Franklin street.
The purchase price is understood to be
$45,000.
New Quarters for Bank.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Because he thought
that a 22-callber pistol was not loaded, E.
Lancaster, a 15-year-old electrician's ap
prentice, living at 380 Fairmont street, will
go through life with a crippled left hand.
He went home from work this evening
and picked up the pistol, and not knowing
It was loaded pulled the trigger. The bul
let went through the first finger of his left
hand and Into the little finger, breaking
the bone at the first joint. His wound
was dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
Bullet Maims Him.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— The First
Presbyterian Sunday school of
this city will hear to-morrow of
its missionary efforts among the
Sioux Indians of South Dakota.
An offering Is made yearly by the Sun
day school for the- support of an Indian
girl at the Good Will Mission In South
Dakota. Cora Johnson, a direct descend
ant of this fierce race of warriors who
Inhabited the plains in* the early days,
has been the special protege of the Sun
day school, and the photograph shows
her as she appears after several years of
training In the mission.
Miss Nellie ' McGraw, a missionary*
among these Indians, will act as the
spokesman and give an interesting ac
count of the work that is being done
among this wild race of people. Her ad
dress will be to the Sunday school pupils
who have been supporting with their con
tributions the cultivation of this scion of
the people who Inhabited North America
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
To-morrow, It is expected, will be a
busy day at the church, as there will
be several Interesting events added to the
regular programme. The Presbyterian
Synod of California, now In session in
San Francisco, has brought together all
the pastors of the State, and Rev. Mr.
Baker has secured, two of the most bril
liant of these to occupy the pulpit for
to-morrow's services. The Rev. John
Marquis, D. D.. of Redlands will preach
at 11 a. m. and the Rev. M. J. McLeod
of Pasadena at 7:20 p. m.
The Initial appearance of Miss Louise
E. Feldheim of San Francisco, a con
tralto of marked ability. Is looked for
ward to with more than usual interest
by the music loving members of the
church, as It is rumored that she may
take the regular position as alto soloist
formerly held by Mrs. Grace Morel Dick
man. Miss Feldheim will sing the offer
tory In the morning, rendering "Hear Us,
O Father" (Handel).
before the Pilgrim Fathers landed at Ply
mouth Rock.
It was read aloud to the porter and then
the passenger looked at him. He turned
a sort of gray and gasped for breath, and
it was a long minute before he could
ejaculate:
"Befo* de Lawd! but I dun thought dat
was a $15 check on some bank In Colo
rado. Hu! Shoo! Wall, of all de dele
terious obnoviousness I eber did dun meet
up wld in all my life dls captivates de
pinnacle!"— Detroit Free Press.
A passenger caught him In the vestibule
two min.utes later and asked to see the
paper. It read:
"Mr. Pullman— Your man, William
White, has been very attentive to me and
my children, and I would recommend that
you raise his salary and let him know
that you fully appreciate his efforts.
"MRS. S. B ."
She wrote for a minute on one of the
leaves of her book, and then tore it out
and handed it to him with the remark:
"A colored man who Is ambitious to
get along will always find friends."
"William White, mum."
"You have been very attentive to us
during this trip and I wish to reward
you."
"Yes, 'urn."
"What Is your name?" she asked as she
took out a pencil and notebook.
The woman with four children who had
come through from Denver was nearing
Detroit. The porter had finished brush
ing them, each one of whom had de
manded attention every fifteen minutes,
when the mother turned and said:
An Astonished Porter.
"If the two proceedings for warrants
for removal," said Judge Holt, "resulted
In an order for removal, it is obvious
that such orders could not be complied
with at the same time. My conclusion
Is that the arrest on the second warrant
will be vacated."
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— Two decisions in
the case of George W. Beavers, the In
dicted postal official, were handed down
to-day by Judge Holt. In one, the appli
cation of Beavers to have United States
District Attorney Youngs of Brooklyn
and Miss Amy Wren, his stenographer,
punished for disobeying a subpena of
Commissioner Hitchcock, 13 denied.
The application for a writ of habeas
corpus and certlorarl asked In behalf of
Beavers in the second charge against him
based on the Washington Indictment Is
granted, and the arrest is vacated. The
Judge holds 'that a second arrest made
on the Washington Indictment when
Beavers was already In court on the
Brooklyn. Indictment was illegal.
If this decision Is applicable to the other
three Washington indictments, it will re
sult in his arrest on all four indictments
returned against him J by the Federal
Grand Jury in Washington being vacated
pending the final decision by the Federal
Court of the New York District on the
proceedings In the pending indictment.
Beavers had been arrested in the New
York District on a bench warrant calling
for his removal to the Brooklyn District
to be tried on this indictment. He had
demanded examination here and had
given bail when he was again arrested
on a warrant calling for his removal to
Washington for trial on the first Wash-
Ingtoivindlctment. At first he demanded
examination and gave bail, but later his
surety surrendered him, and his attor
neys swore out a habeas corpus on the
ground that his simultaneous removal to
Brooklyn and Washington was impos
sible.
Judge Decides Action on Washington
Indictment Illegal.
BEAVER'S ARREST VACATED.
: It has been said of the American navy
! that the officers are more exacting In the
I observance of etiquette and the proper
I courtesies than those of other navies, and
I that the minute distinctions of punctill
! ousness are more marked among the of
| fleers of the navy than among the officers
I of the army. However true this may be,
! it is not to be denied that officers of the
; military and naval services are apt to be
' more scrupulous and exacting In etiquette
I than are civilians, and there have been
I some humorous incidents related of this
i practice of naval officers.
It would seem, perhaps, that the smaller
! the vessel of the navy of half a century
; ago the more emphatic or more exacting
' were the officers in command In what
I they considered was due to their rank
i and* station. An incident of this character,
related by one of the older officers a
couple of evenings ago "at the club,"
was that during the Mexican War the
i fleet In front of Vera Cruz was Joined by
1 several gunboats of the most diminutive
I type— Improved affairs.
An officer of one of tbe larger vessels
j had occasion to visit one of the little fel
lows in his official capacity, and. ranging ;
: up alongside in his barge (which, by the
1 way, was nearly as large as the vessel he ;
was officially visiting), he stepped over j
the port quarter, when the lieutenant in •
command, in a tone of offended dignity,
Informed the visitor, who was his su
perior by two grades, that his vessel had !
a gangway on the starboard side, and <
that it was not only proper, but that the j
navy regulations prescribed, that officers ;
of and above a certain rank should board
by that gangway.
The young officer added that, while his
vessel might not be much bigger than the I
visitor's barge, so long as it was In com- j
mission and he was in command he did ;
not propose to have any of the usual j
rules of etiquette disregarded. The vis
itor fully comprehended the intent of the !
rebuke, and he at once returned' to his J
barge and went around to the starboard I
gangway and ¦was received by " the !
"piping" of the boatswain's mate.
It happened that this same lieutenant
was subsequently rebuked by hia own j
Fon, soon after the latter received his
first commission. The son was on duty*
at the New York navy yard, and the .
father was in command of a vessel Jhat !
had just been put into commission, "and j
he was anxious to get his provisions and !
stores on board that he might get away
on his cruise. Going through the navy
yard to call on the commandant of the
station, the captain saw his son in uni
form walking toward his headquarters in
the storehouse, and he shouted "Henry!"
two or three times, without getting any
response. Finally the son turned about
and said in a dignified tone: "Are you <
aduressing me, sir?" j
"Yes," replied the father; "I sent in a;
requisition for my stores, and I wish' you 1
wou"fd hurry it through, bo that I can j
have the things delivered as promptly as j
possible, for I am anxious to get to sea."
"Very well," replied the young officer,
"I will look into the matter; but please
bear in mind that when I am on duty I
am to be addressed as mister or by my
military title; when I am at home or at!
pome unofficial affair I am Henry or any
thing you please." /
That the father recognized the propriety
of the rebuke by his son was shown by'
his often telling the story afterward at]
his own expense. "Henry or anything
you please" is still alive, and is
yet in the navy.— New York Tribune. j
In Some Instances Forces Men Into
Unnatural and Senseless
Situations.
POWER OP ETIQUETTE
IN OUR NAVY
It will recommend that a receiver be ap
pointed for the Bethlehem Steel Company,
the corporation which Schwab and J. P.
Morgan & Co. sold to the United States
Shipbuilding Company.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24— The World to
morrow will say that the report of ex-Sen-
Btor Joseph Smith Jr., receiver of the
United States Shipbuilding Company, to
Judge Kirkpatrick will be filed Monday in
the United States Circuit Court at Tren
ton. N. J. It will recommend, says the
World, that a £uit be brought to r.ullify
Rnd have declared void and Illegal the
$10,000,000 bond issue held by Charles M.
Schwab and through which he controls
the company.
RECEIVER HAY BE NAMED.
Shipbuilding Company's $10,000,-
OOO Issue Declared Illegal.
"So far only smoke has enveloped the
shipyard Investigation, but some very real
fire will be uncovered before long. This
tranraction if spotted with blemishes and
despite the innocence of many persons
involved in the promotion and wreck of
the company It is a good deal of a coal
hole. The lid is off now and it remains
to explore the Interior."
"But it is a well-known fact to every
one on the inside of this deal that an offi
cer of the Trust Company of the Republio
vigorously protested against certain fea
tures of the transaction. Hence other
means were found to raaJkc the additional
payment, fcr the Union Iron Works wlth
cut th* knowledge of this official.
SaM a well-known financier and former
attache of the Trust Company of the Re
public; "1 know It to be a. fact that Henry
T. Scott received $3,000,000 Instead of 12.
730.000, as appears by the Nixon check, for
the Union Iron Works, because he admit
ttd so himself. Why was the additional
S2-'jO.OO9 not included in the check? That is
one of the things which will be brought
o-jt when the vendors are put on the
stand.
A prominent financier who is closely
identified with shipbuilding affairs de
clared that a round cash sum of $3,000,000
•was paid for the Union Iron Works, de-
Fplte the fact that the check given Bank
ers J. & W. Sellgraan as ag-ents for Presi
dent Scott amounted only to $2,750,000.
It now develops that Mr. Scott has per
ponai'y admited to parties who have ap
prised Receiver James Smith that he re
.ceived an additional B5Q.O00 |p- his plant.
Extraoidinary secrecy is involved in the
puzzling transaction, and it was stror.gly
intimatc-d by the same informant that
thi? discovery Is a prelude to others more
bewildering.
Scotts Said to Have Received
>3,0OO,000 for Plant.
NEW YORK. Oct. C4.— Startling disclos
ures compared with which revelations
brought out in the testimony of Presi
dent Lewis Nixon and Daniel L«eroy Dres
rer dwindles into insignificance, are prom
ised la connection with the United States
shipbuilding scandal. Several hints as to
the nature of these impending disclosures
vrere piven to-day by lawyers and finan
ciers who are intimately acquainted with
all the ins and outs of the shipbuilding
enigma.
Among other important secrets brought
nut to-day besides those made public dur
ing the hearir.ps before Special United
States Commis5ioner Henry Oliphant was
that President Henry T. Scott ot the San
Francisco Union Iron Works received 53,
000.000 instead of $2,730,000 In cash for his
p!ent.
UNION IRON WORKS' PRICE.
While a section of tbe Federal statutes
provides that officers of national banks
shall brand counterfeits as "counterfeit"
or "worthless." it has been found that
the national banks in some Instances Ig
nore this provision, while State and pri
vate banking institutions habitually dis
regard It. The reason for this Is that a
bank which rigidly enforced the law us
ually found that the owner withdrew his
account and put It in some bank where
the officers were less particular in this
regard.— Express Gazette.
Chief Wllkie of the United States se
cret service has called on the officers of
the New York Clearing-house to assist
his men In the detection of circulating
counterfeit notes. The officers of tha:
association have been asked to require
all the banks ©Derating under Its rules
to properly deface counterfeit money
whenever It Is presented. Chief Wilkla
finds that a great many banks refuse to
do this, for fear of offending patron*-.
and that as a result many a dangerous
counterfeit goes back Into circulation aft
er its spurious character has been pointed
out.
Chief Wilkle says that in tracing the
history of "counterfeit notes It has been
discovered that in many instances hold
ers of notes had submitted them to bank
officers for opinions as to their genuine
ness; that the bank officers had described
the notes as Counterfeit and then re
turned them to the holders without brand
ing them as "counterfeit" or "worthless."
Similarly counterfeit notes detected in
dally remittances were returned to de
positors unbranded. This practice not
only lengthened the life of the note in
circulation but was a direct incentive to
the holder to commit the crime of pass
ing a note when he knew it to be coun
terfeit. ; •-•: ;"
Counterfeits to Be Canceled.
Tiie R*v. Alfred Bayley filed an answer
to-day to his wife's complaint for di
vorce. She began suit against him yes
terday, alleging that he had deserted her.
In his answer he denies all the allega
tion she makes. The denial is a general
one, and a stipulation of their respective
attorneys that it shall be considered spe
cific as to all the allegations In the com
plaint goes with It.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Elsie M. Prush against J. H. Prugh on
the ground of extreme cruelty. They have
been married less than a year. The plain
tiff was an April bride and the couple
¦were married in Reno, New She alleges
that hardly had the honeymoon season
passed than he began acts which ehe al
leges constitute cruelty.
Clara P. Ferriera instituted suit for di
vorce to-day against Benton It. Ferriera on
th<» ground of failure to provide.
A decree of divorce was granted to-day
by Judge Melvln to Adelaide Stream of
Alameda from G. P. Stream on the
.gTound of desertion. They have been mar
ried several year?, but have no property
Involved nor children.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 24.
These ordinances differ from the original
measures in the matter of the time for
which the privileges are to be granted.
The ordinance for the south side line
grants the franchise for thirty-four years
and the ordinance for the north side line
grants the franchise for twenty-five
years.
Whether these terms will be satisfactory
to the management of the Southern Pa
cific is what the representatives of the
city will find out.
There will be an adjourned meeting of
the City Trustees Monday night, at which
time Simpson and Taylor will report the
result of the conference. City Clerk J.
W. Glllogly has received maps from the
Southern Pacific Company showing the
main lines and spur tracks for which the
company wants' franchises.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 24.— General Manager
Julius Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
cific Company, with City Attorney M. W.
Simpson and E. K. Taylor, representing
Alameda, will hold a conference at the of
fice of the railroad official in San Fran
cisco Monday morning for the purpose of
discussing the terms upon wh'.ch the City
Trustees have offered to grant the two
local railway franchises that the corpora
tion has applied for. Simpson and Taylor
will take with them copies of the substi
tute ordinances introduced at the session
of the munlclp'al legislators .last Monday
night.
Brlstow wilF" begin the preparation of an
abstract of his report in a day or two.
His abstract is likely to be approximately
10,000 words.
"All I have to say," he said, "is that
I have told the truth and the whole truth
just as I found it. I cannot say more."
In order to expedite the submission of
the report to the President, Postmaster
General Payne did not wait to prepare a
letter of transmlttal to accompany it, ac
cording to utual procedure. Payne will
write his letter of transm'.ttal later. It will
be a document of probably ten or twelve
typewritten pages, calling attention to a
number of matters brought out by tho
Investigation. Payne said that the ques
tion of new administrative plans would
come up later. Reforms have been Insti
tuted from time to time, as necessity
arose, and there was no need of legisla
tion for such changes as may be desired.
No time has been fixed yet for the pub
lication of the report, but It will be given
to the public as soon as practicable.
President Roosevelt will go over It very
carefully and when he makes it public
is likely to supplement It with some com
ments of his own.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.-The Postmas
ter General this afternoon delivered to the
President the report of Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Brlstow on the postal
investigation.
The report is very long. It contains
110,000 words— about eighty columns Jn an
ordinary newspaper. In addition to the
report proper there are 600 exhibits, all of
which are referred to in the report. The
average length of the exhibits Is five
typewritten pages,, or about 2000 words.
The exhibits contain therefore about a
million words. Published in the form of
the ordinary Government document the
exhibits alone would make 2000 printed
pages.
Mrs. Ellen Plnkney. who yesterday be
came the bride of Arthur M. Sheakeley
of Stockton as she lay on her deathbed,
answered the reaper's summons to-day,
and the man who showed his devotion by
hurrying from the East to wed the woman
he loved before death could claim her tri
umphed in the grim contest by but a nar
row margin.
The slight raise In the spirits of the pa
tient attendant upon having her fiance at
her side was followed by a gradual fall
ing, and she sank into unconsciousness,
from which she only revived a few mo
ments before her death. The funeral wtif 1
be held to-morrow at 2:30 o'clock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Oct. U.
Miss Gail Laughlln addressed the con
vention on the subject of "The .Open
Door." Miss Laughlin has been a mem
ber of the United States Industrial Com
mission, but her talk to-day was entirely
on the subject of the progress of the
women's suffrage movement in the East
ern States.
California ranks fourth In the number
of life members In the National American
Woman Suffrage Association. Among the
residents cf the State who hold life mem
berships are Mrs. Emma Shafter How
ard, President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University. Mabel Craft Deer-
Ing, Frank P. Deering, Albert H. Elliot.
Karl Howard. Maud Shafter Howard.
Miss Fidelia Jewett. Lillie J. Martin.
Mary Wood Swift, president of National
Council of Women; A. R. Faulkner, Mary
E. F. Gould. Miss Clara Schlingheyde
and Miss Carrie A. Wheelan.
The following officers were elected at
the business this morning: Mrs.
C. L. Wood of Alameda, president; Mrs.
Thomas H. Speddy, Mrs. E. E. Green
man. Mrs. James A. Waymire, Mrs. Em
ma Shafter Howard and Mrs. Frances A.
Williamson, vice presidents; Mrs. Ella
Mitchell, secretary, and Dr. A. J. Patter
son, treasurer.
Resolved, That this society hereby ex
tends thanks to all who In any way have
assisted in carrying on the work for
which it stands.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That the Alameda County Po
litical Equality Society declares itself in
sympathy with the present movement
for civic betterment and hereby pledges
co-operation with Mayor Olney In his ef
forts to Improve and beautify the city of
Oakland, and furthermore It appreciates
that ho is the first Mayor of Oakland who
has publicly recognized women as fac
tors in the civic life of the community
and who has appealed to {hem to take
their place by the side of men in the work
of municiDal reform.
Resolved, That it is the sense of - this
society that, with the ballot in the hands
of women, their work will have its full
and proper effect.
The plans of Mayor Olney for civic Im
provement received the Indorsement of the
Alameda County Political Equality So
ciety, which held Its annual convention
to-day at the rooms of the Oakland Club,
416 Seventeenth street. Mayor Olney ad
dressed the members of the society in be
half of his recent endeavors to enlist the
women of Oakland In the crusade for
civic improvement and the beautifying of
the streets of the city, and the suffragists
heartily Indorsed him. !
The opening session of the convention
this morning was devoted to the regular
routine business of the society, including
election of officers, reading of reports and
discussion of plans for the work during
the coming year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Oakland. Oct. 24.
Accompanying Exhibits Ag
gregate About a Million
Fiance N Who Hurried From
East Barely Triumphs in
Grim Race.
Elsie Frugh, an April Bride;
Alleges Husband Is
Cruel.
Arrarige for Conference With
Kruttschnitt at His
Warren Olney Addresses the
Annual Convention of
Equality Clubs.
Mrs. Arthur M. Sheak
eley Is Summoned
by Reaper.
Findings of Postal In
quiry Are in Hands
of President.
Suffragists Declare in
Favor of Municipal
Improvement.
Rev. Alfred Bayley Piles
Answer* to Wife's
Complaint.
Alameda's Attorneys to
Meet Railroad
Manager.
WILL CONSIDER
THE FRANCHISES
DENIES CHARGE
OF DESERTION
PAYNE SUBMITS
BRISTOW REPORT
WOMEN INDORSE
PLAN OF MAYOR
DEATH CLAIMS
BRIDE OF HOURS
¦¦•¦.•••;,.. « ...... . .
THE SAN FEANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
Miss Nellie McGraw, One of the Presbyter
ian Workers Among the Red Men, to Tell
of the Religious Advance Made by Them
WILL ADDRESS SUNDAY SCHOOL
ON THE SIOUX INDIAN MISSION
SIOUX INDIAN GIRL WHO IS BEING EDUCATED AT THE GOOD WILL
MISSION, SOUTH DAKOTA, AS THE WARD OF FIRST PRESBYTE
RIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL OF OAKLAND.
"Yes," answered Mamie; "I think It's
time they made a man produce proof that
he Is sane before they let him into the
Legislature."— Washington Star. -
"Did you bear about that member of
the Legislature who wants to pass a law
requiring a physician's certificate before
people can kiss?" said Maud.
Tess— Mr. i Brusk ; is nice looking. I ad
mit, but he's not much of a talker; never
seems to. be able to say the right thing
in the right: place.
Jess— Oh, I don't know. He said the
right thing last evening, although ', you
may ' not ; think it .was . in the right place.
Tess— Where .was * hnt?a ffi^jjfl||nfljfift3
Jess (displaying her ring)— In our par
lor.—Philadelphia Press.
The secretary of the Aeronautical So
ciety of Great Britain expects the kite to
be the base of the future instrument of
aerial zia.vlsa.tlon, the aeroplane.
After passing another town of three or
four mud huts, says a writer in Harper's
Magazine, we enter the famous desert of
Islay. on which are what I consider the
ir.ost remarkable natural curiosities to be
B«»«n on this globe, for we are now among
hundreds— nay, thousands— of pure white
cand crescents, on a plateau of 4500 feet
above the level of the sea and fifty-four
miles from the coast, where all else Is of
r dark red or chocolate color. Whence
comes this sand and why always In a
crescent shape? Professor Bailey, whom
I afterward met at Arequipa. in charge of
the Harvard University observatory, told
me that pcicntific men do not agree as
lo the reason why the sand always forms
the eame crescent shape, although it is
generally believed that the whirling eddies
hereabouts are responsible; some, how
ever, argue that such is not the case,
elr.ee each one of these crescents has an
opening toward the northeast. At any
rate, the Inner circle Is an almost per
pendicular wall of the finest pure white
rand, and from the upper edges the cres
cent slopes gradually away on the out-
Bide. Ttiey average twenty feet In height,
the inner circle having a diameter of some
fifty feet, although I 'have seen one at
least a mile and a half in diameter, which
was. however, not much higher than the
average. These crescents move. It Is es
timated, at the rate of three Inches every
twenty-four hours; and when, on the
eiow Journey, one- comes near the rail
road. It becomes necessary to shovel the
eand across tbe tracks, after which It
travels on, forming new crescents or
mingling with some of the others.—Balti
more American.
Traveling Sand Hills of Peru.
OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— The will of
tbe late Asnle M. Hudson -was
filed for probate this afternoon. She
leaves about $10,000 to her three daugh
ters—Helen M. and Edna E. Hudson and
Mrs. L.. M. George. The estate consists
of realty at "West and Tenth streets.
37
The Wonderful "Whizzers."
*1 AVE you ever seen the new "whizzers" and felt the almost mad-
L-J deriing thrill of seeing them go flying by like meteors? The
J[ I sensation is strange beyond description, as strange as the new
w/ "whizzers" themselves, which are monsters of the most freakish
sort — monsters the like of which never were seen before. And how thev
sing as they gol And with what terrific speed they cleave the air! Just
think of annihilating distance at the rate of less than a mile a minute!
That is how the "whizzers" go. Long, lean and low like a gray wolf
some of them are. while others speed on their way like gh9Stly wraiths —
but with such catapult swiftness that the senses are first bewildered and
then intoxkated. It is a sensation that nobody ever escapes. If you do
you will be as superhuman as the new "whizzers" themselves.
Of course you haven't felt the thrill yet, for the new "whizzers" have
not yet reached San Francisco. But they are coming — coming fast now
— and next week the town will be full of them. And if vou don't know
what a "whizzer" is like it is a foregone conclusion that you will buy the
next Sunday Call, which will print two full pages telling you all about
them— where they come from, why they are here and where the> are
going and. best of all, what keeps them always in such a tremendous
hurry/and why they sing so as they go. Indeed the new "whizzers"
will simply fascinate you.
Almost as remarkable as the "whizzers" is the new artillery drill now
performed by Uncle Sam's boys in blue stationed in the West. Just
think of seeing a batterv of light artillery go clattering and bumping
over the ruts of a stubble field and after careening madly around a shock
of new-mown hay come into action, shoot holes into a dense fog and
knock into smithereens the kneeling figure of a man four miles away,
which they could not see by a good two miles. And yet it is not so much
what they do as the way thev accomplish such remarkable shots that
makes the new field, drill truly wonderful. Just see the pictures in the
next Sunday Call. <
And still there is more to interest you. For instance, there is the
third installment oT the "Golden Fetich," which tells you more of the
Africa of to-day than has been revealed by any explorer since the great
Stanley gave his discoveries to the world. Then there is "The Cough in
•Lower Seven," by Frank H. Spearman, which is as fascinatingly myste-
rious as tl^ title itself, and — but of course you know what excellent
railroad stories Spearman writes. Then fhere are the "Me-ows of a
Kitty," clever, witty, charming little bits that you will quote to all vour
friends— and your lover. And the "Drawing-room Gowns for Winter";
and the beautiful "Child Model." (This is a full-page picture that will
make the same strange appeal to you that it does to everyone else who
has seen it.)
But — and here is genuine news for you— do you know about the big
golden jubilee of the. Catholic Church that will be.celebrated in this
city next Sunday. It will be one of' the most notable events in all the
history of the church. in this State. This article has been written
specially and exclusively for the Sunday Call.CAMBRIDGE. Oct. 24.— Harvard had no
difficulty in defeating Brown to-day, 29
to 0. Brown made the required live yards
in but one single instance throughout the
panae. The game was made up almost en
tirely of mass plays througrh the center
and by the bip tackles and bip guards
Lemoyne's kicking was one of the strong
features of the Harvard Kame
PRINCETON. N. J.. Oct. 24,-Princeton
defeated Dartmouth this afternoon. 17 to
t .5 *\? me Was a flEnt to the finish.
Instead of giving way in the second half
f^V^V 1 P layeri a mu ch bettar offense.
ITHACA. N. Y., Oct. 24.— Western Re
serve put up a poor defense against Cor
nell this afternoon and the latter had lit
tle difficulty in rolling up a total of 41
points against the visitors.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.-Chicago showed a
highly encouraging Improvement over last
Saturday in to-day's football game with
the University of Illinois and defeated the
latter brilliantly, 18 to «. All of the
touchdowns were made. on long runs, two
of them, one on a side, being made pos
sible by fumbles.
LAWRENCE. Kans., Oct. 24.— Haskell
Indians, 12; University of Kansas, 6
WEST POINT, N. Y., Oct. 24.-The larg
est crowd that ever attended a football
game at West Point witnessed tho annual
contest between West Point and Yale, the
latter winning by. a score of 17 to 5. Yale's
score was made by Ownley.'s rush over
the line. Bowman falling to kick a goal
LINCOLN. Nebr., Oct. 24.— Nebraska
ran away from Colorado on the football
field this afternoon, winning by a score
of 31 to 0. The mountaineers were lighter
than the Nebraskaiis and were outclassed
in every style of play.
AMHERST, Mass.. Oct 24.— Amherst
18; Trinity. 0. . .
ANDOVER, Oct. 24.— Anaover, 43; Har
vard freshmen, 0.
ANN ARBOR, Oct 2t— Michigan, 47-
Drake, 0.
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct 24.— Minnesota, 46:
Beloit. 0.
ANNAPOLIS, Oct 24.—Lafayette Col
lege, 6; Navy, 5.
NORFOLK, Oct 24.— Georgetown, 33;
University of Norfolk, 0.
MADISON. Oct. 24.— Wisconsin.. 67;
Lenox, 6.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 24.— University of
Cincinnati. 0; Northwestern, 35.
SYRACUSE. Oct 24.— Williams, 15;
Syracuse, 5.
Game Is Made Up Almost Entirely of
Mass Plays— Yale Beats
West Point.
EARVAED FOOTBAXI, GIANTS
DEFEAT BROWN POINTLESS
•'_• ',''¦,• s ""t Iwi W"n cafilv. Win
ner. J.^ McCue s^ br. g. by Domlno-Merehill.
Hfl.'couace Maid* 104? Conundrum io5. Pavne
ruflonj" RACE -"'iih T^lght handicap, six
netting Horse. Weight. Jockey. Ft «.; Fin
. to I— G«r Boy. 1«3 .Odom)..... 5 -<* ft
£ to 1 — Damon. 110 <ONein> 2 S » 1 1
ill: £o"£n HenrT ut> - clonmel i«rvSau e b
RACE— Selling; one and a sixteenth
Pftting. Horse. Weight, Jockev. St. K Fin
2 to 1— fnmaeked. Iftfi <W. Fuiler) 5 1 1 lii
2 «" 1— G.vlota. JW ,t. Meade)...lO 7 2 U*
60 to 1— Locket, 101 (0'Brien) 3 2 3 •»
Time. 1:12 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. E. R. Themes' ch. c. by MedUr-
Melba. Kohinoor 112, Gold Dome 107, aloo ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Billow handicap, one
end a Quarter milee:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. gt. » 4 Fin
7 to 1 — Salv&tella. «8 (R*dfern). . . 6 5 1 ns
2« to 5— Eugenia Burch.108 (Hicks) 4 4 2 ns
B to .'. — Hurstbourne, 117 (Odom). 3 3 3 10
Time, 2:04 1-5. Start fair. Won driving
dinner. W A. Chandlers b. f. by Caldron-
V 'i?*v , P , h *? ff , B * 11 9T - SUmpin* Ground
3<«. Rightful U7. Lux Cast* H(0. also ran.
THIRD RACE— The Produce Hakes; two
>ear-old colts and geldings; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. » 4 Fin.
Jf to 1" — Stalwart. 122 (Redfern)... 1 i 1 1
* to 1 — Orthodox. Ill (Odom) 3 3 22
4 to 2 — Dick Turpin. Ill (Bullmn) 2 2 3 2
SECOND RACE — The Chantllly handicap;
eieepi«chase ; about two and a half mllea:
lJettln* Horse. Weight. Jockey. S:. «j Fin.
U to 5 — Ennght 150 (Donohue). 2 1 1 50
33 to 10— J. I'biir.pe 112 (Mara).. 5 !i 2 2
6<».to 1— Gysle. 132 (Bemhardt). . 3 3 33
Time, 5:23. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. E. Wldener's b. g. by Candlemas-
Kibelot. Baron Pepper 150, Gucar 130 also
ran.
:; to 1— Rob Roy. loa iBullm&n).. 112 4
to to 1 — L.. Mirthful. 107 (Jones). 8 6 3 h
Time. 1 :07 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winnsr. Weston Stables' ch. c. by Torso-The
Gowip. The Bowery 110 Gay Llzftte 107, Al
ttunquin it*,. Briaxthorpe 107 Gay Lothario
llii Sir Carter 107. Fine Art 107. Totness 107.
Tithonlc 110. alfo ran.
BRIGHTON BEACH, ft. T.. Oct. 24.—
Notwithstanding the discomforts attend
ing outdoor eport to-day, there was an
excellent attendance at Brighton Beach,
where the autumnal season of racing
twelve days In duration, was brought to
a close. The card Included the colt divis
ion of the Produce stake and a handicap
at a mile and a Quarter.
The latter contest was of the most
thrilling description, three racf rs finishing
so close together that, while many
thought that they could name the wln
n<r, none was certain until the official
verdict web rendered. This was that Wil
liam Astor Chandler's SaJva.tella had won.
She was on the outside, or nearest to the
public. A majority of the onlookers were
of the opinion that Eugenia Burch had
won. She was in the center. From the
clubhouse it seemed as if Hurstbourne
had won. He was next the rail. The
Judges declared that it. was by far the
closest finish of the meeting between
thr^e horses. Summary:
FIRST RACB— Maiden two-year-olds; Fell-
Ing; five and a half furlongs:
Metting. Horsp. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
* to 1— Pol Roger 110 (Fuller).. 6 2 1 h
One mile, eelllnsr — George Dewey. 109 (I.
Powell). 8 to 5, won; Billy Moore. 109 (Chan
dler). 1 to 1. second; Augle, 109 (J. Lewis),
« to 1. third.- Time, 1:41^. Searcher and
Vachusctt also ran.
Six furlonsr*. sellinc— Myrtle H.- 112 (Seo.
2 to 1. won; El Plloto. 113 <Frawley). 3 to 4
*eccncj; Sir Christopher. 112 (L. Spencer) 5 to
I. third. Time. 1:14. Frank Pearce. judge
r>.spton. Dwlght Way and Esternell also ran
One and a sixteenth miles. Mott handicap-
Solon. 110 (I. Powell). 7 to 10. won; M. F
Tarpfy. W (Hlldebrand), 7 to 1. second: Brag*.
lM (Knapp). 3 to 1. third. Time. 1:47. Grail
and Dr. Shorb also ran.
Five furlor.Ks, wiiinc — Mateoro, 110 (Fraw
ley), 3 to 1, wen; Phyz. 106 (Henderson), 3 to
•J, s«cond: Adnor. Ill (L. Jackson). 2 to 1,
third. Time. 1:02. Inco. Olivio, Gusto ana
Kr.ltaire also ran.
fr-ix furlonss. three-year-olds and upward —
Blue Miracle, 105 (Knapp), « to 5, won; Achil
la, 110 iS«*). 5 to 2. second; Tamm, 10$
(Frawley). 2 to 1, third. Time, 1:144. The
Toiler. Casador, Red TId and Barbara also ran
Scvtn furlongs, selling— Sherry. 107 (Water
bury), 4 to 1. won: Adrea, 108 (A. Powell), 'M
to V. second: Limber Jim, lu" (Tullett) 3 to
4. third. Time. 1:2SU. El Pllar, IsabellUa.
Dr. Worth. Ulm and Rixford also ran
THE SUMMARIES.
LOS AXGKLES. Oct. 24.— Weather fine
track fast. Summary:
On top of this came another single-horse
race. Seven faced the rubber In a seven
furlong jaunt, and Sherry, a 4 to 1 chance,
ridden by Waterbury, wa's not headed
from the first Jump. Limber Jim, the 3 to
4 favorite, piloted by Ikey Fullett, lost the
place to Adrea, a 30 to 1 outsider.
Although Meteora finished on three legs
he was good enough to capture the third
purse. The distance was five furlongs,
and Frawley, who had the leg, got his
away first to a ragged start. Phyz, the
favorite, under Henderson's indifferent
handling fought it out for the place with
Adnor a couple of lengths behind Meteora
at the end. Roltalre was left again.
El Plloto had the honor of being In
stalled favorite, and once more the brown
gelding met with defeat. "With Frawley
In the saddle, as usual, he closed a 3 to 4
favorite for the fourth number and fin
ished second to Myrtle H. On the stretch
turn Krawley lost an acre of ground,
while See, astride Myrtle H, hugged the
rail. The latter mare was heavily backed,
and In a driving finish received the ver
dict by a head. Sir Christopher ran a
poor third.
Powell followed up his victory on Solon
by landing the concluding mile selling run
with George Dewey. Billy Moore cut out
thepace, but faltered noticeably the last
sixteenth, succumbing by nearly a length
finally. Chandler, rider of the last-named
horse, was fined $25 by the Judges for
Jostling the winner. Searcher, which
opened favorite, would prove more ser
viceable in the express wagon business.
It is reported on good authority to-night
that John F. Morse, presiding judge at
"Washington Park, Chicago, will act In
that capacity when Ascot Park opens on
December 24. F. E. MULHOLLAN'D.
Blue Miracle, a 3 to 2 favorite, with big
Bill Knapp on his back, made a cathop of
the introductory sprint. Behind him
tracked a dilapidated cluster of cheap
ones, and the first chance was with
Knapp taking him up. Achilles, piloted
by Lee. beat the late Mr. Frawley, astride
Tamm.
Strictly speaking three favorites got
home first. The. feature event of the day
wan the Mott handicap, decided over one
mile and a sixteenth, with a field of five
starting. Solon, carrying top weight, 116
pounds, had first call in the betting, and
under Powell's clever horsemanship led
M. P. Tarpey out half a length In 1:47.
Bragg made all the running, but after be
ing bumped In the stretch was willing to
give It up. M. F. Tarpey, which had but
96 pounds to negotiate, appears .to have
suffered a return of his best form. Dr.
Sharp, the 90-pounder, with a better start
would have been a contender. Grail could
not untrack herself.
LOS ANGELE8, Oct. 24.— There was an
other large crowd at Agricultural Park
this afternoon, and the syndlcators were
kept busier than the peanut merchant at
a Harbor View Sunday picnic Neither
the choke nor strangle hold was barred,
and the longest price runner was Sherry,
a 4 to 1 chance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Favorites Reach
Home First at Los
Angeles.
Salvatella Gets Decision
in Close Finish at
Brighton.
WINS HANDICAP
BY AN EYELASH
SOLON CAPTURES
MOTT HANDICAP
FIVE BUNCHED
AT THE FINISH
LYNCH TROPHY
FOR GREYHOUNDS
MISS CRAWFORD
WINS GALLOPING
Fort Dearborn Handicap
Has a Sensational
Ending.-
Eighty " Coursers Com
pete on Ingleside
i - Field.
Favorite Takes Fbre-r
cast Handicap at
! ¦ St.' Louis. ' ; ;
The firat round, of the Henry H. Lynch
cup stake for greyhounds was run yester
day afternoon at Ingleside Coursing Park.
There were a number of upsets In the
betting. In one trial th© showing made
by one of the hounds was so unsatisfac
tory that Judge Tierney declared all' bets
off, "for which action he was applauded
by the spectators. This was the course
between October Lad and McHenry. The
former was the offender, and his poor
showing will probably result in an in
vestigation by the stewards as ' to the
cause. . r ., ...
The. dogs which are thought to have a
chance for a share of the big money this
afternoon are Queen's Motto, Homer Boy,
Our Motto, J. E. H. and Little Plunger.
The trials were of a more even charac
ter than usual yesterday, the hares know
ing their -way to the escapes, and not
taking -the dogs all over the field. Few
of the dogs had hard running. The fog
rolled "In during- the afternoon and ob
scured some of -the trials. The results la
detail, with Judge Thomas Tierney's of
ficial scores, follow:
' Doreen'beat Frank Dunn. 8-3; Real Duchesa
beat Yankee Boy. 5-3: Colored Lady beat
FlnooJa, 8-2; Bonnie Hughle beat Linda Vista.
8-4; Beauty Gold beat Our Myra. 9-3; Lulu
Girl beat Tellowtail. 7-3; Facing Billy beat
Virginia Boy, 0-3; Boots beat Lost Girl. 6-5;
Viking beat. .Flora. Temole. 6-3; Equator beat
White Mystery, 7-0; Tobaaco Bob beat Don
Pedro. '&-*; Half Moon beat Rich Argosy, 10-b;
Braw'e Hill beat Imperious. 4-2: Advance
Guard beat King Death. 13-5; Queen's Motto
beat Belfast. 4-1: Piker beat Star Syhranu*.
5-4; Van Nora, beat Bob R. 8-0; Ellen Hayes
beat Roulette. 6-2: Homer Boy beat Topay
Turvey. 11-4: Roxana beat Pepper Jack, «-4;
Ploughman beat Miss Green. 6-4; Our Motto
beat Concord Buy, 5-0; Misa Wilson beat Black
Flush, u-4; Tom Hurlick beat Luxury.- 8-1;
Dorothy -M a bye. Onward Maud withdrawn;
Intruder, beat Meddlesome. 8-1 ; Progresso beat
Fair Glen. 8-1; Gold Lily beat Lady Menlo.
5-0; J ¦ E H beat Algy McDonald. 7-2; Master
Claic beat Van Alba. 7-2; . Haddlngton a. bye.
Runaway Girl withdrawn: C'rcmo beat Kati-.
Belle, 6-2: Mountain Poet- beat Rock«feller.
6-2; Mike Rice beat Kittleman, 6-1; Silver
Cloud beat Clobefell. 4-0; Orsina beat Mornln*
Glory, 8-3; McHenry beat October Lad, 14-0;
Little Lucy beat Otto. 6-3; Little Plunger beat
Commercial Traveler, 11-6; Odd Eyes beat
Maid of Cowrie. 7-4.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 24.— Of seven well filled
but very .¦ordinary' racesv a* the Fair
Grounds to-day the Forecast handicap was
the fature-arid was won. in a mere'can
ter by aiiss Crawford, favorite hr the beti
ting. She was under, restraint all the way
to the stretch, then dashed to the front
In an eighth. .. /
The weather was clear and the track
fast. Summary: |
FIRST RACE— One mile and seventy yard*,
selling: ¦ • , . -~ •
Betting. Horse; Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Star Gazer, 107 (Savers).. 6 2 13
5 to 1— Hegira. ' 101 (Foley) 83 2h
3 to 1— Larry Wilt, 97 (D.. Austin) 1' 5 3 1
Time, 1:48. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. A. McConncll's ch. g." by Top Gallant-
Satellite. Kings Court 9«, Eocrys 101. Com
mena 99, Dr. HoUcher 88, Sweet Charity DO,
General Dlx 00. Honda 85. Crime 95, Sweet
Dream 102, Alborac 98, Class Leader 98, also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half- furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Lady Free Knight, 101
(Foley) 7 3 1^
15 to 1— Our Lillle, 100 (Sayers).. 2 12 3
3 to 1— Kilo. 105 (D. Austin) 1 5 3n'
Time, 1:08%. Start good. Won easily. Win.
ner. H. Dernham's b. f. by Free Knight-Fauna
III. Quaker Girl 106, Soufrlere 100, Haven
Run 102, Frank Collins 102, Lemon Girl 100,
Lady Fonso 95/ Bird Pond 100, Lookaway 103,
also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 1 — Dr. Scharff. 103 (Sayers). 1 3 1 1U>
20 to 1 — One More, 100 (Calvlt> 11 1 2 3'
8 to 1— Joe Goes, 106 (Haack) 5 7 3 h
¦Time, 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. TV. O'Neill's ch. c. by Donald A-Mls
uouri. Mocorito 100, Dolly Gray 105, Revenge
Dare 95. Optimo 101. Lady Idrls 98, Miss Guido
104, Tommy Knight 96, Sid Silver 107, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile. Forecast Handi
cap: ¦ /
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
6 to 5— Miss Crawford,113(Dmnck) 5 4 13
12 to 1-T.Walnut Hill, 9S (Boyd).. 3 2 2 %
5 to 1— Lrd Hermence.lOl(F.Smth) 4 6 3 h
Tlxn *- 1; 42%. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Darden & Co.'s cb. f. by Tenny-
Flo IL Bugler 98, Old Stone 120, Imboden 107,
Don O'HlKh 96. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
selling. ...
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. s; Fin
7 to 5 — Pierce J. 10S (Foley) ..;... 5314
5 to 1 — Emily Oliver, 104 (Miller). 3 4 2 n
6 to 1 — Bird filayer, 95 (Calvit) ... 8 1 32
Time, l:46»i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, H. Robinson's ch. c. by Prince of Monaco-
La Farondelle. Morris Volmer 107. Varna Fon
ho 98. False 102. Sting 08. Venus Victrlx 94.
Exapo 9S, Pearl Diver 90. Discus 94, Loone 99,
al->o ran.
¦ SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
purse.
Betting:. Home. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
ft to 2— Pettljohn. 92 (H.Anderson) ft 4 1 n
10 to 1— Jigger, 100 (Foley) 2 3 2 3.
"4 to 1 — Annie Max. 100 (Johnson) 4 1 3 4
Time. 1 :46V4.' Start «:&od. Won driving.
Winner, Stubbs Bros.' ch. c. by Dorian-Quad
ruplet. HetzM 100, Avoid 92, Mallory 103, Jack
Young 95, Bengal 105, Pourquol Pas 95, also
ran.
- SEVENTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
purse.
Betting. Horse. eWight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 5— Neversuch. 100 (Calvit).'.. 4 113
3 tol— Treaty; 95 XV. Austin)... 7 7 2n
8 to 5— Cnpt. Ga8ton, 10D (Foley). 5 5 3 8
Time. 1:58' «. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. K. Hughes' ch. c. by Mlrthful-Clymena.
Second Mate 95, Sardian 95, WJlhelmina .97.
also ran. ' • ., r v ;
CHICAGO. Oct. -24.— Colonial Girl,
backed from. 6, to ldown to ,4 to 1,. won
the Fort Dearborn handicap at Worth to
day. It was the most sensational race
run at the local- tracks this year, as five
of 'the nine were compactly bunched at
the wire, probably not more than two
lengths separating them all. . ¦
There was a long delay at the post and,
when finally sent away, the field was
strung out. with Toah a length in front.
At the turn Haviland took command and
he held the lead to the far turn, closely
attended by Toah and Sidney C. Love.
Jockey Gray in the meantime had Wlt
full pocketed, while Colonial Girl had
clear sailing. Turning into the stretch
Colonial Girl passed Toah. leading him a
neck. The two raced together, with Sid
ney C. Love lapped on them.
The track was fast, the weather clear
and cold and one of the largest crowds of
the meeting was present. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; sellins:_';.-
Betting. HorFe, Weight. Jockey. St. Fin. •
5 to 1— H. McDanlel, 99 (Wilson). 4 116
20 to 1— Eva's Darling, 102 (Ferll) 7 2 22
6 to 1— Ivernia. 99 (Booker) 1 6 3 2
Time, 1 :26 2-5. Start fair. Won in canter.
Winner, S. C. Hildreth's b. c. by Buck Massie-
EUangowal. Belle Mahone 102. Ledua 104.
Antolee 102. Marlln 100. Florestan 97. . Jim
Halfr 104, Capable 104, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling: -
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey.. St. % Fin.
Even — Neverf ret. 101 (Adams) ... 1 1 14
9 to 2— M. Johnson. 10O (Taylor)., 7 6 2 1
16 to 1— Quiz II. 106 (Phillips) '2 3 31 ,
Time, :59 3-5. Start good. Won in canter.
Winner M. Lowensteln & CoJb c». a\ byTba
Hero-Hattie Wl Bensonhurst 102, Filly Deck
100, Lowly 95, Nabocklish 110. Light Hunt
108, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Mile; Fort Dearborn handi
cap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Colonial Girl. Ill (Hall).. & 2 In
3 to 1— Wltfull. 112 (Gray) 2 6 21"
15 to 1— I Know, 100 (Ferrell>....V 4 8 3b
Time, 1 :40 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, C. E. Ro'we's b. t. by Meddler-Spring
tide Toah 108, Sidney C. Love 104,. St.. Tam
many 102, Potheen 95. Dr. Stephens 98, Havl-
Iand 102, also ran. . ..
FOURTH RACE— On« and a sixteenth miles;
handicap:
Betting-. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1 — iAirallKhter. 93 (Phillips). 4 1 In
7 to 1 — Ethylene, 103 (Pollak).... 2 2 2 h
5 to 1 — Bondage. 94 (J. Mclntyre). 9 6 3 3
Time. 1 :45 2-5. Start poor. Won driving:.
Winner, J. F. Davis & Co.'s b. f. by Lamp
ltghter-Lura F. Major Tenny 105. Nitrate 103,
Incubator 108. By Ways 104. Eda Rlley 99.
Louisville 92, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a halt furlongs;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weifht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
t) to I— Wm. Wright. 103 (Pollak) 1 2 1 3V4
2 to 1— Clifton Forge. 113 (Wilms) 4 1 2 2H
60 to 1— The Hebrew. 103 (Phillips) 3 8 3 h
Time, 1:06 1-5. Start good. Won in canter.
Winner J. F. Cushinsr"s b. c. by Boundless-
May Bee. Prince SilverwlnKs 103, King Ells
worth 104. Witchcraft 110. Ralr.land 113.
Clangor 103, Ananias 104, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a half miles; Bell
ing::
B«ttlng:. Horse. Weig-ht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Airtight. 97 (J. Booker)... 2 4 1 n
9 to 5 — Brief. 102 (L.. Wilson) 3 7 2 3
8 to 1— Tancred. 102 (PolIaJO. ..... S 1 3 2
Time. 2;34 2-5. Start f falr. Won handily.
Winner, J. H. McDerment & Co.'b br. f. by
Lajnpltghter-Sunbe&in. FinraJ 1C5, Tufts (X).
Compass 07, Miss Liza 97, Lady Chorister 99.
also ran. "¦ . . ¦ • • < ~
JOHN O. KEENE RETURNS
• ' FROM ST. PETERSBURG.
Russian Turf Officials Beversa De
cision and Give Him Permission. '
to Resume Training.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— John O. Keene.
the Kentucky turfman and trainer, who
was suspended by Russian turf officials
for nine months because of the alleged use
of "dope." has returned from St. Peters
burg. Keene was accused of using a
mysterious decoction to make his horses
win, and because of jealousies among
owners he v^s told to lay off. He carried
his case to the highest authorities and
was told • to resume his training at the
opening of the racing season at Warsaw
next May. He will spend a few months
in Kentucky and will sail for Russia In
February. -His record of 116 winning rac«s
Is the best, ever known of In Europe. ...-¦ - *».
M'CHESNEY MAY
RACE AT OAKLAND
CALIFORNIA MARE
REGAINS RECORD
Shows Marvelous Speed
Beating Cresceus' .
. > ; 'Time.
Owner Smathers Favors
the Meeting Across
the Bay.
MEMPHIS, iTenn.,' Oct 24.— Lou Dillon,
the peerless trotter owned by C.K.' G.
Billingg;of Chicago and driven by" Mil
lard Sanders/proved her right to the
proud title of queen of the turf this after
noon by trotting a mile under ' adverse
conditions .In the remarkable tlme : of
1:58%. The daughter of, Sidney Dillon was
paced by a runner driven by Scott Mc-
Coy and another runner followed closely
to urte- the. mare to a supreme effort.
The track of the Memphis Driving Club
never, showed to better advantage.
Sprinklers were employed throughout the
day putting on finishing touches and
when the time: for Lou Dillon's -trial ar
rived the course waq perfect. -A. strornj
wind from the. north swept down the long
back stretch, however, and Judge Newton
announced to - the : spectators * that too
much should not be expected of the game
little trotter.
Lou Dillon appeared on the track v at
5:10 p. m. and after a preliminary spin
Sanders announced he was ready for the
start. The two. runners were aligned in
position and It was noticed that a strip
of board about one yard wide was fas
tened to the pacemaker' 3 sulky directly
under the seat. This, it was announced,
was used to keep the dust out of the
mare's face. • • * .
OFT AT FIBST ATTEMPT.
At the first start Sanders nodded for
the word and the flag dropped. After go-
Ing an eighth of a mile Sanders yelled to
McCoy to drive faster, nnd it looked as
if the mare would catch the runner. Mak
ing the first turn the remarkable work
of Lou Dillon could be better seen by tho
thousands present and like a piece of
perfect machinery she reached the quarter,
pole in :30. The turn for the back stretch
was now reached, and many expected to
see the champion falter because of the
wind. To the surprise of every one Lou
Dillon seemed to travel faster and when
the half-mile was reached the timer's
slate clicked out :59V6- A great cheer arose
and many horsemen predicted that a new
record was making. On the far turn Mc-
Coy was forced to whip the runner to
keep clear of. the trotting marvel which
was pressing him closely. The three
quarters pole was passed in 1:28V4 and the
mare had turned for home.
The wind was an advantage now rather
than a detriment and with a superb burst
of speed Lou Dillon, urged on by tho
shouts of the drivers of the : runners,
dashed under the wire In 1:58^.
When the time was flashed to the spec
tators hats were thrown Into the air and
cheer followed cheer. Sanders was liter
ally lifted from his sulky by an admiring
throng, while Mr. 1 Billings was showered
with congratulations. : It was a noticeable
fact that watches of the three official
timers agreed to the fraction, and many
horsemen standing in the Infield caught
the time as officially announced to a
fraction. The timers j were. Budd Doble,
Fred Hartwell of Chicago and John Dick
erson of New-York. .: - „.,„.-, x . ,
'After the mHw had 1)epn blanketed and
sent to her £arrri; Senders, _. her -/.driver ;
said:
DRIVER SANDERS' PREDICTION.
"I am not a bit surprised at the result
of Lou Dillon's effort. 1 expected to
break the .world's record despite the ad
verse conditions. I desire to say that it
Is my candid opinion that Lou Dillon can
trot as fast as any horse in the world
can pace, and next year I will demon
strate this statement. With perfect con
ditions to-day I would be afraid to say
how fast the mare would have trotted
the mile."
Two other world's. records were broken
this afternoon. Dariel, a bay mare by
Alexander, driven by McDonald, paced a
mile in 2:00^4. The former pacing record
for a mare was held by Fanny Dlllard,
2:03%. ..•¦¦'...
Equity and The Monk, from Mr. Bil
lings' stable, were sent a mile against
the 2:12*4 trotting-to-pole record. The
two horses were driven by Mr. Billings in
faultless style and passed under the wire
In 2:09»i-
SUMMABY.
2:11 pace, purse $1000 — Cascade won two
straight heats in 2:07%, 2:O7V4. Comsin Madge,
Tees, Daniel J. Minnie Christie, Stlpulator,
Tony W and Sebastian also started.
2:07 pace, purse $1000 — Star Hal won two
straight heats In 2:06%, 2:07%. WInfleld
Stratton, Foxy Curd.' Chestnut, Cuhanola and
Trilby Direct also started.
Half-mile pace to wagon, amateur drivers-
Primrose defeated Babe Allerton in two
straight heats. Time, l:O29i, 1:03%.
2:20 pace. Emerald handicap, purse $2000,
one and a half miles — Hal ChaDin won In
3:18%. Mary Anna, Oiabiltto and Five Points
also started.
To beat 2:03?i. world's pacing record for
mares— Darlel, by Alexander-Top«y (McDon
ald). Time by quarters, :2S)%, :3»%, 1:20,
2:00Vi. .
To beat 2:12%, world's trotting record to
pole — Equity and • The Monk (Mr. Billings).
Time by quarters. :32%. 1:05%, l:38\i. 2:09V».
To beat the world's trotting record, 1:59*4.
held by Cresceue — Lou Dillon, br. m. by Sid
ney Dillon-Lou Medium, by Milton Medium
(Mlllard Banders). Time by quarters, :30,
:50V4. 1:28%, 1:58H.
Special Dispatch* to The Call,
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— President Thom
as Hi Williams of the New California
Jockey Club of San Francisco has com
pleted his labors in New York and began
his journey to San Francisco Thursday.
He will spend three days in Chicago to
complete some details of his mission to
induce Eastern horsemen and those from
the Middle West to attend the winter
racing season and then head" for his home
city, where he Bays all is in readiness for
what promises to be. the most, successful
racing season ever -seen in California.
Never before has there been a. better
outlook so far as the horses about New
York proper is concerned, and while never
before have there been four tracks bid
ding for patronage it is assured that the
coast will secure the "class" of-the horses
in training. Many owners who have an^
nounced their intention of racing, at Los
Angeles will do so largely as an expert'
ment, with San Francisco In view should
the new association fail to live up to any
of its many promises.
President Williams would make no pub
lic declaration of the attitude he intends
taking toward the Los Angeles track, .al
though he has never been worried over
the rival in the Far West. It is thought
he will throw no obstacles in the way of
the new association so long as its man
agers are content to conduct a thoroughly
reputable meeting, although it will be
asked that the rulings of the San Fran
cisco tracks be respected In the manage
ment of the new meeting.
RACE PROMOTER ACTIVE.
With Sheridan Clark doing the advance
work for the meeting of the Crescent City
Jockey Club at New Orleans, Tom Wil
liams exploiting San Francisco with the
able help of "Jake" Holtman, J.' W.
Brooks, Ed Cole and other lieutenants
holding forth on the many advantages of
racing at Los Angeles and some misison
ary work done on behalf, of the proposed
meeting at Hot Springs, the horsemen
have never had such a variety offered for
the winter months. Horsemen thus far
have been loth to take the Hot Springs
meeting seriously. This condition of af
fairs practically put that track out of the
running so far as securing promises from
horsemen was concerned and It has been
a pretty contest between New Orleans,
San Francisco and Los Angeles for the
patronage. San Francisco has more than
held her own in this contest and when
the season opens next month it will be
with all the old stables and with a goodly
percentage of new ones, who have long
looked forward to a season at the coast.
One plan that will be put into opera
tion as a. saving of the expense of the
long trip across the continent is for a
single trainer to gather a string of con
siderable dimensions and formidable class
from several racing establishments. He
will be a public trainer and the composite
String will .be composed of high-class
horses that will perform In many of the
stakes. • No 1 horses-wtJr' be-taken except
for an active racing campaign. The
trainer has not yet been named for this
duty, but It is assured that every care
will be taken in his selection, and; that
he will have, the Fervices of one or two
of the b»?st jockeys now riding in the
East. ,
IIACKEY DWYEE TO START.
Sandy McNaughton. who ! brought
Jockey Connell from San Francisco oarly
this season, will return to the coast with
a good string, to which he has added
while in New York. One of the best of.
the lot and a horse which should give a'
good account of himself during the long
season is the three-year-old Mackey
Dwyer. Thi3 colt was ' purchased from
Senator McCarren and is a good stake
winner. He has engagements in the San
Francisco stakes and is the best Mc-
Naughton will have in his care when he
leaves.
"Doc" Kyle has announced he will racf.
In San Francisco. One of the fastest of
his lot Is Ahumada, winner of the Carter
handicap and several other high-class
handicaps. T. H. Healey will spend the
winter in California, but is one of the
horsemen who will go to Los Angele3
should conditions be favorable. William
Oliver will be seen at San Francisco, al
though he will depend upon purchases in
the West for his winter racing string.
Morris Donovan, who has the handling
of the steeplechase stable of W. F. Mac-
Lean of Toronto, Canada, has announced
that he expects to have a small and select
lot of jnmperB on the coast during the
coming season, although as yet he has
not brought the stable together. He \i .11
handle horses cf different interests.
E. E. Smathers, the millionaire owner
of McChesney, the champion four-year
old of the year, is said to be particularly
favorable to the San Francisco meetings
and an effort may be made to send the
pon of MacDuff to the coast. In the event
that he should decide to race in the
Western city Sam Hildreth will be the
trainer chosen and his presence hinges
largely on the question as to whether or
not Hildreth would be welcome. In New
York Frank Taylor has been handling the
horses for Mr. Smathers, but it was onl>
because of Hildreth being in bad odor
with the New York Jockey Club. This
fact would have kept Smathers from rac
ing in the East at all had it not been
for his eagerness to meet HermJs and Wa
terboy. He met and decisively defeated
Hermis. while Waterboy has carefully
avoided a meeting. •
HEAVY, PXUNGERS COMING-.
Bookmakers will attend San Francisco
in the same number as former years and
there •will be a newcomer in the person
of Plunger John J. Ryan, he of ."get-rlch
quick" fame. Ryan will not operate un
der his own name in the San , Francisco
ring, but he will have a book and possi
bly two throughout the entire racing sea
son. In the i>ast month the operations of
Ryan on t the Eastern turf have been of
the most*glgantlc nature. He has been a
thorn in the. side of the Jockey Club,
whose great desire Is to call as little at
tention as possible to the betting end of
racing by reason of the existing j laws.
Some of the ethers who will have slates
in San Francisco are George Rose. Joe
Rose, William Jackman. J. H. Davis and
several members of the Metropolitan Turf
Association, the governing body of the
reputable bookmakers in the East.
Manager Brooks while in New York
has been using every endeavor to secure
the services ' of "Jake" Holtman ." and
"Dick" Dwyer to start at the Los An
geles'meeting, and this fact may result
in complete harmony in the racing situa
tion of the West. Both of these starters
are engaged to alternate at Oakland and
Ingleside. and.it is up.to President Wil
liams, whose permission is needed. • Mr.
Williams has expressed a willingness to
share his officials should the Los Angeles
association "agree to conform with the
rules of the New California Jockey, Cldb,
the governing body of racing on the coast.
No answer has been ¦ reported from Man
ager Brooks, but It Is thought. this con
dition will: be accepted and the starters
will b*» appointed. ¦ . '..'.¦¦'¦''¦¦ '.-•'.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. '24. — One thousand negro
longshoremen .. «truck here to-day for an in
crease In wages.
POLYTECHNIC ELEVEN"
IS DEFEATED BY LICK
The Vanquished Kickers Are Ten
dered a Banquet at the School by v
¦ Their Fair Classmates.
The victorious march of the Polytech
nic High School football eleven wa*s
checked by the team from the Lick High
School yesterday morning, when the for
mer team went under by a score of 10 to
2. The Lick team outweighed the Poly,
but the latter players were game and
fought every inch of the way.
• The Lick eleven played the better foot
ball all along the line and profited by the
costly fumbles of their opponents. They
also bucked the line with a deal of force
and were effective on the defensive. The
Polytechnic players made several at
tempts at field goals and failed each time.
Yesterday's game evened up the three
high ' school elevens, . Lick, Polytechnic
and 'Lowell. ..."..-.
After the game the Polytechnic - giants
were remembered by the fair young ladies
of the school in the way of a quiet little
luncheon at the school,, Bush and Stock
ton streets. The fair maids and the van
quished heroes made merry for- several
hours under the eyes of a bevy of teach
ers. .-' ,; .-.;:¦. ¦ . ;-; N/
, The fair scholars prepared a tempting
repast and the pigskin artists forgot their
troubles between gulps of hard elder.. The
room was tastefully . decorated with the
class colors and each lad' who performed
on the gridiron was handed a souvenir.
Following , is the ;• ¦ line-up of the two
Lick. Polytechnic.
O'Connor. . . ..... ...L. E. ............. .Ashley
Main ...:.;..... L. T.... ....Reardon
•Mulllni...... ........ LL G.....T. Lowe.; Weis
¦Hotchkiss............C. Laulhere
Sillingham..........R. O Bonlfleld
Bertz (captaln)....R. ;T..... .Skavlan
Schmidt. ............R.E...........McKenzie
C.Golcher.... ...,; ::G. ............ .Saunders
Merrltt.".;'.:... '.':;:..!.. H./»...........:'.GoerI
B.Golcher.Kahopf.R. H.. .Martin (captain)
Snell. ..Q. .'...... Kloppenberg
LOU DILLON, 1:58 1/2, AGAIN PROVES HER RIGHT TO THE PROUD TITLE OF QUEEN OF THE TROTTING TURF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
LA.KEWOOD, N. J.. Oct. 24. — Grover Cleve
land and his children and Mrs. Cleveland'*
mother arrived her* to-day in a special train
and Joined Mrs. Cleveland at the Lakewood
collage called "The Uttle White."
38
_ADVEETISEMENT S.
fV^iio Have §
GONORK IJICEJJ. %
Th* Drosrress in the study of con- B
tract*d disorders in the :>ast few yf>am M
has rrfjlt^d in advanced methods of S
M-rurtng r^rmanrnt resyltf. In my B
practice I uht snfeia] methods of irri- Is
ration and a. method of my own <>- B
visin* for installations that cure gfxi- B
orrho^a PERJIANEXTLT in from :« to H
10 dayc. I make frequent inspections fiJ
of th': canal by meutu of a small elec- H
trie !i«ht, which eRableF me to 6C«> tj
i and treat each Inflamed part wpa- g
j rttejy. and I am also enabled to chow. Hj
the patient himself the condition* that H
i «rtua!ly ex!«. Following my treat- K
ment there are no evil hfter results. ()
Ther* is no stricture to fear, nor the |.t
fllrhtest chsnee of a chronic condi- B
tion (sometimes called rl^*t). but H
triere it COMPLETE healing of the in- H
; flamfd and poleoned tissue. Never W
1 use harsh injections or drastic inter- p
i' nal remedies to etor> the dincharge. B
for if you do it ie certain that in the ft
future sou will find your state worse M
than evrr. I guarantee vou a PER- H
FECT CI'RE. and as well a* that fcj
I AM ALWAYS WIL.UX0 TO WAIT fl
mn MY FKV. TILT, YOt'RE PfRED H
Ttt Lttticg Bpttnl i\ Dr. 0 0 JOSLEW ||
"Weakness*' i
What In commonly termed fnne- H
tionaJ Rf«kne« is merely a symptom i|
of prostatSc disorder. To stimulate tj
•cti\1ty by the use of powerful tonics ¦
if an *>«y raatter. but isuch results H
are merely temiiorary drug effircts. pt
Mw' doctors treat "weakneFS" In this H
manner because they do not know how. H
to cure the real cause of the derange- H
m^nt. I am the only physician em-
ploylnt sctenUHc and successful meth-
ods. I use no tonics at all. My treat-
ment i« a local one entirely and cor-
rects- every abnormal prortate eland.
My cure? are real cures, and are t>er-
manent. *
My Fees Are Fair and
My CURES Are PERMANENT
1 "Liie All Your Years a Man"
D This ¦ Is the title of my pamphlet,
which is mailed free, sealed and under
plain cover, to all who write. It dl«-
cusses "Weakness," Varicocele, Con- Pj
tructed Diseases. Sp*eiflc Blood Pol- U
¦on. Stricture, etc., and tells of my B
methods of treating these disorders. p»
Conaultatlon free at office or by mall. ||
Home Treatment Is Always
Certain and Satisfactory. §1
dr.o.c7joslei\i I
Market and Kearaj Sts. 1
frirzle Entrance, 702 Market Street I
- ' ¦ ¦ • V ADVERTISEMENTS.
";¦ .' .:" amiuml . imi ,, /
IMlTx MmM mSa F'^S «*#¦«! Mtf— r^^r^ l^T Veil ¦LqJ GBfifll 9tSS H_7fil ¦£&¦ I I MSCm
OLD SORES There is no better evidence of a bad condition of the blood
and unhealthy state of the system than a sore that won't heal, or
ULCERS ¦ a festering, discharging Ulcer or Abscess, There are many ways
'__,______ by which the blood may become contaminated and poisoned. A
.ABSCESSES long spell of malarial fever, or other debilitating sickness, the
excessive use of mercury in certain diseases, inactive kidneys and
torpid liver, exposure and lack of nourishing food, weaken the constitution and cause
the system to become congested with impurities which are taken • up by the blood, and
wherever the flesh is bruised or scratched a festering sore or discharging ulcer begins.
A boil or blister, pimple or burn often develops into a frightful looking sore because of
the unhealthy condition of the blood, and the place will continue to grow and spread, finally
reaching the bones and causing them to decay unless w
X i_i & i • ij •/- j j it. i. ix. Kenton, Ohio. Aug. 22. 1903.
the blood is purged and purified and the system tnor- some eight years ago a smaii blister
ouerblv cleansed of all morbid and unhealthy accumu- appeared on my upper Up. i tried several
¦ i . • mi • . i j rit! i_ i j local applications in an effort to heal it, bnt
lations. This cannot be done with washes, salves and without avail. Finally i consulted a doctor,
soaps, which only afford temporary relief. but **• 8or « did not yield to Ms .treatment,*
' J J so consulted another without any better
Such things neither make the blood any purer nor 'waits. The third doctor pronounced it
the system any cleaner, and to depend upon them alone l SSi. ! i l d l i. l _gSi It^;
is suicidal and senseless. The sore or ulcer is only a sore was discolored. After treating it for
symotom, an outlet for/the poisons circulating in the 2~££t3TO£ffi2fffi££S
blood, and as long as it remains impure the 1 sore will advised that i go to Chicago and have it cut
never heal. It may scab over and appear to be getting S^iSdSSSS^Sgif SKAS
well,. 'but a fresh outpour of matter from the diseased began its use, and the sore soon began to
blood starts it again, and thus it jjoes on, sometimes £&£?£SSS3SSrt£2?&£J!:
for. years, slowly Sapping away^the life of the patient. returned. Several years have elapsed since
;L 1 -. . ., ¦ . , „. . its disappearance. JOHN L. SAMR
The only way to get nd or these disgusting evi- ¦
derices of impure blood is to remove the cause by . Now ? astl ®C^.-
purifying the polluted blood, and nothing does this so J^lVS^XSuSSiF?!
surely and effectively as S. S.S.. It drives out of the right foot to the shoe
circulation impurities and germs of every kind; asd by^y^teiungyo^S^tywal^nabie to wane
•under the tonic effect of this great remedy the general for montha - * suppose myb t 1 o K) J 8 w f* q^J
health rapidly recuperates and broken-down constitu- S^d-SSSLSd a? 3Tsi?«r.vi«»gres«.
tions are built up and strength and vigor are restored, towards recovery,;^J^^^ZSiS:^
to all parts of the system. When S. SS. gets into theN^w^k^^
circulation, impurities that have been clogging the £7^^
blood and causing the old sore or, ulcer, are driven out w To-day Tt is entirely healed, andB.s.s.
through the natural channels of the body, and the ? -««-•
place begins to heal, the discharge gradually ceases, * •
new flesh forms and smooth, healthy skin hides all siens of the painful, sickening sore.
_*"¦"¦** _*—^ S -S-& is an entirely vegetable remedy, containing
ftf" 1 *^ ?&****& f*~**k hoth Purifying and tonic properties, making it the ideal
U^^ V V^ IC' medicine whe?e the blood is out of order and the health
X^V %^\: undermined by some \ previous ailment resulting in :
1 |W_J 1 kTl ¦ chronic sores, ulcers, .boils or abscesses.
Q_^/ A sore that does' not heal promptly, no matter W
% *«^; small, wHl bear. watching. It is a sure indication of bad;
blood, and may. develop into something far more serious than a m^i ul , ce J- t It ; ma y;
be^-Cancer Through our medical department we are rendering valuable help^ to Aose
afflicted^ith sores and ulcers of various kinds. Write and pur physicians w^ ad^e
you without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, A TLANTA, GA,LOS ANGELES MEN QUIT.
Dillon Ordered Out of the Game, Calls
Off His Itxen.
SEATTLE, Oct. 24.— With the score standing
6 to 2 In favor of Seattle In the sixth inning,
two men out ¦ and • two men ¦-' on base*. Dllllon
took exception to one of Levy's decisions and
protested so much that he was ordered out of
the game. Dillon then ordered his men off . the
field end the 'same was declared forfeited to
Seattle by 0 to 0. The. actual score was:
R. H. E.
Seattle .21001 2^-6 10 2
Los Angeles :...02 0 0 00— 2 5 3
Batteries — Barber and Byers; \ Corbett , and
Spies. . Umpire— Levy. '
PORTLAND. Oct. 24.— Hodson pitched tnaj
nlflcent ball, up. to the eighth inning to-day,
when Portland : landed on him hard, scoring
three ¦" runs. ¦ San • Francisco made Its only ¦ run
in th* first by: a bunch of errors by Portland.
Scot r t ¦ r. H.E.-
Portland.. ..0 0 0 0001 3x-» 8 H
San Francisco. ..10 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— I « 1
¦• Batteries— McFarlan and Shea; Hodson and
Zearfot.3. Umpire — 0"Connell . ...
Townsend, Killilea. Sheehan. Home run— Mc-
Kay. Two-base hits — Devereaux, Messerly C_'),
Kgan (2). First baee on errors — Oakland, 2:
Sacramento, S. Kit st base on called balls — Off
Cooney. 3; off McKay. 2; off Killilea. 1; off
Knell. 1. Left on 'bases— Oakland, 6; Sac
ramento, 11. ' Struck out — By McKay, 3; by
Killilea. 2;' by. Knell. 3. Passed ball— Gorton.
Time of came — 2 hours ' 15 minutes. Umpire —
McDonald. ~
By far the best match was that between
Frank Mitchell and Sidney Salisbury.
Each won a set, the score being 6—3, 3—6.
Salisbury Is improving steadily and has
one of the fastest drives In the city. Ho
passed Mitchell repeatedly, but the latter
v.as stronger on overhead worfc.
Dr. Lovegrove, the most regular attend
ant on the club courts, showed how rap
idly he has been improving. He gave Gus
Lisser odds of "20" and played a tie with
him. The doctor's peculiar service was
hard for his younger opponent to handle.
Harry Halght and Herbert Long played
four fast sets. Halght won all four, but
the youngster crowded him and made him
play his best to do so.
A. W. Worthington maintained his win
ning streak by taking W. F. Bull into
camp. The winner has not lost a match
in several months and seldom loses a set.
In "doubles Worthington and Bull joined
forces and proved too strong for Dr. No
ble and R. B. Daggett, whom they beat in
straight sets. The matches played result
ed as follows:
A. \V; Worthington beat W. F. Bull,
6-4, 6-4; Herbert Long beat Melville Long,
9-7, 6-3, 4-6; Harry McAfee beat A. Wilson,
6-0, 6-1; Robert\Drolla' tied Alden Ames,
G-4, 0-6, 3-6, 6-4; Frank Mitchell tied Sid
ney Salisbury, 6-3, 3-6; Worthington and
Bull beat Dr. Noble 'and R. B. Daggett,
6-4, 6-2; Harry Halght beat Herbert Long,
6-4, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4; M. Melrose and McAfee
beat L. C. Bozarth and W. Murphy, 7-5;
Dr. Lovegrove tied Gus Llsser (30) 6-0, 6-2,
2-6, 6-4; Bozarth beat Murphy. 6-3. 6-4, 7-3.
9-7; Harry Gabriel and Ray Wolfson tied
Drolla and McAfee, 7-5; 4-6.
The California Club tennis courts were
as well patronized yesterday as Is usual on
Saturday. In the afternoon it was a dif
ficult matter to get a court. The poorer
players had the courts to themselves, as
most of the cracks did not appear.
In the seventh inning, with two on the
sacks and as many gone; Sheehan hit one
to the third base line that looked like a
double; but, as luck willed It, the un
speakable Martinke grabbed the ball with
one mitt and made a play that was a
wonder. .
By winning yesterday's game the Sen
ators Jumped into second place, as San
Francisco was beaten at Portland. It
seems the native stickers will come home
In fifth place. They have not won a game
since they left here, and their chances
of one victory; in' the north are exceed
ingly slim. The score:
Oakland — 1 Sacramento —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
D'Hra,cf 4 5 0 2 O C 'Casey.2b. 5 13 3 3
Rckfd.lf. 4 0 0 8' 1 aildbd.lf. BIO 2 1
Mrdck.rf. 5 1 13 0 MLgn.rf. R 1, 0 0 0
Bchtz,2b. 4 12 4 1 Twen.lb. 6 2 0 10 0
Mtke,3b. 4 0 O 1 3 Eksij.b.. 5 2 3 1 7
M»rly,lb. 3 12 9 O 3hehn,3b. 4 0 0 2 1
Deverx.8. 4 0 1 1 1 Doyle, If. 4 2 13 0
Gorton.c. 4 0 1 6 1 Grahm,c. 5 0 2,61
Coony.p. 0 0 0 ,0 - 0 Killilea. p 3 0 0 0 2
UcKay.p. 4 110 S K^>ll,p. .1110 0
Totals 37- 4 10 27.10 Totals 42 10 11 27 15
:; RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
'Sacramento ....14.0003 0 1 - 0 2—10
Base hitB......Il 0 1 1.3'© 1 0 4—11
Oakland,..:..... 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 1—4
¦.» Base hits.'..... 0,0 1 2 1.4 0 1-1—10
SUMMART.
Hits— Off Oooney. 1: olf McKay.10: off K 11-
Ulea, 6; off Knell. 4. Stolen bases — Doyle (2),
MrLaughlln, Hlldebrand. Errors — Martinke
(5), Devereaux (3). O'Hara, Gorton, Schwartz,
After the first period had 'passed, Peter
banished Cooney. Young McKay came to
the front and pitched good ball. Of
course, he could not . win the way the
team was playing ball behind him. but
he did the best he could. In addition to
twirling a steady game, he boosted the
leather over the right-field fence In the
last spasm f or* a home run. ;
Mike Fisher's latest, Killilea, went Into
the box for the first time, and he shone
brightly nearly all the time. The Crip
ples did not make a run off his delivery.
In the middle of the sixth inning he com
plained of a sore arm. There were a
couple of men on the sacks at the time,
and as soon as Phil Knell entered the
box the Cripples got to him for three
runs.
Peter trotted one Cooney out on the
slab to toss up a few, and It is to be
hoped that this gentleman will never try
to play ball again. He has had tries each
year, and he gets worse as age creeps
upon him. He began the game yesterday
by walking three men In the first inning.
Then he allowed a hit, and Martinke
aided ,the good work by committing three
errors' in that round; so, In all, Mike's
Senators started off with a lead of four
tallies. / ¦ . ¦
W. L. Pet. I W- I'- Pet.
L. Angeles. 113 U9 .021 Seattle .... 85 S'J .180
stic-mento!. 01 IKJ .497 Portland .. 85 Ort .480
iwTraS?:. 95 97 .4».j Oakland ... 70 111 .41tf
The performance at the Eighth-street
baseball lot yesterday afternoon was a
sad and distressing one. It would be. a
crime to call it a ball game. Such an ex
hibition would not be allowed in the corn
cob league. The young gentleman who
plays third for Oakland made only five
errors, and the rest of the team com
mitted six more, so the way thf y played
can be more easily imagined than de
scribed. Score: Sacramento 10, Oak
land 3.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Martinke Piles Up Five
and Devereaux Com
mits Three.
Tennis Courts Thronged
With the Racket
Wielders.
CRIPPLES MAKE
ELEVEN ERRORS
PRACTICE GAMES
ENGAGE PLAYERS
VALLEJO. Oct. 24.— To-day the mana
gers of the California Baseball League
compromised for a moneyed consideration
a suit 'which the Vallejo'club brought
against them for being expelled from the
league several months ago. The Vallejos
arc anxious to play the Stocktons for the
championship.
Vallejo Club's Suit Compromised.
the day of the fight. Corbett wired thai
he would start "West In the middle of No
vember to allow- ample time for training.
CORBETT AGBEES TO MEET
HANLON. IN 'DECEMBER
Young Corbett, the boxer, has accepted
the Inevitable and has agreed to meet
Eddie Hanlon In this city In December.
The articles were prepared yesterday and
were signed by Hanlon and by Morris
Levy, representing the Hayes- Valley Ath
letic Club. They we're mailed at once to
Corbett. They call for a twenty-round
contest on Tuesday, December 29,- the
boxers to weigh 129 pounds at 6 o'clock on
The home team had the best of It from
a scientific standpoint and the interfer
ence was splendid. The line players, how
ever, will appear to better advantage if
they learn to get low. The visitors show
ed best in bucking the line. Neither side
showed how well It could punt. Both
teams were slow In getting into form
when the ball had been declared down
The playing was clean throughout. No
one on either side was Injured, although
all the men were exhausted at the end
as a result of the heat. The line-up:
Stanford. ¦ ¦ . Nevada."
Smith R. E. L Smith
Stillman R. T. L........A. Steckle
C. Hyde R. G. L........ La Wren ce
Nlsten Center. Leavltt
Thompson L. G. R.. Menke
Sprott......: L. T. R:.-... .c. Hart
Clark. Preston... L.E.~R. ......:..... Knox
Bansbach... Quarter........ V..J. Hart
Stott, M. Hyde... r. H. B.......... Friezell
Tarpey L. H. B 1/ Steckle
Chalmers, Weller Fullback..... Leadbetter
Referee— W." Reed. Umpire— Major Col
lins. ¦ Linesmen— T. McElroy. W. H. Blake
and P. Nathan. Halves— Twenty minutes.*
The result was a distinct disappointment
to Stanford. The opposing team was not
unusually strong and did not have the
ability to stop end runs. Stanford's right
was extremely weak and the Nevadans
made stupendous openings on that side
between center and guard, guard • and
tackle and tackle and end.
The Nevadans kept pounding away at
the Cardinal .rlsht guard and right tackle,
making good gains three times out of
four. Stanford got the ball on downs on
her own thirty-yard line and after buck
leg the center for gains made two more
disastrous and inexcusable fumbles. It
was Nevada's ball on downs and a Stan
ford man got overanxious on th*e Inst
play, with the result that his team was
pushed back five yards nearer the danger
point. .
The visitors were on the right side of
Stanford's field, twenty yards from the
goal line. Friezell tried a place kick,
which almost won the game. The ball
went just under the cross bar and the
cardinal -got out of danger by making
a touch-back and kicking. The game end
ed with a struggle for the ball in the mid
dle of the field.
Stanford held for downs !n the center
of the field. Then" there were a couple
of rushes, followed by a twenty-yard" run
close around the enemy's left end by
Chalmers. The rooters with the cardinal
banners cheered lustily. The lads - from
across the border got together a few min
utes later and dropped the next fotir line
buckers on the same degree of latitude.
The Nevadans could not make the dis
tance on three downs and had to punt.
One of the Cardinals made a fair catch.
The next scene was a horrible fluke on
the. part of I. Steckle of Nevada in at
tempting to catch the ball. The whistle
sounded at the end of the first half with
the ball In Stanford's hands on their op
ponents' thirty-five yard line.
Coach Lanagran gave his pupils a grill-
Ing in the intermission and started the
last half with three new men in the game.
Nevada kicked over the line. Stanford re
turned the compliment from the twenty
five yard spot and Friezell caught the
ball and ran fifteen yards. The Cardinal
held for three downs and blocked a kick.
Stanford was soon penalized for an off
side play. I. Steckle of Nevada carried
the pigskin around the enemy's right end
for a fifteen-yard gain, but his team was
held for two more downs in the same
place In attempting to find a hole in the
left of Stanford's line. Sprott of Stanford
made a splendid break through the line
and blocked a place kick. When the
eighty-eight limbs were untangled the
children of the desert had the ball. ,
Stanicrrt kicked to the goal line on w:e
•tart and a Nevada man carried the ball
to the twenty-yard line. The Cardinal
secured tne ball on downs after their op
ponents had made some slight gaalns. A
few line plunges and an end run netted
about ten yards and Nevada rallied.
Stanford tried • a . fake . kick and lost ten
yards and the ball.
The Nevadans found some weak spots
on the right of thejine and Friezell and
Steckle did some good bucking and hur
dling.
Weight of the Blue and Gold Team Proves Too
Much for the Northern Visitors.
J. M. Duncan and James Mearns beat
G. Patterson and R. Christy. 21 to 5; An
drew Wilkie and Robert Parke beat A.
McNair .and A. Wilkie. 21 to 14: George
Center beat H. K. Tickner, 21 to 2; K.
Miller beat R. J* McBean, 21 to 12: W.
R. Eaton and R. Parke beat A. McNair
and J. W. Stoutt. 21 to 13; J. McDonald
and A. B. Masuire beat H. K. Tickner
and G. Center. 21 to 15; £>r. Hamilton and
J. Earsman beat M. L. Crowe and Dr.
Gunn, 21 to 20: G. M. Duncan and J.
Mearns beat Joseph Gray and R., Christy,
21 to 9. - • ¦;.•"> ;¦•
Ever since the tournament started it
has been considered almost a certainty
that McNaught and McLaren would meet
in the finals. Even when Gray defeated
Craig, a crack bowler, by the one-sided
score of 21 to 3, the wise ones still picked
McNaught to win. Cook's chances
against McLaren were considered even
poorer than these of Gray against Mc-
Naught. The two losers were undoubted
ly off in their play, as Gray and Cook,
no matter how well they bowled, could
not beat such experts so easily.
As was expected, J. C. Moffat beat J.
M. Earsman rather The score
was 21 to 11. Only one other match re
mains to be played in this round, that
between Joseph Gray and J. McLa'chlan.
The following practice games were
played: /
The fourth round of the Scottish bowl
ing tournament at Golden Gate Park was
productive of two of the greatest sur
prises of the season in bowling circles.
They were the defeat of James McNaught
and John McLaren. James Gray beat Mc-
Naught rather easily, the score being 21
to 12. Mcl.aren was able to get but one
more point against Wallace A. Cook. The
score was 21 to 13.
SCOTTISH B0VTLING GAMES
BESTJXT IN" SURPRISES
Schlldt U— Tackle— R. .. Heltmullcr
Smith R. — End— L Den.eritt
Dyke U-^End— R Oliver
Eer.s-1 li.— Half— U Mini
Davis U.— Hilf — i: Whipple
Paur.,>:f Full, Fors«?
Moon Quarter Geary
The foUpwing men were substituted by
California In the second half: Gary, right
guard; H. M. Howard, left tackle; Craig,
left end; Clary, right end; Muther and
Snedlgar, right half; Risley and Cottrell,
left half; Eliot and Stern, full; Boothe,
quarter. Chemawa . substituted Smith,
left tackle; Arkett. right end; Payne, left
end; Decker, left half.
"ast, though at the end seventeen more
>oints had been added to the total. The
ineup was as follows for the first half:
Ohetnawa. I'ositions. California.
n'Ullam* Center Btroud
rousf. R. — Guard — 1> Stow
Ir*en L- — Guard — R Overall
lodirin.... R — Tackle— L...H.M. Howard
BERKELEY. Oct. C4.-Tr.e Chem
awa Indians uere battered to
pieces by the University of Cali
. fornia eleven this afternoon on
the Berkeley campus. It was the
weight that told ag-ainst tne Inoians, for
there w«r« only two men emenjr them,
Schlldt ar.d Saur.dcrs. who could measure
up with such men as Overall. Stow,
Stroud. Heitmuller and Howard. The
rest of them ranged from 110 to 153 pounds !
!n weight and so handicapped that they '
rou!d not hold their heads up under the j
fierce charges of the enemy. Only once)
did the Indians gain their five yards on '
downs ar.a that was more the fault of |
California than theirs. The only thing !
that caved them from a worse beating !
was their quickness, which had been |
brought up to express speed by Schlldt. j
their coach, who played at one lime with
the Carlisle Indian eleven. The score at
th© end was O to 0.
Stow kicked off. Chemawa caught and '
kicked it back. Geary ran it in ten yards I
Mini ran twenty yards. Whipple fumbled
tj»e ball behind the line and Chemawa
pot it. Chemawa failfd to gain its five
I ards and kicked. G*ary ran the ball in
twenty yards. Forse kangaroo^d over
tenter. Whipple gained a yard. Overall
Rained ten yard? and then eight yards, j
Mhd gained ten yards, Forse five yardx.
"U'hipple ten yards. Mini two yards." Stow 1
three yards and ten yards. With the
"nail three yards from the goal California
failed to gain on downs. Chemawa kick
ed and Mini ran in fifteen yards, then
Three more. Howard one yard* Forse two
yards, Whipple three yards. Fon=e over |
the line for a touchdown. Overall kick
<-<J. making it 6 points.
That wai» the way the game went all
the way through. California was not
held on downs more than once or twice.
The disaster would have been greater but
for California's frequent fumbles and
losses on account of offside play. - The
p<ore st the end of the first half stood
t3 to 0, the scarring being helped along
!>y Captain Overall's field goal from the
twenty-five-yard line Just before the
whistle sounded time.
In the second half the California eleven
was almort entirely substituted by other
players and the score did not run up so
iron. The timekeeper announced
the end of the second half before either
side had put the pigskin on the green
sward beyond the enemy's goal line.
Friezell, on* of the halfbacks from the
sagebrush State, sent the hearts of the
Stanford rooters into their mouths by
nearly kicking a field g>al Just before the
close p£ Hit last half. That wa.i the on!y
time when there seemed any. lmmeJiat-:*
possibility of scoring by either . team.
The game demonstrated clearly that the
Cardi.mi f leven will have to hustle con
siderably in the next three weeks if they
want ;o cut?/ off any coast chamn'n
ship«.
LANAGAN'S huskies and the Uni
versity of Nevada team, had a
merry set-to yesterday afternoon
on the Stanford University grid-
Stanford Plays Ragged
Game, Disappointing
Its Admirers.
CAPTAIN OF VISITING ELEVEN
AND AN INCIDENT OF THE
GAME AT STANFORD.
BERKELEY EASILY DEFEATS THE GHEMAWA INDIANS;
CARDINAL ELEVEN FAILS TO SCORE AGAINST NEVADA
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, STJKDAY. OCTOBER 25. 1903.
39
.-•'¦-¦¦' •.*-'.-¦ '.. . ;- _ ADVERTISEMENTS.-.. '"..-..
AS mm 1& S^ L 'Hr m If rfST^i li J^~
wk hI ' H H I hp™ "*^ B 1 zZ^tsk fl S^C
i . —i.—— ——,¦;» I WANT TO TALK TO MEN WHO HAVE PAINS AND ACHES.
(r Jljllds - / f/ I U(' who feel run down physically, who realize that the ofd "fire" and encrarv
.•V 'I S £*"dffe^' K.*- . • -' 1 1 fiLr* * I i "• which was so evident in youth is absent now; men who can't stand the amount
JJ^^- ! **^_^ /!? 1 1 ! (l I J |X^ I'v"*- I B of exertion they could years aero. I want you — if that means you — to see what
II rV^^TTt^^^liil^P^^ I ' !^>^V l! I \'* > t &2& i \ i ' anluLT^ J mmm i * have clone for others who were Hist as bad off. That's mv introduction. If
JlJ*'^! "j?- B/vlf^^W l' 1 r*~ *M l ~- >/ r, f^ij-kj^L ~ » a f" en d in whom you had confidence presented some one to you and said. "Tack.
iMS£ v-^kSb \ v ' • l / I (LTfiis&w* here's Brown; he has made arood with me, and I trust him." wouldn't vou
• Ijlfl ' 1 WL •* 4_3I /"N ' *v \ v 5a5wir l^^inf- * have always wanted to talk to weak men. talk to them quietly and in
¦j'. . 1 Hi\ >v 1 I • tK^MfJT ' ' earnest, because I know how they feel and I know that I can do more for
Q ,Jtj 0 j H w y/ \ "^ • ,v %r9?y**3&k \ them than any other man living:, and I only want a fair chance to prove it.
• i Y. > IfrV \~~ jfoffi^^HL — • — " I want to talk to men who feel o4d and slow; who don't have that sorisht-
H -^/^l*\^^>>»->«,Jr \ \ng »¦¦¦¦ JgV^^i'jSfekT*** liness, that old courage and "go" that they used to have; those men who al-
P I ff/F^'s ~~ jjf I \ «« igBre^^rcjfflfc'^ way . 9 k avc tne feeling as if they had suddenly grown old; who have lost inter-
*| / ' \ lEOfflrap^SSl^Bi cst m lik an^ * ts pleasures.
* ' f /• JL \ \ mSS8lK^'^"r^^Em There are several kinds of w"eak men, but every man knows his own symp-
h /y 1 ... y^L <B8|^^ '^^-fflf ' _^' toms. He knows that he has lost his "steam," and my object is not so much
r+ /fiL *—•• Mf ir^^ffflJriMi^ 1 to a^ ° k? w he has lost it as to show him what human "steam" is and how
Jg B x A-'i^ lr'\ Kik^^l ! lk£SS*Ws[#mP Professor Loeb. the noted scientist, says that human vitality is based upon
R VL *^^&v> \'\\- f /yl^ f" ~^^^W^^mfS^^^^^^'''^«^j^^' electricity. Great athletes and trainers of athletes are now usinsr electricity to
or l^i^ ¦'^TKNis^Owij/^' a 4^T1^ sxtW* develop physical strength and endurance. Doctors who want to cure their
H | QjT "*^?^B|^^^^S^M^a Wflfr patients now apply electricity in nearly all cases showing a want of vitality* The
\i -"'^L^?f^^^^^^^^syM ~~/^W^^^^^^'^ - : 7 ~~W$y& You see they are all coming to it. They wouldn't recommend mv belt—
J I ¦'• "^frsZ/'/'l iVv^^sT*** ."^i^^^^^SB^^^'y^^'^JH^^ st iU a ew °^ tne K° O( i doctors do recommend it when they care more for a
\ 'i"^*^ *^*^-V^ /7|no\VSS» >l^^^Tyj2ffl^BjWlW^^-A%y J BB3|K man's health than they do for his dollars — but most of them call me a auack be-
I f Is cause I pay for my advertisincr. But they all admit that electricity, will increase
\ " *r /\ •' * I A • \ VyS. W-^aBMMWBwM^^P^MJ P^ strength. That is all I claim for it. That's all you want ,any way. If you
* ** r x «wrWr |WW» w W^* BP have enough strength you'll never be weak, nor suffer a pain.
It used to be considered sensible to take drugs to "wake up" sluggish circulation, to stimulate weak nerves, to make the stomach take food that it
was too weak to digest, and then another drug to drive this food^through'the intestines which were too weak to do their work. Men would take drues to
make them sleep an,d an eye-opener in the morning to make them feel as if they had rested — all dope. ,
It is well known now that nearly every drug contains from one-half to nine-tenths alcohol, and the rest poison. I'm no advocate of the intemperate
use of alcohol, but if 'you have to take it, why can't you take it without the poison? It is proven that in thirty minutes after a drug is taken the physical vi-
tality is five per cent lower than before taking the drug — that is after the stimulation has passed off. %
Taking stimulants is like borrowing money for half an hour at five per cent interest — you borrow a dollar and pay back a dollar five in half an hour.
If that scheme kept up would break vour bank account it will just as surely break you down physically. Wouldn't it? :.»\:
Nature will stand a eood deal of punishment, but she will not stand it always. She gives you a strong body to start with, and demands an ac-
counting.
My method is to, help nature— to add artificial vitality to that vou already have. Every one of us has a certain amount, according to our strength,
because vitality is strength. When vou lose some of this vitality vou are weak— a weak man. My appliance pours a fresh supply into your body while vou
sleep. It generates electricity and pumps that into your nerves. Professor Loeb says that it is the basis of vitality, and my cures prove it.
Mr. EmileDore. Ivy, 'Modoc County, Cal., writes me: "I have had no indication of my old weakness since I have worn your Belt, and th« rarlcocele Is
yielding nicely., 1 am well pleased." .;.'.;<
Now if you don't feel right I can cure you with my Electric Belt. If you are full of rheumatic pains I can knoclc them out I can pour oil into
your joints and limber them up. I have often said that pain and electricity can't live in the same house, and I prove it every day.
Mr. L. J. Barnett of Tillamook. Or., writes: "Tour treatment certainly does what no. other can. for it has cured me. I cannot praise tho Belt too highly,
and 'gladly recommend it in any case of vital weakness."
If it were not for the prejudice due to the great number of fakes in the land I would not be able to handle the business that would come to
me. The "Free Belt" fraud and the "Free Drug" scheme, which are not free at all, have made every one skeptical, but I know that I have a good
thing, and I'll hammer away until you know it.
One thing every man ought to know is this: Your body is a machine. It is run by the steam in vour blood and nerves* When you begin to
break down in any way you are out of steam. • That's just what I want to eive you back.
Mr. A. Hubbs of Callstoga. Cal., says: "My rheumatism has entirely disappeared, my digestion is perfect, I have gained eight pounds In weight and all
the symptoms of weakness are gone, which is remarkable, considering my age." 'V
I have a cure in every town. Tell me where you live and I will give you the name of a man I've cured.
Tell me vour'trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure you or not. If I can't cure vou I don't want your money. I have been in this
business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it to-day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I eive every man all he pays for. ?
Now, wouldn't you rather wear my life-ziving appliance while vou sleep every night, and feel its elowine warmth pouring into you. and feel your-
self takine on a new. lease of life with each application, than to cloe vour intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me.
Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz, Cal., writes: "I am cured of all my former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what your treatment
has done for me."
If you will come and see me I'll explain it to you. If you can't call let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring to strength and
courage. Free if you send this ad.
Or M C Tlcl atiirhlin 906 market st.,
LJl . 1T1. W. 1 IWl^aUgllllll. AboveEnis , San Francisco.
. Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Formerly $3.00.
Sweaters - $3£2
Gymnasium Suits,
From $350 to $7.00.
ATHLETIC SUPPLIES.
FOOTBALL GOODS. I ft &tf?\jl ~T
BOXING GLOVES. f I Wif? yfcffe A|
STRIKING BAGS. U.W.fcl |/|/$wi/
Opxzn Saturdays K N ITilTING CO.
Tlii IO f>- rn. #) Geary St., San Francisco
ADVERTISEaiENTS.
Marquette braved the dangers of a long ifiSSBJ
journey and explored the great Mississippi jf|tej||
and the territory through which it flows. b^^S ;
Marquette Whisky is finding its way fngjK
into the homes of the people of the great
: West and is finding great , favor because of
6R0MMES & ULLRICH; W. J. KEARNEY, Representative,
Distillers, 400 Battery St., S. F.
Chicago, Illinois. Phone Main 536. I
— • .•'¦ :: :..;. — )street has left for a two weeks' stay in
Southern California.
• • •
L. Joseph and wife have left for a trip
down to Southern California and w!ll re-
• iC i • '':'.. *
Owing to sickness in the family Mr. and
Mrs. E. Pinto of 1419 Scott street will not
receive to-day.
Mrs. F. L. Greenberg of -1813 Sutter
• - • * .
John Morrisey, the popular resident
manager of the Orpheum. accompanied by
Mrs. Morrisey, left Tuesday morning for
a brief sojourn in the southern part of the
State. They will spend a few days at San
ta Barbara, Los Angeles, Catallna Island
and other places of interest. •
PERSONALS.
Mrs. A. C. Morrison will be at home at
the Hotel Princeton the first Monday of
the month.
The members of the Laurel Hill Club
enjoyed an open meeting under the
auspices of the French section at the res
idence of Mrs. John Martlnon, 2326 Union
street, ' last Tuesday afternoon. The
event of the occasion was a lecture on
the illustrious Zola, by Professor Charles'
Pratt of Paris. The subject was treated
in a masterly style and wavered of no
criticism. The attendance was large and
the afternoon will be recalled by all lov
ers of the famous French author. The la
dles are in anticipation of a series of sim
ilar lectures by the talented professor.
• : • •
The Aloha Nui cotillon held its second
assembly at Golden Gate Hall Friday
evening last.
rlan, Mrs. Henry P. Tricou; directors,
Mrs. S. C. Blgelow, Mrs. John McGaw,
Mrs. M. C. Miller. Mrs. W. W. Wymore.
Mrs. B. P. Flint, Mrs. G. E. Billings. The
entertainment consisted of operatic se
lections rendered by Marie and Maria
Roeckel, accompanied by Mme. Roeckel.
The November meeting of the chapter
will be held at the residence of Mrs. Isa
dore Burns, 404 Van Ness avenue.
CLUB PARTIES.
The Fapyrus Club enjoyed one of its
very pleasant social days at Utopia Hall
last Thursday, when the following pro
gramme was given:' Wit and humor by
club members; soprano, solos (a)'"Maklng
the Hay" (LUa Lehmann), (b) aria, *;RI
goletto" (Verdi), Mrs. Fred A; Gardner;
short talk, "Women's Clubs," Mr. Wil
liam Greer Harrison; monologue. Miss
Jenne Morrow Long; tenor solos (a) "Tya
nita" (H. Trotere), .(b) ' '.'An Evening"
(Blumenthal), Frank Onslow; accompan
ist, Mrs. Helen Sutherland; arranged by
Miss Ella V. McCloskey.
The George H. Thomas Circle No. 32. of
the Ladles of the Grand Army of the Re
public held their regular meeting on Tues
day afternoon in Utopia Hall.
A literary and musical programme .was
greatly enjoyed and the afternoon ended
with a social chat over the teacups.
A paper relating to the causes which
led to the war of . the ; rebellion, by Miss
Abble Krebbs, national ¦ secretary, -was
read. Mrs.. Macomber sang and Miss Rey
nolds; played several selections. .
'The nexti'meeting will be. on November 3
In Elks'. Hall. . • . :
4 The ; members • 6f ¦ La ; Puerta". ' de . Oro
Chapter, paughters of the American Rev
olution, held ' their : October 'meeting at
the, 'residence of .Mrs.. Henry'*P.'Trlcou
8H" Grove' street.' "There was : a large at
tendance ' to hear the annual reports and
participate " in* the . election of officers.
Mra. 'Austin Sperry, who has made aiich
a popular regent,, was - re-elected, and
Mrs. Isadore Burns was chosen vice re
gent. The other officers ejected were-
Recording secretary, Mrs.' Charles H.
Suydam; corresponding . ; secretary, Mrs"
Walter- W.Farrar; treasurer. Mrs: J. w
Holj;- registrar, Mrs. L. R. Tuttle; hlsto-
Commencing at 7:30 o'clock this evening,
a sacred concert will be given by the
choir of the California-street M. E.
Church, corner of California and Broder
ick streets, Rev. Clarence Reed, pastor. On
this occasion the choir will* be. augment
ed, and will number twenty-five voices,
and will render the following: Magnificat
in F (Simper), "Break Forth Into Joy"
(Simper), "Lift Up Your Heads" (Hop
kins) and "Praise Ye the Father"
(Gounod). Miss L. Smith and Miss Price
will cing "Crucifix" <Faure)', Miss Elsie
Rembaugh "With Verdure. Clad" 'from
"Creation" (Haydn), Miss. Price VQ- Divine
Redeemer" (Gounod), Miss L., Smith
"Save Mo O God" (Randegger) and Frtd
Grannis "The Lord. Is My> Light"- (AUIt
seh), Master Donald. Forbes, solo violon
cello, "Berceuse" (Godard). organist
will play "Cantilena" (Grison). "Hosari
na" (Wachs), -"Romance" -(Thome) arid
postlude /'March In. B Flat'?. (Silas). J. H.
Hallo well, organist and director.
Confirmation will be administered In
Star of the Sea Church this afternoon at
4 o'clock. His Grace Archbishop Mont
gomery will officiate. *
At the late mass this morning In St
Mary's (Paulist) Church Father Henry J.
Stark will preach. In the evening Father
Michael Carey will preach.
Rev. Father Sardi will deliver the ser
mon at the 10:30 o'clock mass In St. Ig
natius Church this morning. Rev. Father
Riordan will preach In the evening. '
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. H. H.
Bell, D. D., will continue his series of
addresses at the Young, Men's Christian
Association, Mason and' Ellis streets," to
young men only. Subject, "What Shall
It Profit a Man?" The association or
chestra will furnish music.
First English Lutheran— Morning, "The
Sign of the Times"; evening, "The Nlne
vites in Judgment." Pastor, Rev. E. Ne
lander.
UKIAH, Oct 24.— Last night the large
dynamo at the local electric plant refused
to work and In consequence the town Is
still in darkness.
As electric lights have been in use sev
eral years there are very . few lamps in
town and the storekeepers have fallen
back on candles. The supply of candles
has given out and unless the plant Is fixed
by to-morrow total darkness will prevail
at night . ...
William Hudson
Electric Plant Has Not Been Repaired
and Lamps Are Very
Scarce.
STOREKEEPEERS OF URIAH
WORK BY CANDLE LIGHT
INTERESTING SERMONS
SCHEDULED FOB TO-DAY
Choir of California Street It. E.
Church to Give Sacred Concert
This, Evening.
Eerrice* at the churches to-day will be
as follows:
First Church of Christ Scientist—
Morning:, "Everlasting Punishment"
Pastor, the Bible and Science and Health,
with Key to the Scriptures.
First Congregational— Morning, "Per
sonal; Religion"; evening, a service of
song. Pastor, Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational— Morning, "The
Sacrifices of Moral Earnestness": even
ing. "The Gospel of Living Peaceably
With All Men." Pastor, Rev. William
Radcr.
Plymouth Congregational — Morning,
preaching; evening, musical eervlce. Pas
tor, Rev. L C. Meserve.
First United Presbyterian— Morning,
"Hope"; evening, "The Carpenter of Naz
areth." Pastor. Rev. H. H. BelL
Trinity Episcopal— Morning, holy com
munion and sermon on "The Question of
the Hereafter"; evening, sermon. Pastor,
Rev. Frederick Clampett.
First Unitarian— Morning, "Happiness."
Pastor. Rev. Bradford Leavltt
Second Unitarian— Morning, | "The Re
ligion of Emerson." Pastor, Rev. Jay
Miss Enid Ackerman was hostess yes
terday at a very enjoyable birthday cele
bration—a theater party luncheon at the
residence of her grandmother, Mrs. Isaac
Kohn, at 1316 Sutter street. Thirty-five
of her young friends were entertained at
luncheon, after which the entire party
went to the California Theater to witness
a performance of "In Old Kentucky."
The party was chaperoned by Mrs. Ed
ward Ackerman, Miss Edith Leavy, Mrs.
Isaac Kohn, Miss I. R. Strauss and Mrs.
Selby Oppenhelmer. Among those present
were Misses Enid Ackerman, Bertha Ash
er, Nanette Leavy, Hazel Leavy, Manette
Lieore, Eda Leiman, ' Martha Peterson,
Edna. Reise, Adele Hlrsch, Beatrice
Feuchtwanger, Adele Ash, Hazel Green,
Emma Herrscher, Jessie Alexander, Con
stance Alexander, Hazel Porter, Ray
Benjamin, Genevleve Raphael, Dorothy
Nathan, Gladys Llllie, Adele Sterman,
Ruth Haas,. Mabel Green. Mariam Leavy,
Ruth Newbauer. and Fanny Goldman.
Gaxiola, selection of songs; Miss Mabel
Gaxiola, piano solo; Miss Antoinette
Draghlcevich, recitation; Mrs. Carmen
Ybarra, selections from Spanish songs;
A. W. .Belasco Sr., humorous recitation;
Dr. Bonino, songs and piano accompani
ment; D. M. Ross, songs and witty say-
Ings; S. A. Samuels, funny stories; Ed
Burrows, scenes from "Louis XI." Among
those present. were: Mr. and Mrs. S. A.
Samuels and daughter Glvionona. Dr. G.
Samuels and wife, Mr. and Mrs. E. Ybar
ra, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Horn, Mr. and
Mrs. E. M. Green, Mrs. G. Matthes, Mrs.
C. Gaxiola, Mrs. J. Ganola, Miss Antoin
ette Draghlcevich, Miss Pauline Draghlce
vich, Miss Mabel Gaxiola, Luclnda Mata,
Eugenia Herra, A. W. Belasco Sr., Dr.
Bonino, Carl Budd, William Jones, Eddie
Walker, D. M. Ross, Edward Burrows
and T. H. Kllgo.
An engagement that will attract much
attention among the friends of the con
tracting parties is that of Miss Minnie
Offenbach and Abe Shapiro. Both parties
are well known among a laree circle of
acquaintances and the announcement of
the engagement will be received with
pleasure by many.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of „ Mr.
* • • •
The engagement reception of Miss Jen
nie Sena and Louis Lesser will be held
to-day at 682 McAllister street, between
2 end 5 o'clock.
The engagement of Miss Ella Dabovlch,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Dabo
vich, to Adam -Vercevlch Is announced.
• Mr. and Mrs. Mark L. McDonald of
Santa" Rosa have announced the engage
ment of their daughter Mabel to William
H. Hamilton of San Francisco.
Cards are out for the weddlng^of Miss
Myrtle Bush Qulrey and Charles A. John
son, which will take place October .28 at
8:30 o'clock at the residence. of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. M.- Qulrey, 236
Ninth street.
. Mrs. Kate Besore of : 613 McAllister
street announces the engagement of her
sister. Miss Annie M. Fallon, to Dr. R.
Nellls Murphy, a well known dentist of
1003 Sutter street. ' The wedding will take
place in the latter part of December.
• • ?
Captain and Mrs. L. Anderson of Contra
Costa announce the engagement of their
daughter Margaret to,E.' J.. Randall.
The wedding, which will be a quiet home
affair, will take place the latter part of
the month. ' •_•*.-
? • •
The engagement reception of Miss Han
nah Hartman and Isador Goldstein will
take place to-day at the home of her
aunt, Mrs. J. -Packard, 1309 Soott-^street,
from 2 to 6. . " ¦ - '
Mr. and- Mrs." 1/ Stamper announce, the
engagement of their daughter Stella to
Mai'Relhnerfir'of thTs^cIty.'
ENGAGEMENTS.
A pleasant and enjoyable party was
given last Thursday .evening, October 15,
by Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Samuels at their
family residence, 1965' Union street. The
handsome parlors were artistically deco
rated for the occasion, a* feature being the
large number of flowers and plants, which
were distributed in profusion. The genial
hosfand hostess, who areltnown for their
hospitality,- provided an excellent musical
and:iiterary programme for the entertain
ment of. their guests. A repast was served
and. dancing followed until a late* hour.
The programme was as follows: Mrs. C.
Mrs. Charles Kierulff ot Berkeley was
hostess at an afternoon euchre party last
Saturday. Those present were Mrs. L.
J. Wagner, Mrs. Henry", Ttbsenfeld, Miss
Carrie Nicholson',' Mrs. Lowell Hardy,
Mrs. Dudley? Klnsel, -.Mrs. -Charles C.
Hughes, Mrs. Louis Spreckels, Miss Vroo
man, Miss Belle Nicholson, Mrs. Frank
C. Jordan, Miss Kierulff, Mrs. Henry
Maeondray,' Miss Wagner, Mrs. Victor
Mathewa, Mrs. William Meckfessel, Mrs.
Walter S. Brann, Miss Treanor. Mrs. W.
E. Colby, Miss Feusier, Mrs. W. H. Jor
dan, Mrs..J. K. Pllncz, Miss Mabel Feu
sier, Miss Guerne, Mrs. J. W. L. Kier
ulff, Mrs. Cleveland Forbes, Miss Elsie
Kierulff, Miss Georgie -Lacy, Miss Reed,
Mrs. Gamage, Miss Landers, Miss May,
Mrs. E. J. Duncombe.
Sunflay evening", October 18, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Jensen celebrated their fifth- wed
d'ng anniversary (wooden wedding) at
their home, 410U Larkin street. , The
rooms were beautifully decorated with
ferns and flowers. Singing, dancing and
recitations were the events of the even
ing, after which the guests partook of
supper. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. C. Rlegelhuth, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Johnson,. Mrs. Julia HHdebrand, Mra.
C. Hildebrand, Mr. and Mrs. H. Nielsen
of Ignaclo, Mr. and Mrs. Bunder of Dub
lin, Mr. and Mrs. P. Hansen of Newark,
Mr. and Mrs.' . J. Staude, Mr. and Mrs.
II. Jewell, Mr. and Mrs. Herold, Mr. ana
Mrs. Lerner, Mr. and Mrs. J. Wiese, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Llebrich, Mrs. C. Ludin, Mrs.
A. Walters,' Mrs. G. Hildebrand, Mrs.
Baillard, Miss Annie Schlmpf of Marys
ville,. Miss A. Ludin. Miss M. Atwood,
Miss 'May Smith of Llverniore, Miss C.
Beyer of Livermore, G. Haiib of'Sacra
mento, Mrs. Tully, F. Hildebrand, B.
Hildebrand, W.' Riebelhuth, J.> Rafael, G.
Northenlous, C. Johnson, H.. Ludin, Ruth
Jewell, l Marie Sears, Edwin RIegelhuth,
Mayse Leibrich and Dbrothy Jewell.
Mr. and Mrs. G. M.- Roy celebrated their
fifteenth' wedding .anniversary .at their
home, 674 "Hayes street, on Wednesday,
October 14. "\Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. A. Nordman, Mr. and Mrs.
T. Bellner. Mr. and Mrs. A. Jondis, Mr.
and Mrs. Ed Harris, t Mr. and Mrs. Ben
Kaskell. Mr. and Mrs. M. Werthelmer,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Strasser, Mr. and Mrs.
Abe Jackson, Mr. and Mrs. 3. Hannah,
Mr. and Mrs. George Arsliambault, Mr.
and Mrs. A.. Kaskell, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Straaser, Mr. and Mrs. G. Kaskell, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. M. Et
tlinger, Mr. anS Mrs. L. Bernstein, Mr.
and Mrs. S. W. Lasky, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Lasky, Miss Gertie Beliner, Miss Millie
Kaskell, Miss Josephine '•'Kaskell,' Miss
Florence Roy, J. . Jackson, Phil Cohn,
Mark Cohn, J« H. Timmins, Theodore
Fershtand, Leon Joseph, Ben Lasky, Har
ry Lasky,. -Master? David Roy, Mr. and
Mrs. Golden M. Roy, Mrs. L.. Lasky, Mrs.
H. Josephs, Mrs. T. Cohn, Mrs. A. Levy;
Mrs. R. Morris . Mrs. Jennie i Dinklage, 1
Mrs K. M. Williamson, Mrs. S. Lasky,
Mrs. Lula Friedlander, Miss Minnie Cohn,
Miss Juliet Roy. . ; '
HOME PARTIES.
The marriage of Miss Anna Irene Ben
nett and Charles A. Rinderspacher took
place on Wednesday, October 21, at the
Church of St. Vincent de Paul.
Miss Trautphaus has made quite a local
reputation in artistic lines, having mani
fested pronounced • talent as' a student.
The bride will be attended by, her sister
May, while Mr. J< Knott will act as bept
man for the groom.
Miss Lila Trautphaus is to be married
to-day to Mr. H. Homberter at the home
of the bride's mother on California street,
near PoJk. . -
Miss Annie Gue'nzel's marriage to An
thony F. Kornmayer was celebrated Wed
nesday evening, October 14, at the bride's
residence, 1326 Sanchez- street. 'Rev. J:
Fuendellng performed the. ceremony, .in
the presence of a number of "guests. The
bridal party stood beneath an -artistic
bower of ferns and flowers. Miss Alice
Helms was bridesmaid and Henry Wendt
be6t-man. After the wedding supper the
happy young couple left ror their wed
ding "trip.
The gown of the brido was a beautiful
creation of .white silk elaborately trimmed
with pearls and lace. She carried a bou
quet of Bride roses., Her attendant's
dress was of cream etamlne voile, and she
carried a bouquet of Bridesmaid roses, j
Miss Woodruff is' an accomplished and
prominent young lady of the Mission. Mr.
Ashland Is connected with ' the firm pf
Bonestell. Richardson & Co. of this. city.
On their return from their honeymoon
in the south the young couple will reside
in Berkeley. .-. '' ";
. . ' • "• • ' . /
On last Tuesday a pretty wedding took
place In the parlors of the Hotel Argyle,
which were magnificently decorated for
the occasion, it being the marriage of
Miss Nettle Tucson Doud, eldest daughter
of Mrs. Martin Doud, and Lieutenant
Frank Cole Baker, United States army.
The bride was given away by her grand
father, Francis • Doild, banker of Mon
terey,* and attended by her elster. Miss
Eva Doud and Mr. Stewart. The cere
mony w_as performed by Rev. Father A.
Mazetti of Santa Clara. Immediately
after the ceremony the family and a few
guests retired to the dining-room of the
hotel, wherca magnificent wedding break
fast was served. Lieutenant! Baker and
wife left about 5 o'clock for an extended
wedding trip through the south.
A pretty home wedding took place
Wednesday • -evening, October 14, when
Miss Winnifred Wpodruff, the only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Erastus Wood
ruff, became the bride of William E
Ashland of Berkeley.; The parlors were
beautifully decorated with cosmos and
smilax. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. Francis Larkin beneath a wed
ding bell of pink and white cbsmoj.-
The bride was attended | by Miss LIna
Hanson and Charles A. Sankey acted as
best man. ..The ribbon-bearers were, the
Misses Edna Craig, Viola" Van Orden,
Charlotte. Kilgore- and Corf nne Bailey. • .
. Congratulation^ followed the ceremony.'
after which the guests repaired to the
dining hall. •
WEDDINGS.
The engagement of Mrs. Louise Cather
wood La Montagne, the charming daugh
ter of Mrs. John, A. Darling, to C. E.
Maud of Los Aneeles has Just been an
nounced. * Mrs. La Montagne has spent
the past ten years in New York City,
where she became a leader of the Cali
fornia set.. This 'summer she came on a
visit to her mother, spending the season
between this city and the old family home
at Rutherford.
• • •
Mr- ; and' Mrs!"- S. Strause of 1320 Eddy
street announce the marriage of their
daughter, Frances, to Alfred J. Nathan,
to take place Sunday, November. 15. r
Mr. and Mrs. David Edwards willihold
a reception in honor of the engagement of
their daughter, Florence, to Benjamin M.
Karris, Sunday, November 8, at their resi
dence, 714 Buchanan street, from' 2 tin 5
o'clock. ', • i
The prospective groom is a son of. Mr.
and Mrs. I. Shapiro- and a leading busi
ness- man' of San Francisco. The date of
the wedding has not been set as yet, but
they will receive, in* the near future.
and Mrs. A., Offenbach of this city. She
'Is Pretty and accomplished and, is a prom
inent flgure In the social '.affairs of her
set. ¦ .. . ' ¦ ' ¦¦ i .
(All notices for the "Society Events" columns
of The Call should We sent In .time to.itfach,
the editorial rooms not later than Friday
night, and must be accompanied by- the
name and address of the member of the
¦family 'or member of the club Bending, the
communication.) . ' ¦¦...'
SOCIETY EVENTS
IHE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 25, 1903.
NT:VV YORK. Oct. 24.— Application has be«n
mude to the Stock Exchansra to list I13.0CO.00O
Binkln* fund 5 per cent bonds o( *he United
States Steel Corporation. Thej» are a portion
of the 1250,000,000 issued for conversion pur
poses. ;•-«%¦ -4
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130. I.. O.
O. F., the only German lodge of this city.
will on next Saturday night have a social
In. Us hall after the routine of business,
when there will be a programme of enter
tainment for the members and their
friends and acquaintances. The commit
tee, of which Vice Grand Peterson is th«
chairman, that has the matter in charge
has a surprise in store for those who
attend.
German Bebakahs to Entertain.
— —
Workmen's Anniversary.
The thirty-fifth anniversary of the
founding of the Ancient Order . of . United
Workmen at Meadville. Pa., will be cele
brated by the Grand Lodge of fleers and
the local lodges in Native Sons' Hall to
morrow night. A pleasing: programme cf
entertainment will be presented tinder the
direction of the committee of arrange
ments composed of District Deputy
Grand Master Workman M. L. Stern,
Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer, Frank- "J.
Maguire. Walter H. Wilkins, F. F. Ter
ramose and W. C. Zahn. In addition to
the musical and literary numbers there
will be addresses by some of the eloquent
speakers of the order.
turn by December 1.
• • •
Dr. and Mrs. David Cohn and Miss
Edith Cohn will leave on Sunday, Novem
ber 1 for a European trip.
40
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sS* — ~T7
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S . ¦
LATEST PORTRAIT.
X GUARANTEE my personal office
treatment to remove
Wrinkled Skin, Decayed Muscles,
Withered Skin, Flabby Flesh,
Freckles, • . Bed Nose, .¦:¦...-¦
Moth Patches," Blood Disease,
Pimples, " ' Bed Vein*,
Black Keads,* ' •' Fleih' Wormi, l • • *v
Moles, > Eczema, Hy."
"Warts, . Blemishes,
. Superfluous Hair ' Sunken Look, '
Wrinkles, ¦;'$38$SgSt railing 1 Hair,
Tnln Eyebrowi, .Dandruff, -¦¦¦. '--"
Postulea, .... Hollow Cheeks,
Disfigrurements, Yellow Skin,
Plttinsr", « - u Boujf h Skin.
I REMOVE BLEMISHES" - ~
'.?£ m CHARGE FOR ADVICE.
suFEBri.Tr cms hair permaneht-
IT'BEMOVED BY THB V Bt.EC-
TRIC HEEDLE. ABSO^DISIiJf/- , ,
r ••:.- •• wo PAHitrBBT , v; - ; ••. ?'$>*-
MRS. 1ETTIE HAMSONi
DEBMATOtQCHaT, ' ; . •- '
140 Geary St, San Francfeco^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The letter of Miss Merkley,
whose picture is printed above,
proves beyond question that
thousands of cases of inflamma-
tion of the ovaries and womb
are annually cured by the use of
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. ,
-"Dkab Mbs. PutkhJim: — Gradual
loss of strength and nerve force told
me something.. was radically wrong
with me. . I had severe shooting paina
through the pelvic organs, cramps and
extreme irritation compelled me to
seek medical advice. 'The doctp^said
that I bad ovarian trouble and ulcera-
tion, and I advised- an 'operation. -A- 1
strongly objected to this and decided
to try Iiydla E, Pfnkham's Vege-
table Compound. I soon found that
my judgment was correct, and that all-
the good things said about this medi-
cine were! true, and -day'by day Lfelt.
less pain and increased appetite. The
ulceration soon healed) and the' other'
complications 'disappeare'd, 7 and in
eleven weeks »I was, onqe- more strong
and vigorous and perfectly well. ;
" M y heartiest thanks are sent to
yon for. the great good you have done
me."— Sincerely yonrs, Miss Maboabst
Mkbklet; 275 Third St., Milwaukee,!
V?\s.—fsb00 forfeit If original of abov Ittttr
proving g$nulHtn$ss cannot btproiuctt. ~\.
... . - - & r^EvrysoN., . _^
' TTft5irnv und Gutter Sts
Ladies New Suits For Fall
Up-to-date Styles That V/ltl At Once Attract Attention'
There is certainly a wide range of fashionable garments to choose from here. Never was our
third floor more interesting to ladies. Suits made of the newest materials, in the most charming
effects, are now being offered at the most moderate prices — as the following details show :
Tailor-made Suits of fancy men's wear mixtures, skirted Tailor-made Walking Suits, fine quality black pebble
Russian blouse, vritlrtape trimmed with buttons and Cheviot; slylish long skirtfd jacket, with collar and
pipsd with silk to match ; pleated skirt, .*!*!,* cuffs of dark red broadcloth, prettily <9 i n n
real value $19.50, special at... $12. 50 braided; newest flare skirt, special at *' liUU
Pedestrienne Suits, made of fine quality Fancy Mixtures, Dress Suits, finely tailored of excellent quality Cheviot,
\ in brown, green and gray; blouse jacket with cape black and blue; collarless jacket with cape, fancy braided
trimmed witn buttons, ornaments and pip- *„ _ n girdle, pleated skirt; a very natty model g-%
.,, ing to match ; seven-gore skirt, special at. $17. Oil and exceptional value at 3££.3U
Sale of Pyrographic Novelties «ssjsss)
Hundreds of Burnt Wood Novelties go on sale to-morrow in our Art Department. These exqui-
site decorative articles are burnt and painted in masterly style, and will be offered at the following
extraordinarily. low prices : . '
Picture* Frames ...50c each Match Scratches 85c each Jewel Boxes fl.50 each
Stamp Boxes 60c each Book Racks ..$1.00 each Handkerchief Boxes $2.25 each
Blotting Pads. 65c each Ink Stands $1.15 each Glove Boxes $2.25 each
Egg Cups................ 85c each Decorative Steins $1.25 each Nut Bowls $2.75 each
P\rrrkrrrcir\hir Oiir-fi+c for burning wood or leather, complete with benzlnt bottle + o ftf|
r yrUgrdpiIll WUIIIIS, and platinum burner, special at -¦- »^.UU
Handsome Imported Flannel Sacques Reduced
. (Third Floor Kearny Street) ; . .
These are the ideal Dressing Sacques for winter weather. We cannot emphasize too strongly
that nowhere will be found such styles at anywhere near the priceswe quote for to-morrow :
French Flannel Dressing Sacques, French Flannel Dressing Sacques, French Flannel Sacques, sailor collar,
with prettily embroidered collar and with sailor collar, sleeves and fichu bell sleeves and jacket all elaborate-
cuffs, in white and all colors; were handsomely embroidered, tight fitting ly embroidered, all colors; were $6.75,
$4.00, reduced to back, all colors; were $6.00, reduced to reduced to
$2.75 Each. . $4.00 Each. • "•' $5.00 Each.
. - Stylish Lace Collars Ostrich Feather Boas
(First Floor Kearny St.) . . _*/ (First Floor Kearny St.)
The present fad is Venise and Irish Point Lace No house in tttecity can equal our present
Collars, and we have them in all the newest display of Feather Boas. They are made of the
effects, including large circular shape collars finest selected ostrich plumes — in black, white,
in' handsome designs — collars with stole effects, gray, natural and black and white mixed —
6 to 20 inches deep — all the latest novelties, in prices are distinctly moderate.
white, / cream and black, prices range . from BOAS, iX yards long $10.00, $ 1 1.75 and $12.50
$1.50, $3.00, $4.50, $6.00 to 12.50 each. _BOAS, iK yards long.. $16.00, $17.50 and $18.00
Umbrella Specials K Dainty Opera Bags
(First Floor Sutter St) (First Floor Sutter St.)
Ladies' Gloria Silk Umbrellas, dost rollers, steel rods, Opera Bags, made of Fancy Pompadour Silks, light
with neat pearl, metal and wood handles, ci oc colors, neat designs; gate top frame and ei en
special at, each $l.c5 chain of fire gilt, each 52.5U
Ladies' Umbrellas, made of best quality Union Taffeta, Opera Bags of Satin Faconne, in delicate colors, includ-
steel rod, paragon frame, with fancy pearl, o ftA Ing white; choice patterns; gilt frame, eo ne
wood and French horn handles, each *>£.UU studded with jewels, each $O.25
Men's Twilled Union Serge Umbrellas, steel frame and Opera Bags of Novelty Brocaded Satins, In exquisite
rod, 50 different styles of novelty wood ftf| designs and colors; fancy gilt frame richly e . __
handles, best value ever offered, at..... 3>O.UU studded with colored jewels, each $4.75
The New Shawls Have Arrived (^.vsr)
".There are scores of attractive styles among 'the riewlyrarrived Shawls, and from the simplest to
the most elaborate, all are excellently made. We quote a few sorts and their prices :
Shetland Wool Shawls; 45 Inches Woven Shawls, scarf shape, 1% yards Handsome Shawls of Germantown
square;. In white, black, blue, pink long; made of Germantown wool, wool, 63 Inches square, fringe, on all
and cardinal, special..... .50c all colors/each.... $1.00 sides, white, black and colors, $2.25
Shetland Wool Shawls, extra heavy, Silk and Wool Shawls, 4s inches Pretty Shetland Wool Shawls, plated
50 inches square, in white, black and square, fringed all around, white with silk, in white, black and white
colors, each...... 85c and black only, each $1.50 and black mixed, each J3.0Q
Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue — We mail it FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ UL ._. . . -u-Lnj^-.-i Tji.-L-ju-LrLT.ru-L -1 -Li -----.-¦¦¦--------. -»J.*. ........
j XHere is no store
=HKe this for==*==
I OUR STYLES ARE THE SMARTEST!
OUR PRICES ARE THE LOWEST!
I Sealskin Jackets . $125.00 to $350.00
Astrakhan Jackets . $22.50 to $65.00
INearseal Jackets . $22.50 to $65.00
Persian Lamb Jackets . $95.00 to $250.00
Broadtail Jackets . $250.00 to $450.00
I Fur Neckwear , . $1.00 to $350.00
h The above wide range of prices will give j r ou an idea of the vastness
I of our stock. ,-
I But only your own eyes can tell you of the beauty and richness of
the fars — and the savings. Come. 4 . . . ' .".- ' ..:'^..<-
I Fur Renovations
We are in an excellent position for handling renovations, having j
workrooms on the premises and a large staff of dexterous furriers.
J Expert Advice
I Every year the art of manipulating furs increases, and therefore the
difficulty in selecting genuine furs becomes greater. The necessity to
rely upon expert advice is essentiaL Our customers have the benefit of
the knowledge we have acquired during the -many years we have devo-
ted to the business.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~ - -^
0^^^^%x We Trust fe
\ . This elegant golden oak finish - Only 25 : dozen left; " kitchen*'
Bureau, . large diamond-shaped chairs in white. Not more than .
glass, two small top 'drawers ' six sold to one person. ";;
Vshaped, and two large 'roomy ' " 35C each. T
drawers. ' Elegantly carved, sol- • 7\ ¦>'. •¦'.¦"-:- ...... ';, -j
id cast handles, only / Premium Carpet Sweepers,--
\ : $8.45 each; \ : "s ular 5 *s°: , £
Worth $14.00. , <> n| y $ h3 ° cach -
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO,,
1320-1328 Stockton St.
We furnish houses complete. All cars lead to our store.
AD VERTISEMENTS.
f&ZNKUS. TZIIOIV (BK^ -f^Bi I
AMVTZAAoy s/ax XwSm ¦&>%&&&&
s.vmz£ j-nx. jrsr- vHt w >-- *WSmr/
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Ana ail other racial blemi«be« are removed by
P.V*.* 1 " 1 M - Rs - A - w - TRAVERSE. Donohue
bu:iaing. 11. o Market street, cor. Taylor, room*
Jb-£t, u-ith the electric needle without pain cr
•cw; permanency cuarauu**!; hour* 1 to 4 p.m.Latonia's Fall Meeting Opens.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 24. — The fall meetlnr of
the Ls-tonla Jockey Club opened this afternoon
with a large attendance and a fast track. Re
sults: BfQEiBBBni
First race. «ix farlong-s — Dick Welle* won.
Red Raven second, Karl Kabler third. Time,
1:14. •
Second race, one and an eicbtfa miles — Mint
B«d •won. Briers second. Mosketo third. Time.
Third race, five and a half forlonrs— Apple
won. Huckleberry Finn second. Marshal Niel
third. Time. 1:08%.
Fourth race. Tobacco Selllns; Stakes, one
mile — Fonsoluca won, Bardolph second. John
Terkes third. Times. 1:41 It.
Fifth race, fire f urlonsra — LJda Ueb won. Silk
Maid second. Miss Fleischmann third.' Time.
Blxth race, *«ven farlonci— The Boer won,
Taxman cecond. Easy Trade third. Time, 1)30.
Woman Becomes Desperate.
OAKLiAXD, Oct. 24. — After having
trouble with her husband, this evening
Mrs. Edith Herrlck, residing- at the Ori
ental House. S55 Washington street, left
the house, went to the foot of Washing
ton-street and attempted to Jump Into
the bay. 8he was prevented by two
young . men who seized her and - turned
her over to the police.
PROVIDENCE. R. I.. Oct 24.-At the
matinee races held at Narragansett Park
this afternoon under the auspices of the
Narragansett Park Association Prince
Alert, the bay gelding owned by James
Hanley of this city, clipped a quarter of a
second from the world's record for a half
mile by going the distance in :57H- His
time for the cuarter was 23^ seconds.
Mart Demarest. the driver of Prince
Alert, said after the. race that he would
match Prince Alert against Dan Patch.
Demarest stipulated that the match race
shall take place at Memphis November
10 for a purse of $20,000, best two out of
three, one-mile heats. ; k .V
Prince Alert's Half Mile Record.
GARDEN CITY. L. I.. Oct. 2t-Prince
t£ n f U^ D H^ nt 1 d " arvard •¦ holder of
the individual championship honor of tho
Intercollegiate Golf Association when
Frank O. Reinhart defeated W. C Chick
by four up and three to play In the final
round of the tournament to-day over the
Garden City links. Neither of these play
ers had been in the honor plays in the
pre\ious intercollegiate championships
although both have been prominent in
open tournaments in the East. Rein
harfs steadiness at all stages during the
morning round of eighteen holes gave him
a decided advantage, as he finished four
up on his opponent. The latter held his
own during the afternoon and fought
every inch of the way out and in.
Princeton Golfer Is Champion.
Filipinos for San Diego Schools.
-SAN DIEGO. Oct. ti.— County Superin
tendent cf Schools Huph J. Baldwin has
received from Bernard Moses, head of the
department cf history in the University of
Calif orr.Ia. a letter asking him. to provide
ft>r tuition and care in the county schools
In this county of twelve or fifteen Fili
pino boys. Superintendent Baldwin has
eigr.ISed his intention to do so. The pupils
will arrive in a few days.
The drafting season was arranged as
follows: From October 15 to November
15 for class A. from November 15 to De
cember 15 for class B. from December 15
to January 15 for class C. The drafting
season for the National and American
leagues runs from September 1 to October
Id, coming before any of the drafting sea
sons of any of the minor leagues
The National Association did not give
out anything in regard to the drafting
price of players from the clubs in Its Ju
risdiction to the National or American
leagues and the latter will undoubtedly
remain at the present figure. $750. The
drafting prices from each league in the
association, however, were fixed as fol
lows: From class B. $500; from class C
$300; from class D, $200.
A committee composed of President P.
T. Powers. M. H. Sexton and Secretary
Farrell was appointed to attend the
meeting of the national committee in
Cincinnati next Monday and take care of
the Interests of the association there,
the drafting price of players and other
matters pertaining to the National and
American leagues being left to the com
mittee. In regard to salary limits it wa«
decided that for class A this should be
placed at $2400. for class B at J1S00, c!ass
C at $1000 and class D $800.
The penalty for a violation of this is the
release of any player making complaint
from the club which has exceeded the
limit and the fining of the club guilty of
offense in the sum of $500. In case a club
refuses to pay this penalty the protection
of the National Association will be with
drawn from the league until satisfactory
arrangements have been made to assure
the payment.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 25.— The National As
sociation of Professional Baseball Leagues
concluded Its general convention at mid
nigrht. The most Important alterations
made In the constitution of the associa
tion, the latter being: made mainly to
conform to tbe national agreement, were
In regard to the salary limits of the va
rious leagues, the drafting prices from
lower to higher leagues, the prohibiting
of exhibition games during the scheduled
season and the provision for the acquisi
tion of territory claims by class A clubs
from those In class B for a fixed compen
sation.
National Association of
Baseball Leagues
Ends Session.
The ladies of St. Michael's parish,
Colma, assisted by the members of the
Thespian Minstrel Club, gave an enjoy
able entertainment at the church hall
last night. The programme was an ex
cellent one and consisted of songs.
Jokes and several short sketches, clev
erly rendered. The proceeds of the en
tertainment will be devoted to the fund
of the parish.
St. Michael's Church Benefit.
'The mystery comes of the submission by
the Boston Art Jury of Isaac Caligas*
palntirg. "The Guardian Angel." The
painting eefirns to be a copy of a picture
of the same title by Abbott H. Thayer.
If a copy, the fact was not made known
by the Boston Jury, nor does Caligas 1
painting announce the fact. An investiga
tion was begtin to-day.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— A mystery whloh Is
puzzling art critics interested In the salon
cf the American Society of Artists has
arisen. The Chicago connoisseurs are
'wondering whether they have discovered
a wonderful coincidence of artistic Inspi
ration or are being made the receiving
end of a practical Joke.
GMc&go Committee Is Puzzled Over
Xa&ac C&llg&s' 'The Guardian
An^eL"
PAXKTOTG gTTCTvra COPY
OF THA.YEB PTOTTTSI
LIMITS WAGES
OF THE PLAYERS
Representatives from all the local
groves of the United Ancient Order of
Druids met last night In Druids' Hall and
took the preliminary steps to arrange for
the memorial service of the order, to be
held on the afternoon of Februasr 3, next
year. L. M. Fabbry was chosen chairman
of the meeting. W. O. Antonavich secre
tary and D. Bamman treasurer. It was
decided to Invite the circles of the Druid
esses to take part in the service.
Druids' Memorial.
Japan continued her policy of settling
Korea. She was acquiring large tracts
of land and was building villages hav
ing wholly Japanese administration. The
Informant did not believe war was Im
pending, "since Russia was satisfied to
remain In Manchuria, not caring to ex
tend her authority Into Korea."
YOKOHAMA, Oct 24.— The elder
statesmen of Japan and the Cabinet
Ministers held a conference to-day,
which lasted seven hours. It Is under
stood that Marquis Ito's compror
mlse proposal was the chief topic of
discussion. The Marquis remained
with Premier Katsura and Foreign
Minister Komura after the others had
dispersed.
BERLIN. Oct 14.— An American who
had been some months at Dalny, the
Russian eeaport on the Llaotuns Penin
sula., arrived In Berlin to-day. He said
the Russian troops apparently were ar
ranging to stay In Manchuria perma
nently. Russia had 200,000 troops there,
and barracks were being: erected at Dal
ny for two additional regiments. Rus
sia also was strengthening: her position
on the west bank of the Yalu River.
Now Has Two Hundred Thou
sand Troops in Chinese
Territory.
Russia Strengthening
Her Position in Man
churia.
BUILDING FORTS
ALONG THE YALU
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
41
ADVESTTSEMENTS.
/ STATE/WENT
\ — or the —
•' ;•• CO2n3TTI0N A2TD AFFAIBS
— or the — '
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
Or ?CEW YORK. IN THE ETATE OF NEW
York, en the 31st <lay of December, A. D.
1002. aad for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner cf the
• State of California, pursuant to the provisions
ef sections €10 and Cll of the Political Code.
condensed as per bisr.k furnished by the Com-
Eiitsloner:
CAPITAL.
Arr.cur.t ef Capital Stock, paid up
in cash $ 250,00000
ASSETS.
. Heal Estate owned by Ccmpany $ 621.180 S3
Cash Market Valns of all Stocks
end Bonds owned by Company 3.SJ0.C41 CO
Amount of Loan* secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks. &r.4 rther mar-
ketable 6*eurities as collateral... 2*5.000 00
Cash la Company's OfSce 17.1JW 57
Cash in Banks €5.326 04
Interest due and accrued on ell
EtnrJcs and Loans 2.3S7 51
J»rw a In due Course cf Collec-
t T> S37.6880S
J>»t»v*ue and accrued 1,087 4C
tlarerre reinsurance deposit (cash in
Cotspa&y's possession) 23.574 58
" Total Assess $5.2<M,671 77
LIABILITIES.
Jjotst* In process of Adjustment or
la Suspense $ 256.644 34
l<«ses resisted. lnc!u<Mrjr expenses. €28,050 14
Gro»s premiums on Risks running
cne year or less. 9 ; reln-
eurance 50 per cent 2.CS7.S43 30
premiums on Risk* running
more than one year, 9 ;
reinsurance pro rata. 206.708 34
X>ue and accrued for salaries,
• rent, etc ."5.5C3 84
Contingent fund 250.000 00
• .Total Liabilities -SC.564.810 Og
INCOME.
Net cash actoaHy received fcr pre-
tnlums 1 4,4S9,C35 93
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 134.742 «2
Received for rents «4.(tts 0«
P.ecelved from all other «otirces... 66,486 27
? • Tot,, income .<*.754,804 g
EXPENDITURES.
Krt amount paid for losses (lnclud-
inr 1— losses of previous
veins! Jl.822.014 23
rfivta<Mi<«« to stockholders €2,500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brok*rajre 1,178,194 CO
Paid for nalarS<»s, fees, and other
charge* fcr officers, clerk*, etc.. 2S2.827 68
Paid for Etate, national ta«S local
taxes 81.45099
AH other payments and expendi-
tures ...!T 640.42923
Tctal Expenditure* $3.067.418 97
Losses tecumul <3arfrjf tbe year SI, 594.329 37
GEORGE F. SEWARD. President.
ROBERT J. HILLAS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2Sth
4a y cf January. l»O3.
W. L. KERR, Notary Public
CHAS. J. BOSWORTH,
General Agent,
.318 CALIFORNIA STREET,
m Ssta Francisco. C«.I.
S\A/E/VKA\EN
DR. HALL'S REINVIGOHATOR
ctcps sul losses and unnatural dis-
charges j a 2* hours. You feel an
Improvement from th« Orst dose,
w * have bo much confidence in our
treatment that we offer Five Han- ,
area reward for any cas* we can-'
¦ , - D0 « t fH 1 *- Thu •ecret remedy cure*
lott po»er. rightly eraUeions, wasted organs.
» a «Sf^^r5, H etrlctu ««. Wdneya. faUlng
memory, dmlns in the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effect* of a^lf-abuse or excesses, which lead
to consumption and death. Positively cures
" « worst cases in old or young of that mortlfy-
• lz* condition, qulck&ezs cf the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Bent »ealed, S2
per bottle, three bcttlet. $5. Guaranteed to
cure ery case.
_ k C ?''_S r ~ a . (lllr<?8 * orters HALL"S MEDICAL
rNSTITUTE, 653 Broadway Oakland. Cal.
Al»«£or •»!• « 1073 hi Market st-Ts. jrT Send
icr zrt* docs.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
ANDREW DEAN, Jud«e.
JAS. F. ORACS. SUpper.
To-Day, Sunday, Oct. 25, 1903
FLEET RACING HOUNDS
IN CLOSELY
MATCHED OLD-TIME
OPEN EVENT
Total Prize Money $1000
¦ SPECIAL TRAIN SERVICE.
Train* leave Third and Townsead sts. at
10:15 a. m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-flJta and Va-
lencia sts. five minutes later. Returning: at
4:45 -pw m. and Immediately after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars direct to the
park entrance every five minutes during tn*
day. •aBUSbtUmM
ADMISSION. 25 CENT8. ULDIE8 FRE31.
MIBOEUjAJTEOTTH AJCCTSJUJUJTS.
box orncs kov o?i» at rvi t£>o
ioI"^. 0^ 1 ..*..:?:'. 1 ! DUSS
And His Metropolitan Opera-House Orchestra
With MADAME NORDICA
Mrs. Katharine Fit . Mr. lahia Fraiko.
COJTCEBTS'AT AXHAM3BA TXZATSB
Evenings Oct. 27-20. Matinee Oct. 23-30.
PRICES— 13. $2. 91; Box Seats. $3 AO and U.
Wednesday. "Pop" Matinee — SOc to $2.
OAKLAND. WEDNESDAY NIGHT. OCT. 28X*.
x With NORDICA.
Next— ELLERT'S ITAHAN BAND.
G. W. LEADBEATER
Of I-ondon Will Lecture . Upon
"MAN VISIBLE- AND KIViaiBLB,**
(StereopUcon VlewsJ, ' In Golden Oats KaU at
* 8 p. xa. Afimlssloo, 23e. .
AMUSEMENTS.
tft.f%l IBUBB A SAN rRANCisco'3
vUbUl¥SJ9i£t LEAD1NQ TKEA\?JE
TO-NIGHT
AND FOR
ANOTHER WEEK
Wtatlneo Saturday Only.
Tbe Most Emphatic Reception Srer Ac-
corded, a Star in This City.
ROBERT
EDESON
(Management of Henry B. Harris.)
In Richard Hardin* Davis'
Soldiers of Fortune
Stage Version by AUGUSTUS THOMAS.
ODCOI1I Two Weeks of Merriment
OrlZulAL Two Weeks of Music .
Beginning Monday, Nov. 2
After 23 Weeks In Chicago.
Immense Production Intact.
Msnagement Dearborn Theater Co. of Chicago.
mfjl? THE MUSICAL
X JuLJu FANTASY
STORKS
COMPANY OF SEVENTY-FIVE
And the
ORIGINAL CHORAL FLOCK OF GIRLS.
ALL AMERICAN BEAUTIES
EVcRY SONG A HUMMER
CFAT^ Will Be Placed on Sale Com*
dUAlO menclny »ext Thursday.
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market st., near ElKhth; Phone South 533.
"SSB^^ANCH .10
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
> Matinees Saturday . and Sunday,
Mammoth -Production of
UNCLE TOM'S' CABIN
100— PEOPLE IK THE CAST— 100.
U R. STOCKWELL as LAWYER MARKS.
DDirEC Evenings. -VL! 1 ??. to 52°
FKltCJ Matlneea..... 10c. 15c. 25c
;-. -y- j*. i rr i Y\ Belasco * Mayer,
ALCAZARjto,.
Matinee To-day— To-nlsht— Last Times. •
CoWBO"Y"
i5a d LADY
•The triumph of the new stock playera Is
UNDER w^»-.
THE Drama
RED ROBE &m»nce.
Evrs 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 60o.
M^N.: 2 .^au^ra, of^he^omedy Sea-
too Much jqhinson
LAST WEEK OF
| THE F>A K/\DERs"]
Tn« Musical Comedy * That Broke the Record
• With Its Great
- '^ Our "AH Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILU BARNEY BERNARD.
- W1NTIELD BLAKE. MAUDE AMBER.
HARRY HERMSEN. ELEANOR
JENKINS.
| NOTICE. | ,
Next Monday NI«ht. "RUBES AND ROSE8,"
a Musical Comedy that will wipe all others off
the face of -the earth.:- Seats now on sale at
the box ' office. Prices. * all - reserved— Night,
25c 60c and 76c: Matinees. 25c and BOc; Chll-
dren at Matinees. : 10c and 25c.
Sam trancisco by automobile. .
Rates Les* i: Than" Carriage- Hire.
Call MOBILE Carriage Co.
GOLDEN GATE AND VAN- NESS AVES.
Phones Larkin 3S41. Polk 3086.
Downtown . office. Lobby Palace Hotel, Phone
. r ;• : - ¦ .„ - . i Bush 1 859.---«pe«i?^
You can ' secure these - cars at the of no of any
hotej or cafe. . Open : Blfht and ¦ day.
AMUSEMENTS.
WSZr CCMMEHCIK9
This Afternoon, OCTOBER 25
II L'll SENSATIONS |
McWATTERS and TYSON
In Their Original Success,
"Scenes In a Dreailng-Room."
GOLEMAN'S DOGS i GATS
Direct from the . Alhambra. Theater,
London.
THREE RICHARDS
Marvelous European Aerobats.
CRAWFORD and MANNING
Comedians, gingers. Dancers and
Aerobau.-
WENONA and FRANK
World's Champion Rifle Shots.
WHISTLING TOMBROWNE
Of Hoyt's "A Trip to Chinatown"
Fame. j
HERBERT LLOYD
'¦The King's. Jester." Assisted by !
LILLIAN LJLYAN. :
NEW MOTION PICTURES
Showing the Latest Novelties.
Last Week of the Musical Comedians
WATERBDRY.KJENNEY
Presenting Mirth and Melody.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c;
Children, any part except reserved.
10c. A few front Orchestra rows, re-
served. 60c; front rows of Balcony, re-
served. 25c,
I I Yl/ Li house.
NOTE— Performances begin" at 8 sharp, Satur-
• day Matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIOHT— "ANDRE CHENIER."
NEXT WEEK.
Monday, Wednesday. Friday and Saturday
Evenlnga,
Verdi's Historical Opera,
"UN BALLO MASCHERA."
("THE MASKED BALL.")
• Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Evenings,
' Saturday Matinee,
Giordano's Masterpiece, -
"ANDRE CHBMER."
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. BOc. 75a. . ~
, ;• . Telephone Bush 9.. • -
Hlgh-Cliss Specialties Evary Afternoon and
ETenlng In the Theater.
WORLD AND KINGSTON; MATHBWB AND
HOFF; PHOEBE GIBSON; THE YERXAS;
FREEZE BROTHERS;- MABEL LAMSON.
NEW MOVINO PICTURES.
Visit tbe MYSTIC MIRROR - MAZE.
DON'T FAIL TO BEE
THE COLORED BABY
„ In the INFANT INCUBATOR. _1
¦-^——ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be — >
I.EOTTTBES AJTP C0*CXXT9.
¦ ygnTtft - - - imwAT m* T -T-.
223 Sutter at..
r9B£ffi/%%%£jEuf\ Thought Force.
MONEY-SAVING SALE
CUT-RATE PRICES
We are at the helgjit of the season now. Our assortment
was never so large as at present A grand opportunity to
purchase the very NEWEST STYLES^Just at the right time
and, what's very Important to you, at *
MONEY-SAVING PRICES
$37.50 Novelty Tailor Suits . . Gut Rate $25.00
Zlbcllne, Etamine and Broadcloth..
$42.50 English Tweed Tailor Suits .Gut Rate $30.00
Gray and Brown. Perfect In every detail— excellent quality
material— high-class workman* Up. #
$27.50 Novelty Tailor Suits . . Cut Rate $20.00
Black, ntv/, gray, tan, brown, csstor, bronze and mixed.
500 More New Mixture Suits muubxiv and.cutaw ay sty^-
G*)d vau;s anywhere J17. 50, I200? and $22.50—
Cut Rate Prices, $12.50 and $15.00
Nofelty Silk Coats ..$10.00 to $27.50
Novelty Cloth Coats .$8.50 to $20.00
Extra Quality ELECTRIC SEAL JACKETS Put Rafp (07 M
Regular Pr.ce, *3 -.co UUI rtCHOp OZllUU
Extra Quality NEAR SEAL JACKETS P,,t R 9 f 0 U(\ (10
TRIMMED. Regular Price, $50.00 UUI RdlOf OtUiUU
Children's Coits In Cloth and YeHrat it Popular Prices.
j 1230, 1232, 1234 Market Street/near Jones. |
GRAND £5i NOV. 2 to 28
¦ ¦¦ ¦ =Ko Snaday Ferfonaanoeti of thin Attraction. =*^^*^^^^^^=»
KATINXES WEDNESDAY AND SATUBDAY EACH w£i)X.
Seat Sale Opens Next Thursday, at 9 A. M.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S ? x tt S«f o wa£c^.°r
Dramatised by William Toting-. Mnsio by Edffar Stlllmaa X«n«y.
|| flTTI Curtain rises precisely at 8 o'clock on Evenlns Performance* and 2 o'clock at
M 1 1 I r ' Matinees. No one will be seated after rise of curtain until tno prelude. "Tna
II U I Li Sttr O f Bethlehem." Is concluded.
Prices, $2.00, $1.50, $1.00 and 75c tj
Excursion Bate* on All Hailroad UaH for "Ben-Hur" Patrons.
Country mall orders accompianled by remittance and a self -addressed stamped envelope fcr
reply will be filled In order received after regular sale opens.
APVZBTIBEMiltum
CITY 1 4&PARIS
Dry Goods °^^^p Company.
Ready=to=Wear fiarments
TJJE announce the readiness of new shapes
in Han - Tailored Suits in walking
! lengths, and the more dressy Demi-Tailored
Suits with the trained skirts, in the most
; fashionable colors and neat effects in men's
; wear mixtures. Extremely modish Separate
1 1 Dress Skirts in instep length, or with
slight train.
Rain-or-Shine Coats and Raglans and
; a striking selection of full length and three*
I quarter Evening and Street Co.ats, showing
I the novel semi-fitted fronts and backs.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
C«uy and StocHoa Stmis. Union Sqaan.
. - - AJfuJrir-itn r.r^xo. Ki^B*
T -i '¦ -i 1 * -- 1 - --- -- - -- - - i 1 ' *
.V AJTD BZ8 "
N. Y. METROPOLITAN ORCHESTRA
MEXT TUESDAY NIGHT, October 27th
MORDICA
WU1 Btsr "Ta« Iitebe^tod." from -Tristan •nl Xaolde." and pttai VsatOI
—Oxcaestral novelties by Blgar, Ooldmaxi and Halloa.
NeitWednesdajMatinee, October 28th Next Thursday Night, October 29th
"POP." CONCERT »ie&ard strauw* toss VOZX.
SpedAl Tx». Frlc... EOo to IS. "DON JUAN"
< FISK AND FRANKO, Soloists
FAREWELL CONCERT NEXT FRIDAY AFTERNOON, OCTOBER 30th
NORDICA and ****$&
Verdle* Will Btag tho Snararlaa Aria by Srksl sad T*nni*ua« Axlst
Korelty— Werla'a Suite "iorn* Uooae."
Reserred Seats $1, $1.50, $2 and $3 »&so s £d» GEN EBAt ADMISSION $1
SPECIAL — OAKUND — MACDONOUSH — Next Wednesday Night, October 28th
NO RDICA and Franko, Soloists.
. NEXT GREAT ATTRACTION
Royal Italian Band
Half a Hundred Artists
Directed by SIONOR MANFREDO CHIAFFARELLI
* Hear ttio Great Trumpet Soxtott©
Hear th© Great Saxophone Quartette
First Concert Sunday Matinee, Nov. 1st ssjrar Sirs:
Matinees Saturday and Sunday — Programmes Changed Etery Concert
POPULAR PRICES, 5Oc, 75c and Sl.OO
BSAT8 «XA»T AT ¦"um^PoOW^.'WE^- WBO3n!83>AT i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASH OR CREDIT
The Chance
of a Lifetime
Combination Book Case and
Writing Desk, solid quarter
sawed oak, French plate mir-
ror, rub piano finish. 4 adjust-
able shelves, handsome trim-
! mings, regular $20 va i ue j
this week only
$ I2£2
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.*
' 338-342 Post Street
Palace d °n >t pail to
taiaVW Bee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
anfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
f» * PALM ROOM, tho
iirand l $ uis xv par -
uiuitu L 5^ ud the LA-
H_ a. _|_ r DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room.
AMUSEMENTS.
The Next Recital of the Series Planned for
This Winter Will Be Given on
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 31st.
At 3 p. m.. in the Usual Place, \
STEINWAT HALL,.
MR. PERCIVAL. K. VAN YORX will pre-
side at tbe piano with the aid of the Ange-
lus, and
Mr. Herbert Williams,
'TENOR,
Will he the soloist of the occasion. Compli-
mentary tickets mar be had at the store any-
time before the recital.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Butter and Kearny sts.. 8. F.
-2*2 : *^B^§mB3B^l ~^t&* \
AUTOMOBILE AND
MOTOR CYCLE RACES
1NOLESIDB TRACK.
FRID AT and SATURDAY. Nov. . 6 and 7,
At 1:30 Sharp. ,
Eastern and Local Attraction*.
ADMISSION, «1.
v| TO-NIGHT. |H
MASON
AND
MASON
The Emperors of Germany. Funniest
German Comedians on the Stage.
Rudolph
AND
AdoBph
In the Furiously tunny Farce. Third
Successful Season.
? GREAT OAST:
Chaa. Mason, Harry Mason.
Ada Henry. Beatrice McKenzie.
Robert Mack. Majerda Henry Foy.
Bessie Phillips, Chas. H. Bates.
Louise Rutter. Chas. Conners.
NEXT SUNDAY
THE OHIiT BJSAZi KZHSTSSXi
SHOW 07 THE SEASON.
HAVERLY'S MINSTRELS,
"With the "assassin of sorrow," BILLY
VAN the minstrel man: Eddie Leonard,
associate endman with Lew Dockstader
last season, and a host of other notable
funmakers.
Ifrt] Coming— Herrmann.Tba Greal. |F
1 1 HE. ATRU
GRAND 8o E Jt!
MATINEES
TO-DAY, THURSDAY, SATURDAY
WEEK BEGINNING
MATINEB TO-D/fV
The Famous Musical Farce Comedy.
SPOTLESS
TOWN
* Leslie Morosco. Leila Shaw and a Clover
Company, of Comediennes.
. - New Songs Dances. Specialties.
Beautiful Girl Chorus.
pBirCC Nights.. 15o. 25o. Me. 73c
rWCCJ Matinees 15c. 25c. SOc
DOTTOIIf C FOK BARBERS. BA-
KK MOM t\O kere - bootblacks. b»U»-
"*' Y ****•*»* bouet, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, papcr-
hangtrt. printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tallon, etc
BUCHAITAN BS0S*
Brash KbuinXactaxers, 609 Sacramento St.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearTO SAIL.
Steamer. De.t; P atlon. SaU^ «fier/
c „ October 25. '
Kg£& fi*u n m»° * ??.: £& B fi
O. W. Elder *«£*£**«** U Ji
h ' al Wlliapa Harbor.'. . 3 r,m Pier 5
S Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm P ier ?
K. Liggett.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm P ill 10
KS^ SUr 0 :.::::: ,t-»E r 1?
J. Dollar... Seattle A Tacoma. 10 am Pi tr *
Mar,po S a... j Tah,ti t< . i> .. p ... v ... nainP ]- -
*^£d issa &. 10 4 tfe 10 o
NevadBn. . . \ Honolulu 8 p m £,£
! . i October Sis. »" u K«r -i
Iaqua Humboldt u am Pier 5
Wioenlx Mendocino City f 1 cm pi.J. mf
Corona Humboldt |1 :30s Pier a
Bonlta Newport Way Pt«. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports.lU am Pier 8
October 20. | r 9
Bute of Cal San Diego & Way.| 0 amIPier 11
Sierra Syilney & Way Pto.l 2 pm pV er 7
October 30. I '
Arctlo Humboldt .........I 4 pm Pier 10
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay| lPier 16
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 amIPier la
Callfornian. New Tork direct pj er 23
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chlco Coqullle River..... C pm Pier 1
October 31. 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 0
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco..-* N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
N. Fork.... Humboldt S pm Pier 2
November 1. . ,
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay. . San Pedro. & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
. November 2. | |
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma. |10 am Pier 2
Steamer. From. Due.
S. yen t M N'analmo :.. Oct. 25
Pnoeni* Mendoclno Oct. 25
vL Monlca San p «dro Oct. 25
pd'th Seattle Oct. 23
£ureka Humboldt Oct. 23
SP 11 ' 1 *- Newport £ Way Ports. Oct. 25
Chehalis Grays Harbor Oct. 2C
5*™*".? Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 26
h. H. Leggett. Humboldt Oct 2«
5 er0 / Oyster Harbor Oct. 20
£ e wfaur*: • . .. . San Pedro Oct 2«
Corona riumboldt Oct 26
Arctic.. Humboldt Oct 27
Coronado Grays Harbor .... . ..j Oct 27
H*dondo Humboldt . . Oct «7
DelNorte.... Crescent City Oct! 27
SKSt*to V^" 1 " 6 Rlver •••• Oct. 27
A i£™ bla P° rtla "d & Astoria .... Octl 27
p r^ U Coos Bay A Port Orford Oct. 28
North' Fork" £' W York vla Panama. Oct. 28
worm fork.. Humboldt Oet 2*
Cenunnial.... attIe & Tacoma":::: 8^ U
AUlance Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 20
£on?on c £:::;: SSSsf dt *.^. Port8 - 3& %
Santa Rosa.. San D1 l Q * WaV'ports Oct -9
85 I&bU " £ en<5 r£ 0 * Pt- Arena Oc '. »
guV y acg eb . u :: ax^::-:^ B
f»2£:::: P B'a d y o . & .. w - p - ; | g
IK"; 8«ttl. & Whatcotn. . . Nov. l
l^m ia 4 .^ IB i
During the ride up the mountain the
utmost amazement wag expressed at the
engineering skill developed in construct
ing "the crookedest road in the World."
One delegate from Wyoming declared that
a "big rattlesnake would break his buck
trying to climb along the rails."
When the "double bow knot" on the
road was reached and the full grandeur
of the view dawned en the excursionists
a Jolly party of staid bankers in the rear
scats of one of the trains arose in a body
and sang, "Oh, It Is Beautiful," para
phrasing a well-known church hymn.
Conductor I. A. Compere, who was in
charge of the train, Bald that if they
handled money like they did music he 1
The accommodations were perfect, and
not the slightest hitch occurred In the
transportation facilities. The day was
delightful, but, much to the disappoint
ment of the sightseers, a heavy*, fog drift
ed in through the straits, obscuring the
view of points in the distance. Before the
party left the summit the fog lifted suf
ficiently to give a good view of the ocean
and the lower part of San Francisco. To
the east a splendid idea of the configura
tion of the country could be gafned, and
the visitors feasted their eyes on the out
look. The cloud effects of the fog in the
valley below were beautiful, and 'the
women especially were in raptures over
the panorama, gleefully exclaiming; that
they were "above the fog at last."
Those of the visiting bankers and their
families who chose the trip to ; Mount
Tamalpais as the fitting climax to a pleas
ant "visit to San Francisco' and its envi
ronments went into ecstacies over their
experience yesterday. The ferry-boat left
its pier at 10 o'clock and landed its pas
sengers at Sausalito in time to connect
with two Bpeclal trains at Mill Valley
bound for the summit of the mountain.
Visiting Bankers View Country From
' Mount Tamalpais.
MOVE ABOVE THE CLOUDS.
MAZATLAX— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Korea.
for San Franelaeo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
Sailed Oct 24— Stuir Rotterdam, for New
York.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 2t— Stmr Menominee,
for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Minne
apolis, fcr London; stror Pretoria, for Ham
burg; stmr Umbrla, for Liverpool; stmr Kroon
land. for Antwerp; Btnir Pi lnceas Irene, fur
Genoa and Naples: stmr Furnesaia,' for Ulaa
gow; Btrar Norse, for Christiania and Copen
hagen.
Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Arabic, from Liver
pool and Queenstown.
BREMEN— Sailed Oct 24 — Stmr Friederlch
der Grosse, for New York.
HAVRE — Hailed Oct 24 — Stmr La Touralne,
for New York; etmr La Champagne, for New
York. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Phil
adelphia, for New York, via Cherbourg.
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Finland,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr - Etrurla,
for New York.
GENOA — Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Hohenrol
lern, from New York.
MARSEILLES — Arrived Oot 24 — Stmr Clover
Hill, from Hongkong, Manila ana Tacoma.
TO 'ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about -5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. .
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25. 1903.
Sun rises 6:27 a. m;
Sun sets , ...'.... 5:19 p.m.
Moon gets ......... f .:.y. 9:24 p. m.,
d iTlmel Time Time Tlmel
£ j [Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. 1, Ft.
.¦* |H W| L W HW L W|
25 J 8:381 4.7 8:17 ,3.0 2:23 8.0 9:12 , 0.3
26 I 4:331 4.6 0:20 8.2 8:24 4.7 10:05 0.8
27 5:»0 4.7 10:42 3.2 4:22 4.4 11:00 0.8
28 | 6:21 4.8111:59 3.0 6:32 4.211:60 1.0
20 17:00 4.8 1:00 2.7 6:40 4.1 ..........
|L W IH W i L W H W .
80 I 0:42 1.2| 7:47 6.0 1:48 2.3 7i42 , 4.2
NOTE— In the above expooltlon of the tides
-the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the • successive - tldea of the
day In the order ot occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, us
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings Of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except' when a minus ( — )
•ign precedes the height, - and then the number
given i Is ! subtracted I from I the depth given ¦ by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low .waters.
Steamer. \ .,,,-, For. ,. - Sails.
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 25
Dolphin : Skagway A Way. Ports. Oct. 26
CltyTopeka.. Hkagway A-Way.Porti. Oct. 23
Dlrlgo fikagway A. .Way Porte. Oct. . 30
Excelsior Cooks. Inlet & Way Pts.' Nov.' 1
City Seattle.'. Skagway & Way Ports. Nox, - 2
Bertha....... Valdex & Way- Ports.. Nov. .' 7
Cot tage. City.. Skagway & Way Ports.- Nov. I 8
Sun, Moon • and Tide.
United Etatea Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and * law
BANKERS GO TO SAN JOSE.
Beauties of Santa Clara Valley De
light the Visitors.
The excursion to Palo Alto and San
Jose tendered to the visiting bankers by
the bankers of San Francisco yesterday
was a success In every way. The train
pulled out from the depot promptly at
9:15 a. m. with its complement of 400 pas
sengers. The first stop was made at Palo
Alto, where the visitors were shown the
Interiors of the beautiful chapel, the mu
seum and the library that form such im
portant factors, in the Leland Stanford Jr.
University. When' this inspection was
concluded, some fifty vehicles were
brought Into requisition, and the entire
party was driven about the spacious
grounds,' after which the train was again
boarded, and the objective point, San
Jose, was reached shortly after 1 o'clock.
Here, lined up in front of the depot, was
a magnificent collection of swell traps,
drags, four-in-hands and superb carts of
every kind and description, awaiting the
pleasure of the distinguished visitors. A
large majority of these private turnouts
were driven by their respective owners.
The party was immediately whirled out
to the Sor'osis fruit farm. Here the great
packing-room had been cleared out and
tables spread to accommodate 500 people.
The luncheon was sumptuous, and was
composed entirely of the products Of the
Santa'Clara Valley. The tables were rich
with wines and luscious fruits. Each
guest was presented with a bottle of El
Quito wine and one of El Quito olive oil.
The return drive to San Jose through the
orchards and , vineyards was a rare treat
in itself, and brought forth unbounded
praise from the visitors. A. Randolph
Howard, president of the Bank of Middle
sex of Fredericksburg, Va.. was most en
thusiastic over the trip. He said:
"This visit to the fruit regions of Cal
ifornia was a great revelation to us, and
the immense- wealth of this agricultural
district is amazing. This - excursion - has
been absolutely perfect. The hospitality
of California seems to be unbounded, and
the wonders of the State are certainly
limitless."
San Jose and Stanford were visited by
the following named:
D. H. Morse Jr.. W. L. Mauls, J. A. Swal
well. J. B. Arnold, T. W. Welsh " Jr.. Mrs.
T. W. Welsh Jr., Miss A. V. Welah, A. Dob
son. Mrs. A. Dobson. Calvan Page, Mrs. A.
E. Breed. F. W. Brooks, Mrs. F. \V. Brooks,
Robert ¦ Moody, Mrs. Robert Moody. B. I.
Cohen, J. R. Edmunds, Mrs. J. R. Kdmunds,
Charles K. Edmunds, -Mrs. Alverda Smale,
Arthur Hauae, A. I). Buckner, Miss Mary i
Heard, H. ' E. Clemens, W. J. Lyons, Mill
Laughlln, Mrs. T. Hickxnan, D. Anner. Miss
P. Anner, M. Meidell, Miss Nellie Hendy,
Alex. Martin Jr., Mrs. Alex. Martin Jr.. Miss
E. W. Qowen. ¦ R. G. Ganwell. J. Spence,
Mrs. J. Spence, C. J. Johnson. Mrs. C. J.
Johnson, Mord. Carter, C. D. Albro, Mrs. E.
D. Albro, W. E. McLaughlln. Mrs. W." E.
McLaughlin. W. K. Coffin. Mrs. W. Coffin.
Mlm G. B. Coffin. Mrs. Sarah Hollis. Miss M.
Hollls, S. B. Eakin. Mrs. S. B. Eakin, L. L.
Bennett, Mrs. L. L. Bennett, C. C. Bush,
Mrs. C. C. Bush, D. J. Harris. D. J.
Ftaeer, Mrs. Fraser. A, H. Perfect, Mrs.
A. H. Perfect. Joe Block, R. E. Black,
W...McB. Connell, J. S. Scully Jr.. H. H.
Eav>v Mrs. H. H. Eavy. A. Bergman, D. V.
Voorhees. F. H. Kueck. E, D. Buss? Mrs. E.
D. ; Buss. • Chandler Starr, J. D. Wat
erman, Mra. J. D. Waterman, L. H.
Reed. W.~ F. Barnes, Guy A. Lee,
Mrs. Guy A. Let. Scott Field, W, H.
Byerta, G. L. McPherson, Miss I. McPherson.
V. • II' Johnson,'. Mrs. V. E. Johnson, V T
Barker. Guy L. V. Emerson, George He'ller'
Mrs. ; George Heller, Julius : Kroos. Mrs. Julius
Kroos. J. Furth. Mrs. A. Levlnson, j. R. Llnd
berg. Mrs. J. R. ¦ Llndbnrg. 8. Mitchell. Mrs
Mitchell. Mrs. W. Andeiaon. W. p. Billings'
Mrs. Billing*. -" Mis« F. Billings, Arthur Lee
Thomas D. Dee, Mrs. Thomas D. Dee Miss F*
Dee, M1«b M. 1 Dee, D. Ecclos, W. W. Edgerton
Mm. Edgerton, Mls« E. ' Edgerton. Mrs. D Eel
eles. ' W. W. . Rite* Miss i L. . Jennings, ai g
Broslus. Samuel Wickemham, H. J». Lincoln*
K. C. Wells.tM. M. Phlnney. M. L. ¦ WllluS*!
Mrs. Williams. F. A. Hall. Mrs. Hall, C h
Turner.'. J. M. Henderson Jr., Mrs. Henderson'
Alex Gordon. Mlw Hull. Miss N. Hull" KM
Klmball, K. C. Bowman, Mrs. Bowman W N
Avery, MIm F. A very, R. E, FInney ' W ' ¦ H
Austin. J. A. West. H. G. Flleth. Mrs 'plieth
Mrs. M. Flleth. W. A. Davis. J. D Saffortf
M. J. Gallup, - Mrs. Gallup. - Ed Neely M~'
Ne«ly.'E. M. Gllkerson. Mrs. GHkerson L 8
Hills. Mrs.' Hills, S. S. Campbell. Mrs 'camD
ball. J. H. Welman. Mrs. WeimanT A m
Drake Mrs. Drake. AN. Odlnhelmer, 'Mrs!
Odinheimer, 'J.'^P, Floerach, Mrs. Floersch
Mr».T A/ Burns. O. E. Ltwli, A. M. Oleason/
Vtrs.Glnson.MUaU. L. Alken. J.J. White
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc, Office, U. S. N.. Mar
. chants'; Exchange, ;San .Francisco. Cal.,
October 24. - 1903 : ¦ • ¦ ¦ • ¦ 2 ;
-' The Time Ball on ¦ the tower ¦ of . the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I.' •., at noon of the 120th- meridian.' or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. ¦ ¦
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Barracouta Sails.
Th* Pacific Mail Company's Barracouta
Failed yesterday for Panama and way ports
frith about -elxty passengers and 2500 tons of
cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Aristotnene is chartered for
lumber from Paget Sound to Valparaiso for
orders (Pleagua rasge) at 32a 6d; If to a direct
port, 2s Cd leas.
Shipment of Crude Oil.
Thi» eteamer Argyll was cleared yesterday
ir>r Honolulu with 27,000 bbls crude oil in
bulk, valued at $37,800.
Grain for Europe.
T7i» French ehip Biarritz was cleared yester
day for Queenetown. for orders, wlta 58,792
rtlB barley, valued at J70.M3, and 15,196 ctls
wheat, valued at $16,033. The vessel also
had &000 ft luisber aa dunnage, valued at $120.
Tvro Cargoes for Mexico.
The echooner General Banning was cleared
yesterday for San Bias and Mazatlan with 112,
24S ft lumber. 106 bdls laths, 1278 bdls shocks,
200 cs powder, 0 cs blasting caps, 600 cs car
tridges and IS cs fuse, valued at 110,711.
The brig Lurllne sailed yesterday for Altata
with 6800 ft lumber aad 12.170 bdls snooks,
valued at $9227.
Exports for the North.
The eteamer Umatllla sailed on Friday for
Victoria with an asorted cargo, consigned to
the port of destination and the principal Brit
ish Columbian ports, valued at $34,483, and
Including the following:
26.D90 Iba raislnc, 1300 lbs dried fruit, 570
pkgs freeh fruits, 60 pkga fresh vegetables, 12,-
T76 lb« coffee, 2000 lbs chocolate. 4550 lbs
malt. €116 lbs beans. 1300 lbs meal. 635 pkgs
paste. 2046 lbs cascara, 30 pkgs onions, 945
Km cheese, 430 cs canned goods, 6 cs liquors.
10 gala wine. 1 cs hats. 80 cs drugs. 108 lbs
ham and bacon. 4648 lbs lead pipe, 5638 pigs
J'td. 1223 lbs dried rhrlmps, 1 cs boots and
thoes. 27 pea eteel. 48 ca arms and ammuni
tion. 25 drums glycerine. 8 pkgs groceries and
rrovUioES, 5 c* dry foods. 13 cs oysten.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
The bark Olympic was cleared for Honolulu
>-e«t«Tflay with an assorted merchandise cargo,
vaJued at $76,504, and including the following:
2300 bbls flour, 4S16 ctls barley, 87,248 lb*
beans, 67.105 lb« middlings. 135 ctls wheat,
1»S2 bales hay 357 ctla oats, S125 lbs meals
: ."2 ctla com, 29&0 lbs 25 ska dried peas 111 -
t50 lbs augar. 30,fcC7 lbs bran. 11,263 gals 2*
cs wine, 13 cs liquors, 112 cs mineral water,
136 cs 25 rals whisky. 10 ca brandy. 4119 c«
ranned goods, 15 cs olives, 25 pkgs fresh fruits.
285 lbs raisins, 82 pkgs groceries and provi
sions. 1350 lbs teed, 100 bxs paste. 4S0 lbs
chocolate. 2200 os 275 pkgs salmon. 20,600 lbs
lard, 13,150 lbs bread, 45 cs eplces, 1807 lbs
chicory. 3600 lbs heps. S177 lbs glucose. 2914
ra'.s vinegar. 20S.000 lbs 10 ca salt. 470S lbs
rtarch, 2t<0 lbs dried fruit, 65 cs paints. 50
Tins matches. 041 gals oils. 65 bdla brooms 17
pkz» dry goods, 672 fcxs soap, 12 bdls leather
1000 poets. 42 call eperm oil, 2S35 pes plp«
and attires. 6641 lbs seda aeh, 2656 lbs elll
ctte of eotfa, 38 bales paper bags.
Etmr Sl«nal, Bendesard. 30 hours from Eu-
Pasadena, Rasmussen. 16 hours from
Stm? Gualala, Johnson. 10 hours from FI«h-
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. 19 hours from West-
Stmr Fulton. Lee, 19 hours from Hardy
Creek- bound for San Pedro; put in for pas-
Sen * en! - CLEARED.
• Saturday, October 24.
Stmr Barracouta. Traek. Panama; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr Pomona, Ewanson. Eureka: Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Argy'l. Gllboy, Honolulu; t-nlon Oil Co.
Ft chip Biarritz, Gaudln, Queenstown; Glr
vln & Eyre. . _.,,,,
Bark Olympic, Evans, Honolulu; >vll!Iams,
Kchr Gen Banning. Bennewltz. MazatU";
W'm Olsen.
SAILED.
Saturday. October 24.
Etmr Coos Bay, Xlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Aberdeen. Daniel*. Astoria.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Barracouta. Trask. Panama.
Stmr Melv.lle Dollar, Fossn, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Fulton. Lee, San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendoclno.
Stmr National City. Hammer. Fort Bragg.
Stmr San Pedro. Andresen. San Pedro.
Bark Olympic, Evans. Honolulu.
Bark Prussia. Jensen. Port Blakeley.
Bark Palmyra. Petersen, Port Gamble.
Brig Lurllne. Forest. Altata.
Schr Gen Bannlnc. Bennewltz. Mazatlan.
SPOKEN.
Bept 26. lat 44 S, Ion 61 W, Br ship Sir
Robert Fern'.e, from Barry, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 24, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— Sailed Oct 24 — Schr Qcenta
Vance, for San Diego.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed Oct 22— Schr Oakland,
for San Francisco. , . ~ „. „
¦ PORT TOW'NSEN'D— Passed In Oct 24 — Etmr
St Paul, from Nome, for Seattle; stmr Lyra,
from Hongkong, for Tacoma.
SEATTLE^ — Arrived Oct 2* — Stmr Rainier,
hence Oct 20. Oct 23 — Stmr Santa Barbara,
hence Oct 1». Oct 24 — Stmr St Paul, from
Nome; stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
Sailed Oct 24^ — Stmr Montara, for San Fran-
C PORT ELAKELET— Arrived Oct 24— Schr
Snow & Burcees, from Port Gamble.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 24— Schr Manila,
bence Oct 8; itmr San Mateo, hence Oct 21.
ASTORIA— Bailed Oct 24 — Oer «tmr Elba,
for Japan; schr Andy Mahony. for San Fran
° E3A>J DIEGO— Sailed Oct 24— Br bark Kel
burn. for Port Town«end.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr
Brooklyn, hence Oct 23. ' '
Sailed Oct 24 — Stmr Brunswick, for San
COOS^AT— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Czarina,
hence Oct 22. _ A
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr
Marshtleld. from Fort Bragg.
WHATCOM— Arrived Oct 24— Ship Spartan,
"pORT GAMBLE— Sarfed Oct 24— Schr Snow
& Burgess, for Port BlakoJey.
PORT HAPLOCK— Arrived Oct 24 — Bark
Hecla. hence Oct 7.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 24 — Stmr Ban Ma
teo, hence Oct 21. for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 23— Schr Mary Dodge,
for San Francisco; etmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco- stmr San Pedro, for Ban Francisco.
Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Arctic, hence Oct 23;
Btmr North Fork, hence Oct 22.
Sailed Oct 24 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; «chr Bertha Dolbcer, for San Diego;
Btmr Lakroc. for Ran Pedro.
NOME — In port Oct 15 — Stmr Roanoke. from
Seattle; etmr Senator, from Nome; stmr Port
land, from Nome: stmr Ellhu Thomson and
etmr Ohio, from Seattle.
To wull Oct 17 — Stmr Senator, for Seattle:
stmr Portland, for Seattle. Stmr Corwln and
»tmr Badie still north.
ST MICHAEL — Arrived. Oct 11 — Stmr Ellhu
Thomson, from Nome: stmr Roanoke, from
St-attlf. Oct 12— Stmr St Paul, hence Sept 24.
Sailed Sept 14 — Schr Seven Sister*, for Pu
get Sound. Oct 12 — Stmr Elihu Thomson, for
; Btmr Ft Paul, for Nome. Oct 14 — Stmr
Rnanoke, fcr Nome.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Alca
zar, from Greenwood.
Railed Oct 24 — Stmr Santa Monica, for 1 . San
Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Navarro,
for San Francisco.
GARDINER— Sailed Oct 24 — Stmr San Ga
briel, for Fan Pedro.
MENDOCINO — Sailed Oct 24 — Btmr Phoenix,
for Pan Francisco. •
ABERDEEN — Arrived Oct 24 — Schr Cecilia
Sudden, from San Pedro; schr W J Patterson,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 24 — Stmr Coronado. for San Fran
cisco: scbr W H Smith, for San Pedro: »chr
Comet, for San Pedro..
PORT HARFORD— Arrivf d Oct 24— Btmr
Bantu Cruz, hence Oct 23. '
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 24 — Schr Ce
cilia Hudden. from San Pedro; schr Vega, from
«olovln Bay: ochr W J Patterson, from San
Pedro.
Sailed Oct 24 — Stmr Coronado. for Son Pe-
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Nebras
kan. for Fan Francisco; schr Otillle Fjord, for
Eureka.
Arrived Oct 24^ — Br ahlp .Queen Margaret,
from Newcastle. Au».
HONOirU— Sailed Oct 23— Schr Defender,
for Fan Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 23— Ship Ed
ward Sewall. from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Oct 23— G-r stmr
Numantla. hence June 11. <%j0£fh
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived Oct 23— Ship
John Ena, from Melbourne.
Sailed Oct 23 — BKtn Encore,- for Honolulu.
BEACHY HEAD— p M s*d Oct 23— Ger ship
Neck, from Victoria, for United Klosdom.
The Barracouta's Cargo.
The steamer Barracouta called yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise c%r%rt, valued at 1110,023 and dis
tributed us foilows: For Mexico. $10.3.'>3;
Ontral America. JJ8.2C7; Colombia, $2534;
>>>w Yoik, $7«.WS>: Darbadoes Island, »J»SO
c;ennany. % $1200; Holland. *650. The leading
exports wore as follows:
To Mexico — J00 fiyk* quicksilver. 27.CS4. ft
lumber, 75S lbs naso. tt»J8 lbs dried rnilt, SO cm
canned c«*d», 20 n nalmon. o pkgs groceries
er.d provisions. 5lct Ion ham, 117 pkg* fresh
fruit. 4 i.kgs liquors, 239 gals wine, 20 gals
brandy. 13 pkgs paste, 576 lbs 1 cs bread, lit
r-t* cnior.H. 28 rals 20 cm whisky, 05 pkgv po
tatoes. 200 bait, shocks. 6 kegs nails. 300 lbs
« odfi*h. «30 Ibis itplce*. a pkg« freab veretables.
" b4!s oarr. 4 bale* oakum, S colls rope, 20
os fmtn. 1 rs boots ar.d shorn, 1 rteam laucch,
a kegs por.-der, 8 rolls canvas.
To Ontral America— 2838 bhl« flour. C0.000
lbs aalt, ti3« lbs eploes. 72 pices groceries aad
j:rovislor*. 15 c» csnnrd goods. 275 gmli 70 cs
whisky, 39<i ee.!s 2ft cs wine. 2 pkgs liquors,
L4~ lb» giuccse, 1025 lbs tea. 75 pkgs potatoes.
JCd lbs dried fruit. 721 lbs raisins. 210 lbs
nuts. 'Ji f.-s oil. 20 piers paper. 4 cs paints, 9
<s eoaj>. J4 bales oakum. 9 c« turpentine. 2«>
: ks coa!. '4 bales bafs. 23,463 lbs tallow. 00
cs • -..- | on. 123 keca white lead, 43 cs tar, 3
• • ruljbtr hose, 2 bdl» oars.
To <'nl(.ml)ia— 330 bbls flour. 12.21S lb» su-
Kcr, 3M els cnlons. 20 ct* rarlic, 25 cUi po
'.r.tiiCB. 3 ike? shrimps. 1 drum add, 600 bxs
hoap. 2 bales brooms.
To New York — 124.313 rals wine, TBO gala
lirandy. 1T.S00 !b« dry hid**, 75 bales Junk
:.78O p!gt lead. ft«e bdis scrap leather. 7 pkgs
manu?act«r«l wood, 33 cs paper, 41 i>kx«
f.Tcotyp* material.
To Barbadocs Uland— 200 es canned salmon
M os canned goods. S29 lbs nuts an<J 1 cs
&tieH Trail.
••¦^> Cermany— S0.O40 lbs dried prunes.
• Upland.— 22.000 lbs dried prunes.
-• • — .jug Intelligence.' ' m
Saturday. October 21.
Htn-.r Qu* -ii. Cousins. 63 hours frnm Victoria
t:i4 Pusrrt IV^in^ ports.
Ptrr:r Farr-ca, iladsen. It; boura Trom Cas
par: bound ;•< Sa.n l'edro; put In to Ixcj pa*-'
».<-ngora.
Rtmr San PcCro. Andre*en. 27 h<rors from
Eureka; bound touUi; put la io land paesen
ccra.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP L.YTTON, DAMAGED BY GOING ASHORE AT SA
LINA CRUZ AND KOW ON THE DRYDOCK AT HUNTERS POINT
UNDERGOING REPAIRS.
The rate of reinsurance oa the Norwegian
bark Clrnbrta was advanced yesterday to IS
per cent. Th« other ovenSues were not changed
and rtand as follows: St. Mungo, 40 per cent;
CTiarlonus, 10 per cent; Fifeshlre, 15 per cent.
The Overdue I/ist.
Captain McCaUa of the navy will to-day
prese&t a flrst-claes medal of honor to A. G.
Row. quartermaster on the navy tug Unadllla.
How on December 13. 1901. Jumped overboard
at Mare Island and aared from drowning Mrs.
George V. Hawks, the wife of Medical
Director Hawks. For this act Row was rec
ommended for a medal and t»-day his bravery
will receive official recognition.
Medal for Brave Jackie.
J. M. Daily of Stockton arrived here early
yesterday morr.ing. a passenger on the river
rteamer Captain Weber. It waa dark when
the WeDer tied up at Washington-street wharf
and Daily, m-ho Is an early riser, arose before
the. fun. An electric light Illuminated the
tamrplarJc. Daily, warmly wrapped In a heavy
overcoat, started across the plank. He looked
the electric light equarely in Us gleam. The.
rlitter blinded him. Unwittingly he changed
his course. There were no protecting lines oa
the Fur.pj !i-k and Daily stepped Into the bay.
The ooet that in the cold morning air was a
friend and comforter proved en unwelcome,
burden In the- water, and It was with great
difficulty that Daily kept himself afloat until
h« was rescued. He was dried out at the Har
bor Hospital.
Joseph Lacey. who gave his residence as 714
Franklin ctreet and appeared to be consider
ably under the influence of Intoxicants, fell
into the bay from MUslon-street wharf and
v a« alto cared for at the Harbor Hospital.
Stockton Man Falls Into Bay.
vine, the huge presses that relieve it of
its juice, the large vats in which the Juice
Is allowed to ferment and the huge tuns
in which the newly made wine Is stored
and aged. Many were the exclamations of
delight and surprise at tht wonders of
wine making.
Refreshments were provided, and all
had an abundance of the good red and
white varieties of wine and all the grapes
they could eat.
Those who visited the Italian-Swiss
colony were:
E. X. Bcrbecker. Mrs. Berbeck«r, Miss Per
becker, J. T. Walker. Mrs. Walker. ColoneJ J.
C. Currier. Miss Currier. Charles a. Edwards.
Mrs. Edwards. P. O. Flttzer. Mrs. Flttier.
Mtas Ada Fittzer. W. C. Crane. H. J. Patter
son, F. Pager. F. it. Daniels, J. F. Moulton.
H. C. Roller, J. E. Wergner, F. L. Wolfe. R.
M. Welch, A. M. Tournier. C. M. Preston. J.
W. Preston. F. J. Hale. Theo Read. A. Sbar
boro. D. de Vecchl, E. Rossi. D. A. Bender.
Mrs. Bender. Mrs. W. .Settle. Miss Chilton. "A.
Hanson, L. Oppenheimer. D. S. Snodgraas, C.
O. Perry. Miss G. Norton, Miss K. Norton.. T.
O. Sadlier. Mrs. Colburn, C. L. Davis. Mrs.
Davis. Mrs. W. H. Davis, L. M. Robblna, Mrs.
Robblns, Mrs. Deminff, Mrs. Smith. Miss
Smith, Miss Robbins, W. W. Sylvester, Miss
M. Gray. Dr. H. W. Allen. Howard F. Jones.
H. C. Gingg. W. R, Porter. Mrs. P. F. Pflnst.
L. W. Storra. Mrs. Storra. T. S. Hawkins,
Mrs. Hawkins. Mrs. W". I. Hawkins., Mis*
Stark. Mrs. Stark. G. Glass. Mrs. Glass. S. L.
Abbott Jr., M. Youne. Miss I* Young. Mrs.
Blumenthal. Miss F. Blumenthal. Charles I}!u
mfnthal, Edwin Phulhorw, C. M. KeckrtSlB'*.
Keck. R. M. Smith, Mrs. Smith. Jullusjg .
menthal, S. Couple. Mrs. Couple. J. 'uMifSrs,
Miss M. Allen. J. P. Murphy. Mn. Murphy,
G. W. Stohmeyer. Mrs. Stohmey«r. Elliott
Callendar. W. H. Davis. Miss E. Cameron.
Mrs. M. S. Dobie. Mrs. Maynard. C. H. Duns
more. C. R. Smith, Mrs. Smith. Mrs. W. H.
8tone. C. B. Delany. Mrs. Delanv. J. K.
Lynch. Mrs. Lynch. George B. Howard. M!*«
Arbuckle, W. F. McCauley. Mrs. MeCauley.
James A. Graham. Mlsa Grxham. J. T. Dis
mukes. J. M. Homn. M. B. Lane. C. T. Ben
der. Mm. C. E. Laughton. L. O. Nesonettl,
Mrs. Nesonettl, R. Harkenson. Mrs. Harkcnson.
THE IRISH AND
KINO EDWABDVH
Mrs. White, MIsa B. Whit*. Mrs
M. A. AKord. E. S. Atkinson, Mrs.
E. S. Atkinson, E. R. May, O. H.
Berry. J. E. Baker. Mrs. J. E. Baker. W. Liv
ingston. Mr* W. Livingston. George H. Bay, J.
M. Holley. E. A. Elcok, Miaa Olson, J. L.
William*, Mr». J. L. Williams. L. O. Burpee.
Mrs. L G. Burpee, L. M. Otts, O. A. Hen
rich F. C. Renchie. L. M. Fletcher, W. R.
Stockbrldge, Mrs. W. R. StockbrldRe. Mrs. J.
Moser, C. R. Boyd. Mm. C. R. Boyd. A. II.
Paterson. A. S. Beymer. Mrs. A.
S. • Beymer, A. A. Sterling-, Mrs. A.
A. Sterling, H. B. Schooley. S. C. Lille*.
Mn. S. C. Linen, Miss H. C. Lilies, C, D.
Foster, Mrs. Foster, Mrs. F. F. Jenkins, J. H.
Glenncn. K. Wright, L. L. Sprague. L. Kohn,
Mrs. Kohn, Miss R. Kohn. Miss E. Kohn. A.
Kutner, Mrs. Kutner, Mrs. W. Crowell, Mrs.
S. Eddy. VV. Crowell. C. E. Rlgley. T. S. Os
mont, Mrs. Osmont. Mrs. B. B. Allen. A. H.
Robinson, Mrs. Robinson, J. R. Cooke, Mrs.
Cooke, O. A. Boker, Mrs. J. E. Marcell, Miss
E. Marcell, C. L. Marcell. R. P. Wheatley,
Leslie Butler, W. W. Sylvester, Miss. M. J.
Gray, Mrs. A. Randolph Howard, A. Randolph
Howard, W. Kast-n, F. Kasten. Mrs. F. Kas
ten, H. R. Lyon, Mrs. Lyon. E. G. McAnerny,
Thornton Cooke, C. L. Brokaw. Fred Ever
hard, H. C. Corr, Mrs. J. House. E. H. Can
fleld, Mrs. E. H. Canfleld. H. 8. Probasco, Mrs.
H. S. Probaeco. Mrs. E. d. Marrlatt. J. C.
Head, James Peters, E. G. Marriatt. M. H.
Mould. Mrs. Mould. T. W. English. Mm. Eng
lish, Mrs. I. Lundborg. I. Lundborg, Otto Krause,
T. W. Ollphant, T. B. Jackson. Mrs. T. B.
Jackson. C. R. Smith. Mrs. C. R. Smith. Mrs.
Nellie H. Btone. Elliott Callender, Mrs. Elliott
Callender. G. J. Waters. Mrs. V. P. Bozeman.
Miss E. Lawrence. F. W. Egnar. Mrs. F. W.
Esnar. Miw L. C. Taylor, C. S. Hale. Mrs. C.
S. Hale. H. Hale, Ed Brown, Miss Beekman,
S. F. Sullenberger, J. N. Robinson. F. X. Ben
ham, Mrs. F. N. Benham, J. W. Haven. Mrs.
W. E. Woolsey. Mrs. R. M. Shattuck.
S. J. MeKnight. Mrs. S. J. McKniitht. H. L.
Kelley. A. B. Rice, Mrs. Chlmplln, Mrs. Park
er. Mr?. Ptaab. A. Hammer. Mrs. A. Hammer.
,R. A. Crawford, Mrs. R. A. Crawford. H. R.
Dennis. R. J. Boland. Mrs. R. J. Boland, A.
C. Fernald. Mrs. A. C. Fernald. Martin I.
Brower. Mrs. M. I. Browen. Mrs. M. C. Robins,
J. H. Kahn. A. P. Sheriff, S. T. Walter. G.
R. Parkins. J. Lawrence, P. L. Alexander.
James H. Hough. Mrs. Jam's H. Hough. A.
J. Bennett. H. P. Bennett. R. E. Norton. L.
L. Spmgus. L. E. Plerson. Mrs. E. T. Heyer,
C. McDonald. C. L. Woods. Oeorse T. Fields.
George H. Flannagan, Mrs. Georjre H. Flana
gan. Miss E. P. Younjr. James A. Medler. Mrs
J. A. MedlT. J. F. Ticker. F. C. Howell. W.
K. Hurff. Mrs. W. K. Hurff. Mrs. T>. Spooner.
D. C. Spooner. Mrs. M. R. Howell. P. C. Finn.
Miss M. Buekman, H. W. Phlllls.' Mrs. R.
Meed, J. Thomas. B. Head, L. Head. V. e
Wilson. P. Bartlett. Mrs. M. C. HamUn. W. J.
Watson. R. P. Willing. Mrs. R. P.T Willing.
M. E. Ward. D. L. Ward. L. G. Ward. Mls»
Boyd. G. P. Judd. Mrs. O. P. Judd. J. D. Rob
ertson. Mrs. J. D. Robertson. P. M. Rodell
Mr*. P. M. Rodell. W. H. T^owden. Mrs. W
H. Lowden. T. O. Read. G. W. McKnlght.Mrs.
O. W. MeKnight. H. W. Yate* Jr.. A. L. Gut
terson. L. W. Andrews, ft N. Hurhe*. C. V.
Northrop. S. L. Marshall. Miss V. Truman.
Mrs. I. J. Truman. B. Hambro. R. N. Oren
fell Mrs. L. M. Maus. Miss L. M. Man.". K. H
Richards. Mrs. K. H. Richards. O. B. Ken
neston Mm. 'H. Kenneston. Mrs. If. MrOos
key. Miss Annie MrCroskey. Mm. E. Brown-
Mrs. R. H. Blake. W. A. Anthers. Mrs. W. A.
Anthers. C. E. Brooks.. Mrs. C. E. Brooks,
George Molr, Mrs. Geortre Molr. L. Donviass
H. Hutchlnson, Mlsa A. O. White. A. L. White,
R. P. Lathror<. Miss Lathron. Miss R. Lathrop
C. Hlbbard. W. J. Hardy. Miss G. Hardy. Mi«
Hardy, Miss Mary Carm«ny. C. W. Carmany.
R. A. Patterson. Mlns M. Slavin. Mrs. Brel
sach. J. F. Brooke. W. E, Benedict. J. T. Mor
gan. Miss Blgley.
BANKEES VISIT ASTI.
It is universally acknowledged that the
visit of the King and Queen to Ireland
has been a great success. Much has been
written about the lavish beauty of the
Dublin street decorations, about the vast
crowds that lined the streets and about
the enthusiastic welcome given by thOM
crowds. Before" the excitement has all
died out, let us listen to remarks made
by units In the crowds. "Sure, he must
be as proud as Punch this minute; there
was niver a King that got such an re
ception, and sure he deserves it." "He's
a beautiful man. God bless him!" "Sure,
there's the Duke of Connaught. The poor
fellow! Good luck to him!" The King's
visit to the Guinness Trust buildings and
other tenements touched the hearts of the
dwellers In those .back streets, and will
for long be the great topic of conversa
tion. "Sure, he's a nice man. a rat*
glntleman. You'd know that by the way
he came walkin' up the lane, so quiet and
so simple." "Wait till I tell you what
two young girls did, and they all dressed
up In green. As soon as Iver he came
near them they shouted out. Three cheers
for Ireland!' and what'd he do but turn
round and take his h.at oft and shake it
at thlrn. and he breakln' his heart
laughin.' Oh! he's .a grand man .intire
ly!" "I declare I got so excited whin he
come ud that I don't know what I was
doin', leppin' up and down on the side of
the street and clapptn' me hands and
shoutln" 'God bless you! God bless you!'
and what'd he do but look me full In the
face and give me an lllgant salute." "To
think of him walkin' up into the houses
and spakSn' so friendly and not mindin'
a bit whin anny one made free wid htm.
let alone shakln" hands wid him! .: I de
clare he's beautiful. Anny one 'ud be fond
of him." Did you see the Quten. too?
And she dressed In a lovely violet boa
and a toque to match, and a white veil on
her; a beautiful young woman!" "I de
clare I spent, all me days ruanln* after
thlm, and me wid the child In me arms.
It was grand!" "It'll be a quare thing
if they're not plazed wid the Irish this
time." "Sure, the King has a kind heart,
you'd see It in hla face; and ha likes a
bit 0* fun, Just like anny of us."— London
Spectator.
Visitors Spend Bay at Italian-Swiss
Colony.
. 'A large number of the visiting bankers
of the association took advantage yester
day of the home bankers' hospitality and
enjoyed a trip to the Sonoma County vine
yards at Asti. At S o'clock yesterday
morning the excursionists gathered at the
Tiburon' ferry. A special train was wait.
Ing on the other side and the delightful
ride was begun.
The bankers, their wives and friends
were whirled through the green meadows
of Marln, across the Green Brae marshes,
from which could be seen In the distance
the gray walls of San Quentin prison.
Passing through Ban Rafael the train be
gan to wind in and out of a mass of trees
and •foliage until near Petaluma, when it
took its way through the heart of the
vast' fruit district of that section.
The visitors were landed at Astl at
about 11 o'clock. About three hours were
spent by them In viewing the large .vine
yards: and the model wine-making plant
of the Italian-Swiss Colony. -
The" Easterners saw the grape on the
The Queen Margaret has been here a
number of rimes, and her eklpper. Captain
Morrison, has; many friends In San Fran
cisco. She Is a vessel of 1999 tons regis
ter, ar.d has a good reputation for epeed.
The Italian chip Agostino and the Ameri
can 6hip Louisiana both left Newcastle
ahead of the Queen Margaret and have
not yet arrived.
i ayi; before Eteom came to the throne,
unJ wherever two or three eld eailprmen
gathered together the topic of conversa
tion was "f.ash" passages and the ships
that made them.
this time of year, and one of the
s:nartest on record. From the colonial
coal port, to the island capital she waa
Just forty-two days. Her performance
f :rri5bcd the local shellbacks with an
¦ \c::r-<> for reviving the memories of the
THE British 6hlp Queen Margaret,
which arrived yesterday at Hono
lulu from Newcastle, Australia,
made a phenomenal passage for
Queen Margaret Arrives at Hawaiian Port Jus^ Forty-Two
Days From Newcastle, Outstripping the Agostino and
Louisiana, Which Left the Antipodes Ahead of Her
* Edward L. Stone, president Century Banking
and Safe Deposit Company Roanoke. Va,; E.
Qulncy Smith and wife and Mls3 Smith. vic«
president Union Savings Bank. Washington.
D. C. ; J. G. Schmelzel. cashier of Chemical
National Bank New York; F. S. Sexton, cash
ier Fulton County National Bar.k. Glovers
ville. N. Y.; C. F. Shillaber. cashier National
Mechanics' and Traders' Bank Portsmouth. N.
H. ; Herbert H. Swaisey and wife, secretary
Guardian Trust Company. New York; William
W. Smith, director Fallklll National Bank,
Poughkeepsle. N. Y. ; Richard H. Swart wout,
Courtlandt. Babcock & Co.. New York; Mal
colm D. Simpson, official stenographer. New
York; Joseph H. Tripp and wife, president
Flret National Bank. Marathon. N. Y. ; C. C.
Thompson, cashier Soaboard National Bank.
New York; James Thome, assistant cashier
Consolidated National Bank, New York;
Charles F. Van Inwegen.'and wife, president
First National Bank, fort Jervls. N. Y. ; John
R. Van Wagenen and wife, president First Na
tional Bank, Oxford. N. Y. ; Miss Mabel Vann,
with Joseph G. Brown. Raleigh. N. C.
G. S. Whltson and wife, vice president "Na
tional City Bank, New York: Clark William*,
vice president United States Mortgage and
Trust Company, New York: Charles Elliot
Warren and wife and Miss Warren, cashier
Lincoln National Bsnk. New York; Mcrrltt N.
Wllllts Jr. and wife, cashier Corn Exchango
National Bank, Philadelphia: Gilbert A. Wright
and wife, superintendent North and East River
S. B. Company, New York; W. O. Fitz Wll r
son. assistant secretary of the Bankers' Asso
ciation New York: Mrs. Henrietta Flcken,
with Miss LJberta H. Jahn. New York: Ste
phen M. Grlswold and wife, president of Union
Bank, Brooklyn. N. Y. ; John F. Glenn, cashier
of Merchants' National Bank. Richmond. Va,;
Charles E. Graham and wife, director Mer
chants' National' Bank. New Haven. Conn.;
Miss Graham, with C. E. Graham: C. W. Ham
mond and wife, Edward T. Hulst and wife, A.
V. Hetly and wife, E. F.. Holden. Charles C.
Havlland. Mrs. Joseph L. Hall. William Fray
James. Miss M. L. Johnson, Mrs. II. B. Jagoe,
Mrs. J. F. Jasoe. O. W. Kendall and wife,
George F. L»wls. G. B. Latlmer and wife. Wil
liam C le Gendre, C. S. Mersick. Miss Mer
slck. J. R. McAllister. John C. Mills and wife,
William E. McComb and wife, E. L. MUmtne.
William J. Nevious. Hon. C. A. Pugsley and
wife .John A. Potter and wife, D. H. Plerabn.
Samuel 8. Conover, vice president Irving Na
tional Bank. New York; Alfred H. Curtis and
wife, cashier National Bank of North America.
New York; Alexander D. Campbell, assistant
cashier Hanover National Bank. New York; S.
W. Conklln and wife, director Patchogue Bank,
Patchogue. N. Y.; Miss Daisy W. Conklln.
with -S. W. Conklin -Patchogue. N. Y.; J. H.
de Ridder, president New York State Bankers
Association,. Saratoga, N. Y.; William H. Dev
lln and wife, cashier Jefferson National Bank.
New York; William B. Davenport, attorney ut
law, Brooklyn, N Y. ; Miss Annie Duncan,
with Joseph J. Brown, Raleigh, N. C:
Thomas H. Eaton, cashier Chapman National
Bank, Portland. Me.; F. II. Fries and wife,
president Wachovia Loan and Trust Compan>,
Wlnston-Salem, N. C. ; Miss sEleanor Fries
with F. H. Fries, Wlnston-Salem. N. C. ; Wil
liam Fclslnger, president New York Savings
Bank, New York; J. B. Flshburn, vice presi
dent National Exchange Bank. Roanoke, Va. ;
Louii B. Farley and wife, cashier Merchants"
and Planters' National Bank, Montgomery,
Ala.; H. B. Fonda, assistant cashier National
Bank of Commerce. New York.
James Lloyd Parson cashier Chemical Na
tlonal Bank. New York; N. H. Prouty and
wife, assistant to the president of the Inter
national Correspondence % Schools, Scranton,
Pa.; Ellis H. Roberts, Treasurer of the
United States, Washington. D. C; William B.
RIdgley, Comptroller of the Currency, Wash
ington,. D. C. ; Herbert A. Rhoades. cashier
People's National Bank, Bonton, Mass.; Fred
eric W. Rugg, cashier National Rockland
¦Bank, Boston, Mass.; Dclmar Runkle, cashier
People's National Bank, Hoosick- Falls, N. Y. ;
Milton Courtright Roach, general Eastern pas
senger, agent of the New York Central and
Hudson River Railroad; Mrs. Milton Court
rtgrht Roach and Miss Claire W. Roach. New
York; J. T. Sawyer president of Citizens'.
National Bank, and Miss E. L. Sawyer, Waver
ly. N. Y.
General 1 Eastern Passenger Agent Milton
C. Roach, who is accompanied by Colonel
Moffet, Eastern- passenger agent of the
Chicago and Rock Island road. ¦
The following named are traveling on
the "train de luxe":
Charles O. Allen and wife, cashier Pprtland
National Bank, Portland, Me.; William C.
Allen and wife, with C. G. Allen, Portland,
Me.;. J. L.. Antrim director State Bank of
Virginia, Richmond, Va. ; Colonel James , R.
Branch and wife, secretary American Bankers*
Association, New York; Joseph G. Brown,
I>re8ident Citizens' National BAnk. Raleigh, N.
C,; Mies Josephine Brown, with J. G. Brown,
Raleigh, N. C. : P. N. Benham and wife,
cashier Bridgeport National Bank, Bridgeport. 1
Conn.; Philip S. Babcoclc trust officer Colonial
Trust Company, .New York; A. W. Burnett,"
assistant cashier Second National Bank.
Orange, N. J. : Hiss Louise Bahnscn. with F.'
H. Fries, Wlnston-Salem, N. C. ; David Crom
well and wife, president First National Bank,
White Plains, N. Y.; J. Elwood Cox and wife,
president Commercial National Bank, High
Point, N. C. ¦¦-¦••
preferred to keep his savings In the
house.
The trip was the purest kind of a holl
. day proceeding. Business was entirely
forgotten, and the bankers and their fam
ilies fraternized with the crowd of tour
ists on the train and at the tavern, asking
'questions . and comparing views In the
most democratic fashion. C. A. Hunt of
the London, Paris and American Bank of
this city did everything In his power to
make the visiting bankers and their fam
ilies'appreciate-the enjoyable features of
the trip.
.A. lunch was served at the tavern, and
after^atiating themselves with the view
of the surrounding country the excursion
ists Reluctantly boarded the train and
went?! back to the city. Many of them
were so entranced with the beauty of the
scene that they waited over one train to
obtain fuller enjoyment of the unique ex.
perlence. Among the most enthusiastic ot
the visitors was L.. Drake, president of
the American National Bank of Omaha,
who was nearly won to missing his East
ern train in his desire to enjoy a longer
look from the top of the mountain.
The following received Invitations to
make the trip to the top of Mount Tamal
pals:
Ulm Z. MeLear, Joseph H. Albert. Mrs. Al
bert, Mrs. J. C. Griffith, H. S. Zimmerman.
Mrs. Zimmerman, H. D. Evans, Mrs. Evans,
John McCarthy, George D. Hunter. G. W.
Galrets. Mrs. Galrets, Miss E. Opel, C. H. Ed
wards, Miss M. Reardon, J. A. llarron. Mr».
Ilarron, R. N. Fredericks, Miss VV. Freder
icks. Miss C. Maas. R. H. McKee. J. F. Fin
ley, Mrs. Flnley, K. H. May, Mrs. May. A. H.
Wagner, W. B. Slade, Mra. Slade, C. K. Wal
ker, Mrs. Walker. D. H. Soloman, F. B. Latl
mer, Mrs. Latlmer. Fanny Edgerton, Mrs.
Edserton, J. C. Eagle, Mrs. Eagle, Mrs. E. H.
Renlnger, C. H. Reninger, C. N. W. Keck. Hel
en O. Keck, P. Latlmer, D. D. Barnard, Mrs.
Barnard, E. W. Andrews, H. S. Ames, Edgar
Ames. W. H. High. Mrs. High. Mrs. J. H.
Spohn, Mrs. F. F. Hopps, Mrs. Q. Frank, E.
C. Chapman Jr., Mrs. E. C. Chapman. E. C.
Chapman, C. Frank, Mrs. Wallace Everson,
Wallace Everson, H. E. Hutchison, W. B.
Manny, Mrs. W. B. Manny, W. B. Waldaby,
Mrs. Waldaby, R. H. Webster, Mrs. Webster,
B. E. Jordan, Mrs. Jordan, L. R. Cooper, Mrn.
Cooper, Miss FInney, J. Geoghegan, Mrs. Ed
Everett. Dora Everett, Ed Everett, Mary
Everett, Mrs. 8. M. Ewing, Mrs. L. Ewlng.
William Meade, Mrs. Meade. W. E\ Patterson,
Mrs. Patterson, Andrew Smith, Mrs. Smith.
Mrs. W. Mason. William E. Malone. Mrs. E.
C. Ward. Mrs. Frank Wiggins, Frank Wig
gins, J. B. Corn, Mrs. Corn. Mrs. S. C. We-l
mer, F. J. Kelly, Miss Kelly, J. G. Kelly, M.
Mason. John E. Miles, Mrs. Miles, C. F. Van
Iyeyan, Mrs. Van Iyeyan, • D. D. Barnard. J.
H. Chrustv, Mrs. Chrusty. Jesse Jansen, Miss
M. ErlcsoW. Miss Ephart. L. O. Jacobs, L. M.
Jacobs, A. F. Roblnnon. A. H. Robinson. Mn.
B. B. Allen. Mrs. P. M. Osmont, F. M. Os
mont. E. E. Nichols. Miss Elklns. Mrs. M.
Wnlker, Mrs. C. Hllbert. Mrs. J. G. Sutton,
Mrs. R. r>. Robblns, L. W. Robblns, Mrs. E.
R. Elhs, Mrs. H. F. Williams. J. S. Maxwell.
Mrs. Maxwell, F. W. Roberta, Mrs. Robert*.
J. W. Donaldson, Mrs. I>onaldson, Mm. David,
Miss David. .Mrs. E. 8. Howe, Miss Anita
Whit*. R. K. Yates. Mrs. La Salle. E. J.
Henderson, W» 8. Collins, Mrs. W. S. Collins,
R. Ouffeog. Mrs. OufTeofr. C. E. Woolman. F.
M. Hammond. G. E. Bittinger. Mrs. Blttln
gor. Mrs. A. H. Maftzger. Charles E. Wlngo,
Mrs. Wlngo, Miss Cunningham. F. W. Rob
ertson. Mrs. Robertson, S. M. Bremmerman,
Mrs. Bremmerman. E. Goodall. Mrs. T. W.
Wurlcli, Mrs. R. Fander. E. W. Runyon. E.
P. Vlnront, Mrs. J. M. Henry. H. E. Jones,
Mrr. Jones. R. A. Doolittle. J. E. McAshan,
Mrs. McAshan. Miss Mary McAshan. F. Blair,
Mrs. Blair, H. M. Strohelm. Mrs. Ptrohelm,
M. O. Peck. C. H. McBride. Mrs. McBrlde. R.
C. Moovp. Mrs. R. C. Moove, Mrs. Goble. Miss
Taylor. M. M. Wells. J. F. Carter. Mrs. Nor
man. C. R. Hobs«n. Mm Hobson. W. S. Boggs,
Miss G. Suttrn. Miss R. Sutton. John T. Rob
erts, Mrs. Rob-rts, Ml«« C. Maxwell. Mrs. T.
Sehmer. Miss fchmcr. Mr. Cross. H. E. Walty,
A. V. Kelly. Charles Schi'rer. Charles E. Schu
rer Jr.. MI?s H^^ns. C. B. Pohl*. Mrs. Dobl".
J. K. Lvnch (chairman), A. McCrncken. F. L.
Smith. Mm. Smith. C. E. French. Mrs. French.
Miss Ethel French. R. A. Newell. Mrs. Newell,
Ml5* Van Papn. I. Van Prpp. R.-R. Yates. L.
La Salle. Darin Barry, Miss Yr'insr. Dr. Mc-
Anenv, Dnvld Berrerk, Mlw C. Marshall. Mrs.
H. M. White. Mrs. E. M. Knhoe. Mrs. Oliver.
Mr*. J. Oliver, Miss A. O'Rourk*. Miss E.
O'Rourke. Mra. K. Taylor, John J. White, Mrs.
White. K. A. Kllock. G. N. O'Brien, Mrs. D.
M. Lanphton. C. F. Hunt.
BRITISH SHIP MAKES A RECORD RUN
BETWEEN AUSTRALIA AND HONOLULU
BANKERS LAY ASIDE THEIR PROBLEMS
TO ENJOY CALIFORNIA'S HOSPITALITY
Continued Froni Page 35, Column 3.
THE SAN IBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
FROM SEATTLE.
42
AD VESTISEMEIJTS. .
NO. I, M/ALL-ST;,NEW/ YORK.
Capital. $3,947.200..' Surplus and Undivided Profits, $4,044,973.37.
WILLIAM L. MOYER.... • 'Vvvf^vSSSS
JOHN HUBBARD.. • ;• * Secretary
JAMES H. ROGERS.... i::"".:"."".".'."." '.....- -Asst. to President
ALEXANDER & GREEN
™c^t .rpvTd FOR THE UNITED STATES IN CHINA AND THE PHILIP.
PTVF IOT DONATED DEPOSITORY FOR THE FUNDS OF THE GOVEKN'.
Sent ojvthei Philippine islands. • ;i _; v
BRANCHES:
JOHN C. BUDD. Manager
LONDON ••••••"•••• FRANCI3 E. BECK, Manage
SAN FRANCISCO... j SELWIN TAIT. Mar.«g*r
WASHINGTON. D. C LIONFL- H. MILLER. Mana?-f
CITY OP MEXICO ROBERT W. BROWN. Mapag«r
MANILA • CHARLES R. SCOTT. Manag-r
HONGKONG HERBERT C. GL'LLAND. Manager
YOKOHAMA JAMES S. FEARON. Agent
6HANGHAI ANWYL RICHARDS. Manager
SINGAPORE AGENCIES.
™.t,ait r-AT^TfTTA MADRAS PENANG. RANGOON. COLOMBO. AMOY. CANTON.
BOMBAY CALCl^AMAmrAS: ANPING. BAKAN. MOJI. SAIOON.
HANK KOPE BANGKOK. BATAVIA. SAMARANG SOURABAYA.
CORBESPOS&ENTS IN ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.
¦thomas h. hubbard.^airman o«u» . B^ d . ;;;;;;;;;;; : ;;;;;;;;;;;;:;;;;;;;;^
JAMES A\- ALEXANDEK^^..^^^^ Ufe AJSUrance Soclety
JULES S. BACHE O V J.' S.' Bache' &' Co..' BrokVrs! **
.np.-pp (iidv - • New Tork
CLARENCE cam i - Of Cary whltrtdge. Lawyers
JUAN M. CEBALLOS.^. ... - jJ -^ —,— ' '£ '££ (^oMkn MercnantV N " W
edward f. cragix:...'....--- — -^^— • New Yc> - k
W. MURRAY CnANE....^..^....^;^--^-^-;' '.'
rinivvpn ® an Francisco
GEORGE CROCKtK. . • —^j j; nt ; ' pacinc Improvement Companv
EUGENE DELANO oi" Brown Broihersi' Co.". ' Banker, N ' W ff?
MARCELLUSHARTL^^^^...^^.^^^-^-
SYLVESTER C. Kgjggjjg; Tra^iers'' Insu ranee Company of' Hartford °
HALEY Company v ew
EDWIN GOULD President." St.' 'LouisSouthwiMern r" 'H .' ' ' " 'J^
ISAAC GUGGENHEIM^.^^.- -^^ n "g m ;,Y In - r * d " Refining' Company '"
edward h. i — -\}^ l : a -{ t icr^ir C^
JOHN R. HEGEMA pV^, d Vnt.' 'MeVropolitan' Ll/e Insurance Company '*
WILLIAM G.HENSHAW p-^eni." Union Saving' Hank
ERSKINE HEWITT \g£ .^^ l^jjjj '.£ ™ N ' W T °'*
JOHN HUBBARD '^^1 * ™
Hli'VRY E HUNTINGTON ew ToTk
nw President. Pacific Electric Railway Company
t i-M-TTB H HYDE • New York
JAM " vice Prtsld-nt. Equitable Life Assurance Society
JOHV B JACKSON ' Pltisbur*
JOHN H" PreKident. Fidelity Title A Trust Co.
t TTTHER KOUNTZB • ......Mew Tor*
bul Of Koun»*e Brothers. Bankers
JOHN J. McCOOK New Torh
J ¦ Of Alexander & Green. Lawyari
HFVRY P. McINTOSH •- Cleveland
President. Guardian Trust Company
WILLIAM H. MelNTYRE New Tork
I Fourth Vice President. Equitable Life Assurance 8ocl*ty
PIERRE MALI New Tork
ric^*».« Qf Henry w T MaU & Co MercBanta
HENR" S. MANNING New Tork
«r~>rv- Qf Mannl3g# Maxwell t Moore. Merchants
•WILLIAM L. MOYER New Tork
President. The National Shoe and Leather Bank
ALLAN W. PAIGE Bridgeport
Counselor-at-Law
HENRY CLAY PIERCE St. L«ra!»
Chairman. Mexican Central Railway Company. Ltd
WILLIAM A. READ New Tork
Or Vermllye & Co.. Bankers
HOWARD S. RODGERS Cincinnati
Vice President. Merchants' National Bank
GEORGE H. RUSSEL Detroit
President. State Savings Bank
WILLIAM SALOMON .y. New Tork
Of William Salomon & Co.. Bankers
ROBERT A. C. SMITH ? New Tork
Pr«»«i<1»nt. American Mall Steamship Company
ALFRED G. VANDERBTLT •* New Tork
CHARLES A. WHITTIER New Tor*
Treasurer, American-China Development Company
San Francisco Branch : 32-34 Sansome SL
A General Banking Business Transacted.
Accounts • f Corporations. Firms and Individual* Solicited.
Loans Made on Liberal Terms on Approved Se.-urltle*.
Forelsrn and Domestic Exchange Bought and Sold.
Travelers' and Commercial Letters of Credit Granted available in any Part of the World
Interest-Bearing Certificates of Deposit Issued for Fixed Periods.
Interest Allowed to Bunk* on Current Dally Balance?.
Special Rates given to Banks Keeping Accounts with us and Drawing Direct oa our
Branches and Ager.ts Throughout the World.
CORRESPONDENCE I NVITED. . .
Please note that the INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION In In no way connected
with the INTERNATIONAL BANK A TRUST COMPANY OF AMERICA. *LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK ETOCX LIST.
Stocks— Bal«*. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 8.900 C6 C5H «%
Atchison pfd 200 8*H 8S»i 8S14
BaHimore A Ohio.. S.900 74 73% 7Jll»
Ea'.t * Ohio pM &7H
C*a*6!aa Pacific... 600 11$% 11SH IIS*
OturiU of N J 100 157V» I57H 157>*
CbesapealM A Ohio. 200 2»H 29'* 2»H
Cfctcscc & Alton..., »0G 271, 27>4 27»5
Chi & Altrn pfd./ 100 «4 64 64
Chi Great Western. 400 14% 14T4 14^
Chi O W B pfdi 28%
O-.tcapo A N W 600 1C34 1C2 163%
Chi Term A Trans 0
Chicago T A T pfd '«
C. C C * Et Louis. ..... ..-; ¦¦¦• 70H
Colorado Southern.. 100 12% 12% 12**
Ctlo Soath 1st p?H.. 200 21V* 21H 2H*
Colo South 24 pfd.. 21
I>la*ar- & Hudson I 63
XVI. Lark A Wtn 230
I>r.v«. r & R!o 0 18
.TVn i Rjo G pfd 65
Eri- :.... 5.500 77U 27 26%
*>!» !«t P fd 300 66% 66*4 66VJ
Krl. 2a r>f<J BOO 49 46% 49%
North pfd 1*>
Hockir.g Vslley 70%
Hiking Val pfd.. 100 *l ?1 81
i:i!nol« Central.... ZOO 131\ 151 13«*i
Iowa, central .... 18H
low* Central pfd 84
K C Feu them ... 17»1
K C Southern pfd!! !!!!! 81%
Lou:* i N» Eh j 100 jpQtj P9Xi 100
Manhattan l ' lo0 133^ 133^ 133%
-BH-1W&: i£66 * 6 * ** ?« %
200 25% 85" 35%
Ntl RR of Hex pfd 89
v« W »J,? r # C «'? tr * 1 -- lln0 «*"<< 117 * U7 %
no?&*t£^:;; .*» M * ««* H 2
S 11^ 0 , * ' l ' est *rn. 200 20% 2OU* 20%
Penn.yK-ar.ia 6r^, m% llH % ngij
f,;. vjl* L "- »°o eo eo 69
S«;;;>| I I f
Ro-k I«!«n1 Co. *• «ftrt »kv *>iv 4i%L
zvir™ c ° pm "ioo S H «* U*
Pt L t S F let rf j m
stLftSF2i P ra. J66 i& ii~ «*
EASTERN MARKETS.
(12(Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. 24.- 5 p. m.
The fcllowtr-g are the eeasonal rainfalls to
iate as compared with those cf came date last
season ar.d ralr.fa'.l In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Lost
Station* — 24 hours. Season. Season.
rui-eks. 0.(j0 3.84 2.18
P.ed Bluff 0.U0 .44 2.7S
Eac.-air.ento 0.00 .14 1.C7
Sen Francisco 0.00 .17 1.59
Krerao 0.00 .00 .42
InfieyeniJence 0.00 Trace .3.8
fctn Lui* Oblspo 0.00 .02 2.00
Los Angeles 0.00 .43 .39
Fi^i Dleto O.oO .06 .98
THE COAST RECORD.
STATION. I |! llfl |- 1
«v r* £ % r* ?
; c C ¦ ; 3
Baker so.lS 72 SS S Clear .00
Carton 30.10 74 22 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.14 CO 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
Farallca 30.13 57 64 N Cloudy .CO
Fresno 30.02 62 50 N Clear .CO
Flagstaff SO. CO 6« 24 E Clear .00
Ind«-pend<-nce zn.<m 76 52 SE Clear .OO
Los Ang<>«..i > 9.HH KS 66 W Clear ,O0
Mt Tair.aJp«-is.3<>.16 C5 C2 NW Clear .CO
North Head... 30. 14 f.2 40 P Cloudy .00
Piicer.ix 30.00 55 54 N Clear .00
Pocatello. Ifis.30.22 74 40 S Clear .00
Portland 30.14 62 48 SW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes... 30. 10- 00 fit NW Foggy .00
lied Bluff 30. OH 74 R2 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Roeeburg 30.16 60 42 SW Cloudy T.
Sacramento ..30.08 *0 &0 SB Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.20 70 48 SW Clear .00
San Franclsco.S0.14 64 64 W Clear .00
S. L. Obl«po..30.14 72 60 N Clear .00
San Diego 2S.96 74 62 NW Clear .00
Feattle 30.12 S2 56 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Epckane 30.20 02 34 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh .^...30.06 54 44 S Cloudy .00
Walla W«*ia. ..10.12 e.q 40 ew Pt.Cldy .00
Wjr.neciucca ..10.12 76 34 EW Clear .00
T-Ji^a 2S.&6 B0 62 E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS A>TD GEN*EHAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the western
half of the country, and as yet there are no
Indications of the approach of a disturbance on
the Pacific Coast other than high southerly
¦»fnfis at the mouth of the Columbia River and
st the entraac» of the Strait of Fli'-a. Fog pre
vails along the coast of California north of
Mouterey Bay.
Cooler weather prevails !n Oregon and North
eastern Califcmia. In the raisin district of
California th« afternoon temperatures have
been slightly over 60 degrees.
Except for a trace of rain at Roeeburg. no
rain has been reported at any atatlons.
Forecaet made at Han Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 25:
Northern California — Cloudy Sunday, •with
fog airr.g the coast: light northerly winds In
land, chairing to southerly; brisk west winds
on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday: light
northerly wind, charging to westerly.
Nevada — Cloufiy Sunday; cooler.
Ban Francisco ar.d vicinity — Fair Sunday,
with fog !n the mcrn'.r.g ar.-l at night: light
routh wind, changlr.* to brisk westerly.
A. G. McADIE. Dletrict Forecaiter.
A decline of V5« la Silver was the only change
yesterday. . . ; .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 83
Exchange and Bullion.
NBW YORK. Oct. 24.— FLOUR— Reeeipt*.
20.700 barrels; exports, 10.300 barrel*: strong
held, but not active; winter patents. $4@>4 35;
winter stralrhts $3 90«4 10; Minnesota, pat
ents. $4 6034 S3; winter extras. $2 8003 75:
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24- — The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city for the week chows:
Loans $907,090,000. decrease $1,165,600: de
posits $SS9.714.C00. decrease $2,006,800; circula
tion $45,862,600. Increase $129,400; legal tenders
$68,666,500. Increase $161,200; specie 1171.706.
000. aecr«ui*e $164,200; reserve 1247,600.600. da
crease $3000: reserve required $222,428,650. de
crease $515,500; surplus $17,944,450. increase
$511,200; ex-United States deposits $27,244,550.
increase $501,825.
Associated Banks' Statement.
The fruit market was quite active under the
usual «8aturday demand amonar retailers, who
were stocking up for the Sunday trade. Sup
plies however, were ample and prices were no
higher. Prices of table Grapes in small pack
ages ranged lower, as there were two days' re
ceipts on the market owing to the railroad
accident and the consequent delay of the
southern train . on the preceding day. Large
open boxes, too. were easier, and the top quo
tation was obtained only for strictly fancy
Muscat and Cornlchon. $1 being about the top
for the general run of supplies. J_Tokajr was the
weakest variety and «old slowly at 80®85c
There was very little Inquiry" for Wine Grapes
and off stock was offering freely below the quo
tations. Melons were plentiful and only
strictly fancy stock received -any attention.
With the exception of Figs, which were scarce
and firm, all descriptions of tree fruits were
plentiful and stood about a* previously quoted.
Raspberries were easier, as supplies, includ
ing Friday's belated arrivals, were large. The
canners reduced their bid to $3 per chest and
secured quite a quantity at that figure, straw
berries and Huckleberries were In ample sup
ply and unchanged. * Cranberries • were steady
with stock* of Eastern well cleaned up.
There was nothing new to report In Citrus or
Tropical fruit*, supplies of all descriptions be
ing amole for requirements.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworth*, - 14010 per
chest: Urge berries, $1 60®3.
RASPBERRIES— $3®5 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The easy feeling already noted In Eggs was
again manifest. ' but there was , no actual de
cline. . The scarcity was less pronounced, how
ever, and every dealer had some cases for sale.
Largo retailers reported that some wholesalers
who have hitherto refused to sell under 55c are
now letting go at 63c, which shows the ten-
deney of the market. The public demand for
choice ranch has fallen off sharply since the
recent advance.
Butter and Cheese show no variation, both
being in sufficient supply for current needs.
Receipts were 14,100 lbs Butter. 650 cases
Eggs and 7100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 2S®29o for extras and
26627c for seconds: dairy. 21#25c; store Butter.
17>-4@l9c: cold storage, 2*®26o; Eastern. 23©25c
per lb. •'¦'• '
CHEESE— 12tfc for the general market, 13®
13>/4c for select mild new and ll@12o for lower
grades. Young America, 13H@14c; Eastern.
16^<S16%c: Western. 14@15o per Ib.
EGOS — Ranch, 47%©53c. with some sales
as high as 65c;. store, nominal; cold storage,
27V4©S0c; Eastern. 28@30o for fresh and 25®
20c for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24. — The volume of busi
ness reported closed In the metal markets
to-day was email and priCA changes were few.
Copper, while more nominal, was firmer in
tone, with lake held at $13 37%i$?13 50; elec
trolytic. $13; casting. $12 62V4
.For tin there waa a good Inquiry and prices
h'M firm at (26 25@26 50 for spot.
Spelter was firm and unchanged at $6 12'4.
Lead was quiet and unchanged.
Iron nominally quiet and unchanged.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— Total Import* of flry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week were valued at $12,
263.360.
Export* of specie for this port for the week
were $931,395 silver and $15,000 gold.
Imports of specie at New York for the week
were $63,760 silver and $38,840 gold.
Northern Business.
8EATTLB. Oct.- 24.— Clearings, $809,430;
balances. $219.8S9. • .
TACOMA. Oct. 24. — Clearings, $384,874:
balances. $24,443.
PORTLAND, Oct. 24.— Clearings, $538,564;
balances. $114,200.
SPOKANE. Oct. 24.— Clearings. $380,798:
balances. $53,953.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Oct. 24.— WHEAT— Walla Wai.
la. 74©75c; blue *tem, 78c f valley, 78c.
The steamer Vermont cleared to-day for East
London with 100.827 bushels of wheat and the
bark Dunslaw for Algoa with 116,155 bushels.
WASHINGTON,
TAC 2, M z A ' O^L 2 iiTT Wne * t tt° higher; blue
*tem. 62Me: club, 78Hc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 6®5t&c; San Quenttn.
6.65c- Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7ft
08c: 'Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c, 6%o and 7%o
for the three grades; Brown Jute, 6%@7hc.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, J8 60; Bea
ver HIM, $5 50: Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 50; Greta, $7; Wailsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
*14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 CO; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50®
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In e.acks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $3 43 per 2000 lbs and
$8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL— Unseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor OH, In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels. 85o; cases.
90c; China Nut. 55070c per gallon: pur*
Neatsfoot. in barrels, 75c; cases. SOc; Sperm,
pure, 75c: Whale Oil, natural white. 50tt55c
per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels, 45c; cases.
SOc; Cocoanut OH. In barrels, 08c for Ceylon
and 65c for Australian. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15c; Pearl Oil in cases. !HJc; Astral. 2Hic:
Star. 21Uc: Extra Star. 25Vic: Elaine, 27Ho:
Eocene, 24 He: deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 17c; In cases," 23V4c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19tyc; 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c; in cases. 27%c. l _
TURPENTINE— SOc per gallon In case* and
74c In drums and iron barrel*.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6ft O
7c per lb; White Lead. 6H©"c. according to
quantity. .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.85c;
Powdered, tt.70c;Candy Granulated, 6.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6,60c; Dry Granulated, coara 8 ,
5.60; Fruit Granulated, 5.60c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c: Magnolia A. 6.20c: Extra C. 6.10c;
Golden C. Be; "D," 4.90c: barrels, 10c more:
half barrels. 25o more; boxes, 50c more; 60-Ib
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.10c; boxes, 6.35c per lb. No order*
taken for less than seventy-five barrel* or It*
equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR 8ATTTRDAY. OCTOBER 24.
Flour, qr ska .. '8,322 Lima, bbla .... 135
Wheat, ctl* ... ©.038 Paper, roll* ... 143
Barley, ctls .. 61, Ml Bean*. *ka .... 7.827
Oats, otls ...... 40 Rye. ctls 400
Tallow, ctls ... 261 Potatoes, sks. . . 5.330
Bugar, ctls,... 8.840 Onions, sks ... 1.610
Pelt*, bdl* .... 6.007 Bran. *ks .... 2,390
Hide*. No. ...... 1.269 Middlings. *k»..-~ 1O
Raisin*, bxs .. 6,600 Hay. ton* .... C33
Leather, roll* .. 310 Hops, bales ... 221
Wine gals .... 48.100 Wool, bales .. 294
Brandy, gals .. 5,000 Screenings.. ska^ 293
Chicory, obi* .. : 23
.OREGON.
Potatoes, ska . . .688
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr aks .. "9,100 Flaxseed, ska... 480
Wheat.* ctl* ... 560 Wool, bale* .... I
Oat* ctls 3.300 Potato**, sks... 8
Bran. *ka 8.M0
w 7 ; ; - ; — ;w
¦; Local securities of all claaees continue qnlet
and , quotations show no changes worthy of
not*. ¦.,-¦¦"¦¦¦¦ : ¦¦-¦¦¦¦ - . -.¦••:¦.--¦--
Sale* on the California Exchange last week
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
500; nominal; good to prime steers, $5 405*5 90;
poor to medium. $3 60®5: stockers and feeders,
$2 25®4 20; cows. $1 35@4 25; heifers, $2@5;;
canners. $1 35@2 50; bulls. $2£N 25; Texas fed
steers. $2 75S3 50; Western steers, $30.1 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 14.000; Monday,
25.000; 5®10c lower; mixed and butchers', $5 40
65 SO; good to choice heavy. $5 40^5 70; rough
heavy. **•*'•' 35: light, $5 2505 70; bulk of
sales. $5 S5£5 60.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20.000: sheep, steady;
good to choice wethers. $3@3 75: fair to choicx
mixed. $2<33 ; Western sheep. $2 2504 25: na
tlvo lambs. $3 25@5 60; Western lambs, $3 75
©5 25. '
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 15'4??21c; dairies,
14@18c. Eggs, steady. 18@l&Hc Cheese,
easier. lOt&dllc.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 29.100 23.500
Wheat, bushels 98.400 221.900
Corn, bushels 3G3.100 4--15.500
Oats, bushels 3*7.700 306,000
Rye, bushels 6,000 114,100
Barley, bushels 88,400 19,200
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $7 cer dozen*
Canvasback, $9; Sprig. $5; Teal. $3 60; Wid
geon. $3; small Ducks. $2; Gray Geese $3®
3 50; White Gw>e, $1 50; Brant. $1 50 for
¦mall and $2 50 for large: English Snipe. $3;
common Snipe. $1 60; Wild Doves, $1 25; Rab
bits, $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25 for Brush-
Hare. $1 25@1 50.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. m®22c per lb for
young and ll®17c for old; Geese, per pair
$1 75@2; Goslings, $2#2 25; Ducks. $4 50®3
per dozen for old and $5®6 for young; Hens
$4@C 00; young Roosters. $4 5005; old Roos
ters. $4 50^5; Fryers. $3 5004; Broilers. $3a
3 50 for large and $2 60@3 for small: Pigeons.
$1$1 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for
Squabs.
Receipts of Game were liberal and with the
exception of Mallard and Canvasback Ducks
all descriptions of Ducks and Geese were quoted
lower. Trade, however, was active, and every
thing cleaned up well at the revised quota
tions.
A large portion of the two cars of Western
Poultry that came in late on Friday were still
on hand and offerings of domestic stock were
liberal. Quotations for all descriptions were
unchanged, but the market was very dull and
there was quite a carry-o%-er on hand at the
close.
Poultry and Game.
Cash Quotations were as follows: I'lour.
firm; winter patents, ft'ti % 20: straights, $:t 70
Qi 10: spring patents. $4 10®4 50: strarghts,
$3«7O®3 ttO; No. 3 spring wheat, 78&S3c; No.
2 red. 81%<283%c; No. 2 corn, 44*«c; No. 2
yellow. 45*i©46c; No. 2 oaU. .'5G%c; No. 2
white. 3$%c; No. 3 white. 36&3Sc; No. 2 r><».
6Cc: fair- to choice malt Ing barley. 47©r>0c;
No. 1 flaxseed. 90c; No. 1 Northwestern. 95 Vic;
prime tlmothv seed, $2 65: me«s pork, per bbl,
$11 23*1 11 50: lard, per 100 lbs, $6 67%@ti 60;
short ribs sides (loose). 57@7 50; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 2507 37%; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 25; clover, contract grade,
110 75.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, S#9c; Cows and Heifers,
7«i8c: thin Cows 465c per pound.
CALVES — l@4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%®33ic; Ewes. 3®3%c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 7503 per head.
• HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs, 594c;
under 150 lbs, 5%<35%c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. fiO per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from staugnterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — CS'c for Steers and 6&Cc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. fi@7c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; Ewes. 7@7%o
per pound. *
LAMB — 9®10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, SV»@9Uc per pound.
The situation remains aa before. Stocks here
are sufficient and would be larcer were car?
more available to bring Cattle and Sheep In
from the country. As -isf Hogs, there Is no
scarcity and the market is reported rather easy
than otherwise.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Octob-r 30'i
December 36Vi, 8C% 30% ,5(i',.
May r.n% 37 % 3«% 37 \' H
Mess Pork, per bbl —
O.-totcr II 23 11 2. r > 11 2."» 11 23
January 11 H7>« 12 15 11 !*7% 12 15
May 12 10 12 12% 12 10 12 12%
l-»r<S, per 100 lbs —
May r. 65 6 77% « f>5 0 77^
October B 62% 0 65 0 52% C 65
December 0 52% 6 57% 6 52% 0 57%
January « 65 ti 70 C 55 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lb*>—
October 7 50 7 75 7 25 7 75
January *'• 25 0 .",5 6 25 « 23
May « 45 • C 47% 6 45 6 47%
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December fi0"» Sl^ 80 Sl-H
May 7'J ~'J% 7S!£ 79 ¦»
• Corn No. " —
October 43 %
r*>cember 4»U 44»& 44' 4 44%
Mar 4.!Vs 4^% 42', 4JS
Oats No. 2 —
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 50373c per
sack; Green Peas. 2{Z3c per lb; String Beans
VHZV-c per lb: Wax. 2W.!ff3%c; Lima Beans
:tf/4c per lb; Tomatoes. 20<&."0c por hox: Snm
mer Squash, MQ'GOc per box: Cabbage, 00c per
ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers. 40<f?50c
per box; Garlic, 3tMc per lb; Green Peppers,
25#40c per box for Chile and SOgOOc for Bell;
Green Okra. 5O#75c per box; E«rg Plant. 50@t>5c
per box; Marrowfat Squish, $10 per ton.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 45©
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25#l 45 pe
ril; Oroeon Burbanks, 75atK)c per ctl: River
Reds, CO©75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1©1 25
per ctl.
ONIONS— COiflSOc per ctl.
Prices of Potatoes were without quotable
change and trading In all descriptions was
rather quiet. There was a continued light
demand for cheap river Burbanks for ship
ment to the Southwest, but receipts were large
and continued in excess of the demand. Sweet
Potatoes were- In fr<x».eupply and ruled weak
nt previous prices. There was nothing new In
Onions, supplies being more than sufficient for
requirements.
Trade In vegetables was active, but as sup
plies were unusually heavy prices of several
kinds ranged lower. Tomatoes were the weak
rst and most plentiful description and prices
had a wide range. The canners were not In
the market «nd there was a heavy surplus
unsold at the close of business. Marrowfat
Squash sold off well in a peddling way at 1
cent per pcund. while round lots were offering
at an easier figure on the wharf.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1*0
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert ¦ 18
Aztez 90
California Standard 11 12
Caribou 1 00 1 10
Ctntral Point Con 65
Chicago Crude 19 —
Cluremont -5 "•
Esperanza 1 **> ;;
Four 6S 70
Fulton 3 9l> ..
Giant 2°
Hanford 130 00 134 00
Home 90 „ »2%
Imperial • IS 00
Independence IS 19
Junction 19 2O
Kern •••• 5 «*>
Kern River 13 50
Lion • 03
Monarch (of Arizona) 50
Monte Crtsto '3
Occidenta of W Va 17 19
Oil City Petroleum 28 23
Peerless 13 50
Pittsburg 25
Reed Crude _ 41 42
S F A McKittrick 2 75
San Joaquln O A D 5 23
Senator- •• «3
Sovereign 8» 40
Sterling 2 75 2 90
Superior «« 07
Thirty-Three 7 5<>
Tolteo 2O 21
Twenty-Eight 4 25
West Shore 2 90
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp 1 45 ¦ 1 60
Alameda Sugar 29 0O
American Biscuit 85 00
American District Tel
Cal Oas & Electric Corn
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00 ••••••
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 0O
Cal Title Ins and Trust 13O 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 6O 00
Chutes Company 7 50
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50 7 25
Fisher's Theater : 2 00 2 60
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar... 14 6O
Northern Cal Power 8 60 0 00
North Shore Railroad 7 00
Orpheum Co 15 25 . 16 25
Pacific States Tel A Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint 33 00
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 60
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 16 00
Sperry Flour Co 27 50 SO 00
Standard Electric 18 0O
Tesla Coal Co .' 30 00
Truekee Electric 15 25
Union Sugar 22 60
United Gas ft Electric 34 50
OFFICIAL SALES. .
Morning Session.
100 Home Oil S, 90 87%
100 Home Oil S. 90 SO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 20J 900 Gould ft Cur. 27
100 Caledonia ... 96 --'00 Justice 0*
100 Caledonia ... 97 900 Mexican 98
800 Caledonia ...1 00 100 Ophlr 1 40
600 Chollar 21 300 Overman .... 23
100 Con C ft Va.l 20 500 Overman .... 24
200 Con C & Va.l 15 500 Potosl 20
1000 Con Imperial. 04 400 Sierra Nev .. 45
1000 Con N Y 10 200 Union Con ..57
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 16 200 Mexican ..... 98
200 Belcher 17 300 Overman .... 25
250 Bulllftn 11 200 Overman .... 2iS
200 Caledonia ... 9« 600 Potosl 21
2CO Caledonia ...1 05 600 Seg Belcher.. 06
100 Caledonia ... 98 200 Sierra Nev .. 46
400 Con C A Va.l 20 100 Union Con .. 57
800 Exchequer ... 17 600 Yellow Jacket 42
800 Gould ft Cur. 27 800 Yellow Jacket 43
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopab Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Eteperan** ... 02 «80O Ton Midway.. 3.S
1100 Eaperanza. ... 85 100 Ton N Star.. 87
200 MacN&mara . 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 24—12 m.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 08 Julia 07 09
AJta 03 OSlJustlce ...... 05 07
i Andes 20 22|Kentuck .... 01 02
Belcher 18 17 Keyes Graes..l 75 1 80
B<st & Belch.l 35 1 45 Mexican OS 89
Bullion ...... 11 la.OccJdental > .. 22 25
Caledonia. 1 00 1 05 Ophlr 1 40 1 45
Challsnga Con. 29 30 Overman .... 25 29
Chollar 21 23 Potoal 21 23
Confidence .. 6O 68 Savage 23 24
Con Cal ft V.I- 15 1 20 Scorpion .... 01 03
Con Imperial. 03 04 3eg Belcher.. 06 07
Co n u y 09 10 Blerra, Nev .. 46 47
Crown Point. 15 IT Silver Hill .. 58 60
Eureka Con.. — 50 Bt Lout* ll'-vv —
Exchequer ... 15 17 Syndicate ... 04 05
Gould A Car. 26 27 Union Con ..87 to
Hals A Nor. 57 60 Utah 19 20
Lady Wash.. 03 O* Yellow Jack.. 44 ' 49
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. BMAak.
Colehan — 16 PIm Grove . . — 75
Esperanxa, ... 01 OC Rescue OS 07
MacNamara .. 12 13 Belmont 60 10(1
MUpan Ex .. — 81 North Star ..• 35 37
Montana 89 95 Midway 38 40
Paymaster ..08 13 United Ton -. — 14
California Stock and Oil Exchange
There Is no further change In Beans. The
demand for whites for shipment is not as brisk
8s it was ten days ago, as previously men
tioned, but carload sales for this account are
still reported. Ltmas are still weak under the
improved crop prospects.
BEANS — Bayos. »L' 50; Pea, $3 23; But
ters, $3 25; small White, $2 00<§:i 25; larga
White. $2 40tf2 *Z; Pink, $2 30@2 50: Red,
$2 0()<g:j; Lima, Hi; Red Kidneys. $4 1504 20:
Blackeye. $2 10©2 35 per ctl; Horse Bean*.
H 5032.
SEEDS — Rrown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $2 <",V. FIrx. $1 70@l 80; Canary,
MkSV-c for Eastern; Alfalfa. I2@13c; Rape,
Hi^S'^c; Timothy, <::JoVic: Hemp. 3*404**?
per lb; Mlilet. Sil-lKc; Broom Corn Seed. $20$
"3 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Oats were Influenced by the bullish senti
ment In other grains, and the market showrd
a Kood advance. Deoembpr closed with a gain
of %c at SC'-ic. after ranging between 36%c
arul .{C*ii<r3Cr«o.
Klbs for October delivery had a sharp break
early In the day. but later reacted, recovering
all of the early' loss. The remainder of the
list was (Inn. the (strength In jrralns being the
Influence. January pork clowd 22 %a hljcher,
lard was up 15c while ribs were 10c higher.
The l^adir.c futures ranged as follows:
Corn was firm on the face of a somewhat
large trade. After (telling between 44H?i« ! *>^
December closed with a gain of %c at 44?jc.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24. — Buying of both Decem
ber and May wheat by houses with St. Louis
connections was the feature in the wheat pit
and the demand from that source became ro
urgent with only light offerings that the mar
ket was strong throughout the day. Local
traders showed more disposition to buy than
for some time past, although there was noth
ing in the situation to warrant such action.
The only eemblance of bull factors was the
possibility of war In the Orient and the small
movement In the Northwest, but this was suf
ficient to create a strong demand. December
opentd %c lower to Vic higher at sr*gSO»ie.
and soon after the opening, when the price
of December at St. Louis began to advance
by big strides, due to the congested condition
cf the market, the price here followed suit
and ruled strong the remainder of the session.
TTie high point was reached Just before the
close wh«n December sold up to 81%c. The
clo?e' was at 81H@91?»e. a gain of V»@V;c for
the day.
Chicago Grain Market.
Bran and Middlings have become very much
reduced In supply an-I the large handlers are
talking of a possible advance this week, as
the feeling is very firm.
Receipts of Hay are moderate and the mar
ket rules steady at previous prices.
BRAN— *2l 50®23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27<?28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 60^23 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24©25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@26 50; job
bing. $27«?27 50: Cocoanut Cake. $2l®22; Corn
Meal. *30®31; Cracked Corn. $30 5O®31 60;
Mixed Feed. 922 50Q23 60; Horse Beans. $309
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $13@16. with sales of extra
choice at $16 60; Wheat and Oat, $12 50#
15 50: Oat. $12 50Q14 50; Wild Oat. $11 50O
12 60; Barley. $ lira 12 50; Stock, $'J&10; Alfal
fa. $10© U 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40®65c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
Bank Clearings.
Tne clearing*; at the local clearing-house
Caricr tise week Just en2ed were $28,887,030.
agalzst $26,191,239 during th« corresponding
week la 1902. showing an lncreas* of $2,690,781
c". er last year.
The Hop Market.
Late mall reports from New Tortt «ay of
hops: "Telegraphic advice* received from
the coast rei>orted a lower market, prices de
clining to the bs_«'.» of 22o for choice grades.
Growers were reported showing Increased
presrura to sell and to effect eales they cut
prices rather eharply; sales were reported in
Oregon at prices ranging from. 17c for Inferior
grades to 22o for choice, and California at 20c
to 22c for prime to choice grades. The busl
r-ecs transacted at the decline It was under
stood air-ounted to about 20OO or 3000 bales.
Reflecting the weaker turn to the markets on
the co«utt the advices received from up the
Ftate were cf an easier market. Growers who
had been fcolfllr.g for 31c and 32c for choice
grifies were reported tellers at 30c. but they
four.d dealers infiiSerent buyers. The local
market was quiet and easier; prices for Pa
riftcs wf-re lowered lc per pound; States were
unsettled. »onie dealers etlll holding for out
•ide price* on sales to brewers. Cable advices
reported liow Ent!:sh ar.d German markets."
Weather Report.
The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills Is 3% per cent and for three
months' bills 3%i per cent.
Et Louis S W 12%
St Louis S W pfd 30%
8t Paul 5.300 139 188% 18S", B
St Paul pfd 170> a
Southern Pacific 3.600 41% 40", 41%
Southern Railway.. 300 17*4 17H 17%
Southern Ry pfd 74
Texas A Pacific 22
T, St L A W 16%
T. St L A W pfd.. 800 25 25 25
Union Pacific 7.000 71% 70% "0%
. L'nlon Pacific pfd.. 64
Wabash 400 1S% 1S% KV-*
Wabash pfd 1,000 31% 3O',s 31
Wheel A L E 14*i
Wl«consln Central 15«%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 17,900 S5% 34 T, 34%
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 185
; United States loo
Wells-Fargo .... 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 17,900 35<£ S4T» 35<;
Am Car A Foundry 800 20&, 20% 20%
Am Car & FT/ pfd luO 66 66 t>6
Am Linseed Oil 8V4
Am LJn Oil pfd 26
Am Locomotive ... 100 13% 13% 13>£
Am Locomo pfd 73
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 1,300 42% 41% 42
Am Sra &,Rfg pfd 83
Am Sugar Kepnlng. 400 114% 114% 114V*
Anacun Mining Co. 100 60 CO 60
Brooklyn Rap Tran 2.O0O X3% »3% 33%
Colo fuel & Iron. . 4l*> CO 30 3U
Col A Hock Coal 10'i
Consolidated Gas 173 >j
General Uectrlc .. 200 143 US 147!i
Internatl Paper 11
Int Paper pfd 61
Internall Pump 30
Int Pump pfd 100 7O 70 65
National Biscuit 34«i
National Lead 13
North American 73
Pacific Mall 20%
Peoples Gas l.. r *»0 KJ4 y3% U3' a
Pressed Steel Car 130%
Pressd St Car pfd 7o
Pullman Pal Car 2i:t
Republic Steel 7Vi
ltep Steel pfd 1<K> 52% 62'i C^Va
Rubber Goods lm> 14'* 14; 4 14
Rubber Goods pfd O>^
Term Coal A Iron.. 5O> 23 2S% L'fc^
D S Leather ¦ 7 '.»
U 8 Leather pfd.. 3, COO 70S 70% 7(J
U 8 Rubber .' . yi^
V B Rubber pfd 34
V 8 Steel 6.SOO l.itfc 13% IXM
V S Steel pfd 12. t>Ot> 5»! 9 5S 6feV»
Western Union t«2
Northern Securities &j%
Total sales 120.400 chares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco — 5UOO a.t
$77 12%; 10.000 at $77 25.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg..lC7',i L A N unified 4s 0S%
Do coupon 107V*rMan con gold 4s. 102
Do 3s, reg 10S |Mex Cent 4« 71
Do coupon 10*«4J Do Ut lnc 13T4
Do new 4s. reg. 135^ Minn &. St L 4s.. 97'
Do coupon 135% I M K & T 4s O77i
Do old •*«. reg. Ill Do 2ds 7i;i,
Do coupon Ill Nat K Mex con4s 74
Do 5s, reg 101 \i N Y Cen gen 3%s VJ T 4
Do coupon 102Ui|N J Cen gen 5s.. 131 '
Atchison gen 4s.. 1 00 V»i Northern Pac 4s. 102%
Do adjstmt 4s.. 91 j Do 3* 70%
AUantl* C L 4s.. OOUINorf A W con 4s 9tt
B & O 4« 100»i (Or S L 4s A cart Ul%
Do 3%s »7 Penn conv 3%s... 1)7
Cent or Ga 5s ...100%', Reading gen 4s... 90' ;
Do 1st lnc 66Lj'StL A I M-con 58.111%
C A O 4%s 101»i!St L A ST fg 4s £2%
C A A 3%s 03% ISt L S W lsts... 04%
C B A Q new 4s. 94 Seabd Air L 4s.. 67*;
C M & StP gen 4s. US Southern Pac 4s. 87%
CAN W con 7s. 131% Southern Ry 5s.. 113
C R I & P RR 4s 73?»iTexas A Pac lsts.ll6U
Doccl Si 75 Tol St L & W 4s 70
CCC 4: EtL gen 4s 96'i Union Pac 4s 102?»
Chi Term 4s 73% Do conv 4s S5%
Consol Tob 4s ... 55 US Steel 2d 5s... 71%
Colo & South 4s. 56 Wabash lsts IKS :
D ft R G 4s 89% Do deb B 54
Erie prior lien 4s 77»i Wheel A L E 4s. 69
Do gen 4s 83% Wisconsin Cen 4s 89%
Ft W A D C let. 104% Colo F A I 6s 61 hi,
Hocking Val 4%*.106 .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 iLeadvIHe Con .... 02
Alice 14 'Little Chief C7
Breece 10 JOntaiio 4 50
Brunswick Con .. 02 jOphir 130
Comrtock Tunnel.. 00 i Phoenix 07
Con Cal A Va 1 10 Pavage 23
Horn Silver 1 05 Blerra Nevada ... 65
Iron Silver 1 50 Small Hopes 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Mining —
Call loans 334 Adventure 4
Time loans 5@6 Allouez 6
Railroads — Amalgamated .... 85
Atchieon 65% Daly West . 37%
Do pfd SS% Blngham 23
Boston A Albany. 246 Calumet A Hec!a.4C5
Boston A Maine.. 167 Centennial 17%
Boston Elevated.. 139% Copper Ranee «S»i
N H. X H t H..1M 'Dominion Coal... 71 »i
Fitchburg pfd 138H]FTanklln 7u
Union Pac 70*4|Mohawk ag%
Mexican Central.. 9%;Osceola &<)&;
Miscellaneous — Parrot 13%
Amer Sugar 114 Quincr »o
Do pra 117«ilSanta Fe Copper. 2
Amer Tel A Tel. .124% .Tamarack ©5
General Electric. .147 iTrfnlty gu
Mats Electric 18% United States 18%
Do pfd 77%;L'tan «ym
United Fruit 95 | Victoria 1
U S Steel 13%|Wlnona »«
Do pfd E9 j Wolverine 68
Wcstlnghouse ... 65 •
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money SJHUN Y Central 121
Do f or aoct 8814 Nor A West 5794
An&conda 3VW Do pfd..-. M)
Atchison 67% Ontario A West.. 21
Do pfd fll Pennsylvania .... 60 T4
Bait A Ohio 75% Rand Mines B«i
Can Pacific 121*i!Readlng 22*4
Chesa ft Ohio 30 Do 1st pfd 89
Chi Great West.. 15% Do 2d pfd . '" 32
C. M & St P 142% Southern Ry. ..'... my.
De B^?rs 18^ Do pfd 7«2
D A Rio G 1»S Southern Pac 42%
Do pfd W^ Union Pao 722
Erie 27% Do pfd 87 "
Do 1st pfd 67% U S Steel 14
Do 2d pfd 60U Do pfd (jo
Illinois Central... 134% Wabaah i»u
Louis ft Nash 103 Do pfd J2
M. Kans ft Tex.. 1«%
Bar silver^ — Uncertain. 2S%d per ounce
Money — 1%«J2% per cent.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec.
Opening ft 5%
Closing '. 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 2120 20 W>
Closing 21 20 20 95
Flour-
Opening SI 00 2S 15
Clewing 32 00 2S 35
Wet salted Hides are a fraction' lower, as
will be seen. There is no further change In
Wool, which is quiet.
Hop dealers continue to quote a fairly active
market, with sales of choice at 22 Vic and of
common an low as 18c. which given the mar
ket a wider ranee. The demand Is fair, but
the trade say that any advance would prob
ably check the demand. The condition of th«
New York market appears in me first column.
HIDKS AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1 %c under quotations. Hsavy Salted
Steers, nV>c: medium. 84c: light 7Hc: Cow
Hides, Sc for heavy and 7*ie Tor IlKht: Stags,
fi'.ic: Salted Kip. 8%C; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. l.*>0is%c-: dry Kip
ISc; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@
:10c each: short Wool. 40C«0c eaqh: medium. 70
@!>0c; long Wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides.
*alt. $2 75 for large and $2SJT2 50 lor medium.
$1 -5®l 75 for small and *>Oc for Colts; Home
Hides dry. $1 TO for large and 51 50 for me
dium $lffl 25 for small and • 50c for Colts.
Buck* Skins — Dry Mexican. :>L'c; dry ealted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American, 32c
Goat Skins— Hrlme Angoras. 7.">c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium; 33c; email. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4 Vic per lb; No.
2 4c; grease. 2%®3e. .
'WOOL— Kail clip — San Joaquln Lambs', fia
lie; Middle County. ll©12o; Northern Free.
llftr.V: Northern Defective, 10©Hc: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 12911c: Nevada. 13Q:15c:
Oregon, fine, 18®19c; Oregon, medium. 17c
per lb.
HOPS— 1S@22%C per lb.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
Our local situation remains quiet and un
changed.
CURED MEXTS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15c for extra light, ISc for suear-.-ured and
19c for extra suear-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15V4c; California Hams, 14%c;
Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12@12 50; Family. $13@i:t 00: prime Mess
Pork. $19;' extra clear. $25; Mes*,' $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork. $23; Plga' Feet.
$5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb. -
- LARD — Tierces quoted at 7^c t<er lb for
compound and HfifiVic for pure; half barrels,
pure. 9%c; 10-lb Uns, 9«401Oc; 5-lb tins, 10%Q
lOKc; 3-lb tins. 10U®10%c.
COTTOLENE-^One half barrel, 0»4c: three
half barrels, 9V4c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, ST&c per lb.
Chicago was firm, but as heretofore reported
the market was heavy on' disappointing dis
tributive demand and a small speculative trade.
The stock of meats is heavy throughout the
West.
Provisions.
Foreign Futures.
RAISIN8 — F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: GO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
6^4c per lb; 3-crown, 5Hc; 4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4&c; do floated, 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Seedless,
6%c. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 8-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 6c per lb; do 3-crown. 5*»c; Valencia
Cured. 4Uc; Paciflo do, 3%c; Oriental do. 2%c.
Seeded Raisins — 16-oz. packages, fancy, 8c per
lb; choice, 7%c; 12-oz. packages, fancy, 6%c;
choice, e&c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%c; No.
2. ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie -for Nonpareils, 10%c for I X L.
10140 for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern; Pecana, 110
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; California Chestnuts,
10©15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12914c for white and
0@llc for amber; new water white extracted,
lhi<Q«c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark,
3%©4%c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7©9%e for Royals and
0011c Tor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4%
@5%c; sun-dried. 3%<£f-4c: Peaches, 5@7c;
Peara, G@10c; Nectarines. 4@3%c; Figs, white.
4@4%a in boxes; black, 4%c Plums, pitted,
C@9c per lb.
PRUNES— 1803 crop, 2%@3o for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
New York stock market closes the week quietly.
Local bank clearings gain $2,600,000 for the week.
Silver y 2 c lower. ExcJiangc rates undisturbed.
Local stocks and bonds still very dull and feahtreless.
Wheat steady, with higher futures. Barley firm.
Oats still in demand for seed and feed.
Corn dull and easy. Rye inactive and unchanged.
Bran and Middlings firm, with hints of an advance.
Hay selling off well, with moderate receipts.
Beans still irregular, but not materially changed.
Eggs less firm, with dealers willing to let go.
Butter and Cheese still in ample supply.
Provisions continue to drag at Western centers.
Cattle, sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply.
Hops in fair demand and steady. Wool dull.
Slight decline in wet salted Hides.
Large supplies of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables offering.
Considerable Poultry left unsold at the close.
Game in abundant supply, with Ducks generally lower.
Fresh Fruits in good supply and active demand.
Dried Fruits and Raisins steady and unchanged.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
firm on trade, with supplies llpht. Common
are quoted at 4@6'4c prime at 6%©<5c, choice
at 6V;©6};c. fancy at 7c.
PRUNES— Still in light demand, coast ad
vices indicating a slightly easier market: spot
quotations range from 3 l 4 c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Attracting a little more atten
tion and rule generally firm; choice are held
at 9Vi@4%c; extra choice at 10%c, and fancy
at ll^ll%c.
PEACHES — Also seem to be meeting with a
little better Inquiry; cholco are held at 7%@
7%c; extra choice at 7%@8^4o, and fancy at
9U©10%c.
DRIED FRUITS
Minnesota bakers, $2 7594 10; winter low
grades, $3 70@4 05.
WHEAT— Receipts, 22.400 bushels; exports,
77,000 bushels: spot, steady; No. 2 led, 88?»c
elevator and 8J%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 95%c f. o. b. afloat. There wu
a etrong advance in December wheat earlier
en very little offerings and belter cables. The
close was very strong at %@Vic advance. May
closed at S3 7-16c; July. 80@S0« B c, , closed at
80c: December closed at 87?»c.
HOPS — Steady; State, common to choice,
1903 crop, 20@32c; 1902 crop. 21@25%c; olds.
9@12%c: Pacific Coast, 1603 crop, 22®23c; 1902
crop. 21@25%c; olds, 9® 12c.
HIDES— Steady; California. 19c.
WOOL— Firm; domestic fleece, 2S©32c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet: fair refining, dull: No.
6. 4.35c; No. 7, 4.30c; No. 8. 4.25c; No. 9.
4.20c; No. 10, 4.15c; No. 11. ; No. 12,
4.C5c; No. 13 4c; No. 14. 3.05c: confectioners'
A, 4.60c; mold A. 6c; cut loaf. 5.35c; crushed,
5.35c; powdered,- 4.85c; granulated, 4.75c;
cubes, 5c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice,
5 15-16C; mild, firm; Cordova. TVi@12c. The
market for futures closed net unchanged on
the spot market, but 5@10 points higher other
wise: Bales were 103,750 bags, including No
vember. 6.20c: December. 6.45c; January. 3.60
05. Me; March, 5.70@5.75c; April. 5.75c; May,
5. 85^5. 00c; July, 6.05c; September, 606. 05c.
Kansas lawyers feel that they must at
least make .a noise, use bis words and
make a show for their money. Recently
one had a divorce case in hand, and tha
petition which he filed read: "This faith,
ful and loving husband tried to soften
the asperity of his tumultuous wtfa with
extravagant sympathy, and in return he
received naught but opprobrious epithets."
Another Kansas divorce petition seta
forth that a woman can no longer live
with her husband because he insists on
reading dime novels when he should be
plowing corn.— New York Tribune.
Essential With Kansas Lawyers.
Cent LAP. 3?; 5 S F'G & E. 67 67%
¦ Mutual EL.— 11% S F Gas ... 3 3V*
Pac G Imp.. 53% 55 Stock G A E 5 —
Pao Lighting 66V* 66% U O & E... — —
Sac E G A R — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
8 F O A E. 67 67%
INSURANCE.
FJrem's Fnd.320 — '
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bit. 120 123 L P A A 160 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 95 Mer Trust... 230 —
.Bank of Cal. — 485 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. — — Sav A L Soc 00 110
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav EU.40O 500
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
8 F Sav U.60O —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 205 I Presidio .... — 41
Geary — 80 |
POWDER.
Giant 63 67%>Vigorit — 5
SUGAR.
•Hana P Co. — 75e Kllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44% 46% Makawell C. 21 —
Honokaa 8 C 13 Vi 13* Onomea S C- 32 —
Hutch S P C 10% 10% Paauhau S C 15% 1«
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack — 156 1 Oceanic S C — 7
Cal Fruit As 94 9S Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As 93 SH%IPac C Borx.167 —
8ALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
6 Contra Costa Water 42 50
25 Contra Costa Water 42 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co.. cash. . 40 00
100 Trus Cert S F G * E 67 00
Contra Costa 41% 42%]Port Ccfcta.. — —
Marln Co ... 61 — |Sp V W Co. 33*; 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Do gtd 6s.l02VtlO5% (l80Ci)Sr A.102 —
LAP lem 5a. — 101 (1905) Sr B.103 105%
Mkt-st C 6s. 118 — (1906) 104H106
Do lem 6s. — 115 (1912) 114 115%
JCTtR of C 6s — 107*; BPC 1 eg 3a. — 118%
Do 6s 114 115% Do stmpd.108%109
N P C R 58.106 100 S P B R 6a. — 134
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W 6s..l05%106%
K C P C ti. - — Do 4s 2dm. 99 100
N S R 5s.. 99%101 Do 4s 3dm. 99 —
O O L H 5s.l07%109 Stkn G*E 6s 95 102%
O T Co 6a.. — 110 lU G A E 5s. — —
... WATER STOCKS.
Ala A W 5s. — — JO T Co 5s.. — 110
Bay CPC 6s.l03«104 I Do con 5s.lO3 .105
Cal C Q 59.104% — O W C O 8s. — 97%
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. 75 79
m A ct 6s. — 102% Om R C 6s. — 122%
Cal-st 6s ... — — Pac G Im 4s — 99%
C C Wat 6s. — 102% P E Ry Ba.lOS 1C9
E L A P 6s.l24% — P & C H 6s. — — .
F & C H 6s. — 116 P A O R 69.116% —
Geary-st 6s. 45 00 ,Powell-st 6s. 112% —
H CAB 5%s.l01 — S E GAR 5s — 103%
H C & 8 69. — 100 BF A SJV 5s — 117
Hon R T 6s.lO6%108 8 R of C 6».112% —
L A Elec Ss.lOO 104 S P of A e»
R A Ry 5s.. -112% 114 <1909) 107% —
L A L Co «b. — — (1910) lCS* t 10JiS
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup.. — — 4a qr new .. — —
4s v qr reg... — ! — 3s qr coup.. 100% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 24— 12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are a*
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. 53 25; extra cream do. 14; Oat
Groats, 54 60: Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $:t 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25©8 60; in sacks, $C 75®$ 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85 usual terras; Bakers' Extras. $4 50® 4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 0004 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
- WHEAT — Chicago was etrong and l%e
higher, with buying excellent nnd of groo-1
character. The market was devoid of feature,
however, i
This market was In fair shape for sellers,
with higher future*. • . ¦
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1400143; California
White Australian. $1 6061 65; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 42%: Northern Blue Stem. $1 60@l 65;
Oregon Valley. $1 40©l 45 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Dec«mber . . .$1 41 $1 41 tf, $141 $141%
May 1 41
. BARLEY— Closed the week steady at previ
ous prices, with a fair demand for feed.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13%@1 ltitt; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20®l 22%; Chevalier $1 20@l 45 for fair to
ChOlCC - FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:80 a. m.
December— $1 13.
jj a y ji 13 asked.
OATS — There is a fair demand for feeding
and a brisk demand for seed, and between
both the market is quite active. Prices rule
firm and dealers wtll not sell unless at full
figures. '
White. $1 2031 32 H; Black. $1 40@l 62H:
Red. »1 2O#l 25 for feed and $1 25©1 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 22W©1 27% per ctl.
CORN— The market continues dull and weak,
with enough on hand to go around.
Western, sacked $1 32% for Yellow. $1 82%
for White and $1 80 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 35#1 40; small round do, nominal;
White. 81 35® 1 40 per itl.
RYE — Dealers are quoting a quiet market at
$1 25®1 30 per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
MELONS — Cantaloupe*, 75cjj?l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40©S5c per box; Watermel
ons, o@20c each. ' .
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $2 30®2 75 for
fancy Valenclas. $2®2 25 for choice and $19
1 60 for standard; Lemon*. $1©3 per box;
Grape Fruit, $1 60*3*2 60; Mexican Limes, $49
4 60; Bananas, $1®1 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $2©3 for Central American; Pine
apples, ?2©2 CO per dozen.
PEARS — Bartletts, nominal; winter varie
ties, 40©75c per box for common and 75c0
$1 for Winter Nellls.
J QUINCES — *O06Oc per box. '
FIGS — C5@75o for drawers and $1©1 23 for
large packages.
POMEGRANATES — 50©75c for small boxes
and $2@2 75 for large.
PERSIMMONS — 60c@$l per box or crate.
PLUMS — Coe's late red. 60075c per box.
GRAPES — 25640c for small boxes, 40@65c for
crates and 60c®$l 25 for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes, $18021 per ton for Zlntandel
and $144$16 for Mission; White. $15©1S p«r
ton.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@9e per pound.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $9 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay. $2 5003 per box.
APPLES — 90c©$l per box for -fancy, 80©
85c for jrood to choice and 25®40c for com
mon.
Sterling Exchange, sight .;-_; 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — \ 4 87&
New York Exchange, eight — 02^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars 47 48
were 24.S26 shares, valued at iSXH. the lead
ing sales being as follows: Giant. 4250 shares;
Home. 3000; Independence, 10.135; Junction.
1000; Lion. 2000; Oil City. 2300; Esperanza.
500; Occidental. 660.
There was a private sale on Friday of $25.
000 United Railroads 4 per cent bonds at 977
net.
. . . ---
THE SAN --FBAKC1S0Q CALL, SUKDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
43
FOREIGN CAPITAL
NOT AFFECTED BT WALL STREET.
Enabling owners of approved properties to
DEVELOP— EXTlHffD— EQTJXP
XHDCSTKIAX.S, BAIT. WATS. MUTES
and similar enterprise*. Address with full de-
, tails, J. 8. WHITE, Manager, Security Life
Ins. Co.. 61 WALL BT.. NEW TORK.
APVESTISEarENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
——OB* THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE:
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. IN THE REPUBLIC OV
Switzerland, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day. aa made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to tt)«
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by Company $62A.433 TS
Cash in Company's Office 2.151 07
Cash in Banks 2.330 M
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,750 00
Premium* in duo Course of Collec-
tion • 8.14« t3
Commissions on Return Premiums
and Reinsurance SS9 IS
Total Assets 1541. e*0 79
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,063 48
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 1.770 50
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 3,625 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less 162.198 55;
reinsurance 50 per cent 31.099 27
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlng more than one year. $30,-
106 43; reinsurance pro rata 15,133 53
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 1,543 78
All other liabilities 2.897 31
Total Liabilities $58,731 74
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $70,229 79
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
from all other sources 20.717 23
Received from all other source*.... 2S.099 IS
Total Income .$119,048 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $27,191 35. losses of pre-
vious years) 131.593 43
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 31.904 61
Paid for Salaries. Fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 2,750 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 6.131 CO
All other payments .and expenditures 45.S83 97
Total Expenditures $138.281 03
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risk*. PremiumsT
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $7,613,265 I39.4CO 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year. , 34.81*544 440.687 34
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 7.032.942 92.304 M
SAML R. WEED (of Weed A Kennedy).
Manager. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Mta
day of January, 1903. F. FISHBECK.
Notary Public. .
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AITAIE3
OF THE
Rhine and Moselle
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF* STRASSBURG. GERMANT. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1903. and for
the year Ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code. condense4
a* per blank furn'.shed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $ 600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. ...$ 237.50909
Loan* on Bonds and Mortgages 24f.30O O»
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
acd Bonds owned by Company... 689.123 23
Cash In Company's Office 5.S4J4S
Cash In Banks 149.132 03
Interest due and accrued on all I
Stocks and Loans 11.629 IM
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages.... 1,439 sf
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 44.279*1
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 82.323 (S3
Total Assets .$1.512.649 33
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 13.330 71
Lostes in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 19,883 ST.
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 232 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- |
ning one year or less. $555,379 82;
reinsurance 50 per cent 277.CS9 Ut
Gross premiums en Fir* Risks run- V
nlng more than one year. $56,-
255 2S- reinsurance pro rata 29,713 91
Cash dividends remaining- unpaid.. SCO •_«>
AH other demands against the com-
pany 73.208 33
Total Liabilities j 421.206
INCOME. a
'¦ Net cssh actually received for Fire
premiums $ 423, 3fU 59
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9.626 38
Received for interest and dividends
- on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 30.279 01
Received for Rents 13.0151?
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 4.920 1»
Received front all other sources 13.164 <)
Total Income $ 499.363 01
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $53.SS5 62, losses of
previous year $ 2CO.4O2 <M
Dividends to Stockholders. 70. COO CO
Paid or allowed lor Commission or
Brokerage .' 79.64$ 7.J
Paid for salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 44.33? 49
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 13.711?$
All other payments and expend!- *
tures .: 1.09173
Total Expenditures .$ 411.203jO
F!r».' ''
Losses Incurred during; the year $ 136. 78© 73
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks, j Premium*. I
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .\ $451,439,353 $389,614 67 J:
Net amount of - Risks
expired during the
year 254.2S8.S28 304.274 011
Net amount In force ¦ s
December 31. l<>03. . 536.532.262 611.635 10^
F. SCHALLER. President. £
A. TO1ZAT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this «:!»
day of April. 1903.
¦ JOSEPH I. BRTTTAIX. V. 8. Consul, a
SYZ S. CO., General Agents/
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
AUCTION SALES
A lot of GOOD. CHEAP HORSES wtll b«
sold with gome GOOD WAGONS. CARTS,
SURREYS BUGGIES and HARNESS. TUES.
DAY. October 27, 11 a. m. at 1140 FOLSO1I
ST. Closing out; must be sold. *THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
44
REAl^lESTATE—^ITV-— FOJR^SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
1 •" AUCTION.
AUCTION.
' AUCTION. ft -
Tueeday October 27, 1903
At our salesroom. C38 Market st
. At 12 o'clock noon.
•^ O'FARRELL-STREET FLATS. •
Three handsome new flats. 1123-25-2 » O Fax-
rell et.. west of Franklin; absolutely new. moa-
ern in every respect; a revelation as to arcni-
tecture; steadily rented for $160 per month.
PINE-STREET RESIDENCE.
North line of Pine at. 129:6 feet ««"»«»
Pierce; No. 2514: extremely large lot. 42.4%%
13< :6 feet; improvements consist of a handsome
10-room residence; finished attic and high base-
ment, brick foundation: plumbing in strictly
flrst-claas condition; rooms spacious and sunny;
beautiful grounds, driveway, etc.. and a mod-
ern hard finished stable in the rear ot^Mlot.
this residence could easily be changed into Data
or enlarged for a sanitarium. ,_
FULTON-STREET FLATS.
South line of Fulton st, 111:6 feet west ot
Buchanan; Nos. 739-31-33 Fulton st and
through to Birch ave.; 6 magnificent new flats.
8 months old, renting for $130 per month;
mortgage of $10,000 can remain at 6% P«r c« nt
i and be paid oft on easy terms. _^
WEBSTER-STREET FLATS.
West line of Webster at, 120 feet ¦<««» «*
Fulton; Nos. 711-713; extremely large lot 38x
82:6 feet: 2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each, high finished basement; rents $67 60 per
month: concrete sidewalk, brick foundation,
i street bltumlnlzed.
WHITNEY-ST. INVESTMENT^D^
West line of Whitney Bt., bet. Randall and
30th; Nos. 70-72; Improvements consist of two
substantially built flats; always rented for ij*
per month; 4 r. and b. each; also 3 large build-
ing lo"ts adjacent; this property will bear in-
spection.
| SHIPLEY-STREET INVESTMENT. %
i South line of Shipley at, east of 6th: No. 276;
| improvements consist of 4 very flne flats of 4-5-
6 rooms and a desirable stable: rents $45 per
i month and could be Increased.
O'FARRELL-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
South line of O'Farrell st, 80 feet west of
Fillmore; 2 magnificently situated building lots,
25x137 :C feet each; these lots are located ln^the
best portion of the Western Addition.
. . JONES-STREET INVESTMENT.
East line of Jones st, 47 feet north of Jack-
son; Nos. 1606-08-10; extra size lot 47x78:0
feet; improvements 2 modern flate of 6-6 r. ana
an elegant 10-room bouse; present Income $840
per annum.
BUENA VISTA AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of Buena Vista ave., between
Congress and Evergreen »ts.; 3 large sized
building lots, commanding a magnificent view;
take Halght-Bt car, transfer to Masonio avo.
UNION-STREET RESIDENCE.
South line of Union St., west of Taylor; No.
927; lot 27:6x127:6 feet; improvements beauti-
ful 2-story residence, 10 rooms and bath; new
plumbing, patent flush toilets, brick foundation,
patent concrete sidewalks; this property com-
mands a flne marine view.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
East line of 44th ave.. 40 feet south of B
st: two lota. 60x120 feet: this property Is ex-
ceptionally well situated and affords an ex-
cellent opportunity for an investment.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 MARKET ST.
$05,000— Mason at. a few feet from Market; a
rare chance to secure a downtown loca-
tion; present improvements pay $2400
a year.
$40,000— Northeast corner, O'Farrell et; eight
elegant modern flats of 8-9-10 rooms:
rents $4260 a year; mortgage of $20,000
at 6 per cent can remain.
$16.000— Devlaadero and Sacramento sts.:
three Imposing new flats of 7 r. and b.
each: eplendld location; Income $1560 yr.
$15,600— Rents $1740 a year; aristocratic por-
tion of Washington st.: 8 new modern
flats of 7 rooma and bath each; sunny
side of etreet.
$15,250— Rents ?1800 per year; Ellis Bt, near
Laguna; 8 new fiats of 8-9-10 rooms; 2
frontages. >
$14,000 — Renta $1350 a year: Buchanan, near
Sutter St.; 3 modern flats of 6-6-7 rooms
and bath; mortgage of $4000 can re-
main; no taxes to pay.
$11,000 — Choice business corner In the Mission:
rents $1200 a year; 2 stores and flat of
9 rooms and bath; swell improvements.
$10,000 — Four modern flats of 4-5 rooms; por-
celain bath; etrictly up to date in every
respect; owner very desirous of selling;
Mission warm belt; cars pass the door;
large lot; we can arrange satisfactory
terms.
$8,600 — Folsom Bt., near 3d at: present im-
provements could be converted Into a
etore and flata.
$7,S0O — Just reduced from $8000; 2 elegant
modern flats of 5-6 r. and b. ; rented
for $750 a year; only one year old; large
mortgage can remain; on Waller st.
$7,25O — Rents $71 per mo.; no better bargain
in the Mission warm belt; cars pass the
door; 2 stores and 2 flats of 5 r. and
porcelain b. each; strictly new: every-
thing rented: a large mortgage can re-
main on this property If desired.
$6,500 — A big downtown snap on Pine st.
near Hyde Bt. : modern 8-story bid*, of
7 r. and porcelain b. : modern plumb-
ing; a vacant lot in this vicinity was
sold recently for $350 a front foot; In-
come $530 a year.
$4,000 — Business cor. near Geary Bt and Cen-
tral ave.; store and 6 rooms; large lot,
29:2x125 feet.
$2,700 cash, bal. can remain at 6 per cent —
4 elegant flats near 4th and Folsom Bts.;
rents $42 per mo.; rooms large and
sunny and in good condition; lot 25x80
feet; immediate sale Imperative.
$2,600 — Elegant bldg. lot on Bryant near 2d
et; present Improvements rent for $18
per mo.; less than half cash will buy
this bargain.
$2,230 — Cheap building lot on Waller et, near
Masonic ave.: lot 25x100 feet
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Never Before Were Lots Sold So Fasti
Why 7 Because they are choicest and cheapest.
$500 to $1200— Every lot graded for building;
fronting boulevard, park, ocean and cars; un-
obstructed ocean view from every lot; don't
miss this opportunity for bargains; see them
to-day— easy terms.
$75 to $300— Near park and ocean; $5i
monthly. '
Oceanslde Branch Office on 49th avo. and K
st Open Sundays.
$500 to $1000— New lou In Sunset District;
graded and eewered; near cars; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch Office on Oth ave.. Near H Bt.
$150. $200 and $300— Level Excelsior Home-
stead lots; near electric cars; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1600, $3500 and $5000—4, 6, 6 and 8
room modern cottages and houses in Sunset,
Richmond. Oceanslde and' Excelsior Home-
stead! All bargains! Easy terms.
SOL. GETZ £ SON. Owners and Dealers.
Rocm 54. Chronicle Building.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,000— Taylor-st. Investment, near Sutter:
lot 22:11x87:6; new building here would
pay well.
$8,500 — Fine house of 10 rooms and large
basement: Grove st, near Fillmore; N
side; good neiehborhood.
$4,600— Lots on E. side of Vermont st, S. of
*5th; ready to build on; 183x100.
$5,500 — Lot north, side of Post Bh, near Bu-
chanan; 25:10x90.
$8,000 only for 19 lots on 13th ave. and B
"Bt, between Point Lobos ave. and Park:
must be Bold as a whole: 225x240; will
front on the new park; a enap.
$5,000— Lot en SW. cor. Larkin and Lombard
sts.; 25x105; • mamlflcent marine view
from every window.
$3,000— Lot. Franklin st, near Fllert ; 53x100;
etreet sewered.
$4,000— Lot, Greenwich st. between Van Nes»
ave. and FranVlln St.; 60:8x137:6; will
divide it.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery Bt.
LAKEVIEW. -
Choice unimproved lots. 25x120, $175, $200.
?. ¦ BERN AIW HEIGHTS.
Choicest bulldlnsr !o\. 25x120, $250.
SUNNY SIDE.
The cream of this location, $300.
RICHMOND.
The best building lots near Golden Gate Park.
¦ MISSION.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; west front; bay
window.
2 new flats. 5 rooms each: lot 26x100.
2-story 8-room house, modern, at a sacrifice.
WESTERN ADDITION.
5-room modern cottaxe, west front
6-room cottage, east front, large lot
2 flats. 4 and ; 5 rooms: rent $30. -
2 flats. 6 rooms each: inside Scott at.
CHRISTIE & CO.. 613 Hearet Building.
$15,000— BEAUTIFUL residence on Stetner at,
near Vallejo; modern in every respect; hard-
wood floors and finish throughout; grand ma-
rine view cannot be obstructed. . ¦" ¦
Also have a number of flne homes In
various parts of • city at absolute bargains
and will pell cm easy terms; no more ex-
pensive than rent.'
.-¦ Also have vacant lots in different parts of
city on which I ; will . build homes, fiats or
stores to suit purchaser.
S. A. BORN, Contractor and Builder,
...' • . • 26 Montgomery et.. 8. F.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms— $2900.
6 rooms— $3250.
6 rooms — $3500. . , " ¦
0 rooma — $:J6OO.
"7 rooms — $1100.
8 rooms— $1600. . .
Located en First and Second ave., bet'
Geary and McAllister ft. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
BARGAIN— Two handsome I new ¦ residences of
6 rooms and bath; sunny,': modern and up to
date- In every particular; Nos. 966 and 968
Clayton ' et." near Golden Gate Park; -price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery at
REAL ESTATES-CITY— FOB SAXjID.
MADISON & BURKE. 80 MONTGOMERY ST.
AT AUCTION! ' • AT AUCTION! •
— EXTRAORDINARY-
AT AUCTION! AT AUCTIOM1
WEDNESDAY. . . OCTOBER 2STH. 1908.
At our salesroom, 80 Montgomery Bt,
At 12 o'clock, noon.
J3ALB OF SELECT PROPERTIES TO
CLOSE THE ESTATE OF SILAS M. LOCKE,
DECEASED.
'z; .... Jf r •' J *
MARKET ST.. ADJOINING CORNER OV
MASON.
1084 — Market et.. bet Mason and Powell, an
opportunity of a lifetime to invest In th*
choicest of San Francisco realty. Very center
of retail district Annual rent $8900.
EDDY ST., ONE BLOCK FROM MARKET.
120 to 126 Eddy St.. bet Mason and Taylor.
Directly in line of realty growth. Present
Income $4260 per annum. This property
should be Immediately Improved.
CORNER ON MISSION ST.
BW. cor. Mission at. and Grand av*.. bet
Ninth and Tenth sts. This location' Is
steadily - Increasing in value. Lot 28:4x100.
Present annual Income $504; can b* In-
creased.
THIRlS-ST. PROPERTT.
An undivided H Interest in this property, lo-
cated on west line of Third at, bet Brannan
and Townsend; 137:6x160 to Rltcb st; two
frontages.
TERMS AT SALE.
For catalogues and particulars apply to
MADISON ft BURKE.
i. 80 Montgomery st
MADISON Sk BURKKL
REAL ESTATE! AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
80 Montgomery at Opposite Lick House.
$17,600 — A northwest corner in the commission
district of th* city; rent $179 per month;
cheap.
Sacramento st, r between Larkin and Polk; t
house* and lot 66x118, paying large. In-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Flllmorft st. corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore s th«
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st, 60-vara, lot, corner Lyon; an ele-
gant alghtly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood In city; only $30,000.'
i $8,000 — To dose an estate; Dolores et, near
Sixteenth; 8 houses; rents $60; large lot;
. must sell immediately; call for partlcu-
I lars.
$9,000— Hay es-Bt. Investment near Buchanan;
2 buildings; rents $68 60 per month;
27:6x120 to rear street.
$2,850 — Shotwell st.. near 24thi 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:6.
Cheap home; only $2300; on Twentieth st.,
near Guerrero; 4 rooms and bath; cot-
tage and lot. 25x114.
LOTS
$4,200 — Stelner st. near O'Farrell; 26x109:9.
$2,600 — Lots on Lexkln et. near Broadway;
$100 per foot
Choice realdenc* lots on Sutter, Post and
Stelner sts. In sizes to suit.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gats
ave. and Baker st. In sizes to suit;
prices from $2000 upward.
$1,600 — Snap;' northeast corner Sancnea and
Valley at*.; 26:6x100.
MADISON A BURKH.
20 Montgomery at. opp. Lick House.
BALDWIN te HOWELL.
25 POST ST.
$9,000 — Broderlck Bt, near Washington; 2
flats of 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$72 60.
$5,760— Dush at, near Devlsaderot 2 flats;
stable In rear: lot 27:6x137:6; rent $46.
$17,600— Fell at, facing Golden Gate Park;
lot 60x137:6: elegant modern ahlngl*
Kastlake residence- beautiful lawn.
$19,500— Broadway, near Buchanan st; lot 85x
132; 2-story modern residence of 10
rooms. 2 baths, furnace, etc; marine
' view; eplendid location.
$4,600— Webflter st, near Washington; lot
25:Cx80; cottage of 7 rooms and bath.
$4.500 — St Rose st, corner of Wood; lot 60x
100; rents $40; 2 flats and cottaxe.
$3,750 — 17th st, near Stanyan; house of 7
rooms and bath. Just completed; splen-
• did view.
$3,750— Post at, near Scott; lot 23x87:6; 2
cottages.
$6,000— Oak Bt, fronting Golden Gate Park;
large lot, 31x110; splendid cottage, with
high basement, containing 8 rooma and
bath: inlaid floors.
$3,000— Maple st. Presidio Heights district:
key lot. 30x115; 2-story bouse of 7
rooms; stable in rear; a barraln.
$3,250— Laguna st. near Lombard street
boulevard; cottage with high basement
containing 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x
87:6; foreclosure sale; your own terms.
$2.600 — Filbert st. near Buchanan; cottage of
6 rooms: lot 27:6x120, to rear street
$1.000 — Eleventh ave., near I st. ; new resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath; let 25x120.
$6,000 — Clay Bt., near Stelner, fronting Alta
Plaza; 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; key lot; splendid elte for new flats.
$2,600 — Clement et., near Fifth ave. ; cottage
of 4 rooms and bath; brick foundation;
lot 25x100.'
$2.000— Collins st. near Geary; lot 25x120;
house of 5 rooms and bath; rent $18.
$4,750 — Broderlck st.,. near Halght; 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
your own terms.
$4,600— Broderlck st, near Washington: lot
25x87:0; cottage of 6 rooms and bath in
splendid condition: lot alone worth $3500.
$3,750— Hush at, near Devisadero; 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
McAFEH BROTHERS, ~
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New modern, up-to-date, 7 rooms and bath;
only $4250.
20 LOTS. 20 LOTS. -
Just put on the market; on Frederick at. one
block from Stanyan, facing into Golden Gate
Park; all ready to build on; a fine chance for
a builder; prices from $1250 to $1600: cheapest
lots in the market. We will build residences
or flats to suit on these lots. t "
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
On Paclflo Heights; splendid new residence,
commanding marine view; everything the very
best; hardwood floors, billiard-room. 2 baths,
furnace, etc.; price $15,000; an offer wanted.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern fiats, 6 rooms each; all rented
for $56 60 monthly; price $5760.
Fine corner on Third st., near Market; 70
feet frontage; frame buildings; renting for
$435 monthly; price $150,000.
THIRD STREET.
Between Folsom and Harrison; 28x80 feet;
renta $75; price $14,000.
McALLISTER-ST. LOT.
Between Scott and Devisadero; 27:6x137:6;
only $3250. .
FELL- ST. FLATS.
Fronting on the Park Panhandle, near Lyon
Bt; 4 and 5 rooms; rent $46; lot 25x100 feet;
price $6000.
IN THE - MISSION.
Two flats and two stores; lot 36:8x87:6; rent-
ed for $71; price $7200; large mortgage.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st
$1500— VERY choice corner; cheap; In the Rich-
mond district:- cor. 15th and Clement; can
arrange easy terms. McEWEN BROS., 118
Montgomery st. - ¦¦-¦¦_
$i:*.500— MUST be sold on short notice; pays
big interest;' five fine houses on prominent
corner in the Mission. 1 McEWEN BROS., 118
Montgomery st. ' » , ' t
$5 PER month: very flne lot in the Excelsior
Homestead: all ready for building; price only
$200; flne chance to pick up a lot this week.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery at
$16,260, REDUCED from ¦ $17,000: cottage and
6 flats: flne location; lot 75x122:6; rent
$1632; good investment 1016 Shotwell st
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
BOVEE, TOY A CO.. <^
REAL ESTATE) AGENTS.
1X7 Montgomery et.. opp. Occidental HoteU
$70,000— Ellis st. not far from Market; lot 50
feet frontage; old Improvements; rent-
Ing for $24O per month: would pay splen-
did Income If improved. • ';-¦:. -•¦•••-•
$50,000 — Pays 6 per cent net upon price; busi-
ness property In the vicinity of Grant
ave. and Post st; new 4-story and base-
ment building, under lease for 6 years
to one tenant.
$42,000— Close to Montgomery and Market ats.:
food-sited lot; fair Improvements; renia
250 per month, .
$40,000— Under lease for 3 years at $300 per
month; -3-story and basement building,
close to Sutter and Powell Bts.; lot over
45 feet frontare.
$37.600 — Geary *t... close to Powell; large lot;
old Improvements; rents nominal.
$23,000 — A splendid location for apartment
house: would warrant a good rental;
Broadway «orner lot. commanding view
of the entire bay and Marin County;
lot has a frontage of over 200 feet.
$26,600— Taylor St.. close to Market; good-
elzed lot: old improvements.
$23,600 — Close to Sansome and Jackson sts.:
good 2-story and basement brick build- '
Ing; lot over 60 feet frontage; paya 6
per cent pet upon the asking price.
$15,000 — A splendid residence of 14 rooma and
bath: large reception hall, beautifully
finished; on eunny elde of Pierce Bt.
cloee to Alamo Square; lot 37:6x112:6
feet: thla property coat the present own-
er $25,000 and must be sold.
$18,800— California et, close to Devisadero: 2
new flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath
each; Just being completed; everything
atrtctly up to date; ronts $100 per
month; lot 27:6x137:6 feet
$9,000—2 modern fiata of 7 and 9 rooms add
bath each; nicely finished; all open
plumbing, gas and electric lights; solid
cement foundation and marble steps; on
choicest part of Flllmore "st; rents $78
¦ per month.
$8,000— Frederick st, north side; cloae to
Park Panhandle: 2 modern fiats of 7
rooms and, bath each; rents $310 per
annum.
$8,250— Waller at., near entrance of Park; 2
new flats, lower of 6 rooma and bath
and upper of 6 rooms and bath; 2 large
rooms In attic; large reception hall for
use of tenants; rents $65 per month.
$6,000 — NE. corner Fifteenth et.. near Mis-
sion; else 26x90 feet; good 2-story build-
ing, store and upper flat; rents $61 per
month.
$4.400 — Close to Howard and Fifteenth sts.;
good residence of 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x75 feet
• $3,200— Lot close to Vallejo and Oough sts.;
size 27x100 feet
Further particulars' of
BOVEBk TOT * CO..
117 Montgomery gt
NELSON, JOHNSON * CO.,
206 Montgomery et Opp. Mills Bide
A FEW SELECTED BARGAINS.
PRICE $2600— RENTS $346.
1 flats and rear house; near 9tb and Folsom,
PRICE- $S78O— RENTS $468.
3 Cat* and house; near 8th and Folsom sts.
PRICE $4500— RENTS $576.
4 choice flats; near 22d and Valencia ets.
PRICE $4760— RENTS ¦ $588.
4 well-built Sate; main car line et. nr. 6th,
PRICE $4760— RENTS $5»4.
6 Cats; good condition; new plumbing! near
Sixth at.
PRICE $4760— RENTS $660.
6 flatst new plumbing; key lot to 6th st.
PRICE $6760— RENTS $SS8.
4 now flats, half block from Flllmore st:
electricity and gas; beautiful and up to data;
forced mIo.
PRICE $8500— RENTS $1038.
Post at., 8 elegant modern flats; 26xlS7l6.
PRICE $10,000— RENTS $1176.
Pierce st ; beet block; 3 elegant 7-rm. flats.
PRICE $27,000.
GRAND DOWNTOWN LOCATION.
C5xl20 ft; two frontages; few minutes* walk
of Powell and Market ete.; speculator's snap.
PRICE $22,500.
GOLDEN GATE. NEAR MARKET.
Over 40 ft. frontages and running back to
rear Bt; 4 flats and 2 houses; grand future.
PRICE $35,000.
GRAND BUSINESS PROPERTY.
61x120 ft.; main business et. close to Mar-
ket; 2 frontages; 3 etoree and 8 flata.
BEAUTIFUL UP-TO-DATE MISSION RESI-
DENCE.
Price $4250; 7 rooms and bath; beautiful
woodwork; frescoed ceilings; engrain paper, etc.
PRICE $6000— BUCHANAN BT. RESIDENCE.
7 roome and bath; very select neighborhood.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
203 Montgomery Bt. OPP- Mills Blflg.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
BY THOROUGH SYSTEM AND ORGANI-
ZATION the CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY has aa many advantages
over the old-fashioned title examiners — each
working alone and without co-operation — as
the great shoe factories at Lynn have over the
cobbler of the olden time.
THE CAL. TITL1E INSURANCE AND
TRUBT COMPANY UNDER ITS CHARTER
and deposit of $100,000 as a trust company with
the State Treasurer Is authorised by law to
act In any trust capacity. The company now
acts aa executor, aa guardian and as admin-
istrator In many trusts. Where acting Jointly
with Individuals it renders great assistance by
obtaining Investments and giving clerical aid
In the matter of accounts. Investors may
select ther own attorneys when arranging with
this company the condition* of the trust
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IX-
SURAN'CE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed eepeclaily for insurlnr real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates,
regular trust company business transacted
under State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
.Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY,
Olney i & Olney, Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE. -
Pare. McCutcben A Kalght, Atty's.
A. T. 6POTT6,
Mgr. Cal. Title Ina. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist 630 California at.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2. "th floor. Mills Building.
$170.000 — Choice corner on New Montgomery
et.. new 7-etory and ' basement brick
. building; will pay 6 per cent net
$15,000— Clay Bt. Presidio Heights; new colo-
nial residence; 10 rooms, furnace; up
to date.
$6.000— Willard Bt. College Heights; modern
residence, 7 rooms, bath, eta; lot 37:6
front: stable, etc.
$3.100 — Welsh St.. near 4th; 6 flats; annual
rente $444; water $2 40. ¦
$10,000 — Washington st. west of Baker; lot
75x128; eplendld Bite for flats.
$35.000— Cor, Broadway and Baker; 125x132:7;
elevated lot superb marine view.
$23,600 — Six new flats: modern throughout:
large lots, buildings detached, well
rented; pay handsomely; liroderlck
et, near Union Bt.
$5,750 — New fiats on Greenwich st., 5 and 6
roome each; pay fine Income.
Ross Valley — Fine list of properties of every
kind. - vacant • and . Improved, $320 to
$85,000; directly on line of North
Shore new electric R. R.
, RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.
MUST BE SOLD
MUST BE. SOLD ¦
MUST BE SOLD
ACCOUNT OF FORECLOSURE.
ACCOUNT OF FORECLOSURE.
ACCOUNT OF FORECLOSURE.
Golden Gate ave.. west of Baker st ; swell 8-
room residence and bath; large lot 25x137:6.
with modern utable and barn in rear. Open
for Inspection Sunday. 10 to 12. - . '
BROOKS A CO.. 233 Montgomery at
BY ORDER OF EXECUTOR. I
BY ORDER OF EXECUTOR. . )
$3000, CHEAP AT $5000.
$3000, CHEAP AT $5000.
2 fiats on Greenwich et. ; marine view; also
vacant lot adjoining, 65x85; lot alone worth the
money.
BROOKS «c CO.. 2S8 Montgomery at
A SACRIFICE,
Account of -Death of Husband
625 Alvarado st. Near Caetro.
$800 cash, balance can remain on mortgage,
buye elegant 7-room house and lot 25x114 •
baeement can be made into flats at email out-
lay. Open ¦ Sunday for Inspection.
: BROOKS it CO.. 238 Montgomery Bt
$5250 PRICE. '. i ~"
S1000 cash.
$46.75 monthly payments.
$45.00 Income from rent
4 and '6 room. modern. flats Just completed
. within 1 Wock of 3 car lines. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Post st.
LOOK at these homes to-day.
1742 Sanches ; 6 rooms.
Potrero ave. and Twenty-third; 8 rooms.
Day, near Noe: 6 rooms.
Easy monthly payments. OSCAR HEY-
M AN. 14 Post «t
R EAt< ESTATE— CITY— FOR SAL|1^'
SPECK & CO..
667 Market st, opp. Kearny.
real estate agents. rent collect-
ors, full charge taken
of property.
selected' investments,
jones-st. corner.
$140,000— Magnificent brick, 6-story building;
10 years' secured lease; annual not
rents. $9600; lot 60x85 feet
CORNER NEAR MARKET ST.
$130,000 — Flrst-st. corner; new brick and iron
building leased 10 years to ono ten-
ant; 9400 sq. ft. floor epace; a very
choice buy
FOURTH-ST. CORNER.
$65,000 — 75x100 ft; main corner; stores and
apartments above; pays tt per cent net;
a safo investment.
EDDY-ST. CORNER.
$50,000— East of Larkin. 37:6x87:6 ft: stores
and lodging-house: pays 6 per cent
net; offer of $47,000 refused.
• WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — 12 new up to date flats; modern in
every respect; pay 15 per cent net by
assuming bank mortgage of $25,000 at
6% per cent interest; lot 89:6x84 ft;
6 blocks from new City Hall.
NORTHWEST CORNER. .
$50,000—137:6x137:6; substantial Improve-
ments; Insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 6H per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$4S,00O— li-i blocks from Market St.; 47 feet
front; cheapest downtown corner to be
had near Market Bt. ; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$40,000— Lot 82x276; 2 frontages; 106 rooms;
rents $350; one tenant; can bo easily
leased at $400.
GOLDEN GATE- AVE.
$23,600 — Golden Gate, near Van Ness ave.j
42x120; 2 frontages; rents $144; rents
can be Increased to $170; flne site for
apartment house.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22.000 — Stores and lodging-house; yearly
rents $19S0; lot 30-ft frontage; pays
over 9 per cent; bank mortgage of
$10,000 can remain.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$17,500 — Business corner; stores, basement
and floor above; rents $163; pays 11
per cent
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17,6CK> — Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
8 bedrooms; lot 39x137:6.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500— O'Farrell at. east of Van Ness; pays
10 per cent net by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x
120; two frontages.
WASHINGTON-8T. RESIDENCE.
$16,000 — Modern 12-room residence; marine
view; building alone cost more than
price asked; lot 40xl2S feet
ELEVENTH ST.
$13,600— Lot 60x200 ft; 2 frontages; nominal
Improvements; flne site for warehouse,
drayage or automobile garage pur-
poses.
; ' PINE-ST. CORNER.
$12,600— S. E. corner Pine and Webster sta>;
€2:6x100; splendid site for flats.
$6,700— Rents $74 per month; Church-st In-
vestment; mortgage $4000; insured for
$6000; pays 14 per cent.
$5,600— Washington st.. near Spruce; lot 60x
127:8*4; worth $9000; want offer.
$2,650 — New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1,400 — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park:
25x100 feet
SPECK & CO., 667 Market at
DAVIDSON & LEIGH
ARE- MOVING
FROM NO. 219 TO
207 MONTGOMERY ST..
Opp. Mills Building Entrance.
See new list of choice real estate bargains
advertised next week.
F. B. SURBTHNB,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
133 Montgomery Bt. "
$9500 — Flllmore et, close to McAllister; 2 Al
flats of 0 and 7 rooms and bath each and
stable; large lot, 25x147:6; block fast being
absorbed for business purposes; a good buy.
$5250 — Rents $47 50 per month: 2 Al flats of
6 and 6 rooms: Pacifio Heights, close to
Union st; unobstructed marine view; very
desirable.
$3700 — Corner on Jones St., near Union; four
tenements; rents $32 per month; lot 80x62:6.
$1000 — Close to Mission st. power-house; cot-
tage, 5 rooms; lot 40x00; easy terms If de-
sired. . "
$100 per front foot; Mission st, near 24th; lot
- 61x117:6 to an alley; a snap.
$4750 — Twenty-second st, clone to Valencia; 2
nice, flats of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $45; lot
25x114; a barcaln.
$2300— Vallejo at, close to Pierce; key lot
25x125; very choice and a bargain.
$4500 — Corner; Sanchez Bt; 2 nice flats of S
nnd G rooms: rents $38 l per month.
$e&CO — Stockton st, near California; 14 rooms;
rents $65.
$8230 — Rents $6S per month; Howard st., near
lBth; 4 flats; lance lot.
$6500 — Bush et, near Flllmore; 2-stcry house,
10 rooms and bath and basement; large eunny
lot, 31x137:6.
$11.000— Waller st; 8 new flats; rents $87 50.
$1S,000 — Six flats; rents $150; Oak et
$12.750— Broderlck et; 3 flats; rents $105.
$18,500— Bush st: 3 new flats; rents $165.
$10.000 — Sacramento, nr.- Waller; 3 flats; r. $85.
$16,000— O'Farrell st; 3 new flats; rents $135.
$10.000— Turk Bt:: 3 flats; rents $80.
$8760— Oak st.; 3 flats; rents $70.
$7C0O— California et: 2 flats; rents $60.
$0500 — Scott st; 2 flats; rents $52 60.
$8500— HalRht B t- ; 2 flats; rents $75.
$9000— Scott et.;.3 fiats; rents $75.
$9600— Brodertck St.; 3 flats; rents $95.
$8250 — Waller st.; 2 flats; rents $72 60.
$65CK) — Webster St.; 2 flats; rents $52 60.
$8500 — Eddy-st. corner: rents $71.
$4000— Laguna- st. corner; 2 flats; rents $30.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000 — Corner on Page *t.; 14 rooms.
$11.000 — Bu»h-st. corner: 8 rooms.
$15,000— Bush-st. corner: 9 rooms.
$11,000 — California st. : 10 rooms.
$20,000— Vallejo st. Pacific Heights; 12 rooms.
$14. 000 — ¦ California Bt. ; 10 rooms.
$f>250 — Pierce et: new; 6 rooms.
$8500— Pasre et. near Park; 10 rooms.
$6000 — California st; 10 rooms.
$9000 — Masonic ave., near Park; 12 rooms.
$9250 — Pate-st. . corner; 10 rooms.
$9000 — Spruce et. ; Presidio Heights; 10 rooms.
I publish a monthly catalogue giving par-
ticulars of property for eale In all parts of the
city; secure one.
CHEAP HOMES AND SNAPS.
$2400— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
Precita ave.; care pass the door; $500 cash. .
$1800 — Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x80: Folsom st;
half block from cars; etreet work all done.
$3300 — $500 cash; 2-story, 7 rooms; modern; lot
20x125; flne neighborhood; between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth sts.. Fair Oaks.
$1100— Lot 25x125; Fair Oaks st, bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side; flne
neighborhood; lots In same block held at
$2000; $500 cash, balance long time. .
Also
A ' number of lots on Bernal Heights very
cheap; flne locations.
J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia si *
WE are now building 3 houses on 22d st., near
Hoffman ave., and ask you . to look at the
construction of these buildings. We offer to
duplicate these houses for you on lots in the
same block, or will build them for you In
different parts of • the city where we own
lot?. Our terms are most reasonable, as we
don't calculate to make profit on the building.
The Installments we make equal to your
monthly rent. You will save money to deal
with us. WEISSBEIN BROS. , & CO.. 616
Sacramento et, near Montgomery. <^
C. S. HEALEY, 29 New Montgomery st
" Houses Rented. " . Rents Collected:
$3500—2 flats; Precita ave., nr. Mission.
$6000 — 2 flats: Carl st. nr. Stanyan:
$5700 — 2 fiats; Bush st. nr. Devisadero. ¦
$2000 — Lot Fell st, nr. park; 25x137:6.
MAGNIFICENT new flats for sale on Sixteenth
St., near Church. Apply on premises to CON-
DON, builder.
8AJI FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
nntM 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:20 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
19*1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
cat:i 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until » p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan, streets;
epen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 TOImore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1112.4 L ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALEl.
THORSE ft KILPATRICK. 812 BUSH ST..
NEAP. MONTGOMERY.
COTTAGES.
$2,450— 23d st. near Castro; cottage, I rooms
and bath.
$2.450— Diamond st. near 23d; cottage, 6
roome and bath.
$2,50»>— 234 ru, near Diamond; cottage, 0
rooms and bath.
$2.150 — Church st_, near 28th; cottage, o
rooms and bath.
Ail of the above $200 dawn, balanoe
$20 per month.
$1 600 io $2300—25 cottages scattered over
the Mission: terms to suit purchaser.
SPECIAL. '
gl 850 — Fin* modern cottage, 6 rooms ana
' bath; lot UxU(; Valley st_. near Noe;
forced sale; owner leaving the State.
FLATS.
$11.500— Only $1600 caeh. balance 6 per cent;
3 elegant fiats, 6 rooma and bath eacn;
rents *1200 per year; every room light
and eunny; all the very latest Improve-
ments; lot 25x100; Union st. near Web-
$16.000-^Northeaet comer on Leavenworth st;
3 of the finest flats in the city; just
completed; 7 rooms and bath each;
charming marine view that cannot be
obstructed; choice location; rents $1620
per year; a genuine bargaln.
$12,500— Itente $12Ch> per year; 3 beautiful new
flats facing Duboc* Park; 6 rooms and
bath each; finished basement; perfect
in plan asd construction; swell loca-
tion; lot 25x100.
$11,000— Actual rents $1440 per year; lot 46x
80. with apartments all in good condi-
tion; situated south of Market at, near
Fifth.
$3 500—2 elegant flats: 8-9 rooms, bath, fin-
ished baeement; large key lot 25x137:6;
every rocm light and sunny; marina
view; beautiful location; Walnut st.
cear Clay; rents $S30 per year.
$5, 500— Rents S0M> per year; 2 beautiful flats,
6 rooms and bath each; large basement;
all in Al condition; lot 26x100; Lake
SL. near First ave.
SPECIAL.
$5.500— Rents $600 per year; 2 excellent new
fiats, 4 and 6 rooms, baths; street bl-
tumlnized; 18th st., near Diamond; pos-
itively must be sold this week; all offers
submitted.
$3,600—2 modern fiats In Al condition; 4 and
6 rooms, baths; all newly painted and
renovated thoroughly inside and out;
rents $3S4 per year: lot 25x114; 19th
St., near new Mission park.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$8.200 — Northeast corner on Guerrero at, "Bt
67; 8 etores; a flrst-claas business cor-
ner; etreet accepted; reduced from $14,-
000; poeltively must be sold this week.
(16.000— Eleventh et.. near Market; store and
2 flats: nearly new and in good condi-
tion; large concrete basement; lot 23
xSO.
121, 000 — Larkin st, K. S. corner, downtown;
3SxS7:6; sew Improvements; a bargain.
•42.C0O— Turk at, doee to Market; fine sew
hotel, SS rooma, 8 baths; finished base-
ment: all the very lateat appliances;
lot 25x137:6; pays 6 per cent net
$75.000 — Bush et, near ZCearcy; 60x137:6;
cheap.
$105.000 — Mason-st corner, downtown; 137 :Cx
137:6; partly improved; rents $7200 per
year.
• $C5,000— Sansosse-et, corner, 187:6x187:6; sub-
et&ntial 3-rtory brick building covering
the entire lot: well rented; a bargain.
$65,000—70x137:6; East *t. adjoining Santa
Ke depot and facing water front: epur
track on property; must be sold.
$IS7,B00— 137:6x137:0; Turk et, near Market
central retail district; will subdivide.
LOTS.
$1.600— Let SSxlOfi, etanran et., near park.
$1,650— 25x100; Golden Gat* ave., near Cen-
tral.
$5,600—52:6x151: Market et.. near 16th.
$ll.OOO— «Oxl22:6: Mlesloa et. near 20th.
$1.200 — 25x114; 19th St., near Church.
$12,000—30x107:6; N. W. corner Page and
Gough eta.
$5,600—30x107:6; S. W. corner Gough et and
Lily ave;
$7,000 — 30x120; Page st. near Gough ; key lot
$7.000 — 30x107: Gough et., near Page.
$3.750 — 26:3x67:9- N. Chestnut St., near
Leavenwortn.
$2,600—25x137:6; Leavenworth et, near
Chestnut.
$3,750—30x120; N. Vallejo et. near Stelner.
S1.000 each— 7 lots. 23x76. N. ISth et, near
Diamond.
$700—25x125; Whitney et.. near 30th.
$1,000 each— 2 lots. 25x130 each; Eureka et.
near 21rt.
•THORNE & KIL.PATRICK. 812 Bush et..
Between Montgomery and Kearny eta.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery at ;
$31,000 — Corner on Fillmore et; business loca-
cstion: now renting for $3000 per an-
num and by making alterations con-
verting into 3 etores can be made to
pay $3500 per annum.
$15,000 — Rents $2154 per annum; business cor-
ner on Eansome et.; etores and flata;
Urge lot.
$17,500 — Sacramento et. ; 8 houaes of 9 rooms
and bath each; bay-windows. brick
foundation, etc.; rents $120; 65x118.
$11.000 — Rents $1030 per annum; Foleom-st
business property; etore and 2 flata;
25x*0.
$9,500 — Bush et.. north line: 8 fiata of 7-6-7
rooms and bath each; rents $63 80; bay.
windows brick foundation etc; 27:6
xl37:6. .
$7.300 — Rents $S16 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 4 good bay-window flats; brick
foundation; 25x114; handy to eeveral
lines of etreet cars.
$5,S*H) — A bargain: very nice park residence
of 9 rooms and bath, etc.
For further particulars of the above, and for
Ih* Real Estate Record containing a list of
properties for sale in ail parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery Bt,
Real Estate Agente and Auctioneers.
Desirable eunny building lots, cloee to Du-
boce Park; bltuminlzed etreet; lots level and
ready to build on: a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and doee to the
city at a very reasonable price; diagram, price
and all further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery et.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDO.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots! 11
New Level Block on the Market
All Lots and Corners Have Grand Ocean View.
FiretCorne — First Served.
$100 to $400; Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly. ;
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS*.!!
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET!!!
LOOK AT THEM YOU'LL LIKE THEM
Elevated — Level — Graded — Ready to Build On
On Very Eaey Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION!*!
If You Haven* t Seen Them Oo at Once!
Choicest "Home" Bldg. Lots Perfectly Level
$150 up....$S month.... On Mlsslon-st car Una
$300 to $1200.... Sunset and Richmond Lota!!!
$1000 to $5000 — New Cottages — Easy Terms.
guneet Richmond and Excelsior.
**Bcy Direct from Owner" Title Perfect
FOR *al« — As a whole or In subdivisions; £0-
vara lot south line Union et. 127:6 feet east
. of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce ets.; lot 103:6x137:6 feet Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Eitate Broker.
221 Sansome st
JOSEPH 6TRAUB. 630 MarkeTet
$2100— Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wlecontln sts.;
sew cottage of 4 rooms, bath asd basement;
good location for grocery; $300 down $16 month.
$1750— Fine new cottage of 4 roomm, bath and
basement: $300 down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
St.. near Twentv-flfth.
$2400— House of 2 fiats and attic; basement.
rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A HOME?
W« will buy you a lot end build or buy
you a home in any part of the city.
HAVE YOU A LOT?
We will loan you full coet of a home at 6
per cent on month! v payments; plans free.
PACIFIC HOME BUILDING CO.. 11 Mont-
gomery st /
$3750— CALL to-day and see my two elegant
new 6-room houeee; porcelain bath, tiled,
very hich basement; could be converted Into
-4 roome: cement eldewalk: sewered; few
steps from cars: must be seen to be appre-
ciated: 25 and 27 Braril ave.; take red Mis-
elon-st. car. E. LEWIS. 27 Brazil Lve.
$?000— HOUSE. 8 rooms, bath; Sutter st: mod-
rrn plumbing: a bargain; terms. T. K.
DUNN * CO.. 640 Market st
$300 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms. 623 Moultrie et..
rr.urt be sold to settle estate: also cottage,
4 r. and b., 135 Nevada ave., $100 down, bal.
tens*. D. COFFIN * CO.. 2303 Mission st
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR S.tliR.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO. MARKET ST.
Do not fall to get a copy °r to-day's Bul-
letin. We publish an «> tlr *P*«%?£ th .? al , "*
bargains to be found in s * n , rranci f^;- £*" *5
the office for a copy., or send us your name and
address and we will mall It to you.
$13,000— Rents $1272; 3 new modern flats: B^
ker st. near Golden Gate Park; lot 25x
$8.000^4 1 fla i t" 9 on Bush st. near TOmort; lot
23X120 to rear street; rents ?«<*'. _
$7.20O—J modern flats on 23d st. near How-
$12.C00^-sfory S burid'ing; 3d Bt.. near Harri-
$25.C00^51xli7.*on' Jackson Bt. near Sansome;
rents $1S2O. t -.... ««_
$7.300— Three elegant new modern flats na-
lshed in the very best possible style, on
¦> Church st: renU low. $3»0.
$7.330— Two new modern flats on Frederic*
at ; rents $750: lot 23xiOO.
$25,000—6 new modern flats on Webster st.
near Geary; rents low. $2616; a greai
$4.750— 8 'flats on Harriet st: rents low. $304.
$3,C0O— 2 new flats on Alabama st. near 21st:
rents low. $420; finished In the latest
modern uo-to-date style: lot 28x100.
$30,000—6 modern flats; 2 residences and a cot-
tage: rents $3000; on Padflc st. east
of Polk: lot 92x137:6.
$17.000— Rents $1962: stores and 6 new modem
flats, porcelain tubs; sanitary plumbing;
everything the latest: lot 71:8x90; oo a
fin* business street of the Mission; thes*
properties are rented extremely low and
are always rented; mortgage of $10,000
at 6 Per cent can remain. - -
$9.260— Rents low; $1036; north side of Butter
st, near Flllmore; 3 modern flats; lot
27:6x100.
$9.000— 2-story building used as a factory;
could be converted Into 4 flats at a -very
xmall expense; rents at present for $900;
large lot 60x100; on lOtn st. near How.
art.
$12,000—2 modern residences eo the best part
. of Stelner st.; rents $1200. The lot
alone, sis* 66:6x110. U worth the asking
price.
$22.600 — Double apartment boos* of 21 rooma:
4 flats on rear street; lot 41:3x120; north
side of Golden Gat* ave.. near Van Ness.
•3,800 — 2 splendid flats, nearly new; oo 21st
st. near Castro; rented very tow for
$432; lot 23x114.
$3,100 Two new modern flata, 4 and 3 rooms
5 and bath each: new plumbing; flne con-
dition; rents $372; on Glover st. near
Leavenworth.
Don't fall to get a copy of to-day's Builtttn.
We publish an entire page of thebest bargains
to be found In San Francisco. Call at th* of-
fice or send us your sum and address and w«
**" "ggVroofen CO.. 64S Mart* *
VON RHELN REAL W"**™**^
nAR1CIN-ST. BUSINESS PRQyjftJtTT. _
$67.600— Larkin st. near Geary: taprore*
with stores and flats; renting for $400 p«*
month.
MISSION ST.. NEAR 16TH.
$22.800 — 76 foot Jot; four 10-room BOO— t
with slight outlay will pay 1 per «s»t p«s>
month.
LARGE1 DEVISADIJRO-6T. VUVUDTS9 LOT.
$20,000—130x187:6, with old ImprovtiBsstst
must be sold at one* to dos« an eatat*.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS NEW FLATS.
$28.000 — Broadway, near Franklin; S new
flats of 9. 9 and 12 rooma. renting for S23O
per month: most fashlonabt* portion of Paetfio
Heights residence district
COR. OF ASHBURT AND FREDERICK BTSL
$10,000—41:0x110; NW. corner Ashbury an4
Frederick ats. ; flne site for residence or flata.
NEW FILLMORB-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4
rooms and bath each; renting for $95.
Sold by order of the- executors— Corner Steln-
er and Fell sts.. 33x100; corner Oak and Fill-
more sts.. 35x100: large Oak-st lot. 40x137:6.
Oak St.. 'near Stelner. The above property must
be sold at once to close an estate; no reason-
able offer will be rejected.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
$8000— 50 feet on Buchanan st. near Sutter:
very deslrablo locality for either a horn* or
flats.
MISSION HOME.
$5250 — 87x90 to rear street; San Jo— are..
near Twenty-fifth; .9 rooms and bath; in th*
warm belt
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4300— Laguna st. near Union; two modern
bay-window fiats; rents $34.
CORNER GEARY AND BRODERICJC."
$4000 — 25x92; Improvements, flats renting for
$36 vtr month.
FTLLMORE-ST- BUILDING LOTS.
3 lots, 23xS7:6 each; Flllmore at. near
O'Farrell: fins locality for flats; must be sold.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGE.
$2600—28x123; Diamond St.. near Eighteenth;
cottage, with stable: must be sold at once;
cheapest bargain in the Mission. "*»
JUST completed — 6 rooms and bath and largs
basement; modern throughout; $3300 whits
they last; open for inspection Sunday; on Al-
varado at, bet. Noe and Sanches.
MODERN cottage; 4 rooms; $1550: terms sam«
as paying rent Apply owner, lumber yard.
BE. cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crockar building.
FINE Income flats on Fulton, near City Hail;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st. owner.
REAL ESTATE Coantrr— For flade.
FOR sale— $10,000; 800 acre*; stock ranch;
Sacramento County; fenced and cross- fenoed;
. 6uO acres plow land.
. $3000 — Improved dairy ranch of 40 acres);
over half alfalfa land; adjoining th* town of
Gait. Sacramento County; creamery half mil*;
will sell cows and bogs with ranch if desired.
$6500 — For sale or rent: Improved dairy
ranch ot 140 acres. San Joaquin County; half
alfalfa land; oceans of feed; $2000 down; Urn*
to suit on balance.
$800— A enap; a fins lltUo-horna of 13 acres;
well Improved: 0 acres bottom land; Baa
Joaquin County. : -r
$400 — One-half down; 10 aerea choice fruit
or vineyard land: Sacramento County; dos* t»
school; good neighborhood.
$200 — 6 acres choice land for chicken ranch.
For rent on shares — Grain ranches from 330
acres to S00O.
QUIGGLE. 723 Market st..'-
Cars Whttaker ft Ray Caw
Hours 9 to 10 a. m.. 4 to 6 p. m.. or address)
box 13, Gait, Cal.
INCOME paying property; the best fruit and
poultry farm In Sonoma County; 40 miles
from San Francisco, near Petaluma.
11-room furnished hous*. big barn, fruit
and, poultry houses; tanks and windmill*;
abundant water: 3000 toeartng trees; ¦n"'i^l
crop 20.000 pounds cherries. 4000 boxes ap-
ples. 10.000 pounds pears. large lots of peaches
and plums; shrubberies, shade trees, large
vegetable and flower gardens; 8 acres of
asparagus.
1200 hens, highly bred, white, huff an!
brown Leghorns, whits and black Minorca*.
white and barred Plymouth Rocks, buff
Cochins, etc.
Incubators, brooders, wagons, horses, Jer-
sey cows, outfit complete; place In full and
successful operation.
Distant residence of owner compels dis-
posal, and entire property Is for sals or
rental to a tenant who would buy ths mov-
able property, worth $2300.
L. E. THOMPSON. 432 ParTQtt bldg.. 8. T.
STOCKMEN or speculators—
2O6O acres. $9 an acre; \,
10 miles from Sacramento city.
All adjoining land held at
$16 to $20 per acre. ~§K3B*
All fenced and ¦ cross-fenced. |Pfp
. Moderate improvements.
. Western Paclflo will go
through or close to the tract
It will sell In 40-acrs' >
tracts at $2O an acre. .
It has always been farmed for wheat.
Come and see it.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUOH. B03 1' gt
TIMBER AND COAL LAND.
1000 acres cedar on railroad.
Choice tracts of redwood, well located.
Buear pine: most desirable location.
60.000,000 tons coal in sight
60.000.000 feet fln* timber.
CHRISTIE ft CO., 813 Hearst Mdg.
IN St Helena — 9 acres choice land. 5-room
house, wine cellar and improvements; loco
vine, and some orchard: price $2300. Apply
to 8. MIDDLEMA3. 416 Front st
$10 -A MONTH buys a ten-acr* farm twelve
miles from Sacramento; writ* for booklet:
•It's free. WRIGHT A KIMBROUOH, 603
J st.. Sacramento. California.
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract write CHAS. W. .COS * CO 43
West Santa st. San Jose. Cal.
ALP ALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. CM. WOOSTER CO 64J
Market st. ¦ ¦ *
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Col ma:
fenced hedges around land: good house -
chicken-houses water: reasonable: chicken..
ducks. R. 3. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st
BUY a cheap home: send stamp for list: chick-
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit and general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 20 . MontgomS/ at?
ALFALFA land: free water; low pries; easy
terms. P. H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR * 8AL*C.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$32.000— Larkin st, near McAllister; grand lot
60x87:6 ft; would be ideal location for
stores and apartment-house or hotel;
mortgage of $15,000 can remain; must be
sold; maks offer. M
$7,000— Presidio Heights corner. 35x107:6 ft;
positively the biggest bargain for a
sunny corner lot in this district; both
streets bltumlnlzedr Bide sewers, bulk-
head and stone sidewalks. -
$10.000— Vallejo st., near Leaven worth; 3 mod-
.em flats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 27:6x127:6 ft; rents for $87 60
monthly.
13,000— $500 down and Bmall monthly pay-
ments; Stanyan st, near Golden uate
Park; fine residence ' of 8 rooms and
bath, finished basement: now rented fcr
$30 per month; lot 25xl37?tt ft
$8.200— Howard-st Investment; rents $64 50
monthly; lot 25x86 ft; near Eighth et;
substantial Improvements.
HS.600— Bteiner st. near Ellis; 3 elegant new
flata. Just finished; 6-7 rooms and batn.
all rented; rents $32 50. $37 60. $3 » 50;
total. $107 60. One ot the most artistic
and best paying Investments in the mar-
ket ¦ -..-,
$11,000— Reduced from $12,600; day st, near
Buchanan; beautiful 10-roomed ¦ resi-
dence; every modern improvement; %
block from public square: lot 25x100 ft;
is being sold at the above figure to ef- i
feet an Immediate sale.
980,000 — Flllmore, corner Sacramento; one
of the best Investments in the market;
handsome lot to improve.
%». 000— Central ave.. near Pacifio ave.: ele-
gant marine view; lot 40x90 feet, \t
block from Presidio gate; ready to build
en; Is being offered at above low fig-
. ure to effect quick sale.
$4,280 each — Jackson st., sunny side, near
Baker; lots 27:6x127:8^ f««t each; fin-
est location In Western Addition* tor
modern flats; flats in this neighborhood
will rent for $60. $C6 and $70.
$22,000— Fifth st. near Folsom; new building.
'» ' store and lodging- house; rents for $173
per month; lodging-house has 18 rooms
and bath; five-year lease; mortgage $12.-
000 can remain; all repairs mado by
tenants; one of the best investments
on the market
$30,000— Nob HU1 residence; substantial two-
story attlo and basement residence; 12
rooms and 2 baths: electric lighting;
good stable; lot 60x127:6 feet.
$20,000 — New Presidio Heights residence; flrst
floor; contains large reception hall and
living room, dining room, breakfast
room, kitchen and butler* a pantry. Up-
per floors: Contain 6 bed rooms and
bath, also billiard room. Basement:
Contains ball room, laundry, servants'
room, furnace, etc.: house Just com-
pleted and sold on account of owner's de-
parture from city; lot 40x127:8% feet
91,760— Brodcrick st, west line, bet Geary
and Post sts.; 23x100 feet; only two lots
left; very cheap;, ready to build on.
$43,000 — OfFarrell-st corner, down town; three
frontages; old Improvements renting for
$158 per month; lot 50x90 ft.; mortgage
of $25,000 at 6 per cent can remain.
$11,000 — Rents $1260 a year; pays 11 per cent;
8 new flats, 6-7 rooms and bath; lot
25x100 feet (C. 8261.)
$6,200— Mliston st. near 20th: store and 0
rooms: lot 28x122 ft; make offer.
$8,230 — Sutter st, near Gough; house of 8
rooms and bath; rent $50; lot 26x110 ft
$2.200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado ats.; lot 60:6x105 feet: elegant
view of city.
$31,760— Fourth at, near Mission; lot 28:10x
62:6 ft; rents nominal; should b« Im-
proved.
$10,600-— Franklin st, near Broadway: 8 mod-
ern flata of 7 rooma and bath each;
rents $145 per month.
$3,280 — Lake at., near Eighth ave.; lot 65x72
feet to publio park.
$9,000— Income $900 gross per annum; 2 new
modern, flata on sunny side of Sacra-
mento st; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet
$8,000 — New modern flats, close to Jackson
st cable line: 6 and 8 rooms and bath
each; rented very low for $57 60; rents
Bhould be Increased: lot 25x110 feet
$7,200— Presidio Heigtits residence; Locust st.
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic: 7 rooms and bath and
basement; 3 bedrooms and aLso'room for i
servant; lot 25x112:6 feet. •
$4,600— Presidio Heights residence lot; Clay
St., sunny side; marine view; near i-o-
cust «t; size 30x127 :8V4 feet.
$33,090 — Mlsslon-st. corner; 100 ft front; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
. ment house above; flne Investment.
18,100— Sutter St., near Devisadero; substan-
tial residence; stable: largo lot; 59:3Vix
114 feet; or will sell 34:3x114 feet for
$6500.
$30,000— 3-story and basement brick building.
Battery Bt; one tenant; leased five years
at }17S monthly; pays 6 3-10 per cent
net; lot 40x94 feet
$17,000— Fillmore Bt, near McAllister; flne
modern flats, 7-8 rooms and bath each;
— ~~ rents * 127 *° W month: lot 25x87:6 ft
$6,000 — Webster st, near Clay; 2-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x90 feet to rear street
$7,000— Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.:
2 modern flats of 6-3 rooms and bath;
rents $53; a pick-up.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. * *^
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE ft CO..
Real Estate Agents.
218-220 Montgomery st
LYON ft HOAO,
116 Montgomery at
Bend for oar printed list of property for sal*
In all sections of the city.
GREAT BIG INTEREST.
$4,600— Rents $52: store and flats on Shipley
st, near 6th; good building; brick foun-
dation; new plumbing; always rented;
can't be beat as a good, substantial. In-
terest-paying property.
A FORECLOSURE SALEl
$2,200— $400 cash, balance in easy monthly
Installments; Sanchez st.. cear 28th; a
2-story building, containing 2 flats of 6
rooms and bath each; rent $17;* must be
sold at once.
O'FARRBLL-ST. RESIDENCE.
$3,000— O'Farrell Bt. near Buchanan; lot 25x
90, *4th a good 2-story house of 8 rooms
and oath; rent $40; a good Investment;
land alone worth nearly the price asked
A GOOD INVESTMENT ON SECOND ST. "
$4,650 — Two flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; new , plumbing: rent
$43..
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT.
$18,000 — Splendid corner on Sansome st, clos«
to the water front; substantial Improve-
ments; stores and lodging-house; new
plumbing; bound to Increase In value.
SWELL FLATS CLOSE TO TOWN.
$11.000 — Jones st. 2 unexceptional flats, con-
taining 7 and 9 rooms, bath, etc; rooms
extra large; lot 27:6x112:6: rents $83.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$6,800—2 brand new flats of 5 rooms and bath
each: very prettily decorated; rents $56-
lot 25x137:6.
$2,700 — Near 17th and Diamond sts.: cozy cot-
tage of 4 large rooms and bath. In good
condition; modern plumbing; lot has two
frontares.
$21,000— Ellis st.. right In town; 3 large hand-
n ,1 some flats: pay well: lot ajona worth
nearly the price asked.
$9,000 — Beautiful new corner residence, con-
talnlng 8 rooms, finished attlo and base-
ment, concrete foundation; also stable;
extra large lot; flne view, overlooking
the park and ocean; this home cost much
more.
$7,600— Near Folsom and 9th sts., 4 brand
new flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath;
everything modern; large lot, 33xS3*
rents $76. • %
Call for our complete printed list of property
for sale In all sections of the city.
LYON ft HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
A. J. RICH ft CO., Real Estate Agents,
112 Montgomery st
$100,000.
Sutter-st corner: 137:6 feet frontage; the
very best Investment on this street
: $100,000.
Bush St.. near Sansome, paying an excellent
revenue for downtown banking property.
$125,000.
Mission st., next to Third; 79 feet front by
160 feet to rear street; the flrst time this parcel
of land has been offered and the pries will be
held for ten days only.
TURK-ST. INVESTMENT.
Not far from Markst st; must b» fold; 60
feet frontage; $-35,000 for ten days; reduced
from $40,000.
A northwest corner on Devisadero *t . paying
$275 per month rent; will close at $40,000 If sold
within thirty dsys.
$20,000.
Franklin st, near Pacific . ave. ; large resi-
dence and lot; modern Improvements.
$8730— Fell at. near Ashbury: modern resi-
dence, facing panhandle and park.
$7000— Market it., near Noe; 2 flats; lot 32x
112 to 16th et; 2 frontages,
i $6500 — Fell et. near Laguna ; , house of 9
rooms and bath; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$SG25 — Jackson St.; corner lot: 87: 0x127: 8*4;
overlooking Presidio; marine view; one-quarter
cash.
$C250 — Southwest corner of Golden Gate ave.
and Devisadero et. ; one of the best buys for
i flats.
$CGO0 — Jackson st; marina view; lots 33x
127:8%: one-quarter cash. -.
$2100— Pierce-Bt. lots. 25x100 each: between
Vallejo and Green; one-quarter cash.
$1900 — Hayes-st. lots, near Masonic ave.; 25x
137:6; one-quarter cash.
$16.000— Callfornla-st. residence. 2026; re-
duced from $17,500; It mutt be sold; owner de-
: parts for Europe,
i A. J. RICH ft CO.,
¦ 112 Montgomery st.
$15.500— BARGAIN: McAllister st: 2 stores and
; .2 flats; 8-story building; lot 43x137:6.
$9.S0O— Cheap; W. A.; 3 modern flats; rents
$060 per annum; marine view; large lot
$750— Mlsslon-st. lot; bltuminlzed and sew-
ered; cars pass door: must be sold.
; $8,000—2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms; W. A.: cheap.
$2.900— Big bargain; 4 flats. 3 rooms and bath;
large basement (finished) : first-class con-
dition: pays 16 per cent.
$4. 000— Block 240x600, . south of. Park.
$1,060— Cheap lot: Oth ave.. near Park.
P. W. MORRISSEY. 650 Market strMt;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25. 1903.
45
PALMISTRY. 1___
THE wreck of the Sooth Portland foretold last
August by "Ismar." the Egyptian Gypsy, on
page 34.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astroto-
. gist. Palm readings $1. Hour* 10 to 13 an 1
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
RETURNED— MRS. VTM. MclIAXCS. . 8648
17th St.. nr. Dolorea^ office hours. 2-i p. m.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 013
Taylor st., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPERHANG7S J Ct. P~ AJA tt.\u, jLVc."
ROOMS papered. $3 60 up: tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; fl. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C- C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th: partlcu*
. lar attention, paid to disease* of women. »
BLOOD, akin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market "St. ' '
REMOVED — DR. WONG HTM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; Cor
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworta.
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. Lt P»
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases ot human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— nAll dl»-
eases cured by Chines* herbs. 744-8 Clay st.
STORAGE AND WAnEHOCSES.
A EMPORIUM Storage. * Van Co. ; furniture.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. - 723-
731 Howard at., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell, sts. ; tet. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage;' advances mad*: 840
¦ M Mission st.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackaon 2sl.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. lt Montgomery
st ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLERS. 418 Turk at. — Strictly modern. 4-5
room apartments: fur. or unfur. for hskp*.
JESSIE. 359— Nicely furnished front room and
kitchen; gas. grate, phone. $15.
"LARKIN, 706 — Two back rooms, single or
. suitable tor light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 038 — Nicely furnished, sunny
suite; sink, gas range, hot bath, laundry;
adults; $10.
MINNA. 673— Large front room, sunny yard,
and kitchen complete fcr housekeeping.
MODEL HOUSE. 1200 Stockton St.— Newly
furnished rooms. $5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
SOUTH PARK. 84 — One or two rooms, nicely,
furnished, for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. "624. corner Sutter — 3 sunny front
rooms for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 3, near First— Flat. 4 housekeeping
- rooms; central location; rent low.
TURK, 121S — Furnished room.' with kitchen.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3218. cor. Mission — House-
keeping rooms and single rooms.
HoniekpK Room*— Apnrtm't House*.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel located on the north side of Pine st..
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; ail
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan. opo. Park— Furn.
apartments: prl. bath: steam heater: janitor.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and tnJurn,
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE! BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 73c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
A— THE FREMONT.
The most modern hotel In S. P.; single
and suite, baths attached: electric light and
telephone In every rm.; steam heated; elec-
tric elevator day and night: 75c to $1 50
day; special rates by month. 1SC4 Market
st. Take Halght, Valencia and Caatro can.
ASHWORTH,
320 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and OTarreU
With or Without Private Bath. • »
An Addition Just Completed.
Sun in Rooms All Day.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 13W)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantty
. furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦
ELLIS 1S54 — Large, sunny, newly tinted fur-
nished room; gentlemen; very reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. 132A — Nice furnished room
with bath and phone for gent; reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721 — Nicely furnished snnny
rooms; all front; all cor.v.; $14. $16 menth.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1315 — Large suiny room,
suitable for two gentlemen; gas. kath, phone.
: GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
GROVE," 1513 — To let. elegant furnished front
and back parlor
HYDE. 810, near Sutter— Large famished
room; $0 per month. «
JESSIE, 359 — Nicely furnished front room;
gas, phone. $6. .
! LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
i ny single room. »
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
STANLEY place, 45 — Nicely furnished sonny
room suitable for one or two gentlemen or
man "and wife; grate and privilege of bath.
SUTTER 1531— One large furnished front par-
lor, with private- bell and telephone. -t
.THE GILLESPIE. 119 Ninth— Furnished rms.,
$1 50 to $2 60 week; transient 50c-75o night.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to Jl night:
fl 75 to $« week: elevator: electric UghU;
reading-room: free bus and baggage.
VALENCIA. 1126 — New, sunny furnished rooms
with light housekeeping privileges.
VAN NESS ave.. 7. near Market, up«talr«i —
LArge sunny bay-window room to let and
furniture for sale cheap: apply Sunday.
VAN NESS, M9 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms, all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 nlnht: $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
$7 A MONTH — Bedroom and elttlng-room com-
bined; finely furnished; sunny; central; gen-
tleman. G. D. H.. box 74S, Call office^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 nilmore.
ROO3IS AND BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms: best table and
service; lowest rates. .
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
homelike; everything first class: sunny-
suites; slr.rle rooms: choice locality: ref. "5
FURNISHED room* and table board: private
family; reaaonafcle. SOS O'Farrell st.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS. ,
DURING the G. A. R- encampment Dr. CUse.
1023 Market St.. bet. 6th-7th. fitted glassea to
Gen." Miles: you want the best as well aa he.
> SPECIALISTS. f
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES to EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter sC'
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cur»
In every cas;; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cue*.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewtng machine; this week only;
S10. $15. $20: slightly used; needles 20c do z.
• NEW HOME S. M. CO.. lOSt Markat st.
~~~~—~ TO LEASE.
i A LARGE lighted basement to let. Apply 771
Howard st. or 201 Fourth. .-;*
For Additional Classified Advertise-
. ments See Pasre Forty-Six.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BARGAIN LIST IN" L'SEO PIANOS. '
,- 1 Richmond upright, walnut case $150
1 Denniston ..-. 20O
1 Sterling, upright grand, fancy casts... 250
' 1 "Lester, fancy mahogany 27S
1 Baby Byron Ma.uzy t? 300
1 Bohmer & Co.. walnut case .-.; 4W
1 Cecllian Piano PlaWr... ;..... 200
1 Pipe Organ, "new"*. ..'•...'.. 1500
Artistic tuning, ¦ careful ' moving, highest
grade repairing our specialty . ¦_, ;. • •
. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post et.
THI3 AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we . own the building.
The only reason we advertise is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for |J
per month. Now we can sell you' one Just the
same. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes T Invest 5c carfare and sav*
from $76 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTA2
PIANO CO., 660-62-64 Hayes St. .
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap placos,
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the roost critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros.. "Baumelster and
Schubert. THE , ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 768 Market st. .
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up. Including such makes as Chlckertng.
Vose. Krotger. Curtaz. Klrkhara. Pease.
Hardman, Marshall A Wendell. Baus and
others. 15EXJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st. No branches ln San Francisco.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
ekillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
.perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
A RARE chance: a Hornung Bros.' upright;
: little used; must bo sold. 216 McAllister st.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 8C8-312 Post St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
DESK room for lawyer, or business . man. 613
Parrott building; phone South 655. .
SMALL basement; suitable for shop or storage.
625 Taylor st.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
St.; rent $30. Apply 636 Clay st.. room 1.
PIANOS AND ORGAN ».
PART of our list of bargains ln second-hand
pianos for September, 1903:
Original
. Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SON— ' .
Walnut cases, large size, colonial
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves.
equal to new ..$350 $273
1 EMERSON —
Walnut case, cabinet - grand,.
CBrved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, ln fine condition, slightly
used : 450 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand,
very latest design and finish, nearly
new 450 300
1 SOHMER— •
Mahogany case, medium size, full
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated. and equal to. new. 500 325
1 WEBER—
Rosewood case, fancy carved. „
largest size, 7 1-3 octaves, ln ex- '
cellent condition 650 823
1 Bradbury —
Rosewood case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new S0O 350
1 Bradbury — . . . '
Red oak case, cabinet grand.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new 500 S25
Complete list furnished on application at our
store. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.,
Corner Kearny and, gutter sts.
PERSONALS.
ATTENTION
Morphine and all drug habits cured at home
with the most remarkable remely ever dis-
covered for this purpose. You discontinue the
drug after the first dose of this medicine.
and are cured without suffering one ache or
pain. Read what two of the most prominent
women ln the world say of the India Drug
Cure:
I fell lt my duty to recommend the India Drug
Cure to all those suffering from the drug
habit, having noted fifty painless cures from
this medicine.-
ANN B. FLARHARTHY. 230 West 39th St..
.. N. Y. formerly President W. C. T. U. and
manager Hope Cottage Home for Children.
To the public: Recently I had the pleasure of
witnessing more painless and permanent cures
of the morphine and opium habits than I
«rer thought waa possible,:, and>earne«Uy, n-
¦ii:est all drug users that wish to be restored
to health and strength to take the India Drug
Cvre. •¦ • - -
h MADAM ISABELLE ELLES BEAVE8,
Life Gov. Free Masons of England.
For further particulars call or address India
Drug Co., 201 Turk St.; San Francisco, Cal.
BRUCE D. KIMMIS. Manager.
ATTENTION, LADIES—
To see Is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug. Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts.: a living model with the
wrinkles and bagglness removed from on«
ride of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
! HARRIS of 781 O'Farrell st.
WIDOWER, middle-aged, all alone, good ap-
pearance, healthy, honest, sober, peaceful
. and quiet temperament, .good reference, de-
sires to correspond with wealthy lady who
i would appreciate a good husband; object
matrimony. Box 2462. Call.
i THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves it* growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1339 Polk.
VITALITY low. debilitated or exhausted cured
by Dr. Kline's Invigorating Tonic; free $1
trial bottle containing 2 weeks' treatment.
Dr. Kline's Institute, 931 Arch St., Phila-
delphia, founded 1871.
THERE ar« other cereal coffees, but If you
want the best ask your grocer for Cof-farln:
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-FARIN CO.. 134 Valencia st.
MARRIAGE directory free to all:, pay when
married; new plan; send.no money. For
particulars address H. A. HORTON. Dept.
' 143. Tekonsha. Mich.. -
WHITE Rose Cream for the complexion, rough
or chapped hands and face; nothing better:
send 23 cents and get a bottle potspald.
Pacific Supply Co., Frultvale, Cal.
BRAUN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr Kins bid*.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 218. . , ,___
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
- Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit.- Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st.; fee moderate.
Wrinkles removed; fine complexion guaranteed:
new method: shampooing, hair dried by sun,
50c; dandruff cured 3 days; vibratory treat-
ments. C. Hoff,71O Sutter; tel. Larkln 4030.
Man's best friend— Dr. Mutter's quick cure for
lost manhood: acts Immediately: "It does the
business* ; sample free. KRAIOCO, chemist,
Dept. 204. Milwaukee. Wls. .
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard st.. nr.
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to enra
the liquor habit ln 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 907 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk St.; consultation free;call or write.
REMOVAL— Dr. W. C. STRATTON* has re-
moved his office from 2255 MIsston st. t»
rooms 573 and B74. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
IT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
¦"- and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st. '
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$5 HATS a specialty this week. 816 O'Farrell
street. • ¦
OLD hats made new. 816 O'Farrell at.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and maaQuer-
ade costumes rented. 28 O'Farreir st.
SUITS to order on'lnstallments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merclutallors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
. trio needle. Dr. A Mrs.Traverse.1170 Market
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
iia ve them covered or repaired Is 120 Stocktoa
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 Da
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play - books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec*
trie needle. Mrs. A Miss Eaton, lllfr Sutter.
SPECIAL NOTICES. . ¦ ..:
Ladles! Chlchester*8 English Pennyroyal Pills
I are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. . "Relief . for Ladies"
, ln letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia.. Pa.
MOTHERS — Dilnk Cof-farln regularly- and
your nerves and. digestion will be all right:
give It to the children and the old man, and
' half mill- trr>nV>l«. O.III «.«..«.;'. _
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ - OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
¦ CHOICE PROPERTY . '
FOR SALS BY
. WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
1172 Broedway, corner Fourteenth it.
Telephone Main 85.
$1600— Myrtle-st. cottaiw of 8 rooms and
bath, west side of street, high basement; lot
15x123. •
$1050— Chestnut-st. cottage of B. rooms and
bath; new car line will run within one block.
$1800— On West St.. near 86th; very nice,
4-room cottage; lot 23x109.
" $1200— Fiv«-room cottage on 87th st. ; lot
50x100. '
$2750— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath, on 84th
St., near Adeline; lot 83x100; fine place.
$2800— On Grova st. near 40th (new ferry
line); new 2-story house of 7 rooms, all mod-
ern- • :
$2350 each— Two modern 6-room houses. In
Golden Gate, near San Pablo ave.; will sell
either.
$2400— On West et., near 20th; good 5-room
cottage; lot 30x100.
$2500 — On Market St.. near. 83d; modern 5-
room cottaxe: lot 30x116.
$2500 — Fine new cottaxe, 6 rooms and bath,
on Chestnut St.; corner lot; 84x100.
$2600— West-st. cottage, near 14th; « rooms
and bath; lot 28x90.
$2750 — A very fine modern 5-room cottage,
close to 32d and Grove sts.; rood el zed lot;
on nortb side of. street. -
$3800— One of the prettiest homes ln Oak-
land, on 15th st., close in; contains 8 rooms
and bath; all modern conveniences.
$3250 — A very choice 8-room house, fine loca-
tion; Piedmont district; north side of street;
new and modern.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
1172 Brottfway, corner Fourteenth st.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
407 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
$250 cash and balance In very easy Install-
ments will buy a new cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, with lot 45x100, on a -corner. Just a
chance for a comfortable little home; con-
venient to Telegraph ave. cars. North Oak-
land. 69-11.
$2900 — Best cottage to be had; on one of the
best cross streets, between Telegraph ave. and
Grove st. ; almost new; 5 large rooms, bath,
pantry and a high dry basement, with a lot
30x103; very choice. 62-7.
$3150 — Brand new house of 8 rooms and bath,
pantry, laundry, tastefully tinted; only a few
minutes' wallc to the new cross-town line to
the "key route" ferry; convenient to the street
car lines to Oakland: lot 40x100; street work
all complete; a house to satisfy any one. 52-1.
•4100— A splendid downtown houeo, contain-
ing 7 rooms and bath, facing, on one of the
nicest Darks and In one of tne choicest loca-
tions ln the city, not over 5 minutes' walk
from Broadway; new house and surrounded by
good homes; owner has made low price to sell
Immediately: don't wait for some one else to
get lt; lt will suit you. 51-32.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
4G7 Ninth St., Oakland. Cal.
FRANK P, LEE.
r 911 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$3500 — Old-fashioned house of 8 rooms: sub- ;
stantlally built; ln perfect condition; por-
celain bath, etc.; close to high school
and business center.
$2500— New Swiss Colonial. 6 rooms; strictly
modern; corner lot; street work complete;
Adeline station. '
$2700 — Cottage of 0 large rooms ln good condi-
tion; lot 45x130; wlthlrf S. P. call limits;
convenient to everything.
$2150 — m -story, 0 rooms; modern; on NW. cor-
ner, between Telegraph and Broadway;
close to new ferry line; lot 50x100; less
than house cost.
$2650—8 room*, bath, basement, barn; lot 32x
100: east front; 'near San Pablo and Thir-
tieth; $500 cash; bargain.
$2000 — Corner on Grove St.: cottage. 6 rooms;
modern: lot 40x120; close to two local
trains: Santa Fe and Berkeley.
$2050— Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, base- ,
ment and laundry; on car line; nice neigh- '
borhood: ln East "Oakland.
$2G50 — Two flats, 4 and 6 rooms each; central;
Income $30 per month; must sell quick.
Fine home places on Vernon Heights and Lin-
da Vista. It will pay to Investigate.
San Pablo ave. business property.
FRANK P. LEE,
911 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— COMFORTABLE cottage, with bay-
window and high basement; lot 140 feet
deep; fine, larxe barn; irravel driveway; nice
neighborhood; _ street work all done; above
San Pablo ave.'; terms If you like. GEO. W. I
AUSTIN, or J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
15 ACRES extending from San Pablo ave. to
the bay; on line of Southern Pacific R. R. ;
good for manufacturing and subdivision pur-
poses. For price, etc.." see
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 Broadway.
WE have a large tract of land fronting on
San Pablo ave.; convenient to Santa Fe R.
R. and good for subdivision; price $2000 per
acre. For size terms, etc.. see
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway.
FOR RENT IN OAKLAND. "
Pine large. two-«tory house of nine rooms,
furnlBhed or unfurnished, or with carpets
only: large grounds; stable, etc.: on Oakland
Heights; rent reasonable to right party.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
464 Twelfth st.. Oakland.
NEW. cozy colonial home In arlstocratlo part
of Oakland; rent will pay 12 per cent on the
Investment. Call bet. 1 and 3 p. m.; 101
Eighth St.. Oakland.
WEST St.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
per month; modern improvements: windmill
and tank; $7000. Inquire 007 Grove st.,
Oakland.
Modern house. 9 rms.; stable; Mason A Hamlin
organ. Before 12 tn., 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg., San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, ih pages, sent to any address In th*
ITnltrd States nr Cnnujrtn one year for tl.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnt-
turr. H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor. store. Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEST bargains ever offered; new tract right at
the station; big lots, beautifully wooded:
grand views; streets graded;' water mains
laid; lot 50x125, for $400; terms, 10 per cent
cash, $10 monthly; . bound to increase in
value; 02 lots sold to date; send for booklet.
LYON & " HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— Pro-
bate. No. 2931)0. (Indorsed) Filed Oct. 13
1903. Albert B. Mahony. Clerk, by E. s'.
Hawley, Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUGAN, deceased.
Notice for publication of time appointed for
probate of will. ' C C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
of October. A. D. 1003, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
that day, and the courtroom of Department
¦ No. 9 of said court, at the City Hall, in tho
1 city and county of San Francisco, State or
California, have been appointed as the time
and place for proving. the will of said PAT-
KICK DUOAN, deceased, and for hearing
the application of NELLIE A. LASSELL
for the Issuance to her of letters of adminis-
tration with the will annexed thereon. [Seal.j
ALBERT B. MAHONY, Clerk. By E. 8.
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13,
A. D. 1003. A. D. KEYES. Attorney for
Petitioner. , . v
TO Whom It May Concern— William Kraps has
this day ' sold, . transferred and * delivered all
his. right, title > and Interest In and to the
hotel business up to- the present .time con-
ducted by htm al 218 Turk st., city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, '-State of California, un-
der the name "Hotel Meredith," to Mary C.
Kraps, . his wife, the ', tame to be henceforth
the separate property of said Mary C. Kraps,
who alone. will henceforth be responsible ' for
all debt* Incurred ln said business. . Dated a'
San Francisco this 27th day of January, 190.1.
WILLIAM KRAPS, MARY C. KRAPS.
Witness: CHARLES S.-BURNELL.
MEDICAL.
BAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT " PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE:
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST..- room .7. Phone Red 8321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all.
VALPEAU'S female ptlls; best regulating pills
sild; price $2 SO by express. Pasteur's
eyrlnge and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 82S Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-
- male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. Cth,
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who ars sick ot
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the- unfor-.
. tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Gocdwln, 783 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
ln obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 0; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
' specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low tet*.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method ot treatment. 1120 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
A maternity villa; private; secluded; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 819 Powell St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOBH A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor
or boiler, 1 25-horsepower ga9 engine, 1 10-
horsepower gas engine, 1 8-horsepower boiler.
For prices and Information regarding above
and Inspection of same, call at WHITT1ER-
COBURN CO., 20 Fremont st.. 8. F. •
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
* Repair lt with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beala st,
NOTICE^ — A 3-room hunting shack at draw-
bridges near Alvlso. Inquire of R. B. CHAN-
DLER at Fulton Iron Works, Harbor View,
for further Information.
AA— Wagon, 7 feet, or one 5 feet, $40 >»ach;
harness or surrey cheap; must sell. 1S31
Eddy at.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 B0. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to r.ooa.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. 8unday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-25S Spear st.
SLOT machine, Dewey. $45; Regina music box
and lot of discs; Columbia phonograph and
records; cheap. 1508 Seventh st. Oakland.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
FOR sale — Thoroughbred Newfoundland bitch.
2 years old; good watch dog. 309 Moultrie
St., near Cortland ave. school.
CHEAP — Steamer trunk, linens, toys, books,
silver; handsome baby carriages, robes. 1003
Sutter st.
SINGER drop-head sewing machine, complete,
with attchmts.: bargain. 1571 Mrkt.. nr. 12th.
FOR t»ale — One fine marble fountain. Apply to
H. M. NEWHALL & CO.. 309 Sansome st.
LARGEST runts and other pigeons; trained
Irish setter. 214; Linden st., Oakland.
BEST Burbank potatoes. $1 15 the sack de-
livered. Phone Grant 70; write, call, -115 Mkt.
NEWLY cut genuine 3-garnet settings; 1 small
ruby; 1 sapphire; $5 each. 706 Laguna st.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $333
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; al v
sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROQH MNFQ CO.. 819 Market st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.: 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures; magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EXJ-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 100
Montgomery at. i :
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;bammockJ.
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 93.1 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches;
all sUes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Monts/y.
BIISCELLAXEOys WANTS. '
WANTED to buy a Spitz dog about 1 year old;
Btate price, condition and where can be seen.
Address box 204S, Call office.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
| clothing: send postal. MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
! WANTED — Hunting dog; trained: state price
and breed. Box 2053. Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES. I
114!) Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
2fi Stockton st. : phone Bush 484.
JIOXEY TO LOAfl.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests lip property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential..
When You Need Money .
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES. '
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2408. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 68 and 60 Donohoe build-
lng. 1170 Market st. - -
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store: 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1» Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail- mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business ln
40 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan; easy Installments. -. Room
60. Academy of Sciences. 810 Market st.
STRICTljr CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture, 'pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. tel.Maln 704.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer ln
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Oeo. Matthews, 709 Fifth at.. Oakland.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov.
al. no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room 621, Emma Spreck-
els' Building, loans money on real estate and
all other ' securities ; confidential ; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. .
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people .without securtt> ;. on fur-
niture, ¦ Indorsed notes and other security.
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money, on your furniture
than any other place ln city; no commission.
C12 Parrott building; phone South 655.
ON furniture piano; no removal. .E. W. LICK.
; 1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 703 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
. MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR ' «>an Co. ¦ of Wyoming . loans money to
' salarW employes. R.311.Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. . MQRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.,
CHEAPEST and test In America— TUt» Weekly
'• • Call. "10' pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Cuiiiil" ""• v»r tnr t\.
FRU1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
trnPITYALB REAIi ESTATE.
- ' *
FRUTTVALB.
4 acres; big snap; on the Ban Leandro road,
above High at.; 2-story building and • acres;
forced sale; owner non-resident. THE ALDEN
CO.. 1113 Broadway, Oakland.
.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BE0ADWAY.
OAKLAKP REAL BSTATB.
LATMAKCB REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-402 Eighth St., Oakland.
$7500— Bank sacrifice; splendid 9-room resi-
dence; corner lot, 150x140; overlooking Lake
Merritt: walking distance to business center;
abeolute pick-up; easy tetma.
S3SS0 — Land worth the price; splendid central
Enst Oakland corner; pretty 8-room cottage;
large lot 70x100; extra choice central East
Oakland location.
$3500— Central flats; Inside 21st st.; 6 room-
each; splendid order; good for $40 a month.
$2700 — Grove-st., pretty colonial, almost new
7-room house; see this good value.
$15,000— Elegant 12-room house; choice, sight-
ly location, on electric line; gae, electricity;
marine view; house has lot 100x281; double
frontage; 17 nice lots adjoining Included; prop-
erty fronts on three streets.
$20.000 — Modern 8-story structure; renting for
$1500 per annum; 5 years' lease; tenant paya
water and repairs; adjoining one of Oakland's
tlnest business blocks; rapidly advancing.
$S0,000— Adjoining the tanking center of Oak-
land; 3-«tory corner brick block; 100 feet front-
; age; land alone -nearly worth this; genuine ln-
| vestment.
$10,000— Fine Broadway lot,- with 4 flats; &0
feet double frontage; rents $60 month; bargain.
$2250— Nearly 2 acres, ln best section of
North Oakland; good for fine residence or sub-
dividing.
JoC.'.O — Modern 2-story residence, with corner
lot; close to car lines and locals cost $6000; a
model Eajst Oakland home.
$2250— Fine modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; lot 33x112; prettily situated; near Ade-
line; cheap.
$2200 — Splendid cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
elevated lot. SOxlOO; picturesque spot ln Pied-
mont; cost J2800; one block from car line.
REDUCED FOR QUICK SALE,
$1800 — Pretty bay-window cottage;. 5 rooms
and bath; corner lot; one block from San Pablo
cars and new railroad.
$1350 — Neat cottage, 4 rooms; nice location;
just the place for railroad employe.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
A REAL SWELL HOME.
$45C0 — Sunny northwest corner; terraced lot;
brand new 2-story house, 7 rooms and
bath; Hawaiian Islands plans; light wood
finish; double flooring; patent reversible
windows; double entrance; ln fact, a very
pretty home.
FOUR BLOCKS FROM BUSINESS CENTER.
$3300 — 2-story house, 8 rooms and bath; 5 bed-
rooms, with large closets; clinker brick
fireplace; window seats; large halls and
wide staircases; 40 feet frontage; would
rent for S4Q.
NEAR MARKET-ST. STATION.
$3000 — Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; $500 Just
spent in renovations; lot 51:1x125; barn;
Myrtle st. ; terms.
23D ST., NR. TELEGRAPH AVE.
Asking price $2U50; reasonable offer will buy
lt; Owner breaking up housekeeping: cottage. 5
rooms and bath; large pantry; nice floored
basement; very cheap.
REMOVAL SALE.
$2800— REASON— OWNER GOING NORTH.
Cheerful home; 6 rooms and bath; recep-
tion hall, gas and electricity; everything
modern; on Grove st.
CHESTNUT ST.. BET. 18TH AND 218T.
$2600 — 2 years old; 2-story house. 6 rooms and j
bath; reception hall; inclosed porch; cove
ceilings: modern plumbing and fixtures;
barn; lot 34x100; terms.
FOR SPECULATORS.
$400— Lot on Twenty-fourth st; 25x107:6;
snap.
FINE VIEW— GRAND VIEW— SUPERB
VIEW.
Near cam and local: lot overlooking Oakland,
Alameda. Berkeley, S. F. : the Golden Gate,
Marin County, bay points. San Pablo and Point
Richmond; 100 or 50 feet; very cheap.
S. M. DODGE A SON,
1160 Broadway.
Also agents for the Realty Syndicate proper-
ties and tt per cent Interest bearing certificates.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc.,
10C0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
$900. BANK PROPERTY. $000.
5-room cottage, with lot 50x125; fine garden,
fruit, etc.; close to Swett School, cars and
Brooklyn station. This Is a decided bargain.
I Very easy terms.
$1300— A bungalow cottage of 3 large rooms,
! bath, etc.; cute and sunny; fine perch, fruit,
1 flowers, chicken houses; 3 blocks to Berkeley
I local; 2 blocks to Santa Fe station; 2 blocks
, to Adeline electric train; 2 blocks to San Pablo
cars; a fine location; eee photo at efflce; terms
to suit.
$2600. NEARLY COMPLETED. $2600.
Cozy cottage, 5 rooms, reception hall, parlor
«51nlng-room. paneled walls, with extra finish;
fine tinting effects; china closet, kitchen, large
, pantry, tiled sink, 2 bedrooms, plenty closets,
bathroom: right up to date; good lot; fine loca-
tion; near TelegTaph ave.; street work com-
plete; terms to suit.
M. A. C.
$2750. BUNGALOW COTTAGE. $2750.
Just finished: 5 rooms, reception hall, parlor
I with alcove co2y corner; the dlnlnr-room a
special feature; large kitchen and pantries;
cement cellar, etc. You must see thlb to ap-
preciate how cute it is. Photo at office.
We have a very' large list of desirable prop-
erties. Call and see what we can offer you.
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT Inc
1000 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$3500— DOWNTOWN, few blocks from Broad-
way, between Tenth and Fourteenth sts.;
0 rooms, bath; all ln fine condition: lot
00 feet front (nott the size); lot alone
worth $70 per foot; figure It up.
$36 per foot — Fine building lot, corner Market
and Nineteenth sts. : central; very desira-
ble; street work all done.
$1100— Nice little cottage of 4 rooms; high
basement; sunny side; close to San Pablo
ave.; good neighborhood. GEO. W AUS-
TIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$20^— FOR RENT.
Furnished upper flat. C good rooms, bath.
etc.: center of town; furniture for sale for
$100; worth double that amount. THE AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$1450— COZY cottage. 4 rooms, bath, etc.;
walking distance to Fourteenth nt. and
Broadway; a enap; easy terms. THE AL-
. DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$750 — Chicken ranch. 8 acres, fully equipped-
Frultvale; a snap. THE ALDEN CO 1118
Broadway. yz_ J
$S0O cash, $15 monthly; a new 2-story house of 8
rooms; barn; summer-house: Immense oaks
l&urel and other -trees; a large creek through
the grounds; good well of water; 10 lots, 250x
115; grand soil and no tetter climate ln Cali-
fornia; one can make a good living on this
place; no winds or fogs and one of the most
delightful spots you ever saw; adjoining East
Oakland: price, in all. $2800; If you can use
this property lt ts one of the best you can
have. Call or send for circular, 455 7th st
opp. Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
FOR SALE— 300 feet frontage ln Glen Echo
Tract one block from electric at $7 per
foot. 200 feet frontage Just off Telegraph
to the east near Idora Park at $9 per foot
or $300 per lot of 33 1-3x100 feet. Some
Realty Syndicate 6 per cent certificates at
00c on 10 per cent discount. Improved prop-
erties at a bargain.
W. E. BARNARD,
476 Tenth st.
$8500—2 NEW modern flats. 7 rooms each* lot
60x150; 2 blocks from business center: will
pay 10 per cent on investment. ¦ C. K. MAR-
- SHALL. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
P. J. McKAY,
- Real Estate and Insurance.
House Renting. Rents Collected.
• Bargains Constantly on Hand.
1481 Seventh St."'
HEAL ESTATE— -Cowntry— For Sale.
(SOOt— DAIRY, 04 acre&> stock and tools;
worth {10.000. MOSSMAN. Examiner bids.,
.^ 411.
' FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a rood
profit. HAMILTON A KENDRICK.Petaluma.
FOR SALS— Cho!ce block In Mlllbraa* MARK
LANE. 116 Montgomery »U
* A> MATUO REAL BSTATJO.
. ecBCXtBAK HOMES
AT SAN MATEO PARK.
SAN MATEO.
Besut'.ful home lots, averaging about 1 acr«
each, in San Mateo Park, the fiaset raborbao
:..-.'.. r. * property near 8an Francisco; this
irorcrty th* famous Clark Tract, held for or«r
• 4" vrarV by th« came owners, recently uibdl-
.vi.;*.! into cottage, bungalow and villa bom*
*'.tes w'.th wide and winding avenues; bor-
(Jtr^d with thousanda of costly shade trees
and ccmrrlslnr the most desirable of all the
ellrfble '¦'¦'¦'•• * ltes ln beautiful San Mateo.
suburban electric trains now running every
IXi ram***** from Sin Francisco for San Mateo
Thff« villa lots will be «©ld on terms of ona-
tiiirrt ca<"h balance in one and two years
For r.:npe. catalogues and full particulars
«.~p:y to or address BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Rp'al F.t.tate Agents. 23 Post st.. fi. F. or
FRANK S GRUMilOX. San Mateo.
San Mateo cff.ee or>en Sundays.
PAN MATHO. BURLING AME.
.' IJoft suburban homes near San Francisco; no
"Vrry: electric railroad row running; lots and
residences for rale; we can sell good lots as
*: '»• a 1 ? **'<K) eac>»; we will be glad to show
•^err.. We also have some acreage land near
\ > us low a* $100 to $2t«0 r*r acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
IT*' Montgomery Ft.. San Francisco. Resident
Ajr'nt. S. G. OOOPHl'E. Western Union
* T* lepraph building, Pan Mateo.
PO INT RICH MOXD^REAL, ESTATE.
'OWN A LOT
IN THE CITY OF RICHMOND.
The California terminus of the Santa Fe
r.ailroaa anfl Standard Oil Company Ir at the
atjr d Richmond. Jart across the bay from
San Frandscft, where these corporations, to-
.* ' g>th<»r Kith the Southern Pacific Railroad,
. 'are spending millions of dollars, which will
r.-.ak<- ;< the greatest manufacturing city on
•V racISc Coast.
?5 per month.
A sood way to Rave and make money. Maps
' frre. RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
(¦rorkf-r building. San Francisco.
POINT RICHMOND LOTs!
*S PKR MONTH. ALL LEVEL.
BEST RKAL ESTATE BUY TO-DAT.
IN THE SANTa FF. TRACT.
.-TKrTKTS GRADED. BITUMEN SIDEWALKS
• ScXTSCEN BROS.. 11^ MONTGOMERY ST.
SOLE AGENTS.
TtANrrACTURlNG site. 4 "acre?, located on
both Par.ta Fe and Southern Pacific roads;
. rris-t available site for manufacturing pur-
powi on this side of the bay; price very
r<-i»sor.able. For price and full Information
»»e J H. MACDONALD A CO.. 1052 Broad-
way. Oakland.
v AlKR front loUs and bar-pains; all tracts;
ir»pt ;>hctos. <tc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
«AN JOSE REAL. ESTATE^
K<.»ft sale — $350; kit 4. block T. Vulcan street.
¦ off Clara ave.. 2*i blocks from corner Mar-
ket and Castro sts. Address BAILEY. 114
.lyfrzen ave.. San Jose. Cal.
ItEAL ESTATE Tf» EXCHASGa
< \« "RES— Highly ircirroved ranch in Santa
' ,ara valley; r-a>"in« 12 per cent on lnvest-
¦ nient ; want Improved l>rcr>erty in Oakland
or San Francisco.
4 n^w fuiui)- flats in San Francisco; rentals
$9S per month ; want bulldinc lots.
Ca^h an4 $40.000 — Orange prove for San
FranCltro or Oakland Improved.
New ?-room houses !n Oakland for lands.
O. A. LANE. M5 Mills bldg., S. F.
WELL established and very profitable business
to exchange for ranch or city property; will
b*>ar rigid invest igat ion. Box 2641, Call.
A ?35<iO MORTGAGE, well s«»cured^ 10 per
. cent Intenst. to exchange for Improved prop-
erty 4n any of th« bay citiPf. Box 2640. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
' IT IS TO rOtTO INTEREST TO PURCHASE
A I! " IX ALAMEDA.
Special Inducements. Big Bargains.
Cheaper Than Auction Trices.
. . - • WE BELL BELOW COST.
Great Chance to Purchase a Home Cheap.
¦ S228">-t4?u3-b beautiful 5-room cottage; lot 80x
-^ ).'¦". bargain.
J2./0G — K!egaj;t 5-room colonial cottage; very
modern.
>-' ¦ .» — J.j -a fine. 5-room cottaee; lot 50xl5»;
8-frtot basement.
J1C0G— Good r>-room ccttajre; lot 33x100; vnap.
$30w — Splendid 5-room cottage; lot 50x100.
with 2 tinijhed rooms ln basement.
f.;i00— Nearly n«?w 6-room cottage with car-
pets, lace curtains, etc.
>0500 — Duys beautiful 7-room colonial home;
choice neighborhood.
$4250— Buys i-well fc-room colonial home; Grand
rx. : sacrificed.
$5500 — Cfccic* 10-ronm house; corner lot, 60x
150; mutt be s^en to be appreciated.
If you desire a home at the right price give
The br*t bargrairs ever offered In the city of
..Mp.mria. Houses built, rented, exchanged and
«uld oa eafy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
< 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
$5&0 down, balance as dwlred: new, modern,
.» • :- up-to-date Cdor.lal ptory and a half eot-
.. tage of 5 rooms; porcelain bath, open
- _ r-lumblng; fine location; price $^500.
"$8000— Almo« new: Colonial house of 7 rooms
large lot: prettiest block ln our city;
cement bastrr.er.t; cheap Indeed.
$^500~-A f.ne corner; an ideal residence for
. a doctor: 75- foot front; basement can be
' •. • used ts a ballroom or billiard-room; house
¦ !n ail contains 9 rooms; finished attic
• - Pee us for building lots. We build on
your term*.
HAMMOND A HAMMOND. 1422 Park St..
.AJameda.
'NO FNAPS, "
X<O SACRIFICES.
But rood, honest vbIumi to any and all deslr-
tns a home in the beautiful city of Alameda.
ii»*e TI^E reliable arents,
' W. K. CONGER A CO.. 1501 Park St.-
HOUSE FOR SALE.
•A rr>r>d house of 11 rooms, with all modern
"<*oi*venienoes: lot 50x150; between Grand and
*'h*>stnnt-sts. stations; price ?4O00. J. 6
UAKTJKT, 1310 Park *t.. real estate.
DO you war.t to buy a lot? Do you want to
. build a home? Do you want plans made?
<^all or address J. It. YOUNG, 1243 Park
.ft.. Alameda. Cal.
JEKKELF.V ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY IlEAL ESTATE.
$1700 — HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; street
work ail done; near station; a bargain.
f2200 — House of 5 rooms and bath; fine corner
lot; etrett work all done: only one block
. * . from statlcn.
$20^0— House of <J rooms and bath; street work
all done.
$2400 — Hou*e of <J rooms and bath; fine lot on
sunny side of street; or.ly 2 blocks from
elation.
$.'1500 — New house of 7 rooms d bedrooms);
furnished with window ehadee; combina-
tion fixtures; connected with gag and elec-
tric lights; very convenient to station and
" car l!ne- c&th or installments.
tUJOO — Fine nous* of U rooms and bath; lot
70x135; rtreet work all done.
$7000 — Elegant house of S rooms and bath,
with furnace, etc ' -
Kin*- corner lot, very best part of Berkeley.
Apjjl}- to
JOSEPH J. MASON.
''or. Center st. and Ehaltuck ave., Berkeley.
$1200— FIVE-ROOM houso; lot 40x110; street
work don*-: cement walk; fine well; close
to cars; $250 cash, balance $15 per month.
$1000 — «-room house: high basement; lot 50x
l.'~-»: nice rtreet; clo*e to cars; can sell on
terms.
S::500 — 7-room house; new and modern; up to
date; lot 50x146; elegant location; must
be sold; don't mirs this.
BUSINESS SNAPS. I
$4<Xk- Barber khop; established 15 years; pays
MO.
Jl'25'J — Crocry; well stocked; fixture*; horses
. and vehicles; established 23 y*ars.
$3fxx> — Handsome new building; first-class situ-
ation; I'M net per month sruaranteed; eon-
tair.s flat and store; $750 cash, balance
rayable out of rent: take this snap.
W. C. MORAN. Lorln Station or C. C. EMS-
LIH Ash by Station.
$2 500 — ONE acre near FtaUon and school; grand
location: can guarantee a big bargain.
Wuuo— A good 11 -room house, stable, fruit trees
and 3 lots included; 3 blocks from train;
i block from electric cars.
Also lots for sale In the Wheeler Tract.
Henry- Bangs Tract. Central Park Tract, Magee
Tract, Hardy Tract. Graves A Taylor Tract.
IJa!»y Sceiuc Park tract for cash or on easy
terms. t
L. J. MORAN & CO.,
. 2131 Ehattuck ave.. Berkeley station.
LAWTON A ALBEE. real estate have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and buslneaa lots
«t loweft price*; choice Investment property.
Paying 6 p«- cent to 10 per cent net; refer to
elthtr bank la Berkeley. 2139 Center at.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
PKRKJELBY RBAX BSTATB.
ALLKN A ELLIS SPECIALS.
$1160— a room*; modern plumbUyt: nlc* llttl*
plac«{ cur cars. . .,.
#1430— « rooms: modern:- la one conditions 0
blocks of Unlveralty of California.
$3550— ( rooiaa; oomplcta; all convenience;
nice; close la.
$3300 — Nloo new 5-room cottage; basements
cloae In.
$2575— 7 rooms, 8 etorieet naarly n*ir| Um
lot; Die* location; oa ItoA avenue; noa*
cars; snap,
$2375— 0 rooms. 2 stories: nsirj n*ar In; good
buy.
$2750— Dandy 8-roOm o<>tta*»t modern and eo»n-
: plete; choice larre lot: convenient to Uni-
versity of California.
$3250— A substantial, well-built »-room 2-«tory
house; In nlc« condition; choice comer
lot; fine location; convenient to University
of California and a decided bargain.
$3250 — 8 rooms; good aa new; sightly situation;
convenient to University of California,
$SS50 — 7 rooms; new; elegant; oaoloa location;
east of Telegraph.
$4500— Elegant 8-room house la a fln» looattoa;
quite attractive.
$50CO — 10 rooms: modern; basement; good as
new; central: close In; fine for roomers.
$6500—13 rooms; elegant house ;. exceptionally
( weU built: fine location; cloae In.
! ALLEN & ELLIS,
j 2129 Center St., Berkeley.
$3800— BRAND new house of 7 rooms, eto.;
; east of Shattuck ave.; $1000 down.
I $900— Fine cottage in Berry-Bangs Tract, east
of Telegraph ave. ; street work done,
i 5950^ — Boe that fine cottage on Carlfon St., near
Dana. 60x125; street work done.
$2300— Pretty new cottage. 6 rooms, eto.; all
modern; close to cars, high achool and
courthouse. .
; $750— A snap; 2 lots each 50x125; $750 for
both.
> $4T>C0 — Modern new house on Walnut St., near
College.
See our new houses for rent.
¦\V. J. MORTIMER A CO.,
: 2123 Center st.. successors to May & Mortimer.
j FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN.
NORTH END BUSINESS BLOCK.
BEST BUSINESS CORNER AT NORTH
BERKELEY STATION: NORTHEAST COR-
i NER OF 1 VINE AND SHATTUCK AVENUES:
00 FEET FRONTAGE ON VINE STREET, 75
FEET FRONTAGE ON SHATTUCK AVE-
NUE. LARGE TWO-STORY FRAME BUILD-
ING WITH 5 STORES ON GROUND FLOOR;
; 1C LARGE ROOMS ON SECOND FLOOR-
1 ALL RENTED AT PRESENT; PAYING 6
: PER CENT ON THE ASKING PRICE: CAN
| BE MADE WITH LITTLE OUTLAY TO
! BRING A RENTAL OF 12 PER CENT.
CHENEY A BERRY,
I ' Berkeley— Postof flee Block.
! $2250— 6-ROOM house; lot 60x120; street work
done; 1 block from College ave.
I $650— Let 50x135; Addison St., near Santa Fe
; Hoe.
CHENEY A BERRrS SPECIALS.
$7500 — 600 feet on Claremont ave.; will sell
this as whole or In lots of 100 feet frontage.
10 lots near Grove st.; $400 to $500; Install-
j ments.
600 feet on. water . front . and railroad. West
Berkeley, for ealer Just the place fora factory.
CHENEY A BERRY,
¦ ¦ ¦ P. O. Block, Berkeley.
$1500^ — GOOD house. 8 rooms and bath, close to
I station; ea*y terms; great chance.
| JUST THE THING.
: $2700 — New modern 2-story oolonlal house. 6
rooms, bath and hall, paneled dining-room,
tinted walls, combination fixtures, etc. ;
fine location; close to station; Improved
street: easy terms.
$3000— New. modern 2-story colonial " house, 0
good rooms, hall, par.tr>' and all appoint-
ments complete; lot 50x100; sunny expos-
ure; improved street: east of Shattuck.
• H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
| FOR pale — In Berkeley; » beautiful homes on
Emerscn. Essex and Prince sta., between
Ashby-ave. Ftation and Shattuck ave. Take
new ferry at foot of Market st. at any even
hour and in 30 minutes will be on grounds.
I will be on grounds or have my representa-
tive there from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day
except Sundays. Buy cf builder and owner
and save money.
C. R. SHAW. . .
Contractor and Builder,
1506 11th ave. East Oakland.
INVESTMENT— 294 feet on an Improved
street at 112 50 r>er front foot.
No. 7C0" — $2625; modern 6-room house; easy
terms if required. Thl» is a big bargain.
No. *I03— *13,500: improved property; close
In tpwn; income $1CSO f© oer year.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH. Real Estate, Insurance.
! 2171 Shattuck ave., Berkeley. Cal.
j CENTRAL REAL~E£TATirCOiIPANr!
2143 Center St., Berkeley.
We have oi>ened up a new tract; 4 blocks
from R. R. station; a very sightly location; '
the street work is all done; maps sent on
application.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2143 Center st.. Berkeley.
A NEW route to Berkeley; key route ferry be-
gins operaticn to-morrow morning; Berkeley
terminus at Staats & Juster's office; call in
and inquire regarding Berketey real estate;
now is the time to buy; no time like the pres-
ent If you wish to make money; look for the
sign. "We Sell the Earth."
STAATS & JUSTER. 2137 Shattuck ave.
WHY pay rent when you can buy new 6-room
cottage with all modern Improvements; brick
foundation, high basement, electric lights,
city water; lot 37:6x133; price $l'.;00; terms
$150 cash, balance $18 a month; only two
blocks to both ferry lines, stores, school,
church and electric car*. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station; ooen Sundays.
J. 3. MASON. — — — — —
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE. cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center st
Berkeley. Cal.
11 ACRES adjoining- univegsity: whole or dl-
! vislcns. DR. MOUSER. owner. 707 Bush st.
i i : .
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Ift pa«r<»s. In- wraor*r. for mntllnir. tl vnr.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station.
$2300— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
fine mantel, etc.; 7-foot basement: good -brick
• foundation; fruit trees, stable and chlcken-
. house; lot 70x133; choice location; only Va
: block from Frultvale ave.
j $1600 — Cottage of 4 large rooms, bath; hall:
' high basement; lot 37:Cxl35; street work all !
i done; fine location; three blocks from Fruit- \
vale station; $100 cash, balance same as rent. :
$1275 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, hot and
cold water, good well and city water; large
lot; *75 down, balance $16 per month; four
blocks from local train.
$1350 — Splendid 4-room cottage, bath; high
basement: brick foundation; lot 35x120; fruit
1 trees; \j block from electric cars.
$1300 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
hard finished pantry, closets; marble wash-
stand; stationary tube; good cement founda-
, tlon; only three blocks from Frultvale station.
1 $1650 — Bay-window cottage of 6 rooms: hard
finished: large stable and chicken-house; good
' well, windmill and tank; lot 112x135 Teet; all
fenced.
> H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station.
! CHARLES F. LEE, Phone Vale 296.
1222 Frultvale ave., Vs block of station.
$200 down — New 5-room and bath Queen
Anne cottage, on the hill, clore to school and
cars; 4 large lots, 100x132; all nicely fenced:
monthly payments; $15: price all told, $1850.
$2250 — Lovely new 4-room high basement cot-
tage, chicken houses and yards: wire fence all
around: lovely creek passes property: giant
oak trees: nice young orchard; fine outbuild-
ing*; an Ideal spot for chicken ranch; 125x200;
farlnz two streets. •
i. $1250 — Cottage of 4 large rooms, barn, chlck-
¦ tn house: fruit trees; fine well; good location;
well fenced; lovely well water piped to house.
$100 down. $15 monthly — Good 2-rocm shin-
gle cottage; 10 fruit trees; large barn; close to
•street cars; well and city water: nicely fenced;
price for r.U. 1 650.
LoU $75 each— Only $5 down: lots 25x100.
high ground; close to cars, school, church and
poetof flee. -
The "Rosa Lee" tract; no cold winds or
harfh fogs; will build you a home ion easy
terms.
CHARLES F. LEE,
i£ block or Frultvale Station.
FRUITVALE. FRUITVALE.
Lots tn
SATHER TRACT.
For location.- climate and convenience you
cannot choose a prettier spot. Come out and
see the cretty cottasres now building. This
choice property has graded streets, . sewers,
electrle lights, nubile • schools close to local
station and fine view. You are not closed
in with hills. •
Lots 37V4xl25 $375
Lots W)xl25 •••••.•.'.• V • !"™°.
Lots " 50x200 ¦......;.....¦.: . . . . ... .|800
Many bargains in modern . cottages. <- . ; .- *
TERMS IF DESIRED. • '
Exclusive Agents for Sather Tract.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COi, :
Frultvale Station.
Walk one block.• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25. 1903.
46
SPIRITUALISM. ...
THE wreck of the South Portland foretold last
¦ August by "Ismar," th« Egyptian Gypsy, on 1
paga 84.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychlo for slate-
wrttlng and clairvoyance; stamp tor circular.
1112 Eddy it., nr. Octavla; phone 8cott 887.
ETHEL CRINDLB, materializing seance Sun-
day evening. 8 o'clock, 50c.* 328 Ellis st.
MRS. ADA FOYB, S36 O'Farrell St.. corner
Taylor— Sittings dally. 10 to *. ;
EDWARD EARLEJ, 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and'Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. _^_
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 * $1 $1 $1 $1. $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
Th» First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In Ean Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you ycur
name, occupation and what you called for:
I promise, to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell 1 you
, whom aiid when you will marry: in fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you con tell yourself: I Improve
your character eo that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity . to earn
wealth; so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; Sundays, 2 to 8. 326 O'Farre-U st.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and. business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third it., next Examiner
bldg.; ehe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or net satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. TeL Black 4563.
ALL secrets, names, dates, changes, journeys,
love, marriage, divorce, ¦ past, future pros-
. pects, Bpeculatlons.inlnlng.lawsults.everythlng
truthfully revealed or $100. forfeited; lucky
charms free: also m&gnetlsm,clalrvoyance,me-
dlums developed free. Consult Miss Ward, the
great Egyptian princess; office fee 50c ;by mail
$l;Eend money by registered letter or express
order. Hours 10 to 8 p.m.. 413 Mason; no sign.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and '
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to IS p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; gend lock of hair, dat* and year
of birth; don't eend currency. Bend poetofftce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 120 Turk st.
THE wreck of the South Portland foretold last
August by "Ismar." the Egyptian Gypsy, on
pago 34.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
¦ a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourBelf. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 60c.
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin St.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
0-5; evenings and Sundays by appointment;
readings 50c. 3C5 Larkin st., rooms 17 & 18.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th St.. near Market.
PARTHENA, rifted clalr., juat from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post St., nr. Mason.
Gifted clairvoyant test medium; names given;
ladles only,25c; 2 to 8. 1008 Harrison, nr. 6th
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS. preat card reader; ladles 25c. I
gents 50c. 051 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD elves names, dates and facts; !
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason st.; no sign.
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader.
655B Minna St., bet. 7th and 8th; hours 9-9.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26^4 Kearny. room 20; ladlen 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. 6HAFER clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngg dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. Mh and Cth.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now unlver-'
rally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. S55-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40. i
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1843 15th et.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison et. ; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 40.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beatinK:
mattresses made over.1432 Howard ;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning: Co.. 402 Sutter st.:,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works, i
S33 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CBEPIT CIiOTHTEBS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices. '
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
DENTISTS:
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market St.,
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plate*
our specialty; cold crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
$4 DO up, extraction free; office hours, a
a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-G Callachan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without cain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market/ nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over Ilk* new; teeth
¦ from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings,' 50c;
plates, $5; full sct;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns, $2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewItt,20i Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DRESSMAKING
AND MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Leading system of dresscuttlng. Thorough
business course In millinery. Any pattern cut
to measure.
1019 Market, above Sixth st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
' art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAX. "
WE want everybody who works hard for small
pay to learn advertising; strong demand for
competent men and women all over the coun-
try, particularly the West; wages, $20 to
$150 a week; we aid you to employment
through our extensive connections; send for
beautiful prospectus. GASKILL-POWELL
CO., 202 Market st. (Board of Trade bldg.)
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
sociation conducts a night school for men, an
engineering school, an evening law school, a
working boys' night school and a day business
and academic school. Students have gymnas-
ium and other privileges. Apply at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis ets.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd's Syllabic; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuss;
only 9 characters; easily read; study by
mall; circulars, testimonials and first lesson
covering V* the course for two 2-cent stamps.
Chicago Correspondence Schools, Incorpo-
rated. 62 National Life Bldg.. Chicago, 111.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, G*.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established £0 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar.
l;et ft; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome cata'cgue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln it.
"A thorough, school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual : in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and. medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. .Phelan bldg.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
d£.y and evening sessions; wrlto for catalogue.
KENT Law School;, always open; day and
n!;lit. 0j6 Parrott building (Emporium).
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALB.
WANTEP— Work by roof and -house - painter:
Al state work. done by day or job; very
» reasonable; non-union man. .Box 2630. Call.
PAINTER, paperhanger and plasterer wants
work. WILLIAM HAPP. 434 Fulton St., near
Octavla. ¦ . - • • - p
WANTEP— A position as fireman In factory or
shop; good references for past 6 years. F.
MONTOYA. E03>4 Davis St. -- '¦ ¦'- ' y
PAINTER wants work by the day or contract;
has all tools. , 713& Minna st.
POSITION wanted by man and. wife; Germans;
man good horseman and handy; wife flrst-
class cook; city or country. 55S Stockton st.
EASTERN man, with 25 years' experience/like \
to have position as superintendent or foreman
for contractor and builder," on in or outside
work; good draughtsman and flgurer on plans
of any description. Box 2614, Call office..
ASSAYER and chemist, wlthbest smelter ex-
perience, would like position In Central cr
South America; capable of operating mine
and stamp mill. I. STOCKWELL, 1424 Mar-
ket st. ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦'
A REFINED old gentleman, eminently respect-
able, good habits, unlncumbered. desires > a
position as companion to an elderly gentle-
man or lady, or both. Address P.' O. box
2073, San Francisco.
RESPECTABLE young man, sober, willing and
. reliable, wishes position In flrst-claes house
to learn bartending; city or country- Address
box 738. Call office. '
POSITION wanted aa ' engineer; by j sober, re-
liable man; 10 years' experience. Address
728 Howard st. room 3.
MIDDLE-AGED single man would like a po-
sition In the country; wages no cbject. Box
4454. Call office.
JAPANESE) boy, gentle and honest, wishes
situation as schoolboy; speaks English and
understands housework; give me answer by
letter. Address N. H.. Y. M. C. A., 121
Halght it. ¦¦'?•¦>;
JAPANESE) boy, speaks good ESngllch, wants
position, any kind of work, befoVe 7:30 a. m.
or after 8:30 p. m. Box 2639. Call.
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions tats been established at 1093
Valencia gt. '-¦¦•¦
exchange;
WANTED — To exchange, 5 per cent guaranteed
10-year bonds for Income property or vacant
lots tn good location. Address J. H., 335S
Twenty-second Bt., city. .
FINANCIAX. _^
WE buy. sell and exchange stock certificates
of all the advertised mining, oil and indus-
trial companies; list with us; our facilities
are unequaled. We can save you from 5 per
cent to 50 per cent on almost any investment.
Investigate us. Let us have a talk with you
by mall.
WATT & COWPERTHWAITE.
Yosemlte building. Stockton. Cal.
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
''Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
• Selected for conservative investors.
Write 'for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hay-ward B'lJIdtn*. •
San Francisco. Cal.
AA — PRIVATE party will make loans on mort-
gages, estates, notes, warehouse receipts,
etc.: reasonable; in sums to suit; no delay:
money ready at all times; see me If you need
cash. Box 4460. Call. j ____
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
rervlce absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et.. on tht, square.
AN elegant new sunny upper flat: 7 large
rooms and bath; B56 Waller St.. near Stalner;
rent reasonable. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE
& CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery st.
RENT ?40 — To right party, $35: new sunny
flat. 7 rooms; strictly up-to-date; bay-win-
dow; swell neighborhood; see It to-day. 3«1S
Sacramento st.
A SUNNY cor. fl-room flat; first-class In every
respect; 3045 17th st. ; half block from Mar-
ket: Castro and Elghtenth st. cars.
THREE 4-room flats In good condition; Sixth
St.. near Bryant; rent $8. Apply C. S.
HEALEY. 29 New Montgomery st.
FOUR elegant sunny rooms with modern Im-
provements In Mission sunny belt. Inquire
1167 Shotwell st. ¦
ELEGANT 7-room i orner flat; rent $35. 652
Church St.. near Eighteenth.
LARGEST list of houses and flats: call for
printed list. LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgmy.
ELLIS, 810, nr. .Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.: all conveniences: electric light, power.
ELLIS, 2045. near Devlsadero — Modem sunny
flat; 6 rooms 'end bath; rent reasonable.
EUREKA. 29, near Seventeenth— Modern new
flat. 5 rooms and bathj
FELL, 518 — Upper flat of 5 large sunny rooms
and cellar; rent $18.
NEW flat of C r. and b.: cor. 22d and Valencia
sts.; rent reasonable. D. Coffin, 3303 Mission.
TEHAMA, 33C — Upper flat of 4 rooms and
bath.
WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon— New sunny cor.
flat, 9 rooms, large reception hall: rent $55.
2 MODERN flats. 0 and 7 rooms and large
basements. 1C10 Bush, nr. Van Ness; $.T2 50.
! FLATS TO L.ET— FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished 4-room flat: rea-
sonable. 2C08A Sutter. Inquire from 1 to 5.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
NO reasonable offer refused: furniture of 8-
room flat; boarders. 1031 McAUIs'.er st.
FLAT of 6 newly furnished rooms; cause, de-
parture; rent $22 CO. 315 Gough st:
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-room corner sunny flat; par-
ties leavlnc city; cheap for cash. 901 Bu-
chanan st.
FOR sale — Furniture of a 4-room flat. 39 Mor-
ris ave., off Harrison st., near Sixth.
~~ FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4463.
. buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. :tel.Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE^
A COOK for a fine German family In city. $35;
a cook on a ranch, $30, see party in town;
a chambermaid and seamstress' for private
family, city. $30; a waitress for 2 in family,
- In city ?:»0; a cleaver for an institution,
country. $25; a kitchen helper, same place,
$25; 10 waitresses for 2 hours' work on Sun-
days only, $1 and carfare; a second girl,
willing to assist with children, $30; a nurse
for Santa Barbara, $30, see lady here; 50
housework girls for city and country. $20 to
$30. Call at MISS PLUNKETT' S. 425 Sut-
ter st.. near Powell.
WANTED— 5000 SCHOOLGIRLS In San Fran-
cisco and vicinity, for pleasant, steady, spare
hour work; no experience necessary; Bood
pay; splendid chance to make your own
Christmas money.' Full particulars for self-
addressed stamped envelopes only from M.
KAUTCH. Iconoclast, 306 Parrott bldg., S.F.
WANTED — Experienced girl for candy depart-
ment; permanent position to right, person;
hours 7:45 a. m. to 6 p. m. Call-Monday
after 9. GOLDBERG, BOWEN &,CO.. Plne-
et. store. v^
WANTED — A lady to travel and establish
lady agents; . salary not . less . than $18 per
week: expenses advanced; good references
and small cash security . required. Box 271,
Sacramento, Cal. ¦
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies etc.. . guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. la.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
•In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
.teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st.. room VS. '
A — LADIES to learn all branches hair-dressing
trade; manicuring, massage,' etc.,' 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 04; positions seemed
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LTSVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32*^ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR . FIFTEENTH.
RELIABLE, energetic lady or gent to repre-
¦ suit us: city, Oakland. San Rafael, San Jose,'
Petaluma. Santa • Rosa: reference.- Address
Manager, box 2031, Call.
LADIES wanted to copy short letters at home;
$30 : per : 1000 or ?3 per 100: paid weekly. In-
close stamp ' for ; particulars. Parisian ' Sup-
ply Co.. Grand Rapids," Mich. I
1 EDUCATIONAL— Continued. .
' DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
i day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. nr.
Oth, Prof. Foster; society. dancing taught. ...
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women • whose ¦ education has been neg-
lfccted; also foreigners. "Call or add., 710 Post.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay,' cyanide; day,' eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
FOR » sale— $48 cash, paid-up scholarship In
Spanish; I. c. Schools, Scranton; Includes
phonograph. '¦ B. M. H.. 834 37th it; Oakland.
PIANO taught In six- months- by an experi-
enced teacher; 53 month, 8 lessons; special at-
•tention to adult beginners. Box 2643. Call.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo., <2C O'Farrell Bt.
SPANISH.FTench.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'aAcademy
of Languages.320 Post; estab'd lS71;ablest profa
ART lessons In drawing, painting, burnt work.
Kingsland Art Shop. Halght and Pevlsadero.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Oats
' a -' ve - > "»» bminsss course; day and evening.
SC^S?Jb 0F Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.. ..Night clasa.
ARITHMETIC,, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE A OKI, 421 PosrsTTteT^sh"!^
- Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlahes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM . Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese -help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main B752.
A — ORAND Japanese. Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in Ths
New World, Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
CHINESE Employment Office— Ben help at
Leon Seung's, 411 % O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.'
EMPLOYMENT. WASTED FEMALE.
A YOUNG German girt wants m care for chil-
dren or do second work; can sew nicely;
speaks no English; expects S15 to S20 a
..month. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS office,
425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, first-
class cutter and fitter; a few more engage-
ments by the day In private families; only
the best of work done. E. BARSS. 1024
Mission st.
REFINED .North German middle-aged nurse
wishes situation to take care of 2 children;
3 to 6 years; can teach German, plain sew-
ing; references; city or country, short dls-
tance. Box 4467. Call.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day:
Is willing; guarantee satlsraction; carpet
cleaning « specialty; fine laundress; 51 25
day. 174 Fourth st.: one flight, room 10.
GERMAN girl wishes work by the day to help
out in family; Is a good cook and can do
housework; $1 00 to $2 a day and carfare, ac-
cordlng to hours. Address 756 Geary st.
REFINED, educated lady wishes .a position of
trust in city or Los Angeles, or as travel-
Ing saleswoman" for responsible house; refer-
ences given. Box 2649. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish woman not afraid of work
wishes any kind of work by the day. Call
or address 233 California ave., between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth ets.. off Mission.
BY competent girl, housework In small fam-
ily or care of grown children or second work;
wages ?20 to $25. Address 353 Fifth st.
DRESSMAKING in families by a competent
-dressmaker of experience, $135 per day;
references. 1237 Webster St.. nr. Ellis.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like work.
I washing ironing or house cleaning; $1 50
day; good work done. Box 4475. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants cleaning or any
kind of work by the week or month. Ad-
dress L., 440 Cortland ¦ ave.
APPLY, at 520 Bush st. for a first-class cook
on meat and pastry; hotel or restaurant:
best of references. H. W.
YOUNG woman wants work evenings In restau-
rant, bcardlng-house or hotel. Address box
4400, Call.
WOMAN wishes to do light housework and
will assist In cooking; sleep home. Box
2636. Call ofnee.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress, cook and chamber work. Box 4494,
Call office. ¦
COMPETENT and experienced stenographer
wishes permanent position. Box 2644. Call.
REFINED woman wishes position ns house-
keeper for widower and child. Box 41S8, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; understands
general housework and laundry; good refer-
ences. Box 746, Call office. '.
ENGLISH young lady desires engagement as
nurse, or will do upstairs work; no washing
or scrubbing. Box 3498. Call office.
POSITION as traveling companion or chaperon
by middle-aged lady.- Address A. CD., Oak-
land. CaL .
TO photographers— Position by a lady capable
of takinsr entire charge of a studio. Address
I W. W. p.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Position as cashier or any position
of trust by lady who can furnish security
and references; no canvassing. G. L box
1VJ. Call office. .¦ '
GIRL wants a place where she can learn
housework. S Olive court, off Union St., be-
tween Laguna and Buchanan.
COMPETENT laundress wishes 1. 2 or 3 days'
work; can do Iace3; perfect satisfaction; $2
a day. 1071 McAllister st.
HONEST Japanese lady wants situation to do
general housework in family. Address MRS.
v N. ITOW. 51t Pine St.. city.
AN experienced lady cashier wishes a posi-
tion In large Btcre; can furnish first-class
references. Address box 733, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call nt Katon's Bazaar. 633 McAllister Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long ex- j
perience In landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situa-
tion on a private ' place ; references. Box
¦Uy5. Call office.
A STEADY, reliable man desires employment
In country at any kind of light work; several'
years' experience in grocery line; willing and
obliging; moderate salary- Box 4472, Call.
AN energetic Japanese, with experience In plain
cooking, would like to work, $5 a week, in a
private family; steady and faithful. F. N.
431 Stevenson st.; tel. Jessie 2381.
A SOBER, honest, elderly man wants work In
private family to care garden, cow, horse,
etc.; moderate wages to begin with; city or
country; best of references. Box 749, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cutter; also experienced in tail-
1 oring; wl3hes a position: has been cutting in
a prominent house In this city; good ref er-
ences given. Box 4487. Call office.
GERMAN. 32 years, excellent character,
speaks English fluently, willing to earn his
money honestly, steady position In or near
city. Box 4483. Call office.
LINOTYPE operator, competent machinist,
wishes situation; day or night shift; experi-
enced In job work; can care for several ma-
chines. Box 2C45, Call.
WANTED— Position by a middle-aged man
with business education and business experi-
ence; long experience in handling men. Box
4471, Call office. ,
POSITION wanted by a reliable coachman In
the country; thoroughly understands his
business; all-round man about place; good
references. Address L. S., 650 Howard st.
GERMAN, grocery clerk, stock; clerk and book-
keeper, 30 years. 3 years In country, speaks
and writes good English, wants position.
Box 4470. Call.
WANTED— A position to help In kitchen by a
good Japanese boy; $10 to $15 per month.
Address K AI. 528 Stevenson st.
TFOUNG man wants situation: willing: to do
any kind of work In the city: best of ref-
erenees; honest and sober. Box 41CS, CalL .
WANTED — Situation "' as man about place;
tardener; can drive; handy with tools; ref-
erences-Box 2U47, Call.
A. GARDENER, good landscape and propaga-
tor, wishes a situation: first-class reference.
Address PAUL SCHOOF. 763 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG colored man wants work of any kind; I
, janitor • or porter; best ' references. Address
-box 44S2. Call office.
YOUNG man, wants position as clerk In cigar
store; cart give reference. Box 4431. Call. :
PAINTER with tools; day : or job work; rea-
sonable. Address Painter, 1210 Mission st.
A COACHMAN and gardener; all-round man;
good references. Box 264C, Call. •
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy.
HATSUTORI.807 Polk st. .
WANTED — Position as -cook for men, camps, •
etc. -BOX-2KJ7, Call. -• |
YOUNG man, IS - wishes' work. Address W.:
•PROSSEL, 131G Mason st.
A YOUNG man, wants. to Icarn the automobile
business; paid while learning. Box 2«U4, Call.
CHURCH SERV1CT|8. J^^
TRINITY Cfcorcfc. cor. Bush and Gough sts.—
F.e*. Frederick W. CUuapett. D.D., rector.
Kely Communion, 7:60 a. xa. 6unday-schooL
9:80 a. ta- Morslag eerrtce. 11 o'olock; ser-
mon by r«ctor; subject. "The Question cf
the Herearter." Evening service, S o'clock.
Eermcn by Rev. Herbert PaniBh. You are
cor&ally laTltcfl.
CENTRAL Method rt Episcopal Church— Tie
pastor, Geo. VT. White, will apeak at bath
teaming and evening services. The morning
topic will be. "The KJardom of Ood oa
Trial"; In the evening. " The Horrible Pit*
aaa How to Esos.se It" Sunday school at
12:45. Yocrg jwople't tocZeties at C:15.
Opening cosoert, 7:30 to S; tercaea follow-
ing. Seats free. All welcome.
SIMPSON Mesiorial Metbodlst 'Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes end Buchanan streets.
Rev. John Stesheae. pastor. SS8 HaJgbt
ttreet. Tie castor will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. ldoming subject, "The Gcs-
pel AcccrclEjr to Bt John"; evening sub-
ject. "Tfce Book at Uit." 8oo£ay ecliool
at 12:M 9. s* C. B. Perkins, superintend-
ent Eptrortli LecLgae at 6:80 p. to. Dr. R.
O. Moody, gceetaent
PXtYlSOLTU Ctmjrregatlooal Caurch. Poet ;
street, sear Webster. Rar. I. O. Meserv*, ,
D. D., paster. Morning worship at 11. pre- t
coded fcr Sunday school at 0:30. Musloal
festival •er-rtee at 7 :45*p. ra. The choir will
s'of the "AUcnificai" in B fiat (Brackett).
nr.d lUpHnjr's "Becensional" (De Koven).
Mr. 7. C. Smith will ren£w e. tenor solo.
Mies Dorothy Goodsell will sing tfce so>
prra.no «ol3. "I Will Extol Thee, O God."
frcm it* orsOcrio of £11 (Costa), and Hit*
Fiorine Adelle JuUIerai the contralto solo.
The Loru Is My Light" (Allitaeei). Next
Gssday •Teslsg, November 1, the pejtor will
cwRusenoe a series of timely addresses on
"Clrtc and Social Rlrhteousness."
THIRD Congregational Caurch, Fifteenth
-treet. cur Mission. Rev. William Rader.
pastor, will t>reach at both services. 11
a. a.. "The Sacrifices of 2£oral Earnest-
ness"; 7:80 p. m., "The Tribulations of
Peace." Christian Endeavor sodetle* C:80
p. m.; "Wednesday evening meeting 7:<5. *
CALVARY Presbyterian CSrarch. ©orner Jack-
son asd Flllmore streets. Rev. John Hemp-
hill. D. D.. pastor. Slornlnr sen-Ice at 11
o'dook. Rev. Huxii K. Walker. D. D.. cf
Los Ar.relee. moderator of the Synod of
California, will preach. Evening service at
7:80 o'clock. The Rev. J. 8. Macintosh,
J>. D.. anfl Major Geo. A. HUton will
speak. Eabbath echoc! at 0:80 a. m.: or-
cfceatral music. Christian Endes-vor • meet-
leg at 6:80 x». m- Prayer meeting Wednes-
day fvclrc at 8 o'clock. All axe cordially
lcnted. -
riKST Presbyterian CfcurcH. corner Van Ness
avenue and Sacramento street. Notice for
Sur.4ay. October 25. 1803. Rev. M. J. Mc-
Leod, oastcr cf First Presbyterian Church.
Pasadena, will cre&ch at 11 a. ra., and
Major Hilton cf Los Angeles at 7:30 p. m.
FIRST Coagrer&tionaJ Church, corner Po6t and
ilason streets — Rev. George C. Adams,
D. D.. paster, will preach at 11 a. m. ; tcplc,
"Persocal P.fiirion." At 7:45 p. m., a ser-
• vice of nonr; eoeclal music by the choir.
fansuel D. Slayer, organist and director.
AdCrees by the pastor, topic, "Citizenship."
All axe cordially invited.
FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin streets. Rev. Bradford
Leavitt minister. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
and Chas. A. Murdock, superintendents of
Sunday school. Junior church and Sunday
echeols are at 10 o'clock. The morning
eervlce is at 11 o'clock. Rev. Bradford
L*avltt ¦will »reach. Subject, "Happiness."
Music by Quartet under direction of II.
Eretherick, orcar.ist. Parents may leave
children In the kindergarten during service.
All are cordially Invited. There Is no even-
Ing service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner 20th and
Capp sts. <Take Mission or Valencia et. car.)
Rev. Jay William Hudson, minister; resi-
dence, 600 Capp 6t. TTie Sunday school meets
at 8:45 o'clock; W. C. Maxwell, superin-
tendent. The morning service Is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Jay William Hudson will deliver the
last cf the series on the Religion of Great
Men: subject. "The Religion of Emerson."
££uc!c by orchestra and choir, under the di-
rection cf Jablsh Clem«-nt. All the teats are
free. No evening 6ervlce.
F7R£T Baptist. Church. Eddy street, near
Jones. Miss Mary G. Burdette. secretary
Women's Baptist Home Missionary Society,
will eoeak at 11 a. m. Bible school 12:30
T- ra. Christian Endeavor societies meet at
6:30 d. ra. Preaching 7:45 p. m. Midweek
prayer Fervice AVednesdaj-. 7:45 p. m. All
tre cordially Invited.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist Central
block, 223 Sutter st., bet. Kearcy and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject cf lessen-eermon. "Everlasting Pun-
ishment." Sunday school Icr children at the
came hour; Wednesday et'enini? meeting at 8
o'clock; free reading-room, iO6 Kearny st,
roorus 5C9-M0; all are welcome.
'THE PeoDle's Cliurch holds services Sunday
evening? at S o'clock at 223 Sutter street.
Elks' Hall. Central block. Pastor, Mrs.
Anna L. Glllespie.
A GRAND union mass meeting for men ex-
cluslx-cly will be held at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets, this Sunday afternoon at
S o'clock. All seats In the hall free to
young men. A, musical programme will be
riven by the association orchestra. Rev.
H. H. Bell. D D.. will be the speaker.
Subject. "What Shall It Profit a Man." Mr.
McCor's Life Question Bible class will fol-
low the address.
•THE Theosonhical Society— Colonel H. S. Ol-
' cctt. president-founder. Public lecture at S
p. ra. In Golden Gate Hall. Sutter street,
bv C. W. Leadbeater of London. Subject.
"Man Visible and Invisible" (stereopticon
views). Admission 25 cents.
HOME of Truth (practical Christianity). 1231
Pine street, bunds y services 11 o'clock a. m •
evening. 7:45. Week days: Monday, 8 p.
• m.; Tuesday, 3 p. m.
MEBTIKSS SCXDAY.
MME. EEELEY, !n spirit costume; prand flow-
test mei-tinc: good music; Friendship
Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.. S p. ra.; adm. 10c
A— MRS. G1LLINGHAM will read tealed ques-
tions. fe p. m. lx«* Market st.. front halL
• MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night j
10>.- ; private readings daily. <il9 McAllister, j
TYNDALL. to-night. Steinway Hal!. '.£3 Sutter
ft.. "The World Invisible""; psych, demonst.
MRS. STODDAKD gives reliable tests to each
person; Sun.. Tues. : sittings daily. 278 9th.
MRS. i/aRLAND'S circles *venin£s; to-night,
K»c; trance read. SI. 148 Cth; come, ekeptics.
TESTS, front hall. 909 Market; 2-S, Mr. Wil-
•on; 8. Mrr. GlUinzham. Dr. Cowan; 10c.
W. G. KEEXjAN holds test seances every night
< xicpt Sat., 10c; sit.. 10 to 5. 14S Sixth st.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting
to-night. t» o'clock f-harp. 10c. 3250 22d st.
<". V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-nisht,
* o'clock. $1. 1084 Bush et.
EARLJTS grand slate and test stance to-nirht
Hl.%2 Cllis St.:
SCXDAY LECTCn.ES.
AA— DR. JOHN A. ICERGANS free lecture
•his evening. Crystal Hall Pythian Castle.
ao» Market st. Subject. "The Nose and
Throat." followed by magnificent views in
th* realms of art; free tickets will be dis-
tr.butrd for X-Ray exhibition Tuesday eve.;
retnembt-r the question box; special music.
DR - »- «- TANNER will lecture at Academy
or beience Hall Sunday evening at 8 o'clock
on "The Great American Sensation," as his
40 days' fast in New York in 1SS0 was call-
ed. The doctor has lectured In same hall
three eights durins the past week to packed
houses.
'"AMI TP-IGUNATITA will deliver his thir-
teenth and last lecture of a series on "How
. :•> See God" to-night. » o'clock; admission,
i3c. 40 Stdner *t; Nedamta. Society.
O. N. ORLOW will deliver the rejrular Sunday
lecture in Golden Gate Hall (35 Sutter et
East Hall, main entrance, at 6 this evening
on "The Power cf Mind in the Mastery of
rate." Good music and vocal solos. Free.
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown •
•Questions." Odd Fellows' building 8pm
tharp.
FXXWSn THOMAS McGRADT. noted orator
¦ t Alhan-.bra Theater this evg. at 8; free.
FREE thought mretlns to-night. Odd Fellows'
blJg. 13r. Anrae Barrens. lecturer.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
riDELITY Lodjte No. 222. I. C. O. „— ...
F.— The K«;s<-f Board will visit ;:°£fcg*N&£
•U'.r li-Jce MONDAY EVENING, ~**ic*3frS&$
the 2Cth. Vuitors welcome. ~'-^a5.ff&^
J. P.. CASSIDY. N. G.
W. II. MITCHELL, Rec. Sec.
FIDELITY Jm6sc Ho. 222. I. O. O. ,-»,•,„
F.— Officers :tnu members. >'°u.-~" iftfifepjSb.
:iro rbqueti.d :./ a'tiuu the "fu-'^'TrjtJfiy^J
ner«!'cf our !ate brother. AN- "^StCf5>^
r>nE\v onxAN. oa Monday, at 9:so a
m. charp, rrom Memorial Hall.
,_W lJ£ _mTaiELL: £cc CA st IDY - * °-
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
proomn from E. C. Kavanaugh and W'iliam
!I. DvCey. m rv.U Ips mji,-. near Forest
Hill. 1'Ifc.eer County. CaL; drafning Into MIs-
ecuri Cr«-c!:. which reaches American River
• nil 1 from North America Consolidated Gold
Stlnlss Ccrcpany. in its mine near Gib«on-
vlile. Sitrra Cosn*y. Cal.. draining into west
H-asch of Slate Creek, which reaches Tuba
RJvcr. pives notice «i:*t meeting- will te held
•t room 9C. Flood i>ul!dii;:r. S.an Frar.ciace
Cai.. November 2. l»03. at 1:30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cell, lfl r-aSM. *ent to any address tn tht
L'r.:tcd EUtea cr Cscad» v* vcar for |L i
MEETING NOTICES—- Continued.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thlstl* v %?Su
Club will hold Its 22d annual Hal-^S Cfcfe?
loween ball. FRIDAY EVENING.
October SO. 1903. at Lyric Hall. 1 *'
119 Eddy st Everybody welcome. A cala
time assured to alL Good music. Grand
march at 8:30 P. m. Admission (payable at
floor), 25 cents. Hat and cloak rooms at dl»-
V. MILLER. Royal Chltf.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
AG ENTS WANTED. \'J
BEGIN business for yourself; we start you In
profitable mall-order business 'at your home:
pleasRnt work; Immense profits; unlimited
possibilities; full Information for stamp.
FRANKLIN-HOWARD CO.. Denver. Colo.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition Oiat is
& decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott bldg.
BEND us a dime for our book "Key to Suc-
cess Jn the Mall Order Business." Pacific
Book Co.. 120 Sutter t. San Francisco, CaL
attouneys-at-law.
~" "advice free.
old established
columbian law & collection agency
Able attorneys. Rm. S3. 916 Market, oppo-
site Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
end reasonably. Collections, no matter how
tma.ll. attended to; attachments; bonds fur-
nished: corporstlona organized; civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John 6226. Open evgm. by ap-
polatment We solicit an Interview with you.
ADVICB FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEAR3.
Divorcts a specialty. Private. Quick.;.!
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
O. W. HOWE,
Attorney ana Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to ft. Phone Jessie 4711.
Offices on First Floor — Rooms 1. 2, 8, • and 6.
1122 Market Bt, Between Mason and Taylor.
Almost Opposite "Bale's" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Ino.
Practice In Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustment*, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
Cll 611A. D11B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2028.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ROBT. W. KINO, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc : consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenlnrs by appointment TeL Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees ta advance; open every even-
lcg. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market tt.. r. 3L
Wamer Temple. 93 Chronicle big.; bankruptcy,
accidents, probate, matrimonial: labor liens.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected, $5. 916 Market.r.52. phone Black 051.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612.
Parrott bldg.; phone South C55.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
ings. 027 Market St.. room 801.
I- 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ct: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN * AITXEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
C!unle bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market
AUTOMOBILES.
1903 KNOX for sale; run less than 100 miles;
great bargain. Box 4479. Call office.
I BUSINESS CHANCES.
THE enormous profits -^ade In the manufacture
cf eugar Is not generally understood and
ei predated; let us send you & little book
showing how a few dollars each month can bs
invested in a safe, conservative, straightfor-
ward business enterprise which will pay enor-
mous dividends In a comparatively rhort
time. N» oil well, race horse, gold mine or
Rambling f.-hrme; best bank reference; suiid
for pamphle*. it will pay you to know mere
about It. Continental Sugar Refining Co.,
St. Lculs. Mo.
BETTER your financial condition now — Invest-
Rienu of $20 and upward have resulted in un-
usually forge average returns In the past
jvar. <Vnn rvative methods and vast ex-
perience ai < ? responsible for our remarkable
sorco-s: can l.iindlc your own money; capi-
talized for $1CC.OOO; National Bank reference.
"Write for particulars. STAR & CRESCENT
CO.. 226 La. Salle St.. Chicago.
FOR sale — T'urnlture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms.
In the city's swellest locality ;• partly fur-
nished, and althogh Just opened ie over half
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease: If you want an apartment house don't
fall to get particulars of this at rooms 1404
and 1405. Call building.
FOR sale — An old and well-established grocery
and feed business, on one of the best corners
In Oakland, with stock, fixtures, large lot and
Improvements, consisting of two btores,
dwellings, stable, windmill. i a nk and abund-
ant supply of water. For further particulars
apply to P. J. KENNEDY. 11 Montgomery
Et.. Ssn Francisco.
MONEY placed with us earns a steady week-
ly income; write lo-day for our booklet on
Modern Speculation; bank, financial and cus-
tomers' references. MACK Commission Co.,
Mack block. Milwaukee, Wls.
GOLDEN opportunity; could not be better; hog.
chicken and duck ranch near the 7-Mile
House, oft the Mission road; everything com-
plete to make nil kinds of money; must bts
«=old at barirain. Box 44S8, Call office.
WHEAT we think the best investment on the
list; $20 margins, 1000 bu. 2 cents; send for
free book. Facts and Figures, explaining op-
tion trading. OSBORN GRAIN CO., Minne-
apolis, Minn.
RAISE squabs for market; pays big money on
lar^e or email outlay; quick returns; small
space: little trouble; unlimited scope; free
booklet all about them. MILFORD PIGEON-
FvY CO., Boston. Mass.
HAVE you ever lost money speculating? It eo
we recover It for you; write before Investing
your money; we know the fakers. Investors'
1 Protective League. 119 La Salle, st, Chicago.
j Illinois.
FOR sale — A Bood grocery business; centrally
located; stock about $7000. For further par-
ticulars apply to J. J. SCHUTY. care HAAS
BROS., 100 California st, San Francisco. •
THREE-QUARTER Interest In old -established
importing. exporting and manufacturing
business, shipping to all parts of United
States and the Orient. Box 2652, Call.
$1000 CASH, balance same as rent, for corner
grocery and bar; less than stock and fixtures:
running 9 years; with two-story cottage, 6
rooms and bath; lot 25x100. 21st & Douglass.
STATIONERY store; Invoice; exclusive agency
3 S. F. and 2 Sacramento papers, also route
400 subscribers; good town. MOSSMAN,
room 411. Examiner bulldlnsr.
WANTED — Immediately; lady to go to St.
Louis to run lodging-house; big money; must
have some ready money. Address lock box
117. Fruitvale. Cal. -.. ;:
GO to Thunder Mountain for gold; our company
has It; Join us; prospectus free; stock cheap
R. B. HIGEEE, Germania Life bldg., bt.
Paul. Minn.
WE secure charters and capital for corpora-
tions; underwrite and guarantee stocks and
bonds. Interntl. Bonding Co., Pittsburg, Pa.
WOULD like to buy part Interest or whole In
a good-paying- business; small town or coun-
try; give particulars. Box 2651. CalL_
RESTAURANT and oyster house. 108 Seventh
. et. ; going in another business.
POULTRY ranch for sale; 400 laying hens and '
fixtures. 377 Ninth st. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Rosedale Exchange; flrst-claes sa-
loon; doing good business*. 1425 Market st
FOR nal« — Blacksmith, horseshoeing and wheel-
wright chop and residence in fine fruit and
farming country; ail up-to-date machinery:
doing fine business; must sell on account of
poor health; $4250. Box 85, Guinda, Cal.
LEAVE OVERCROWDED OCCUPATIONS.
Something new. refined and healthful; small
capital required. Address 240 Michigan ave.
Chicago, care of Athletic School, suite 13.
GOOD bakery in country town to let; account
c-f other business. 40S McAllister st.
FRUIT ctore: 2 horses: 2 wagons; must be
gold: slckncys. Call 1545 Geary st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOU SALE. ;
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140... $4000
PS rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 looms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. S50
11 100ms; good income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
J20 room*; good lease; low rent 6500
C7 rms.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
FOR sale — Apartment bouse: central locatlon-
r.o scents. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co.. 123-
132 -Ellis Et
FOR eaie— First-class lodging-house: central
location: no scent*. A. B. SMITH Furniture
Co.. 12S-:S2 Ellis et
FOR rale — European hotel; central location; no
a*»nta. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128-132
Ellis *t <
A 7-ROOM house: well furnished; must sell at
once; eusy terms. 411 Larkin st.
Must sell, account sickness. 12-room lodgtng-
house; 231 Golden Gate ave.; full; a bargain.
co VJ L > SCT f O " OFFICES. ~~~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. <I5 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; teL 05S0.
HELP WA5TED— FEMALE— Co«U^
4 COOKS,- $30 and $35: cook. -plain washing.
$45; German cook. $35; housework girl, $35:
nurse. 2 Infants. $25; 2 nursegirls, $25; maid
and seamstress. $25; 2 waitresses, country
hotel.1 $25; housework, Ean Rafael, $30; San
Jose, $35; laundress, - $25 : 2 parlormaids. $30;
housework. Haywards, $30; 3 chambermaids
and waiting, $20; kitchen helper. $25; house-
work, Berkeley. 1 $30; and a large number of
girls to call Monday to nil nice positions In
both city and country: good wages. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 834 Sutter st
SEWERS wanted on ladles' tailor-made suits.
In factory or at home; also a first-class la-
dies' fitter. 27C0 Mission, corner of Twenty-
thlrd. BAUER MFG. CO.
LADIES to do piecework home: we furnish
materials: pay from $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co.. 34 E. Mon-
roe St.. Chicago.
BOOKBINDERY experienced hands and paU
apprentices; good chance for advancement.
John Kitchen Jr. Co.. 514 Commercial st.
A— WANTED— Operators on ladles' and chil-
. dren's underwear; good pay. 656 Mission st..
third floor. . ¦_
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's coats
and woolen dresses; good pay. 656 Mission
St.. 3d floor. ' :
WANTED— Finishers and sewers for cloak and
suits; high wages; steady work. "RATNER,
144 Union square, opp. Union Square Parlrr
LADIES to write letters; $25 a 100. Addressed j
envelope to American Novelty Co., Dept
101, - South Bend. Ind. I
LADIES haying doylies, centerpieces, Batten-
berg and drawn work to sell, address Ladies' !
Exchange, 34 D. Monroe st. Chicago. !
A GIRL wanted for ehamberwork and sewing:
wages $30: city reference: call between 2 j
and 6. 621 Leavenworth st. j
A— WANTED— Operators on ladles' waists. 636
Mission st. third floor.
A— WOMEN wanted to do embroidery work at
home; bring sample. 656 Mission st. 8d floor.
REFINED woman by wholesale house. Boat
4477. Call office. "
WAITRESS and parlormaid; $25: Sunday and
Monday, between 10 and 12. 1713 Jackson.
WANTED— Apprentices and Improvers at
dressmaking. Call Sunday. 1615 A Clay st
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
Call Monday, 0 to 12. 417 Capp. near 10th-
GIRLS wanted to pack pickles. 1123 Howard
street. .- ; o-r -¦': '-.
WANTED— A good waitress. 20 Fourth st.
WANTED — Ladles that have some spare time
for real estate business. 314 Montgomery,r.3.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building. rv:'-::V
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken:
eteady work: good wages. The John Bollman
Co., corner Front and Pacific sts.
OPERATORS and finishers on white shirts.
ROGERSOX'S. 535 Valencia St.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; giod wages.
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento et.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 802 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
BygLJP^JWANTED— JJALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620— Sacramento st. — 520
Cor. Leldesdorff st. Phone Main 1191.
Office open to-day, 10 to 12 tn.
Carpenter, mine, see boss here, very long <
Job, $4 day. Call to-day.
Men, watch our ads In to-morrow's (Mon-
day) papers. Your Job will be there. Call
and read our bulletin boards: also get a list
of Jobs at PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGEN-
CY. 520 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st, nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVA DA.
¦ RENO, GOLCONDA. RYNDON.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
4 men for rock quarry, $2 25 a day.
CHICO, BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare. $2 SO.
12 teamsters. J2 50 a day.
10 laborers. $2 25 a day. :
l."> teamsters, $75 a month. '¦
Ship to-day; fee 51. I
CAL EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st. j
A— TEN carpenters with tools $3 50 J
500 laborers $2
Board $4 50 week Free fare
All for State of Nevada.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Employment Office
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
SALESMEN In every city to sell retail trade
and take orders from Jobbers for our new
package of 'penny chewing" gun; beautiful
goldentlne ring, wears like gold, set with
perfect Imitations of precious stones, all col-
ors; 1 ring given with every package for lc;
children cry of "em: sells like wildfire to
every store; sample box, 100 rings. 1 00 rack-
ages gum, to any address, 60c. Write quick
If you want exclusive territory, AUSTIN
MFG. CO.. Providence, R. I.
: WANTED — Insurance solicitors; something
new, popular and safe; the best out; pays
the holder to carry and the solicitor to sell;
If you are a business getter we can interest
you. Address Mutual Protective League,
Lltchfleld, 111., or J. H. BURTNER. Man-
ager, Coast Department. Pomona, Cal.
A GOOD position is offered to a reliable man
who has a large acquaintance among prop-
erty owners: if a good solicitor, he can build
up a good payintr business with a responsible
' Eastern company. Address P. O. box 2094.
RELIABLE young men In Central and North-
ern California to represent an established in-
stitution; state exr>erlence and references;
permanent engagement, -stth guarantee. Ad-
dress room 30S. Emma Spreckels bldg., S. F.
¦ TRAVELING salesman for California: no tech-
nical knowledge, but active, all-round hust-
ler; established, well rated house. Box 524,
Detroit. Michigan. ..;.-
WE paid one salesman this year from January
to July $1506 commission selling Weir's
White Lead as side line: write for proposi-
tion. D. T. WEIR WHITE LEAD CO., St.
Louis, Mo.
WHOLESALE grocer wants assistant shipping
clerk: must have experience, write legibly
and rapidly. Address, giving references and
stating salary expected, box 4473, Call office.
SALESMEN — New side line; sells to every
business; sample cases free; commission 23
per cent: company established 1723. Address
L. N. CO.. 4 East 125th St.. New York.
SALARY $20 per week and expenses advanced
for a good, reliable, energetic man to travel
for an old-established house: references and
security required. Box 271, Sacramento, Cal.
AN Intelligent office boy wanted for lawyer's
office; must write a good hand and live with
parents. Address, stating age, box 2638
Call office.
JOB compositor— First-class man only; steady
Job. Apply 3596 Twenty-first St.. corner
Church. Sunday, between 10 and 12.
WANTED — Manager and buyer for large up-
holstery and curtain store; state experience
and salary expected. Address box 2635, Call.
WANTED— Night cashier 'and steward; must
understand restaurant business; sober and i
have good references. Box 2654, Call.
DETECTIVES— Everywhere; good salary; no
experience. International Detective Agency
Milwaukee, Wls. •
TRAVELING men to take Al line as side line,
calling on furnishing goods trade, clothiers
and dry goods. JULES AP.OX 4O4 Market
WANTED — Salesman and solicitor In prominent
real estate office; wases, commission and
buggy. Box 44S9. Call. .
WANTED — Experienced traveling salesman for
California; we want a talesman. Address
Drawer S. Chicaso.
TR AV ELING salesman for California to sell
staple line to country merchants; good pay
, - and contract. Box 60S, St. Louis, 'Mo.
WANTED— Everywhere, hustlers trt tack signs,
distribute circulars. samDle*. etc.; nn can-
vafslng; good pay. Sun Adv. Bareau. Ch 'ca go.
WANTED — Man in all good towns to place
and operate slot machines. Box 44S0. Call,
Oakland office. -/.-¦..
WANTED — First-class hardware salesman of
experience. Apply CHAS.BROWN & SON,
S07 Market st. ¦ .
WEAVER wanted: exoerienced In rar carpet
' and rug. weaving. Inquire at 70!) Fifth st.
Oakland. - - ¦
BARBER trade tausht In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 647. Commercial st
WANTED — A lunch waiter. 331 Bay st
WANTED — 2 painters at 7S4 Harrison st.
BRIGHT, active boy of 10 to 18 for wholesale
house. Box 735, Call office.
BOYS .wanted. GREENBERG & GREEN-
HEKG. Geary and Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— -MALE— Continued.
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY.
A— MURRAY * READY. 634-638 Clay st.
Phone Main 5348.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1302 we g»v» 1003 we'll rive
45,000 mea work. 80,000 men ware
ARIZONA.
1 ARIZONA.
Oregon. ' NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
Oa Every Train.
Section bands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Mines. Tunnels. Quarries.
Miners all over State. $90 and $S2 50.
• Stables. Farms, Orchards. Dairies-
Farm and orchard hands. $30. $35, $40 fd. ;
milkers, $30 to $50 found.
Choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc.. $30.
Stablemen, city and country Jobs. $30 to $G0.
Sawmills, Woods —
Laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to $70
found.
365 woodchoppers.
287 ttemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods.
1 mills, etc.. from $50. $70. $80. $90. $100. $123
I to $150 month.
Cooks. "Walters. Porters.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country. $25 to $40 found.
Butchers, different Jobs. $4O to $9O found.
j Mechanical —
= 2 coooers. factory. 20o fare, $3 23 day."
• Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many In San Francisco. $2 25.
0 slack coopers. 9c; S cabinetmakers.
; TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company. $40 to $55 fd.
OREGON..
i Coal miners. Oregon. Free fare.
85 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $3 a day
6 boys, learn trades, $5. $8 and $7 a week.
Pruner, orchard, fare $1, $32 50.
Tailor. Institution. $20 and found.
2 bell boys, first class. $23 and found.
Painter and paperhanger. $3 50 day.
Steward. $75 and commission,
for first-claas rrlll restaurant.
Stock clerk, city, $10 week.
Farm hand. Los Angeles district, $30 fouad.
Young man, drive light wagon, city, $30 to
$10.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
" ~ FRESNO TO-DAY.
28 woodsmen. $40 to $00 and found.
65 laborers for mills, yards. $1 SO day found.
South — Beautiful — South.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
ALL FREE FARE.
*~Blg good sawmill company. '
Donkey boss. $100.
28 laborers; you'll suit. $33 to $S3 and found.
28 woodsmen. $50 to $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Ctay st.
EL— D.— CO.
25 laborers, lumber company, $43 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay st.
12 LIVE pullers for woods. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
28 more men to grade B. I* R. R.. $45 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay st.
carpenters! ———————— —
4 carpenters, fare $1. S3 50 a day.
3 carpenters. 60c fare. $3 a day.
IB carpenters, flume work. $73.
12 carpenters' helpers. $3 fare. $67 50.
Harnessmaker. contractor's outfit. $3 to. $3 SO.
6 carpenters, fare 70c. $90.
3 carpenters, flume work, fare paid both
ways $90: hammer and hatchet men will d<>.
MURRAY & READY. C34-638 Clay at.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FRER
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 CTay st.
155 LABORERS.
SPANISH. PORTUGUESE. GREEKS.
ITALIANS. AUSTRIAN'S. FRENCH.
To ballast and grade track. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARIZONA. 903 MILES.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
TO- DAT— $0.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
$75. Four-horso teamsters^
$75. You'll suit; go to-da?.
Cost you $1. That's all.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay st.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency,
63S Commercial st.
; " • " Free Fare — Free Fare.
SO tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
Long job: eight months* work.
Free fare — Ryndon. Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
- N 63S Commercial at.
A BUTLER for a private family. $45; a groom
for a private stable, $35 and found, refer-
ences necessary: a second butler for easy
place. $35. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
st.. nr. Powell; call after 9 Monday mornlii-.
EXPERIENCED doorman for domestics, wash
goods, linens and blankets: state experience
and salary expected: must be thoroughly
posted on above lines. Address box -«47\
Call office.
I WANT the services of three bright, capable
salesmen: men who want a position and can
sell; good money to those who are compe-
tent. Box 2650, Call office.
MEN everywhere: good pay; to distribute cir-
culars, adr. matter, tack signs, etc.; no can-
vassing. National Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
$1.00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. Tho
manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladles' and men's
dress shoe known desire men and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW, re-
markable sight selling health and comfort
features; original selling plan; possibilities
unlimited. NO RISK.* Write to-day.
Kushlon Komfort Shoe CO.. 1155 Market St..
San Francisco. Cal.
HOUSEHOLD novelty; 100.000 sold In Milwau-
kee; bis profits; exclusive field; free sample;
salary. Edgren Mfg. Co.. Milwaukee. Wia.
$32 A WEEK salary and expenses for men
with rigs to sell poultry compound. Imperial
Mfg. Co.. dept. 54, Parsons. Kans.
MAN with references to travel and call on
merchants and agents: experience not re-
quired; salary $24 week, expenses . advanced.
• National. 330 Dearborn st., Chicago. ; - '
WANTED — An experienced bookkeeper for a
factory In the country. Address "ExperJ-
ence." box 2032. Call office.
WANTED — A Jobbing gardener; must under-
stand his business: married man preferred.
Address P. O. box 576. Eureka, CaL
$?5. PER month and traveling expenses paid
salesman to sell to grocers; experience un-
necessary. PURITY CO.. Chicago.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a gool
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 483 Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
STEADY German; refs.; tend bar, make him-
self useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall chrjr*. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — A young man experienced In sell-
Ing children's furnishings In a retail store.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st. •
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done tor 25c. 3ua
and 60c. while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d ats.. or 11 Third st?
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine Corps. able~
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must «peak. read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations t.t
- the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, CaL, ana
401 K St.. Sacramento. CaL
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. ¦635 Clay St. '
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and • laborers.
Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery st. Saa
Francisco. Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. : 1_4
years' practice; refererces from thousands <w
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
FIRST-CLASS showcasi maker; also cabinet
maker: only those thoroughly 1 understanding
the trade need apply. 1153 Mission st
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. T41A Howard st. (
MAN to learn the barber trade: first-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d <•
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40 Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.K.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Eurona and
Amtralta. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CI4ASSIFIED advertisements and subser!'>tlonj
received at Call branch office. 22OO Flllmoro.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while watting: 23a
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st aird 2d st*
/Mona L. aad Lea Bleakniore to Helena F
Eleakmcre. lot oa SW lin# «f Mateo street. 50
NW of Chenery. NW 23 by SW 112. lot 154
block 6, FainnocEt: al-«> lot on SW Ii-e of
Mateo street. 73 SE cf Laidley. SE 23 by «W
112. lot Za, Week «. same: $10. '
Oliae and Thcnsas Ulsaker to S. Ducas Com
pany »ccrj»;rattor>. lot on W line of Koeciu-co
street. 2C«* S cf Crescent. S 50 tjy TC 70 lots
232 asd 234, Holiday map A; $10
Builders* Contracts.
N. Mimis* <owner> with Wtlliam Llttln I
(contractor ajid architect) — All work for ake-a- '
tiou and additiccs ta a two-story frame bu-*-*
i"r at 2*1O Washiasrtsn street; i2O».
Mary M. MUI«r <crwaer) with Cox Bros (con
tractors), architects All work for a two
story and basement frame bulldiaa; cn V tin*
ef Seventeenth street, 85 W cf Voc w "i tZ
K 105; $4SK. ' *** Dy
Esther. M. Wlfaen (owner) wlta Maarruai &
Otter fecntractors), architects Cucnin^liazn. *
Pollteo— Steam beatint; for a four-story an* 1
basement frame bdldina- oa SW corner of Pa I
ctac avenue ar.i Broierick street, W 73 by S '
James I* Floexl (owner) with GUddlnr Me
B*aa 4k Ctx (cnatractors). architect Albert
Pissls-Ccncrete alias; f 3r cjmt* now Se«rSc5?
ed fcr bclldlna- oa NE ccm«r of Powell »-*
Eddy street,. E 22:<!t,. N - E i^6:«% vw «2^v
N ll*:l!Ti W 137:tf>. S 273; S3*SS. a^ v *'
Befclow Estate Company fowners) with \«.
Ueaal Electric Company (contractors) a-?-»
teet Wmtam Curl*tt-E>ctrtc lampi' U^i.
seTen-stary and tumram tuiWlna- on S Iia^ A
tfeg '^^ ~ : ' E ° f K"b S ,S§!:g
Wusiier Brewt-a- Ccmnany (oTrnerO with'p
Ncoie (contractor), architect Au/liarit^a—
Castiroa aad «teel work for reia^deiSrS^^
house cn Scott and Greenwich streets; $3fST^
One of our readers tells oscfa damsel
going to church with her parents and ex
claiisin** suddenly: "Buck up! Old
Blani-, at the Jljrjrer." In EdgWthian '
EngUsh this would run: "I prar you
dear Barents, hasten yotir steps. I can
hear the organist playing the voluntary ••
—London Glafce
¦ Missica Transfer and Rennina; Company to I
California Tttle Insurance and Trust Compaay j
lot oa W line of Pennsylvania street 130 N ot '
Maripcsa. N 199; W IO). N 1C0, W t». stv t»i
pciat oa Mississippi. 153 :« N cf MariDesa. S '
3:«» E 2U>; $10. *^^ j
Frank W. aad Emma. A. Fuller to A L. S
B»whay. lot on NW corner of Twenty-first '
avenue and Lake street. W 32:6 by V IOO- !
$1230. * '
A. L. Ecwiay to William S. Downi=x. same- I
$10-
Solcmon and Dora Getr to Ida M. and G»ory« [
F. Reed, lot en E line of Tenth avenue 223 S '
of J street, S^ br B 120; *m
Bridget Colin to Ccmelius J. and Margaret
Clark, let cn NE liae of Cotter street, 425 \w ;
cf Mission. N~W 25 by NE ICO, block 6, Acad- i
•say tract; $10.
Delia Albertsca (Hall) to Henaacn J. Kle- '
•er, lot on N"W corner of Old San Jose road I
aad Ea?t Plymouth street, N to Sayamcn* E
to Old San Jose read. SW to be«;inninc- $1. '
Philippe and Elizabeth Gibeau to Katie and
Henry Bauer, lot cn SS lire of London street. !
73 NE of Persia avenue. NE 23 by SE ICO
block 12. Eicelslcr Homestead; $10
Charies S. and Maria C. Kittredye to So
ptie llcftij-. lot on SE comer of Sacramen-o
and Laurel streets. E SO by S S2:7H: aiso lot
cn S line cf Sacramento street 112 6 E of
Laurel. E 23 by S 132:7*4: Jl-T
Jcfca F. aims to Georee V> Uiiams let oa W
1'ne of Shctweil stwr, V> X of Tweaty-secorid
N 27:* by \V 122 A; $10. '
O. P. and Mary S. cr Mary Thaller fforraeriy
Mary Staui). Fr»<iertck cr Frederick A. Staud.
Frank Staud or Sta.ade ar Frank Stiuds Jr cr
Frank Staud to William B. and Edward H
Lycns. let cn S line of Nineteenth street **!;»
W of Valencia, W 2S ty S IOO; $10.
Catherine H. Spencer to Jccn Van Baaren.
lot ca W line or San Jose avenue, Z3 S of
El^afc<sth street. W 70:3. 3 SH.l^. E 6«:», V
to tegianJxs;; $10.
Cuneo & Ccsta Company 'corporation) ta
Alrrander W. Wtlsca. lot oa S ltae of Sacra
menta street. T3:tJ E of Pow-U, E 33 S 137 U
W W:4^, N tS:3, W 23:7U. >' es:9; $10.
Georj- N. ¦Williams to Otto A. Creamer. lot
ca S line o? Paolac street, 165 W of Taylor W
113:<{. S I07:C. E 5:% S 3D. E 110. N 137:«- $10
Bessie R. O. Wiisca to A. W. WiLson, lot
on NW corner of D street and First av*nu» N
3S2:l :! :i r W 1C4. S ltjO. \V 20. S 133: 10 SW
U<i:-^t,. S 155. E 211:3; a^o lot on SW corner
cf Turk and Taylor streets. V? l.TT:« by S 137:5
alio let cn NE cora-r of O'Farrell aad Williani
street*. E 2S by N (2:«; also lot on SE corner
cf Mascn and Eddy streets. E 173 by S 9'*:6:
$10.
Charles H. and Rhinette Mcrrell to Miry A
Crichtcn (wife of Peter). lot cn N Uae o f
O'Farrea street, 31:3 E cf Larkia, E 23 by V
137 :«; $10.
Laura M. Dili to Dencker-tKU Company
CGecrye M. Dtil and Jchn P. Denckerj, lot ca
SE line of Hcarard street. 3-49:4 SW of Third
SW 2O by SE L37:«; Kift_
Mary Harris. LllUe Harris <wtf e of Her
man). Lena and Joseph C. Harris to- same.
eaa:e; S10.
Oscar K. Ferrnsca to Albert Meyer lot ca
N lire of Lombard street J.S3 \V at Laruna.
"W 27:3 by N li>: J10.
Miry A. f-nd Peter Crichtoa to Charles H.
Morreil. lot en S Use- of Suiter street 163 E
cf Stcintr. E £3 by 3 U$7:<}; $10.
S. or Samuel ani Liaie or Usi Robitscher
to Hans and Hot-tense E. Hando. lot on S line
of aceiner street. 57:8 N cf Turk. N 25 by
E ft7 : 6 ; $T0.
City and County of Son Francisco to EJwia
f~^. u^ er v lot cn x lia * ct California, street,
125:0 W of Steiner. VT 23 by N 120; 1
Charles P. and Marcella Ingram to Jacob
and Kaxharina. Schmitt. Ijt ca » lin* of Grove
street. 162:* W of Lyon. W 23 by S i:i7:<J;
Jeremiah K. Shuey to Edward T. aad Rosa
lie L. Morris, lot cn NE corner of Frederick
aad WUlar-i streets. N Ss:«»5 £ 2S S 91 " W
2; $10
SATTTRDAT. O«rTOBER 24.
Henry E. Harris and Hulda. Adoiph fHarrii)
(wife cf Jake) ti> Jacob Levy, lot oa N line
cf Turk street. 2ti«:3 W of Franklin. W 3S:»
by N 137 :ii; $10.
illcaie E Jo««sh (Harri*) (wife cf L.) to
same, same; J10.
EZAL ESTATE TBA2«SACTI0XS.
COUNTY PLANS
TO HOLD WATER
Santa Clara Property
Owners Form Or
ganization.
go ahead with the proposed work the
fruit lnt«rests of the valley *could staf
fer. The Bay Cities Company has of-
fered to supply San Francisco and Oak
land with ICtXCCO.OOO gallons of water
dally and It was the firm determination
of the meeting- to prevent this if possible.
An injunction will be applied for In the
courts shortly.
It was reported at the meeting that a
notice was recently served* en the Bay
Cities Company that they must not take
the water out of the county and that If
they persisted the courts would be ap
pealed to. This, however, has had no ef
fect, as since the notice was served more
large wells have been commenced and the
work of development has »one right
along.
Two more claims to the water of Santa
Ctera County were filed to-day by E. G.
Wheeler, the promoter of the Bay Cities
Water Company. In the office of the
County Recorder. One is for 100.000 Inches
of .water in the Uvas Creek through the
Dunne ranch, and the other data?- 1SO.C00
inches of the wajer In the Llagas Creek.
in the vicinity of the Lion ranch. These
waters are to b« conducted by means of
canals Into a big" reservoir to be built at
Coyote station. Dimensions of the canals
are to be sixty-five feet wide asd serea
feet deep. It is claimed the waters are to
be csed for irrigation purposes and for
domestic cse In the cities and towns of
the county.
Tramp— Please, mom, d'ye- waster bey
anything la ray line?
Housekeeper — Totrr line, eh? You don't
mean to say you are trying 1 to ears' an
honest livtss at last?
"Tes'm."
"Well. I declare: What are yon seU
ing?"
"Dog chains, mum."*— New York Weekly.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. i. ¦.¦"„¦•-•'
SatordaT. October Z4.
Brir J D Ssreckel*. XcXetl. 5 ian frcxa
WUlapa. Harbor.
SAIT'ET). ,
Saturday. October 24.
Etar Scotia. Ericiwn, Baieens TandJrr-
Stmr South Coact. Clsea. Caspar.
OUTSIDE. BOUXO VS. 12 MIDXICHT.
Selxr WUUara OImo.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT TOWX5»*D- Arrived Oct 24— Bark
Hecla, fc*ace Oct T. far Port Hadlock.
Sailed Oct 24 — Br «hlr> Oaatock Bock, from
Wfcatcoza. for Case Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN' JOSE. Oct. 24.— The property own
ers of the Uvas, Coyote and LJagas water
sheds this afternoon formed a permanent
organization to prevent the Bay Cities
Water Company from diverting the wa
ters of Santa Clara Valley to San Fran
cisco and Oakland. About 2Q0 of the
large property owners of the section af
fected were present at the meeting in
Hale'3 Hali thi3 afternoon. Thousands of
acres of land In the vicirAy of the water
cornpany's.«development work at Coyote
Station, ten miles south of this city, were
represented. E. A. Hayes presided and
A. T. Herrmann was secretary.
• It was decided to form aa organization
to be known as the Home Protective As
sociation. An assessment 13 to be levied
of 3>1 cent3 per acre on the members to
take the matter Into the courts. This as
sessment Is to te paid In Installments as
needed. - A targe number of members
signed the rotl. E. A. Hayes wa3 elected
president and the committee appotated*at
the last meeting was made the permanent
executive committee. This committe Is
composed of the following: J- Q- A. Bal-
Iou. J. R- Lewis. J. . R- Kocher, P. H.
Cordes and D. L. Flyndt. The executive
committee will name a secretary and take
further steps to advance the organization.
Another, meeting will be shortly held at
the call of the chair.
A. T HerrmaniTmade a speech explain
ing the plans of the Bay Cities Company
and claimed that the erection of an un
derground dam at Coyote Station as pro
posed would rob the ranchers of the val
ley of their supply of water. It was
claimed the artesian wells would be af
fected and If the company was allowed to
la a plaster of paris' mold. After havlrg
rendered him &s comfortable as possible I
departed. leaving word for his father to
come and s«e me upon bis return and to
-s«nd his | family physician, to ' whom I
¦would explain the case as I. had femnd It..
"But at that time the. plaster of raris
method had Just been Introduced, and the
father was so pleased at the nice appear
ance of the limb that he asked rae to take
the case. This I gladly did. There was a
successful recovery.- no shortening of the
limb or . evil results, and this triumph
made my reputation la that .neighbor
hood. From this case I date the begin
ning cf my career.**
"I well remember my first case," *aid
another, "for it came only after long
and anxious waiting. At the beginning of
ay career I settled near the hospital,
-where I was an externe, to practice there
during Intervals In my professional duties.
But the presence of several old physicians
in the neighborhood, together with my ex
tremely youthful and Inexperienced ap
pearance handicapped me. and I was com
pelled to speed most of ray time at the
hospital. As this work was purely gratia
It gave little material . satisfaction.
"But one day a small boy In the neigh
borhood undertook to fly -a kite, and to
facilitate the operation . climbed upon the
roof of the shed kitchen.' In his enthusi
asm he felL sustaining a compound frac
ture of the thigh and a fracture of the
outer table of the skull. As none of the
other doctors were In I waa summoned as
a last resort. -
"Upon my arrival I found the mother
and Cather of the injured boy away and
six women in attendance, who watched
with great anxiety erery movement of
the *boy doctor.*. When I admlnlst-jred
the . chloroform they, with, one voice.
cried out. 'Don't kill htmT At last, ta
desperation, I turned all bet one of them
out of the room and we finished the oper
ation. -
"I attended to bis skull and put the Ie3
"He Is stm here. Only the other day I
was summoned to attend him. and .Tre
both laughed over the memory of my first
case."
A - STJCCESSnrL CASE.
"During the operation r sent the police
man for some whisky, and he soon re
turned with a Quart bottle. I adminis
tered a few teaspoonfuls to my patient,
and laughingly told the policeman to help
himself whenever he felt faint. He was a
brawny Irishman, and his occupation
should have destroyed any squeamish
weakness he might possess. But It was
marvelous the number cf times he felt it
necessary to resort to the bottle, and
at the end of the operation the bottle
was empty and the cop .was glorious.
"However, I am glad to say that my
patient recovered and my operation- was
successfuL"
"And the policeman **
"My first case," said another well
known physician, "was an amputation,
and that I was summoned was due en
tirely to my proximity to the place- of the
accident. It was late, about 3 o'clock,
and there was no other physician near,
and It Is to those favoring circumstances
I owe my first case.
"A policeman, at present well known In
this city, came for me and hurried me to
the scene. The patient had caught hi3
hand in a Gy-wheel and his arm was
crushed to the elbew. An immediate am
putation was necessary. But not know
ing- the nator* of the case when sum
moned, and having departed hurriedly. I
had brought only a pocket case and did
not have the necessary Instruments for
the operation. However, perceiving a tool
chest in the room. I broke It open and
secured a saw and with this accomplished
the amputation.
A BIBULOUS OFFICES.
"Shortly afterward I came to Washing
ton to locate, and within a few weeks one
of my visitors was the negjo operated
upon, and I was humiliated .beyond ex
pression at the appearance of my first
successful case. Successful as far as the
healing Drocess was concerned, but a
pronounced Cyrano de Bergerac nose. The
skin had thickened, the nose did not have
the support I had expected and had drop
ped to one side; in fact, one of the mest
horrible-looking objects I had ever* seen.
I strongly suspect my surgeon had ad
vised him to call on me. I was not very
Rush at that time, but I pulled out a dol
lar and handed It to the reffro. saying,
'Jim. take this dollar and never come In
to see me aarain. If you ever see -me on
the street be kind enough to turn and
walk in the opposite direction.' And
really whenever I saw the negro I would
Immediately turn In the opposite direc
tion and have no desire, even until the
present day. to witness my first case, my
first- plastic operation.**
"I felt very proud and highly e!ated
over the result and anxiously awaited the
return of mv surgeon to prove to him
that I was censpetent to undertake even
the most dellcat* operation. On his re
turn, however, he was not as greatly
pleased as I expected him to b«, and gave
me a. scalding- In tbe— severest terms, at
the same time admonishing me to await
and see my result— that It was too early
to judge from appearances.
censent of the patient, we took him to
the operating room, chloroformed him,
when I made the operation known as the
Indian method, selecting a leaf as a pat
tern, which was laid over the forehead,
just above the root of the nose, with pen
cil mark outlining the pattern upon the
akin over the forehead. The Incision was
made, the flap for the new nose formed,
pulled down and placed over the chasm
producing th« deformity. Cotton was in
serted under the f!ap to elevate the new
nose and kee;> it in position.
hums of mine, and having received the
"Going through the wards one day, I
was hizhly pleased and interested on see
ir.g a negro sitting" by his bed with one
of the greatest deformities that could
happen to mankind — a Ios3 of the noae.
I examined the condition very carefully,
thought over the authorities I had read
on the subject and informed the patient
that I could easily make him a new nose
of any form desired. I asked him what
shape he preferred — Roman, African or
pug. He replied that it did not make any
difference, so that the hole in his face
was covered. Next morning I met my
eurgeon in the ward, and calling his at
tentioir to the negro, requested that he
allow me to make the operation. He im
mediately Informed me that I was not
yet competent to do such work, and for
me to let the patient alone. I could think
cf nothing else but that nose, and the de
sire to make tfc.e op€ratioa Increased as
the days went by. A few weeks later,
my surgeon fcavtng left the city, I saw
my opportunity, and calling la consulta
tion three or four medical students.
*'ily duty as an assistant was sim-pry to
dress cases, and I longed for an opportun
ity cf doing some actual surgical work.
I most certainly- was not trusted by the
surgeon whom. I was assisting, nor could
I secure patients who would trust me. In
the special department of surgery my
preference was for that known as plas
tic.
Local physicians of prominence tell
sonia very amusin? stories' of how they
obtained .their first patient.
"Every physician in practice to-day re
taiaa a recollection o* his first real case,
u it u a well known fact that doctors,
like all other public men, have dif
ficulty In securing an opportunity to
demonstrate their ability," said a prom
inent surgeon whose name la a house
hold word in Washington. "My inclina
tion,"* continued this physician, "was al
ways toward surgical work, and my first
operation was humorous in the extreme.
In my earlier professional life I had few
opportunities to gratify my desire — I
started out as an assistant to" a surgeon
of national refutation.
Successful and Humorous Re
sults of Efforts cf
• Beginners.
Curious Stories of th£
, Medical Men of
Washington.
FIRST PATIENTS
OF PHYSICIANS
THE SAN FEAK CISCO CAIilW SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 19O3.
47
0CSA3T TBAVZL.
Steasssss leaT* Saa Trm»-
/f\J- s; * i -*8i\ Cisco as foTIows:
n*— 'Fcr Ketchliaa. WrKpI.
r* WS« \"l J 1113 ****- Hades. Skaa-war.
I t \%Sa J * tc Alaska— U a. m.. C<:.
\2\ Xi^^^W/ a -_ s - NcT - 2- Ctaar* u»
XSk^V • JCj c J 3= *S» a T*s steaswrs at Se«i-
For- VVrtcrla. VaaccnxreT.
easia. ETerrtt. — 11 a. za- Oct. 23. **
Ncv. 2. Chases at Seattle to this etnpaay-s
steamers for Alaska sad a <f. Rr. : at Stir
tie er Tacoca fc> X. P. Ky. : at Vascoarer -.»
c **. Ky.
For Esreka. (Hambcid? BayV- Potsosa 13
ScTr,^. tt?r. *¦- o— rsv ...
'¦ -If-J^ A 2 ** 1 *' Pc« La» Aaselesi a=sl
' Kecoiwe\ Saa Dteff> ¦tt«t Sasta Barbars
i Saata Rcsa Swrdays 9 a. ra.
State of CaUroraia," Thsrwlays 9 a. ra.
For Los Asr*!es <vi» Saa rVtro aa<l East
Saa Pwiro». Saat* Barhara. Saata CTsx. Moo-
! terey. Saa Ssaa. Cayocos Pert Harford (Sia
: Lcls Obtspo> V«atur-» sad Bacsesxc
Coo* Bay. 9 a. ra.. Oct. 24. Ncv. L
Bocita. 9 a. ra.. Oct. 20. 23. Not. S.
For Easeaada. X^tialesa Bay S*a. j^- *•:
Caho. Vatarisa. Aitata. La Pax. SasU Ra-
sa*Ja. G-i»y=as Ofex.). I) a. m.. T;i if -aca
mocth.
Fcr further !afbrmat!aa ehtata faWer.
Rlrat is reserved to eaaas* ¦'^-¦^it ar — H-
tas; dates.
TXCXST O7TICCT 4 !."ew Mast^oa-
ery street (P»*ac« K-t»l>. 19 Jfarkn street aad
Broadway waar£.
Frrtrht of2c». 10 Mark«t street.
& D. DCNANN- Ge=-r»; Pftss«9««r Acraf,
10 *tfark«t scmt. Baa FraactseaL
O. /?. «»iV. CO.
"OoImsbU** saSs Oct. 20 33. 9 19 29
Dec. 9. I*. 23. "G-ctt. W. Eider"' sslCs 'Octl
23. Xov. 4. 14. 2*. t>te. 4. 14. 24. ObIt staaai-
sht? Ha* to PORTLAND. OR., asd short raU
Ua« frocs Portlaad ta all potass Tnwf Tar««a-a
tickets to an gotats, all ran er steaazsa*? aad
rail at LOWEST RATES, steamer tickets In-
clude berth aad nesit. Steamer ta£s foot ef
Sjear st, it 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oa.
Arr. Pa*«. Vrgt.. 1 Maetrxserr «-: C. CLZ7-
FORI>. Gen. Ajt. Frel«3t Dept. 3 Mantes-try.
S.8. MARIPOSA. far Tahiti, Oct. 281 U a. ra.
S.3. SIERRA, fcr Hoootem. gamca. Anek-
laad aad Sy l=«y. Thcrsdar. Oct. 29 3 pv ra,
S.S. ALAMKDA. Cor Eaxrot^a. Not. ;. U a. ra.
Aiggm-tsnnei,^. T^wp^ tnirirtitl
ccx?is ju cnmuLf rzxsixTtxsmzx.
DIRECT XJCO: TO HAVRS-PARia. r nm
Sa^iar tttrr Th-^niiy Last-ad otAjfift
Saturday, at 13 a. ta.. from Pier 42. •sbbbbsTbw
North Riv*r. foot et Mortas street.
Ftrst-elass to Ea-rrv. fZi aad cpward. Sae»
ocd-«iasst ts Ra-rre. $43 aaet ijwirt. CSX-
ERAL AGENCT FOB UX1TED 3TaTE3 ANO
CANADA. 22 BrosMiwmr (Badsoa Baildias;).
Nr* Tori. J. T. FCGAZX ft CO.. Fsriae Coast
A r*ats. S Mgatf-mefJ aT«sa*. Saa Fraccisctx
Tickets Kid by aS BaOroad Ticket Ageota.
SCA3T9 TsTTBTltf &3 d Ysbb23#JO ssK^SSUEFSw
Steamer GEN. FB2SBTE or MONTICXLiO^I
9:42 a. ra.. 3:13 aad « :S> p. m., excest Scaday.
Huaday. 9:15 a. ra.. 9:3} p. ra. Leave V^.;^
? a. m.. 12-53 oooo. * 9- =»¦. ex. Soaday* Soa-
ixr. 1 a. ra., 4:t5 p. m. Faf«. SO ecrts. Tel.
Maia U«6. Pier 2. MUsUa-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. . - .
WHHf fUSLOOHTTH
EIG aacti>-» sale «v«ery Tuesday cf horses.
*«affocs. fcurstes. carts asi haraess. 11 a. av,
at 1H8 p*olacm ' St.
EOE5E, fcurry aad haroeaa, »*>: drakey. *?:};
«»rt, »12 J»; tap wur=m. S3O. T3 CTty
Baa ave.
FINE niKlii fTufl berry *z£ rttw hxraess.
also rood drivtar horse, far sale; a barraia.
Apply S17 Mant«;cm«ry ave. TeL Jxmes ZZ>i*i.
HARNESS aad rai-llea. tie b*«t foe thm mooe/,
»« JEPSE.V BP.O€. CO.. lac. ti* bir stcr*.
1145-lliT Market it.. Saa Francisco.
3-YEAR-CLr> scur.d. r«=f5« black carriage
horse; lady caa ir.y<f: *2-X>. S23 Mlaas, at.
A G>JCT> hcr»e, t:rp bcrsy aad haraess far sale.
Apply 3347 Twenty-fourth st-. ccr. Eartlett.
FINT3 T-*crr ?¦•""** *=*" s* 1 * cheap ax Tweaty-
Mcci ar.d F*.<:r-.la sts.
MUST be sc^I at a aacnaee; S rood hcrses. X27
¦ Sixth it.
U KXFKESS warta. llrht camriar warca
«-d ryt--. -^ sale cheap. £33 Miasica st.
:-»r»est a«»:rt=t 2-basd wajTias. backb' d. tnr-
rt'.t»r-»a wrrlL.-Irfr»ns; fcorwea. lSta-Va2«acla
HOC3C3 TO LET.
A— FEINTED list cf hecses ta :«t: sead f=r clr-
ca^r G. H. TJMBSEN A CO . 14 Moatr^mery
A— HOTSES %aa Cats! ta 1«: a= *w — »»~ list:
f»rrx« •-•:._: r. r free: take » 'ri— »p cf
tiis iepartmeat: tt w.*l sav« yrru Urns aad
tract**. Cfcrdes Fcr-Ircre Co.. 2 15-2: 3 Geary
ft., es the s;.ir>
SXODEHN resi lea -« cf S rwca aai bath: very
eunnr: 3710 CtaT «t. Aprly MADISON *
BTL~RKE. 30 Mjgtyjmeij st.
VAN NXSS ar».. ~C4. near Pa=iac— Msdera
hc^5*: 10 roctas; r»=t J70.
i- E7C3QCY toes*: « roctas; tiO. 814 McAllister
street.
PIFOH2 =c%-trjr g*z e«r priat»»j :;«t d fe3us«»
f> >t_ EALTiTTTy £ TTorTT'-T. 3 P"«t «t_
HOUSES TO TLET — FIRMSHED.
KAYES, liTJ. s-sar Park Paaaaadle— 4 rooms, j
tatb. larxe •-.»«-. yar-i. bas*=eat; acccm- j
rr.c^ate 4nii adults: de»:rab> 'Tall 1- tc 5.
BOUSES KH.MsHEJ FOR SALE, j
i I
SIVST s*U at er-^; m-w fii"'*"-!* cf 7-r>rts ¦
molera iat: ju:;t; rent $23. Call tc-iaj, ,
22i4 P~rt gt- ;
BOrsES WASTED.
TTANTETV— A partially furnished hcuse ce=- ¦
taininc at least I* room*, between Vaa Ness j
an-1 Ceatral a%*es.; Califorcia st. aad Bread-
war. Address with full particulars, MANS- I
FIELD LOVELI.. 22~ CaUfgrala rt.
! COMPLETELY furaUhrf house, at least 6 bed-
r->:tsi. in V^*f0rz Ad.Iiticn. wsj:t*l tmm*- ;
tf'^tely. Bex 447t. CaU. '.
XiCL'SS c; 14 tc I- rrcc-«. cn '.car >ase. witS- -
:= 5 tlorks O-ty Hil'.. App'-7 1170 Market
tt.. t,e g4 .
LOST ASP FOOD.
LTST — ta tie nelrtbcrtiood Setter aad Taylcr
stcsv. a very email wtite dag: yellow spots ;
rr. teai: !"tir ears; pniated no«*: black sor»
er: :ts ba-tk: liberal rewiri. TIO Suiter st- j
LCST — Oa Ja:ksca-«t. csr. Friday airht. silver |
t*T marked ' Ncbi*. 19«X>.' Suitable reward
w-..; te paii fcr rer^ra ta 2C2S Pacific ave.
LCtT — Oa Polk »t. . between Setter st=d Edir. j
a b&ss er.ai=ei«?-l watch. Retsra to 743 Ei-y
* t-. aal receive re war*.
LOST — A Majccic keystcre locket. Flader w.a
t* amp'.y rewarlei fcy returaiaj ts IZZ Call- '
f~ri'J. R i
IT wt" jay ta "P-emember" that tae Califcraia \
¦W"«.t:h Case Cc . 22"> Sstier «t.. i^eds clA ;
fill aai silver t-5 i=Ak.e n«» watch ca*es.
MILLINERY.
LATJIXS — 200 ttyLsa hats to select f«a; leas* '
•eld crest vacau Fetruary 1. 1*J4: sar«
zr.~-*T by -s.i::r-x MME. DOSC3. 20T Po»T. ¦
TstIXI3(C ASD ASSAYING.
TAILINGS i-—? waate-i: wtu buy cr wcrk ca i
royalty; have 20-toa cyaaide plaat an-i waat .
5.1*;* ta pit it- Ecx 2G2. Call efice. •
TJVF^W-sUTEJnL^AJfDSrPPLlES.
GREAT BARGAlNVTN'TfpE-A lUTEHS^We '¦
m€l'. better ata^aiaes Car less mcaey thaa aay ,
hoasj ia ti-e ctty; reataJs S3- Tie Typewriter '¦
Ezchaare. CSS Califcraia: teiephose M»*^ 2-m J
A rr^" zz<-.* t; ;»» liters at S3D es<ch: ret par- '
ttcu^-n. L. * J»- ALEXANDER 110 Moct- •
rcmery s- ;
2D-HAND trr-ewT.t»rs sell. r«-.tei. nctrM
"Xeteter Typewriter Iass-«. Os.. SOS Market. \
¦ ¦ i
?T ATI TIT AGE LICENSES.
The fcScwiajt mirrtar- licenses were issued !
yestertay:
Jcfca F. Ncrten. 21, CS» Biker street, and •
Edytre E. Headers -a. IS. 6C3 Baker street.
Olaf Olsea, 28. 44!> Ca*a*ry *tr«t. and Fraa-
cta E. rjcwdall. 30. 109 Et-aacke street.
Aarust Ha^iaader. 2*. Isletu=. aad Eva :
Svessaon, 2S, I*>tin.
James O. L. Bruaswir. 27. city, aad Chris- .
tto* VVttt. 27, c:ty.
Jcfca ElTEr, 22. Oaklaai aad LJUiaa M.
TYotxi. 27. eity.
Safus Ols«:a. 30. eitr. aad Estella Ols»a.
3*. city.
Niccis Lat»ara3. 34. SI Gr»eo street, aad
Vittona L*c:Ua. 22. ¦SX Gr»*n str«et_
Felice Jjemartlai. 2». «47 Chestnut street,
aad Aca> Deatartiai. 13, €45 Cnestaut street.
Joha ¦«¦. Kins. 21. !<*O Dolor»s «trrer, aad :
Naarue MoL. L"u2. 21. 1l3»0 Dc!ores street-
Jam** J. Wi:scr_ ». el"*'; Stockton street. ¦
T.4 AUcc S. Smrci. 24. 121 Dram-a rtr*^t_
- M*uriH3 di Bone. 25. 21* Broadway, and !
I>tt-aa Fasstctat. Si. MS aroswiway.
Paul C- 'Wlthror. Scrusraeid. III., aad ;
He>a K. T\\zt*^lt, 25, 23-W Hiwar-1 strest-
Eiwiri E12ort. I<i. city, ar.3 Mlaaie D. Sat- ;
toK. M, cuy.
Jacefc II. E. Eihea. 21. city, sad Mariaa L.
Rrid. 21. citr.-
H--ry TVodt. -2. Saa Jos*, aad Mattie L.
TTatscs. 1^. Sa= Joee.
H^r-aar>tt A.- Jofcana^s. 41. S* Chesley street.
. an--! Kir^n Larson. 4-J, ZO Ches>y street.
Claud* J. KilL t7. 44 Third street, aad Car- |
ri* 3€. Fletcher. 24. Ursa. ia.
Etac-Tie Hares. 29. is H.ward street, aad
E!ies Walsh. 2>. **J4 Micros ita street-
Horace <juittari. 23. I7C* Clay street aad !
Mav»»:ie V,-. aj:racr*. 3>. ZS2 Vaa N«r*« af*.
Eiiilllij flAlililAuLu — L'MIni.
Ktrti. aiarriare and death cetices «eat by j
Kail will act be.traertrd. They murt b» handed :
ia at «-;ti«r cf the pafc.icairtoa cfac^s and be j
rsd.Jia»d wlta th« name and r»s:.i»c « ot per-
f - - aath<;nzi-<S to hav? th- sa=ie published.
BOBS'.
ETTRGEB. — Is this cttr. October If. 13C3. to
the wtf« of C. C. Bsrrer. a sea.
CENTLINE— Ia this city. Otxnturr t». 1WXJ. to t
th* wife cf Ciaries F. Centlise, a aca.
DCKEMAVN— la this dry, Ortr>beT 13. 1303. j
to the Kife.cf Hermaca Dohenaaa, a sea."
KOESEL— Ia this city. September 24. taoa. ta j
th« wife cf William H. K.-/*s*!. a daarater. I
LUDTnO — Zn this cRy. Octsbar 22. 13C3. ta i
th* wife cf Alex. F. Ludwtx. a sca.
PUCHAET — la this city. October 13. 130B. to i
th« w-ti« cf Frank Pechart. a daurhter.
PHXPPS — Ia this etty, October 15. 1>33, ta the !
wire ct G- V. Phirra. a daurhter.
READS— Ia this city. October Us. 1X3, ta the
wtf. cf EatU Reade. a son.
RI5PIN— Ia this city. Octcber 3. t»03, to tie !
w:fe cf H. A. Rlssia. a sea. j
yrARTtTTiK '
DO2f AST— STCIUi— Ia this dty. Octetw 21. f
1*J3. ty tae R-v. J. H. Schroeder, Fraak S. j
Dosast aad Mtaals Er-Stcra.
CRANT— EESKY— Ia ihi- eiry. OctcJyr 0, I
ISuB. by ths Rev. Father Ramja. A. fflii^a
Orart aad Jfiaai* J. Beszy. bcih cX 6aa
FTascisco.
EANK— NEL6CN— la tils city. Octaber "«. j
1303, by th« R»r. Dr. C J- E- Haterto».
pastor cf Ev. Lctheras Ebeaeier Cfearch,
Karl Kaai aai r-r^^a Neisca.
HEDVALL— PADDA— Ia this city. OctsUer 17.
1*32. fcy tts Rrr. Dr. c. J. E. Hatertas.
paster jrf Et. Lcaseraa Ebeaeswr Qxrzh.
Peter E. H««vaU aad Jotassa Padla.
EEarz-KA.VSUIXE.V-l3 this city. October
•1. 1403. fcr tie Her. Dr. Jofea A- B. TVH-
•cc. sajt~r cf Triaity Methodist Episeepal
Chur-Jv. Lrell Bares Herts aad Helena E.
Kaaa^iaea. bcth cf Saa Francisco
550 *- 13 <*'•* city. October
II. x^C3. by tat Rer pj-. c. J E. Batartsa,
l?Sf*" %\ F v Lcth*raa Ebesezer Church.
***kt= r l-isdahl ajad gusaara Sveassca.
FJ ~? : ?f o T N rr 6 rcr>STEX-In this eitr. Octo-
ber _». 13C3. by ti» Rer. Dr. c. J. k. Ha-
££^^,7% C J = T - Lotfceraa Etoe=«ser
c^-rc^. cari J. Petcrsoa and Carcliaa Saac-
Th^r^iJ^ 11 ' O««=»a Erarr»Iical La- •
<KJter "^ Catharta. Bre««ss. '
Cfcarl««» H. gctaertaad aad Sagle C. MarteH. j
__ num. j
IfZXv^T^** , . Hyraan. RaeJui :
ETTJckhnf' H«U C Klmbaa. Mcs«s a j
Brcwili, josept^^s) Leicale. I
Eurtls. Aaaa H. Liu!*;\jrtaa*^. I
Carila, Jota uZ&UTsuZ. (L It I
OUu*.JmmMMU. L^^ESeTM- I
C3CJT, B*z*± E. Mcatahoa. E3*a=or \
1
Parts. Katiaa ilc«nea. Lcnis
Erf.aser. Ccristtn Krrpby, Wimacx
Ends, Lawrence Prtmty. Owen -
Flna. Matthew Redford. Verel M.
FUiserald. Mrs. E- Fjtxsrrscn. CUirinda
Goets. Le=a M. Schmidt. Gos
i Guesley. Edward Schweitzer. JuHa
Gnlrraa. Aadrrw Eleskley. E31«a I*.
Haalta. DeUa
EERRT— Ia tils city. Octoter 2*. 1S0 *»
Thcmas Berry, beloved husband of Harriet J.
Berry and father cf Gordon. Grace aad Lea
Berry, a cat!v« of St. Andrews. New Brsss-
wlck. a«ed 71 yeara.
C7"NoGce of funeral hereafter.
. EROCKHOFF— Ia this city. October 23. 13C3,
, Has»l C Brockhc2. dearly beloved da^sater
el Henry C aad May C. BrocsioS. a native
cf Eaa Fnnciaco. ared 10 years aad 23 days-
fcTTrtucia and acqualatasces are rescect-
fuily invited to attend th* funeral ta-m-rrTw
<M-n<tiy» at 10 o'clock, free: the resl.lertcs
cf her carwits 243 Eleventh street, between
Howard and Fclscm. Interment Mount Oli-
: vet Cemetery.
' EP.OVTELL^- la this city. Octcber C3, 19G3.
Joeerhiae. b«!oved wife cf the late J«rry
i Browell. a cativs sf Caiiforaia. a«ed 43
years.
E^Frieris and arquaiatances are respeet-
fal'y invited to attend the fsneral «erviees
i Monday. October 2t5. 13«J. at 2 o'clock, at
• I tile trertaary ciapel cf th« Golden Gate Cn-
dertakia? Cccir^r.y, 2473 Mission street, near
Tweary-Crst. latermeat Laurel HiH Ces=e-
. j tery.
r i EVPT*< Th thLM city, Octcb*r 23, 1303, Aaaa
Hcpe Burtis, dearly beloved la'aat dauchter
of Cj.tza.iz. Samael H. aad Annie Burtis. and
si«ter ct Irene E- Burtis. a nathre cf Cali-
! f~rr.;a. a«irf 3 months.
r CAELIV- Za this city. October 24. I9C3. John
Cartm. beloved bus Sand cf R.^ba Carlla. a |
' catrrs at Albaay, St. T.. ajed 60 years. - • i
! CC^LTON— Ia this city. October It. 1*3, Jarn»s
M- Ccltcn. husband cf Mary Colton. and
. ' belcved father cf James E.. WUllam R-.
r ' AItea and Gecrre T. Coltcn. a native of Saa
. i Francisco, a«ed 43 years 2 months and 20
' ! days.
' CC>OK— Ia tais ctty, October 23. 1903. Sarah
¦ [ E.. belcved wife cf Daniel S. Cook. & na-
tive of Pnrrtiesce. R. L. ared 50 years U
m-nth* and c days. A member cf Chi^iren's
Prcrresslvs- Lycecra. Ladies" SBtrttual Aid
EOdetT and Lincoln Relief Corra So. 3.
C3"Frien.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ?-> attend tie funeral cervices
Scads y. October 23. ISO:, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel cf the Gotdea Gate
Vcdertakias; Cctrpaay, 2473 Mission street. '
a»ar Twtaty-first. uader the acaslces cf
Spiritualists aad Liaccia Relief Ccms No.
3. All members are requested to b« present.
i EAVI5 — 1= thla city. October 23," 1303. Nathan,
deariy beloved husband- cf P_-ea Davu. b«-
|- loved sen of Mrs. Lelbe Davis, father cf i
Mrs. G. TST. Alexander. Mrs. J. Epsteia aad
David. Gertrui*. Lieo. Saol *ad Jerome D»-
ra. aad brcther cf Less«r. Abe aad Wolf
Davis. Mrs. R. Serensky. Mrs. A. HiUer and
Jirs. F. Bii-wise. a native of Germany, aged
47 rears 2 months and S days.
C7Fries<is s^d acquaint! nce» are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
at 10 c'clock. freni his late residsace, 41 1
Gc!>i«i Gate avenue, t Ptraae omit Ccwsrs.
Iaters:«it Eternal Hotae Cemetery, via ta*
ll:3i) oTefack traia frcsn Third aad Tawasead
streets <i«j>ct.
j EFFIXGER— la this city. October 23. 1903.
Christie, beloved husb*ad of Sophie Ef&n- j
C«r, and fiti^er cf Chrlstla Ernest EfSnrer, j
Louise Sears and the late Scchie Stayer j
Sartori. a native cf VTurtemberr. A!<iias;ar. j
Germany. ar*d TO years T months and 20 i
days. A meraber c? Relief Eacampa^eat .N:.
23 cf Petaluma Lodre No. 30. L O. O. W.
fCTTanerai s*rrtces Suaday. October 25.
15«Xl. at 11 o'clock, at the mortuary cfcapet
cf t!i« Golden Gate Undertaking Corapany.
247S MUsicn «tr?»t. near Tweaty-first. In-
terment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
HNNIS— Ia this city. October 24. 1300, Law-
reac* Eaals, a catlre cf Ireixad, ared 54
years.
' FINN— In this city. October 23. 13C3, at his
residence. 142 Hartford street. between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Matthew, dearly
beloved h-ustaad cf EKe= Flan, father of
Jcha S. Flan, aad Ioviag- brother of Mrs. P.
Heaaeary, Mrs. WUliam H. Molloy. Mrs. J.
Sheridan aad Mrs. H. Briskmaa of Mexico,
a native cf Ccuaty Galwav, Irelaad. ayed 50
years. *
CXNctice cf funeral hereafter.
'¦ FITZGEKALO— In Stscktox October 23, 13C3;
at the residence cf her sen. S21 Soutii Mon- .
rot strett. Mrs. Elizabeth Fttsrerald. be- !
lived mother cf David. Jchn. Frark. Ed-
wari. Thcr.aa. Mary aad the late James an-i
Aiafcrcee Fltzterald. a aativ* cf Irelaa^i.
a*ed 71 years.
CTFriMuls aad acquaintances are respecx-
fuliy invited to attend th* funeral Monday.
Oct&ber 2S, ::-"'. cn tte arrival of the Stock-
tea traia !a San Pablo at 10:13 o'clock. I
thence to £aa Pablo Chcrch. where a re- j
Quiem hisrh mass will be crlebrated for tn« i
r»pcs« cf her souL ccmaKacia* at I0:i0
o'cL^ck. Iatermect St. Mary's Cemetery.
Okklsad.
T COSTS— In C* ktantS. Octcb«r 24. 1*33. Lena)
M. Coot*, belcved dsagfeter of Mrs. Exiza- i
beth G-«ts. aad sUter cf Mrs. Babette SeiisrJ I
aad Linie aad Ferdlaaad Goets. a aative ot
Baiec G*rtnaay, ared 27 years 10 months
aad 3 days. - . i
! GUENLET— Ia this city. October 23. 1303.
Edward Guesley. beloved husband cf R;s«
Gueaiey. fitter cf Edile. Rose, Joseph. !
Lcuia. Wiia«. Dewey aad Iren* Goecley. (
brother cf Gecrre Guenley. Mary Dcciar aad \
Mrs. a i ¦ :¦ Dociar, aad broth»r-!a-law cf |
Jimes Pe«;ss. a native cf Saa Jose, ared 41 i
r-ears f> moaths aad 6 dars. tSaa Jose pa- j
p*n please copy)
CFri&nds aad ac^rrainTancfs are respect- j
fully lavit-d tj attend the funeral to-day (
(?iin<iayi. at 1 o'clock, from his tat* resi- [
Oace, 235 Hlckcry areau«, thence to Sacred
K*art Church f;r service*, commeaciar at ;
I -Si> o'ciack. Iatenaeat Htly Cress Ceme-
tery.
'¦ GTTNAN— Ia this city. Octcb*r 23. 1903. An-
drew Gciaan. beiaved husband cf Mary !
<>-i=aa. a ryitive of Caaada. ared 52 years. I
A member of Fideiltv L. •!*-. I. O. O. F., t
a=d Bernal I^>!r« No. 13. A. O. V. W.
•CTTrieiuis .uni acquaiataaces are respect- |
fully Invited ta attend the fuaeral servicts j
K.riiy. October 2H. 1903, at 9:30 o'clock, at j
<:«ii Fallows" HsIL comer cf Seventh and [
Market rtr«ets. under the a.->irDicea ol Fidel- I
tty Lodrs. I- O. O. F. Remains at the- mcr-
tus.-y chatci of th* fluldea Gate Vadertakins;
Company. 2473 Mission streec aeor Tweaiy- j
firs*.. Interment M3Uii.t Oiivet Cemetery.
; auKE- la tils city/ Octcber 22. 1303. Delia, j
•learry beloved dasrhter of Mrs. Christina |
and tt« iate Jcha C. Haake. a native of J
San Fr*ac;s<rc. ared 2tJ ytars 11 zactths aad
II days.
C7>'rieads ar» resoectfully invited to at-
tead the ftr.erai eerrices Suaday, Octob»r (
25. at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her eis- j
Iter. Mrs. Fraak Comfort. 33JJ Jersey street. |
b»t«"- a Nee a=i Castro, uader the auspices
cf I-as Lcmas Parlcr No. 71. N. D. G. W..
th*nce by 'Iectric funeral car from Eirht- i
"*»r.t!5 aad Guerrero streets. Iaterment Mount i
Ollret Cec-etery.
• OFFICERS and members c* Las L«mas Par-
lor No. 72. St D. G. W.. are hereby noti-
fied ts iss-imtle at the resi dence.i 22* Jfrsey j
street, to Stteod ths fcaerai ct oar late sU- I
ter. DeUa Haake
ROSS Sirri-H. President.
MAEION LATTON, Secretary.
; HYMAN— Friends ind actjualataaces are re-
sp<K:trttl*y la-nted u> attend the eettiar of tse \
«tcae cf RacheU desriy beloved wife cf 3£sr- !
ris Hyman. »t Salem Cemetery, Saaiiiy,
Oct=b«r 2Z. IJ03, at -I o'clock. Late mem-
ber of Ladles' First Hebrew Asscciatloc
! KIMBALL. — In this city. October 24. 13C3,
Mcses C, belflved husband of the late Ma-ia
H- Ktraball. father o* Mrs. J. T. ITItzsim- !
ecsj aad brother of Thomas D. Kimball a S
native cf Thcira*tca. Me., ajed 74 yeari <j ;
months aad 3 days.
LEIPSIC— In thlii city. October 23. 1303, Sophie
Lctpsjic. t»*o-,ed mother cf Saltie. Joseph.
Jaccb. Abraham. Isaac. Eenjamia and Lem-
utl L*it«ic aad Mrs. S. B. Levey, and #ister
cf Mrs. L. Bettman. Mrs. E. Hirsch. M. H.
Stern sad Isiic Stem, a native cf Germaav
ared 73 years 7 tasaths aad 17 days. (Nev
York. Dartoa. Ohio, aad Blccmiarton, ni .
papers please copy.)
CTFuaeral services at h*r late r«sideace,
li.!4 CTFarrell street, to-day (Suaday). at 1
o'clock. Interment Eternal Home Cemetery,
by carrlare. Flowers not accepted,
i LIT.T.TE — la this city. October 23, IOCS, Luciaa
A. LU ! 1«, beloved aether cf Mrs. M. L.
Osier »ad Mrs. Arthur Moretaa. a aattvs <rf
New Ycrk. (PortUad. Or., pajrtrs please
ccpy.>_
C7"The furers! services will take place
Sunday, at 1:45 o'cl-ck, at th« Darlors ot
Halsted i Cc.. »4fl Mission street. Inter-
tsettt orivate at Mcuntala View Cemetery,
Oakland.
! LINDSAT — Ia Reno. Nrr., October 23, 13CB.
Mrs. C. M. Lladsay. beloved mother cf mir*
J. Jjhason aad Mrs. WCllam Walts, a na-
tiv« cf Eariaad. ared 75 years.
CTNctice cf fuaenl hereafter.
LTXCH — La Los Gates. Cal.. October 23 13C3.
Ellen Mane, bekrrwi daurhter of luWa-.-
aral ti.« late Michael Lynch, aad sister of
Charles aad Araes Lyach, Mrs. M. P. DeteU
aad the Ute Edward M. Lynch, a natlr- of
Virriaia City, Nev.
CTFrteails are resT-ctfuIly larlted to at-
tead the fua«ral M-r-iay. at a o'clock, frcta
\ *¦-¦¦ ========
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors ta Flasaaraa * Gatlarher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr.
rUNSBAL DIRECTORS AND EitBALMERs.
23 nrti st_ esresita Uscola ScaocL
Teleeacae South 8a
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
rsneral Directors aad Embalmers.
Formerly la M«trcpoUtaa Temple.
Now at $va MISSION. Tel. South 1«7.
Eetweea Fcurth. aad Firth, near Fifth •?» '
nseat Ezzisxxsu at Moderate Rates. ,
F. J. Ifcsahaa. President.
MOiNAHAN & CO.,
• (lac)
yXTTERAL DIRECTORS AND EMDALMER3.
233J-2341 Missiaa st. Tel»!rhca« fiwton 3L
F. J. yta•»^^^. Preslilest. .
<
Xazaca KeGia. • Hearr "»"*tti_ '¦
JAilES McGINJC A CO..
Witi MeGlaa Bros^, . <
Funeral Directors aad Embalmers. ]
214 Eddy st: Tet. SoctJi SUL
OCKA7T TBAVZL.
TOYO KJSEN KISHAA.
COHIENTAI*' STEAMSHIP CtX>
Steamers win tea-** wtart. eoraer First aad
Brannxn streets, it 1 p. bx^ fcr Tmmnivi
asd HO.VGSO.VG. calllss; at - Kofr* (BIoco)
yagairatrt aad Shaztshat. mod tairiwuir a j
HoBzkccx with steamers fcr tnjff y o
earro reeetred oa board ea <say of nir>~*
S. S. AMERICA TkLXBU ±.C......
• -- .Trce*dsy. Xovtmb«r 10 1903
S. S. HOXGKONG MARC 7^7..:...
S. 8. NTJPPOX KARU ICaUinc at S*asna»^^
"—,--•• --¦WVdiwsds.y. Decemlwr SO. 100S
Vto HoaotBla. Rctcd-tr'p tickets at redsced
rates. For freight aad passare apply at Com-
paay'* efflce. 43 Market str-et» corner FTrjt
W. H. AVERT. Geceral AxsaL
the residence of her mother. 32M Clay Street,
thecce to St. Mary's CatiiedraL OTarreU
street aad Van Ness innat; where a r*-'
Q-uiem mass will be celebrated for tne repose
of her socl. comra-nciaa- at 10 o'clock. Ia-
termetit urlvate. Holr Cross Ceraetenr. !
MciTAHCX— A ocr-th's. mind* mass wCI be
celebrated at St. Irnattus* Church to-murrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, fur the repose of th»
soul cf the late Eeascr Hayeria McMahoa.
Frleais are Invited to attend.
ilOENCH— Cn this city. October 2*. 1&03. Louis
Moecch. beloved husband of Clara MoeacSw
fatiter of Mrs. Halda. Seller, aad srand-
faUier of 3tra. A. H. Pape. 2iTrs- T. Jtaione.
A. P. Seller. Mrs. O. Raalaskl and Arthur
Mo*ach. a native ef Germany, az^-I T5 years
* tncr.ths asd IS days.
MVRPHY— La this city. October 23. "1003, Wil-
liam, beloved son cf Kate asd the late
ThGnns Murrby, and brother of Daniel.
Ttccas aad Lizzie Marshy and Mrs. P. A-
Dcnohue. a native of California, ased =*
years si montis and 13 days.
CTThe funeral will take place Monday, at
9 o clock, froci fcls Iat« residence, 3-1* Lis-
bon street, tHeace to St. John's Church,
where mass will be celtbrated for the re-
pcs« of his seal, comsaencinm ar. 3:.i0 o'clock.
laieraaeat Holy Cross Cemetery.-
TRXTSTT—la this cUy, October 2*. 19C3. Owen.
beloved husband of Susan Prunty. and be-
loved father cf Francis P. and Mary Prunvy.
a native ef Comity Mcnayhan. Ireland, ased
W years. Ofcsr Teric papers please copy.)
CTFrietds aad actjTiaiaLASces are respect -
nary Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
f Monday*, at -sr-IO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 13 Cleveraad street, off Seventh, be-
tween Folsoc and Harrison, thence to bt.
Patrick* Charcn. where a re*iul«;n fci«h
mass wtu be celebrated fjr th» repes* of his
socl. cotciB-ncise at 9 o'clock. Isxsrment
Hoiy Cro?j» Cemetery.
. RrpFORD— Ia this ctty. October 23. 1903.
Verel M.. beloved daughter of Wllllaai and
Verel Hertford, and aister of Liizt-» and th«
late Mary Red'ord. a native of Scotland,
ar**i 11 years & montna and 2O days.
1L>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tie fuseral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
r.arlars cf Backer & Lent, 26tJ& Miaaion
street. fc«rween Tweaty-seccnd aad Twetity-
thini. Mission Masonic Tetnrle. Intertneat
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via. electric funeral
car 4rani Thirueth street and Sac Jose ave-
nue. "
P.OBEBTSOJ.* (nee ARATA) — In this city. Oc-
tober t2. I30.T, Clorinda, dearly beloved wire
cf Jisj«s Rotertscn. daarhter of G. B. and
Rosa Arata. and sister of Jacies. Georgr.
Mary and Fra?ik Arata ar.d Mrs. Louisa
Minatti. a native of San Francisco, azed 20
years 10 mentis and 4 days.
C?"FriarLils and acquaintances are respect- (
fully tnvtwd to attend tlae funeral to-day |
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late r?si- ;
dence. 91S Montgomery street, between
Brraiway and Paclac street. Iateraent New
Italian Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city. October 2t. 13<X"..
Gcs, be'.oved husband of Mary Schmidt, and
father cf H-rc:J Schnsid^ a native of KU-
nets, as»d 3T years.
SCHWEITZER— In this city. October 22. UM3.
at fc*r residence. 1374 Hayes street. Julia,
beloved wife of the late Mayer Schweitzer,
and mother cf Mrs. Phil Kirsch cf Sacra-
mento. Mrs. Harry P. Fraiilin and ciraoa
Schweitzer, a native ef Germany, axed CO
years 5 months aad VI days.
Z3? Services will b« held to-dav fSun-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her Uta resilience.
lS7i Hayes str»«r. thence by electric funeral ;
car from Eighteenth aad <3'a*rrero street*,
laterrser.t Cjtresa Laws Cemetery.
SHEAKI.ET— Ia OaVIaa<J. October 24. 1303,
EJIen E-. beloved wife of A. M. Sheakl-y.
a native cf Stscktcn. CaL. eyed 4.1 years.
GREATER FRISCO'S
GREATEST^^PAPER^
GET NEXT SUNDflY'S CALL I
NOVEMBER 1.
With Schreyer's Marvelous Picture
"FLEEING FROM THE FLAMES"
P^bb m g^1HBByrfiHBsWlFssfmgy 5 F 5 T^^^^ ;t ' ' ¦'-• ¦---•..*-¦¦-- :-•¦-- ' *-'•-• - - ' ¦ r
|*^g|«M*SfcKA|Q^HBj < |B|^Ujm^ .. -;. ;:, - '¦;¦'..-': - ." . - .>-,-:.'•..:;>. i-.;": ¦..¦;¦ -. : ;- __^. -
;^* a i^si^MiTWo^Hi^^Tii^WnnWMssOTf^iiBii'' *r*J^«™SSr??i > *^^^igi-V.-:\.;lT*g -tell ¦""¦T'--'"r •'!:-*•' - r .^slgSSsS^sfKc'-'^ '¦-' '" \
"FLEEING FROM THE FLAMES,"
A trild. unreasoning' panic often seizes r pea Ben ia tlie presence ct
danger, or even wh.en danger is only imagined. Among the lover ani-
mals the greater the intelligence they possess the xacre they axe sub-
ject to tenor. It is said that elephants tremble at the sight of a noes*.
and horses, -which are credited with more intelligence thaa most domes-
tic animals, show more fear.
In the picture of Adolpb. Schreyer, reproduced in The Call art sup-
plement, there is vividly depicted a stampede cf tenpr - stridden horses
from a bnrning stable. In their blind gallop into the darkness they have
crashed into a barrier and are plunging and struggling in confusion,
some entangled In the splintered wood, while ethers crowd upon, t^^^n, It
is a scene which gave the artist abundant opportunity for dramatic effect
and vigorous action. He has also displayed his ability as a colorist. In
its variety and richness cf color the greatest merit lies, asd its color
makes this picture one of the artist's masterpieces.
' Bomantic tendencies are strong in all of Schreyer's painting, and
' sentiment, color and effect were more important to hin than, accurate
draftsmanship. He possessed the power to express strongly what he felt
• more than the ability to depict truthfully what he saw.
"Fleeing From the Flames*' is owned by the Chicago Art Institute,
and is included in the splendid collection bequeathed to the museum, by
the late Albert A. Hunger in rS98.
Reproduction of one other picture by the same artist, ''The Arab
Scout," has been issued by The Sunday Call, and biographical notes
have been published. «
• *
flLL NEWSDEALERS AND TF-tfJIN NEWS AGENTS SELL
THE SUNDAY CALL.= =The national Greek letter society of Phi
Gamma Installed its fifty-eighth chapter
last Saturday evening at the Merchants'
Club. The new chapter will be known as
the Stanford. It is the third to be bound
ed on the Pacific eoast, the other two be
ing located in Washington and Berkeley.
After the installation a banquet took
place and several prominent members de
livered short addresses.
Phi Gemma Chapter Installed.-
Big Bill for Dockage.
The British steamship Lytton. which put in
here October 7 short of fuel and tn need of re
jfclrs. Is on the little drydock at Hunters Point.
whPi* she will remain for more than a week.
The Lytton was aHhor*- at Salinaa Oui, and
the bumping- on the beach bent and touwneti a,
large cumber of her plates, she is In need o.->
extensive repairs, Risdcn Iron Works haj <
the contract, and all haste is bring ma<le tr>
get the vessel 1 In good condition. With alt ¦ th*
hurry, however, the Lytton'a bill for drydock
accommodation is expected to run higher than
$6000. The Lytton U the vessel that recently
conveyed Admiral Palltser - and * paxtjr of
treasure hunters to Cocos' Island,
Veteran Guard Elects Officers.
The members of the Veteran Guard
cathcred at Alcazar Hall last night and
held thefr regular annual election, which
resulted as follows: Captain, J. H. RJIey;
first lieutenant. Daniel Lamson; second
lieutenant, Joseph Grlswold; paymaster,
lidward Shay; quartermaster, C. Wil
liam?; adjutant, Samuel Shaw.
Vicious Dog Bites Child.
Hazel Gowan, 10 years old. residing with
her- parents at 426 Fulton street, was se
verely bitten by a vicious dog yesterday
afternoon near her home. She was re
ir.o\-e<1 to the Emergency Hospital. The
owner of the dog is unknown.
Colonel Wilhelm Speaks
to Officers , of Cit
izen. Soldiery. : v
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
reported to the Fire Commissioners yes
terday afternoon that he had sent a com
munication to the office of the United
Railroads Informing the company of se
rious damage done a hook and ladder
wagon and a hose wagon a short time
ago by collisions with cara of the com
pany. The Chief stated that he. had re
ceived no response to his communication
and he requested President Barrett to In
vestigate the matter.
City Property Damaged by Cars.
NOTES DEFECTS
IN THE GUARD
John G. Whclan, the well known Mar
ket-street merchant, who recently under
went an operation at a local hospital, is
now convalescing and expects to be about
in two weeks.
Dr. S. P. Davis and family of Stockton
are at the Grand.
H. L. Plerson, a land agent of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. F. K. Rule of Los An
geles are staying at the Palace.
Charles Lamb, a mining man of Los
Angeles, and wife are at the Grand.
Comte de Ponfllly of the French army
arrived at the Palace yesterday. He is
making a tour of this country.
John Mackay, superintendent of the
Rancho Del Paso, returned yesterday
from a visit to the East and is registered
at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Frank E. Golden, a prominent Nevada
Jeweler, being the owner of • stores in
Reno, Carson City and Tonopah, filed a
suit yesterday for $40,000 damages against
O. A. Turner, a promoter of the famed
Tonopah mines. He bases his suit' on al
leged breach of contract on the part of
Turner, alleging that the latter In failing
to keep his promise to sell him stock, In
the Tonopah Mining Company caused him
to suffer a loss : of the amount sued for.
It appears from the complaint that Tur
ner, v in July, 1901, agreed to sell Golden
2500 shares of common and 2500 shares .'of
preferred stock in the Tonopah Mining
Company, a corporation formed in Penn
sylvania by Turner. Golden' says he paid
$250 to Turner to bind th$» bargain, rely
ing on the latter's promise , to ,' give him
the stock as soon as he: returned from
Philadelphia. The stock, alleges 'Golden,
was issued in September and he demanded
that Turner keep his promise. The'lat
ter refused, according to Golden, with' the
result that he ' lost ; a profitable invest
ment.
Frank E. Golden Charges 0. A.
Turner WitH. Failing to Keep
Stock Contract.
SUES TONOPAH MINING
PROMOTER FOB $40,000
ward making then* understand their du
ties and responsibilities.
Captain Selfrldge. commanding the sig
nal corps of the Second Brigade, located
in this city, has tendered his resignation,
having become tired of soldiering.
sinks and familiarity, ceases. He tEen
called attention to the necessity of offi
cers being prompt with all papers which
must be transmitted and said all papers
should; be absolutely correct. No officer,
said he, should affix his signature to any
paper unless sure that it was absolutely
correct, for the- honor and integrity of an
organization depends upon the correct
ness of all signed papers. If this sugges
tion Is carried out it will put a stop to
the method Jn many units in the past of
signing reports that show fifty on parade
or at drill when there are not more than
twenty, he said.
Next Wednesday Colonel "Wilhelm will
visit the armory in Oakland, where he
.will inspect Companies A and F of Oak
land and G of Alameda of the Fifth In
fantry, and then give the officers and the
men a talk on military, duty.
If ideas that have been expressed are
carried out there will be a difference In
the . methods followed by the lieutenants
In the different bodies of the guard. It
has been observed that In many instances
they are too timorous and more apologetic
than commanding. .It, has been observed
that instead of directing the 7 men, A3 the
tactics expect they should, they approach
the me,n , and ; whisper that which they
seem to be/afraid to express In a manner
that Is expected of them. It Is thought
that a few lessons which will be given on
the duties of lieutenants will do much to-
At a meeting of .the officers, of the, First
Infantry Regiment in the regimental head
quarters; last Monday, night' Colonel Wll
helm • was ¦' present and made an address.
He gave his ideas in the matter of im
proving the guard as a whole, and, .while
he admitted that there were units • that
were, deserving; , of ¦; commendation, still
there -; was . so ; much that ..was not. good
that it tainted the ", whole, organization.
He : stated that , there : should be strict at
tention to the interior economy of the com
panies , and ¦ more ; thoroughness ¦ in the ru
diments ; of ': education , of the . soldier. *, Ho
said " the recruit" should be instructed in
the awkward - squad until . he attains all
the requisites before , placing him In the
ranks. His Idea was that a recruit re
quires a little more' than to put a uniform
on: him, give him a gun and tell him that
he is a soldier.' The fact that he is told he
is a soldier does not make him one— he
must be trained : in setting-up exercises
and the school of the soldier until 'he at
tains a proficiency that will make - him
what he joins the organization for, "Wil
helm- said. The speaker then dwelt on
the care company commanders should be
stow upon their men, which is of ¦ far
more importance than it is to teach them
"fours right" and "fours left" in the arm
ory, , he held.. .The best commander, he
saidj; is the one who looks after the wel
fare of his, men.
The men' in the ranks are those who are
to be depended upon In time of need, and
it is most essential that they should be
looked after and taught how to take care
of themselves, whether in the armory or
on the field. Company commanders, : . he
eaid.* should devote attention to Instruct
ing, the officers, and men In the duties of
sentinels, and that on drill: nights men
from the ranks should be posted for the
purpose • of . ascertaining 1 what they - do
know, 5 and ; if they are ; deficient* to give
them the necessary Instructions. He also
spoke . of the ' necessity > of ' military disci
pline and the relations of officers to men
and men : to officers while . in" a military
capacity. On f such ! occasions friendship
The photographic salon, which has been
conducted for the last two weeks at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art under the
auspices of the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation and the California Club, closed
last evening. A large crowd* of people
viewed the magnificent exhibits, the work
of both Eastern and Western photograph
ers. Last night a concert was conducted
under the direction *>f Henry Heyman.
The following numbers were rendered:
Organ, overture. "Stradella" (Flotow),
Otto FJeissner; song. "Oh, That We Two
Were Maying" (Nevin), Hubert Clyde
Linscott; violin, "Reverie" (Vleuxtemps).
Miss Josephine Parker; waltz, "Rondo"
(Gumbert), Miss Annabelle Levy; organ,
selection, "Henry VIII" (Sullivan). Otto'
Fleissner; songs, "Little One a.-Cryin' "
(Speaks) and "Three Roses Red" (Homer
Norris), Hubert Clyde Linscott; -violin,
adagio from Seventh Concerto (DeBerlot)
and gavotte (MuEin), Miss Josephine Par
ker: song. "Still as the Xight" (Bohm),
Miss Annabelle Levy: organ march In A
major (West). Otto Kleissner.
Exhibit at Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art Draws Crowd on
Final Night
MUSIC CLOSES THE
PHOTOGRAPHIC SALON
The judges were Thomas F. Graham,
Thomas F. Dunn and Louis T. Hengstler.
Judge Graham, when announcing the
decision, stated that tne debating was
very 'even, but that the decision should
go to the Commercial Evening School, as
their team work and delivery was far su
perior to that of their opponents.
The debaters from the Commercial
Evening School were Louis T. Diebels,
Adolph Becker and Walter E. Trefts.
The winning team was loudly cheered
end applauded when the judges an
nounced the decision.
The Lowell High School's representa
tives were Lewis K. Underhill, Henry
Mehrtens and Maurice E. Harrison, who,
though defeated, put up a splendid ar
gument and spoke in a manner that
showed they were thoroughly familiar
¦with the subject under discussion.
The balcony at the rear of the audito
rium was crowded with rooters from
both schools, and as each speaker ad
dressed the audience he was greeted with
three cheers and the school's yell and a
general "rough house."
The affirmative side was presented by
the Lowell High School, while the Com
mercial Evening School took the nega
tive.
The final debate for the championship
of Sub-League No. 1. Debating League
cf California, was held in the auditorium
of the Girls' High School last evening.
The question under discussion was,
"Resolved, That a reduction of the pres
ent protective tariff would be to the best
Interest* of the United States."
Commercial Evening Beats Lowell
for Championship of Califor- »
nia Sab-League.
pupils or two schools
ENGAGE IN DEBATE
La Grille is a carpenter, and a few days
p.r>, made application for a union card.
He is a good-looking man of about 15
yecirs, 5 feet 8 Inches in height and weighs
about 145 pounds. He is well dressed and
has the appearance of a professional man.
He says that he Is from Memphis, Term.
The officers could find no trace of the
badge, and La Grille admitted that he
threw it away a few days ago when he
became suspicious of inquiring persons.
La Grille maneuvered around Loa An
geles for a while longer and finally left
;with the woman for tht^ city. Before
; leaving he showed Thomas a supposed
r $20,000 United States bond and promised to
i have It cashed as soon as he reached San
. Francisco and send Thomas 5200 he owed
elm for board. Thomas Is still awaiting
the arrival of the money.
When La Grille left Los Angeles the
United States Secret Service agent was
notified to look out for him. Hazen got a
clew, and last evening he spotted his man
at Third and Market streets. He was
followed to his room at 770 O'Farrell street
and placed under arrest.
La Grille made no resistance, but asked
Hazen to be careful when searching him
and not touch a wound over his heart.
Hazen looked at the alleged wound and
became suspicious. Finally he tore off a
piece of plaster on La Grille's chest, but
could find no scar. f
The prisoner then admitted that he had
been faking all the time, and his woman
companion was very much surprised when
the officers pulled off the plaster, for she
¦was under the impression that La Grille
. was suffering from a wound that nearly
cost him his life.
L& Grille first Cashed bis badge on a
L/cs Angelea druggist, when, ho secured
some medicines and plasters for a sup
posed wound received during a conflict
with counterfeiters In Mexico. Shortly
after this he went to the home of Ben
jamin Thomas in Los Angeles and made
arrangements for room and board at the
place.
He went there, he said, on recoxnmenda
tloa of Mrs. Bessie Porch, who was stop
ping at the place, whom he had met on a
train coming from Denver. He seemed
Quite Intimate with the woman and a few
day* after arriving at the house the pair
•went away for a day and Informed
Thomas that evening that they had been
married In Biverslde.
William S. I*. Grille wa» axrettel l*at
evening by United States Secret Servloe
Agents Hazen and Foster and charge^
¦Rita impersonating a United States offl
cer. La Grill© had been wandering about
this city and Los Angeles for several
months, exhibiting a badge of a United
States officer, securing by his ruse the
companionship of a woman and $200
•worth of board and lodging.
La Grille's exploit is a peculiar one.
He was first beard of in Los Angeles last
July, when he ordered a badge bearing
the Inscription. "Assistant Chief, United
States Secret Service." Since then he has
been traveling around Impressing various
persons with the Importance of his call-
Ing as "Assistant Chief of the Secret Ser
vice Department," although no such of
fice exists.
Deceives a Woman and Swin
dles Los Angeles Man
Out of $200.
W. S. La Grille Poses as
a Secret Service
Agent.
BOGUS OFFICIAL
LANDS IN JAIL
THE SAN FBANCISCQ CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
48
v HALE'S. T HALE'S. ' ,|. HALE'S. \ HALE'S. 1 HALE'S. ; f HALE>S -
Hale's to the E^ront With Walking Skirts
BUV at Hale's. * Another striking example of Hale retailing. g # Not a poor style; not' a popular one overlooked; m^l r %S nn'i amJ touVst!!^
Another instance of Hale's market position. -Not a regular price to be asked. what we advertise, write us and we trill
J^.WXh5r£b5: ; Another proof of how close Hale's^tand to the source, of ItVgoo^ fortune^ the rarest type-such as falls to stores "«"»' !^___
You get eood service o^ed with; that >vhyi you come to Hale's you are right next They don't want to lose any time getting to work on the coming Taffeta Ribbon, 19C.
What you *e?b more iraoortant to th^ ct^- Look . at the. underwear, the stockings— the ready- season ' s stu ff. The quicker they can make that turn the better ,^ our bcst quaIity {uI1 4 inchc3
with us than what we get We to-wear millinery as well as these walking skirts — its a broad pleased they are. wide; one of to-day's strong items,
want to win your confidence— your . handling of merchandise and militates for economy as no other So they seek the Hale outlet . for it i s> a good 25c grade and be-
Si&-r£ t to$?&f3 i .SZ method, doe,.- - '' ¦.....,,. Three them to-day : ; , / |
you'll think of us riprht along when *t> mm />/\ «« --- -.-"-r a n/r « 4 ¦ *¦* w w ¦*•* •-» <-k« • xt»^-v rmmm it cheaper than ever. ioc.
htaftlfJt^r^t™!.. $5.00: Host qf Mixed Cloths Walking Skirts at $2.65 —
money. But we are making a bu«i- In this lot there are manv styles, perhaps not two alike; red mixed. In gray golfing cloth, nine-core kilted skirt in which the seams are C\&?\ Yt&WL Sll K
ness. We can't afford to build it brown mixed, blue mixed: trimmed principally with straps of the same ma- : stitched twice. It has that fullness at the bottom andthat snusrness at the \JFU#U\£rjraW>l»«»
upon the shifting bargain sands. terial and silk-covered buttons. hips that women are looking for in walking skirts. It's a good style.
on thfrick^ofauklirv "women skirts in the favorite mixtures a, well a, black. They come gS^r&ff'm'SSSiKf V™k 8J^ : &?^^"hiJ?4inty Invisible » the modern lining. It's the mak-
on tne^ocK ot quality. Women j n a panc j yokc effcct f ancy ta b s> atrlpes; over the hips are two bands, which cross in fro^t. forming a diamond ing of a gown; SO shades. 58c.
don t wait for a "bargain to come »*.•,.. ilti. . effect Blacks and browns. ' — — — - — —
to Hale's. They come because of $7-5°— A dressy corsctte skirt in a tan covert cloth. It has 14 gores strap- $3.95— Side-pleated skirts, in mannish tweed*; rrays and browns; with straps at Infante'* Whltfl HrPCCPC
the good goods and good service. P«d and stitched. It's beautifully shaped with.adash and swing few skirts the hips and flare at the bottom. imams "UUP l/lC3dS3.
• They know they'll pay as little as possess. 0^ . Dress Skirts r Also at $3.05. r>.,f ?i,-., ™ *^- m «^ rt «.
££ STL a» JtattaXi' to-S*- 1 **-"™ *& kiUe<I: bI " ks *-">—"•, Th^r. in brUHantines and Cheviot,, crefuliy tailored. ° Ut f% gl^ morro «-
that no one is in a better position $10.00— Handsome broad cloth walking skirts, trimmed with bias folds and $5.00 dress skirts are in cheviots and cloths. In fact we are as well fixed It » s a c i carancc o f a ]j o f t h cm
to offer it than Hale's. These deep pleats of graduating length on the flounce. in dress skirts as we are in walking skirts. Prices run up to $30 and $.15- t j, at s jj OW any handling what-,
six-stores do get advantages one- r~ry* nr* • « v « , • -w-^ , 9 . r\. f* :"w'.; : -g ever; some of them more than
ffi^pg&$:*m These Trimmed Hats Favpnte Dress Goods ot 5 h ord r «s« s
stockings, leather goods, ready- ; > ;-- .: - , 7Sc and $I00 drcss «. 50c
to-wear millinery ., and table . .«,..„ i $1.25 and $1.50 dresses. $1.10.
lmer V s - mmmmmm^ mmm^ mmm ¦ . (The latest and the best millinery news.) Scotch Suitings come first' We are splendidly well fixed with them and $1.75 and $3.25 dresses. $1.50.
. y. T . with the best grade of them, too. These are the original stuffs turned out $2.50 and $3.00 dresses. $1.7%.
AlT lNOteS. r^rn Nr-n Vnrk stvles ( iust here} $1 7? by P c ??.? fa c tor y in this country which is specially prepared and spe- $ 3 . 75 dresses, $2.50.
. itlO JVC JJ ror/t Styles {jusi nerej^i.js. cially skilled in this. sort of loom work. And we afe fortunate to have $5.00 dresses, $3.7.=;.
For those who are thinking } A stylishly made hat from our zvorkroom, $3.50. them as low as 50c yard. However, there are but a few pieces left at $6.00 silk dresses, $X7S.
of makinfr somethine for More of 'those $10 hats with ostrich plumes, worth $15. that price (36 inches wide and pure wool): rinwnctflirc
ui indKiyg buincuiing ior t r > o Then there. is another line at $1 and $1.50 and $1.75;. some in reddish mixtures. . LlOVYllSiairS,
Christmas. »r, . . ' • • „<. i^.. : fc> t~*.*u*^*. ~~a e -.«^ some in white, some in green. Colors pop out here and there in a Teck- '
The beauty is in the style; its freshness and and , css sort of a way> vivacity and sma^ tn ess to the cloth. The kitchen store has a mes-
Free embroidery lessons are be- appropriateness. Our New York milliners are sending US new Zibelines are next on fashion's list. $1.25, $1.50. $1.75 yard. All plain ef- , ,
Ing given. Another instructor is ,• . „„ >.t, (~..~ +;«,«o ,,,«.«1, r»,, .-«,„« ™^t-k fects, though we have a few pieces left of the fancy bouretted zibeline at sage 10-aay.
teaching the new stitches in lace creations by express three or four times a week. Our own work- $I35
work; another will help you to room is adding new ideas to the collection every day. Nothing Fancy Sanglier Suiting is another dressy cloth. It may be classed with fourteen everyoay articles, such
start your pillow top designs. . ~, . & . n XT nae f .¦ + . •„ _i' -e TUv,rirfv the zibeline family. It has a hairy, shaggy surface, but in a pebbly gran- as every housewite needs. iNot
These are all experienced instruct- lags. The hats sell. New ones take their places. The variety fte wcave . so inches widc $I 50 SB every one knows how cheap we sell
ors and are doing very appreciative is as rich and varied now as at any time. . Some staple Cheviots at 50c: 42-inch qualities; a long line of colors as well m '_
work just noW The interest is tlu-T«o styles: One is a hand-mL turban, crown of which is of vel- as h^ <B fn < «S - aSf lit^ BMt
growing daily. Uur classes are not vett facing of white and black worsted braid. It is trimmed with a /\/\ rn « »-» j < a% j- f tt j. O"> /\/\ a5 « Paxlor Brooms— Mads of full
all full, but they are filling up fast. fancy quill and buckle; black or black and white combination. J)O.UU DlclCK BrOadCIOthS tO at S2.0U selected corn. They're worth.
The art materials most used now The other style, for J1.75, is of velvet and braid, trimmed with ~u J +u 1 1 • - . " ,. U " .. , 7 T • •*'*** vr Y 35c.
iiic<u uwicu^suiujiuKuuun fancy feathers and ornaments; browns, castors, blacks or black and That s the first item m a stirring list of black goods. It is one of the 30c Mirror* — Suitable for the bath
Vt C J- ¦' sizes. 3 I-3C doz. white— 11.75. „ vi ; ¦ aristocratic English fabrics, soft, glossy, silky; 52 inches wide. We are room or the kitchen. 10 %xl5%
Medium sizes are 5c doz. 53.50 — a distinctive Hale hat stylishly made, with a crown of velvet and sorrv that w^ hav* hut a limited snnnlv nf it The other hlarV- trnnA* we inches.
Spangles, black, silver, gold or colon, 10c the black and white brim is formed with chenille and mohair braid liu, n r,I r ,R Sf 5 r i PP 7 ° * % "c Plour SlXten— Good substan-
bunch. and ruffles; a soft plume is fastened with a steel ornament. W1 " De prepared to sell are tial ones.
Indian B*ad*, all colors, 17c bunch. $10.00 hats are beauties'. They are trimmed with fine black and white os- 25c black cashmeres, 38 inches wide, at 19c. ' 90o Pood Chopper* — Perhaps one
steel Bead*. Oc bvmch. trlch plumes. We had such a success with them last week that we've 55c black granite suiting at 59c This is strictly an all-wool cloth. 45 Inches wide, °f the handiest articles for the
Tinted Pillow Tops, with backs tn assort- h a< j the entire workroom force making: these new ones for to-morrow. i n a hard finish; very dressy. ¦ kitchen. It enables one to make
J?ri2SJi d^5 l Vv.^ e h? ¦° m " Then we have a <;necia1 lot of Ready-to-wear 'Hats a sample line iust U.00 pebble. canvas cloth at 67c; 50 inches. ¦-• '¦:< i ' use of the scraps that otherwise
x| r SSM^STAtow Top an. g J h « tarfuJor. »•« *f k ™»« «* ? aris at 75c ' » COmM ln *?*» -wlvel design,; 43 Inches wide. KLT 2T 45J£mS!
The -^X son" Pillow Tod. * nov- are worth regularly $i.q,S to $2.50. ' ' '' { $1 Black Grenadines, 50C ) Black Taffetas «? n a " e - «»• ? r medium knife.
e» y . a California bear with real rur. ,1 — , . • A l^uUfiil «Un : .Wi«a «au^ mate- ¦ g M^. g Inc^^e. We. «* C £®5>?&Z$l£
Pillow cords with tassels. 3 f £*+ C| \\Tfk fWf* Vf* T%f*?% l£ J* 7ft. for «, «™ntef.«ow». S^bSS'^SStUdB&eS at 75c. kind that are sold elsewhere at
uet silverware s^i-^ir .»— peau de s ° i - g — • *jb«w- ¦* »— •
ners. 19c each.' Its brightness and beauty are particularly tempting. For it's new. The - . I9c^irthe. ilae^They^re^hem-
,-, . . . . styles are novel and original. Here s the grape design as natural as it can be. . ,-__ u- r-, , ,,STZ\ ¦ over the poles. 40 feet Ions.
Table LmenS. When it happens to be in a new butler finish it s even more charming. This fl - 3«»#5VT*H ! « N P % iA^H^ asc Plber Palis— 10 qts.
1 auicj^iitua. butkr Jdea g . vcs a neV sheen and tone tQ si j vcrware> i t . looks indeed as if j : i, 4 J&g>-&!? aJi S I I &£±k* ¦ " \ 98c p , ib / r f* 7 > »•«»— Used as
,. • j r. l j some butler had reallv overdone himself polishing. Then there arc new ideas 1 ? ' r^-& H 4-jf '.' k jT^\ 0*&*> 1^*^ 50c ri*«CM£wo£!' in in
Mercerised Damasks, SOC and fHUver gray and new Art Nouveau patterns. %ey invite you this week. . r>W^S ' ' '//! \ HjJ Cl l^ Bc ° oor "^^T^ 5 nam .i. a
6OC. Dessert spoons, "Rogers 1847." in Tea spoons, in shell patterns and L Mv^jSu f/\ - * / W <*Ss?l/^f vStf«S jto^liJFkESEIxrMX'™
'A Cream Bleached One 6k fanc^ P atterns ' scts of $I^: • s^ in finish, the famous Holmes & g& ly&X /£#« gl-^g t J/ y\ U aT^ o te SdSSS?
si Ksrcam oieacnea vne, o D c. Cake dishes, quadruple plated, satin Edwards kind; sets of 6, 05c. SzltfiS 7HtJLA> /Al Q 1**/ "Bath Room." or "Walk in." f
tt , , . \ 7,- finished and engraved. $1.50. Salt and pepper shakers, sterling sil- mmT^^7^ Hf ' /ft^^<^Q£S^M/ in. size. 150. 7 in. size, asc.
Hale S IS the safe linen Store. Cream pitchers, silver plated in satin ver tops. 25c. f^J^Sft^ft ' w [\ H Hn // 1 V>wJ&AV ft* W . - . , -- -
The nualities are safe* the finish. $1.25. Berry spoons, new patterns with cold jT' j J*T&^^?-3^V<V (H —/A *^^F-j55>^^T InfantS Wear.
ine qualities are saie, tne pick]c castor?i gi ass bowls on silver bowls, put up in neat individual of MjAX/S^PV W \ JlJ^- ~* '\Jrfz L - -\_
prices are safe. stands. $1.25. boxes, satin lined, $2. "# V M,,/ VI \T X/ . XJ—L/jTfT*' l^y/^^V 7 mia ™A C/,o»-A Cfe.'w,. <*-*
We surround every purchase with Large butter dishes silvei plated as Berry spoons, silver plated, satin fin- >^Hi / Bl / \ \t£iMzf fa^H^^\^ W f „?''?, ***"*> 2; > C '
all safeguards we know of— even well as silver-plated drainer. $1.50. ish and engraved, $1.50. ... - [ ( \ TEfgsaqffife / |^ \ —^^Oi^^ Finning Blankets, 25c.
S^S^S^ W«¥rZ HI !p#P?ip"Si The Christmas Dolls M^^^&§
: t & Child s set, including knife, fork. Black coffee spoons in fancy patterns, »me to-morrow. Hardly any
WMM^M to '%&£?& napkinring>all8il - <&*&£& of 6. IS Have Their Opening Display This Week. SS&nS^^
b % P V^ CC yL1ee f h C oT-well pre- . J ~ — j '_ , It's the city's first big spread this season. SS.S'deStSli t "JS S?^S3
SS d e r W 4SJ°it^ a f SJ£n cWh H 51 ti f\ lfP>VC H 1 pf Q F Y t f f\ One * hat holds unus " al interest for parents as well as the igS? Ae^SiSd othS «S,rSJfa
o? table S or linens bv the vard 1 1 d II U IVC it 1 1 1 C I & C A I FCl children. We will give every one a comprehensive idea of new Httle white dresses or bonnets and
the variety is ample to meet all' -^ , ' t * ' u a-l u a dolls and give them a chance to save money on some of them if even cloth coats in cream and white.
£K . f \ X™ gS* ar , c " ot P^tty enough, damtv -enough or good th WM f to buy We wish every . boy J d girl could see this ¦SSJSTS Jffl SJS^tfSft
Two examples to-day. enough to go at full prices. They would if they had to decide display. They'll see more dolls than they will likely see again nn ished°wit r h Silken
Mercerized Damasks. . t i ie question, but we are doing it. We say values. Here they are : this season. (We'll have to give up some of the space to other 25c. l c *'
They are white and fixed up in a , , , slsns In th« oornpr«i and «tm r*Virictmac +Viin<rc 1at«»r r>n *\ And lon^ skirts, cream flannel, with
way to look like J1.00 and S1.25 Worth 5C and 7 r / 2 C. *E 8 i^th lace bordlrl' Christmas things later On.). . white cambric waistbands; full
linens The beauty of it is they *'* flne lawn f wittv *,- Z \.u "' T . They'll see some dolls born since last Christmas: dolls whose hair can sJxo^ .Wr?« n'eavT D?nk 2 a M »,„.
The^ wa8h O w"en S and ke re5n t -th t eTr \ borders, pretty' lace insertion and 7^C— Worth IOC and I2^C. be taken of? and another kind of hair put on; dolls that act up. do almost any "rtriped^nls* fl^nel?w1to dm-
luster. 50c and 60c yard. 62-inch. fancy embroiderea corners. 12,000— Think how many. Hosts of acrobatic feat; dolls with celluloid heads and papier mache bodies; dolls all brie waistband; ages six months to
Napkins to match. $1.7S a dozen. c C -^ Worth 8 I-^C. : Sth C ii2?«1SS.rtfS? C Thi~ e «r« ht™ s made of steel, yet so perfectly molded and naturally finished one would never ™i!2LJ e KJ B JL 5 * , ».,? ..
Cream Bleached Damask,65C. ° 72 00 fancy lace handkerchiefs, with stiShe^'stTes! wit? e emb a r r o e id n e e r 1 ed know it. Then there are rag dolls even at $6.00 and.$6. S o tflg enough to go "gSMeiltPSd Sn'SSwf^Sft
A hraw worthv linen 2 vards wido hemstitched borders, lace insertion; corners; others with lace insertion ¦ to school. YO.iV *- ¦ ¦'¦• '"J ¦'-, brio waistband. 25c.
and in a^ "plendid ranle of Tat- others with pretty embroidered de- in the borders and in the corners. But sec them-and bi^v if prices are any inducement. — — — —
tems. women are finding out They're all clever, desirable, coveted handkerchiefs, and with . . --' : . . . Flannel finwtiQ AOr
lately that they get a heavier J ,.„,,,, . . Ini«f*»H Finite Oin InrlAcf t»iirf ihl*» Flnllc tin * UUW11J),
cioth by buying an unbleached one Christinas so near there will be double reason for buying now and JOintea U01IS, inaestPUCtlDie U011S, OC.
and that it is easily bleached. , • , • Zl'!%.iXu I ij4 inches long, with composition It has a papier mache head with Women's anH rniMr«i»«
' -/¦: ™ — T buying twice as much. body and head of bisque: real eye- curly hair, stuffed body. 14 inches Women S and liuldrens.
Lace Curtains. ( -.-^ . w^I Z — r*** T~ Iashes with eyes - that . open and shu , t: lonfir - a mM t «c*.ntmn a t „*«.
tmmm Big Bed Sheets 50c. WMIMliM^ 25cI W )olls It^-»il^
$I.Q5: worth $2.25, $2.50/ /r rr,, ,, „,.„ n • A heads, with sleeping eyes, pearly teeth ' i -j u j j 11 quality tennis flannel in pink and
Z ., Z J '(LCSS Than the Mm Price.) and curly N hair, composition body: And 35C kid body dolls at 2.1c ; blue stripes: made with a sanare
$2.95: ZVOrth $3.75. , ' J dressed with fancy slip, lace trimmed. Each of them have bisque heads. yoke- plain colored collars and rnff,
f /D 2%X2y 2 yards. r. as well as shoes and stockings. , pretty faceSj lacc stockines and sHp . Wom«?s SzS ll , xf 16 and 1 7
to T1 o"or P cL n rtafns remindCrS WherC And as good as they are big. . This Jointed Doll, 79c. pers; 13^'and 19 inches long. Children's sizes, 4 to 14 years.
And why it will pay you to buy It's the grade of sheeting in them you'll like as much as the Jfj 3 s P ea . a l va ! uc ' . t . , . . ¦¦ hcadls and eyes that' sleep, pmty B/i,., £ j, ,1
at once , • 6 lL . , V> • . 1 . iir . 1 he head is bisque, with curly hair. faces , with dimpled chins, woven wigs iWUSlC OT the llOlir
« * votHnrt.ni! m , TA , , nt ,„ lowpriCC — One that doesn t gO into 5OC sheets now. We got sleeping eyes, dimpled chin, white and ringlets, bisque hands; shoes and IW 1IUU1 *
WSSSSS^S^^ them before cotton went up. Will you be as fortunate and buy Sg^gSfe' SSSSKS? ,»SBrtfcJ«&£5S ' JJSUWS 1 4 Special Offer, at 18c
"5S^ iSwM M wS"«Si ! c ?i c s "°'- v before our P nces S° U P ? "•" "" ¦""","" ""Vuli ; »"? "teS^hSVwit^moySl Such as usually sell at 2;c.
Jf£E«:FM Other Low Priced Sheet, White W6o, B^ets, ,$ S . SV'£S£3SS "«|™ .TT.^T —^
52 50. , it w . ;t . nn .. -.j. fmm «. n v nc lid California ones, 5-pound y weight and jointed elbows, curly wig that is sewed n 3, ~ Prp^ y w«n.,« h Jo/- , Ke , st " . "Unto the American n«l*-
$2.95 — Fine window curtains for the White ones made irom spienaiQ j rt ,,t,u : -. X:~u *~a u~~ on- "1 in lontr Value, $1. 60. ners. Pretty bisque heads, sleeping "Sunset Waltz.' •
parlor, library or dining-room in grade of muslin for all sized beds, full double size, pink and_ blue bor- ''"j^V for another full-iointed doll. fyes. real eye lashes, woven curly wigr "My Red Carnation."
Ilrll3§lli m^m^MM \^?^^. a^asss'S sf-"&»« s .^ ». s .^ w
ter and some with dainty medium 72V2C, 2'/S yards wide. , .„ - . arranffements i at _i v to m ise. lace stockings, patent leather $1.45— Kid body dolla. with bisque One little price that strikes every
wide borders. They come in Ma- t> j c *i maae arrangements laieiy to s ii DDe rs Value J2.00. heads, moving: eyes, pretty white one's mrr*^ *»«*
dras, novelty and cable weaves. 9OC JtJea bpreadS. handle more of them, SO, we clipped $3.45— Beautiful "Kestner" doll, full teeth, dimpled chins, curly wigs. v
mmmm ——*-• . . . ... .. the nrice- full size 21X22 Jointed, with papier macho body, • bisque forearms that are riveted at th© \l .,„
rtil /oT JBP tST 200 of them for s P ecial sellinR this r° C , m ,, lt ! C Pf 1CC ' , , ... f .1 bisque head, moving eyes, natural elbows and shoulders; hips and knee
4»*r*. /£? 1» __, ,^. week- white crocheted ones for double inches; nlled with a splendid grade of curly hair. Chemise trimmed with lace Joints riveted, too; 18 In. long. Jv A
/J5r^ffl4£8^M+4$^ZJ&& beds.' • • clean feathers. and ribbon: 25 In. long. Other kid body dolls, 51.65 and 52.75. $£*^^r Z@$&
~^r^*7 Good Goods and Good ServiceMake Hale's a Good Store Vf^^?%
Market Street, Near Sixth - ¦ . ¦ •. ¦ ¦' .....•¦¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ _Market Street, Near SixthGuards to Speak English.
BERLIN, Oct. 24.— The , Prussian rail
way authorities have started classes for
The ex-Queen lives very quietly at the
resort and seldom visits or is visited. It
is said that she desires very. ; much to
visit Paris and It is understood that she
has applied to President Loubet for per
mission to do so.
PARIS, Oct. 24.— Ranavola III, ex-Queen
of Madagascar, who for some time has
been residing at Algiers, left there , re
cently and is now staying with her niece,
the young Princess Marie Louise, at Vlc-
Sur-Cere. ; - '
Deposed Queen of Madagascar Asks
President Loubet's Permission
to Visit Paris.
RANAVOLA .HI QUITS j
HER ALGERIAN HOME
The next day the Kaiser announced at
breakfast that he would Join Joachim and
Louise at their ball game that morning,
and he did so. Each time he got the ball
he threw it wide. Just as the children had
done with the sentry the day before, in
sisting upon each occasion that they
themselves chase it and bring it back.
After ceven or eight hundred yard dashes
of the kind, the youngsters, perspiring
and breathless, ran up to their father,
clasped him around the waist and begged
to be let off from further play. Then the
Kaiser, of course, used the occasion for a
sermon on respect for age and* considera
tion for the feelings of others, even sen
tries, and the children resumed their game
thereafter without making the soldier do
needless running.
Princess Victoria Louise is a blonde and
haa blue eyes— a typlcalGerman girl— and
KAISER'S OBJECT LESSON.
burdened with heavy accoutrement and a
Mauser. \
governess."
B ONDON, Oct. 24.— The romantic story
I of "British Prime Minister Balfour' s
¦¦" one heart attachment is -recalled by
the surprising appointment • of A1-'
fred Lyttelton to the Colonial Secretary
ship. ¦ . ¦ , :' >;•»-; <.'i;fo
Thirty years ago Balfour was in love
with the Hon. ; Mary Lyttelton, Alfred's
youngest sister. ¦ She was clever;.'cul
tivated • and charming, but delicate, - and
died in 1875 when only 18.
'Arthur Balfour was Inconsolable, ' and
the story is told that he entered. the death
chamber, removed his • ring and , placed it
on. her 'wedding finger,; pledging himself
forever to his dead- love. ¦:¦ ¦ • - . . ' .
; He has 'always remained a close friend
of . Alfred Lyttelton, - who several^ years
later married ¦ Laura ! Tennant,^the eldest
Bister of ."Margot" {Tennant, who now is
Mrs. ¦; Herbert Asqulth^and the. original of
Benson's "Dodo.". Laura Trtinant, a re
markably brilliant,' fascinating 'girl, at
tracted " all the intellectual ; men : and
women of "smart" society in her day,
but ;she,\ too, died' a few years after her
marriage.? The devotion between Laura
and VMargot" was intense, and the latter
was terribly, stricken by the bereavement.
•'Balfour,' the Lytteltons and all the
other-young people who worshiped at
Laura" Lyttleton's shrine devoted them
selves to consoling "Margot" for her loss,
and always" alluded to Laura- as "the
soul.": The ; circle these^formed became
known as"The Souls," who by/ their ex
clusiveness' as well as their intellectual
pretensions ; excited much envious critl-"
cism.'v-i.' *ftV' V
• .'•;:^> : ' ,- — ! — ¦ ? ¦ •' ,.
died recently, was secretly an ardent So
cialist. She subscribed large sums of
money to the party funds and attended
their congresses in disguise.
The Countess moved in the highest socl-r
ety, and none of her court friends had the
least suspicion of her Socialistic leanings.
It is stated that she regularly communi
cated information: of great political im
portance, gleaned in diplomatic circles, to
the: leaders 'of the Socialist party, who
made the fullest, use of it for purposes of
agitation. • >
\It (has^long been a mystery how the
Socialist newspapers have frequently been
able to publish the nrst news of decisions
COUNTESS GIVES AID \
¦ TO SOCIALIST LEADERS
Keeps Secret of Her Political Syin
. pathies and Carries Important
News From Court.
BERLIN/ Oct. 24,— Countess Oriola, who
of the Ministry and other similar political
events. Now, it Is known that the friend
at, court to whom they were indebted wa3
the Countess Oriola.
MANCHESTER'S WIFE
RULES THE ; HOUSEHOLD
LONDON, Oct. 24.-The Duke of Man-
British Premier Chooses for Colonial Secretary Brother of the Girl
Whom Death* Took From Him Years Ago.
Next the Laplander proceeded to criti
cize the Queen in his very broad native
manner, when some court officers opened
a door behind him and dragged /htm out.
King Oscar, however, had the spokesman
brought tn again, assured him that he
would not be harmed, and tried to Im
press upon him that U was not good form
to say what one thinks of women.
' When the royal party filed Into the
throne-room, where the Laplanders were
waiting, their spokesman shouted plain
spoken descriptions of the princes and
princesses as they came in. Pointing to
Prince Charles, he explained: "The long
cuss is Charles." and "the bag of bones
walking behind, his wife. Ingeborg. who
came from Denmark."
STOCKHOLM. Oct. 24.— The spokesman
of a deputation of Laplanders received
by Kins Oscar came near being thrown
Into prison for disrespectful language.
Only the King's good-natured Interfer
ence saved him.
Comments on Princes and Princesses
at Stockholm Leads to Lesson
in Etiquette.
LAPLANDER CBEATES
SENSATION AT COURT
LYTTELTON'S APPOINTMENT TO THE CABINET
RECALLS THE LOVE OF BALFOUR'S YOUTH
DAUGHTER OF GERMAN EMPEROR, WHO. IS BEING TAUGHT TO COOK: HER MOTHER, THE EMPRESS,
WHO SUPERINTENDS HER INSTRUCTION IN PRACTICAL HOUSEWIFERY; HER BROTHER AND PLAY
MATE, PRINCE JOACHIM, AND THE ROYAL PALACE AT POTSDAM. . _.' - .
Chester's purchase of Kylemore Castle
continues to be a nine- day wonder. Tha
World's correspondent now hears that tt
was wholly the enterprise of the youn?
Duchess, who Insisted on acquiring tha
place in the teeth of the strongest oppo
sition of her father and of her husband's
mother. The transaction was carried out
by Mitchell Henry's son. Lorenzo, who is
an old and Jntimate friend of the Zim
merman family, wRsm he frequently vls-
Ued in Cincinnati. He has known tha
Duchess since she was a child.
The Duke Is a mere cipher In the house
hold, where the Duchess is established as
absolute mistress. The purchase money
for the castle (about 5300.000) was paid
only In part, $150,000 remaining on mort
gage.
As she is the only girl in so big and bo
affectionate a family, and Is besides the
youngest of the Kaiser's seven children,
Princess Victoria Louise Adelaide Ma
thllde Charlotte— to'give her the full bene
fit of her name— would be badly spoiled
If It were not for her father's stern super
vision. Even as It Is, Bhe is an uncom
monly lively and headstrong little miss,
and time and again has made things un
comfortable for palace servants whose
duty it is to keep her under restraint and
never to let her out of their sight for a
second, day or night.
She delights especially In the farm life
at Cadinen, and used to dodge her at
tendant and slip away to the farmyards
whenever possible. One day last summer
when the Empress, had callers the. Prin
cess, bubbling with pleasure, dashed sud-'
denly into the drawing-room with a lit
tle pink object squeezed tight In her arms.'
Before any one could interfere she had
unceremoniously dropped her burden. Into
her, imperial mother's lap. The Empress,
who was wearing a choice gown, was not
overjoyed to find herself holding a suck
ing pig, and the guests gave up In despair
their attempts. to swallow their laughter.
The Empress got rid of the. pig as soon
as possible, and retired in haste to change
her dress. The Princess was ordered off
to her room In disgrace. What happened
to her there is a court secret.
The Princess has a tender heart, how
ever, and great confidence in her mother's
charitableness. She was deeply touched
the other day when walking out with her
governess by the distress of an old
woman who was weeping ostentatiously
In tho royal path. It appeared on ln
quffcy that the bereaved dame had lost
"her only cow," and had naught, left in
the world. The Princess felt in her pock
ets In vain for. stray coins, and the gov
erness declined to assist. :. V: ! '.
"Well," said the little girl, sympa
thetically, to the old woman, "you really,
mustn't cry any more now,' 'specially as
my mother is coming, and she • will buy
you a nice new cow. She's not like my
father's loyal subjects • lift their hats in
salute.' The most popular picture of the
little Princess is that showing her upon
the lap of the Crown Prince, her brother,
surrounded by her other five brothers— a
devoted and astonishingly good looking
set of royal children.
SOMEWHAT WILLFUL.
Many Interesting stories of the Kaiser's
children are afloat in the Fatherland, but
none is more eagerly retold and none so
common as those which indicate the wide
personal Interest which their Majesties
have always taken in the upbringing of
their big family. The Kaiser especially
has ideas about the efficacy of example.
It Is related of Princess Victoria Louise
and Prince Joachim, the youngest of the
children, that they were once playing a
game of ball in the palace yard at Pots
dam, at a point where they were directly
under their father's eye as he sat at a
window smoking his morning cigar. His
Majesty noticed that the favorite feature
of the game seemed to be throwing the
ball wide, in order that a sentry on duty
near by, in a spirit of royal obedience,
would each time have to chase it and re
turn the ball to the hands of one of. the
royal players. In the course of fifteen
minutes the faiu-ful sentry, the Kaiser
noticed, would be obliged to perform this
act as many as ten or a dozen times— a
somewhat fagging exercise for a man
As an only girl, of course, the Princess
has come In for an unusual amount of
personal attention from her mother, and
Is on that account a somewhat more than
model Sunday school scholar, for her Ma
jesty is deeply religious and of most char
itable and philanthropic Instincts. Indeed,
the Kaiserin's personality is little known
In German life beyond routine court ac
tivities and her constant affiliation with
church and sociological endeavor.
A favorite amusement of this busy lit
tle Princess is to visit the village school
at Cadinen and listen to the exercises.
She takes the liveliest interest in the
arithmetic classes and is accustomed to
nod her head approvingly when a small
pupil answers a question put by the
teacher and which the Princess knows is
correct. Like all royal children of ten
der years, Victoria Louise's training so
far has been at home at the hands of
private tutors. Besides the three R's
and the neyr cooking venture, she has al
ready become adept at plain sewing, and
gives promise of decided piano talent,
while a course in horseback riding, of
which her mother is passionately fond,
and of pony driving are i en her coming
year's programme.
ROYAL STUDIES.
delight, his working table In the Cadlnea
Echloss.
Visitors to the beautiful castle gardens
of Potsdam in the spring and summer of
any of the past three or four years have
often encountered Victoria Louise wheel-
Ing her doll family about in, dainty white
end-gold baby carriages as earnestly as
the most serious mamma In the Fatherland,
stopping now to tuck away at the quilts,
then stealing a fervent kiss from some
blue-eyed waxen figure beneath them. But
the Erapress, true to her own domestic'
Ideals, and those indeed of every typical
German mother, thinks the time has
come to fit the Princess out for real
household duties, and the miniature kitch
en at Potsdam is the immediate result.
The room In which her Royal Highness
¦will potter away her time over kartoffel
calat, kalbs-braten and other delicacies
dear to the German appetite is just off
the great palace kitchen, presided over by
*'Ob«rhofkuecher.meister" Huebncr, a
functionary Just as high and mighty as
his twenty-one-I*ttcred title — "chief court
kitchen master"— indicates him to be.
Huebner is the Princess" cooking teacher.
MODEL KITCHEN.
Her kitchen is a model on a reduced
6cale of the court kitchen. It Is equipped
with a tiny range of Its own, with sink
end racks of utensils, barrels, boxes and
chests, just as one finds them In the typi
cal, well-ordered German hausfrau's es
tablishment. It Is understood the Princess
Intends spendlns two hours in her kitchen
each forenoon, with the faithful and ex
pert Huebner at her elbow exposing the
Fecrets of the humbler recipes— tea, coffee,
chocolate, meat, soup and potato boiling,
Jiread kneading, etc^ for the Empress
v.-ants her to get the fundamental princi
ples of the chefs business first.
None of her Royal Highness' productions
has yet reached the imperial dinner ta
ble, ss far as the public's knowledge
goes, but I am told that the Princess has
affectionately warned her father and
mother that the is going to surprise them
EhortJy with something ell her own— and
epoch-making will be the day wtten she
".tries it on" her fond parents and broth
,crs. As the only girl In the Kaiser's big
family of boys, Victoria Louise has al
v.ays been very much of a pet and favor
ite, and it Is rsie to assume that the
Kraiser will watch her progress at the
pans and kettles v.Ith almost as much
I aternal interest as h*>. bestows upon the
development and destinies of his tine
navy.
The cooking lessons were suddenly in
urrupted a few weeks ago owing to an
outbreak of scarlet fever among some of
ttie castle Fervants, necessitating the re
moval of the court to the Kaiser's flne
country place at Cadir.cn. As a consola-
Uan^ for the loss of culinary Instruction,
L'ke millions of little girls of her age.
Princess Victoria Louise is about to
emerge from the doll and dollhouse stage
of her brief career, which numbered
eleven years exactly a week ago. Her
mother has humored her, of course, in
this most feminine of pastimes, and many
are the stories of how her Royal Highness
has mothered a brood of gorgeous silk
and satin babies In dollhouses that would
make an American youngster glad beyond
the dreams of happiness.
GCOD-BY TO DOLLS.
Princess Victoria Louise, who. It has
just been announced In an undoubted
burst of parental pride, has brewed her
first cuj> of chocolate unassisted, will In
herit her culinary talents as the daughter
©f her mother, tor the amiable, white
haired Empress Is famous far and wide
as a culinary artist par excellence. Bhe
learned to cook, as she purposes having
her daughter do, at the apron strings of
her mother, who was the Grand Duchess
of Schleswig-Kolstein. No meal set be
fore the Kaiser, whether simple breakfast
or gorgeous state banquet, is ever pre
pared without the supervision, more or
less direct, of his affectionate and most
domesticated wife.
sort of holy awe for royal dignity were
thrown Into a state of mild horror the
other day when it was announced that a
room la the r.ew palace at Potsdam had
been converted into a full-fledged kitchen
for the exclusive use of the little Princess
in order that she might learn the practical
side of housewifery while yet In her teens,
like the humblest peasant daughter in the
realm.
BERLIN, Oct. 24.— While Emperor
WlUlam Is Instructing Crown
Prince Frederick "William to be
a Kaiser and the rest of his five
boys to be soldiers and sailors
Err.prees Augusta Victoria is teaching
Princess Victoria Louise, the only daugh
ter of the imperial family, to be a cook.
Those patriotic Germans who have a
for which Victoria Louise has shown the
most lively fondness, she has been per
mitted to learn modeling In majolica with
her young brother. Prince Joachim, at
the factory erected by the Kaiser on the
Cadlnen estate, with the result that a
number of animals and birds modeled by
the two children have been sent to the
Kaiser and adorn, much to the makers'
looks Ilk* her father. She gives promise
of being tall and of attractive, slender
figure. She Is always tastefully dressed,
usually In white when she is seen in pub
lic, and her appearance in Unter den Lin
den, driving with her mother or her gov
erness, Is always the signal for much af
fectionate amusement, for she has been
taught to bow most seriously when her
their employes In which English , and
French are taught Englishmen and
Americans traveling In Germany ¦ often
feel the want of an Interpreter, and this
want will now be supplied. Guards and
assistant guards are to have opportunities
of learning English, and their promotion
will depend, among other things, on tho
progress they make in It. '
Little Princess Is Learning Practical jSide of Housewifery Un
der Guidance of Empress.
ONLY DAUGHTER OF KAISER IS BEING INSTRUCTED IN MYSTERIES
OF COOKING IN MODEL KITCHEN EQUIPPED FOR HER IN NEW PALACE
Pages 49 to 52
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
Pages 49 to 52* It has been several years since an actor
and a play have been accorded the hearty,
spontaneous and unanimous praise that
greeted Richard Mansfield in "Old Heidel
berg" on the occasion of the first pres
entation Monday, October 12. Our actor
not only raised his audience to a high
pitch of enthusiasm, but the critical fac
ulty fell in as they have not for Mansfield
or any other actor , heretofore. They
agreed that Prince Karl , Heinrich is the
most charming' as well as the most ' ar
tistic creation of Mansfield's since "Beau
Brummel," and "Old Heidelberg" they
stamped as the best comedy of a genera
tion. "Impersonations of wilder, stormier
force he has often accomplished," writes
William Winter, "but, , as ; the. old ¦ fable
aptly. teaches, the sun is stronger than the
wind; the highest power is marked not by
violence, but by serenity. Achievements
of this order maintain 'the dignity of the
dramatic art and prove Its"' value; mot
simply because they reveal the actor,, but
because they benefit the audience." 'Cyni
cal Alan Dale ; fairly, bubbled with praise
ful enthusiasm: " 'Old Heidelberg 1 , is more
Few productions within the local do
main have aroused the widespread inter
est that attaches to the Klaw & Erlanger
production of "Ben-Hur," that will be
presented, at the Grand Opera-house
throughout the whole month of Novem
ber. San Francisco is the only city in
California in which "Ben-Hur" will be
seen,' the Grand Opera-house stage being
the only one in the State sufficiently large
to accommodate the stupendous scenic
and mechanical appointments of the
drama, '. In view of this fact the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railroads will run
special excursion trains from all over the
State, the affair taking on almost the
character of a religious festival.
Possibly, "Ben-Hur" is best described
as a series of magnificent pictures, amply
borne out by a succession of striking dra
matic situations. The dramatization of
General • Wallace's famous book is >by
William Young, who is said to have car
ried out the author's ideas with remark
able fidelity. Again, author and drama
tist have been superbly assisted by the
highest art of the scene painter, cos
tumer and stage mechanician, no small
est detail that would add. to the Illusion
having been neglected by the generous
conscience of the management. The
Plays and the Players.
"Ben-Hur" at the Grand.
• • •
Mason and Mason in Dutch farce. "Ru
dolph and Adolph," will grve Its admirers
we'ek! 8ample of lt at tQe California this
"Spotless Town" is the Grand Opera
house s offering. No reflection on San
Francisco is Intended.
• •'.-'•
The Orpheum has a vaudeville carnival.
• • • >
?k K <?• . St<^ kwe11 wlu * ive distinction to
the Centrals large production of "Uncle
Tom s Cabin" this week In tho, chief role.
• • * '
'The, Paraders" are still filling Fisch
"A lion-slaying baboon" Is advertised as
one of the leads at tha Chutes.
• • •
"Under the Red Robe" will be presented
by the new stock company at the Alcazar
to-morrow evening. The company is ex
ceptionally competent and the play inter
esting. ? "^
;' };_ m * _* ' ¦'•-•
"The Masked Ball" Is one of the Tivoll
revivals for next week, with the able
Gregoretti In the lead. Borghese. the new
barytone at the Tivoll, and a local pos
session. Is running Gregoretti pretty
closely.
Those desirous of seeing several excel
lent types of Americanism should not
miss "Soldiers of Fortune." that Robert
Edeson and his fine company will continue
in at the Columbia Theater this week.
"The Storks," a new musical comedy, fol
] ri ML, _ *
lUWS* \
At the Local Theaters.
Frederick Latham, who is staging "Ba
bette," the new romantic comic opera by
Victor Herbert and Harry B. Smith, in
which .the Viennese cantatrice, Fritzl
Scheff, is to be starred by Charles B. Dil
lingham, has been ; associated in ; the past
chiefly with , grand opera " and " he 1 uncon
sciously fancies that American chorus
girls understand all the technical terms
used , on - the foreign : operatic stage. One
of his favorite words is. the French "audi
tion," meaning "trial of voices." .A lot of
chorus girls were at his office the other
day. 1 One by one they were admitted to
the august presence.^ Finally r a shy little
thing, toddled In. , She wanted an engage
mentjQpg jteflKiaggtemiupaaBft
"Come to-morrow," said the stage man
ager, "to the_ rehearsal at .the '¦ Broadway
Theater.. We will then-have an' audition."'
• ¦ • •
than pretty and Idyllic. It touches. It re
juvenates. Go and get your wrinkles
pressed out. Be young." Erudite Heune
ker of the Sun, among many enthusiastic
bursts, said: "Mansfield seemed very
youthful. He is quite slender and romped
gayly over the scene. His wig Is auburn
and he kissed his sweetheart so long, so
lingeringly that henceforth the 'Mansfield
kiss' shall be blazoned in history with the
Abbott and Nethersole kisses." The im
personal critic of the Telegram wound
up a three column paean with this tooth
some paragraph? "To the disillusionized
and the world weary 'Old Heidelberg' is
recommended. It will drive away the
blues, it will bring back summer and the
sun and those dear lost days of one's
tropic youth." Whoever writes on the
Herald said: "It was the universal ver
dict at the last curtain that a more ar
tistic, reljned and finished production of
a play of the kind has rarely if ever been
given In New York. Through all moved
the central and lovable figure of the
young Prince, splendidly played by a fin
ished actor in full sympathy by training,
association and feeling- with his role." A
scholarly, scribe on the Press liked every
thing as well as his fellow critics and re
ferred to "Mansfield's amazing versatility
and inexhaustible \ resource," and the
World thought "Mansfield was at his
best in 'this brilliant play, so charming
ly produced." In the Evening World
there was a patter of superlatives— "As
actor and manager he fairly outdid him
self. • • * There wasn't an instant when
Mansfield wasn't supreme."
This critic had. a good deal to say
about the Mansfield kiss, too. ¦ In the
Times was a scholarly report. It was
keenly appreciative of the fundamental
human note in "Old Heidelberg" and of
the artist's grasp of the many opportuni
ties for differentiation. Among other
things he said: "Mr. Mansfield's Karl
Heinrich is a worthy portrait In a gal-,
lery of worthy portraits— one which will
possess a permanent charm for all those
who love good acting, who can enjoy in
the theater something more than a pret
ty story, prettily told and who find
pleasure In the revelation of a character
study that is as convincing as It Is
charming.". ,A11 in all, t!here has not In
years been such unanimity in praise of
a player and play. Mansfield . remains in
New York only until November 9. Then
he goes to Pittsburg for a week on the
way to Chicago. On his way to Boston
for the holidays he plays "Old Heidel
berg" in ; Buffalo,- Rochester, Syracuse
and Albany. In January and February
he plays the larger cities of the Atlantic
seaboard and New Orleans. St.* Louis,
Cincinnati and Cleveland . will also see
"Old Heidelberg" in the. spring, and
then Mansfield goes to San Francisco,
where he appears for the first time in
nine ; years.
And then, after I had learned his ideal
and hobby, I discovered the dream of
Mr. Edeson— truly notable. It is some
day, when he is rich enough, to find an
American Stephen. Phillips to write a po
etic Indian play, and to produce it In all
possible beauty. " "Not that I wish to
act In it," he said, "but that would be
my way of contributing something, to the
American drama."
"And what did you do with them?" Mr.
Edeson gravely Indicated -the cavaliers
in attendance.
"Took them with us," Mrs. Edeson
laughed.
"You are braver .than I, gentlemen,"
he bowed, as with " Miss Tennant they
went out again into the morning sun
shine.
Mrs. Edeson told me then several things
that her husband had neglected to men
tion, one that his chief hobby was pic
ture "making. In their home at Sag
Harbor he has a great studio under the
roof, covering the entire space of the
house, where he betakes ' himself and
makes things beautiful sometimes, but
always Interesting to the painter.
"You do not tell about my portrait that
you threw out of the window," the actor
added, looking proudly at the little lady
at his side. "I painted a portrait of my
self In a mirror, that I thought the finest
thing that ever happened. She threw it
out of the window."
"It wasn't like you a bit," Mrs. Edeson
murmured.
Then, tiny and plump, and with a dark,
vivacious face, and brilliant gray eyes,
little Mrs. Edeson (Ellen Burg) came In,
followed by slim Dorothy Tennant, Mr.
Stirling and another member of the
Edeson company.
"She has bought only fourteen dresses
and sixteen hats," Miss Tennant gaily
told Mrs. Edeson's husband.
"No, I'm not built for it." and then he
made the critical appreciation before al
luded to as to his "baby grand piano
legs." "Why should every one want to
do Shakespeare? One is always up against
an impossible ideal In attempting it, to
begin with. That is not fair to the actor.
One remembers only the good" of former
players, the Booths, Barretts, McCuI
loughs. It is impossible fairly to com
pare a present performance with a mem
ory." £(¦•¦*; • :
ROBERT EDESON. WHOSE AMBITION IS TO ADD TO THE PRESTIGE
OF THE AMERICAN DRAMA, AND A SCENE FROM THE DRAMATI
ZATION OF "BEN HUR.".
"That book, by the way," indicating
the London book, "contains one of the
strongest ideas for a play that I know
of. If the author had the genuius to
take a man, put him through the same
experiences, relatively, as those through
which the dog of the book goes, he would
have one of the strongest plays ever writ
ten."
"Wouldn't it border on the problem
play that I understand you do not like?
You don't like them?"
"Hate 'em like the deuce — pardon me;
there's some slang one can't deny one
self. One has to use it and apologize
after," he ingeniously put it. "But I
think not as to the play. No, I don't
like problem plays. Maeterlinck, Suder
mann, and so on. I neither like nor un
derstand them. I . eet back after them
to a Rood American cowboy and say,
'Thank God, there are such people." I
believe you should keep the morgue and
the sewer off the stage."
"And yet you are not at all against the
matinee Kirl's hero."
Mr. * Edeson looked hurt as he said:
"There are no more matinee girls."
I dragged up several examples of the
caramel contingent near home, only to be
met with: "They've all gone, then, to the
ten, twenty and thirty houses. The high
er type of girl Is an athlete herself and
no more a worshiper of the man beau
tiful than of the beautiful woman actor.
By the way," he laughed genially, "did
you see that Billy Faversham was 111?
No? It was In to-day's paper. And what
pf do you think? He is a great matinee
hero. Of all the unromantic things—bil
iousness! That made an awful hit with
me."
"How did you come to be an actor?"
I asked.
"Well, I was no good at anything else,"
Mr. Edeson owned. "I tried everything.
I was a nice boy, I believe, but didn't care
to work. I had ranched in Texas, done
all sorts of outdoor things, and ). could i
not settle down to commercial monotony.
The direct way of my coming to the
stage— the story has the fringe of the
press agents — was through newspaper
work. I used to do , the theaters for fua
sometimes, and one day I asked for a
part and got it. it wasn't a success, but
I'd found what I wanted."
- " Yo , u haven#t any Shakespearean long
•?•»¦• . "'"¦¦-¦ '
ing with the gleam of Texan stars he has
elept beneath, his whole clear-cut, square
jawed face alive with the patriotism that
is his strongest characteristic.
"Yes, I want American characters and
American plays," the actor said earnest
ly. "I have just made arrangements now
for the dramatizing of an American
story— Califomian-made, by the way, 'The
Conjuror's House,* by Stewart Edward
White."
"I'm ashamed to say I don't know it."
"Fine story,'* the actor said. "Hudson
Bay story, 600 miles from anywhere. And
White's lived it all. Do you know, him?
No? He's a bully, corking American!
I've just been at his place in Santa Bar
bara. I well remember when I first met
him. It was about this play. There wai
some misunderstanding and I telegraphed
him to come to me at Baltimore. He
came. He had on a rattlesnake hat, that
he told me he had not had time to change.
We settled up the business in ten min
utes—we're neither of us business men.
He sat on one side of the table, I on the
other, and wrote each other a letter.
That was all. Then— White is seemingly
a thinnlsh chap, ndt strong— I asked him
if he wanted to take off his coat. I did,
and thought he did. He beamed, and
then I began to roll up my sleeves/ 'Do
you do that, too? Thank God!' he said.
But you should have seen his muscles
Jump up In knots, my arms were child's
arms compared with his. And he has
clear, blue eyes like a child's, and the
whitest, finest skin you ever saw"
which picture of a Californlan author you
will not get every day, look you!
"That's his book," and Edeson nodded
to the top of the little desk at which he
had been writing when I came in. "I
was Just laughing as you came in at the
variety of my library tip there." There
was the aforementioned and another book
of White's, '7000 Mispronounced Words,"
"The Cynic's Calendar" and Jack Lon
don's "The Call of the Wild."
¦ In •, the : first * place it purposes a com
plete ; reversal of the system i of theatrical
management in - America, ; where - it has
David Belasco Is seriously considering
the advisability of withdrawing all his at
tractions , from the road . at the conclusion
of | their, existing contracts | and | confining
himself hereafter to management in New
.York City. • The suggestion in itself is suf
ficiently startling to cause the utmost sur-
Rose Coghlan will shortly leavethe cast
of "Ulysses" and begin her starring tour
in ."The Greatest Thing in the World."
Miss '. Coghlan's success as , Penelope in
Stephen Phillips' poetic drama of "Ulys
ses" has induced Charles Frohraan* to
make her a most tempting offer to re
main in the part. Previous arrangements
for her starring tour have, however,
made "the acceptance impossible. Next
summer Miss Coghlan will visit 'Europe
in search of a new play.
The production of "Mile. Napoleon."
with libretto by Jean RIchepin and score
by Gustav Luders.'will be given by Anna
Held at New Haven to-morrow night.
Following this engagement Miss Held is
booked for a month in ' Philadelphia, at
the conclusion of * which time she will
scintillate on the stage of the Knicker
bocker Theater for as long a period as
the circumstances may warrant. There
are very enthusiastic reports concerning
not alone the quality of "Mile. Napoleon,"
but the magnificence with which Mr.
Ziegfleld is clothing It. Those in a posi
tion to speak with authority say that no
work of this character has ever been put
forward in this country with such an
utter Jack of regard for the expense in
volved.
Before John Drew terminates his en
gagement in New York he will present a
new piece at several matinees. In the
event of the new play scoring a substan
tial success he may devote the entire last
week of his engagement to this produc
tion.
It may be said that the dramatic topic
of the season thus far in New York has
been the appearance of Mrs. Fiske in
Ibsen's "Hedda Gaoler" at the Manhat
tan Theater. This Is the second Ibsen
play in which Mrs. Fiske has won dis
tinguished success, the first being "A
Poll's House." Her success in "Hedda
Gabler," however, has been most remark
able from all viewpoints, transcending
that of any player in an Ibsen drama in
this country. And having carried into
effect a long contemplated design to ap
pear in this play, Mrs. Fiske, when op
portunity offers, will produce another Ib
sen drama, "Rosmersholm," in which
also her success may be predicted. "R/js
mersholm" is even stronger in its appeal
than "Hedda Gabler," and the character
of Rebecca West, In which Mrs. Fiske
will be seen, Is probably unequaled among
Ibsen's women roles for its strength and
dignity, while it has a wider sympathy
than most of his other women.
Now Miss SchenT can speak English as
she is set forth in thfc grammar ' books
very well, but is a littre "shy", on Amer
ican idioms and slang. So she asked Mr.
Dillingham for a translation of "quit us
nit." He answered laconically but feel
ingly, "Kept your contract."
Fritzl SchefT. whom C. B. Dilllngham
lured from grand opera by the offer of
the decoration of tho Order of Stars of
the First Constellation in the Stage Sky,
a private car, large type — larger than any
body else's — and much salary — arrived
from Europe on Tuesday, in spite of ru
mors that she wasn't coming, and imme
diately started rehearsing for her appear
ance in "Babette," the new opera by Vic
tor Herbert and Harry B. Smith. In the
mail waiting her arrival she found a
postal from an admirer, reading:
Of fun
And song
I dream
Of you
The whole
Night long.
Box office figures are not in the best of
repute, so that when occasionally you find
honest and truthful ones they are chary
about thrusting themselves forward for
fear they will be treated with the con
tumely that their less scrupulous fellows
have brought on the whole class, and
for that reason it is difficult to make dear
the unprecedented success that Maxine
Elliott has made at the Garrick Theater,
New York, in Clyde Fitch's best play,
"Her Own Way." The theater is crowd
ed to its Utmost at every performance and
every record for the amount of money
received through the box office window
has been completely eclipsed. To meet
the demand Wednesday matinees were in
augurated last week and the theater was
crowded just the same. In the audience
of 1909 people on Wednesday afternoon
there were only ten men present. V
"Dear me," said the little girl blushing.
"I don't know whether mother would like
it, but I'll 'ask her."
The first production in English of Ver
di's "Otello," by Henry W.\ Savage's
English Grand Opera Company at the
Academy of Music In Brooklyn received
the highest praise from the critics. The
Academy of Music was crowded, as it
has been throughout the English opera
season, and the presentation of "Otello"
was received with marked enthusiasm.
Henry W. Savage's English Grand Opera
Company began a limited season at the
Tremont Theater In Boston on Monday.
Henry B. Harris dedicated last Mon
day night his new Hudson Theater on
Forty-fourth street, near Broadway.
This, the latest addition to New York's
handsome playhouses, is, in Its architec
tural lines, of the Graeco-Roman school
and has been voted by many of New
York's leading architects "the most art
istic theater In America." Miss Ethel
Barrymore in "Cousin Kate" was the in
augural attraction.
Here Is one that Harry B. Smith, the
librettist of "The Girl from Dixie," in
which Irene Bentley is starring, tells at
his own expense: "We were in Chicago?
where one of my pieces was being played,
and the management concluded to give a
performance in the city prison. The pa
pers were full of the project, and Wilton
I^ackaye, who happened to be in town, re
marked: 'Smith ought to be satisfied
now, for he has an audience at last that
can't get away.' "
Now, "Warfleld goes farther In regenera
tion of Shylock' s character, and says he
was not avaricious.
Macklin played the part along the lines
adopted by every subsequent Shylock. He
made him revengeful, tragic and heart
broken* at his defeat by Portia.
He followed out his idea with much
trepidation. After his performance all
social, literary and professional London
¦waited to hear what Alexander Pope, the
great little man of Twicken. would say.
Pope tapped the successful actor on the
shoulder and said:
This is the Jew
That Shakespeare drew.
Warfield insists that the unpopular Ve
netian was not avaricious at all," but
merely actuated by an honorable desire
to get all that "was coming to him."
Previously to Macklin's time. Shylock
had always been represented as a funny
old man wearing three hats and bearing
a low comedy knife with which to scrape
Antonio's wishbone. The failure of his
plans was always discounted by the audi
ence, which regarded the situation, not
as a catastrophe averted, but merely as a
ludicrous episode.
David Warfleld, the star of "The Auc
tioneer," has revived the Ideas of Charles
Macklin, tho associate of Kitty Clive, Peg
Wofflngton and Colley Cibber, in refer
ence to the personal attributes of Shy
lock.
Lewis Morrison says: "I am glad Ade
lina Pattl Is coming over to make a fare
well tour, because I hatjs to be all alone
In this farewell tour business. Mephlsto
in "Faust" has become second nature
with me, and now that I am taking actual
leave of my friend, the devil, I am bound
to confess that I have found him to be
Buch a Jovial companion that it hurts me
to say good-by to him."
• ¦':•"• r .\T*
"I am at present Inclined to think I
shall either build or rent another theater
in New York, which will enable me to
fill all the time of my stars and make as
many productions as I care to undertake
from year to year. Railroad transporta
tion has become an Important factor In
my present state of mind. To carry 'Du
Barry' about the country, for instance,
with its special cars and special trains,
my transportation in a season costs me
$65,000." . i .£ „
been supposed that most of the profits of
amusement enterprises were derived from
their tours outside the metropolis. More
over, "Belasco himself has been carrying
through the country in the oompletest
possible fashion some of the very heaviest
dramatic productions ever shown upon
the American stacre.
Many of these have drawn enormous
audiences, and it was generally supposed
that the author-manager was entirely
satisfied with the results of his labors in
ottfer cities as well as New York. Ques
tioned upon the subject the other even
ing he said:
IT WAS beautifully apropos; almost
miraculously to. Th» thine could
not have been better stage managed
by David Belasco himself. But for
the almost Impossible unstaginess of
Mr. Edeson, who is "Bob." one- might
even have suspected rehearsal.
It was this way. When I betook myself
to Mr. Edeson's hotel, the elevator boy,
receiving credentials of my right to be,
and there, trustfully pointed out "room
SO. to the right." He did not seem to think
It necessary to waste the card that I was
lightly fingering, and who was I to doubt
his judgment? Bo to "room £0" I went,
and meekly did my own* knocking. ,\. ¦
"Come in," the cheerful Edeson voice
said, to a probable ganymede with ice
water.
"I"— I hesitated, slightly opening the
door.
"Oh!*' said Mr. Edeson, flinging it wide
open. "You are — of course — yes! Come
in."
He stood there, coatless, looking in his
breezy negligee— gray- tweed and tan
shoe? as to his lower lengths, blue tie and
lightly-striped soft shirt for the rest — as
well as a clean-limbed, bravely-shouldered
American gentleman may, and as finely
unconscious of the fact. It was the Gib
son-Davis Ideal to the letter. On© even
glanced Involuntarily around for a som
brero and a neat gun, but found only a
pair of heavily beaded moccasins that Mr.
Edeson later confessed to finding very
comfortable. I was quite regretful when
the actor be-tweeded his broad shoulders
t'» match what he uncivilly calls his
"baby prand piano less." but acutely con
vinced that the former picture had not
been posed.
Mr. Edeson was by way of being de
lighted with his and "The Soldiers of
Fortunes" reception of the evening
lefore— this was Tuesday— not more de-
Ifphtr-d than surprised, however. West
ern judgment had developed even more
than its usual piquant novelty, he con
fessed, and dropped into his coat, a chair
ar.d the discussion at the same time.
"Pleased? Delighted:" he replied, as I
asked if their San Francisco welcome had
not satisfied the Edeson company. Then,
v.ith his quick, boyish. Infectious laugh,
that begins and ends anywhere and
everywhere, he said: "Perhaps you can
not understand jwst how pleased we are.
You can't! For you haven't played
through the woods from Texas here!"
"Too true," I confessed.
"Curious what a difference it makes,
•playing up' to San Francisco and down
from it"—
" 'Playing up? 1 "
"Oh. beginning with the smaller towns
instead of San Francisco," Mr. Edeson
explained, settling comfortably into his
chair. He flung his arm lightly over the
back of it. crossed his legs in charac
teristic attitude, all to the furtherance
of the Gibson illusion. "San Francisco
sets the time for all the West," he went
on, "no doubt of it. Though we were
successful enough on the road, it would
have made a considerable difference if
we had played here first. And we felt
somehow that we did not know Jus! where
we stood last night. We were all as nerv
ous as could be— you think not?"
I had looked a little natural Incredulity
as I recalled the sparkling performance
of the evening before.
• "Wait until you have played one night
stands from Texas to here," Mr. Edeson
threatened, then repeated and empha
sized. "We were all nervous, but the
thing began to go so well that we soon
felt it was all right. Then came the sur
prise. Do you know that San Francisco
Is the only place where our last act fell
flat?"
"No— nor why you should look so
amused about it?" I queried. The actor's
clear, direct eyes held unmistakable ap
proval.
"Because— well. I think that way my
self. " he said, flinginc up his head in a
hrave. boyish way. Mr. Edeson's sturdy
honesty is not his least marked trait.
"Not that the act could well be differ
ently handled. But I said to my wife
last night in the middle of it, 'They're
on to the act.' and you were. Other
places, too, they have cried In the third
act, where the President's wife throws
the people's money back to them while
Hope waves the auction flag out of the
window!"
"And we didn't?"
"You didn't." Mr. Edeson echoed with
sympathy. "The first two acts are of
course the brst."
"They are excellent" —
"And really, the others usually carry,"
he continued. "But it needs a snap and
zip that weren't there last night. What
mi it that appealed to you as particular
ly inconsistent, by the way?"
"For one thing, the charming insouci
ance with which Miss Langham and King
make love while Miss Langham's sister
«s !n danger of her life, and the collected
ness of Papa Langham— whose anxiety
about some impending tamales under the
same circumstances is truly touching.
Also, their picnicky way of saving their
own fkins while the young girl's fate is
still undecided." I replied. "And why, by
thp way, did Mr. Thomas decide to ignore
Mr. Davis' fact that Clay's first love was
Alice LAngham?"
Mr. Edcson's manner boded the reply
unanswerable as he said: "Well, do you
like the vacillating man?"
I couldn't help it, and blandly answered,
"Yes, why not?"
My reward was immediate in a delight
ful gasp from the actor. He sat up very
straight, opened his gray-blue eyes their
widest. then slapped his knee and
laughed: "Well, I never heard a woman
fray that before. If it had been, a man
now—. But that is why Mr. Thomas
changed the stors", the average dislike — "
"Feminine — "
"Feminine, for the vacillating man," he
closed, and set me down a type — mea
culpa!
"You have been a Thomas' hero before,
Mr. Edeson."
"I -was the first Denton In 'Arizona,' "
he replied simply.
Then I remembered that before me,
after Nat Goodwin, was the strongest,'
most distinctively American personality
on the stage, that Mr. Edeson's ideal Is
the exploitation of the purely American
character, and his dream the encourage
ment of the purely American drama.
Then it was that I asked him concerning
these things.
"The American, pure and simple, al
ways appealed to me. ' Why not? There
Isn't anything on earth better than a
good American." he said, and I wondered
if there was anywhere a more earnest
American face as he said It. "The out
of-door American particularly appeals to
me, I think perhaps I began to feel my
Americanism more strongly in London,
that I decided there that what I liked
was best for me to do. I went to play
with Wilton Lackaye there in 'The Chil
dren of the Ghetto.' We played the Adel
phi there tor one consecutive week— to a
bunch ot fog. We never knew there was
anything In the house, but just played on.
There must have been, though, for the
critics were very kind, but they said I
was too aggressively American for any
use. They mentioned my virility— they
all do—"
"I remembered that I had forgotten to,
this morning," I regretted.
• "Oh, you did! But you Bald 'manly* in
stead, didn't you," the subject reminded.
"I think, though, that xny London ex
perience convinced me as to my metier,
and I've followed It ever since. Par
ticularly the out-of-door, American ap
peals to me. I've lived the life, believe In
it. and it'» a good enough ideal," and Mr.
Edeson's broad shoulders straightened
over lungs that have drunk deep of the
wide air of the prairies, his eyes deepen-
In a barren valley Amrah comes upon
the leper mother and sister. She Im
plores them to go with her to meet the
Savior. They consent, and on the road
pass Ben-Hur, who, worn out with seek
ing them, has fallen asleep on a rock.
Tirzah stoops to kiss him. Her mother
draws her back and whispers "Unclean "
The lepers and their faithful servant
kneel and pray upon the hillside. The
Christ Is not visible, but a great radiance
that emanates from him floods the pic
ture. It falls upon the kneeling figures.
The hideous whiteness of the lepers
changes to the hue of health. They rise
proclaiming themselves healed. Ben-Hur
leads Esther to them. She kisses the
women. A chorus of "Hosanna, Ho
sanna, Hosanna, In the Highest," closes
the scene and the play.
To Ben-Hur In the old palace of the
Prince of Hur comes Amrah, the ser
vant who has followed the sad fortunes
of the Prince's outcast mother and sister
She kneels before him and tells him that
they have become lepers. The grief of
the Prince at this new and greatest blow
Is pitiful. He remembers that the Narza
rene has healed such Ills as these. "With
Amrah he sets forth to find him;
Iras, a beautiful and dangerous Egyp
tian, in whose company the young He«
brew Is, notes this look and smiles. But
Iras knows well her power. She hears a
desert sheik invite Simonldes. E3tnpr
and Ben-Hur to a feast. She sees Ben-
Hur follow the father and daughter from
the tent, but leans back easily among her
cushions, toys with the silken fringe of
her tunic and softly sings. Ben-Hur hears,
flushes and turns back and Joins the
Egyptian- charmer. Simonldes screens
Esther's eyes as Ben-Hur floats past In
an Egyptian barge, with Iras, among her
cushions, Btlll smiling and softly singing.
The picture of the exterior and great
gateway of the circus of Antioch comes
next. Messala has seen Iras and coveted
her smiles. Ben-Hur, angry at the small
triumphs of the man who had so deeply
injured him, remonstrates with the lady.
Angry In turn, dazzled also by the Ro
man scarlet and gold, Iras discards Ben-
Hur for th© Roman, and the Hebrew's
Ecore Is yet one deeper against Messala.
Then we see the arena. The Jew and
the Roman are driving for what la
sweeter to them than their lives— revenge.
Messala bends far over his 'chariot. His
horses seem to have wings. He is ahead.
He shouts triumphantly. Ben-Hur too
leans far over his chariot. His Arabian
horses plunge forward in a grand "spurt"
and pass the goal. The Jew has won.
and the curtain falls upon the flush of
his victory.
The ship is then attacked and sinks.
Ben-Hur seizes the wounded tribune In
his arms and Jumps with him into the
sea.
The next scene la In the house of SI
monldes, an aged merchant of Antioch.
Simonldes is lamenting that his magnifi
cent surroundings are a mockery. "Slave
you are In spite of all," they seem to
shriek at him. He confides the secret of
his slavery to his daughter, Esther. "Rich
as we are, you and I and all of this be
longs to. the house of Hur." he say3.
Esther kneels and prays.
Then follows the picture of the Grove
of Daphne, wherein beautiful nymphs
weave their spells. It is to this grove
that Simonldes and Esther have Jour
neyed In their search for Ben-Hur.
Prayer had shown Esther her and her
father's duty. They must find their
owner, and render up themselves and
their riches to him. In the Grove of
Daphne they meet Ben-Hur, returned
from the seas. He Is touched by tha
magnanimity of their sacrifice. He raises
the father and daughter to their feet,
looking reverently and tenderly at
Esther.
A Roman officer appears and looks In
differently at the crew, his careless eye
stopping at the Jew's figure. He per
ceives that Ben-Hur Is a man of gentle
blood and asks him of what crime he is
accused. Ben-Hur tells him, and also
states that he Is innocent. "They all say
that," replies the tribune; "go back to
your oar — but forward there. Unlock
this man's chains."
Next follows the picture of the galley
In which Ben-Hur Is chained. The interior
of the big brown vessel Is shown. The
slaves at either end, half naked, each
handling a single great oar. show white
against it as the cloth wrapped about
their weary bodies. A big. brutal Roman
sits on a low platform, beating time for
the strokes of the oars.
brew prince, his face, his garb, his man
ner those of an ascetic, and Messala, the
brilliant, cynical Roman soldier, In
scarlet and gold. The friends fall to dis
cussing the supremacy of Rome, and the
clash inevitably comes, Messala leaving
In hot anger. Looking then from the roof
on a passing procession of Roman sol
diers, Ben-Hur and hl3 sister see that a
stone has been thrown and has felled a
soldier. In an Instant the cry is raised-
It seems to come from Messala — "that
stone was thrown by Ben-Hur, the Jew."
There Is a rush of soldiery to the house
top: Beri-Hur is dragged away to the
galleys, and his mother and sister are
thrown into prison.
"chariot raee," witn Itm Illusion of flying
landscape and swiftly galloping horses.
Is world-famous as a chef d'oeuvre of
stage management. Nor does the rest of
the production, though less -wonderful
from the mechanical side, fall below this
scene In completeness, correctness and
splendor of appointment.
As told In the play, the scenes com* In
the following order, the salient points of
the story having all been carefully pre
served.
There is, first, the picture of the clasn,
of masculine wills, and the resultant ruin
of the house of Hur. The scene Is on the
roof top of the Palace of Hur. overlook •
ing Jerusalem, with flat-topped Oriental
houses stretching away into the opal
haze of the distance. y 1 ¦'¦¦-.-
Enter Ben-Hur, the devout young He-
¦ .-.-..¦ ¦ - - - - . , . . ¦ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
50
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKAmerican Foresters.
COURT Seal Rock of the Foresters of
America gave a grand ball In Native
Sons' Hall on the evening of Novem
ber 2L
Grand Trusee J. W. Emrick will visit
Court Mount Whitney at Tulare October
Court San Francisco has appointed L.
D. Traney, H. Goetz, I. P. Beban, F. V.
Severance, G. Ash, J. L. Goetz, G. Beban
and J. Toomey to arrange an evening's en
tertainment to be given by the court No
vember 18.
Court United States of America will
celebrate Its fourteenth anniversary by, a
banquet . on the evening of November 25.
The. courts of Los Angeles have taken
steps to entertain the supreme chief ran
ger when he visits this State In the latter
part of the year.
Order of Workmen.
AT a recent meeting of the San
Francisco extension committee of
the Ancient Order of United Work
men plans were presented for the mem
bers of the committee to visit members of
the lodges who had allowed themselves
to become suspended with & view to in
duce them to renew their membership.
The regular meeting of the Past Mas
ters' Association was largely attended
and the matter of the recent action of the
Grand Lodge in adopting the rates fixed
by the Supreme Lodge were discussed
and it was the opinion of the majority of
the members that everything possible
should be done to explain the situation
to the lodges and show the "old men"
of the order "the folly of dropping out."
The field deputies have been Instructed
to make a lodge-to-lodge canvass In the
interest of the new plan of assessments.
The grand recorder visited the lodge In
Merced on October 24 and he will visit
the one In San Mateo on the 27th.
The local lodges will celebrate the
thirty-fifth anniversary of the order by
entertainment and speechmaking In Na
tive Sons' Hall October 2a.
Carnation Lodge of the Degree of Honor
will give a Halloween party on the even-
Ing of October 30 and Forget-Me-Not
Lodge will give one on the evening of tha
Independent Foresters.
T a recent meeting of Court Solano
/¦.¦I of Vallejo there was presented to
V the court a beatuiful picture of Dr.
Oronhyatehka, the supreme chief ranger,
and the same was received with a stand
ing, vote of thanks. This court is In a
sound financial condition and is doing
well In the line of membership, now hav
ing more than 200 and having made the
largest gain In the State during the past
twelve months. , This court will celebrate
Its twelfth anniversary on November 12.
During' the past" week Deputy Supreme
Chief Ranger. G. Q. Stewart instituted a
hew companion court In this city, it be
ing the second.' It was got up under the
auspices of Court Golden Gate, and It will
be known •. as Companion Court Golden
Gate. It started with twenty-one charter
members and has elected Ellen E. Mur
phy chief, ranger and Nellie D. Kuig sec
retary.
The anniversary celebration of Court
Southern Heights in Golden Gate Hall on
the evening of October 17, was a magnif
icent affair ' that . was attended by " a
greater number of , people than ever be
fore assembled under the banner of In
dependent Forestry. : The splendor of the
occasion in. the beautifully decorated hall
was added to by; the presence of the su
preme!; chief ranger of the ~ order,/ ac
companied by the \ Los ; Angeles • Encamp
ment of Royal Foresters In full dress;uni
form.; The supreme ; chief . ranger was \ at
tired : in ; the . uniform of a major * general
of: that', branch; of the order. % The pro-
Pythian Knights.
GRAND CHANCELLOR SARGENT
of the Knights of Pythias, started
on his tour of official visitations to
lodges of San Francisco and Oakland on
on October 14 and up to last Friday he
visited Bay City, Golden Gate, Fairmount,
Damon, Harmony. Unity and Golden City
lodges In this city and Brooklyn Lodge in
East Oakland; October 2C he will visit
Amazon Lodge of East Oakland; 27th.
South San Francisco Lodge, this city;
28th, Syracuse, city; 29th, Liberty Lodge,
West Oakland, and 30th, West Oakland
Lodge, West Oakland.
The tenth monthly social given by Bay
City Lodge In Elks' Hall was well attend
ed and proved a very delightful affair.
There was a good programme of enter
tainment of vaudeville numbers and an
address by Grand Chancellor Sargent-
During the evening refreshments were
served on the Installment plan.
Grand Chancellor Sargent has under
consideration a proposition to hold a dis
trict meeting of all the lodges in San
Francisco on February 19, the anniver
sary of the order.
Triumph Lodge of San Jose celebrated
the twenty-fifth anniversary of Its Insti
tution by an entertainment last week.
Fairmount Lodge had a social on Octo
ber 23 which was well attended and It
was a function that was greatly enjoyed
by the many members and invited guests.
Eagle Lodge is making arrangements
for a social evening on Thanksgiving
night \
Lydia A. Monroe of the Rath bone Sis
ters instituted a grand temple of the or
der at Reno, Nev., last week and will In
stitute a like temple at Tucson, Ariz., No
vember 19.
The entertainment . that was given by
San Francisco Company No. 56, Uniform
Rank ' Knights of Pythias, in Mission Op
era Hall on the fourth Monday, la " Octa-
Odd Fellowship.
fl MONG the Industrious, hard-working
bJ members of the Rebekahs, who, for
V good work for the order, were dur
ing the recent session of the Grand En
campment rewarded with the cross of
the Degree of Chivalry, were Captain Al
lle Parker, commanding the very success
ful drill team, San Francisco No. 2, and
Mrs... Eola M. Cyrus, a member of the
team. The first named is a member of
Oriental Rebekah Lodge and the last
named of Loyal. Both have done much
to advance and extend the Rebekah
branch of the order. Others who re
ceived the cross for meritorious service In
the interest of Odd Fellowship at the
hands of Brigadier General Brower.asslst
ed by Mrs. George T. Shaw,' Mrs. Mary
E. Donoho; Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, Miss
Hale, with little W. Ward as maid of
honor, were Mesdames Priestly, Hawley,
Berenta, Slckney, Inch, Grenniger, Mun
roe, Gardner, Klcls, Gunsauls, Kane,
dough, Bertram, Taylor, Chappell and
Richardson, and ' Major G. 8. Naismith,
Captain de Carteret«end Chevaliers P. C.
Weil and J. B. Ward.
Presidio Lodge celebrated its sixteenth
anniversary last week at a banquet. The
general relief, committee and Excelsior
Degree team were the guests of Presidio.
On October 27 Jubilee Lodge will enter
tain the membership of Templar and San
Mateo lodges
Grand Master Baker officially visited
lodges as follows: At Davis villo October
17, Colfax October 19, Iowa Hill October
20, Forest Hall October 21, Michigan Bluff
October 22, Rocklin October 23 and Sheri
dan October 24. He will visit the, lodge
at Roseville October 27, at Dutch Flat Oc
tober 28, at Lincoln October : 29, , at New
castle October 30 and at Auburn Octo
ber svms^S^BSBBSUKKBBBSBBBS^
There ; will be a preliminary ; - meeting
November 23 in this city . of representa
tives from ; all the lodges of , the jurisdic
tion to discuss the reception (and "enter-
Woodcraft.
GOLDEN GATE CIRCLE of the
Women of Woodcraft had an open
meeting in its hall last week, at
which there waB a large attendance of
neighbors, who were entertained with an
excellent programme. One matter in
which the members and visitors were
interested was the disposing of a hand
some sofa pillow that was donated for the
uene.'U of the circle fund. '
The Choppers' Friendship Club, at its
meeting on , the second Wednesday in
October, initiated several candidates who
are a part of the number required to
increase the membership of the club to
1000. The club Is arranging for a boom
campaign in the local camps to secure the
number of members that the officers are
anxious to have.
The first of' a series of smokers to be
given, by Western Addition Camp of the
Woodmen o| the World, under the aus
pices of the increase committee, com
posed of A. C. Nathan, S. Fisher, C. N.
Brown, 8. H. Seary. C. C. Carroll, W. S.
Shaw, A. L. Darrow, C. Wilson, T. Scott,
E. G.Vall, F. Baroni,'* A. Gardner and C.
Kruft was given last week. There were
about 400 persons present and these were
entertained with vocal and instrumental
music, moving pictures, monologues, reci
tations and boxing bouts. Those who con
tributed to the , pleasure of tha evening
were N. Fanning, J. C. - Irvine, M. S. de
Roco, Thomas Carlin, F. : E. Whitney,
Billy. Hynes, Thomas . Ellis, Jack Harris,
C. H. Parrish, Clinton Montgomery, . Dr.
Flynn, E. C. Binder and the Hawthorne
Athletic Club.
During the evening the gathering was
delightfully entertained with a well-timed
address on Woodcraft by Organizer A. J.
Welnert. Pipes end tobacco were distrib
uted with a liberal hand during the meet.
Ing.
Spruce Circle of Alameda will give the
second session of Its whist tournament In
Woodmen's Hall • on the evening of No
vember 10. EKn8E5J8BPtBSJKBtp£wVt£B
The monthly; social given by Redwood
Circle No. 72 of \ the Women of Wood
craft on the' second Tuesday in October
was attended by nearly four hundred per
sons, an audience -which taxed the ca
pacity, of Eagles' Hall. Previous to danc
ing there was a 'pleasing 1 programme of
entertainment, the numbers ; being ; con
tributed by Roy and Dora . Clifford, . M.
Montague, * Miss Falks. Miss Anna ' Stock
lnger. Miss ; Mabel ! McNally. Billy, . Hynea
talnment fit the Sovereign Grand Lodge
next year.
Yerba Buena Lodge will entertain the
Veterans on October 29.
The general relief committee of this city
was visited on the third Sunday In Octo
ber by the president and secretary of the
Oakland committee. The San Francisco
committee visited Golden Gate and West
ern Addition lodges last week.
Templar Rebekah Lodge will have an
entertainment on the last Saturday in
October, and on that occasion the famous
"Lobster- Club of Vallejo"' will make its
final appearance In public. There will
be many other Interesting numbers on the
programme.
Loyal Rebckah Lodge"wlll give a Hal
loween party in the Prospect Hall of the
Odd Fellows' building on the evening of
October 26. There will be games and
dancing.
The farce given by the Daughters of
Hilarlo Jocund!, participated in by twenty
members of Oriental Rebckah Lodge on
the fourth Wednesday In October in Me
morial Hall, I. O. O. F. building, was wit
nessed by : about three hundred persons,
who for two hours were entertained with
a travesty on initiation into a secret or
der. The daughters were all attired in
sombre costumes and wore mortar boards.
Each performed her part. with a charm-
Ing, grace. After the farce there was
dancing for two hours. . ?£:.&: :
National Union.
SAN FRANCISCO COUNCIL of ,th»
National Union Is still In the rac*
for members, as was evinced by
the presentation of eleven applicants at
the last held meeting. Six of these wera
obligated and the other five will b« ob»
llgated at the next meeting. These, to
gether with the fifty moro previously ob
ligated, will receive the secret work of
the order at the class Initiation to be held
In this city during the first week In De
cember. After the business of the coun
cil was terminated, there was a whist
party for the members and visitors.
Berkeley Council at Its last meeting had
many members and visitors from Oak
land, Alameda and San Francisco to wit
ness two strangers receive the three de
grees by a selected team, composed of R,
S. Kitchener, a cousin of the great Eng
lish soldier, as president; H. P. Landon,
vice president; F. A. Baum, ex-president;
W. K. Weir, speaker; C. L. Robinson,
usher; A. L. Valleau, sergeant; F. E.
Sadler, chaplain, and J. J. McKee, door
keeper. After an interesting and enter
taining address by W. A. S. Nicholson,
ex-president of California Council, the
members and their friends adjourned to
the banquet hall, where the Berkeleyltes
appeared again In good shape and there
was much good cheer and good fellow
ship. The councils of Alameda County
are fully alive to the importance of the
visit of Senate President Jeffrls In Decem
ber and they are determined not to be
second to any In the matter of entertain
ing him.
SOME NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF
SACRAMENTO CITY AS THEY
APPEARED ON FLAG DAY
AND TWO WELL KNOWN
FRATERNAL LADIES. THE
OFFICERS OF THE N. D. G.
W. IN THE PICTURE PRE
SENTED. READING FROM
RIGHT TO LEFT. ARE: MISS
SCOTT, THIRD VICE PRESI
¦ DENT; MISS URQUHART,
FIRST VICE PRESIDENT;
MISS IiARKIN, SECOND VICE
PRESIDENT; «MISS WISE,
PRESIDENT; MISS FITZGER
ALD, INSIDE SENTINEL.
27, Mussel Slough at Hanford October 28
and the court in Porterville November 5.
On this visit Grand Chief Ranger Gabriel
will accompany him. I
C. A. Root, grand senior woodward, will
visit courts as follows: Elk Grove, No
vember 20; Shasta, November 9, and De
La Mar, November 11.
H. L. Simon, grand junior woodward,
will visit as follows: Santa Rosa, Novem
ber 23; Sherwood, November 19, and Ra
fael November 9. •
Grand Trustee Daniel Teare will visit
Castroville November 3, St. Lucas the Cth
and Soledad the 7th.
The local courts of the Foresters of
America have taken the preliminary steps
to arrange a large class initiation some
time in the latter part of December or
the early part of January for the purpose
of presenting the mime to Supreme Chief
Ranger Kelly on the occasion of his of
ficial visit to this State and this city in
particular.
All the circles of San Francisco and
those of Alameda County are arranging
a grand reception to Mrs. Lizzie Atwood,
supreme subchief companion, for the pur
pose of showing appreciation of her re
election to the office she now holds. It is
probable that all the circles of the juris
diction will be asked to take part In the
movement. At the same time there will
be a reccplon to John J. Cordy, who was
a delegate from the Grand Circle of Cali
fornia to the Supreme Circle, and who,
since the adjournment of the supreme
body, has been appointed deputy supreme
companion for the jurisdiction of Cali
fornia.
Robin Hood Circle had a well attended
meeting on the third Wednesday in Octo
ber and several candidates were admitted
by initiation. This circle is making ar
rangements for a Christmas-tide party.
The fourteenth annual ball given by
Court Golden Era In Union-square Hall
on the evening of October 21 was well at
tended and proved a delightful dancing
party. It was conducted under the direc
tion of E. F. Meyer, F. Felder, William
Quast, J. L. Nagle and J. W. Steanert.
M. Levy was the chairman of the recep
tion committee and E. A. Smith was floor
manager.
PACIFIC TENT of the Knights of
the Maccabees at a meeting In the
early part of October was visited
by Argonaut Tent of Oakland with Its
degree team, which initiated a large class
of candidates for the visited tent In per
fect form. During the evening there were
addresses- by State Commander Hall,
Commander Traobe and Sir Knights Law
rance, Murdock, Shaeffer, Bandler, Law
ton, Seeley and Deputy Hawley. The tent
was also entertained with verses by Gum
mow, the tent's poet laureate.
Golden West Division No. 13 of the K.
O. T. M. will have a dancing party In
Golden Gate Armory on Thursday, Octo
ber 29.
Those who contributed to the pro
gramme on the occasion of the recent
smoker given by Golden West Tent were
J. G. Hermand,' Billy Hynes, Henry
Prichard, Frank Martell, W. B. Green
berg^ Joe Hanson, Eugene E. Schmitz,
Judge Slogan* and James E. Field. Rec
ord Keeper G. C. Freeman acted as mas
ter of ceremonies.
Oakland Division of the Uniform Rank
paid a fraternal visit last week to Hay
wards, and there was delightfully enter
tatined by the Maccabeea of that locality.
Oakland Tent has arranged for a grand
ball to bo given on the evening of No
vember 12. On October 26 this tent gave
a smoker that was well attended.
The ladles' night of San Francisco Tent
given on the third Friday in October was
another of tho|e delightful functions for
which this tent has of late become re
nowned. The programme of varied num
bers was an excellent one and those who
contributed to the success of the evening
were the Maccabee Zither Club, Sir
Knight Heidon, leader; Miss E. Parrott,
Miss Welina Fest, M. Brockhop, Miss
Lou Fest, M. Knelr, Joe Hanson. Mary
Parolini and Billy Hynes. The musical
renditions by the Fest family were pop
ular. During the evening the audience
was addressed by State Commander S.
W. Hall. Refreshments were served by
the ladles of San Francisco Hive, L. O.
T. M. The committee that had charge* of
the affair was composed of Ladies von
Seiberlich, Schlink, Carcass, Hare. Butch
er and Roddy and Sir Knights Hallowell,
Baer and Heidon.
San Francisco No. 3. U. R.,
will give an entertainment and dance in
its armory November 4. This * division,
with fife and drum corps, visited Argo
naut Tent in Oakland last week and ex
emplified the degree work, after which a
banquet was served in honor of the vis
itors.
gramme of entertainment was a high
class one and several numbers were con
tributed . by the Knickerbocker quartet;
L. A. Larsen, Jeane Durell, Mrs. Grace
Davis Northrup> Ruth Wilson and Irma
Roper. The later appeared In the
whirlwind dance" and won the plaudits
of the entire audience for the graceful
ness and perfect motion in the very rapid
dance. After the programme there was
dancing under the floor-managership of
Robert Gtllander, assisted by George Sili
man and Ed N. Comeron, John P. Mur
phy, E. E. Northrup, T. H. Morrison. F.
W. Collins. Charles Schech and Robert
McQueen. The whole affair was carried
out to a most successful issue by a com
mittee consisting of William Stewart,
chairman; J. W. Hamilton, Joseph Cole
man, George Dow, Charles Schech, J. W.
Davidson, A. Brander, Lee A. Lewis, Rob
ert McQueen, Thomas Strahan, John
Stewart, Joseph A. Duart, James Stew
art, Fred McCann, Dr. AIcNutt, T. H.
Morrison and Dr. nerrlngton.
The number initiated at the class ini
tiation in Golden Gate Hall was 311.
At the next session of the San Francis
co Encampment of the Royal Foresters,
I. O. F., on Wednesday. November 4, a
number of candidates will be admitted
by initiation 'and matters tending to ad
vance that branch of the Independent
Foresters in this city will be brought up
for discussion.
High Chief Ranger " Cooper, whose
term expired last week, declined a re
nominatlon for the office he successfully
filled 'during the past year, as his busi
ness in Vallejo is of that character that
It will not permit him to devote another
year's time to the duties of the office.
During his term he caused an awakening
in the order which resulted In a great
deal of good, notably two large class Ini
tiations, which brought more than 600
members to the organization. His suc
cessor, W. R. Wirschlng of Los Angeles,
Is a very active fraternal man, as is also
G. Q. Stewart of San Francisco, who was
elected vice high chief ranger.
The Maccabees.
Royal Arcanum.
AT THE meeting of Argonaut Coun
cil Of the Royal Arcanum on
October 26, there will be several
candidates to receive the degree. Great
Interest Is being manifested by tha mem
bers of th* council In the "Identification
meeting" that Is to be held on the last
meeting in November.
Buena Vista Council, at Its last held
meeting, received three applications, and
It proposes to hold an extra meeting thij
month for the purpose of Initiating six
or more candidates. At the close of the
last held meeting of this council there
was a game of progressive whist, at
which George W. Dlxon of Argonaut
Council and Ben Eisner of the sitting
council were the winners, each receiving
a beautiful prize.
A new council organized by A. F.
Howell, P. R., will be Instituted on the
evening of October 27 by Grand Regent
Gunzendorfer. Mr. Howell, who has been
an active worker for the order during a
Bhort stay In this city, will leave for the
East on the 2Sth, but expects to return
next spring.
Supreme Secretary Robson reports that
the' emergency fund of the order has
passed the $3,000,000 mark, and that the
money has been Invested principally In
United States bonds. This fund, ho states,
has accumulated In the last five • years,
and up to date has not been drawn upon
to meet any obligations, and that no>
extra assessments have had to be levied
In that time.
Grand Regent Gunzendorfer announces
that good reports are being received from
all the councils In the jurisdiction, and
that a new . council with fifty members
has been started In Los Angeles. '
Native Sons.
GRAND THIRD VICE PRESIDENT
WALTER D. WAGNER of San
Bernardino waa a delegate to the
recent session of the Grand Lodge of
Masons.
Grand Treasurer Henry S. Martin and
his traveling partner, Grand Secretary
Henry Lunstedt, will officially visit the
parlors In the grand treasurer's district
next month.
Pacific Parlor hela a very interesting
meeting a few evenings since, on which
occasion there was an initiation, the offi
cers being resplendent in brilliant regalia.
Nearly all of the "old guard" was pres
ent, and President Locke was kept in
exercise handling "Bill" Langdon, "Ter
ror" Martin, "Witch" Hazell. "Senator"
Bailey, "Napoleon" Stambergcr, "Judge"
Lynch and "Sutherland" Roche. There
were addresses by the members of the
guard and others and the audience was
moved to tears by the sentiments of
"Brother" Roche on the value of hair
restorers and those of "Cardinal" Quast
on how to subdue an audience without
the use. of choloform. One member re
marked that all that was necessary was
to let Quast talk for five minutes.
Clarence E. Jarvis of Sutter Creek,
grand trustee, commenced his visit on
October 16. :.;; ,; ';;-
Grand Organizer Andrew Mocker re
cently visited the following named places
In the interest of the order: Modesto,
Merced, Madera. Fresno. Vlsalia. Porter
ville and Bakersfield. . Merced and Visalia
parlors, he reports, are working up ,a
class.
San Bernardino Parlor recently moved
Into a new hall and made the event a
marked one by the initiation of fifty
strangers, thereby increasing the mem
bership to 250. This parlor and Ramona
.Parlor are in close contest for the mem
bership prize. Redlands Parlor has also
made a marked gain in membership.
During the early part of October there
•was the Initiation of a class of thirty
seven candidates for San Mateo^ Parlor
by the officers of Presidio Parlor of this
city, accompanied by about 120 members
of the parlor and its drum corps. The
work was done In a very satisfactory
manner and after the ceremonies the vis
itors were the guests of the sitting par
lor at a banauet. They were cordially
invited to come asrain.
On the occasion of the recent official
visit of Second Vice President James L.
Gallagher and Ignacio Baker, D. D. G.
P., there was the initiation of a class of
a large number of candidates.
Among the Native Sons who attended
the recent session of the Grand Lodge of
Masons were Frank Mattison, Thomas
Flint, Joseph R. Knowland, Judge Frank
M. AngellottI, E. A. Forbers, Charles M.
Belshaw, Thomas C. Comny, George Cos
grove, F. L. Arbogast, W. H. La Baree,
Walter N. Brunt and F. A. Stephenson.
The last named reports that there Is a
movement afoot to have the Native Sons
and Daughters in Southern California
preserve Fort Stephenson as one of th«
California landmarks.
Joseph Sherer, D. D. G. P., a member
of Georgetown Parlor No. 91, was in this
city last week and reports his parlor In
a flourishing condition.
Army and Navy Parlor has arranged
for a high Jinks on the evening of October
SO. . The invitations say, "Good music,
good talent and a good time." This par
lor will give a grand ball in Native Sons'
Hall November 2.
Olympus* Parlor had a stag social In De
visadero-street Hall on the third Wednes
day in October, which was attended by
nearly 200 persons of the Native Son sex.
There was a first-class programme of en
tertainment and no lack of light refresh
ments and cigars. The affair was under
the direction of the good of the order
committee, composed of F. Butler, W.
Burns, Julius Epstein and George McCor
mick. "Billy" Burns was the sire of the
jinks. This parlor will have a day and
a night at the Chutes November 2.
and Tom Irwin. The affair was success
fully managed by the social committee,
consisting of Mrs. Nellie Blangy, Mrs. W.
D. Clark, Mrs. Tlckner and Miss Wehr.
Dr. William D. Clark was the floor mana
ger, with Fred Seavey and M. F. C. Rus
sell as assistants.
Captain Allle Perrin, commanding the
Golden Gate drill team, is recovering from
a severe attack of illness which confined
her to her home for several weeks.
The Ancient Foresters.
HIGH CHIEF RANGER SANBORN
paid an official visit to the court
at Cottonwood on October 21, Court
Castle Rock on the 22d, Court Keswick
on the 23d, and the court at Slsklyou on
the 24th.
Court St. Gottardo of Oakland made a
net gain of twenty-one during the past
quarter.
The- Juvenile court of this city gave a
high jinks last week and so well did tha
boys conduct the affair that the many
adults who attended want them to re
peat it.
Mrs. L. Schuren, the supreme treasurer.
Is recovering from an attack of Illness.
Sherwood Circle on the second Wednes
day in October had an at home In Its
meeting place In the Alcazar building,
which was well attended by members and
many strangers. There was an interest-
Ing programme, the contributors thereto
¦being Ella Hussey. Martha Davis. Mrs.
Fred Severance, Kittle Tobln. George
Brickley and G. A.' Fanning. Mrs. M. A.
O'Brien, acting as mistress of ceremonies,
delivered a' short address In which she,
in an Interesting way, explained the ben
efits of being a member of the circle. Tha
affair was under the direction of the en
tertainment committee, consisting of
Mrs. Stewart, Kate Bridgewood, Alice
O'Keefe, Mrs. Gooley and Mrs. Dan
bacher. The Sherwood Club, composed of
many of the members of the circle, will
give a social in the social hall of the Al
cazar on Saturday, November 7.
At the last meeting of Court Wyersdale
several candidates were Initiated, the de
gree team of Court Apollo assisting in the
work. After the regular business the de
gree of the "royal stag of the forest" was
conferred by a special team on a number
of Individuals who wanted to know more
of the mysteries of the forest than they
already knew. Their curiosity was satis
fled and the onlookers got their money's
worth. The court's quartet, Messrs. Cav
alier, Pettis, Kaneln and Thomson, enter
tained with pleasing vocal selections dur
ing the evening. There were visitors from
Berkeley and many of the local courts
present.
CALIFTA Parlor of Sacramento,
Native Daughters of the Golden
West, observed the. flag day of
the order with unique but ap
propriate ceremonies. The
meeting place was elaborately decorated
with American flags, and many potted
plants and ferns added a charm to the
decorations. At the hour for opening the
parlor the offlc«rs, dressed in colonial cos
tume and wearing: powdered hair,
marched into the hall and to their re
t-poctlve stations to the music of "Yankee
Doodle," rendered by the organist. This
innovation was as much a surprise to the
members of the parlor as It was to tha
many visitors who were present from
other parlors. The prolonged applause
fhowed that the patriotic idea and pretty
picture was greatly appreciated. The fol
lowing was the programme: "Star-Span
glc-d Banner." sung by the parlor; "The
Flag," a reading by Miss Bessie C. Urqu
hart; "When They Play 'God Save the
King,' " a song by Miss Florence Larkin;
"Old Glory, Our Queen," a recitation by
Miss Becaie Wlnn; vocal selection, "Our
Flag," Mis* Katheryn Wmn; "My Trip to
Washington," a reading by Miss Jennie
Emith, and "America," by the parlor.
This was followed by the serving of re
freshments with that liberality for which
this parlor Is noted. The affair was in
keeping with the high class functions
which CaliSa Parlor has given in the past.
The "at home" given by La Vespcro
Parlor, in the South San Francisco Ma
sonic building-, on the second Tuesday In
October took the form of a high Jinks.
There was a mirth-producing programme
that was preatly enjoyed by all present.
Light refreshments were 6erved during
the evening. This parlor has been grow
ing in numbers and popularity as well.
The personnel is charming, the members
3 re cor.penial. hospitable and extremely
courteous to all visitors. This condition
has bve-n most favorably commented on
by visitors from other parlors. Good fel
lowship and true fraternity is the motto
of the parlor and the members are living
up to it. That has done much to make
th« organization the successful one it is.
'La Vespero will give an entertainment
and ball in Masonic Hall, at Fourteenth
and Railroad avenues, on Thanksgiving
Eve, November £5.
Sans Souci Parlor a few evenings since
received a fraternal visit from Presidio
Parlor of the Native Sons. There was an
Impromptu programme of entertaining
numbers', dancing: and refreshments. Two
hours were very pleasantly spent.
Keith Parlor will give a vaudeville en
tertainment and a dance for the benefit
of its fund for the Eick on the evening of
Thursday, October 29. In FTanklin Hall,
on Filimore street. At a recent meeting
of this parlor the honored guests of the
evening were Past Grand Presidents Belle
W. Conrad and Eliza D. Keith, who were
received with marks of enthusiastic
pleasure.
Winona Parlor of Areata celebrated
flag day and the second anniversary of
its institution with appropriate patriotic
exercises, efter which there was a ban
quet and dancing. A large number of
the Native Sons of the place were the
g-uests of the Daughters.
On the occasion of the visit of Stella
Finkeldey, grand president, to Occident
Parlor, a banquet followed the observa
tion of parlor methods and exemplifica
tion of the work. May Halloran, on be
half of the parlor, presented the visiting
officer a silver souvenir epoon.
There Is- to be an arbor daj- celebration
at Areata, when Wlnona Parlor will plant
a tree In the public park with appropriate
ceremonies.
A few days einee Past Grand Presidents
B. W. Conrad and Mrs. Em Gett and
Grand Secretary L. J. Frakes were the
gTiests of Past Grand President Eliza D.
Keith at Tamalpais, and In the evening
Mrs. Conrad was the hostess at a dinner
In a downtown rotisserlp, where the Tam
alpais was augmented by the presence of
Major W. A. Gett of Sacramento and
Past Grand President Mary E. Tlllman.
Keith Parlor of this city has applied to
the grand president for permission to
Issue a circular letter to the parlors of
the order on the eubject of placing a sil
ver service on the cruiser California. The
gTand president has taken the matter
under consideration. The members of the
parlor hop« that they will receive a favor
able response to their request to engaga
In this work.
Calaveras had a very Interesting and
patriotic programme on the occasion of
Its celebration of flag day in this city.
San Lusita Parlor observed flag day
with a great deal of ceremony, the prin
cipal address being by Alma Feilder.
There were patriotic numbers contributed
by Agnes McCaffrey. Laura V. Graves,
Elena Ready, M. A. Bowne. I. an* E.
Cheeney. Agnes McLee, W. Thomson and
M. Johnson, and the singing the "Star
Spangled Banner" and "My Native Land"
was by the parlor.
Reichllng Parlor of Fortuna observed
pioneer day with pleasing exercises.
(There was an address to the pioneers by
Lizzie Jackson, vocal selections by Misses
Newell. Schultz and Mrs. Morgan and
Mrs. Mills, the rendition of "California"
by the eame singers, the reading of the
first vice president's charge relative to the
old pioneers by Miss Wells, the reading of
the cast president's charge by Abbie
Scbultz and the singing of "America" by
the audience. After that refreshments
were served and there were speeches by
a number of prominent people of th©
place.
Alta Parlor gave a high Jinks, or more
properly a Jenny Jinks, on the fourth Sat
urday in October. There was a good at
tendance and es it was exclusively for
members of the order the Native Sons did
not have an opportunity to discover what
a Jenny Jinks is.
Darlna Parlor cave a Bocial In Golden
Gete Hall on the night of the fourth
Thursday in October. There was a large
gathering and as the affair was for the
benefit of the parlor fund for the relief
of Its sick members the attendance show
ed that the members and their friends
are always ready to assist in a good
cause. There was a good programme of
dances and excellent music.
Grand President Stella Finkeldey paid
an ofacial visit on the fourth Saturday
In October to Oro Flno Parlor and was
well received. There was an exemplifi
cation cf the work of the order in a very
creditable manner.
The following were visitors at the office
cf Grand Secretary Frakes last week:
Clara Stirling Campbell, Occident No. 28,
Eureka: Annie Butts. Yosemite No. S3;
Dolly Hyams, Gabrielle No. 129; Louise
L. Koch, Las Torrosas No. 131; Eva Ver- •
rue. Monte Robles No. 123. San Mateo;
Julia Tanner, Keith No. 137; Dr. A. Flor
rnce Temple, Keith No. 137; Mary Grote
Hill, Alta No. 2; Lillian BJddell, Las Tor
rosas No. 131: Jennie E. Brown Pied
mont No. £7 Oakland: Nellie ' Barry
O'Brien, Pinole No. 92, Pinole: Mabel O.
Benjamin, Darlna No. 114; Eliza D. Keith,
P. G. P.. Alta No. 3; Addle Freeman. P.
P., Keith No. 137; Elizabeth Jones, Sutter i
Creek; Georgiana Balch, Oakland; Edith
Bryant, Alta No. 2; Clara Faulkner. Alta
No. 3; Annie Wynne Minerva No. 2;
Genevieve Watson Baker, P. G. P., Buena
Vista No. CS; Millie Tietjen, Golden State
No. 50; Emma Thlerbach, La Estrella No.
£9; Mrs. B. Donohay, Golden State No. 50;
Sadie Ashmus, La Estrella No. S9; Alma
Bock. Piedmont No. 87. Oakland: Alice
Kllgore, Pine Burr ¦ No. 104, Colfax;
Eleanor Hammonds, San Jose No. El, San
ber was wall attended and It waa a great
success. The minstrel performance was
a pleasing feature and the finale, which
was the Initiation of a candidate Into the
order of "All-night Knights," waa a very
amusing presentation. Then followed
dancing for two hours. All the members
of the division were in uniform. The func
tion was under the direction of the divis
ion's social committee.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
Jose; Clara Belloll Nunfrey, Ban Jo^e
Xo. El, San Jose; Louise La'ges, Beren
dos N'o. 23. Red Bluff; L,llllan Borel. Gene
vieve No. 132; Laura Hourney, Genevieve
No. 132.
51Mrs. Belle Brittain of San Carlos, San
Mateo, entertained thirty guests on Tues-
It is said that Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mac
farlane will visit their sister, Mrs. Henry
F. Dutton, in December. As Polly Dunn
Mrs. Macfarlane 'was well beloved and
was indeed a much-feted bride.
Miss Failing and Miss May Falling of
Portland, Or., ara visiting in the city
during the bankers' convention. The
"Misses Falling are leaders of the smart
set in Portland, and during their stay
here have attracted much attention by
their fine style and charming manner. The
length of their stay is Indefinite.
A rummage fair for 'the benefit of th«
Ban Francisco Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren will commence on October 31, for
which donations of articles of all aorta
are solicited and for the success of which
the managers are working- industriously.
This is an especially worthy charity and
one deserving of every assistance. The
managers are: Mrs. Edgar F. Preston,
Mrs. George B. Sperry, Mrs. J. J. Spiek
er, Mrs. Jacob Bertz. Mrs. William Thom
as, Mrs. W. S. Leake. Mrs. Frank Vin
cent Wright, Mrs. S. B. McLenegan. Mrs.
Guy, E. Manning, Mrs. James Lewis
Gould. Mrs. . O. B. Burns, Mrs. Albert
Dernham. Mrs. Jamea Elder, Mrs. Wil
liam L. Gerstle, Mrs. William Hollls, Mrs.
William E. Jackson, Mrs. Herbert E.
Law. Mrs. A. H. Martin, Mrs. Homer Os
borne, Mrs. J. J. Theobald, Mrs. R, J.
Tausslg, Miss Mauds O'Connor and Miss
Adelaide Pollock.
James Bishop, Mra. Leonard Cheaery.
Mrs. Victor Lewis. Mrs. George Carr and
Mrs. Rltchia Dusn.
Miss Maye Colburn entertained Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton on Thursday at the
University Club, j Thirty-two friends were
bidden to the luncheon, And, as at all
functions . of Miss i Colburn's planning,
were delightfully entertained. The host
ess made a stunning picture In a white
• • •
musical club. Franko, the violinist, and
Mrs. Katharine Flsk will feature largely
in the numbers. On the club's roster are
nearly all of the prominent leaders In our
smart set.
gown, with an ermine cape and muff. A
picture hat' completed her. toilet.- Mrs.
Dutton, ( the guest' of honor, was attired
In *a - dazzling white Parisian \ robe, in
which she looked radiantly, beautiful." The
decorations were . of crysanthemums,
dainty violets and ravishing • red roses.
.The following. guests were present: Mrs.
John Scott' Wilson. Mrs. Charles Lyman
Bent, Mrs. Charles Kindleberger, Mrs.
Samuel Pond. "Mrs." William' LJndsley
Spencer, Mrs. John Rodsers Clark. Miss
Bertie Bruce, Miss* Mabel Toy, Miss Jane
Wilshire,* Miss 'Pearl Sabin, Miss Ella
O'Connor. ' Miss Elizabeth Cole.Mlsa Jes
sie Fillmore. Miss Ella Bender. Miss Amy
Porter! - Miss Gertrude' : Van ' Wyck, Miss
Gertrude; Palmer. Miss ; Gertrude Du:ton.
Miss Belle Harmes, ; Miss Elsie Dorr, Miss
Elsie Tallant. Miss Katherlne Dillon, Miss
Patricia Cpsgrave, Miss Marie Voorhies,
Miss Frances 'Harris, Miss Emma Grim
wood. Miss Ethel" Shorb, " Mrs. George
Beardsley, Mrs. Redmond Payne, Mrs.
day at her beautiful home. Luncheon and
a delightful game of euchre occupied the
afternoon. Among those present were:
Mrs. William Willis. Mrs. Callle Newton,
Mrs. William Fawcett Perkins. Mrs. Jo
seph Claybaugh Campbell, Miss May
Reiss. Miss Jennie McMillan, Miss Emma
Howe McMillan, Mrs. H. R Mehnnann,
Mrs. Abe Leach, Mrs. James L. Critten
den. Mrs. Arthur Whipple Spear, Mr3.
Albert Woodburn Scott, Mrs. Alvinza
Haslehurst, Mrs. Henry H. Gray. Mra.
John* Farnham, Mrs. C. T. Deane, Mrs.
Clement Bennett, Mrs. James Stewart.
Mrs. Fred H. Hood. Mrs. Frederick G.
Will. Mrs- William T. Reid Jr. and Mrs.
Clarence Kins Moox." >
* • •
Mrs. I. Lowenbcrg has issued invitations
for a complimentary breakfast to be given
the Philomath Club In the Maple room of
the Palace Hotel on October 29, to which
the members of the Laurel Hall Club and
the presidents of other clubs have been
invited.
of a prospective bride. Miss Carolan will
become' Mrs.' Harry 'Poett ; next month.
She - possesses ' a' personality ". that makes
her an attractive, figure in "any f gathering,
but ' she Is 'essentially, ; charming .'. In . Rer
evening' frocks, '.because ",' In/.. them" she
strikes' . the , keynote V to ; her. individuality.
v .;. '_ ¦'.{ ,'. .-. ; , ; ; • , ;..'» ,.' »../ , .: ¦ ' . .
Who wouldn't ' like -to 1 be: a new- wed
friend— or ¦ even '¦• prospec'tively ; "new-wed
friend— of the delightful * little "'coterie of
bachelors who " keep 'house "In. Sausallto,
with , all , the elementary - details • of ' house
keeping, but .without : the 'services of a
mistress at , the helm?. There l< is for all
.women ' a mystical • .charm ¦ about^ bachelor
quarters, < but ' when * the '¦*. rendezvous • . is
well' ordered domestically 'and "socially ; It
takes precedence over any> other' dwelling
in, Bohemia. . And so .the dinners, given
by the Hutch have. been redolent of pleas
ant; memories; ¦ and -'on*? Thursday-" last.'
when;' a' '¦ dinner 'was spread' m v honor .Vof
Miss ' Caroline Ayres and ? Dennis Searles
and Miss Georgia Smith and Fred' Pal
mer,' two pairs of aspirants for matri
monial happiness, it was an affair" fraught
with , wit, merriment and /that, rare good?
fellowship which : flourishes best among
men. ;-. • . ,• % . • . .,'• - . ,. ,, .
Among the. guests who 'dined at the
Hutch on v Thursday 'night,' besides the
guests of honor and. the hosts,- were Rob
ert Mr. Armsby,' Claude Hamilton,
Harry, Holbrook, Mr. and Mrs.'.Gus' Cos
tigan and others. ..- . - : -
* * * t .-<
The '19th "Is the; date of a rare musical
treat in store for San Franciscans, when
the yearly concert of the Twentieth Cen
tury Musical Club will take' place.' The
concert, which .has always -been, of '• an
exceptionally high order, is : an invitation
al affair, and this year promises to rival
Its predecessors. 1 ,. The 'Metropolitan or
chestra of sixty. pieces, unde'r^the' leader
ship,; of Duss, will '"give one, of 'the 'two
performances billed for," this" city 'for the
• Miss Genevieve Carolan . is: having a
merry time., with hen gown, makers,- mil
liners, corsetieres "and all the rest ' of th«
industrious tribe that camp upon the'trail
• • •
The wedding of Aline, the beautiful
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Dens
low Ford of the Palace, arid Lewis Pierce
took place on Tuesday at Los Angeles in
the presence of the • members . of., both,
families. Immediately after the ceremony
the young people departed for an extend-^
ed trip through the East arid South.*" It Is
their intention to return some v tirrie in Jan
uary. Mrs. Pierce, during the short time
in which she assisted at social affairs,
has won the reputation, of a type ofWest
ern womanhood. Mrs. Ford, her mother,
is also a handsome' woman, from whom
Mrs. Pierce has derived her' splendid"
physique. ! \
• • •
ding. The relationship, however, does not
usually last much beyo'nd the honeymoon,
when a domestic 'equilibrium begins to
adjust itself. Then is when the trouble
begins. And It's only when both are able
seamen that their little bark will weather
the gale without hoisting danger signals
or hailing a passing bark with a towllne.
TWO BRIDES OF THE PAST WEEK
AND A BRIDE-TO-BE, WHO IS
BEING FETED.
That was a pretty conceit of the Haz
ard-Gerlinger wedding on Tuesday, when
the bride was preceded by twenty girl
friends to the chancel rail. While cer
tainly a charming feature, does it not
seem that the groom was entitled, to a
like guard of twenty men?. Really, some
how the groom, while highly essential to
the proper equipment of a wedding,
doesn't seem to be deluged with attention
He's lucky to have a single man friend
stand by him and jolt him occasionally
into sensibility. : TTlen if he be of suf
ficient importance to have his 'picture
published, it's squeezed into the left over
space in. the lower corner. The -bride is
distinctly the persona grata at her wed-
• • •
Dr. Pawllcki served the groom as b*est
man, while the brothers of the bride con
ducted the guests to their seats. Con
spicuous among the guests was Mrs. Joe
Tobin, who— always stunning— wore a
white lace gown and a large white hat.
Few women in San Francisco possess
that rare quality— style— to a more
marked degree than does Mrs, Joe. Miss
Caroline Russell, daughter of Mrs. de
Sabla. the betrothed pf Clement Tobln,
was also a charming figure , in her white
gown and mink hat. Miss Russell will be
the beauty of the Tobin family. What
hair and eyes she has!
The wedding of Miss Eleanor Glynn,
niece of Judge Tobin, and" Captain John
Mooney at the cathedral on Tuesday was
a very impressive affair. The Very Rev.
Father Prendergast, Vicar General, • per
formed the ceremony with the solemnity
Incident to the . Roman Catholic service.
The ceremony was preceded by an offer
tory upon the organ, which burst forth
into the "Bridal Chorus" Just after the
ringing of the Angelus at high noon. -"'.'¦'•'.'.
The bride was attired in an elegant robe
of ivory satin, garnitured with ' finest
duchesse and Irish point lace. Her tulle
veil was draped high on, the coiffure with
orange blossoms,' imparting a fine dignity
to her" exquisite figure. Miss Eleanor
Glynn, the maid of hondr, • wore an ex
quisite gown of pale pink pineapple silk,
which, with her rich red hair? produced a
fine effect. - She wore a black Gainsbor
ough and carried Duchesse roses.
• •;'."•
It is a noteworthy factnhat the bank
ers' convention brought to our city a
beautiful galaxy of women, such as we
have never before seen from the Eastern
cities at other conventions or convoca
tions. Their elegance In manner and dress
has called for universal comment, and as
for yieir beauty— well, Just ask your hus
band, madam. He will tell you— perhaps.
• • ¦ •
Mrs. Malcolm Henry, daughter of Dr.
and Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhies, ac
panied by her babies, arrived a week ago
on a visit to her parents. She arrived in
time to participate in the functions inci
dental to the bankers' convention and to
figure as a belle— and a radiant one— at
the Confederate ball on Friday night.
What a function that was! Who can
ever forget the beautiful women and
their sumptuous gowning?
Miss Julia d© Laveaga. the affianced
bride of Andrew Welch, whose wedding
takes place on November 11. was the
honored guest at a luncheon given
Wednesday by Mrs. Charles H. Harley.
Miss de Laveaga is unquestionably one of
the most beautiful of the many brides
to-be. - 'r'P :
• • •
What a brilllaht bevy of buds we will
have this winter! Unlike ye olden day,
these maidens fair entertain with the
sang froid of their maters— sometimes bet
ter, and no longer wear the aspect of
downcast eyes and miscalled "modest"
air of "gentle Annies"; they are self
possessed, confident and almost without
exception prove good company. The osten
tatious display of "modesty" that formerly
obtained was largely a physical affecta
tion, while the mind of the maid who
possessed temperament— and the ability to
express It legitimately-oftentimes was
cleaner and sweeter and more wholesome,
though not accounted "modest" because
of her frankness and honesty. That kind
of alleged "modesty" is* becoming passe
with the girl who faints at the Eight of
a mouse.
George Downey, was entertained by her
aunt. Mrs. W. H. Cluff, at her home at
a luncheon during the week, which proved
a delightful affair.
Will some one who Is familiar with the
mysterious workings of the human mind
explain why a woman at a church wed
ding so often conducts herself like a small
boy at a circus? Craning of necks, titter
ing, talking aloud and actually Jumping to
her feet In her mad endeavor not to miss
anything— and the chances are 10 to 1 she's
"that addle-pated" that when she comes
out she couldn't describe what she saw.
Women should remember that a church,
even if It be a pagoda, or a mosque, or a
JosEhouse, Is sacred to the sentiment of a
peorle and therefore demands our re
rpectful deportment within it- Any other
conduct stamps the offender with 111
breeding- and a sorry lack of conception
for the right of others.
• • •
What a merry time (or is she weary of
the strain?) Miss Bernie Drown is hav
ing! During the last week three func
tion* were civen in her honor, besides
the many 6he was pressed to attend when
other brides-elect were honored guests.
Miss Juliette Garber entertained for her
at her beautiful home in Berkeley, while
Miss Lucie King gave a luncheon on Fri
day at her home to the favored bride-to
be, who shared the honors with Miss
Bertie Bruce, whose nuptials are set for
October 22. when she will wed Ferdinand
William Stevenson at Trinity.
Among other engaged girls who are be
ing feted are the Misses Harrington, who
will wed two naval officers. On Novem
2 Mrs. Carey Friedlander will entertain
fcr them at the PaJace. BS3H
Miss Maude duff, who is betrothed to
// A LL hall the bride!" Such a
¦ " i\ battalion of brides and
fi"*^ brides-to-be has never been
* % known before In one season
—and still they come! Mr.
ZlcAdie, the weather man. has attributed
the torridity of the past month to the
exuberance of youthful protestations of
undying affection. Of course, he may be
mistaken; he sometimes Is. But when In
the annals of San Francisco society have
v.e had bo many betrothals and imminent
marriages — dating our calculations since
"pociety" In San Francisco has become a.
jreneric term — as we have had in the last
few moons? It has been asserted that
matrimony breaks out sporadically In
communities, like the measles, and then
l-ecomes epidemic. This diagnosis Eeems
to stand.
It surely seems to be a psychological
principle that when a pair becomes en-
PEged In a social set, their "radiant ec
stasy Is secretly observed by their un
loved and unloving friends— and whether
the observation develops a microbe, as in
the measles, or whether there be a dimun
itive mental microbe that does this sort of
•work— the effect upon the friends is just
the same. So are the results. Calls upon
the fair ones soon become regular, and
by the time the "real original" lovers
betake unto themselves each other. )here
jare other souls who. too, long for unity,
sn<l lo! the engagement Is announced,
then the merry wedding. Thus, in logical
sequence, others follow, and bo the merry
mating goes cheerily on. "On." did you
cay. "till when— till the divorce court geUi
them?" Well, really, that prognostication
csn hardly be made ¦with any degree of
success, for the divorce episode depends
almost wholly upon the personality of
principals, suitability in financial and
social position, however, cutting" a large
figure. Generally speaking, the time has
gone, by when men and maids may mate
happily— save for the first few weeks or
months — whose education, environment
and financial status are greatly at vari
ance. Matrimony, In Its intimate rela
tlonShip, has a mighty hard time to over
come the disillusionizing that must and.
dees come from all close contact, and any
farther reefs in the course — such as med
dlesome relatives or a giving up of pre
vious comforts and lifelong friendships
is ofttlmes too much for the man at the
wheel, or the woman, as the case might
be, and the bark Is steered for the port
of divorce. But given two people per
fectly mated and, come what may —
mother-in-law or failure -they will steer
thrir little bark outside the Ehoals of
false standards, and journey to the end
together. Thus personality is the quality
that counts and since it is birth, educa
tion and environment that make for per
sonality, let us. hope that the loving
hearts now plighted to each other possess
the personality to weather the storms
that material or spiritual strength seem
powerless to avert. • ;. i-> ;'-*"
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CAIili, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
BRIDES
AND BRIDES TO BE
52