PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PANAMA WILL SHARE WITH COLOMBIA
THE TEN-MILLION-DOLLAR CANAL FUND
Continued : on " Paj»« 2. Column 4.
Cruel Army Officer Is Sent to Jail.
METZ, Alsace-Lorraine, Dec. 15.—
Lieutenant Schilling, charged with
maltreating his subordinates, was sen
tenced to-day by the military court to
fifteen months' imprisonment. Schill
ing was \ charged with 618 cases of
maltreatment.
Hulls of .War Vessels Scraped- and
¦Paiiited and They May Sail To-Day.
! The .¦ torpedo-boat; destroyers Paul
Jones and UPreble arrived on
Monday night and were placed in the
drydock at the Union Iron Works
early yesterday^ morning. The man
agement of the" works at once began
RUSH WORK ON BOATS.
LONDON, Dec. 15. — The body of
Lord Stanley of Alderley, who died
December 10 of pneumonia, was
buried according to Mohammedan
rites in Alderley, Shelford, Cheshire,
to-day. Such an occurrence is unique
in the history of,the British peerage.
The strictest secrecy was observed.
Burled With Mohammedan Rites.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 15. — When
the body of Joel Venable, an inmate
of the Soldiers' Home at Santa Moni
ca, who was stricken dead with heart
disease yesterday, was taken to the
hospital, there was found sewed up In
the lining of his vest $2675 in green
backs. Venable has no known rela
tives. He was formerly a member of
the. Independent Battery. Ohio Light
Artillery.
Wealth of n Veteran Is Discovered
.. After His Death From Heart Dis
ease in Santa Monica.
FORTUNE IN THE VEST
OF SOLDIERS' HOME INMATE
FOLK NOT DISCOURAGED
BY RULING OF COOIT
Missouri Circuit Attorney Says No
Person Guilty of Boodllns
Will Escape.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 15. — Circuit At
torney Folk said to-day regarding the
Supreme Court ruling declaring that
informations issued by prosecuting at
torneys were not valid unless accom
panied by affidavits by them or some
other person:
"So far as the boodle cases are con
cerned," they will continue to be tried
and sent to the Supreme Court. What
ever the effect of the decision may b«
it will not permanently release any
boodler now under charge."
Boers to Exhibit at Exposition.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15^ — Among the
passengers on the steamer Umbria to
day was General Benjamin Vlljoen, a
Boer commander, who comes to ar
range for an exhibition of Boer llf»
at the St. Louis exposition.
LONDON, Dec. 15.— A lengthy let
ter from the counsel of foreign bond
holders, personally addressed . to Pres
ident Roosevelt, putting forward the
bondholders' position anent
Panama and Colombia, has been for
warded by the Foreign Office to Em
bassador Durand, who has been in
structed to hand it, unofficially, to the
President. The letter recites the his
tory of the Colombian debt and asks
the President to use his good offices
to secure an equitable assumption of
a portion thereof by the Panama Gov
ernment.
The statement telegraphed from
The Hague to the Morning Leader of
this city that both Holland'and Great
Britain insist that Panama shall as
sume liability for $15,000,000 of the
Colombian debt is emphatically denied
by the counsel,. who points, out that
no such large sum was ever dreamed
of as Panama's share. Arbitration at
The Hague or the: personal decision
of President Roosevelt would be quite
satisfactory, to the bondholders.
Creditors of Colombia Ask President
to -Protect Their "Rights."
APPEAL OF BONDHOLDERS.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 15. —
Thomas R. Fuller, the Fort Douglas
soldier accused, of having attacked
Miss Edith Gill on Sunday night, -has
been taken to the State penitentiary
for safe keeping and placed in solitary
confinement. This action resulted
from the discovery that nearly 200 sol
diers at the post were planning to
come to, the city and storm the Jail
and lynch Fuller. When the post of
ficers learned of this all permits to
leave the post were summarily sus
pended, extra guards placed on duty
and many of the men locked in the
barracks. The feeling, at the post
against Fuller is very bitter. Fuller
to-day -was positively identified by
Miss Gill as her assailant.
of Attacking Miss Gill.
Utah Officials Take Preeautions to
Prevent Lynching of Man Accused
PLACE SOLDIER IN STATE
PRISON FOR SAFE KEEPING
ALICE. Tex., Dec. 15. — The an
nouncement that Lady 'Constance Mac
kenzie would arrive on a certain date
led to an amusing mistake. A tele
gram informed R. J. Kleberg of the
Santa Gertrudes ranch of Lady Mac
kenzie's proposed visit, the dispatch
having been sent by a Northern Texas
ranchman, whom she had b6en visit
ing.
Kleberg was absent and the boss of
his ranch received the telegram. The
ranch boss is not up on titles of no
bility and he concluded that Lady
Mackenzie was a thoroughbred mare
that Kleberg was sending, so he tele
phoned to J. B. Ragland, a livery
stable man, that Lady Mackenzie
would arrive, and that, as she was a
high-bred animal. Ragland would be
expected to take especial care of her
until she could be forwarded to Kle
berg's ranch. A fine stall was pre
pared and the mistake was not dis
covered until the train arrived.
Ranch Foreman. Informed by Wire of
Her Coining, Supposes Message Re
fers to Thoroughbred Mare.
PREPARES STABLE STALL
FOR LADY MACKENZIE
, Regarding the report about the dis
patch of troops to the isthmus of Pan
ama, the press is authorized to make
this statement: Until the Senate shall
have ratified the Hay-Bunau-Varilla
treaty the administration will look to
the marines to protect the isthmus and
keep order there, unless, In the" mean
time, it Is learned that a considerable
force of Colombian troops is to attack
Panama. In the latter event the pro
tection of the republic could be best
accomplished by the army, and troops
would supplant the marines. It may be
stated, however, that this Government
does not expect such an emergency to
arise at present, and has prepared to
retain the present force of marines In
Isthmian waters until after the ratifi
cation of the canal treaty.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— The Gov
ernment of Panama is willing to allow
Colombia a portion of the cash sum to
be paid by the United States for' the
canal right-of-way. The amount so [
donated must be applied to paying the
foreign debt of Colombia.
It has been the contention of Great
Britain, Holland and some-other Euro
pean powers that the^ev*:' republic of
Panama* should assjnne^a. .' PQrUibn. * of
Colombia's foreign- debt. It became
known to-day that, all of Minister
Bunau-Varllla's regent visits to the
State Department have been in con
nection with this question. A point lias
been reached where the Minister an
nounces himself ready to sign an agree
ment that one-third of the 510,000,000
paid for the canal zone snail be turned
over to Colombia for the payment of
her foreign Indebtedness.
In reaching this decrsion Bunau-
Varilla has been largely influenced by
the advice of State Department offi
cials, who have urged him tq make
such concession.
Minister Beaupre cabled the State
Department to-day that he would leave
Bogota on December 20 and asked that
a warship be ordered to meet him at
Cartagena to bring him to the United
States. He expects to reach Cartagena
by December 26 or 27. He v. ill leave
Secretary Snyder in charge of the lega
tion. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Republic to
Heed Secretary-
Hay's Advice.
UNITED STATES WARSHIPS WHICH HAVE .BEE?? HURRIED .FROM
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD FOR OVERHAULING BEFORE VOY
AGE TO PANAMA TO PREVENT COLOMBIAN TRESPASS A
Alvord was turned over to Sheriff
Lewis of Cochise County this morning
by the Government officer, who has
maintained a guard about the jail while
he was in their charge. This guard
was withdrawn this afternoon. Stiles,
against whom eleven Indictments had
been returned, was to have been tried
at Phoenix and In the meantime the
United Stages Attorney had permitted
the Territory to prosecute him * upon
the charge of shooting Jailer George
Bravin when Alvord and Stiles broke
out of the Tombstone jail after the
Fairbank robbery and escaped to So
nora.
Alvord there remained in hiding un
til the first of this year, when Stiles,
who had turned State's evidence, be
trayed him Into the hands of the offi
cers. Stiles afterward refused to tes
tify against Alvord and was himself
thrown Into jail to be tried for his
many crimes. Alvord had been kept In
jail at Phoenix and Stiles at Tucson
pending trial and were taken to Tomb
stone only a week aeo.
United States Marshal McCord, who
is at Tucson, has ordered all line towns
to send out patrolling parties. Captain
Rynning of the Arizona Rangers wired
at 9 o'clock to-night that he was about
to leave at the head of a posse, while
custom-house officers and local officials
at Naco, Nogales and other border
towns have wired that mounted In
spectors, rangers and officers have gone
out to endeavor to prevent the jail
breakers from crossing into Mexico.
United States Marshal McCord said to
night :
••I confidently believe that both Stiles
and Alvord will be dead by morning
and possibly others of the band who
broke Jail. The men in pursuit are
determined, the criminals are desperate
and I don't see how they can avoid a
fight with the officers, for they will
never give themselves up again alive,
as they have many times boasted if
they ever escaped again. Everything
possible has been done to prevent them
crossing the line and I hardly see how
they can elude our men. I am hourly
expecting news from one of the pur
suing parties."
JAIL NOT GUARDED.
In the party are Forest Hill and Jack
Foster, both deputy United States Mer
shals and former members of the Ari
zona Rangers. They will shoot the
desperadoes at sight, taking no chances
at night with such desperate men as
both Stiles and Alvord are known to be.
"With the notorious outlaws are
James Bennett, who was indicted for
smuggling, was released on bond and
thrown Into prison again for smug
gling tools to Stiles and Alvord to be
used In making an escape. Bennett
served six years at Yuma for highway
robbery. Louis James, Indicted for a
daring murder committed at Bisbee,
was also among the prisoners and is
no doubt with them. Jack O'Brien and
Bob Depriest are also members of the
party, both of them highwaymen and
as desperate as their confederates.
TOWNS RUSH PURSUERS;
NO QUARTER TO BE SHOWN.
TOMBSTONE, Ariz., Dec. 15.— Burt
Alvord and Bill Stiles, train robbers
and all-round desperadoes, together
with eight other prisoners, made their
escape from the old jail at Tombstone
at 6 o'clock, to-night by cutting a hole
through the wall. They at once made
their way to a thicket on the outskirts
of the town, where horses, arms and
ammunition had been concealed by
confederates, vaulted into their sad
dles and headed for the Mexican line,
thirty miles away.
Alvord, who was sentenced to a term
at Yuma in the United States court two
days ago, was to be taken away
shortly after 6 o'clock, and when the
Sheriff went to get his prisoner he dis
covered every man confined in the jail
had flown. He at once gave the alarm
and, summoning together six of the
best officers In the place, set out in
pursuit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This double victory will be of great
advantage to Chamberlain, who will
resume his campaign to-morrcw night
at Leeds, when he will address a big
meeting. ¦
The Liberal dallies confess dis
couragement and urge the free traders
to redouble their efforts, since, as the
Chronicle remarks. "Mr. Chamberlain
Is a power in the country which it
would be most serious not to estimate
highly."
The Dally News discusses the prob
ability of the Government being en
couraged by yesterday.'s results, ap
pealing to the country without delay.
The Dally Telegraph boldly suggests
that the result must dispel Balfour*s
doubts as to whether the country la
ripe for a preferential policy and pro
poses that "Mr. Chamberlain should be
invited to proceed personally to the
colonies and see what practical ar
rangements can be made to secure a
complete commercial union within the
empire." '¦ • %
The Liberals telegraphed to the King
on the subject and promptly received
a reply authorizing the statement that
no permission had been given to use
the King's name In any way.
Hundreds of motor cars toured the
constituencies, bringing voters to the
polls.
Joseph Chamberlain expressed him
self as delighted with the result of the
elections, and the protectionist dailies
claim the results as a complete triumph
for Chamberlain's policy.
Both constituencies polled very heav
ily. Lewisham. which 13 largely a
working class district, shows a reduced
majority of about 400. compared with
the last contested election of 1S32. In
Dulwich, whica is mainly the home of
the city clerk, a greater reduction is
shown, the majority for the Conserva
tives in 1893 having reached 3000. These
reductions are of small significance.
however. In the face or trie fact that
the Chamberlainite candidate? obtained
large majorities where the free trade
party undoubtedly hoped to win.
TRIUMPH OF CHAMBERLAIN.
LONDON", Dec. 15.— Bye elections
were held to-day in the Dulwich divi
sion of Camberwell and at Lewisham
to fill vacancies caused by the deaths
of Sir John Blundell Maple and John
Penn, both of whom had represented
their constituencies for many years in
the Conservative interests.
In the borough of Lewisham Major
Cc-ates. Conservative, was elected by a
majority of 2012. .
At Dulwich E. Rutherford Harris,
Conservative, was elected by a major
ity of 1427.
Few bye elections of recent years
have evoked a tithe of the interest
shown in to-day's contest. Dr. Harris.
Conservative, who was confidential
agent of the late Cecil Rhodes, and C
F. G. Masterman, Liberal, contested
Dulwich, while Major Coates and J. W.
Cleland represented the Conservatives
and Liberals, respectively. In the Lew
isham borough. The fiscal question has
been prominent throughout the cam
paign and Joseph Chamberlain Inter
vened with letters in support of thf»
Conservative candidates. The question
of the importation of Chinese labor into
South Africa has been. «sed by th* Lib
erals at Dulwich as an anti-Harris,
slogan, while the Conservatives even
dragged in the King's name, attaching
the words "Edward, Rex." to posters
In such a way as to create the impres
sion that the King was a supporter of
Chamberlain's fiscal policy.
NOT AUTHORIZED BY KINO.
PARIS, Dec. 15.— Premier Combes to
day communicated to the Council of
Ministers the text of a bill forbidding
all teaching by the religious orders,
even those now actually authorized,
which will be presented in the Cham
ber of Deputies on Friday next. The
purpose of the measure is to ab
rogate the existing legislation per
mitting teaching by the author
ized religious orders. The bill pro
vides for the dissolution, accom
panied by the sequestration of prop
erty, of such congregations as exist
solely for the purpose of teaching, and
for the partial sequestration of the
property of those congregations which,
in addition to teaching, also conduct
hospitals for the indigent.
Five years are allowed for the com
plete carrying out of the proposed law,
the adoption of which will entail the
closing of 1299 schools for boys, 2195
school buildings where girls are taught
and all the schools conducted by the
Christian Brothers. The bill also pro
vides for the enlargement of the pub
lic schools conducted by the state. It
Is estimated that the complete opera
tion of the Premier's plan will cost the
Stam $5,000,009. ..-..-,-,.,./-
The session of. the Senate to-day was
devoted to an interpellation attacking
the action of M. Pelletan, Minister of
Marine, in canceling the trial of a
mutinous sailor by a special naval
court, on the grounds that the court
was Illegally constituted. The inter
pellator claimed that the Minister him
self has acted illegally. The Senate,
however, upheld Minister Pelletan by a
vote of 154 to 94.
Measure Provides for the Sequestration
of All Properties of the Re
ligions Congregations.
Position of the New . Fiscal Policy's
Champion Greatly Strengthened
by the Victory.
Notorious Burt Alvord Leads Nine
Fugitives, Who Are Being Eotly
Pursued by Rangers.
Cutthroat Band Rides Furi
ously From Tombstone
to the Border.
Conservative Candidates
Triumph Over the
Free Traders.
Even the Associations Now
Authorized Will Be
Abolished,
Outlaws Make Dash
to Freedom in
Arizona.
French Premier Com
pletes Text of His
Drastic Bill
Chamberlain Winner
in Two British
Districts.
TO STRIKE
LAST BLOW
AT CHURCH
DESPERATE
MEN BREAK
FROM JAIL
LIBERALS
BEATEN IN
ELECTIONS
Noted Persian^ Coming to America.
TOKIO.' Dec: 15.— M'rza -Asghar
Khan, the former Grand Vizier of Per
813^ >has arrived here on his way to the
United States. i ¦
Bryan V Is Proceeding to Mosco w.
3 VIENNA. : Dec. 1 5. — William Jen
nings Bryan; arrived here to-day from
Venice.; ; He made no stay in Vienna,
going on "to Moscow, by way of War
saw. ¦" ' Vi -'¦¦•¦
Cruiser. Mcdjidle Off on Trial Trip.
. PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 15. — The
new... Turkish cruiser.' Medjldle left
Cramps' shipyards to-day - for a two
days', builders' trial off the Delaware
Breakwater. The contract palls for
twenty-two-knots an hour. *
CONSTANTINOPLE, -Dec. 15. — The
United States Legation has received ah
exhaustive report of the recent inci
dent at Alexandretta, 5 fully, convicting
the local authorities - and police" of
having made an unwarranted attack
on Consul Davis; of arbitrary inter
ference with him in the pursuit' of his
duties, and showing that although At
tarian, the naturalized American, had
been ten days In Alexandretta, he:was
not molested until he. attempted to
embark for Egypt under the protec
tion of the Consul. .The 'legation, has
transmitted the report to Washington
and is awaiting Instructions: regarding
the measures to be taken to "obtain
satisfaction. -7;
ATTACK OX OUR CONSUL
. DUE TO TUItfclSH MALICE
• ASHLAND, -Wis., Dec. 15. — Steps
have been taken for the formation of
a Lake Superior Seal Propagation So
ciety, the object being to stock Lake
Superior with fur-bearing seals. % The
head of the society • will be Seben
Malaroff of Ashland, a retired Rus
sian sailor, with thirty years' experi
ence as a sealer; former ' Lieutenant
Governor Fifleld ' and J. S. Robins of
Rhinelander. - -
It is figured that ten males and forty
female peals in the lake will' increase
to 1000 in twenty years. Apostle
Island, or Isle Royal, together with
the rocky shores of Lake Superior,
would be an ideal breeding, place for
the seal, it is held, and Malaroff says
the climatic conditions are perfect.
Efforts will be made to obtain gov
ernmental regulation by agreement
with Canada. The projectors figure
large profits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA, Dec. 15.— According to the
Neue /Wiener Journal Emperor Francis
Joseph, In receiving M. Vuitch, the
Servian* Minister, i severely criticized
the • continuance of the murderers of
King Alexander arid Queen Draga at
the-' Servian ;. court and In the Govern
ment and "army.).. His Majesty declared
that^ until they'* were punished or at
least removed from King Peter's suite
cordial relations between Austria and
ServJa would :be* Impossible.
The 'Erriperor added that the con
science of .; Europe demanded stern
treatment for 'the murderers, even at
the risk of/ Increasing internal dis
orders, i. Austria had shown her dis
pleasure in a comparatively :nlld man
ner by giving leave of absence to her
representative at Belgrade, but this
would be followed by gTaver demon
strations by the powers If the regicides
were allowed to' retain their Influence.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Austria Again Asks
for Punishment
oI^Assassins.
Plan to Establish a
. Colony on the
Inland Sea. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— War between
financial leaders of the country looms
large on the Wall-street horizon and
petty money handlers dread the conse
quences of what may be the greatest
battle ever fought between modern
trust masters.
John D. Rockefeller, George Gould
and Andrew Carnegie, in alliance
against A. J. Cassatt and the Pennsyl
vania Railroad Company, have planned
the undoing of that corporation, and
the first assault is to be directed
against that branch which is engaged
in the manufacture of steel rails. It be
came known in Wall street to-day that
the Fteel rail pool was to be dissolved
at the meeting of the steel tryst to
morrow. The trust controls fully 60 per
cent of the producing capacity of the
country. Heretofore it has been re-
Ftrlcted to an output of only 43 per cent
and has b*»en forced to share its profits
with its rivals when the output exceed
ed this percentage. Now It is prepared
to swing into competition 'with the in
dependent?, with its great capacity and
its power to cut rates.
Steel rails at 512 a ton are expected
and when this figure is reached the in
dependents will be driven to straits
and among the Independents hit hard
est will be the Pennsylvania Steel
Company, owned and managed by the
Pennsylvania Railroad Company.
The old enmity between John D.
¦Rockefeller end Morgan and his ally.
Cassatt. is to be made a live thing
through this fight. The Rockefellcr-
Carnegie-Gould combination controls
the steel trust and has its individual
fight with Carsatt. He has not re
tired, as the Rockefellers ordered him
to do and he has not been frightened,
apparently, by the threat to build a
Southern Pennsylvania railroad from
Pittsburg to Philadelphia. The Penn
sylvania Railroad, so far as can be
*y*en, shows no disposition to be forced
into ' submission to Rockefeller.
A demoralizing reduction in prices
ran be expected if open war breaks
out. The first cut is scheduled for
next week, when prices, it is said, will
be cut to $26 a ton. The effect upon
the Pennsylvania Steel Company will
be most Revere, however. The steel
trust will throw all its power of compe
tition against this company and will
force It to manufacture steel rails at a
rate permitting of little or no profit.
BELIEVE INCEXDIAIUES
STARTED ROCHESTER FIRES
ROCHESTER. N. Y.. Dee. 15.— It
is estimated that the losses by the fires
that last night destroyed the plants
of the Foster & Armstrong Piano
Company, the Hoyt Shoe Company
k^nd the Wendell Piano Company will
reach a total of 5500.000, with about
50 per cent Insurance. . It is believed
the fires were etarted by incendiaries.
The plants were located in different
parts of the city and the "fires started
jrithln a st3t'time «f each other.
FUR SEALS
FOR LAKE
SUPERIOR
GIVES LAST
WARNING TO
KING PETER
Rockefeller - Cassatt
War Breaks Out
Afresh.
FINANCIAL
KINGS WILL
DO BATTLE
TEX3 WrATEER, .
Fcrecait male at 8aa Pran
cieco for thirty hours eudlnff
midnight, December 16:
Eaa Pranclico and vicinity-
Bain "Wednesday; brisk to hiffh
southeast winfin.
A. O. XScAOXi:,
District forecaster.
JTHEATEES.
Alcazar^Tha Olrl X left Bs
— >htna Me."
California — "Foxy Grandpa."
Central — "The Scout's Uevesce."
Columbia — "Solly Varden."
Fischer's — "I. O. U."
Grand — "The Bosnia Brier
Basil."
Orpnpum — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
The Chute*— Vaudeville.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 16.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1903.
The San Francisco CallAre Heavy With 'Stores.
Torpeuo-Boat Destroj-ers and Gunboat
• WARSHIPS .NEARLY '. R&VDY.
the labor of painting and scraping the
hulls and both little vessels will be
slipped back into the water this morn-
Ing. A large force of men was en
gaged and the Job is a record breaker.
The Government order called for
speed and the workingmeu. lost no
time in-flllinK,the contract.
The boats will be equipped and lad
en with- s'(ipplies~to r day: This work
will] also be accomplished . _wlth_ all
possible. sp#ed and it is expected -that
the' destroyers Will steam out of the
Goldeii Gate during the V. afternoon.
The trip will be made in haste to Pan
ama, but the exact time required to
complete the trip has not been ac
curately computed.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
rtrujrKlri* refund the money if. it tails -to cure.
E. W*. Grove's iltnature is on each box. 25c. •
SANTA ROSA. V*c. 15. — Final account, set
tlement-arc! llFtiil.tit!<n wa* ordered by Judge
Scawell" In the Superior Court to-day of the <e
? atc of the Ute Supreme Juvtlce Jackson Tem
ple. Property valued at JltS.CCti is distributed
m h*ir« «ho »r^ the'dcccaecj jurat's children.
ST. PfiTKRSBUKO.. Dec. 15.— At the Poly
technic. Institute hite to-day, in the presence of
a largff asftembly; a student named Kogan de
livered" a violent apech. No arrests were. made,
as the', affair . occurred within the - university
buildings, ¦ which are under' the jurisdiction of
the prolesscri. ,'
BERLIN, Dec. 15.—- The statement
published In the London Dally News
this morning that it had learned from
well .Informed quarters that- a second
operation had been performed on Em
peror William's throat and that a
third operation may be necessary, is
erroneous. :
Erroneous Report Concerning Kaiser.
WASHINGTON, Dee. 15.—Congress
man Williams of Mississippi introduced
a concurrent resolution in the House to
day proposing an amendment to the
constitution to give Congress powerlto
collect taxes on incomes and providing
tbjit such tax shall not be construed to
be a direct tax within 'the •meaning of
the constitution.
Favors Levying Tnx on Incomes.
' James M. Hanley. the popular As
sistant District Attorney, was quietly
wedded to Miss Stella M. Hall at St.
Charles Church yesterday morning at
7 o'clock. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. Father' James Moran
of the Church of the Hory Redeemer,
assisted by Rev. Father Kennedy, both
schoolmates of the groom.
Mr. Hanley is one of the most popu
lar young men in the District Attor
n?y's office. His bride !s the daugh
ter of n prominent editor of Q'ulncy,
Plumas County, and has held respon
sible positions both in this city and in
Sacramento. -
Popular "Young Asslntnut District At
torney. Becomes a Benedict at
Pretty Church Ceremony.
JAMKS M. HARTLEY QUIETLY..
WEDS MISS STELLA HALL
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 15.— Alfred D. Sund. a
local expressman, sustained injuries by being
kicked and trampled by a hcrse last night and
probably will die. Aa Sund was puttln* his
team up fcr the day the horse kicked him.
Attc-ntion was attracted to his condition by
the kicking of the horse, and Mrs. Bund, who
was in.-«irt« the house, made an Investigation, aa
•he received no response . from her husband to
her repeated calls. Obtaining a light she found
her husband lying beneath the animal, which
was charging and trampling him.
W. L. Constanllne, a salesman, was
wounded in the leg during a quarrel
in a lodging-house at 36 Stockton,
street late last n'ght by Carl Barloy.
The injured man was taken to the
Emergency Hospital to be treated for
a broken leg and Barloy was arrested
by Patrolmen Merideth and Reihl and
locked up' on a charge' of assault' to
murder.
The trouble started in a rooni occu
pied by Ella .Woods. Constantlne
then went into his own room and Bar
loy followed him". They resumed their
quarrel and Constantlne claims that
Barloy drew a revolver and fired twice
at him. The first shot went wide of
k its mark, but the second one struck
Constantine above the -knee, breaking
the bone and lodging" in the flesh.
Both men refuse to say how the quar
rel started; but the woman is supposed
to have been 'the cause of it.
Carl Bnrldy Shoots W. L. Constantino
in Leg and Is Arrested for As-,
sattlt to Murder.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Thn British
Government is heavily reducing thej
strength of the British Heft which
makes Its headquarters at Esquimau
naval station, so that now. brides the
flagship, only two second-clads cruisers
and the two steam launches are sta
tioned there and the present command- 1
ing admiral is to be succeeded by a
commodore when his' term expires.
The Strength of the manned fortiflca- !
tlons. however, has been very much
increased and large 9.2 sun?, weighing
thirty tons, recently have arrived from
England and been placed so a» to com
mand the harbor, where extensive
mines have been laid. Th s > drydock, ;
too. is to be enlarged. These facts are
reported by United States Consul Smith
at Victoria, B. C.
Heavy Guns Have Been Plrtccd to
Command the Harbor - and Ex
tensive Mines Lai-.!.
BRITAIN IS INCREASING
ESQUIMALT FORTIFICATIONS
WOUXDE1) DURING QUARRKIj
IN A STOCKTON -STREET HOUSE
ROME, Dec. 15. — Lieutenant Col
onel Kurada Torasuke. the -Japanese
military attache here, has received
orders to- leave Rome at the end of
the month and to return direct to
Japan. • ' :
Japanese Officer Culled Home.
While engaged in locking the doors
of a sidewalk elevator, Timothy Shee
han, a porter employed at D. Samuels'
Lace House, Sutter street and Grant
avenue, met a shocking death last
evening. He was crushed between an
elevator ahd the heavy Iron sidewalk
doors.
The unfortunate man. who had
been employed "In hl3 position but
three weeks, was assigned the duty
of locking the sidewalk doors at the
closing hour of the store. The' fas
tenings are on the inside and in order
to reach them It is necessary to do so
from the basement. As there were no
eye-witnesses to the tragedy, it is sup
posed that Sheehan stepped on the
elevator with the intention* of raising
it a sufficient distance, to permit him
to manipulate the locks. In some
manner he failed to shut off the power
and was slowly crushed to death.
The discovery of Sheehan's body
was made by George Dussan. the head
janitor, who Immediately lowered the
lift. It being found that life was ex
tinct, the Coroner's office was noti
fied and the . body removed to the
Morgue.
Deceased was a married man, aged
40 years and resided with his family
at 1829 Mission street.
PORTER CRUSHED TO DEATH
BY SIDEWALK ELEVATOR
STOCKTON, Dec. 15.— Robert G.
Paddock, who is believed to be a rep
resentative of H. E. Huntington, is in
the city securing data preparatory ta
filing an application for a franchise to
bring a new electric, power line into
this city.
It is considered that this is the first
step toward \ the construction of an
electric car road from Bakersfteld
through Fresno, Stockton and to San
FrOnclSco. Mr. Huntington owns the
street railroads in Bakersfield and
Fresno and with Mr. Harriman holds
the controlling interest in the Stockton
road. By connecting the valley cities
he could make one of the longest And
best electric roads in the world. Mr.
Paddock guarantees that when a fran
chise is granted work will be com
menced nt once.
Henry E. Huntington Believed
to Be Behind Proposed Appli
cation for Railway Franchise
\V»*h!nnton — Wallace E. Dement and D. N.
Pcndergast. Blajne. cattle guard: Charles A.
Goddard. i*esttle. dry kiln true*: James E.
McCauley and \V. C. Rrnle. Ho'ju'.flm. feed
finger for saw sharpener; Joseph Pierce. Tum
water, undcrcutter; Harry E. Smith, Iloslyn,
hot* coupling; Benjamin F. Stuart, Seattle,
pencil case: John Totfd, Seattle, collapsed fur
nace strairhtencr.. • . -.-._¦.¦,
¦CVAKHINCTON Dec. 15.— Postofflcfs to be
«i£onU™ed T l)cccn,b*r fi: Callfcrnl.-^
lano Fisklycu County.- rcall goes to Fort *«"»•«-
Fc'urth-claM postmaster uppointed: %\ash
irlton-Adia iCS! Brighton. King Coun
ty, vice Mary K. Had'.ock. resigned.
The follow'.ng patents were l?»ued to-da> .
Cal!forr.ia-CharU» J. Allen. Kan trancisco
ho'.FtinB and conveying apparatus: WinUzd
Amttjilclen. assignor oncvhalf to 8 HoxMe.
Amador City, combination l^k: David M.
lia'.ch - afihignor one-half to A. P. bt(>phrn«,
Colorado extracttnK pCUMten chloride from
luci and alieae; Henry Darry. San Francisco,
hanir*r; Frank H. Hates. San Francisco, vapor
generator: Jehn W. Ueaumont. Los Angela.
construction ot rr>of» and walls of buildings;
JCFcnh Hlack and F. J. Smith, can head'.ns ma
chine- Timothy Cnrroll. Anaheim, clutch;
Charles O Chamberlain. Pacific Grove, rail
way rail fastener; Stephen H. Church, chicken
or fowl fountain; Udward n. Dennlson. Eureka.
Fan- Frank A. Dlxon. Ban Jooe. steam cooker;
Lloyd E. El well. Los Angclejt. trolley switch;
Donitnpo Ghirardelll. San Francisco, sheet
metal can: John Hocy. fan Francisco, bed or
couch bottom: Edwin i 5 . Irvln and F. B. Jack
fcon. Oakland; atslcnorB to Reliable Non-lteflll
ahle rou!e Company, f-nn Francisco, ncn-re
fillable bottfe; Henry H. I-yon. Riverside, appa
ratus for rcmovin* pulj; from fruit; Charles
V»\ Mills and "VV. W. PcddinBton. Los Angeles,
«lectric railway fljrnalln* *j'stem (2); StHl
man A. Moulton. Campbell, device for prevent
ing BaoriBC; DcnnU J. O'Brien. asfiKnor to J.
L: MfCrrmlck. San Franclsro, and O'Brien
Klectrie Lirht Letter Company, display light;
George C. Hichards, Oakland, deep well pump
attachment; I>nroy Robertson, nrslgnor two
thirds to V. J. Yule and L. W. Forstlng. Oak
land, can<? <liF?lay attachment; Stefan C. £he
mar.pkf. Pan Francisco, gold saving device.
Oregon — Riley C Ilctt, Gtouy, rail Joint;
Daniel W. Fagalde, Douglas, piiman connec
tion.
Several Changes' Are Made in the
'.' Postal Scr\ Ice and Patents Is
„»' - : -.«_suctl to Inventors.
OF INTEREST TO >• -PEOPLE
or Tin: pacific coast
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 15.—Mar
ried and for two montns happy, and
then to find out that another wife held
a claim upon the husband, is the rather
sensational story told in a divorce com
plaint filed yesterday, wherein Mrs. Ad
dio Parker, a prominent woman who
, resides on Third and H streets, seeks
a divorce from W. H. Parker.
They were married, according to the
complaint. In 1S97. The end of the sad
romance came two months after the
[ marriage. It was then, according to
the complaint, that the wife learned her
husband had deceived her; that he was
the husband of another woman, and the
discovery caused the parting.
Mrs. Parker forced her husband to
leave her and since then they have
j lived apart. His present whereabouts
are unknown.
Prominent Woman of San Ber
nardino Files Suit for Di
vorce and Reveals Secret
TOKIO, Dec. 15. — The senior states
men of Japan. have^ just, met^fpr the
purpose of considering the reply of! the
Russian Government, to the Japanese
proposals concerning the differences in
the Far East. ; . A - .-.•
j .SEOUL, Dec. 15. — More rioting has
taken place at Mokphe and yesterday
a Japanese mob wounded seventeen
Koreans. High Korean officials are
hurrying to Mokphe to try to quell the
disorder. So far Russia has not inter
fered.
United States Minister Allen has de
manded a definite answer from the
Korean Government in regard to the
opening of the port of Wiju. Despite
American, British and Japanese pres
sure, Ru/s'-an Influence over the
Korean Government is apparently un
shaken, and It is expected that Korea
will procrastinate, and, possibly, re
fuse, eventually, to act at all.
A feeling, of unrest Is growing
among the Korean people, who fear
that, whether it be peace or war be
tween Russia and Japan, the extinc
tion of the empire is imminent. It is
believed that the outbreak of hostili
ties or the announcement of a protec
torate of any kind will precipitate
trouble. Foreigners in Seoul expect"
disorder and the American residents
desire a warship. The Korean army,
numbering 8000 men, is considered
.one of the most dangerous factors of
the situation, . an insubordinate ele
ment being beyond official control. In
case of trouble. It is feared, the sol
diers will be the first to lead the riot
ing and begin looting.
A part of the Russian squadron has
already departed for Port Arthur and
the remainder of the fleet will follow,
leaving no warships of that nation In
Korean waters.
Senior Statesmen of Japan
Convene to Pass Upon An
swer to Mikado's % Demands
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Dec. IS.— The C.ov
ernm*nt ha« decided to construct docks at
Valparaiso to cost about $10,OCO,COO.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The fun
eral of John R. Proctor, the lnte presi
dent of the Civil Service Commission.
was held in St. John's Church to-day
and the body subsequently was in
terred at Rock Creek Cemetery. Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt and a large
number of officials attended the ser
vices.
Funeral of John R. Proctor.
Patterson declared that four cut of
five Sor.ntors would hold their ncfes
«*hHe voting for, this bill and that many
of th"m would cast th^ir votes against
it if they could break away from the
influences of. the White House. He
Patterson of Colorado look up the
colloquy which occurred yesterday be
tween Senators Teller and Lodge con
cerning the laws of Cuba governing
Immigration of Chinese into the island.
Lod^e had attempted to show that the
Chinese exclusion act of thW country
was in force in Cuba. Patterson an
tagonized the statement and read re
ports and orders issued by the War
Department and later enacted into law
In Cuba, and other data to support ths
position which had been takei. by his
colleague.
PRi:i)HT« CIIIXKSE " INVASION. ¦
Pattersc-n predicted a vast influx of
Chinese irto, Cuba and declared the
Republican Congress to be the mouth
piece for the influences -.vhich threat
ened to destroy the beet sugar indus
try. He found the Inspiration' of this
course in the sugar trust, which he
accused of invading the sugar beet
fields fcr the control of the sugar sup
ply. Patterson was proceeding to say
that he wc-uld be willing to have the
tariff on sugar reduced af there could
be a corresponding reduction in other
articles of import, when Aldrich. inter
runted him to ask .'if he were -willing
to make ad valorem rates on sugar, as
on other articles. Patterson replied that
h» was willing to take the present tariff
basis, and he asked Aidrlch if . he con
sidered the tariff Inequitable. The
Rhode iFlard Senator replied that he
considered the tariff too high,- and
when Patterson was aoout to congrat
ulate hirhpilf «r)on this admission Al
drich exclaimed that he had reference
to the duty on sugar.
COIjOI t A DA N IS. SARCASTIC
McCumber of North Dakota ridiculed
the statements of friends t>r thf meas
ure that its passage wag ;he payment
of a debt and said Furh expressions
were mistaken idea? of philanthropy.
On thp contrary, said McCumber. Cuba
for years had tugged at Ihe tether
which bound her to Spanish f*sgres:?ion
and when we cut those 90n<J« it was
not understood that we should Lear the
expenses of making Cubar.s prosperous
and hanpy.
Simmons of North Carolina explained
that he had voted for the trr-aty and
would vet? for the bill. Thf: bill con
tained some provisions he would like
to have amer.dfd, but lie realized, he
said, that the time for such change*
was when the treaty was ur.der con
sideration.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— The Senate
continued the debate on the Cuban hill
to-day. Firkins of California spoke
for the measure. Patterson of Colo
rado rr.ade an extended speech against
the bill, during which there 'vr-re num
erous colloquies hetwrpn himself. A!d
rirh and Doiliver. With the former
there was quite a lively debate on th*
tariff, in which Aldrich said the duty
on Fusur wps too high. Doiliver replied
to su?g<*?tior:? made by Pattt-rsoi tint
Governor cummins of Iowa had
changed his tariff views after having
visited the -White House. . Others were
(p paced in the debate at the close of
the session.
Perkins «>f California flechrred that
th* 1 people <.f the United States had in
creased their sugar consumption six
pounds a rear per capita daring th?
past eight years. He maintained the
domestic susar industry would r.ot suf
fer by reason of the operation of the
treaty, as, should we buy the whole
Cuban cro;>, it would only supply one
third of the amount needed. Cuba, he
said, had abandoned the culti\ation of
citrus fruits on account of the vast
success of this crop in California and
Florida.
SIMMONS SUPPORTS BILL.
PLANS A LINE
INTO STOCKTON
Commandant of the Infantry and
Cavalry School, Fort Leavenworth—
Brigadier Generaf Bell.
The Pacific division will To'-, composed
of the present departments of Califor
nia and Columbia. The headquarters
of the division will be San Francisco.--,,
The southwestern division Kill be
comppsed of the departments of Colo
rado and Texas. The Department 'of
Texas will be enlarged by th<.» addition!
of the States of Louisiana and Arkan
sas and Oklahoma and Indian Terri-^
tories. The headauartcrs of this-di
vision will be Oklahoma City, O. T._' _V>
The Philippine division will remain
as now constituted. The following til-"
vision commanders have. been decided
upon:
Atlantic division. Major General Cor.-j
bin; northern division. Major General
Bates; Pacific division. Maj^r General
MacArthur; southwestern division,
Major General Sumner; Philippine di
vision, Major General Wade.
The order becomes effective on Janu
ary 15, 1904. The following officers have
been designated to assume command of
the several departments:
Department of the Gulf— Brigadier
General Haines.
Department of the Lakes— Brigadier
General Grant.
Department of Missouri — Brigadier
General Wint (Brigadier General Carr,
temporarily).
Department of Dakota — Brigadier
General Kobbe.
. Department of California— Major
General MacArthur, temporarily.
Department of Columbia — Brigadier
General Funston.
Department of Colorado— Brigadier
General Baldwin.
Department of Texas — Brigadier Gen
eral Lee (Brigadier General Barry tem
porarily). .- .
Department of Luzon — Brigadier
General Randall. ?
Department of "Visayas— Brigadier
General Carter.
Department of Mindanao — Major
General Wood.
St. Louis
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The Secre
tary of War to-day approved the rec
ommendation of the general staff es
tablishing military divisions- 1 find some
what changing the present boundary
Jines of departments in th.» United
States. There will be four divisions in
the United States and one in the Phil
ippines.
The northern division will be com
posed of the present Department of the
Lakes, the Department of. Missouri and
the Department of Dakota. The De
partment of Missouri is enlarged by
adding thereto' the State of Wyoming,
which has been. detached from the De
partment of Colorado. The headquar
ters of the northern division will be at
RUSSIA'S REPLY
IS CONSIDERED
party. -
To this the reply was made .that the
Democratic party had been in power
but very little during the past fifty
years. Senator Stone took Issue with
his colleague and. favored firm caucus
action. When the vote was taken Sen
ator Cockrell, on account of his views,
was excused from voting. Two other
Senators voted against the proposition.
Senator Mallory moved to exclude
from the operations of the agreement
the pending Cuban reciprocity bill and
the Panama treaty, but this was voted
down. It was stated that questions
on which caucus action was to be taken
I would be considered as they arose.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The Demo
cratic caucus to-day, after considerable
opposition, passed a resolution declaring
that caucus action of this party here
after should be binding and that all
members should abide by such caucus
action. The caucus ¦will assemble to
morrow, when, it is expected, the Pan
ama treaty will be taken up. The res
olution to make the caucus binding
provides that any action so Indorsed
must" have a two-thirds vote.
The Panama canal situation was dis*
cussed and it .was" developed', that a
sufficient number of Democrats- would
vote !for the treaty to insure its rati
fication.
The action of the Democratic cau
cus in making the future decrees of
the caucus binding was not unanimous.
Senator Cockrell opposed this propo
sition, saying that during the past fifty
years such a proceeding was not re
garded as necessary by the Democratic
"It does not He in the mouth of any
man of the Republican party to com
plain-when v.c ask for the protection
of an infant Industry wblch falls within
the rule laid down by the. Republican
party." saM he.
compared those who were controlled by
this influence to "a nest of young rob
ins, standing with mouths wide open
and readv to -swallow even a reciproc
ity worm if dropped by the parent bird
at the White House."
Replying to ?ono of AMrich's re
marks, vtiE.de in the course of Patter
son's sr>eech. Teller sold that the su- |
gar producers had asked no special fa
vor fcr thf'.r industry.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Rural free
delivery, reciprocity with Canada and
the new republic of Panama were top
ics of discussion in the House to-day.
The subject of rural free delivery was
introduced by Maddox (D.) of Georgia,
who claimed that certain States had
been faYored in the establishment of
routes. This allegation resulted in a
lively discussion.
Crumpacker (R.) of Indiana defend
ed the course pursued by the adminis
tration in dealing with the Central
American situation and replied to criti
cisms which have been made on the
opposite side of the chamber.
Crumpacker, in a colloquy with Wil
liams, the minority leader, asked if it
Svan r.oi trufi the Democrats were will
ing to accent the stolen goods if per
mitted to cor.demn the act of taking.
Witliams reoMed that while they emild
not recognize the character of the child
they could treat it properly.
Maddox (D.) of Georgia, replying to
Crumpacker, said he had arraigned the
party for" statements made by a few
members of the minority. He then
spoke on the rural free delivery. He
produced figures and declared that of
the 15,000 routes established last June
more than one-third we're located in
four States — Iowa, Indiana, Ohio and
Illinois— and that the first named two
States had more routes than twelve
Southern States which he named.
Gardner .(R.) of Massachusetts re
plied to the remarks of Lind (D.) of
Minnesota relative lo freer trade rela
tions with Canada. He said the cot
ton interests of this country would suf
fer if thrown into competition with la
bor in Quebec, which he declared to be
underpaid, and where, he said, the
standard of living was lower than in
the cott6n manufacturing: districts in
this country. Gardner spoke of the
fishing interests and how they would
be affected, and said the Question of
reciprocity sheuld be approached se
riously ard studied with care.
Rainc-y (D.) of Illinois said the Pana
ma car.al now was an assured fact.
He had r.o criticism to make regard
ing the recognition of the new republic,
but expressed the hope that free gov
ernment would be given to the Philip
pines, which, he said, yielded unwill
ingly to American authority. He saw
no objection to- the landing of Colom
bian trcois. In addition to •construc
tion of the Panama canal, he contended
for^ the construction of a deep water -
way from the Great Lakes to the Gulf
ot Mex'.co.
WASHINGTON', Dec. 18.— The execu
tive council of the American Federa
tion of Labor held conferences to-day
with Speaker Cannon and Congress
man Gardner, chairman of the House
Committee on Labor, discussing meas
ures in which the labor representatives
are interested. They requested con
sideration of the eight hour bill and the
prison labor anti-injunction bills. A
conference was also held with Presi
dent (pro tem.) Frye and Senator Mc-
Cornas, chairman of the Senate Com
mittee on Labor.
Speaker Cannon Informed his visitors
he had no doubt they \vould be given
a full and free hearing on the bills in
which they are interested, and said It
would be his duty as well as his pleas
ure to co-operate with them to secure
fair hearing and a full discussion of
all legislation they might suggest. The
Speaker told his visitors that they
would find the House organized for the
full and free discussion of all questions
touching the Interests of the American
people without regard to class distinc
tion, and that the House could not af
ford to try to secure legislation for
one class to the detriment of another.
Legislation, he said, should be for th»
benefit of the whole people. The
Speaker assured the members of the
executive council that he was not op
posed to organized labor.
SATS ANOTHER
WAS HIS WIFE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Two bills
were. Introduced in the Sennte to-day
by Senator Penrose designed to
strengthen the laws regulating the use
of the malls. One Is aimed at the "get
rich-Quick" concerns and at guessing
contests, and includes the District of
Colurrfbia and "all territory within the
Jurisdiction of the United States" in \
the law forbidding the use of the mails
for the transmission of lottery tickets.
The bills were drawn In the law di
vision of "the Postofnce D?partment.
The act of 18S0. forbidding lotteries, is
amended by inserting the following
language in the prohibitory section:
"Or any person or company conduct-
Ing any competition or contest Involv
ing the award of prizes and based upon
the relative accuracy of guesses or esti
mates; or conducting any Scheme or
device for betting, wagering or making
pools on horseraces or other similar
contests."
This amendment is held to be neces
sary by reason of the Attorney Gen
eral holding that contests which involve
the award of prizes obtained upon the
relative accuracy of guesses" or esti
mates as to the number of votes in a
political election . or the number of
beans that a certain Jar contains, etc.,
are not in violation of the present lot
tery laws.
It is sought by the amendment also
to protect the public against fraud as
well as to suppress gambling which
accompanies betting on horses. Betting
on horseraces has been held not to be
within the purview of the lottery laws.
Consequently it is held that the only
way by which these turf investment
schemes can be suppressed under ex
isting laws Is upon the ground of fraud,
in which case it Is extremely difficult
to obtain sufficient evidence to warrant
an action. Such evidence cannot be
obtained in any event u:;tll after the
scheme has been In operation some time
and after the company has Sn its pos
session thousands of dollars of the pub
lic's money. ' *
. - i
War Secretary Adopts Recom
mendations Regarding the
Departments' Boundary Lines
McCumber Ridicules the Claim
That United States Owes
a Debt to Island Republic
Democrats in Congress Decide
to Vote as a' Unit Upon
All Party. Issues That Arise
Geonria Representative Ac
cuses the Postoffice Depart
ment of Showing Favoritism
Assures His Visitors That
They Wii] Be Given a; Full
Hearing- on Pending: Measures
Proposed Law Is Designed to
Place Under the Ban All
Manner of Lottery Schemes
BARS GUESSING CONTESTS
SENATE CONTINUES DEBATE
RURAL DELIVERY ROUTES
CANNON MAKES PROMISE
ARMY CHANGES
ARE APPROVED
Crun^packer Defends the Ad
•mjnistration's Attitude in
Relation to Canal Affairs
California's Senior Senator
Makes Speech in Advocacy
v of the Reciprocity Treaty
Representatives of .American
Federation of Labor Hold a
Conference With the Speaker
Senator Penrose Would Sup
press "Get-Rich-Quick" Con
cerns That Use the Mails
CAUCUS RULE
FOR MINORITY
PERKINS TALKS
ON CUBAN BILL
HOUSE DEBATES
VARIOUS TOPICS
BILL STRIKES
IT GAMBLING
DISCUSS BILLS
BEFORE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
PANAMA WiliL SHARE WITH COLOMBIA
THE TEN-MILLIpN-DOLLAR CANAL FUND
TO BE PAID BY THE UNITED STATES
ABERDEEN-— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr »!•]
vllle Dollar, hence Dec 1-.
S.ilied Dec 10— Stmr Newburs, for £an Fran
cisco. ¦. ¦¦ ':'¦ 'j ¦» we '. i, . ¦
.PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Dec ltf— Ger
bark Nlobs, from 'Port L.udlow.
FOREIGN KORT.
VICTORIA. B C— Sailed Dec 13 — Jaj> stmr
Iyo Maru^ for : Yokohama.
. ARRIVED..
¦ '.-Tuesday. December • 15.
Stmr Arctic. Heiner. 'M hours from Kureka.
Stmr CUleo, Martin, Ci hours from Coquitle
River. : • ~ *
. . SAILED..
Tuesday; December 15.
Stmr ("oquille River, Dart, Crescent City.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. .
« £»* :.:> DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK. Dec. IB. — The steam
er City of- Washington arrived to-day
from Colon, bringing the signed copy
of the canal .treaty with the republic
of Panama. The. treaty was In a. metal
box in charge <of the purser, who turn
ed It over to v a representative of the
Government on arrival at the dock.
Steamship Brings Canal Treaty.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Senator
Morgan .to-day introduced a resolution
directing the Attorney General to in
form the Senate whether he has made,
or is making, on. behalf of the United
States, a purchase of the Droperty of
the new Panama Canal Company or
its franchises and concessions: If so,
what authority on the isthmus Is recog
nized in the transaction, and whether
any agreement has been entered into
between France and the. authorities -on
the isthmus in respect to such pur
chase.
Morgan's Anti-Cunal Resolution.
•COLON-. Dec. 15.— The United
States gunboat Bancroft has returned
to Colon. She had been engaged in
making soundings at Porto Bello and
Nombre de Dio's and charting the har
bors all along that coast.
The 'United States auxiliary cruiser
Dixie was alongside the railroad dock
to-day, discharging all of her stores.
She is under orders to sail for Phila
delphia and will return here with
more marines for service on the Isth
mus. She will sail to-morrow or
Thursday, 'after disembarking the ma
rines at present on board.
, Rear Admiral Walker sailed for
New York to-day on the steamship
Segurancia.
Cruiser Dixie Will Transport American
Bluejackets to Panama.
MORE MARINES FOR ISTIIMUS.
VALLtSJpr Dec. 15.— The torpedo
boat -dijptroyers Preble and .Paul Jones
left herevfor San. Francisco yesterday
to be\'doclte3 t jas the one..;; dqcjc,' here
Is already full of ships aiid^tugs. The
boiler makers of the navy fyard/are : at
work on til rpedo : boat destroyer
Perry, ; ;endeav6Hng^to : hammer ¦ and
patchi her -boilers into shape % by next
Tuesday/ -The Preble is..under ; orders
to proceed, to Panama and,- her stores
are ready' 1 ; to "go • aboard. The Paul
Jones ' and; Perry are to - be ready to
follow her ddwn the coast at an hour's
notice. "V;
tLieutenant Arthur MacArthur, -who
has' ¦'b'eeri^ irr charge of the submarine
boats jPfke! and Grampus for some
months',) has been transferred to, the
Paul Juries. Other officers are, en route
from the East under ordertj to duty on
the-v. destroyers.
The armored cruiser New York is
eypected^'ddwn from Bremerton navy
yard" within a few days and she may
convey the destroyers to the isthmus,
although experience on the Atlantic
coast Shows that the larger torpedo
boats are .able to take care of them
selves -in almost all kinds of weather.
The gunboat Petrel is hurrying stores
and ammunition on board and is to
leave here Thursday morning and it
is understood will proceed direct to
Panama. The Petrel is the most heav
ily armed gunboat of. her tonnage in
the world, and her light draught makes
her serviceable in comparatively shal
low water.
The transport Solace is* being loaded
deep with many hundred tons of pro
visions, clothing and ammunition and
will be ready, to leave here in a day
or two to intercept Admiral Evans'
fleet at Honolulu. The Solace, is like
ly to sail from here within the ..next
twenty-four hours. She will stop at
San Francisco for additional stores.
The front of the navy yard is astir
with the preparation of ships of war
for sea and the assembling of stores
and ordnance for the cruise, .while the
submarine boat3 Grampus and Pike
are busy with evolutions in the bay.
Boatswain Bernard "Radcliff "has 'been
detached, from --duty "at Mare Island
and ordered to training station at Goat
Island. He will -be succeeded by Boat
swain John M. A. Shaw. <
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHRISTMAS CALL
~ •¦ : ' -.:? 'NEXT SUXI)AY-
CYRUS TOWNSEND BRADY.
Ever Writ- \ *
That Sti)lcndid ; New Wnr-
TimclJomcdy With the
Tragic Interlude; the
r Strongest Book
• SEE THE PICTURES
"A LITTLE TBAIT0R TO
THE SOUTIL"
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 14. 1003.— Two
of the m<Jst interesting- reports from new
cape* the past week are as follows*:
Mrs. A. \\\ Peters, Moville. Iowa.—
"My daughter, aged 10, has taken
bottlr* of jour Compound for Diabetes
er.<5 hns impro\ed so '• much that sh*>
TT2nt« to go la school ajniin. Before tak-
ing the Compound the water amounted to
7 and 8 <;u«rts in 24 hours. Now.it has
reduced to half. She Is her us-jal'weight
epsin. h«* rosy checks/etc.' «hpu!d she
rest longer or ran She retur_n_tp school?"
J. H. /Wright. Mineral U'ells. ; Texai.—
"1 *m now qn .the fourth mpnth of your
Corapour.d for Bright'* Disease. When I
started on it there was 40 per cent of ai*
bum«n. Now I haven't a.' trace. It's all
rirht iii Briphf* Disease; ' I am in busi-
ness hjjre at -the Wells-, and would like
to handle your Compounds here. Write
ot once -what you wfll do. I can do you
good here, as a er.eatrnany with Crighfs
Disease .come Jiere. I came here myself
from If endeiKO:!. Texas. I reTer you to
the Farmers* "«ri«l Merchants- National
Hank of that place." *'••' %
Stntc after State is reporting recover-
ies in nrighfs Disease anil Diabetes! dis-
eases that were considered necessarily
rataJ up to the discovery of the Fulton
Compounds. Nearly every mail brings
imports of some new recovery or cases
rrof.rrsieinR toward recovery. Nearly
V0 l>or crnt recover, the failures being
cJmost exclusively amengj cases .in ex-
tremis and many of them g-et well.
Writ* frr. literature to Jno. J. Fulton
Co- 403 Wrshlr.ston SL, San Francisco"
JWO. J. FULTON CO.
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
I
Dr. Shoop's
Rheumatic Cure
Costs Nothing ff It Tails.
Any honest person who Buffers from Rheu-
matism is welcome to this offer. For years I
searched everywhere to find a specific for Ilhea-
matism. For nearly 20 years I worked to thii
end. At last. In Germany, my search was re-
warded. I found a costly chemical that did net
disappoint me as other Rheumatic prescriptions
had disappointed physicians everywhere.
I do not m«an that Dr. Snoop" s Rheumatis
Cure can turn bony joints Into flesh again. That
Is impossible. But It will drive from the blocd
the poison that causes pain and swelling, and
then that is the end of Rheumatism. I know
this so well that I will furnish for a full month
my Rheumatic Cure on trial. I cannot cure all
«ases within a month. It would be unreason-
able to expect that. But rncst cases will yield
within 30 days. This trial treatment will con*
vine* you that Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure Is
a power asainst Rheumatism — a potent fore*
against disease that Is Irresistible.
My offer Is made to convince you of my faitn.
My faith is but the outcome of experience— of
actual knowledse. I know what it can do. - And
I know this so well that J will furnish my rem-
edy on trial. Simply write m» a postal for my
book on Rheumatism. - I will then axranff» wits
a druggist in your vicinity so that you caa se»
cure six bottles of Br. Shoop's Rheumatic Cur*
to make the test. You make take it a full month
on trial. If It succeeds the cost to you is S3 50.
If It fails the less Is mine and mine alone. It
will be left entirely to you. I mean that ex-
actly. I? you say the trial is not satisfactory I
don't expect a penny from you.
I have no samples. Any mere sample that
can aftect chronic Rheumatism must be drugged
to the verge of danger. I use no such drugs,
for it is dangerous to take them. Tou must get
ths disease out of the blood. My remedy does
that even, In the most difficult, obstinate cases.
It has cured the eldest cases that I ever met.
and In all of my experience. In all of my 2000
tests, I never found another remedy that would
cure one chronic ca»« In ten.
Write me and I will send you the book. Try
my remedy for a month, for It can't harm you
anyway. If It fails the loss is mini*.
Address Dr. Snoop. Box 630. Racine. WIs.
HIM cases not chronic are often cured by on*
cr two bottles. At all druggists. .
\A/ridht
wVI I^IIL
Medical Institute,
305 KEARNY ST.
Thoroughly equipped for modern
treatment o" the sick and afflicted.
Consult our physicians at offlc* or br
letter.
WE POSITIVEXT CURE
Female Diseases, chronic affections of
the Stomach and Kidneys. Scrofula an4
all Blood disease*. Catarrh. Asthma.
Rheumatism. Sciatica, ParalysU ani
Spinal diaeases. ,
MEN. consult our specialist and b«
convinced of fcls sUMrior ability.
PILES and all rectal diseases treatM
on a positive guarantee. (
Consultation free at offles or by
letter. . I
WRIGHT MEDICAL INSTITUTE. *
305 KEARNT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
TkiSTTCITTCO FOR BARBERS. DA-
HKlJSHliO *ers. bootblacks, bath-
MJLl \J UIXLJU houses, billiard tablss.
brewers, bookbinders, eandy-inakers. cannery
dyeis. flour mills, foundries. 1 « a £A rt9 !- £,5tl*
hangers, printers, painter.. sho« faetortem.
»tablem*fl tar-rocfers. tanner*, tailors, etc.
BT7CHA2TA27 BEOS..
aroah Maaaf»ctnr»rs.6O3 Sacr«n«ato St.
Schools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF ¦ THE
WEST. 24 Pott St.. San Francisco. Cal.
established 40 years. Open entlr* yew.
Writ* for Illustrated catalogue itr<?»).
Is a strong poin& with
Hood's Sarsaparilla. A
bottle lasts longer and does
more good than any other.
It is the only medicine of
which can truly be said
1 00 DOSES ONE DOLLARDENVER, Colo., Dec. 15.— A special
to the Republican from Georgetown,
Colo., saya the trial of the union miners
charged with complicity in the blowing
up of the Sun and Moon mine buildings
at Idaho Springs was begrun to-day.
Twenty-three men ' were arrested and
charged with the crime. Four of these
were to-day discharged on motion of
the District Attorney and flvc failed to
appear for trial. The other fourteen
were In court. The work of securing a
jury Is expected to consume three days.
The principal question asked by the
State Is •whether the prospective jury
man is a member of the Western Fed
eration, of Miners, while the defense
asks if 'Tie belongs to the Citizens' Al
liance. If he answers affirmatively to
either Question he Is excused.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Dec. 15.—
Colonel Verdeckberg announced to-day
that all troops guarding mines would
be immediately withdrawn to the cen
tral camps and the military force In
the district reduced to. 350 men.
Grievances of Coopers Are Adjusted.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15. — Peace between
the packing houses and the employes
practically was \ assured ¦ to-day ; when
all but one of the grievances of the
striking coopers were adjusted. The
truce brought to an end the talk of a
general strike.- 4--- \- c
Brooklyn Signs CaUfornla Players.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— By the addi
tion; of four California - players the
Brooklyn nine has; been strengthened
for - next season by Manager Hanlon.
President Ebbets announced that the
men signed are .Frank Dillon, Phil" Na
deau, D- A. Van Bureri" and 'A. -Lumley.
Dillon is an Inflelder,- while the,- others
are crack? outfielders. The other'; men
that will surely wear superba uniforms
next season are Rltter, Jacklltsch, Gar
yin, Jones, Reldy,' Doescher, McCor
mick, Babb arjd ; Qronlnl
REDDING, Deo. 15.-^John Heyhal. on . trial
since December 30 , for -the murier of . William
Morgan; who * was ' shot ; from '¦ ambush In ¦ Twin
Valley May. 2". lost, was found grullty this af
ternoon of murder in the. first degree. The Jury
recommended life imprisonment.
Jury Is Being Secured' to Try
Them on Charge. of Blowing.
Up Houses at Idaho ' Springs
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 15.— A heavy rain be
gan falllngj in Sonoma County to-night. The
weather had been threatening for. several days.*
UNION MINERS
PUT ON TRIAL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Senator
Heyburn of Idaho to-day introduced a
joint resolution requesting the Presi
dent to acquire by annexation the isl
and of San Domingo, embracing the de
pendencies of San Domingo and Hayti.
Simpson, the UnitbA States^ Consul at
Puerto Plata; San Domingo, has" cabled
the State Department, under to-day's
date, that a revolution has broken out
at Santiago and that the movement Is
extensive and serious. This is supposed"
to be the result of the failure of the
provisional Government to secure rec
ognition at the hands of United States
Minister Powell, which operated
to prevent that Government obtaining
money necessary to maintain itself
through/ a foreign loan.
Nothing Is known officially^ of the re
ported plots against the life' cf United
States Minister Powell, but the navy
will take all necessary precautions to
protect the American legation in San
Domingo.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 15.— George T.
Williams, city recorder and a pioneer
of Kern, died this morning. He was a
G. A. R. veteran.
were worthy of the masterpiece of
Sardou. The audience gave the ac
tress repeated ovations.
Bakersfield Recorder Dead.
OFFICIAL IN* DANGER OF AS
SASSINATION*. AUTHOR OF
ANNEXATION SCHEME.
LONDON*. Dec. 15. — The will of the
late Cardinal Herrero y Espinosa con
tains, according to a special dispatch
from Madrid, the extraordinary be
quest of $ 10,000 to the "first Spanish
general landing on United States ter
ritory with an army sufficiently strong
to avenge the defeats of Cuba and the
Philippines." Pending this event the
legacy is to remain deposited in the
Bank of Spain.
Leaves $10,000 to First Spanish Gen
eral Who Avenges the Defeats
of Cuba and Philippines.
CARDINAL ESPIXOSA'S WTLJj
CONTAINS STRANGE BEQUEST
Maj;er retired from business in
1900, leaving the office to his son,
Nathaniel A. Mayer. A -widow and
six children survive.
CHICAGO. Dec. 15. — Leopold May
er, a retired private banker of Chi
cago, is dead at his residence after a
week's illness, of heart disease. Mayer
was born at Abenheim, Germany, in
1827 and came to America in 1830.
As a banker Mayer had an Influence
on the financial history of Chicago.
The firm of Leopold Mayer & Son
weathered the famous Black Friday
of financial distress, the panic of 1873
and the troublous times of 1893.
to Attack of Heart Disease.
Leopold Mayer of Chicago Succumbs
DEATH OF A FINANCIER,
JOHNSON CITT. Tenn., Dec. 15. —
Major William H. Garland, who had
shaken hands with every President of
the United States e^ept Washington,
is dead at the Natipnal Soldiers'
Home here, aced 94. He was one of
the naval cadet company that accom
panied Lafayette on hi3 second visit
to America in 1822, and he at ons
time conversed with Napoleon on the
island of St. Helena.
AGED VETERAN
ANSWERS THE
LAST SUMMONS
PARIS, Dec. 15.— Sardou's "La Sor
ciere" was produced by Sarah Bern
hardt to-night in her own theater and
.was a great triumph for both author
and actress.
The action of the play passes in To
ledo in the middle ages. Zoroya, the
daughter of a Moorish physician, Is
enamored of Don Enrique, a Spanish
captain, who returns her passion, thus
braving the risk of the terrible pun
ishment allotted to a Christian who
unites himself with a Moor, and for
getting momentarily his betrothal to
Juana, the daughter of the Governor
of the city.
Juana, who is a sleep walker, seeks
a cure for her affliction at the hands
of Zoroya, whose scientific accomplish
ments have earned for her the repu
tation of a sorceress. Juana inciden
tally reveals to Zoroya that the man
whom she is to marry on the morrow 13
Don Enrique. ( Zoroya determines to
prevent the marriage, and, obtaining
entrance to the Governor's palace, puts
Juana to sleep.
Don Enrique, on approaching the
bridal chamber, finds at the threshold
a veiled woman, who overwhelms him
with reproaches. He explains that he
was betrothed to Juana before he
knew Zoroya and that honor compelled
the .fulfillment of his pledge. Zoroya.
influenced by Don Enrique's informa
tion, is about to forgive him when the
officer of the inquisition arrives to ar
rest her for witcherv. Don Enrique re
sists the officer and he and Zoroya are
carried before J.he fnquisition tribunal.
Bernhardt has a splendid scene in
which Zoroya, in order to save Don En
rique, confesses whatever is required of
her. She declares that she bewitched
Don Enrique, and that she alone is the
guilty one. The court acquits the cap
tain and condemns the woman to the
stake.
Guessing the truth. Don Enrique ar
rives at the place of executfon at the
same moment the pardon for Zoroya
from the Governor is received, the par
don being given because this Moor
alone is able to reawaken Juana. The
mob is furious at seeing its victim
about to escape and tries to seize her,
when Don Enrique draws his sword
and defends her until it is seen that
his efforts are hopeless. Then Zoroya
conveys poison to the captain by a
kiss and the two die together, amid
the howling of the mob.
The dramatic interest was splendid
ly kept up and Bernhardt's impersona
tion of the Moorish girl was magnifi
cent. " The staging , and the accessories
PARIS, Dec. 15.— Dispatches from
Indo-China report ths massing oC
French troops on the Siamfc3o border,
in anticipation of war. The officials of
Indo-Chlna are quoted as saying that
ths occupation of a large portion of
Siam has been decided upon. /
The authorities in Paris do not be
lieve that a rupture with Slam will
occur and say the measures taken art
merely precautionary.
It is denied here that the occupation
of Siamese territory is contemplated at
this time. -V
Scene Is Laid in Toledo in the
Middle Ages, and tjve Actress
Appears in the Title Role
Officials in Paris Deny That
the Occupation of Territory
Is Contemplated at This Time
AUTHOR SHARES TRIUMPH
THEIR OBJECT IX DOUBT
HAS FEAR OF SOCIALISTS
MAKES APPEAL TO LAW
Says That He Notes the Same
Carelessness That Existed in
France Prior to Bevolution
General of Society of Jesus
Who Is Made Defendant
Says Case Is One of Blackmail
ROME, Dec. 15.— Editor Spadoni of
the Roman Herald caused a summons
to be issued to-day against Father Mar
tin, general of the Society of Jesus, for
the purpose of obtaining compensation
with costs alleged to be due the editor
for work done by agreement with Fath
er Martin in the propaganda against
the American portion of the Catholic
church In the United States.
The editc-r says that Father Martin
promised to obtain from Pope Leo an
encyclical condemning this American
ism in the church and recalling Arch
bishop Ireland to due obedience to the
Holy See, while at the same time Spa
doni was to arouse public opinion
through the paper which he then pub
lished, and which was called the True
Catholic American, issued berth in Eng
lish and Italian. Beginning in Febru
ary, 1899, several thousand copies of
the paper were sent to the United
States.
Spadoni asserts that owing to this
writing and the influence of his paper
Americanism in the church had disap
peared to a considerable extent and
he called for the alleged promised com
pensation, not receiving which he had
recourse to the law courts. . The case
will be argued December 18.
Father Martin says that Editor Spa
doni's allegation is false and the case
is one of blackmail. He said he would
not appear in court, but would leave
the matter altogether in the hands of
his lawyer.
SHAW EXPLAINS
TO EMBASSADOR
'roves to Baron Sternberg
That Germany's Exports Are
Xot Discriminated Against
BERLIN. Dec. 15.— Count von Lim
burgr-Stirum, during the debate on the
budg-et in the Reichstag to-day, sharply
criticized the Government for failing to
take vigorous measures against the
Socialists. He drew a parallel of the
Germany of to-day and France prior
to the revolution and said he saw in
Germany the same unconcern and care
lessness on the part of the Government
that had existed in France.
Count von Bulow, imperial Chancel-
Jcr. protested against the comparison
and said that personally he lelt him
self perfectly free from the carcless
nefs prevailing amors the French rul
ing classes at the time. Of course, he
said, the ruler of France did not be
lieve that a revolution was coming,
but it came swift and bloody. "But
where in Germany," allied the Chan
cellor, '"are there oppressive privileges
of the nobility and clergy; where here
can be found luxurious courts; where
ths tithes and the vassalage under
which the peasants and burghers suf
fered at that time in France? Thanks
to our great Emperor and cur great
Chancellor, Bismarck, we have a social
kingdom; we have social reform legis
lation in every nook and corner."
After outlining the policy of the Gov
ernment dealing with soc:a!ism Count
von Bulow expressed the hope that the
debates of the past few days would
strengthen the confidence of the burg
her classes in the Government and also
strengthen their self-confldence, be
cause the present order of society "is
really much stronger than society itself
th'.nks."
Secretary of the Interior von Posa
dowsky-Wehner said that the Socialists
couJd accomplish much more for the
interests of the laboring classes if they
laid aside republican allurements.
The first reading of the budget was
finished and the Reichstag adjourned to
January 1.
Previous to the budget debate the
house passed the third reading of the
bHl prolonging for two years the modus
vivendi in trade relations with Great
Britain.
GERMAN EMPEROR PUNISHES
CROWN .PRINCE FREDERICK
Requires Him to Remain in His Room
for Three Days for Havinz
Raced a Steeplechase.
BERLIN, Dec. 15. — Crowri Prince
Frederick "William v/as required by
his father to remain in his room for
three-*days for having raced a steeple
chase against the Emperor's wishes.
The race took place near Potsdam
three or four weeks ago. ¦ The Crown
Prince is a venturesome rider and had
been reprimanded by the Emperor
for riding up the steps of the Sans
Souci Palace at the head of the Sec
ond Company of the First Regiment
of the Guards, of -which regiment he
had recently been" appointed colonel,
a few days before, on which occasion
it is reported the Emperor said he
must not. endanger his life by steeple
chasing. The Prince, while at Bonn
University, was noted for driving tan
dem at ful! speed to see how close he
could cut corrrers.
PERSIANS A\D TURCOMAN'S
BATTLE ON THE FRONTIER
Establishment of Customs Houses
Causes Sancainary Conflicts and
Both Sides Sustain Ix>sses.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 15. — San
jrainary conflicts between Persians and
Turcomans are reported to have oc
curred on the Russo-Persians' fron
tier. The trouble arose from the es
tablishment of Persian custom-houses.
Fights between customs officers and
Turcomans followed and resulted in
killings on both sides.
The Governor of Astrabad, with a
large body of troops, intervened and
refused an indemnity offered by the
Turcoman kahns. In the fighting that
ensued both sides sustanied heavy
losses.
According to a telegram to the No
voe Vremya the Persian troops were
defeated and retired to Astrabad.
County Assesgor-EIeet Dalton.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 15.— Alameda
County has got its share of the offices
of the County Assessors of California.
Henry P. Dalton of Oakland has been
chosen president and T. M. Robinson
of Alameda, assistant secretary- Frank
Smith of Santa Barbara was chosen
vice president and H. T. Jones of Con
tra Costa county secretary. The com
mittee on legislation reported in favor
of abolishing poll taxes.
Tug Sinks With Her •¦ Crew.
NATCHEZ. Miss., Dec. 15.— The 140
ton tugboat Mattie M, engaged in tow
irig cotton seed, was swamped during a
storm to-day and sank in twenty feet
of water in the old bed of Lake Con
cordia. Two white men and five ne
gToes were drowned.
Xew Average Bowling Mark.
LOS ANGELES, Ca!.. Dec. 15.—Ar
thur Hunsrerford, a member of the Re
liance bowling team, to-day set a. new
average mark for three games. Hun
gerford made a total of 723 pins in
three games, the average being 241. The
scores were 255, 244, 224.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— A confer
ence was held to-night in the White
House at which Secretary Shaw and
Baron Sternberg, the German Embas
sador, talked with the President in re
gard to the consular invoices of goods
Imported from Germany. The German
Embassador said that many of the
German manufacturers were unable to
understand how it was the - invoice
price of goods imported from Germany
into the United States was frequently
advanced by the customs officers at
these ports and the feeling prevailed
In some quarters, he said, that German
goods were being discriminated against
by the customs authorities of this coun
try.
Secretary Shaw in explanation stated
that consular officers abroad could not
be expected to know the real or market
value of many goods shipped from
their ports and prices given could only
be approximated to the market price.
Under the customs laws of the United
States the value of goods upon which
duties are assessed is the market value,
and it often happened, he said, that
unscrupulous importers secure in
voices at a lower value than the market
value, in the hope of decreasing '.heir
customs payment. Secretary Shaw
stated to Baron Sternberg that nothing
could be further from the purpose of
his officers than to discriminate against
German exports. All nations were
treated exactly alike.
The Embassador seemed to be fully
satisfied that no discrimination was
made in the case of German goods. £
BOSTON'S VOTE
IS DEMOCRATIC
Patrick " Collins Re - elected
Mayor of the Hub City by
a Record Plurality of 27,000
BOSTON, Dec. 15.— The Democrats
won an overwhelming victory in the
municipal election to-day. Mayor Pat
rick Collins was re-elected by 27,000
plurality. This is the largest plurality
ever given a mayoralty candidate* In
the history of the city. The Board of
Aldermen next year will be solidly
Democratic, and that party will have a
large majority in the Common Council.
The citv. as usual, favored licensed
liquor selling by a large majority.
The election to-day was notable for
the Republican apathy. The vote of
George H. Swallow,, the candidate for
Mayor, fell oft more than..33.per cent
from that given the party candidate
two years ago, while it ran nearly 20
per cent behind the. vote of Governor
Bates at the State election last month.
HAXXA REITERATES HIS
REFUSAL. TO BE CANDIDATE
Yet.the Wording of His Letter Is Such
as to Revive Hopes of His
Friends.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec 15.—Sena
tor Hanna's friends are building some
hope of his permitting himself to be of
fered for Presidential honors on a sen
tence of the following letter, which one
of them received from him to-day:
"I have read with 'interest your kind
letter of the 4th inst. and assure you of
my sincere appreciation of the senti
ments expressed in the same and of
your regard and confidence In me. Such
suggestions as you make with reference
to next year are, of course, highly com
plimentary, but -my position on this
subject is well defined and known." ¦¦'. I
have no personal ambition to serve, and
cannot be considered in any sense a
candidate for the Presidential nomina
tion. Sly only desire Is to : serve my
party to the extent of my ability."
Troops Are Massing on the
Frontier as Though in An
ticipation of a Conflict
Sarah Bernhardt Successfully
% Presents Sardou's Play in Her
Own Theater in City of Paris
Consul Simpson at Puerto Plata Reports Spread of the
New Revolution Directed Against General Jiminez,
Who Only a Short Time Ago Overthrew Wos y Gil
Claims That He Has Not Been
Compensated for Work Dqiic
At Bequest of the Clergyman
Policy of the Government Is
Criticized in the Reichstag by
Count von Limburg-Stirnm
FRENCH FORCE
MENACES SIAM
ROMAN EDITOR
SUES A PRIEST
"LA SORCIERE"
SCORES A HIT
SAYS GERMANY
IS TOO LENIENT
SENATOR HEYBURN PROPOSES
SAN DOMINGO'S ANNEXATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ; DECEMBER 16, 1903.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Bath Robes for Christmas Gifts|
Not every man wants , /^^^
a bath robe, but every man 4j£§x /% *^$B '
who has one would not be -^yJS^'i^ 4T M%i
without this handy garment, /ya *WN
• There is scarcely a man ' x^ x III--- -. -^
but who would appreciate a "^V-^ - "j^^^^ S "'*"^^\
bath robe as a Christmas gift. •
We have made a very fortun- M'^^§$
ate purchase of some flannel and " W§£ ¦:iM^^-i : : : M
eiderdown goods, which have been / f : !jif-
made into excellent bath jobes. >::v , /^^pL^../i^^- ?^^^--^
The purchase was very for- -^V:-^¦•-¦t&z^ < s
tunate, as we are enabled to sell W r :-^^S I
these robes tor •;.'•¦.*'."' •*. •• — ¦¦• 28* •* •¦^^¦'S^w^^ -
Garments made up of the l ;M ! *W
same quality material as ours cost y - '"^|% r i. .^pK^i^^^fe-.
A glance at the robes fully J^" W
conveys their value. They are * '^^R^ : -^^K^^8^^
certainly as fine garments as any- % I^^K^^^SI^^''"
The illustration gives a fair iWM^^P^^i
idea of the robes, but you must ' l^l^^^^^^iS
see the garments to appreciate
their rich coloring and splendid /''M^^^^^^fe^^^pM
gift, the chest measurement is all • * ::: '-?M«ii^^P^'
that, is required in determining sketched from nte. j^g^^x >rx
the size »¦ - * • *
\--' -a* #1^/^ .-^ -^T. 1^ _ I Merchandise Orders
Mail orders filled for £V li/AA|li CO^J^iT^ In selecting a Chriitmaa
anything in men's or boys' • w/w/ m II H il H J^ £f §L'^M present where the siza of
clothing, furnishings or %~_J I JM W \W M^W H_If £vi) | 9 H the article is not known,
hats.:: Customers served ¦^¦"^ f W ? TF^ 9 V^ buy ono of our Morehaadh*
as well by mail as though *,'< ~ TTf— "^* - »***^ '^*JP~ Orders, issued for any
they bought lYpei'son. T40 MflPkCt StPCCt amount for any kind of goods
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRIPIERCES
GOLDEN
IliSCOVERV
"for the e _^
bloop,uver:ujmgs>
ROQS BROS.
Goods * in Leather
Suitable Holiday Gifts
CffO YOU KNOW ABOUT THE
MARK CROSS COMPANY OF
LONDON. THE WORLD'S
FOREMOST MAKER OF
LEATHER GOODS? : < :
WE- SELL THEIR SPECIALTIES IN
OUR LEATHER GOODS DEPARTMENT,
WHERE YOU WILL FIND MANY SUG-
GESTIONS FOR USEFUL HOLIDAY
GIFTS. : :i : : : :
SOLE LEATHER SUIT CASES
$5.00 to $30.00
ENGLISH OXFORD BAGS
$10.00 to $25.1)0
ALLIGATOR SKIN CLUB BAGS
$3.50 to $9.00
TRAVELERS' TOILET KITS
$3.50 to $16.00
MILITARY BRUSHES
Two in Leather Case
$350 to $550
KEARNY AT POST
Good-enough tea and coffee,
five and four kinds — Schilling's
Best — at fair prices ;. moncy-
back. • • .ALAMEDA, Dec. 15. — William Lans
ing; an actor, who played with Edwin
Booth, was conveyed from a , local
lodging-house to the County Infirmary
to-day. He is a sufferer from rheu
matism and his condition has reached
a critical stage. Lansing came here a
year ago from-London, where he was
forced to cancel a contract by reason
of his affliction.*- He has a daughter
on the vaudeville stage. Lansing' has
been cared for by a fraternal organi
zation with which he is affiliated.
Old Actor Is Helpless.
ley schools will give a concert to-morrow
afternoon at 0 o'clock In the assembly 'hall
> of the Berkeley High School. The voices of
' pome .".00 children will Join in singing Chrls.t
i mas and other songs learned durlngi the last
! terra. The concert will t>e led by{ Mrs. L.
I V; Sweesy. It will be open to the parents
and friends of . the little songsters.
Mrs. Leon J. - Richardson will: give an "at
home" to-morrow afternoon, when Miss. Wal
ton of Los Angeles, who Is visiting the Ricn
ardsons. will ¦ be the* guest 6f ¦¦ honor. • .
! The diversion of the Town and Gown Club
i yesterday afternoon was . the presentation of
I the farce '"Pride and Prejudice." . The parts
: were sustained by the following- named ladles:
: Lady/Ann Hathaway.' Mrs. B. V. Hathaway;
1 Mme. Mallbran, .Mrs. J. M. Pierce; Miss
Clarlndn. Montressor. " Mrs. G. .. H. Heilbron;
Mrs. Claumurray. Mrs. Carrie Jones; ¦ Miss
Charlotte Brougham. Miss J. W. Calkins;
Mts* \Vllhelmlna .Plumtree. Mrs. O.iR,
Greenleaf: Mrs. Mild ways. Mrs. .Helen 'Wood
worth: Mrs. Gwendolyn Spencer. • Mrs. -Victor
Robertson; Miss Crescendo. . Miss Maud Wei
lendorff. The prologue was \ spoken by . Mrs
William ' Seabury ' and Mrs. G. - H. Heilbron
w^as the chairman a.r «h» <<•»
Though never grudging a hard day's
work where duty demands it, there are
many ways by which we can lighten
labor and make our work less tiresome.
For Instance, when a big ironing has
got tb be done what a comfort and
relief it is to the feet to use a cushion
to stand cm during the doing of it. It
can be made from an old quilt folded
and covered by a piece of carpet. Until
It has been tried no one can believe
the rest it is to tired feet:— New York
Commercial-Advertiser.
Lighten Labor When You Can.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — There has been
no change in the condition of City
Councilman George Fitzgerald, who is
seriously 111 from typhoid pneumonia.
Dr. D. D. Crowley, the attending phy
sician, does not feel alarmed concern
ing his patient. - '
Fitzgerald's Condition.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— Musical num
bers by the Fiske Jubilee Singers, mov
ing pictures and a number of athletic
events will complete the programme ot
the annual Neu Years reception of the
Young: Men's Christian Association.
The younger members of the Associa
tion will have their celebration on
Christmas morning, and will be permit
ted to invite their friends.
Will Celebrate Holiday Season.
OAK"LAND, Dec. 15.— The Iron
Trades Council of the Central Labor
body was organized in Kohler & Chase
Hall last night and John Martin of the
Iron, Steel and Tin Workers' Union
was elected president.
Officers for the ensuing term were
nominated by the Laundry Workers'
Union last night and the election will
be held on the evening of December 2S.
The union will give a dance on New
Year's eve in Foresters' Hall.
The San Francisco locals of the
Teamsters' Union are dissatisfied be
cause the international officers, Frank
Markey and Albert Young, have in
formed them that unless they obey the
constitution in regard to issuing and
accepting transfer cards, their char
ters will be revoked. The matter will
be taken up at the next convention.
IRON TRADES COUNCIL- >?-
ORGANIZED IN OAKLAND
LJVERMORE, Dec. 5. — Edward
Donohue, a well-known farmer of this
neighborhood, was to-day held to an
swer before the Superior Court for as
sault with a deadly weapon upon
Charles O'Brien, a farmhand in his
employ. Donohue accused O'Brien of
stealing hay from him and marched
him into Livermore at the muzzle of
a shotgun and turned him over to the
authorities. O'Brien then had Dono
hue arrested for assault with a deadly
weapon and Donohue retaliated by
having O'Brien arrested for vagrancy.
The feud between the two has been a
source of much interest in this neigh
borhood.
Must Answer Charge.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Albert Harms
27. and Kate Flanagen, . 34. both of
Oakland; William H. Dickinson, 20,
San Leandro. and Louise Anderson, 18.
Los Gatos; Simeas Correa de Mello.
27. Mendocino City, and" Francisco
Oliveria. 19. Centerville; George A.
Bens. 38. and Amelia King, both of
San Francisco; Edward J. Aspe, 31.
&r.d Petra Nerem, 24. both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
The bureau will recommend that fire
patrols be established and fire lines be
constructed; that those ports of lands
covered with young reproduction be
fenced in so as to keep out the cattle;
and that considerable tree planting be
done, chiefly of Western yellow pine.
. The plan will be accompanied by a
map showing the location of forest
types, proposed fire, lines, areas to be
planted, etc. — Bureau of Forestry Bul
letin. .;•;;:. ,
A party of foresters from the Bureau
of Forestry, under the .direction of-A.
F. Hawes, has been employed all sum
mer on the William H. Bartlett ranch
in Colfax County, New Mexico. The
field work has been completed and a
system of administration" for the lands
is now in preparation.
The Bartlett tract lies at the south
ern extremity of the Rocky Mountains
in the Varmejo River Valley and in
cludes ¦- 210,000 acres, part of an old
Mexican land grant. The owner of the
tract, who resides in Chicago, uses It
in part as a .cattle ranch and summer
residence.
The former owners of. the ranch re
tain the right to cut the timber for a
definite period of years and it ¦ is
Mr. Bartletfs desire that a young
forest of the best possible quality
cover the tract when these cuttings
shall have ceased. Much of the pine
land has , already been lumbered,
though in moBt parts a sufficient num
ber of seed trees remain to insure re
production. About fifty years ago ex
tensive fires swept over the mountain
ous parts of the tract which were then
covered- wit h 'a mixture of spruce and
fir. These burned areas have since
grown up ,to a dense stand of aspen
under which, in most cases, there, is a
good reproduction of the j native coni
fers.
agement.
Timber Lands on Big Cattle Ranch to
Be Put Under Man-
FORESTRY WORK
IX NEW 3IEXICO
It was stated .that more than 120
trains pass the Sixteenth-street depot
daily, making the rapid handling of
freight impossible with the present fa
cilities.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— Hearing of
the suit for the condemnation of land
for a large freight depot in West Oak
land to be" built by the Southern Pa
cific was partly heard before Judge
Ogden to-day. The railroad has se
cured a lot of land in West Oakland,
but property that must be secured
that the Ian may be consummated is
held by Gretchen Feldman and others,
which the railroad now seeks to con
demn. . V
W. H. Parrish, president of • the
Draymen's Union; Edwin Stearns, sec
rotary of the Board of Trade, and G.
T. Forsyth, general freight agent of
the* western division, testified to the
needs of a freight depot separate from
the passenger depot.
Suit of the Southern • Pacific Com
pany Is Based on Need of
Better Facilities. •
WOULD CONDEMN LAND
FOR FREIGHT DEPOT
Total Attendance Ntinibcred More
Than 5000 and Fiftj-Tln-ec Signed
as Missionaries.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— The Interde
nominational Missionary Conferenc---
Jun concluded at the First Presbyte
rian Churcn was a greater success than
the promoters dared to hope for.
In the flrat place, fifty-three volun
teer missionaries offered their services
as a <iireci result of the conference.
The reg£t*;ed attendance was 2450,
fend the total attendance * was about
£3 2?; .-, . ¦'"". -'"
The total expense of the great con
ference was less than $300.
GREAT MISSIONARY
COXFKR i:\CE A SUCCESS
Young Men's Christian Association
Must Mnke Up a Loss of
Nearly $300. '
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— Owing to the
indifference of the public of this city to
the best cdncerts given in. Oakland dur
ing the year, the management of the
festival concerts given at the Macdon
ough Theater in November is confront
ed with a deficit of $2S7 30, after paying
all expenses. • *
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion, for th«» benefit of which the con
certs were given, will have to make up
the deficit out of the funds in the
treasury.
Following is the statement Issued by
those In charge of the concerts:
Receipts — Sale of music, $115 50; sou
venir programmes, $49; sale of tickets,
$1116 75. Total. $1281. 25.
Disbursements — Music, $204 30; print
ing, $228 75; platform for stage, $114 85;
theater, $200: orchestra. $363; soloists.
$100; accompanist, $50; advertising and
postage, $155 60; extra help, $49; inci
dentals, $33 05; chairs, $10. Total,
$156S 55. V \
FESTIVAL CONCERTS *
/ RESULT IX DEFICIT
"Comrade Hoguet had been promised
assistance by members of the G. A. R.
who resided on this side of the bay,
Henry ,C. Wells, the only remaining
charter. member of Lyon Post, gave the
early history of the post. After a short
recapitulation of the early attempts to
organize a Grand Army post In this
city and telling of the difficulties of
the wc-rk Mr. Wells said:
"Now as to Lyon Post. On the fifth
of November, 1878, Past Post Com
mander George '.TV. Hogue.t wrote a let
ter to Comrade J. J. Lyon, who was
then post commander of Lincoln Post
of San Francisco, asking for informa
tion in regard to Joining his post. ¦ On
receipt of his letter, it waV turned
over to the department commander, S.
P. Ford, who wrote Comrade • Hoguet
several letters.
NO AID WAS GIV'E-N.
"We are especially glad to see so
many of the Sons of Veterans with us
this evening, for it is to them, many
of them our own sons, that we must
look for the continuation of the work
of the Grand Army after the last old
soldier has passed to his final rest. We
welcome them as the ones upon whom
the mantle of bur great organization
must fall after we have passed away."
After the address of the post com
mander Miss Susie Gladding sang
"Tenting To-night on the Old Camp
ground," the chorus being sung by all
present.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— The twenty
fifth anniversary of the organization
of Lyon Post No. 8, Grand Army of
the Republic. 'which was celebrated this
evening at .Grand Army Hall, Eleventh
and Clay streets, was attended by rep
resentatives of every military organ
ization on this side of the bay, as well
as a large number of members of the
G. A. R. from San Francisco, among
whom were General W. R. Shatter, de
partment commander of the Depart
ment of California and Nevada; Col
onel H. C. Dibble, Colonel Andrew
Hollywood and H. S. Richardson.
The exorcises were opened with the
singing of the "Star Spangled Banner"
by Mrs. Blake Alverson, every one
present Joining in the cjiorus. After
the song Commander James Curry of
Lyon Post welcomed the guests and
members of the kindred organizations.
In part he said:
MUST LOOK TO SONS.
but hot one. of them aided in the least,
until the mustering In of the post at
Germania Hall, when about* twenty
members o£' Lincoln .Post came over
to assist, as promised. . *"
"At the first muster after the instal
lation we murtered five comrades, and
at the next six. In three months we
had fifty-six members. From that time
on to the present Lyon Post has been
recognized as one of the best posts in
the department."
Mr. Wells read a letter from Depart
ment Commander S. P. Ford offering
to issue a charter free to Lyon Post,
and also. containing the promise to pay
the expenses of a camp fire in order
to interest the veterans on this side of
the bay in the organization.
During the evening a picture of
Abraham Lincoln, framed In burl red
wood, was presented to Lyon Post by
the members of Colonel E. D. Baker
Camp No. 1, Sone of Veierans. On a
brass plate on the frame was the in
scriptions "Presented to Lyon Post No.
8, Grand Army of the Republic, on its
twenty-fifth anniversary by Colonel E.
D. Baker Camp No. 1, Sons of Vet
erans." The presentation speech' was
made by A. S. Ormsby, captain-elect
of Baker Camp.
TALENTED YOUNG VOCALIST WHO CONTRIBUTED. TO THE ENJOY
ABLE PROGRAMME AT THE TWENTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY
CELEBRATION OF LYON POST. G. A. R., OF OAKLAND.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— The fifteenth
degree was conferred upon the follow
ing candidates last night by Geth
semane Chanter No. 2. Knights of Rose
Croix, Ancient and Accepted Scottish
Rita: Ray Black, Harry R. Brown. J.
O. Gallagher, Alex Gautsch. Julius C.
Hammel, Herman C. Hermansen. Ed
mond H. James, Abraham Jonas, Na
thaniel E. McDonald. William H. Phil
lips, Samuel- J. Platt, Aubrey R.
Slaughter. William Clay Smith, Her
bert G. Shaw and Lester Clay Me-
Nulty.
The degree was conferred by the
staff of the chapter, at the Scottish
Rite Cathedral on Fourteenth and Har
rison streets. On next Saturday even
ing the same staff will confer the fif
teenth degree upon a class of candi
dates for Palestine Chapter No. 6 of
Sacramento. The members of the staff
of Gethsemane Chapter are: F. H.
O'Donnell, wise master; T. I. Miller,
grand master of cavalry; Eugene Van
Court, grand master of Infantry; J. L.
Robinson, high priest: Fred Crouse.
scribe; C. H. Miller, grand master of
chancery; C. L. Marals, grand chancel
lor of the treasury; L. L. Nelson, Ze
rubbabel; H. H. Haight #ind J. G. Ra
phael, stewards; E. B. Smith, captain of
the guard of the palace; H. W. Adams,
captain of guards of the temple, -with
the following as^, guards: I. Griffith,
B. Dalerup, J. A. Hill, P. Du Bois, I.
V. Ralph and F. K. Lea; captain of
the guards of the court of Cyrus, F. V.
Keesling; guards, C. K. Smith. W. A.
Clark. J. L. Nleld, J. McCully, W. B.
Logan and A. G. Rhodes.
Gcthsemane Chapter No. 2, Scottish
Rite Masons, Holds Impressive
Ceremonies at Cathedral.
degree: conferred upon
fifteen candidates
Marius J. Splnello of the department of ro
mantic languages. Is the author of two trans
lations of stories by E. Perez Galdos the
Spanish author, and Giovanni Verga. the Itai
ian writer, which were recently published The
title of the Italian story Js '•The Christmas Le
gend of the Tezia Castle." and the Spanish
story, "The Mule and the Ox."
Professor H. Mcrst Stephens, director of uni
versity extension, will deliver the first or a
series of lecture* on the French Revolution
to-morrow night In the Mechanics' Pavilion In
San Francisco. His subject will be "Vergl
naud, the Orator of the Glrondlns."
BERKELEY. Dec. 15.— Librarian Rowell has
been informed by the State Librarian that the
circulating, system of the State Library, which
was authorized by the last' Legislature, may
now be made use of. Through this system the
students of the university will be largely
profited, a* the State Library will supply an7
books that tne university library does not con
tain. It Is intended that only books that can
be duplicated will be used in this new system,
not books that could not be replaced If lost.
The Christmas vacation will begin after
next Saturday, when the last examinations will
be held. It will last until January 4. A great
many students have already left town, having
passed their examinations, and it is estimated
that during the holidays the population of
Berkeley will be decreased by 2CCO.
The annual meeting of the Cordilleran sec
tion of the Geological. Society of America,
which will be held in South Hall on January 1
and 2. will be addressed by a number of well
known men. Professor "Andrew Lawson will
read a paper on the "Geomornhogeny of the
Upper Kern Basin" : Professor John C. Merrlam
will discuss '-The Fauna of the Lower Miocene
of California"; Vance Osmont a paper on "A
Cross Section of the Coast Ranges of Califor
nia in the Vicinity of Bit St. Helena." br
qtdes which there will be papers by Professor
TV. S. Tangier Smith, Professor W. G. Tight
and F. M. Anderacn.
BERKELEY, Dec. 15. — Neither
President Wheeler nor the members
of the committee having in charge the
arrangements for an exhibit of the
works of the University of California
have received any reply from tne of
ficials of the St. Louis World's Exposi
tion in regard to the application for
more space in the N Educational build
ing.
Failing to receive a reply to the
telegram of inquiry sent ten days ago,
President Wheeler sent another tele
gram yesterday to ask what disposi
tion was intended of the university's
previous application, but up to a late
hour to-night no word had been re
ceived from St. Louis.
President Wheeler and the members
of the committee, are puzzled at the
silence of the exposition* officials and
do not know whether ,it' means that
they intend to ignore California's re
quest altogether or are really waiting
until a suitable space is found before
replying. At any rate the delay is
disconcerting and if it goes on much
longer it may be necessary to give up
the idea of a university exhibit entire
ly. The time in which a collection
could be gathered is now rather short
and the delay that has already been
sustained will make necessary com
plete, rearrangement of the plans the
committee had already tentatively
adopted.
Professor E. J. "Wickson, chairman
of the university's committee, says
that the university ought to have at
least twice the space allotted .to any
high school on account of its immense
importance. If this is not given he
thinks it will be useless to attempt to
make a showing.
Time for Making Exhibit Growing
Short and the Project May
Have to Be Abandoned.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
FAIR OFFICIALS FAIL
TO ANSWER UNIVERSITY*
BERKELEY. Dec. • 15.— The children of
the fifth and i=lxtb grades of th* L» Conte,
Hillside. Rose-street. Whlttler -and McKin-
Mr. and Mrs. Atwell C. V.'ebb- departed to
day for Eureka, whare. they will reside in
future. . ' ¦ . <
ALAMEDA. Dec. *15. — Luncheon was ten
dered' the member* of the graduating class
of the Alameda High School by the low
seniors at noon to-day. Stephen Otis, pres
ident* oT "the June" class" of *W. officiated as
master of ¦ ceremonies. Among those who
responded to toasts were: Lewis Durkee.
president of 'the graduating class: Professor
Ellia. Kdward Allen. Professor .- Wright. Pro
fessor Minium. Miss Haworth 'and Profeasor
Herford. * - ' -
llrs. H. N. Bothxon of Adeline street enter
tained a number of tha young friends of her
daughter.- Mire Louise, last Saturday, the occa
sion beir.g the young lady's birthday. The
diversion for the evening was hearts, after e»v
eral game* of which supper was served. The
gu»>st* were MIm Helen Dprnln. Miss, Hazel
Knowl**, Miss Dorothy v Baabe. Miss Luclll«
Sho»craft. Mis* Llzette White. Miss Eve
Bounemont. I Miss Suzar.nf Houriet. Miss Sadia
Samuel. Francis Bradley. Josenh Kendall, Ous
tav.e patton. Lloyd Hughe*, George Kerr, Roy
Hutchlns.'Channlng Hall.^Luke Codeford, ChaN
tee Half and Earl Ba'.tie. -.-.....
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred J. will re
turn to California fromNew York during the
prf*ent month and become the. guests of Mr'
unil Mrs. J. W. Vore of 2130 Eesex street'
South B#rk*liy. Mr. V.'aterhoUse is; the well
known rew^paper man and poef. He Is a mem
ber of the irtaff of the New York Times, and in
addition to writing for that paper has been at
work on s novel.
TheMrlends of Cecil Rowley of 1007 Alcatraz
aver.u* tendered him a surprise > party lait
Tnrrsday evening. The. time was passed in
playing- games and dancing, and late In the
evening refreshments were serwd. The guests
were Ella Carlson. Alice Rowley, Helen Spul
lar. Francrs Welch. Leona Oberg. Willie Carl
son, Walter Graff. Dick* Rowley and Frank
Gu-Haiscn.
Miss Winifred Martlck. daughter of Mr. anl
Mr*. George H. ljasti«k, is «'xiK>ctea to arnv<
home in a few days from the Catsklll Moun
tains, in New York, where the passed several
month* with relatives. .
Alameda- Council of the Royal Arcanum will
enttrte.in Thursday evening in Encinal Hall
Among tr-.ose who will participate In the pro
grtsicie are the Golden Gate quartet Messr* -
Kraitk Onslow. E. A. Thornton. J p. <j e Teller
Harry L.. Perry; Miss Lulu Leonard, Miss Mil*
lie Klyoa, MIfs Judd, Rev. Frank t5i»encer
Brush an-J Js. Nelson.
BERKELEY. Dec. 15.— The Ultra Club, an
association of young society people, will give
a Christmas dance on Friday evening at the
Town and Gown Club. The offtcers of the club
art: " President. Wight Lassell; vice president.'
M:ss.Artd3 Wych"fT: secretary. Herman I filler •
treasurer «nd manager. 'William Turnen
Alameda Chapter No. 70. Royal Arch Ma«ons
has elected tne following officers: High priest
Peter Christ rnstn; king, A. C. Paulemyei '
•i-rlbe. Ueorfeo jjturtevant; treasurer, H *W
Martin; secretary, Oswald Lubbock; trustee"
,h AL^ ME f >A - I**- «— Miss Kdythe Crosett.
the elocutionist, will leave early next montl
for- 8 visit to the Hawaiian Islands She wl'i
spend lour months there with friend*
Chief K. K. Krauth of the Kire Department
refuin^d to-aay nom bis annual vauation ut
sixtetn days, which he passed In Southern
California.
The Monday Afternoon Sewing Club held on
. i2f «"5«-nidl meetings yesterday at the home
of Miss Marietta Havens. Those present were-
Mrs. Ueach S»ule, the Misses Jane and Fth» ;
Crellin. th» Misses Alice and Ruth Knowl"!'
Min Viva Nicholson. Miss Uessj,. PalmVf '
Mi« Jane Rawling?. Miss Edith Selbv ami
Mi5» Ethel Valentine. J and
The Monday Afternoon •500 1 Club was en
tertained by Mrs. Frederick Morse venerdav
among her guests being Mrs. John Clav Hamp
ton, who has just returned from an extended
visit Last. The others present were-
Mrs. Albert A. Long. \Mrs. Frederick W.
Morse. Miss Bertha Young. Mrs. James Tv
fon. Mrs. Joseph Loran Prase Mrs George
E. Gross. Mrs. William Gago and Miss Lang
worthrof San Franci«co; Mr?. Wickham Ha
"»»•„ M .™ -J? • -V Procter, the Misses Carrie
and Belle ..icholson and Mrs Henry Rosen
feld. •
The sum of $275 was realized at the calendar
tea yesterday at the home of Mrs. Remi Cha
bot. The ladies of the Fablola Hospital Asso
ciation are well pleased with thr| r success Tor
which they all worked indefatigably. Mrs
John Yule is president of the association and
Its steady growth . is due mainly to her in-
Fistent and ceaseless interest in the now well
known charity.
• • •
Mrs. Louise Tenant gave an exhibit of
china painting this afternoon at her home. »GM
Madison street, that was greatly appreciated
by a fortunate few. Mrs. TV? nnen't is unusually
clever with the brush and besides a beautiful
display of decorated china there were «ev^ral
miniature canvases that excited much admir
ing comment. Mrs. Tennent belongs to a
talented family, brlag a sitter of Mrs. W. S.
Palmer, who has acquired some reputation as
a writer.
Mrs. C. D. Gilman waa hostess yesterday at
the regular meeting of the Piedmont Whist
Club. The prize was won by Mrs. Harry
Thomas. Among three who enjoyed the after
noon were: Mrs. George Sterling. Mrs Wil
liam R. Sharon. Mrs. Charles Gilman Mrs.
I-dward Engs. Mrs. H. C. Mygatt Mrs. ' Wick
ham Havens. Mrs. Florence Wins Mrs Henry
Kratnober. Mrs. J. T. \V. Randall' Mrs Henry
C. Capwcll. Mrs. Harr>' Thomas Mm. William
Maxwell. Mr*. House. Mrs. Samuel -M. Gilman
and Mrs. J. B. ¦ Richardson
One of the Monday afternoon whist clubs
wae entertained by Mre. T. Arthur Crellin yes
terday. Much to the delight of the other mem
berg, the hostess made tne highest score and
was awarded the j>rize.
The club members are: Mrs. James G Al
len, Mrs. Horry Meek. Mrs. Robert L. Knisht.
Mrs. M. \\. Kales. Mrs. Arthur Crellin. Mrs.
John L. Howard. Mrs. Charles Bliss, Mrs. Lil
lian Brown Kverts. Mrs. Andrew Motsley Mrs.
Egbert Sti.ne, Mrs. Minor Goodall. Miss Har
riet Hall. Mrs. Kdson F. Adams. Mrs. Albert
M. Suttcn. Mrs. Harry Adam* Mrs. Hayward
G. Thomas. Mrs. Frederick M. Hathaway and
Mrs. F. M. Burnham. ' •
No date has b?en set for the wedding, but it
Will probably be one of the early events of the
new yfai. It will be a very quiet affair.
Mr. Dunsmcor until recently was identified
w!th the business interests of Oakland, but is
now in Xapa. where he holds an excellent posi
tion with Uoodman & Co.'s bank. He is a
eon of C. H. Dunsmcor of thin city and *
brother of Has Grace Dunsmoor, now Mrs.
Alfred Hare.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— Miss Xettie Stevens
and Charles Dunsmcor, two of the most popular
young people in Oakland, have at last con
tented to allow their engagement to be an
nounced. That there was an affair du coeur
in progress has long- been suspected by many
of their friend*, much to the delieht of every
unt interested, as both Miss Stevens and her
fiance are great favorites in their set. Miss
Stevens is a very charming girl and accom
plished as well. She :s a graduate of a high
school in San Krancisco, her former home,
where her ftther. H. J. \V. Stevens, was a
prominent buslnc-ss man.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The "Birds' Christm?.? Carol." by
Kate Douglas Wiggin, was dramatized
by Miss Elizabeth Gray, the talented
e!ster of Ebells president.
The choral section, which includes
twenty Ebell members, was heard in
two very pleasing numbers, "The
Bridal of the Birds," by Richards, and
a luJlaby by Brahms. Robert Lloyd is
director of the choral section and the
work of the ladies to-day showed a
marked improvement.
At the close of the programme tea
was served. Among those who assisted
in receiving were Mrs. James Allen,
Mrs. Harmon Bell, Miss Alma Bro\vn :
Miss Florinne Brown, Mrs. Kr.te Bulk
ley. Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mrs. E. J. Cot
ton, Miss Evelyn Craig. Mis? Mona
Crellin. Mrs. Gilbert Curtis, Mrs. -Wil
liam R. Davis, Mrs. Merritt Day, Mrs.
Guy Ear!. Mrs. Englehardt, Miss Eliza
beth Gray. Mrs. George, Hammer, Mrs.
J. G. Hoyt, Mrs. Wickham Havens,
Mrs. B. S. Hubbard, Mrs. James Jenks,
Mrs. Richard Lyman, Sirs. Gforge L.
King. Mrs. Francis Musser. Mrs. War
ren Oiney. Mrs. Elizabeth Packard,
Mjes Maud Pope. Mrs. Resses'Jie. Mrs.
Charles RodoJrh. Mrs. Prentiss Seiby.
Mrs. J. R. Scupham, Mrs. L. Tasheira,
Mrs. Reese Thompson, Mrs. William P.
Todd. Mrs. Hamilton Todd, Mrs. Henry
Wads-vorth, Mrs. F. C. Watson, Mrs.
W. V. Witeher and Mrs. W. C Worden.
Mrs. L. F. Cockroft presided. Miss
Mabel Thayer Gray, the president, be
ing absent in the East. A very enjoy
able programme was presented under
the direction of Mrs. M. F. Jordan.
Miss Maria Babson, a charter member,
gave a short reminiscent talk on the
club's inception and growth that was
full of interest. Robert Lloyd followed
with two barytone soles, the prologue
from "I'Pagliacci" . and "Absent," by
Metcalf, that were much enjoyed, both
Bongs being admirably suited to his
rich, sympathetic voice. In response
to an enthusiastic encore he was com
pelled 10 repeat his second number.
The R-jggles family, which made
euch a hit ai the recent Kmg's Daugh
ters' entertainment, renewed their tri
umphs this afternoon it Ebell. The
two scones from "The Birds' Christmas
Carol," in which Mrs. Kuggles receives
the invitation to dinner and gives her
nine children a "lesson in manners,"
was repeated by Miss Mae Sadler (Mrs.
Ruggles) and the clever young people
uho assisted as the "family." Mies
Sadler filled a difficult part most ad
mirably and the very natural '"yduns;
eters" could not have been improved
upon. The cast was as foilows:
Sarah Maud, Ruth Woodbury; Peter,
Jack Britton; Susan, Delight Wood
bury; Kitty, Ramona Radcliffe; Peoria,
Thoda Cockroft; Cornelius Charles
Bowersmlth ; Eily, Evelyn Vcsburgh;
Clement, Lewis de Wald, and Larry,
Lc-s!ie Jackson.
Ebell's pretty clubroom was taxed to
its utmost capacity this afternoon dur
ing the reception in honor of the club*
twenty-seventh anniversary.
i Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 15.
Jump states that he has attempted to
gain possession of the children but has
met with positive refusals from Mrs.
Kelenberger, who says she will hold
them until he pays the money due her.
He finally appealed to the court and
will doubtless win his point, as children
Have long been held not to be collateral
security.
In a petition for a writ of habeas
corpus filed late this evening Charles
Jump makes the allegation that Mrs.
Ada Kelenberger Is holding two of his
babies, Letha and Elmer, as security
for a note now due and she refuses to
give them up unless the money is paid.
The writ was issued and given the
Sheriff to serve upon Mrs. Kelenberger,
who is cited to bring the children into
court Thursday morning at 10 o'clock
and show the court what right she has
to hold them.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 15.
Since the conviction of the Ross wo
man Mrs. Williams has interested her
self in the young son and to-day re
ceived a letter from the murderess re
questing her to call at the County Jail
and also to come fortified with recom
mendations showing she is able to
provide for the care of the lad.
Mclnerny visited Justice of the Peace
F. S. Cone this afternoon and asked
the magistrate for letters vouching for
the responsibility of himself and his
sister to furnish the Ross boy with a
comfortable home and give him kind
treatment. Justice Cone referred the
petitioner to Superior Judge John Ells
worth. Mclnerny is an old-time resi-'
dent of Alameda and is engaged in the
business of distributing bills. Some
years ago he obtained possession of a
boy 11 years of age and because it was
alleged that he treated the lad harshly
and failed to supply him with the ncc- (
essaries of life the little fellow was
taken from him at the instance of a
local society and placed in St. Vincent's,
Orphan Asylum at San Rafael.
ALAMEDA,- Dec. 15.— Angus Mclner
ny and his sister, Mrs. R. M. Williams,
both of this city, are seeking the guar
dianship of the 10-year-old son of. the
murderess, Annie Ross, -who is now in
the County Jail awaiting removal to
San Quentin, where she has been sen
tenced to pass the remainder of her
days.
Frank Avery, a lumber tallyman for
the Southern Pacific Company, was
killed at 5:30 this afternoon at First
and Cedar streets by either the Ala
meda local train or a switch engine.
Avery was .. on his way home from
work and was crossing the First-street
railroad tracks when he was struck.
Railroad men found Avery dying by
the tracks. He was removed to the
receiving hospital, but died on the way.
His body was taken to the,morgue.
Two minutes before the accident oc
curred Avery had left a group of fel
low employes near the machine shops
at the West Oakland railroad yards
and had started to cross the tracks at
Cedar street, on his way out of the
yards. The railroad people were not
sure whether the train or a switch en
gine had hit Avery.
Examination showed that Avery's
skull had been fractured, his right arm
and right leg broken and his right
hand severed at the wrist.' There were
also internal injuries.
Avery has been in the railroad's em
ploy for twenty years. He was about
55 years old. His wife and two children
are in Seattle. A son is in the law
department of the Northern Pacific
Railroad in that city. A brother, A.
W. Avery, is a Southern Pacific Com
pany passenger conductor. The dead
man resided at 726 Fifteenth street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
;U 1118 Broadway, Dec. 15.
Plucky little Laura Jorgcnsen, \Z
years old. compelled two burly tramps
to surrender the money they tad stolen
from the till in Mrs. William Ma3on s
bakery at 5867 San Pablo avenue this
morning.
The girl, who Is employed in the shop,
came upon the unwelcome callers just
as they had grabbed the contents of
the money drawer. With a coolness
and presence of mind that would have
done credit to much older heads the
child demanded that the thieves yield
their plunder. Miss Jorgerwen ran to
the front door, blocked the way out
and repeated her orders.
So unexpected was the firm jttand of
the youthful shopkeeper that it took
the pair off their guard and they sim
ply surrendered to the show of moral
if not superior physical force.
With an oath one of the men who
had the money* dropped a bunch of
small coins he had in his hands back
Into the till and then the child stepped
aside, allowing the thieves to depart.
Telling the story of her adventure
the little miss said:
"Two men came in the store at 7:30
o'clock this morning, shortly after we
had opened. They asked for a loaf of
bread. "While they were talking about
the price I was called out of the store
by a telephone ring. When I got back
I saw the men at the till and one of
them had his hands full of money. I
ran out to the door and ordered them
to put the money back.
" 'If you don't I shall have you ar
rested.' I said to them.
"One said, 'I guess you had better
put It back. Bill,' and then he did.
As soon as that was Clone the men
ran away. as fast as they could. They
got only a dollar."
The police were notified, but no trace
of the thieves was found. Little Miss
Jorgensen resides with her father,
Christian Jorgensen, at 1173 Twenty
third avenue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 15.
Writes Note to Petitioners Re
questing Them to Bring
Letters of Recommendation
Miss Maria Babson Talks of
Inception and. the Early
Struggles of the Organization
Struck by Switch Engine or
Alameda Train at Crossing
Out of the. Railroad Yards
Father Says Woman in the
Case Demands That He Re
deem Note fo Get Offspring
Girl of Twelve Years Act*
Part of Heroine and. Saves
Money of Her Employer
MOTHER ASKS REFERENCES
MANY MEMBERS PRESENT
WANTS 3I0NEY DUE HER
DIES GOING TO HOSPITAL
BRAVELY BLOCKS DOORWAY
Charles Jump Asks Court to
Get His Children Now With
held by 3Irs. Kelenberger
Prominent Women's Club of
Oakland Celebrates Twenty-
Seventh Year of Existence
Alameda Man and His Sister
Seek the Care of the Ten-
Year-Old Son of Annie Ross
Brace of Bnrly Till - Tappers
Forced to Yield Coin They
Had Grabbed From a Drawer
Frank Avery, Southern Pacific
Employe, Is Badly Mangled
on First Street Tracks
ANNIVERSARY
OF THE EBELL
WANT THE SON
OF MURDERESS
HOLDS BIDES
AS HOSTAGES
KILLED WHILE
ON WAY HOME
PLUCKY CHILD
BALKS THIEVES
LYON POST CELEBRATES
BIG EVENT IN CAREER
Passes Quarter-of-a-Century Mark and Distinguished
Veterans Dwell Upon the Early Struggles of the
Association in Efforts to Firmly Establish Itself
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16," 1903.
Arrange. to Take Up Pure Food 'Bill.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The
House Committee on ¦; Interstate and
Foreign ' Commerce to-day decided to
take up the pure food bill at the first
meeting "after the holidays.
Sin is not cured by calling it names. -
Mrs. Pierce Gets Allowance.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — An order was
made by Judge Hall to-day granting
the widow of the late Orestes Pierce
a monthly allowance of $750 from de
cedent's estate pending the" final set
tlement, of the probate . proceedings.
The estate is valued at about $750,000.
4
The most distinguished and
sumptuous paper. of the Tnletlde.
Xts brilliant pajres contain contri-
butions from many leading 1 writers
of the day, and the strikingly
characteristic work of its ; staff
contributors will make it a truly
delightful and interesting* paper.
..With this issue will be present-
ed, ..absolutely, "free of charge,
"Decorating . for ' the ' yarty,''. that
charminir picture by Bryson. "Bec-
oratlnsr for tha Party" is another
of the popular . Gold . Series, and,
like its companion pieces. "Se-
dorah," "Admiration" and "At the
Opera," will adorn tha walls of
many of the: homes of the Great
West. ¦ .¦¦ .¦ ¦ ¦¦- ¦ : ' ' •
Newsdealers and affents will do
well to order early, as the supply
is limited.
Place Your Orders Now
I / I
Eczema, Salt Rheum. Pimples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Skin Diseases
Taro Phreiciaas Bcti Agree oa the ITew
Scientific Saadruff Treatment.
Dr. J. M. Pcm-ell of Spokane. Wash..
*ays: "Herploide has given good satis-
faction in my family for dandruff"
l>r. \V. G. Alban of Walla Walla
V.Tsh.. says: "I find HerpJcide all that
is claimed for 5t as a dandruff cure I
rl;all prescribe iL" Dandruff is a germ
S«M aid you can't cure it unless you
kill the dandruff perm and you can't do
that .unless you use N'ewbros Herpicide.
th* only preparation in the world that
dc«trovs the parasites. A d*U*htful hair
<!r<^s=inF: allays itching- instantly; makes
hair dossy and soft as silk. It is a sure
dandruff destroyer. Sold by leading drue-
rists Sf-n.l 10c. in stamps for sample to
Tbe Herpicjde Co.. Detroit. Mich.
THE DOCTORS AGKSS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CHRISTMAS CALL,
A NUMBER OF SURPASS-
ING ATTRACTIVENESS,
WILL BE ISSUED NEXT
. SUNDAY, DECEM-
BER 20.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
Fhs Rind You Have Always" Bought
Signature of G£z&ffi&£&tt
For laknts and Chilurei
Hydrozone Is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see .that
every bottle bears my signature.
Tricvl Size, 23 Cents.
At Druggists or by mail, from.
FREE /Booklet •¦ th« rational tnmt.NEW YORK. Dec. 15. — The United
States first class battleship Maine,
which left Colon. December 9, reached
this port to-night. She comes here to
repair her engines.
Return of Battleship 3 In Inc. —
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Albert F.
Hennig against Bertha Hennlg, who
he accuses of cruelty in that she de
stroyed his peace of mind by going'
about with other men. He also asks
for the custody of their minor- chil
dren.
Says Wife Is Too Gay.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— The force of
the cold wave is broken In the North
west. A general rise in temperature
was reported to-day, with a forecast
of 12 above a3 the maximum for Chi
cago to-night."
End of the Cold Wave.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — The will of
the late Margaret Mcllwaine was filed
for probate to-day. She is the widow
of the late Joseph Mcllwaine, who
died a few months ago. Her estate is
valued, at $1100. The petition says
that J. H. Gillett refuses to act as ad
ministrator of the' estate and asks
that J. M. Lewis be appointed.
Mrs. Mcllwaine's W1U Filed.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 15. — E. E.
Baird, an agent from the State of
Colorado, called upon Governor Par
dee to-day for the purpose of secur
ing a requisition for the return of
John E. Chandler to that State.
Chandler is at present under arrest
in Los Angeles. He is charged with
the crime of conspiracy to commit
arson.
Chandler, it appears, was a prom
inent figure in the labor troubles in
Colorado. He was the secretary of
a labor union at Idaho Springs, Clear
Creek County, Colo., and it is alleged
that as the secretary he appointed a
committee of twelve or more mem
bers of the union to burn down the
buildings of a mining company. At
torney F. H. Thompson of Los An
geles is here in the interest of Chand
ler to try and keep him from being
Governor Pardee Hears a Request for
the Extradition of John Chand
ler, Accused of Conspiracy.
AGENT FROM COLORADO
ASKS FOR A PRISONER
Shoots Himself When State Examiner
Takes Ills Books and Commences
an Examination.
NEW. HAVEN, Conn., Dec". 15. — Af
ter greeting a bank examiner, who
had come unannounced to examine
his accounts, Asa. C. Bushnell, cash
ier of the Yale National Bank in this
city, went into the basement of the
bank to-day and shot himself, death
ensuing soon afterward.
A statement given out by Edwin S.
Greely, nresident of the bank, this
afternoon said that the investigation
of the b'ooks indicated that the cash
ier was indebted to the bank for be
tween $12,000 and $15,000.
CASHIER OF NEW IIAVEX
BANK COMMITS SUICIDE
MADISON, Ind., Dec. 15. — The
family of Thomas McNutt, the Ore
gon land agent recently suspended by
Secretary Hitchcock, announced to
night that they had received a tele
gram announcing McNutt's reinstate
ment.
Suspended Land Agent Reinstated.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — Convicted of
operating an unlawful money-paying
slot machine, R. Maloon, employed
by George Edwards at a phonograph
parlor on Seventh street, near Broad
way, was fined $100 to-day by Police
Judge George Samuels.
Edwards' trial on a similar charge
is set for to-morrow. His Honor re
fused to suspend judgment in Ma
loon's case, as requested by Attorney
Fred Fry, who represents Maloon and
Edwards. The Judge Intimated that
a $100 fine would not be the limit
were the employer before him for
sentence.
An appeal will" be taken to the Su
perior Court in the case.
Police Judge George Samuels Refuses
to Suspend Judgment in the
. Case of R. Maloon.
SLOT MACHINE MAN
IS HEAVILY FINED
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — By formal
resolution the City Council has decid
ed to erect no more street lights dur
ing the current fiscal year. Enough
lights are now in operation to exhaust
the appropriation which was made in
the municipal budget and the Coun
cil has decided to keep within the
allotment of funds for street lighting.
Calls Halt oii Street Lighting.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 15.— Warrants
were issued yesterday by Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Beebe fc-T the arrest of
four of the street railway managers of
this city on the charge of violating
the city ordinance requiring the street
railways to sprinkle their right of way.
The four men for whom warrants were
issued are Howard E. Huntington. son
of H. E. Huntinston and assistant to
the Dresident of the Pacific Electric
Railway; John J. Akin, superintendent
of the Los Angeles Railway Company;
E. P. Clark, general manager of the
Los Anzeles Pacific Company, and S.
B. McLenagan, manager of the Los An
geles Traction Company.
The order to compel the street rail
ways to sprinkle their right of way.
BERKELEY, Dec. 15. — Miscreants
have destroyed a number of the trees
planted on Grove street on Arbor day
by the Town and Gown Club and the
authorities are on the lookout for the
persons implicated. The discovery
that the trees were missing w5s made
by A. D. Pryal, who was employed to
plant the trees for the Town and Gown
Club. The missing trees have been re
placed.
Miscreants Pull Up Trees.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 15.— Superior
Judge Trask has rendered a decision in
the casfe of the California Citrus Union
against three orange growers who had
signed contracts to- market their crop
through the union and then sought to
sell independent of the organization.
Judge Trask decides that individual
growers of citrus fruits who have
agreed to sell their products to the
California Citrus Union can repudiate
their contracts, which are held to be
practically void because the terms cf
agreement are not set forth fully.
Judge Trask, in rendering his decision,
laid down a principle relating to the
abuse of injunction proceedings and as
signs for part reason of denying plain
tiff's petitton that:
"Injunctions are not granted in cases
where pecuniary compensation would
afford adequate relief; nor to prevent
a breach of contract the performance
of which would not be specifically En
forced. In either of " these cases the
injured party Is left to his remedy at
law for damages."
FUTTER CREEK, Dec. 15.— For a
rr.onth past the labor subject has again
been rife in the mining towns of Ama
ior County. It will be remembered
that miners' unions were formed in the
different towns last April and a gen
eral Ftrike declared resulting in the
closing down of the mines for a period
Of three weeks. An agreement was
finally reached between the mine op
erators and employes in which the em
ployes were given a uniform day, the
DISCONTENT IX AMADOR.
Mine Strike Continues, But Soon May
Be Ended.
3Ianagers of Four Streetcar
Corporations in Los Angeles
Haled Into Police Court
Los Angeles Judge Renders
important . Decision Affect
ing- Contracts With a Union
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — An investiga
tion was begun this morning by the
Grand Jury into the vandalism in the
Recorder's office. Forty volumes of
old records have been so mutilated as
to need reblnding. The records con
tained in the books were not harmed,
but the binding was so cut that the
covers will tear off with very little
use.
This is the first session of the pres
ent Grand Jury which was impaneled
last week. In his Instructions to the
Jury judge Ellsworth referred to the
injury to the books and the alleged
altering of the assessment roll in fa
vor of the Contra Costa "Water Com
pany./ It is the purpose of the Grand
Jury to sift these matters to the bot
tom.
Will Sift Vandalism in Recorder's Of
fice and Look Into Alteration of
Assessment Rolls.
BERKELEY, Dec. 15. — The trial of
Sam Fisher, the West Berkeley saloon
keeper, charged with disturbing the
peace of E. E. Newton at the "rum
mage sale" of the Trinity Ladies' Aid
Society, was continued to-day by Jus
tice Edgar until to-morrow morning.
Fisher demanded a jury trial and a
postponement was necessary In order
to give Marshal Kerns time to secure a
panel of trial jurors.
Fisher Demands Jury Trial.
GRAND JURY BEGINS
ITS INVESTIGATIONS
GROWERS WIN
IN A LAWSUIT
CITY ARRESTS
RAILROAD MEN
which was based on the terms of their
franchises, was Issued by the City
Council some time ago, but has been
steadily ignored by the officials of the
roads. A week ago the city sprinklers
ceased to sprinkle the car tracks and
a visrorous protest has gone up from
the public over the consequent condi
tion of the streets. It was finally de
cided to test the matter in the courts
and the warrants followed. The rail
road officials deny the right of th©
Council to compel them to sprinkle the
streets and say they will fight the mat
ter to a finish.
Late to-day the four managers were
served with the documents and all ap
peared in Police Court. They wer©
given until next Saturday to plead.
The officials made no statements for'
publication, but it is certain that they
are preparing to fight the case.
Bid In by Speyers.
NETV YORK. Dec. 15. — The assets
of the Consolidated Lake Superior
Company, held by Speyer & Co. for a
loan of $5,050,000, were bought In at
public auction by Speyer & Co. to-day
for $4,500,000. Theirs was the only
bid. The sale was held in spite of
several protests by representatives of
other creditors.
NEW TORK. Dec. 13. — Th» condition of Sea
ator Clark of. Montana steadily improve*. > <
BERKELEY, Dec. 15.— The surveyors
have completed the preliminary sur
veys for. the new^plan^ that is to heat
the ' university buildings land , "work oh
the Installation of the plan will begin
very soon. The boilers that are to fur
nish the steam for the pipes will be
housed In a building on Strawberry
Creek, near the Agricultural building,
and pipes will carry the steam from
this building to each of the university
buildings. The plant will cost $50,000.
Survey for Heating Plant.
VALLEJO, Dec. 15.— Cor siderable
mystery surrounds the death of a child
whose parents have been refused a
burial permit.
The dead child was the three-year
old girl of a family named Nicols, liv
ing on the Old Point road between
Vallejo and Benicia. During its sick
ness the child was attended by an os
teopathic physician. A physician of the
regular school was called in, but when
he arrived the child was dead. After
his return to this city the local health
official refused to grant a permit for
burial and reported the case to the
State Board of Health for instructions.
Neither the local physician nor the
health officer will make any statement
regarding the matter to explain why a
burial permit was refused.
union not to be recognized and no dis
crimination against union men.
Since the end of the last strike, how
ever, the industries of the county have
i remained somewhat shaky, as more
trouble has continually been feared.
On November 13 a walk out occurred
at the South Eureka mine situated at
: Sutter Creek and the mine was subse
quently closed. The Sutter Creek
Miners' Union took up the cause of the
miners of the South Eureka and de
clared a strike against that mine, de
manding the reinstatement of three
men or a sufficient reason why they
were at that particular time dis
charged.
At the special meeting of the Miners'
Union, held soon after the walkout,
the strike was formally declared on
the South Eureka and has since re
mained in effect. In accordance with
the agreement made between the mine
operators and employes on the settle
ment of the strike last April there was
to be no recognition of the union on
the part of the errfployers. Consequent
ly Superintendent Moore has refused to
treat with the union in any manner
whatever. He has offered the men the
opportunity to return to work indi
vidually, but will not hire them as a
union. For four weeks the situation
has remained the same, while all' the;
mines of the county and every other
industry as well have been on a very
weak foundation. Gold remains -at a
value of a little over $19 per ounce and
since the mine operators of the moth
er lode mines cannot increase the value
of their product, the expenses neces
sary ta operate the mines cannot be in
creased.
For several days past James H. Tib
bits, ex-Assemblyman from Amador
County and an old resident of Sutter
Creek has been trying to bring about
a settlement of the strike.' Mr. Tib
bits has spent his life in the county
and is well known. Recently he has
been conducting a smelting works in
Texas, but at this particular time Is
in Sutter Creek on a visit. He will be
remembered as one of the mediators
between the mine operators and miners
in the famous Keswick strike of Shasta
County. It is well understood to-night
that Mr. Tibbits Is meeting -with suc
cess In getting the strike declared off.
Accused Policemen Are Exonerated.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— Three po
lice sergeants and two patrolmen,
charged with negligence in permitting
Edward Deming to gain access to
President Roosevelt at the funeral of
James K. Grade, were freed from
blame by the report of Deputy Po
lice Commissioner Ebstein, approved
by Police Commissioner Greene, to-
Mystery Shrouds Reasons for
the 3Iysterious Action of the
Health Officers of Vallejo
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15. — A man sup
posed to be George Baumann, a Ger
man, aged about 25 years, was found
dead in a San Fernando lodging
house. The gas was found turned on
and death was by asphyxiation. The
only money in his pocket was a Ger
man coin worth 5 cents. It is sup
posed to be a case of suicide. Bau
mann is a stranger in town. He came
to the lodging-house last Friday.
Penniless Man Found Dead.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — Lizzie Love
well, a member of the old Palmer-
Boswell gypsy tribe, which has had its
headquarters for many years in Oak
land, was arrested this afternoon for
telling fortunes without paying the
required municipal license.
Friends of the aged delver into the
secrets of the future were prompt
with a bond for her release. Police
man Thompson claims he found the
dark-skinned mystic at Golden Gate
offering to unfold the mysteries of the
yet to be for a small fee.
As the latest license ordinance im
poses a charge upon such callings the
patrolman says he was compelled to
take the gypsy princess into custody.
Nomadic Teller of Fortunes: Charged
With Revenline the Future With
out Paying Municipal License.
SENDS GYPSY MYSTIC
TO THE CITY PRISON
<"»n Monday 100 new Krag-Jorgenson
rifles ivere received at the local ar
mory to be issued to the two local com
rar.if>s, A ar.d B. Some of the officers
think that the arms were Bent here
with considerably less red tape than
has heretofore been the case in getting
requisitions filled. The dispatch with
which they were sent is regarded as an
indic.iti«n that the two local companies
rr.ay ho needed.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 15.— Governor
Pardee was this afternoon shown a
copy of the press dispatch from Stock
ton in which it was said there was a
probability -that the militia companies
- f that place would be called upon to
po to Calaveras County to settle the
miners" strike. The Governor said he
had not been informed of the labor
troubles and no word had been sent to
him to the effect that he might be
asked to call out the troops. He was
asked what he would do If he should
be asked for troops.
"Well, th? whole situation -would
have to be laid before me before I
¦would act in the matter," replied the
Governor. .
MII.mAJfEX AROUSED.
A report was received here to-day to
the effect that at a meeting of the
strikers h?ld last night some hot
rpeeches wtre made and the men were
wrought up to a high pitch. Some of
the more aggressive ones are said to
have advocated an attack on the mine
and Fhould this occur matters will
speedily corr.e to. a focus. It is not
thought that the mine owners have any
intention of allowing the works to lie
idle long and to-night both sides are
watching each other closely.
A report wcis received from Calaveras
County to-day to the effect that Sheriff
Oravf-c is considering: the advisability
of asking for the State militia. The re
port stated that the Hodson strikers
have been reinforced by striking min
ors from Angels Camp and that all the
Btrfkera ar? armed. The talk about
militia is not considered seriously.
STOCKTON, Dec 15.— Should the
striking miners at Hofison refuse to
abide by the injunction Issued by the
United States Circuit Court in San
Francisco yesterday the situation In
Calaveras County will be even more
serioua than has been contemplated.
Before the end of the week Frank
Rochester, W. Guthrie and 150 "John
Does," constituting Independence Min
ers' Union No. 1G6, will be served with
the injunction by the United States
Marshal and his deputies.
The action on the part of the Royal
Consolidated Mining Company, in tak
ing the* matter to the United States
Circuit Court, places everything in the
hands of the Government. Although
the local representatives of the mining
company are silent upon the subject. It
Is rumored that a second attempt will
be made to take non-union men to
Hodson after the injunction is served.
ATTACK IS PROPOSED.
Special Dispatch to Th» C*!l.
Sheriff of the Region Re
ported to Have Considered
the Possible Necessity of a
Show of Military Force
BABE'S BURIAL
IS PROHIBITED
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 15*— Miss
Rebecca Breath, an 'elderly woman
who had resided here for the last ten
years, was stricken with heart failure
while attending a church reception to
night and died before she could be re
moved from the room. Her death
came absolutely without warning and
occurred .while she was conversing
and was surrounded by people.
The death took place at a reception
given at the Arlington Hotel to the
Rev. and Mrs. Benjamin A. Davis, thy
new rector of Trinity Church. Miss
.Breath, who was slightly over 60 years
of age, went to' the reception in com
pany with her two sisters and wai ap
parently in perfect health.
While talking with a friend she sud
denly fell to the floor, striking her head
against a chair as she fell. Her. sister
ran to her assistance, at the same tim»;
assuring the frightened guests that she
was subject to fainting spells and thai
it was nothing serious. ; With the as
sistance of those near by the woman
was taken «nto an adjoining refresh
ment room end "the curtains were
drawn. Dr. Stembach: was -summoned,
but death occurred before his arrival. .
The body was quickly removed from
the hotel and the reception progressed
smoothly, only a few of the guests
knowing that a .tragedy had ' taken
place in the roj>m. The body will be
interred In 4he Santa Barbara Ceme
tery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKAXE, Dec. 15.— With a posse
hot upon his trail Joe Dilio, the fugitive
Italian murderer, left the road this
morning and took refuge in the brush
near Valley, Wash. Here he was dis
covered shortly after daylight.
As the posse advanced through the
brush Dilio, lying behind a log, raised
his head and'polnted a revolver at his
pursuers. The posse waited for no
further warning, but opened fire, rid
dling him with rifle bullets. Death
was instantaneous.
Dilio and Antonio Del Vecchio were
partners In a grocery and saloon In
Spokane. Saturday they quarreled.
Dilio 6hot Del Vecchio, mortally wound
ing him. Then Dilio fled. I^ast night
a mysterious Italian entered F. *W.
Weatherwax's hotel at Valley, forty,
miles north of Spokane. He came in
by the back door, kept his hat over his
eyes and turned his back on other peo
ple. When he went to his room he
locked the door and barricaded it with
his bed. Weatherwax, who is a con
stable, was convinced he was Dilio, but
tried to get definite facts from Spo
kane before arresting him. Weather
wax put his cot outside Dllio's door lest
the man should escape.
About 4 o'clock this morning Dilio
left the hotel. He went to a mill about
a mile and a half away, where he
bought breakfast and an overcoat.
Then he started down the road. Mean
while the constable got orders from
Spokane to arrest him. A posse of six
men, with two dogs, tracked Dilio
through the snow into the brush.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec 15.— A decision
upon a unique point by Judge Bellinger
of the Federal court has resulted in
the clearing of Frank •Wlnnlshut, the
Indian accused of murdering ! Officer
Pelatt on the Warm Spring* reserva
tion. The jury was instructed to return
a verdict of not guilty. \
No parallel to the point rffsed by the
defense could be found in the legal rec
ords. The point at issue was whether
a person could be held guilty of taking
the life of another by an Involuntary
act,, the same being an '. '. unintentional
reflex of another act performed In an
'attempt- to escape arrest. \
Winriishut became intoxicated at the
Indian. agency. He was racing about
on a horse, when two Indian officers
undertook to , arrest him. Policeman
Abraham seized the reirisof the bridle.
.Pelatt stepped up ., to '•'. the horse's
haunches. Wlnnlshut objected to being
arrested and, : drawing a' kn' , at
tempted to cut the' reins, to' release his
horse. Abraham threw a handkerchief
about the neck of Winnishut and'trted
to drag him fromthe horse. The hand
kerchief, tore and the sudden release
caused Winnishut to. rebound back
ward in" the F3ddle, throwing him off.
The • momentum of.' his- body threw his
hands backward and the knife inflicted
a. mortal v/ound upon Pelatt, who was
back of Winnishut.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINE OWNERS PASS
TASK TO GOVERNMENT
Church Social Affair Continues
After a Quieting Report
of n Fainting Spell
Taking of Life the Involun
tary Result of Another Act
to Escape Being .Arrested
MANHUNT IN "WASHINGTON
Six Men Chase Slayer of His
Partner and Promptly Take
His Life in Self-Defense
Labor Trouble in Calaveras
County Assumes a Serious
Aspect and There Exist
Grave Fears of a Conflict
NEWS KEPT FROM GUESTS
JUDGE ORDERS RELEASE
Fugitive Is Tracked Through
the Snow and Riddled With
Bullets Before He Can Fire
Santa Barbara Woman Stricken
Without Warning While
Chatting in a Crowded Room
Unusual Feature Presented
in Case in Which Red
skin Was Accused of Murder
INJUNCTION
MAY FORCE
THE CRISIS
POSSE KILLS
A MURDERER
DEATH ENTERS
AT RECEPTION
POINT OF LAW
CLEARS INDIAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL",' WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1903.
VIENNA, Dee. 15. — The Austro-Hunpadan
budRt t for 19Oi balances at about 171,905,000,
like that of 1803.
The U.S. army transport Sherman ar
rived from Manila yesterday, bringing
the 13th Infantry. Some of the soldiers
will," it is sa|d, wed San Francisco girls
and will buy a gas range from S. F. Gas
and Electric Co.. 415 Post street •
5
i' THE CHRISTMAS CALL,?
t A NUMBER OF SURPASS- J
¥ ING ATTRACTIVENESS, f
¥ WILL BE ISSUED NEXT f
•*!• SUNDAY, DECEM- T
• • ¦ . ¦ ¦ - . . . -i ¦**'- ? " ; - T*
• T¥"T"^"¥^ Ci £\ ' *
J Place Your Orders Now ¦ .^
t — X
t 3!
V The moit distinguished and T
T sumptnons paper of the Y'uletlde. T
T Its brilliant pasresi contain oontrl- V
T butlons from many leadlnr writers t
T of the day, and the> ¦trlkinrly »
T characterisitlo work of- Its ¦taff J.
X contributor! will make it a truly ,1.
T dellg-htful and Interesting 1 paper., .».
? Wltn this issue will be present- ".».
3. ed, absolutely free of charare, .*.
J.'- "Becorating; for tne Party," tnat .r>
3. charminir picture by Bryson. "Deo- .t.
J. orating; for the Party" Is another .*.
•r. of the . popular Gold Series, and, •,•
4- like < its companion pieces, "Se- ?*?
4> dorah," "Admiration" and; "At. the •>
4* Opera," will adorn the walls of -!*
4* many cf the homes of the Great v
4*' West. r* v
•I* Newsdealers and agents will do S'
4* well to order early,. as the supply *j* ;
2 is limited. • ?
tli^-H^H-'I-I-'I'I-l-I-I-H-I-l'il-l-I-I^s.
IS IT CURABLE?
, People oftfn become afflicted with
Piles and ask some old "chronic" who
has always persisted in the wrong
treatment, and naturally he discour-
ages them by telling them that their
case is hopeless.
They in turn discourage others, and
thus a disease that can in every case
b<* cured by careful and skillful hand-
Jingr is aJIowed to sap the energy of
thousands who might free themselves
of the trouble in a few daj-s.
Pyramid Pile Cure will cure the most
aggravated case of hemorrhoids in an
astonishingly short time. It relieves
the consented parts, reduces the tu-
rrors instantly, no matter how large, ,
allays the inflammation and stops the
aching or itching at once.
Thousands who had resorted to ex-
pensive surjjiea! treatment have been
<-ured by the Pyramid Pile Cure — in a
number of instances persons who had
Fpent months An a hospital under
a pile specialist.
It Is a remedy that none need fear
to apply even to the most aggravated,
Fwollen ar.d inflamed hemorrhoidal
tumors.
If you are afflicted with this stub-
born disease you can master it and
master it quickly.
This remedy is no longer an experi-
ment, but a medical certainty, and is
h jld by druggists everywhere for 50
cents a package. 1
Write Pyramid Drug Company, Mar- |
Fhall, Mich., for their free book on the
cause and cure of piles. I
Is a strained Joint curable? Is local
inflammation curable? Of course, if
properly treated. So is piles.
A Question Often Asked by Those Af-
flicted With Piles.
ADVEHTISE2TZNTS
THE EMPOBIUM *
THE EMPOBIUM
THE EMPOBIUM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: V Open Evenings Until Xtnas £
Holiday Goods, Toys, Dolls, Games |
in Vast Array— Brilliant Display j
More toys than in all other stores in San Francisco combined. The 5
largest, the most varied and beautiful Holiday stocks we have ever sJioivn. \
Our prices are the lowest that zve know for equal grades. You 1 II profit hand- j«
somely on every purchase that you make. >i
An Ideal Rainy-Day Shopping Place jS
Everything you want under one roof 3
Clearance Sale Suits and Coats \
Enormous Reductions in December Instead of January j
Prices cut in ma?iy instances Ofte-hal/ »»--\ /^^% •*
We are holding the annual clearance sale of surplus /^^^^^ '\
stock of winter garments a month earlier this time. (&&*%p\^ *
The Emporium's eagerly looked tor cut-price sale in . -~v^y^ *
the women's departments is now in progress. Cost ijPvK^ H
has been completely overlooked in repricing these gar- / >^^C^\ v?**^*^ r^^K *
ments for immediate clearance. You can secure prac- i\ •A \JZ0!§$$ \\
tical gifts for the home circle at from a third to a kalf i- • \ j >^[?k #>ll yv J
less than the Prices you expected to t>ay. |L '^l^yw|il$ ifoSK \V *
Every garment vvearer within reach of The Em- i Ji^iS&ff&Xf \^t^^%^r9i *
porium should visit our suit department now. Y \. .* y\ J \ . i&S^)
$21.50 and $17. 50 Cheviot and Mixtures Suits, now . VSni jr \,\ i| l/» W^V * \
... . . $w a oo fjr n\ ji\ $, fc£ i
$27.50 and $23.50 Veiling, Broadcloth and Mixture /n 9 HI |i\ //// / i^S '5
Suits, now $14.95 Jl \ W j I /// A (ilj \
527.50 and 535.00 Zibeline, Cheviot and Veiling Suits. / I - *^thfaff%ik *
now $19.75 and $17. 5O Jfl \\ \ A ¥ '& I <r® S
£42.50 and #57.50 Zibeline, Veiling and Novelty Mix- ffl /. f/'LL \ V I 3 \\\\ £
ture Suits, now- • . • $35.00 and $25.00 / ill lw/iy\\\ // 1 \ \ \ $
£75.00 and? 70.00 Zibeline and Broadcloth Suits, now if\ ffirr~)\%, /# ] I I \ %
* • v\ • ' • • • • * • $52.0 O and $50.00 %' jf shz?.i\ '// \ *
Foreign made and our own costumes for afternoon and I yJy vPn/S^l'' 'I \ J5
evening wear that were 527.50 to #500.00, now .. Jy / \U'y! « ) •*
• • ..... . . . . . $18.50 to $150.00 ~ — -^*y/J/ — 'I j J jj
59.00 to £65.00 long and short Silk Coats, now- . . . pS — <V *, ' «
. . . . . . ...... $3.5O >nd $37. 5O - — ;>£ i
. Choice any piece Fur in the store at one-third off regular price Jj
Furniture and Rugs \
Two Great Special Offerings Until Xmas Evening ;?
20 per cent off now on all Furnitiire, except Kitchen. .. 5
One-third off now on all Persian and Fur Rugs^ n
A Really Good Smoking Jacket $5 |
, -- - A Jacket thit not only looks good, bat it good from erery standpoint. 3?
'mjfi$jr^\ ' ' Th: fabric :s of pure wool, dark Oxford gray chrvio:, with contrasting -**
m 7 \ #-vSAl§i 1 " "T T bkek 2nd white or red and black plaid facing, fastened with silk ficgi *J
' \Jk% n** ri~l~ tl *l- ! "aii ani bound with »'lk cord. Remember that The Em- f%0% }t
'MjS "i 11 »¦ *''**<rSS(i!) I -£. P& "^^\i pcrium** pric: for this superior parrnrnt is only. . . . v'^'UV X
Jtlj"-^^ nfeSsbES^C I "lUii m ?^' n S J«Kets at $7-50— Maie of fathiomble golf doth, ia three £
/ - Ai3 very f r *"y sJlldc '» brown, bluff and Oxford, with plain ficing?. Also "«f
/*"^ILJv* / .Zulu Sj T \ TOVfi/fei V^^LffF" a ' ar^ e Tlr ' =t 3 r r^ CMtl * n f anc . v mixtures, l : gh: grays and tans, with .*
•C \fA\y T« * /li£*^*^sJw, $M VS *-VvnL contrasting' plaid or striped facing*; all of them silk w~ r\ %
I \ fTir TO «''!^i^^v^V^ l /r**^{pi\ trimmed ind exceptional ra!nei it £)/iO(/ '%
I \ VJUffc L/fSfc *J^t''^*V^y^' v -' -mokin? Jacket! $10.00— In pla : n golf c!orhi, doubls fieri cheviots '^
/ j/// vS /"' T v '^^Stf'f^^' 'v f I an< * k" ey m: ' x:urts - Th?y com; in ntvy, s-a!, tan and Oxford gray, \
/\\ || ,, t^ t VJft' ' *v$\ and are p'cis'ngly tr!mm:i. You have doubtlfsi iten jic!crts no bettrr }t
I \a.\\l /W/**°™ *w///' JrS*l W«^-'V^Bt'^\\ l^ an r^ e$e nwrked $15.00. We know that thry 1 « tfn *»#» {»
/^SlW,/M //// tg&^MW'Wl^'m ».«* most unus«l rain: at S1U.UU jj
v^wML I Er^n^w! 'W'Wv^i M ' n '' lounsin » rob " $10.00° $15.00 \
I itvl •?Pj^^ l\\\\\ \\\\\\ WWiT f CA !_ I £"O D|U| A*C I M Q/* t^
AMERICA 5 GRANDEST STORE* ."
if A MILLION "FTiAT/I'H V, THA2TLT fc]
H /i^^a^vT^^^V AMERICAN MEN, fathers of flam- E
H JS&P^^^^oN'^v^m iliea « business men, statesmen, B
ffl 'jgf v\|m mechanics, farmers, lawyers, rnln- ||
ps w •a^MreaA' Isters.doctor3.bookkeepers,bank- |
ftj R2S&*. ors « sailors, soldiers, traveling H
H f%t~r *BV— salesmen, railroaders, laboring K
N fear «C—^ E^ftV 7 nien, men in every walk of life, in M
P ftsL. ~L. x &/J ever y Jie °^ activity, keep their E
|| fyf§ffi,« v N-M B Ntff Sjy bowels regular with OASOAR- I
m fwffiSLl HV **d£i ET3 Candy Cathartic. They tell M
ft! fx&S&k&^&Jl / Iff other men about the wonderful W
@,,_. T\yg&S&k&«V P merit of this wonderful little tab- H
I mall nSr^SpI * I let - They take OASOARETS homo H
H mm ' PI^ J&r >^ L to their wives and families. The n
§j fe * 1 %&^^^^ Jm. consequence is a sale of OVER A M
Bgoodt" \gma**^^ BB N. MILLION BOXES A' MONTH U
II /ESp*^ made by merit and appreciation, rj
a Je&$^& <f^ -^ man who keeps his bowels regular it
0 _iOTrtffj1™ 'with OASOARETS, can keep strong and el
M «s^£n£v!P^r^ healthy even -without much exercise, for when K|
H the bowels are regularand the digestion strong m
6$ M&r j& tne system is safe and the muscles, brain and L
Pf £&f Jf nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity and life. B
a W Mw All druflrcriata, 10e.25q.60c. Never sold in bulk. The g&n- *
1 j Sf uine tablet stamped CCC. Sample and booklet free. *
H m fff Addresa Sterlfns: Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. j J
I CATHARTIC
I ANNUAL SALE-TEN MBLLION BOXES 1
i v Greatest in the World eajjJohn Dillon, a banker at Geary, owns
a medal alleged to be one of the eight
given by George Washington to eight
Arapahoe Indian chiefs in 17S9. The
medal is nearly two and a half inches
In diameter and made of unalloyed
silver. It was given to Dillon by an
Arapahoe chief, Jock Bull Bear, who
declared . that it was given originally,
to his grandfather, White Owl, by
Washington and transmitted by White
Owl to his son of the same name, who
was the uncle of Jock Bull Bear and
from whom Bull Bear received it.
On one side is the head of Washing
ton, encircled by the words, "George
Washington, the Father of His Coun
try." . Below is the date, "1789.'' On
the other side are two olive branches
inclosing two clasped hands with the
date, "17S9," and two crossed pipes be
neath. In the outer margin at the top
is the word "Friendship" with six stars
on each separating it from the words,
"The Pipe of Peace," in the outer mar
gin, at the bottom of the medal. * The
thirteenth Ptar is immediately beneath
».hc word "Friendship."
The story of the medal as told to Mr.
Dillon is that the Arapahoe tribe was
in , camp at Colorado Springs in 178S
when eight chiefs left on horseback
for Washington. They made the trip
successfully and returned in njnc
months from the da-y of departure. Mr.
Dillon does not know the value of the
medal, but has refused all ' offers for
It;? purchase. — Kansas City Journal. '
. '¦ '¦¦¦. S-.Vi
A Washington Medal.
DENVER. , Dtc. 13.— The city charter cqi»-
V*SttfeB orsenired to-day. Rev. Charlen ¦ II.
Marshall. Democrat, »as elected president.
8!Kty Caj% are allowed by law for preparation
of a charter for *ubmlfslcm to the voter*.
It is stated that as soon, as Prince
Edward of Wales, who is now in his
tenth year, is old enough, he will be
entered as a cadet in the. Royal Naval
College, Osborne, which was opened .by
the King during last regatta week at
Cow.ee. Should this prove true, .' the
Prince will only be following the ex
ample of his. father, who, at the age of
12 years, was sent to the Britannia with
hisjbrother. Prince "Eddy"— his senior
by just seventeen months— to learn the
rules' of sea service. After 'spending
two, years on the Britannia, the two
brothers started on a three years'
voyage round the world, after which
Prince George gradually ascended the
ladder of naval rank until in 1890 he
was given the command of a gunboat
on the West Indian station. After the
death of his brother in 1892 he had to
abandon his. naval career in order to
prepare himself for his ceremonial du
ties.—London Dally Chronicle.
To Follow His Father.
Old Dinah Jackson, the cbony-hued
cook of the Blank family, came to her
employer one day and said, 'JI is very
sorry. Mis' Blank, very, sorry-, .'but I
cayn't do out yo* wash till Chewsday
next week: I hope hit'H be alf the same
to you." "-' - • -¦>'.-..
' *'I suppose I'll have to -.^•ait. until
Tuesday if you really cannot come on
Monday, as usual; but it willfbe rather
inconvenient for me to put\off my
washing To "oblige you. ¦•Why cannot
you come on Monday?" ' / '->,
"Well, to tell de truf, I wants ter cel
erbrate my silvah weddin' Monday, an'
I shall be needed terf home ter git ready
fo' my comp'ny."
"Your silver wedding? Why. Dinah,
I- had no idea that yo^vi and Mr." Jack
son had been married twenty-five
years." . ./ " ¦ \ :
"Oh, we aint, to /tell de acksfiiil
truf, but, you see. I be'h mahied 'leven
3'eahs ter Mistah Jackson, an' I was
mahied to'teen yeahs ter my fust hus
band, an' hit so happens dat Mistah
Jackson was mahied fo'teen yeahs ter
his fust wife, an* an' 'leven and fo'teen
make twenty-five, so hit seems fa'r
'nough fo' us ter celebrate our silvah
weddin', don't hit?"— Woman's Home'
Aunt Dinah's Silver -.Wedding.
Declares Dividend on Common Stock.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15. —The Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company has, de
clared a dividend of V*. per cent on its
common stock, payable January 1
next. This is the first dividend on the
common stock.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15. — In memory
of Mrs. Harriet Hubbard Ayer, the
writer, who died recently, a home
shortly will be established in this city
for the purpose of affording friendless
women a night's shelter.
Friends of Mrs. Ayer have organized
for the purpose. of building the home
the Seven Poor Travelers' Association,
so named from . a' tale by Dickens.
Twenty-five charter members, all of
whom were Mrs. Ayer's close personal
friends.^or those interested in her life
and work, signed the incorporation
papers. Several thousands of dollars
already have been* promised "to carry
on the- work. Like the. seven .travel
ers of^the story, women v seeking shel
ter "in- the home will be v permitted to
remain only f o£T«ne .night
Friends of the Late Mrs. Harriet Hub
bard Aycr Decide to Erect a
Memorial Building.
HOME TO BE ESTABLISHED
TO GIVE SHELTER TO WOMEN"
CHICAGO, Dec. # 15.— All Chicago
city employes whose work brings them
into contact with the public will be
required to wear a badge. An ordi
nance making the enforcement of this
requirement Imperative upon the
heads of all departments has been
adopted by the Council by a vote of
39 to 24. The object of the ordinance
Council Passes Mandatory Ordinance
as a Result of the Charges of Cor
ruption Made by Mayor.
CHICAGO CITY EMPLOYES
MUST ALL WEAR BADGES
is to prevent irregularities among: em
ployes who hope to escape punishment
because of the difficulty heretofore In
establishing the identity of offenders.
The ordinance is the outgrowth of
the charges of "graft" by the .Mayor
against the employes of the inspec
tion bureaus.
Hero worshipers must cultivate, an
easy credulity when they go on pil
grimage. If they do not they are al
most sure to suffer disenchantment
when they reach the longed for shrine.
The Florence of Dante is being given
over to the builder of villas, cheap and
nasty; Stratford-on-Avon regards
Shakespeare as a commercial asset.
The famous' birthplace would not . be
recognized by the poet if he were to
set eres on It to-day, and as for the
treasures of the museum, they are for
the most part a collection of antiquated
rubbish. J. Cuming Walters, well
known as an authority on Tennyson,
has dared to question the worth of
these venerated relics, and Sydney Lee,
the Shakespearean scholar, who is also
one of the trustees, has consented to
make an inquiry Into the authenticity
of each individual article. Halliwell
Phelps said that the only remaining
part of the original Shakespeare house
was the cellar. What will remain} 1 of
the museum when its contents Have
been made the' subject of a searching
Inquiry? — Rochester Post-Express.' "¦ ?-;
Disappointment of Tourists^
Timber tests which shall determine
the strength of the principal American
timbers used for construction purposes
: are now in progress at Washington,
I D. C; at Yale University, New Haven.
Conn.; at Purdue University, Lafay
ette. Ind., and at the University of
California, Berkeley, Cal. These tests
are made under the direction of the
i Bureau of Forestry, and are foe the
benefit of lumbermen, construction en
gineers and scientific men who are in
terested in the strength of different
wood fibers. The Bureau' of Forestry
plans from the results of its tests to
make tables of the strength of differ
ent American woods to which the engi
neer may refer when he wishes to know
wliat timbers to use for. certain pur
pose's. ;The.;itegts .•'will hVjn cross bend^
ing and breaking, I compression with' arid
against; the; grajnapd. Shearing. '. ' "
>• No complete and satisfactory, series
pf tests on large" sticks of tlmber'.has
eyerrbeeri.made Ih'this country. XJvim
ber 'manufacturers ; in"; the \South'and
the Pacific Co'aist, StafeV'are especially
interested In* this; work; since they wish
to know "more "ahout their product.
They have contributed gratis much of
the material used in ttie\ tests. _, ; , '.
The chief timbers now being tested
are the Southern pines and the red^frr
of the PacIficCoast. In the laboratories
at Washington tests are now in pro
gress on-loblolly. piriei sticks 17 feet long
and 8 by i4;*«fby;S arid 8 by 4 inches.
Special'atteritton-ls given" to the effects
of rflb'isture "oil th'e f strength of Wo6d.
In the case^of loblolly .pins. which has
growriyrapklly the-strength. was found
to decrease 50 to 60. per cent after. the
dry wood had been" soaked several days
in water..' The fact, however,- is not
yet' established and will have .[; to-: b6
proved 'by further 'experiments. * The
timbers 'tested are -of the: usual :• grades
purchased in the market and i-are r not
selected* piece^. . -^ '-''•;
*At r the: laboratory of th*e Yale^Fprest
School 'in New Haven : small e'elect^d
I pieces of Umsleaf pine, .without knots
or other defects; are being tested so as
j to "learn what 'is. the. ultimate strength
:£t the., fibers. ,..-... . '/ - [:l', ¦:¦:' . r
At Berkeley. Cal.; tests* are- « being
made on, 'red ;ftr--froTn -timbers. contrib?
u^ed by* red fir manufacturers.; >. - : >
.j Dr. WCvK^-Hatt,' who; is stationed .at
Purdue ;Uniye'rslty,; is .carrying oh', a Be-'
ries of testsTthcre^withf hardwood tim
bers ( and'.' is .preparing: for ; w pubHcatipn
the results^of fall' the : tests _ of ; the [ bu»
j reau.— Bureau • of *FprQstr.y:BuJletJh. •>¦
At Washington, Yale and Elsewhere
L'ndcr Direction of Bureau
of Forestry.
TESTING STRENGTH OF ;
. AMERICAN TIMBERS
The English language is no station
ary affair, fixed and limited in its scope,
but v few appreciate how fast it is grow
ing. A new dictionary, just issued,
shows this— in fact, every new diction
ary of importance that pretends to give
the words in the language in complete
ness does the same. The particular
dictionary referred to gives no less than
17,000 new terms or' new meanings of
old words! A large number of new
terms in the language always come
from scientific vocabularies. There is
also a considerable addition through
the adoption or modification of foreign
words. As maps are expanded, changed
or filled up through the labors of geo
graphical explorers, so the investiga
tions of the savants in astronomy,
chemistry, electricity and other of the
physical sciences, as well as in psychol
ogy, economics and philosophy, index
widened mental horizons in terms that
take permanent place in the language.
The Spanish war brought many new
words into use in the English language
in this country.
Among the new words that the up-to
date dictionary must consider are such
terms as bogey, a term in golf; borde
reau, briquet, chauffeur, expansionist,
therion. immune, laverick, many where,
open door, osteopathist, ping-pong,
popover, radium, ragtime, roof-garden,
rough rider, twostep, Zionism.—Hart
ford Post.
The Language.
About midnight Mrs. Congleton
awoke and missed her husband and
gave the alarm. The town turned out
to search for him. The tracks were
found and traced to Chattaroy, where
he was found in the boxcar unharmed.
SPOKANE, Wash., Dec. 15.— A search
for Postmaster J. F. Congleton, kid
naped by masked thugs, aroused the
people of Milan, Wasn.. last night.
About 9:20 p. m. Congletcm went to his
store and discovered two burglars in
possession. He tried to escape, but be
ing a cripple was overtaken and made
prisoner.
The robbers marched Congleton down
the railroad track to Chattaroy, seven
miles awav, "where he was compellftl
to climb into a boxcar and was locked
In.
Masked Burglars 'Make Busi
ness Man a Prisoner at
His Store in Washington
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Dec. 15. — Caro
line E. Hixson, a negress, bent and
wrinkled with age. has arrived here,
having walked, she says, from Geor
gia to. seek relatives, from whom she
was separated fifty-six years ago. The
old woman, told the police where her
parents had lived, but no .trace of
them . could be found and it is sup
posed they died years ago. Two other
persons were located who remembered
her, however, and they confirmed the
story she told of having been carried
away in childhood with several run
away slaves.
Aged Xegress' Iiong Walk.
Later, being* informed, over- the tele
phone that, the two . were , determined
to wed, the boy's father relented.
"Let .them go," he said, and they
hurried away to Jessie's home to be
married. .
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Dec. 15.— On a
telephone message from the youth's
father, Albert Dineen of Yankton, S.
D., aged 17, and Jessie Lane, aged 18, of
Homer, Nebr., were taken from a train
when they reached Sioux City to-day
and put Into jail.
Dineen, being under age, was locked
in a cell and a charge of kidnaping was
filed against the girl.
"What do you think of me kidnap
ing you, Bert?" asked petite Jessie.'
"I think I'll thrash thV* old man when
I get out of here," declared the 6-foot
youth',' who has a record of having al
ready; trouncSed the."*jld man'" once.
Jailed Because She Eloped
With a South Dakota Youth
Only Seventeen Years of Age
OMAHA, Dec. 13.— Special Agent
Gregory of the Department of Justice
arrived in the city to-day and testified
before the Grand Jury which is 'investi
gating the Hastings postoffice removal
case. Gregory, it is said, brought docu
mentary evidence supplied by the
Washington authorities in connection
with the case.
Judge Munger to-day made an order
for . the drawing of a special Grand
Jury to investigate the cases now be
fore the court, the jurors to report on
December 2S. At the office of District
Attorney Summers It was stated that
extraordinary effort would be made to
prepare the Government's case against
Senator Dietrich and others indicted in
the postoffice case as speedily as pos
sible, in order that the prosecution may
be ready for trial when court convenes
on December. 28.
State Representative Frank Curriev
indicted last week for alleged illegal
fencing, appealed in court to-day and
gave ?1000 bonds. W. G.. Comstock, vice
president of the Nebraska. Feeding
Company, also indicted for similar of
fenses, came to the city to-day.
Government Proposes to Try
Indictments Growing Out of
Nebraska Postoffice Scandal
George B. Young followed on behalf
of the securities company. Young con
tended that the transfer of the stock
of the railroad companies to the secu
rities company had been entirely free
from the features which had operated
to throw discredit upon the formation
of trusts. The transaction was noth
ing more than a transfer of property.
"We are proceeding upon the theory,"
he said, "that an out and out sale was
made, and unless the court is prepared
to hold that Congress should exercise
exclusive control of all transfers of
transportation agencies engaged in in
terstate commerce we fail to see how
this transaction can'be"lie!d to become
a combination in restraint of trade or
agairst the anti-trust law."
"It is bad enough." he said, "to bring
the entire railroad facilities of an im
portant section of the country under
monopolistic control, but when to the
power to fix charges for transportation
you add the creation of scores of .mil
lions of flat stock upon which those
charges are expected to pay jJlvidends
you impose an unjustifiable burden up
on the people and exact too high a price
for a successful evasion of the law..
"While it may be true that the re
capitalization of these companies was
based upon existing market values for
their stock, yet existing market values
rested at that time upon total forgetful
ness of the fact that the progress of
material prosperity is not continuous
and that those values were lifted. upon
the v.lngs of an optimism that had con
verted into stock and stock values all
the prosperity in sight, as well as all
hopes and expectations of many future
years.
"This thing was done when men who
have been regarded as wise men and
safe men lost their hold upon their
judgment and failed to withstand the
temptation to gather for their instant
personal advantage the fruits which,
conserved, would have Iastea many
year? and been furnished many people.
'"The question in this case is not
whether Congress can regulate and has
regulated State corporations or the
ownership of their capital stork] The
question is: Can the owners of such
capital utook regulate interstate com
merce?"
YOUNG DEFENDS THE MERGEU.
Knox declared that Morgan and Hill
had the power to suppress competition
between these two roads when they
held the control of the majority of the
stock of the two. He asserted that they
executed that power and actually sup
pressed and destroyed competition be
tween them the moment they parted
with the legal title to their segregated
holdings and vested them in the North
ern Securities Company.
SCY)RES ri.VAXCIAI; KINGS.
Knox then discussed the end accom
plished by the merger of the railroad
interests, saying:
"The device resorted to in this case,
if sustained, defeats the policy of the
law, as it accomplished all and more
in the way of effectual destruction of
competition than was accomplished in
the trans-Missouri and joint traffic
cases. "You may call it a^merger, a
combination, a poo!, a conspiracy, a
consolidation. \ a contract, a securities
company, or what you like. The thing
it accomplishes is not varied by a var
iation In name or manner of bringing
it about."
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 15.— Attorney-
General Knox resumed his argument
in the Northern Securities case in the
United States Supreme Court to-day.
He declared that by the union of the
Northern Pacific and Great Northern
Reihvay Companies, .two competing
interstate railroads had been brought
irto such relations that their independ^
ence as competitive factors in inter
state commerce was destroyed. The
thing that had been done was declared
illegai. he said, when brought about by
the methods pursued in the Joint traf
fic and trans-Missouri cases. These
¦were cases of contracts or agreements
between independent and competing
lines of railroad for the regulation of
traffic charges. The Government
charged that these argeements re
strained interstate commerce, and the
Supreme Court sustained that conten
tion.
JDEFEATS IK)L1CV OF THE LAW.
LOCK CAPTIVE
IN A BOX CAR
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— In the
; Genera! Wood case to-day Major J. E.
Runcie was the first witness. State
ments made by Ray Stannard Baker,
concerning the article reflecting upon
the administration of Major General
Brooke made it necessary for the re
call of Major Runcie.' He was asked a
number of questions concerning the
origin of the article in question and
stood by his former testimony, to the
eect that General Wood had knowl
edge of -the story and that it was pre
pared practically at his suggestion and
dictation.
The next witness was General George
\ R. Burton, inspector general of the
army. He occupied the position of In
i spector general in Cuba under the ad
ministration of General Wood as Gov
ernor General, and it was he who dis
1 covered the postal frauds. He was
called to give the date of that discov
ery and also the date on which Gen
eral Wood made the order revising tne
judicial 6ystem of Cuba for the admis
sion of ex parte testimony. General
Burton said that the discovery of the
postal frauds was made in April, 1900,
,and that it was two weeks or more
later when the order was issued by-
General Wood changing the jurisdic
tion and powers of the court.
Alexis E. Frye, formerly Superin
tendent of Public Instruction in Cuba,
told the committee that the schools of
Cuba were organized under laws issued
by General Brooke and that an order
making a cut in salaries of teachers
was issued by General Wood. He de
clared that there had been a breach of
faith on the part of General Wood
when he interfered with the efficiency
of the schools. He asserted that Gen
eral Wood was untruthful in many
matters affecting public affairs.
Secretary Root will be called by the
Committee on Military Affairs to-mor
row, when the committee plans to con
clude its inquiry.
DIETRICH CASE
TO BE RUSHED
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa., Dec. 16.— A
reduction in wages averaging 17 per
cent, and affecting 30,000 men in the
Connellsville « coke regions, was an
nounced to-day/ The H. C. Frick Coke
Company takes* the initiative in this,
the first reduction since the great strike
of the early nineties, and to-day post
ed notices at all of its plants announc
ing the reductions.
The new rate is somewhat above the
basis of the former $2 coke; scale and
indicates that the Frick company in
tends ,to make a stand for something
like a $2 minimum price for furnace
coke,,", notwithstanding, the fact that
many sales have been . reported below
that figure. Simultaneously with the
announcement of a reduction in wages
the Union Supply Company, the owner
of all the company stores at the Frick
and allied companies, announced a
general cut in the price of goods.
GIRL ACCUSED
OF KIDNAPING
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 15.— The tak
ing cf testimony in the case of Isaac
Gravelle, charged with -sending letters
to the Northern Pacific officials'' de
manding money for immunity from dy
namite outrages, began to-day. Among
the witnesses was Warden of the Peni
tentiary Conley, who testified to Gra
velle having served two terms in the
penitenti{%^. The theory of the prose
cution is that three of the threatening
letters received by the railroad officials
wore, written in the penitentiary by the
cellmate of Gravelle, a man named
Harvey Whltton, who is serving an
eighty-year sentence for murder. Con
ley identified two of the threatening
letters as being in the handwriting of
Whittori. The paper they were written
on is sent out by a school ot corre
spondence and was identified by a pe
culiar water mark. One of the letters
identified was, addressed to the board
of directors of the road and was dated
July 16, 1903, the day Gravelle was re
leased from prison. It was the first
letter, making a demand for $25,000..
The second, was without date and'di
rected the railroad company how to
deliver the money and what the denom
inations were to be.
There are eighty witnesses in at
tendance on the trial and it will con
sume about two weeks.
The importance of finding these
bodies in scarlet fever, Dr. Mallory
said, lay in the fact that up to the
present time absolutely nothing has
been known in* regard to the cause of
the disease.
BOSTON, Dec. 15.— At a meeting of
the Boston Society of Medical Science
to-night Dr. F. B. Mallory, associate
professor of pathology in the Harvard
Medical School, explained in detail his
discovery of the scarlet fever germ.
He said that in the skin of four vic
tims of the disease who died in the.
eruptive stage, he found a series of
bodies which close'y resembled the va
rious development stages of a proto
zoan. In the course of his paper Dr;
Mallory said:
"While manv of the common infec
tious diseases are due to bacteria, the
lowest form of vegetable life, a certain
number are due to protozoa, the lowest
form of animal life. Of the latter dis
eases the best known and the most
studied are the malarial fevers, of
which three distinct varieties are rec
ognized. In these malarial diseases
the protozoa, or hemosphoridias, live
arid develop in the blood. Here they
pass through, however, only a sexual
development. If these micro-organisms
in the human blood are sucked up
by a certain group of mosquitoes they
then pass through, in the stomach of
the mosquito, their sexual develop
ment and are ready after a certain
length of time to infect other persons
when transferred to their blood by the
bite of the infected mosquito. *
"The bodies found in scarlet fever re
semble the different stages of the sex
ual development of the malarial organ-,
ism, but do not live in the blood. In
stead they live in the epithelial cells of
the skin and tongue, between these
cells and in the superficial lymph ves
sels and spaces of the corium. Like
the malarial. parasites they multiply by
forming segmenting bodies, or ro
settes. These rosettes are about one
third larger than the malarial rosettes
and the number of- segments would
seem to be about twice as many.
"Whether sexual development occurs as
with malarial micro-organism could
not be determined." ' .'- '
Attorney General Says Public
Is Asked to Pay Dividends
Upon "Watered*' Securities
Former American Official in
Cuba Declares the Military
Governor Was Untruthful
Micro-Organisms Attain Their
Full Development in the
Stomach of the Insect Pest
MANY PLANTS AFFECTED
Simultaneously With the An
nouncement Supply Stores
Lower Prices on Their Goods
Two of the Threatening Let
ters Are in Handwriting of
Former Cellmate of Accused
CREATION OF FIAT STOCK
FRYE USES PLAIN WORDS
MOSQUITO SPREADS DISEASE
PRISONER IS IDENTIFIED
Dr. F. B. Mallory Explains His
Discovery to the Boston
Society of Medical Sciences
The H. C. Frick Coke Company
Hakes Big Cut in Wages of
3Ien in Connellsville Region
Reiterates Charge That Gen
eral Wood Instigated At
tacks Upon General Brooke
Prosecution Introduces Damag-.
ing Testimony in the North
ern Pacific Dynamite Case
Blui't Denunciation of the
3Iethods of Morgan, Hill
and Their Merger Colleagues
KNOX ASSAILS
RAILWAY POOL
RUNCIE MAKES
NO RETRACTION
TRACES FEVER
GERM'S ORIGIN
FIXING CRIME
ON CRATELLE
GIVES NOTICE
OF REDUCTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1903.
According to the Massachusetts '- Bu^
reaii of Statistics, there ares-3459 law^
yersinUhat: State, 5497. physicians and
surgeons ancT'3737 "clergymen^ ".*
:V- According j'toi a there
are -upward r^of f 600?ChineB^ 'in' Johan-'
nesburg, of .whom 180 are in -business.
Air are reported to do well. K~£l\
A floclc of. ostriches* ajt '^ Phoenix,^Ariz.',
no jv numb'e^8 r - fnofe than^lgOO; birds.' '-• ¦
Who would have supposed during the
Reigm of Terror that a day. would come
¦when the guillotine would be used for
a laudable purpose? Yet this has ju^t
happened in Sweden, for a guillotine
has been erected in the markej; place
at Gothenburg, where it is used; dally:
for the purpose of decapitating chick--.':
ens, ducks and other domestic animals*
The local Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals is responsible", tor.
this novel step. Animals, it claims,
may be legitimately used as food, but
there is no reason why they should suf
fer while dying, and the. surest way
to avoid such suffering's to employ' a
guillotine as an instrument of death.—
Guillotine In Sweden.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sta.
There are 60 Regal Stores — 20 of them in Greater New
York, where the styles originate. The new styles arc on sale in
our San Francisco store at the same time as in the New York
stores.. . .Other dealers, get the same styles a year later.
bare % facts about Regal Shoes
are what we want you to know.
The trouble is that the facts are so
remarkable you find them hard to
believe. Jt does seem strange that nobody else can make
•and sell shoes equal to Regals at $3.50. Strange because
Regal, methods are as open as daylight. Any shoe
manufacturer could do as well for you if he followed the
Regal system. The secret of Regal success is really no
secret at all. It is simply the elimination of all superflu-
ous handlings and profits. We are tanners. We are
manufacturers. We are retailers. We sell our product
direct to the 'wearer. One sale — one profit.
The ordinary method is this: The tanner must have
a profit on the hides he sells through a commission
broker, who must also- have a profit. He sells to the
manufacturer, who sells to the jobber, who sells to the
retailer, who adds- thirty or forty per cent, profit to the
four profits already added, and by the time you get the
shoes your money pays for about $3 of profit and $3
worth of shoes.
If anybody can tell us how the shoes have been
improved by all this handling, and by all these profits, we
would like to have him do it.
There isn't over $1.75 worth of leather in the
best pair of shoes that ever came down street. One
dollar is enough for the making by the best modern
methods. Seventy -five cents for one handling and one.
profit is. enough to satisfy us.
And that is the way you get $6 shoes for $3.50.
We sell direct from tannery to wearer, and in no
other way, and no other maker sells direct exclu-
sively. That is one reason why you cannot get Regal
quality and Regal price anywhere but in the Regal
stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL
CHRISTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY
They Are Yours if You
Want Them.
Christinas Novelties,
Christmas Presents,
Christmas Toys.
HERE IS THE BIGGEST
CHANCE YET FOR
EVERYBODY.
BEGAL SHOES.
jQfcrs. THE MODERN SPECIFIC THAT PRODUCE* . ,>f^, . ''
Wlm STRENGTH! fef
VS?*S. wT Brtry m»a and woman wears fo * V.
3T 2ei posMtBB the j* and therm IB .»<»
W remmon irftr tttev sftoeitf not. f
The tttxK nerva tonic and blood remedy, prodac* ostsa tx sps* m SB *g»^%"'
plurapnen. round out hollowatn, brinf the blooa of *M ffft H S D M n 4J*
youth to tbi cj>cek«, and all who take tljon enjoy H 3fl fe% H &¦ H 3fc
N#rv«r>T«bl«:factonth»a«»w sod bksod, tad Q aft BaaV £s» fta S V r
contain ail th« elemtnti of Hie. Positively
S«fjR«jKP i l*X' . iro BtADDKR TROVaies, Haea'm*tlsm. Alt Diseases ottMe Blood/
Oackacae, mtutlStrvous Dyspepsia, Clear the Complexion and Aid Digestion..- » •
CHye you a rood appetite, renew Ufa celb ia yosatf and old. Permanently restore youthful
**°MJI «»&"*/• .i. They £ ne up th f ? hole •*".«» «<* ***** yo«"«» like a new person.
1 ALCOHOL IH AU. LIQUID KIONEY AND RHEUMATIC REMEDIES COXDEMII3 THE* r \>:
a jl?i lg .? cra . aU7 c t om P<»» Dd e<i remedy, containing »!cobol. us ntirly «J» HonW kMacj retredlet
i O :^lV«l* te v 5 eiai0 J?L« DtIy °& " inflammation TwU? be Jet. up. aid «n*t«cf oi IJclie
«Ur£ ufei'r actWty.' 73 me dls€ased - Alcohol c 9 n ( tsts tie Waef» witt* blaqd *ai
i ?h n . 0^^°y? I^ r Z? nT * bl< ? lt<>lnt3rler «^«» «>« remoral ol til n*™^^
pent from the body. The Tablets soothe and heal the kidnets when they are irritated and
"flamed. TlTey cure the kidney diseases that make ySa dbSy reTtJw, sleepiest and Irritably
1^ you P"^ s w . ater often durtaf the day tad nlintf that ciuse- rheumatism, catarrn of
L h .tMJS4to lP^ ia^ bz^i c^^^K\^tb2tmzk6y O nhctd ache aad causa iadi-
*e«tioa, stomach and liter trocble and a tajlow. yellow complexion.
Nervan Tablet Co., Chicago, III. Dear Slrs:-I desire to inform you that I bay* Ifken.-
£•"« Tablets for Rheumatism aad Kidney trouble "na ihink they are wonderfel. Doa't
belieje they can be equalled lor the cure of diseases they aw intended to cure.
- My wiie was troubled *ith Rheumatism, was la bVdseTeral days. I had her uk« tout
remedy and In three days she was up and doinrher -work and Is cow entirely wall. W« bota
wish you success. Very truly. A.TE. HA**»TCS. ev _ -.,, rhlMM ™ ..
609 Leland A»e.. Sheridan Park, Cblcaf 9. 13.
No matter how many other remedies you Bay haye tried and found useless, remsmbsr tht
treat modern remedy. Nenraa Tablets, the peer of all remedies. ' ¦ '¦¦¦ \
¦ Every II box sold with guarantee to refund your moacv shoulu Chey fail to do all wa claia
Cor them. Sold and recommended by
TJXrXON OZCTJQ COMPANY'S STORES: % , i
934 Kearny Street, . 3 i 8 aiontjrcmery Aveaua. ¦
Market Street ana Vaa Ness Avsnne. Valencia Street, cor. Twenty-Tairt. • .
Stockton and OTarrell Street*. Sixth Street. Corner Mission.
314 Kearny Street. . 400 Suttar Street.
California and Tlllmore Streets. ,—
A!*cys the Same Good Old BtzizXmas tr*es; silver firs, spruce, cedar.
redwood, at McCltfln's. Market.nr.Larldn.*
The Supreme Court -' yesterday ad
mitted the following named appli
cants: Roy L. Alexander, James S.
Smith. S. C." Weil. Guy W. Smith)
Frank C. Drew, William G. Snyder,
George W. Mordecal Jr., Munroe
Thomas, J. Nelson Watt and Wallace
W. Wldeman. P. B. Hall. also, passed
the examination and will be admitted
to the bar when he shall become of
age. ,
Are Admitted to Practice.
An address to members of the club
accompanies the report of the .nomi
nating committee. It sets forth that
the league Is enjoying an unprece
dented degree of prosperity and that
Its interests are splendidly conserved.
The prosperity, which . promises - ; to
continue, is credited to the^ excellent
administration of affairs during the
last year. In view of the situation the
committee states 'that special reasons
exist for the renomlnatlon of the pres
ent officers.
The report is* signed by William
Macdonald, J. W. Carmany, Joseph
Slmonson, D. T. Cole, J. S. Spear Jr.,
William Morris and' Frank W. Mars
ton- • •
Committee Posts . Names and Issues
Address Pointing to Good "Work
of Present Administration. .
The nominating committee of the
Union League has posted the follow
ing nominations of club officers for the
year 1904: President, George H.
Pippy: first vice president, S. J.
Hendy; second vice president, H. G.
| W. DInkelspIel; secretary, J. B| Fuller;
i treasurer, I.. W. Hellman Jr.'; direc
tors — C. H. Garoutte, F. E. Beck, C. L.
j Field. E. E. Gates, John Rothschild
I and E. D. Page.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB
OFFICERS NOMINATED
The pupils of the Commercial High
gave a dance last night at the
P.hool building. There was a large
crowd present and a merry time was
enjoyed by all.
School Gives Dance.*
Philip Brady was appointed a pa
trolman in the place of Jeremiah
Donovan, who resigned rather than
face charges preferred against him.
The resignation of Mrs. L. G. " Fa
bian as matron of the City Prison was
accepted. Mrs. Fabian's engagement
to Frank Schmitz, brother of the
Mayor, was announced some tjme ago
and she now leaves the position she
has so long filled with credit to the
city and to herself to become his wife.
Mrs. Condon was appointed in her
stead. . »
Charges brought against Patrolman
Charles B. W«deklnd by. Max Foehr
were dismissed, it being proven that
the officer, actedyvholly within hl3
duty. ,. , - . . -. .-
At a meeting of the Board of Police
Commissioners held last evening Pa
trolman Joseph E. Feld, who shot and
killed his father-in-law, Fritz Dirking,
on November 2, was dismissed from
the department. There were but two
witnesses examined and the manslayer
offered no defense. \ The . case of Pa
trolman Bennett, who is charged with
being implicated with Sergeant Wolf
in extorting money from a Mission
street saloon-keeper, went over until
Friday afternoon decision, the
Commissioners being unable to agree
upon a penalty. Patrolman Patrick J.
Parrell was fined $25 for permitting a
prlsoneVtto escape, and the case of Po
liceman Fogarty, charged with having,
made an unlawful arrest, went over
until Friday. \
Board of Police Commissioners Holds
a Busy Session nt the Hall ' , '_
of Justice.
PATROLMEN MAKE ANSWER
TO VARIOUS ACCUSATIONS
A series of free lectures were given
last night at the Humboldt Evening
School, corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Hyde street. J. Moran. chief en
gineer of the Mills building, gave a
lecture on "The Heating and Venlil
afing of Building?." Horace F. Brown
talked on "The Reduction of Rebelilous
Ores," and Charles P. Weeks on
"House Architecture." The lectures
were largely attended and thoroughly
enjoyed by the student body of the
school. ,
Lectures at Ilumboldt School.
Japanese and Germans have the same
average brain weight.
If a person is bitten by a supposedly
mad dog:, let him call a physician and ap
ply lemon Juice to the wound. This is
tho advice of Dr. Lagorio of the Pasteur
Institute. ,.'
Chief Deputy Charles Vogelsang of
the Fish Commission reports that Po
lice Judge Mortimer Smith of Oakland
fined F. "W*. Diehl 525 yesterday for
violatingnhe bag ymit law on ducks
and F/ W. Searing $25 for selling
quail.
Pay for Violating Game Laws.
Will Test Dental Law.
The Supreme Court will hear argu
ments as" to the validity of the dental
law this morning. Chas. H. Whitley is
under arrest for practicing dentistry
without a license and wants to prove
the act creating a Dental Examining
Board unconstitutional. The case Is
analogous to that of the physicians
who are attempting to have the court
do away with the Board of Medical
Examiners.
Mrs. Jennie Close started out last
night in search of revenge and wound
up at the City Hall police station af
ter gratifying her desire. The object
of her wrath was Mrs.. Laura Lasare.
keeper of a candy store at 24 Hayes
street. Mrs. Close accuses Mrs. Lasare
of winning the affections of her spouse
and in order to get even Mrs. Close
used her umbrella to advantage, pok
ing several panes of glass out of the
show window of the candy store.
When Mrs. Lasare saw what was
happening she hastily summoned
Patrolman Durham, who locked the
revengeful Mrs. Close upon a charge
of disturbing the peace. Mrs. Lasare
is the woman who was sued by the
gas company a short time ago and
acted as her own attorney.
She vows that she never did desire
the friendship of Mr. Close and adds
that she will make his hasty spouse
pay dearly for her folly.
Mrs. Jennie. Close Accuses Woman qt
Stealing Husband -and Tries -to.
Wreck 'Lattcr's Store.
BREAKS SnOW ; WINDOWS
"IX SPIRIT OF REVENGE
pealed.
The Iron Trades Council of this city
has. received advices from Stockton to
the effect that thirty-five union black
smiths of that city have been locked
out by prominent firms. The council
will confer with the firms with the ob
ject of reinstating the men and If they
cannot accomplish the result In this
way a strike may result.
A new law has been recently passed
by the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters requiring that every man
that holds an office in any branch of
the Teamsters' Union must be a work
ing member. This means that if th.2
new law is put into effect In this city
Michael Casey, president of the local
teamsters' .organization, will have to
resign, as he is no longer a working
teamster, but a political office holder."
The local teamsters are opposed .to
this new law and all of them are loyal
to Casey and want him to remain as
head of the organization. They will de
fer action tHUnext July, when the in
ternational . brotherhood holds another
session. Five delegates will be . sent
from the nnion in this city and they
will endeavor to have the new law re-
Xew Law 'Is -Passed Requiring That
Every Officer Be a Working Mem
ber of Ills Organization.
CASEY MAY SOON' HAVE TO
RESIGN" OFFICE IX UXIOX
Mrs. Louis Mervin llaus, wife of
Colonel Maus, delivered a most inter
esting lecture in the First Presbyterian
Church Sunday school room last^night
on the Philippines, China and Japan.
Mrs. Maus,. was aided by remarkably
interesting stereopticon views consist-
Ing of pictures taken by herself and
soldiers of the United States army.
Many, new things were told about the
Philippine Islands. The material bet
terment of the Filipinos under the
beneficent rule of the United States,
the advancement in gducatipn and the
growth of the Presbyterian church In
the Philippines and army were de
scriptively told.
Pictures of grand old churches and
pictures of the native huts proved a
strong contrast and stories of the new
civilization were applauded.
Mrs. Maus showed views of Peking
and of the throne room of the Empress
of China and gave a most pleasant
glimpse Into the country of the Mikado.
At the conclusion of the lecture Mrs.
Maus was the recipient of hearty ap
plause and a vote of thanks for the
very fine and instructive illustrations
of the three countries.
The lantern was directed by J. F.
Leicester, who made a speech In
behalf of tMfe Filipino children, who
were, he said, eager to learn and took
advantage of the opportunities offered
them. He therefore asked the con
tinued support of members of the Pres
byterian church for a cause which he
said would In after years prove a bless
ing to the recipients of its bounty.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Marguerite Hunt from Ar
chibald Hunt for desertion, Maria Trol
ler from Herman Trpller for cruelty,
Ellas Lubronz from Annie Lubronz for
desertion. Myrtle B. Powenj from
Henry D. Powers for cruelty and Daisy
E. Moore from Harry J. Moore for de
sertion.
Hugh S. Carpenter, manager of the
Alameda branch offices of the Pacific
States and Sunset Telephone Com
panies. Is being sued for divorce by
Ruth F. Carpenter, to whom he was
mart-led at Alameda In 1894. She
charges that since 1896 he has been a
brutal husband, alleging that he has
frequently^ struck her and cursed her
and that he once flourished a pistol In
her face. She also says that he "has
maliciously lied about her. Mrs. Car
penter's maiden name is Seymour and
she asks for a divorce, permission to
resume it and 550 a month alimony.
Robert Jones wants a divorce from
Nellie Jones on the ground of deser
tion, alleging in his complaint that
she left him without any cause or rea
son just three months after she be
came his wife. They .were married
in September of last year. Desertion
Is also alleged in' the suit for divorce
brought by Meta Lages against C.
Lages. Infidenity is the ground upon
which David Truff elli is suing Jennie
Truffelli. John F. Brigman. better
known as J. \V. Critesj the jockey, is
the defendant in the divorce suit
brought by Hattie M. Brigman. to
whom he was married at San Rafael in
November of last year. She charges
neglect. Ethel -J. Robinson, who wag
married to Oliver P. Robinson at Reno
in April, 1S02, is seeking a divorce for
cruelty.
Harry E. Noland. defendant in a suit
for divorce brought by Hattie A. No
land, ha^s led a very strenuous exist
ence for the last three years. If the
allegations made by him In his cross
complaint are to be believed. He says
that from the unlucky day in Febru
ary, 1900, when he, a mere lad of 18,
succumbed to the blandishments of
Hattie. who, he says, is many years
hig senior, and consented to become
her husband, his peaceful moments
have been few and far between. It was
all her fault, too, says Harry, notwith
standing that his wife, in her com
plaint, alleges that he has been a cruel
and brutal spouse. He denies all her
charges and says that at various times
during the last three years she has
amused herself at his expense by pull
ing his whiskers, punching him In the
eye, cursing him. hurling beer bottles
at him and otherwise behaving In a
manner that gave him sorrow, pain
and a feeling of disappointment and
misery. Her principal amusement, he
says, was throwing her footwear at
him. He charges that when he least
expected It she would puLL from her
feet her shoe or slipper and hurl it at
him with great violence and "deadly
accuracy." He winds up his tale by
asking for a divorce and the custody
of their two children, a boy and a
girl.
Herman Hermensen of the Goodfel-
Icw's Grotto also resigned from the
association because he could not agree
to certain demands made by that body.
In an interview last evening he
etated that he intended to open his
business as quickly as he could. He
would employ union and . non-union
help and pay union wages. He further
stated that he would offer employment
to the men and women who have al
ready worked for him. He Eays he
does not court a boycott, but if there
is to be one. he will stand it.
M. Johnson, who had been chairman
of the executive committee of the as
sociation, and who bore the brunt of
the attack during the present struggle,
favored the "open house," and declared
Y.f- would not sign the agreement un
less he and his fellow members were
granted that privilege. The majority
of the association was opposed to Mr.
Johnson and he immediately resigned
from the association. He appealed to
the members to accept his resignation,
otherwise they might have to expel
him for not abiding by the will of
the majority. A vote was taken and
•he members refused to accept the res
:gr.ation. Upon reconsideration, how
ever, it was accented and Mr. Johnson
retired.
Immediately upon receipt of the let
ter a special meeting of the associa
tion was tailed and the agreement al
luded to was taken up and discussed.
A committee consisting of Max Wiesen
hutter, I. Cuensn. E. Hesse and J. J.
Olson was appointed by the association
to meet with committees from the
¦Waiters' and Cooks' unions.
The first objection the members of
the association had was the entrance
into an agreement with Cooks'
Union. .No. 110. The second objection
was to the •'walking delegate." The
association is opposed to the "walking
delegate" coming into the places of its
members and creating trouble. Prob
? bljr the most serious objection is to
that portion of the agreement which
relates to "closed houses."
This specifies that the restaurants
must employ union men and women
and provides for their wages and hours
of work. Various members argued
that the restaurants of this city were
entitled to an "open house" agreement.
This entitles them to employ union and
non-union help. Such places as Zln
kands, Techau's, the Louvre and the
Grotto are permitted to employ union
and non-union help. There seemed to
be a willingness on the part of some of
the members to accede to the demands
of the unions and have "closed houses."
JOHXSOX RESIGNS.
Further, that the Restaurant Keepers'- Asso
ciation ehall take up the consideration of the
r.ew agreement with the union* for the year
1W4 not later then Dec-ember 36. 1903. We
have appointed our committee and await your
imn-.ediate reply
OUMON T. X. LEDWITH. President.
MKCTING IS CALLED.
As was stated in the Call yesterday,
the lockout brought about by the
Restaurant Keer>ers' Association is no
longer in effect. As quickly as the eat
ing houses that have been closed can
open their places for business, they will
do so. The meeting of committees
from the association and the unions
Monday night aided materially in part
ly bringing about a settlement of the
differences between the proprietors and
their help.
The following letter was sent to the
association yesterday and is self
explanatory:
To the Restaurant Keeperts' Association — Dear
F!r»- W> agrw that we will replace as far a*
possito!* the crews of the Central restaurant and
the TlvoU cafe, provided that a!l Restaurant
Keepers' Association houFe* will open up Ef
union houses. Any restaurant opening up as a
ncn-unlon or En oren-fhop hou«e will net be
protected by the Restaurant Keepers' Assocta
t.on.
The man is described as being tall
and slightly built. He wore a black
suit.
Miss Morris almost collapsed and it
was some time before she regained her
strength sufficiently to be able to pro
ceed on her \\*ay.
Speaking of the outrage, committed
on one of the city's most frequented
streets, Miss Morris said to a repre
sentative of the v fcall:
"I was on my 'way to see some mem
bers of my family and chose Van Ness
avenue, thinking that It was perfectly
safe. I cannot explain the terror that
seized me^ when the man grasped me,
and when he* murmured something I
could not make out and followed that
up with a threat to smash me to the
ground I feared for my life. It Is well
I had the presence of mind left me to
scream or there is no telling what my
fate would have been.
r "I never saw the man before. His ac
tions would indicate that he was a
madman. It is terrible that such an
outrage should happen in the city and
especially on a thoroughfare as public
as Van Ness Avenue." ,
The shrieks of a young girl and the
threats of a desperate man drew the
attention of pedestrians on Van Ness
avenue last night, and only the timely
arrival of assistance saved a young
woman from possible serious injury at
the. hands of an unknown ruffian.
Miss Lorette Morris, 17 years of age.
left 2334 Franklin street, where she had
been engaged as a domestic, to visit
some members of her family on Gcragh
street about 7:30 o'clock. She turned
into Van Ness avenue, .thinking that
she would be more secure .walking
alone on that thoroughfare than if she
had gone on the. more lonely street.
On reaching Sutter street Miss Morris
noticed some one following her. ' Im
mediately opposite St. Dunstan's a
man grabbed her by the shoulder and,
turning round, Miss Morris saw that
she was. in the clutch of a desperate
looking man. He murmured a few
words and bending over the terrified
girl said: "I will smash you to the
ground." ;
Miss Morris screamed for aid and
on the approach of a man who was at
tracted by the screams the girl's as
sailant ran swiftly across the street
and disappeared down Walnut avenue.
I Mrs. Clarke stated yesterday that the
! reason she had her marriage license
sent tp McLaughlin's offices -was that
she did not desire that her husband
: should get control of the document,
j which he might have had if the license
! had been mailed to the Lick House.
L Mrs. Clarke was obliged to borrow a
: small sum of money yesterday from a
friend. She stated yesterday that s«he
would take legal steps to compel
Clarke to support her and that she
would find the means to get competent
i legal aid.
At that time she informed her friend
that "Dr." McLaughlin had secured all
her money and that she was practically
without means.
In July last the "Sweet Pea Girl"
went East with "Dr." McLaughlin and
it is claimed that the woman paid the
expenses of the trip. They returned to
this city anJ for the last few months
she has been seen constantly with Mc-
Laughlin. A few nights ago she spoke
to a friend and told him that Mc-
Laughlin seemed to exert a strange in
fluence over her and that she coyld not
get away from his seeming hypnotic
power.
Mrs. Bower, or the "Sweet Pea Girl,"
was warned by some friends not tj
have anything to do with McLaughlin,
but she ignored the warnings. The
woman's friends say that McLaughlin
benefited to a great extent financially
on account of his friendship with Mrs.
Bower, or Mrs. Clarke, as she now is.
\VEXT WITH McLAUGHLIX.
"Dr." McLaughlin first met the
"Sweet Pea Girl" when she returned
from Nome with considerable means.
McLaughlin is known to the police and
detective agencies of many cities, who
have investigated his record.
Clarke and his friends then left the
apartment and proceeded uptown to an
apartment-house, where every care
was taken to keep him secluded from
inquiry.
Through the scandal that has .at
tached to Clarke's sudden wedding to
the "Sweet Pea Girl" it has developed
that "Dr." Ivan McLaughlin, to whose
offices in the Starr-King building Mrs.
Clarke requested that her marriage
certificate be sent by the minister who
married the couple, is the very intimate
friend of Mrs. Clarke.
"I have no money whatever," said
Mrs. Clarke, and the tears glistened In
her eyes as she faced her husband.
"That is none of my business," re
plied Clarke, "and I don't want to have
anything more to do with you." .
E. K. Clarke, the well-known club
man whese sensational midnight mar
riage last Saturday to Mrs. Rosalind
Bower, the "Sweet Pea Girl," who fig
ured in the trial of Durrant, the noto
rious murderer, yesterday informed his
bride of a few days that he no longer
desired to have anything to do with
her.
The scene took place at the Lick
House, where Clarke and his fvife re
paired after their wedding. Clarke's
relatives, who succeeded in getting
him away from his wife on Monday,
kept him secluded at an uptown hotel
until yesterday.
Shortly before noon yesterday
Clarke, with his brother-in-law and an
attorney, visited the rooms at the Lick
House, where Mrs. Clarke received
them.
"We have called for the rest of Mr.
Clarke's effects," said the attorney. *
"If he wants them," replied Mrs.
Clarke, "let him ask me for -them. I
decline to deal with you."
"Yes." said Clarke to his bride, "I
want the rest of my things."
"Well, here they are," answered his
wife, and she scornfully placed some of.
her husband's clothes on a table.
LEAVES WIFE PENNILESS.
The target practice at the Presidio
was interfered with yesterday by the
hazy weather, and after a little firing
from the mortar batteries it was de
cided to discontinue the work until to
day, in tha hope that the weather
might clear away sufficiently to enable
the gunners to get fair aim at the tar-
The Fifteenth Infantry crossed bats
yesterday afternoon with the Ninth
Cavalry, the former" winning. Score,
IT to 5. The game was spirited and
was witnessed by about 1000 people,
among whom were the officers of the
post, many enlisted men and a lot of
people from town. To-day the Fif
teenth Infantry will play the . Thir
teenth Infantry on the lower parade
ground. To-morrow, in all probability,
the Fifteenth will have a chance to
show its dexterity witti the crack Pre
sidio team. v .¦ .
Among those who arrived from the
Philippines yesterday and who are
now on the sick list in the United
States General Hospital are Captain
David E. "SV. Lyle and Captain W. C.
Rogers, both of the Twenty-fourth In-
I'antry, and James M. Lawrence, an
army veterinary surgeon.
BASEBALL GAMES.
Captain O'Connell was the first man
with his company to land in Cuba, ro
ing with the famous Gussie expedition.
He landed in the presence of a regi
ment of Spaniards with his little band
of fifty men. The object of the daring
act — the landing of the Cuban officers —
was successfully accomplished. His
little band drew the first Spanish blood
in that war, killing the commanding
officer of the Spanish troops and sev
eral of his men, and embarked on board
the Gussie without losing a man.
After that action Captain O'Connell
landed in Cuba with General Shafter's
Fifth Corps and on July 1 partici
pated in the battle of El Caney. The
same day his son, Lieutenant O'Con
nell, was engaged In the battle of San
Juan. Lieutenant O'Connell is now
Ccptain O'Connell of this city, and nas
neen active service in the Philippine
Islands. After his return from Cuba
Captain O'Connell was promoted to be
colonel of the Thirtieth Infantry. He
is very glad to be back in San Fran
cisco to meet his old friends of many
vears' standing.
" Colonel O'Connell, as a captain,
! marched out of the Presidio on April
'¦¦¦ 22. 1S98, to go to Cuba. San Francisco
; turned out to do the First Infantry
honor, for it regarded the First as a
; California regiment, it having been sta
j tioned in this city for about fourteen
' years under General Shafter.
Van Ness avenue and Market street
; were literally strewn with flowers for
this regiment, the oldest in the United
, States service.
FIKST ON* CUBAX SOIL.
The day was one of the most cheer
, less of the season and everything about
| the camp was black and drear, with a
heavy mist falling- to add to the gen
i eral discomfort of landing. Both of
| firers and men were in their khaki
; suits, and they: first attention on arrival
; was given to the building of fires in
j the tents and general precautions to.
I protect the men from the cold blasts
' of the winter day— in such distinct va
, riance with the warm and balmy cli
: mate they had just parted from.
Colonel J. J. O'Connell, the command
j ing officer of the Thirtieth, reports a
' fair trip and said his regiment was in
perfect condition, which statement was
; entirely upheld by the appearance of
j the men. Colonel O'Connell is
j well known to the people of San
j Francisco, having served here in the
I First Infantry, the old regiment of
• General Shatter, for about fourteen
| years. He is well known to the Na-
I tional Guard of the State, having been
I its inspector for several years. He
i has many warm friends in San Fran
i cisco and throughout California.
The Thirtieth Infantry is now com
j fcrtably installed in Model Camp at the
| Presidio, which is unquestionably one
j of the best arranged of any of the tem
1 porary camps in the country. It was
in perfect condition to receive the men,
' and they all seemed grreatly pleased
j v.ith the quarters assigrned to them. It
j will probably be a week or more before
I the different companies of the regiment
j will be ready to go to the different
; posts to which they have been as
: signed. In the meantime they will be
j fully equipped with uniforms suitable
I to the rigorous climate into which they
; are going. They had a good taste of
| bad weather yesterday though.
Views of Grand Old Churches
and Quaint Little Hilts
3Iake a Strange Contrast
Committees From Both Sides
to Meet and Make Effort to
Brin? About a Settlement
Other Unhappy Spouses Seek
; Disunion, and Some Arc
. Made Happy With Decrees
Heavv Fog That Obscures Sea
! Practice With Big- Guns on
the Bluff Is Prevented bv
"Sweet Pea Girl*' Declares-That
"Dr." Ivan McLaughlin Se
cured All the Money She Had
Desperado Escapes in Darkness
and His Frightened Victim
Almost Collapses on Street
SHOWS -VIVID PICTURES
WOMAN IS LEFT PENNILESS
HER SCREAMS BRING AID
EATING HOUSES OPEN UP
MARRIES AT EIGHTEEN
! COLONEL O'CONXELL BACK
Resigns From the Restaurant
Keepers' Association and
Will Xot Sign Agreement
Harry E. Noland, in Divorce
Cross-Complaint, Says AVifc
Hurled Footwear at Him
| Infantry Regiment Just Ar
« rivjpd From Philippines Finds
Model Camp a Pleasant Home
Miss Loretta Morris Grabbed
\ and Threatened by Prowling
Stranger on A'an Ness Avenue
3Irs. 3fans Gives Interest
ing: • Account of the JProg
ress of the Natives of Islands
Clubman Calls on His Bride
to Get His Clothing, but
Refuses to Give Her Any Aid
JOHNSON WILL
FIGHT UNIONS
COMFORT GIVEN
THE THIRTIETH
FILIPINO SEES
GOOD IN STUDY
CLARKE'S WIFE
WITHOUT FUNDS
WOES ASSAIL
BOY HUSBAND
DESPERATE MAN
TERRIFIES GIRL
V THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.v WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER; 16, 1905.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CARVING SETS
m in. it | 'SSS**' hT " " 1 "~- ...
ft zi. ¦ Aas&gigi^g^^ - -^\ s
Fop Christmas
I've »orne t>eauUful and high-class earv-
?t», many at low prlteee. all at reasonable
ftrurw . Many have eterllnr silver raount-
:ri-.«-.n set* ef three pieces in handsome
My prices $150, $3.25, HW to #.00.
I've tome rpeclaliy pood, lines In holiday
.cutlery, fuch as Scissors, Pocket-Knives
f.\ Razors.
' MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLT FILLED.
THAT MAN- PITTS
(7. W. PITTS)
. 1008 Market Street /^
Abore PoveU St. - Stn Fraaclsco.
A I? V K RTTRTCTH r! N T!?.
DO NOT WEAR A LONG FACE.
It Is a Great Handicap In All Busi-
ness ana Social Relations.
The man -who looks as if he had lost
his last friend is In no danger of being
crushed by the jam of new onss un-
less he "cheers up." People are not
going out of their way nowadays to
associate with the man of mournful and
melancholy appearance. They are
afraid he will tell them his troubles
and they steer clear of him, as they all
have plenty of their own.
The most universal cause of the for-
lorn and hopeless appearance to-day Is
dyspepsia. - It unfits a man for every
duty of life and causes him to become
despondent and gloomy and necessarily
his looks do- not belie his feelings. He (
appears cast down and dejected -and
becomes a burden to himself and hu-
manity In general.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
dyspeptic's certain relief. They do the
work that his stomach Is unai>le to
do and by relieving that organ of its
burdens permit it to regain its health
and strength and again become active
and useful In its functions. They con-
tain all the essential ingredients that
enter into the digestive fluids and se-
cretions of the stomach and they act-
ually take ud the work and do it just
as a healthy, sound stomach would.
By this means a man can go right
ahead with h!s work and eat enough
to keep him in proper working condi-
tion. His system is not deprived of
its necessary nourishment as it is in
the case of the "starvation cure" or
the employment of some of the first
class chicken foods now on the market.
Starvation, even if it were a good thing-,
could not be continued long enough to
effect a cure: for a disordered and
worn out stomach is not going to be-
come strong and healthy in two or
I three davs.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act nat-
j urally because they contain natural di-
gestives. The principal component
parts are aseptic pepsin, malt diastase
and other ingredients with like proper-
j ties that do the work regardless of the
condition of the stomach. There Is no
unnatural or violent disturbance of the
digestive organs as the result of their
action. In fact, the existence of the
stomach is entirely forgotten as soon
i as they have had time to begin their
! operations. They also possess very ,
[ curative and healing properties and as-
I slst the stomach in getting well, while
relieving it of its work. They perform
the duties of both nurse and physician.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
and there is very little danger of any
druggist trying to sell you something
else in Its place that is "Just as good."
They are so well established and have
done so much good in the world that
their name has become a household
word: so the usual warning. "Accept
no substitute." is unnecessary in the
case of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
_ _ j —m
-. OCEAN- TBAVEL.
'' >rfl5"?* l V Steamers leave. Saa Fran-
/£^S 6 -<fi^ cisco as follows:
/&£ _ Nu\ For Ketchikan. "Wrange!.
Kf ICCGtt x -*\ Jur.eau. Halnn, Skafpjay,
1 I I \Va5l. 1 etc-. Ala«ka— U a. m.. Doc.
I I I YfaficV / 1T - "• -"• Jan - -¦ c * a "S'»
\ V*\ \\ ' " yfil *o company's steamers at
1 >3£fS»v>'^ For Victoria, Vancouver,
[¦'.¦vN Pert Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, -Whatcom — U a. m., D«c. 17.
22. 27. Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry. : at
Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. Ky.: at Vancouver
to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Dec. IS. 24. CO. Jan. 5; Corona, 1:30 p.
m.. Dec. 21, 27, Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anseles and
Redondo). San pieco and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdayi. 9 a. tn.
For Los Angeles .via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cni2. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 8 a. m.. Dec. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Dee. 23. 31, Jan. 8.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La. Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail.
I In; dates.
TICKET OFFICES — * New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. vD. DCNAN'N. General Passenger Agent, •
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. 6t N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Dec; 19. 29, Jan. 8. 13.
28. Feb. Vand 17. "George W. Elder" sails
Dec. 14. J4. Jan. 3. 13. 23. Feb. 2 and 12.
Only steamship line to PORTLAXD. OR., and
short ¦ rail line from Portland to all points
! East. Through tickets to all points, all rail
I or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets include- berth and meal.*. .
Steamer sails foot of Spear st.. at 11 a. m. S.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Amt. Pass Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery «t- ¦ . •
TOYQ KISEJ^ KAtSHA,
fORIEXTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf corner First and
Brannan streets at Id. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HOXGKOXG. calllns; at Kobe. (HlcgoK
Xagasakl and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hoegkontr with steamers for India, etc. N'i
rarvo received en board on day of saillmc.
S. S. XIPPOX MARIT (calling at Manila)
¦ Wednesday. December 3i>. 1903
S. S AMERICA MARTT
Monday January 23. 19O4
S. S. HOXGKOXG MART? . . ." . -
O./0S-. Wednesday. February 17, 1W4. .
Via, Honolulu. Ronn<i-trij» tickets at reduced
rates. -For freight and passage apply at Com-^
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.,
W. R. AVERT. General Agent. *
, _ .
VVVUUivwwvv* 0IKCI uu w MMITfc
8 ; S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Oec.19.1! a.m.
S*"'S SIERRA., for Honolulu. Pamoa,. Audi-,
"lan'd'and. Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 31. 2 p. .m'.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for< Tahiti. Jan. , «. 1X4..,.
C0M719KIS SKSKHALS TRAN3AT1A5TI33S,
DIRECT LIXE TOi HAVRE- PARIS.
SaliicK every Thursday Instead of «B5»i*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.-. from Pter 42, •¦>"¦¦» ,
Xonh River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havr«. *7O and upward. 9<m- .
ond clas» to Havre. f43 and '.upward. GEX-'
ERAL AGEXCT FOR UNITED STATES AX.D
CAXADA, S2 v Broadway «Hud3on Building),
Xew Ycrk. J. F. FUGAZI it CO.. Pacific Ccast
ARf-nts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.*
Tickets sold by all : Railroad Ticket Age-ma.
Mare lalaad *nd Vallojo Steamtn.
Steamer GEX. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
P-43 a.vn.. 3:15 and 8:3O p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. ra., 3:30 p.' tn. Leave VaJleJo, '
;». m.. 12:30 and •¦p/.m.i w. '.Sunday. Sun--
day 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 30 cents Tel.
Main IZOS. Iter 2. MIssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. • '•'"¦¦-' \
WEEKLY. CALL
16 Pages. SlpcpYcaP
ADVEBT1SEMENTS.
japPr "fiBSwmflBBrfflHy^^jj^^ jral 88 rof BB PH 111 Ufa 11 i'1
fcgj"* ¦JESffinggjg^^gg^gjjyjgys^ 1 wk SaBXlSm la fs&S K a TgrrTi-.Bifl r -*t fesK. \S^ MrSr « f
raaS>Jb^/' .''v%*.. - :' YSjww I an exceptionally large number of fine pia- B
'P^pp^B^lA i '""I- '" " 'Si : -\kshLi I «H nos at g rcat b' reduced prices. Part of these j I
ff™™™™^ *| '"'^ 1^ instruments are those secured from the i I
HB^|[^SBf^>^7^^7^^ffi'?^| VJj li Paige Piano Company, which we are offer- [ j
I^isfs^-'V * 'A'P." k'^wg^^ « * n £ at tt; ' e over a^ P r ' cc ' aiK * tnc balance r I
mPiS^' * *< /k' \' A *V w^k| are several carloads of pianos secured at 1 1
WM^M^y^T' •'•''* 'Jtl jLP.-.>*Sb1s \ low prices by our buyers. Added to this, H
Bgj^^ ' -^ i->rr^r \^^ZS^ \ our regular stock of Knabe. Fischer, Ho- LI
W^^um^gs^LM^S^^^^^^^S^^^ * k art M. Cable, Kohler & Chase and Kohler I !
- %?i& &¦ Campbell pianos'* is by long odds the.ri
«B||ffil»%iffiHn'i |5|^5|Sm55p^" W .' | largest in the West, and the pianos are the | |
BMii|W||iSf^y^^^W^^ i I • I leaders in their respective grades. They I j
f^^^;^^S;(^'i^7^v|^i^?1 I . / j I are the instruments with which Kohler' & I]
I 'v"i^ "l?t'!f ¦&*:'$* ''''• w A Ml E Chase have built up the largest piano trade ¥3
? -»SS^a^*^ | M Ml ell on ie Coast, and which have enabled us to 9
r^BSamwlSi^CT^^^^ iff Mi Jr hold more than our share of the public's patron- it
l^tt^j^^^^SSnBra^^^ BF iaf M MS age. We charge no more for a good piano than I ]
mm &r § W sensational firms would ask you. for an unknown I |
?S^^ -^''"^^^Sj^SfflNjw. WL W S & make, and our famofis easy-payment plan is the If
w^^j^^^^M^^^f'^rfzhf^^P^^Sm^Jg m 3 C5t yet ev ' se^* e were tnc originators of the M
W^U^i^i^i^f^^^ii^^^'^l^tf IPfflf ''M ' S ' monthly- installment business and no other house ¦ S
V-- < J''JV ''-" : '- v^" :^'BwafflLjy eg can'offer the advantages which the customer can I
p^4«i^HHilr*ffl^wCT^^HHBBMB[^ E§ obtain from us. /Ask our clerks to explain the f\
ra . W p!an to you " Sei6 ttlc new T P r 'S hts at $ ! 45 and I J
|i Sole Agents for the .Pianola. <3 Or . p O st atldKearny Streets. EsUbllahed 1850. H
H3 •' The bustn««* of Kohler & Chase largely exceed a in volume and value that of any other musical establishment w<st of Chicago. g|Tjrig SAN r-fS&U&i&0&' : :CAj^lJ.
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor •• . . . ... . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <t^^^> ••-••:••• Third and Market Streets, S. F.
•...¦.,...:•;./...::¦....:¦.•.:.......¦.....¦¦;; .- ••>••• ./.•;.. . r ...... -December • i& 1903
Special information supplied dally to
busings houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A gentleman,' misnamed Lively, killed .himself with
embalming fluid, the other day in St. Louis. Why is it
that .fortune will play such tricks with a fellow's name
and i: his disposition?" It seems that the unfortunate sui
cide sought, since he could not be quick', "to. 'make his
body/permanently dead. .
It is time to express Townsend's Glaca
Fruits East for Christina* now. ' •
¦ * ¦ Ci
Townsend's California g-lace fruits an3»
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
The Minister of Public Instruction In
France has taken the lead of , all the
¦world In measures for the prevention
of. consumption In the schools. A now
law requires -that, an examination of
every pupil shall be made once in three
months, and the height, the weight, the
chest measure and the general physical
Wise Sanitary Laws.
With a purpose- possibly of lending variety to peniten
tiary/life trie convicts of Oregon's State prison poisoned
several pf/the guards a few days ago. From an artistic
viewpoint this: scheme ,of the jailbirds must be con
demned.,'*ItJ. possesses two distinct disadvantages to the
plan , adopted" . by our Folsom incorrigibles..' It is not
spectacular and none of the. convicts got away.
GencraJ MacArthur has' been added to the long, in
glorious list of American officers who have permitted
tHeir' mouths to. get the better of their discretion. It ap
pears; altogether, clear that too much of tongue practice
and too little of. gun practice has constituted an im
portant part of the education of: our men of war..
An Eastern paper says that under the
old age pension law of New Zealand,
a person to rdraw a pension must be
65 years of age, and must have resided
In New Zealand'for the previous twen
ty-five years; must not have been Im
prisoned for a period of four months
during the last twelve years for any
offense punishable by imprisonment for
one year, and must have led a sober
and respectable life for the previous five
years. His yearly income must not ex
ceed J260, or his net capital $1330. and
he must not have, deprived himself of
property or income to- qualify for a pen
sion. The full amount. of the pension
is J90 a year, payable monthly.
Now we wonder If the New Zealand
treasury will stand the Strain of such
munificence.
Restricted Generosity.
WILLIAM TELL— C. H. P.. City. Ac
cording to Swiss legend, there was such
a man as William Tell, who shot An
apple from the head of his son.
This was generally accepted as histor
ical fact, but research proves that it
"was only a legend, corrymon among the
Aryan races, found with all Its prin
cipal features in the works of the Per
sian poet, Farid Udden Allar; in the
Icelandic Thldreksaga: in the works of
the Danish historian. Saxo Grammati
cus," and others, and only modified to
meet Swiss circumstances. It has been
proved further, especially by Rochholz.
that Gessler, too. Is the product of some
Imagination, and that a bailiff of that*
name did not exist at the time Tell Is
said to have lived. Professor Kopp of
Lucerne. In 1872. proved the story to b«
mythical. The time when Tell was said
to have shot the apple from the head
of his son was in 1307.
The exercises are all melodious, and are
interspersed with little "pieces," al
most from the beginning of the book,
which will make It possible for the
pupil to please and entertain his listen
ers, in a simple and unassuming way,
from the very start.
The first thing he must learn in or
der to know how to ncadis the "staff."
Take a piece of paper and with a pencil
draw five lines on it. Now add the
sign of the upper clef (called violin
clef) and explain to him that the sign
means that the piece, or study, as the
case may be, is designed to be played
on the upper half of the piano— that Is,
above "middle C," and Is ordinarily
given to the right hand. Until the
pupil becomes accustomed to the upper
clef and is thoroughly familhar with It
do not attempt to teach him the lower,
or baes clef. All his firet exercises and
pieces are intended to be played in the
upper clef, with both hands.
Now draw middle C, according to the
accompanying Illustration, ai.d explain
to the pupil that the note thus drawn,
and the middle C that he has come to
regard as an old friend, and from which
all his scales and exercises start*, are
exactly the same thing.
Now then let the boy draw ths five
lines, put the clef sign at the left side
of the lines and the" "middle C" under
them, copying yours, as ne does so, to
the best of his ability.
When this Is done he nas made a
"sta.fl," and must look !n the beginning
of his ••Practical Method" to see IX he
HAROw-W. T. F., City. "To cry out
"haro* to any one" is an old English
term, used to denounce the misdeeds .
of an individual. "Ha rou" was thf^l
ancient Norman hue and cry and was
the exclamation by those who wanted
assistance when their person or prop
erty was in danger. The cry was sim
ilar to the cry of "police" of the pres
ent day.
The Arcata Union discerns the fact that While boys
are getting opportunities to be taught agriculture and
horticulture at the expense of the- State it is of not less
importance that the girls "should have special training
in the affairs, of 'the household. It is desirable that- all
girls should be educated, but household affairs shouldlbe
a part of that education." ' . . * •'
The Chico Record takes high scnopl boys to task who
create unnecessary disturbances in hotels while they are
touring with competing football elevens representative' of
their institutions of learning. Under such circumstances
the youth are naturally hilarious, but the Record would
have them respect the rights of others, Which is surely
also a part of the education of. the good citizen. "There
are some boys," says the Record, -'who when they are
out of sight of the people they know think it is smart to
take on a few glasses of liquor, not that they want- it,
but because they simply want to sport. Frequently a
representative of a high school becomes intoxicated."
The 'Record warns such boys to consider "the good 'name
of their school." • , " -•¦\ : : ;~
.; The. San^ Bernardino ...Times, Index tells boys and girls
editorially of the good that comes of respecting parents.
The good example of a man who made. a confidant; of, his
son and who was regarded by the lad as the^ embodiment
of wisdom and' disinterestedness is quoted and the ¦editor
writes: "The death of his parents wrung "the heart of this
AS no one will dispute the theory that godd citizen
ship is essential to the welfare of the State and
that the inculcation of high ideals for the direc
tion of conduct is a.public-duty as regard.- the rising gen
eration, it is of interest .to sec. that newspapers published
in^interior counties in California are much
space to good advice to those who will 'soon be at the
head of affairs .in this commonwealth. This trend, is
evident ffom the north to the south and from the east to
the western boundary of California.
JOURNALISTIC MORALISTS.
WOMAN'S RIGHT— I. S.. Redding.
Cal. ' A single woman who has entered
public lands under tfie United States
land laws does not forfeit her home
•stead entry by marriage if thereafter
she continues to comply with the law
as to residence, improvements and cul
tivation.
The State Board of Trade has started a campaign for
the advertisement of the natural resources of California
in which each county is asked simply to display what is
best in it and to co-operate in a plan in which it will be
the- gainer. Any county so blind to its.own prosperity
and so stupid. to the possibilities of co-operative gain de
serves to lose if it refuse such an offer of organized
assistance. . . .' : ;
L.O.S ANGELES has been so uniformly successful in
doing her own booming, and has" among her citi
, . zens so many men who are adepts and enthusiasts
in the art, that her people arc doubtless indifferent to
assistance in that line from the outside, and consequently
may not fully appreciate* the boom that has been given to
them as something in the way of a Christmas gift by
the establishment there of another daily journal of first
class rank. Nevertheless, the appearance' of the Los
Angeles Examiner is a matter of considerable moment
to the southern metropolis and will have a potent in
fluence in increasing its prestige throughout the Union.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist as to the
political adventures of Mr 4 Hearst and his various views
on how to, solve the problems of sociology, there can be
but one' estimate of his ability "to publish a newspaper
that pleases certain elements of the people, and to .that
extent supplies a public need. By his new venture. he fur
nishes Lbs Angeles with a type of journalism it has -lever
had' before, one whose appearance will undoubtedly spur
.the existing journal^ of the city to new efforts and new
enterprises. The city will be the gainer, therefore, in a
double measure.-. It 'is to be hoped the rivalry will never
go beyond the true; limits of journalistic competition, nor
need it ever do so, for the field is big enough for all.
Los A»geles is tp-bc congratulated y
A BOOM FOR LOS ANGELES.
A VOLUME— X. T. Z.. Sebastopol,
Cal. As a rule, a volume of a maga
zine is made up of six numbers: semi
and weekly papers generally contain a
year's issue in a volume and dally pa
pers from three to six months' issue,
according to the size of the publication.
Answers to Queries.
A woman of this city, variously accomplished and sin
gularly versatile in her efforts to murder specimens of
the opposite sex, has failed to prove her insanity and will
be sent to prison for perforating an unfortunate ac
quaintance of hers. This is wise. There are some habits
of the fair sex which even our courts cannot in conscience
afford to encourage. l
At this point it will be well for him
to learn that the number of beats to
be counted a measure are to be found
by reading the sign at the extreme left
of the stanT— and that the sign for four
counts is either 4-4 (called • four-four
time), or C (called common time).
These two signs mean the same thing
exactly, "common time" being simply
an older form of "four-four time."
"Three-four" time is indicated by the
fraction %. and means that only three
counts are to be gi?en to each meas
ure. '
When all this has been made perfectr
ly plain to the child he will easily be
able to read the simple little pieces
and exercises on the first few pages of
his exercise bock.
Take the first one and let him study
it, measure by measure, then two or
three measures at a time, being care
ful that ne does not neglect the posi
tion of his fingers, wrists or arms in
the excitement of playing "real mu
sic".
Watch his relaxing, too, lest his mus
cles tiehten; for now' is a critical mo
ment, and the pupil must learn to ap
ply his technique at once, if we are to
keep his touch sweet and clear. .,
Make him relax after each continued
effort, and do not foi'get to apply the
"circle motion'' at frequent Intervals. •
When he can play his first title theme
correctly — that is, without one mistake
— without tightening,, his muscles, rais-,
ing his fingers quickly each time, as in
his -scale, and causing; the keys to emit
a sweet, melodious -sound, he " must'
memorize the little piece or exercise, as
the case may be. . :
strike it when we say "one/; and hold
it down until we have said "four."
Show him plenty of whole notes, so
that he may fix them in his mind, and
then show him a half note, explaining
that it is only to be held half as long
as a who!e note, and that therefore
there are two half notes in a measure
where one counts four beats— that Is,
two counts to a note. Show him the
distinguishing mark of the half notes—
the vertical line, called the stem, at the
side of the note — and the*n when he has
become able to pick out the half notes
on a page show him a quarter note.
Tell him that the difference in looks
between a half note and the quarter
note is that the quarter note 'is black,
being filled up inside, while the half
note is hollow. Both have the stem,
as do all notes but the whole note.
Now tell him that there are four
quarter. notes in a measure- where one
counts four beats— one to each count.
Make him draw a staff long enough
to hold several measures, then let him
fill these measures with different
groups of half notes, quarter notes and
whole notes, always being sure that he
understands perfectly the properties of
each and allows the proper number of
counts to each measure. If he puts one
half note into a measure he must fllV
the measure out with two quarter notes
or another half note, and so on.
A keen nature observer on the staff
of the Boston Transcript has given out
some interesting aquarium notes.
Is one which shows that behind the dull
fish eye there lies a warm paternal fire:
• "The little stickleback, which is one
of the most pugnacious fishes although
one of the smallest at the Aquarium,
shows a degree of intelligence that is
remarkable. Uke the bass, the male
fish builds the nest, cares for the sggs
while incubating arid afterward guards
the young. One pair of these fishes
reared a family a short while since in
one of the smaller tanks at the Aqua
rium. The male fish built the nest by
collecting small bits of dead weed and
tiny fragments of debris, which he ar
ranged In a circle. When the recep
tacle for the eggs was completed it bore
a remarkable resemblance to the nests
of some birds, and was apparently as
well constructed. The eggs were de
posited in due time, and the father
stickleback settled down to a tireless
vigil until the little sticklebacks should
cast off the yolk-sac and swim forth
Independent into the watery world. The
little fishes grew.rapidly, and it lacked
a day or so before they would be en
tirely free from the cumbersome sacs.
The male in passing over the nest
where the young were swirled the wa
ter with his tall,' with the result that
two of the tiny fishes were swept sev
eral inches from the nest. Seeing what
he had done, the father set about to
repair the damage. He swam to the
nearest offspring and, seizing it care
fully In his mouth, swam with it back
to the nest. Then he returned the other
one In the same way and. as if satis
fied with this achievement, settled
iown beside the nest contented."
Fatherly Stickleback.
The Agen correspondent of the Petit
Journal of Paris reports that In the
little village of Lafox an extraordinary
funeral incident happened. The de- \
ceased was a retired master carpenter,
aged 88, and as he had been much re
spected his fellow villagers all attend
ed. On returning from the cemetery
to the house the bereaved and weeping
mourners were thunderstruck to find
that they had forgotten to put the
corpse in the coffin. The body still
rested In the death chamber and the
solemn ceremony and pathetic eulo
gies of the deceased had beren per
formed over an empty coffin.
A Wasted Ceremonx.
"I am 70 years old, strong anvl hearty,
as active as a cat. fix feet tall and
weigh about 160 pounds. My face and
habit strikingly resemble that of the
Uncle Sam. seen in pictures. I would
like the regalia or suit sent on so that
I can have pictures taken and distrib
uted over the country. I want to send
a few to Farmington, Flat River and
other places."
J. C. Burnett, postmaster at Glla.
Dent County. Missouri, is consumed
with an ambition to represent Brother
Jonathan at the World's Fair. In a
letter to the exposition management he
puts forth his Qualifications in these
words:
The best aid to beginners in musical
reading Is. I think, the "Practlcai
Method." opus 249, by Kohler, .a well
known and highly respected authority
on studies for beginners. I select this
particular instruction book, because it
is written very simply, and in a man
ner calculated to make music study es
pecially Interesting to young children.
Let his practice hour be as much an
understood and immovable thing as his
breakfast hour, his school hour, or his
hour for retiring.
An excellent plan is, I think, to ap
point a little time before breakfast
<even if it i* only fifteen minutes) 'or
practice 'always insisting, however,
that the child shall eat a cracker or
piece of bread, in this ease, before be
ginning work): or In case of an early
breakfast, ha'.f or three-quarters of in
hour after breakfast instead, before
the child departs for school. Then a
practice period at noon, if he comes
home from school at that time, and
¦whatever ther* is left to be accom
plished, some time during the late aft
ernoon.
This, for the average child, is a good
division 'of labor. For a uetlcate or
highly nervous child, nowever, an
hour's practice altogether aunng the
day is quite enough.
rest of the ler?on. Plan every moment
of the practice hour — so many minutos |
for srales. so many for reading, so
many for technical exercises, and so on. 1
This will keep the child from practic- j
ing all one thing at the expense of the i
crherp, and will make his work more !
interesting and less monotonous, on ac- j
count of the frequent changes of occu- !
pation. For instance, in the case of a !
thr»>e-quarters of an hour practice pe- |
riod, fl\*e minutes expended on tech- j
r.ical exercises, fifteen on scales and j
twenty-five on reading, for the first pe- j
riod. For the second (lat^r on in the j
day) ten minutes for the technical ex- |
ercisp*. twenty for the ecales and fif
teen for reading. If the child is able to
practice the other half hour (bringing
the who!<? day's work up to two hours),
this last period may be divided equally,
ten minuies for each kind of work.
"Of the many orders for queer things
received by New York exporters from
various quarters of the globe, perhaps
none Is more interesting than an occa
sional request for queen bees," says the
New York Evening Post. "Such orders
come principally from the West Indies,
and Inasmuch as the commission mer
chant is generally called upon to han
dle the honey and wax produced there
by the progeny of these insects, he
finds a safe business Investment in
shipping the bees, even though they
form no source of profit in themselves.
"There are many grades of queen beea
and the breeder must thoroughly un
derstand the highly organized insects
if he expects to produce vigorous,
healthy stock that can be depended on
to gather honey in large quantities.
To this end he selects for mothers none
but honey queens (usually imported) —
queens whose progeny have excelled
all others in the apiary. In placing his
order, the buyer is requested to specify
whether he desires a 'red clover' or a
'honey' queen. The first mentioned
stock is bred for red clover, while the
last named will show up well during
an ordinary honey flow from clover,
basswood and other flowers. The prices
vary according to the grades. An un
tested- queen costs $1, a tested queen $2
and those called select tested $3. Breed
ing queens and select breeding queens
bring J5 and $7 60, respectively, and an
'extra select' one year old is worth $10.
Imported Italian queens, furnished by
the best breeders of that country, are
the ones usually sent to the West In
dies, and they are thoroughly tested
in the Western apiaries before ship
ment. They cost from $3 to $3 each,
but common Italian queens, bred in
this country from pure imported stock,
can be bought at lower figures."
Commercial Bees.
Modesty.
An item of the cost of smallpox la
suggested by the annual report of Dr.
Lee of the Pennsylvania State Board of
Health. The value of human lives,
the cost of death and of illnes3 have
often been estimated, and the results
are convincing arguments that the
public should, for purely politic and
financial reasons, do all in its po-wcr
to 'eradicate disease and prevent un
necessary death. In the last year there
were, according to Dr. Lee. 6504 cases
of smallpox in the State, with 503
deaths. A somewhat careful calcula
tion, bas-d upon these reports, leads
to the conclusion that in the counties
reporting, about 1.500,000 school day3
were lost during the period reported
on. This does not include the great
citlea of the StatQ. which would swell
the figures enormously. In Philadel
phia, for instance, seven elementary^
schools, with an enrollment of more
than 5000 pupils, were closed in a sin-*
gle day because of smallpox In the
families of pupils. In round numbers
we may therefore place the number of
lost school days in the State, from
smallpox, at not less than 2.000,000.-
American Medicine.
Terrible Smallpox.
IT is quite interesting that while his opponents are
daily despairing ,of the republic, because they say
the President is doing nothing to enforce- the anti
trust laws, he is moving steadily upon the works of the
trusts, in the only way possible, which is through the
.courts. The court below dissolved Mr. J. J. Hill's rail
road trust in the merger of the Burlington and Northern
Pacific and Great Northern, and Mr.. Hill has appealed
to the Supreme Court. Attorney General Knox ap
pears in "person for the Government, impeaching the
merger as a monopoly, in restraint of trade, placing the
three competing roads in one control, destroying all mo
tives for competition either in rates or facilities.
The Attorney General in his brief says: '"The final
result was that one and the same set of men, *Hill and
Morgan and *thcir associates, acting through corporate
organization, became invested with absolute power of
control over two parallel and competing systems of rail
way. It borders on absurdity to say that two railway
corporations which under normal conditions are nat
urally competitors for traffic will continue to compete
after both become subject to the same control. A more
effective way of suppressing competition it would be dif
ficult to conceive."
The -President's earnest pursuit of the railroad trust
means more thanUhe mere affirming of the court below
by the Supreme Court. When that is done he will have
established a principle that affects favorably to the peo
ple the entire transportation system of the country. Al
ready the good effect of the decision of the District
Court is felt, and that in. a way that makes it certain
that lawyers know that the President is right, and that
he will get the decision in the Supreme Court. So we
find Mr. Harriman prospecting for a line into the Puget
Sound country, to compete with Hill's roads for that
traffic, and the Western Pacific is buifdfng into this ter
ritory to compete with Harriman and the Santa Fe,
Sane policy in railroading is dictated by the fact that
a country's production and tonnage increase with facili
ties for transportation. In that sense a new road creates
its own business, and latent resources are developed,
which would otherwise remain unproductive.
The President, by destroying Mr. Hill's railroad
trhst, is stimulating the further development of the
country by making competition possible. He is also stim
ulating railway construction, and is touching with' life
those two great sources bf national wealth, production
*and exchange. His friends can afford to be amused at
the •tom-tomming of his enemies, serene in the belief
that only, a few of the people can be fooled all of the
time. • ,
THE TRUST IN COURT.
Before turning our attention to the
best way of learning to read music, I
must f-ay a word to our pupil in regard
to the ground already covered.
The part of the lesson given to learn
ing to read music should be in addi
tion to and not at the expense of the
[Sony Writer. Formerly D'.rn tor cf Mu*io in the
College of St. 1 John the IiaptH't. N<*\v TpriCj
iCowfirht, l»C3. by Joseph B. Howies.)
IJT ANICE TERHCSE
Hieroglyphics of Music.
condition of every one shall be entered
en the pupil's report. The schoolrooms
receive the same preventive attention.
Carpets aro prohibited; curtains must
be of cloth that may be frequently
washed; no dry sweeping is allowed,
and dust must be' removed by wet
cloths; all school furniture must be
often scoured; books are regularly dis
infected, and no book that has been
used by a consumptive child may be
used by another person.
A Chicago professor, unloosing. a few- syllogisms from
his plenteous store, reasons that red light is extremely
harmful to morais, and if we change this prominent,
luring signal of the tenderloin we will revolutionize and
purify its moral tone. The professor needs a new dose
of logic. He is wrong in both premises and conclusion.
He has forgotten the physical axiom that in the tender
loin all policemen are color blind.
WE have noticed the proposed Parliamentary in
quiry into the cause of industrial and physical
decadence in England. A writer, expert in so
ciology, has long observed the effect and finds the cause
in the permanent labor class, in which organization has
developed the idea that men must abide with their class
add not pass on and up. ...
Of every hundred men in London over 65 years of
age nineteen are paupers, and of every hundred women
twenty-two are paupers. It is estimated that the: liquor
bill of the English laborers is $550,000,000 a' year, and
that an English workingman spends four times as much
money for liquor as 'the American. The fires of ambi
tion are quenched in drink, and the children follow m
the class footsteps of their sires. Such conditions must
work out in industrial decay.
The economic ideas of the English labor leaders seem
to be defective. It is economic law that more produc
tion means more wealth and cheaper prices. : Casting
out all other features, the wage of labor is measured by
its productive power; wages rise and prices fall as in
dividual production increases. Some people find it diffir
cult to reconcile higher wages with lower prices. In the
cloth mills of New England seventy years ago five work
men made eight yards of cloth a day, and their wage was
20 cents a day, or $1 for the five, making the labor
cost of the cloth I2# cents a yard. The annual product
of the five workmen was 2400 yards of cloth. Now, by
the use of machinery, and power, and processes, five
workmen in the New England cloth mills produce in a
year 140,000 yards of cloth, but the labor cost has- fallen
to one cent and eight-tenths per yard.
The policy of organization in England seems to be
to limit productive capacity. The labor unions of Great
Britain seem to address'themselves to this abridgment
of production. Thirty years ago an English bricklayer
laid twelve hundred bricks a day; now he is permitted
to lay only four hundred, and on public work only three
hundred and thirty. This system extends to all produc
tive labor, and of course results in raising the labor cost
of buildings, which reacts upon labor in the rent,' and
in the increase of every manufactured product, which the
laborer in turn has to pay to the extent of his necessary
use of such products. In other words, by limiting pro
duction he lowered the purchasing power .of his own
wages. Here, then, is the secret of the success of the
American manufacturer in competing with Great Brit
ain. The American pays wages largely, in excess of the
Englishman, but his excess of production makes its labor
cost less, and raises the purchasing power of American
wages, scr that the American workingman gets not only
actually higher wage?, but relatively higher to the price
of products.
There is much in this for the American workingman
to study when he is incited to support the limitation
of production. He must beware of the faults that have
caused British decadence. Economically, greater pro
duction means greater wealth, less labor cost, lower
prices, and therefore a larger command of his wages
over what the laborer produces, and out of this issue the
better conditions of life .in this country and'the'oppor
tunity of the individual laborer to achieve independence.
The influence of the English idea has already been
felt in this country. There are influential advocates of
the theory that labor is benefited by limiting production.
These advocates are . not satisfied with the reasonable
limitations that arc effected by a shorter day, but insist
upon the right to decrease the product of the shorter
day. Such propositions have the singular demerit of
working grave injury to the workmen in whose interests
they are supposed to be advanced. If worked into prac
tice they mean higher rents, higher clothing, food and
fire, and finally an industrial decay, which by injury to
the country's commerce injures also its labor.
Such propositions appeal to the large foreign immi
gration, which is so rapidly filling our industrial vacan
cies, to the exclusion of native labor, and this makes
it all the more necessary that proper economic views be
inculcated here. This country can stand temporary com
mercial reverses and financial panics. They pass away.
But it cannot stand the slow-moving and permanently
destructive influence' of the theory and practice of lim
ited production as a proper economic theory. The
sooner a counter movement is felt the better it will be
for American labor and American commerce. *
Wearied, almost unto death, she sat
beside a freshly made mound In the
National Cemetery at the Presidio and
with palsied and shrunken hands
¦wiped the tears from her age-bedim
m'ed eyes. The tattered black gown
she wore was Illy fitted to withstand
the November winds that, fog laden
and icy in their chilliness, blew in
from the Pacific. Hour after hour
she sat, moving only when- an extra
cold blast disturbed her thin, worn
little shawl and exposed her shrunken
shoulders. Then with fingers blue
with cold she would search for the
wind tossed ends of the garment,
wrap, the slight covering about her
and resume her lonely vigil.
Even the arrival of the officer of
the day, attracted to the cemetery by
the unusual sight of a strange figure
long after hours, did not disturb her.
It was only when, as he dismounted j
and his Bpurs«jingled and his sword
clanked that she raised her head and
gazed at him with tearful eyes.
"Madam," said the officer, "it is
late and you must be going."
"Going, going," came with a gasp
from the blue, quivering lips.
"Where?"
"Home," he said -not unkindly, and
as he' spoke *he helped the little
woman to her feet
"Home," she repeated with a sob.
"My home is here. It is my boy's."
Her Home.
ENGLISH DECADENCE.
Now explain to him that the single
vertical line, intersecting the staff at
intervals, divides it into "measures."
Tell him that a single large note, with
out any attachment, and hollow, like
an O, is what is called a "whole, note";
because It is to be held through the
whole measure* and no other notes are
played in that measure. For instance,
if we are counting "one, two, three,
four." and three is only one note, a
whole note in the measure, we must
Now let him turn to his music book
once more and try to pick out the dif
ferent notes of the staff, from the music
in some of the earlier pieces or exer
cises. For instance, tell him to find
all the C's on a certain page for you.
Then all the F's. then some C}% and so
on, skipping around among the notes;
and going backward and forward, point
to notes and ask him to tell you what
they are, and, as he gains confidence,
try to confuse him until he becomes so
familiar tfith the notes that he can
name them as rapidly as you call for
them.
• • •
Now it is time for him to understand
the real significance of the lines and
thi? spaces between them.
t Tell him that notes are to be written
on both the lines and the spaces, and't
that in going up or down ihe scale,
when we pass above. or below all the
lines little lines are added to continue
the staff, and to make this clear show
him the little line that "middle C"
is on. It is the first line below the
regular staff.
These little lines are called "ledger
lines."
Now, beginning with "middlo C" and
counting upward, the next note above
C would fall on a "space" — the space
between the first "ledger line" and the
lower line of the staff. The next note
will, of course, be D, consequently the
next note, E. will be on the lowest line
of the staff, F will be. on the first space.
G on the' second line, A on thp second
space, and so on. When the third space
is reached (in music one alwnys counts
up from the bottom) the pupil will find
that he has risen eight notes, or rather,
seven, in the scale, and is at C, the
octave above "middle C."
It is necessary that he should become
perfectly familiar with the notes on the
lines and spaces before going on with
his reading; therefore let him commit
them to memory at once. The "spaces"
will not trouble him if you explain to
him that they spell a word when taken
all together— F, A. C, E— face! This
will help him to remember tho spaces.
The lines are E, G, B, D, F, and are a
little harder to memorize, but if he re
peats them over and over, writes them
again and again, and then writes out
the whole staff with the appropriate
letters on the lines and spaces (like the
illustration) he will soon implunt them
collectively and individually, in his
mind.
can find, the counterpart of the thing
he has drawn. It will be there, with
out doubt. *on the very first page, and
as Boon as he has recognized it he has
read his first note.
boy. He scattered flowers on their graves and lived as
they had lived."'
Up in the mining county of Nevada a stout voice is
raised in behalf of the welfare of the youth of California.
The Nevada City Transcript warns the adults to beware
of tainting the minds of children. '"To be sure children
wiUlearn bad things from other children, but'not nearly
so quickly as from some one who is grown up. Dark
thoughts become black thoughts when they are grown
to maturity and black thoughts make black lives." •
f The newspapers of the interior would seem to be doing
their duty as they see it to have the boys and girls grow
up rightly. This is a good service to the State and to
the communities by which the papers are supported.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. WEDNESDAY, .DECEMBER 16; 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8GUAYAQUIL., Ecuador. Dec. 15. — A slight
earthquake was felt here to-day.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. — Indian
Agent Randlett, in charge of the Kio
wa, Comancfie and Apache agency in
Oklahoma, and Indian Inspector Nes
ler are completely exonerated by
Francis E. Leupp in his report on the
investigation of charges against those
officials, made by dissatisfied Indians,
who allege, among other things, that
allotments were made to dead Indians
and white men.
Indian Agents Are Exonerated.
"When, the Press Club of San Fran
cisco consented to accept the net pecu
niary proceeds of the performance last
evening at Fischer's Theater it did not
propose to furnish the stage attrac
tions, or any considerable portion of
them, but at the fifty-ninth minute fate
stepped in and decreed, that by long
odds the biggest feature of the show
should be a wearer -of the club button.
It was exactly 3:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon when President Tyler and
Vice President Leffingwell, with tears
of anxiety in their united voice, asked
W. C. Hc-llhvay, the young newspaper
man, who is better known as "Cap."
if he would not fill the aching void in
the cast of "I. O. IX." created by the
serious illness of Max M. Dill. "Cap"
hesitated but a moment.
"I don't know the lines of the part,"
he said, "and I have no time to 'get
up* In them. But I'll do anything to
help out the club."
Tyler and Lefflngwell embraced, him
and Herr Fischer smiled gratitude.
"We'll all get in and push you
through," said Winfleld Blake, "and I'll
guarantee that you'll make the hit of
the performance." -
"Cap" at once plunged into the study
of the part of Iney Stuntz, and at 8:30
o'clock he made his first entrance in
the play with Kolb and Curtis. There
after while he was on the stage the
house — and it was one of the most bril
liant houses of the season— was his.
Blake's prediction was more than veri
fied. Never did any comedian on any
stage provoke more vociferous laughter
than rewarded "Cap's" efforts to
amuse. Every time he said anything,
and numerous times when he was due
to say something and said nothing, the
audience fairly shrieked.
It was not Comedian Holliways fault
that the lighting arrangements of the
FUiRe made it impossible for him . to
follow the lines of the prompt book he
held, nor would it be fair to accuse
him of negligence because his atten
tion to the book precluded possibility
of his taking up the cues which his
stagemates so generously repeated for
his enlightenment. And if he was us
ually a couple of pages ahead of the
current dialogue the other actors might
have talked mere rapidly^ and caught
up with him.
At the close of the second act Kolb
and Curtis, and Blake and Amber, and
O'Ramey and Dillon, and the Althea
twins, and the other principals were
so green with envy of Holliway's hit
that he magnanimously, offered to re
tire from the cast and turn his part
over to a regular understudy who was
familiar with its lines and business but
did not look the character. Stage Man
ager Jc-nes promptly spurned the pro
posal. In all other respects the enter
tainment was a triumph.
Many interpolations relating to Press
Club persons and affairs brought de
sired appreciation, and the Press Club
Quartet sang popular selections while
the curtain was down. But "Cap" Hol
liway's deput as a Thespian will dwell
green in the memory of those who* wit
nessed it when all the other features
are forgotten.
With the Aid of a Prompt-
Book and Stagemates He
Lasts Through Three Acts
KEEPS HOUSE IN A ROAR
« — . —
"Cap" Holliway Takes Max
Dill's Part in "I 0 U" and
Scores Hit With' Audience
PRESS CLUBMAN
AS A COMEDIAN
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 15.— The Town
Trustees of Kern have decided to call
an election to issue bonds to the amount
of (10,000 for the establishment of a
fire department. The board has also
ordered fire escapes placed on all two
story buildings. The action In taken as
a result of the disastrous fire a week
ago in which, one Cummings lost his
life at the Hotel Kern.
Bonds for a Fire Department.
MALVERN, Iowa, Dec. 1 S^Tha
engine and" the forward trucks of the
baggage car on Burlington limited No.
1, westbound, from Chicago to Den
ver, left the track a mile east of Mal
vern at 5 o'clock this morning. En
gineer Knox of Crsaton, one of the
oldest men in the service, - was killed,
being pinioned beneath his engine,
which .rolled over on it« side.^Fire
man Lawrence Hayis escaped with
bruises. •
Engineer Killed in a Wreck.
AGNEWS, Dec. 15.— The patients of
the | State Insane Hospital here are to
be treated to an elaborate entertain
ment on the approaching Christmas.
Efforts are being made by Dr. Leonard
Stocking, the medical superintendent,
to make thiB affair surpass anything
of the kind ever before held here. Cir
cular letters have been sent to relatives
of patients informing them of the pro
posed entertainment and asking them
to contribute to its success.
Entertainment for the Insane.
HONOLULU, Dec. 15. — The Ameri
can Consul at Nagasaki has refused
to recognize a passport issued by for
mer Governor Dole to Senator N. Rus
sel on the ground that it did not bear
the seal of the Secretary of State.
More than a year ago the Governor
of Hawaii was authorized to issue
passports owing v to the long distance
between Honolulu . and Washington
and the delay caused in getting them.
No trouble has arisen heretofore and
the American" Consul at Nagasaki has
forgotten or not been, informed of the
validity of the Hawaiian passports.
American Consul at Nagasaki Rejects
Credentials Issued by Former
Governor Dole of Hawaii.
REFUSES TO RECOGNIZE
VALIDITY OF PASSPORT
NAPA, Dec. 15.— The second trial of
Robert Black, charged with child-
Eteallng, was commenced in the Su
perior "Court to-day. The first trial
resulted lira disagreement of the jury.
District Attorney Benjamin is assisted
in -the prosecution by F. B. Johnston,
representing the people of St Helena.
A Jury was secured this afternoon and
the testimony was begun. The after
noon closed with the testimony of
Dottle Hlggins, whom it is charged
Black stole.
Alleged Kidnaper Again on Trial.
MASTER OF A SCHOONER
FALLS AND IS DROWNED
Captain Alfred Cliristianson of the G.
W. McXear Ix>ses His Life by
an Accident.
N'APA. Dec. 15. — Word was received
at the Sheriff's office Jate this afternoon
that Captain Alfred Christiansen of
the schooner G. W. McXear had been
drowned. The vessel is taking on a
cargo of jrravel near Napa Junction.
The captain was working in a difficult
position and fell overboard. Tj e wm
drowned in spite of the efforts of the
crew.
HONOLULU, Dec. 9. — The tidal
wave that visited several parts of
these islands on NovemDer 29 caused
considerable damage at Kohalalele.
The waves came like a i northerly
swell, the sea sweeping over the top
of a crane that stood forty feet high
above the landing there. Enormous
bowlders were picked up and carried
some distance inland and several
houses were washed away. It was on
the same day that the bar at San
Francisco was very rough and break
ing badly.
Enormous Bowlders Are Carrie^ Some
Distance Inland and Houses
Are Washed Away.
TIDAIj WAVE CAUSES
DAMAGE AT KOHALALELE
Ross says he was Improperly con
victed of murder In the first degree, as
he only intended to stun the man, there
being no intent to commit murder. Ross
was at the time a prisoner in the cus
tody of Ward.
Andreas Castro, who testified against
Ross at the trial, has written to the
Governor that he was drunk at the
time he gave his testimony and did not
know what he vifes saying, Castro is
now in the penitentiary. Ross* case
has been fought through the courts of
California and the United States Su
preme Court. He has been reprieved
several times.
SACRAMENTO, Ded. 15.— Bert Ross,
who is under sentence to be hanged
at San Quentin prison next Friday, has
made an appeal to Governor Pardee to
save his neck. Ross was convicted of
having murdered Deputy Sheriff Ward
of San Diego by crushing his skull with
a water bottle on a steamer at Port
Harford.
A number of land owners and or
chardists of San Jose, including E. A.
Hayes, J. R. Lewis, J. Q. A. Ballou.
J. R. Kocher. D. L. Flynt and Paul
H. Cordes. filed a protest yesterday
with the Board of Supervisors against
the entering into any contract with
the Bay Cities Water Company in
volving the supply of water to San
Francisco from the Coyote, Uvas and
Llagas watersheds. The company
has made an offer to this city to fur
nish it an adequate supply of water.
The protestants say that both the
riparian and percolating rights of the
watersheds named are the property
and essential water supply of the land
owners, orchardists and people of San
ta Clara Valley and they intend to re
sist by every means in their power
any diversion of the waters described
as an infringement upon their just
and legal rights and equities as the
owner* and users thereof. They fur
ther state that the diversion would
destroy the artesian and underground
•water supply and -would surely ruin
the magnificent orchards in the valley
which are Irrigated thereby.
San .!o*e I>and Owners Protest Against
Acceptance of Offer of the Bay
Chit's Company.
Murderer in San Quentin
Prison Makes a Final Ef
fort to Escape the Gallows
WILL RESIST DIVERSION'
OF THE WATER SUPPLY
liceman, but missed him. Skelly's sec
ond shot pierced Howard's leg, but he
continued his flight until he plumped
into the arms of Policeman Murphy.
Subsequently W. H. Owens was arrest
ed for complicity in the hold-up. At
the preliminary examination of the two
men Howard admitted that ' he had
committed the robbery.. _He said he
had been drinking hard 'for several
weeks and was about crazy. He*had
never thought of the crime until ten
minutes before its commission. He
said he wanted to exonerate Owens
from any complicity in the matter. He
had not communicated his intended
robbery to Owens and his co-defehd
ant was absolutely innocent of any
knowledge of it. Owens told a straight
story when called to the stand. He
said he was a farmer and had come
from Missouri to Los Angeles, .where
he met Howard and the two men came
to this city together. He said' he had
never committed a crime in his life
and did not have any knowledge that
his friend Contemplated one on the
night of the hold-up. Along with the
other occupants of the saloon he
backed up against the wall and held
up his hands when ordered to do so by
Howard. The testimony Smade a deep
impression on the court and may\ re
sult in Owens' dismissal. Howard was
held in $5000 bonds for trial in the Su
perior Court and Owens' case was con
tinued until Saturday. During the
course of the hearing Howard denied
that he ever had'been convicted of fel
ony, although at the time of his arrest
he told the police that he had served
a term in Missouri for hi jhway robbery
under the name of W. J. Watson.
When TJjomas Wheeler was arrested
by the police several days ago as a
suspicious character he broke down
and confessed everything. He said he
was wanted in Budapest for boiling
three babie3 in oil; that he had mur
dered an entire Eskimo village in Kam
schatka; that secret agents of the In
dian Government were looking for him
for the attempted assassination of the.
Maharajah of Irriwady and the theft cf
the ruler's gems; in fact, he detailed
such a career of black crimes commit
ted in his past that the jailers shud
dered when they passed his cell. An
investigation of his life developed that
he was merely an ordinary "bum" who
had never been more than ninety miles
away from San Francisco. Judge Con-
Ian gave him six months in the County
Jail, merely to assuage his taste for a
criminal record. •
• • •
Nicholas Hoffman and J. N. Johnson
began an argument in a Sacramento
street saloon Monday night. As the
major premise to a syllogism Hoffman
pounded Johnson over the head with a
heavy chair, and Johnson . took the
count. The successful disputant was
before Judge Mogan yesterday charged
with assault with a deadly weapon. He
was given until Friday to secure coun
sel and -prepare -his- defense. .
Thomas J. Clark was discharged
from the County Jail Monday after
serving a six months' sentence tor
threatening to kill 'his wife, Susan J.
Clark, who lives at 663 Howard street.
On the day of his release he" sent a
trusty messenger to his helpmeet to
inform her that at the first favorable
opportunity he Intended to transform
her from a common household drudge
to a bright, pink-winged angel by means
that would make an Apache ashamed
of the lack of inventiveness of his race.
Clark came before Judge Mogan yes
terday and was convicted a second
time. He will get all that is coming to
him to-day. .
* • •
Allen Hellen, a plasterer, was con
victed of disturbing the peace by Judge
Mogan yesterday. Monday night Hel
len surrounded an inordinate, quantity
of bad booza and stationed himself on
the corner of Powell and Ellis streets,
where he amused himself by upper
cutting passersby. Among the victims
of Hellen's fistic endeavors was Man
ager Seeley of Techau's Tavern, who
hunted up a policeman. The exuberant
plasterer was removed to j the City
Prison. He will be sentenced to-day. .
The latent names to be listed for po
litical preferment by Mayor Schmltz,
according to the gossips around the
City Hail, are Dr. G. F. Brackett and
Louis B. Mayer.
It is said that Dr. Brackett stands
hiph in the estimation of his Honor and
will be rewarded by being appointed to
one of the vacancies on the Boar! of
Health cauf«pd by the expiration of the
terms of Drs. Bautn and Buckley. Dr.
Bracken has offices in the Parrott
buiMing. ¦
Louis B. Mayer is said to have the
Inside track for secretary of the Board
of Public Works to succeed Nicholas
Jortall. who will resign rather . thr»n
in ¦•¦- any unpleasantness he might be
¦ubjrcted to owing to his friendship Z?r
Commissioner Casey, to whom he owes
his appointment. Mayer is at present
city circulator on an evening newspa
per and his close friendship with Com
missioner Herbert Schmitz, the Mayor's
brother, will be largely instrumental in
securing him the secretaryship.
Mayor Schmitz stated yesterday that
he would not commence even to receive
applications for vacancies en the
boards and commissions until after the
first of next January. He had decided
en the 15th of this month as the day
for considering applications, but ne
concluded to extend the time. A num
ber of willing officeholders presented
themselves yesterday, but were politely
Informed by the Mayor that They
would have to postpone their petitions
for two weeks. It is reasonably certain
that the following named are in line for
appointment by the Mayor:
Board of Health, Dr. G. F. Bracket;
Election Commission. Joseph H. ScoU,
Henry Myers: Board of Education,
Lawrence F. Walsh (reappointment);
Police Commission. Thomas Reagan
«reappointmt-nt): Fire Commission,
Jflhn Daughr.ey; Civil Service Commis
sion. George B. Benham; Park Com
mission. William J. Dingee.
Dr. T. A. Rottanzi is striving to be
appointed chief surgeon of the Emer
gency Hospital, but Dr. Bunnell. the
Incumbent, Is also working' hard to be
returned.
Among others who will be rewarded
with places by Mayor Schmitz are:
Registrar, Morris Levy or George P.
Adams: Almshouse Superintendent.
Frank Schmitz: Superintendent Cit5 
ar.d County Hospital. John N. Elbert;
Health Offlcrr, Dr. John Dillon or Dr.
i_«. F. Ragan.
The verdict of the jury is regarded
by the Board of Public Works as a
harsh one, owing to the fact that Mrs.
Heath, who secured the judgment, ad
mitted that she was aware lhat the
sidewalk was in bad condition when
she walked on it and sustained a frac
ture of the arm. Evidence also showed
that there were three street lights
brightly burning at the time and yet
the Board of Public Works is held re
sponsible for the accident and all sim
ilar ones that may occur in the future.
Ex-Commissioners of Public Works
Maguire and Van der Naillen, present
Commissioners Manson and Casey and
the estate of the late Louis J. Ohni
mus. who was a member of the board
at the time of the accident, wili be held
responsible on their bonds for the
amount of Mrs. Heath's verdict. "
On the night of December 20 of last
year Mrs. Dora Heath stumbled over a
loose plank in front of the Vesidence
at 1511 Buchanan street. In falling
she broke her arm and chipped a
piece of bone from the end of the hu
merus. As a result of the Injury the
woman's arm will be stiff and almost
useless fbr the rest of her life. Upon
recovery she immediately filed suit for
$20,000 damages, basing her claim on
the fact that It was the duty of the
Board of Public Works to keep the
sidewalks in repair.
The board secured a stay of pro
ceedings for thirty days, during which
time an appeal will be taken on the
ground that the verdict is excessive.
the board is confronted with
the fact that the' Supervisors failed to
set aside any money for the keeping
In repair of sidewalks and therefore
it is powerless in the premises. An
other difficulty intervenes in that con
tractors are unwilling to enter into
contracts for the repair of sidewalks
and the charter requires that all public
work shall be done by contract.
The alternative which the Board of
Public Works now expresses it? inten
tion to avail itself of is the section of
the ordinance which makes it a mis
demeanor for any property owner to
neglect to put his sidevralk in good
condition, after being officially notified
to do so by the Board of Public Works.
The penalty for 3uch neglect is a fine
of $500 or imprisonment for six months,
or both. The Board of Public Works
in the past has been loth to carry out
the provisions of the ordinance regardr
ing the arrest of delinquent property
owners, but it feels that urtder the de
cision it would be liable for many thou
sands of dollars of damages ns the out
come of accidents from defective side
walks. In many cases ladles are the
offenders in this regard and the board
has hitherto refrained from taking un
pleasant action.
A simple compliance with the notice
of the board that bad sidewalks are
to be repaired will save much incon
venience and a' possible visit to the
Police Court, the Board of Public
Works think.
VERDICT DEEMED HARSH.
XO MONEY £OR REPAIRS.
The ordinance is very explicit in the
matter and simply states that after due
notice has been given by the Board of
Public Works to any property owner
whose sidewalk is in need of repair he
shall forthwith proceed to repair the
same. In the event thart the property
owner refuses or fails to obey the notice
the Board of Public Works may pro
ceed to do the work, but at the ex
pense of the city.
Smarting under the verdict of a jury
in Judge Kerrigan's court awarding
$5000 damages to Mrs. Dora Heath for
injuries sustained by a defective side
walk in front of 1511 Buchanan street,
the Board of Public Works decided
yesterday to take drastic measures
against property owners who neglect to
keep the sidewalks in rront of their
premises in proper repair. The arrest
of such property owners, after due
notification has been served upon them
to repair the sidewalks, is ordered.
By the verdict the commissioners of
works are made personally responsible
for any accidents resulting from dan
gerous sidewalks and in order to fore
stall the saddling of further damages
upon them they have come to the con
clusion to make property owners abide
strictly by the terms of the ordinance
governing the maintenance of side
walks.
Says He Will Not Even Con
. sider Applications for Office
Until After First of January
Those Failing to Repair Side
walks After Notification Will
Be Arrested Under Ordinance
MAYOR DELAYS SELECTIONS
DRASTIC PLAN APPROVED
ROSS APPEALS
TO GOVERNOR
Harry Howard, alias W. J. Watson,
exhibited an unexpected amount of
chivalry yesterday when he appeared
before Justice Mogan for a preliminary
hearing on the charge of highway rob
bery. Howard ,.is accused of having
held up the saloon of William Little at
760 Howard street and forced the pro
prietor to give him 520. Then he start
ed to run and was pursued by Police
man Skelly, who fired at the fleeing
man. The first bullet from the offi
cer's revolver struck George King, a
fifteen-year-old boy, seriously wound
ing him. Howard then fired at the po-
There is still a frontier in this coun
try, notwithstanding Owen \Vister and
other praisers of times past, who be
wai! the passing of the picturesque life
of the outer edges of civilization. MoTe
over, the frontier is right at the back
dopr of San Francisco, if the story of
Vincent Wallace, told under oath to
Judge Mogran yesterday, may be be
lieved. Wallace was arrested at an
early hour yesterday morning loitering
on Battery street, just *off Market. In
his pocket was found an elongated re
volver and to 50 in money. The arrest
ing officers watched him for nearly an
hour in his vigil before they ap
proached him. When they found him,
accoutered as he ivas. they concluded
they had a real, original hold-up man.
But Wallace had a different tale to
tell. He raid he came from Menlo
Park to this city in search of employ
ment. In order to economize his slen
der hoard of money, he concluded to
seek some dark, quiet neighborhood
and sleep in the angle of a building.
Accordingly he picked out Battery
street near Market as a resting place,
but did not retire at once because he
could find no cozy corner. When ques
tioned as to his reason for carrying
such a formidable weapon as that
found on his person, he appeared sur
prised to learn that the act was an
irregular proceeding. Everybody, he
said, In Menlo Park carried a revolver.
The practice was as common as carry
ing toothpicks or matches in one's
pocket. He said he had an uncle in
Menlo Park and other witnesses there
who would testify to his good charac
ter, so the case went over until Frl»
day to allow them to be summoned.
Then it will be determined whether
or not Wallace is merely a foolish
country boy or that most dangerous
of all criminals, a footpad. If it shall
turn out to be the latter he will not
have to look for employment until
many moons have waxed and waned.
Commissioners Aroused to Ac
tion by Verdict of $5000
Damages for Mrs. Dora Heath
G. F. Brackett Mentioned for
Health Board and L. Mayer
Works' Commission Secretary
WORKS BOARD
IS FLUSTERED
GOSSIP ABOUT
APPOINTMENTS
MENLO PARK DESPERADO
FALLS FOUL OF POLICE
v : -
Vincent Wallace, With a, Formidable Weapon, Is
Found Haunting Dark Places— Harry Howard
Acquits Owens of Complicity in Recent Hold-Up
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAYr DECEMBER 1G. 1903.
9
Him . 1 1
A Most Acceptable
Gift—
O^ ON THS /B
RAPHAEL WEILL <§fc CO., Inc.
Post, and Kearny Streets
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
mLmMnmSSB^^iw Ka I?' bsbbV B&S B {BbSM Bh|hML|[| |> s - ; '^1 f Sjfi yj|j£ wcX\l
W€$03§55r§ Mi\ tor y article a person can place in the home. |B
mtjggwsrf '' M carry the Behr Bros., but the Baumeister \'~\
§jH|jw&r i JgJ an d many other makes are represented on K^.J
WSJUm I STRUMENTS, TALKING MACHINES, tjM
wSur Jm M MUSIC BOXES is complete in every de- t
'sBgjffi M ta il- A vast assortment of sheet music. \^%
W ffif J We are sole agents for THE SIMPLEX* K f 1
Bmf J£ THE ONLY PERFECT PIANO PLAY- p I
K&mdsMm many good features. Accommodating terms f^ffi
JSPlB of credit if you wish. 19'
ADVEBTISEMENTS. *
ARROW* BRAND I
15CENTS.2FOR25CENTS !
CLUCTT, PCABOOY & CO. . H
Makers ot CTuctt and ato^aich Shirts |j
"Kins ofdlBatilsd Beers." v
Browed- from Bohemian Hops*
SOLD gVEBVWHERE.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Aeenta.
IA/. T\ HESS,
Notary Public and Attoraey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bldx.
Telephone Main 083.
Ueslder.ee. 821 California at., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 150L
m.T/^W'SkT S. and G. Boots and Shoes.
1% 8 9 l\l Warranted waterproof, far
¦*¦ A Hunters. Surveyors. Slln-
a j~± » T 4 • ers. «tc. Send for catalog.
AiillA SHREVE&. BARBER CO.
* *¦ "^- " 39 Market St.. S. F.
AMUSEMENTS.
IfAblFORNilT
l| J EVERYBODY WILL WANT \f^
** 1 TO SEE THIS! \9 1
Joseph Hart ™ E .
Carrie De Mar s—
In W. A. Brady's Musical Comedlt Hit.
VFOXY
GRANDlPA
PHI IIMRIA m mmm
vUsUUmPIM IMfflQ THWEJ
NIGHTLY.- EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
F. C. WHITNEY PRESENTS
The Queen of Sinking: Comediennes,
I I II I I
GLASER
In Stange and Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLY VARDEN.
Beats for Second Week Ready Thursday.
SPECIAL MATCTEE CHAHSTMAB.
TO-NIGHT IS PRESS CLUB MIGHT
MANY ATTRACTIVE FEATURES
In Addition to the Lavish Production
"I-O-U" =
The N<*w Musical tTomedy Still Delighting
Large - Audiences. . .
Our "All-Star" Cast, including: Kolb and
Dill Allen Curtis (his first appearance). Maude
Amber Wlnfleld Blake, Georgia O'Ramey. Ben
T. Dillon. Althea Twins, and Our Beautiful
Chorus of Fifty in a Performance of Rar«
Merit.
Seats Two Weeks In Advance.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND I SUNDAY.
POPULAR PRICES.
i :
Racioillplli^lkiiijr!
EVERT WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW. CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
?. Commencing MONDAY, December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
• Races start at 3 p. • m. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part cf the city.
Train leave* Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leave* the track immediately
after the last race. - No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
1 escorts. .' - -,-¦ '
I THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
[ PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
I MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). DEC. 18.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c: Chil-
dren, any part except rf3erred. 10c.
ALLURING VAUDEVILLE!
Henri Huniberty; The Tobins: Joan
Haden's "Cycle or Love"; Paulino
Hall; Francesca Redding and Com-
pany; Hines and Remington; "Bon-
ncr"; The Brit tons and Orpheuaj
Motion Pictures.
ZTEXT WEEK,
THE ORPttEUM ROAD SHOW
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
FRIDAY— SCOTCH NIGHT.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
J. H. STODDART
AND
REUBEN FAX
In Iaa MacLaren'« Comedy Success.
15 BONNIE BRIER BUSH
"Week b«>i?inninff next Sunday matinee, bene-
fits for Widows' and Orphans' Fund of th«
San Francisco Fire Pppartment— MAY STOCK-
TON in A LITTLE OUTCAST. nr..t Life Savin*
drama acted by members of. Fire Department.
A T /""* A *7 A Y% EeIas co A Mayer,
ALLAZAJR SESES&i
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. ANT> SUN.
Belasco & Fyles Military Post Play
THE GIRL I LEFT
BEHIND ME.
''An good a cast as it ever had." Chronicta.
'"The Alcazar Is to San. Francisco what th»
Empire Is to New York."— The News Letter.
Evgs., 25c to 73c; Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 13c to 3Cc.
Next Monday — Bis Holiday Production of
BLUE JEANS
The brass band. The pet bull. The barbe-
cue. The buzz?aw sensation. Order s»au.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phon« South &3
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
MATINEE9 SATURDAY AND SUND.AT.
Tfca Greatest of AH Border Drama's
THE SCOUT'S
REVENGE
Thrilling Incidents! Powerful Climaxes! Max*
nlflcent Scenery! Splendid Comedy!
Superb Cast!
pD(f*CC Evenings 10« to Mo
IA1UCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23O
Christmas Week, December 21,
I "ALPHONSE AND GASTON."
TIVtiLfSSSS.
Corner Maacn and Eddy Strssts.
osazts opehisto.
WEDNESDAY £VE:jnsrG. December 23.
Magnificent Production- of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IX1ON
Or "THE WHEEI.2IAJSr.*
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza la Thre»
Acts.
See Botbwell Browne's Beantif u! Ballets
USUAL POPULAR PRICES 23c. 50c tnd 73c >
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats. ...SI GO
Tn« sals of seats will be?in Thursday
morning. Pec 17. at the Old Tlroll.
E31IESALDA
And a Great Show Every Afternooa anl
Evenin? la the Tboronglily
Heated Tbsater.
TINT TOTS IN THE INFANT INCUBAT0B3.
HAMADEYAS II? THS ZOO.
LOTS OF FtTN IN THE PENNT ARCADE.
Stroll Through tha MIRROK MAZE.
Bee ANITA and Her BABY. MONKEY.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c. Children. 3c.
When Phoning Agfc for "The Chqt»>."
VnUrp DON'T fail to
rdldVV g ee the beantiful
4 COURT Lounging
flfln room, the EMPIRE
OllU PARLOR, the
n ' , j PALM ROOM, tha
nfflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
O . i DIES' WRITING
I Hotels *o°m- .
FINAL
PIANO RECITAL
Of the Series Given by
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX
Of the Angelus Department of
Sherman, Clay & Co. will
be given on
SATURDAY, DEC. 19th
at 3 p. m. t in
STEINWAY HALL
The Soloist of the occasion
will be^
Mrs. Lillian Birmingham
Contralto.
Complimentary tickets m»y be
had at the Store, Sutter and
Kearny Streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.IITGXiESIDE EA.CETBACX — TUESDAY, Dec. 15. — Weather cloudy. Track good.
5-JG2. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, f.125.
Index j Horse amT^Ovvnen T\Vt|St. % . J£ . ?£. S:r. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6448 Constellator. 6 (Keating)..... 1 105 4 ... 2 "f k 1 2H1 4 12 Hildebrand I 4-5 7-10
u430 Dora I, .4 (\V. M. Inglls) 105 1 ... 4 2 5 2 4 h 2 «i Holbrook ..[ 8 12 .
5438 B. Uosewater. 3 (Nicholls) 107 6 ... 62 3n 2n34 Bell 6 0
WOO Evander. 4 (\V.« Fisher) 107 5 ... l u, 2 % 3 1%4 M W. Waldo. 3 7-2,
5105 Snark. 5 (S. Judge) Ill 7 ... «2 0 4 «4 5 2 See 12 20
5Vi2 Maud Muller. 3 (Mrs. Miller). 07-3 ... 3 1154 1!J5 v a B 4 (oiiphant .. 50 100
D438 Illilouon. 6 (W D. Randall).. 105 2 ... 7 6 7 8 7 10 7 8 Buxton 15 20
5432 Border Mark. 3 (Hutchinson). 97 8 ... 8 8 8 8 Kunz 50 60
Time— *21V4. :t9&. 1:15^4. At post »4 minute. Ort at 2:05Vi. Constellator, place. 1-3; show,
11 ¦*' P'ace. 5; show. 2. Rosewater, show, 4-5. Winner b. g. by Brutus-Con-
Mellatlon. Trained by F. Hubbard. Scratched — Romalne. Theodora L, Bard Burns, Sir
I reston. Start good. Won very easily. Next twn.drivlns hard. Gallop for the winner,
IJora I was out of it at one stage. Evander cut eff near the finish. Snark no speed.
Illilouon ran poorly. - - ' • ¦¦j-t
540:t. SECOND RACE— 5^ furlongs; purse; maiden 2-year- t old colts and gelds: to first 1325.
Index I Horse and Owner. iWtlSt. »i. %. Str. Fin. I jockey. OpT CK
r^?o Ji° rd Wad »w-orth (Ferguson).. 1110 2... 13 1 2%t 2 1 2V4IJ. Martin.. 2 5-2
5152 Ebony (Hamilton StaBle) [llO 7 ... 7 2 7 2 3 n 2 n Hilderbrnd C-2 7-2
542. Andy B. Cook (Stanfleld Co.). 1 110 8 ...'412»4 2 2%3 »4 Lowe ..... 8 18-3
rUt a $ er spout (R. A. Smith).... 107 4 ... 2 1%3 2 4 4 4 7" Adams .... 6 12
k'Jo? 7- J - Cox <W. B. Sink Jr.)... 112 8 ... 3 h 5 : -% 5 .% 5 n Tullet ...:. « 15
°j.-l dundreary (Burns & W) 113 1 ... 5 1U4 n () Vj « h Bullman .. 7-2 8
5203 Potrero Grande (Baldwin).. .1111 9 ... 8n 8 2 8 2 7 3 See 10 15
• Hogarth (P. j. Carmody) 112 5 ... On tfl 7 1 8 2\' 3 Anstet 20 100*
.... Carnlvol (Johnson & Co.) 113 11 ... 0 1 0 3.93 95 M.Johnson. 20 60
Vi,.t £ a P |to1 ¦ (O. Lanka) 100 8 ... 11 1410 6 10 1010 15 Birkenruth 20 50
5349 St. .Yueef (Kentucky Stable). 107 12 ..: 12 11 11 11 Chandler .. 15 15
Cheney (U. z. de Arman). . . . jUO 10 ... in lij« I. Powell.. ¦ 20 ** 30
Tlm^— ; 24. :49>i. 1:C8. At post 2% minutes. Off at 2:33^4. Wadsworth, place, 1; show. 1-2.
Ebony, place, 9-5; show, 1-2. Cook, show, 4-5. Winner, ch. c. by St. George-Trophy.
Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Start good. Won easily. Second driving .hard. Third
Ftopplnfr. Lord Wadsworth shook off his field at the start. Hilderbrand seemed unable .
to get Ebony going the first part of it. Cook tired near the end. T. J. Cox Joking,
Potrero Grande can do better. •Fell.
5404. THIRD RACE — 1% miles; purse; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horso and Owner. WtjSt. '4. i(,.' »4. Str. Fin. ) Jockey. | Op. CK
r 4 ."!*? Cou K ar - 5 (Boots & Co.)..... 105! 1 23 21 11 11 lr'lftlC Kelly... * 4 12
5455 Veterano. 3 (W. C. Vivell).. 1051 6 6 5 4 4 n 4 1,4 2 ns Hilderbrnd 5 6
5455 Dupont. 3 (G. B. Morris) |102| 4 3 »; 3 % 5 10 3 3 3 J. Martin.. 4-5 4-5
54.11 Allopath. 4 (Lamasney Bros.)|102 5 4 2^4 3 3 1^2 n 4 2 Foley 3 10-5
5410 Past Master. 3 (C. P. Fink).. 09 2 17 152h 5 25 5 25 J Booker.. 10 20
5408 Myriad Dancer. 4 (Hanlon). . llOH 3 5 M, « 0 t> 6 Haack 30 150
Tlme ~ :24 ''«- : -* 9 Vi. 1:16V*. 1:42K: 1:55. At post Vi minute.. Off at 2:59%. Cougar, place.
o-2; snow. 4-5. Veterano. place. 3-2; show. 3r5. Dupont. show. out. Winner, ch. h.
by Tlger-Genette Edwards. Trained by C. M. Hollenback. Start good. Won cleverly.
Next three driving. Cougar best. Veterano ran his race. Dupont has gone back. With
a. stronger ride Allopath could have done the trick. Foley cwild not hold her together.
Past Master quit.
5405. FOURTH RACE: — Seven furlongs; purse; three-year-olds; value to first. $325.
In^ex Horso and Owner. IWtlSt. V4T %. Str. Fin. j JocKey. OjT CU
5449 Epicure (AT. Dobson) '. . 105 3 3 1Vj3 2Va2 h 2 1«<,1 n J. T Shehn 4-5 4-5
.... Ahumada (J. A. Kyle) 110 4 2 >4 2n 3 1»£3 1 2 3>4 J. Jones... 4 6
5309 Leader (Jennings & Co.) 1C5 5 « 5 !i 5 2H4 !%.') 4 J. Martin.. 5 7-2
4C92 Peter J (J2. J. Smith) t 107 212 1 2^1 2 1 1V*4 >4 \V Dugan. 12 . 30
Incubator (Van Meter & Co.). 1113 « 5n 4n 4n 5 4 55 Bullman .. 7-2 7
IQronte (Piedmont Stable) |110 1.416 6 6 V |Birkenroth 10 50
Time— :2y4 :49U. 1:14. 1:27. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:23. Epicure, place, 1-3;
show. out. Ahumada. place. 2: show, 4-5. Leader, show 2-5. Winner b. c. by Dare
bln-Felukah. Trained by W. Short. Start good. Won hand ridden. X«=xt two driving.
Scratched— Daisy Green. Sheehan jollied along with the winner. Ahumada will take a
world of beating next time out. Leader outfooted. Peter J quit. Oronte had earlr
*pced. Incubator ran a nice race.
f>4<>(t. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $400.
Indi-xl Horse and Owner. |Wt|St *«. \^. ?i. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j OpI CK
6330 j Royal Rogue. 4 (Nealon) 1C5 6 4 n 3 n 3 1%3;1 1 ns ITj Burns...! 3-2 '8-5
5449 Beau Ormonde, 6 (Krlpp) 113 2 2 Y* 2 % 2 ?i 1 n 2 2VMBullman ...] 8-5 8-5
6463 lArabo, 3 (W. B. Jennings' 1(!» 4 5 l 1 ,^ ifr 4 n -4 l"-^ 3 " J. Martin... 3 18-5
5451 IMuressfa. 4 (Mrs. Miller) 07 1 1 U, 1 % 1 v, 2 n 4 a J. Booker... 15 30
IGlennevls. 3 (W. Durker) HX5 3 3n 5n 5 3ti5 4 5 ;> Adams 15 60
IWhlsky King. 4 QVJnter Co.).|112 5 G « 0 "6 6 |Anstet 20 15
Time— :24. :49-Ti. l:14>i. 1:21. At post 3 minute*. Off at 3:5O»4. Rogue, place. 11-20: show,
r.ut. Ormonde, place, 11-20; show, out. Arabo, show, 1-3. Winner, ch. g. by Rey del
Slerras-Jertle R. Trained by J. C. Xealnn. Start fair. Won In a'very-hard drive of two.'
Third driving. Rogue was away last and on the . . stretch turn Burns found himself,
pocketed. He took back and a second later slipped through on the rail. Winner was the
showed considerable Improvement and will flo.
5 J(i7. SIXTH RACE— One mile; sellins; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first. $325.
Indexj Horse and Owner v iWt St U. 3 ,£. *i . Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. cT
5435 ICarcnal. 3 (Chapyelle & Co.).. 09 fl 74 64 5 3 211 1'blHildebrand I •> 5-«>
545!> Illowaho. 4 (H. Stover) 112 :S ."'. n 4 h 4 'i I 3 2 h |See ! 10 l!>
5417 iForeFt King, 4 (Jones & Co.).. 107 2 4 n 5 3 3 »', 1 % 3 C |T. Burns. . S-^ 11-5
5453 iCol. Van, 5 (D. S. Fountain).. Ott 7* 5 2 2 n 1 1 3 h 4'fl fj. Lewis * 3 •(
54.11 iCaptivate. 3 (P.' Hildreth). .'. .. 109 4 2 2'^3 1V.2 >,J 5 5 5 fi lu Jackson *>O 60
540S iRlo Chico. a (Harris & Co.).. 107 5 12 1 a; ft 8 « 4 « it, iBlrkenruth °0 60
5425 !Bllly Moore. C (T. T. Rector). !»0 1 8 8 .8 7 0 7 10 |Kunz 10 10
iDr. nissell. 3 fHemlngray) 100 80n7 5 738 8 }J. Jones.... 20 100
Time— :25'4. :50^. 1:17. 1:11^ At post 1 minute. O«t at 4:18'^. Caronal. place. 4-5
phow, 2-.">. Illowaho, place. 4; show, 3-2. King.- ehow. ]-3r- Winner, b. c. by St.- Carlo-
Orellana. Trained by C. W. PTiappclle. S?ratched — Lord Melbourne. Start rood Won
ea'ily. Next three driving. "Winner circled his company, winning easily Illowaho ran
his racj. Forest King quit. So did Colonel Van. Billy Moore can do better. Rio Chlco
displayed e. trace of speed. ¦
' More than $10,000,000 worth of sport
ing goods were sold in the. United States
last year.
Man's recuperative power after an in-
Jury is in an inverse ratio to his social
advancement.
Corbett and Dwycr After Duckfi.
• JIafry/.Corbett and T>ick Dwyer, the
starter, left yesterday, for a -couple. 61
days' duck ' shooting t in' the : San Jo^
qu^hryplley^yDwyer-islbestjknpwnjas
a pigeon shot.' while Corbett's strong
hold- !3, bear, shooting, to "hear Colonel
Brady tell of his prowess.
: A private of an infantry, battalion
stationed at llhow, India, was recently
sentenced to 168 hours'; hard labor for
calling his lance corporal a "Brodrick."
The private, after - being sentenced;
asked the court -whether he was be
ing punished ;for insulting* the Secre
tary,of State fcf AVar.or the lance cor
poral. -The court remained silent:—
London: Mail.
Which Was Insulted;
CHICAGO, -Dec. 15.— Jack O'Keefe
of. Chicago .was given the decision over
Gus Gardiner of Philadelphia after, six
rounds of tame^figh ting here to-night.
Neither; man "was damaged to any
great extent and the verdict went to
O'Keefe on points.
Jack O'Kcefc Wins on Points.
A teacher in our graded schools was
Impressing" on the pupils In her class
the great value of the Atlantic cable In
bringing the different countries closer
together, keeping thenvln touch with
each other, thus promoting their so- 1
cial and commercial relations. She'
dwelt at length upon her explanation,
and when she had made. her point very
clear, by way of summing up What
she had said, she asked the question.
"Now how many can -tell me what
one thing unites more' people than any
other thing In our world?"
One hand rose higher than the rest.
"Bertha, you maytell us; .class, list
en," ' said the teacher.-
VMatrimony," ' said Bertha.—Wom
an's Home Companion. \
Sometimes It Separates.
A new machine gun invented by a
young soldier named Eugene Dumor
tier of the One Hundred and Forty-fifth
Infantry Regiment is receiving the
close attention of the committee on
new inventions a*t the French "War Of
fice. Dumortier claims that the gun
will; completely sweep a given zone,
leaving no intervening space in which
It would be comparatively safe for any
body of troops to move. While one bat
tery of the gun is flrtng at a range of
2000 yards another will simultaneously
fire at 300 yards. Increasing or dimin
ishing its range as may be necessary.
The gun rests on a, four-wheeled car
riage and works on an adjustable
swivel- steel platform, so that it can be
turned^ in any direction. Each of the
two batteries has ten barrels, and the
magazine 'Is: loaded automatically, it
is said that 450' Lebel balls can be fired
per minute.— Xew Tork ¦ Commercial
Advertiser. •¦•>,• ;:*•;• •_ ¦ ;¦ . ¦-.'•_ .*¦¦ ->
A Xew Machine Gun.
BOS'TOjN'. Dec. 15.— One of the most
uninteresting ; bouts eyer held in this
.city resulted in a decision for -Jack
Munroe of Butte, Mont., over AY Lim
erick of Buffalo in the third round of
what was, to' have been a fifteen-round
contest, before the Criterion Club.
Limerick showed little knowledge of
boxing and- Munroe had no difficulty
.!n~ landing at -will.
Jack .JIunroc Defeats limerick* y
A Bankrupt by* Promotion.
The cost of a commission in the Brit
ish army is well illustrated in the case
of Lieutenant and Riding Master Em
mery of the Royal Irish Lancers, who
•has- just gone into bankruptcy, with
-liabilities amounting 'to $3670. Twenty
five years- ago he enlisted In the regi
ment as a private. He gained an hon
orary commission in 1894. with an al
lowance of $750 to cover his expenses.
He was called ' on to spend for new
clothes,' $470; for two horses,- $250; for
transit of family to India, $75; for fur
i nishing quarters, $600; and for saddlery,
$100.: a total of $1495, or $745 more than
the Government allowed him. To help
out he had to go to a money lender for
a considerable i part 1 of the 1 balance, so
that he Avas really insolvent from the
day he got his commission. Not much
encouragement for "rankers" in this.—
London NewsN _¦'¦'. '., -.'•¦,
T. C. Horrigan has been granted a
temporary license by Peer Tiffany,
secretary of the California Coursing
Committee, pending a meeting of the
committee, to open a coursing park in
DIxon. The first meeting will be run
on Sunday, when Martin Kerrigan will
judge and a local man will handle the
slips. Sacramento owners will pro
vide the majority of the greyhounds.
Coursing at Dixon.
The convicts in the Ohio penitentiary
now number 1456. against 2566 in hard
times.
1:15 1-5. . - ;
Third Trace, five furlonss— Little Jack Hor
ncr: wen. Sea Shark second. Demurrer third.
Tin-.*, l:C2 3^.) . :'
Fourth race, handicap. mile— Lou Dorsey
won. Dan McKenna seeo'nd, _ Huzzah third.
Timf. 1 :42 : "-''.- '7 - . ,,
Fifth race, one anfl an eighth miles, selllnfr—
SIddenv: won, Little Elkln second. Trocadero
third. Time, 1:54. . >
.Sixth -race, five furlongs— Klnc Croker won,
Myrondalq second, Mordella third. ' Time,
1,:C2 2-5. * .
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 15.— -Crescent City
.results:
, First • race, seven furlon?8— Hands Across
won. Radser second, Anti-Trust third. Time,
l:20"l-S. '\ , . * . . •
; - Sfrcorul race. i\x furlonsrs— Foxy Kane won.
Floyd : M. second. Van >Ness third. Time.
XEW ORLKAXS RACE RESULTS.
rirst race — Sallle Goodwin, Mounte
bank, Pnsa In Boots. .
Second race — Ztockaway, Military Man,
Darsrin.
• ; Third race — Avenjrer, Doric e, Miss
Kinglets. - t .
Fourth race — Proper, Oarimaa. Faul
conbrirlffe. \ .
Fifth race — Sal Sam, Glendenninar,
Jockey Club.
Sixth race— Lord Melbourne, Bosarle,
Royalty. . . /
PROBABLE WINNERS.*
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 15.— As the
lights of the car from which sh.e had
just stepped to-nigh,t. homeward bound,
passed on and left Miss Maggie Funk
standing in the darkness she was con
fronted by a bearded highwayman, who
demanded her money.
1 "I don't know how it happened." said
Miss: Funk in describing the next two
minutes, "but I hit him blows, on the
head with the porcelain handle of my
umbrella and he was awfully surprised
and dropped his revolver. Then x I
screamed and threw the umbrella at
him. . He swore at me, but he ran
away. "
' "I would never have done it .except
that I remembered I had my month's
salary and two diamond rings in my
"purse."' J
Miss Funk is a bookkeeper in a
wholesale hc-.:se. *>*. T
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young.. Bookkeeper Uses Her
Umbrella Handle Effectively
When- Held' Up at Night
Sixth race — Mils and fifty yards; 3-year-olds
and up: gelling:
«5447)*nosHrle (C. W. Chappell)... 1C3
5447 'Kitty Kelly iW. L. Stanf.eld) 103
5150 'Pearl Diver (Carlylc & Co.) ;.. 97
McUrathinra Prince (H. T. Oxnard)..llf>
Jpnc Holly <J. Yeaser & Co.) .......110
MM (H. Green) '....103
54.^ Discus Uohnson & Dodson) 105
(5450)*L*rd Melbourne (Bender & Co.). 102
. 'Apprentice allowance.
olds and up: soiling: I
3423 'Glendenninp (W. B. Sink) 102
r>210 Americano (E. J. Baldwin): 113 1
5406 T^uts Wacner (McAllister & Co.)...l<Wi
4486 •Mlm.-i (P. Sheridan) 1<«
•Lansdownp (E. Fitzgerald) !»7 I
54u3 Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) 107 »
The Stetvardr>s>s (C. A. Johnson) .105
.... »Mar!!n (C. T. Hcnshall) 03
<54."D*Xervator (BootH. & Hollenbeck) 06
M00 Arcade (Jennings & Co.) 107
Mis »Sad Sam <H. Green) HO
(5445)Jcckey Club (W. Fisher) : 1C.5 I
GIRL THRASHES
A HIGHW ATMAN
A handicap tournament over eight
een holes, medal play, for the mem
bers of the Ladies' Annex of the San
Francisco Golf Club was set down on
the schedule for yesterday morning.
But. as only five ladies put In an ap
pearance on the links, the event was
not held. The Iadie3. however, en
gaged in a sweepstakes, the winner
being Mrs. R. G. Brown.
Golf Ladles Play a Sweepstakes.
The farmers. of the United States are
apparently- -making- no effort to reap
any part of" this golden harvest for
themselves. The census of 130C showed
t5ie total 'number of goats'iri the United
States to be less than two millions, and
when it is understood that the skins
of probably twenty million gcats were
required to make; the $15,000.000 < worth
imported last year Jt can. be -seen that
the supply from the United'States could
have formed but a small share, of the
total consumption. Yet the fact that
a large share of our supply Of this im
portant import comes, frnm India,
China, France and Mexico suggests
that there are large areas in" the United
States which might procace gnats suc
cessfully and in sufficiently large num
bers to supply the entire honv? demand.
—Harper's Weekly.
A new industry is offering itsalf to
the farmers and manufacturers of the
United States. The fact thai $1:5,000,003
worth of goatskins are now annually
imported into the United States and
that our enterprising manufacturers
are now obliged to send half-way
around the world for a large s^hare of
them suggest that the farmers of this
country have a great opportun:ty to put
a large share of this sum into their own
pockets ar.d that the entire turn may
be divided between our producers and
manufacturers. Importations of goat
skins into the United . Spates .now
amount to about $25,000,000 per annum,
ar.d a large share of these are brought
from India. China, Arabia ar.d South
eastern Russia. The increasing popu
larity of certain classes of kid leather
for footwear, as well as gloves, has
greatly increased the demand for.goat
skins in the United States within recent
years. In 1SS5 the value of goatskins
imported was aoout $4,000,000; bj* 1S90
it had prov.n to $9,000,000; by 189S it
vas 515.000.000; in 1S00 it was $22,000,000,
and in 1S03, in round numbers, $25,050,
ooo. -: v;.:'V ¦ '
A New and Profitable Industry Offer
ing Itself to the Farmers of
Tills Country.
MILLIONS ARE PAID
FOR GOATSKINS
Four Const Players for Brooklyn.
Danny Long, acting for Ned Hanlorv
of the Brooklyn Baseball Club, has
signed four stars of the Pacific Coa*t
League. They are Dillon, Lumley,
Nadeau and Van Buren. It was a
surprise to have Dillon desert Mor
ley. as It was given out that he would
captain the Los Angeles team for at
least another season. It la reported
Doc Newton, the Angels' pitcher, will
again don a Brooklyn uniform.
The bill provides that a fireproof
building for the use and accommoda
tion of the Patent Office of the United
States, including a hall of inventions,
and for such other purposes as Con
gress may direct, shall be erected east
of the Canitol, between East Capitol
and B streets north and First and Sec
ond streets, on the plats, of ground
numbered 726, 727 and 72S. So much of
A street and Maryland Avenue and. of
all such alleys as are now embraced in
such area shall be comprehended In the
site of said building. 'The acquisition
and preparation' of the site and" the
construction of said buildings shall be
In charge of^a commission composed. of
the Secretary of the- Interior, the.Com
missioner of Patents, the First 'Assist
ant Secretary of^ the Interior, the su
perintendent of the library of Congress
and the superintendent of the Capitol,
to be known-as the Commissioners of
the' Patent Office.. The Secretary of the
Interior shall be president of the com
mission.' ' ! '
The Commissioners shall *pay for the
site proposed not, more..'. than $600,000,
and if tbey-eannot purchase all parcels
composing the site for prices ; not ex
ceeding a proper proportion-^ of the
$600,000 they shall enter condemnation
proceedings in the Supreme Court of
the District of Columbia for acquiring
the balance of the land.
The Commi.=Eioners-of the Patent Of
fice shall without delay advertise, for
architectural designs for the /building
to be'erected, and the building shall be,
as nearly as practical and suitable, sim
iJar in external appearance and dimen
sions to the building -of the < library, of
Congress^ It-shall contain suitable .of
fire*s for the. accommodation ; of- the
Commissioner of Patents and the work
ing-force of the Patent Office, suitable
rooms', for- the' storage of .'records : and
other matters pertaining to the-Patept
office, and a great ''hall of inventions"
for the- display of the' models and tie
signs of inventions and for their ar
rangement, as far as may be so, so as
to show their evolution and develop
ment. The CommissioneVs are directed
to offer the sum of $5000 for the best
design for the building, and to accept
such design as they may consider, the
best offered. The entire cost of the
' building, shall not exceed $5,000,000.
A bill to provide for the construction
of a building for the Patent Office of
the United States, including a hall of
inventions, has been introduced in the
Senate by Senator Daniel.
Bill Providing Therefor Introduced In
Senate — Site to Cost
$800,000.
NEW BUILDING FOR^
C. S. PATENT OFFICE
The far-famed Carlisle Indian foot
ball team is en route West to meet the
Reliance All-California eleven, the
strongest football aggregation seen
here in many years. In its line-up will
be the strongest players of ¦'¦ the Re
liance team, together with those of ths
University of California, Stanford Uni
versity and the University of Nevada,
The Indians will play the University
of Utah at Salt Lake City on Satur
day. They will leave for this city on
Sunday and are due here on Tuesday.
This will give them ample opportunity
to recover from .the trip across the
continent and' be in form for the
Christmas'day game.
Manager "Pete" Smith of the Re
liance team will have two star elevens
on the fleid and expects to,, change
nearly all the men in the second half.
A number of the players are already in
active practice, while the college men
wllj settle down to work after to-mor
row, when the Christmas examinations
will be ended. There are available
seven halfbacks, three fullbacks and
three quarterbacks.
The University of Nevada will con
tribute A. Steckel, the left tackle, and
Captain Smith, left end. to the- line-up.
There will be a gigantic center trio.
Kavanaugh, weighing 265 pounds, will
play center. For guards there will be
Hauverman, 210 pounds, and Hobbs, 240
pounds. Heitmuller, weighing 190
pounds, will play right tackle, and
Hamilton, the same weight, will play
rlght end. Steckel will play tackle and
Smith and Paul Tarpey will alternate
at left end. Smock will play at tackle.
Belknap. Gillis and Holt will be avail
able for quarterback. Among the half
backs will be Geissler, Mueller, Graves
and Woolridge. The fullbacks include
Atkinson, Schofield and McGilvray.
The Reliance team will play the
Multnomah. Athletic Club team in Poit
land on New Year's day. It is possible
a game will be played with the Che
ma wa Indians on the following day.
Amateur Reinsmen and Poloists Will
Contribute Toward Its Construction.
The members of Golden Gate Park
Driving Association met last night in
the Palace Hotel and discussed the
raisins' of funds for the proposed new
speedway in the park. The Commis-
Fioners have outlined an ambitious af
fair, which will cost nearly $60,000.
This will include a sneed track of
three-quarters of a mile, a polo field,
football gridiron and cinder path. The
field will bo in an amphitheater,
around the Fides of which there will
be promenades and benches for spec
tators. It will be easily accessible
by street cars and is expected to prove
a marked attraction when completed.
It will start 'at the foot of Straw
berry hill and will include a part of
the present speedway. The polo en
thusiasts have volunteered to sub
scribe handsomely and it is expected
the necessary funds will be readily
forthcoming. The Commissioners do
not expect the entire amount to be
made up by subscription.
Only four players appeared on tne
Euriingame Country Club polo field
yesterday and instead of a match tn«
gentlemen ] resent. Messrs. Driscoll,
Dunphy. McCreerj' and Carolan. took
the opportunity to put their green co
nies through pome --severe practice.
Beginning on Christmas day. it is the
intention of the club to give a polo car
nival wh'ch shall continue until New
Y.car's ciay. The principal events will
be on the bolld&ys and on the Sunday
that falls between. A number of out
side players trill be on hand and livly
polo is expected. The carnival will cul
minate with a magnificent ball to be
piven on New Year's night under tne
auspices of the Burlingame Country
Club at the clubhouse.
It is proposed to organize an associa
tion to -promote the sport and Increase
interiFt in it. One of the first affi'.r3
to b': undertaken under its auspices
will be a polo tournament in March, in
which English and Hawaiian teams
will participate, as well as two from
the r-outh. Altogether the plans for
future Fr>ort by the club are of th€
most elaborate character.
DISCUSS NEW PARK SPEEDWAY
The fifth round found Tommy forc
ing matters again, but the end was in
sight, as Woods put in a left to the
head' that made Reilly reel, while an
other to the body put Tom to the mat
for eight seconds. Tommy went to the
floor again and it looked all off- for
the white man, when he suddenly rallied
and gave Woods a stiff left swing that
caught the colored man on lie head.
A %ecc-nd later, though, another stom
ach puncft sent Tommy down for nine
seconds. Woods waited and a third one
all but settled It. the bell saving Tom.
Reilly was weak when the sixth and
last began. He tried to force matters,
but his blows lacked force. Woods
went in and floored the white man four
times, and up went the sponge.
Spike Foley get the decision in four
rounds over Paul Crum. Jack Madden
was given the decision over Jack Duffy
in the second round, after the referee
refused to allow. Duffy's claim of foul.
Woods fought Tommy into the Reilly
cc-rner in the , opening of . the fourth
round, but Tommy got out and gave
the colored man a bunch of stingers
to the face that drew blood freely.
Billy sent Reilly to the floor with a
left to. the jaw and Tommy took nine
seconds. The white man was floored
again, but pulled himself together and
Woods was missing body punches at
the end of the round.
REILLY'S BLOWS LACK FORCE.
Reilly opened up round one with live
ly leading and a cheer from the shoit
enders went up when Woods went to
the floor before the gong had barsly
ceased Its din. Then Reilly went to the
floor, but they were together in a few
seconds, driving their heavy rights and
lefts to head and body, hammering
without a second's let up. • One stiff
left to the* body sent KeilTy to' the
ropes. Up he came at the colored rrian
and floored Woods in a. mixup of
punching. Tommy was a bit tired
when % the bell rang for corners.
j Barely was the second round on be
fore Woods sent Reilly to the ropes
with a stomach smash. They got to
gether and it was fast work. Xear the
end of the round Woods put in his
right to the stomach and Reilly was
all but gone when the gong sounded.
Tommy forced matters upon the
opening of the third round. There was
a hot exchange and Woods tried but
missed several stiff fines at Rellly's
head. In a rally Woods landed his left
on Reilly's stomach and the white man
went down. A second time he .was
joited to the floor, but was up again
in six seconds and fighting hard. In
the battling Reilly was damaged badly
and wer.t to his corner tired.
WOODS IS KNOCKED DOWN.
Billy Woods, the Los Angeles colored
middle-weight, finished Tommy Reilly
in the sixth round last night at the
Sequoia Club, Oakland. While Tommy
was being counted out by George Har
ding, the timekeeper, Reilly's seconds
threw up the sponge and Referee iSd
dle Graney gave the fight to the dark
skinned pugilist.
At no time did Reilly have a chancs.
That he was not knocked out in the
second and again in the fifth round
was due to the timely sounding of the
bell. Despite the manifest superiority
of Woods, the pair put up five and a
half rounds of as furious fighting as
any patron of the sport could hope to
witness in years. Wfjods did the trick
with his terrific stomach and body
smashes; They would have downed
better men than Reilly and the wonder
was how he lasted a second after tak
ing some of Woods' punches.
Billy Jordan's warning that beta
would be called off if there should be
any sign of "fake" was unnecessary so
far as the result showed. The veteran
announcer said there had been rumors
about that the fight did not look right.
There was not anything left of the
gossip after the contest ended. Old
timers set the bout as a mark for swift
work. Tommy did not show up phys
ically as strong appearing as Woods.
While the colored man was In fine fet
tle, Reilly seemed a bit fat and his skin
did not have a healthy glow. The
white fighter was extremely nervous
from the first. He forced the game
from the start of nearly every round.
His opponent took things more coolly
and waited for his chance to send in
those stomach Jolts that finished Tom
my. Woods covered better and Reilly's
drives at the head, were too oftsn
smothered to be effective.
The trouble is all over terms. Man
ager Ezra Decoto sent a representative
to Denver to meet Barnard, manager
for Minnesota, to arrange terai3 if pos
sible. The California • representative
notified Decoto yesterday that an
agreement had been made and it
seemed nothing further stood in the
way of a game. Briefly, the terms were
that California would pay the traveling
expenses of twenty Mrnnesotana to the
coast and maintain them in San Fran
cisco for ten day,s, California to assuru*
all the financial burden.
Manager Decoto received a telegram,
to-day from Dr. H. L. Williams, chair
man of the Minnesota athletic commit
tee. Insisting that all the terms agreed
to by Manager Barnard be strictly
lived up to and enumerating some of
the articles he supposed were contained
in the contract. These articles called
for bringing the visitors out over the
Burlington route as far as Omaha,
thence over the Denver and Rio Grande
road to Oregon, with stopover privi
leges, and return by way of Los An
geles; incidental expenses amounting
to $250, telegraph expenses $30 and ex
penses for representative to Denver $40.
Manager Decoto at once placed him
self in communication with California's
representative, who had by this time
reached Na^r Mexico. He discovered
(he agreement called for none of the
luxuries mentioned by Dr. Williams.
He then wired Dr. Williams, demand
ing that he either accept the agree
ment as it stands or quit altogether.
Manager Decoto is awaiting a reply to
his last dispatch and upon it depends
whether there will be a game on New
Year's day or not.
The hesitating conduct of the Minne
sota representatives is thought to be
due to the failure of their Denver agent
to get more liberal terma, though he.
was clothed with full power to act
when he set out to meet the California'
representative.
BERKELEY, Dec. 15.— Complications
that arose to-day between the business
representatives on both sides threaten
to be the cause of the abandonment of
the proposed game between the foot
ball elevens of the University of Cali
fornia and of the University of Michi
gan on Xew Year's day.
Although One Sided the Bout
Proves One of the Most
Exciting Held in Oakland
The Clubhouse AVill Be Gayly
Decorated for the First Big
Social Event of the Season
AVires East That the Original
Terms Must Be Accepted or
There AVill Be No Contest
Fifth race — Five and a haif furionss: 3-ycar-
Burns waited patiently for an open
ing cm the rail, but it did not come,
and at the head of the stretch he
found himself pocketed. Taking his
mount back, he intended to go around
the leaders, but just then Booker, on
Muresca, lay over from the rail, when
quick as a gopher dives into his hole
Burns was there with Rogue.
Then ensued a terrific drive to the
wire. Royal Rogue getting the decision
by a nose from Beau Ormonde. Mu
resca dropped back beaten and Arabo
took the show. When Burns came out
from the paddock the crowd gave him
a hearty welcome and after his superb
finish it swelled to the proportions of
an ovation.
No better card could be desired for
an ordinary day than the one fur
nished, and ,as four favorites won the
talent got the money. The weather
was cloudy and threatening. The
track was good, but not fast.
Four to five against Constellator in
the betting on the opening sprint looked
a liberal price. . Hildebrand had the
mount and the Brutus galdir.g won all
the way. Evander, after b^ing the
runner up for quite a way, fell, back
and Dora I downed Bee Rosewater for
the place.
LORD WADSWORTII IS CLEVER.
Garnet Ferguson's colt Lord Wads
worth took" the maiden two-year-old
purse. The youngster closed favorite
over Ebony and outbreaking his fie.d
at the start was never in difficulty.
Ebony came from behind urnl'-r HlluV
brand's urging, beating out Andrew B.
Cook for place honors.
Dupont, the Green Morris entry In
the mile and a furlong selling run,
proved a bitter disappointment. Bet
tors accepted 4 to 5 about him and the
best Jack Martin could do was to drop
the big fellow in third. Cougar, a 12
to 1 shot. r!Cdtn by Charley Kelly,
made all the running and scored clev
erly at the wire from Veterano.
The crp.ck Eastern mudlark, Ahunia
da. made his California debut in Uie
seven-furlong purse run. Dr. Kyle's
horse ran an excellent race under J.
Jones' niloting, but was held safe
throughout by the . favorite. Epicure,
losing in a mud drive by a neck. Lead
er, a- wellTplayed one from the Jennings
stable, finished third.
Because ot the presence in the saddle
of Tommy Burns, Forest King went to
the post favorite for the. concluding
mile felling affair. Tommy's mount
was prominent from the jump, but il
was r.ot in the cards, and he ran into
the show. Caronal. with Hildebrand in
the saddle, came from behind in the
stretch, running home an easy winner
over Illowaho.
NOTlA OF. THE TRACK.
Hildebrand piloted .. two winners.
-Cheeny. one of the starters in the
maiden "two-year-old event, fell at the
three and a half furlong pole with Iva
Powell. The latter was taken to the
track hospital and . attended by Dr.
Dunn, who. found the clever light
weight had suffered a fracture of a
email bone in one; of 'his ankles.
The $1000 handicap at one and a six
teenth miles is the feature yvent of
to-day's card. Among the starters are
the good Eastern performers Oarsman
and Faulconbridge*. Fossil, , another
starter, and winner of the Crocker sell
ing stake, meets'" his old rival, Ho
ratiue. on equal terms.
In the last event Jane Holly, holder
of the world's record of 1:18 3-5 for six
and a half furlongs, the entry of
"Plunger" Joe Ycager, makes her Cali
fornia debut. < , ¦
Nearly all of the books quit loser on
the day. "
Peter J. appeared, to have lost none
of his speed, but failed to . stay the
route. /
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY. V
: First rare— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; selling: „'"./. ."' - irv»
64:28 'Th'.sbe (J- E. Strite) }<»
4222 Huncartan (Porter- & Dunn)... }«
.... Emshee (C. T. H«nshall> ....... ;}»
M4O •Sallie Goodwin (L.. Francis) 100
B330 Arthur Ray (J. U Clayton & Co.)... ,122
Milliary (W. Durker). 110
5.TTK Merwan <J. J. McAlester) 100
5428 Marcea (R. E. Dolan)* ..114
T.f.W fl'uss In Bocts fA. Josephs). ......... ..104
M2* Alice Caw (H. E.. Remell):-.. -.¦.Ifr4
r.4"" 1 . •CHvobo <W. D. -Randall) ......112
•542S "Mountebank (Keating & Co.)...... . .109
3 Second race— Six <ur!ongs; two-r«a>-olds ;
PUrSe Virginia Boy (C. A. Johnscn). 102
Mendon «A. F. Dayton). 1C0
B427 George Berry (Bottger & Co.). .. . . . .. .112
<r>433)Captaln Forsee (Alhambra Stable) 110
5460 nargln (B. Schreiber) ........ .\ . J05.
. . Rockaway (Burns &• ¦Water-house) llj
5432 Military Man (T. G. Ferguson)... . ... .1C3
? Third race— Seven ' furlongs; two-year-olds;
celling: > ¦ , '
S444 'Harbor (H. E. Rowell) ....102
5456 'Telephone (R. A. Smith).;.... 1C2
....Annie "H (C. Murray) .. .103
R4.V) 'Dorlce (B. / Schreiber) 104
545G E'.lc (G. Lanka)' . ;... 104
5450 .'Avenger (J. F." Schorr) 107
(5441)The Bugabco (Mi: Eppin/rer) ....'. 112
5446 'Foxy Grandpa <Mrs. J. Coffay).' .102
5450 Miss Ringlets <X.;G.: Ferguson): .... .102
54C0 'Red Crocs Nurse (G. P. Brown) . UK
4103 'Hoceo (Burns & Waterhouse).:. 102
; Fourth race—One and a sixteenth miles: han
dicap: all'aees: ; * ; \ ¦¦':¦,..
6411 Yelloti' TaU;(J. Hackett) ¦'... ....."... .112
;... Oarsman (L. Kempner) ; . . 11 1
(5.1SD) Proper. (Jennings ; & Co.) . ...»....'. ...\ 1 1 2
...... Faulconbrid«e (F. Houseman).'. ..'...•; ;10fi
tMX^Koisil^Parkeri&.Thwalte*)... ....... :1O9
5454 Blessed Damozel - <C. W. Chappell) *: . 00
«S455)Horatius <J. J. : McAIester) ....... .109
5431 lEhtar (A; Josephs);.. U5 ,
BURNS IS POCKETED.
As a curtain raiser, marking his first
appearance this season, Tommy Burns
rode a finish on James Nealon's horse
Royal Rogue in the six and a half fur
long handicap at Ingleside yesterday
that caused numerous spectators to
be seized with attacks of heart failure,
vertigo, spinal meningitis, lambitis and
sundry other diseases.
.. Originally Otto Wonderly was card
ed to ride the Nealon entry, but that
rider could not do 105 pounds, .so the
services of Burns were engaged. When
the betting began there was a terrific
plunge on Rogue, sending him to the
post equal favorite with the top
weight, Beau Ormonde, with Bull
man up.
/At the start Royal Rogue was. slow
to get in motion, but Burns slipped
along on the rail into third position,
Just behind the pacemakers, Muresca
and Beau Ormonde. . ,
LATTER WILL NOT AGREE
NEW YEAR'S NIGHT DANCE
ALL-CALIFORNIA ELEVEN
*-r~ " - P.
University and Club Men,
Famous on the Gridiron, ; to
Line Up Under Reliance Colors
BOTH^OXERS ARE FLOORED
Carlisle Will Play on Satur
day at Salt Lake City and
Will Then Come on Here
Keilly's Seconds Toss Up a
Sponge to Save Their Man
From Needless Punishment
The 3Iinnesotii Football Eleven
Makes Unexpected Demands
Upon Berkeley Management
An Ambitious Carnival Is
Scheduled for the Week Com
mencing on Christmas Day
HOLIDAY POLO
AT BURLINGAME
INDIAN TEAM
STARTS WEST
WOODS VICTOR
IN SIX ROUNDS
MAYCALL OFF
THE BIG GAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .DECEMBER 16, 1903.
SPORTS OF THE RAGE TRACK, THE POLO FIELD AND THE RING
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Pilots Royal Rogue in the Handicap at Ingleside and in
a Hair-Raising Finish Defeats Bullman on Beau Or
monde by a Nose—Epicure Too Speedy for Ahumada
tommy burns dons the silk
and Wins first time out
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CHBISTMAS GALL,
A NUMBER OF SURPASS-
ING ATTRACTIVENESS,
WILL BE ISSUED NEXT
SUNDAY, DECEM-
BER 20.
Place Yonr Orders Now
The most dlstfnmlsheA and
sumptuous paper of the Tuletide.
Iti fcrilllart vares contain contri-
butions from many lea&lajr writers
cl the fiay. and the strlldarly
characteristic work of Its - staff
contributors will make it a truly
delirbtXul and Interesting- paper.
With this issue will be present-
ed, absolutely free of charge.
"Decorating for. the Party," that
charralnjr picture by Brygon. "Dec-
cratinff for the Party" Is another
of the popular Gold Series, - rad.
like its companion pieces, "Se-
dorah." "Admiration" and ."At the
Opera," will adorn the walls of
many of the homes of the Great
West ' . .
rTeu-tSe&leri and agents will do
¦xell to order early, as tbs supply
is limited. 7
There are thousands of cheerless homes
Jn this country filled with discontent and
unhappiness. lacking in love and com- -
panionshlp through the sexual weakness
and phvsical impairment of a man whose
years do not Justify such a condition. In-
discretions, "abuses and recklessnes*
often cause a temporary cessation of vi-
tal power that instantly yields to the
wonderful treatment discovered by the
great specialist. Dr. H. C. Raynor. of De-
troit. Michigan. It has remained for this .
great physician to discover that sexual
weakness and similar troubles can be
cured and in remarkable short spaces of
time. This treatment does not ruin the
stomach, adding the miseries such injury
entails, but it is a new treatment that
easily and quickly restores youthful
vigor to men as old as 85. •
The discovery" is beyond doubt the
most scientific and comprehensive that
our attention has ever been called- to.
.FrV>m all sides we hear private repojrtsof
cures jn stubborn cases of sexual weak-
ness, enlargement of the prostate, varl-
cocx:!e. spermatorriiea. lost manhood, im-
potency. emissions, prematurity, shrunk-
en organs, lack of virile power, bashful-^
r.ess and timidity and like unnatural con-"
dltlons. It does this without appliances,
vacuum pumps, electric belts or any-
thing of that kind.
Satisfactory results. are produce*! in &
day's use and a perfect cure in a short
time, r-v-nrdless of age cr the cause of
vour ocTJition. . .
' The lucky discoverer simply desires to '
get in touch with all men who can make
U3« of such a treatment. They should
-address him in confidence. Dr. H. C. Ray.-
j nor. 177 I.uck building. Detroit. Mich.,
and. immediately on receipt of your nftmn
and address it is his agreement with thla
1 paper to send you a free receipt or for-
1 mu'.a of this modern treatment by whica
', von can cure youraell at horn*.
SENT FREE TO ALL WHO
APPLY IN WRlTINd
A Michigan Specialist ;Finds an Easy
Way to Cure Any Case of Sexual
Weakness Even In the Oldest Men.
This Wonderful Cure Has a Most
Marvelous Record of Successes.
Weakness in MenGeorgre P." Beck, who on November
27 was arrested on a charge of crim
inal conspiracy preferred against him
by David Wagner and who was ac-.
quitted by Judge Fritz a few days ago,
claims that Wagner was actuated by
maliciousness. Yesterday Beck filed
a suit for $20,000 damages against
Wagner. . '
Socks Damages for Arrest.
William O'Connor, better known as
"Willie" O'Connor, son of Cornelius
O'Connor, is very much wrought up
over the £act that his sister, Lily, re
fuses to allow him to handle any of
the O'Connor shekels. He wants her
cited to appear and show cause why
she should not be punished for con
tempt for failing to comply with a
court order directing her to allow him,
as one of the trustees of the O'Connor
estate, to have possession of $4402 of
the O'Connor cash, the O'Connor Bric
a-brac, the O'Connor plate and the
O'Connor furniture. In his petition
for the citation filed yesterday he says
that Lily completely overlooks him
and has repeatedly refused to recog
nize his rlghts/^MSH
•'Willie" O'Connor Is Worried.
Frank Pillsbury, former Yosemite
Valley agent for the Santa Fe road,
who mysteriously disappeared from
the company's local office four months
ago and who, it was thought for a
time, .had made away with himself,
has finally been located. Last week
one of the company's representatives,
while visiting Kansas City, encoun
tered Pillsbury on the street and
hailed him.
The letter stopped for a moment to
greet his acquaintance and then hur
ried on his way before the visitor
could question him regarding, his dis
appearance from this city. It was
staled at the Santa. Fe offices yester
day that the officials of the road no
longer entertain any interest in Pills
bury, further than for his safety, and
are offering him no inducements to
T«eturn to this city.
Frank Plllsbury, Who Mysteriously
Disappeared 'From Local Office,
Is Finally Located in East.
JUSSING SANTA FE AGENT
IS NOW IN KANSAS CITY
The trial of Frank J. Grundman for
the murder of Sheridan H. Chipman
at the offices of the Southern Pacific
Company, Fourth and Townsend
streets, on March 24. was continued
before a jury in Judge Cook> court
yesterday.
Mrs. Grundman was the first witness
for the defense. During the whole
time she was testifying Grundman sat
with his elbow on the table and his
hand covering his- eyes. She told of
her first meeting with- Chipman and
their subsequent relations down to the
day of the shooting. Several times
she had to stop while she wept and
sobbed. Her husband had discovered
that she had gone to Chlpman's room
and when he taxed her with it she
broke down and made a full confes
sion. •-'•>.•
Several character witnesses were
called, among them Colonel Thomas
O'Neil and others of the First Califor
nia Regiment, of which Grundman was
a member, holding the rank of lieu
tenant before the regiment returned
from Manila. • • .-^
Grundman will testify this morning,
which will close the case for the de
fense.
His Wife Tells of Her Relations With
Sheridan Chipinan, the Mur
dered Man.
WITNESSES TESTIFY IX
DEFENSE OF GRCXDMAX
Ilerrera Extradited
T_nue<2 states c;ourt commissioner
Heacock yesterday made an order for
the extradition to Valparaiso of Ed
ward Morgan Herrera, formerly a
clerk for the Government at that
place, who is alleged to have embez
zled $1050.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
in the United States District Court
yesterday as follows: Adolph Kocour,
furrier, San Francisco. liabilities
JSG95, assets S147T. Creditors of the
London and California Gold Mining
and Milling Company. Limited, filed a
petition to declare the company an in
polvent. They allege that Dennis
Donohoe Jr. is the acting attorney of
the corporation and that it owes up
ward of $6000. Gustav Thaler,
plumber and tinsmith, San Francisco,
liabilities $7343. assets $4015. also filed
a petition.
Petitions in Insolvency.
The prima donna was once more
given a chance , to 'take the center of
the stage. She made her entrance and
started to tell the audience that she
had r.ot asked her husband to write
East for an engagement for her. This
kind of advertising was objected to,
and the stage manager gave the fair
prima donna the cue to make her exit.
Maud Amber reluctantly gave up the
center of the stage and made her exit.
Mrs. Hawes' reputation was again
upheld by F. Englander, scenic artist.
Attorney Newbergh said he was ready
to bring forward prominent men to
swear that Wilkerson's reputation was
also very fine.
Judge Murasky will take the case un
der advisement and render if decision
after argument next Friday morning.
When the curtain was rung down the
audience left the theater in a peculiar
state of mind. It was unable to tell
who was the owner of the pinkrbaby
blue-cream-colored-red pajamas. Judge
Murasky will probably explain it all in
his decision.
According to Williams, the defend
ant stopped Mrs. Hawea on the street
and demanded whether she had told
stories about him to his wife. "Mrs.
Hawes said she had, and further said
something that linked his name with
Myrtle Rosedale, who played the part
of the 'Indian squaw.' "
"My God!" said Wilkerson. "Foiled
again," he added, and then smoked an
other cigarette.
PRIMA DONNA'S ENTRANCE.
The Ladies' Auxiliary to Camp Rein
hold Richter, Veterans of the Spanish-
American War, will give a Christmas
tree, and mistletoe party in the regi
mental armory, Page and Gough
streets, on the evening of next Satur
day, when music, fun and dancing will
be In order.
defendant, who was cast to play the
heavy villain.
Christmas Party.
Many of - the Eastern society leaders
will spend the winter on the coast, and
all will have a gras range In the kitchen
from S. F. Gas* and Elec. Co., 415 Post. •
Will Open Sabbath Sqhool.
A Sabbath school is to be opened
next Sunday at 652 Second" avenue,
Richmond district,. by the First United
Presbyterian congregation. The Rev.
H. H. Bell, M. D. R and several other
clergymen and prominent church
members will attend the inauguration
exercises.
The trial of John H. Powell on a
charge of murder was set for Decem
ber 23 by Judge Lawlor yesterday.
Powell and Charles Sullivan, who has
been convicted of murder In the sec
ond degree, were accused of shooting
and killing Special Policeman R. A.
Sample on Folaom street, between
First and Second, on the morning of
August 11. !?¦.•¦¦
Powell's Trial Is Set.
Charles Carroll, a switchman em
ployed by the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners, slipped from the top
of a freight ear on Nthe Belt Railroad
early yesterday morning and was
fatally injured. He fell between two
cars and was badly mangled before
the train stopped. He died shortly af
ter reaching the Harbor Hospital. He
resided at 11 Liberty street and reaves
a wife. He was a railroad man of
many years' experience and bore a
good reputation.
Killed on Belt Rnllroad.
\ccu«ed of Bnrsjlary.
John Beuttler of the Original Amer
ican Market, 728 Haight street, se
cured a warrant yesterday from Police
Judge Fritz for the arrest of Ernest
Thude on a charge of burglary. He
accuses Thude, who v.as formerly em
ployed by him, of breaking into the
premises on Saturday night and steal
ing some, money. He alleges Thude
was the only one who- knew where it
was kept.
As a result a compromise has now
been effected whereby, it is said, the
Orphans' Home will turn over to the
other beneficiaries the sum of $250,000,
and in addition agrees to have deducted
from Its share of the estate the indi
vidual devises, provided that all threat
ened litigation is abandoned.
<At the time the executors discovered
that Norton's will was subject to the
laws of California the heirs were pre
paring to contest his will on the ground
that the captain was not of sane mind
when he executed the document and
were preparing to dig up from the past
the many peculiar traits of the de
ceased, which had made him a famous
character in Louisville. This suit, how
ever, will now be dropped, and Execu
tors Norton and Barr are on their way
home, where they expect to quickly re
lieve themselves of the responsibilities
imposed on them by the will of Cap
tain Norton.
The estate of the deceased was val-
I ued at over $800,000, and of this, as
| stated before, the bulk was willed t<>
; the Orphans' Home, the heirs of the
; captain receiving sums ranging from
$1000 to $15,000. When the executors
entered upon their duties with a view
of settling up the estate and made a
trip to California to look over the
property located in this State they
were suddenly confronted with a pro
vision of the California law that pro
hibits a testator leaving more than one
third of his estate to a charitable or
ganization. The discovery caused no
e.pd of excitement among the benefi
ciaries of the will and the legal repre
sentatives of the Orphans* Home In
Louisville at once took steps to carry
the case into the courts in order to pro
tect the interests of the institution In
the estate of the captain.
The prospects of a long siege of liti
gation caused Executors Norton and
Barr to make another trip to this State,
where they engaged local legal talent
to clearly interpret the law of the
State. It was found that Norton had
renounced his citizenship in the State
of Kentucky and become a citizen of
California. His will having been exe
cuted in this State, there was no reason
to Question further the right to apply
the law of California in the matters of
the estate, and the executors so set
forth in a comrrvunicatlon sent to the
interested parties in Louisville.
COMPROMISE EFFECTED.
LEAKX MOHE OF LAW.
G. W. Xorton and James W. Barr,
the former a banker and the latter a
prominent attorney of Lo'nisville, are
registered at the Palace. The gentle
men are the executors of the estate
of the late Captain W. F. Norton, an
eccentric character of Louisville, who
left a large fortune, the bulk of which
was bequeathed to the Baptist Or
phans' Home of Kentucky, and it is
this particular bequest that has led
to much trouble in the settlement of
the estate and eventually upset the
original provisions of the captain's will.
Captain Norton, shortly before his
death, came to California and located
at Coronado, where he built himself
a beautiful home, in which he finally
died. His will provided that his body
should be cremated in Cincinnati and
money was set aside for a special train
to carry his relatives and friends to
the latter city, the desire having been
expressed by the captain that his fu
neral should be an occasion of merri
ment.
The gallery was ready to applaud if
he said that Wilkerson was an "un
fair house," but again Kolb retained
his presence of mind and coyly an
swered "that Wilkerson was no gen
tleman and his reputation was the
worst ever."
Kolb was subjected to a close cate
chistai at the hands of Attomew New
bergh. who played the part usually as
signed to Barney Bernard.
"Have you ever read a 'unanimous'
letter written about him?"
"Haw, haw! Vot do you mean?" re
plied Kolb, in his best dialect. "Are
you playing theater or chust ' mean
anon-non-non-mbus letter, don't you?"
•The stage manager prompted Attor
neyNewbergh, and the play continued.
Newbergh sprang some more dialect
and the audience enjoyed it. Kolb was
allowed to depart, and he sat in the
wings and watched^the rehearsal with
deep interest. ¦ ¦'.
Al Williams, alias Lyle Murphy, had
his lines down fine and needed no
prompting. He spoke dramatically.
He did not blink 'neath the calcium's
glare, and he glanced toward the back
benches in the hope that he would get
a "hand" from the gallery. 'Wilkerson
was absent from court", otherwise he
would have "frosted" the rehearsal.
Williams told of overhearing a conver
sation between Mrs. Ovita Leath-
Hawes and Ira Puerl Wilkerson, ithe
It was a tired bunch of soubrettes
and supers that attended the dress re
hearsal yesterday morning. In the
glare of the gaslight some of them
looked passe. The glitter of diamonds
loaned by the glass works, the/ sheen
of silks and fresh young faces that
usually peer over the footlights were
missing. Shapely limbs that usually
pirouette to sprightly tunes were hid
den by trailing skirts and picture hats
covered the fluffy hair of the fair mem
bers of the profession.
Judge Murasky played the part of
the leader of the' orchestra and he soon
had the instruments playing in har
mony. -
Attorney Humphrey opened the re
hearsal by calling William Kolb to the
stand. The tall and willowy, form of
the <Jerman. comedian pushed its way
toward the center of the stage. Seat
ing himself, he was ready to do a mon
ologue or piny to the gallery. He did
neither.
"Do you know Ira Puerl Wilkerson?"
asked Attorney Humphrey, who was
cast for the part of the inquiring rela
tive.
... V Sure, Mike.'i-. Kolb started to say,
but rememberingf he was not talking
to Partner Dill, replied, "Yes. I know
him."
"How's his reputation?"
Kolb's View of Wilkerson.
SOUBKETTES WERE TIRED.
As the curtain was rung down in
Judge Murasky's court yesterday the
actors in the divorce suit of Amber
Wilkerson against Ira Puerl, Wilkerson
took their departure from the impro
vised theater and hied themselves to
other scenes. Quite a large crowd filled
the courtroom and waited patiently for
Maud Amber to sing "Bedalia." but
were disappointed. However, they saw
"Clarence" Kolb in the original. Clar
ence took the morning off to attend
court and say that Ira Puerl was an
awfully bad man, and he did not talk
in dialect in his effort to convince
Judge Murasky.
There was no matinee performance
yesterday. The rehearsal in the morn
ing brought out the strength of Fisch
er's Theater. Chorus girls vied with
the prima donna for the center of the
stage and the glare of the calcium.
Although the playlet entitled "The Lost
Pajamas" was not finished the pre
vious afternoon, the audience made use
of "rain checks" and came back to see
the finish of the local problem play.
Judge Murasky' at. one time in his
career strode the boards and looked
yearningly up to Juliet's window and
sighed 'or the moon. As stage man
ager of the original drama he knew
when to give the leading lady her cue
and prompt the absent minded actors
in the performance.
For nearly an hour the firemen bat
tled with the flames. A hose was run
through the main entrance and the
firemen fought the ¦ flames from the
inside. Another stream played on
the roof and. into the burning apart
ments.
Mr. Babin was the heaviest loser
by the fire. He and his family occu
pied five rooms adjoining Mrs. Mar
tin's apartment and their contents
were totally, destroyed. lie had no In
surance on the personal property. His
loss is estimated at §10,000.
Mrs. Martin was also a heavy loser.
All her wedding presents were de
stroyed and her property was only
partly insured. The hotel property is
owned by H. Brandenstein and is fully
insured. Mr. and Mrs. Zan Beystain
conduct the hotel and whatever loss
they sustained is also covered by in
surance.
A swaying portiere in the rooms of
Mrs. Marie Martin became Ignited
by contact with a gas jet and caused
.a costly blaze in the Hotel Wellesley,
an apartment house, corner of Cal
ifornia and Larkin streets, yesterday
morning. Before the flames could be
extinguished by the Fire Department
the upper floor of the structure was
badly damaged. Guests lost heavily
by the blaze and there was great ex
citerflent in the house during the
progress of the fire.
Mrs. Martin had joined the other
guests at breakfast and all were en
joying their meal in the dining-room
on the first floor when the alarm of
fire was heard through the house.
Immediately there was great excite
ment. Many guests rushed to their
rooms to get their valuables and
others rushed into the street. The
halls were filled with smoke and the
flames could be seen licking their way
along the woodwork. Fortunately the
fire occurred when all the guests were
up- ,
. Adir.irrrs <if art thronged the upper
chamber of the Bohemian Club yester
day afternoon and inspected the paint
injrs constituting the seventh annuaJ
exhibition by the artist members of
that organization. It was en exclusive
invitation affair and from 2 til! 5 o'clock
the haJl was comfortably filled with
handsomely gowned women and their
escorts, while a steady countermarch
v.as kept up on the stairway. At least
one thousand persons went, saw ani
criticised. While there was variance
cf taste, of course, the criticism was
favorable as a whole. Comparison with
previous expositions was freely drawn,
and in no Instance was It in disparage
ment of the current show. Disciples
cf all "schools" were there, and while
each contingent gushed over the work
of its especial practitioners the output
of rivals was not belittled— that is,
audibly. Even the deadly «niff of in
difference was absent.
Tet all types of the dilettanti wore
represented. The voice of the out
spoken iTiember, who assumes to say
•what he thinks, and defies, if he does
not challenge, contradiction, was heard
In the hall, but if he threw down any
r&untlets they were not picked up.
And the cautious member — mostly fem
inine—was traditionally careful to ab
stain from venturing any comment that
might provoke discussion. Indeed a
more conservative congregation of con
noiFPeurs never inspected a collection
cf canvases in San Francisco.
There were numerous expressions of
regret that more of the exhibits were
not marked "Sold," and one richly at
tired matron, after she had exhaustive
ly viewed a picture bearing that much
desired Inscription, opsniy expressed
Borrow that she had not oeen afforded
opportunity to bid for it. Then she
¦wondered how many dollars had been
exchanged for it, who the purchaser
was and whether he would sell it again
at a reasonable profit. All of vhich
sounded as sweet music to thi tars of
the artist? who overheard and who saw
to it that the lady did not pursue the
remainder of her tour of inspection un
attended.
The statuary, too, came in for much
attention. The competing designs for
the proposed Bret Harte monument
were closely scanned, ana tho favori* -
ism for "Luck of Roaring Camp" as
a them*? was noted by all present.
The exposition will continue till De
cember 23. and the club's committee on
art— Charles J. Dlckman, V/illis E. '
Davis ancj Hrederic W. Ha!l— will be:
pleased to furnish any information that !
is net imparted by the official cata- :
logue. 1
Evecutors of Eccentric Man's
Estate Here Looking Into
.the Legal Phases of Case
Department Has a Hard Fight
to Save the Big Building
From Total Destruction
Judge Frank J. Murasky Will
Render His Decision in the
Divorce Case on Friday
Exhibit Loses No Prestige by
Comparison With Any One
of Its Six Predecessors
CHARITY LOSES BIG SUM
PORTIERES ARE IGNITED
ARGUMENTS TO BE HEARD
SHOW PRONOUNCED GOOD
Fire at the Hotel Wellesley
Does Great Damage and the
Patrons Suffer Heavy Losses
Comedian William Kolb Says
That Ira Puerl Wilkerson's
..Reputation Is Very Bad
Bohemian Club Artists Have
Their Work Inspected by
Many Critical Visitors
Beneficiaries of Kentuckian's
Will Invoke Assistance of
California's Probate Laws
After the programme the members
and their guests remained for a cup of
tea and a pleasant reception closed the
afternoon.
Members of the California Club
crowded the rooms yesterday in the
Y. M. C. A. building and enthusiastic
ally applauded a most interesting and
comprehensive programme. Parlia
mentary, French, music and current
topics and physical culture sections
'were embraced in the programme,-
Hvhich was in charge of the Depart
ment of Education. Miss Mary Fair
brother ably represented the parlia
mentary section, . of which she is the
head. Madame Emilia Tojetti, leader
of the music section, gave a delightful
talk on Chopin, with piano selections
by Miss Julia Rapier Tharp as illus
trations. Miss Tharp's numbers were
beautifully rendered.
Miss Laura Musto and Miss Emilia
Kalisher gave a charming scene entire
ly in Franch from Moliere's "Bour
gois Gentilhomme."
William Greer Harrison conducted a
physical culture drill with twenty
members of the club, many of whom
wore their gymnasium costumes.
The current topics section was well
represented by Miss Kate Whitaker,
who spoke entertainingly upon "Eng
lish Public Schools. 1 ' Mrs. J. W. Orr,
who is at the head of the department
of education. presided with Mrs.
George Law Smith, president of the
club. ' -. - "¦'• -v "¦¦•' (
Mrs. Eugene Freeman gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday at the Knicker
bocker on Van Ness avenue. The dec
orations were in red, with a profusion
of holly and foliage. After the luncheon
the guests enjoyed a game of cards.
Among those present were Mrs. George
Moore, Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs.
Frank Bates, Mrs. E. A. Belcher, Mrs.
Eugene Bresse, Mrs. Howard Holmes,
Mrs. Willis Davis, Mrs. James Irvine,
Mrs. Winfleld Scott Davis. Mrs. George
Cameron and Miss McBride.
* - • •
Mrs. Van Arsdale entertained the
members of the Ladies 1 Army Card
Club yesterday afternoon in her apart
ments at the Crocker. The rooms were
made artistic with white and yellow
chrysanthemums. In addition to the
members there were present: Mrs. Lo
gan. Mrs. Luke, Mrs. Palmer and Mrs.
Young.
Miss Edith McCabe was hostess at
a delightful card party yesterday after
noon at the Sorosis Club, wherp seven
ty-five friends were entertained. The
rooms were prettily decorated with red
berries and foliage. Miss McCabe was
assisted in receiving and keeping the
scores by Miss Edith Gaskill, Miss
Edith Mathews, Miss Florence Yates
and Mrs. Sherwood Hopkins .Adams.
Among those present were Miss Jac
queline Moore, Mrs. Henry Lund Jr.,
Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss Florence
Hush, Mrs. Irving Lundborg. Miss Elise
Gregory, Miss Fore, Miss Ethel Cooper,
Mrs. Fred Jacobs, Miss Edna Dickin3,
Miss Helen Dickins, Miss Marietta
Havens, Mrs. Allen Chickjering, Mrs.
Dan Belden and Mrs. George Toland
Cameron.
Miss Edna Middleton gave a charm
ine tea at her home on Green street
yesterday afternoon between the hours
of 4 and 6 o'clock. The decorations
were holly, mistletoe, madroxte berries
and foliage. One hundred caliers were
graciously received by the young hos
tess, who was assisted by Mrs. Harry
Bates. Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss
Jane Sweigert, Miss Florence Cole, Miss
Jane Wilshire, Miss Paula Wolff, Miss
Maylita Pease £nd Miss Bell* Harmes.
* . • *
A pretty dinner was given at the
University Club last evening by Miss
Bernie Drown, complimentary to her
debutante sister. Miss Newell Djown.
The table was decorated with Christ
mas berries and red-shaded candelabra.
Twenty young men and women were
present and were extended most cordial
hospitality.
Henry T. Scott was host at a dinner
dance last evening at nis handsome
residence at the corner of Clay and
Laguna streets in honor of Miss Mar
garet Newhall, the debutante daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. William Mayo New
hall. The spacious rooms were lavishly
decorated with a profusion of red and
pink roses, carnations, palms and other
foliage. White predominated in the
dining-room decorations. The table
was* made artistic with white carna
tions and lighted by candelabra with
pink shades. Covers were laid for six
teen guests and more were invited for
the evening, the entire party number
ing sixty. The dinner was followed by
informal dancing and at midnight a
dainty supper was served. " v
FIERCE BLAZE
ALARMS GUESTS
NORTON HEIRS
SCORE A POINT
STAGE PEOPLE
ARE WITNESSES
LOVERS OF ART
VIEW PICTURES
HENRY SCOTT
THE HOST AT
DINNER DANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1903.
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews' • Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery st., under Russ House,
and see large stock of diamonds, watches
& Jewelry at lowest prices. Openevgs. •
An attachment was levied yesterday
on H. E. Benguiat, the rug importer
at 723 Sutter street, at the instance
of F, H. Jung, who has brought suit
to recover $3500 loaned to Benguiat.
Rug Importer Attached.
11
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
dSOSEUH OF flHflTOHY
h Ch ::::i£ixri7:r.te:.5:i*7:i.s.r.:;!.
\ tijr The Larr«t AottoiBiCftl Mu*uni m the
Q , jB i W or id MakM»n or ii,y rmuractert
fSEriCN <*•«•*« po«HI»»-»r«-»r»«lf>ytJl»«<IUe!t
Q IB_£ 1 : '^ c -»'' lt on :ht Ceil'. CM. 36 y-ttt.
A fifjFf { DR. JCROAN-D'SEASES OF KEN
1 FOD^fi C«txulrasfa« (ret twl ttrtdiy rotate.
A m Cm\f n Trctimcitt p*rtoni|iy or by Irttcr. A
T B ff HH Pttitrt Cvrr in tTrry c«»e urdrr?«V»n.
i S J nA v r ,. e f-.r n-ok. ?mi.PMirav.f
V ¦ B I" BUIBUCK, MAIU0 rKEB. (A
A & tr T * lu *b |c beok tor ""¦">
V CII. JO ED A* A :<¦«.. IMI lfark«'t.St..R. F.
Christmas « Booklovers
A good, book is a cornfprting kind of Christmas
• present ;; and a good book which you can ex-
change for another good book as often as you
like keeps the pleasure of the gift revolving from
week to' week. We shall take care of your order in
a pleasing way. Here are a few of our special
Christmas offers :
$1.50. A new Tabard Inn book exhangeable forever. .
5.00. Booklovers Membership (one year) also Booklovers Magazine (one
>;• -' . : .-.year)... , ¦ .;.... .,;[ . .. - ¦-¦. ¦ ¦ ¦¦" '
5.75. Booklovers Membership and two Magazines: Booklovers and Book-
, man. ¦ ! •¦.,.«. - .
655. Booklovers Membership and three Magazines: two above and Cos-
mopolitan.- : , •
Magagtoaa may be cent to different ad&regaea. Call or send for circulars.
San Francisco Library: 240 Stockton St.
List of Suburban Branches Upon Application.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ml Market. 1«19 Polk. . 18X1 D^visadero.
2iO Grant »v. T«C> Lariur.. JJCOC Sixteenth.
14<jBixth. *'•• H*i«ht. BJ1 Montg'y iv.
?.'>"> H*v#* S 5 ''' MUslon. 32*5 Mifslon.
KG Ninth. T2 Market. 3<><J Third."
*X>i riJJmcre. 2732 -«th. 463 Fourth.
fReal Easy'Sli
Save lots of te?
Everything (hat's
Beautiful
Chinaware, Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rtch Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Coras before Parting wilh
$> Great American Import in? JM
W Tea Co. "*i
I 100 Stores |
Thai's ths Reason. 3
Pure Cocoa of Undoubted Quality
and Excellence of Manufacture."
THAT IS
f. Goodfellow, of the'London
ng.) Technical College,. in
f givingsome hints concern-
ing the proper preparation
of cocoa, says:
'"Start with a pui*'e cocoa of uiuloubtcd
quality and excellence of manufacture,
and which bears the name of a respectable
firm. This point is important, for there
are many cocoas on the market which
have been doctored by the addition of al-
kali, starch/ malt, kola, hops, etc."
Look for thh trade- Examine the package you receive and
mark on erery package sure u TS OUT trademark.
Under the 'decision of the U. S. Courts no other Cocoa
is entitled to be labeled or sold as "Baker's Cocoa."
Walter Baker <& Co. Ltd.
established 1780. Dorchester, Mass.
ADV2BTISEMENTS.
JfjA Those Buffering from weak-
L*^ nesses which sap the pleasures
¦_.l ¦ ¦ of life sbould take Juven Pills.
- in One bottle will tell a «tory of
mcrrelous results. This medicine has more
rejTiven&tinr. vitalizing force than has ever
been offemf Sent by mail in plain package
onlj on receipt of this adv. end SL
Made by its originators €. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Bartaparilla. LowelL Mass.
"DECORATING"
FOR THE PARTY.
..One of Bryson's Famous Beauties.
: FREE WITH .
THE CHBISTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY.
The Fourth of. the Series in Gold.
"DECORATING."
This subject is the fourth of Brysor.'s famous Gold scries, issued
. exclusively by The Call and pronounced by. every one to be the
richest, most novel and expensive set of Art subjects issued in Amcr-'
ica. Decorating _is a worthy companion* piece to its predecessors
and for home adornment they are simply unsurpassed.
This picture is one, which proves the artist to be a master in the
handling of light and brilliant color. It also shows his imaginative
power, .his spirited technique and the completeness of detail so char-
acteristic in his work.
'j. Don'v take any one's word for the description of this picture, as
one only needs to be. seen to become convinced that it is a picture
to preserve.
Remember it's FREE with
> NEXT /SUNDAY'S CALL.
Have you seen The Daily Call lately ?
You should get one and carefully note
Ihe wonderful mass 0! news it contains
and the masterly manner in which it is
. , presented. Now is the time to sub-
scribe for THE DAILY / CALL, Greater
San Francisco's Greatest Paper ¦•••«•
ADVERTISEMENTS.TRANSPORT SHERMAN AND
STEAMSHIPS ALAMEDA
AND NEVADAN.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE,
United States Coast and' Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
.. at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters.
The schooner Commerce, now at Redondo. is
chartered for lumber from Puget Sound to Ma
nila at $9 50. i,- .
Captain Bailey of the ehip Susquehanna has
resigned his command and will enter the ser
vice of the Pacific Mall Company.
A crow was. sent to Eureka, yesterday for the
German ehip Atlanta. • . •
The Kofinoa liner Serbia arrived yesterday
from Hamburg and South and Central Ameri
can ports. She brought one passenger and a
large cargo. She will be released from quaran
tine to-day.
The American-Hawaiian Company's freighter
Kevadan arrived yesterday from Honolulu.
Water Front Notes.
Arranmore Is Afloat.
The British ship Arranmore, reported a few
days aco ashore at Algoa Bay. has been floated,
apparently little the worse for her rest on terra
flrma.
The British steamship Manauense, well known
here and owned on Puget Sound, is reported
•chore -at Mororan. - Bhe was bound for this
coast from 'Hakodate.
Manaurn.se Is Ashore.
The overdue vessels listed by M. A. Newell
are quoted for reinsurance as follows: Paris,
70 per cent: La Bruyere. 45 per cent; Olive
bank, 20 per cent, and Miche'e Blanchl 10 per
cent.
The Overdue List.
A. J. Bradish, W. Desmond apd wife. Miss
E. Earle, F. D. Elwell, I. Aheer. wife and two
children. John Bennett, James Dlnnell, J. A.
Graham and wife. J. H. Hunt and wife. W. G.
Kyman. F. M. King, T. Gomez. Mrs. Gregoria
and children, S. Karwie, Miss McAdam. D J
Medbury. R. N. Morgan. H. \V. Phelps. F.
Lessen and wife, Thomas McCarthy. W. Ortez
and wife. Dr. Plschel and wife. Mrs. G. B.
Robertson, Sister Bencdicta, Sister Alblna and
maid, F. Oroya and wife, C. Plerson, G. Ri
vera and three children, Miss E. Luter, It.
Wells. S. Kurabara, M. Sllva, F. Wilson and
111 Japanese.
The Alameda came from Honolulu in seventy
five ir!nut»s more than eix days. Her passen
gers Included the following named:
Dr. Plschel. a pissenger on tho liner, visited
Kilauea a few days before leaving the Islands
and reports the volcano In active eruption, lie
describes the display as something of great sci
entific Interest and as a spectacle worth many
miles of travel to witness.
The Alameda'* cargo included 6100 bunches
of bananas, 11.500 bags of sugar and 800 sacks
cf coffee. ,
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda arrived yesterday from Honolulu with 161
passengers. Of these 111 were Japanese. W.
Dermond and wife and Miss E. Earle, members
of a theatrical organization, came from the Isl
and port on th« Alameda. J. A. Graham, the
oldest conductor on the Denver &. Rio Grande
and well known in Denver, took a South Sea
trip on the Alameda, returning yesterday. .He
was accompanied by Mrs. Graham. D. J. Med
bury. a wealthy New Yorker, was al.*o a pas
ecnger. *
Brings Many Passengers.
Corey. O. C. Nicholas. Oliver P. Robinson.
James A. Higging. Walter Kreuger. Henry
HoEsfleld D. B. Lawton. Alhin U Clark.
OorE» C. Marshall. Robert L. Weeks. Homer
K. Lewi«. Jacob W. S. Wu«»st. Oeorgf R.
Guild. Stuart A. Howard. George B. ri'!!»
bury. George R. FpaulrtinK. Karl I. Brown. El
liott J. Pent; Jarr;<i»s E. Mahonoy. major Ma
rine Corpe: Captains Ira L. Fredendall. Ar
thur M. Edwards, Guy Carletoti. E. D. Ryan;
Lieutenants G. V. R. Motley. V. W. Mills Jr..
J. H. Allen. A. M. McNabb; Contract Surgeons
James F. Kemp, George F. Owen?; Captains
David E. Lyie. William G. Rogers; Lieuten
ants D. M. Metcalf. H. A. Herbert. Marine
Corps- Veterinary Surgeon James Lawrence:
Mm. J J O'Connell. Miss O'H. Connell. Mrs.
G. Carleton. Miss Cora Carleton. MIps Nellie
«*arlet<.n. Mrs. W. E. Welsh, Mrs. Harry! G.
Tebblts. Mrs. E. IX Ryan. Daby Ryan.
MIfs R. Creedmore. Mrs. C. W.
Weeks. Mrs. L. P Rucker. Mrs. W. R. Wade.
Mrs. C. V. H. Mosely. Mrs. J. E. Bell. Mr*. T.
L. Smith. Mrs. W. W. Bessell. Master Willie
B**sell. Claude Hunt. Mrs. Eugene Barton.
William P. Crcager. T. E. Adam?, Mm. George
H. Hall. Mrs. Henry C. Hensley. Baby Hens
loy. Army nurses — Miss Dora E. Thompson,
MIfs Ida L. Thompson. Civil employes — J. A.
Whitbeck, Joeerh Bergen. I>. Haekell.
W. P. Butler, Loul* Louven, W. P.
Simpson, J. W. Harwood. Jchn J.
Jackson. John H. Voss. Families civil em
ployes—Mrs. Jchn P. VoKJf. Baby Voss, Mrs.
R. G. North, Mif. Broadwell Hagens. Em
ployes Insular Department — A. J. McDonald.
Captain W. G. Catohell. Philippine Constabu
lary: William H. Howard. ex-Deputy Sheriff.
Manila; W. W. Barre. Deputy Auditor, Phil
ippines; Mrs. W. W. Barre. Baby Barre; Bart
lett St. Clalr. ex-Treasurr San Fernando Prov
ince: Arthur S. Kelly, employe Insular govern
ment.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— B;d. Asked.
Alma 1 35 ....
Apollo • 42
Associated Trust Ccrtlncates. IS) 20
A2tec K 2Va
California Standard 10
Caribou ...1 1 12*4
Central. Point Con to
Chicago Crude J 1ft:
Claremont 24 30
Esperanza la 1 ' ....
Four CO
Fulton 4 .'.*>
Giant 2l>
Hanford ,.133 00
Home 9^H t 02*4
Imperial 18 CO
Independence 15 16
Junction '• • • 19
Kern BOO
Kern River 10 CO ....
Lion ..i •••• •«
Monarch fof Arizona) 4« •
Monte Cristo .... 7l»
1 Occidental of W Va. 13
Oil City Petroleum 26
Peerless ¦* •• 14 fM>
Plttsburg .: i. '.... 20
Reed Crude, •••>. .....
S F & McKlttrick 3 00
San Joaquln O & D. ....... 4 00
Senator 73
Sovereign 3S
Sterling 2 BO
Superior • 05 07
Thirty-three 7 00 7 r.o
Toltec • 1» .20
Twenty-eight 4 70 ....
West Shore 2 90
Associated Bonds (i9i;
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp .... 1 r>0
Alameda Sugar 20 00
American Biscuit j
American District Tel ,
Cal Gas & Elec ¦ Corp ....
California Cotton . Mills .... 89 00 95 CO
California Jockey Club ¦ . . . .
California Shlppinsr Co ..... .... 28 00.
Cal Title Ins & Trust .... .
Steamer. "Destination. | Balls. | Pier.
December 18.
Corpnado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia Grays Harbor 4 dim Pier ->o
Phoenix.... Mendoolno City.... 1 pmP er r*
Chehalis... Grays Harbor...... 3 pm Per "
Lakme Los Angeles Ports. » am Pier • 1 U
December 17.
Abydcs. . . . . Hamburg: & Way. . 12 m Pier 19
CMy Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 nm pi. r ni,
State Cal... San Die R o & Way. » am Pier 11
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Per 2
Ponio Pt Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Chico Coquille River 0 pm Pier •'
December 18. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ " \
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:00 p Pier 0
Neva dan... Hono. A- Kahulul.. 12 m Pier ->1
Arctic Humboldt 9 a m Pier 2
December 19. .
Alameda... Honolulu n am Pier "
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier "4
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno -4 pm Pier r2
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. B am Pier 11
Arcata Coos B.-Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
December 20.
Newbursr- ¦ • Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Uosa.... San Dlepo & Way. !> am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 a m Pier 13
December 21.
North Fork. Humboldt S pm Pier 20
Spokane Humboldt 1:30 p Pier B
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
December 22.
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
December 23.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor."..... 4 pm Pier 10
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
December 24.
J. Dollar... Seattle Sc Tacoma. S pm Pier °0
O. W. Elder AstcHa & Portland. 11 am Pier •»*
Chine Wo.. Hongkong
December 26.
Earracouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Hainicr Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Illness Causes Two to Inhale Gas and
a Despondent Lover Drinks
Acid.
Adolph Krei, a tanner, 30 y^rs old.
committed suicide last Monday night
by inhaling illuminating gas in his
room at 2958 Folsom street. He left
a letter directing that his remains
should be cremated and that the re
mainder of his money after paying
necessary expenses should be sent
to his daughter in Germany. He had
been sick for a long" time in St. Jo
seph's Hospital and the German Hos
pital. He was a member of the Tan
ners' Union, the Leather Workers'
Union and the Socialist Maennerchor.
He left an insurance of $2^0 on his
life, payable to his daughter.
S'ninzaburo Tatsui, a Japanese cook,
residing at 633 Sutter street, com
mitted suicide yesterday by 'swallow
ing carbolic acid. He was in love with
a Japanese girl living in the .Japanese
Mission on Prospect place, and, being
unable to win her, chose to die.
Leong Hong, a Chinese, 60 years old,
was found hanging by the neck to a
beam yesterday forenoon at 21 Church
street. He had been afflicted with
asthma for ma.ny years and there is
no doubt that he committed suicide.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THREE MEN* PUT AX
END TO EARTHLY WOES
Steamer. From. | Due.
Mackir.aw Tacomay |Dec. 1«
Arctic Humboldt Dec 16
Coronado San Pedro Dec 16
" ei "°- :. Oyster Harbor Dec 1»5
Chehal is ...... San Pedro * ' / • • ££• ™
Coos Bay San Pe(lro & Way p * t - ' £«• }»
ru£? j Portland & Astoria. ... Dec. 16
g Kal Willapa Harbor Dec. 16
Potncma I H umb oldt Dec 16
Newburg 'Grays Harbor Dec' 17
Point Arena., llendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec" 17
Santa Kosa . . . I San Diego & Way Pta Dec 17
Arcala i Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.' Dec! it
L»elanaw Tacoma n* r 17
Montara ! Tacoma '. .'./. ' * Dec VI
Tcllus I Oyster Harbor Dec' 17
Kureka j Humboldt De c i 8
Czarina ' Coos Bay Dec is
I'matilla j Pupet Sound Ports... Dec* 18
G. Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria Dec' 18
North Fork... Humboldt Dec IS
Spokane Humboldt ' Dec" 10
ChingWo Hongkong via Manz'llo. Dec.*- 19
J; Do'"" Seattle & Taconla Dec. 20
J^f-: wpoi ; t f Way Ports.. Dec. 20
N. Maru China & Japan |Dec "U
•? ler «' a Sydney & Way Ports. Dec "1
g an^f China & Japan....... Dec 21
c a w t.HVV l' at V e & Whatcom.... Dec! 2
ar«^'«fr5fv OItl » ntl & Astoria.. .. Dec, 21
SSSSffip i a a n K3R*. w * y p0rt8 Ce e c c: 0!
Acapulco.,'... New York via Panama! Dec' 23
Queen. ... p UKe t Sound Ports Dec" A
fc. Monica. . . . Grays Harbor olt' »i
Oresonlan.... New York ••" " ec - 7*
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia. .'.".i Dec" -6
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order cf occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day, except wnen th^re are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
tign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the chartsr Tht? plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cat
December 15. .'
The Time Bail on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p.
m.. Greenwich time. . J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Steamer. For Sails.
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet ft Way Ptsi Dec. 16
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. in
Valencia Sfcagway Direct Dec. 25
Farallon Skagv.-ay & Way Ports. Dee 26
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 15.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Badger, 84 houra from
Seattle. ¦ - ¦ I
Stmr Pboenix. Odland, 15 hours .from Men
docino. w ¦ ¦
Etmr Senator, Patterson, «1 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound Dorts. • ¦ ..-.
' Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 41 hours from Cres
cent City.: . ;. , • . .
Stmr Nevadan, Weeden. 12 days from Hono
lulu, via Kahulul 7, days a hours '29 minute*.
Etmr Alameda. Dowdell, 6 days 2 hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Greenwood, Hlgzlns, 17 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 4 hours from Moss
Landing.
U S itmr Sherman, Bruguiere, 31 day« 7
hours from Manila,' via Nagasaki 26 daya 0
hours, via Honolulu 7 - daya 7 . hours.
Ger etmr Serbia, Bradberlng, 149 days from
Hamburg and way ports.
Bktn Irmzard, Schmidt, 19fs days from
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 15.
Stmr SDOkane, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Spokane, Johnson, Eureka.
Fr bark Alice Marie, Cloatrc, Philadelphia;
Frederick Henry.
Fr bark Neullly, Carpentler, Sydney; F
Henry.
Schr Una. Harkfns. Champerlco, via Clip
perton Island; T Harkins.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 15.
Stmr Nome City. Moore, Astoria. /
Stmr Iaqua, Jorconsen, Eureka.
Stmr Bonlta. Glelow, San I Pedro.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, Eureka, Coos Bay
and Portland, Or.
Stmr Edith. Hall, Seattle.
Stmr Spokane, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Novelty, Hoffman, Astoria.
SPOKEX.
Nov 27, lat 9 N, Ion 27 W, Br ship Clan
Buchanan, from Bremen, - for Honolulu.
Nov 29, lat 12 N, Ion 27 W, Fr bark Mare
chal Davoust. from Rotterdam, for San Fran
cisco. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 15, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity ti miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed in Dec 15 — Schr El Do
rado, hence Dec 2, for Port Gamble.
Passed out Dec 16 — Ger chip Ariadne, for
Valparaiso. ¦ .
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Arcata,
hence Dec 13. '
Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 15— Schr Philippine,
from San Pedro; stmr Aztec, hence Dec 11.
Sailed Dec 15 — Nor bark Sigurd, for Sydney.
VENTURA— Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr Whittier,
for San Francisco. • :
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 15 — Jap Btmr Iyo
Maru, for China and Japan; stmr Umatllla, for I
San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Queen, hence Dec 12.
Sailed Dec 14 — Stmr Dolphin, for San Fran
ciscb: stmr Montara, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDKO— Sailed Dec 15 — Schr Fred E
Sander, for Grays Harbor; schr James H
Bruce, for Grays Harbor; stmr Samoa, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr Centralia, hence Dec
13; flchr Bertie Minor, from Eureka; bktn
Katie Flickineer: bark Hesper, from Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr
Molville Dollar, hence Dec 12. ;
Sailed Dec 15— Stmr «s'ewburg, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 15— Ger
ship Ariadne, from Olympla, for Valparaiso.
Arrived Dec 15— Schr Ueo W Watson, from
San Pedro. " . ' ¦ : -~*
Arrived Dec 14 — Schr Ludlow, from San
Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr Pomona, for
Ean Francisco. ' . •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 15—
Stmr Alcatraz. from Point Arena.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec lS^Br bark
Forfarshlre, for west coast of South America.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Columbia,'
for San Francisco.
FOKT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Na
tional City, for San' Francisco.
WHATCOM— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle. ¦
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 15— Strar Chehalis,
from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA — Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Tremont,
from Seattle.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Sierra,
from Sydney, for Sen Francisco. ;
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Dec 15— Stmr So
noma, hence Nov 19.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Dec 15—
Ship Emily F Whitney, hence Sept 27.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 18 — Br ship Speke,
for Port Los Angeles. . j
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Dec 14— Ship
Reuce.'from Melbourne, to loadfor San Fran
cisco. - ¦ ¦
Sailed Dec 9— Schr W H Talbot, for Hono
lulu.
Arrived Dec 14 — Bktn James Tuft, from Mel
bourne.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver, tor Hiogo,
NagaEaki, Shanghai and Hongkong.' ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Cevic,
for Liverpool; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm II, for
Bremen. • ' - •¦ " ¦ ' • •
' LIVERPOOL. — Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr Syl
vanla. from Boston.
GLASGOW — Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Aatorla, '
from • New .York. '--.«''¦.: . v ; ' >
GENOA— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Princess
Irene, from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived ' Dec 15— Stmr Neekar,
from New York. '
QUEEN8TOWN — Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr
Noordland, from. ' Philadelphia, '.for Liverpool,
and' proceeded '; ...
The trial of the suit of Evelyn J.
Pierce and George A. Pierce, her hus
band, against the Southern Pacific
Company was begun before a jury yes
terday in the United States Circuit
Court. The suit is to recover 530,000
damages for injuries sustained by
Evelyn J. Pierce in a railroad colli
sion at Gibsons Switch, in Shasta
County, on July 11, 1900. This is the
second trial of the case, the jury hav
ing disagreed on the former trial.
Pierce Damage Trlnl Begun.
Central Bank of Oakland ••;«
Chutes Company .* •• * *•»
Cypress' Lawn Imp" Co...... 6 50 • •¦¦
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 Z«>
Gas Consumers' Assn ••••
Honolulu Sugar . 12 CO ....
Northern California Power.. 12 00 ....
North Shore Railroad * ii*~-ii
Orpheum Company ' Ia "• *»
Pacific States Tel & Tel.-.. ••••
Parafflne Paint 33 00 ..••
San Francisco Dry Dock .... ••¦¦ •"'
Sanitary Reduction Works . . 1 45 , • • • •
Saurallto Land & Ferry ••••
Sperry Flour Company ••' ••••
Standard Electric -A'AA
Tesla Coal Company 25 00 30 00
Truckee Electric .
Union Sugar ••••
United. Gas & Electric ••••
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — ,.
K0«> Pittsburs Oil »5
200 Monarch Oil *•'
4000 Toltec Oil ?.-*
100 Sovereign Oil ?**
12S Twenty-eight Oil 4 *°
Street —
25 Sterling Oil " f;5
230 Twenty-eight Oil ¦» *°
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 Clartmont Oil »*
3000 Trust Cert Assoc'd Oil Co Stock. 10
2000 Toltec Oil" 1>J
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- i
c!«co Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
30O AndM 21| 10O Mexican 1 TO
200 Belcher 21! .100 Overman .... 21
100 Chollar 2i>' 400 Overman .... 20
200 Con C & Va.l 05' 10O Sierra Xev .. CO
100 Confidence ... 75 000 Utah 11
2C0 Gculd & Cur. 341
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 221 1OO Ophir 2 OS
100 Caledonia 75 20O Potoai 20
100 Con C & Va.l 10 2CO Savage 41
200 Crown Point. lCi 200 Seg Belcher.. 07
i *"» Gould & Cur. ::•'> SCO Seg Belcher. . 00
2C0 Mexican 1 C5]
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 21! 100 Mexican 105]
WO Andes 20 100 Savage 3"
IPO Belcher 22 200 Savage SS
500 Chollar 20 W>0 Seg Belcher... <"7
100 Con C & Va.l r.Y :u,0 Sierra Nev .. 51
<W Crown Point.. 1« 200 Sierra Nev .. 53
200 Gould & Cur. 34^ ICO Yellow Jacket 21
HiO Gould & Cur. S3 SCO Yellow Jacket 20
400 Mexican 9<)l
Afternoon Session.
20O Relehrr 211 F>O Sierra Nev .. 52
100 Con C & V.I 0T"4 r )0 sierra Nev .. 54
2C0 Gould & Cur. 3K r,00 Union Con... 53
ICO Ophlr 2 05 200 Utah It
200 Savage 4iV r>00 Yellow Jacket 21
200 Scorpion ail 200 Yellow Jacket 22
400 Sierra Nev .. k:I
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
7.V> Mont Ton ..130[ "CO Ton N Star.. 31
100 Rescue O7|2C0O Ton N Star.. 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Ton Belmont. 701 500 Ton N Star. . 33
' COO Ton N Star. . S2)
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Dec. 15—4 p m. !
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 Co' Justice «8 10,
Alta 02 04 Kontuck ©3 05
Andes 20 22| Kcyes Graes. — 1 8O I
Belcher .:... 20 2> Lady Wash.; — 03 !
Best & Belch. 1 9O 2 «5 Mexican I 10 1 OS '
; Bullion 07 00 Occidental . . "W 41
Caledonia 74 76|Ophir 2 00 2 05 j
Challenge Con lf> 22' Overman .... 20 23 i
Chollar 20 22^ Potosl 20 21 |
Confidence ... 72 80 Mavage 40 42
Con C & Vail 10 1 15 Scorpion 02 03
Con Imperial. 03 04iSejr Belcher.. 0« 07
Con NY.... 12 13 Sierra Nev . . B2 53
Crown Point.. 15 17' Stiver Hll\ .. 75 7»
Eureka Con.. — fWV St I^ouis 12 15 j
Exchequer .. 15 17 Svndlcate ... 04 OR
Gould & Cur. 3.1 37 Union Con ..52 B4
Hale & Norc. 42 4ti! Utah 10 It
Julia 04 C5l Yellow Jacket 21 22
TONOPAH MIXES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Esreranza ... — 01 Ton & Cal... — 21
MacNamara .00 13 Ton of Nev. 5 00 6 50
Mont Ton ...1 ?S 1 M Ton N Star.. 32 33
Rescue 00 09 Tor. Midway. 44 4S
Ton Belmont. 78 791 United Ton.. — 12
Bay. Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent.
NOTE. — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street •wharf) about 25
minutes later than it Kort Point; the height
of tide !s the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16.
Sun rises 7:19
Sun -s" is r. 4:.V.J
Moon rises 5:50 a. m.
O iTImel [Time] ITime ITlmet
g I 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft. I Ft. | ' Ft.
? [L XV\ |H W| |L W |1I \V|
16 t 2:57| 2.5! 0:10| 6.0! 4:10 04111:11 4~6
17 I ;5:40| 2.7|10:C0j 5.0 4:52 — 0.6 11:59 4.7
18 I 4:1'4| 2.0110:40 5.S| 5:31 — 0.71
|I1 W| |L W| |H W [L \V
10 0:43 4.S| 5:08| 3.111:47 5.7 6:07—0.7
20 1:23 4.9 5:49*3.1 11:54 6.5 6:42—0.5
21 2:05 t.'.t «:3"l 3.2 12:35 6.2 7:16 — 0.2
22 2:1»| r..ti 7:25! 3.2| 1:20! 5.0 7:51 0.1
The army transport Sherman, Cap
tain Bruguiere in command, arrived
early y« -sterday morning from the
Philippine* with 1030 passengers, made
up principally of the officers and men
of the Thirtieth United States Infantry.
Colonel O'Conneil is a stickler for dis
cipline and the snJdlers that returned
on the Sherman were treated to daily
and liberal doses of drill. They were
kept busy from the time they boarded
the trooper until they landed at the
Presidio. "Xo wonder the ship looks
clean," raid one of the soldiers. "We
haven't had time even to strike a
match on the paint since we've been
abnerd."
Tho ship does look clean and the
credit for it was given to Captain Bru
guiere and Chief Officer Kidston. Tho
Shermnn will leave for the Philippines
January 1, it having been found i/n
possible to complete the repairs on the
Thomas in time. The Shbrman is in
pood condition and Major Devol ¦¦•x
pects to have no difficulty in having
her' ready for sea by New Year's day.*
The Sherman brought 590 enlisted
men of the Thirtieth Infantry, 122
members of the Engineer Corps, S2 cas
uals, 53 sick, 3 ir.Ear.e, 23 general pris
oners, 23 discharged soldiers and 59
civilian employes.
When the Sherman reached port
Lieutenant George R. Sharon of the
Thirtieth was confined to his quarters
as a penalty for violating the 11 o'clock
light ordinance a few nights ago.
Sharon, it is said, was the innocent
victim of circumstances. A number of
passrncers. military and civilian,, on
the night in question celebrated the ap
proach to land in a manner so hilarious
that pome non-celebrant complained to
the officer of the day. It was past the
time when lights were supposed to be
out, and that officer reported the dis
turbance to Colonel O'Connell, who im
mediately proceeded to the seat of war.
News of the gathering gale reached
the noisy party and before the storm
broke the culDrits had found cover.
One of them, a civilian, entered the
rjoom in which Lieutenant Sharon was
sleeping. He aroused Sharon and had
just pulled him out ot bed to tell him
all about it when Colonel O'Connell
passed the room.
Colonel O'Connell said last night that
Fhaion would bo restored to duty to
day.
"You're under arrest," said the col
onel to Sharon. Explanations were
neither asked nor offered, but it is said
that Sharcn will have no difficulty in
satisfying his -superiors of his inno
cence.
Among the passengers on the Sher
man was Arthur S. Kelly, better known
as "Yellowstone" Kelly, who served
from 1ST5 to 1877 as scout under Gen
eral Miles!. He was commissioned cap
tain of volunteers during the Spanish-
American war and now holds ati office
under the insular government. --;1-^j
Thanksgiving was celebrated . on
board. Chief Steward Evans served his
passengers an excellent dinner and then
proved his versatility by managing a
musical entertainment, the programme
for which came from T*is clever pen
and to which he contributed music and
comedy in professional style.
The Sherman's passengers were as
follows:
John J. O'Cor.nell. colonel Thirtieth Infan
try: Thorr.ai 1 T. Vavlr. lieutenant colonel; Ma
jor Georje EL Cecil: Captains Frank A. Wll
rrtx. lEa.nr Erwin. Charles J. Bent. 'William E.
Waleh Harry G TVbbitF: Lieutenants Daniel
F. Keliar. KMrM D. Warfleld. E-lward It.
Ptnne. Charles W. Mreks. George R. Sharon,
T.insay H. Itucker. William A. Carltcn. Ben
jamin n. Wade. George. A. Goodrich, Milo C.
In the center of the great agricul
ture building at St. Louis in the expo
sition of 1904 will stand the exhibit of
the wine men of California as a spe
cial feature. It will be, in fact, the
wine exhibit for the United States, it
having been determined that California
shall. alone make the feature showing
for the entire country in competition
with fifty other parts of the world
where wine is produced. Yesterday af
ternoon leading wine men of this State
met in the rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce in this city and conferred
with Commissioner J. A. Filcher and
Architect Maybeck relative to making
as attractive a showing as possible.
Mr. Maybeck had drawings which
had been previously seen by the Cali
fornia Commissioners to St. Louis. In
a general way the gorgeous installa
tion plan embodied in the drawings was
approved^by the wine men. The space
that the special wine show will oc
cupy will be 46 by 52 feet. This it is
proposed to completly fill as attractive
ly as possible. The general ground floor
plan may be roughly described as hav
ing four curved sides with an orna
mental projection at each corner, in
the center of the whole being a circular
space.
An elaborate design has been ap
proved to cover these outlines. The in
closure will be surrounded with a struc
ture highly ornamental, in which will
be inclosed a great array of California
wines in bottles and casks. The chief
attractions in the installation will be
found at the four corners, at each of
which will be a huge wine cask, dec
orated with a motto in several lan
guages, the cask resting on a broad
and high pedestal. High above this a
handsome superstructure will rise at
each corner. The supporting columns
will be crowned with figures of bears
and the faces of the columns will be
adorned with sculptured heads of large
size and playfully referring to the vine
and its fruitage.
Huge tinted banners will deck the
four corners. These will be entirely
fringed with bottles of wine and strings
of wir.e bottles will extend from the
banner tops to the superstructure. On
each banner will be a representation
in colored silk of a huge grizzly bear,
holding a goblet which the animal is
about to drain. The entrance to the
wine structure, it was determined at
the meeting yesterday, ought to be from
the floor level and it was also decided
that it would be better not to have any
steps to climb to reach it.
In the interior circular space will rise
a column or statue. Around the circle
will be seats for the visitors. An orna
mental entrance is also a part of the
plan of installation and California bears
are a part of the decorative scheme.
The wine men discussed the situation
somewhat, heard reports concerning
progress and adjourned to be called
together again later. »
William Miles, 17 years of age, and
William Hogan. 15, are in the City
: Prison charged with an attempt to
commit ro,bbery. They were arrest
ed on Monday night by Sergeant El-
and Policeman McGowan and were
booked at the City Prison yesterday
morning.
F. S, Fadelli and John Long, sail
| ors, who live in the Sailors' Home,
: were walking from the Seamen's In
stitute on Steuart street to the home
shortly after 10 o'clock Monday night.
When they reached Steuart and Mis
sion streets Miles, it is alleged, shoved
a revolver into Fadelli's face and or
dered him to throw up his hands. Fa
delli refused and Hogan, it is alleged,
struck him on the head with a bar
of iron, stunning him. When he re
covered his equilibrium he took ref
uge in flight.
The two young footpads thereupon
turned their attention to Long, who is
an old man. He was knocked down
by a blow on the head and his cries
for help scared the young rascals and
.they ran away without attempting to
rifle his pockets.
Fadelli informed Sergeant Cook and
Policeman Hayes of the attempted
hold-up and they reported.it to the
Harbor station. Sergeant Ellis and
Policeman McGowan were detailed on
the case and about 11 o'clock they
arrested Miles and Hogan at East and
Folsom streets. ' They were taken to
the Sailors' Home, where Miles was
identified as the "youth who had the
revolver and Hogan as the one who
had the iron bar.
The police say that Hogan was out
on probation from the Juvenile Court
on a Charge of burglary. He was sent
back to that court.
California Is Given Charge of
Representing the Whole
Country in Great Industry
Arc Positively Identified by
Two of Their Victims and
Booked for Attempt to Bob
PREPARING FOR ST. LOUIS
USE BEYOLVER AM) CLUB
Producers Look at Plans for
Installation, Hear Beports
and Reach Conclusions
William Miles and William
Hogan Accused of Holding
Up Sailors on Water Front
Brings Home More Than a Thousand People, Most of
Whom Have Been Following Old Glory in America's
Possessions in Orient— Transport to Make Short Stay
BOY FOOTPADS
ARE ARRESTED
WINE EXHIBIT
OF HIGH CLASS
SHERMAN ARRIVES IN PORT
FROM PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAy, DECEMBER 1G. 1903.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:.1O a. m., throug-h in 3 days,
with diner and all trapping-*.
Other Santa Fe Trains:
i-m a" m'l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfield
5:cU p.* S.J M ' rced - Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE — 641 Market St.. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
CAZADERO, Etc
igfP^an&xtSaKSaWi via Sansalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally — 7:00. 8:00,
9-W 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
5:15 H:15." 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Dally— 5:25. 6::s5. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. l'i:20, 1:45. 2:55. 3:45, 4:15, 5:45, 6:45,
S:45 10:C0 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO. SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Daily— 3:45. 0:55, 7:52. 8:35, 8;55,
11-20 a. m.. 12:33. 2:00, 3:13, 4:05, 5:05. 6:05.
7-05 9:00. 10:35 p. m. '•'¦"' +'*7,':l m '-yP*'?i
••"*"•*•• THROVGH TRAINS.
S-OO a. m. daily — Cazaclero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way ata-
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62C Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
' Leave Tu Stuabts Imj Arrive '
. S*n Frandtco ?— t rf tUrktt fc Saa Frandaca
Week Sun- -RgB^ Sun- WeiT
Dars- daya Af3Wf&tt\. Days.
iTiljai»8:OOA M§Ml^^» 12:oa r 10:401
•1:46p »:OOa ]&&X/]&& l:35p 3:5Ur
0:16r 1O:OOa W^RtxiSr *'3Op A:AO f
... 11:00a \W§§5gr 4:5 **" »:50f
*0sM*it Tltt rtap kt '' Mpm *m« tiflw; Cassa
TICIIT I 626 M arkkt ST..(.North Shore RailroadJ
OfflSB I and Sausauto Fsaar, Foot Market Su j
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Irrures Z>ove ta& a Happy Home for All.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years or FUfTertng from sexual weakness, loct
vitality, night losse*. varlcoctle, etc.. and en-
large eroal! weak crgacs to lull Else and vigor
fcimply «rd your name and address to Dr"
Knapi. Medical Co.. 151<i Hull Building. De-
troit. Mich., and they will gladly send free
receipt with full directions bo that any man
may easily cure hlrasrlf at home. This Is
r*rtaisly a most cmerous offer, and the fol-
lr.iving -xtracts taken from their dally mall
tbow what men think of their generosity
"Dear Sir*— Ples*e accept my sincere thank*
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough tert and the bfneflt has
b*ep extraordinary. It has completely braced
•nf up I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
end you <*annot realize how happy 1 am."
"Deer Elrs — Tour method worked beautifully
Poults were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement 1? entirely satisfactory-"
. "Dear Sirs — Yours received and I had r.o
trouble In making uee of the receipt as directed
end can truthfully rsy it Is a boon to weak
ir.en. I ara greatly Improved In sire, strength
and vl^or."
All correspondence Is etr'etly confidential,
rr.silr'i in Dlain, sealed envelope. The receipt
la free for the askins. and they want every j
c.t-n to have it. ¦
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xr.ln, [W^^cu'^' **
/Main Line. Foot of Market Street ) w
~7.00* VacaTillc. Winter.. »"u.ua«y... 763F
7W» Benlcia. Salsan. Elinlr* and S«crm-
nentu ; /-23>
7J0A Yallejo, Nap*. Ca!!stj>«a. Santa
Kosa. Martinez, S»n lUmoo S.2sp
7.33a RUm, LlT«rmore. Tracr. Latarop.
Stock-.on .•.¦.•••*m*"i*i"
8X0* Shasta Expreea — (V » £"i*'-
wiiiianu (J«r liartlett Sprinss).
wuiowa tfrnio. iced l.tuT.
rortlami. Tacoma, Seattle 7.5V
8 00* Da\ la. Woodland. linlshta Lnu.linj.
MaryfTllle, Oro»l!l« ••••¦- 7 -^ r
830* Port Costa, ilartlae*. Astioeh,
Kjron. Tracy. Stoclcton. New-
mon. Loa Hunoa. Mend ota.
Armona, nanfor.J. VJaalla.
rortfrTill* --•••- 4 -Z**
t.S0 a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracr. L*'**-
rop. Modftto, ycrcti. Fresno.
Ooshen Junrtlon. llanfora.
VUaHa. naker«flf!«i * bj *
830 a Kllfs, Sun .lo«w. Llrermore. 8:.xit-
lon.(fMllton). lone. Sacramento.
Placer»IUe. XlarjaTllle. CUlco.
Ue.l nitit «23 t>
¦ SO* Oa)t«la!<-. Chln«»«. J»me»«o»n. So-
nora. To-lmniir and Ab*pI» ,?"=?*
8 00* Atlantic Kxpre**— OtT'len *nd R»«t. IVZj*
e 30* Blchmon/t. Martinei and Way
Station* B55P
10 00* The Overlsw.l Limited — UClcn.
I Denver. Omaba. Chicago. .§25'
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
10.00a Loa Anrelea Ptuaenger — Tart
Costa. Martinei. Byroa. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stock too. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, Gothen Junc-
tion. Hanfo'd. Lf moore, Vlaalla. _^
Balter»flel«l. Loa AntelM vi? F
12.00a HiTward. N!le»an1 Way Stations. 3**?
i f!.00»* Sacramento River Steamsra til.Ca*
i-SQr Benlcia, Wlnteri. Sacramento^
; Woodland. Knlghta LandtDg.
JtaryaTtlle. OroTlllo and way
atatlons s_*~J '5 £?2
JJOp Haywarrt.NtleaandWay Statlona.. 765»
JQr Port Coata, Martinei. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Mode a to.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Cotta 12-2W
SZOr Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. L«Klt... 1025*
4C0^ M«rtlaex.San Ramon. ValleJo,S«p«,
Callatoza. Santa Roaa 8 254
4 00t KUea. Tracy. Stocbton. Lodl ...... 42Sf
4.SQt Hayward. Nliea. IrTtngton. Saa I +3.56*
jiwf, Ltvermore ) tl 1.55a.
i S OOr Tbe Owl Limited— Newm«n. Loa
Danoa. Mendota, Fretno. Tularo,
Bakerifleld. Lea Antelei 8. 53*
6.C0r Port Coita. Tracy. Stoctctoa 12-25*
t6 iltr Hayward, Sllen and San Jote 7.25a
•¦00r Ilayward. Ntletand San Joa« 9.S&*
S-OOr Eaatera Expresa— Ogden. Denver.
Omasa. St. Loalt. Chicago and
East. Port Coata. Benleta. Sul-
• un. Elmtra. DaTla, aacramenta.
Boekltn. Aobarn. C«lfn.
Troekee. Boca. Reno. Wad»-
wortn. Wlnnemucca S-2SS 1
• •Of Tallejo, dally, except Sunday.... t jr*m
7 OOf Villejo, Sunday only f •¦«•*""
7 xOf Klfhmnnd, San Pablo. Port Coit*.
' Martinei and Way Stations 11. 2S*
iJStr Oregon A California Kxpreja— 8ao-
ramento. Maryarlllr. Ueddlng.
Portland. Pnget Bound and Kut. S-53*.
f.iOr Hay ward. Nllea and Saa Joae (Snn-
dayonly) 11.58*.
COAST LINE ISarrew Uass«).
(foot of Market Street.) m
8-1 1>* Newark. Centerrllle. San Jote,
Felton. Roaiaer Creek, SanU
Crm aad Way Stations 5-55*
tl-ISr Xewark. Centerrtlle. San Jots,
Kew Almadea. Lo« Oato«.Feiton.
Boolder Crnek. Santa Crui and
Principal Wsf Slations fiO-5***
j 4.18f Newark. SaaJoae. LoaOatoaacd i ?355*
1 wayttattonii lt10SS*>
*9-S0r Enatert Train. Saturday only, San
Jote and Way Stations. Return-
ing from Lo» Gatoa Sunday only. $7 25*^
! OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 6AN tfKANCJSCO. Foot or MirSet St. (Sllnn
i — n:li t.AO :i:00^.a. 100 3 00 BI5p.»
; rroni OAKLAND, root of Broadway — +*:»> 0:M
t9:03 10:00 A.M. 12.00 200 400 P.M.
i COAST LINE <ttr«Ml fca-ge).
j tJ" (third nail Towntend Streets.) *
6.10* Saa Joae and Way StaUont 6 JO*
i 7 00a San Jose and Way SMttona 5 36p
¦ 00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frtd.. only). 4.10T
! 8 08a CoaitLlne Limited— Stopaonly Saa
Jotr, Gtlroy (connection for Ilol-
llater). Pajaro. Ca*troTl!)e. 8a-
llnan. Ean Ardo. Paso Roblsa,
BaRtaMargarita,8aB Lais Obfipo,
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) prinel-
Kl stations thence Santa Bar-
ra and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CattroTiU* to and f."-J»
Monterey an<l Pacific Grorr 10-43s>
I C.Ma Ban Jote. Trea P!a«t, Capitola.
BantaCraz.PaclflcBroTP.Saltnaa.
Saa I.uls Oblspo and Prlaolpal
i Way Station* 4-10»
10-30* Saa Jo»e and Way Stations 1.20V
11 JO* Santa Clara. Sun Jote. Lot Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30
UOf Ean Jote and Way Stations 838*
JXt'f Parlflc C, rove Express — SantaC'.ara
Saa Jo»», Del Monte. Monterey.
1'actflc GroTS (cooDeet\at Sncta
Clara for Santa Crux. BAnldrr
Creelc and Narrow Gauge Pol n to
at Gllroy for HolHster. Tres
- Plnoa. at Castrorllle for Salinas. 12.15*
3-30r TresPiaos Way Pas»eaf»T {10 43*
t4 4or ban Jote, (fla Santa Clant) Loa
Gatos, and Principal Way Stv
tlOBr(excer»t Sunday) 13.12*
{6 ZOr Ean JoseandrrlnclpalWay Stations tS.Oo*
K-tiUr EoniPl Limited. — Kfiwwd. Saa
J»ae, Gnroy,Sallnaa.Pa«o Kokltt,
Ean Luis Ubtspo. Banta Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demtnir. Kl Paso,
Kew Orleans, Sew York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Sants Cru*
and tt CafttrevTt'ln for PaclSo
Orore and Way Stations.. 7.10*
tf-ISr SaaMateo.Beresford.Belsnont.Saa
Carloa, Redwood. Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t6-4ft*
f.?pp San Jose and Way Stations 8 3S*
11 .Stir South San Franelaco, MHlbrae. Bnr-
llngame. San Matee. Belmont.
tia Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Memo Park, and Palo Alto 9 45*
•11<30p llsyfleld. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
Can Joso t9.4ST
A for Morning. P for Afternoo* "
ISonday only.
i Stop* at all nations on Sunday.
tBnnday exeepted. a batardsy only.
g*tT~Only trains stopping at Valencia St. toatatMMnsl
IT06:10 A.M.. 7:00a.m., 11:3u a.m., 3:30 r.M. afid »:30r.«»
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAmr.
Tiburon Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAW FBAZTCISCO TO SAW RAFAEI..
WEEK DAYS — 7:S0. 9:<X>. 11:CO ». m.: 12:35.
3:30.- 3:10. C:3O p. m. Thursday* — ISxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30. 5:CO. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BArAEL TO SAN PBANC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20. U:15
r. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:CO. S»:4O. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlva
Ban Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1903. (Stan Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Weeic
Days. 1 days. ) tion. | days. [ Day».
7:30 a| 8;f!0al 9:10a 9:40*
9:30 a Ij^ado. 10: M> a 10:2O a
3:S0p 3:"Op 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:0O p 7:35p
7-30 al 9:10a 8:40 a
I 8:00a Kovato, 10:40a 10:2Oa
3:S0p 9:30a retaluma 6:05p 6:20p
5:10p 330p and 7:35p
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:o0a I 10:40a'10:20a
S:00a' Fulton. 7:33 p ! 6:20 p
3:30 p 3::U)p| |
j Windsor, I *
7:30 al S :00 a Healttsburr, 10:40a 10:25* 1
Lytton. M
3:30 p 3:30 p: Geyservllle, 7:33 p: 6:20 p
I Cloverdale. j j
7:30 al R:COa| Hopland 110:40 ajl0:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( and Ukiah. | 7:35 p| tf :20 p
7:30 a! S:00al Wlllits. | 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a! 110:40 a|10:20 a,
3:::0p| 3:.10p[ Cuerneville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a' S:OOa! Sor.cma. I 9:10 a| S:H»»
3:10 pj 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. | «:05 pi 6:20 p
7:'*0a! 8:0t>al 110:40 a;iO:2«> a
3:30 p| ¦'••¦30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:^3 p. 6:-t> p
STAGES connect at Green Erae for San
Quentin: at Hanta Rcsi for Whit* Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
Berville for SkaKga Sprinss: at Cloverdale far
the Geysers, Bconevtlle* and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlctt Springs: at Cklah for Vichy
Springs.- Saratoga SDrlnss," Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley Jotm Day's. Riverside, Llerly'n.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HulMHe. Orr's
Hot Sprinss. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Honktns, Mendocino City, Fort Brags:.
Westport. Usal: at Wlllits for Fort Bragg,
Westuo-t Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vtlle Cummlrgs. Ball's Springs. Harris. Ol-
nen'a. Dyer. Garbervilie. Perperwood, Scot!*
"^Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
U On Sunday round-trin tickets to all pointa
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street, Chonlcle
bU H d C ? - WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
The Weekly Calk*
$1 per Year*
± THE CHEISTMAS CALL, '£
± A .NUMBER OF SURPASS- j:
v IXG ATTRACTIVENESS, |
t WILL BE ISSUED NEXT r
? SUNDAY, DECEil- £
± BER 20. ?
± — T
3. Place Your Orders Now ?
? — — I
T The most distlnrnlsbed and T
T sumptnons paper of the Yuletlde. T
Jl Its brilliant paces contain coatrl- T
J, bntions from many leading* writers T
X of the day. and tha strlklnrly X
JL characteristic work of Its staff T
J. contributors r^ill maks It a truly X
JL dell«rhtful and interesting- paper. X
.. With this issue will be present* JL
. . ed. absolutely free of charre, J.
.. "Becoratintr for the Party." that X
— . charming" picture by Bryson. "Sec- J-
JL orating: for the Party" is another 4.
. . of the popular Oold Series, and. •-
4> like its companion pieces. "s»- ?'?
i-'' dorali," "Admiration" and "At the -!•
Opera," will adorn the walls of 4*
, many of the homes 0? the Great v
•i' West. 4.
Y j Newsdealers and aarents will do 'r
%• 'well to* order early, as the supply v
j Is limited. 4- I
O •H-H-H-K-I-I-I-X-M' I ! I I I I I* qTHE COAST RECORD.
Continned on Pace Twelve.
b k as o :.".-» 5;
7 <?* n'i "* v? "
8TATIOKS. 5 p g3 p I S
Farallon 30.08 !» 80 B R*ln ol
Baker '..;... 3W.12 36 So SE Cloudy .05
\\wa ....... 30.14 44 20 KB. Cloudy .00,
fcurtk* 2»00 «0 B6 SE Rain . ..32
Fresno 30.10 62 34 NW Clear ' .£0
riarrtaff ....30.28 60 « NE C ear .00
Pocatalio 30.28 TJ? 22 E Clear .O0
Point Reyes... 30.02 63 47 SE Rain .Vi
In<5epcnd-nc« .30.20 62 32 S Clear .00
Los Angfles...W>.0« 76 50 W Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpats. 30.10 82 42 PW Rain .02
Phoenix 30.06 72 44 E Clear .W
Portland 28.76 50 12 E Bain .V)
whStN^ 2- Opcn ' Hlgh - ')^r- <*<>**¦
Dec. (new) 79^ 7nu 777^ * 701/
May «H' 82^ 80% n*
December ...... 41% 42U 41 4i»i
May 43% 43%- 43% , 43%
J "o y .t.No.-2-- 43 */ 43% ¦"* :¦¦¦«*
» a f y ..::::::: II m : '%%
July .- 34 34 33%. 33«
Mf»s Pork, per bbl— • '*
January 11 32%. 11 40 11 30 11 40
CHICAGO. Dec. 15.— There was good buvlnir
ssr.!3 ssassra o&urs r #
vance was made, the price go nf up to 62e'
-t MSSSitfc* 1 !5» d «' 1^«- " He"ic l hig 6 he;
gSSS ?h°e mi prer
slonal crowd turned seller, on a report Shat »
k?u TifweTkn " eI1 l ln *K freely 'n oKe ma*
to this Ttheo™ ,nH ( ln these mark «ts lent color
10 tnis theory and increased the selling n r««
f ur *- One of the main featurei O f tradIng P^aa
the heavy selling of July by a broker sutfoosed
to be acting for the big bull inTerest ThUe
offerings were taken" by the local talent wiho
sold May against their purchase. Under" t*-se
influences prices steadily declined, and late ?n
the day May had reached 80% 080*4 c a io«h £
XHClUe from the high point '* ' l0 ** Ot -
Corn ruled firm, notwithstanding the weak.
®«Vc. U May ClOsed "Changed at 43%
Oats were inclined to follow wheat, but prices
36%c sHght changes. May closed at
In sjmpathy with a lower hog market liberal
receipts and local selling. Protons were easier
all day. May pork closed 5c lower, lard was
a shaae lower and ribs were down 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Chicago Grain Market.
nAGS— Grain Bats. PfSHc: San Quentln.
5.55c: Wool Bags. 32tfr?>5c: Fleece Twine. 7%©
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bars, 6%c, 6»ic and 7%c for
the three grades: Brown Jute, 6%@7%c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotts the following price
fist for 1903 stock:
. _ __ _ _ __
5? |3 I I
FRUITS. Kg- £ ?
-. -•'* -t i 1 . ••
? . f j i ¦':
¦ Apples $1 55!$1 30*1 20 $1 10 [
Apricots 1 35! 1 23 !
Blackberries 1 60 1 40 1 30 1 2O I
Cherries. R. A 2 13 1901170 140;
Cherries, white... 1 75] 1 eo 1 35 ;
Cherr.es, black 2 00 175 1 CO 1 35 -i
Grapes 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches:... .... 140 .• j
: Lemon Cling Peaches.... 180 160 130 120
Pears 2 00 175 I
< Plums 1 35 1 15 1 06 • 85
Raspberries 250 225 2 1O I do
I Strawberries 2 00 1 78| 1 60 1 40 \
!• CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2Vi-lb !
! standard. 82%i?85c; Green Peas— Baby petits
; pois. fl SO; petits pois, $1 33; extra sifted,
* $1 15: standard, sifted. $1;. standards. 83c:
* marrowfats. 82%c: gallon, sifted, $4 23; gal
i Ion, standard. $3 73.
I COA L-^ Wellington. $* per ton; New Wei-'
I lington. $8; Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. S8 30; Bea
| ver Hill. $3 50; Standard. $7: Roslyn. $7; :
! Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich- |
I mond. $7 r.0; Cumberland. $13. In bulk and
1 $14 25 In slacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, .
; $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $18; Welsh Lump.
I $11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 &0t* :
13 per ton in -bulk and $13 In -sacks: Rocky 1
1 Mountain descriptions. $11 43 per 2G00 lbs and .
t $12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
( PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 3%c;
I cases, regular, 4c; cares, extra large, 4%c: i
i Eastern style. C%c; boneless. 4%c; "Norway."
4'ijc; "Narrow Gauge." 5c; "Silver King,"
0*;c; blocks, "Oriental," 5c;' blocks. "Sea- '.
bright," 5%c: tablets. 6c^ middles, t>%'67"Vic;
fancy boneless. 8ffS%c: pickled i Cod, bbls,
$7 50: pickled Cod. half bbls. S4 50. '
CORDAGE — Several descriptions ore lower.
The local, company quotes as follows, fiO days
or \i per cant discount for cash, no sales under
10.000 lbs: Manila. 1 4^c: Sisal. 1051c; Duplex,
Ofcc: Bale Rope. 10«4eiC<Hc per lb.
' COFFEE— Costa Rica. lSifJlSVJc for strictly
prime to fancy washed: 12913c for prime
washed; lUfll^c for good washed: 10^<S12 Vie
for good to prime washed peaberry; 9@10%c
for good to prime peaberry: 9%®Uc for good
to prime; 8®9c for fair; 5®7%c for common to
ordinary.
Salvador — ll%013c nominal for etrictly
prime irai-hed: 9V»eimc for good to prime,
washed; 8%©9%c for fair washed: OUfJllc for
fair to prime washed penberry; 8%G9%c for
I good to prime seml-wa»hed; 8%«58%c for su-
I perlor unwashed; 7%<fSc for good green un
washed; 8®nc for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; 5@7c for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 12'JfiWtc nominal for prime to
fancy washed: S^iOlO'Uc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed: 7»i©8 i ;c for good to su
perior unwashed: &!-i©S9ic for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala nnd Mexican — 14U<613%c nominal
for fancy washed: 12Viei3%c for prime, to
strictly prime washed; 10«4®ll%c for strictly
good washed; 10$P10%c for good washed; 8%®
fliie for fair washed: 7|fS%c •¦ for medium:
5Vi©6%c for Inferior to ordinary: 9li611%c
for fair to prime washed peaberrv; 8% ©9 lie
for good to prime unwashed' peaberry: SiSQc
nominal for good to superior unwashed; 6j?8\ic
for ash-damaged.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20«?3Cc: extra
heavy 30!»40c per lb: medium. 27®29c; light.
24626c: Rough Leather. 26©28c: Harness
Leather, heavy. 35©39c for No. 1 and 30@35c
for INp. 2:, medium. 30037c; light. S9®33c:
Skirting. No, ¦•!. 40@42c: No. 2. 36«3Sc; Col
lar Leather. 16©16c per foot; -Trace Leather. 40
«44c: Kip. unfinished, 40®.10c .per -Ib; Veal,
finished. 60©60cper lb; Calf., finished. 65ofi"$i
per lb; Wax sides. 16i917c per foot: Belt Knife
'Splits. 14ffil6c; Rough Split* S®10c per lb.
I TANBARK— Gro^'td. $2O®28 per. ton; stick.
$l?(hlft per cord;i?l&Rm*«qkf*NmBM*«mM£
. - OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
v Open. High. ¦ Low. . ClosW
May ........$103 $103 : $1 02% $1 02%
December ..-1*09 i'.l 09 1 00 1 o»
OATS— Black axe the firmest description on
the list, being in good demand for seed. : - The
other kinds are ' firmly held and unchanged.
Offerings are sufficient. for all current . needs.
White. $1 23%®1 25 for California and
$1 27%©1 85 for Northern;. Black, $1 45fi>1.65:
Red $1 20(gl 32% for feed and. $1 25® I 35 for
seed; Gray, $1 32%. .
CORN — The market continues a quiet at pre
viou«- quotations, with -enough .on -hand .to
satisfy buyers. ¦ ¦ • •¦*»¦-.
Western sacked. $1 25 for Yellow, ¦ $1' 25 '. for
White and $1 £0@l 22% for Mixed; California
lnrga Yellow. $1 22%®1 30; small, round .(do.
$1 40CT1 60;' White.-. $1 2501 30 per ctl.. ,
RYK— Is dull and unchanged at $1 25®1 30
f 2 25<g 2 60 per ctl. '
2 p. m. Session.-
Feed. $1 07%@l 12%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 16®1 20; Chevalier. ?1 2001 45 for fair to
ChOlCC - . FUTURES.
8ession i) to ll{30 a: m;
December— $100?*. . ,
Session • 9 to 11:30 a. m, 1
Open. High." ¦ Low. Close.
May ...... . .$1 32% $1 33 J $1 32% . $1 33
/ , 2 p. m. Session.
Open. •'•' Hleh. ' Low; Close.
May ..V....$l 32% ; $1 32% $1 32% $1 32%
BARLEY— Indications of rain and large De
cember deliveries keep the ; market weak and
cash grain was a. fraction lower and quiet,
while futures were also Inactive. Offerings of
cash grain, while not heavy, are ample for all
needs. CASH BARLEY.
California Club. $1 40W1 42%; . California
White Australian. $l/60@l 52%: Northern
Club. $1 40©l 41%: Northern Bluestem, $1 50
@1 61%' Oregon Vallev. $1 40.
. FUTURES. '
Chicago was about lc lower, with houses
with Southwestern connections heavy sellers.
OWnn^apolls reported a good demand for cash
.Wheat. ' .
This market was flrm . but ¦ quiet. Futures,
however, were lower. - The millers are reported
sufficiently stocked until the end of the month
and are therefore not buying, while the ship
pers ara doing nothing. '
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— The 'markets all over the .world
continue quiet, unchanged and without feature.
¦A dispatch from Chicago says that Secretary
Frledlander of the Pan Francisco Merchants'
Exchange estimates the crop of 1003 at 16,000,
000 bushels, whereas the Government estimates
it at 28,0001000. . The natural assumption is
that our official authorities, here 'know about
as much about the size of the crop as the Gov
ernment., several thousand miles away. ¦¦ ->¦
Bradstreet's gave the world's visible supply
an Increase of 1,586.000 bushels. . .
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Rates remain about as
before quoted, viz: From 11s 3d to ISs 4)d.
usual European' options.' The chartered Wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 18,300
against 43.100 tons on the same date 'last
year; disengaged. 93.800 tons, agninst 85.000;
on the way to this port. 197,800 tons, against
198.900. - ' l -'
What and Other Grains.
Some sales <n the form of assorted carloads,
are being made overland rights along, but the
movement ¦ Is yerv light. Outgoing steamers
are taking large" lines of FrulU. chiefly Prunes,
to Europe, but this movement represents sales
made weeks ago. New York advices «av that
a pool of growers is being talked of. In Ore*on
and Washington to take care of the remaining
Prunes .in jthose .States, and that this Is Im
parting • some strength to the ¦ market. Nuts.
Raisins and [ Honey continue 1 dull at prevlou*
FRUIT— -Apricot*. 7©flc for' Royais and 0@
lie for Moorparlw: Evaporated Apples. 405%c;
sun-dried. 3%«4c; ¦¦ Peaches. ¦ 4%®6%c: , Pears,
60'lOc; Nectarines. 4®5Uc; Figs, white. 4©4?ic
In boxes;- black, 4%c; Plums. : pitted. 6<©Sc per
PRUNES— 1903 cron, 2%#2*ic for the, four
sites.' ¦ '- ¦¦¦'¦}' 1 '¦".' ¦ ' ¦ ••¦¦ " ' V
.RAISINS — F. o. h. prices, Fresno, for 1903
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $12913 rer bbl.
APPLES — Fancy Knitzenberg*. $1 75<ff2 per
box; other varieties. J1JSI 60 for fancv. TfxgflOc
for choice and 2*9 50c for common; Christmas
Apnles. $1 00^32/
PEARS— Winter . Nelli3, from cold storage,
$1 C0«2 Mr box.
¦ QUINCES — 40«i€0c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 60c@$l per box. |
GRAPES— 50060c far small boxes^and 90c@$l
CITRUS- FRUITS — Navel - Oranges. $1 25®
2 5O per box; Seedlings, 75c@*l ; Tangerines.
«1 r.0 'for half 'boxes and $1 for quarter
boxes -Japanese Mandarins. $1 23 per box:
Lemons. $102 per box: Grjpe J*ruit. »l # ROij
2 50- Mexican Limes,; $404 50: Bananas. $l«S2
per bunch for Hawaiian and $2$M for Central
American .-.Pineapples, $2@350 per dozen.
,..¦¦¦'-. — (!}
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Apples and Grapes were the only . descrip
tions under this head to show any activity.
Tho supply and demand for Grapes about bal
anced and Diices were steady. There were
no UrfTH box«s received from Martinez and the
quotations are withdrawn. The Apple market
was in fair shape, considering the heavy sup
plies on hand. Trade was confined chiefly to
high-grade stock and prices stood as previously
quoted. Pears. ¦- Quinces and Persimmons were
In anrif- supply und dull. There were no
RlKpbeir'es received,' and what few Strawber
ries ennta in cleaned up readily at steady rates.
There was an. easier, feeling In' Bananas, al
though prices were no lower. Three cars
came Infrom New Orleans and d steamer ar
rived from Honolulu with 5118 bunches.
Trade in Oranges was light, aa dealers were
holding off waiting for the first of the auction
sales, w-hlrh takes .place to-day. Six or. eight
cars, including two. of the- Sunflower brand
from Redlands. will be offered.' Most of -the
Oranges from . the south are still , lacking In
color, and it was reported yesterday that quite
a quantity of well-colored Navels and- Tan-,
rerlncs, grown in the vicinity of Oroville. were
purchased for shipment to Los Angeles. The
steamer Senator, which arrived yesterday from
Victoria, brought down several consignments
of Japanese Mandarins, aggregating about 1000
boxes, which had be-^n purchased from the
original consignees at- 25c per box. As pre
viously Mentioned, the northern markets are
overloaded with this fruit and more shipments
art exDected from thero in the near future.
STRAWBERRIE& : -$3@4 per chest for the
large varieties. . . •
RASPBERRIES per drawer.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Japanese steamer Nippon Maru due De
cember 21. brings 260.000 gold yen from Yoko
hama, and .the Siberia, due December 28
brings 60O.C00. both lots for the International
Banking Corporation.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 80%
Sterling Exchange, flight — 4 84
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 sfl
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Sliver; per ounce — 55^
Mexican- Dollars, nominal — 44
Exchange and Bullion.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet, but desirable grades are steadily held.
Common, (0491c: prime, 5@5%c; choice. 5«i©
0%c; fancy, O. ! ;«j7c. .
PRUNES— Are attracting nothing more than
a hand-to-mouth demand, but are not being
P , r lT « r 8aI f' and prlceB consequently, are
steady. Quotations range from 3%c to 6%c for
«?,.nt"? 1C ? FZr/Z?, qulet but flrm - wlth choice
SSS?-iS«8K^j extra cholce - 9% ® l0^ c =
.PEACHES^— Quiet; choice, 7%®>7«c- extra
choice. 7%«SUc; fancy, y'/,@10^c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 100.400 bushels. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red. S9%c elevator; No. 2 red. 82%c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 02%c f.
o. b. afloat. Options opened firmer on smaller
Northwest receipts and steady cables, but
slowly eased off all day under the depressing
influence of big Southwest receipts, liquida
tion and poor export demand, closing- %@l%c
lower. May, K4 »-16@€5 0-16c. closed 84%c;
July. 80%@S1 13-lOc, closed 80%c; December,
S8%S00%c. closed 89%c.
HOPS — Firm. State, common to choice. 1003,
2O0i'ic; 1002. 18§23c; olds. «#J.Oc; Pacific
CoaM. 1003. 20<ffirrc; 1002, 18@23c; old, Gig 10c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm
PETROLEUM— Firm. » •
COFFEE— Sprt Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice.
6*ic; mild. firm. Coffee futures closed steady,
net 10 to 15 points lower. Sales, 86,000. bags
including January-. <I.25 / 8fl.30c: March 6 55®
6.00c: May. 0.00®0.»5c; July. 7@7.05c; Septem
ber. 7.20<f/7.30c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— FLOUR— Rceipts, 15,.
S00 barrels; exports. 23,000 barrels. Quiet and
steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
TUESDAY. Dec. 13— 2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange* 1
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) - ; . V, ; . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup ..10»%ll0 4s qr cp newl33%134%
4s qr reg ..109 110 ISs qr coup.. 108 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5». — — Do B» .... — 110
Bav CPC 5s. — 103 Do con 5a — 104
Cal C O 5s. — 108 O W gtd 5». — VT
Cal C & B'g Oceanic S J» — 73
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om Cable «9.11f» —
Cal-st 5« .- — — P«e G Im 4s. 95 10O
C C Wat 5s — 100 P E Ry Ss. 10644107
Ed L A P«e.l20 — P*CH6». — —
K & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R ««.1t«%120
Gearv-st 5«- 45 00 Powell-st fts.113% —
H C&S 5U.s.lO4% — 3 E GAR 5s. — 100
H C A a 5s. — 101 SF A SJV5«. — 117^4
Hon R T fi«.104 lOfl S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L. A Elec 53.101 %10S% S P of A 6s
T^ A Rv 6a.Hl 113 M809) 107% —
LALCoCa. — — H910) ....108»i —
' Do gtd «s. — — S P of C 6s
Do Btd ts. — 104 (1005)Sr A.102U —
LAP lem F».t01%lC2 (lncsisr B.1«3*41(V»
Mkt-st C Bs.llH -5 HOOfl) ....104Uil05
Dolcm5s.U2 114 J (1912) ....114% —
NRR of C6». — 1C3 SPC t eg 5s. X- US
Do 5s ..-.114%— Do stmpd.108%107
UPC R 6s. — 100 « P B R **. — 1321J
N C R 5s.. — HO ;S V "W ««..105t;iO8
V C P C 5s. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. — —
N 8 R R 6s. W 100 | Do 4s 3dm. OT —
O O L H 5s 107 — iStkn OAK 6s — 10O
O T Co es.-in^ — 'U G A E 3«. — 105
- WATER STOCK9.
Con'tr* Co«ta — 42 I Port Costa...— —
Marln Co ..61 — Js V W Co. 38% S9
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I> A P. 3% 4% S F O A E. 6fi% «7
Mutual E L. ft 10 9 F Gttn L.. 3% 3%
Pac G Im.. 54 54% Srkn GARS —
Pac L Cr». .. 83% — U Q A E. .. — 40
Sac E GAR. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O A E. "66% — I
INSURANCHL
Flrem's Fnd320 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk.125 130 L P A A... — 163
Anglo-Cal . . R5 81 Mer Trust . .230 —
Bank of Cal.447% — Merch Ex . . — _
Cal Safe Dp.148 — S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 A L.. — 2235 Sav A L Po. M 101
Hum S A'L. — — Sec Sav Bk.40O . SCO
Mutual Sav. 100 105 Union T Co. —
8 F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 206 | Presidio .... 3»*i 43
Giant — — IVigorit 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 80c Kllaaea S C. — 8
Hawaiian C. 44% 45 Makaweli C. 22% —
Honokaa S C 12>Vi:{% Onomea S C. — .30 '-»
Hutch S P C ' 0% 10 Paauhau S C 14 13
' MISCELLANEOUS. -
Alaska P A. I'M 141 Oceanic S Co 5 «¦ »
Cal F C A. 82 — Pao Aux FA 4% Bti
Cal Wine A. »»> — Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
k - Board —
25 Hawaiian Com A Sugar, b 3 45 00
25 Hawaiian Com A Sugar, b 1O w n>
20 Oncmea Sugar Co no no
. CO S F Gas A Electric Co 88 5O
$3000 L A Pac R R 1st con 5 per cent. 101 00
$2000 Pac Elect Ry 6 per cent 10« 75
$2000 Sac Elect Gas A Ry 5 per cent, fw 00
$1000 U;S 4 per cent coupon (old) 100 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board — KHO|
3 California ' Wine Association 9O 50
5 California Wine Association 9O 25
4o California Wine Association 0O OO
10 Oceanic S S Co... 3 OO
50 8 F Gas & Electric Co 6« 6214
$"000 Sac Elect a A Ry S per cent 100 OO
$37 000 S P Cal 1st cons 5s 'stamped). 108 73
Street —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 140 00
$«000 Sac Elect G*A Ry 5 per c»nt....lOO 0O
$5000 S P Cal 1st con 5» (stamped). .IM 73
General Merchandise.
Butter continues to settle In price, with the
demand still very sluggish and stocks large.
Dealers are complaining of the pronounced dull
ness and are making free concessions to move
the goods.
The Cheese market is still overstocked and
dull. Dealers will shade quotations rather than
lose the buyer.
The slow, almost imperceptible accumulation
in Krrs continues, and the market continues
Its gradual decline. Posted buyers reported
yesterday that they were getting fine ranch
Eggs as low as #5c- The assortment Is now
more varied, as there are some store Eggs on
the market. Eastern continue to arrive every
few days, and another car came in yesterday.
Receipts were 34,300 lbs Butter, 705 cases
Eggs nnd 4100 lbs Cheese. .
BUTTER— Creamery. 26%@27%c for extras
and 22%(ff25c for seconds; dairy. 18S"24c; storo
Butter, . 17%c; cold storage, 24©26c; Eastern.
L'3®25c p*r lb.
CHEESE — 12@12%c for the general markft.
13c for select mild new and ...11Sll%c for
lower grades: Young Americas. 13®ltc: East
ern. 15%®16%c; Western. 14015c per lb. .
EGGS — Ranch, 45047 Vic for choice and 4ot^
42%c for small and mixed colors; store, 37%c:
cold storage, 28@32%c; Eastern. 2C®30c for
cold storage. -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 15—5 p. m.
Th° following wre the seasonal rainfalls to
<«8t» a* compared with those of same date la«t
eeaeon. end rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last Thi« Last
Fintion* 24 hours, neason. eeason.
Red 7 Blu'f .-•- •»* ftl2 1202
fi.rr.»e«o Trace 3.W 5.30
Fan Francisco Trace 4.M 5 10
IrT^nVenV.-;;; 00 0.42 O.«3
BanlltitaObtopo....... .00 0.44 4.»2
Los Angeles 00 0.43 3.20
Fan Diego 00 <> 4< > *•*&
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 15.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 17021c;
light nne. 15«l7'4c; heavy fine, 12'315%c; tub
washed, 25®31c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 15. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 71W72c; Bluestem, 77c; Valley. 78c.
PORTLAND, Dec. 15. — The steamer Lothian
cleared to-day for Hongkong with 212,935 bush
els of wheat. . .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 15.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 70c; Club, 74c. »
LOCAL MARKETS.
BOSTON. Dec. 15. — Firmness has been the
feature of the wool market the past week, al
though the run of prices ,has been generally
lower.- Quotations .fdiv Terrlter*.-: -,Idaho. fine,
141015c: fine medium. 16<gTTc; medium. ifiifilBe:
Wyoming fine. 14^15c: fine medium, 16@17c;
medium. 18%@lPc: Utah and Nevada fine., 14W.
ifJ15%c: fine medium, tO%@17%c: medium, 10
©20c; Montana fine choice. 19^2Oc; fine me
dium. 19#20c; average, l$@19c; medium choice,
19<!J20c.
Boston Wool Market.
The features of the stock and bond market
were a decline In Alaska Packers to $;»O and
in Gas and Klectrlc from $fi7 to $«tt 50. Them
were rales of California Wine at *9O 50-gnO. of
Oceanic at S5 and of Hawaiian Commercial at
$45. Trading continued of small volume. The
oil and mlnlns stocks were quiet and feature
less.
Ex-dlvldfnd yesterday: Port Costa Water
Company, regular monthly. 30c per share,
amounting to $1500: United Gas and Electric
Company, regular monthly. 15c per share.
• mounting- to- $3342 90: Presidio and Ferries
Railroad Company, regular monthly. 20c per
shHre. amounting to $2000: Four Oil Company,
regular monthly, of lc per share, and extra of
lc per share on the capital stock of the com
pnny. amounting to $6000; the Daly West Min
ing Cc-mpany of Utah. « regular monthly of 65c.
The United Verde Mining Company of Ari
zona has declared a . monthly dividend of 75o
per share. - .I'
The Samoa Transportation Company has
levied an assessment of $11 57% per share, de
linquent January 1.
The following savings banks have declamd
dividends to depositors for the six months end
ing December 31: Mutual Savings Bank. 3.20
per cent per annum: San Francisco Savings.
Union 3 per cent per annum on ordinary and
3«i per cent on term; Security Savings Bank,
3>i per cent.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Catt!e:
CATTLE — Steers'. 8!38c: Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4#4%c per lb (gross weight).
8HEEP — Wethers 3%@4c; Ewes. 3%@3%c
por lb (gross weight).
IjAMBS — l%«?5c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5%c: over
ISO lbs. 5c: Sow*. 20 per cent off,: Boars. 50
per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are an follows:
BEEF — 6%©7!4c for Steers and 5®6c per
lb for Cows. ,
VEAL — Larr*. RtfrO.';\!>mall. 9f?10c per lb.
MUTTON— WethTs. <S?7SUc: Ewes, 7%t*8c
per lb. '
LAMB— 0%@10e rer lb.
PORK— Drff=«-«>i1 Trr-^n. 7«7R''.c r^r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The market shnws no particular change, sup
plies generally being ample for current re
quirements, which are comparatively light, as
usual at the holiday season o' the year. B»ef
continues a* be'oro quoted. Ewes are a frac
tion lower, but Weth«r» are unchanged. Dairy
C»!v»s are scarce 'and flrm. brln*inir from Slic
to 10c. Arrivals of Hors continue sufficient to
keep the puckers nnd butchers going and quota
tions remain r.s before. . . ' • ,
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Trading in Poultry was 'quite active, as re
tailers were commencing to stock up for the
approaching holiday trade and nearly all de-
Gcript ons were quoted higher. .No more We»~.
crii stock rame In, bi't a car was reporter
cicse at »-and and sch .-ot'led for to-day's mar
k?t. -a few small conslrrmer.ts of dress*: 1
ivrVtyr were received and ?old fairly at about
previous prices. L'vt TurJw.^t were ve»-y
wi-ie* and In demand at IvkIi prices.
There*. was a st»aiy -.n-iulrv for Game, out
reclr<t* wore '.<«> heavy rcr the market to ab
sorb, and rrlc-5 v ere :rilinnl to _ easiness.
K'l'l.TRY — I»f»M*-l Turkeys. 18®22c n«r lb:
Wvo Turkey*. 20 l ff22(* per lb: Geese, per pair.
$1 75®2; Goslings. $2®2 25: Ducks. $5 5086 50
per dozen for old and $6 50@7 50. for youa?;
Hens. S4 50©5 50 for small and *C®7 pv '.:«rre:
young Roosters. $5<R<5; old Roosters. %l .VMS CO;
Fryers. $4(B4 50; Broilers. $4©4 50 for large
and $303 50 for small: Pigeons. $1©1 25 per
dozen for old and $202 25 for Squabs. ., .
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $2 8003 per dozen:
Canvasback $2 50®3 50; Sprig. $2®2 50: Teal,
$1 25@l 50- Widgeon $1 2501 50; small Ducks.
*1: Gray J3<»ese, $3: White. Gee«e. f\tt>
1 50. Brant' $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers $5 for large and $4 for email; Eng
lish Snipe. $3- common Snipe. $1 75: TVlld
Doves. $1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Erush; Hare. $1 50.
Poultry, and Game.
CHICAGO Dec. 15. — CATTLE— Receipts.
S00O- slow; good to prime steers. $5© 5 60; poor
to medium, $3 2504 75: stockers and feeders.
$1 75S4- cows. $1 2«">@:3 00: heifers. *i 75®4 50;
cainers.' ?1 50g2 40; bulls, $1 7ojf4 ; calves,
"HOGS— Receipts to-day, 35.000: to-morrow.
40 0CO- 5{M0c lower: mixed and butchers', tl 40
<B4 fi5; pood to choice heavy. $4 r»0@4 CO: rough
hecvy $4 2564 40; light, $4 25@4 55; bulk of
Fales. $4 45<&4 55, ¦, -vv •; *'.^ • ¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000: sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers. $3 50»3>l: fair
to choice mixed, $2 75(ff3 40: Western sheep.
$2 75^3 »0: native lambs, $405 i5; Western
lamb*. $3 75©5 50.
Eastern Livestock Market,
«
CHICAGO.
Unusually pleasant weather since December
1 Plowing 1« progressing rapidly; large acre
aire sown to grain, which i* making good
rrowth Gr«*en feed is plentiful. Shipments of
apples are slowly decreasing.
EUREKA SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. SicAfile.. section j
cf the tBl&Ste and crop service of the |
Wtather Bureau. '.» aa follows;
GENERAL SUUilARY.
Tfce m-eathcr curing the wetk was cool and )
I>a.n.!y cloudy in uioet . srrttons, becoming '
vifcriitr toiMLrd Uie close. Llgnt ra.in *«.-il in ;
tiit cinirai and ncrthera districts on the l£th j
and l.;ih. Heavy frosts occutTt-d ia rritriy aii j
•scciions ai the beginning of the week, out no ,
mtcttkl injur> - ivaulted.
Eariy «iic»t ±na tais in the c-riitral and |
r.^iihf in **ctlor.s iire in ex-.-ollent condition end
liiukiiiS gooO gt«tvtbi L>uv ia the &outU»:ra dis
tricts thtee crops are bacirward. ov.iiig to light
r-.;r.;a:l. Often Ici-d is oiwiniiant. cxccjit in me
gouth tnd cattle art- iiuprovmu rapidlv. lu
ell i>!ar«* where th« ralnrall Kas be«n ample
tfce soli is in excellent condition for cultivation.
*nd plowing ana Feeding are progressing. In
the touthtrn San Joatjum Valley and Southern
Caatornia the soil is very dry. but some pro
tress i* b?ing made rn patting m crops. \ he
wells are becoming dry in soirse secUoni and
watf-r lor irrigation :s running low. The ram
o! th<; i-receding week in Southern California
¦wa* too iight to improve the sell or ra^turage.
Orang" hari"t: is progressing rapidly in the
different districts-, and large shipments are
rrf-iig made (or the holiday trade. Drio«l fruits
ar^ also tK-ing ehip»>*d . in considerable quar.- j
tiises. Southern California orang's were con- ,
rtderab!" damaged by the fcicn winds report»Kl |
lasi mmA. The rrotts have caused no material ,
ir.ury except to unpicked olives in some sec- !
tiens"; the *ru:t Scramt too soft for pickling
aci will tr« used for oil. '
VALLEY.
Cool v.eather cc::tinued durins the week,
with heavy frosts and considerable fog. Light
ra:n fell in rnoet sections toward the close of
tbe wetk. • Whent. t^ts and grass are in good |
condition «.nd maJwlne ratld srrowth. Greca
fe«l ¦ i« oler.tiful. and etocks are doing well.
Th» soil is in excellent condition for cultivation ;
and plowing ar.d F<t(Jir.g are progres-slng \
rapidly. No serious injury h&s resulted from
t'ie hvavy frcsts. but unpicked olivr* in some
places have b»-en rendered enfit for pickling
? and will be made into c!i. Citrus fruits are
•well colored, etid larue shipments of oranges
continue. Pruning its progressing. Orchards
tn<l vineyards arc looking wf-11.
COAST AND CAY £ECT1ONP.
The weather continued cool ana partly cloudy
until near the close of the week, with severe
frosts in mcEt places. Light rain fell in the
cer.tral and northern sections Saturday and
Sunday, and wanner weather prevailed. In
the eouthem interior districts the deficiency in
rainfall is becoming quite serious, as feed is
very short, cattle are in poor condition and
farm werk is being retarded. In the central
*nd rortiern sections the precipitation has
bera mom plentiful, the soil is in good condi
tion, early grain is looking well, irreen feed
ia abundant and stock are Improving. Plowing
aafl seeding are progressing satisfactorily in
moet places Tree and vine pruning continue.
No material damage has been done by frosts.
SAN JOAQUIN VALL.EY.
Oeserally clear, cold weather prevailed dur
4n* the week, with some foggy mornings in
tie northern portion. Heavy frosts occurred
frequently but caused no damage. Plowing
and eeeding are progressing rapidly in the
northern portion, where the soil is in excellent
condition. Early sown grain on eummer fallow
it up ana is a &o°d stand. In the eoutnern
portion plowing and seeding are greatly retard
ed on account of lack of rain. Pruning of
orchards and vineyards is progressing. Picking
«nd shipping oranges continue. Olive-picking
1b nrogreesltjg. Green feed is plentiful and
Ftock are in good condition In the northern part
of the valley; in the southern portion green
fe«a is scarce and stock are thin but healthy.
fcOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Cj<. a r weather continued during the week and
the temperature was nearly normal. Frosts
occurred In several places, but caused no dam
age. The rain at the close of tiie preceding
week «u too light to be of value to the *oil
cr pasturage except in the coast districts. The
high winds reported last week caused consider
able damage to oranges in the vicinity of Ana
heim. Orange picking is in progress, and large
quantities of oranges and driM fruits are
roing forward for the holiday trade. The soil
1* very dry. but some farmers have commenced
plowing and seeding. Feed Is scarce.
\ LOS ANGELES SUMART.
A cold, dry week. Seme frost, but not heavy
enough to do damage. No suffering yet for lack
of rain, but good rains are needed for feed
and to prepare lands and orchards. Irrigation
continues a* freely as in summer.
The Weather and Crops.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— The cotton market
closed steady, net 5 to 10 points higher.
FOR .TUESDAY. DECEMRER. 15.
Flour qr sks .. 14.1 CS 1 Tallow ctls ... 312
Wheat ctls 12. 0'5j Pelts. No. 21S
Barley ctls ... 4.4C0; Hides. No 4S4
¦Rye ctls 4«5, Raisins, bxa ... l.DflO
Beans sks 1.5X1 OuJcksllver. Cks. W»
Potatoes s'.cs .. 5.4.10: Wine gals .... Si.unn
Bran. ek» lso ( Rrandy. srala .. 5.40O
Middlings sks.. 60. Sugar, ctls 3-T>
Hay tons 409' Tyather. rolls .. irt
Wool bales 23 Chicory- hbls .. 2S
Feed sks M; Lime, bbls .... 416
Screenings, sks. 5C1'
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr oks .. ft.lCOt Beans, sks 1
Barley ctls .-... «.000 Flaxseed. «ks. . . l.flfil
Oats ctls 5.C82'Wool bales .... 30
Receipts of Produce.
pt Or v,, Sale*. High. Low. Close. |
Atchison - 15.700 fi»'4 «S% «S%
Atchlson pfd 1.400 93 92* 92«4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 8.385 79^ .9Vi ?9%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 8R RS S7>4
Canadian Pacific... .1.600 U9U, USVj 11R%
Con of New Jersey 155
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1.000 33 H 33 «* 33
Chicago & Alton... 1.500 35% 35 35
Chi & Alton pfd <58%
Chi Great Western, t ! C«0 10 15*4 15%
Chi G W B pfd... 400 2»H 28 27%
Chicago & N W... C00 16SV4 1O4V4 104
Chi Term & Trans ." 8^-
Chi T & T pfd 200 IS , IS 1« i
C. C. C & St Louis BOO 77^ 77 77^4
Colorado Southern.. 200 14% 14«4 14V 4
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 54 R4 54
Colo" South 2d pf 1. 200 23 Vi 23 23
Delaware & Hudson 400 160 ISSVi 15S14
Del, Lack & West ...>.-..;..• 240
Renver & Rio O... 100 21% 21% 21»i
Den & Rio G pfd 72
Erie 44.300 30% 30 - 30 •
Erie 1st pM 3. COO CS.% <:7% «7»4
Erie 2d pfd 3.400 51^. 50% 50%
Great Northern pfd .... 16O
Hocking Vall-y 73%
Hocking Val pfd 83 .
Illinois Central 1,300 13O»4 129% 129Vi
Iowa Central 300 '21% 20% 21
Iowa Central pfd • 38
K C Southern 18««
K C Southern pfd.. 100 34>i 34^i S4U
Louis A- Neeh...... 7.P00 I07\4 100% 106%
Manhattan L B.700 142% 140% 141
Metropolitan St Ry. 1.320 122% 121 Vi 121%
Minn & St Louis.. 2.700 02 60 W)
Missouri Parifle 2.00b D3% 92% B3
Mo. Kan & Texas.. 500 18 IS • 17%
M."K A T pfd 2.000 39% 39 38^4
NU RR Mex pfd 88
New York Central. 1.000 119% 11R^ 118%
Norrolk & Western. 3,100 58% 67% 67%
Nor & West pfd ¦ 88
Ontario & Western. 1,900 22 21% 21%
Pennsylxanla 4?,600 118 117 117%
P, C. C A St Louis 60
Reading.. 11,900 45 44% 44%
Reading 1st pfd .*. 7«%
Reading 2d pfJ.... 100 60 60 «0 '
Rock Island Co 4,200 26% 23% 25%
Rock Island Co pfd. 500 61% 61% 61%
StL & SF 1st pfd .... CO
BtL & SF 2d prd... 100 44% 44% 41%
£t Louis & SW 13%
St Louis & S W pfd 800- 32% 32% 82
Ft Paul v... 10.100 143% 142 V4 142
St Paul pfd 200 172% 171% 171%
Southern Pacific... 33,000 49% 48% 48%
Southern Railway.. 3,800 21% 21 21
Southern Ry pfd.. 300' 77% 77% 77%
Texas & Pacific... 1,300 25% '25% ' 25W
T, StLA.W...... 200 21%: 21% 21%
T. fit L. 4 W pfd.. .100 . 35% - 35% 35
Union Factfic 44,100 78% ¦ 7fi% 78T.
Union Pacific pfd... 100 88 8S- 89
Wabash 200 20% 20% 20%
Wabash pfd 1,600 37%' 37 37
Wheeling & L E • .;.. 16%
Wisconsin Central.. l.fiOO -. 17»4 V 17% i'it,
WIs Cent pfd ,1.900 30% 38 38%
Express Companies —
Adams .... 221
American * » »B»i »» iBf» "*' «T 1 W
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— Except for the con
j sid^racle volume of dealings in one or two
I flocks to-day's market was dull and at times
I practically idle. The occasional pt-nods of
activity were buying movements for the first
part of the day, but prices elipjxrd back to
below last night's level before the closing, and
the cloying itseir was barely steady. During
the early periods of dullness holders of stock
seemod content to await the demand, and there
was no pressure ot offerings when- buyers
paufed in their operations. Amalgamated Cop-
W-r led the market In point of activity and
lifted 1"r at the top level. The strength and
activity of the London market for copper
seemed to be the inspiring cause of the buying
and ooppvr securities in other markets sympa
thized with the movement. Even United States
SteH preferred had seme share in the early
rtr»ngth of the market, and the urgent borrow
ing demand for the stock for delivery pointed
to the necessity of a short Interest. The an
nouncement of the extensive economies contem
plated by the company were accepted as prom
ising well for the net earnings of the corpora
tion. The late reaction In the market, however,
centered in this stock, and its dron to over
a point below laft night's price upset the whole
marke-t. The passing of the dividend on Cru
cible Steel preferred was an Influence on the
stock, although that company is recognized as
the victim of troubles peculiar to Itself. The
pending meetings of the member* of the various
steel pools were subjects of Interested surmise
and Information of their probable action on the
eubjecl of maintaining present prices was hard
to g»t. Rumors were heard of an intended cut
in the price of fteel rails and of difficulty In
holding the pool together, which may have
helred the weakness of United States Steel
preferred. The speculative element seemed to
have put aside any misgivings over the North
ern Securities case. It was argued that the
t«>xt of the decision might serve to define the
legal I'mltatloM under which the purposes of
the merger could be accomplished and so clfar
up the present unstable condition on the mat
ter. Sterling exchange developed a very
strong tone on a strong demand for bills, which
was partly attributable to the need to cover
engagements of gold in London for import. Sev
eral hundred thcusand dollars additional was
engaged to-day and the first arrival of Jap
anese gold at San Francisco wat made available
to the New York banks bv telegraphic transfer.
The extraordinary showing of the country's
foreign trsde for November was studied with
satisfaction in the financial district. With an
Increase In value of export* over last year of
$35.<V)O.OOO nnd a decrease in value of imports
of $10,000,000. the powerful control of the In
ternational exchanges in favor of New York Is
m«fl» ojear.
TV.nrf* were dull and steady. Total salts,
$1.7Rn.OOO.
Unit«d States bonfls were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. i>'.. ;
Nczu York Stock Market.
Red Bluff 30.12 50 4S SE Rain .3H
Ros^burg 2W.7K «2 52 SE Cloudy .<«*
Bacf»IB«atO ..;50.10 6o 4S SW Rain Tr.
Ka!t Lake ."J0.30 3S 20 N\V fleur .O«»
San Krancisoo.30.14 52 -48 NW Rain Tr.
8. L. Obispo....-Ut.l4 7O 4O W Clear .<Mi
tan Diegc 3U.O2 72 .VJ NW Clear .i»0
Seattle 29.72 60 4« SE Rain .1*2
Bpokane :;0.00 40 32 NE Rain .!*J
Tatoosij 29.4S 54 4S NE Rain .74
Walla Wai la.. 2U.HS 34 28 W Cloudy .OS
Wlnmmucca .30.18 44 10 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 30.08 72 40 N Clear .OO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is falling rapidly along the
northern coa^t and a disturbance of some
depth r.ow overlies Washington and Oregon.
It will probably move southward, causing
generous rains Wednesday in Central and
Northern ralifornia. It may cau.se rain in
Southern California by Thuisday.
Southeast storm signals are displayed at
Ean Francisco, Point L.obos, Southeast Faral
lon. Sauealito. Point Reyep, Fort Bragg, M'n
docino and Eureka.
. Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December 1«J:
Northern California— Rain Wednesday; brisk
southr-ast winds, hish on the ccast.
Southern California — Increasing cloudiness
Wednt-siiay, with conditions becoming favor
ablo for rain by Thursday; light northeast
winds, changing to southeast.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday; probably light
i snow.
San Fri>nci.<=oo and vicinity — Rain Wednes
- day; brisk to high southeast winds.
[ • - A. G. HcADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
BEEF— Prime Kcsst. 15£lSe; Porterhoure
!t«-a> ls;S224c; Tenderloin btesk. 15fflSc: Sir
icin &'tak l2'aS15c; Top Round Steak. 124c;
Beef ettwi 10c; Corn Beef, g&loc; fiaup Bones,
kc: ?ojp Meat. r^flOc.
VEAL— Loin lirart. ;r>e20c: Shoulder Roast.
VZ-x&lZc: Cr.cps and Cutlets. 155720-.; Stew,
MUTTON— 1>T. 12^Srl5c: Forequarter. 8©
U-c; Sttw PSIOc: lYltre Chops. 12 1 -.SrlXc.
LAMB-lLeK. 20<: •; Forequarter, 124«l-»c:
Hsr.dqjarter. l^JI^C^: Shoulder Roat-t. !0©^
li^c; CIiC-p«. lDJilSf.
POr.X— Itoast VtWMfe: Chops. 15@18s
T.«ie prices do rfl cover the cheaper grades.
t£ it Is lnpoei.bie to quote regular price* on
Oxen.
Retail Meat Prices:
l^e following retail price* for meats are
footed by the Retail Butchers* Protective As
•ocletlor.:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable's, j
River Potatoes continued to arrive, freely j
and the market : was very' quiet, with stocks:
steadily accumulating. Trade wa» quiet, even !
In the very best offerings of Salinas and Ore- |
gon Burbank's.' and th> top' quotation for the |
latter was obtained only for exceptionally fine j
lots. Sweet Potatoes ruled weak at lower i
prices. No fresh ; stock was ¦ received but the I
market wns^overloaded with carried -over stock. ;
Onions were ,-rathT weak, with supplies still j
in excess of th»' demand. '¦ . ¦ ; ;
As usual on Tuesday. the receipts of Los An- ;
geles vegetables wore small. and offerings
consisted chiefly of carr!ed-over stock, which |
was in good request at steady prices. Toma
toes wrre in light supply and choice lots of
Los Angeles stock In crates met with prompt j
sal* at a sharp advance. Beans. Peas and ,
Summer Squash were firm, while Egg Plant I
was weak and sold at a wide range as to size j
and quality. Green Peppers and Mushrooms
were lower under increased receipts.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 600
Roc per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 45 per j
ctl: Oregon Burbank*. 85c«J$l 05 per ctl; River ;
Reds. 60(fi)C5c rer ctl : Sweet Potatoes. Wctfp ¦
$1 p?r ctl. ; ¦ . • ;
ONIONS— $101 20 per ctl. j
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3«I5c per lb; j
String Beans . «®9c per lb; Wax. 8@10c: To- :
matoes 75ci{}$1 per box for bay and 75c@$l 50 '
per box or rrate for I.os Angeles; Summer ;
Squash from Los Angeles. $1 per box: Cabbage. !
50c per ctl- Carrots 50c per sack; Cucumbers, ,
per box; Garlic fi<ft7c per lb: Egg Plant.
r.e8c per lb: Dried Peppers. 50Sc per lb for*,
Stockton and lliS12<Ac for southernjjjDrled
Okra 124c per lb: Green Peppers. 6aSe per j
lb; Mushrooms 15@25c per lb: Marrowfat and
Hdbbard Squash ¦ $1O<512 per ton for round
lots and 4®lc per lb for sacked.
NEW YORK Dec. 15.— There was a renewal
of speculative activity m the. London tin mar
ket to-da» and prices there advanced £2 l.s
M to £W7 for spot and JSJ2S 6. .for^future.,
locally tin was strong, reflect ng the foreign
advance, with epot closing about 50 points
Th^LoncTo'n copper market was 2s 6d higher
at £57 for spot and £5(1 12b Bd for futures-.
"fiSS'w'i. 2 g*F8S¥S l*n«on-.t £n.o S
and was firm here but unchanged at, $.4. .87^
for small lots and ?4 25 for oar lots
Sneltcr advanced 2k ihl at l^ndon to £21 10s.
but' was nominally unchanged here at $o 25 for
Sr °ron wae unchanged at 48s »d in Glasgow,
but declined Ss to 41s Cd in Mlddlesboro. lo
cally iron seems to be a little easier on the
whole owing to a slackening in demand and
rather freer offerings. Prices, however, are
nominally unchanged. with No. 1 foundry
Northern quoted at $15«16: No. 2 foundry
Northern. $14@15: No. 1 foundry Southern and
No. 1 foundry Southern soft. $13 JKXgM.
New York Metal Marl^t.
Ther* Is now a fair movement In Hops, and
I during the past few days there have been
Mixnernus sales in Sonoma County, the move
ment being reported at 12OO bale*, at prices
I averaging 22c per lb for choice. It is esti
! mated that . not over 80o bale* remain unsold
in the county.' There has al«o been consid
erable selling in Or»gon and Washington, where
I the growers want to realize 1 to clo^ their
arcountH at the end of the year. It is re
ported that in the three Coast States there
are now only about 30.000 balea remaining in
growers' hands, while middlemen, commission
houses and speculators hold about 20.000 bales
rmore. The market 1st firmly . held; '. .
i - la regard to the statement of the stock on
! hand just above, the New York Journal of
(Commerce says: <
I* "Some of the trade • took issue with the ad-
, vices received from the Codst and. published
iln our last trsiie placing the supply of hops in
! first and second bands on the Coast at 5O.Co<»
'. bales, they stating that their information leads
• them to believe that growers do not hold In
;:exrf.?s of 21. COO bales and that first and kfc-
I r.nJ hands together do not hold more than
I 35, CCO bales. Cfcast advires continued to re
' port a firm market. During the past few
i day* there has been freer buying of the lower
Igrjideo. and with growers inclined to be slow
In miftlng the market prices have shown an
, advancing tendency and no pales at under 15c
hav* bf-en reported. Up to 22c has been t>ald
i'for choice grades, and at the close some deal
'. ers quoted prices on the Coast for choice
1 fradrs up to 11(g24o."
Wool continues- dull and featureless at the
fam'llar quotation.". There is no further
chance In Hides, the market being quiet.
! HIDES AND SKINS— Ctill« end brands sell
1 about 14c under mWations. Heavy salted
i Steers. 9c: m»dlum. 8cj light. 74c; Cow Hides,
i 7V,c for heavy and 7Vic for light: Stags. 5c;
! Salted Kip 9c: Raited Veal. 10<*: Salted Calf.
: 10«c: dry Hides.- 15c: dry Klj>. l.tc: , dry
t Caff. ISc: SheeDfkins, shearlings. 25@30c *ach;
¦ short Wool 40?f('iOc each: : medium. 70@90o;
• lone Wool. $101 50; Horse Hides. salt.
I *2 75 for large and $2?»2 50 for medium. $1 25
i 01 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
! Hides, rtrr $1 75 for large and SI 50 for me
' dlum, *lffl 25 for small and 50c for Colt*.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 3lc: dry saltfd
j Mexican 25c: dry Central American. Sic. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. ~Z>c: large and smooth.
50c: medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. *\ rendered, 44c per lb:
N". 2. 4c; gr<=ase. 2',if53c.
WOOI, — Fall clln — S*»n .Toaquln Lambs*. 9-^
11c: Middle Countv. H61?c: Northern Free.
ll(S;i?c: Northern Defective. lOffilic: Humboldt
and MendoHno. I2*rl4c: Nevada. 13^15c: Ore
gon fine. IStfjiOc; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 19@23c per lb for California.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
NEW YORK Dec 15.— Special .cable and
tefegraphlc communications received by lirad
str4fs show the following changes in avail
able supplies as compared with previous ac-
C °\Vheat— United States and Canada. '' east- of
th» Rockies, increased l.OH.S.OO.) buxt.t-ls artoat
for and in Europe. Increase WKMHH);. total sup
(JSS^SSr&ffS Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 5:5.000.
Visible Supply of Grain.
There lg now very little movement In Beans,
ami the n:arket Is of. a holiday character. Quo
tations show, no further change. ipere Is
nothing new In Seeds. ' , ' ¦
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30fl2 40; Pea. $3; But
ters. $3 25: small White $2 S5@3; large
White $2 40-5-2 60; Pink. $2 05@2 75; Rerl.
$3 50-' Lima. *3(63 10; Red Kidneys. ' $4©4 25:
Blackeye $2fi2 15 per ctl; Horse Reanx, $1 50
©2 " ¦ ' ' • ' - ' ' *'
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. *3: Yellow Mus
tard $2 fl."»@2 sr»: Flax. $1 80«l W>; Canary.
5<R5VjC for Eastern ; Alfalfa. - ll©14c: Rape.
1%^'2'ie:' Timothy. 0(g(i4c; Hemp. 3 V, Ht:>H,c
per- lb';" Millet., v^'J'Ac; Broom Corn Seed. $20
(623 per ton. 1
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0®2 p*r ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
add 5o. Linseed. AZe per gallon for boiled and
4:jc for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
B»kers' AA. *1 ln^jl 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. BOtfSOa per gallon;
Cocoanut «»il. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, «0c;- natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C.V: natural Whalu
Oil. WKr; extra winter Strained Lard Oil. 83c;
No. 1 1-ard Oil. 73c; pure Neatafoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 63«; light Herring Oil. 43c;
dark Hf-rrlng- Oil. 4.!o; Salmon Oil. 3Sc: boiled
Fish. oil. -luc; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc;-botled Paint
Oil 3T>c; raw Paint Oil. Xic. . : ¦
IOAL Oll^ — Water •Whltft Coal Oil in bulk.
15!ic: Prarl Oil in ca»e». 22c: Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c; Extra Star. 2<Sc: Elaine. 2*c: Eocene.
25c; decdorized Stove <!aso!lne. in bulk. 17c;
in rases. 2:14c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in cases.
<lU4c; HC-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; In
cases, 27 4c
TURPENTINE— SOc per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WIIITK LEAD- Red Lead. 64©
7c oer lb; White Lead. «'J@7c, according to
•liuintlty. • .
gUICKSILVER— $43 !>0<e45 for local use ancl
$12 3<»<@4.-J CO per flask for export.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt • Companv
i quotes a<? follows: (lenuln* Liverpool. $13 5t*g»
1«- Palfs. common. $1 65: Dairy. Der ton,
¦ S12 50- Ilnlf Ground. *1> 75-^10 25: Rock Salt.
:JS 50^« 75; imitation Uverpool. $12 50@13 25:
Grannlate<>. $12 .1d«13 25 por ton.
SUGAR — The Western Suisar Refining Com
i pany quotes as follows, per lb. In lOO-lb bags:
Cube* A Crushed and Fin* Crushed. 5.K5c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
; Gr-nulated fine. 5.4Op; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 40c- Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; tteet Granu
lated'' (ICO-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners*
A 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c: Extra C. 4.90c:
• Go!«lpn C. 4.8Or: "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 2Zc more: box«s. 50»* more; 5O-1S
bacs 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels 5.90c: boxes. «.15o: H. & E. Crystal
Domino*. 8.40c oer lb.- No orders taken for
]*>«s than s>eventy-flve barn>l9 or its equivalent.
Ll'MBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S®1!»: ex
i trn sizes higher: Redwood. $19rt»23: Lath. 4
1 feet *1 S034: Pickets. $!91i2fl: Shlnscies. $2 for
! No. 'l and $1 BO for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split
i and $14 for sawn; Rustic. $25@3l.
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— Dec. March. Mar.
PARIS. • jt
- n-v.ot Dec. Mar.-June.
Onenlng -° m -° 7 "
Flour — «>o ift or lift
Dupntnir *** 1<J ~< SO
Cloning -* lK> il N5
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-dajr the Butter
market wa* steadv creameries. l«@25c; dairies.
U.®21c: eggs firm. 20@29c; xheese, steady,
loisio'.ic.
There is nothing new in the situation, either
here or at Western packing c*nten». the mar
kets being quiet all along the lln». Stocks are
ample for all needs. '
Cl'RKD MEATS — Bacon. HVie per lb . fcr
heavy. 12c for light .medium. 14c for light.
14>Jc for extra light. 18c for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 14c; California Hams. 13V,@
13>Ac: Mess Beef. $11 CO per bbi: extra Mess.
S12&12 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork. *17;
extra clear $24: Mess. $1»: Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Pig Pork. $2S; P.lga # Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c. per lb. * £ V
LAUD— Tiercea quoted at 7>.ic per lb for.
compound and Oc fur pure; half-barrel*, pure.
»Y<c: 10-lb tins, 9%c: 5-lb tins, f>!ie; 3-lb tins.
10c
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8*sc: thr<>e
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two.tlerce.o,
8'<.c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
Arf i plo _ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 40,100 22,500
Whel : bushels W».80O 27.400
S«"; b\"S.:".7. 214.JJOO 134 500
Barley, bushels' i6.90O l.t.3OO
Local Stocks and Bonds continue in small movement.
Wall-street Stocks steady and without feature.
Siiz-cr and Exchange about as before quoted.
Cash Wheat firm, but Futures weak. Freights still low.
Barley lower. Seed Oats in demand. Corn ancl Rye quiet.
Flour and Millstuffs in average demand.
Hay weak, owing to the weather and free receipts.
Fcedsttiffs easy, in sympathy with the raze grain.
Trading in Beans and Seeds light and featureless.
Butter and Eggs still tending downward and Cheese weak.
Dried Fruits, Xuis and Raisins in slow demand.
Proz-isions quiet here and at Western centers.
Hops moving steadily out of first hands.
Wool and Hides quiet, the quotations unchanged. '
Not much variation in* Cattle. Sheep and Hogs.
Scz-cral hijids of Cordage lower.
Potatoes and Onions weak, with large supplies on hand.
Poultry m active demand and generally higher? Game weak.
Apples and Grapes in good demand, but other Fruits quiet.
Winter auction sales of Oranges to begin to-day.
Northern California Oranges being bought for Los Angeles.
Feedstuffs have lately developed weakness in
• sympathy with the raw grains, and several de
scriptions have declined, as wlll.be seen. Hay
continues weak at the decline noted yesterday,
and the threatening weather Is more or le»»
against the market. A few days of small re
ceipts, however, would probably impart renewed
strength to the market. .
BRAN— 419 60®20 50 per. ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2C 50O28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $10 60©20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23@24 p«r
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. S27®28 00:
Jobbing S2»<g!30: Cocoanut Cake. $21622: Corn
Meal. $28 50<S29 60; Cracked Corn. $29$?30:
Mixed Feed, »22©23; Horse Beans. $30©40 per
°HAY— Wheat $13 50®16: Wheat and Oat.
$13@15 50; Orft $124*14: Wild Oat. $11 W ! ®
13 60; Barley ' $12013 fiO; Stock., nominal—
none here; Alfalfa. $10@12 50 per ton.
STRAW— 10Q05c per bale. ,
Hay . and Feedstuff s.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
United States'.'. .... 1"1
Wells-FarKo . 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 99,400 49 47?i 47%
Am Car & F 1,000 lUVs 19V* 19
Am Car & F ufd.. 100 C(5^ 66Vj C6«i
Am Linseed Oil.. «
Am Lin Oil pfd ' 30
Am Locomotive ... 700 15 14% 14 "i
Am Locomo pfd 75M.
Am S &-Refng 7,500 tO% 4$Vi 48%
Am S & Ref itfd >»0>/i
Am Sugar Refng.. 8.000 124% 123^ I'-WHi
Ana Mining Co ... 1,400 80 79 79
Bklyn Rapid Tran. 20.300 50VT/ 49',4 4'J%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 2S 'i'Vi 28
Col & Hock Coal.. 100 12^, 12% 12Vi
Consolidated Gas .. l',100 184% 1S4 1S3>*
General Electric .. 1.300 163 l«4?i 1«4
Inter. Paper ...'... .:.. 10',»
Inter Paper pfd .... *<-
Inter Pump 2U
Inter Pump pfd... 70
National Biscuit 3C? t
National Lead 15?4
North American ,. •• "5
Pacific Mall ...... 25
People's Gas 1.800 ilS^ 97% U7%
Pressed Steel Car . 250 2ti 20 25 ft
Pressed S Car pfd ««
Pullman Pal Car . . 274
Republic Fteel 500 1 «V» *>Vt
Republic Steel pfd. 1.80O 4OV4 39H - 3»'/a
Rubber Goods 1,600 18% 17% 17%
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 72 .72 72
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3.000 33 »i 32 32%
IT S Leather 200 7Vj 7% 7Vi
U S Leather pfd... 1.S0O 77 7tiVi ~W*
V S Rubber » |
IT S Rubber pfd 200 40 40 3914
1' S Steel 2.40O 10% 40% 10%
IT S Steel lifd f*,000 54>.i 52% B2%
¦\Vestern I'nlon **~
Nor Securities *>9%
Total sales 5:15,900
DNVtED RAILROADS OK SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec 15. — Bond transactions of
Uu'.ted KatlrL-aus ct San Francisco: 15,000 at
S75 50; SIKA 1 at J75 75; ll>00 at $75 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2» rep,. .l&r»>i| l^ouls & N unl 4s.lOO«4
Do cou:< 10« i Manhattan c g 4s. 101 U.
Do 3s reg 107 Vij Mexican Cent 4h. 70<^
Do coup 107U Do 1st ino HMi
Do new 43 r^g.1334 j Minn & Rt L 4«.. U0%
Do coup 133H,IM K & T 4s 90Mi
Do old 4s r»g.lO9 ! Do 2ds 77%
Do coup 110 N It R of M c 4*. 75 .
Do 6s reg 101 >4 N Y Cent g :S'44 UUN.
Do coup 101 V4 N J Cent g 5s.a30 i
Atchlson gen 4s..KH>i» Nor Pac 4« 102<i
Do adjt 4s .. S»7W Do 3d 70\<i #
Atlantic C L 4a. 93\ Nor & W <<>n 4». i)fl»(,
Balto & Ohio 4*.. 101 () S Ii *9 & Par. 02V1
Do HUs 95^ Penn conv 3Vji«... 95
Central of Ga 5s. 10.!", Rf ading 'Gen 4s.. U0T1
Do 1st Inc ... CO St L & I M c 5*.111Vi.
Ches & Ohio 4»,s.lO2*, S L & S F fg Is. 8*Vj
Chi & Alton 84f. 75»<iiSt L S W lsti. fli
C B & Q n 4s... »2»i I Seaboard A L 4s 73
C M& S P g 4s. Ill Southern Pac 4s.. 87^i
Chi & N W c 7b .131 Southern Ry 6s."I13%
C R I & P R R 4s C9% Tex & Pac lsts.115
Do col 5s 74 Tol 8t I. & W 4a. OS
C C C & S L g 43 «5>^ I'nion Pac 4s ..102% |
ChlTerm 4a 78 Do conv 4? ... 95%
Con Tobacco 4s. 57 IT S Steel 2d 5s. tt)«4
<'olo & So 4s .. 84% Wabash lsts ....114
Denver Si It G 4s. M% Do Deb B .... fll
Erie prior lien 4?. «S% Wheel & L E 4s. 87 >i ¦
Do gen 4s St! WIs Cent 4s S9V t
Ft W & D C ists.ltKJM, Colo Fuel & I 5s. 71
Hocking Val 4Us.lOO '
NEV\' YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lOjUttle Chief 03
Alice 14'Ontario H 00
Breece 10'Ophlr 1 75
Brunswick Con.. O.T'i Phoenix 05
Comstock TiinneJ... ORlPotosi 18
i Con Cal A- Va 1 «K)| Savage S5
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nev- 45
Iroa Sliver 1 «o, Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con 02 ; Standard 190
BOSTON STOCKS AND KONDS.
Money— - Westlngh Com 75
Call loan* fiif?6>4 Mining-
Time loans 5{?«>i Adventure 2
Bonds — . Allouez 4
Atchlson 4s 09 Amalgamated 47% :
Mex Ont 4s €8Vj Daly West 34 U, j
Railroads — Blngham 20
Atchison CS% Calumet & Hecla.436
Do prefd 92% Centennial 1«
Poeton & Albany.244 Copper Range ... 40
Koston & Maine. U:0 Dominion Coal .. 74'4
r Boston L 140 Franklin 7H
N Y N II * H..191 lole Royale «'4
Kitchbure nfd ...l.lii j Mohawk 37
Union PaTlfic .... 78% i Old Dominion »
Mexican Central.. 1»% [Osceoia 5I> ¦
Miscellaneous — ! Parrot 22 ?4
Amer Sugar 123v4jQuincy S5
Do prefd 120V; Santa Fe. Copper. l»j
.Amer Tel & Tr-l.li'5% Tamarack^ ., 85 4
Domln Iron & S. R Trinity . .- 4%
'Gen Electric 163 United States ... IS i
Mass El^tric ... 184 Utah SOU ]
Do prefd 7« Victoria 1% :
United Fruit 100 Wlnona 1\b ,
U S Steel 104 Wolverine 074 ;
Do prefd r.2% j
IX»NDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols. money.SS 15-16 N Y Central ...123
Do account ... S9*i Nor & Western.. 60
Anaconda 4>« Do prefd 90
Atchlson -71 »i Ontario &• "West.. 22%
Do prefd 95% Pennsylvania .... 6OT^
Balto & Ohio 82>i Rand Mines 0*4
Canadian PncUlc.123 Heading 23VI«
Ches & Ohio 34% Do 1st prefd... 40
Chicago G W lf>4 Do 2d prefd 354
Chi Mil & St P.1474|Southem Ry . . w 22"4
DeBeers 20*4 1 Do prefd 804
Denver & R G... 22%! Southern Pac ... 50%
Do rrefd 7ri>-; Union Pacific ... 82
Erie 314 Do Drefd 91
Do 1st prefd... 70% U S Steel U% I
¦ Do 2d nrefd-. ... 52'/, Do prefd 56
Illinois Centra 1...133 4 Wabash 21
Louis & Nash ..1""". Do prefd 39
Mo Kan & Tex.. 18%
Bar Silver — Steady. 25 13-lCd per ounce.
Money — 24^3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 3% per cent and . for three
months', bills 3% per cent.
The local millers continue to report a fair
average business in Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California- Family Extras. $4 C0@
4 85. usual terms: Bakers* Kxtras. $4 50® 4 t>0:
Oregon and Washington. $3 »0©4 20 -per bbt
for Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham " Flour. %" 25 per 100 Iba;
Rye Flour %\ 25;, Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour,
$7": Corn Meal $:; 25; extra cream do. J4; Oat
Groats $4 50:' Hominy. $4<g4 25: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 506r4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. S3 50: Rolled
Oats bbls. S7 25®S CO; In sacks. S« 75<gS 10;
Ptarl- Barley. $0; Split Peas., boxes. $7; Green
Peas $5 50 per 10O lbs. ' ' '.
Flour and Millstuffs;
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5«4c per lb; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, tt*£c; Seed
less . Muscatels, 4&C; do. floated. 4»*c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4&c; Thompson's Seedless,
6Hc. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2: 6-crown Dehesas,
$2 50: 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per Ib; do 3-crown, 5?ic: Valencia
Cured. 4»/,c; Paciflp. do. 3»ic: Oriental, do.
2-74C. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb: choice. 7 7 4c; 12-ox packages, fancy.
0<&c; choice, V%c; In bulk, fancy, 7*ic; choice,
7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13^614c;
No 2. Il^iffl2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13&i:il»c;
No. 2. 114rllV4c; Almond9. lie for Nonpareils.
10>4c for I X Is. 10«ic for Ne Plus Ultra and
'8=5ic for Languedoc: Peanuts. C&7c for East
ern: Pecans. ll*J13c: Cocoanuts. |4 50®.">: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. S@10jB per lb. and 10@llc
f °lIONEY n — Comb, Ilfgl3; for white and «#10c
for amter: water white extracted. .w&s'ijC;
light amber extracted. 4'4<g5c; dark, 3!i*f-lc.
HKESWAX— 27629c per lb.
. * .. .:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; -DECEMBER 16, 1903.
May ...........11 "Vt 11 77V4 H 65 11.75
Lard, per 100 lbs-- -• " •
January « 45 6 45 6 42% 6 45
May .:..:.:::.; O62V4 6-«bh «eo e«2%
• Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January .;..... 0 O7& « 10 « <»"% « 10
May . I . . 0 30 0 30 6 25 0 30
Cash quotations were as follows- Flour,
steady: No. 2 spring wheat, 8l<S*2c; No. 3. 78c :
No. 2 red. 8O%083ttc: No. 2 corn^420; No. 2
yellow 44c- No. 2 oats, 34* 4 @34%c; No. J
white *34%@37c; No. 2 rye. 51We: good fading
barley, aecT fair to choice malting.
No. l-naxseco-. 03c; No. 1 Northwestern SI ;
prime timothy seed, $2 75: mess pork per ¦ bbl.
*11 itOtni 40; lard, per 10O >^;* tt *£*»,«
short ribs sides (loose) $fi ™f? J?Attiv £"
clear sides « boxed). *s 25S« J. 14 : whisky, ba
sis of high wines, H -'7; clover, contract grade,
in. • ¦ ! " tt
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AUCTION SALES
DISPERSAL SALE
OF
£->. " 54 Thoroughbred Race -tw
<tf2S Hersss, Brood Mares. Etc. /trt
•From the
MERRIWA STOCK FARM.
R. K. DeB. IX5PEZ, Proprietor.
This Is the closing out of the grandest lot of
Australian and American thoroughbreds ever
offered in this State. There are sons and
daughters of St. Andrew. Maxio, St. Marco.
Llmewater. fncle Jess. Imp. Clieveden, Imp.
Herrlwa. Splendor. Castor. First Water. Mag-
net. Saw Lucas, etc. There are some grand
yearlings, two and three year olds tracing to
Musket, fattendon and Uoldsbrough.
Lisp (half slater to Articulate) will also be
sold.
As this marks the closing up of this farm
a golden opportunity is affo*rdrd horsemen to
get -th* best, representatives of Australasia,
ever offered. Sale takes place
I. MONDAY EVKNINO, Dec. 21. 190.1.
Commencing at 7:-'SO sharu, at
; OCCIDENTAL HOR*E EXCHANGE,
1M0 THIRD SiT., Near Kolwm.
Catalogues ready.
Horses at sales yard December 19.
\VM. U. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
*\_ AUCTION SALE OF HORSES AND
-fcfQ MARES. WKDNKSDAY. Dec. IS, at
.11 a. m.. AKt'ADG HORSE MARKET, 327
SIXTH ST. Forty-flve horsea and mares.
Every horse must be as represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAX ¦;¦ FRANCISCO.; CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER .10, 1903.
14
A BEAR-CHANCE.
There's a bare chance, of course, that your place you may sell.
Or a tenant secure (if you'd rent it) as well.
By a sign placed thereon; but we'll mention a way
That is certaia t>- bring: many persons each day
Who will look nt the place, and amontr them you'll see
The one who is sure to a purchaser be.-
Put an Ad. in The Call — there is no better way
To get what you wish, all our Want patrons say.
V. DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSs7~5o£5-C Callaghan bldg., Market
and McAllister ets., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call »t office. ¦
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
A NEW plat*-— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings, COc;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth ,st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlcrs, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c: sliver. 35c: crowns, $2; no J
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DUKSSMAIvKItS ASO SEAMSTKESSEM
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 1U> Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns eut to measure :eve.cla»«<. 1010 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the
first ot ¦ the year to its new home, 800-oIj
Golden Gate ave., occupying 18.000 ©square
feet the entire top floor of the new and spe-
cially fitted building of the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co., delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
son Square. Every modern Idea looking to
the health, comfort and best advancement of
our students will be incorporated. All de-
partments are. to be reorganized and Tefur-
ntehed throughout. When occupied It will be
' the largest, finest and most complete business
college west of Chicago.
Write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, telling all about, our special 23 per
cent removal discount rates.
Address 300 Larkln st. for the present.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRE9, the leading business coWege. 723 Mar-
ket fct.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods;- Individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
. for the university, lay arxl medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
spr;' day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution' of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
Ft.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
com plete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evj?s., Teutonla Hall. Howard St.. nr.
f*h. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1230
Market st.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1R04. Van
df-r Nalller. School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
KENT Law School; always open day and
night. 530 Parrott building (Emporium).
EI'GENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. -S10 Geary Bt. ; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PA RTINGTON'S. 42t Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writjjig.
etc.: "day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
"bmplovmext S^Zi!E^?z^.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinose .employment . office: fur-
nlshfs best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752. ,
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office.' 415
Stockton; tel. Grant_lCS: expert, rellablf help.
RELIABLE* Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
nce;.all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main Plt>8.|
CHINESE Employment Qfflce— Best^ help at
Leon Seung's.. 4im O'Farrell: tel. East-42b.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20pW«.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
ISMPLO YMEXT WAKTED FEM A t.B.
AN American girl. flrst-cla?s cook and house-
worker, can take full charge; best city refer-
•encs. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. ;
YOUNG lady desires position to do general of-
fice work, typewriting and ] copying; $10 pet-
week; no general office work. $1 50. Addres*
box ; 3188, > Call. ¦•'..': ¦-•',:¦
YOUNG lady desires : position to do. bookkeep-
ing and assist In shorthand and typewriting;
wages $9 per week. Addresa box J1S», Call.
•COMPETENT woman wishes work. by the day
cr half a day: washing and general hous«-
work. 40"Ivy ave.- 'V
A GERMAN lady would like a place; can do
"general housework, also a ¦ little washing;
wages not under $20. Box 4SS3. Call office. ,
A LADY will chaperon 6Chool girls East for
holidays; go. as companion, nurse or care
for invalid for expenses. Box 3183. Call.
A LADY would ' like a place to take care of
an invalid lady and charge of house if re-
\ quired: will - call; Monday. Address box
'-¦. 37»7, Call office. ¦-.-;--
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do
housework and cooking; » no ; washing. Box
379S. Call office. : .- .-."". ¦. . .
A RELIABLE woman wishes posltlon'as first-
class cook; - wages $23 to $30. Apply . 612A
_ Octavla st.' -' ' ¦•¦ . ' ' ¦ * - ¦ '.>•¦.
A POSITION, waxited as cook; Spanish. -French
and American; wages $35 to $40. ¦ Call at
1747 Hyde St.. near Broadway.
WOMAN: wants to do washing at home.' 204
• . Ellsworth' st. .- '.-' -'• "-' •--' - '" ¦* ¦•¦•¦¦•¦'
COMPETENT nurse would like a few more pa-
tients or care of Invalid. 017 Ninth st.. Oak-
land. '¦ _, - • •' ! :
ADVERTISEMENTS. lUbscriptlonj received at
- : Call Branch of flee. ¦ cor. . Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken- for The
V Call at Eaton's :Baraar. 633 -McAllister st. =
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — By . reliable, experienced man; r po-
' Eltlon as gardener; understands flowers," vege-
tables, fruits; can groom, milk; excellent ref-
.erences. ; Address box 881, Call office.^ ;
MAN .wants apposition on private place; can
take care 'of . horses and other.; stock; . handy
? ; with tools.* ;; Bex 48S6, Call office, v
ENERGETIC .., young ; man r would do - household
duties at private residence •' In exchange ' for
. room! or room jand Aboard.; Box 3164,'; Call.
ENERGETICi young ! man ; would' do > household
- : duties ¦ at ; ortvate > residence ' in " exchange for
" room or room and board. Box 3164, Call, ~
HELP WAXTFJn — FEMALE — Con. •
COOK, small •¦ hctel. country. $¦>?: cook, no
washing. $"5; cook, short order _ house. :w
week; cook and second girl, same house. *-^
$20; cook. 3 family, country. $25. fare here,
companion to 2 children, hotel. $-3: ™?* a -
$20;. waitress, Monterey County. $-•>. rare
-here; kitchen helper. $C; dishwasher. $10
week; second* girl. Oakland. $30; chamber-
maid and wait one meal, $25; 2 nurse gin..
$20-$25, and a large number of house girls
at $20 $25 $30, too many to advertise. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
0~WAITRESSES. restaurant. $S and $10 per
week. Call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
. 334 Sutter st.
AT San Francisco Enjoyment Bureau, 17
Fourth ft., phene Grant 26— Girl for house-
work, city, $25; sick nurse, city; salesladies,
fancy department. Oakland. $6 a week; light
housework, city, $20; light chamber work,
city, $10. _<_.
1C0 SALESLADIES
100 SALESLADIES
1C0 SALESLADIES
' « WANTED TO-DAY. '
WANTED TO-DAY. - »
* WANTED TO-DAY. x
' ;
Apply Superintendent's Office. .
The Emporium. 0 to 11 a. m.
i muz .
— J . 11
SEWING 1 MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: SO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS tt CO '9
FACTORIES. 32 % FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED-^A lady to travel for an old estab-
lished house of eolid financial standing; good
salary and expenses weekly; expenses ad-
vanced; pleasant work; nejv line; good refer-
ences and security required. Address box 271,
Sacramento. Cal. . j
WANTED — Young lady who la an experienced
wrapper. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at
"HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between P and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
AN elderly woman to cook and assist with
children: good home: $5 per month. MRS.
G. CLARK. Lortn. Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS salesladies wanted for perma-
nent positions. Call at J. M. LEVEE & CO.,
corner Powell and Geary sts.
WANTED — A young ¦ girl for general house-
work; references; wages $20. 1014 Powell st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 01S Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED store girl for bakery; wages
$6 week. 510 Hayes st. ,
PIANO player for Ewloon. BOO Kearny ft.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 8 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Ml»
M G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The CaJl for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market kt.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S— Phone Grant 185.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Six More Young Carpenters With Too's.
Reno. Nevada Ship To-day Free Fare.
$3 day Board $4 50 week
Broiler, hotel. Seattle $70
(Took. -small country hotel $40 >
Earnest Adams, the cook, please call.
Elevator, boy. $15; h?ll boy. $15 city
C. R HANSEN & CO Employment Office.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
4 NON-UNION cooks, $50 to $100; baker, coun-
try she p. $15 week'and found; cook and wife,
$105 and found; cook, country, $75 and found;
kitchen man and waiter. Jf25 and found;
farmer, $1 day anc board, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st.
For plain hotel. Nevada, second cook. $10;
waiter. $35: dishwasher $30. for city; chef.
$22 a week: broiler. $60; 3 waiters. $10 CO
a we*k;\ .porter, dining-room.- $25. etc.
AT San Fran. Emp. Bureau. 17 Fourth St..
phone Grant 21! — Scandinavian man and
wife for city restaurant. $40 found; plaster-
ers and helpers: registered plumber, city. 17
Fourth st. ; phone Grant 26.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento, Cal.
a"_ ' L L
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st.
WANTED — Young man to sell toys. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'.
WASTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods bundle wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Active, trustworthy man. office
and outside; permanent position: draw $60
month; $200 required. Commercial Exchange.
IS Montgomery st.. room 8. ¦
STEADY, reliable man for office: no expe-
• rlence necessary: gGOd wages; small capital
¦ required. 1007' ; i Market St.. room 1, near
Sixth.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic sho°s, $3 50: best shces on earth. 11
' Third St., Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
PIANO player, dance hall. $.14 week, over .time
SOc an lionr; only first-class player. * A.
RICHMOND, Carters, Tuolumne Co.. Cal.
GENERAL traveling agent. $S5 . per month
r ind expenses. YOWELL. 510 Ninth st., Oak-
land, room 1.
WANTED — Experienced barber with small
capital to take charge of- a shop. Apply 718
Valencia gt.
WANTED — Good barber: married man prefer-
r>-d; good wages to right man. Address box
¦ ro4. Martinez.
BARBER shop, down tow,n: very neatly fitted;
gocd chance for good barber; must sell: can
be bought cheap. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
WANTED — Three experienced grrocery clerks
f.t once. SPROATS Market. 1049 Market.
STRONG boy to learn drug business. ROOT'S
Drug Store. Sixth and Howard sts.
BOY in tlnshop; learn trade; 16 years. 6S3
Mlsrion st. .
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 758* Howard st.
SECOND hand on cakes. B16 Hayes st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber
trade under good teacher. 647 Commercial st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale. JOE
ROYA. Half moon Bay.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale at 3512
Twentieth st., near Mission.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 50c
and 60c while you wait at C63 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sta.. or 11 Third st.?
YOUNG man of good appearance for tailortnst
department; permanent position to right
party; reference required. Apply S. N.
WOOD A CO.. 7tQ Market St.
PALMER HENDRIKSON, formerly of Seattle.
Is eameotly requested to write to his sorrow-
, Ing mother or come home. __.
MUSICIANS to Join . military band.' 328 Bush
St., third floor, room 4.'
FIRST-CLASS eoatmaker to work Inside; good
wages; steady work. 1103 Market st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In 8an
Francisco Bafber School. . 741 A Howard at.
BARBERS — Well-paying 2-chalr shop for sale.
1 y, Polk and Market sta. . ¦-* , ,
BARBER shop: 3 chairs; good location; trans-
-fer point. DECKELMAN BROS.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. Inquire 532^
Third st. '¦ '-" ¦ ¦->
WANTED^ — An all around bookbinder; one who
enn do forwarding and - finishing on full
bounds. Apply SAXBORN, VAIL & CO., 741
¦ Market. st.
WAITED — Laborers and ¦ mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkln. Reno House proprietor, haa
- added ICO new rooms ¦ to the Denver House, ;
- 217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st.; 14 '
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for. whom I have secured pensions.
PKNSIOX atty.. E. A. BulHs. room 40. Phelan
: bldg. Past Com. Geo. H." Thomas Post. G.A.R. i
McDONALD &¦' PERRY have a large stock of
nsw and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
BEr^r WAJtTrn— mat.k — r C!lt! nn " 1 '
A-MURRAfThEADT. CW-oTciay st.
Phone- Main 5S1S.
Leading Emplcyment anj Labrr Agents.
VtOS We Gave 1!H« Well Oiv«
45.0C0 Men Work. 60.CCO Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
• FOREMAN. ORCHARD VINEYARD.
GOOD WAGF..S FOR Al MAN.
LUMBER COMPANY.
12 crosscut sawyers.
Gang erigerir.an. lumber company, north. $C3
and fcund.
Head logger. $75: 2 spielers, city, $2 day.
2 sugar pine lumber graders. $75.
MECHANICAL.
2 carpenters, factory, fare $1 50. $3 50 day.
Carpenter, city jobbing work, S hour*. $:: day.
Machinist, putting In governors, country.
2 boys learn machinist and other trades. $4.
Bey. frnlt store. $fl; German boy, private
family, $15 and found.
LOOK.
Stableman. $C0 and found. Los Anjcles dis-
trict.
Stableman and teamster, ranch, bess here,
j:o and found.
Stableman, city. $30 and found; stableman,
city, $C5.
•» ranch teamsters, etc.. $2f5 to $.10 and fd.
Gardener, city job work. $2 day; driver, gro-
cery.
LOOK.
Asistant marker, laundry, fare $1, $C0.
Ironsr, $C5, south; nurse, $25 and found. In-
stitution. ¦}
LOOK.
S«xton, Catholic Church. $33 and found.
Porter, grocery, country, references. $30 fd.
LOOK.
Baker, bread ar.d cakes, fare $1. $15 week
and found. - ,
Ii&ker. shop, south, fare $."». $45 and found.
Second cake baker, city. $1*5 week.
4 waiters. $25 to $30; cock, fare $1. $50; Ger-
man or Scandinavian cook and wife, hotel,
$50 and found. . *
> COOK AND WIFE.
Man as cook, wife as waitress, city. $40 M.
Clerk, fcat department, $C0; orderly, city hos-
pital.
3 coatmakers. $5 coat.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
Milker, steady year round, east. /
P.ockblnder. $12 week.
I Private family chnr«man $35 and found
DON'T FORGET— $0.
ARIZONA TO-DAY PRESCOTT
Steady Jobs; 2 years. BIG WAGE3.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood: tools found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 air!
• $1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED*— For U. S. Marina Corps. abt«-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on • men-of-
war in a'l parts of the world, on land In our
island pcssc'slons and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of.
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., and
401 K st.. Sacramento, Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
sood a-idrt— . business kttvttitVI MKMBiy,
Royal Mercantile Co., suite 1J>. Columbian bid.
SE\MEN fcr Australia and Europe; al?o green
hanUs for whaling. HERMAN.S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 room*: 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus anJ baggage to and fr^m ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at luCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damage!, half
price. 563 Missicn St.. bet. 1st and 21 sts.
GFT your shoes half soled whil» waiting: CTc
to 50c. 5C! Mission St., bet. 1st anrl -Jrt sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOM,
FOR sale — One of the largest, best located
brick livery stable; long lea.se at moderate
Tent: - doing' large huslnfSR paying nice
monthly profit; Is in gocd shape and attrac-
tive stable proposition; principals only. Ap-
ply SCOTT & MAGNER, Hay Merchants,
«15 Sixth st^
SMALL Kentucky Jack, good driver or saddle,
$«5: fast brood mare. £JO. 7U City Hall ave.
FOR sale — 'Handsome trap. In flrst-class con-
dition: cneap. Apply 10O!> Valencia at.
FOR sale — Second-hand panel top wagons. In-
quire K. NUGENT. IS Tenth st.
FOR sale — Low-set wagon, suitable for car-
penter. 843 Howard st.
FOR rale — Hnr.dsome trap cheap. Addrosa
box 3759. Call office. :
FOR sale — 3 young horses; single cr double.
Apply 1)09 York st.
MUST be sold at sacrifice; 5 good hones.
327 Sixth st. -
Al EXPRESS wagon, light ramping iragoa
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.woritdrtving horses. 15th-Valencla
HOUSES Fl'ItMSHED — FOR SALB.
MUST sell at once, folding-bed, dresser, chtf--
' foniers. leather couch, dining set, carpets.
etc. ISIS Market st.
HOUSES TO* LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Moatgomery.
A— ROUSES and Cats to let; aa tmmens* list:
serrice absolutely rree; take advantage of
this derailment; It will save you time &a<S
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-229 Geary
St.. on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to l»t. BALDWIN * HOWELU 23 Port st.
LOST AXP FOUXD.
LOST— Frcm Llvermore Valley, bay rcare. 750
pounds ft years old. wire cut on right for«
foot. Finder address W. J. NIXON. Tesla,
Cal.
LOST — Last evening about 6 o'clock, a yellow
skin purse with large geld monogram an<t
turquoise setting. Reward at Palace Hotel
office; initials on purse. P. W. W. R.
LOST — Lady's turquoise and diamond pin. Re-
turn, to Bersre's Restaurant, 334 Pine St., re-
ceive reward.
LOST— A black Cocker spaniel dog; answers to
name of Boh. Return to 717 Scott st. an<J re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST— A mink carte at Wellesley Hotel fire.
Finder Dlease return to hotel ; reward.
LOST— Small red calf en water front; reward.
912 Capp st.. or phone Capp 1132.
LOST— Male fox terrier with black and brown
head. Return to 020 Page et.; reward.
IT trill pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
rold and «llTer to make new watch en*^
MEDICAL. A
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 l*>8t »t. ,
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. IQOS^ Market st.. QPP- atn.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femal»
complaints; positively corrected: the un.ortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1C1S Marketjst.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.T3 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics., female complaints: inst. rflle. .
. treatment $10; jiour» : _10_toj>jj».y cara **P* r -
MRS D ALLEN 1 IIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist? a ""private home before and durlnj
confinement; best medloa^ca re . low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2395 Fol.-om st/, corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; 3U>.
rrn «n* Ain=! DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
D crigl^al me S thgVfVeatment. 1128 Market et.
nTj Kn TOT KEE: 319 Powell st.. opposite
D Unlon sge^jil^ases cured by {
MTSCELLA^EOUS-rFOR SALB.
wotV FPS 7ni7nTs7^J!nandmacblnery. McIN'-
& WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont at.
jv.ee YOUR ROOF LEAK?
repair it with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over eld
«£n t"n or ehinglea: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
TOPrFiPTS~for mfng. any commercial article In
croceia tundri** and drug lints; some of most
successful mfrs. use our receipts: prices de-
nend upon recelpt3 wanted. R. T. ROYAL
CO.. MfK-' Chemises. Denver. Colo.
2D-HANI> machinery, boilers, engines, ptunr-w,
liulleys. shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, t-4 .
- rented nnd exehan«e«!: »ee Sunday pap*.!..
H. s. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-ir,2 Beale st.
AUTOMOBILES — White Stanhope. 1903 mod*l;
can carry four; fine condition; basket, etc.; a
bargain; cost $1400; will sell $700. Addresa
"Auto." box olS5. Call office. .
A — Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 30. Oriel.
rial Misnt Clothing Parlors. 2.".H Kearny st.,
sear Bush; cpen to 9 p. ra., Sunday to noon.
nrsixES [s_ cha x c e s^ i
R G. WILKE/ Real Estate and Business .
Agent (established 14 years), 20»i Kearny |
et.. rooms K and 10. j
A— $10(0 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on j
tlit TvuLer front, s:losv to Market si.; oaliy
receipts about .<C5; business clearing >JW> !
per month: trial given; a splendid olier; in- 1
v«\ftlgate at once. See K. U. WILKE, 2tHa
Kearny Et. I
A^-4S3300; HOTKL and barroom with 30 rooms.
in Point Richmond; rent *100: rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and fctand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
compuny: owner never clears Us? than $300
l«r month. Call R. G. WILKE, 20 V* Kear-
ny ?t. ;Y ; .- ' - '
A— $!W0; HALF interest In one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
Bell whole for $34OW. Call R. G. WILKE,
irtSfi Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. close
to S. P. freight sheds; S furnirhed rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. S?e
R. G. WILKE, 20Vi K«*arny et.
A— $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
?tore; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month; living rooms: value in sight.
fall K. G. WILKH, 2«>i Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE salcon and bakery; close to
. Phe'.an building; a good paying business.
but must be sacrificed en account of owner
being sick in hospital. Particulars, R. G.
WILKE, 2G'i Kearny st. ;
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business j
In Monterey County, with f> acres of land. ,
dwelling house, tflaught^r hotse, shop fix- j
turcs. heller, tank, etc.; 8 horse*, wagons
md a well rstabllEh*»d trade; this is a nrst- I
class businerp proposition. All particulars. |
K. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st. j
A- $3500; CORNER :TaloTon. about 1 block south ¦]
of Chronicle b!dg. ; established years and a !
first-class paytfiC place; fullest investigation
solicited; this Is a very rare chance. Call
H. G. WILKE. 26>» Kearny ct.
A— S30G0; GENERAL merchandise more about
Cu miles from this city; a well-established
and first-class paying business; yearly tales
about S15.000; all caFh trade: a very rare
rhance. Particulars, K. G. WILKE, 20*4
Kearny #st. , ¦¦¦¦a l - ¦ '
STRANGERS. ATTENTION! "**
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that pasres through our office must
etand the closest investigation, ar.d we can
place you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTHLY. ,
On Investments of $100 and upward; no * f get-
rich-qvlck" swindle, turf speculation cr gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco: cleared
$«7.000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20.«fJ to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GKRMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A~^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
>cu desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
I ave a large number of desirable applicants
en cur book* seeking gocd business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.. I
Suit 321. Emma Spreckcls building. L
RARE. opportunity to purchase a collection of
books. The attention of trustees of colleges
an.l schools and those who desire to enter
into the book business is called to this.
About 1C.0C0 bound vo!urr*s and 9000 paper-
i-ov«-red books. There are 20O> books in the
French language in fine bindings, calf,
morocco, etc., and beautifully Illustrated.
The owner came into possession through an
inheritance and wants to sell, and In order
to make a sale offers the entire lot at the
pive away price of $2000. For particulars
apply to W. J. GUNN. 530 California 6t. .
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in <*al.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'm'g house or business.Cameron.3 Eddy.
FOR cale — Best little restaurant in city; rent
$45; central; receipts $35 to $40 day: must
leave town: price $1200 CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
A GROCERY and liquor store at invoice; sun-
ny living rooms, with bath; pries $S0O; rent
$20. A. STENBERG & CO.. 78-tVi Market.
I HAVE $2000 cr more to invest with two or
' more parties with equal amount In book-
niaklng at 'Frisco. Address box 3190, Call
office.
A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house: good lo-
cation: lew rent; steady boarders; no agents.
Bex 2603. Call office.
$10CO— PARTNER: can make $10,000 a year.
Particulars i»:;i i.arkin et.
$450— A NEIGHBORHOOD store; sold on ac-
count of sickness and departure; stationery,
candies, etc.; stock ami furniture complete;
lease If desired: a big bargain. Apply, at 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to invest?
Write us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate. 70S Market
Et.. San FraEc'.sco, Cal.
$750 — WHOLESALE fruit and produce busi-
ness; in wholesale district; old established;
. owner wleh«s to retire. Box 3762, Call.
WANTED — To buy small bakery without
wagon route; city or vicinity. Address box
21.07. Call.
FOR gale — Dental practice, established 0 years,
instruments and furnished house cf 7 rooms.
$1000; or dental practice $500. Box 48C2, Call.
NOTIONS, candy, light groceries: cheap rent;
four fine living rooms. 1300 Sanchez st; take
Castro-st.. car. corner of Twenty-sixth st.
FOR eale — A gun and bicycle house; good lo\
cation^and business: good reason for selHng.
For terms apply 823 J st.. Sacramento. Cal.
A FINE location for an oyster parlor. Inquire
at 82 Seventh st.
TO LKT — Chicken ranch; rent $10. Apply 1038
Mission Et.
BROWN & CO.. business brokers, est. 1SS«; ad-
vertising money advanced. 1221 Market st.
$650 — Express business on principal lit., with of-
flce nr. RR. sta.; 3 wagons. Box 3724, Call.
BARBERS — For sale, hydraulic chair, mirror
end work stand; cheap. 2S37 Greenwich St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALIC.
_j^_____ _ years.]
We will yell any house]
MARION on the Installment plan.]
GRIFFIN. Business — is — Booming.]
Call, write or phone us]
for big free list of houses.]
Title abstract furnished free. 1
tR°om 400. "Examiner"- Building.]
Phone Black SOOT. Take elevator to -4th floor.
Corner 8d and' Market sts.. San Francisco. t
TO LET, elegantly furnished 0-room flat.
HERE'S your chance: Big transient house,
heavily mortgaged; must be sold at once; will
clear $500 month If rightly managed.
OVER $300 profit monthly: 53 rooms; nice
corner; clean aa a new pin.
GOLDEN GATE ave.: 20 rooxra: house built
one year ago; mahogany and oak furniture;!
heavy Brussels carpets; income $111. over rent..
ONE floor; 24 rooms, centrally located; rent
$80; bank bonk shows $100 month profit last 12
months; price $1200; an Impending wedding.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished; CO rooms: house
well known throuKhout the State; elevator:
clears $300 month; $CCOO; >£ caeh; 4-year
lease; exact book accounts are kept.
HOUSE of 40 rooms, K blocks of Market:
price $3000; building and furniture 1 year old.
CENTER' of city; 17 large, outside, sunny
rooms; rent $50; monthly Income $154.
XEW, beautiful brick building' of 140 rooms;
electric elevator; electric lights: splendidly ap-
pointed; magnificently furnished In quarter-
sawed oak and bird's-eye maple.
TRANSIENT house of 23 rooms, clearing
$125 month; reduced from $2400 to. $1700; %
down and monthly installments; rent $100.
NEW fcouse gorgeously furnished In velvet
and bird's-eye maple; 37 rooms; 5-year lease;
clears $175 month; for sale on easy terms.
PARTLY furnished 22 rooms, north of Mar-
ket, to exchange for a flat; better come early.
NEAR Hyde et.: 12 rooms, $600; clears $40
month; housekeeping; sunny side of street.
HOTEL — 83 rooms; oak and cherry furni-
ture; big business; big bar trade: solid mahog-
any bar; price $6500; long established house.
I S. F. RENTAL CO., 997 Marktt st. ~~~
* - Phone Folsom 3023.
f> rooms; close In; rent $8.. $B5
7 rooms and bath ....;..... sou
. 4 rooms; one block from Market • 1R5
10 rooms; elegant;, close In I75i>
0 rooms and bath; flne location. ...... 300
LOOK — $120: 5 rooms, furnished; close in;
cheapest rent in city. 937. Market,' nn. 200!
FOR SALE— A "BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
*; SIZE: ELF^ANTLY' FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION • BESTf'. IN. , THE , CITY; LEASE-
1 OWNER LEAVING - TOWN. BOX 2S5C.
'. 'CALL OFFICE. . ¦' . . -.;¦'
A— $3000: 1 PRIVATE boarding-house, with ¦ 40
r; '.elegantly furnished. rooms.' on Van. Nets ave. ;
rcorr.s always occupied and flrst-ciass patrco-
age. Be* R. G. WILKE, 20 & Kearny «u
I -l^^SJ-^ „ If OITSipS FO Jl J^AJ^jg^CotK
1 C. E. HINKLEY. C. E. HINKLEY.
Phone Mint 7a6.
1C20 Market St.. opp *ifth st. I
Our Guarantee. Satisiaction to All.
Former Patrons My Best References.
Sl'NNY corner. 21 rooms; clears $73; half block
1 from Market ht.: speculation at $«00.
j HINKLEY. 1C V -O MARKET ST.
SNAP— Hl-room modern flat; rent $10; a prixe
at *45O.
HINKLEY. 1C20 MARKET ST.
PROFITABLE rooming-house- 22 rooms; 3
years' l*ase; clears $?»7 r>0; gentlemen room-
ers; locked door; present owner conducted
house !> vears: a good investment.
HINKLEY. lOgO MARKET ST.
SPECIAL— S5 r"coms: f 10CO cash, balance 1 per
cent: newly furnished: price $5000; this Is a
grand opportunity to secure a good paying
rft HINKLKY.' l<r_>0 MARKET ST.
EXQUISITE furniEhines; 50 rooms; new mod-
ern apartment-house; grand entrance; lease;
clears S2tK>- liberal terms; a little cem; see
KINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
SPECULATION — 12 rooms. Golden Gate ave.;
mXKLEY. icdo MARKET ST.
MODERN — 120 rooms; rent less than $5 a
room; up to date In every respect: finely fur-
nl<*ed- books open; clears *3.>0 to $100
monthly: price ?fi00O: part cash, balance easy.
HINKLKY. 1020 MARKET ST.
SUNNY ocrncr; 18 rooms; newly renovated;
clears *1C0; spe this.
j HINKLKY. 10^0 MARKET ST.
I WORKING MEN" 8 hous^: 20 rooms; one floor;
1 electric lights; rent ?10; amazingly low pries;
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
! A~~CA MEROn" & COT Thone 1050.
* 3 Ed-ly st.. cor. Market and Powell.
! Headquarters for roomins-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r.: near Market: lease; *C00 down. .$2230
«0 r.; rent 5300; Market: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r -Van Ness: reiit $22 50; home 225
*>0 r •• n«vr inoil.. elegantly furnished.. S.'iOO
1 11 r •' rent'$CO: new; fine fur.; clears $17 850
H r • Ellis- rent $35: fine home; enap... 550
C«! r • cheap rent: cloars $300 to $400.. 8500
X0 r'-' rent ?05; good fur.: clears $100.. 2000
12 r' ; rent $40: close in: well furnished.. 600
8 r • up. flat: everything mod.; departure 7M>
3 r ' rent $20; cor. flat: Leav.: snap 225
¦>0 r • new hmise; furniture: clears $S0. 2500
5 r : rents $. r >0: modern: llnely furnished 500
22 r. ; rent $50; lease; clears $100 1700
11 r. ;' Eddy; rer.t $50;well fur. ;clears $38 750
34 r.' fine: downtown: makes big money 3200
8 r.: Vent $42: modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
14 r.; rent $75; oak fur.: good carpets.. 900
12 r. ; close In: well furnished; bargain. 1100
17 r. ; downtown: always full: clears $115 1C00
8 r; close in; golden cak: moquet car-
h«ir mattresses; cost $1500; In-
come $<58: snap 900
7 r. : rent $4": middle flat; oak fur 350
21 r. : re:it $SS;welJ fur. ;lcase;clears $100 1700
14 r.; cheap rent; good fur.; snap "900
Jl r. ; rent $40; n<*wly renov.: clear $43. 500
17 r. ; central: Post; part cash 1100
44 r.: rent. $44: big money-maker 3000
25 r. ; rent $70; oak fur.; leaving city... 1350
50 r. ; new, mod. building: elegantly fur.;
central; Ions lease; must be sold; offer
wanted
10 r. ; mod. flat; c-legant fur.; clears $54;
cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave
city
9 r. ; flat; rent $40; mod.; clears $45;
departure -. .; 450
FOR Falej— Modern 8-room flat; central; two
moiflbs furnished: $300 down, balance $25
per month; obliged to leave city; snap.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy tt.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott 8S7.
A— ETHEL CRKHiLE— Materializing seance
Wednesday eve., .">Cc. 328 Ellis ot.. 8 o'clock.
Seer Egyptian. Hindoo occult; reads dally; clr-
clea Wed.,Frl..Sun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. »»:¦ Ellis st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
A-PAUL DESTINE! "~~~ £
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
- Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge. , No Charge
Unleea you obtain the information for whlph
you consult me. ,
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; In
fact. I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
eeparated. restore lest affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store lost energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sun. 2-0.
320 O'Farrell st.; low fee thU week— $1. $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business trouble-, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable ndvlce in all af-
fairs of life; 25c. up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Blck 4569.
A L1VORNO.
The World-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer.
84 Kearny fit., over Hammersmith & Field's;
see portrait of Mme. Livbrno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mall, $1. Send month
and year of birth.
TOc .T~. 10c .10c
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSY QUEENS.
The only real fortune tellers; your past,
present and future an open book; and they
tell it truly; no fairy tales, no faking; come
and see them.
265 Geary Et.. near Powell.
10c 10c 10c
ISMAIL the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located at 110* Market
ct., cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to & p. in. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 quest'ons answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned frcm long ab-
sence. 40fl Geary, n^ar' Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clalr-
voyant. card reader! when others fall try mr;
good reading )0c. 721 Franklin, nr. O. O. av&
A^-Mme. Revenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. S 4th at., near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, .card reader re^
moved from 132 Oth to 23% Cth; la. 25c, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist arid card reader In city.
2CH Kearny. room 'JO; ladles, 25c, gents 50c.
MIS5S ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 50c, G.$l. 714 FTanklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MISS WARD, removed to 110 Larkln, room 18.
gives names, dates and facts. Hours 11 to 0 pin.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, carh reader: slt-
tlr.ru dally. 44R14 .TesM- st.. bet. Bth and 6th.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAXIXO.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now unlver-
. eally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO., Call bid. ; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become dif gusted with jour work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-blat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard: tel.' South 210.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning. Work*. 1S09 Har-
-rleon st.; Al cleaning; 3^ tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning ok, 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
3.T3 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
, BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. B586.
gbucdit clothiers. '
c7"fTXdams~c"6! ~ '- ~ ~" ???.,
•-;.- -special credit store. ...
We clothe the .whole' family from hats to
ehoes; everything up to date at cash prices '
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. ; . .
BUY . your suits and overcoats .' at" LICHTEN-
BTEIN BROS., 25 Stockton gt.; , on small
weekly payments; goods delivered on first
payment: .... .
' '.'";- CURES ' KT7PTTJHE. i
WHO' DOES IT? HUNTER; 1206, Market st.
Send forjcircular. Why will. you suffer ?;¦.¦';
PETEOxA viiB. jj /! . ¦_• . [
WESTERN DETECTIVE AGENCTXttendT*to
a;i legitimate detective work, civil andcriml-'
nal. shadowing, investigations, private inform-
ation; reasonable; correspondence
•strictly confidential. "Parrott bldg.; room 405.
THE^CALL
SOUS D. SPBCCgZItS. Proprietor.
mm tcEusmateas 10 ]QHK MclAPEBT. Kaacr
W. J. MARTIN Business llanascr.
TELEPHONE.
A*-k for THE CALL. The Or^erator Will .Con-
nect You With the Df-partment You Wisn.
Publication Office Market ar.d Third. P. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 'Zl\ Stevenson st.
Dr:iv*-r*d by Carrier*. 2<> Cls. Per Wf*k, 75
Ot.'. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Includlnr Postage (Cash With
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sundn-V 1 year. .$".00
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday*. 0 mos.. 4.W
DAILY CAU By Pir.elf Month <-_>c
(SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2..-0
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year M»
t Dsilv $* SO P*r Year Extra
SSE3S2. I ™ay.-.% . IS Per Year Extra
POS- A(.E. j X \v*kly.. 1.00 Per lear Kxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail Fubyrribers In c.nJerins cr-ar.ee of ad-
dr*** fhouid be particular to stive both NEW
AND OLD ADI/RESS in order to ir.*ure a
prompt and correct come!'.a.nce with tn«lr re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1115 BroaJway Telephonfi,Maln 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
2148 Center Street Telephone North « .
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 140tt G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: *
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. ol
Union Square: M-Jrray HiJI Hotel; Firth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont Houre; Auditorium |
Hotel ; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESP.-.Marquette Build e
(Long Dl^ence Telephone. -Central 261D. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT :
C.' C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFTICK of th» San Francisco |
call oorr.er Market nnd Third streets: open !
•.:nti! 1° o'clock ev*ry nlrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
F27 MnntRomtry street, corner Clay; open un-
til «:30 r- ">• „ „ _
.-?f)0 Hayes street: cpen until » p. rn.
€.-{» McAllister Ftreet: cpen until 8:30 jv m.
«15 larkln ftwi; open until l>:30 p. m.
open |
until ft p. m. „..
im Eleventh strwt: open unt. !» p. m.
Kentucky Streeta: ope* urtll i) p. ra.
C2C0 Fil'.more street : cr^n until '•' p. rn. .
MEETING yOTICE?.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. I. F. and A - «^
M-Thp offers and meir,!*rs of .l h 5XX
above-named lodKe are herrby notified /V\
to attend "the funfral of our late
brV'hcr FERDINAND SMITH, at 2»» Hew- j
«M Ft THIS DAY (WE0KKSDATI, Deft
?™ at 10 o'clock a. m. Master MMonn and j
-rionds of the deceased are Invited. Bi or- (
qfr of the RA m N^ r r. y h
,-«!lrd rn4in C THIS .WEDNES- AA
DAYI EVENING, at S orlock. »th
f> B Tv»- All brethren of the rite cordially
invited r.V order nt the venerable master.
CHAPXES JELLINEK. Secretary.
TKRBA BCEKA Lodce No. 15. I.
O O. F. — Officers and rc f mbPrs SSJJSSRMfc
f,r»- hereby nottfied t» assemble "^SSS£^
at Odd Fellows' Omr-tery --awfe*.
THURSDAY. Dec. 17. \WA, at 1 :30 p. m.,
to attend the funeral f<f our lat« brother,
PAUL BROWN. FRANK KRILL. N. «.
CHAS. S. WISEWELL, R*c. Sec. ,
LTiDGE Franco-Americaine No. .^SJgv,
207. I O. O. F. — Members ar* -S^T^^^i
requested to attend o«r rn-\t -^t23fij&£?
• egular mrfting THURSDAY. ¦^WKR*"
D*c-«*rr.ber 17. Initiation. Visitors are wel-
come. J. B. OROGNKN. N. G.
L. L. REMY. Secretary.
NATIONAL Union. Califor- tygfygWl"^*^.
r.ia Council, meets TO- '-tK
NIGHT at' Pioceer Hall, ""^Cfcfc
Fourth et., at 8 o'clock. •
: Visiting friends cordially Invited: initiation.
By order. E. A. M GILBETIT. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. i**cretary.
MEMBERS of Excrlsior Lodge No. 126. s^tf,
A O. U. W., are hereby notified toc^^c
attenu the funeral of our late brother, H&fe;
FERDINAND SMITH, from his late «->3»>
residence. 2T.C9 Howard «., THIS (WED-
NESDAY) MORNING at 10 o'clock.
HOWARD MORRISON. M. W.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN L. and fl
B. Society — Officrrs and m«"m- lX]Q?
\,>-ru : You ar« hereby notified to tvjSSLsi
:r.c THIS (WEDNESDAY) SStfHS i
EVENING. Doc. l«. at T :.:<> KSiH-'S
o'clock sh^ri.. ;-i U(:< Market st. Sw»y
Election <: officers will Take NjJsfsr
plar«; for the term of the ensulnr
>ear and very lrnpnrtant business to be
transacted. By order of.
J. E. KUKAVIZA. President
M. G. STANISICH. Secretary^
AUSTRIAN Ben«>vo!fnt Society — R"ru-» -js"^.^
lar meeting WEDNESDAY KVF.X-Mr^ir^
ING. December 10. l'.tO.!. at 7:30^'pW
rharp. Appropriations and dora.- *<»*'
tions, election of ofucers for the ensuing year
a::(l other very important business. The
question of consolidation will be finally set-
• tli.-d tt this rewtir.g an<l Knrj member is re-
quested to be pr^fwf-nt. Fin^s for non-attend-
fciji-f w!'.( b« fctrictly Imposed. By order of
AUG. MIKULICH. President.
BE \TITT W. TOLL. Recording Secretary.
THE nr.nual meetinK of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. will be held at Its banking
hcu*e. 301 Montgomery street. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on Tuesday. January 12. 1904.
at 3:Ij p. m., for the election of directors
10 eerve during: the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting 1 .
GEORGE GRANT. Sec.
Ran Francisco. Ijec. 12, 1003.
ACEXTS WAKTED.
ACCIDENT INSURANCE" ~~~ ~
Wanted — Solicitors; monthly salary to expe-
rienced men or women who can guarantee
th* b«*t and nut desirable business. Box
r:if>c. pail.
ATTORXE V S-AT-LAW. ~~
W XL BITTN'ER, " '
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 74S.
Suite £22. Emma £preck#ls building
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
«lCht causes: damages secured for Injuries to
p*r«m or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and sarnlsh-
Tr.trAf for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proe«*tf lr.pt; wills probated; estates settled-
collections made In all parts of the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a tmall fee.
Ett me and nave money; no pay In advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. : rai. 1. 2, 3 4 & 3 l«t fl.
1122 Market st.. between Mason aad Tayior
Advice Ire*, all matters. Detectives employed!
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg
€tb floor, entrance room 611; established 20
year*: all cases; general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in m*rttori-
«u« cases, divorces, probate and all other law
r *«e«: no fe»s In advance; open every eren-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTOX. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE. ' ~
Celurcblan I^iw and Collection Agency,
Room «3. 816 Market rt.; tel. John C220.
DIVORCE cc»t* 112; open evenings: tenants
t?*ct+i. <S. C16 Market. r.62;phone Black 681.
DIVORCE — Co«t«. $12; quick, quiet: adrice
frt*: open evenings. 927 Market «t., r. 301.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free: no .fees l.i advance. ¦
ADVICE free; no charge unWs successful- all
!sw huylnem. W. XV Davidson. 1)27 Market.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC ~~
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; al.'
kinds of eonr and fancy fcirde; goldfish se«<i
cages, etc. Give us a trial; w» will pleaa*
you. 1546 Market st. . f . .
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — To care for a child by a com-
petent woman: ha* own home, 1714 I «u.
bet. XSth and 19th aves.. Sunset : district.
LADY winhee one or two chlldrfk; to board;
good b-.me. 219 JJ Tehama st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
VALET — A neat younz man desires position
either as valet or butler; la of good and
cheerful disposition, does not use liquors or
tobacco; has traveled extensively with In-
valid gentleman; can procure Al references.
OSCAR A. GARDELL, 1410 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED, well-educated man (double
entry, stenograph) 1 , typewriting, foreign lan-
guages, ftc.) desires practical experience in
a mercantile office. Address box 3180, Call.
A YOUNG man wants position as engineer;
first-class references; experienced with large
plants. Box 31S2. Call office.
A HANDY man would like a situation around
a private residence; used to care of horses;
city or country; more for a home than, wages.
P. B.. 68 Hermann Kt.
ACCOUNTANT would keep books for small
concern during leisure hours. Address box
4657. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man would like position of
any kind about electric 'power station;
country or citv. Box 37G3, Call.
A RELIABLE, bendy man of 34^ good habits
wants office or other Indoor work; wages
$1 SO. Eox 2171. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work at once as man
about place, butler or valet; Al reference.
Box 37U4. Call. I
WANTED — By reliable man of 40, position as
night watchman: tcood references. Address
box 4 375. Call office.
MARRIED man wants position as foreman on
stock ranch. Box 4S02. Call office.
MILLWRIGHT wishes position en stamp mill.
Address W. W.. r>OS Bryant St., S. F.
A MAN (30), from East Canada, wishes to
work on a small ranch or arcund a place.
Box 4So4, Call.
A CAPABLE man wishes to work in liquwr
store, either tend bar or deliver. A. D., 203
Ellis st.
YOUNG man, good worker, wishes place \ in
gentleman's' stable: can milk: wages no ob-
ject; references. Box 4S61. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind: not
afraid of work. Address W. S. R., 283 7th st.
WANTED — Position as night clerk by eober.
reliable man. Box 31S4, Call office.
ELDERLY man wishes position as bartender;
good references; German. Box 4S07, Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy in city or country: high school student.
H. ilOTO. Japanese Mission. 807 Polk st.
A JAPANESE high school boy wishes a situa-
tion in a small family; can plain cook. M.
NONAKA. S07 Polk St.. Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE with recommendations wishes po-
sition of any style; good cook: city or coun-
- try; private family. Box. 4S52, Call office.
GOOD Chinese cook wants position In private
family. CHUNG WING, 002 Clay st.
A JAPANESE, first-class cook wants position;
best references. 374 Sutter St., room fi.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S GLASSES are far su-
perior to all others for reading, jvorklnc or
distance, weak eye?, poor sight, headache,
dizziness, nervousness, cloudiness of vision,
floating spots, sain in or about the eyes, be-
hind the head or In the temple*, sore or In-
flamed eyes or eyelids, watery. Itching, smart-
ing, twitching, scratching eyes, cross eyes,
gluey, crusty or heavy eyelids and many
other eye troubles. Mayerle's glasses are
used by the highest United States army, navy
and Government officials and mos-t eminent
clergymen, educators, doctors, lawyers and
men who appreciate the soothing and strength-
ening effect of these glasses. GEORGE
MAYERLE'S EYEGLASSES make an ex-
cellent Xmas islft: sent by express; can be
tried before paying charges; German eye-
water. SOc. by mall Wic. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN, 1071
Mnrkst st. '^
.PACIAL MASSAGE. I
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON. manl-
. curing parjors, 704 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
FINANCIAL. ¦
A— . 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $ICO and upward; no Vget-
rich-qulck" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
% business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
;<J7.0C0 last year on $100, 000" capital; stock
increased $2o,C0O to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars. • ¦
GERMANIA IN VEST. CO.. 027 Market at. '
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. B1TTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent, 322 Emma Spreckels • bldg.
FLATS TO LET. ~ -
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list;
cervlce absolutely free; :ak» advantage of
this department: It will save you time and'
-trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
' tt.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses art
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want.' STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1038 Market St.; service* abso-
lutely free.
UPPER flat of 4 rooms and bath; sunny; mod-
ern-conveniences. CT Dehon St.. between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth, near Sanchez.
FLAT— 032 Eddy; 0 rooms; all modern . Im-
provements.
FLAT. 3 room* and large basement. 140 Rose
"v avenue, near Octavla st.
Upper flat, 5 rooms and bath. 343 Hickory
ave.. between Octavla and Laguna. -
FURNITURE FOR , SALE.
$30— FURNITURE i for sale; 3 -room flat; rent
, $9; Mission cars -pass door; call day time
31Sltt Mission art. . - ¦ . - '
.; FURNITURE WASTED,
A— Highest price paid for fur., carpets etc Mrs
T. B. Selby, Equitable Fur. Co!7 8J2 Larkln:
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdre L H
BURP. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt.;tel.Howard 275e! |
-A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4162
buys, rente, repair*, packs furniture, carpets'.
(3^HELP WANTED — FEMALE. ~~
A— WANTED— Girls to i ea/ n halrdreasln*.
manicuring. \ etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; .1 po-
sitions to flll immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; -leading school In
West. 233, Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for sprlns flea-
. eon; both seasons taught from start to finish
-" In 1 month - for $10; positions as, trimmers.*
' ; salesladies, etc.; guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
.day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES : to learn all ¦ branches hairdresslng
i; trade: r manicuring. ' massage. : etc. V-1238 Mar-'
¦ ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
-.at •highest, wages; day. and eve.- class; call. ..
NEAT, •' respcctablo girl ; ' housework and cook-
I in;;; small family; good wages. 37S Sanchez.The Society of California Plone-ra (nwr.ers)
with Henry Jaeks (contractor), architects Shea
4. shea — Alterations on second floor of Pioneer
building, on SW corner of Pioneer placo and
Fourth street: $»S0.
Anna Emma. Jennie and Helen MeElmy
(owr.ers> with. WlUtam T. Wilson Company
(contractors), architect 'Alber Farr— Plumbing,
etc . for a three-story frame building on SE
line of Minna street. 146:9 SW of Tenth, SW
SO by SE SO; »R40O.
Edward V. Pasquale (owner) with F"red Mil
ler (contractor), architect T. Patemon Ro*.« —
AU work except plumbing and gns fitting for a
two-story, basement and attl<* fram<» bunding
on NE line of Buena Vista avenue and S of
Waller street. E 155. S 35. W 129:2*3. NW
44:1: $34C0. •¦ ¦¦ ¦ ;•"*•¦
Same owner with Sch/inz A Grundy (con
tractor), architect same — Plumbing and gas fit
ting for same on same: $116."».
T H- Mead (owner) with Alfred- Legault
(contractor), architect J. *"'. Dunn — All wcrk
except plumbing and gas fixtures for a three
story and basement frame building (Rats> on
NE corner of Hayes and Lyon. streets, 37: (I by
87:6 on Lyon; $84CO. . ...
L W. Storror (owner) with William P. TVxM
(contractor), architects William P. Todd Sk
Co. — AU work for a two-story and basement
frame building on S line of Clay atreat. ~
JC030.
John H. Brown Sr. to Carl Schmidt, lot on E
line of Howard street, 14O S of Fourteenth, 3
30 by E 125; $10.
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothln to Ull.'se
Groaslm and Edwordo Ciocco, lot on SW corner
of Mason and Filbert streets, W 41 by S 4'j;
$10.
G. T. and Annie Knopf to Gulseppe Manl
scalco. lot on SW line of Montgomery av.enu»,
48 NW of Leaven worth street. NW 25. SW
00:6, SE 20:3. NE 40; $K>.
Catue M. Robinson to August Mainger. Nich
olas Kremer and Frank J. Carroll, lot On NW
line of Jessie street. 223 SW of First SW IS
by -NW C2; $1CO.
Josephlna de Gr#ayer to Stephen Flahavan.
lot on NW line of Tehama street, 20O NE of
Second, NW 25 by NE 80; $10.
• Henry J. Crocker and as trustee of tfte Po
, trero Nuevo Land Company to Oett»f and Au
gusta Sharp, lot on W lino of Kansas street.
197 S of Nineteenth. 8 25 by W 100; .$050.
George E. and Enunellne- L. Bates to Josiah
A. Simpson, lot on E line of Michigan street,
2C0 S of Colusa, S 75 by E 100; $10.
William J. Gunn and George T Marye Jr.
to Mary A. Gardiner, lot on W line of Tenth
avenue, 209:9 N of Clement street. N 31:9 by
W 120, quitclaim deed; $1.
William H. Jr. and Adelaide E. Goddard to
Mariett Johnson, lot on W line of Tenth ave
nue, 2C9:» N of Clement street, N 34:9 by W
12C; $10. •
. -Mary A. Gardiner to William H. Goddard
Jr. lot en E line of Eleventh avenue, 200 N of
Clement. N 25 by E 120; $10.
John and Isabella Forsyth to George Stolte,
lot on W line of Third avenue. 275 N of Point
Lobos avenue. N 25 by TV 120; $10.
Thomas and Catherine Fanning to Oscar
Heyman. lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue.
"120:9 E of Sixteenth avenue. E ¦*:.'>. N 10O. n
10. N 150, W 30:1, S to beginning, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Ellen Vogelsang to Mary A. C. and Charles
McFeely, undivided half of lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue, 273 S of Clement street, S 25
by<E 120; $10.
•Solomon and Dora Get* to Kate A. Motz. lot
on E line of Ninth avenue, 225 N of I street, X
, 25, by E 12O; $10.
Albert Meyer to Maurice Rosenthal. lot on B
line of Sixth avenue, S3 JJ of I street, N 75 by
E 05; $10.
Sophie Nager to Frederick J. Good, lot on 3
line of V street. 107:6 B of Fourteenth avenue.
E 75 by S 100; $10.
Elizabeth Allstead to Iona Boyer (wife of
James H.). lot on N line of East park. 291:10^
E of Park avenue. E 27:6 by N 100. block 0.
Holly Park; $15rt.
Michael McDevltt to Gabrlella McDavltt. lot
on SW line of Sickles avenue. 147 SE of Wyom
ing streot. SE CO by SW 160. lots 1 and 2. block
». We*t End map 2; also lot IS. block 6. Syndicato
First Addition to San Francisco; also lot oa >f
line of Crescent street. 175 W'of South avenun.
W 75 by N 100, lots 3* to 36. block 5, Holly
Park. Richland. 125 VT of South avenue, W!
25. N 125:6. SE to point 111:5 N of Rlchland.
S 111:5 lot 35. block 4. Hotly Park; also lots
83* and 939. rift map 3: gift.
Estate of Henry J- and Edward IT. Schae
f>r (minors) by guardian, to Charles A.
Johnson lot on E line of N street. 50 S of
Ninth avenue S 50 by E 100. lot 44. block
lea Ontral Park Homestead; also property
outside of county: $325.*
Robert J. and Victor I*. Schaefer to sara*,
Weithy and William 8. Stafford. Sadie- a.
Stafford (now Brunn»r> and Amelia S. Fos
ter to City and County of San Francisco, lot
on N line of Minerva street. 15O W ot
Plymouth W CO by N 125. block 8. Railroad
Homestead No. 2; $530.
O. A Tveltmoe to Ingsborr Tveltmo*. Toft
on SB tine of Prospect street. 15O SJV of E3
meralda. SW 25 by SB 70. lot TW.gin. map
'Homer S. anil Mittle B. King tr> E M an*
Laura James, lots 33 and 33, block 23. Lake
vlew' $10 * '
Noah F' Flood to Jacknon L. Shrader. lot
on ,W line of Second avenue and N
street SW 2C0 by NW 133:4.. block 43. Butch
ers Tract- also lot on 8 Un» of J street and
Second avenue. SE 100 b* SW 200. block 4^.
same: also lot. on S line of First ave
nue and .T street. SE 100 by SW 200. block
2S. same; $10. ' •-' . ¦
Jackson L. Shrader to H«ry Moffat. lot en
S line of First avenu-e and J street. SW 20O by
SE 100 block 2S. Butchers Tract: also lot on S
line of Seccnd avenue and J street. SW 20O by
SE ICO. block 43. same: $10.
Helena F. and J B. Bleafcmore. to Ann"*
Poole lot on SW* iine of Mateo street. 73
SB of I-aldley. SE 25 by SW 112. lot 3«.
block 6. Fatrmount: $10.
S. r Ducas Company (a corporation* to Mu
tual Trust Company, lot 1785, gift may 3:
Hugo K Asher to Blanch* Ryfogel (wife
Of H A.> 'lot « block 5. Flint Tract: $HV
Harry O and Agnes A. Dalbr to - Building
Construction Company, lot on SE corner of
Llvingnton street and San Jose avenu*. S 20
by eV.:.1 N 20:7%. W .SS:SU. lot 15. Kings
ton map 2. Preclta Valley (quitclaim deed);
$10.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry G. Colby to MorrU Brinn and Phllln
Fiatow, lot on N line of Post street, 137:8 W of
Franklin. W C5 by N 137 :«: $10.
Pierre Berges (by James Gllleran. Superin
tendent of Streets) to W. B. Waldron. lot on 9
line of Post street, 110 W of Gough, \V 27:6 by
B 137:6; |4.
John D. Robertson to Harriet D. Brown (w!f«
of J. Dalzell) lot on S line of Washington
street, T0:10 E of Buchanan, E 33:4 by 3 100;
$10.
J. Dalzell Brown to same, same: gift. *
Charles Alpers and J. G. W. tichulte (trustee*
Germanla Savings and Building Union) to An
ton H. G. and Henrietta Stohlmann. lot on SVV
corner of Fillmore street and G«rmania avenue,
S 48 by W 81:3, quitclaim deed; $5.
Anton 11. G. and Henrietta Stohlmann to
Mary C. Schaefer. same; $10.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1903.
15
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY ItK AL ESTATE.
$1500—1 ACRE. 1>,4 blocks from station, 2 blocks
' from electric cars.
$3700 — A snap; must be sold at once; two-
*" ' Ftory, (J-room house. 1 year old; lot 42x120;
street work all dene; new furniture com-
plete throughout; 1 block from | electric
cars and 3 blocks from Lorin station; $1200
cash, balance $30 per month; 1027 Fair-
view st. .
L. J. MORAN & CO
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley Station.
$2300— NEARLY new 4-room cottage, bath, all
.large rooms; lot 50x135: fruit trees and beau-
tiful, flower garden; all furnished, including
new piano, carpets. 'curtains.' beds, bedding,
pictures and dishe*: only half block to train;
must be sold at once on account of departure.
XV. C. MORAN, Lorin station, or C. C. EMS-
LIE, Ashby station. *^
BARGAIN- 5 rooms, bath, pantry, city water,
nice mantel, folding doors, brick fcundatlon,
high basement, all fenced and cnibs-fenced,:
. chicken houses, stable, etc.; fruit, trees, flow-
er gnrdenrlot 50x105; price $2250. terms $180
cash, balance $1S per month ;^2 blocks to sta.
-tion and street cars; open Sundays. O. A."
RUDOLPH. Lcrln 8tatlon. _
$850— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; fruit trees, chicken-
house; lot 45x125: 3 blocks to both ferry lines.
1 block to electric ears, store, school and
church; terms, $75 cash, balance same as
rent $12 50 per month. Open Sundays. O.
A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, Ui8 BBOADWAY.
OAKIXVP KOOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND MOTELS. ~
055^ Washington and 610 Ninth sts., Oak-
land; furnished rooms en eulte or single, with
or without boanJ; special rates to families.
MONTANA Hous<\ 320^ Eighth st.: sunny
suites and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND FUUMTUHE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for. bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. Uth st..cor.store,Oakland.
FOIN'T RICIIMOXD RBAli ..ESTATE. '
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 828 Bush St., third
floor, room 4. '
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOWARD Ssi— Fine sunny well-furnlehed
suite; all conveniences; $14; adults.
KEARNY 104 — Sunny front suite and kitchen,
$20; range; bath; adults.
KNICKEHBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine
st.. near Hyde: apartments all taken; call
and leave orders for reserves. >
NINTH 157 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
nicely' furnished; reasonable.
POLK 612— $14; bedroom and kitehen; gas
stove; hot baths; no children.
POLK. '11)20, near Geary— Neatly furnished
- front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SUMNER, 22—2 eunny front rooms, unfur-
nished. ¦
APAKTMSITT HOPBEB. .
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS,
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor sts.: beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites:
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
" THE GABLES. ' ~ ~
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson *t.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view; now open; references.
HADDON HALL,
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ItOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and tin torn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom ats. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; flrst-ctass grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 f>tr night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH; 320 Mason St., bet. Geary and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun In rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, HfO. Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nlehed rooms, 'suite, single; aim unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 201 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly'
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 721, nr. G. G. ave. — Front room;
sunny; all conveniences; suitable for 2; reas.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 60c
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; readlng-roorhv-
HAIGHT, 228— Suite eunny rooms.- also 1 or 2
other rooms; rent $6 each; gas, bath.
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
¦ ny single room.
LARCHMONT. 301 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
trlc lights; elevator; centrally located; tran-
sient.
LARKIN, 810B— Small, light room, large hall,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable..
NINTH. 119 (Glllespie)— Nicely furnished rooms
$1 50 to ?2 50 per week; 50c to 75c per night.
O'FARRELL. 739 — Handsomely furnished,
large, sunny room; phone, bath; private fami-
ly; references.
POWELL. 317 — Bunny front suit* for doctor or
dentist; also- other furnished . rooms.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Jncandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 00; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator cm ground
floor, rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 236 — The Crane— Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
UNITED~STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. o5c to ?1 night, $1 75 to $C week; elec-
tric HghtB (no gas), running water Jn every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d sL. near Market—
Most convfjilent" and respectable: 700 rooms;
Me to $1 50 night; ?2 to $S week;- elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus ; bajTBagfv
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office, 2200 Fillmore,
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established 'at 1090
Vnlencla st. ' • ' ' ' ¦¦ .•
nOO3IS AM) BOARD.
A^ N nHOT^L^BALTIMORET"
VAN NESS AVE., NEAR. GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PHIVATE EXCHANGE 708."
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
. SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH. '
MUNGER & ZEBERQ, PROPRIETORS.
A HOTEL HATTON — •
S. E. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR-
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated In the city's *wellest quarter and wilt
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest convent meets: wilt < bo ready
for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
be made, on premises daily.. , .
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS. - ¦ - ¦ ,
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market St.— A
ctrlctly flrtt-claes family and. tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. ! American p!»n.\
A THE DRESDEN V.
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON.BKT. BRODERICK AND DAKEB.
CALIFORNIA. 1240 — Most select location in
modern, elegantly , furnished private. • home;
table unsurpassed; marine view. . < s
FAMILY boarding-house, 1070 Valencia: flr«t-
cla.«s board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate. ' . • ¦¦ • -
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has cnanged 1 hands; hereafter conducted
flrst-claiig family hotel:- tahla board specialty.
A THE NIARA. 015 TAYLOR ST.-
SUNNY FRONT SUITES WITH BOARD.
Stevenson > mansion, 807- California— Fine rms;
hew chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRBLL. 30S — Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family: $6 per week.'' :.
llUU.U* .A.M»,.«l»AKU WA.STttu:
WOMAN oi refinement, in. return: for fine board
•and nice room, gives her; services In teaching
piano and singing.* and for some remubera-
'ttan wouMinot mind a little light work.'- Box
'3173. Call office. ' .'¦ • ¦. ;¦.-' » : „; \ •,-¦•• . , .
GOOD ¦ country -. board, with conveniences, , not
'-. more than '2 hours from city, for a lady con-
' valescent. ; Address fi22 Golden Gate ave. y-
beloved husband of Meta Puckhaber, and be-
loved father of Charles R. Puckiiabsr. Mrs.
G. XV. I. Stone. Mrs. E. L. Dunshee. Mrs. O.
Westphal and Mary. Matilda and Alic»
Puckhaber. * native of Hanover." Germany.
age-1 72 y«ars> A' member of South San
Francisco Lodre No. 43, K. of P. (N>w
York and New Orleans papers please copy.>
CTFrlerds and acquaintances ar» respect-
¦ fully tnvited to attend the funeral to-Uay
OYedr.esday). at 2 o'clock, from his lata
residence. 1S0I Fifteenth "avenue south, cor-
ner P street south. Interment Mount Qlivet
Cemetery.
SCHWARTZ— In this city. Decemb-r 15. lOOif.
Henry Schwart2. brother of T. Goldstein of
Visalla, Mrs. Dora Friedman of I'ew York
and Mrs. Nadler cf New Haven, Conn., a
native of Germany, ag'd 7!) years. A mem-
hrr of the Mexican Veteran*.
t~i~ Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Peterjen. 223 McAllister street.
SMITH— In this city. December 15, 1903. Ed-
ward L. Smith, beloved husband of Ella M.
Smith, and father. of Helen, Montgomery and
Edward Smith, a native of California, aged
43 vears 5 months and 6 days. A memner
of Merced LodKe No. 74. A. O. U. W., and
Merced Camp. Woodmen of the World. !
C7Ncticc of funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In this city, December 14. 1003. Fer-
dinand, beloved husband of the late Helen
C. Smith, and devoted father of Mrs. Gracai
W. Rockwy, Mrs. Charles A. Smith. Mrs.
Walter A. Smith and the late Charles F. XV.
Smith, a native of Germany, aged 71 year*
1 month and 22 days. A member of Cal!»
* fcrnla Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M.. and Ex-
celsior Lodge No. 12R. A. O. U. W.
ETFT\emi» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho. funeral to-day
(Wednesday). »t 10 o'clock, from his lat»
residence. i'50» Howard street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
STEIN— In this city. D«cembor 13. 1903. Estev.
beloved wife of Morris Stein, and mother oC
Mrs. Jake Rafovltch and Louis. Goldle and
Sarah gteLn. a native of Hungary, aged 47
years 7 months and 23 days.
SWEETLAND— In this city, December IS,
1003. Minnie R. Sweetland. beloved wlxe oC
Edgar Sweetland. a native of Carson City.
Nev.. ajed lft years.
TROWBRIDOE— In this city. December 14,
1903, Willie, beloved son of James and tha
late Sarah Ann Trowbridge. and brother of
Henry. Frederick and the late Sidney and
Pearl Trowbrldge. a native of England, aged
21 years and 6 months.
CyFrien^s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t» attend the funeral to-
day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from th«
parlors .of Halsted & Co.. 94U Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Ceaiea^ry.
ST. DOMINICS Church Building Aaso-
clatlon — The monthly requiem hish mass)
for th« deceased members of St. Domlnlc'a
Church Building Aasoclatlon. and for the
parents and relatives of living members, will
bp sung in St. Dominic's Church Thursday.
at 0 o'clock.
KB A I. RSTATK— -CITY — FOH SAI.B.
MADISON U BURKE.
30 Montgomery St.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUlTTION.
WEDNESDAT. Dec.~16. 1903. at 12 o'clock M.
BUSINESS PROPERTY*
Xos. r>2'» to 52S Pacific st. and Nos. 2 and 0
Bt Charles place In rear; 2-story brick build-
Ing of :i store* on Pacific st. and tenements in
rear; Pacltlc-st building under lease to one
tenant; this location is improving In value
rapidly. , . > :O
Annual rent $2C1G; lot 47:10x137:6 to rear st.
CHOICE. MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. 69 Fair Oaks st.. bet. 21st and 22d; In
the very warm belt of Mission; thoroughly well
built, containing 9 rooms, 2 bath? and large
basement, with storerooms, etc-: extremely sun-
ny; lot 01x117 :(> to alley.
, FINE CORNER FLATS.
• Southeast Jackson and Broderlck; 3 flats and
10-room house; modern and well built.
Rent J207 50 t*r month; lot 27:6x100.
INSIDE UNION-ST. RESIDENCES.
No. 927 Union St.. bet. Taylor and Jones;
containing 10 rooms and bath; only few min-
utes from business center.
Lot 27:6x120.
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 2621 Sacramento, bet. Steiner and Pierce
sts. ; choice location for home; close to Fill-
more *t. : car facilities are best. *¦
Lot 20x103.
SIXTEENTH-ST LOT.
North Jlne of Slxtenth st., bet. Church and
Saneher: 2 fine building lots.
Size 50x95. >
CHURCH -ST. LOT.
West line Church st.. be-t. Fifteenth and Six-
teenth; double building lot.
Size 50x125.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1410, 1412 and 1414 Kearny st.. near
Union; houses and flats; always rented; yearly
rents *708.
Lot 50x137:6.
INSIDE JACKSON-ST. CORNER.
Nos. 80S. 8J0 Jackson St., cor. Bedford place,
bet. Stockton. and Powell sts.; grand location
for flais.
Lot 64:6x117:0.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nob. 2031 and L'035 Polk St.. bet. Pacific and
Broadway: with small expense present Income
could be greatly Increased; present monthly
rents $t2 CO.
Lot 34x100.
JACKSON-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
South line Jackson St.. bet. Cherry and First
ave.; in neighborhood of artistic homes.
Size 134:11x128; will subdivide.
MARINE VIEW CORNER.
Southeast corner Jones and Vallejo. sts.;
grand residence site.
Rente $34 per month; lot 45:10x61:6.
TERMS AT SALE.
For catalogues and particulars apply to
MADISON ft BURKE. .TO Montgomery st. ¦
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
U3S Market street.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS:
$30,000— Rents $2700 per annum; McAllister
St.. close to Market: C magnificent »lats.
$22,600 — Bust st., near Polk; 50x120 through tu
real itreet; natural site for apartment-
house; 15-room residence, rented for
?100 per month.
$15,600— Pacific Heights; unsurpassed marine
¦view; 2 new flats, 10-11 rooms, rented
for $140 per mo.; magnificent throughout.
$9,500— Franklln-st. cor.; 40-ft. frontage;
elegant 12-room residence; original cost
$15,000; rented for $60 per month.
$6,5C0— Park Panhandle residence; 10 rooms
and bath; must be sold to close an
estate; rent $50.
$6,150 — Residence on Steiner St.; 6 rooms,
bath; finished basement and stable.
f5,700^ — Business corner; 2 flats and store;
first-class condition; rent fOOO per an-
num: Mission warm belt.
$4,750 — Natoma st.. near Eighth; 4 flats;
rents $45 per month; positive sacrifice.
$4,500 — Tehama St.: 2 flats. 4 and 6 rooms;
rents exceedingly low at $;J3; could bo
Increased; owner forced to sell.
$3,250 — Minna St.; 2 fine flats; rented for
$32 50 per month to permanent tenants;
income could easily be increased.
$3,000 — Entire block, bounded by 17th and 18th
avee., TV and X sts., near Ingleside; car
I ne now being built over 19th ave.;
beautiful site for roadhouse.
$2,800 — Two flats, also stable; rents $20 per
mo.; Baker et., near. Sutter; a snap;
call early for full details.
$2,800 — Cottage on Baker st.; 4 rooms; large
, lot; lot alone- worth price asked.
$1,450— Harriett Bt. ; 2 flat*; rented for $12;
3 rooms each; lot 25x75; this property
has an assured future.
$1,400— Turk St.; 60x127:6 ft.; worth twice
the price asked; business failure causes
sale.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
638 Market street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$500 to $1200.
Nothing to compare with our Oceanside lota.
Fronting Ocean. Park and Boulevard.
All on official grade, ready to build on.
. THEY CANNOT BE DUPLICATED.
Unobstructed ocean view! Every lot a bargain!
Get off cars at cor. 47th -ave. and H st.
SEE THEM TO-DAY: EASY TERMS!
$60 to $300. near Park and Ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanside Branch Office on 49th avenue and
K streot.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$5C0 to $1000. Choicest Sunset Dist. Lots.
Graded nnd sewered; near ears; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch office on 9th ave., near H st.
$1000, $1500. $3500 to 45000—4. 5. 6 and 8
rooms, now. modern cottages and houses in
Sunset, Richmond.' Oceanslde and Excelsior
Homestead! All bargains! Eaey terms!
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
W. J. GUNN, ! MO California st.
(Savings Union Building.)
Only $1750— On sunny «>lde of Union Ft.; grand
marine view: lot 23x100; very cheap; easy
payments; only $100 first payment.
$5000 — Two-story residence; 7 rooms, bathroom,
basement: lot 23x100; built 3 years ago;
north of Broadway; fine marine view; can
arrangQ for easy payments; llk« paying
rent until paid for; west of Fillmore: a
barrain.
$26?f> — On tunny side of Union; choice lot,
37:11x100; fine marine view lot; only $150
first payment; Just the location for flats;
will advance the money to . build for
buyer.
$33^0 — A* business corner on Websrter; 25x110.
\V. J. GUNN. r.30 California et.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market 8t.
$2100 — Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin sts.;
ntw cottage of 4 rooms, bath and basement;
good location for grocery; $300 down, $15 month.
$1750 — Fine- now cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement; $300 down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
St., near Twenty-fifth. ; - .
$1400— CLIPPER St.; cottag«v4 rooms: 3 attics;
high basement. J. STRAUB. C30 Market at.
$1100— COTTAGE of 5 rooms; 271S Diamond
st.: y, block ot Guerrero-st. cars; rents for
$12 per month.
2 lot* on Buena Vista ave., $125 each. /
1 lot on -California ave., $500; terms.
¦ D. COFFIN & CO.. .".303 Mission st.
S COTTAGES on Potrero ave., 804 to 812, as
a whole or In subdivisions; lot 120 feet front.
100 deon: In good .condition; 5 rooms, bath
and basement, i Owner 2300 Leavenworth st.
$150— NEW ccttaire. 3 rooms, near Folsom cars.
$700^ — Cottage. H rooms, hard finished.
Mission Realty Co., 2 Twenty-ninth st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full coct Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
BARGAIN — Fine.: new 6-room cottag*; - large
basement: $3500. Owner.- 0*8 Oth live., nr. C.
LOTS. Nor B «ld« of Golden Gate Park, pur-
ch«»fd by W. J. GUNM. KtO California st
PLUMBING in all Us "branches; Jobbing. AHL-
BACH & MAYER. ¦ Plumbers. 8»6 Howard.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE— Conntry— For Snle..
F0H sale— 15-acre fruit farm; eood Improve-
ments; rood .location: connected 'vrlth Ban
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
adgress 716 Nineteenth st., Oakland, Ca*.
FOR SALE or exchar.se — Farm 45 acres. 1m-
• proved; creek of water; hill land; some level
land; 4 miles east of Naoa. . Apply to R.
HOCKEN. Napa. Price. $2500.
$10 A .MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. • ' ' '¦
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. Iff free, dm .1 st.
WRIGHT A KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; Inspected' bargains; monthly cata-
I . logues s«nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. W3
! Market st. . : ,, ; ¦-. •
HEAL ESTATE TO KXCHANGB.y
I OAKLAND I property to exchange for ranches
not'too far o,ut. VR. C. LASSEN& CO.,:466
Tenth sl. Oakland, Cal. '
FOR exchange — About 25 canaries; will take
typewriter. Box 4885, Call office.
rEn.soyAi,s.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 80 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to eince
Jan. 1, lftft'J, and fcr the ensuins 30 days only.
* I will make a liberal reduction from all prices
for my special deep wrinkle treatment.
The ladv who has been on exhibition in the
drug store windows may be seen at my office
this week frcm 10 to f>. In order to acctimmo-
date those who havo requested to examine the
face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS,
7hl OTarrel! Ht.. near Larkln. Call or write
for book explaining method.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Younsr ladies steadily employed can have
Karon's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
ruits to order, on weekly or monthly pay-
msnts plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yiurselt by calling on BARON. 762
Market st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dftndruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cl^ansna scalp; at druggists', ha'rdressers: ac-
ccpt no substitute. Star Remedy Co..l.'*aS Polk.
LADIES' perfection seamless rubber glove*
keep the hands smooth, soft and white while
doing housework ; postpaid $1 25; send size of
kid worn. Perfection Rubber Co., box 37, ,
Llrr.a, Ohio.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine Only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission St., cor. 11th.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN", 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
adflress Central Pharmacy, 231 Grant ave., '
corner Sutter et.; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dls-
eases positively cured by AVillow Hark Co.,
l-S. - a> Polk et.: consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 997 Mar-
ket st., room 203; phene South 701.
AT lees than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket ft., between ggventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evRg., Tfutonla Hall. Howard st.. nr.
:>th; Prof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
Bon Marche PanU Co.; special $3 pant? to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm 44.
FINE genuine diamonds. watches. Jewelry cheap-
<x than anywhere. A. A. Ritter, 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
_eountry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
BUTTS to order on Installments $1 per week.
JNeuhaus o: Co.. merch. tailors. 727-721) Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; M; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trie needle, airs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements anil subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market Bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . '..
PALSL &TBV. ~
j HUE. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
: gift; palm reading* SI;. 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 1^9 Post st.
IfSIB. NEERGAARD'S class in palmistry be-
gins Pec. 1. 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
{ Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 5C1.
1 PAPERHAXGIXU. PAIXTIA'C. ETC.
I CALL at 627 Turk et. or phone Sutter 154 for
pape.-hanging. painting and paper cleaned.
Papenng; rfasonabie rat's; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31U 3d: tel. Main 413.
1'KOPOSAt.S.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners. Union Depot and Ferry
House. San Francisco, Caliiornia, Novem-
ber 10. 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this oirlce at or prior to 2:16 O'clock p. m.
on Wednesday. December 23, 1903, for th«
conrtructlo:i of a e'ctlon of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
Kins and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, In accordance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board August 27. 1SW3. and on file In this
office, to which special reference Is hereby
made. The work to be done under these
tpeciflcations consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a etone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about SW.uOO tons of stone: the wharf will
contain .'W.000 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
line of Cbfnnel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred- (600)
feet northerly along said water front line. .
The materials to be used, for the construc-
tion of th« seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
tea water or air.
Two classes of stone- will be . recognized.
The first cla«s will include stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment of Bizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to etone larger than four
cubic feet; this class of stone must be free
of E»ams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
no itone lew than five pounds will be- ac-
cepted st the ouarry.
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow, fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolt*, spikes, etc.. all of the best quality
and subject to a rijrtd examination.
No bid wIH be received unless it Is made
en a blank form furnished from this office
ar.d is accompanied by a certified ch»ek fcr
five per cent of the aggregate amount o'
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre-
tary of the Board, as a guarantee on "th«
part of the successful bidder that he w "m
within t\x <6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter <nto a written contract to do
fa jd work, according to the plan, and speci-
fications Pf'Jff 1 **, * h t *™ f °f- «"d will also
execute and file with this Board a bond In
such eum as the Board may deem adequate
With'* surety rompany to oe approved ty
the Dtard of Bute Harbor Commlsslon-rs
and conditioned for the f.Ithful performance
of such contract: nor will mid bid h» C on-
*;d>red by this Boord unless delivered to the
secretary- or to tho assistant secretary 1,
the Office of the secretary, at or Drlor 7o
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednc.rtay, December
23. 1&03. at which time and place the bidi
will be opcn»d. .
The board reserves the right to reject any or
nil bids It deemed for the be»t Interest of
the State.
Eia«S»rs are invited to be present at the open-
ing cf the tW«. c rf' „
f CHAb. H. SPEAR.
JOHN C. K1RKPATRICK.
J • I '• ->* AC l\ EN 7*\ FT,
Beard of State Harbor Comml»*ioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief F.ngineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
BIDS will be received by the Uniform BoardT
National Guard of California, nt the office
of the Adjutant General, Sacramento. Cal..
up to noon of December 18, 1WB. for furnish-
ing and delivering 3740 drets coat* and 33J0
raps, new regulation, for th» National Guard
of California. 'Forms of bids an<: all in-
formation connected therewith can be ¦ ob-
tained on application to Lieutenant Colonel
F1IF.D J.. II. IUCKON. Dlv. Q. M., recorder
of the board, room 236, Phelan building. Sain
Francisco, Ca!.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Nov. IS. 1903.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a, m.. December IR. 10c«. and
then opened for construction of a brick hos-
pital' (inc'.udlnr Plumbing, gas piping and
lieating) at Fort McDowell, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids In whole or In part, i Information fur-
rlshcd on application to WM. 8. PATTKN,
Asst. Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS for railroad construction bids Will
he r«-ceir»>d until 12 o'clock noon. Jan. 2.
. 1904, at the offW of Tonopah Mining Com-
pany Butler postoflW, Nev., for the con-
struction of th*< TT>norw»h railroad' from
Rhodes, N«v.. to Tonopah. Nev., distance ap-
proximately sixty miles: plans, specifications,
profile, etc.. can be seen at the office of the
chlrf engineer at Tonopwh.
TVPr;wRiTKnsjiKp siiprussL
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. .1
Smlib Premier. J25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 CO. The
' Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st. * ' ' .-
A FEW good typewriters at .530 each; get par-
ticulars tf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. ; ./; '. v .. ¦'-• ,
CD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
• tVebtter Typewriter Inspec. Co., 008 Market.
•»» IM'Kl j.A XKOCS KOIl SAME Ton.
¦A— iiuy*. tf'.ls cr rerns gear machinery, en-
Rlr.f-s, L'.llcr*. water pipe. *haftlng. pulleys.
etc. W H1THXAW. 2^-255 Spear Et.
TVPEWRITEIIS. slightly used, sold at cost;
i" 1 " KqdcrwrG-J visible typewriter catalog
*eni tree. R. E. P.evalk 4: Co.. San Frar.clgco.
TflY our men's shes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
toot-torta *kucs at $2 50; we pay expres?
11 ad st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION «a>— Beet $2 50 hats. $1 5v>.
l\>pu!ar Price Hatter, U30 Kearny ft., near
Pirn ; ci'.^n to 9 p. m.; Sundays to nocn.
DISPOSING cf Witte gas enrineT; 2 li."p.. 20
H. i\; attractive prices. The Tracy Er.si-
r.rerinS; Co.. IjI I-Yement ft.. S. F.
SOME gfod rt-cond-hani Sisoline *?ig:n»F, 1 to
12 H. P . cheip F.. B. Beck & Co . 122 Mkt.
SAILING urk for hunting aild ficlii'.B 828
st . third f.cor. room 4.
FINE Etetn automobile; f.rst-clars running or-
der. W. V.. 7.2U Lyon «t.. San Francisco.
SLOT machine* cheap; Chicapocs. Twentieth
C^nturie*. Pucks. BACIGALLP1. B33 Market.
DESKS ar-1 *afe»; fee the complete line at 1NIC
Market. uK Van Ne«». RICHARDSON BROS.
IMntlns office. 3 C.*.P 4 weef*. motor, cutter.
__type. fixtures; doing good buylnew?. 298ft, Call.
SAFES— New and~~socori(l-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st
A VERY tine diamond heart fcr ?210 at W. J.
HKST HAL'S. 30 Sixth St.
NEW and F»c<nnd-hand machinery of all kinfls.
KROGH MNPO. OO .* M9 Market si.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, rale, rental;
Nergiins. Bullard & Itreck. 131 Post eC
MILT-:s of pij*> and fittlnc?: nil sires. EU-
GENE niLEY ft PONS. 103 Vallejo st.
8A KES — Ne w onT Tecond -hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market et :
All b«rga!r.s;ramp utools and chairs; hammocks,
metal bedy, mattresses. J.F. Hoiter.712 Mission.
Edison phoni-graph*, records, supplies, moving
picture rnachlnf 5. fiims. Bacigalupl. 933. Mkt.
GASOLINE enjriries. automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 4ti Fremont ft.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriters; all
make*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Momgy.
A BRANCH office of Ttie Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at 10C* Market ft., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
MISCE-LLAAEOl'S WAXTS.
WANTED— To rent a hotel In a good country
town. Particulars box 31S9, Call.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1148 Market et.; phene Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
WANTED — A email screw cutting lathe and a
motor to run it. Box 4SS1. Call office.
MOTOR, 2 h. p.. «!»> stitching machine wanted.
Box j770. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goeds. 154 9.h «t.; tel. Jessie 2S^1.
MOXEV TO IX) AX.
AAX^HEimA5?'MURPHY~~
601-OCr-!-«0:s fxan-.ir.er building..
Quick yettlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing ditectly.
Ertatc-s. second mortgages, undivided Inter-
etU, assignments of rents, properly in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terest* in pron»rty purchased.
Ccuiteoue treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Monev :
See HERMAN MURPHY. j
ADVANCES on furciture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
etnptajnrr; lowest rates; no comrui»-«lon. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO. CS and til* Donohoe ;
building. 1170 Markt-t *t.
BTBICTLiT CONFIDENTIAL. LOANS en fur- |
r.iture, pianos cr to salaried people on th»ir i
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS I
TP.UST CO.. r. 10. Phelan blj.. tel. Main 701. j
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-nouses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 551 1'airctt bldg. !
HIGxtLY respectable private place to obtain I
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
2 pr cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4« Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A— 1 per .cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, r.o ccnimiF«lon. no publicity ;$-0 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2U Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Giant ave..
LOANS Fr.OM $1 TO $10,000
MOXEY to loan oa low ir.terent; gold, silver,
diamonds. j>*-arls ani precious stones bought
at W. J. UESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth tt.
NEW rasy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; abEolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company. room« 45-4'J, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried pecple without security; en furni-
ture; indorsed n<"tf-s and other security. S. F.
Discount Ageacy. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and planes; strict
privacy: no commission :insta:im»nt» accepted.
BONELLI. S01 Eddy. Conten-atory building.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
ma S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. Kg Kearny.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salarVg confiden-
tially: new, simple plan. Room Ho. Siu Market.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no cora. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 100.1 Mu-
tua] Savings Bank bldg., 708 Market st.
STAR Lean Co. of Wyoming loan* money to
salaried employe*. R. 011. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
ir.dorcrr. MORELL. COS Examiner Mining.
MOSSY WASTED.
A— 5 TER CENT MONTHLY .
On investments of Jioo and upward; no "g»t-
rich-<julck" "swindle, turf speculation or iram-
M:ng scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in Pan Francisco; cleared
t67.<nX) :ci?t year on $100,000 capital; stock
Inert-area £20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
write fcr particular*.
GERMA.V1A INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
MTKICAI, IXSTItlTMEXTS.
A FEW HVBClAxT^VRliniT PIANO BAR-
GAINS:
Collerd. $33; Emerson. $C5; Filsher, $70;
Miller, $175; Chickerlng. |1«7; American,
I1C3; Heine. f£iS; Haynen. $150; Stetnway.
$lt>5; Steir.nay, large etyle, $325, and fifty
etfcer*. Rents. |2 up; Installments, $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2.T3-237 Geary «r««t;
Oakland branch. Fifteenth end Broadway, eld
P. O. blig. **
THE -holidays are clone at hand and all who
contemplate selecting a. piano are advised t<>
select th!» week *¦> at to avoid the delay of
rush week. A rmall payment down will se-
L cure . the Instrument and delivery can te
ma'le when you wish; $150 upward is all you
need ray. THE ZEKO MALVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7ca Market st.
WE rent the best piano In the city for (3 per
rnorth: »f allow six months' rental and
cartage (720) off purchase price, thus giving
you • tix rncmthi* trial of th» lnstrurcent for
nothing; our u-rms and prices cannot b«
«ju»-.led In Fan Francisco.
SOOTT-^URTAZ PIANO CO., 5W-C4 Hayes flt.
A FINE lot of t*-eond-har.<5 upright* from SCO
up. including such rnflkr* as t'blckerlng. Vo»e,
Kroeger. Curfaz. Klrkl-.em. 1'esse. llaroman.
aiarshail & Wrn.iPU. liaus and others. HCSJ.
CLT.TAZ & 8ON. 1<j OFarrell St. No
branches in San FrancUcrf:
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; uure3eemed stor-
age pianos and furniture celling to psy stor-
ei-f. dirt cheap. Whttehead's Storage, 1C34
Market st. Open evenings.
BAM) instruments; F. Utsscn. Paris, maker;
Cos Malv.cl.:. /.gt. Pac. Ccasf, 27S O'Farrell;
1 «Jcillrul r- -,'i.tr.r.,;; 2d-hand instruments MM.
flOO^FINE upright, cost $400. for sale: $3 in-
rtallment. 1CC9 Cough *t.. near Geary.
fciv— uTnWHT piano: Fteck mahogany; nearly
r.Mv. HonNUNG J'RO.S.. 21C McAllister sL
AttfOST rheapVr than firpwocd; storage pl*no«
& funilture. J63<J Market rU Ocen -evenings.
ALMOST r.evr upright: rheap; rash or Install-
m»M. ECHMIT7. & Ctj^ 1C McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL Z-vt*\*.\ Sttlnwxy upright piano;
perfect /•rder.-tncrlflte Keef?e'e.2S3 O'Farrell.
BOHSJEH. nyrtm J'ritsy piar»">s. Ocftlan piano
player. JlYl'.CN U.W/.X. ::0S-312 Pott gt,
SUPERIOR v1olr.». z:thf>rr. old nn<5 new. II.
_MULLEn. maker, repairer. 2 ?.<tasm place.
CLASSIFIED r.<tvrrf.r*ment* nnd fiubscrlptioni
r~c«rlvr<i at rail branch office. i*2f>0 Flllrorre.
Wl WKKK'H .liens for n cents— The Weekly Call/
~ li; pac<"«. in vrar>r*"r. for mailing. SI |>er year.
lU'l-'KKS AXt> .STOKISK TO - |
TO LEASE— In center of wholesale district;
i£rse. lltrht basement with concrete floor; 8&. j
cor. Market and Second »ts.; 05x173: will b*
put In actjnC condition: rent reasonable.
' BHAINWALP. BUCK BEE A CO.. 218-220
Montgomery, st. y
PHYSICIAXS AND SCRGEOXS.
DR. C. CO'DONNELL — Office ajid residence,
• 1021 V, Market «.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOQD. ckln and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st. ¦
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor^
treats all diseases or the human body; for
past four ycare at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at <*67 Geary st., near Leavenworth..
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR'. H. C. WONG, 719 Post st.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free. -
WONO WOO. the famous herb doetc.r-=-AU dis-
eases cured by Chinese herb*. 740-S Clay st.
SEW1NCJ MACHINES ASD SIJI'I'LIEH.
NEW HOME tewing machine; this week only;
$10. *ir>. *20; slightly used; needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter fit.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell ets. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLlN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12«.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tcl. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture. Moving -Com-
- puny. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11, Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. . Shipping at cut rates.
8TXrTElUXG ASP STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market—^ure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
MARRIA6E LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . " , j .y.
Ocka M. Rlewerts. 24, 24 Turk street, and
Jeanette L. Richards, 20, 218 Thirteenth st.
Robert G. Johnston, 26, Oakland, and Qraco
V. Marahell, 18, Oakland.
James M. Hanley, 2S, 3004 Eighteenth street.,
and Stella M. Hall. 21. Qulncy.
William J. Mitchell, 29, ltu'J Octavia street,
and Cora Harris, 26, Alameda.
Frederick J. Knorre, 21, 823 O'Farrell street,
and Mabel A. Goddard. 20, 823 O'Farrellst.
Martin Gray, 27, 1305 Ellis street, and Man-
gle McFadden, 2<i, GtlS Clementina street.
Mathlas M. Mergens, 4s, city, and Sarah A.
DcnniBon, 34. city.
August S. Schmidt, 41, S73 Minna street, and
Paula Laepge, '32, 313 Leavenworth street.
Joseph Figer, 6tt, 302 Sutter street, and Har-
riet E. Foss, C2. 83tt Turk street.
Stlllman T. Fisher,' 25, 1032 Market str-.D*,
and Marie C. Rlvas, 23, 119 Jones street.
Noel Collln. 21, 359 O'Farrell strlet, and
Mary. E. Corcoran, 18, ' 1703 Geary street.
Charles Mannlon. 42, 1055 Mission street, and
Agnes Beamish, 34, 503 Jessie street.
John R. Brown, 21, 510 Ninth street, and
Nellie E. Fllgate, 10, 329 Harriet street.
Charles R. Asplund. 32. 407 Leavenworth
street, and Marguerite E. Arnott, 30, . 112
Clara street.
¦. William F. Squire, 34.-S.in Jcse, and Mary
B. Borthwick, 31, San Joae.
Karl H. F? Poppe, 2«, 813 Van Ne^s avenU',
and Ida Groepper. .30. 813 Van Ness avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES—DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of • charge.
" BORX.
LUCKY— In Sausallto. December 12, 10O.\ to
the wife of Cantaln C. J. Lucky, a son.
PAPE— In Boston. Mass.. December 14, 1903.
to the wife of Eric Pape, a son.
DIED.
Alberga, Georglna Kluge, Emll
Benson, George XV. Latlmer, Imelda D.
Bowen, Gmchen B. McFarland, May H.
Boyer, Charles C. McGregor, Frederick
Brodie, ; Thomas Meyers, Anne .
Bunker, Paul New, Mary
Burns. Nellie Nicholson. John J.
.Carroll. Charles, E. Ohlsen, Beneditia
Cereghlno., Joseph Pergeaux. Anna
Clark, Mrs. Ida J. Peis>n, Charles R.
Daly; John • Phelpa, Alanson H.
Edelston, Maggie Porobich, Milan
Krerichs, Elizabeth Puckhaber, John
. GoodstMl. De-Courcy Schwartz, Henry
Granfield, Delia Smith, Edward L.
Haftey, Thomas Smith, Ferdinand
Hamilton. John W. Stein, Estev
Joslyn, Charles S. Sweetland, Minnie
Keane, Josephine V. Trowbrldge, Willie
Kins, William
ALBEROA-^-In Frultvale. December 15, 1903.
Georglna' Alberga. beloved wife of George
B. Alberga, mother of Mrs.' Hattie Moore,
and grandmother of Ernest and Vern Moore,
a native Of Virginia, aged 48 years.
BENSON— In this city. December 14. 1903.
George W., beloved husband of Bertha M.
i Benson, and father of Eleanor R. Dalley of
Chicago, 111., a native of Ohio, aged- CI
years 3 months and 22 days. (Chicago and
Cincinnati papers please copy.)
BOWEN— In Alameda, December 35, 1903,
. Gretchen Burnett Bower;, be!oved daughter
of Charles E. and Margaret V. Bowen, and
sister of Alan. Benton, Charlotte, Dorothy,
Edward and Francis Bowen. a native of
Oakland, ajreil 12 years 5 months and 27
days. (Columbus. Ohio, papers please copy.)
E7 Interment private.
BOYER— In this city, December 15, 1003,
Charles C, beloved husband of Josephine
Boyer, a native of Iowa, aged 41 years 5
months -arid '24 days.' ' ¦
JC Friends and acquaintances are re.inect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at o'clock, at the
• -Hall of Court Advocate, A. O. F., Fraternal
Hall, Washington street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth, Oakland. Remains at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman A Co., 1'JOU
Mltslon Rtreet. between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BRODIE— In .this city, December 15,' 190:i.
at Mi ¦ residence. 2W»1 Sacramento street,
Thomas, beloved husband of Mat Brodie,
and father of Violet. Gilbert and Frank
BroUle, »¦ natl\re of " Scotland, a?ed 47 years
10 .months and 17 days.
BUNKER— In AmltyvHte, x. y. # December
15, 1903, Paul, beloved hu?band of Caroline
S. Bunker, and «on of the late Matthew and
Mary Buhker, Aged 44 years.
BURNS— In this city, December 14, 11HM, Nel-
lie, dearly beloved daughter of Mary I and
' . the lato Thomas Burns, • beloved slater of
Kathcrtne Burns, and granddaughter of P
W. and Mary J. Drury,- a native of San
, Francisco. • . . • . ¦ ... - . .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the -funeral Wednes-
•day, ot 9 o'clock, from her late residence
- C40 Oak street,, thenco to Sacred Heart
Church, Fillmore and Fell streets, where a
solemn requiem. ma«t will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARROLli— In thU city, December lo.' 1903
Charles. E., beloved husband of Belle B Car-
. roll, father of Ethel Ii. t Maud, Albert, Ray-
mond, Everltt ana Elmer Carroll and the
late Netta Carroll, brother of "Alice McGoxvn
• and Arthur Carroll of San Jose, and son of
Charles E. and Nancy B. Carroll Sr., a na-
tive of . Massachusetts, aged *S5 years 8
months -and 4 days. A member ot Bernal
Lodge NO. '10, A. O. U. W.
•'¦ • (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at 10:30 o'clock, from his late residence 11
Liberty street, thence by tlectrlc funeral car
from corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 11 o'clock.
CEREGH1N0— In this city, December 14 1903.
5* Joseph, .dearly bHoved son of Carlo and
Giovanna Cereyhlno. and beloved brother of
Louisa, Cercghlno and the late Giovanni
Glambattsta and Lulgl Cereghlno. a natlvo
of Italy, azed 20 years and. 24 days.
tC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday
; December 17,. at, 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3302 Mlwion street, tiience to St.
' Paul's Church, \ rorner ' Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, .where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the- repose of his soul.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. . ' Telephone South SO. ¦ ' . % ,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
—Funeral Directors and - Embalmers.-
¦ '• • Formerly .lo- Metropolitan Temple.
'. Now. at b«C MISSION. TeL South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth." near Fifth st. '
. ;¦', Finest ¦¦ KouIpmenU at. Moderate • Rates. : *
• James McGinn. . ¦» ¦- ¦ Henry Hansea.
V-' - • v « james McGinn & co.. ,
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeru I . Directors and - Embalmers.——
• " 21< Eddy St.; Tel: South 678.
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CLARK— In Oakland. December 14. 1903. Mrs.
"•Ida J Clark, beloved mother of Charles,
Roy and Vivlcnne Clark, a native of IUlno.s.
DALY— In Healdsburg. Ca!.. December 14.
l!)03, John, beloved husband of Mary Daly,
and beloved brother of Peter. Patrick and
the late Thomas >'• Daly, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland.
(ETFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
. of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7G7 Mission, street.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
by. 11 o'clock creek boat.
EDELSTEN— In th!« city. December 15, 1003,
at her residence, 904 Leavenworth street.
Maggie. be!ov«d wife cf the late Ernest
Edtlsten, mother of Ernestine and Olive
Edelsten, daughter of Mrs. Jane Baker, and
sister of Mary H. Klrchner, Mrs. C. G. Barr
and Jennie Akranius. a native of Illinois,
aged 32 years 1 month and 12 days.
FRERICHS— In Loe Gates, December 15, 1DCO.
Elizabeth, belovej wife of Henry Frrrichs.
daughter of Mrs. Henry Schneider, and sis-
ter of Otto and Edwin Jjurr, a, native of
Germany, aged 20- years."
E7Frl?nrts and acquaintances are reapect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral services'
'to-morrow (Thursday), \ at 2:30 o'clock. In
the chapel at Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GOODSELL—ln this city. December 14. 1903.
De-Courcy M. OoodseU, father of Mildred L.
Good8«ll, a native of New York, awed 83
years. ,
GRANFIELD— In this city. December 14. 190tt.
Delia, dearly beloved wife of John Gran-
field, daughter of Michael and Rachel Hayes,
and sister of J. O.. Charles. Harry and
James Hayes, Mrs. May Laughlin and Mrs.
J. Laskle, a native of Los Angeles, aged 22
years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitee! to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Thursday), «t 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lora of James McMenomey ft Son. 1057 Mis-
sion street, thence to Et. Patrick's Church,
where a reouiem high mans will be cele-
brated for th* repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HAFFEY— In Los Angeles. December 14. 1003.
Thcmas, beloved son of Patrick and the late
• Catherine Haffey, and beloved brother of
James, Edward, William, Hugh, Mary and
i, Margaret Haftey, a native or San Francisco,
aged 20 years.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
ther.ce to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem high maM will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul," commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In thla city, December 14, 1003.
John W.." beloved husband of Dora M. Ham-
ilton, and father of Mrs. G. G. Graham,
Mrs. G. S. McFee, T. M. Hamilton and Mrs.
M. V. Higxlns. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged CO years.
tT Friends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral services Thursday, December 17. at 3
o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
JOSLYN — In Napa County. Cal., December 13,
1003. Charles S. • Joslyn. a native of New
York.
E7Remalna at the parlors of Valente. Ma-
rini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street. Cremation
will take place Wednesday, at 3 o'clock, at
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KEANE— In this city. December 15, 1903. Jo-
sephine Viola,, beloved daughter of Martin
S. and the late Margaret Keane, and sister
of Martin F. Keane. a native of* Alameda
County, aged S years and 2 months.
t7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at It o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 116 Morris avenue, between
Fifth and Sixth. Bryant and Brannan etreets.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
KING— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 14, 1903. William King, a native of
England, aged 5S years.
KLUGE — In this city, December 14. 1903,
Emll, beloved huiband of Mary A. Kluge.
and father of Fred Kluge, a native of
Ltbau, Russia, aged CO years 10 months and
9 days.
(C?*The Mineral will take place Wednes-
day, at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary chapel
• of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company.
2475 Mission street, . near Twenty-first. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Funeral
and 'nterment private.
LATIMER— In this city, December 15,' 1303.
Imelda Dorothy. Latlmer. a native of San
Francisco,- aged 3 months.
McFARLAND— In this city. December It.
1003 May Helen, beloved wife of Wallace
McFarland, and daughter of James H. and
M. Helen Cator. and sister of Ozro A. and
Albert H. Cator and Mrs. Effle M. \vlnans,
a native of /Rochester, N. II.. aged 31 years
4 months and 7 days.
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral sen'lces to-
1 day (Wednrsday). at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her parents, 148 Clinton Park,
off Valencia street, between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery by carriage.
McGREGOR — In Oakland, Cal., December 14.
1003 Frederick McGregor, beloved busband
of Mary Jennings McGregor, son of the late
Joseph and Fanny McGregor, andr twin
brother of William C. McGregor, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years and 27 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Thursday, December 17, at 1 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church, corner Sacra-
memo «treet and Van Nees avenue. San
Francisco. Interment "Mountain .View Ceoe-,
tery. Oakland.
MEYERS— In this city. December 15, 1903.
\nne, beloved wife of the late Henry Mey-
ers, and mother of M. B. Johnston, a native
of Ireland.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 876 Liberty street, off Castro,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first, thence
to the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer,
wh?re a solemn requiem -mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment private In Holy
. Cress Cemetery.
NEW — In this cfty, December 13. 1903. Mary,
belovtd wife of the late George New. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 7(J years.
%y Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
' at the parlors of Carew &. English, 29 Van
NeM avenue.
NICHOLSON— In this city. December 13, 190B r
John Joseph, beloved husband of Mary Nich-
olson, father of Jennie. ' Edward and Frank
Nicholson, ami con of John Nicholson, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass;, aged 60 years.
CTThe funeral win take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30- o'clock, from his iat«
residence, 125 Valencia street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, wher* a requiem hish mass
will be celebrated for, the repose of his soul,
commencing at l» o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OHLSEN— In thla city. December 14, 1903,
Benedltla, beloved mother of Charles Wil-
liam and Ernest Edward Ohlsen. and grand-
mother of Mary Frances. Kitty Elizabeth
and Alice Hazel Ohlsen. and mother-in-law
of Albertlna Ohlsen. a native of Sweden,
aged 88 years 3 months and 22 days.
ETTriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1220 Potroro avenue. Interment Cy-
prew Law Cemetery.
PERGEAUX— In this city. December 13. 190.'!.
Anna Pergeaux. beloved mother of Louis,
Paul. Mary and Eugene Pergeaux. a native
ot France, aged 43 years.
icy Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. December 16, 1903, at 9 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of J. 8. Godeati, 3U5
Montgomery avenu*. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PERSON— In this city. December 15, 1903.
Charles R. Person, son of Walter and Eliza-
beth Person, decensed, and nephew of Mrs.
* Mary A. Freeman and the. late James R. and
P,- T. Phillips, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years 1 month and 18 days.
Cj^Frtends and acquaintances are r««p*ct-
fuliy Invited to attend the funtral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2022 Fillmore street, thence to Third
Baptist Church. Powell street, near Bush,
for services, commencing at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PHELPS — In this city. December 14. 1903.
Alanson Hosmer Phelps, a native of New
York City, aged 71 years 10 months and 4
days. l ¦
IE?" Funeral services will take place
Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, at St. .Luke'«
Church, corner of Van Ness avenue and
Clay «tre«t. Interment : private. Cypres*
Lawn Cemetery. Pleas* omit flowtrs.
FOROBICH— In this city. December 13. 1903,
Milan Porobich. son of Stephen PoroMch,
brother of Janko.. Nicola. Marko. Angelica,
Ellna and Saveta Porobich. and cousin of
Splro. Chris, Marko and Lazar Radulovich,
a native of Mojdcx, Bocche de Cattaxo. Aus-
tria aged 40 years. A member of Bald
Engle Trib« No. 75. I. O. R. M.
I cyFriends and members of Bald Eagle
Trlbo No. .73, I. O. R.. M.. are respectfully
Invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the Rus-
sian Church. Powell street, between Unlca
and Filbert. Interment Servian Cemetery.
San Mateo County. > Remains at the funeral
parlora of Cralr. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between . Polk and Larkln
streets.
PUCKHABER— In this city. December 13. 1903.
at his residence. 1801 Fifteenth avenue
south," corner P street south, John, dearly
I raj M rV CT fl I iLcT. f4 p r*^ fl 1 I Ss^V iftjy^ jL^^^B
-&r " "^ . " " -a- -*- ¦ **• " ". / -^ -X- . -^ -r ' d- " i •..¦¦ < N^-^HEAD OF THE FIRE DEPARTMENT AND SOME OF HIS ABLE AS
SISTANTS. WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN PREP
ARATIONS FOR THE WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' BENEFIT.
All druggists sell ADAMS' Irl»h Mosa Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 25c, 50c. *
A. M. Mehany, representing the Pa
cific States Telephone and ; Telegraph
Company, secured a warrant from Po
lice Judge Conlan yesterday for 'the
arrest of "John Doe" on ' a charge of
mis'demeanor embezzlement. It* is al
leged that one of the young men em
ployed as a collector of nickels from
telephone boxes'has been in ; the habit
of -retaining for his own; use* a small
part of each collection. - < •¦
Accused of Withholding Coin.
James Tsoucas was convicted by a
Jury yesterday in the United States
District t Court of conspiracy to manu
facture counterfeit coins. Judge de
Haven ordered him to appear for sen
tence this morning at 11 o'clock.
Tsoucas was associated with two other
Greeks. Chris Patrikioupoulou and
George Jtose, who are now serving
terms in the penitentiary, they having
pleaded guilty.
Tsoucas Convicted.
Teachers Arranging Reception.
A number of teachers constituting
the reception committee for the an
nual convention of the State Teachers'
Association to be held In this city at
the end of this month met yesterday
to make the preliminary . arrange
ments for the reception of delegates
to the convention. Superintendent
Langdon presided, and a programme
was arranged for the entertainment
of visiting teachers.
Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery st. •
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.- — The follow
ing Ca'liforniahs • are , in ¦ New York:
From San Diego—B. % Scott and wife,
at the Raleigh, j From San Francisco
— C. Gillesple, at the Imperial; H. Al
brecht, at the Grand Union; J. W.
Coffroth and Mrs. J. Coffroth, at the
Herald Square j'R.vDaggett, at the Im
perial; H. C. S.rHacke, at the SL
Denis, and O. C. Stine, af the Impe
rial. From. Los Angeles— D.;L. Du
rand, at the Murray HUH, arid F. A.
Pollock, at Broadway Central.
Callfornlans In New York.
McDonnell Indicted Again.
The United States Grand Jury
yesterday returned an indictment
against \ George T. McDonnell, alias
H. Epstein, alias Rev.\ J. B. Tay
lor, pastor of the Church of the
Redeemed at (Emeryville, charging
him with having used the malls for
the purpose of defrauding Clay A.
Straley of Cottonwood and C. G. Pope
of Alturas out of $12 50 each. A for
mer indictment was quashed.
Those who assisted the singers were:
Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup: B. Jaulus.
first violin; F. Forde. first violin; Wm.
von der Mehden, second violin: W.
Lewis, viola: F. Bracamome, 'cello; S.
Brown, bass; F. C. Zeh. flute; C.
Schneider, clarionet; O. Schlott, horn;
Miss Ruth W. Loring. planlste; J. C.
Fyfe, organist.
"Roland* 3 Horn" (Markullt: tenor solc>. A.
A. McCurda: barytone solo. S. Schalkhammer:
"Adieu. Forets" (Tschaikowsky). Mrs. Grace
Davis Northrup: "O Holy Night." cantlque
de Noel (Adolphe Adam), soprano solo anJ
chorus arranged for male voices, piano, organ
and orchestra, for the Loring Club; soloist,
Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup; "The Sailor's
Dream" (Frani Abt). with barytone solo by
Herbert K. Medley; -Chorus of Vintagers and
Boatmen," from the opera "Die Loreley" (Max
Bruch), with bass solo by G. Brenner; "Bell
ringer's Daughter" (Reinthaler), for soprano
«olo and chorus of men's voices: soloist, Mrs.
Grace Davis Northrup; "Festgesans" (Men
delssohn), i
The Loring Club gave Its second con
cert of the season last night at Na
tive Sons' Hall on Mason street. This
is the twenty-seventh season of the
club's existence. David W. Loring di
rected the singers.
The large hall was crowded to the
doors with an enthusiastic audience
and the efforts of the singers were ap
plauded again and again. The club
sang extremely well and Its good work
reflects great credit on Director Loring.
The programme was as follows:
Large Audience Attends Excellent.En
tertainment Given by the Loring
Club at Native Sons' Hall.
GIVES ITS SECOND
CON'CERT OF SEASON
Mechanics' Institute Meeting.
The trustees of the Mechanics* In
stitute held their regular meeting last
night in their quarters on Post street.
The affairs of the library were dis
cussed and found to be in excellent
condition. The election for the new
members of the board of directors
takes place shortly. There are more
than thirty nominations.
H. Weinstock, a member of the .well
known dry goods firm of Sacramento,
is at the Palace.
Ferd K" Rule, general auditor j of the
Salt Lake road, is up from Los Angeles
and Is staying at the Palace.
Henry M. Gillis of New York is in
San Francisco to attend the Christmas
high jinks of the Bohemian Club.
William P. Hammon, head of the
company which is engaged in dredger
mining near Orovllle, is* registered at
the Palace.
P. D. Lowell, until recently connected
with the Portland Hotel, is at. the Pal
ace, on his, way to Monterey, where he
Is to take' the 1 position of chief clerk
of the Hotel del Monte.
Eugene A. Elliott, representing the
firm of Collbran & Bostwick, who are
financiering for the Emperor of Korea
his many big enterprises, is at the Pal
ace. He. is, here on his vacation.
Thomas and Fred Couch, sons of the
late Captain Couch, who was promi
nently Identified with California-min
ing, arrived from Butte, Morit., yester
day and are registered at the Palace. '
Luther S. Kelly, •familiarly known in
the Western frontier as /'Yellowstone
Kelly," for many years a military scout
and latterly engaged in: that capacity
In the Philippines, returned yesterday
from the islands and is . registered at
the Occidental.
William A. Solomon of .New York,
chairman of the board of* directors of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, ac
companie'd by Mr. ' Meulen, J a prominent
banker, of Amsterdam, whose house Is
interested financially in -the railroad
company's holdings, is on ;hls; way to
this city, which he .is expected to reach
on Friday. " -.:' \ : .
PERSONAL MENTION".
Dr. W. C. Reid of Madera is at the
Grand.
Dr. J. K. Barrett of Winnipeg- is at
the Palace. . , . •.'".'
E. 8. Cooley, a merchant of-Marys
ville, is at the Lick.
L. A. Blasingame, a stock raiser of
Fresno, is at the Grand. .
\V. A. Junker, manager of the Paso
Robles Hotel,, is at the Palace. |
John D. Mackenzie, Harbor Commis
sioner, has returned from Arizona. - ¦
Dr. J. B. Morris and, wife of Lewis
ton, Mont., arrived at the Palace
terday. ¦¦'¦'..
Detective McMahon says that Gee
Gum did not belong to any tong and
the only reason he can assign for his
murder is that he was mistaken for
another man.
shot by Hop Sing men on Saturday
night, December 5.
Three musicians at the Chinese the
ater called at the City Prison yester
day afternoon and positively Identified
Mah Ylck, Lee Sem and Louie Yow
as the three men implicated In the kill
ing of Gee Gum on Saturday night.
One of these musicians, Dare Fook,
swore to complaints before Police
Judge Fritz, charging the three men
Identified with murder, and they were
booked at the City Prison on the
charge.
Complaints against other wholesalers
who are still selling perishable products
on the State wharves will probably be
filed Boon. The entire matter will be
fought out ultimately in the courts.
The board directed Secretary Foy, In
each case, to call for each of the de
fendants to come before the board and
also to inquire if any one desired to
cross-examine the witnesses. No one
responded to these Invitations.
The commissioners settled down to
the consideration of what they should
do. They promptly revoked the selling
permits of the several firms named in
the foregoing. They also instructed
Attorney Davis and .Secretary Foy and
the chief wharfinger to carry Into effect
the orders of the board and prevent any
of the firms whose selling permits were
revoked from doing any more business
on the wharves of the State in this
city.
Secretary Foy called aloud the names
of the parties that were cited to ap r
pear. No one answered.
Attorney Reinstein went on reading
legal documents and made no response.
His attitude in behalf of the wholesale
produce men was outlined by the an
swer that had been submitted by him
In writing for each of the firms. No
testimony was brought In relative to
selling or refusing to sell perishable
products on the State wharves. Only
two witnesses appeared. These were
Nick Fundas, a retail dealer- in pro
duce on Third street, anc J. D. Graves
of 122 Ninth street.
Fundas testified in accordance with
the statements made by him In an affi
davit filed last week. The allegations
contained in the affidavit of Fundas and
also the affidavit of Graves were made
the basis of specific charges relative to
the refusal of wholesale dealers to sell
perishable products in their places of
business to Fundas and Graves on the
ground that these two persons were
not members of the Retail Fruit Deal
ers' Association.
Fundas testified that, he ,' had • been
refused goods for which' he was ready
to pay the cash price at the 'Stores of
G. Berti & Co., Garcia & Maggini and
Mitchell & Goodall. Graves testified
to a like experience at the store of
Ivancovich & Co. >
If your board has any charge of violation of
said law by a refusal of the «ald firm to sell
puch products on State property we deny that
charge and are prepared to answer it upon ths
production of such a charge.
In reply to the charse made before eaid
board against Faid firm of violation of the law
referred to in said charge by a refusal to sell
jeriehable products at the place of business of
paid firm the said firm denies the right or Ju
risdiction of eaid board to Investigate or regu
late tales not on the property of the State of
California.
HEARING XEW CASES.
W r hen the proceedings before "the
Harbor Commissioners were opened
yesterday in the ferry building there
were very few persons present with the
exception of the commissioners, their
attorney and attaches of the board and
newspaper men. Attorney J. B. Reln
ste>n was present and paid strict at
tention to what was done In one case
and then went away. He took the
ground in an answer to the citations to
his clients to appear that the board had
no Jurisdiction to investigate or regu
late sales that do not take place on
the property of the State and also de
nied any charge of violation of the
Woodward law by refusal to sell per
ishable products on the State wharves.
The denial in the case of each firm
cited to appear was identical in sub
stance and was as follows:
The board then proceeded to consider the
evidence In the case, and after due considera
tion of the same found that said charges
against the plaintiff had been established by
the evidence and were true, and adjudged that
its said permit should be revoked and can
celed, and it then and there revoked and can
celed the same, with revocation and cancella
tion are the same complained of by plaintiff.
timony in said matter of said charges, where
upon the said John G. Wetmore and others
not parties to the proceedings were called as
witnesses, were questioned upon the subject
of raid charces and each made statements
enncrrnins the same and thereupon the tukinj."
of testimony was closed.
Later in the day Attorney Davis filed
the answer nf the Harbor Commission
ers in the Wetmore case. In this an
swer it was denied that the Wetn.ore
Bros, never received any notice of vio
lation of the Woodward law and of the
agreements contained in the permit is
sued to the firm by the Harbor Com
missioners.
"On the contrary," bo reads the an
swer, "prior to the cancellation of raid
permit they (the Harbor Commission
ers) gave to said plaintiff due notice
that it was c harged with a violation of
the agreements contained in its paid
application for said permit; and that
at a time and place stated in said no
tice said board would investigate such
charge and sive it a hearing; that such
notice and hearing: were duly g-iven
and had at Fame time and place so
noticed, as aforesaid."
Concerning the hearing that took
place just prior to the taking from
Wetmore Bros, of their permit to sell
on the State wharves, the answer says
In part:
That en December 3. 19C3, the eaid board
proceeded Trlih Fuch Investigation and hear
ir.K, said plaintiff appearing by its secretary,
John G. Wetmore. and its attorney, J. R.
F.einrteln: and other parties eharg-ed with
like violation of like agreements also appear
ing, the plaintiff and taid other parties pre
sented to and had r.led with this board their
Joint answer. That afti»r the reading 1 of eaid
tmwer the board proceeded to take tes-
Two rroves of interest were made
yesterday relating to the enforcement
of the Woodward law, the purpose of
which is to discourage discrimination
and conspiracy in the sale and purchase
cf perishable produce. The Harbor
Commissioners revoked the permits to
sell on the wharves of the State in this
city, earlier issued to L. G. Sresovich
& Co., Mitchell & Goodall, Ivancovich
& Co.. G. Berti & Co. and Garcia &
Magginl. wholesalers. The Commis
sioners last week revoked the permits
cf Wolf & Sons, Wetmore Brothers, L.
Bcatena & Co. and McDonough & Run
7cn. making altogether nine wholesale
firms that have lost their permits.
The four last named firms have se
cured from the Superior Court a tem
porary injunction to restrain the Har
bor Commissioners from interfering
with their selling perishable products.
Very likely the five firms that Io3t
their permits yesterday will also go
into court. Attorney W. H. Davis in
formed the Harbor Commissioners yes
terday of bis plan for meeting the
court proceedings already taken by the
wholesale produce dealers. He had pre
pared an answer to the suits in the Su
perior Court against the board in the
case of Wetmore Bros, and demurrers
in the cases of Wolf & Sons, L,. Sca
tena & Co. and McDonough & Runyon.
Attorney Davis explained to the Com
missioners that the matter at issue
could be reached more quickly by fil
ing an answer and pressing for an
early hearing than by moving directly
for a dissolution of the temporary in
junctions against the board. The Com
missioner? agreed with him and au
thorized him. on his own suggestion, to
associate with him in the case Judge
E. A. Davis and to request Attorney
General Webb to also *act with him in
defense of the Woodward law.
FLUES AX ANSWER.
Board Makes Answer in Court
and Requests the Attorney
General and Other Counsel
to Help Fight for the Law
WHOLESALERS AGAIX
DEXY JURISDICTION
Harbor Commissioners Revoke
Permits to Use Wharves of
State for Sale of Products
and Dealers Receive Notice
FIVE MORE
FIRMS ARE
UNDER BAN
CHARGE THREE
WITH MURDER
Police Jail Highbinders Who
Are Accused of Killing Gee
Gum at Chinese Theater
F0UK OTHERS ARE TAKEX
Officers, Unable to Budge
Door, Break Hole Through
Wall of Eoom With Sledges
The big, stasre. of the Grand Opera
house will enable the scenes to be given
with remarkable realism. The appar
atus will- run out on Jessie street and
then turn and come on at a gallop in
The first part will be descriptive of
a "midnight alarm." The bells will
sound for an "Inside box" and the fire
men will respond. They will jump from
their beds, put on their working clothes,
slide down the poles to the apparatus,
hitch the prancing horses and dash off
to the flre. .
There will be scenes .'Showing the in
terior of an engine-house, with its ap
paratus, horses, • sliding poles, tele
graphic Instruments," bells,, harness and
sleeping quarters of the men.'
Opera-house for the entire week, com
mencing with the performance next
Sunday afternoon. The regular attrac
tion, "The Little Outcasts-win beplay
ed by a New York company, but the
firemen will be the principal feature of
the bill.
Three flghtins men of the Hop Sing
tong have been positively identified' as
the murderers of Gee Gum, the musi-.
clan at the Chinese theater on Wash
ington street, shot and killed an Sat
urday night in. the presence of an au
dience of about 500 Chinese while play-
Ing in the orchestra on the stage.
The names of those arrested are Man
Lick, Lee Sem, alias Ah Hong, and
Louie Yow, alias Ah Wing. They were
arrested with four others in one room.
Late Monday night Detective George
McMahon and Sergeant Sylvester of
the Chinatown squad discovered that
several highbinders belonging to the
Hop Sing tong were making their head
quarters in a room in '• the building at
609 Dupont street. Yesterday morn
ing McMahon and Policemen Earle and
Owens of the Chinatown squad ' went
to the room and demanded admittance.
There was no response.
KNOCK HOLE IX WALL.
Owens and Earle were armed with
heavy sledge hammers and they tried
to batter down the door, but found
their efforts useless, a^ it was firmly
bolted and barred and covered with
sheet metal. They were determined
to force an entrance and attacked the
wall near the door with the sledge
hammers. The Chinese had made the
door much stronger than the wall and a
hole big enough for a man to crawl
through was soon made in the latter.
McMahon was the first to go through
the hole and he was followed by
Owens and Earle. Seven Chinese were
found in bunks, feigning to be asleep.
They were lined up against the wall
and searched, but no weapons were
found on them. A search was then
made of the room and a big revolver,
a Winchester rifle and a sandbag were
found. The search was continued and
under the flooring four more big re
volvers were found and two boxes of
cartridges. About fifty pawn tickets
were also discovered.
IDENTIFIED AS MURDERERS.
The police took possession of the
weapons and other articles and
marched the seven men, who were rec
ognized as notorious highbinders of the
Hop Sing tong, to the City Prison,
where they were placed In the tanks.
The names of the four not charged
with murder are Sup Poy, Louie Bing,
Lu Gin and How Soo Chy. The last
named Is a photographer at 17 Spofford
alley and it was in the doorway of his
place that a Sen Suey Ying man was
full view of the audience.
The second scene will show a three
story house on flre, with a squad of
Chief "Wittman's policemen handling
the crowds. The flre apparatus will get
to work, hose will be coupled, water
pumped, ladders and trucks run up and
everything done as at a real fire.
The most exciting part of the pro
gramme will be the "life-saving" scene.
Imprisoned men and women will be
brought down from the building by the
firemen, who will crawl up with Pom
pier scaling ladders. Women will jump
from the top of the building into life
saving nets held by the firemen and,
with the exception of the "stage
flames," the whole scene will be just
as real as the work done at a genuine
conflagration.
Chief Sullivan and Assistant Chief
Dougherty are working hard to make
the affair a success. The men and
horses are now training at the theater
and there will be a private rehearsal
next Friday for the press.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, , . D.ECEMBER 16, 1903.
Exciting Display to Be Given at Grand Opera-House in
Aid of Widows' and Orphans' Association in Which
Apparatus and Trained Horses Will Be Utilized
FIRE SCENES WILL THRILL
PATRONS OF BIG BENEFIT
The flre scenes to be presented by
picked men of the Fire Department at
their big benefit for the "Widows' and
Orphans' Aid Association at the Grand
Opera-house next week will be the
most thrilling ever seen upon a stage
here. V
The firemen have secured the Grand
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Commencing this dan, December
16th, we will place on Special Sale
about 2700 Bards Noveltu Silks at
These Silks are in Noveltn Stripes,
Ghecks and Brocaded Effects, Are
in a good varietu of colorings, in-
cluding Black and White, and are
verg suitable for Ladies' Waists and
Skirts, The former prices were
$1.00, $1,25, $1,50 and $1.75 Bard.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
TO BUY
KAST'S SHOES
HALF PRICE
TheCreditors say they
must have the money
right away— no matter
what becomes of the
shoes.
. . COME . .
At once and save money
on your shoes, as we are
going to wind up this
sale as soon as possible.
A full line of LADIES* and •*
GENTLEMEN'S SLIPPERS
suitable for Christmas Gifts are
included in this sale.
104-110 GEARY STREET
A. JOSEPH, Receiver
OPEN EVENINGS
I "TO SEE OURSELVES"!
Dainty Princess j&s&s. " QSOthCFSSCC §
Ciieval Dressing /mS^^ US these 1
Table in the f am- >WMw/M>v rfa'vQ \uo 1
'dus Chippendale Jff||L nc^ mt I
design. A long nf/M^ ™* I
French p I a t e •/// 1 III il m ror.AndthC 1
B bevel glass thaf jiff It |i mirror that i
I swings to' any m] !l llj" jl OHCC Was a I
I angle like a clre- III/ h 'j- i JJ flatterer to §
| valmirror, an ex- \m i! I I J.I niir vanitv ic fl
1 quisitely curved 111 ' / f jj J«£ ™ "Jg «* |
1 piano -polished M\ / ///if HOW a COH- |
1 top and daintily \TO fjl Science to |
I twisted legs M A -HIS our pride. It 1
I make up oneof . WU/g/ 'ml threatens I
I l^p,rettiest jJ^^VL US if we dO 1
I fered. In Wig^ "^^Ml there IS |
I Q f' lal i| \1 c%PTnn iil H friend 1
J;l^\V:.y.$27S- llthajiks J
1 " The Credit House " 233-235-237 Post. St. I
i Weathered OaK 1
j Flemish Oak 1
\ Golden OaK
1 Furniture
j 20% DISCOUNT I
i From Regular Prices £
DINING-ROOM 8
FURNTTUBE |
\ BEDROOM FURNTTUBE §
ji LffiBABY FUBNITURE |
I HALL FURNITURE |
jj CHAS. M. PLUM & CO. |
1 Ninth and MarKet Streets 1
1
Christmas Is Coming
Children Want Toys
Here Is wh»re the youngsters' drrams of
Santa Claus are materialized and at prtc»s
that are most attractive to parents. Stock
Is entirely new and teems wtUJ up-to-dat«
novelties.
\
Have you seen our Christmas
Boxes of Groceries? 7resh Sta-
ples and Delicacies in plain cases
ready for prompt delivery. 52^0 to
S1O.OO.
Vie supply anything for your house or
yourself. Durlns your Xmas shopping,
drop In for a sample cup of our Tea or
Ccffee.
OPEN EVENINGS. •
Smith's Cash Store
25-27 Market St.
ADVEBTISE2CENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.