PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, S A TTJKDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
VQJL-UJyiE XCIV-^O. 34.
DIPLOMATS
WILL MEND
THE BREACH
paited States and
ffeissta Are Not
IP toy Clash.
3?a£e ; of; the Hebrew
S^ : I^eidtioH Now in
WM : Doubt,
Jtesident May Decide That
:^lt ;Sliali Not Be Sent
Wrl :•- to the. Czar.
•.-'.-"'. : Special Dispat-ch to The Call.
• XrA^HCCGT©^". July 3.— "We are not
ifeqrptt^fed •at the Russian note regarding
I.*e "eenisJng of ! the reposed petition to
.Tbe.tzaJ-.'/ ¦ ¦ ; -
.: -.This .Is the only statement as to the
'attitude of tb'e American government ob
.yajha&le. to-day regarding the cable from
.&t".-.-P(*erburg .outlining the Russian pol
;£*• :'¦. '"• •• . :. •¦' .
'¦ :.r: .r" Jtussia. will, "Ignore the. reference of
; Pj-esjdc^t Roosevelt, to Manchuria as be
lr^g-the hasty. action of the moment taken
•«fth,6ut c the knowledge of the Secretary
'o£ Star* -and wfthout the sanction of the
people." .
•This epitomize^.: the. position of the Rus
,_sJ4n c go\err.ment as.it is understood here.
LJip.lomatic relation* will not be broken off
.between, the two countries. There indeed
' ta^s "been no "thought of such an extreme
•Ftep- c tt any development should occur
a"s..a-resull of It. ; it will probably be dis
"t.rrnevl in the. far. East. There is no cer
*amty about that, however. But Peking,
salher than Washington, will be the place
"fi look) tr> for-
"The R.UFsiarj 'government retains the be
lief thaf »he connection of the American
note *of- Wednesday 6f the presentation of
the ."Hebrew petition with the negotia
..tifvj* at Peking, -relative to Manchurlan
pojts^ does not "bear the indorsement of
American" public opinion. When this gov
crnm'eftt .issued., ttiat statement, it was
«.r.Op4* the lmnr*«sioh that RilssU had in
»ended -to : annourtre /.nictelly througn the
preSs Us policy not to receive petitions
presented •to it which relate in any way
t.o^her, lnternal affairs.
.That -statement announced that the
•UnKed States would not take cognizance
of. Aiiy*-notlce. served by the Russian gov
•emnaent. unless^ it was addressed directly
to* t.he Sfate Department, h can be an
nounced tfiat Ein>e the Rus^ljan bulletin
.appeared in the 'afternoon papers of Wed
•Pfsda-y,* which caused the sudden an
'iip"uncemerrt- of --our willingness to be
puided by unoßicial . newspaper reports,
.th.c. State 'Drpaftmi-nt of the United
.States *jas^becft directly though unofflc
.iariy-'informed- that the Russian govern
m^^.t would not pcceive from the United
>fctates..a*iy petition relating to the inter
nal[effairs of Russia. This statement is
ari addition to th»t issued by the Foreign
oOpc to-day, in which Russia hopes that
America xv^ll not in\lte such a flight as
:». refusal to receive a petition forwarded
•.tlJrougH. the American embassy.
>'• Jhe'pFteld«»nt now knows through dip
.V.hvitic, channels how distasteful the
i.end!r.g of this petition will be to Russia.
Whether he will, be influenced remains to
be;fsern: 'Count .Casslni. th^ Russian Em
:^ssador,;.i.s -continuing his preparations
•for - departure" on' leave Tuesday.
COUNT BONI MUST
REDEEM HIS NOTES
Anna Gould's Husband Borrows
Money to Pay His Debts of Honor
and Tries to Evade Repayment
THE LATE JAY GOULD'S TITLED
SON-IN-LAW. -WHO IS AGAIN IN
FINANCIAL WOE.
GIANT BEAR
MAKES FIGHT
WITH MEN
Infuriated Animal
Nearly Kills
Master.
PARIS. July S.-The First Civil
Tribunal to-day heard the argu
ments in th<* suit brous!U against
Count Boni de Castellane by a
hojder of bills to the amount of
$16,000. drawn by Count Boni to the order
of the Marquis de Dion. The latter had
previously explained to the court that he
loaned Count Boni JSO.OOO to meet debts of
honor, and received the bills in exchange.
Fhe claim was for a portion of thes* bills,
which is outstanding. Count Boni con
tended that a technical irregularity .In
drawing thorn up invalidated the bills.
The tribunal adjudged that Count Boni
and the Marquis de Dion must, conjoint
ly. Pay the jfe.OOO. . ?
BULGARIANS
ARE WARNED
TO BEHAVE
BIDS iOR TUNNEL THROUGH
: . THE CONTINENTAL DIVIDE
.Will Cost About §1,000,000 and Is
•to• Be Two and a Half
Miles Long.
DENVER. Colo.. July 3.-Bids for bor
ing the big tunnel through the Conti
nental Divide*- for the Moffatt road were
opened to-day by General Manager Rfdge-
V-ay and -Chief Engineer Sumner of the
.Colorado r rtah . Construction Company,
Guilders of the railroad, but the fortu
nate bidder wijl not be announced for
several -days. ; -
.The bids, numbering fourteen, will be
tabulated" and claFsifled. Each will be
thoroughly investigated and this will re
quire considerable time. Mr. Ridgeway
sa"|d that be did not believe this work
q'ould be finished before Tuesday. The es
timated cost of the tunnel is $1,000,000, and
it Will be .two and a half mile? in length.
On. July . .10 actual construction of the
rtiajn line of- the MolTatt road will begin.
The first rails will i>e laid at Utah June-
BJSCOJJTINUES CONTEACT
••• WJTH LETTER-BOX MAKERS
•By Department Order Local Concern
'¦'¦ . Loses- Uncle Sam as a
• ' . . . Customer.
. WASHINGTON. July 3.— An order has
¦been issued at the Postofflce Department
dißcontSnulng the contract with the Pos
tUl.Device and Improvement Company for
ttif purchase of devices for indicating the
h&urß of collection of mail from letter
boxes. The order. took effect July L This
ia the company in whose behalf, it la al
>eed. Representative Loud of California
vi.sited the Postofflce Department It is a
California concern and has furnished
thousands of the devicea . to the postal
service. .' '*:"• :i ' T
Eagland Wants No American Hogs.
LOMXDN. July .3.— A new order of the
Beard of Agriculture was gazetted, to
flay.. revising previous orders and prohib
iting. the landing In Great Britain of aay
Bogs from the United States, besides pro
hibiting the importation of cattle from
Cew England. The order goes into ef
ect.July L
Europe Will Curb
Warlike Spirit .
of Turks.
VIENNA. July 3.— On receiving the Bul
garian note on Wednesday protesting
against the massing of Turkish troops on
the Bulgarian frontier and accusing Tur
key of seeking an international conflict.
Count Goluchowski, the Austrian Chan
cellor, stated emphatically that the pow
ers would never allow Turkey to attack
Bulgaria, but warned Bulgaria that
should she provoke hostilities she would
lose the sympathy and support of all
Europe.
A similar intimation has been conveyed
to Bulgaria from St -Petersburg,
FORMER GOVERNOR SAYS HE
REFUSED BRIBE OF $100,000
St. Louis . Boodle Investigation Re
veals New Chapters of His*
tory of Graft.
ST. LOUIS, July 3.— Evidence gathered
by Circuit Attorney Folk In the boodle In
quiry to-day discloses that while Gov
ernor of Missouri . Lon V. Stephens, now
vice president of .the Missouri Trust Com*
pany of St. Louis, was offered $100,000
worth of Transit 'stock If he signed the
bill which legalized the consolidation of
all St. Louis street* railways, with the ex,
ception of the Suburban,' and .the further
sum of J20.0G0 If he would. appoint James
J. Butler, son of /Colonel" Ed Butler, Ex
cise Commissioner of St. Louis.
The former Governor declared that both
propositions were refused. ¦ • ,
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
NEW. YORK; July 3.— Attacked by an
infuriated "tried" bear, which he had ex
hibited in public thousands of times and
believed to be tame. WtllUm Winscher
mann, an animal trainer, would have
been killed this morning in a stable in
West Eighteenth street had not help
promptly reached him. It was only after
a desperate battle that the animal was
driven with iron bars from the prostrate
form of its master.
Wlnschermann owns several bears,
which he has trained. He went to the
stable to greet his pets. All seemed glad
to see him except Tony, a big cinnamon.
The animal was ma bad mood, but Wln
schermann paid no heed and took him
from a barrel box, in which he was kept,
to give him a bath. Tony growled omi
nously during this proceeding, but showed
no disposition to attack his master until
Winschermann chained him to his cage
irfid gave him. a piece of sugar. As the
trainer turned to walk away Tony leaped
upon him.
In an instant the giant animal had
forced him to the - floor and began lo
claw him. -The only person near was
George Griffiths, son of the owner of the
stable. Seizing an iron. bar, he made a
dash at the beast. With a swing of its
paws the bear knocked the bar from his
grasp and again attacked Winschermann.
With angry growls he tore at his master,
inflicting terrible lacerations on his arms,
legs and chest.
j By this time the street was thronged
with an excited crowd. Good fortune
seemed to favor Griffiths, for he managed
to land half a dozen powerful blows upon
the bear's head, temporarily stunning the
animal. Several other stablemen who
had been attracted by the uproar dragged
Winschermann to safety. 'Policeman
Hanifby summoned Dr. Thorne from" the
New York Hospital and, the Jnjured man
was taken to the institution. -His condi
tion Is critical. Winschermann is 36 years
old. ": v ¦ :-
Kaiser Summons Yon Kheinbaben.
BERLIN. July 3.— Emperor William has
sumironed I*-- •, yon Rhelnbaben, the
Prussian Minister of Finance, to Tave
muend.-on the Baltic coast., to report on
the ; latter'a • recent tour of the United
States.' • ¦ ¦¦'•¦'_ - ' ¦ , ;
Testify to Xnapp's Insanity.
- HAMILTON,: Ohio," July 3.— ln the trial
of Alfred A.Knapp to-day his two sisters,
Mrs. , Martha Reiss and Mrs. Sadie Wen
zel of. Cincinnati." confirmed many of -the
Incidents Vat , career _ tehdinir to
prove his insanity. "
POWER SEND
FINAL ORDER
TO CHINESE
Sharp Note Issued
by Britain and
Japan.
— — ! — » '
Russians Must Leave
Manchuria With
out Delay.
..•:¦;/.'; • - *l ¦,;-:•; ' .-
Prince Ching .Advises the
Empress Dowager to
Grant Demands.
ODESSA, July 3.— According to advices,
received by the St. Petersburg, newspaer,
Svet, from "Japan, the* .British and
Japanese Ministers at Peking have pre
sented a note to the Chinese Government
in the following terms: ;•! ¦¦•-.; . ¦
First— Russia's occupation of, Manchuria
threatens the maintenance of peace in the
Far East and injures the Interests of
England and Japan. ..;
Second— lf the departure of the Russians
from Manchuria is Indefinitely postponed,
England and Japan must' proceed to pro
tect their interests. .; •"."• ¦ •
Third— China must demand from Rus
sia the immediate ¦ evacuation ,of Man
churia. ';•..'¦ - . ¦ :
Fourth — Great ¦: Britain and. .Japan
acknowledge ¦no treaty between Russia,
and China which does not' bind Russia to
evacuate -Manchuria. ¦"
Fifth— lf. after the evacuation of Man
churia, a treaty between China and Rus
sia with respect to the civil administra
tion of Manchuria is deemed necessary,
such treaty can only, be concluded- with
the approval of Great Britain and Japan.
Sixth— A reply to this note is demanded
within five days. ¦ "V ¦. ,; ¦'.•
Prince Chine, president of the Foreign
Board, adds the Svet, has counseled* the
Empress Dowager, to accept the. Anfflo-
Japanese demands and has also requested
United States Minister Conger to give
them his support., .'r,.-. '-.¦ ..
GOES ATQ;f tORT.; A'RTHUE;;
Russian Minister to China .TakeiTpa
parture From Tientsin. "- .
TIENTSIN; , July 3:-M. Lessar. 'the
Russian Minister to China, proceeded yee T
terday to Port Arthur. . The Japanese.po
litical- agent here- declares that tlic're
port to the. effect that -his Government
had recalled all the officers of the Japan
ese reserves who are on leave of ; absence
In North China. ls unfounded. He -adds
that though Japan 1h prepared for war
she has no id?a of paralyzing trade by
recalling 1 the Japanese who are In civil
employment in China.
PORT ARTHUR. Liao Tung Peninsula,
July 3.— M. Pavloff, the Russian Minister
to Korea, has arrived here and "is await
ing the arrival of M. Lessar, the ' Ru
ssian Minister to China. : ' :ft-t* :
HAY MAY RETIRE.
Secretary of State Said to Be Weary
.of Diplomacy!
NEW YORK, July 3.-A Washington
special to the; press says:
Unless there is a-deflnite clearing up of
the diplomatic situation in its relation to
Russian affairs, it will not be surprising
if ths present Secretary of State, . John
Hay, . retires from the Cabinet. Retire
ment was hinted at in different directions
to-day.
In the absence from the city of Hay
and all of his Cabinet associates it . was
impossible 'to obtain either affirmation or
denial of the suggested step. It has been
realized for a long time that Hay has
had a distinct and, definite ambition In
closing out his public career, arid that it
is to prevent the 1 partition of China. and
to get an arrangement which would make
such a division of the empire Impossible
for many years,, or, if divided,, would in
sure to the United States a perpetual open
door. . : . ...
Hay has told his friends he believed fu
ture generations would bless him ' more
for securing a, permanent open-door in
the Far East' thari^ anything it would be
possible forhlm to do in his public career.
Hay took a radical departure from the
methods of diplomacy followed"*by public
men of this country when he announced
this open door policy. Since that time he
has led in .many, things. In all.negotiaT
tlons in the Far East he has sought to
make his- pronouncement prophetic ;it
Is understood; here -that 'the President did
not consult Hay, before, letting the official
statement regarding the. breach ; between
this .country and, Russia* go out.>. .
Cincinnati; bishops .
name thbee candidates
Meet at . . Grand Bapids to - Select
Bishop -for Vacant See of •
; .' Columbus. " ;.."; '"¦'.' '
GRAND . RAPJDS, ; Mich. . J uly . 3.— The
bishops of the j Cincinnati ! province |of the
Roman Catholic 'churchy met at the ; resi
dence of Bishop Rlchtef to-day foV the
purpose of 'naming three candidates" for
the vacant' see- 'of .Columbusi* Ohio. J The
deliberations* were* secret * arid the result
was" not announced.*. One of the* persons
prominently mentioned outside of the con
ference was' Father ll.'O'Mara of Colum-"
busj who heads , the' list, of .; candidates
chosen >by" the priests, of ...the. Columbus
diocese. ; ; •¦• 'M ¦ "^- • ; ¦ ;
Money or -Famine ' Sufferers.
AVAStriNGTON, - July Upon "inquiry
from . the" Christian ; Herald •of • New York
as* to^whettier'more .'money was"' needed'
for. the famine - aiiff erers ¦in ¦ China. Minis
ter t Coriger.'atjPekingi has ' in <the
affirmative and- the paper has contributed
an additional ' ttO.OOk jj^pMflHfflfflflMll
NAME OF THE KING
AROUSES THEIR IRE
Crowd at a Meeting of the Cor
poration of Dublin Causes a Tu*
mutt and Lord Mayor Departs
EXECUTIVE' oV- THE IRISH CAPI
TAL WHO.. RESENTED 'INSULTS
TO THE KING. — ' *
/y^UBLIN. July 3.— A special mcet
¦M g Ing "of the" Corporation of Dublin
a .B to-day, called to consider" the
•¦¦^^ proposal to presentan address to
King Edward on his approaching
visit to Ireland, was broken uo by an
uproar In the public galleries. •
The Lord. Mayor. Timothy C. Harring
ton.-finding he could not quell the dis
turbance, abruptly left the chair and ad
journed the meeting. - The people In the
gallery then sang "God Save Ireland"
and cheered for Ireland Incessantly until
removed by the officials. . • . ••'. ,
SEND FORTH
ADDRESS TO
THE PEOPLE
CLAY HOLDS
THE HOUSE
WITH GUNS
AgedKentuckianls
111 but Defies^ :
Doctors.
\ LEXINGTON, Ky.. , July \ 3.— General
Casslus M. Clay is to-night. apparently se
riously..ill In a.room in his 'mansion at
Whitehall, in Madison County. '"
Major R. S. Bullock, cashier of the Fay
ette National Dank of this city, a lifelong
friend, of General Clay, received ~a 'mes
sage.' yesterday: from -the general's body
guard," ," Joe " Perkins, , saying . that ' the
general had asked fojytt' physician ' to ' b«
sent to his bedside.., _Majqr 'Bullock ¦ re
sponded immediately, b and,-, ; within two
hours he" had ' Dr. ' W. O. * Bullock of thfs
city arid Dr.' Thomas Bullock.of Wuisville
in the f front ; yard of the' general's .r«'si
dence.- "That is as far. as they.went.' t as
.General' Clay "issued j orders > to . his. per
vanta.not' to allow' them to enter under
any circumstances and after two hours
of pleading they returned to this city. •
Perkins told the . doctors -, that • General
Clay was seated on his. bed; with 'two re
volvers by his sldeand a rifleln his hands
arid would riot let 1 any "one enter. General
Clay , had. Perkins telegraph \to .his
nephew, . Green Clay Goodloe of .Washing
ton,, to come and see : him, but\ when
Goodloo arrived the general refused -to al
low -him .1 to enter {_and ; he .returned to
Washington without seeing. his uncle.' .
According "to reports from' the servant.
General: Clay, eats and, sleeps . well,; but
calls constantly; for his; former child. wife,
Dora Clay! Brock/. whose , last . husband
died ; last „ Sunday arid^ who has ' promised
the general " to ; return ' to .¦Whitehall.". 1 1 < is
believed.by many. that s the return of. Dora
will .' restore , the ."general's ; good ;' temper.'
If she ; refuses •to '• return 1 to , him ; his , rela
tives c will ;use force if, necessary, to? send
him -.toia I ! sanitarium for;treatment."Gen
eral Clay :ls 97 years old. • . ¦ -.• t
Colored men Assert
That They Are
Wronged.
. LOUISVILLE. Ky.. July 3.— The clos
ing day's .session . of the Afro- American
council was marked chiefly by the presen
tation of resolutions embodying an ad
dress to the % country at large on the race
problem. The' address on the whole is
temperate In tone. After its adoption the
convention adjourned sine die. The ad
dress is in part as follows:
"We recognize -with pleasure the friend
ly relation that has all along existed be
tween • the best people of the white race
and' our own. and we sincerely desire that
nothing may be permitted to intervene
to mar this relation. Still we are confi
dent that no one who notes carefully the
signs of .the time can fail to discover that
there arc influences at work in nearly
every part of the land to accomplish .this
very end.
. '"As to. mob violence, It Is gratifying to
note that- for -the past -year or two the
number -of victims show, a decided de
crease,' and while all these were not mem
bers.of our race."* the vast majority was.
but', 'notwithstanding . this fact we should
not feel; called > upon to discuss the mat
ter, at all; at this time were It not that
although; the '.'number of victims is de
creasing^, the, provocations which lead up
to this" actT of ; violence' are growing more
Insignificant and numerous. It Is not an
unusual' thing to 'read these days of ne
groes-being, lynched for Impudence, reius
infj'to. obey,^ striking a white man, etc.
We f ask? ln} all; sincerity, .'ls this Amer
ican? ; Is. it right r
-"It is- now clearly ; evident that the pur
pose of those' who first started in ostensi
bly *to "disfranchise the; ignorant negro
Has' been 'broadened and strengthened.
Their "pufpo'se- now Includes almost all
negroes. .In. certain of -the States this
result- has- already been achieved and
thousands of qualified men are denied
positively and 1 absolutely "the right to
vote." ; In; sueh ', States . taxation * without
representation « prevails as it - did when
England held control over the American
colonies. ••"VVe make", no objection to the
disf rarichisement' of ; the ' ignorant negro,
provided theVame, class "of the other race
are similarly' dealt with. * Our contention
is' not for special 'but* equal privileges."
Count \Paoloa Campello Is Dead.
..ROME, Au!y"3. — Count Paoloa Campello
is dead. . The "deceased ~was* r at [""on? time
Canon ;' of < St.^Peter's,- but he ; abandoned
Catholicism " and ' preached in violent lan
guage ' against 'the Vatican in Italy. Eng
land" and'Amerlca.'. He recently recanted,
did \ penance and- was restored - to 'the
priesthood. l \* ',
ANOTHER NEGRO LYNCHED
BY A SOUTHERN MOB
North Carolinans Take a Colored
s * Criminal From Officers and
Hang Him.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, July 3.— John Os
borne. a negro who criminally assaulted
and afterward robbed Miss Lizzie Entz, a
white, woman, aged 40, at her home in •
Union County last Sunday, was taken
from officers while en route to jail^and*
hanged by a mob of unknown men. ,
CBATER OF VESTJVTUS
AFLAME AND ROARING
Volcano Becomes More Active .and
Visitors Are Not Allowed
at Summit.
ROME, July 3.— For. some time past
Vesuvius has been In a state of moderate
activity. It has now become Intensely ir
ruptlve and visitors are not allowed to
approach the crater.
POLICE MAKE HASTE
TO SCENE OF A RIOT
DENVER. July 3.— A riot at the Grant
smelter* ls reported and fifteen policemen
have been sent to the scene. No details
or the affair are known as yet.
News was received ia this city yester
day that the cable steamer Anglla had
arrived oft Honolulu on her voyage from
Midway Island and that she had laid the
shore end of the Pacific Commercial
cable.
That connection completed the circling
of the globe and President Roosevelt will
be able to talk to Governor Tait or send
an earth-girdling dispatch to Secretary
Hay. who will not be far away. Thus the
threat of Shakespeare's fairy. Puck,
who declared he would put a girdle
around the earth in forty minutes, will
be outdone on the cation's natal day. and
Emerson's couplet:
For we can teach the Ughtolnc speech.
And round the globe our voices reach.
—Will be realized as the fruits of Ameri
can enterprise.
To-day the President will celebrate tha
Fourth by formally sending the first mes
sage over the great cable to Governor
Taft at Manila, and the Governor will
send a patriotic and congratulatory mes
sage- from Manila to the President at his
residence. Oyster Bay. L. I.
It Is the President's purpose to transmit
a message of greeting which will travel
completely around the world and reach
Clarence Mackav In New York. Experts
estimate that the message will circle the
globe in four minutes.
• Felicitous messages will be next ex
changed between. President Roosevelt and
King Edward VII and Emperor William.
*July 15 Is the day fixed for opening the
cable offices for public service. The cable
tolls will be $1 a word, with half rates
for Government messages.
The cost of laying and completing the
cable Is estimated at J12.000.000. The lay
ing of the. cable was accomplished by the
steamships Anglia and Colonia. The for
mer laid the sections from Manila to
Guam and from Midway to Honolulu, the
Colonia laying the section from Guam to
Midway.
From Manila to Guam the distance ia
1506 nautical miles; from Guam to Mill
way 2302 nilles; Midway to Honolulu 1160
miles,; Honolulu to San Francisco 2100
miles, making a total of; 7060 miles.
On account of Irregularities of the ocean
bottom 7 per cent has to be added for the
cable, the total length of which Is, there
fore. 7363 nautical miles, or about 8727
statute miles.
Lays the Shore End of the Pacific
Commercial Cable.
AUGLIA BEACHES IfcNOLULU.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OYSTER BAY, July 3.— Everything Is
in readiness for the opening: of the new
Pacific cable by the President to-morrow
morning. The wires are all ready and
there remains little to be done except for
the President to write a message to Gov
ernor Taft and another of congratulation
%o Clarence H. Mackay. president of the
Commercial Pacific Cable Company, on
the completion of the great work.
Mackay has offered to the. President,
the members of his Cabinet and to Rear
Admiral Royal T. Bradford, chief of the
Bureau of Equipment, the free use of the
new cable for the Fourth of July.
The rear admiral will -send a congratu
latory message to Lieutenant Commander
John Hood, commanding the gunboat El
Cano, now in Chinese waters, who wa3
executive officer of the Xero, which in
1839 made a survey for the cable route be
tween Honolulu and Marila. He- after
ward prepared charts which the Xavy De
partment turned over to the cable com
pany In return for valuable concessions
in the use of the cable.
Company Finishes Its Great
Work on Time Allotted
in the Contract.
Mackay Turns System
Over to Officials fat
This.
Roosevelt to Send
First Message
Across Wire.
CABLE LINE
TO MANILA
NOW READYPOPULAR YOUNG LADIES
WHO WILL RULE OVER IN
TERIOR CELEBRATIONS.
* PRESCOTT. : ArUona.", July 3.— Lou -Wagner,
a miner employed in .the prospect of Douglas,
Lacey & Co..' fell from a bucket to the bot
tom ; of a sixty-five foot = shaft while roine to
work to-day, and was killed, - ¦ \ ¦
- SAN DIEGO, '•: July 3.— The ferry-boat
Ramona, built at 'San Francisco for ser
vice between this city. • and ¦ Coronado
Beach, r arrived at noon, to-day.
Ramona Arrives at San 'Diego.
'WASHINGTON, July 3.— Rear. Admiral
Sumner, commanding the South Atlantic
Station, has requested that he be relieved
in September,, as he .will retire for, age
Jn December.'and desfrea to be at home
before that time. Secretary Moody will
Admiral Asks to Be Relieved.
Itching. , Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund your money If PAZO
OINTMENT fails to cure y.iu. 00 cents. •
A Guaranteed Cure for ; Piles.
The historic scenes of the laying of the
Mackay cable from SanH FranciscqSto
Manila have been .'depleted ¦by r 'the,.Wasp
In a special number.* which. is on sale by
all newsdealers. The workls^very Inter
esting and ' valuable,: as "the ' laying of the
Trans-Pacific cable is one of 'the" great
events In. the:. history of. San» Francisco
and the. Wasp pictures of .it .will la a few
years be valuable curiosities.-
The Cable Laying Illustrated.
GENEVA, Switzerland. July 3.— The re
lief party has rescued all the seven stu
dents of the university here -who had been
missing since Saturday last,' when they
started from. Chamonlx to ascend Mont
Blanc. The students reported that a hut
at the Aiguille . de Gouter in which - were
six of the party, was struck by lightning
on June 30, but they were not seriously
hurt.; ; ; r ' ¦• : ." ¦•.
Swiss Students Are Rescued.
SAN JOSE. July '.3.'— Judge Hylarid to
day ordered a judgment settling the
validity of the -deeds, grants and convey
ances of the Leland Stanford Jr/ Univer
sity.- The decree quiets title to' all the
lands ajid'property given. to the trustees
by Mrs; Jane L. Stanford. '¦'
Settles Validity of the Deeds.
WASHINGTON,, July 3.-An order was
issued at the War Department to-day di
recting that officers on duty In the de
partment may wear any clothing suitable
for tho warm weather. | Heretofore all of
ficers were obliged to wear the regulation
uniforms, which buttoned close around
the neck and were very warm.
War Department Officials Are
Permitted to Wear Warm
Weather Clothing.
WASHINGTON OFFICERS
MAY DOFF THE UNIFORM
CLINTON. Iowa. July 3.— While being
pursued by officers early to-day William.'
Monroe, icolored, shot and perhaps fatally
wounded Harry Benson cf' Jacksonville,
111., and seriously wounded Joe Ryan of
Clinton, innocent bystanders. Monroe is
from Jeffersonville, Mo., and is an-~at
tache of "a carnival company now exhib
iting here, He escaped.-
Negro Shoots Two lo wans.
PALO ALTO, July 3.— John Dudtlcld
and William Dean, lumber merchants bf
this city, have formed a corporation for
the purpose of erecting a new business
block here, to be used for offices and
stores. It will be a two-story brick and.
frame structure, 60 by 100 feet, and will
be built at an estimated cost of $35,000.
The lot on University avenue was pur
chased to-day for S6500._. .'*] .¦;• . ;
Flan Big Improvement at Palo Alto.
Charles W. Prince, the woman's father,
and her two brothers, /William and .Al
bert Prince, were charged with being.ac
complices. William Prince .was convicted
and the others are yet to be tried.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. July 3.— Lhlu
Prince Kennedy, under sentence of ten
years for the 4nurd>(r of her husband,
Philip. II. Kennedy, local agent of the
Merchants',Bispatch Transportation Com
pany..in January, 1901. was to-day grant
ed a- new trial by the State Supreme
Court. Mrs. Kennedy shot her husband a
month after they wero married and two
days after he had brought suit to. have
their marriage, which he asserted had
been forced, set aslcfe
Another Chance for Kansas City
Woman Convicted of Murder
ing Her Husband.
LULU PRINCE KENNEDY
¦ '%$ WILL HAVE A NEW TRIAL
"The Tammany Society, as a political
organization of vast importance, cannot
escape the responsibility which its powers
and its glorious traditions create. An In
the past it should continue to advocate
the rights of the people, and as it cele
brates. Independence day again It should
renew its determination to »erve the peo
ple-weir by .contributing all its power and
Influence to the cause of good govern
ment."
" NEW YOpK, July 3.— For the first time
In ten. years former President Cleveland
has written an Independence day letter
to Tammany. In it.he,«ays: •
Former President Tells the • New
York Society to Serve the
V' People /;>:
CLEVELAND WRITES
A LETTER TO TAMMANY
ST. T/DUIS, July 3.-Mrs. Jessie C. Me-
Cann, widow of the late James P. Me-
Cann, for whose murder "Lord" Barring
ton has been held to the Grand Jury, ap
plied to the Probate Court to-day for let
ters of administration of the estate of
her husband. Her application was con
tested by B. T. Hume of Lexington. . Ky.,
a brother-in-law of .James P. McCann,
and by Joseph McCann of Grove, I. T., a
brother of the murdered man. A com
promise was finally effected - by the ap
pointment of. Garrard Strode, Public Ad
ministrator, to administer the estate.
Wife of Murdered Man Applies for
Letters, but Application Is Suc
cessfully Contested.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR TO
HANDLE McCANN'S ESTATE
* . Iowa Killiohaire Dies Suddenly,
: tV.ATERI.bo/ W-a. July 3.— Millionaire
Andrew -MrElh^nnpy dropped de'ad of
? heart failure at his home here to-day.
SANTA ROSA. July 3.— The Native Sons
of the Golden "West are to celebrate Ad
mission day at old Sonoma town this
year, in honor of the recent purchase of
the old mission building and Its presenta-
Native Sons to Celebrate in Sonoma.
Glen Ellen Will Re Represented.
GLEN ELI^EN. July 3.— The Gleft Ellen
division of the Sonoma parad« wfll form
at El Verano at 9 a. m. sharp. A largs
tloat for Miss Ella Monahan, the Queen.
and her maids of honor was sent from
here this morning. A cavalcade of lady
and gentlemen riders. Glen Ellen Parlor
No. 102. Native Sons of the Golden West,
and Glen Ellen Grange No. 299 will taks
part in the parade.
SANTIAGO DK CHILE, July 3.'.— Ten
ders for the <r>ust ruction of th«? Trans-
Andean Railway wjll be. opened on May
1. 1504. .. / ;' '.. '.J-
• Railway Over the Andes.
ST. LOUIS. July 3.-Mrs. Minnie Gran
berry, Phillls Van Dusen and Rosa An
derson, women poker players, and John
J. J. Jones, Joseph Woods and James D.
Williams, their male companions, were
fined $10 each for indulging in the seduc
tive game by Judge Pollard of the Day
ton-street Police Court to-day.
The evidence disclosed that a poker
game, in which women were used Vo be
guile men to play, had been going on sev
eral months at the home of Mrs. Granber
ry. 2709 Washington avenue, Mrs. Gran
berry acting ai banker.
The arrests were made Saturday night,
when the place was raided. When the of
ficers rushed Into the room Mrs. Gran
berry grabbed the money and poker chips
from the table and threw them into a
closet, which sne locked. The officers
broke in the door of the closet and found
$2S-in bills and a large/ number of -poker
chips.- 'These wcro taken to the station
with the prisoners and the paraphernalia
was producVd in court to-day. Some of
the names given by the prisoners are fic
titious. " <¦• ¦'¦-"
Special Olcpatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 3.— Bloodstains on t^e
silewalk in front of a tailor shop on North
Clark street, a broken plateglass door and
a stolen express wagon, which was later
returned to its owner bespattered with
blood, are the nucleus of what the police
believe to be a murder mystery. The
wagon was driven to the police station
early to-day by its owner, Clarence Gil
more. According to the story told by Gil
more, the wagon was stolen from his
barn shortly before I a. m. and returned
three hours later by three men. The
right side of the wagon was stained with
blood and In many places short hair was
found in the clots of blood.
Later in the day A. M. Nelson, a Clark
street tailor, reported tHat the plateglass
door to his place was broken last night,
and that bloodstains appeared on the
steps and on the sidewalk in front of the
place. The stains could be traced around
the block and. back to the store door and
then leading north to Division sheet,
neaf where Gllmore's wagon was stolen.
All trace of the bloody trail was lost at
Superior street, several blocks south.
The watchman in tho vicinity said the
door must have been broken before 2
o clock, as at that hour he discovered it.
; . July 3.'— William Samp
son. whose home i» at El Casco, in this
was drowned to-day in a reser
*voir n<>ar here. Sampson went to the
reser\*oir for a swim and while he was
undressing he suddenly teppled over into
iiie 'water and was. drowned.
Falls Into Reservoir and Is Drowned.
GRASS VALLEY. July 3.— The city was
ablaze to-night In honor of the holiday
festivities, which have been given a mardi
gras character, and the .streets were
thronged with old and young In holiday
attire. A long procession filed through
the principal streets of the city and many
pretty floats were exhibited. King A. F.
Brady and Queen Miss Annie Lord held
high court. They headed the procession
in a red and gold float, behind which
came a float with their attendants. The
king and queen were crowned by Frank
lin K. Lane of San Francisco, who will
officiate as orator to-morrow. Many mer
ry maskers enjoyed themselves at the
grand ball. To-morrow witnesses the
joint celebration here with Nevada City
and It promises to be a magnificent affair.
Franklin K. Lane Crowns the King
and Queen.
GRASS VALLEY CELEBRATION.
Fair Gamblers Appear
in Police Court of
St. Louis.
Bloodstains and Broken
Glass Mystify Chi
cago Police.
tlon to the State. The parlors of this,
city. Napa. St. Helena. Healdsburg. Se
bastopol. Petaluma. and all others in the
immediate vicinity will bo represented on
that day. and it will b* made a memor
able event in the annals of celebrations
by members of the order in Northern Cal
ifornia. Santa Rosa parlor ia making
elaborate preparations for the celebration
of the day, 'and practically every member
will be in attendance.
SANTA ROSA. July 3.— James Cralf.
who was engaged in hauling ties for th«
railroad company at Gualala. was thrown
from his wagon while going down a
heavy grade. His left arm was fractured
at the elbow, and he was badly bruised
on the body. Craig drove to this city to
secure medical attention, taking two days
and one night to cover the distance.
Teamster Is Badly Injured.
OAKLAND, July.:3.— A; Japanese, sup
posed from papers found in | his "pockets
to be T. Yanashita of 504 Dupont street,
San Francisco, was run over, by "the 11
o'clock narrow-gauge train" to-night at
Eleventh and Webster streets and re
ceived Injuries which will probably prove
fatal. No one saw the accident 'occur,
but the shriek of the man as the train
passed over him caught the ear, of a
brakeman and .the train waa stopped.
Both legu of the Japanese had been taken
off at the knees and it is thought that
his skull is fractured. ,Tho police. patrol
was summoned and'he'iwas removed to
the Receiving Hospital;- It is supposed
that he came to Oakland to see the
street fair. He . muat have walked in
front of the. train or attempted , to board
it as It was moving and fell between the
wheels. 1 .
. ... +^.,j, ._
Japanese Loses Legs.
SAN JOSE, July 3.— The Pacific Coast
Association of Traffic Agents will hold
Its annual meeting at Paso Roblcs to
morrow. The following delegates, who
left San Francisco in special cars, passed
through here this evening en route to the
convention city:
G. W. Arbuckie and lady, agent Judson Al
ton excuitlon; F. E. Battura and lady. South
ern Pacific: Jules Clerfayt and- lady. Trans-
Siberian Railway; A. H. Abbott and lady, city
passenger agent Chicago and Northwestern;
Jay W. Adams and ladles, Paclfle' Coast pas
senic«r agent NickelDlater H. W. Adams and
lady, commercial agent Rock Island; W. W.
Brown and lady, traveling freight agent Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul at Sacramento;
D. T. Berry, Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul; O. J. Bradley and lady, commercial
Agent Southern Railway; C. XV. Colby, lady
and son. Erie Railroad; G. W. Colby and lady.
Great Xorthern Railway; A. S. Darrow, Colo
rado Midland; S. II. Dade, Northern Taclnc
Railwayj W. , H. Davenport and ladles. Colo
rado Midland; O. O. Fraaer and nisters, South
ern Railway: R. G. Guyett and -lady. Union
Pacific Railroad: P. K. Gordon, Piedmont Air
Line; F. O. Hatch and lady, Chicago Great
Western; E. Harrison and ladles,' Uurllngton
Route; A. C. Hilton and lady. Erie Railroad;
W. T. From and lady. Rook Inland; L.. A.
Hagy and lady. Pennsylvania Railroad;' B. F.
Killings and lady. Northern I'acMlc Rail
road; E. G. Humphrey. Southern Paciflo
Company at. Milton, Cal.; C. K. -Jun
kins and lady; L. B. Johnson and '.lady;
F. A. Jones, agent of Santa Fe at Fresno: C.
W. Jennlng*. Piedmont Air Line; W. O. John
son and lady. Grand Trunk; P. J. Kelly, South
ern Pacific; W. F. 1-Incoln and lady. South
ern Pacific Company; Carl Khelss and ladles,
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul; .1. H. B.
Mason and la'Jy. Southern-Pacific Company;
P. W. Morfhouse, International \ Mercantile
Marine Company; James -McElroy. Missouri.
Kansas and Texan Railroad; C. W. Nelson and
lady, Illinois Central Railroad;*. V.. Aj Rank
and lady, Illinois Central Railroad^G. ' A. Itu
ple, Erie Railroad: J. T. Skelton and lady: B.
K. Smith: T. K. Statel^r. »on and daughter,
Northern Pacific; Paul Shoup of San'Joee- C
A. Thurston and lady, Chicago and Northwest
ern: F. K. Thompson and lady of San -Jos*-
E. M. Twiggs. 1,'nlon Pacific Railroad: M. G
Tonlni and ladles. New York, Ontario and
Western; F. A. Valentine, Canadian Pacific-
A. H. Wilde. Southern Pacific; W. H. Wood
Southern Pacific; E. W. Williams Santa Fe'
P. A. Zlgenfuss. wife and sons. Rock Island :
F. E. Valentine, traffic manager John Breuner
Company.
Representatives of the Leading Rail
road Companies to Hold An
nual Convention.
TRAFFIC AGENTS WILL
MEET AT -PASO ROBLES
The girls have a number of grievances,
chief among which is the question of
wages and regulation concerning dress.
FRESNO, July 3.— The Building Trades
Council of Fresno has sanctioned the
strike of the linemen of 'the Sunset Tel
ephone and Telegraph Company.
The telephone girls held a secret meet
ing last night to consider the question
of forming a union. Speeches were de
livered and about thirty, of them agreed
to join a union should one be foyned^
The meeting was supposed to be "on
the quiet," but there was a leak some
where and Locfil Manager Noble heard
about it this afternoon. He at once dis
charged the girl whom he considered a
leader in the movement Before, she had
left the building twenty-four other girls
left their stools and went out with her.
To-night it is said that forty experienced
operators have left the employ of the
company. Manager Noble says the num
ber is not as large as that. ,-
Discharge of One Of the Girls Is
• Followed by a General
Walkout.
TELEPHONE OPERATORS
AT FRESNO QUIT WORK
CHARLESTON. S. C. July 3.-The Ger
man cruiser Gazelle, which has been at
this point for some weeks, will remain,
over to-morrow in order to participate in
the Fourth of July celebration. The
cruiser will fire a national salute to the-.
Stars and Stripes, giving gun. -for gun.,
with the harbor forts and .the revenue
cutter in port.
German Cruiser to Celebrate.
grant his request. The question of Ad
miral Sumner's successor has not been
settled.
SAN JOSE, July 3.— The forest fires on
the Santa Clara side of the Santa Cruz
Mountains are now confined to . Lyndon
Gulch, near Los Gatos, and no further
damage is expected, as the flames will
soon reach burnt-over ground.
Flames Sweep Lyndon Gulch.
WOMEN PLAYERS
AT POKER LOSE
GRASS VALLEY, July 3.— News of a
disastrous fire at the Seven Thirty mine
reached this city to-day. The fla/nes de
stroyed the boarding-house, office and en
gine-house and ruined the pumping and
hoisting plant, besides burning out the
Fire Damages Mining Property.
Monrovia Miner Commits Suicide.
LOS ANGELES. July 3.— James Haley,
a miner from Monrovia, committed sui
cide during the night by swallowing yen
shee. In the pockets of his coat were
found two cards, on one of which w*»
scrawled ' "Vr. Bry»<»«: 1 «*¦«> you my
body. James Haley." On the other was
written "Good-bye. James Haley." Haley
was 85 years of age. No reason for the
suicide is known. '
VALLEJO. July 3.— Fire started* last
evening in the brush and wood In Wild
horse Valley and the north wind
caused a serious conflagration. This
morning at 10 o'clock the fire had spread
to both sides of Green ' Valley and all
the campers have deserted their camps.
Fire Drives Out Campers.
THINK MURDER
HAS BEEN DONE
SAN JOSE. July 3.— Two large dwell
ings, with barn and tank house, the prop
erty of Miss Grays, were destroyed by
tire at Mayfleld this morning. ' Loss,
$5000; partly covered by Insurance.
Dwellings Burned at Mayfleld.
SANTA ROSA. July 3. -Julius Fochetti,
a volunteer fireman, was badly injured
while fighting flames which destroyed the
Sonoma Electric Lighting plant Wednes
day evening. A large quantity of gaso
line stored on the premises exploded, and
caused the building in which the plant
was located to burn fiercely. The volun
teer fire department managed to save the
adjoining buildings after a hard struggle.
A deal had almost been completed, by
which the plant would have passed Into
the hands of the California Central Gas
and Electric Company. - - - -. , '
.. r« -• ..
Volunteer Fireman Is Injured.
NAPA. July 3.— A fire which originated
In some unknown manner completely de
stroyed the new stables at Mrs. Emilv
Chabot's beautiful country seat, V411a
Remi, north of St. Helena, Thursday.
With the structure went three valuable
horses, several vehicles, many sets of har
ness and considerable hay. The loss will
amount to $5000. The stables were built
a year or so ago.
Fire Near St. Helena.
SANTA ROSA. July 3.— The remains of
the late Mrs. Christiana Hood. Temple,
widow of the late Associate Justice Jack
son Temple, were Interred this afternoon
in Rural Cemetery. The services wert
conducted at the Church of the Incarna
tion, and were identical with those per
formed at the funeral of Justice Temple.
even to the omission of music. The Epts
copal burial service was read by Rector
A. L. Burleson. The pallbearers wers
William E. McConnell. A. C. McMeans.
Wylle Coughran, J. M. Dlck^on. and
Henry G. Hahman of this city and James
P. Hamilton of Kenwood.
Funeral of Mrs. Temple.
Miss Millie Aldrlch, having received the
largest number of votes in the Goddess
of Liberty contest, will represent that
personage. In her gorgeous robes she
will occupy a position of honor on the
float representing the National Capitol.
The city is dressed in red, white and
blue bunting and flags and presents a
pretty sight. The streets to-night are
filled with visitors and the are
full to overflowing. The celebration will
eclipse all former attempts made by
Marysville. ' . V 'J
The celebration will open to-morrow
with a street parade of decorated car
riages and floats, military and civic fea
tures. ¦-,-'!¦
Riven The carnival furnished
a beautiful sight. Hundreds of boats,
barges and gondolas artistically decor
ated and illuminated with Japanese lan
terns, passed to and fro on the smooth
surface of the broad river. Many elec
trical features added to the display and
fire works were introduced in novel de
signs. Roncovleri's band of San Francis
co gave a concert from a barge anchored
in the center of the river. Eve#y availa
ble craft was taxed to the utmost to ac
commodate the thousands of visitors who
are here to celebrate and participate in
the pleasure arranged by the committee
of citizens who had charge of the affair.
The 9 o'clock train carried the military
company from Woodland, also a large
number of her- citizens. The second re
production of a "Night in Venice" was
given this evening and was a grand suc
cess. The visitors express themselves as
more than pleased with the magnificent
display which acts as. a fuse for th« bijr
cracker that will be exploded on the mor
row. . ' '>-!'¦
MARYSVILLE, July 3.—MaryB
ville's Fourth of July celebra
tion opened this evening with
the water carnival on Feather
AUBURN, July 3.— During a heavy
windstorm yesterday I. E. Terry's house
at Cool Station, just across the American
River in El Dorado County, caught fire.
The flames spread rapidly and the house
was destroyed. A large barn filled with
hay was also burned. The postoffice was
located in Terry's hoiise and the entire
equipment was destroyed. Loss, $4000; no
insurance.—""*
Postoffice Is Destroyed by Fire.
From Winnipeg to the Paciflc-the Gov
ernment is to guarantee 3 per cent bonds
to the extent of 75 per cent of the cost,
but the' maximum amount to be guaran
teed on the orairle section is not to ex
ceed $13,000 per mile and the mountain
section not to exceed $30,000 per mile.
On the bonds the company will pay 3
per cent interest from the date of isque.
As the Government is building part, the
capital stock of the company will be re
duced from $73,000,000 to $45,000,000. of
which $25,000,000 will be preferred shares
and $20,000,000 common stock, .
The latter is to be owned and controlled
by the Grand Trunk Railway Company of
Canada, which will be interested in this
way. Running powers are to be given to
other railways from Moncton to Winni
peg. The Government section will be
built by a commission.
The Federal Government will build the
road from Moncton to Winnipeg and if
will be leased for fifty years by the
Grand Trunk Pacific. The railway com
pany will only pay operating expenses
for the first five years; the next five it
will pay a net profit over working ex
penses, but not to exceed 3 per cent, and
will pay 3 per cent for the balance of the
time.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 3.-The de
tails of the agreement between the Grand
Trunk Pacific and the Dominkm Govern
ment for the building of the transconti
nental line are announced to-day, as fol
lows:
Terms of Its Agreement With the
Grand Trunk Pacific Are r
Made Public.
DOMINION GOVEBNMENT
TO AID BIG RAILROAD
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 3.—
A fire, which broke out early this morn
ing, destroyed two of the finest residences
In College Terrace near here. They were
the property of the Misses Gray, two el
derly maiden ladies who have occupied
one of the houses for the last nine years.
The other dwelling was tenanted by Ed
gar C. Humphrey, a real estate agent do
ing business in Palo Alto and in San
Francisco, with offices in the Parrott
building. Both of the houses were two
story structures, well appointed and care
fully kept.. They were valued at $3500
each and were insured for half that
amount. Almost all the furniture in both
residences was saved intact. A horse bo
fonglng to Humphrey was burned in a
stable, which was also razed • by the
flames. ' .
Private Residences Are Burned.
timbers for some distance down the shaft.
How the fire originated is a mystery, as
the men had all been given a holiday till
after the Fourth and were in this city at
the time. The loss falls heavily on the
owner, J. J. Riley, whose plans for the
immediate future of the property are all
upset. *
.'•Jlufy. .*,•„•• A. M. BEST.
. -. .Celunei Best tame- to San Rafael about
•"throe, week* prior to h.is death. At that
.• time he was supposed to have been in ex
*-• ce llcnt health and asserted to Captain H.
¦ ; A*. Go'rley of this city about three days
."Before being reported ill that he never" felt
".Ijctter in his life. During his sojourn in
:*§an 'Rafael Colonel Best .stopped at the
.-.residence of Dr. J. D. Woods, on Fifth
avenue. • The Woods asserted that they
• were o!d acquaintances of Colonel Best
'apd that # he. had known both the doctor
••and his "sister* since childhood; that he
was* their attorney and had come to Cal
. ifornla to fix up some legal matters for
Jk)r. Wood. ' After being here but a short
time he- was reported ill a,nd in a few days
".he died. A debtor was in attendance and.
-.rot being a Coroner's case, no autopsy
•was performed. .The remains were em
• Calmed and Fhippod.East.
JDr. Wood, a short time subsequent to
, the <Je.ath of Colonel Best, figured in a
sensational incident in Ross- Valley and
left for parts unknown. He was engaged
to be msrriedto Miss Alice Hickmott, the
only daughter of J. M. Hickmott, the as
_" paragus king. The engagement was sud
j denly.- broken off. The Hickmoits claimed
they found Wood to be an impostor and
tubseguently a blackmailer.
All rartics concerned gained a great
deal of notoriety through the affair and
Hickmott took his daughter East. Dr.
..Wood claimed he could prove his posl
• tion and employed an attorney to pre
• pare papers for a damage suit against
¦Jll.ckmott. He'lcft town, however, before
the suit was file<J and has never returned
•;".tq "the cloud from his own or his sis
' tor's name. ,.•"..
Postmaster Anderson in an interview
to-night said: -"I received that letter to
daj/ 'but have pot answered it as yet. I
• *J\ave shown It to various people. The
•p&se certainly i? a peculiar affair. I do
• not know of any such person as Annie
• Jv Slope, "as fIh- does not live in the city
•' lo "mr knowledge." ¦ '. •
. SAX RAFAEL July 3-An investigation
"". is to I* 1 made to determine whether or
: - -nor Colonel- William J_ Best of New
I ' "York City, who died suddenly In this
. *.vUy on April it,;liO3, passeU away by nat
...•ural causes. .Tpe general supposition in
; -tl\ls" city was that. Colonel Best died from
' 'a «lrofce of apoplexy, but the dead man's
.".son.* 'A. M. Best, a prominent business
"-. hrari of /Cew York City,. asserts that his
_-liarejit died under suspicious circum-
Z sta.iu-t-5 and -that" he 'will ferret out the
;'. ¦•i«tct!= in .tiie case. He has written to the
."'. l>pst;masie.r of tlw.-= city to peek informa
.¦¦¦ifon ho..t.only as.' to the circumstances of
* Ills 'fatbtVe dentil, but as to the where
¦abojits of a certain Annie K. Slope. In
¦¦fii's_fpmmunlcavlon to the Government of
:.--ii"elal .youiig' B«st further assails the rep
•/ufation of Dr. -J. D. Woods and his sister.
•.•ilrl6._ -Alice Cloy Woods, in whose home
•¦¦'Ccri.ohe.l -Beef died, asserting t,hat he
.• «jnd his famlJy. are endeavoring to have
\ t-h<>m in'dFcted. up'on a number of serious"
\ $>ka*"g*s. ..Postmaster Anderson received
.. jh* letter In. question to-day. It is as fol
¦ :lows:- : /•. ' .: • •-
".-•¦.¦:• ¦--. - • NEW YORK, Jun* 2$.
,-. -T'oftmasvr, Kah Rafael. Oal. — Dear Sir: I
- htfv*--" to-day addrr^seti a tetter to AnnJa E.
'- •61ox>'?;. Kan Kaffir .l.'.Cil., asking her t* Inform
•.. 'rtiP tfhtther th.e attended my father, William
•, ".J.-. Be^t: who died at San Rafael on AdfII C
.' . undrt- ..very eusprcious circumstances. I have
/.-reafcoji jto bcllev?- that no such- person exists
. t'aJid uTite you only to make sure that an ex
. " -tra effort- Will b? made "to locate Annie E.
"• ;£}cpe before ray Jejt»r If returned and that It
-." win be returned rf omptly In case the search
" for Jier is ynavailjrig. If information which we
¦". hav**- eetured 1* correct,' you will be Interested
,.*«ru*kni;w that theperson* who passed as Dr. J.
- U* Woods .tftid Mis. .Alice Cloy Woods, who
- vre.sijled at i>an l?afa»l- for a time last winter,
jiroied to -bf scoundrels of the worn
V'v :; and 1 at:* raj" family arc now making
'¦;' Mttjt effort to have them indicted on- a nun#
' ber of fcerioufr'charKes.
-.-".If :you have any Information which would
• t^rid ti» fctrerjrthen, our *ase I earnestly request
¦ .-.¦Uikr jou f.avor us with details. Tours very
Special Diipatch lo The CV.I
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., July 3.— As
a result of the unsettled and mixed con
dition of affairs following on the heel* of
the precipitous changing of the Chinese,
exclusion enforcement from the hands^ of
the customs to the Immigration officials."
Chin Chin Hock, one o/ the earliest Chi-,
nese settlers in the State of Washing
ton and said to be one of the wealthiest
Celestials in this country, owning valu
able business and residence 'property in
Seattle, as well as large mercantile estab
lishments throughout the West, was bob
bing around like a cork among the Fed-'
era! officials to-day, none of whom.wtre
apparently authorized to handle his ap
plication for return into this country from j
Victoria, where he had gone on business.
Chin Chin Hock, or Wa Chong.- a« he- is
commonly called from the name of his
firm. Is well known to both the .officials
and citizens here, yet under recent . In
structions Collector Ide could do notnlns
for him and it la doubtful If Inspector
Fisher at Seattle will be able to remedy
the wrong when Chin presents himse'lf
.there In charge of a customs officer, for
the all sufficient reason that the* papers
In the case are here among the? archives
of the Chinese examination department
heretofore conducted by Collector Ide and
without them Fisher can do nothing. No
Instructions have been received as to* the
disposition of these Important documents ..
and they are maintained as a part of the
permanent records in the local customs .
office and will be so held until Instructions*
as to their disposition are received from .
Washington. In the interim, unless In
spector Fisher concludes to allow the Chi
nese to go on his own recognizance, and
for which he has absolutely no -authority.
Chin Chin Hock will be compelled to re
main a prisoner in the detention house
here until the muddled affairs of the new
department are straightened, out. The de
tention house now holds at least a score
of Chinese In the same predicament.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Grant says that the prisoners have con
fessed to having been in the party, but
they assert that the third man, -who has
not been captured, did the shooting.
Dawson and a partner named Norris
were prospecting In the Ocampo district,
Chihuahua, and had separated a few days
before, each going in a different direc
tion. Dawson was camping In a small
canyon on tjje second day after he had
separated from Norris, when he was ap
proached by three Mexicans, whom he
invited to stop and eat with him. During
the course of the meal one of the Mexi
cans arose, walked, back of Dawson and
shot him twice, once in the back and once
In the head. Dawson was then robbed
of all his belongings. A few hours later
his body was found by two Mexican boys
who were hunting stray mules. The case
was reported to the commissariat at
Ocampo, who sent offlcere in pursuit of
the murderers. Two of them wer« cap
tured fifty miles froii the scene of the
killing. Dawson's gun was found 'in their
possession. They were taken. to Ocampo
and are now In jail there.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 3. - Alexander
Grant, a well known mirdng man of Bis
bee, Just returning from Chihuahua, Mex
ico, brings news of the murder of M. L.
Dawson of Lynchburg, Va., who for the
past year ; had ,-been assistant superinten
dent of the Mlnas Prietas mines in the
State of Sonora.
Intimates That Hi3 Parent
;. Not Die From Nat
': ural Causes.
Unable to Land Chinese Who
Are Entitled to Admission
to Country.
Authorities Capture Two of
the Assassins and Take
Them to Ocampo.
Anojher fire Is within two miles of this
city and within half a mile of the powder
works. The men from the powder works
and Cowell's lime, kilns are engaged in
fighting it. At,one time the flames were
.within 100 feet of the soda magazine of
the powder works. •
-The narrow-gauge train had to pass
through the fire at several places and the
passengers had a grand view of the
flames making their way along the ridge.
. Two cottages belonging to J. J. Bamber
of Skyland were burned and " the fire
reached within fifty yards of Hotel de
Redwood, one of the most popular of the
mountain resorts. It also approached
French's mill on Soquel Creek, but was
checked. >
Another big fire is raging between Lex
ington and Alma.
Fire Is now raging in the vicinity of
the Hihn sawmill at Laurel and the entire
mill crew, assisted by citizens from Santa
Cruz, are fighting to save the property.
It is believed to-night that the fire is un
der control.
this city. The frre started at
Zayantc and followed the ridge for eight
miles. It now extends through the Laurel
and Glenwood region and the flames are
licking up the valuable timber of that
section. After hard' work the fire-fighters
managed to save th'e vineyards and
orchards along its course.
A portion of the Waterman vineyard at
Laurel was destroyed, however, as was
also a part of the orchard. The summer
home of Mrs. Louis Hihn at Laurel was
saved after a hard battle.
SANTA CRUZ. July 3.-The sky Is
overhung with smoke from .forest
fires that arc raging In the moun
tains and cinders are falling in
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., July 3.— The
mercury reached 94 this afternoon— the
hottest of the year. At Muncie, after five
workmen had fallen in front of the fur
naces at the American Rolling Company's
plant, the leading workmen quit work.
They went out against the will of the
management, who had a hurried order to
fill in sheet Iron, but none agreed to go
back, and for the first time this season
the big plant closed. ,
SAN JUAN, P. R., July 3.— The Weath
er Bureau reports a fall of hall at Lares,
in the center of Porto Rico, sufficiently
heavy to damage the crops. A fall of hail
Is an extremely rare occurrence here. The
natives were frightened and prayed for
protection from harm.
It is predicted that to-morrow will even
be warmer, but that some relief may be
expected by evening, ¦•-y>
CHICAGO, July 3.— This was the most
uncomfortable day of the present hot
term and the prostrations and deaths in
creased accordingly. Seven people died
during the day as a result of the heat and
'eighteen were prostrated. The mercury
stood, on the street level, at 94 and the
humidity was 70 per cent. It was the
most distressing day Chicago has experi
enced since the record-breaking heat in
July, 190L v
WASHINGTON. July 3.-Intense heat
prevailed again in Washington to-day, the
street thermometers recording 102H de
grees, one degree higher than yesterday.
One fatal case of sunstroke occurred.
Reports from the southwestern parf of
Ttxas, where disastrous cloudbursts pre
vailed yesterday, stated that the loss of
life will probably reach fifteen. All of
the victims were Mexicans.
NEW YORK, July 3.— Four deaths and
a score of prostrations were the result of
to-day's hot weather. George W. Middle
ton, an old-time actor who played with
Booth, Barrett and McCullough, was tak
en to the hospital suffering from heat.
PHILADELPHIA. July 3.— The hot spell
which began here July 1 wag at least tem
porarily broken by a heavy thunderstorm
late this afternoon. The temperature
was not as high to-day as on the .two
previous days, the maximum being 93 de
grees at 3 o'clock this afternoon. During
the storm the temperature fell 20 degrees
In twenty minutes. Three deaths and a
score of prostrations were reported.
early this morning, sweeping
over many acres of fine farming land and
flooding the city of Gainesville. The
streets of that city were under from two
to four feet of water during the early
hours of to-day, but the water receded
during the afternoon and to-night all dan
ger is past. While Gainesville and other
tewns suffered considerable property loss
the heaviest burden will fall upon the
railroads. Many washouts occurred and
in a few places the tracks were under
mined from the heavy downpour. There
was no loss of life from the torrents. A
Si- m a Fe passenger train ran into a wash
out last night eight miles south of Gaines
ville and Engineer M. B. Boyc* was kill
ed. No one else was injured.
DALLAS. Tox., Jul^3.-The heav
iest rain that has visited the
Trinity and Red River valleys in
years prevailed last night and
"Son of the Late Colonel
Best Demands an In- \
. vestigation.
THE amazing variety
of weather now pre
vailing throughout the
country has been the cause
of much damage and a few
deaths. In the northwestern
section a heavy snow is fall
ing at this unusual time of
the year and in the Eastern
cities the heat is so intense
that some persons have al
ready succumbed. The ex
tremely hot weather in Cali
fornia has been attended by
wonderfully strong winds in
the region around Yolo,
Sacramento and San Joa
quin, and also by field fires.
These fires have swept over
a considerable number of
acres and have also de
stroyed some barns. The
floods in Texas continue to
cause alarm and much val
uable property has been de
stroyed.
Federal Officials Find
of Trouble
Ahead. V . '.
Shoot Him Prom Behind
and Then Rob His
Dead Body.
Torridily, Rain, Hail and' Snow Among the Features of a Re
markable Season Now Prevailing Throughout the Country.
Flames in California Fields Cause Some Damage to the Crops
ASSERTS DEATH
IS SUSPICIOUS
MEXICANS KILL
A MINING MAN
EXCLUSION LAW
IS IN A TANGLE
MARVELOUS WEATHER CAUSES RUIN
AND DEATH IN MANY LOCALITIES
THE SAN VKAS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
WATER FIESTA
AT MARYSVILLE
A BIG SUCCESS
2
•' DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
TEAenitOSCDEERFlL?
Whether* woman is tearful or cheerful
depends rot on what ehe has materially,
• bpt what she \ . •':.-,
M&cy ?n in-". iGV<nA
.'dulK-::t.htfs : . . < ?\o'?j9'7?ft 1
* ha* s " ev^ry- : I -¦•O^*^'"* ' '/K\
"pressed *&nd ••• •. '
laeapondent.." . " -,-. '* ' . : . .
Such % condition is usually related to
• tome form of* womanly disease. ;
>:ftj^l(i Hi WARD
*i|j)c}vJvJ ForWomeh
.- - WHO OAKKOT BE CURCO.
Backed op by orer a third of a centnry
cf remarkable and uniform cures, a record
">uth as no other remedy for the dineases
•and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
•attained, tHe proprietors of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
.* ranted in offering " to pay {500 in legal
mosey of, the United States, for any case
-.of Lencbnhea; Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus, or Falling of Womb which theycaa-
'notcure. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of. their means of cure*
* Mti: Alice Adams, of Laboratory. Washington
Co., Pa., say*: "With man/ thanks I write to
let y6u know how 2 am. I can say by Cod's.
' help and your help I am well. I hare taken «lx
•batfies-ar Dr. Pieree'a Favorite Prescription and
two of His 'Golem Medical Discovery.' and I
can do all. my worfc.' I cant praise your.med>
cine too Kiffffly. . I will recommend your medl-
rioH as loo* as I Utc. . If any one doubts this'
givt them myaddress."
Ke«p the bowel* healthy by the timely
ye cf J>r. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
¦ ; - .' ADVERTISEMENTS. ' --
Keep Your Insides Cool
Here's a man who' thinks he has heart dis-
m $$S^^^^bk ease, and is scared half to death. His face
§LMf ' S a11 drawn out of sha P e f rom fcar an d
t^* W&iL'^^^SSs. a ? ony ' E yer y txmc he eats, his heart "pal-
Y^sfRJfW >£llliu3£ro P' tates " — t^ iat simply'means that his stomr
\r*2ifl /*j§rp§if ach * s swe Hcd up with gases from fer-
jFjir menting undigested food, and his heart
n1S^^> * M$ tnum P s a S a »nst his diaphragm. Nothing
T\^ VL^SkF t ! 1C mattcr with his - heart In thc summer
V (^^fljlij time, this gas distention is much worse; his
J&SiL'^tSM whole body aqd blood get over-heated, and
*" s heart and lungs get so crowded for
\ room ' that he g^ps for breath.- There he
V^^p^t**^[ ls ' *°°k at im • E ycr y minute he ex-
W>4~"^-Np§l» pects to drop dead. As a matter of
JJ ***$£* 4/*il> act » all he needs is to stop that souring
V^u iff Av and 2 as f° rm » n S in his stomach and
Z*^^^^ »Sfr, bowels, help his digestion along, and
( y^E»-4B keep cool inside. You all know that
IV whenever something rots or decays,
heat develops. Same in the. body!
Keep cool inside ! Take a candy ca-
thartic CASCARET every night at
bed-time. It will work while you sleep, clean up. and cool your
insides, give you a regular, comfortable movement in the morning
andyou'll'be feeling fine all day every day. Heart Disease ! Fudge !
< *«*»n«nirw»'~ Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New Yark. £-,WASHINGTON. July 3.— A ipostofflce
has been established In Washington at
Snowden. Klickltat County. Franklin W.
Tilley postmaster. Postmasters commis
sioned—California—John L. Olson, Deco
to. Washington — John H Vanslicke,
Wauconda; Mallnda Slater, Geneva.
Fourth-class postmaster appointed—Cali
fornia—Florence N. Lawrence, Uvas. San
ta Clara County, vice Giles Bradley, re
signed.
Navy order: Ensign . C. T. Wade, ' de
tached from Alert, to Bennington.
New Postoffice, Established and Of
cia.s Appointed in California
and Washington.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
This student was not the only, Columbia
man who saw. possibilities in housework.
Twelve, of , them, earned, their, board- and
lodging by living In apartments where the
servant question had become more than
a * problem. During leisure hours , they
washed' dishes, swept, scrubbed, cleaned,
shook rugs, cooked; one man actually did
the family washing, and did ; it well. | So
ably do- the students fill these positions
that occasionally a Harlem or Washington
Heights matron is*, found ' advertising for
a ' Columbia , student who will . emancipate
her^ from : helpless Vhelp."— Good v House
keeping. s MfiKR^iPii^
At Columbia University statistics were
taken to ascertain how its students were
earning money to obtain an education.
The variety of callings was large, prob
ably because New York city offers to any
one "who is ip search of work more lines
of activity than can be found in any other
one. American city. One young man who
as a\boy had learned to nelp his mother
turned houseworker for a family of three
professional women, who were in the
city all day and kept house in a Harlem
apartment. This student took all the care
of the apartment. He arrived on the scene
each morning in time to wash the break
fast dishes and do the marketing. Once
a week he gave the apartment' a thorough
cleaning, from scrubbing to dusting. .The
young women handed him each morning
a list of the supplies they required,^ and
all- that awaited them at night was their
cooking. .The. verdict of ht$ employers
was that their work was better done
than by any of the women that they had
ever had. . . ,
Student House Workers.
Refreshments were served freauonfit,
and the large audience dispersed at a "ate
The feature of the evening was the ten.
d A 6 /, ing ° f T a VOte of thai *s to District
Attorney L. F. Bylngton for hi. a" In
promoting John J. Greeley to the posi
tion of prosecuting attorney. Greeley is
one of the leaders of the ormnUaUon
and its members considered the promo"
tlon a mark of respect to the club
Greeley addressed his fellow members
a^ScSsli? and assist s -
d,re~cte A d **¦
Hyland v 8 . T. McGoIlard. DuS ¦'<£&* ?*v,
Conolojrue. Dick Everett v«. Younir Piiiitn ,
specialties by George Ryan. un * Cu '»en, and
The Hickory Club celebrated the one
hundred and twenty-seventh anniversary
of American independence at Pioneer
Hall last night by a rousing jinks. Music
speeches and athletic contests were on
the programme. The evening was voted
one of great pleasure and the entertain
3r h :r.r s'vSr most -"-A
WASHINGTON. July 3.— The Secretary
of War to-day received - a letter from
Representative Littauer of New York
offering to aid the department in every
way in his power In prosecuting the in
vestigation of charges of irregularities in
connection with the award of contracts
for supplying the army with gloves and
enclosing a copy of his testimony in re
gard to his connection with the army
glove contracts as given in the recent ju
dicial proceedings.
Before going to New York to-day Secre
tary Root issued formal Instructions to
the Inspector General to make a thor
ough and complete investigation of the
Lyon contract. The Inspector General or
such officer as he may detail shall Inquire
as to every feature and detail of the con
tract for gloves and report whether the
Congressman was a party to the con
tract; also whether any officer of the
army knew of Mr. Ltttauer's connection
with the glove contract. The Secretary
is determined that every fact shall be
ascertained. In order that the depart
ment may take. the proper action.
Xothing could be more authentic than
the. story, or more amazing.— New York
Sun.
Stpry of Canary and Bullfinch.
George Honseh'-l in Nature tells a story
of a bullfinch anil a canary that deserves
permanent record. The bullfinch belongs
to. Jiis sister and can pipe the whole of
several tunes, "Gori Save the King"
among them. The canary's cage was in
the same room, and in about a year the
canary learned the whole of "God Save
the King" from the bullfinch and often
piped • it independently. Mr. Henschel
.lauly. heard the bullfinch pipe part of the
tuV.e (six bars) and then pause. To his
amazement the canary took up the tune
where the other had left it and finished
the tune Ceight bars)! At this time the
mo birds were In different rooms.
Secretary of War Busy
With Army Glove
Promotion of J. J. Gree
ley Is Appreciated
by Its Members.
cap?. ,
. The attention of the proprietor. Mr.
•Ja*rrK<s 4 was attracted by the suspicious
actions of the trio and he watched them
closf-ly. As j=oon as they began their
thieving operations he rushed to the
front of the- store in an endeavor to pre
vent their escape.
He was roughly thrust aside and in the
struggle that ensued the glass in both
of the front doors was shattered. The
police, were notified, but before their ar
rival the men had disappeared with their
plunder.
"Enter Chinatown Establishment and
'-. Break Glass Doors in Escaping
¦ With Their Plunder.
' 'While mailing 'a. pretense of selecting
an assortment of fireworks at the Btore
ot K. S. James Co., 1107 Dupont street,
Jast evening, three intrepid petty larcen
iets grabbed several bundles of fire crack.
ert _a,r.d skyrockets and made their es-
THREE THIEVES STEAL
. FIREWORKS FROM STORE
UPID'S conquest of Robert Fltz
/| slmmons for the third time has
UL> been a fruitful subject of conver-
sation among the many people
throughout America who know
the ex-champlon boxer. The young wo
man in the case Is Miss Julia May Gifford,
prima donna in the "When Johnny Comes
Marching Home" company, now playing
in Chicago. •
While- in, this city on his way to join
Jeffries at Harbin Springs, Fitzsimmons
exhibited photographs of his fiancee
to his friends. He also spoke elo
quently of her charm of mind and of
manner. The action of their courtship
was as rapid as that of the play In which
Miss Gifford is taking , part. From pro
logue to last curtain it was enacted with
in a week.
"It was a case of love at first sight, for
Fitzsimmons, and he pressed his suit with
all the ardor of a young lover. The pro
gress of the couple toward the engage
ment was. rapid. When Fitzsimmons re
luctantly turned his back on Chicago and
Smail Boy Charged With Arson.
Timothy Mulcahy. aged 8 years, residing
at 136 Rlpley street, who a week ago ap
peared before Judge Murasky on a
charge of stealing coffee from a store,
but who was discharged, is In prison
again. This time the youngster Is to be
before the Juvenile court on a
'charge of setting fire to u l.ay barn at
Twenty-ninth and Alabama streets. He
was taken to the City Hall, where he will
be detained until Monday, when he will
again appear before Judge Murasky.
The regular Democratic Club, Thirty
ninth Assembly District, gave'a "smoker"
at Admiral Hall, Geary street, last night
which was largely attended.
A. W." Wehe. president, wa in the
chair and delivered an address of wel
come to members and their friends. •
Prior to the "smoker" the club ob
served the' eve of the Fourth by giving a
great display of fireworks, which was en
joyed immensely by the inhabitants in the
vicinity of the club.
In the hall there was apeechmaklng,
singing and a boxing bout and refresh
jnents were, hospitably served.
"* The "smoker" did not terminate until
a late hour. A.. W. Wehe and H. d. Wil
ber, the secretary, received the congrat
ulations of the club for the success of
the entertainment.
An engineer on a Kansas railway has
made a request to be allowed to run
faster than sixty-five miles an hour, be
cause a jackrabbit has been making fun
of him on his run.
DEMOCRATIC CLUB ENJOYS
RESPITE FROM POLITICS
ROOT ORDERS
RIGID INQUIRY
SELIGMAN'S OFFENSE.
A few days after that occurrence Har
vey Seligman, 19 years of age, a student
at the Oakland High School and a son of
Mrs. Seligman. went to the Crowley res
idence at 1164 Alice street, gained admis
sion, while the Rev. Ernest E. Baker,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
was visiting Mrs. Crowley In response to
her request. In the presence of the cler-
OAKLAND. July 3.-Mrs. Alma A.
Crowley, wife of Dr. D. D. Crow
ley, has requested Prosecuting
Attorney A. P. Leach to dismiss
the charge of disturbing the
peace which caused the arrest of Harvey
Seligman in April. The case is set for
trial on Wednesday in the Police Court.
Mrs. Crowley has assigned no reason
for her request, but it is understood that
the well known physician's wtfe Is averse
to further notoriety from the sensational
episode of early spring, when she attack
ed Dr. Crowley as he was departing from
the residence of Mrs. Annie Seligman, 585
Twenty-ninth street, one evening about
10 o'clock.
HICKORY CLUB
HOLDS A JINKS
Confronted by Mrs. Crowley's written
request to dismiss, the Prosecuting At
torney will be able to make the proper
representation to Judge Mortimer Smith
to. Insure the dismissal of the case next
Wednesday morning when the calendar is
called in the Police Court.
LADY SHUNS NOTORIETY.
Mrs. Crowley's change of view comes
of a desire to let the affair drop. She had
been subpenaed to appear as the prose
cuting witness against Seligman and the
possibility of a sharp contest, with a fresh
airing of the family troubles, led Mrs.
Crowley, it is believed, to end, the prose
cution.
All this occurred early in the evening.
The following day Mrs. Crowley caused
Seligman's arrest and made complaint at
the -time, because the case was set for
trial In July.
gyman young Seligman made an emphatic
and noisy demand that the doctor's wife
should cease from involving Mrs. Selig
man in any of the Crowley domestic dis
turbances. There was a brief but heated
interview between the young man and
Mrs. Crowley. but Dr. Baker firmly
brought it to a close.
came West It was with the promise of
Miss Gifford that she would become his
wife within the next year.
OAKLAND PHYSICIAN'S WIFE WHO WOULD AVOID NOTORIETY
THAT WOULD FOLLOW HER APPEARANCE IN COURT TO PROSE
CUTE SON OF THE WOMAN SHE IMAGINED TO BE HER RIVAL.
"All the Iowas, even those that profess
the Christian religion, have unshaken
faith in the ancient cure-alls of their an
cestors. The pontifex maximus, or chief
medicine man of the tribe, wraps the quilt
around his severely afflicted patients,
when all the adults- surround the sick
person. and offer fervent prayers for their
relief. Those who were near the sicken
ing, sickness-killing thing say that it
smells somewhat skunkish and like wild
onions. Those who ought to know claim
that the wonderful quilt has often been
pickled and embalmed In wild onion Juice
and the malodorous perfume of hydro
phobia cats."— Kansas City Jorunal.
"The horrible quilt Is kept and guarded
with reverential and superstitious care in
the sanctum sanctorum of the chief med
icine man and is only once publicly ex
hibited every year, and on the first day
of. the wild onion feast. None but Iowas
are considered worthy of viewing the
varicolored quilt, and only' two-thirds
drunken Iowas ever venture to tell white
men that there is such a scalp quilt in
their possession. The chills-producing
savage heirloom Is considered a talisman,
a charm, a cure-all for and preventer of
all Ills that redskins are heir to. They
have Implicit faith In the healing virtues
of the scalp quilt and they even say that
it brought some dead Indians to life. The
miraculous quilt is never wrapped around
the naked body of a sick person afflicted
with smallpox, as through its agency the
first case of that loathsome disease among
the tribe scattered all over the once pop
ulous Iowa nation and more than 300 died
from the complaint.
"Matt" Durr, who calls himself the
"Daniel Boone" of Oklahoma, has lived
with the Indians and followed them in
their wanderings so long that he is proba
bly better versed in their traditions than
any other white man in this country. He
lives near Stroud, O. T., and spends the
greater part of his time among the Sac,
Fox and Ozaukee Indians, on their reser
vations. Seventy years of age. his hair
is almost snow white, and he has many
of the habits and- customs-. of the red men.
He Is a Frenchman and a descendant of
old French traders, who went south to
trade with the Indians in the early colo
nial days. He can speak French fluently
and Is one among the few white men who
can talk with the different tribes of In
dians in their own tongues. He tells
many Interesting stories of the Indians'
traditions and superstitions. His latest
story Is that of a guilt in the possession
of the Iowa tribe, which is made of scalps
of white men. . In telling of this relic of
their barbarism he said:
"The Oklahoma Iowas own one of the
most grewsome. hair-raising tribal helr
looms In the world. The repulsive looking
relic of barbarism Is a five-foot square
composed of red and kinky scalps. It is
claimed that the scalps were Jerked from
the heads of good and friendly whites,
blacks and reds about 150 years ago and
that the trophies were secured by the
special command and direction of the
Great Spirit. L
Grewsome Tribal Heirloom in Pos
session of Iowa In
dians.
QUILT MADE OF
HUMAN SCALPS
During the month of July the members
of the California Camera Club will have
the pleasure of viewing the exhibit of
"genre" work of F. W. Guerin. formerly
of St. Louis, which will be on exhibition
in the clubrooms. Many of the subjects
shown have attained worldwide popularity
and a number of new ones are also ex
hibited. All are 'flashlight studies, made
on 18x22 plates, and show wonderful re
sults in that method of photography. The
announcement is made by the print com
mittee of the organization that for the
convenience of members who may wish to
photograph Huntington Falls, in Golden
Gate Park, the water will be turned on at
8 o'clock the first Sunday of each month.
Exhibit at Camera Club.
CHARMING YOUNG aCTRESS WHO CAPTURED THE HEART OF ROB
ERT FITZSIMMONS AND WHO HAS PROMISED TO BECOME THE
WIFE OF THE EX-CHAMPION HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXER.
Edward Dowahly, a Servian residing *t
"> Tehama street, was mysteriously shot
at the corner of Fourth and Market
streets shortly after 11 o'clock last night.
He was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital, where his wound, consisting of a
slight abrasion of the scalp, was dressed.
According to Dowahly he was walking
along the street when he felt a stinging
sensation and putting his hand to the
back of his head, -he found that the blood
was flowing. A crowd Immediately gath
ered around the man and a panic was
narrowly averted. Finally he was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital.
There were many people passing at th<»
time and numbers of them were firing off
pistols. It is thought that one of them
fired a blank cartridge close to Dowahly's
head and that the wad hit him.
MYSTERIOUSLY SHOT
ON MARKET STREET
Edward Dowahly Beceives Scalp
Wound While Walking Along
Crowded Thoroughfare.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 3.— The settle
ment of the coal miners' strike at Lady
smith and Cumberland, Vancouver Island,
adds another to the long list of victories
which James Dunsmuir has achieved over
his colliery employes. Last winter the
representatives of the Western Federation
of Miners, having headquarters at Denver
and Butte, succeeded in organizing unions'
among the Vancouver Island miners. The
organization was no sooner perfected
than a strike was ordered, it being be
lieved that the miners could at last win
their fight against Dunsmuir.
Promises of assistance were made by
the Western Federation of Miners, but
the assistance rendered when the pinch
came was only a tithe of that expected.
When the miners and their families were
hungry and implored aid from Denver
they were given a thousand dollars when
they expected ten or fifteen. The miners
finally became disgusted and have now
gone back to work at Dunsmulr's terms.
They will leave the Federation of Miners
to fight Its own battles. The first train
was operated this morning for nearlyfour
months and carried the Ladysmlth min
ers out to the coal pits.
The Western Fuel Company of San
Francisco will reopen the Harwood mine,
which has been closed down for more
than a year. President Howard says
that the competition of fuel oil has about
reached the limits of its field. Ho antici
pates a very busy season* for all the Van
couver Island collieries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Intend to Withdraw Prom the Organ
ization, as It Neglected to Give
Them Promised Finan
cial Support
Become Vexed at the Failure
of Western Federation
to Help Them.
¦* "Dr. McKelvey' s instructions to remove
drugs 'and the revolver from his room,"
was "the reply. "While he was trying to
,g£t his revolver oh Saturday he said he
.would' be* dead before midnight."
, ' "D-Jti he, ever say to you that he wanted
to -die?"
¦."Ye.f. he did. About two weeks before
6e <iie<I." - *
• The ,'Coroner then ordered an adjourn
ment*, tntil July 10!
.1 krrf tfc^t Mr. Br,own was not to be left
¦•'ahse fit ar»- time.- Some time after the
. rtoctOF* left Jlr. Browp. made an attempt
.1 o-.gr t_tti"e witness to go to the cellar arter
"• MThaj\rater. "'-Her -.sister had been sent
.out of the noom by" Mr. Brown on the pre
tftase t&at he wanted a bakftd apple. The
• «ltoe£% would ; not go! but finally Mr.
Erown "induced her -.to leave. She went out
' */rst<>"the hallway .and watched him. He
• '*' r r r i 11Q a drawer" In a bureau and took
• out a s*mail» box. The witness went In,
Err*, ajter a struggle with him, in which
'Ke displayed unusual- strength, got the
• box from him. She -noticed the trord
- "cy.ar.ide". 1 on the" box. Miss McLean told
- at length haw Mr. Brown tried to get her
.r.nd .others out of the room and she said
.that once when she pretended to with
draw tlie saw him go to where the re
o velvet 1 had been kept -and make a search
jtgpartsftly for it. Later he was permitted
to £tf>*{r.to another room, -where a re
." volver had also been kept, and he made a
o'liurt there for the weapon.
. liir keys, the witness went on to say,
"• had. been taken from him on Saturday, so
•that li* could not get into the drawers
• •w'h'ere Vj? -was supposed to have drugs. On
Sunday he was so much better It was be
lieved c his .tranquillity of mind was re
-Rtored. He asked for his keys and they
,were given to him. was left alone at
times tiurlng Sunday. The witness gave
• 3Ir. B,'own" Kis .last dose at 2:15 p. m.
, Sunday, rt . was " strychnine. He was
• seemingly recovering then, but about 3
oScl.^ck he fell into a stupor and died at
*4 o'-clpek. \Vhi;e it was not stated by the
"witje'ss. the inference was that Brown
had secured poison during the moment
# whep*Tje was left alone in the room.
• " Miss Kettle McLean told of Mr.
' p*VHJf'l g<51r:g Into her room and search-
JrTg- whfre he knew she kept a revolver.
" *>Ie:' c ta-xed her to give him the weapon,
-.-t)ut She got him to sleep. She said to her
m o oth«r. later in- the day, on Sunday: "It
.\~i\l he 'all over by. midnight."
' " "Have * you cause to think that Mr.
" BroivfT committed suicide T' asked the
ziCarqfin. •
¦'"•Yes." sir. I have," the witness an
.>,vfer^d.
•..'"\VJjat cayse have you?"
?o*.h:s : ef5ce w-e could not awaken him. I
telephoned to Dr. McKelvey and told him
was lytagin a stupor as the
result". of_ taking- trional powders. The
docYoz: rcplfed: 'There's nothing to do but
to £et' him eleei> it off. Take all the
•r>«wders and meSl.cirie and his revolver
o'uj: cf.his room.'.'*
'TKe.'-wltness. then related how the re
vs-.rV.er'— »'ss removed, and how. when the
J>flx"that contained the trlonal powders
web •- J jund. It was ernpty. It had con
•tnined.. f.fteen powflers. Dr. McKelvey
Va.Iled? to see hjmthe next day. He gave
r^*yuctl6i?s" again' that all medicine and
dfugs.were to be removed from the room
>• PITTf-BURG. Pa.. July 3.— ThV investl
"gation. by rhe Coroner as to the cause
of cb« <3cath of th'e late Recorder* J. J.
BrpVri x<as" resumed to-day. Miss Susie
"McLean." a- member of the family with
• y"^3i Mr. Brown .bearded and in whose
¦•hoa>'je died, testified that Mr. Brown
\vas d£"i<!ed'.-y. ill whenr he returned- home
ir-ri"-, New Ycrk ;on March 13. "After
br/akfaft. he lay down to take a sleep
•ar.3 -when the time came for him to go
Physicians at the same meeting report
ed that radium rays had cured a castf of
melanosarcoma (a tumor containing a
black or other dark-colored matter) and
several cases of red mole.
VIENNA. July 3.— Medical circles her*
are greatly interested In a report, com
municated to the Viennese Society of
Physicians, and read at a recent meeting
of the Imperial Academy of Science, to
the effect that a long-standing case of
cancer was cured by radium rays at the
clinic of the late Professor Gussenbauer.
The patient, who was 61 years of ase. had
long- suffered from cancer of the palate
and lip and had repeatedly been operated
upon fruitlessly. In the autumn of 1902.
when the physicians of the Viennese Hos
pital declared it was absolutely useless
to operate again, one physician deter
mined as a last resort to try radium
rays and treated the afflicted parts by ex
posing them to the light of radium bro
mide, the strongest radium preparation in
existence. He was rewarded by a grad
ual and complete disappearance of tha
tumors.
Finally Abandon Fight
Against Dunsmuir
Collieries.
Discovery May Revolutionize
Treatm3nt of Dread
Disease.
Coroner J& Investigating the
\ ./'Taking Off of J J.
" • ** • • Brown. +
Witnesses Tell How a
>. Pitt&burg Recorder
*:*¦¦ \- Sought Death.
Viennese Doctor Suo
' ceeds Where Brother
Medicos Despair.
lime Cools Her Temper and She Shuns the
Notoriety of Prosecuting Young Harvey
Seligman for Disturbing Her Peace
COAL MINERS
GO BACK TO
THEIR WORK
SUCCEEDS AFTER
MANY FAILURES
RADIUM RAYS
CURE CANCER
DOCTOR CROWLEY'S WIFE
EVADES POLICE COURT
FITZSIMMONS YIELDS TO
CUPID'S ARTFULNESS
Heart of the Ex-Champion Is Taken by
.Storm by Miss Julia May Gifford, a
Pretty and raJ Talented Young Actress
THE HAN FBANCI8CO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
As stammering Is a cause of rejection
for military service. Its frequency is
shown by the statistics of the examina
tion of recruits* In different nations. -The
number rejected as stammerers is '7.50 per
thousand examined in.. France., 3.23 In
Switzerland. 2.87 in England. .'2.2 ' in . Aus
tria. .86 in Italy and. but .19. In Russia.
The Merced Santa Fe : route has placed"
on sale a soeclal campers' ticket,* which
includes stage fare, -hotel bills ten*; route
and accommodations in the valley at Camp
Curry. A. five, seven or ten, days' .trip.
Five days. $37.60. Seven days, $41.50. ¦¦ Ten
days, $45.60. Make your stage reserva
tions in advance. All about It at 641 Mar
ket St.. Yosemite desk, Santa Fe office. *
Yosemite Valley.
Brought Back From Denver.
Detective J. B. Preel returned from
Denver last' evening having In custody
Lewis Seymour, who Is wanted in this
city to answer to a charge of felony em
bezzlement. Seymour was formerly em
ployed by the Tonftne Loan and Security
Company and It Is alleged by W. A. Wal
ker, president . of the 1 concern, , that he
collected . money .-to the . amount of $70
which he converted to his own use.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
•* DISCRIMINATING LADIES
En.jdy Using Herpicide on Account
• *' of Its Distinctiveness.
The ladies who have used Newbro's
H<r»!dde tpeak of it in the highest terms
Mr.:ts quick effect in cleansing the scalp
of dandruff and also for its excellence as
i» "general halrdresslng. It makes the
'•CaliP feel fresh and it allays that itchinjr
w hUh . dandruff will cause, Newbro's
H*<?rpic*de effctively cures dandruff, as it
• destroys the germ that causes it. The
Bs!mc germ causes hair to fall out, ««nd
later baldness. In killing it Herpicide
fitons "railing hair and prevents baldness
U Is/ also an ideal balrdressing. for it
. 'r»mi>s an aristocratic charm to the hair
B distinctive.' Sold by leading
'end 10 cents In stamps for
The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
nj's Best money bad:
'jJcng-powdrr « p icei
Savorr: g exmet soda
means vastly "more than mere
money ad vantages. ...
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jm SMOKE- .
J®N0TMADE BYA TRUST — NO SCHEMES OR PRIZES—®'
FORTUNESTO BE MADE— JUST QUALITY AND TRUE MERITS
I EVE RY KING V IS AN HO N E ST E XCH AN6E
I FOR A NICKELCanadian failures not rcported^
Wheat (Including flour) exports for the
work ending July 2 aggregate" 2.956,682
bushels, against 3,518.152- , bushels; last
week; 3,211.150 bushels this week last year
and 3.787.633 bushels in 1901.
R. G. Dun & Company's Weekly Re
view 'of Trade to-morrow will say:
A new lineal year has commenced under
more favorable auspices than appeared
possible a short time ago, the Im
provement being due In no. small
measure to the. greater conserva
tism that was an , outgrowth of
unsettled conditions. Seasonable weather
has also contributed to the better distri
bution of merchandise, besides encour
aging buoyant sentiment in the agrlcul
tural districts. Railway earnings and the
output of pig Iron were larger, while In
! solvencies were fewer. Earnings of, rail-':
ways thus far> reported for June surpass
last year's by 10 per cent, an<J those of
1901 by 19.1 per cent. %
More .inquiries for pig. iron have ap
peared and although the actual contracts
*re for comparatively - small - quantities,
Foreign iron and steel are apparently
out of the market to stay. . Hardware Is
in better demand, though not as good as
a year ago, but manufacturers- arc re
ported, to have agreed to maintain prices
at last year'B rates. Copper is weak, with
rumored sales at one-quarter cent re
duction and tin is lower on liquidation.
Shoe shipments last week were among
the heavic-st In years.
Business failures In the United States
for the week ending with* July 2 number
1G2, against 171 last week. 138 in the like
wcok of 1902, 145 In 1901, 116 in 1900 and 136
In 1SSD.
NEW YORK, July 3.— Bradstreet's to
jnorrow will say:'
Warm, forcing weather has been the
keynote of the situation this week, induc
ing favorable conditions for the winter
wheat harvest, special progress by^corn
and cotton, enlargement in retail trade in
summer goods, generally heretofore back
ward, and, which is most important of
all, bringing about a mueh more cheer
ful feeling as to the future outlook for
business generally.
Additional reports as to six months'
trade are more favorable, despite earlier
unfavorable conditions. June bank clear
ings, though aided by stock, grain and
cotton speculation, large semi-annual dis
bursements and the pulling through of
large dealingf*, have not been wholly de
pendent thereon for the marked expan
sion shown last year. Failure returns are
likewise favorable. In that six months'
embarrassments were the smallest in
number reported in twenty years, though
a comparatively few large suspensions,
widely separated and generally unre
lated to each othrr, swelled liabilities 5
per cent above these last year. Gener
ally speaking, the second half of the year
opens auspiciously.
A slight decrease in sugar, designed tp
encourage backward demand, is noted.
Yellow pine and white pine lumber is
weaker at tho Wc-st, but unchanged at
the East, while hardwoods are generally
firmly held.
Aflde from the continuance oft the.
slightly better feeling noted in iron , and
steel last week, developments are fe*?.\
New buying is still small, though better
than for some weeks past. Better crop
reports and the placing of large rail or
ders for next year are a source of con
fidence.
Dr. Ammen Farenholt sailed for Una
laska on the Concord. He is the youngest
doctor to enter the United States navy as
full surgeon, and now, at the ago of 30,
he ranks as lieutenant commander. His
father. Admiral O. W. Farenholt. who re
tired last year after forty years' service
in the navy, is residing at the Cosmos
Club in this city.
Dr. and ai SIrs. . Earle Brpwnell, nee
Pierce, are entertaining a little daughter
at their present home in. Baltimore; Mra.
Walker and Mrs. Ira Walker went on
from San Francisco for the event. On
their return from a' European wedding
trip Dr. and Mrs. Brown^ll stopped . at
Baltimore, where the doctor -has been
studying for a degree at the Johns Hop
kins school. • \
- « • •
A very smart house party given on
Mount Tamalpais a few days ago com
prised the following guests: Sir C. C. and
Ijimly Scott Moncrieff, Mrs. Scott Mon
crieff, Mr. and Mrs. Hadfleld, ; England;
Miss Siebohm, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson King,
Miss Wale and Arthur Holland, San
Francisco.
f . • • •
Mrs. T. W. Collins has gone to 'Alaska
for a month's outinc
The Misses Reyna and Gussie.Belasco
daughters of David Belasco, the play
wright, gave a luncheon to Miss Tillle
Lowenthal, MIbs Sadie Herenghi, ~ s Miss
Anne Levy and Miss Julia Weil at.' a
downtown rotisserie yesterday. The table
decorations were very beautlfuL Ameri
can Beauty roses and sweet peas were
used in profusion and with pleasing 1 ef
fect. An orchestra discoursed music dur-
Ing'the repast. Since their arrivel In this
city the Misses Belasc.o have been royally
entertained. They are with their mother
at the residence of Mrs. E. Friedlander,
158 Central-' avenue. ,
I Del Monte is at its height of gaycty
just now. The hours are chiefly devoted
to 6wimming, automobillng and golf.: ',.;
Clinton E.vWorden and family, Mrs. J.
O. Oyster and family, F.: A. Greenwood,
C. . W. ' Earle, i Congressman" McCIeary. of
Minnesota and- son, '-; Miss Ely*' of -• New
YOUNG SURGEON
SAILS AWAY ON
THE CONCORD
Miss Bessie Bowje is expected home
next Tuesday.
Miss Adah Howell is the guest of Mrs.
de Young in San Rafael.
Senator George C. Perkins and Miss
Pansy Perkins leave this week for a Eu
ropean, trip. They will be absent for some
months.
Miss Mazie Crowley of San Rafael left
on Thursday for Rowardennan to remain
during the season. She has just returned
from a visit of two weeks to Mr. and
Mrs. D. G. Scofield at Alameda.
• « •
Mrs. Gilbert Brooke Perkins of New
York, formerly Clara Huntington. has
been paying a short visit to. her mother,
Mrs. H. E. Huntington. She will leave
to-day for the East. Mrs. Huntington will
accompany her daughter as far as Qg
dcn. . /
LEXINGTON, Ky., July 3.-It is learned
here that since the trials of Curtis Jett
and Thomas White have been transferred
to Cynthiana. a band of men, believed to
be eleven In number, are traversing Harri
son County, where the next jurors' are to
be secured, representing themselves to
be mule buyers. The purchase idea, how
ever, is a cloak to question the farmers
who may be called to serve on the next
jury as to what they think of the guilt
of the prisoners as a bar to service and
for grounds of another possible triax after
a verdict Is rendered.
These alleged mule buyers never close
trades, .always finding some excuse, and
ride on to the next farm. An effort is be
ing made to ascertain their names and
who sent them.
York. Mr. and ' Mrs. Homer S. King,
Frank King, W. D. Bourn and family,
Horace L. Hill and family and Mrs. A.
L. Tubbs are at Del Monte.
Slashed in a Bow.
Daniel Lafferty,- a stone cutter residing
• «t Twenty-ninth and Mission streets, was
• peverely cut "in the right leg by an un-
. Jcnovn Japanese in a Japanese shooting
irallery on Dupont Btrcet, between Bush
. "and Pine, late last r.ipht. He was treated
• by Dr. Harvey at the Emergency hos
• pltaJ. . '
Quarrel-Over Unionism.
w. M. Eagan, a union painter, residing
at 212 t"leven,th street, was badly beaten
by two* non-union painters working on a
building at the corner of McAllister street
and First avenue yesterday afternoon.
£ag&n went out to try and convert the
painters to the union cause. A fight
fallowed, in ¦which the union painter was
Harshly used. He was' treated at the
Park Emergency Hospital fcr several
faceratlons of the scalp and numerous
wounds on the face. No arrests were
«iade. '
Friends of Marcum's Al
leged Murderers Make
Deep Move.
Commercial Outlook Im
proved by Climatic
Conditions.
Miniature arrow heads cut out of jasper
and carnelian are found to' this day by
Arab3 in the desert sands and strung In
necklaces for charms.
LAYING WIRES
FOR NEW TRIALS
creed. . ; . . . • .
\Among the delegates in attendance at
the convention are Dr. Voorsanger and
Dr. Nieto of San -Francisco, Rabbi M.
Friedlander of Oakland "'and Professor
Margolis of the IlnlYJergity of California. ,
ual leadershio of American Israel Is vested
feels extremely proud of American citizenship
which makes It possible for the chief magis
trate of our country to. pursue .a "diplomatic
course of action which, while observant of the
rule* of comity due to friendly powers, Is firm
In its Insistence on the high ideals of fairness
and justice without regard to race, color or
the tone is distinctly better. Bessemer
iron is not offered for the third quarter
by the Association, and orders accepted
for early delivery are taken by middle
men, who have stocks on' hand. The sit
uation has complicated during the past
week by the strike of coal miners in
Alabama, which threatens to restrict the
output of Southern iron. Insofar as quo
tations are concerned, this is a strength
ening factor, and is also calculated to
bring out considerable business that Is be
ing held back | in expectation of better
terms. Steel rails are still the best fea
ture in the demand for finished products.
Fully half a million tons are now booked
for next year's delivery and many orders
for 1903 will be carried over. . Structural
material moves freely, considering the
labor situation in the building trades,
while there Is notable activity in bars,
especially for agricultural Implements and
machinery works.
Footwear manufacturers in New .Eng
land have received liberal supplementary
orders for fall shoes from. Eastern job
bers in addition to a fair supply of con
tracts already on hand.
A quiet season in the leather market
has produced small concessions in /prices
of hemlock sole and oak belting, while
harness leather is n<5w the most
feature. Both domestic and foreign hides
average a. small fraction • lower for the
week, with a large transaction in goods
damaged by floods the ch.Ief
Slight advances are. recorded in ' some
divisions of the cotton goods market, but
the changes are practically nominal.
Salesmen Elect Officers.
The Furniture, Carpet and Drapery
Salesmen's. Union met last evening and
ejected the following officers to serve
during. the ensuing year: President, W. W.
Cross*; first vice president, S. F. DeYoe;
second vice president, J. F. -Kitterman;
guide, L. Samuel; recording secretary, C.
L: Hulse; financial secretary; J. Auflnger;
treasurer, R. 8. Preesley; trnstees, - F.
Byers, J.A. Kearney and E. D. Berri.
TWO LOCAL JEWISH PREACHERS WHO ARE IX DETROIT ATTEND
ING THE CONFERENCE OF AMERICAN RABBIS, AT LAST SESSION
OF WHICH AN IMPORTANT QUESTION WAS DECIDED.
The elephant has a trunk. Have you?
If not. buy 6ne from Leibold Harness Co..
211 Larkin st. Ten per cent off for next two
weeks. All goods marked in plain figures.*
ST. LOUIS. July 3.— Fifteen persons
were injured this morning in a collision
between two streetcars at the Intersection
of Olive street and Jefferson avenue. A.
G. Killu, motorman on the Olive-street car.
is not expected to recover, but most of
the others will, it is believed.
Both cars were filled with passengers.
The Olive-street line had the right of
way, but the Jefferson-avenue car instead
of slackening speed at the crossing, ran
on and crashed into the other car. When
it was seen that a collision was imminent
the passengers became panic-stricken.
The impact was so violent that the Olive
street car was hurled completely over on
its side and all the passengers piled in a
heap. All the injured were taken In am
bulances to their homes or to the City
Hospital.
Fifteen iDJured in St
Louis Street Rail
road Collision.
CAR PASSENGERS
PILED IN A HEAP
.^. -terrific explosion nearly demolished
tfae beautiful residence of William O. HI1
"bjsn. secretary -of tiie Oil Land Company,
5S1'-Col« etreot. shortly before noon yes
t^rd&y. The "entire basement of the place
.•was wrecked and part of the first story
budly damaged. Tjie explosion was the
i-es\tft of an experiment by, a small boy,
• V.bo was engaged in mixing a combina
tion of deadly explosives In the basement
. i'» preparation for the Fourth of July. \
That no on© wa^ killed or badly Injured
•.is a miracle, as large boards, bricks and
pirces-of glass were hurled in every direc
tion. The neighbors were badly frlght
• ened- TSe explosion shook houses in the
vicinity and caused 'men aiid women to
•' run panic-stricken, fearing tnat their
lfves yerfe la danger.
¦ • Tha. explosion was due to a small boy's
teal In getting ready for the Fourth. The
fourteen-«-ear-o/d son of Hllblsh was bus
*ily enraged all morning in getting, his flre
'* works and* cannon In shape for to-day.
•¦Unknown to his parents, the lad went to
a ne4r-by &rug stone- and purchased a
quantity of pulyerlied sulphur and chlor
lSft of p6tash for the purpose of making
out of them various kinds of colored
• lights.
-. • . CHEMICALS MIX.
I \ &e returned to the basement of the
5 house, where he had been working all
• ttornlng, and prepared to mix the-explos-
# lves. .In the basement close by him at the
time were- a quantity or gunpowder and
Vom«. muriatic acid, which the lad-intend
ed" to mix «with the other stuff.
•He .was -busily engaged in his experi
• nient when, according to the toest infor
toatio.n obtainable, one of his companions
/whistled for .bim -to come out into the
• street. "The boy at once dropped his wo.rk
.and°rar> out "to meet his companion. He
• slammed the. door in a. hurry and it is
eaid 'that* the Jar of the closing door
•Ihiirted the bottles of muriatic acid and
• ;<o tatii together with su.ch force • as to
t'ause the explosion, wnlch was made
".doubly, jsevene by the powder and the pul
•\ \i>nzed sulphur, which became ignited.
\A ith a thundering boom the explosives
went off, literally wrecking the basement
•<£f the- house. All the windows of the
i>lace were broken, part of the founda
tion was "wrecked and the stairs were
• Wintered" by the terrific force of the ex
•jflosion. Up on th'e first floor of the I
""house many windows' were broken and a
; l«!g -hole was b"lown through one part of ;
' thv floor. . •
: ': ' RUSH FEOM HOME.
Mrs. liiJbish* and a servant were up- j
..«-.kirs Q* the time* and they ran screaming '
into the .street*.* Both* were badly fright- !
erred, by. the. explosion, but fortunately!
jj ncijheE of them was injured. The boy \
who was responsible for It all. rah
<crea,ming down the. street, frightened'
Kalf to death. . • .
A lire a*iarni was «tured -in arid Truck ;
•.«s hurried 'to ihe «?*c.ene. The place., how-!
was. riot \iri lire and Ihe de- j
jjtfrjed. ".Trip -colicc department was 'then:
iiotlfied*iand.an"-in.vestiga : .tion*commfnc*ed I '
•Tjilt ncjhins was done;, qs the expiosipn
; waSfPurely'tfce.tvsult' of.an accident. '
'.• . The Hjlbfsn 1 family "was! forced ta leave
' home £nd stpji otker quarters. It j& da«i-'
•g^riDus to enter the house, for the time
'* Being*, at lea^, as- som£ of the rafters
were probably loosened' by the force of
, fhe explosion! and the house might possi
bly coliapse. The damage will amount to
ct»e\»eral hundred dollars.
Thirty-five setters and eighteen point
ers have been, entered for the twenty-first
annual Derby of the Pacific Coast Field
Trials Club' to be rim at "Bakersfield next
January, / The complete list - of entries
made: with Secretary Betz follows:
Henry' W. Keller's (Santa Monica) orange
and white bitch Sombra. -whelped August 12.
1002 (L'lewellyn Drake-Shadow). Breeder, W.
W«, Van* Arsdale. San Francisco.
Alexander Hamilton's (San Francisco) black
and white dog Lady's Lad (Clipper W-Lady),
whelped June 16, 1002. Breeder. J. E. Terry.
Sacramento.-
R. H. Dunn't (Elko, Nev.) white, black and
tan bitch Hoosler Belle (Marie's Sport-Fairy
land Queen), whelped June,' 1002. Breeder, W.
J. Baughn, Rldgeville, Ind. , ;
Dr. C. E. -Wilson's (Elko. Nev.) lemon and
white bitch Rosie O'Grady (Marie'6 Sport-Isa
bella Maid), whelped April. 1902. Breeder. H.
B. Ledbetter, Missouri. - . N '•
Same owner's black, white- and tan bitch
Sweet Marie.- Same breeding. -
W. W. Van Arsdale's (San Francisco) white
and orange bitch Count's Gift (Count's Mark-
Verona Schoolgirl), whelped April 10, 1002.
Breeder, owner. ,
Same owner's white, black' and tan dog
Klamath (California Bell Boy-Rod's Lark),
whelped April 20, 1002. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's white, black and tan bitch
Keepsake (California Bell Boy-Peach Blossom),
whelped August 22, 1002. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's white and orange bitch Man
zanlta (Llewellyn Drake-Shadow), whelped Au
gust 12, 1002. Breeder, owner.
Same qwner'a white, black and tan deg Cala
veras (California Bell Boy-Peach Blossom),
whelped August 22, 1002. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's white and orange dog Monte
rey (Llewellyn Drake-Shadow), whelped Au
gust 12, 1902. Breeder, owner.
John Schumacher's (Los Angeles) white,
black and tan bitch Vallta (California Bell Boy-
Rod's Lark), whelped April 20, 1902. Breeder,
W. W. Van Arsdale.
John W. Consldine's (Seattle, Wash.,) white
and lemon dog Tony's Tony (Tony Boy- Belton
Girl). Breeder. F. A. Malbaugh. Liberty, Ind.
Whelped August 13. 1002.
Same owner's white, black and tan dog
Hick's Lad (Doc Hick-Woodcraft), whelped
May 23, 1002. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's white, black and tan bitch
Hick's Bab: same breeding.
Charles W. Coggin's (Igerna. Cal.,) black,
while and tan dog Sharon Boy (Tony Boy-
Sport's Destiny), whelped June ao, 1902.
Breeder, A. H. Nelson. Tacoma, Wash.
Same owner's white, black and tan bitch
Miss Nelson; same breeding. |
Same owner's white, black and tan bitch
Mountain Quail (Charm-Jessie Gladstone),
whelped January 2, 1002. Breeder. G. W. Tib
betts. Colusa, Cal.
H. L. Betten's (Alameda. Cal..) black, white
and tan bitch Rod's Rhvme (Charles Rodfleld-
Loulsc Danttone). whelped May 10. 1002.
Breeder, D. D. Cornell, Knoxvllle, Iowa.
A. L. Scott's (San Francisco) black, white
and tan dog Mustache (Count's Mark-Verona
Schoolgirl), whelped August 12. 1902. Breeder,
W. W. Van Arsdale.
J. E. Terry's (Sacramento, Cal.,) black,
white and tan bitch Countess Lou (Count's
Mark-Mary Lou), whelped September 4, 1002.
Breeder, owner.
6. Christensen's (San Francisco) black, white
and tan dog Count Jo. same breeding as above.
(Count's Mark-Mary Lou.)
J. M. Kilgarlfs (San Francisco) black, white
and tan bitch Diane, same breeding. ' (Count's
Mark-Mary^Lou.)
C. p. Worden's (San Francisco) black, white
ftnd tan bitch Count's Cash (Count Whitestone-
Sport's Belle), whelped July 12. 1002. Breedtr,
C Blackburn, Ola the. Kan. ....
'A. B. TrutnanS (San Francisco) black, white
and tan dog Tony Boy T (Tony Count-Nellie
C). whelped June, 1902. Breeder, D. K. Rose,
Lawrenceberg, Tenn.
Same owner's black, white and tan dog Sport
Gath T fSport's Gath-Tony's Maid), whelped
July, lfHJ2. Same . breeder. ' ' • ¦ ' ••
. William Dormer's (San Francisco) lemon and
white; 'dog Don Jose (Lady's Count Gladstone-
Flo ' Ttodfield), whelped January * 16 190X
Breeder, F. A. MalbauKh. Liberty, Ind.
B. J. Baum's. (San Francisco) Muck ' white
and tan dog Starlight Jr. (Starlight-Rod's Syl
via), whelped April IS, 1002. Breeder, owner
T. J. Watson's (San Francisco) orange and
white dog Star's Rod. Breeding same as Star
light Jr.
Phil Wand's (San Francisco) black white
and tan dog Bowling Green (Petrel's Count-
Fairyland Pet), whelped July «, 1902 Breeder
Mrs. Thomas Murphy. Hollister, CaL
i. J; E V. L H5 as ' <San Kafael. Cal..) lemon and
belton bitch Petrel's Pearl. Breeding same as
Bowling Green above.
John Rlplinger's (Seattle. Wash..) black and
S.i e « bitch rremJe r B elle (Ch. Clnclnnatus
f rl ?«^ r0 « n> " Queen Vlc >- whelped . December
Minn rceder - E " D - Brow "\ Minneapolis.
T. J. A. Tiedemann's (San Francisco) white,
black and tan bitch Northern Belle (Cal Bell
"oy-Nprthern Huntress), whelped May 12
1902. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's white, black and tan dog
?. Obe J? y^nyn (Llewellyn Drake-Miss
Maud), whelped July 30. 1002. Breeder
Thomas Pllmley. Victoria. B C
A. H. Nelson's (Tacoma. Wash.) white black
and tan bitch Sporting Duchess (Tony Bov-
Sport's Destiny), whelped June 30, 1002.
Breeder, owner •
POINTERS
William Dormer's liver and white bitch
LIze (Ashbury-Vlc's Queen), whelped April 1
10(12. Breeder. Victor Poncelot. \
W. B. Coutt'B (Kenwood. Cal.) black and
white , dog Glen Rose. (Glendale-Kenwood
Rose), whelped April 12, 1902. Breeder
owner. . * .'
J. W. Flynn's (San Francisco) liver and
white bitch Whisper D (Kenwood Dan-Whis
per), whelped September 10 1002. . Breeder
Tod Sloan.
John Schumacher's liver and white iloj?
Frank W (Don Graphic), whelped July. 1902.
Breeder. F W. Emery. Pasadena. Cal.
Dr. A. T, Leonard's (San Francisco) liver
and white (log Wallace Bruce (Kenwood Dan-
Whisper), whelped September 10. 1002. Breed
er. Tod Sloan.
O. E. Worden'e liver and white dogr Sandle
wood (Cuba of Kenwood-Petronella) whelped
January 22, 1902. Breeder, Stockdale Ken
nels.
J. B. Lucas* liver and ¦white dojr Buck H
fBuck of Kent-Queen H). whelped January 0,
1002.. Breeder, James Hay ward. San Fran
cisco. . ¦
¦\V. W. Van Arsdale'a white and lemon dog
Marlpopa (Dr. Daniels-Nancy Jingo), whelped
June TO. 1902. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's white and llvec bitch Senori
ta. Sam<? breeding.
Stockdalo Kennels' <Rakersn>ld. Cal.) bitch,
black and white. Fly's Pearl (Cuba Jr.-Winni
peg Fly), whelped February 8. lCXC. Breeder,
owner.
game owner's white and black bitch Dodge's
Stella. II. ¦ Same breeding.
' Same owner's black and white bitch (Ch.
Sam'H Bow-Winnipeg Fly), whelped September
1J). l!)02. Breeder.- owner.
Same owner's black and white doff '¦
(Ch. Sam's Bow-Winnipeg Fly), whelped Sep
tember 19. 1902. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's white and liver dog Cuba's
Olenwood (Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-Petronella),
whelped January 22. 1002. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's liver and white dog Cuba's
Cottonwood (Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-Petronella).
whelped January U2. 1902. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's liver and white bitch Cuba's
Ivy wood. .Same breeding as above.,
s Same owner's liver and white dog Cuba's
Sinew (Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-Florida), whelp
ed ApVil 2. 1002. Breeder, owner.
Same owner's Cuba's General Joe Wheeler,
liver and white dog. Same breeding. *
Residence of W. O. Hilbish
• Is Scene of % Peculiar
• Accident.
Thirty Fine 'Setters and
Eighteen Pointers in
the Lists.
ETROIT, July 3.— "This confer
once declares itself in favor of
maintaining the historical Sab
bath as a fundamental institution
of Judaism and of exerting every
effort to improve Its observance and In
struct the executive committee to appoint
a special commission to study methods of
carrying this Into effect-"
The Central Conference of American
Rabbis placed itself on record on the
Sabbath question to-day by the adoption
of the above amendment to the report of
the Sabbath commission on the question:
"What is our attitude on the Sabbath
question?"
The officers v were also ekcted this after
noon, all business was transacted and the
conference adjourned sine die.
The Sabbath question was taken up at
the forenoon session after several com
mittee reports had been disposed of and a
telegram ordered sent to President
Roosevelt congratulating him on hia de
cision to forward the resolutions of the
Society of B'nai B'rith to the Czar and
thanking him for it. Rabbi Voorsanger
of San Francisco, the chairman of the
commission, Introduced the commission's
sub-report, which the conference ordered
last Wednesday after the first report had
been declared too lengthy and not posi
tive enough in Its answers to the seven
questions It was organized to report upon.
Dr. Sllverman turned over the chair to
the secretary after the report had been
read and offered as a substitute for the
commission's reply to the first question
the statement that was adopted this aft
ernoon, favoring the maintenance of the
historical Sabbath. He declared that the
commission's report vras a mere begging
of .the question and stated with great pos
itiveness that the conference must at this
time declare itself in unmistakable terms
on this Sabbath question.
When the vote was taken Dr. Silver
man's amendment was adopte<l_by a vote
of 2S to 9. Dr. Voorsanger, Dr. Phlllpson
and several others who voted no wished
to have it made clear that in so voting
they were not opposed to the historical
Sabbath, but were merely upholding the
commission's attitude on the question.
Consideration of the rest of the Sabbath
commission's report was then postponed
until next year. The following officers
were elected:
Honorary president. Dr. K. Kohler of
New York, president-elect Ct the Hebrew
Union College at Cincinnati.
President, Joseph Krauskopf of Phila
delphia.
•Vice presidents, Joseph Stolz of Chi
cago, Dr. J. Voorsanger of San Francisco.
Treasurer, Charlrs L-vi of Peoria, 111.
Corresponding secretary, W. Rosenau
of Baltimore. . *
Recording 'secretary, Adolpb Guttmaker
of Baltimore.
Following Is .th'e text of the telegram
sent _ to President Roosevelt:
To President Theodore Roosevelt. Oyster
Ray: The Central Conference of ' American
Rabbis, in annual convention assembled, begs
to t-xpreR? to you its unbounded admiration of
the manly, courageous and truly American at
titude you h^ve' adopted In regard to the for
wardjng of the -petition of the Jewish citizens
of the United States on behalf of the unfor
tunate corelicionlsts of his Majesty,, the Czar
of. Russia. The conference. In which the splrit-
WARM WEATHER
HELPS BUSINESS
"'Neighbors Run When
'. : Boy's Experiment
• . • Wrecks Housa
Liberal Entry Jtfade for
the Derby to Be Run
in January.
Gathering at Detroit Elects Dr. Jacob Voorsanger of This City Vice
President, Chooses Other Officers, and Thanks Roosevelt
for His FJromise to Forward Hebrew petition to the Czar
PANIC-STRICKEN
BY EXPLOSION
SPORTING DOGS
IN FIELD TRIALS
CONFERENCE OF AMERICAN RABBIS
VOTES TO RETAIN JEWISH SABBATH
THJG SAN FKAiXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
4
AJ5VEBTISEMENTS.
I TO THE FUSm-IO! 1
ftj W.y. • ..Commencing July 4th and until further notice. the rate
S for gas to our consumers in the City .'and County of San 8
0 Francisco will be One ($1.00) Dollar per 1000 cubic feet, un- • 8
S less a lower rate is provided by contract. , ' S
*• Until further notice,' rates as provided jis pe^r Municipal o
« Ordinance will be charged for electric current, unless a spe- §
§ cial rate is. provided by contract. Special rates and contracts JS
g will be furnished on applicationl V 8
8 V -.;.- I\DEPEI\DEIMT CAS &. POWER "COMPAMY, |
8 ' , v A: M, HUNT, Gen'l. Manager; §
1 INDEPENDENT ELECTRIC LICflTS: POWER COMPANY, g
§ A.- M. HUNT, Gen'l. Manager. &
§ SAN FRANCISCO CAS &. ELECTRIC COMPANY, %
I " " " ' ¦ A LL A i N" I>OLLO^- Manager. S
i PACIFIC CAS IMPROVEMENT COMPANYV »
§ EPVIJABLE CAS LIGHT J^MPANYV |
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
]'Q.t Suffering From
¦ Heart Disease.
I.Would Not be Alive
•¦;';"' Today
' -But For Dr. Miles' Heart
.• Cure.
. . Do not neglect the yarning symptoms of a
weak heart. Palpitation, smothering spells,
•wellurg of feet or ankles, pain in and around
heart; oftentimes affections of the stomach,
. •. lccgt, lnrer. bladder, kidneys, etc, arise from.
..•heart- -weakness. A weak heart most be
: helped. It cannot stop to rest. It must be
strengthened and regulated. The blood must
— .be enriched, the heart nerves strengthened
• • and the circulation improved by the great
•'heart and blood tonic, Dr. Miles' Heart
. . Cure. There is positively nothing to equal
. this wonderful medicine in its beneficial
influence upon hearts weakened from any
'cause.
. "I- am tcxt grateful for what Dr. Miles
" Heart Cure nas done for me, as I am confi-
* cent I would not be alive today had I not
learned" cf it» wondtrfal virtues and taken it
before it was too late. I had been a sufferer
from vsJ vular heart disease for many years.
in fact ever since I was a little girl and for
* three years before I began using Heart Cure
* I was in very bad shape. * I could not sleep
en my left side, at all and would frequently
. have the most dreadful smothering spells.
At 'times my left tide would swell up. f had
pain in: my head all the time from which I
suffered creatly. Nothing I took did me
any good until I used eleven bottles of Dr.
Miles' Heart Can which removed all these
distressing symptoms and made me feel well
and strong."— Mrs. II. C Cruse, San Fran-
* Cisco, CaL
All drur-gists tell and guarantee first bet-
(le Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
»o ,"N>n-oc» and Heart Diseases. Address
U. Mile* Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind, -. ..^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Tyfold Collar
The picture shows how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. Tiie collar comes
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of sight.
Your summer comfort will be increased
if you wear one, and you'll thank tS
for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluett Brand, 2 5c each
Arrow Brand, 15c each
Cluett, Peabody & Co.
9^* «•*•» •<••»>'•••>•. •••fci *» < *a. •%. «*^ •••>. ¦*» ¦•t^o
P visit DR. JORDAN'S great I
{HUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A gj lC51)U2ZXTS7.totS'Jift?Ji,S.rCal.i
\ q^ Th« Larrett Anatomical Muwum In the \
m ' j«.in_>i_ "OtKL weaknesses or any contracted A
JL flt» £fl duea»e po«ltl«.l 7 cared by tht oldest T
9 I "£j[te I b P«a»list on the Coast. Em. 36 ynn. O
6 U*p*£h OR* JORCAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\\\ W0 9 Consultation free and strirtly priratr \
§ « JfiVL fl T"*"*" 11 *"" personally pr by Inter. A §
\ H W 1 M """•• Otr «'n«*'« r yc««eon<leitakni. T
Ov\ IV Book, PHIIOtOPnVof i
W * j ' BfAHRIACK. MAILED P*EE. (Af
A %i li »a!uabls book for mea) \
(r I>K. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. 7
J^^ Those safferinff from weak-
P^ nesses which sap the pleasures"
- ¦ ¦ - ¦ of life should take Jnven Pills.
: til One bottle will teU'ar story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenatine. vitallzine force than bun ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain packaee
onlv on receipt of this adr. and $1. v™"***
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Barsaparilla. Lowell. Maaa.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE CAMIANA BITTKKS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; «lv«» health and
atrcngth to »e»mU organa. Pepot. 323 MarkH.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price. Lists Mailed
'¦ • en Application.
rRESH AJinO 8ALT MEATS
JAS. BOYES & CO. gy^g»^g
OFFICE, BASTK TXTaSXTTJ^E, STC.
GEO.:H. FULLER DESK CO. 2J£J&
: \ OUS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * FT r re '
41S Front «t.. 6. F. Phone Mil* m^ 6 *
':'>¦';.• vxxarszne. ~ ~
E.CBUGBES, m^iSS^^i
OCEAN TBAVEL.
-rr-ffTSs. Steamera leave Saa Fran-
Zs>^ For Ketchlkan. Juae*u.
\ \ VSSa i '-*'¦ August 4. Change to
v\\\ ~ /' °/ com P an >' t mi ** men at 8eAt "
tlC For Victoria, Vaacoorer.
«i2i>*^ port Townaend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. W hatcom T 1 k, a "n^kf J^iittl-
10. 15. 20. 25. 30. Augrust 4. £**?*«** f nd O
a V'orferera\ 0 H C um^Mt>y>-Po Tn .f 1*0
p tn July 3 9. 15. 21. 27. Aujrust 2; Corcaa.
1 30 p m. JW 6. 12. 18- *K** Au^»i * d
For Lo« Angele. tvla Port Lo- An^'t»**!f
Redondo ). San . Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. «"- -
State of California. Thursday.. » *¦ ta.
For Los Angles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. SaataCniz Mon
terey. Pan Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Ohisno). Ventura and Hu*. n «rn«<
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July S. lb. -*. A^; l d J;
For Ensenada. Magdaler.a Bay San Jose de.
Cabo. Altata. La Pa*. Santa TlosaUa Guay-
mas <M>x.).-10 a. m.. 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain fol.ler.
Rljtht is reserved to change steamers or sau-
ln ?rfr l "iB I T OTrPTGFX— * * ew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C D DUNAN'K. Gensral PassengerAgent.
10. Market st.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO. .
"Columbia" sails June 22. July 2. 12. M-
"Georg* W. Elder" sails June 27 July 7. 1 ..
27 Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR..
and short rail line from Portland to all point-i
East. Through tickets tp all Poi"\^ »» •?"£*"
steamship and rail, at LOTS EbT RATES.
Steamer tickets include berth and meaw.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S.
F BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgom-
ery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Ftt. Dept.. 3
Montgomery at. »
AMERICAS -CIITE.
New ""Tori: — Sontaaiaptoa—- Lonfloa.
N. Tork.July 8, 10 am'St/Paul.Juljr 22. 1» am
Phila July 15. 10 arolN. Tork.Aus. 5. 10 am
ATLANTIC T*RA"ffSFO:aT'IiIJ"f*S.
New York — "Londos.
Micne*ha.JuIy ll,«:30 a.'Mln'nka. July 25. 6 am
M»saba..July 13. tf amlMin'lls.Aug.l. 11:30 am
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINIOST ItZXTE. •
• Eoiton — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
X«w England... July »j Mayflower Aug. M
Mayflower J«'y 1C Columbus Aug. 2»
Commonwealth. J«ly 30! Commonwealth. Aug. XX
New England... Aug. -* 1 - '
Mo-Qtze*l — Iilverpool — ghort sea passage
Canada .. ..t . .July lSDominfon Aug. I
Kensington..-. -July 25 Southwark Aug. 9.
Boston MEDITEHSANEAI* 3ervlC9. *
- Azores, Gibraltar, 2TapI:«, Oenc % J
Vancouver...^- Sat.. July 19. Aug. 2J* Oct. 10
Cambroman Sat.. Aug. 9. S«pt. VJ
¦ HOLLAND AMERICA LINE. >
IT aw York — Eotterdam via BaalQffB*.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a." m.
Ryndam July fjRotterdani July 29 •
Js'oordam July ISPotsdam Aug. 3
BED STAS LTgr~g. :
Haw Torlt — Antwerp— Paris.
Zealand. July 11. 10 am! Vad'rl'i.July 25. 10 tm •
Finland. July IS. 10 am'Kroonl'd/Aug. 1. 10 am
WHITE f STAB LIJTE.
Hew York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing "Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic. July 8, noon [Cedric. July 17.10:30 am
Arabic July 10. « am Vlctorian.July 21. 6 am
Germanic.July 15. noon|MaJestic..July 22. noon
C D TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Paclfle Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Nome and
:\> St. Michael
THE Al FAST
S. S. "St. Paul"
CAPT. C. E. LIKDQUIST..
\'" (Carrying V. S. Mails}
FROM SAN FRANCISCO
About July 7. 2 p. m., .^/ .
Connecting with the Company's* Steamer* fer
ALL. BEHRINO PEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Boats for •
ALL KOYUTCrK , TAN AX A and YUKON
RIVER POINTS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL. CO..
645 Market Street. San Franclseo*
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO->
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. ni.. for TOKOHAM.V
• nd HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hk>go>.
Nagasaki and' Shanghai, and connecting at
HonitKonff with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on Cay of sailing-
S. S. HONGKONG MARU i
Tuesday. July 7. 1SMVS
S. S. NIPPON MARL' Friday. Jury 31. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU ....•*
Wednesday. Aqgnst 2B.19O.-.
Via IToRcluln. Round-trip tickets at reduced
: rates. For freight and passage, apply at' Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner' F1r»t.
VT. H. AVERY. General Agent.
fiamburg-Slmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH, CHERBOURG. HAMBURG. \
Twla- Screw Express and Puteagtr Samoa.
Deutschland ...July 2F. Bismarck.... July 1« .
Phoenicia July 4 Patricia .July n
Moltke July ft Bluecher July 23
Pennsylvania ..July 11-Pretoiia Aug. 1
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LISTS. 37 B'wty. M. T.
HKRZOO & CO.. 401 California »t.. Gen. Agt».
occanics.sxo.sss
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 4. 11 a . m
SS. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 10, 11 a. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July 16. 2 p. hi.'
4J.SPSfCXflS18I3J,CO.,|-^-.r-dt3t0raa,843Iartj!R
FrisM StSsc 323 larbtSL.tels. 7. Fads St
C0K7A0NIS 6E5XSALS TRAN3ATLANTHJU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. j,^*—
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a, irt., from Pier 42. •SasS^bl*
North River. • foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. .«7t> and upward. '. S«c-
or.c'.-clafis io Havre. 145 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson butldlnr)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI St CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*. .
t£ar« Island, and Vailejo Steanen. '
Steami-r GEN. FRISBIE or MCNTI CELLO
—0:15 a. ro.. 3:15 and »:SO p. m.. ex. Sunday
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Valleio
T a. m.. 12:CO:noon. 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday Sun^
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. {W> «nt». Tel-
j Main IMS. Pier 2. Mls&lon-*t. dock. HATCH
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S "LITTLE LIVER PILLS mast bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^^^^
Jlliiij SICK HEADACHE. ||| g \# ET E5 •
torpFd. liver. p^| ¦ «r fan ¦
/mm \\ FURRED TONGUE.glJ B^H H H
fflffl M INDIGESTION.. W& P| LL^^
r I/I \J CONSTIPATION^^^^ * ___jZ^^
• S ALLOW^KIN .
¦ ¦% #ff=as=* SmallPOI.
: _. _ '. . _ , . • R I \# |E^ U 8mall Dos*
They TOUCH theLl VEaH' 5m»ll Prlc*
Genuine Wrapper Printed on \T -*'
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS j/y%^^^<?Z>-z£
, Look for th« Signature * ' *¦ -* VsCS** *^It has been reported " that "the
Yellowstone Park is overcrowded thin season.
Such reporti are false, a* I am In receipt of 'a
telegram from park management advising that
they are now. and' will be during: the season
amply able to take first-class care of all that
may visit. the- park.",, T. K. STATEL.ER, Gen.
erao Agent, Northern Pacific Railway. . •
Yellowstone Park Not Crowded.
Louis Becker, 14 years of age, residing
at 797 Stevenson street, was seriously in
jured yesterday by falling from the side
walk Into the. basement of a house at
Ninth and Stevenson streets. He was re
moved to . the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where he was treated for numerous
minor injuries and a possible fracture of
tbe skull... ; . . : .
Boy Falls Into Basement.
Special Southern Pacific train will leave
Oakland, Fourteenth and Franklin streets,
12. a. m. Sunday (Saturday midnight),
connecting with ' special boat for San
Francisco. • ;."¦.-* •- ¦
OAKLAND CARNIVAL
SPECIAL. TRAIN.
Polfceman Charles W.. Brown heard
Hansen's cries for help and hurried to the
scene. He placed Knight and Anderson
under arrest and sent Hansen to the Har
bor Hospital. Hansen's scalp, neck and
shoulders were cut In several : places.
Knight and Anderson will' be charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
Charles Hansen has been living ' for
many years at the Winter House, 634 Sac
ramento street, and 'was looked upon as
a privileged person by the other boarders.
He and Walter Knight, the day clerk. dJd
not get along very well together andnie
says that Knight had threatened on sev
eral occasions to knock his head off.
•About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Hansen was in a* rear room and Knight
and a bedmaker. Robert C. Anderson, at
tacked him. with some . instrument— he
thinks an ax— and struck him repeatedly
with: It. s
They Are Placed Under Arrest for
Assault With a Deadly
Weapon.
DAY CLERK AND BEDMAKER
ATTACK GUEST WITH AN AX
Registrar Thomas J. Walsh has ad
dressed the Board of Supervisors the fol
lowing communication:
Referring to the resolution adopted by your
honorable body declaring Its sense that the
bond election for nubile Improvements should
be held on September 22. 1903. I have the
honor to inform you that the date fixed Is one
of the closing days for general registration for
the municipal election, and it will be impos
sible to hold the election then, as recom
mended by your board.
In view of the fact that you doubtless desire
to have every voter given an opportunity to ex
press his will at these Intended elections, I
most respectfully recommend that the date fo»
holding -the election for bonds -for public Im
provements be set for Tuesday, September 20.
1903.
Wants Election Date Changed.
Martin Anderson, Charles Jansen and
Fritz Harmoning, who pleaded guilty to a
charge of stealing a pair of rubber boots
from the United States revenue cutter
Bear, were sentenced yesterday In the
United States District Court to pay a fine
of $25 each, and in default to be impris
oned for thirty days in the San Francisco
County Jail. V. Hatori, a Japanese silk
smuggler, was sentenced to imprisonment
for three months at hard labor ln the San
Francisco County Jail.
The United States District Court ad
journed until July 11. Next Sunday Judge
de Haven will leave for Tacoma, where
he will preside over the United States
District Court at that place. During his
absence United States District Judge
James H. Beatty of Boise, Idaho, will
preside In the District Court In this city.
Sentences Imposed on a Bajtch of
Petty Thieves and Smug
glers of Silk.
JUDGE DE HAVJN WILL
HOLD COURT AT TACOMA
The cheapest and best way to spend the
Ffiurth of July holidays is to take an out
ing to some place along the CALIFORNIA
NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY. Special
ra\es will govern, so that every one can
spend the Fourth away from the noise
and confusion of the city.
In the resort column of this paper will
be found the advertisement of this com
pany, giving the special rates. •
Where to Go for the Fourth of July
Holidays.
The Placerville Nugget ha»,the follow
ing concerning El Dortdo County mines:
The un watering of • the - Havllah mine at
Nashville Is now nearly completed.. By the aid
of new pumps the water has been lowered un
til the pump, which through the breaking of a
chain was . recently lost In the bottom, of the
shaft, has been recovered. A new * tunnel ls
being run at the Vandalla mine under the old
workings of the mine. It la expected that
the new tunnel will cut- the rein of 'rich ore
A special correspondent: of the -Mining
and Scientific Press, .reports that the
dumps of the Gambetta mine at . Grub
Gulch. Madera. County, will- be ! screened
and worked. The workings are down 850
feet. Other facts concerning the Grub
Gulch section are • reported aa follows:
An easterly extension of the Josephine vein
has been opened up by C. M. .Ward & Co. of
Grub Gulch and some good ore is being found.
The Josephine was worked to a depth of-VOO
feet. A new shaft Is being sunk on the Cry«
tal Spring mine at Grub Gulch and ore Is. be
ing found.' The vein is small as yet. Some
ore has been crushed at the Gambetta mill.
The Savannah mine. . south of Fresno River,
two and a half miles south of Grub Gulch, ls
In operation. • Development work is r4n prog
rrss. The mines of this district are chiefly
tn mica schist and mica slate. The ores are
free milling and there Is little water in the
mines. • ¦ . ¦ • , - -
T. Dunn of Greenville, Plumas County,
has bought the Round Valley. Consolidated
group of mines in North Canyon.' near
Greenville. There are five claims in the
combination and a 10-stamp mill ls includ
ed in the sale. The Centennial mine, mill
and water right. Genesee Valley, have
been bought by F. A. Meldlnger of the
Five Bear Mining Company.
ACTIVE OPERATION.
The present concerted movements on the
part of two wide agencies of the Govern
ment of the United States can only take
place once in ten years. While this is go
ing the annual report of the California
State Mlneralogist-is held back until all
the authentic returns, gathered by the
Government, shall be in and available.
The result of this delay ought. to be that
the next annual report of the State Min
eralogist shall be just the one, of all
others to be sent to the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition at St. Louis in 1904 for
the benefit of California.
The date for gathering the mining cen
sus statistics for the Government and the
coincident preparations for making a min
eral show of California mining resources
come happily together. This is perceived
by officials and is. appreciated by the
California Commissioners to St. Louis.
Supplementary to the fine display of Cali
fornia minerals and California oils that
will be made in the mining building at St.
Louis will be the accurate statistics now
In preparation.
In California has always kept its affairs
Eecret as far as possible. The advantage
of having the State credited with its full
mineral output is too important to need
explanation except in a general way.
For development outside capital is
needed, which is attracted easily or other
wfse In accordance not only with the
proven merits of any particular mine, but
also on account of the reputation of the
section for being rich ln mines and min
ing. . .
The fact that the squadron will meet on
the Marion and have its officers installed
on board a man of war delights the mem
bers of the organization, who expect to
have at least' 100 in the parade of the
Grand Armr.
The following officers will be installed:
Captain. Charlea Edelraan. commanding, a.
veteran of the volunteer navy, 18U1-5, on board
in crther ways during the Grand
Army National Encampment In this city.
The newly elected officers of the squadron
will be installed next Monday evening on
board the U. S. S. Marion. The ceremony
is scheduled for 8 o'clock and all those
who are eligible are invited to witness the
installation ceremony and remain for the
reunion and smoker, which will be given
on board the Marion after the ceremony.
Those eligible to membership are of
ficers and enlisted men who were in the
service from 1S61 to 18G5; also those who
were in the service during the Spanish-
American war, including the United
States regular navy, volunteer navy, ma
rine corps, revenue cutter service and the
naval militia in active service during
those periods. The squadron ls a branch
of the parent organization with headquar
ters at Cincinnati and was recently or
ganized in this city for the purpose of
bringing the naval veterans closer to
gether and to promote friendship, loyalty
and fellowship among the men who serv
ed the flag on sea during war times.
MEMBERS DELIGHTED.
PHELPS SQUADRON No. 12. Unit
ed States Veteran Navy, is pre
paring to add quite a feature in
the parade and distinguish itself
The Redding Searchlig... says that the
deed by which the Balaklala Mining Com
pany transferred to the Balaklala Consoli
dated Copper Company the entire Bala
klala mining properties in Shasta County
covered seventy-five mining claims, the
water rights that go with them all ma
chinery, tools, etc. The deal is really a
transfer from the old company to fe re
organized company, which will install a
smelting plant that win. cost about Jl 000
000.. The Searchlight says: . ? .wv,-
Peter Kimberley of Pennsylvania held a
bond on the big copper property In the sum
of $650 000 on whrch he paid SC6.000. M?
Klmberley found It a blgr undertaking t o raise
the $650,000 to buy. the mine and then rl lit
another Immense sum necessary to.eaulD It
Therefore he made Mr. Malm a proposition
By Us v tcrms the Balaklala Mining Company
would be reorganized Into the Balaklala Con
solidated Copper Company: the property woul.l
be turned over by Malm for stock In the re
organized company; the sum • that would be
necessary to buy the property, together with
more, would be used In equipping a $1 OOOOOO
/melting plant and Malm would be made »-.
Iretary and treasurer of the new .- company
with _ Klmberley as president. > Maim looked
with favor on the project. . He had been near
ly reimbursed for. his expenses on the nalav
la la by the Klmberley payment. He arreed
The reorganized company, with the early pros
pect of a $1,000,000 smelting plant .is the
result. ' S * _ - • ' " ¦
THE BALAKLALA DEAL.
The Yreka Journal says
¦¦ili
abundance of water a vallaWe Thi I ? *2 an
will make times dull for ka-hlE B . hut , d o wn
the gold by the cyanide nr^ mpany . 8ecures
several large vaU into whRh^h"' ln Usln *
dumped alter broken by i JJlv' q £ art ? ls
cleanup of last week. The Brown i£? 3
and \V . D. Morgan, have bonded their ci.im.'
•£ta« of which Is to be commenced next week"
Georice Whlpp and B. A Cardwell hi. v. E^h '
ed the Offleld claim* opposi™ HambuJ on
Klamath River, and will 8oon put a force of
men at work on same *orce of
Information received from various
points throughSut the East within the
last few days indicate that a very large
number of veterans and many of their
friends will come to Sa n Francisco in
August. The hotel committee will soon
begin the canvass of residences for rooms
for the visitors who will apply too
late to find accommodation in any of the
hotels. It will require the aid of a sub
committee to attend to the securing of
rooms in private houses and dwellings,
as it is expected several thousand of
these will have to be secured.
Colonel James L. Merlck, commander of
W. S. Heath Post No. 14, Department of
Waterville. Me., has secured "the Man
hattan Hotel, where forty of his party
will be located. This is quite a large con
tingent from Waterville and fully as
many veterans as go to encampments
much nearer home.
THOUSANDS COMING.
The Woman's Relief Corps, Department
of Connecticut, yesterday secured two of
the choicest suites of rooms at the Palace
Hotel for department headquarters dur
ing encampment week. The Grand Army,
Department of Connecticut, previously en
gaged six suites, including a corner, for
department headquarters. This will bring
the principal organization and Its auxil
iary under one roof.
the old frigate Minnesota; commander, W. G.
Morrison, auxiliary navy, Spanish war; lieu
tenant commander. John j. Foley, United
States navy. Spanish war; lieutenant. William
E. Lutz. veteran volunteer navy; ensign, Ar
thur McKte, auxiliary navy, Spanish war. now
United States navy; secretary, Joseph J. De
lar.ey, Spanish war veteran, auxiliary navy;
surgeon. A. H. Heppner, Atlantic Coast during
Spanish war; chaplain, Peter H. Maas, veter
an volunteer navy.
Yesterday morning the Filipino walked
into the Sub-Treasury, accompanied by
Sheehan.and presented the check for pay
ment. When questioned by Cashier T. P.
Burns, the Filipino said he had received
the check for work done by him at
Manila. Burns telephoned to police head
quarters and Detective Bailey placed the
Filipino and Sheehan under arrest. When
the Filipino was searched the watch
stolen from the lieutenant was found in
his pocket.
Sheehan said the Filipino came into his
mother's saloon and asked him where he
could cash the check and he told him to
come to him, as he was going to pay the
revenue license for his mother. That was
why he happened to be with the Filipino
About two months ago the tent of First
Lieutenant W. R. Standiford of the Sec
ond Infantry was entered, at the Pre
sidio, while he was asleep and a silver
watch, a card case and a check for $400
on the United States Sub-Treasury were
stolen. Lieutenant Staniford is now sta
tioned at Fort Russell, Wyo., but before
leaving the Presidio he notified the Sub-
Treasury :here to stop payment of the
check. ¦' .
Pedro Jesus, a. Filipino, and James Shee
han, whose mother keeps a saloon near
the Presidio, were arrested yesterday at
the Sub-Treasury by Detective Bailey
and locked up in "the tanks," but Shee
han was later released from custody.
COMMANDER OF PHELPS SQUADRON NO. 12, UNITED STATES VET
ERAN NAVY, WHICH WILL. ATTEND THE ENCAMPMENT, AND A
PROMINENT MEMBER OF THE WOMAN'S RELIEF CORPS.
Tries to Pass a Stolen
/-.Check at the Sub-
FILIPINO ROBS
ARMY OFFICER
The holiday will also be; celebrated by
outdoor sports of all kinds', both on land
and water. Special programmes have,
been arranged for rowing, yachting,
swimming, coursing, baseball, golf, crick
et and other athletics.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
has Issued a circular warning all citizens
to take precautions to prevent fires on
account of the use of fireworks. All rub
bish shotfld be swept In piles and wooden
sidewalks wet down.
In the evening there will bo a display
of fireworks and a concert in Alamo
square. Grove and Steiner streets, com
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. The citizens re
siding at North Beach will also enjoy a
display of fireworks as the residents In
that district have subscribed money to
that end. , -
LITERABY EXERCISES.
At 2 p. m. the literary exercises will
take place at the Alhambra Theater,
when the following programme will be
given: -
Overture, orchestra: Invocation. Rev. P. D.
Bovard; "The Star-Spangled Banuer," Mme.
Ellen Coursen-Roeckel and chorus; reading of
Declaration of Independence, Mayor Eugene E.
Schmltz; music, orchestra; oration, Hon. Frank
J. Sullivan, orator of the day; songr. Miss An
nie Rooney* "The Flower of Liberty (Oliver
Wendell Holmes), Miss Bertha Clark; "Amer
ica" (the audience will please rise and Join In
the singing); music, orchestra; benediction,
Rev. J. P. McQualde.
March, "My Own United States" <Edwards);
overture. "America" (Moses); medley of pop
ular airs, '"Hie Climax" (Wltmark); wait*.
"Symphia" (Holzmann);vjnterme*zo. "Marep
pa" (Schwartz); wet promenade, "A Lucky
Duck" (H. Whitney); excerpts from "The Wiz
ard of Oz" (Paul Tletjens); patrol. "The Blue
and the Gray" (Dalby); march. "The Pet of
the Army" (George Rosey); Intermezzo, "Hia
watha" (Moret); overture. "Curtain Ralper"
(Smith); tropical dance, "Lollta" (Morens);
march, "Blaze Away" (Holzmann);., "Star-
Spangled Banner."
The second brigade of the National
Guard will be next in line and the rear
of the procession will consist of the
Governor's staff, the Mayor and city offi
cials, foreign Consuls, officers of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, the offi
cial committee' of the day and invited
guests in carriages. The Woodmen of the
World and the Women of Woodcraft, to
gether with a number of floats, will close
the procession.
From 2 until 5 p. m. concerts will be
given in Washington, Jefferson and Co
lumbia squares by military bands. The
expense of the bands will be borne by the
United Republican League. The musical
programmes to be given are as follows:
A battalion of police, under the com
mand of Captain Splllane, will head the
procession and will be followed by Grand
Marshal Theodore Lunstedt ' and 1 fifty
aids. Then will follow the troops from
the Presidio, consisting of Infantry, cav
alry and artillery, accompanied by their
bands.
POLICE WILL LEAD.
Tho procession will form on Market
street, below Battery, and will move
promptly at the hour arranged for start
ing. The reviewing stand will be located
on Van Ness avenue and Post street and
at that point Brigadier General R. H.
Warfield will inspect the marching bodies
and will be tendered a salute.
A programme of unusual excellence has
been arranged for the celebration to-day
in San Francisco of the anniversary of
the birth of the republic of the United
States in 1776.
While the small boy will commence to
celebrate at an . early' hour, the official
programme is not scheduled to begin un
til 10:30 a. m. The first event of to-day
will be the parade and the review of the
Federal and State troops and fraternal
organizations.
The route of the procession will be as
follows: • ,
Commencing at Battery and Market streets;
thence up Market to Montgomery, to Bush, to
Kearny, to Market, out Market to Van Ness
avenue, to reviewing stand at Post and Van
Ness, where the parade will be dismissed.
there is some question concerning the en
tire 'accuracy of the returns embodied In
the annual report of the State Mineralo
gist; of California. The statistics have
ly-en attacked on the ground, mainly, mat
they have understated the total mineral
output of California- This year a new.
•F'»arting point will be made for comput
¦ Ing California's wealth in mines, etc. No
one questions that the statistics have
-b*en hitherto t>repare\J as carefully as
'possible, but .the inability of the State
.authorities to compel the production of
facts for its benefit when questions have
¦l>erp -asked has been an insurmountable
ote't-acle to the. preparation of an annual
rrf;ort Concerning which no exception
.could be taken.
•".. MUST BENEFIT STATE.
Certain mine owners have taken means
to s«; that no information concerning
their properties should ' become public.
This applies no more to what are rea
sonably styled "fake propositions" than
, to". large and productive mines. In fact,
one" of the largest copper mining plants
T"ht' ccrurse of field work and in the prepa
ration, of county maps and registers, has
gained much detailed Information about
mlr'c-s- and oil wells. In fact, a sample of
oil b.as been taken from every producing
w#ll;in California and the samples are be
in?, subjected to chemical analysis.
The significance to the public in these
Mjntn] quests for truth about mineral
¦•<5p"poFiTs, ores or oils, is that at last aK
ri/e facrs, it would seem, are about to be
/iiscovered' in various ways. Annually
in California. N'a mine is so small or
obscure, ifprodueing at all. as to be over
look-ed- by th»? Government. Simllarily at
ter.tjon is beinp paid to the details of
•mlr.irfjy for oil. -Every well will be per
sonally visited by a Governmental em-
I>!oye. who will learn what he is in
•Firufted to find out.
"The California State Mining Bureau, in
Charles G. Tale, who has paid more at
tention to the statistical side of the min
ing industry than a»iy other man on the
Pacific Coast, is of opinion' that one re
sutt'ef the-researches now under way will
he. to swell the total figures of the output
in this way as all the information is re-
as confidential and will be so
treated. . . .
and. the hours of work;- -the geological
.formatien and the richness of ores; the
Otxtptft and the value of such output—
in. brief, everything that has value to
rfrie Concerned in inquiring into the min
ing industry, finds attention. When the
isajs of details is fully gathered it will
be the subject of analysis and generaliza
tion,, b.ut no. one on the outside can learn
"anything about any Individual property
•The- "inquiries of tire two governmental
acencies co\'er, together, every phase of
v.he operation of njines and oil wells. The
r.Omher of men working above ground
tt"nii the. "men below; the rates of pay
MANY-SIDED QUEST.
- The .iair.es and oil wells of California
ani : now In a way to be so described
officially that the wayfarer need not err
wbea seeling: information about them.
•Three agencies are co-operating to gather
facts. about the wells and mines that will
•together collect the most accurate statis
tics and other data that has yet been
brought together in this State. On that
Subject; the co-operative agencies are the
(Geological Survey of the United States,
the i-'nlted States Census Bureau and the
<"alifornia State" Mining Bureau. As re
lated to ihe -two . governmental agencies
mentioned,' t-heir- work is national and a
similar Investigation Js going on through
out the United States. The Geological
Survey '.Is after one set of facts, the
United "States. Census Bureau is sreking
for •another, while the California State
Mining Bureau is interested equally in
the" researches and obtained results vt the
oth*<y. -parties in the rield.
• .Vpngress pawed a law not long ago
irj.aklr.g It an offense 'for any mine owner
t4* refuse to answer questions to be asked
by. the. United .States Census Bureau.
Refusal to give the desired information
ckTTies with it liability to pay a
fine, cf $o(M. There are mining com
jmnie's, •qftite_ a number of them in fact
in California, that do not wish to conflde
to .any outsider, even the Federal Gov
ernment, the full- details of their 'busi
ness. But "the Government is going to
sc< £h* facts or . proceed against the
recalcitrants. "Under these conditions
raoze and, better, information is certain
to -be secured than has been available
before 'this time.
Music, Sports and . Saltpeter
to Be Features of the
Holiday.
Great California Industry Ig
' Undergoing Careful
' "Investigation.
Three Agencies Are Now
After Facts About
Minerals.
Soldiers to Parade and
Orations to Be
Delivered.
MINES INTEREST
THE GOVERNMENT
WILL CELEBRATE
NATION'S BIRTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
VETERANS OF THE NAVY
TO MARCH WITH TROOPS
Phelps Squadron Prepares to Add Feature to
the Parade During Grand Army National
Encampment to Be Held in This Gity
5
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. JULY 4.
Parquet, any stat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
Vaudeville Exotics!
Barney Pagan and Henrietta Byron;
Julian Rose and the Wang Doodle
Comedy Four. Last times of Evans
and St. John; Lydia Yeamans
Titus; Hayes and Healy; The
World's Trio; Vernon and Drawee.
COMMENCING TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
The Eminent Soprano.
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President McKinley.
OOLUmBSA IHDISQTHaiE
MATINEE TO-DAY
To-M^ht and All Next Week
AMELIA \
j "An exceedingly clever actress."— Chronicle.
"An actress of distinguished charm. — Call.
"Lived up to her promise.." — Examiner.
Presenting >.
"Best Balanced Company W» Have _£een
"The Cl'imbejs"
"The Best Play Clyde Fitch Has Written."—
Ch To n folfow-"A MODERN MAGDALEN" and
I "THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON."
[CALIFORNIA
HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
Appearing for the First Time in America ln
Sardou's Powerful Modern Drama.
FEDORA.
Next We'ek— MISS O'NEIL in REPER-
TOIRE Monday. Tuesday and Saturday
Matinee. "Magda." Wednesday. "Eliza-
beth " Thursday. "Hedda Oabler." Fri-
day. Saturday and Sunday. "Tine Jewess."
GRAND&EE5&
M4TINEE TO-DAY
"FULL OF FUN FOR THE AUDIENCES"
-CALL.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT
HAY110JID AND CAVEBLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company In the Fasci-
nating Musical Eccentricity.
In Central I
Park I
k-orULAK PK1CES ....25c. 50c an<l 75c
0ENTRAL1E
Market ft. Near Elrhth. Phon» South 533.
TO-NIOHT— LAST TWO NKTHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
JAMES CORRIGAN
JOSHUA WHITCOMB.
"A decided hit."— Chronicle '
"Could not have been excelled. — CalL
"A pronounced success." — Examiner.
"Perfect to the smallest detail." — Bulletin.
"Scored a hit"— Poit.
nnircc evenings loetosoo
JrKllfcj MATINEES 10c, We 2So
Week of Monday. July 6 — JAMES CORRI-
GAN in "KIDNAPED."
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK. '.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
, UHDAY. 2:30 P.. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P.M.
OAKLAND VS. SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES'. DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAI.
' Advance Sale. ' 3 Stockton St.
gggjisspsEg?} Rupture
fciP^Sa^-ie^® Dr.Pierce't EUctric T^is
*£j l teM^£|B££5S^ F la a Mural. Nothing like
CT5^£3£PW^*^ H. B<»UUUineron«»rth
uP^jIHR^ * nd * ******* Cur * ' or Rnptor».
if / mZ\ Woria-renowned. 27IaproT»m'U.
\ \W\ Y If ruptured laTMtigata at once.
-¦^^^.'•* Call or write for "BootisrHo. 1."
MAGNETIC C ntUSS CO. 33 W.«t Ilth StrMt. Kbw
Y9U, N. Y. or 206 Fob* Street, 8aa Francisco, Cai.
AD VEBTIEEMENTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 2 8th.
THERE AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 9O-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
Pahro D0NT FAIL T0
1 aiaWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounjcing-
5Ml1 room, the EMPIRE
: CI11U PARLOR, "the
r j PALM ROOM, the
lin.fid louis xv pa r-
U1 <* uu LOR and the LA-
II X 1 DIES' .WRITING
nOtelS ROOM. j
AMUSEMESTTS.
InglGsidB
Coursing Park.
56 Dog Special Stake
64 Open Stake
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
July 4 and 5
First Rundown on Saturday beginning at
12 o'clock sharp. Sunday Coursing will begin
at 10:30 sharp and continue till last winning
flag goes up. ; -¦
Total Prizes, $775.
THOMAS TIERNET Judge
EDWARD SHORSTAG. Slipper.
I I V ULI house.
TO-XIGHT AND SUNDAT NIGHT
. MATINEE TO-DAY.
I MADBLAINB |
1 or I '
THE MAGIC KISS
With a Complete Cast.
EDWIN STEVENS AS BARON GRIMM.
Next Week^'WANG."
took Out for "THE HIGHWAYMAN." .
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 73o\
Telephone Bush 9. •
"Twirly Whlrly's" a* hummer, it could run all
summer.
For its fuller of Jokea than the average drum-
«' mer. i
There's the "All Show" Girls' chorus, whose
songs never boro us.
Then what gorgeous scenes are each night out
before us.
NOTHING CAN STOP
THE CROWDS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 50c and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees S3d ami
50c: Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Nearlng the Last Week — Remember This "
Monday. July 13. New BilL A great doubls
one at that.
ALCAZARTi^r
Oen'l Mgr.
Phone. "Alcazar."
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Tremendous Success o*
White Whittlescy,
In Man tell's Famous Romantic Drama,
MONBARS
"Another decided hit." — Examiner.
"One of his greatest successes." — Call.
"Doubtful if Mantell himself could outdo it."
—Bulletin.
PDirCC EVENKJG9 • 28c to 73a
rjtlvEj MATINEES 15c to 50o
Next Week— MR. WHITTLESEY In th« N»w
York Success. "BROTHER OFFICERS."
Kish-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
. and Evening In the Theater.
SEE THE BOHEMIAN GLASSBLOWER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE^
Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HI3 COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCCBATOR3.
MAGNIFICENT FIREWORKS
DISPLAY.TO-NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c : CHILDREN. 5c.
Seventh and Market Sts.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
LES INCROYABLES; MUSA LA VAR; LEO;
ANNA GILLMAN; MARSH CftAIO; McI.V-
TYRE AND PRIMROSE: WALDROX
BROTHERS: FRED W A DELL: CLINTON
MONTGOMERY AND THE IJIOSCOPE.
PRICES— Night. 23c. 20c. 13c. 10c.
Matinees. 20c and 10c
Phone tor Seats — South 1022.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVEKTISEJtE'.TS.
¦ covifiaxT '
HOT AND HEAVY
the atmosphere is now, and midsummer
Is upon us," so it behooves you to take
your linen to a laundry that will do It up
!rf such a manner that you can depend
VP<in it retaining Its stiffness and fresh-
fic-SE as long as possible. We still delight
your, heart with the collars, cuffs, shirt
fronts and colored shirts that we launder
for you here, and will not add to the dis-
comforts of warm weather by poor laun-
dry work. .no"
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orricr 1004 market stbeet.
Near Powell.
.(.CSO&KEZA Alfo CBIHABT DIBCE1K8IJ.
fiHL « u R H K B BBtiA
' Si BBLSr
'A CURE Ui 48 HOURS.
' ADVBBTISEM^NTS. . ¦
irwvr/i.-..-^» \ , ; v> ',-
II contains a// the vitalized energfy . of*
SB choicest hops ana selected barley-
II malt— two of the most wholesome,
|| healthful products of mother earth.
IS There's tone in Pahst Beer— the kind
11 of tone that puts you in tune with the 1
|| world, and makes you feel at your best; I
il that's one of the Pahst qualities- the 1
SI rest you'll know by test. I
il , Orders filled by jjj
|llfia^ra3EaEiB^ Thomas w - Collins & Co> Te P hc "" l ° rant w <mt»«'""""8'To the Editor of The San Francisco j
Call: In a short time the people of this;
community will be called upon to vote
either for or against an increased munici
pal budget. One of the items in the in
crease will be a sum necessary for the
construction and maintenance of a City
and County Hospital. ¦
No more eloauent plea could be made !
for the necessity -of such an institution
than an unheralded visit on the part of
any thinking Individual. The place is an !
old, ramshackle, malodorous structure,
and even a healthy man entering Its por- ;
tals, without medical knowledge, without ;
information on sanitary subjects, feels a ¦
chill creep over him; is actually vitally'
depressed by the sense of Its unfltness for \
human habitation. . i
No, amount of money, no amount of .
executive ability, no amount of care, no'
amount of honesty can ever fit it to ful- ,
fill Its object. I
Municipal pride, good government and
humanity call for a new Institution in
which the poor and unfortunate, taken by
sickness, may receive humane treatment.
I besr of you. sir. In the name of all
that Is decent, to publish this letter, as
a request to each and every one of your
readers to visit and Inspect our present
go-called City and County Hospital and
then to imagine himself poor and sick,
with it for. bis last resource.
If Fiichia visit were made by one-third.'
of our reputable citizens a new hospital '
would be assured.- Very truly yours. 1
GEORGE FRANKLIN SHIELS. i
M. D.. F. R. C. 8. E.
San Francisco. July I, 1903.
v Wine manufacturers, In Greece, it is
said, purpose using barrels made of paper !
for their wine, " . i
City and County Hospital.
President Roosevelt will flash the first message to
go completely around the world. The time in
transit will be four minutes, which is 360 times faster
than the earth itself moves. Man's nimble fingers
have the earth on the run, and it would better gird up
its equator and get a move on if it wishes to avoid
being put badly to the blush.
KING EDWARD'S tour through Portugal,
Italy and France has set European authori
ties to guessing what could have been the
diplomatic motive that prompted it. Among the
suggestions offered by way of explanation there are
of course many relating to the British desire to get
possession . of the Portuguese territory adjoining
British South Africa; to the much discussed ar
rangement with France for the settlement of the
Morocco question, and to arrangements with Italy
in relation to her African interests. Such sugges
tions afford nothing new in the way of diplomatic
speculation, and are of comparatively little interest,
but there remains one that has at any rate the
charm of novelty. It is to the effect that the Brit
ish Government desires to make an important deal
with Spain and has sought in Portugal, Italy and
France for support for the proposition. ' A;
The deal is nothing less than an exchange of the
formidable and famous, rock of Gibraltar for the isl
and of Minorca. Whether such a project is really
under consideration by the British Ministry or not,
it has given rise to a considerable discussion in both
the British and the Continental press. The argu
ment is that Spain would be well pleased to ex
change a small island which is of little value to her
for a fortress whose possession by a foreign power
has always been a source of irritation to Spanish
pride and patriotism. On the other hand, Britain
would find Minorca so much more advantageous for
her purposes than Gibraltar that her Government
would be glad to make the trade, notwithstanding
the enormous amount of money that has been ex
pended to make the great rock the strongest
fortress in the world.
The argument for the exchange on the British
side is that Gibraltar, while a strong fortress, has
TRADING GIBRALTAR.
Man, with his frequent cynicism toward female ap
parel, trying in these dog days to look comfortable
while wearing a cuff around his neck, now looks with
envy at the purely nominal trimmings of the sum
mer girl and wishes he were likewise garbed.
Special Information supplied da&j to
business houses and ocblle men by th»
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's). S3) Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend'a California glace fruit* and
candles. 30c a pound. la artlstlo Cx»
etcbed boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above f»n bids.*
Look out Sot £1 4th (front Barber and
grocer), best eyeglasses, specs. 20c to 50c. •
Salute to the national flag* the Presi
dent of the United States, the presidents
and sovereigns of foreign states, twenty
one guns; salute to the Vice President
and United States and foreign Embassa
dors, nineteen guns; salute to the Pres
ident of the Senate, Speaker of the House
of Representatives. Cabinet officers,
Chief Justice, Governors within their re
spective States or Territories, Governors
General of foreign states, general of the
army, admiral of the navy and same
ranks In foreign armies and navies, sev
enteen guns; United States Ministers
Plenipotentiary, Assistant Secretaries of
War or the navy. lieutenant general or
major general commanding the army and
corresponding ranks in the navy and for
eign armies and navies, fifteen guns;
Ministers resident, major generals, rear
admirals and corresponding ranks in for
eign armies and navies, thirteen guns;
charges de affaires, brigadier generals,
commodores and corresponding ranks In
foreign armies and navies, eleven guns;
Consul Generals, nine guns ;
SALUTES— J. E. K., City. The follow
ing are the national and international sa
lutes:
Church— Did. you ever notice how happy
a man looks after he has rotten outslds
of a good square meal?
Gotham— Yes. and I have noticed how
happy a man looks after he has gotten
outside of some of these places which ad
vertise a good square meal Ycnkers
Statesman.
"Suppose," said the imaginative philoso
pher, "that a fairy were to appear to
you and promise to grant you ' thre*
wishes. What would you asked for?v
"If anything like that happened to roe.**
responded Colonel Stillweil of Kentucky.
"I'd ask for a pledge and sign it t&en ajjd
there."— Washington Star.
Brigga— It's past understanding how
some people live.
Griggs— Especially those persor.3 who
tell you there is no money in tb*ir busi
ness, but who keep on working at It with
all their might Just the same, as if it
were paying them 10O p«r cent profit.—
Boston Transcript.
"Yes." said the returned native, "I
have become a benedict since 1 saw yon
last. I understand you have married.
tooT* ¦- '--•" ¦•
"No, thank hearen!" replied Henpedc.
"Only one."— Philadelphia Press.
NEW TORK CHURCHES-A. O. S..
City. In the boroughs of Manhattan and
Bronx. New York, which includes New
York City and representing a population
of 2.050 .SCO, there are In the aggregate 5S1
churches representing all denominations.
The number of Roman Catholic churches
in those two boroughs is 110. In Brook
lyn borough, which includes Brooklyn,
known as the "city of churches," with a
population of 1,166.552. the aggregate num
ber of churches is 437. The number of
Roman Catholic churches in that borough
Is 101. -.--
A CHANCE TO SMILE
TO THE TOSEMITE— W. I. D., City.
What outfit a lady should procure for a
trip to the Yosemlte Valley depends on
as to how she intends to do the valley.
If she intends to become a hill climber
she would do well to provide herself with
a bloomer suit in addition to traveling
dresses. If she wishes to stay at the ho
tel an ordinary traveling outfit will an
swer.
would, be the rnctst impressive- the world has se^en.
* If the acts of one day could be presented as a mov
% ing picture it .would hold the attention of the world
*? : £ainsi all other human interest. In one day of the
"Ust fortnight .the scene would 'show a black wretch
in Ihe fire in Maryland, two hanging to trees
in Tennefsce.. while a mob riddled their bodies with
baljets. In Texas bloodhounds bay on the tracks
: 'of a nogro; two brothers, the sons of a prominent
, .w.hjte rj:an 2nd a black. rnother. are dangling from a
bri'dge jri S.mth Carolina; one is being shot and
* dragged tp death in Illinois, and another in the same
«St:ste i c in the custody of ofneers, who are besieged
Jby ?. mob-th?t has stake. and fire ready to lynch him.
In A-rlAnsas two have confessed crime and are say
..ing th«r last prayers while the mob stirs impatiently.
*.*Ak Yale University two black men stand in the
\2.zxt of the light of the two hundred and sixty*
* .seventh' commencement of that old college. They
. wer»" both born- in the one-roomed log houses and
•"reared in the squalor of the poorest Southern ne- !
* gf'oes. m They have worked their way through col
lege, by wafting' on the table in eating-houses in
'*Cew Haven. .Each graduates at the head of his
: c"ass. -!aurelcd with all the highest honors of the
inivers*:ty. One, is on the platform speaking. Col
"•lege" presidents, scholars. Senators, Governors and
, great preachers are in his audience. Above him
•- flutters the flag that has for his race no memory of j
he glorious past, -no promise of a glorious future;
-\>t:t : .th< head that is arched under his black wool
is .stored with the wisdom of all men who have been
wi*e since Er.os was born and men began calling on
• ihe name of the Lord. His tropical imagination,
•-Curbed by scholarship, is weaving into oratory his
.thcrr.e. • The scholars and gentlemen, the fair ladies
'and reverend men before him forget his black skin.
* '-In; English that Addison would find flawless, with
logic -that the professors approve, and in phrases and
figures- that play like summer lightning first on the
•head and then on the heart, he goes forward with his
6ration,' while the great company is thrilled as no
•otfcer liad stirred it. Then his fellow negro is intro
duced and. taking a scientific subject as his theme,
treats it so that people ask, "Is the spirit of
•Priestley or Prbctor or Lavoisier - returned in a
blade body?" Then follows the grave report of the
, faculty-;, apd these two negroes have taken the first
honeys and the .first prizes of the university! Their
. iyhite classmates are the most earnest in applause.
The negro waiters, the hirelings of a public
eating-house, have earned little and spent less. They
V.ad.no help— no free scholarship— and while they
stood victors before that great audience neither had
five dollars in the world, but they took first honors..
It seems a far cry. from that scene to where the poor
devil was breathing the blaze to end his grilling,
and to the other tragedies where negroes were being
hanged and shot. But they were all of the same
race. *rjdai it happened the two victors of Yale
and the several victims of the mobs started on the
same level, the same dreary level— one-roomed huts,
no earl*' training, no high ideals, no fairy vista.
Then what was it set the faces of these to the light
ana*, of those to the dark?
. The picture "is a tragedy and a resurrection. What
shall we dqjxttb. these blacks? In our economy is
there no room to let them be men? These two
men of Yale will not incur penalties, either of the
mob or of the law. How shall the millions of the
race be jnade to look upon their example and call it
Cood "and worthy to be followed? . j
WHAT. shall we do with the aegro? What
:-ha!i- we do "with a" race- which produced
f . ;> . "Booker Washington and. the last friendless
"black wretch thar vcriihe'd in the fire to the howling
of a mob? While we talk, about it, and. argue, the
tragedy poes dr.. While the South says to the North,
""Mind "yotir own business/' and the North - replies,
"This is our own business," and the time lost in rc
crixr.ination might be better invested in finding a way
cut.. the drarna. proceeds.
If the whole scene were put before the vision- it
WHAT SHALL j WE DO WITH HIM ?
TOM PAINE— An Old Subscriber City.
Tom Paine, the author, died In New York
June 8, 1S09, and was buried on his estate
in New Rochelle. N. Y. f where his friends
erected a monument to bis memory. His
remains were removed to England by his
admirer, the radical William Cobbett, In
1S39. It ia said that the remains were
subsequently transferred to France.
HAMBURG— I.; City. The jurisdiction
of the free port of Hamburg was on Jan
uary 1. 1SS2, restricted to the city and
port by the inclusion of the lower Elb«»
in the Zollverein and* on October 14, 1SSS.
the whole of the city except -the actual
port and warehouses connected with it
was incorporated in the Zollverein.
THE LIQUOR TRADE— Inquirer. Oak
land, Cal. In the State of Massachusetts
the number of liquor licenses that can b«
issued is limited to one to each 1000 in
habitants ani in the city of Boston one
to each 500 inhabitants. The license fee
cannot be less than J1000. Massachusetts
Is a local option State.
BIBLES— Enq. Oakland, Cal. What are
called "the seven Bibles of the World"
are the Scriptures of the Christians, the
three Vedas of the Hindoos, the Five
Kings of the Chinese, the Eddas of the
Scandinavians, the Try Pitkes of the
Buddhists and the Koran of the Moham
medans.
Whether Bryan has brains enough to profit by the
lesson remains to be seen. It is clear, however, that
his hold upon the party is rapidly weakening, and
those issues of the Commoner that used to be looked
upon as* thunderbolts powerful enough to kill what
ever candidate they fell upon will now pass as some
thing even less potent than summer lightning, and be
counted as of no importance in the party campaign.
Reports from Missouri arc to the effect that Lon
Stephens is little in peace, but large in a fight.
He*is known as "the vvasp of Boonville." One au
thority says: "He is a featherweight in build, but a
catamount in a sudden scrap. He wears glasses, but
he can see a long way with them. He-has got money
to burn and a backbone to lean upon. His record as
a Missouri Democrat of the honest, wool hat, last
•ditch order is unimpeachable." Such a man of course
could not remain silent in the face of any man who
offered him an excuse for a fight, and accordingly he
has gone for Bryan like a thousand wildcats.
It is significant that the attack of Stephens has
been greeted with favor, not only in the East, where
there has long been a desire for some Western man
to take a fall out of the domineering Platte River
man, but in the South, where Bryan has long had
a following that would listen to no criticism of his
conduct. Evidently Bryan has alienated even that
faction of his party, for the Atlanta Constitution in
reviewing the attack of Stephens says: "The excori
ation he handed out to Mr. Bryan need nor be re
peated here. It was largely personal, but it is indica
tive of the restive spirit of many Democrats over the
attempts of Mr. Bryan to figure as the Sir Oracle of
the Democratic party. While Mn Bryan has yet a
host of friends and admirers in the party, men who
would resent any injustice attempted upon him and
his followers in 1896 and rooo, the fact grows more
apparent daily that the party at large does not feel
bound by any valid obligation to allow him the cen
sorship of its personnel and platform in the coming
national campaign."
WHEN Bryan announced some months ago
that he would review the various aspirants
for the Democratic nomination for the
Presidency and separate the sheep from the goats
among them he doubtless believed that no one would
have the temerity to question his decision. He went
upen the theory that those whom he commended
would be glad to commend him in return, and that
those whom he disapproved would be so eager to
harmonize the party they would not venture to fight
back. For a time it looked as if the would-be auto
crat of his party was right in his reasoning. He went
about commending here and denouncing there witli
great zeal and no one said him nay. Like all rash
men, however, he has at last gone too far, and now
he has a fight on his hands.
Not long ago it pleased Mr. Bryan to read ex-
Governor Lon V. Stephens of Missouri out of the
Democratic party because that gentleman expressed
a desire to see David R. Francis of St. Louis nomi
nated for the Presidency by the Democrats next
year. Bryan objects to Francis, and accordingly he
asserted that no man who supports Francis can
train as a loyal Democrat. The statement was not
pleasing to Missourians, for Francis is their State
candidate, their favorite son and their expectant win
ner. Consequently when Bryan declared that no
man who supports Francis is a good Democrat he
got into trouble at once.
Bruce Cartwrlght. son of a Honolulu
capitalist, arrived from the East last
evening and is at the Palace,. He is re
turning from college.
J. B. Lankershlm. who is rated as on«
of the largest land holders tof Los An
geles and owner of Metropolitan Hall in
this city, which waa recently partially
destroyed by fire, returned ladt ever.ln?
from Europe and Is registered at the Pal
ace. He was abroad on a. pleasure tour
when he received a message rsotlfyfcis
him oi th£ fire In h!a building, und he at
once started for Sa'n Francisco. When
seen last evening he stated that he had
not yet decided what he would do wltb
the building. ~<sj.<.
E. E. Walley has Just returned from an
extensive business trip to the Eastern.
States and Canada.
J. \V. Kaseburg, a wealthy merchant of
Roseville, is amons the latest arrivals at
the Grand.
R. B. and W. R. Williamson, mercnanta
of Los Angeles, are registered at tts
Grand.
Dr. H. O. Bates of Chicago is at the Oc
cidental.
T. L. Reed, an oil man of Reedly, is at
the Grand.
T. Endy. a business man of Jackson, is
at the Lick. - »
M. E. Ditmar, a publisher of Redding,
is at the Grand.
T. Spellacy. an oil man of Bakersfleld.
is at the Palace.
G. Pacheco. a rancher of Ignacio, is
stopping at the Grand.
B. Eordl, a winemaker of M^nataln
View, is at the Occidental.
J. del Valle. a dry goods merchant of
Lodi. is at the Occidental.
J. Harkerkorn, a merchant of Sacra
mento, la a guest at the Grand.
Frank at Buck, the well-known fruit
man of Vacaville, is at the Lick.
Dr. Adolf C. Relchard of Frankfort,
Germany, is registered at the Palace.
A FALLEN IDOL.
CORNER AND KEY LOT-F. Z. L.,
City. As a rule a corner lot Is more val
uable than a key lot, but there are cases
when a key lot will bring- more than a
corner one, but that depends upon con
ditions.
PERSONAL MENTION.
FORT— "W. A. F.. City. The brick fort
at Fort Point, east of the Cliff House. Is
called Fort Wlnfleld Scott. It was built
in the early fifties. • -',*.;
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
And now we are told that "a telechirograph has
been invented, much superior to the telautograph, .for
transmitting handwriting." We have seen some
handwriting that couldn't be made to go anywhere,
and if it will go peacefully over a thing with a name
like that without fizzing, we welcome the tele-etc. as a
SATURDAY JULY 4, 1903
. JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
/•ccrcjs All Ccmmcnlcctlons to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
.: • Atk for THE CAXL. The Operator Will Connect
.. • You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
LTUITOItlAL BOOHS.;... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, -O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts'.
'. ; ' Pec Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mail. .Include* Postage (Cub With Order):
•3A1LT.CALL «lnc!uiJnc Sua<!*y). one year fS.OO
t>AILT CALL ilnclu&in* Sunday). 6 month» 4.OO !
. DA1L.Y CALX — Bj Miyrle Month.. T5o
MTNDAY CA1-L. On« Yew. 2.BO
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear l.OO
' . f Dally... f«.fcO Per Tear Extra
FOREIG:; POSTAGE .< Sccdajr.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra |
I We<k!r.. LOO Per Tear Extra
All Postmasters are authorized to reeelr*
• ubscriotion*.
Sasple ccrle* vU be forwarded *kea requested.
Kail rvbecribers Jr. ordcrlnc char.r* ot address should be
{•articular to five tx :h NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
u> lesure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.AAD OFFICE.
1X1S Broadwar Telephone Main 1OS3
DERKELEV OFFICE.
XX4S Center Street Telephone Jforth 77
C. GEORGn KROGXESS. Manager. Forrlajn Adrer.
tlKioe. Marqoelte HaUdinjt. Chicago.
(Lcsc Distaace Telephcc* "Central StSX9.")
WASHINGTON* CORRESPONDENT:
JtfORTO\ E. CR.Oli 14OU G Street, H. XV.
NEW TCRK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEX D. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTO.N Hera Id Squire
nn 4\CH OFFICES— €27 Mcntgroaery. corner of Clay, cpea
er.v.: *:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open cctll 9:39 o'clock. 639
McACtrter. cpea tntU »:3O o'clock. CIS Larkln. open ¦until
P So o'clock. 1M1 Mlailon. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2281 \
liarket. ccrcer Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 10S4 Va- !
Irarta. cpes until J» o'clock. 104 Eleventh. op«n until » j
c'ciock. ICW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open j
usti: 9 I'ckdL 2200 Ftllmcre. cpen until 9 o'clock. J
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYM.TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Call •ob»ertb*T« pontenmlatinr m. e'hana-e of
rtitdesee daring; th« summer months can have
(kelr paper forwarded by mail to their neir
•ddreiie* by notlf j Ins The Call Business Office.
This paper Will also be on sale at all summer
ir>ori» «nd 1« represented ..j- a local a*rent la'
,r~.l tews on the> eoast.
There will be no question in the mind of
an impartial reader of this work that re
ciprocity as a means of regulating either
our fiscal system or our international re
lations, has been proven wholly unsatis
factory. The work is worth studying as
a matter of history or as a matter of pol
itics, and merits a wide reading.
"Reciprocity," by J. Laurence Laughlin
and H. Parker Willis. Published by the
Baker & Taylor Company. 33 East 17th
street. New York. Price $3.
twenty years the pendulum of public
opinion has swung back and forth from
reciprocity to tariff reform. Disappointed
in the one it has turned to the otner. Yet
it has never succeeded in getting a defin
ite* trial of reciprocity until the passage
of the Dingley act. Under that instru
ment the futility of reciprocity efforts has
apparently been shown with greatest con
cluslveness. It is time for a revulsion
of public opinion, and that revulsion
seems now well under way." .
Professor Laughlin of the University of
Chicago, and Professor Willis of Wash
ington and Lee University, in setting out
to write in collaboration a treatise on
"Reciprocity," found themselves confront
ed at the start by a difficulty in getting
a good definition of the term. After citing
many given by various authorities, and
pointing out that none of them would
fully express what has been the Ameri
can practice with respect to that phase
of our international relations, they were
forced to resort to a history rather than
a. definition of the subject, and accord
ingly the first chapter of their book deals
with "the origin and nature of the reci
procity Idea."
In concluding the chapter, the writers
say: "One who examines the reciprocity
treaties now pending In the Senate will
readily understand how, it has resulted
that the reciprocity of to-day is no more
than a jumble of tariff concessions, dic
tated upon no logical principles and sub
ject only to the requirements of the nego
tiator. We appear before the world In the
light of one who seeks to drive as good
bargains as possible with his fellows, but
who strips these bargains even of any
semblance *f equity they might other
wise have, by concluding- other bargains
at a later date, which destroy, or at any
rate may destroy, the advantage accru
ing from the earlier ones."
The scope of the work includes a com
plete detailed history of our various at
tempts at reciprocity treaties with differ
ent nations. The various chapters are:
"Reciprocity with Canada"; "Reciprocity
with Hawaii"; "Reciprocity and Tariff
Controversy in the United 'States, 1S30
1900": "Reciprocity and the Sugar Situa
tion"; "Reciprocity and the McKlnley
Act"; "Operation of the McKlnley Act";
"The Abandonment of Reciprocity": "The
Dingley Act": "The Kasson Treaties";
"The Struggle for Reciprocity with
Cuba"; "The Present and Future of Re
ciprocity."
The conclusion of the authors nn the
whole subject is thus stated: "Indications
are not wanting that the ultimate result
of the tariff discussion, which within the
past two years has taken on a new lease
of life will be thorough revision. For
• ;-,.• v • •
Among the contents of the work are:
"The Choice of a Corporate Home," by
Henry G. At water of the New York bar;
first section, "Membership Li3t of All the
Stock Exchanges of the United States
and Canada"; second section. "Statistics
of American Government and j Foreign
Securities"; third section, "Statistics of
Steam Railroad Corporations of the Unit
ed States, Canada and Mexico"; fourth
section, "Statistics of Gas, Water. Elec
tric Light and Electric Railway Corpora
tions in the. United States, Canada and
Mexico"; fifth section. "Statistics of Tel
ephone, Telegraph and Cable Corporations
in the United States, Canada and Mex
ico"; sixth section, "Statistics of Indus
trial and Miscellaneous Corporations In
the United States, Canada and Mexico";
seventh section, "Statistics of Mining and
Oil Corporations In the United States,
Canada and Mexico"; eighth section.
"Statistics of Banks, Trust Companies
and Other Financial Institutions in the
United States, Canada and Mexico"; ap
pendix, part first, "Statistics of Water,
Gas, Electric Light and Other Plants
Owned or Operated by Municipalities";
part second, "Statistics of Industrial and
Other Combinations or 'Trusts,' with
Percentages, Analyses, Etc."
A special feature of value in this edi
tion is the full information given of mu
nicipal water plants, gas' plants and elec
tric plants in the United States. There is
also included a list of the large indus
trial combinations known as trusts. In
short the work is a most important con
tribution to the statistical literature of
the country-. It is issued by the Moody
Publishing Company, 25 Nassau street.
New York.
A striking illustration of the extent and
variety of corporation activities in our
American life is afforded by the 1903 edi
tion of Moody's Manual, which has just
been published. The volume contains
more than 2400 pages and treats of up
ward of 11,000 different corporate enter
prises.' Such a compilation presents, a
comprehensive review of our vast corpo
rate developments in recent years, and
shows to what extent industries are now
being carried on «toy such associations.
The scope of the work is sufficiently
large to permit giving all statistics and
information required to give the public
a clear understanding of the salient fea
tures of every one of these numerous cor
porations. Each is described as to prop
erty owned and controlled., capitalization,
funded debt, dividends paid, financial
condition and earnings. The manual gives
the Hats of officers and directors of cor
porations, and includes statements of
many industrial concerns, Including nu
merous gas and electric light plants, tele
graph and telephone companies, not
found in any other publication.
After a most delightful and restful out-
Ing during the afternoon the President
and Mrs. Roosevelt returned to Sagamore
Hill in their boat. The remainder of the
party returned on the Sylph.
Early in the forenoon the President and
Mrs. Roosevelt entered a light skiff at the
Roosevelt pier, below Sagamore Hill, and
started for a point on Huntington Bay,
six or seven miles distant. Arriving at
their destination they were joined soon
afterward by their own children, their
house guests and some of the members of
the family of William Emlin Roosevelt,
who followed them on .the yacht Sylph.
Old-fashioned clam ovens were dug Jn the
sand pf the beach and a rare picnic din
ner was soon in readinesf^for the party,
the clambake being . supplemented by a
hamper luncheon brought from the Presi
dent's home. ; :-'.-\'\'
OYSTER BAT. N. Y., July 3.-President
Roosevelt to-day enjoyed his first clam
bake of the year. It was preceded by an
Invigorating row of several miles in a
small boat, and both the President and
him family and friends were quite ready
for the feast when it was ready for them.
On Tahiti a few days ago a lightning
bolt struck the flagpole of the mission of
the Latter-day Saints and shattered the
upper part. Many persons within a radius
of an eighth of a mile felt the shock. No
one was seriously injured.
PAPETE. Tahiti. June 20. via San Fran
cisco; July 3.— The Government of France
has decided to modify H* colonial policy
with reference to tfcia .section. The local
povtrr.ment will henceforth assume the
burden wholly of the expenses of thu
civi!. judicial and military branches. The
latter force will be reduced to a *rore vr
more in the near future. The naval con
tingent will probably be dispersed with.
.During a number of years France has
generously contributed toward the sup
port of the local government. There are
other changes, notably the enlargement
of the Cabinet of the Governor J>nd the
doing away with the popular Assembly.
The local authorities favor an economical
administration. Probably the subsidy for
the Inter-island service will be reduced
from 120.C00 francs to 50.000 francs or
less. In that event, so It is said, two
120-ton gasoline vessels will be acceptable
to the Government in place of a steamer
of 450 tons capacity as at present.
The American Consul after a trip to
Raiatln, one of the Leeward Islands, In
the Society group, reports that there was
a cloudburst on that Island that caused
damage to the road and destroyed prop
erty to some extent, but no lives were
lost.
That this power has been put in the hands of the
people in so many nations; to err. to be unwise, to
make mistakes and correct them, is due solely to the
example of the United States, and that example was
made possible by what happened in Independence
Hall six score and seven years ago. It will soon be a
hundred years since Charles Carroll, the latest sur
vivor of the Declaration of Independence, died. The
old document itself, called in its title '"The Unani
mous Declaration," has faded away. Text and the
signatures are no longer legible. The venerable
parchment is hidden away from the light in the
vaults of the State Department at. Washington. .^The
bell that rang: out liberty to the world when the/last
name was signed is cracked and voiceless. But that
silent metal and that faded parchment were proper
tics in the world's greatest drama. The bell rings
no more, but its triumphant tongue in 1776 cried to
the world a message that will never be silent. Wher
ever man is enfranchised and the master of himself
it tells the story of his happiness; and wherever he
is in bonds in the keeping of a master, the thrall of
a man like himself, it sings the song of his hope.
The pigments on the old parchment have faded.
The signatures in which the signers wrote their
death warrant or their title to immortality, they knew
not which, have disappeared. But the mind of man
writes it over with the story of his emancipation or
the expression of his hopes, and the mighty palimp
sest becomes the handwriting on the wall to the few
Belshazzars that are left to curse the modern world.
The <ieed done on this day we celebrate was
mighty, and mighty were the men who wrought it.
It gave us a birthright greater than men were born to
before that day. As it is great, let it be greatly
guarded. There can be no liberty without law and
no law without equality in its application.
Unequal law is tyranny. Under our form of gov
ernment the law, like the sunshine, the air and the
rain, is for the equal enjoyment and protection of
all. When one man, no matter how poor and hum
ble, is denied by any force the rights that are his by
law, that denial is treason to all for which this. day
stands.
IT is difficult for the mind to go back 127 years
and enter into the conditions under which the 4th
day of July was made the greatest civil anniver
sary ever celebrated by man. Other nations ha\e
their great days, and some of them keep anniversaries
that are derived from some step gained in the
progress of liberty. But this American day signal
izes no step, no day's march, but the whole emer
gence of man into the clear air of complete freedom
and self-government. It was the immediate and en
tire accomplishment of Thomas Paine's declaration,
"These colonies are, and of right ought to be, free
and independent states." That was treason when he
uttered it. It was still treason when put in form by
the Continental Congress a hundred and twenty
seven years ago. But on that treason has been
founded the world's greateA free society, and it be
came the expression of man's aspiration for liberty
that has not ceased to move the race forward toward
the light.
Six score and seven years ago the people had but
little representation in government. England alone
had a parliamentary system, which was slightly im
pressed by a much restricted franchise. Wherever
else there was a legislative branch of government it
was subject to the will of the monarch and not of
the people.
Now Parliaments are the rule, the lack of them
the exception. The people speak through represen
tation. The republican principle grows daily. Kings
and Cabinets bow to the public will, and there is a
condition in government that would ' have made
Frederick and Louis and George, Rex, rub their
eyes. Critics of this condition sometimes complain
that the people do not rule wisely. Well, did Kings?
Was the first Charles wise when he asserted his
paramount prerogative, levied ship t^x inland, pro
voked Hampton, conjured Cromwell from the mass
of the people, and by violation of the constitution
brought his head to the block and prepared for the
end of his dynasty? Has the best of Princes • even
ruled always in wisdom? Being . men only, why
should they? Being men only, why should it be de
manded that the people be always wise in their rule?
Partaking of human weakness, the people err, but it ,
is their own error and they are its victims. When they
discover their mistake they correct it. Princes err on
the side of their own power, their own selfishness,
their cnvn dynasty, and, like the first Charles and the
sixteenth Louis, they stand by their errors, refusing
correction or amendment, because they are the bene
ficiaries and the people the victims. Free govern
ment has that advantage, then, that the people if they
err hurt themselves. The wound is self-inflicted, and
when felt can be self-cured. d
THE GREAT DAY
CORPORATION
ACTIVITIES AND
RECIPROCITY
BAKED CLAMS
MAKE A FEAST
FOR PRESIDENT
FRANCE MAKES
SOME CHANGES
FOR TAHITIANS
but a poor harbor and affords little facilities for a
naval base~bf supplies. Britain needs a naval base
more than she needs a fort. Minorca has at^ Port
Mahon a magnificent natural harbor, and British
money and skill could soon make it impregnable to
attack and ample for all the needs of her Mediter
ranean fleets. The strategic position of the island
with relation to both the European and the African
coast is said to be superior to that of Gibraltar.
Hence the desire on the part of the British mili
tary and naval authorities to make the exchange.
The discussion of the project by the European
press is the more significant because it follows so
closely upon the discussion of a* similar reported
project of settling disputes between France and
Great Britain over Morocco by permitting France to
have a free.l.-nd in the conquest of that country,
with the exception of a port on the Mediterranean
which Britain was to be permitted to fortify and
control. The fact that such pjan» have been under
discussion between the two countries gives support
to the new report of an exchange with Spain. The
proposed deal would leave all of Morocco to France,
restore Gibraltar to Spain, and at the same time give
Britain the harbor she needs. It is therefore by
no means improbable that it is actually under con
sideration by diplomatists as well as by the press.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JULY 4, 1903.
The latest thing in gentlemen's socks is the New
York" society woman. She has taken to wearing
half-hose, but with the arrival of. the gentle .Eastern
winter they will probably disappear like a June frost.
PRESIDENT HADLEY of Yale improved
commencement time to deliver a much needed
denunciation of the luxury in which rich' stu
dents live and the evil wrought by the example of
their extravagance.
Many a young man whose prospects in life were
fair and whose parents have loyally skimped and
saved to give him a college education is morally
ruined by contact with the lavish expenditures of rich
and reckless students. One remedy would be en
forcing residence in college dormitories furnished
exactly alike and other limitations upon sumptuous
expenditure.
President Hadley says the college life of the or
dinary man who has neither money nor influence be
hind him can be made big enough to be the really
important thing in the institution. If so, that whole
some example will take the place of the evil now
done by extravagance in spending and' its consequent
vice and immorality, all so sweetened by riches as to
seduce the unwary away from their duty to them
selves and. their college and their family.
LUXURY AT COLLEGE.
6
The Diamond NecKlace
Treaty Mystery
Cleared in the second and last installment of Mrs.
i C. N. Williamson's powerful mystery story of
London and Paris, told in. the most
unique manner imaginable by
i the five star characters
¦ in the book
BETWEEN TWO FIRES
111 hi ~r-
! But this is only one of the big features in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
HI in ¦ HI
JUST WATCH FOR THESE!
' HOW TO BLOW ROSES INTO SOAP BUBBLES
At the exciting new Soap Bubble Parties:
LETTERS FROM A SELF-MADE MERCHANT TO
HIS SON
The most humorous Americanisms ever created.
BUT Bfc^X OP ai i
...New Colored Comic SiipplemenU.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-^
Tirr.ee and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Folnt. entnuioe to San
KrancUco Bay, Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTK— • The high and low* waters occur at
the city front (5lle«ion-»treet wharf) about
tweniy-nve minutes latvr than at Fort Point;
the hlc-hest tide U the same at both places,
SATUIIDAY, JULY iT"
Sun rises 4 :S2
Sun s«tB 7:35
Moon strts •'"• 1:13 a. m.
O ITIme TjmeL Tlm«| ITimej
£ Ft- fFt. ( Ft. | 1' Ft.
y jL W (H WJ L Wl |H W|
"^ iiJHT O.7I 8:28 4.0 1:14 2.4 7:44 8.8
5 2:4a !"».:« I w:«:« 4.3 2:0ft 2.« «:."2 0.6
6 3:S0— 0.1 10:.'t0 45 2:W 2.f» 0;17 6.7
8 4:1H— 0.S 12:00 4.7 .4:25 3.1 10:35 : 5,0
0 5:24 —0.5112:40 4.S 6:07 3.111:11 Q-u
NOTE— In the ."above exnosltlon of thu tide*
tfte early morning tid«« ar* slven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to tlm«; th«
fourth time column k!v«» the last tide of th*
day. exctpt when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The height* given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Stat'.s
Coa*t Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
Kirn precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from th« depth given by
the charts. The, plane of, reference Is tbt
mtan of the lower low waters; •
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
' . Shipping Merchants.
Tbe BrltUh etemner Tottenham, now at Port
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.. July S.-At Wgh tW«
the site of the former prosperous town of
Dyea. at the head of Lynn Canal, it
covered with tide water. An earthquake.
which shook things up along tlw Alaskan
coast two weeks ago, settled a part of
the beach adjacent to Dyea harbor, with
th© result that the tide now runs freely
through what were formerly streets of
the busy town forming" tho gateway to
the Klondike vla-Chilkoot Pass. Many
houses have been floated out Into Lynn
Canal, there to be caught by Chiikoot In
diana and towed ashore. Brave? in wa»
canoes have been engaged for ten days S
in securing as many houses as possible.
Some of the houses have been towed a?
far as Pyramid Harbor.
Dyea was quickly built during 1307 and
1S9S, following the discovery of the Klon
dike. It rivaled Skagway in importane*
until the White Pass Railway was built,
folowlng which the Chiikoot Pass routs
to the head of the Yukon waa abandoned.
For three years Dyea has had only four
or five inhabitants. It is not noticeable
that the beach has settled heavily, but
since the earthquake the tides have swept ¦
more than a mils farther Inland than »r«
viously. ,.'... ". .
Miners Go Out on Strike.
JAMESTOWN, July 3.— The miners un
der ¦ the Jurisdiction of Tuolumne Union
No. 73 to the number' of soo have, gone
on strike at the Jumper, Golden Rule,
Santa Ysbel and App mines to enforce
their demand that only union man be
employed. The Dutch mine at Quartz
employs union men only and is not
affected. ¦ The trouble does not . extend
to' the jurisdiction of the Jamestown
union. - .
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DI.IXJO, July 2.— Tho Pacific Coast
Conclave of the Delta Iota Chi Sorority
will.conveno here next Monday and con
tinue !in session for a weqk. ' The mem
bers of th© local chapter have been busy
arranging . for the. reception of the visit
ing delegates and they are being assisted
by the Gamma Eta ' Kappa and the Pi
Delta Kappa fraternities and the Lambda
Theta Phi Sorority. 'A. week of festivities
has been arranged whiqh. will" make the
conclave a' memorable on<J.
The visitlnff delegates will come from
Portland," San Francisco, San Jose, Fres
no, Los Angeles and Ventura. / Thero Is
a chapter of the sorority at Seattle, tout
delegates are not expected, from 'there.
The sorority has been* prominent In the
high schools of the State and wag
founded' at San Jose- high school; about
eight or" nine j years ago. ' Zeta chapter
of this city was' Instituted' November 30,
1899, and has at . present the following
active members: . Lrda Klauber,' Brooke
Frevert; Bertha Kessler, Alice Shaw,"
Mollie Baker, Rose. Hess. Hazel Ernstlng,
Helen-Hodge,' Theda Burnham. Juliet
Newkirk, Helen Sheriff, Elsa Wentucher,
Christine Burnap," Grace" Gould, .Lenore
Heller 'and Marie Carter. ¦ : '
- It is expected , that ' a number . of the
delegates will . arrive in San Diego by
Tides Now Sweep Form
er Side of the Towi^
of Dyea.
Delta Iota Chi Sorority
to Hold Session at
San Diego.
CONCLAVE PLANS
ARE COMPLETED
TEMBLOR CAUSES
BEACH TO SETTLE
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July" 6
CltyToptka.. Skagway A Way Ports, July «
Spokane Ekne\vay & Way Ports. July 7
Bertha ,. ValOs & Way Ports. . July "
Dolphin. Bkagway & Way Ports. July 8
Roanoke Nom« & tit. Michael. .. July U
Cottage City- flkngway & Way Porta. July Id
Tamplco Nome & St. Michael. , .|July 12
rity Keattle.. Skttgway & Way Portt.|JuIy 14
Dirigo Skagway A Way Ports. July 15
Meteor. ...... Nome & Kt. Michael... July 10
Conemeugh.. Nome A St. Michael... July 15
Banta Ana... Cooks Inlet 4 Way Pts July IH
KureKa Nome |july 20
Monday afternoon a reception will be
tendered to the visiting members by the
Zeta Chapter at the residence of Hon.
Victor E. Shaw, followed that night by
a launch ride on the bay. in which the
boys of the PI Delta Kappa fraternity
will be the hosts. The forenoons of Tues
day, Wednesday and Thursday will be
devoted, to the business of the conclave.
The sessions will be held In the club
house of the Zinc Rowing Club, of which
a number of the members of Zeta chap
ter are members.
Tuesday evening the dance of the week
will be given' by the local chapter to Its
guestn./ It will be at the Florence Motel.
On Wednesday afternoon the Lambda
Theta Phi Sorority will hold a reception
in honor of. the delegates at the Haw
thorne Inn. and Wednesday night the
Gamma Eta Kappa fraternity will give a
ball at Hotel del Coronado, On Thursday
afternoon and evening Miss Mollie Baker,
daughter of Dr. Fred Baker, will enter
tain at .her home at . Roseville several
mile? down the bay. There will be a
dinner, ¦ followed by an Informal dance.
The plans for Friday and Saturday
have not yet been completed, but it is
not expected that the delegates will leave
before Saturday night or Sunday. About
fifty delegates are expected and a good
time is promised.
steamer or. from the north on Saturday,
and that the others will come on the day
following. Some form of entertainment
will be arranged for Saturday evening
if many delegates are here and Sunday
will be passed quietly with possibly a
tally. ho ride to one of the many resorts
about the city. ; ->*iVv
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
«. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 10
Corunado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10!
AJCtic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
S-hDta Cruz. Newport &. Way... 9 am Pier 1U
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
July 5
g. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 10
CityPuebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
July O.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
tcrona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 10
C. Nelson.. Seattle b. Tacoma pier 2
Pt. Arena., point Arena 4 pm Pier 'i
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'n 5 pm Pier 2
July 7.
Phoenix . . Pt Arena&Mendcno 1 pm Pier 13
G. W. Elrtei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
II. K. Maru China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Alliance -Eureka & Coos Bay 7 pm Pier i(J
July 8.
Eureka Humboldt. 0 am Pier KJ
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier Vj
Arcata Coos B. & Pt.Orf&rd 12 m Pier 13
July it.
Pomona .... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 19-
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier V
Nebraskan. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 10
State of Cal fcj-n Diego & Way. 1) am Pier 19
C.uacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
July 1O.
R. Dollar... Astoria & Portland IQ am Pier x
8. Monlia.- Urays Harbor 4 pm Pier £
Marlposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier J
L'uiutUla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
July 11.
F«.Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier ~
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Chico Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
July 12.
Centralta... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
North Fork. Humboldt 1 pm Pier,. 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma., 10 rm Pier 2
July IS.
Peking China & Japan.... 1 pm Plar 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports, ll am Pier 27
TO SAIL
CLEARED. •
Friday. July 3.
Stmr Prentiu. Ahlstrom. Astoria; Cal &
Ktmr fianta Crux. Glelow, San Pedro; Pacific
Coa»t Steamship Co.
Stmr Peru, Macklnnon, Panama and way
ports: Pacific Mall Bteamshlu Co.
Stmr BantA Roea, Aljitaader. San Diego; Pa
cific Coast Steamship O.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy. KAhulul; Union Oil Co.
etmr City, cf Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria, etc;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Rainier, Hanren, Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co. ..».., . »
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. , ¦'"
Br stmr Chlng Wo. Parklnaon, Hongkong
and way ports; C C 88 Co.
Nor etmr Hero, ByverUen, Ladysmith; R
Dunsmulr'B Bon« Co. .... _
Bktn 8 a Wilder. J»ck*on, Honolulu; WH
lian-iS. Dlmond & Co.
BAILED.
* Friday. July 3. ,
6tmr Eureka, Je«a«n. Eureka. •
6tmr Peru. Macklnnon, Panama, etc :•
Shipping Intelligence,
ARRIVED. .•„"¦*'._-, „
Friday, July 8.
Btmr Santa Crux. Glelow. 71 hours from
* fitmTcurarao. Paulsen. 14 days from Guay
ma«. via Faaenada &» hours.
Ktmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours from Monte-
r *Etmr C 'Folnt Arena. Miller. 11 hour* from
"stmr Coronado. Peterson, 42 hours from Re
'gtmr Czarina. Seaman. 41 hour* from Coos
B& v
fct'mr San Juan, Urry. 25 daya 18 hours from
Panama, via Acapulco 9 days.
Stmr Fulton. Lee. 62 hours from San Pedro.
Bktn Retriever, Sloane, 8 days from Port
H H^hr 1 K W Howe. Keegan.' B days from Grays
Harbor.
The steamer Peru sailed yesterday for Pan
ama and way ports with an assorted merchan
dise cargo. . valued at $$0,743. and. manifested
as follow*: For Mexico, $420S: Central Am.-r
ica. $0315; Panama. f4.TOO; New York, $82,<£»;
Havre. France. $200. The principal exports In
cluded th« following:
To Mexico— 20.307 lbs tallow. 14 bdls Iron, S
bdls pipe, ll kegs nails. 5 pkgs machinery. S
pkgs sewing-machines. 80 pes car material. 2
cyls ammonia. 4 pkgs groceries and provisions
5 bbls ginger ale. 2 horses.
To Central America— 1(518 bbls flour, 8250
lbs rice. .b"7 pkgs potatoes. 8 cratea onions, <H>0
lbs lard. 24 pkgs groceries and provisions, 400
eal* wine 4000 lbs salt. 10 casks beer. ;$<»
lbs te» 440 lbs sugar. 25,024 feet lumber. JU7-1
lbs tallow, 2 pkgs machinery, 238 bxs soap, 4
bales bass. 1 tank ammonia.
To Panama— WOO gals wine. 956 lbs sugar.
50 rkss potatoes and onions, 10 pkgs fresh
vegetables O5»5 lbs sugar. 25 cs salmon. 20.U20
feet lumber. 1000 bxs soap. 12 bales broom*
To New York— 89,092 gals wine. 126.745 lbs
wool 411 bbls aspbaltum. 31 bbls shells, 1 cs
le To e H.vre: Fran'ce-SeS) 1b. fertlllxer.
— ?—
Sailing of the Panama Steamer.
To Japan — GOO bbls flour. 10 bales hay. 15
ctls oats, 42 pkgs groceries and provUtom, 50
bblit pork, X2 tons salt, 57 cs and 1 l.^l paints,
Mi<) bxs soap, 170 rolls and 7ti pkgs Italhor,
5UO.7U4 lbs nitrate of soda.
To China — SO00 bbls flour. 3650 l».s bread.
10,000 lbs pe»rl barley, 27,702 lbs drlM fl^li.
?J00 lbs dried fruit, 12 cs salmon, 3 cs shoes,
2 pkBs leather. 6 pkgs sewing-machines J<X}
bxs soap. 5 pkrs dry goods. 6 cs nirbs, 1!
pk*s machinery.
To Manila— 100 ctls oats. 03 bales hiy. 100
cs mineral water, C7 pkgs agricultural r.nplr
mt-nts. J» pkgs railroad material, 2% pkKP type
writers and supplies, 4 pkgs wagon material.
Departure, of the .£hing Wo.
The British steamer Ching Wo of the t hlna
Commercial Steamship Company's line sailed
yesterday for Hongkong via Yokohama, Kobe
and Mojl with a general merchandUe cargo,
valued at I53.f!>0. and distributed «s follows;
For Japan. J28.405; China. $21,332: Manila,
$4044; Burma, $'J"J. The principal expoti* wero
as follow.-:
The bark Andrew Welch sailed y.;»tertliy for
Honolulu with an assorted carro. valued at
$24,111. The leading shipments we.-e as fol
lows: 340 bbls nour, 2001 ctls barley, iibSO
lbs middlings, 3«9 ctls wheat. 37,255 lbs com,
02.459 lbs bran. !<24 bales hay, 14.774 lbs oats,
2C25 lbs meal. 27.4(iO lbs salt. 13.071. lbs beans,
34.475 lbs sugar. 7041 lbs bread. 79 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 37 pkgs plekle*. r A> libls
salmon. 140 cs canned goods, lv»5 call w>t:v,
134 pkgs beer. 10U2 gals vinegar, 11 i H.m paste.
404S posts. 22 pkgs paints and oil*. 475 bxs
6oap, C5 pkg» mlllwork. 10 cs mAichcx, SO *k*
cement. 13 bales twine, 8 pkgs .nachlnery, 2
coils rope. CO bdls and 313 bars Iron,
The barkentlne S. G. Wilder was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu with carg.i valued at
J10.31H and including the followme.: 1711 ctlF
barley. 125.OC2 lbs bran. 2950 lbs 04ts. M5 bales
hay, 2100 lbs urd 543 gals and .*>l os liquors,
105 gals whisky. 40.000 lbs cement. 5X> Ib^
tobacco, 136 pkjn tank material. 10 bbls putty,
it pkgs wagon material. 2 drums gaioline,
14.412 brick*. 1 coll wire rope, 22 multi.
«
Two Cargoes for Honolulu.
The tank steamer Argyll was cleared yestor
day for Kahulul with 30,000 bbls crude oil in
bulk, valued at $42,000.
Crude Oil for Hawaii
Los Angel«s. was chartered prior to arrival for
lumber from Portland to China at 140s Ulme
charter).
The thlr> A. G. Ropes (wood) Is chartered
for Sugar from Honolulu to Delaware Break
water on the basis of $5 50 Iron. New York,
and fU iron. PhUadeluhla.
? 'in.-body has In^t an «rk. ana the keeper
- I-»irt Branch IfUnd Itgiu station has found
i h* «j.* B n»t know. liow«v«r. that It Is an
X he hts fj'flnd. He describes It in his re
. i «., ¦. : t ., <i. ••::;•• inspectors as a "section
P.'jiTir.t: wharf carryinir or It parts of a
r<v-t rar."' The lighthouse inspectors bav<s
i 1 5 >:i;arce of th» derfllct.
• ¦
'Falls Down Collier's Hold.
}'> . JoJmson,, .. «'.«"vedore. who live* at 2S
"'¦*"•> r«r<. ttreft, yrst^rday fell down the hold
1 «i tt« rtftm comer Wyefleld and sustained ex
i**iFix«> lacerations of the scalp.
_«,
Peru Sails for Panama.
• The Pacific Mall Coir.paTiy's eteamehip Peru
¦afUd. N»Ktrr<Iay for Panama and way potU.
¦ '•» . arried «tK»ut 1500 ton* of cargo and
'Utritj'.flve ; « b~> r.g« r*.
Alaraeda Sail« To-Bay.
' n» .- .-»,.;r. steamship Company's liner Ala
j7rS a i T" 1 fc * :l * l ll o'clock this mornine for
lull Im o^patsen8trs. ,
A Derelict Ark.
'/The sallrrs on th* t'nited Statei monitor
*\.Vrt5ilnir wiTl celebrate th# Fourth on board
.ht,"He!*eI with a tourr.am>'nt. which will in
lua»*.t-oniDftitive exhibitions of skill In per
'< vvAvi% . the fnore picturesque of their dally
.1tftle*«: trials of ««rlllty.-test» of knowledge of
>¦;;!• «nd boxlnr and otb»-r athletic perform-
Sf.rt-%. a^ie tournament will commence at V
«>'!(vk*« th.s m<irninir- It will be exclusively a
'r.tfilly . affair and visitors will not be allowed
" ¦? board uirfl! alter 2 p. m.. when launches
•ii -ijy between Folsom-etreet wharf and the
Wyonilngr's Crew Will Celebrate.
: Tht [J6*?«r.i?'-rs. who arrived from Tahiti on
Thun><"»V t-vtning on the steamship Manpoaa
.j»ert* landed yesterday roornlr4; when the liner
"docked, at Pa^ni-FU-fcet wharf. The Mari
j^sa b'rwupht'a carro of tropical products and
thirty passenprrs. anionir whom were some
t^rtfm.Tient Tafcili officials. A. Ooupil. who
*. ame up on the .liner, is the president of the
•*Tah!tl •.Chgrnli'-r of Commerce and Consul for
"VoVwav and Hwfden and Chll». During his
«ha^n«: the firttith Consul will attend to
ricif.pjt.t coneulas tufln*-6*. President Goupll
ly ftt'id to be or.e of the \>eft jjDfted of men on
/•ftetrfc ofe the Bouth Feat, and during his stay
in. t!** fiat»-«-wi!l loae no opportunity of Biv
frjir Ihe world a bt-lter idea of the wonderful
poetlbilitin .of th* tropical island
on »hijh he rr.itkrs hl« hctne. A. Bertrand.
• anotTrtr i>a^oesg«T. in a captain of French cav
'alrj': ST.. A. Alquier holds the rank cf com
mandant In the French r.avy and E. Nougue
•s *&'.so a cavalryman . «.-!. like Bertrand. a
pa plain.
c Xhf" paisenterF includt-d the following
named :
* '&: BerV*an<J. mitm trA daughter: J. Haber,
«Tfe sft)d son: Mrs. S. B. Dinkelspiel. L. Vtdal.
•1>r. 'A. Alquitr ar.d wife. J. A. Srhulta, O.
•-A. .Roberts. A. Goupil. MifF A. Goupll. Mrs.
.V.. F. Pwstotf; E. Nouk-j*. wife and daughter;
. r. K.' Preston. S. Dinkf l»plel, D. McFarlase.
S.>bMMCjr. A. ManrftfM.
• . •-¦
Hariposa's Passengers Land.
WHILE. San Francisco people
were- sweltering in Thursday's
hfat the passengers and crew
.of the steamship Curacao were
tryir.g to maintain their
equilibrium on Oecks that seemed to be
wildly «eekii:g the center of gravity and
dodging the ' cold *pray from the big
waves that swept the tight little coaster
from stem to" stern. In ordinary wettiher
••th? Curacao should have reached port
..from Guaytnas early Thursday afternoon,
'•but U was not until the email hours of
. J-e"sterc!ay morning that she crept like a
wh::*>. ghest through the Golden Gate,
f Nearly all the way from Er.*enada ehe
¦ tucked high winds and heavy seas. Many
"of thi-se'seas. in spite of skillful seaman
¦Vhip. 'boarded the vessel and wrought not
,;a "iit-Vle damage about the decks. A num
.bfer-of. gjateroom* were flooded and iijto
g^ther" the- latter part of the trip from
•Mfrxif^b .w»s about as. disagreeable as even
.•^ fn*er etonrrs could makfflt.
;•. 5" he -.Curacao brought more than thirty
: iassengerts, who were allowed to land
•<f-a"rtv -yesterday morning. As she had
; befn in .Mexican ports and carried south
.',ern 'ciirg'o, arid as there has been much
'¦ »?cknt-ES along the Curacao's route. It
•wav dee-intd advisable to fumigate vessel
.kn-dcUrgo, and for that purpose she was
taken to the quarantine station at An
°;ger Inland. She was released last even
"tDg, '. IK-r passe'rigcrs included the follow
¦jin'g iics^ued:
Wl-'W. D°; Armej J. S. Hutchlnson. K. F.
Hutrhins*n. F. EUjulaca, J. W. Ellsworth. M.
ai. tauoa: >j. a. Eiitott. K. Elliott, m. g.
:-KlliMt. il. A." EUiott. Antonio Canale. F-
Vert«. Inez Pvris, F. It. Sepulveda. Jose Felipe.
•K "H. 'SamtX*. G. H. lychman. J. E. Arnold.
.1; .JToSipktns, Julio Caseres. Oabrl«l Garcia. J.
•<j Ooppenaaa, w. o. shields. It. W. Ga-
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Mlneola. Klrkwood, Tacoma.
Stmr Glppy, Leland, Santa Cru*.
Strnr Aruo, Dunham. Port Kenyon.
Stmr MandaJay, Smith, Cre»cent City. .
Ptmr Del Norte. Oreen. Creeoent City. . '
Stmr G C Lindauer. Allen. Grays Harbor.
Br stmr Chln« Wo. Parkinson. Hungkonr,
etc.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew. Honolulu.
•Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen. Ventura. In tow
tug Reecue.
schr Ulndcra, Larsen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Webfoot. Lewlf, qoo» Bay. c *
Schr A B Johnson. Hanan, Grays Harbor.
- SPOKEN.
May 30. lat 25 N, Jon 22 W. Br ship Forest
Hall, rrom Barry, for San Francisco.
June 22. lat 40 N. Ion 13 W, Fr bark Mare
chal de Turenne, from Antwerp, for Port Los
Angeles. •
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 3, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ALCATRAZ LANDING— Arrived July 2( 3
p m. and sailed at 3:30 p m— Stmr Ramona.
In tow tug Relief, from San Francisco, for San
Diego.
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed July 3— Schr Ida
bchanuer, for San Francisco
SEATTLE— Arrived July 2-Strar Farallon.
from Skagway.
Sailed July 2— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway.
To sail July 4— Stmr St Paul, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed July 3— Stmr Umatilla. for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived July 3— Stmr Queen, hence June 30.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 3— Schr Emma Ut
ter, for San Francisco; schr Ivy, for San
Francisco.
Sailed July 3— Schr Salvator, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Pat.sed out July 3— Gcr stmr
Eva. from Astoria, for Port Arthur: s;hr
SStlmson, for San ,Pedro; stmr Gco Loomls for
San Francisco; stmr Ohio, for Nome
Passed in July 3— Stmr Senator. '
BALLAKD— Sailed July 2— Schr Stlmson, for
San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 3— Stmr Navar
ro. hence June 2S; stmr Coos Bay, hence June
30; stmr Coqullla Klver, from Albion.
Sailed July 3— Schr Taurus, for Everett;
uttnr Navarro. for San Francisco; stmr Coos
Bay. for Han Francisco; etmr Pasadena for
Eureka; schr Corinthian, for Bandon
SANTA BARBARA— Saild July 3— Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco.
POKT TOWNSEND— Passed in July 3— Ship
A J Fuller, from Honolulu.
ASTOP.IA— Sailed July 3— Bktn Quickstep,
for«-San Francisco.
BO WENS LANDING— Sailed July 3— Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOIPU— Sailed July 3— Schr Honolpu, for
San Francisco.
Sailed July 3— Schr Henry K Hall, .for Port
Town*end. *
Arrived July 3— Br etmr Gaelic, hence June
27, for Yokohama and Hongkong.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 2— Br Ship Dech
mont, from Newcastle, Au*. July 3— fir stmr
Amelia, from Midway Island.
Hailed July 2— Schr W H Marston. for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YOIIK— Arrived July -2— Stmr Ari
zonan, from Baltimore.
FOREIGN PORT8.
MARSEILLES— Arrived July * 1— Br stmr
Pak Lin*, from Tacoma.
VENTNOR— Passed July 1— Ger «hlp Omega
from Hamburg, for Santa RosaVJa.
DEAL— Patted July l—Br bark Inveramsay.
from London, for Kan Diego.
LONDON-Failed July 2— Ger etmr Sera
pis, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed June 28— Ger
ship J.Ha, for Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 1— Ger shin
Emelie, for Ipswltch.
Hailed July 2— Br ship Godtva. for Hmerlck.
CAPE TOWNV-Salled June. 27— Ship John
Currier, for Newcastle, Aus.
TAHITI — Arrived about June 6 — Bktn -Tropic
Bird, hence May 1-'. June 8 — Fr bark Martha,
from Valparaiso. June 2— Schr Glcndale. from
Tucoma.
Sailed orlor to June 12 — Schr Glendale for
Tacoma.
VALPARAISO^ — Arrived June 0 — Ger ttmr
Kar<nak, from Hamburg.
Sailed July .3 — Ger stmr Luxor, for Ean
Francisco.
HARWICH— Arrived July 1— Fr bark Mar
the Roux. from Ore-ton.
SYDNEY — Arrived Drior to July 3— Bktn Jo
seph L Eviston. from Eureka; bktn T P
KmiRh. heneif April 17.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 3— Ger ship Ane.
mon«% from Tacoma.
KlLnUHH— Arrived July 3 — Br ship Godlva
hence Feb 4.
SHIELDS— Sailed July 2— ;Br bark Earn
mount, for fan Francisco. \
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed July 3-i-Br ship
Peter Iredale, for Pan Francisco.
To sail July 4— Br ship Brodlck Castle, for
Honolulu. .
OCKAN STEAMERS.
BROWHEAD— Pawed July 3— Stmr Cevlc.
from New York, for Liverpool.
MOV1LLE— Sailed July 3— Stmr Bavarian,
for Montreal.
' LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 3— 8tmr" Cedrlc.
for New York: stmr VicUjrIa, for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived July 3— Stmr La Gas
coftne. from New York.
GENOA — Arrived July 3— Etmr KoenU Al
bert, from New York, via Gibraltar and Na-
P NANTllCKET LIGHTSHIP— Stmr Lucanla
from Liverpool and Queenstown, 20 miles E
at 6:46 p m.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 3— Stmr Ul
nnia, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. '
.Sailed July .'1 — Strar Mayflower, from Liv
erpool, for Boston. .
NKW YORK— fiailfcd July 3— Btmr Cymric,
for Liverpool. • •
SOUTHAMPTON — Bail'd July. 3 — 8tmr
Puerst Bismarck, for New York, via Cher
bourg. • .¦
LlZARD-^-Pasjed July ' ?— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from New York, • for Havre. - ' i
CROOKHAVKN— Passed July .!— Ktmr Cam
pania, from New .York, for Liverpool. *.
.STpAMSHIP CURACAO. WHICH ARRIVED EARLY YESTERDAY MORNING AFTER AN UNUSUALLY TEMPEST
.'.'*• UGl'S VOYAGE FROM GL'AYMAS, MEX.. HER STATEROOMS BEING REPEATEDLY FLOODED AND CON
" .. -S1DERABLE DAMAGE DONE BY HUGE WAVES THAT SWEPT OVER THE VESSEL'S DECKS.
8teamer. . Prom. I Due.
laqua....'. ... Humboldt I July 4
Phoenix...... Mendodno &Pt..Arena|July 4
Cha*. Ntlaon. Seattle & Tacoma,. .. .|July 4
Alliance Portland & Way l'ts..jJuly 4
Corona Humboldt JJuly 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IJuly 4
Mackinaw.... Tacoma .....[July 8
Peklntc. China & Japan.. IJuly 5
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way Pt».|July 0
Ban Mateo. . . Tacoma IJuly tl
St. Paul Nome & St 'Michael.... |July 0
Lakmc. San Pedro IJuly «
8. Montca.... Grays Harbor IJuly tt
Newburg, .... Kan Pedro July 0
Chehalls..... Gray* Harbor July «
Kunkn Humboldt July 0
TMynaplc. San Pedro ' July 6
.State of Cal.. San Plego & Way Pt». July G
Arcata , Coos Bay & Pt. Orfonl July o
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. IJuly 6
Uniktilla Puget Sound Port*.... July tt
Nebraikan... Honolulu & Kahulul... July A
CoquHle Rive. Han Pedro July 7
Arco.\... ... Eel River Porti July 7
PomooA Humboldt ....July 7
Enterprise... Hllo ; i. »....July 7
Hedondo ban Pedro July 8
North Fork.. Humboldt July 8
Coron Js'ew York via Panama. July «'
J. Dollar....: Seattle and Tacoma.... July 8
Centrali*...;. Gray» Harbor July 8
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria.... July 9
Santa Ro*a... San Diego & Way Pts. July 0
Chlco Coqutlle River IJuly* 9
Denderah Hamburg &; Way Pis.|July 10
Point Arena., Point Arena IJuly 10
n. Dollar. .... San Pedro [July 10
Queen Puget Sound Porta. .. .IJuly 11
Doric. China and Japan IJuly 1*
TO ARRIVE
- ¦ - ' ' '¦ . )
William Doll, who wan arrested on
Thursday on a warrant charging him
with obtaining: money by false pretenses,
appeared before^ Police Judge Conlan yes
terday and he was instructed as to his
rights. By consent the case waa con
tinued for a week.
William -Roehl. '42% Turk street, the
complaining witness, * alleges that Doll
made him believe that he owned the
patent for a device worth $25,000 for ex
tinguishing fires and on June 22 got from
him- $190 as, part payment of an interest
in the patent, which. Roehl says, only
existed in Doll's imagination.
Roehl . makes other serious charges to
the police against Doll and his wife. He
said that, he had fallen heir to an estate
valued at about. $100,000 In Hamburg, Ger
many. ; He was in Honolulu when he was
notified of his good fortune. When he ar
rived here i from Honolulu he accident
ally met Doll on the wharf, who spoke to
him arid claimed that he was born in the
same town in Germany as Roehl. As.
Roehl was a stranger- in the city he read
ily accepted Doll's Invitation to spend a
few days at his home, 376 Fifth street.
Roehl had not been long there when,
he says, he received a draft for $1000 from
Germany. By this time Doll and his wife
had learned of Roehl'a'good fortune and
he says they kept pouring liquor lnjo him
and he had not a sober moment for sev- ,
eral days. Meantime Doll had suggested
to him to go into mining speculation and
by various pretexts Doll succeeded in ob
tainins from him the whole" of the $1000,
with the exception of ?40. All that he
could positively remember of the many
schemes was the patent fire extinguisher
and after he sobered up a little he, got
away from Doll's house, where, he says,
he had practically been kept a prisoner.
As Roehl alleges that Mrs. Doll was as
deep in the scheme to get his money as
her husband, the police are considering
the possibility of arresting her.
Movement of Steamers.
William Roehl M^kes a Seri
cu3 Charge Against Man
and Wife,
Heir to a Fortune in
Germany Parts With
His Gold.
CLAIMS HE MET
FALSE FRIENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY ,4, 1903.
Coaster Reaches Port Several Hours Late After a'Voyage as Rough
¦\ : as Any Storm Encountered During the Winter Months-— She
> .;" Ships Water Which Does Damage and Floods Staterooms
CURACAO BUCKS HEAVY HEAD SEAS
WHICH SWEEP HER FORE AND AFT
Time Ball.
Branch HydroBraphtc Otflce, U. S. N,, Her*
. chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.:
July 3. 1003. , „
- The > time '¦ ball on the Ferry building ; wai
droj'pej exactly at noon to-<1ay— 1. a,, at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at H p. tn.Gr««nwlcn
time. ' J.C.BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. 8. N,. In Charge. .
7
A FLORAL STUDY
y^^y B^^fc i^^^ lCT^ n
I j . the iSunday Call, July 5th, 1903 ||
YELLOW. ROSES *
By Franz Mortelmans ¦.*«, •.-;
y a his picture shows a bouquet of yellow roses, nearly life size,
in a dark blue jardiniere, standing out clear from" a dark background.
( It is a reproduction of an original oil painting By Fran* Mortel-
mans, the distinguished flower painter of BelgVom. , It won a gold
medal for him at the Brussels Exposition in 1890. -
Franz Mortelmans was born in Antwerp in 1865, and is consid-
ered by many the greatest living painter of flowers. His father was
a painter of artistic tastes, whose greatest joy was the progress and
1 education of his children in the arts he loved so well — painting and
music. It was his habit to take them frequently on excursions to .
the woods in search of^flowers. 'Nothing pleased the little Franz
*' more than to draw crude forms in the dry earth and sand. Dis-
playing unusual aptitude in outlining flowers and still life, at the
early age of xi he went to the academy to become a decorator and
scene painter. At the age of 16 he sent a canvas to the biennial
'.-•-' 1 salon at Gaud. Another, exhibited in London, sold for 40 pounds
¦ sterling, being the only Belgian picture purchased. After spending
" „ two years in the army he studied at Verlat, and at the Institut
Superieur. In 1889 he exhibited at the Exposition of Ghent and
received governmental reward. In 1890 the same honor was granted
him at Brussels. His studio is now in Antwerp, and his paintings
are in demand throughout Europe and America. The Queen of
Belgium recently purchased" one of his rose pictures. He is a lover
of sport, and he is frequently seen in the country, followed by two
Jogs, giving free rein to his ever-working imagination.
jBJW»S^iisssssiBi&. *\±*'Xj± 5t£ .**:':•¦' ' ' '*' ' " ' "¦¦ ' ¦' " j. ¦¦'¦ ¦" ' ¦-, -»j ' '¦'¦ ' <i ' ¦-¦» i'*"" * V -Jjtt jipL->'*r t jwji^. ' "• .^Jay s t!i»ffSB^^]t^63^s^ftj^V3^3flE:. Hs»»^b^SjKPB^j»HcJ^bmsW^bm 4
CHflnSisfflT!^^-iKJ^tTS^s^*^^ ¦^¦w%^*^^^y%v^^JilwSB^n^B^^Bfc^^&3^^ ' ¦' * ¦" '"'"' " ¦'¦¦¦¦"¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ' \r " ' f t ££^*&&*i&y ii *£^ftt!P&^Bttm& \ % ~ >-£^p%n63|
KB8CTH *%£?&$&&''+ %8$&x. <^mM^BfgSbbt *•**•''''¦'• • "'*. -•*^jJfcy%jsKjBi^B»sK»sssssm^Mr*' '••••'• '•^¦'^ '**!,¦' * *^ ¦¦¦* *¦¦'¦* ¦' J , v ." 1 *''**'' _m&^Q^B^^BB/wS\ j-^^*y <i*j^^^B%3K^BFK*3f£fScS^^Bn*3Kt B^M*3tJM3K33Kfy^*rjtt»^^Et^-^Bi
lP^S3S^SJfc .¥ **^S^'J/a'v?-;JB6I '''' '^ <sr** *' ¦ ' '¦ "-¦"^ : ' IJssf -^ftsB^^^i-^*^;^Si^ffi?!s^^B»M
jwBtfy\ f^y^&\' 'fy?fi 't^jtif^x- /^y'T -'^ /jBb»^3^bbs»wHBSB^^^^^ *' ""* '•- '' "" ' *• - - ' * 1 '^ /-f^-yt'^S JHBB
fe*'-V^>^ l^ft^ V^TT* 1*1 Trf 1^™*^**rt 'iT ¦>^»!J5F : 3M^BH8yB^i»SBSSSsJ^R liS('jSS»BBtsSSg^L^BW ¦^B^3C^SSlS»lBB^*^^SSS"^^^s3B»sl^stBH*^i»Bl5s»is7Ei«fck?^K^j^^^^
. #,.¦¦..¦¦.-. ¦ ¦ -.¦,¦„ i i-y'\:n-Hi i.r.fiE ¦¦'¦'' ¦:-.¦¦ $, :>L ,.-.-.¦ , '¦,¦¦.¦¦. !¦ ¦..._. PJEjip^^v^^* ¦*¦ ''-^^^^^ ~" ""' ''*''•'' '"> '¦ *, ~ "¦¦¦"* ¦» ¦: "^jtz^F^rV.S^^ SjJSI^ V"9P& y« fSJ itik "tJTs3StjBssB''B
w^9tuuw<^^^ussi&s«>. ¦'? ¦ "¦ < '' ' -''-i*'"? '' " - jt?p^»Hf --:-.:- ¦' >#•¦* *?\-yS?:^ MfssssP^'^ ' ' :< '"' ¦^^-^¦^-t^* 1 ¦: ¦'- . ' -¦* "&*+*> yf^ 4^ - ynsHHJ^nKlic^nswlH 4 v4
YELLOW ROSES. _^ _^_SAN DIEGO. July .3.— The «uit of - John
Stewart against N. D. Douglas : to secure pos
session of the famous Lepidollte mines at Pala,
resulted In a victory . for . the ; defendant to-day
when the suit was dismissed in court.
VALLEJO, July 3.— The Board of City
Trustees has resolved that no more liquor
licenses te issued in Vallejo for one year
and any licenses : expiring during that
period - will ; not be . renewed. The action
was /voluntary on' the part of the Trustees
andvmeeta with the approval of all good
Vallejo Cuts Off. Liquor Licenses.
¦ SANTA- : CLARA, i July_ 3.—House-break
ers'entered/, the .Franklin lodging-house
'thlst afternoon : and .secured considerable
'plunder. '¦ They, were., subsequently, ar
rested by Detective Toomey and the stolen
articles '.were 1 found- on them. ; The pris
oners • gave „ their names . as "John "Mlchal
'and ; ; James Williams. : -.The town Is filled
Sjtrlth' «; suspicious ¦'. characters,- who ; have
ncome t to ? Santa Clara '• for the * Fourth ¦ of
July* celebration. :!., Fifteen deputy - Mar
i shals 5 have been ¦ sworn in.. -
Housebreakers Caught at Santa Clara.
: mountain j station; (orange,- nv
J., July 3.— In ' all : the , main ¦ events ,'of * the
Middle; States; championship .lawn tennis
tournament * the I players - drew ¦ up --to ithe
final and semi-finals to-day. : The teams
in the ' final of, the doubles 'are | the -Wrenn
brothers V and .'Ward/ and] Ware." ,: In ; the
.women's" 'singles ' Miss * Marion'/ Jones, ;' the
Nevada ; girl,- now | of New York,: won V her
place : in t the final l round.' ; Miss ; Neeley.Vof
Chicago.' l ': and , Miss ? Homans ; met 7 in -.' the
semi-final , In \a; prolonged i> contests wtilch'
was'* unfinished because of darkness. - •¦
On Eastern; Tennis^ Courts.
SAN JOSE. July 3.-In the suit of the
Union Savings Bank, In liquidation
against Jeremiah Leiter. Jud*e Rh2&
held to-day that the repeal of the *Kr?k
Commissioners' act did not invalidate tn«
assessment levied by the directors in 1901
of fcd per share upon the unpaid eanitai
stock. The face value of the judSierS
affected by this decision if sUa,n?d b y
the Supreme Court la $500,000. but as many
shareholders are insolvent the ES%
amount that could be realized would hi
less than half that sum ould be
Bank Assessment Declared Valid,
SANTA CRUZ. July 3.— Right Rev.
Bishop Thomas Conaty arrived here this
noon and was met at the depot- by Rev
P. J. Fisher, Rev. P. Gerald Gay; Mayor
D. C Clark and J. Hr Leonard. The dis
tinguished visitor tendered a recep
tion this evening at the Sea Beach Hotel
The Thirteenth United States Infantry
band gave' a choice programme o( music
from the: hotel balcony.'
Reception to Bishop Conaty.
Plea of Once in Jeopardy Saves Them
SAN JOSE. July 2.-The plea of .once In
jeopardy was pleaded successfully to-day
In the cases of Edward H. and Peter Mc-
Cormick and John Soto. charged with tho
murder of Fred Lindqulst. On June 7
Ldndquist was assaulted in Mayfleld and
had the defendants arrested- for battery
They were tried by a jury in the Justice
Court and acquitted on this charge
qulst subsequently died and an Informa
tlon for murder wa3 presented. Judsre
Lelb Reid that the question could not h*
reopened. tSfeES
\V hile the Rocklln roundhouse Is fairly
well equipped, there is being no money
spent onit, nor has there been for several
years. The Rosevilleltes say that the
railroad company prefers to have its
shops at the foot of the hill and that the
extra engines are needed from Rosevillt*
up. Roseville is the junction for the Ore
gon line and in all probability the Beck
with Pass road will touch Roseville.
AUBURN. July 3.-The citizens of Rose
ville are excited over the possibility oC
the railroad company removing the shops
K,,, R °^ k K ln v little ' farther d °™ "th*
hill. They base their conclusions on th«
fact that the railroad has bonded the Holt
Tract of 100 acres just above the present
Roseville station. In consequence there Is
quite a stir in real estate in the little
town and Roseville lota have gone up 50
per cent.
Railroad May Move Its Shops.
a CCORDING to railroad officials,
/\ never within . their memory has
•?» • there been such an exodus from
this city of anglers and. holiday seekers
at this time of. the year. The favorite re
sorts of the fishermen in the mountains
are taxed to, their capacity, many guests
sleeping in tents. At Cisco 100 guests were
turned^ away 'last week owing to lack of
accommodations.
. ;The { same, conditions . prevail at all the
resorts. . The people are apparently g*et
ting into the country more and more each
year. ' - : * l
At, Cisco the .fishing Is excellent. E. S.
Wells and Messrs. Huke and Evans have
been -particularly successful on' the river.
They have been. taking from forty to six
ty pounds .'of 'trout a aay. -
At -Boca v trie • sport 13 good. > Jeff Wells
and fMr.'- Fountain each caught fifteen
pounds' of trout on Wednesday evening.
The. fishing. about Slsson ¦ is reported
good. : • The* Keyser .Meadows 'are open to'
angjersi- who.'.pay $1. for ,the ' privilege of
flshir.g: . Eastern 'brook trout are chiefly
found, there./ The Sacramento, from the
mouth. of, Box Canyon to ;Rainbow, is re
ported In" good condition,
r Fly ; fishing in" the ' Sacramento - north_ of
Dunsrnulr .is ', good. The sport at Castella
is' steadily improving. The trout are tak-!
lng:inefly at-La'Moine./ » ;
£ Dr. 'Lanerleft for : Boca ; last -night. Dr.
Stevensand Dr. Burnham left for Lake
Tahoe; and. the Truckec; district. C/- E.
Boardrhan » is * also • among ¦ the : anglers
headed ; ln that, direction." <¦
.'' L. * H.' Smith will ¦ spend some time at
Ba'ssetts. on Lake Tahoe.
r \C.iE.. Bundschu and H.' Gundlach left
for the" Big Sulphur on Thursday.
? Ed> Palmer,, Carl Hoffman. • W. W.
Lohsy, R. F. Crisp and F.W. Bilger leave
Cisco; to-morrow. \They will; spend
three '.weeks on •the.-.Yuba., and on the
NortrnFork'of the American. "
>' E..M.-Hecht.andG. H.Taublas went to
La. Molne i yesterday, >. .
vW/'Y. :-Kellogg ' has ; left for a three
;wecks' ; stay on 'Kings River.
, ;f.-W.;.' Greenwood; left, on Thursday for
the Lassen.Buttes.
.The late Commodore Caduc's sloop ''An
nie, one of the best known yachts on San
Francisco Bay, has been bought v by Dr.
Emmett Rlxford and after an • overhaul
ing will fly the San Francisco flag. The'
half-rater Zephyr, also owned; by" the" late
Commodore Caduc, has. been bought by
Dr. Gustav Gutsch of the . Enclnal Yacht
Club from S. Mlddlemas. .
The yachts will , be classified ' according
to v their racing length and will receive
time allowances based thereon. The btirt
will be a flying or one-gun start. The
preparatory • gun will be fired at- 11:50; a.
m. and the starting gun at. noon. The rase
is under the management of the regatta
corrmlttee, which consists of August" R/
F. Brandts, s Roscoe L. , Eames and
Charles W. Muller. Immediately -after
the race the yachts will start on the an
nual club cruise up the Sacramento River.
The Corinthian fleet started last even
ing on a holiday cruise, dropping anchor
for the night at Martinez. . This morning
the yachts will sail through Montezuma
Slough and this evening: will, anchor at
Vallejo, whence they will return to-mor
row to their moorings at Tlburon.
To-day the California Yacht Club will
hold the tenth annual regatta\ for * the
Wallace trophy. The course begfns from
the southerly pier head of the ; Oakland
broad gauge mole. . j > • ¦¦
The San Francisco fleet dropped anchor
at - Vallejo last night and this morning
will cruise up the Napa River to Napa
City, having received an Invitation from
the Fourth of July committee to ' take
part In the celebration there. Leaving
Vallejo about 8 o'clock this morning, it
is expected the yachts will make Napa
City about noon. The launch Rob Roy
and J. Cochrane's choo-choo will be on
hand at Napa and will yiw the fleet out
of Napa River when- the tide begins to
ebb. The • start homeward from ' Vallejo
will be made about 9:30 o'clock to-mor
row morning. The opportunity will be
taken to hold the race for the fourth- of
the cups sailed for on May 31, but not
awarded, as only three boats . finished,
the wind being light and fluky. The
yachts that will race for the trophy are
the sloops Thetis, Surprise and Halcyon
and the yawl. Royal. . ' .
YACHTSMEN will be busy during the
Independence day holidays. The
fleets ot the San Francisco and the
Corinthian Yacht clubs started yesterday
afternoon and evening in vacation
cruises.
San Franciscos Make Napa
and Californias Strive
for the Wallace trophy
Favorite Resorts in the
Mountains Cannot Accom
modate All the Applicants
ANGLERS LEAVE
IN SHOALS FOR
; TROUT STREAMS
CORINTHIANS
ARE ON LONG
HOLIDAY SAIL
The course will, be three-quarters ..of ,a
mile out to the stakes and "the same .dis
tance back !to .the finishing. line. Though
there will be ¦ water ¦ enough .-to ¦ row. 'upon
it ' will ;,be : too shallow fpr: good' times to
be looked for. ,.; The Alameda • crews : will
row in a new arid' exceedingly; light barge
built: by Al Rogers, while the Olympic
men will use. a barge built at Belvedere
specially :. for: this 'r,egatta.\; . • • . .;
' r ,The colors : of the club-are, as follows:
Alameda jBoat Club/, red, '.white and. blue;'
Ariel -Rowing Club,' royal blueand. white?
Dolphin ¦ Boating Club, : white- and' blue';
Olympic Boat Club, red and .whlte^South
End Rowing ; Club,; white, and 'red.'
During the afternoon there . will i be a
100- yard swimming race ' and . some '. other
aquatic | events. |,The model yacht, owners
will occupy the lake from noon- till about
2 p. m., at which hour^the. Intermediate
four-oared barge race, the ; first f on /the
programme, will be called.r ;;,< • ' .'\" 1 : ••
In the Junior four-oared '.barge race
crews, are entered from the Alameda arid
Olympic boat clubs and the South End
Rowing Club. In the intermediate barge
race 'there are entries\ from : the Olympic
and Alameda boat clubs, tho . Dolphin
Boating Club and 'the. South End Rowing
Club. In. the senior barge race crews are
entered from the Olympic and' Alameda
boat clubs and. the South End and Ariel
roving clubs. The crew entered' "from
the Olympic Is the intermediate
crew,- which will not become, of senior
standing unless it should win j the ; inter
mediate race. \ The Alameda senior crew
consists of E. . B. . Thornlng, . the . Lewis
brothers and Fred Ayers. ' The Ariel' crew
consists of A. Keegan, E. L*. Smith, E.^J.:
Lynch and Charles Wilson,, who won the
Intermediate race last year. -The -South
End crew is ] made . up of George ; Collopy,
George Bates,. Tom 'Lynch arid,' J/'E.J
Scully, all of. them ¦ strong and experi
enced oarsmen. The struggle" between
these crews should be 'close v and 1 , excit
ing. S •-.¦¦ ' . - >yp ¦ i ¦; • ¦•-. Kt
IT is expected that the annual cham
-pionship rowing regatta " to r take
place to-day on Lake McrrUt under
the management of the. Pacific As
sociation of the Amateur Athletic
Union will be the most successful
that has yet been given. \ '
Though, the entries are rather few In
some of the events, enough good contests
are sure to .result ; to make tho regatta
well worth seeing. i .._¦;•¦ ¦ 'j " '
. In the junior outriggeil skiff race there
are three entries, E. B. Thornin^ of the
Alameda Boat Club, A. H. Bullion of the
Olympic Boat Club, and F. J. Sherry, of
the Dolphin Boat Club. •- If A. H. Bullion
should prave the winner he will pull in
the senior skiff race, In which the only
other entrant is Fred W., Ayers of the
Alameda Boat Club.
SOUTH END ROWING CLUB BARGE CREW AND A SINGLE SCULLER^F WHOM' MUCH IS EXPECTED IN
THE MANY REGATTAS TO BE HELD ON THIS COAST DURING THE SEASON. WHICH WILL BE FOR
MALLY OPENED TO-DAY AT LAKE MERRITT. ••¦•.-- :
The management of Union Coursing
Park has announced an . open stake at
$2 50 entrance for. the 12th. Inst., when
coursing will be resumed on the San Ma
teo County field. The draw will . be held
in Pythian Castle next Wednesday even
ing. -.The. new office of tho club 'J is. at
room 424 Callagtian' building.
Joseph Shea's Game Boy injured bis
feet recently and will hardly be fit to
run for some time.
John Sutton is training Rector and has
the; great dog in excellent condition.
Vic Noble has Sacramento Boy in train-
Ing again. The up-country greyhound ha3
fully N recovered from the injuries he sus
tained ' some weeks since and will be a
formidable competitor on the field.
J. B. Scott of Sutton, Neb., has a litter
of six puppies by Chatterton-Hetty Green.
The latter is by Emln Pasha-Iowa Girl.
Two rounds of an open stake _will be
run to-day at Ingleside Coursing Park,
commencing at 12 o'clock. The remain
ing rounds and a class stake will be de
cided to-morrow. The total prize money
will be $775. On public form the likely
winners look to be:
Class . stake— Bright Fortune. Liberator.
Gambit. Sernpronlun, Rubjr Sanfcey. Vandal,
Pure Pearl. Master Rocket, Royal Frt-nd.
Prompto. Yellowtail. Reno, • Glaucus. > Flora
Belle. Tralee Boy. Santonin. Renegade Apache
Don Pedro. Frisky Boy. Mount Rose McHen
ry. Silver Cloud, Cloverdale. Rurah Artist.
Haphazard. Sliver Heels, Presidio Boy and
Glancing Pasha.
Open stake — Sir Lawrence. Diamond Head.
Black Flush. Onward Maud. May Flush. Flow,
er of Gold. Agitator. Young Fearless. Rich
Argosy. Meddlesome. Little Mercy. Naughty
Girl. Eagle. Medley, Tom Sayers. Lady Menlo
Little Plunger. Erebus.' War Eagle Sllevena
mon Warpath. Bob R. Lulu Girl Frisky Bar
bara. Harlean Gladys. Siren. Topsy Turvy,
Old 'ironsides. -MoUle Me. Prometheus Rock
efeller and Lady Granard.
Carl Chlarlnl, a prominent youns cours
ing man, died at his home near Fruitvale
last Saturday. He was ill .for some time
with a complication of diseases.
James Sweeney's Roving Author was at
tacked in . his kennel on Wednesday Srjr
Renegate Apache and Rural Artist. He
was so badly injured he may not be lit
to course again. Master Rocket, in the
same kennel, was uninjured.
A. R. Curtis has sold Lost Chord to L.
Cordor of Los Angeles.
Eugene Geary has a year-old greyhound
which is pronounced a second Emm l'£
sha by persons who have watched htra in
trials. He Is by Master Rocket-Geary's
Bonnie Lass. JFbe latter is the dam tf
Palo Alto.
AN announcement made some months
since by the officers of the Interstate
Coursing Club has apparently been
misunderstood by the leashmen and some
it nf usion has resulted. -
The action taken was to extend the
time in which puppies could be liste-l for
the Futurity from sixty to ninety -.lays.
TIJa was intended to give the Eastern
owners an opportunity to list th>:ir pup
pics. Some of the coursing men thought
the extension applied to. the< registering
cf litters with the California Coursing
Committee, the governing body of the
sport on this coast. No such actioa was
taken. Litters must be registered within
thirty days of whelping, the fee betn-.? fl
per litter. A penalty of $3 is imyosei It
they are* registered between thirty on-I
sixty days.
The second payment on the puppies in
the California Futurity became due on
the 1st inst. The stake will be run at
Union Coursing Park In September. $1500
being added by the association. There
has been apparent a quickened interest
In this event during the past two weeks.
Some promising candidates have been
seen -in public, notably the Fetter Free-
Motto puppies, but there are many others
of class scattered between this city and
Butte and even as far as Dallas, Tex.
Modesto, Stockton and Sacramento and
other interior points have candidates of
which much is expected.
When the schedule committee made 'up
the matches for the season. Sunday, July
5, was set off for the trip to Lake Coun
ty. As the trip has been abandoned, the
San Francisco and Alameda cricketers
will pick up sides to-morrow on th«
grounds at Webster street. Alameda. %
The San Francisco County men made a'
journey to Santa Crua'on June 21 s and 23
and the Pacific team will visit the sea-°
side city on the ,26th inst. Had It been
possible to get two clear days of cricket
in Lake County more city players would
have been ready to make the trip, but
the visitors would not have arrived at
Lower Lake until about 3 o'clock this
morning and would have been obliged to
make an early start to-morrow morning
on "the homew*rd journey to San Fran
cisco. Jt is much to be desired that the
annual meetings between the city and
Lake County cricketers should be, kept
up, as they constitute almost the only
bond between them. The Lake County
trip has been the pleasantest of the sea
son for all the city cricketers who have
made it in past years.
President Arthur E. Rendle of the
Metropolitan District Cricket League of
New York offered the Rendle merit
medals at just the right time. His let
ter offering to present a silver medal to
any member of a club in the California
Cricket Association who makes a hundred
or more runs in an innings or captures
three wickets with three consecutive balls
in a first-class match, was written June
13 and was received here about June 13.
On June 21 Harold. B. Richardson made
103 runs at Santa Cruz and on June 2S B.
Kortlang made 100 runs at Alamedal
Both cricketers are looking forward to
the silver medals, which should reach this
city shortly, Mr. Rendle having been
notified of the performances by a letter
written last Monday.
MUCH to the regret of those mem
bers of the city cricket clubs who
have partaken of the hospitality
of the Lake County cricketers, it was
found impossible to make up a team vo
visit Lower Lake at this time.
Four or five members of the . Pacific
Club were ready to make the trip to
Burns Valley, but the* other six -or seven
men could not be obtained _from the Ala
meda* and the San Francisco Comity
clubs. ..':Y/'J~':^ •'.:»/--* ¦ "- . - * '
Coursing Men Confuse an
Order of One Committee
With That of Another
City Clubs Fail to Gather"
Eleven Men for -a ftjatch
¦ on Burns Valley Ground •
MISCONSTRUE
A RULING ON
REGISTRATION
CRICKET TEAM
GIVES UP LAKE
COUNTY VISIT
OBEGON SHORT LINE WILL
BE TURNED OVER JULY 6
Purchase Money Paid, but Holiday
Causes Postponement of Trans
fer of Property.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 3.— It was of
ficially given out here to-day that the
Oregon Short Line, south of Salt Lake
City, would be turned over to the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake road on
Monday,' July 6. The purchase monwy has
already been turned over., by - Senator
f Clark in New York, but to-morrow 1 being
a »ioliday, the actual transfer of the prop
erty will not take place until Monday.
year-old was in to be Bold for $300 and
when A. Wellman boosted the price to
$C00 Q. Cameron ceased bidding.
Carson, the rider that Jimmy Coffey
Fays cost him $15,000, through bad rides
at Oakland last winter, was tin-canned
from here on Thursday last. He deliber
ately got left at tne post with Redwald
after being given two chances to get
away. Owner Magrane said: . "I 'guess
some one around here owns Carson," the
judges opined likewise, and the, rider was
told to pack up Jiis trunk and go. .
Anvil, the three-year-old ¦ by Brutus-
Grandezia, captured three straight purses
and has been sold. The new owners will
ship" the gelding to British Columbia at
the conclusion of the meeting here, with
the Victoria derby as the object in view
The . betting to date has been exceed
ing all. expectations. Last Saturday the
ring cleaned up $10,000 and * the , day pre
vious $8000. Still one can ; hear now and
then of the layers . having a bad day. It
must have been Sunday.
F. E. MULHOLLAND."
The first winner, in 1509, was Miss Alice
Moffltt, now Mrs. George Doubleday: the
second was Miss Caro Crockett, now Mrs.
Laurance Scott; in 1901 Mre_ R. Gilman
Brown was the winner, and last year Miss
Ruth Underbill, a former champion of
the United States, /just won from '¦ Mrs.
Brown. This year none of the winners
of previous contests will be o% hand, Mrs.
George Doubleday and Miss Ruth Under
bill not being in California, Mrs. R. G.
Brown being unable to play on account
of illness and Mrs. Laurance Scott being
out of practice.. Miss Edith Chesebrough
and Mrs. J. R. Clark of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club have entered. As Miss
Chesebrough has been practicing regu
larly of late, it is quite likely her name
will be inscribed on the handsome loving
cup after this year's contest.
On Independence Day caddies are scarce
on the links of the San Rafael Golf Club,
as the youngsters prefer patriotic cele
brations to the profits of carrying a golf
er's clubs. In eplte. however, of a prob
able scarcity of bag-bearers,' there will
be a handicap competition over eighteen
holes for the members to-day.
It is expected the new eighteen-hole
course will be ready for the use of the
golfers who will assemble at Del Monte
for the golf week at the end of August.
Men are at work preparing the course and
laying water pipes to the putting greens.
Even if the whole course should not be
ready for play, it will be possible to get
a nine-hole course which will be much
longer than the old one. The competi
tions wilt take up the whole week from
August 24 to 29, inclusive. The Del Monte
Cup and a trophy for the runner-up will
be open for competition by all amateur
golfers. The Del Monte Cup for women
Is open to all women golfers. The J.' W.
Byrne trophy will be competed for by
teams representing the golf associations
of Northern and Southern California. As
each association has won the trophy once
it will become the permanent property
of whichever association is victorious this
year. For the open championship contest,
which Is open to all golfers, amateur or
professional, entries must be made with
R. Gilman Brown, secretary of the Pacific
Coast Golf Association, before August 20.
This contest will be over seventy-two
holes, metal play, and will occupy two
days. Three prizes, of $100, $30 and $20,
are offered for the first three players, If
professionals. Amateurs taking any one
of the three highest places will receive the
gold, silver or bronze medal of the Pacific
Coast Golf Association.
THE fifth- annual contest for the
PonlatowBki Cup for women golfers
will be played to-da/ over the
course of the Burlingame Country Club.
Though the trophy is to become the per
manent property of the lady who first
wins it twice, It is practically certain
that' it will remain unwon for at least
another vear.
; • . Henry Rich, another San Franciscan,
••severely, bruised and shaken up in the
. same smash-up, is also still laid up for
rrpair^s. . '
- -Hilderbrand gives promise of becoming
a; fair rider. To date he has eighteen
- mounts to his credit. HowBon has ridden
nine winners and J. T. Sheehan seven
poretto won four straight races on the
r blackJtoare "Eldred but could not stand
• pr6sj*rity like many another third rater
Suddenly transformed into a star. The
• downtown resorts took up \ so much of
his time that the judges laid him off for
a week because of failure to keep his
: engagements at the track. For like rea
•son Pete Collis also earned a week's va
cation. Iva Powell is still here but Is
1 seldom seen in the saddle, evidently being
¦ able to pick a few winners.
. .On Saturday. June 13» Stuart, who had
the .moiint on Glendenning in a race for
,whlch E. M. Brattain was a 1 to 4 chance
• developed a marked feeling of unrest at
the post. Everybody apparently unloaded
on Brattain and Stuart probably had or
ders, not to abuse Glendenning. Stuart
¦ who came here under contract to ride
• for* Willie Fink, lessee of Glendenning.
yanked his mount around sideways right
after the start, finished second and was
fcuspended for the balance of the meet
ing, by the stand officials. Wednesday
,June 26.. Glendenning turned a flip-flap
that was surprising to the natives, who
had neglected to take notice that the
chestnut had considerable weight off
from his previous race. Ridden by
Chandler and carrying but 99 pounds the
son of St. Carlo won buck-jumping from
Step Around and The Pride over a heavy
track. E. M. Brattain, th« 7 to 10 choice
.was fourth. v
Owing to the protracted illness of his
•wife Owner Billy Magrane left for San
Francisco yesterday. James Magrane
will have charge of the stable during his
brother's absence.
' Shell- Mount changed hands after win
ning a selling race on June 25. The four-
; considered. Both Kripp and Green will
- "probably leave shortly for Chicago.
. • Hill Alexander, who wae so severely in
% jurtd in the, electric car collision when
. , returning to town from the track, still lies
• in -a • precarious condition at one of the
. local hospitals, suffering from concussion
. of the brain. Alexander is well known on
• the* California tracks, having acted as
• • hotting commissioner for Milt Jones>
* .• liams have been putting in a few days
. .sightseeing in Seattle "and vicinity. The
•president of the New California Jockey
. : Club was twice a spectator of the sport
at .The Meadows.
'"Ed.Kripp. owner of Beau Ormonde, and
•.Harry Green of Spokane, whose colors
* are eported by the fast Sad Sam, are still
.. here. Ed" says Trainer Alec Forbes writes
'»that a Chicago, turfman made an offer of
• •Jie.oXX) for "the son of Ormonde, which was
" • "refused. Nothing less than $16,000 will be
all colors of coin, as could a Chinese
laundryman if given a stand, cash 'box,
chamois, chalk 'and crew. That the syn
dicate proposition was allowed to go is
.regretable. for the public is inclined to
patronize the game, and the future looked
.bright. At one -stage there was so much
kicking about "shoo-ins," etc., that both
the presiding judge. and starter announced
their intention of departing for Califor
nia; later reconsidering this action by re
quest. ¦ :.;*' ¦¦ *
On Tuesday; June 1C, Metlakatla, owned
by Caesar Young, outbroke a field of
'cheap maiden two-year-olds, winning in
" a." gallop • from F. E. Shaw and George
• J Berry. The local wiseacres laid 6 to 1,
'.when 8 to 5 looked a fair price. G. l'Abbe,
who is credited with booking on a $100,000
• bank roll ; m Dave Argyle, Willis Lawrence
* and the balance of the books lost $2400 to
-the- race t ' Because Young, a Californlan,
'won the money one' would think the
..amount to be close to the 550,000-mark.
Only* a few days ' before, when this same
. * owner backed E. M. Brattain to the ex
"tent of $2100 and' the gray sprinter ran
third, not" .a -murmur of discontent was
heard.*"- The whole- sum and. substance of
• the mattes is, the local gamblers wanted
no outsiders laying odds from the out
",-m* and, as they were unable to cope with
.'the 'importations, roared at everything
' until a syndicate ring was agreed upon.
'*'. Thomas 'H. Williams Jr.* and Mrs. Wll-
1 tyjng a running: bowline, ' the manage
- ment agreed to # *£yndlcate the ring, reserv
• ing about 40 per cent for Itself.
1 1 *The six books handle on an average
£3.000 daily, and, of course, are making
'jT> EATTIiE, *Julr 8.— Nothing has oc-
t» mar the even, serenity of
• **-J things at *Tb© Meadows" for tome
.. days:* To sa.fia.te th'e bellowing of the
Seattle clique'of bookmakers, who are as
•.expert a£ figuring prices as a fanner at
. .. • « - V
•/Seattle Management Agrees
i • : to Their -demands, but the
;* : PubJic FaUs to -Respond
Fifth Renewal of the Con
test for Golf Trophy To-
Day on Burlingame Links
BOOKMAKERS
INSIST UPON
BETTING TRUST
PONIATOWSKI
CUP UP FOR
COMPETITION
OARSMEN READY FOR ANNUAL REGATTA
THE SAN FB^ANCISCO CAL.I/. SATX7KDAY, JUJL.Y; 4, 1903.
8BUTTE, Mont., July 3.— Joseph- Walcott.
the "Barbadoes Demon," knocked out
Mose - La Fontlse, the champion welter
weight of the Northwest, to-night in the
trilrd round -In a battle for the welter
weight championship. At no time during
the fight did La Fontise appear to have a
chance to win.
Walcot't Knocks Out La Fontise.
BUFFALO. N. Y., July 3 — AH la in
readiness for the Root-Gardner fight to
morrow night at Fort Erie for the light
heavyweight championship. The winner
of the twenty round go gets the title, a
$1000 diamond emblem and the lion's share
of a $7500 purse. The, out-of-town atten
dance will be. large and the gate money
will be $20,000. The 'betting is at evens.
Gardner money floods the town without
many, takers. . SSGBhSB
Boot Fights Gardner To-Night.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. July 3. — The Jury in the
case of Dr. "Walter P. Kountze. who was
charged with the murder of Otmtractt^-Walsh.
to-day returned a verdict of voluntary man
slaughter.
ST. PAUL! Minn.. July 3.— The Supreme
Court handed down a decision to-day in
which the inheritance tax law was de
clared unconstitutional. The decision was
made in the case of Alice A. Russell, ex
ecutrix of the estate of Sol. Smith Rus
sell, the actor.
Inheritance Tax La-w Illegal.
PUAYERS WHO HAVE REACH
ED THE SEMI-FINAL ROUND
OF TOURNAMENT.
Drawing for Tennis Matches.
The consolation tennis tournament will
commence at 11 a. m. M-day at San Ra
fael. Tho drawing last night resulted as
follows:
A. J. Miller vs. C. Griffin: H. Halgrht vs. H.
Rolfe; H. Hotchktss vs. D. G. Kuehn:T. Jones
vs. G. Jones: H.. Boyle vs. M. Johnson ; S.
Foley vs. C. J. Smith: W. G. Hunter vs. G. C.
Gayness; C. M. Logan Jr. a bye.
Noted Fox Terrier Killed.
Forest Flash, a two-year-old fox terrier
of great promise, the property of W. J.
Foster, was killed yesterday by a Sutter
street car near Baker street. Forest
Flash was by Truman-Lillian Sage. He
won several prizes for the best dogr bred
on the Pacific Coast.
R. H. E.
San Francisco. 0 10 0 10 0 10—3 rt 1
Tacoma o 10000000— 1 5 2
Batteries — Borchers and Zearfoss; Loucks
and Byers. Ump'.rf— Warnjr. .:•;,-;_
BUTTE. Mont.. July I!. — Wild throws on the
part of the Senators to-day, coupled with their
inability to bunch hits on Roach, gave the
cipeninar game of the aeries with -the Miners to
Butte. Thompson pitched championship ball,
holding the locals down to eight hits. Attend
ance..^ Score: r £
Butte 10101010 x— 4 8 1
Helena 00000100 1—2 * 3
Batteries — Roach' and Swindells; Thompson
and Carisch. Umpire — Mahaffey.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 3. — In a pitchers'
battle to-day the visitors won when Treadway
dropped a fly. giving Hall a life in the eighth.
A sacrifice and a bit scored the only run of the
game. Score:
R. II. E.
Seattle ' 000000000—0 3 4
Loe Angeles... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1— I 4 1
Batteries-^-Hlckey and Stanley; Strlcklett
and Hildebrand. Umpire — Houston. ,
SPOKANE. Wash.. July 3.— Salt Lake, by
numerous errors, helped Spokane to win" to
day's game. Lundbom. the Salt Lake twlrler.
was hit early and often, while Carney had the
visitors at hit mercy. Score: r . -'.:
B. H. K.
Spokane :. 5 0 1 2 0 0 1 3 r— 12 17 2
Salt Lake 10 0 0 0 10 0 5—5 8 10
Batteries — Carney and Zaluskey; Lundbom
and Anderson.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 3.— San Francisco
took a grand game from the Tiger-town bunciv
this afternoon.' Of the four runs scored, three
were clean home run drives over the center
field fence. ZeaTfoss lined out the first one in
the second Inning. Ftve minutes afterward
Bill Byers did the «tme for Tacoma. In the
fifth inning an inexcusably wild throw to first
by Flannery. fielding Weed's stnfcle. resulted
In a run for the visitor* with two out. In the
eigr th inning Joe Marshall put the ball- over
the clubhouse corner. It was a pitchers' bat
tl» in which Tlorcherp had a trifle the better
of it. Attendance, 1319. The score:
HcClosky's Men Beat the Tigers
After a Desperate Struggle.
EXCITING GAME AT TACOMA.
R. H. E.
Portland 0 3 0 o 1 O I 1 0— « 13 5
Seattle 0 0 0 1 3 0 2 0 2— S » y.^O
Batteries — Kostal and Hess; Drohan and
Boettlger.
Fitzgerald Weakens in Eighth In
ning and Is Hit Hard.
LOS ANGELES. July 3.— The winning streak
of the Senators was checked to-day, when, the
Seraphs won out by the score of 4 to 1. It
was a pitchers' battle all "»• W "f- I1 wl . th rt h^? 1 "™
even up to the eighth. Both Hall and Fitz
gerald had been hit for two singles, when the
locals fell upon Fisher's youngster and batted
out four runs. Sacramento came near evening
it up in the ninth. With two men out. Hall
failed to touch first base on an easy assist from
Dillon. Two hits followed, filling the bases,
but Sheehan ended the game with a bounder to
Toman. Attendance, 2700. Score:
R. H. E.
Lm Angeles... 00000004 x — 4 7 3
S^ramento . . . 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0- 1 4 2
Batteries— Fitzgerald and Graham; Hall and
Spies. Umpire — Levy.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 3.— Seattle won to
day's game from Portland in the ninth, when
Jay Andrews overestimated Vlgneux's height
about a yard In throwing to first. Score:
LOS ANGELES FINALLY WINS.
f (By the New York Telegraph.)
First Race — Den Hullum. Gondy.
Mn«!n Belle. \
Second Race — Broirn Vail, Galan
thu*. Ga^llchter.
Third Race— Jehane, Don Alvaro.
Imhodrn. -
Fourth Rare— Jack Voane. Ed
cnnlo, Jonie V. .
Fifth Race The Me»»enscer. Orri».
Pettijohn. ' .
Sixth Race — Fickle Saint. Flash of
Mclit, One More. _
DKl.M.in SELECTIONS.
"Independence handicap"' — Oufienarde 90, Jo
sie F. 80. Kdsardo 99. Helen Print 04, Jack
Young 102. Lady Strathmore 112.
Fifth rac?. one mile and seventy yards, han
dicap — Pettijohn 8*. Orris 100, Porquol Paa 97.
Bas d'Or 99, Pirateer 96. The Messenger 0»3.
De Reszke 104.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, sellln? — Landola
103, Orpheum 93, Bengal 101. Orleans 107. Miss
West 97. Mimo 105, Professor Neville 10J, Jake
Weber 109.
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling— Weird
OS. Wiedeman 103 One More 103. Presbyte
rian 110, Fickle Saint 90, Charley's Dream 0".
Hook Se Oka 93. Be True 109. Flash of Night
SM. Mlstie 88. Fuffurtha 94. Mrs. Wtg»fll 102.
Weather cloudy; track good. .„• ;'..'¦
ST. LOUIS. July 3. — Delmar entries for to
morrow are:
First race, six furlongs — Landseer 91. Cotton
Plant 88. Montana Peeress 94, Dr. Clark ft**,
Ben Hullum 99. Tenny Belle 94. Cadet 9»'.,
Prince Light 104. Axares 102. Mada Belle 01,
Lacache 87, Goudy S7.
Second race, one mile and twenty yards,
selling — Goo Goo 104, Countess Clara 104. Ve
nus Victrix 97. Galanthus 96. Murmur 9«,
Brown Vail 99, Little Corker S7, Eufalla SS>.
Belle Simpson 104. Gaslighter 95. Klntoch
Park 104.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Regina D. 100, Loniana 100, Don Alvaro 103,
Scalper 100, Imboden 115. Tom Klley 100, Lit
tle Pirate 103, Turrando 103, Forehand 112.
Jehane 1C0.
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenth miles.
DELMAB ENTRIES.
Stolen bases— Shay, Lohman 2, Reilly 2,
L)iicJ>. Moskiman. OHara. Kfuger. Errors—
OHara. Devereaux. Shay, Leahy 3, Irwin. Del
mas Pabst. Two-base hits— Leahy. Delmas.
Graham. Baxter. Sacrifice. hits-Devereaux
Meany. Lynch. Kruger 2. Iberg, Graham- First
base on errors— San Francisco 1. Oakland _.
First base on called balls— Off lbcrg off
Graham 2. Left on bases-San Francisco 9.
Oakland 8. Struck out— By Iberg 1. by Gra
ham2: Hit by pitcher— Shay. Double Plays—
O'Hara to Lohman. Graham to Moskiman.
Passed ball-Leahy. Time of game-One hour
and 55 minutes. Umpire— O Connell.
SUMMARY.
THE home team erred often at Rec
reation Park yesterday and all the
errors counted for runs at the little
meeting with the Oakland team. The
Cripples wece really the best and would
have won anyhow, but at that the natives
should have given them a better battle or
at least have tried to give the. spectators
about two bits' worth of baseball instead
of a dollar's worth of foolishness. Score:
Oakland 8, San Francisco 3.
The Cripples were in the game pretty
near all thejlme and when they started
to make runs they succeeded as a rule.
Then they were aided so much by tho er
rors of the locals that really it was not
such a difficult matter to set away with
the game without half trying.
Ham Iberg was not himself and the
Cripples were aware of this fact, judg
ing by the wcy they got to him every
once and a while. Ham was liberal with
his passes and easy to hit. The Cripples
landed for eleven solid ones, most of
which were torn off when men were on
the. bags, so they counted all the time.
Graham pitched a very good game for
Papa Pete and would have nearly shut
the locals out had not a few errors early
in -the game interfered with bis plans.
The score:
San Francisco— ? Oakland—
AB. R. H.P.A.I AB. R. H. PA.
Shay.s.. 2 111 SOHra.cr. 4 1 1 - 1
Meany.rf 4 0 10 0 Devrx,s. 4 0 1 1 -
Irwinfab. 5 0 12 4 Mskm.lb 3 1 1 10 0
Leahy.c. 4 1 1 S 1 Murdk.rf 4 1 1 0 0
Pabst.lb. 4 1 2 13 1 Baxtr.2b 5 0 1 1 0
Lynch.cf 3 0 0 2 1 KniRr.lf. 3 1^ 1 4 O
Kruirlf.. 4 O 2 1 0 Lohmn.c. 5 J - * «
D™mi.2b 4 0 2 3 3 Rellly.Sb 4 2 2 3 5
Iberg.p.. 2 0 0 0 3 Grahm.p. 4 0 1 1 a
.Herr...._l_0_0_0_0
Totals 33 3 10 27 18
•Batted for Iberg in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 2 0 0 2 0 2 1 1 0— S
Base hits 4 0 1 2 0 11 1 V-ll
San Francisco.... O 2 0 » 1 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 0 3 2 0 2 0 12 0—10
(Pacific National League.) •
W L Pct.i W. L. Pet.
Butte 43 24 .«42 San Fran.... 33 36 .4.K
1^)8 Angeles.43 2fl .C2« Tacoma ....Xi <g -«3
Spokane ..-.38 in .S7i Helena ....23 41 .3^0
giattle 37 30 .552 Salt Lake... 0 2 .0C0
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
(Pacific Coast League,)
'- W U. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. K 29. 64<ij Oakland ....3» W .42!»
Sacramento .52 31 .627 Seattle .... .3J I 4H .392
Ban Fran.... 43 39 .55sl Portland ....2o 51 -i~.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
SIXTH RACE— One and tliree-slxteenta
miles, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 1— Neversuch. 94 (Higglns).. 8 5 12
6 to 1— Pathcs. 02 (Bridewell)... 3 9 2 1
12 to 1— Eugenia S., 107 (Calvlt).. 2 1 3 Vi
Time, 2:05'4. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. K. Hughes" ch. c by Mirthf JV-
Clymens. Eliza Dillon 96, Baronet 108, Heglra
02, Hanan 100, Broodier 103, Varner 105 also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards,
purse:
Betting. Hcrse. Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 5— Maud Gonne. 100 (Wallce) 3 112
9 to &— Mynheer. 102 (HiKglns).. 1 2 2 l»i
3 to 1— Pirateer. 98 CF. Smith).. 2 3 3
Time, l:4-i'j. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. -Turney Bros.' br. m. by The Com
moner-Feronlca. Only three starters.
Time, 1:14%. Start good. Won eaaily.
Winner, F. W. Holgrew*a ch. m. by St. Leon
ardo- Ventnor. Miss Mae Day 100, Orleans S3
also ran. # • . r
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin./
7 to 2— Snta, Vntura. 93 (Wnwsht) 3 114'
5 to 1— Malster. IOS (Hlgslns)..-. 4 8 2 h
5 to 2— Frank Bell. 11« (Dale).. 2 2 3 H
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs, tell
ins;
Bettinir. Horse. Weight. Jockey. i?t «4 Fin.
0 to i— Lady Vashti. W (HIggns). ."2 12
6 to 1 — Jo e Goss. 10» (Austin)... S 1 2 1
15 to 1 — Imp«tuou3. 87 (Shea) 2 3 3 1
Time, . 1:22^4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. T. Batcheller's ch. f. by Bobby-
Beach-Vashtl. Custus 97. Mint Leaf 96. Plerc*
J. 108, Howling Dervish 102. Tom Crabb 105^
AlHo M. Pod4 JLeo 110 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six -iurlongs, selling:
Bettlnsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
9 to 1— Bear Creek. f>S <Brldw|l>. 1 1 1 n
6 to 1— Lily Chariot, 101 <Hlsrjcns) 5 4 2 3'
12 to 1 — Helen Hay. 90 (Wolff).. 4 f. 3 'i
Time. l:ie>4. Start good. Won driving:
hard. Winner. H. T. BatcheUer'B ch. r. by
Bobby Beach-Freddie Mitchell. Dotty Shute
101, Dolly Hayman 08, Tangent 106. N'ath
Woodcock 103. Mr. Dooley 106, Burlap 103.
Lazarre 101 also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 3.-Santa Ven
tura was easily the best hors© in
the feature event, the fourth on the
card at Delmar Park to-day, and she
won easily. The bookmakers were hard
hit, four favorites, a second choice and
an outsider winning. Summaries:
FIRST IM CD— Five furlongs, selling:
Bettinsr. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. ** Fin.
3 to 2— Ma* Nolin. 10S <Flaherty>. 2 11*
4 to 1 — Quaker Girl. 65 (Brdwell) :: •£ 1 »,
15 to 1— Hgrfc McGown, 105 <Dade) 5 5 2 H
Time', l:0K. Start Rood. Won easily. Win
der. Hailey Eros.' ch. f. by Tammany-Tam
pette. Dr. Cartledge 100. Rhyme and Reason
10O, Atlas 87. Billy Woodward 102. Short Stop
65, Frank Collins 95. Hogarth 103 al-«> ran.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Uncle Hank's Tossers Show
a Reversal of Form and
Perform in Dopey Style
Santa Ventura Easily the
Best of the Horses in
the Big Feature Event
Four Favorites, a Second
Choice and an Outsider
Win on the Delmar Track
"Ham" Iberg's Slow Curves
Are Kindly Received by
Peter and His Followers
BOOKMAKERS
LOSE HEAVILY
AT ST. LOUIS
MANY ERRORS
LET CRIPPLES
WIN THE GAME
BAKERgriELD. July 3.— The Associated Oil
Company b«* placed an order with the Bakers
field Iron Work» for forty rig irons. Some
time «go It was announced that the Associated
would burin Immediately drilling fifty - weliv
on Its \-arlous properties at Kern'. River and
MeKlttrick. Work has already begun In some
of these at the fields. %tg£gt
Present Commander With a Watch.
\kulaz3O. July 3.— lieutenant Com
rna,nder John B. Blish. executive officer
«jf the Alert, was presented with a hand
some gold watch by the crew of the ship
Thursday, .when the Alert arrived at the
navy yard. Ninety-nine apprentices have
tieen SWen leave to \1sit their homes and
rach .boy has. been provided with a ticket.
¦? Squadron Sails \ot Englaad.
rru Jr NDBOBG - Denmark, July 3.—
•tT* d Btates European squadron
called to-day for Portsmouth, England.
OYSTER BAY. L.. I.. July 3.— President
Roosevelt, accompanied by Mrs. Roose
velt «md their children and house guests,
to-day enjoyed an outing on the water
and in the woods on the north shore of
the Island, several miles from Sagamore
Hill.
President Enjoys an Outing.
NEW YORK, July 3.— J. P. Morgan &
Co. made formal announcement to-day
that they had Fold the common stock at
the Hocking Valley Railway Company,
deposited with them under a syndicate
agreement dated December 4, 1502, at /the
price of }105 per share. It is understood
that the control of the Hocking Valley is
thus transferred to the Pennsylvaa'i and
the Lake Shore.
Morgan Sells Railroad Stock.
, us. amended by the international dele
•FHif^ m follow: Jenatzy 6:39, De Knyff
•?;:.v>:<n, Farman 6:&1:«, Gabriel 7:11:33,
Kdge ?:18:4S. Jenatzy's a\-erage speed was
<'*\i -miles an hour, excluding stops, the
record .for the James Gordon Bennett cup
race.' " •
; I-iV-BLIN. July 3.— R. de Knyff was to
•"•«>¦ -.'iflt' ialiy declared to have won second
•j'.lncf in the automobile race yesterday
jet the. James Gordon Bennett cup. M.
.J^rnian was third, a minute separating
;)ifm from De Knyff. Jenatzy won the
*ifp 6y eleven minutec The offlcla! times.
-Official Times in Auto Race
SPORTS AND PASTIMES OF THE FIELD AND RACE TRACK
WILL LURE COUNTLESS THOUSANDS INTO THE OPEN AIR
Rowing— Annual championship regatta of the Pacific Athletic Association, Lake Merritt, 2 p. m.
'Model yachts regatta at Lake Merritt, 12 m.
Yachting— Cruises of San Francisco and Corinthian dubs, and California Club race for Wallace
trophy. \ ; . ,
Golf — Fifth annual contest for the Poniatowski C¥p at Burlingamc Country Club. Members'
' handicap at San Rafael.
Coursing— Open stake at Ingleside Coursing Park, ; commencing at 12 o'clock.
Baseball— Oakland, 10:15 a- ni*., Oakland vs. San Francisco. Recreation Park, 2:30 p. m., Oak
lanjd vs.' San Francisco.,
Tennis— Concluding matches of the State championship tournament at Sa/i RafaeL
Racing-^Joint meeting of Golden Gate /Park Driving Association and San Fran'cisco Driving t
Club, ! at Tanforan, at 1 130 p. m. No admission fee exacted.
Athletics — Amateur.- and professional sports at :Shell Mound Park, under auspices Scottish
Thistle Club.V ;.
Bowling — -Scottish bowling on the green in Golden Gate Park. , ~
S''ATTI-E Wash.. July 3.— The following ib
a 'nummary of to-day"« racing at The Mead-
FlYstt race, four and a half furlongs — St.
Philippinsi won. Mona B ««oon«l, Bazanzo third.
Second* race four and a half furlongs— F. E.
Fhaw'won. Annie Marie *eeond. George Berry
third. Timf. :55 1-f..
Five furlonjrs— Faul of Tarsus won, Alta G
second. King Herald third. Time. 1 :<f2.
Fourth race, one mile — Andrew Ulng won.
Polonlu* eecond, Judge Voorhies third. Time.
1:41'4-
Fifth rat*, mile «nd a sixteenth— Da\1d S
won KJckumbob second. Major Hooker third.
Tin-.*. 1:50.
Klx furlonjt»— The Pride won, Oscar Tolle
second. Kitty Kelly third. Time. 1:14»&.
Racing Results at Seattle
:hr *opmasthead when she had foar mil"*
<¦ t-ail. She was thirteen minute* behind
Ufe;Bew b>?at when the damage was r«>-
I'Sifed.and the race reeurm-d. .Before the
the Shamrock III beat, the old
Ma,t four and a half minutes running to
">jvjir<i fifteen miles and nearly four min
frtxm in s-a fling a long leg close hauled.
•• N£\V YORK. July ::.-A FuddVn shift of
.Vind 'to-day brought Sir^hnmas Upton's
£4riDer challenger ar-roj-s the finish line
.minus her club topsail, only four minutes
•'"hind . the slippery new cup hunter.
BbaiSTDCk HI. after tb« latter had beaten
!i'r *>ignt minutes and twenty seconds in
»svenfy-6ix miles of h Fail-*tretrhing trial
Ix-f^re .the old boat was partly disabled.
" Thr- club topsail on Shamrork I broke at
Shamrock I Is Iniured
THE second day of the men's
singles tennis tournament
brought out much better
matches than did the previous
day. The heat was intense and
the playtJr's suffered greatly.
As a result of the day's play four com
petitors are left to fight for the cham
pionship to-day. They are W. B. Collier,
Will Allen, Harry Routh and Grant
Smith. At 10 in the morning Collier will
meet Allen and Routh wll! be opposed to
Smith. The winners will meet at 2:30.
One of the best matches ever seen at
San Rafael was that in. which the con
testants" were R. N. Whitney and Harry
Weihe. The latter won the first set, 6-1,
on the previous day and- led at 1-0. The
match was continued yesterday and went
lip full five sets. Weihe started playing
brilliant tennis and won the first two
games. At this point it seemed he would
win quite handily. When Whitney got
started he took five straight games. This
set went to Whitney, 6-4. The latter was
Improving steadily and won the next eet.
6-0. Weihe appeared to havMittle chance,
but turned the tables on Whitney, win
ning, tf-1. ,
In the fifth set tlfe real struggle began.
Weihe. won the first two., games! but
Whitney took the next four. Weihe
braced at this stage of the game and won
two love games, tying the score.
The ninth game went to Whitney, but
Weihe again made It games all. Wfihe
was* fast tiring and Whitney by cleVer
lobbing and driving took the next two
games and the match.
It was great tennis throughout and was
'Great interest Is centered In the finals
of the women's tournament. The contes
tantB will be Miss Miriam Kd wards of
Berkeley and Miss Eva Varney of San
Francisco. They are evenly matched and
the contest will undoubtedly be a close
one. It will be two sets out of three and
will be played at 11:30. '- , • 'i »--^..
Pocond round — Horace Mann beat Walter
Hunter. «-4. 4-0.6-4. 7-5: R. N. Whitney beat
Hurry Weihe, l-K. • C-4, / H-0. 1-fl, 7-.',; c. Hoff
men beat J. R. Lewld, 6-2, 0-S, 6-2. 6-2; H.
E.-Roulh beat J. A. Code. 7-5. 9-7. 7-5; G. M.
Smith won from R. B. Cornell by default.
TKIrd round — Colllf r beat Mann, 6-3. 6-4,
6-:!; 'Allen- won "'from, Whitney hy default:
Routh beat Hoffman. 0-4, 6-0, 6-2; Smith won
n°om Beyfues by default.
It Lr expected Collier and Smith will
meet in the finals, but they will both have
to play hard matches In the morning. Fol
lowing are the matches played yesterday;
The surprise of the tournament was the
defeat of Merle Johnson at the hands of
Alexander Boyfuss. Tho latter is but lit
tle bigger than hts racketf while Johnson
Is one of the cracks of the first class.'
After each had won a set, 9-7, they decid
ed to let tho third settle it. To the'sur
prise of all the midget won easily, the
score being 6-1.
Like Whitney, Bcyfuss was too much
used lip to play and defaulted to Grant
SmIJ.h. The latter also won a match In
the^mornlng from Ray Cornell by default.
Smith played only one match to reach
the semi-flnals.
.After putting Weihe out Whitney was
too tired to proceed and defaulted to Will
Allen.
:.pplauded vociferously by the spectators.
The Stanford man put up a game, fight,
but Whitney was a trifle too strong for
him.
Klp«« nacr— Land of Clover. Eo
phone. .Mj-«tle !*hrlner,
Second ilni'p — Clnquovnlli, Ro«e
llnl. •iurhnrometer.
Third Rare— nroom*li«!k, Gnllnnt,
<;reen*'rriit. * l~ r 'iJ
Konrtb Race— Donro, Roehamp
f.'tfiu Race — — Troavllle. En-entral,
**«5*th*Bace — Coafawell, l.ovrlj. Me-
Will in in pi.
<By the New York Telegraph.)
NEW YORK. July 3.— Sheepshead Bay en
tries for to-morrow are:
First race. Independence c »~-"'<?chase, full
course — Bob Alone* KI2. Lavator 157, Arian 146.
Adjidaumo 147. Land of Clover 156. Hark For
ward 144», Judge Phillips 144, Eophone 156,
Fox Hunter 133. Mystic ShHner 147. (Lavator
and Arian. Colt entry: Adjidaumo and Land
of Clover. Chamblet entry.)
Second race, rix- furlongs on main track,
high weight handicap — King Pepper J2S. Rose
tint 122. Rigodon 122, Homestead 119. Duke of
Kendal 115. Sir Voorhies 114. Saccharometer
112, Alard Scheck 110. CInquevalll 100, Daly
1<!5. Florham Queen 102. Extravaganza WT,
Knight of Harlem G5, Lady Lake 95.
Third race, six furlongs of Futurity course,
the Sprinc — Gallant' 114, Broomnlck 128. Mo.
nadnoi-k 114. Green Crfcst 114, Tim Payne 114,
Moharlh 114. The tkmtHerner 114.
Fourth race, one mile and a furlong. Long
Island handicap — Lux Casta 111. Himself 95.
Blu*-s 124. Roehampton 107. His Eminence 100.
Dublin 120. Articulate 103. Allan *M, Tugal
l>y 02. Herbert 120, Hunter Ralne 110. Douro
112, Injunction 107.
Fifth rac, live and a half furlongs of Fu
turity course, two-year-olds, selling — Eletea
1*3. Luminosity lift. Royalton 89. Honey Bee
!W». Vagary !<i5. Any Day IOS. I<ady Lavish
V'l. Kins Crane 104. Sir Walt 'M. Excentrsl
»<5. Trouvllle 109b Sweet Tone 101, Brooklyn 97.
B*-ro=a 97.
Fixth race, one «nd a sixteenth miles on
lurf-MrVVI!!lam» 1G3. Carroll D. 10«. Arden
KM, Copswell 1C5. Scoffer 100. Courtenay 1O«,
I>ancehim ll<i. Neither One 9fl, Lowly M.
Salora M. Thp Regent OS. Tribes Hill 111. Past
l*». Dark^ Planet 104
W^athf-r clf>ar; track fast. «
SHEEPSHKAD HAV SBLKCTIOSS.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Three-year-olde and up; one
and a sixteenth miles; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Vln.
12 to 5— Kalif. 106 (Rice) 1 1 1 1H
fc to 5— Lord Badge. 108 (Redfern) » 3 2 6
2 to 1 — Daly. 110 (Odom) 2 2 3 5
Time. 1:5«. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner,' H. i. Morris* b. g. by Executor-Kisbern.
Typhonic 104 also ran.
Time. 1 :1!J. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. A. Shields' b. k. by Henry Young-Vo
landera. Petra II AOH, Salvatella 92. Plttacus
83. AscenFion 111. Interval 100. Orloff 09. Roue
K.5. Bright Girl &7. May Allen 92, Wager 89.
alto ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; three-year-olds and
up: :-iv and a half furlonfs.' ¦ ¦¦
Btttir.g. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Young Henry. 120 (Odom) 4 4 114
11 to 5 — Minotaur, 102 (O'Neill)... 7 :. 2 n
12 to 1 — Nevermore, <.»9 (Haack)... 17 3 2
FOURTH RACE— Handicap; three -year-olds
and up; one and three-eighths miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
.J to 1— Surmise. IOS (Bullman) 1 1 1 h
7 to 1 — Thornycroft, 112 (Rice) 2 2 2 8
b to 1 — Colonsay, 9C <Redtern) 3 3 3 2
Tlm*>. 2:20. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. H. J. Morris' br. h. by Sir Dixon-Con-
Jecture. Andy Williams 120. The Rival 109,
Bob Hilllard 102, also ran.
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. F. Farrell's bay c. by Bajsetlaw-Ruralia.
Mohave 1C2, Ku^k 97, Agnes Brennan 89, Ten
dercrest y4, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Paney Belling stakes; two
year-olds; six furlongs on turf.
Bming. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
1 to 1— Nameoki. 102 (Gannon).. 7 S 1 1V4
U to 1— Sacredus. 100 < Michaels).. 5 mi 2 1
SO to 1— Walterin. M (W. Fisher). 13 3 4
SECOND RACE— Maiden three-year-olds; on«
m>le; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Blk. Hussar.114 (Michaels) 6 2 13
3 to 2— Irascible. 114 (Odom) 5 5 2 h
30 to 1— Prince Chlng. Ill (Cochrn) 2 13 2
Time. 1:40 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. W. S. Fanshaw's br. c. by St. George-
Marie Jans-en. Tarn o 1 Shanter 111. Spring
Silk 114, Silver Heels 111. Medal 109, Wyefleld
111, Semlac 114, Cloverland 114, Profitable 111,
Flyinir Gypsy 111. Peacock 114, WUliamitead
114. The Chief 111. also ran
SHEEPEHEAD BAY, N. Y., July 3.-
Tbe racing to-day lacked Interest.
When a moderate horse like Andy
Williams Is top weight at 130 pounds in
a handicap It Is easy to realise that the
class of hia rivals 1b not high.
The overnight handicap at a mile and
three furlongs was the only event of any
pretensions on the card. Andy Williams
cut no figure in the contest. Perhaps It
was the horse's fault, for he appeared
core before the race, but George Odom
was made the subject of some criticism
because he Buffered his mount to be car
ried wide on the first turn and thereby
lost ground.
Thorneycraft made the running for
about six furlongs. Then Surmise -Went
on in front, but Thorneycraft again chal
lenged and Bullman was forced to ride
his hardest, without resorting to the
whip, however, to win by a head. The
lime was good for a mile and three fur
longs. 2:20. Summary: •'
FIRST RACE— Fillies: two-year-olds: flv«"
furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horee. Weight. Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
s to I — Raglan, 109 (Hicks) 7 8 1 1U
o0 to 1— Armenia. 109 (Redfern). .11 6 21
15 to 1— M. Theo. 100 (O'Neill)... 3 3 3 3
Time. 1:01. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, J. E. Madden" s b. f. by PUudlt-RoyaJ Gun.
Divination 109, White Plume 119. Mlmon 114.
Kath Parrlth 103, Salada 100. St. Roma 109,
Tribia 109. Prlstlna 109. Responsive 1CW.
Deruesey 109. Miss Eugenie 109. Naughty Lady
ICy. Gamestress 109. Graceful 109, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
:• CHICAGO, July 3. — Washington '--ntries for
• tomorrow follow:
:• Kiri?t rai^, five furlones— Batt* 113. Ed
• .Tie-my_U3. Talhoucl 113. Encli-h Lad if*
• Trxcn-H*. Peter Paul 105, Touchstone 105. Al
•¦5i«a 10$, rv»n Domo 105. Day 1OT5. Oudon 103.
.Ifloqamm 1(>3. Esher^on 103, Gayosa ICa Japan
. ln."J. Sanct-ura 103. Sauerkraut 10ft.
.fiecpod -race, one and a efrteenth miles 8--11
iig— ifurrah 105, Cord 104, Hcaster 102.
- Vhe .Ker.tuckian 30], Geld Bell 90 iserse S7
yilarfful 91..
. ' Third .race, six an-1 a half furlongt — Oronte
• 152. *By W«y» 107. Sylvia Talbnt »07 Snow
¦.^rift p«.*. Bardolph 102 Bad News 97 The
:? !-!*:& 97, Oyj-sene 07.
Fourth race, one and a quarter m'les, Sheri
•-'a.n- stakes— Fore and Aft 1^5. Fanton 122.
Postmaster Wrirht 122, Flocarline 1-1J. Flying
¦Ship;l2O. M Beaucaire 122. Sioux Chief "l 15.
t^ioax^OSef and Beaucaire. Darden entry.)
F.ftfi race; one mile, handicap — Hargf* 114
• tfaMirt 111, Toah K». Henry Bur« 107 XI
•,-»t." 1C.'.. F:pj«Tire 105. Schwa!be 1<J2, Federal
• "Is": Bcterfa BO.
Sixth, rae*,. »-nd n half furl.u:^ — Sam
.•Fuller. l<fl. Jark Ratlin 107. Paul U'i^ley 106.
. T»«nity B*^'| JOO, Hoodwink 1O2. Evening Htar
•I<tt. Sir Bath VJ , ; - . . ,'v - ., ¦..-.
* J»T#Mjh r«r», one and a sixteenth miles, tell
1ne~Jjsst Knteht 104. Marco* 1*>* Red T4;>
.^'.-Bjirrira 'Mi. Mr. Timb*r|»ke 00. Evel>-n
. Rvrd J«. Captain Arnold S>*, Harry S«, Mezzo
. V" Wr8 -' h *" r ' ! **r; tratk fart.
\VASBIXCTO* PARK SKLECTIOXS.
; " ¦' <By ih». «'hK*go Intrr <>-ean.)
* . Kl . r ** Rao « "on Domo, IVtrr
I'ntil. l>tll»h |,s,,j.
'.« ? " >rond ' n «<?« — iloumh. <;in«iiifal.
.|lo«ii.»er.
.• v _! f '' hlr<1 n «*"«" — n»*I !k>wri, Srlvia
. T«ll*ot. The CrfalB. .. :-. ,
." l.riirih Itaor Korf find Aft. Vly
.•itfcK.JihJp. I«.v< ,.,n^t . r t* r!tli«.
. >"ir«h R«ee Toah. \\a«ul(i. llar
«»"-¦ •
.•:n»tlln. Trinity Dell.
; Sr.vemh rtnre — Itarric-a. Captain
..Arnold. Merro,
WASHINGTON PABK ENTRIES.
... no*. Bob crowded Helgerson into the
fTW.fa the stretch, compelling Adklns on
¦ ; , \} icr t0 -P u11 UP- For this palpable
Itm-zglo Bol> was disqualified.
¦' ~ a 1 tOJl C VPP*<* two-fifths of a second
track record for a mile and seven
. .Jy^ards, making the journey in 1:43 3-5.
":'^FmsT HACE— Six furlon**- sellinir
• RrtUns. -Hang Weirht. iSSiy. 7 BL*% Fin.
••tu } ¦ [—*'* 1 «*'«on. U7 'Adkins)... 4 2 26
¦ 1M--JO 1-rDungamioit. 07 <Hels«n>. 2 3 3 n
••".?? •*-—*- ofrncmen. 99 - (L. Wilson). 10 9 ¦* n
' for foul. Time. 1 : 13 3-5. Start
¦ r*??' 'r?\ on * rtv l n *- Winner. P. Ehinnee b.
V. rJV* aisetto-Lady Jim Oor*. Ralph Younir
• ! '*'• i cSI 1W. CH*ten 8S. Triumvir 104. Rain
. 3snd IOS. Elwood JOO. Falkland 105. Ustaway
' -'J-: Froeborn. 92, O$c>wai loi. Bery Wadd«U
. !'i..also ran.
•^E£OXD. RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
J^ttinp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
' <*° -—Jane Holly. 00 < Robbing). 7 113
* l(J 1— Travers. 103 ( j. Booker*. 12 10 2 1
,5 to 1— Wane N'icht. 100 (Kr.ppJ 9 11 3 2
•T:m*. J:l> y-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. C. Meager' f ch. f. by Sleipner-Sena
r £> a l First Chip 100. Martin iO. Ha* Tag
302. -Louis Wagner 111. Poor Boy 95. Fleuron
• IOS. Uranium 100. Evas Dsrlinr 1«4 Vertrv
S<4. Alice t>ougherty 105, Zibia 00, al*o ran. *
.".THIRD RACE— One mile ar.4 seventy yards
t'UTse.
Betting. -Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. » 4 Fin
. Kto-5 — Santon. lu5 <H<?l*esen) . . . 5 2 1 n
5 t^'2— Bondage, 110 (RobbinF)... 4 5 2 4
: j5. tn 1 — Galba. 105 (Henry) 13 3 1U
,.•' Time, .1 :4'S ."5-5. Start good. Won driving*.
inner, «iddleton & Jungbluth't b. c. by
¦ *k>!Sen Garter-Santa Rita. Gltr.dale 105 Big
Ben 112. a^o ran.
. 'FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
lurj-e. .
..Betting. Horw. Weight Jookey. St. ». Fin.
H to -V-Mimarka, UM <«"rowhur#t). 5 -5 1 n
*• to 1 — Jack Demund. 107 <H«-l?sn> «> 2 2 h
.7 to 1 — Ht-rmenria. 101 (Adkins).. 7 7 3 1
.Time, 1 :45 2-*.. Start good. Won driving.
•Winner. T. C McDowell's hr. m. by Prince of
*,M ¦•naoo-Narka. Aladdin lfti. Beau Ormonde
103; The Conqueror II 104, South Trimble 10°
•;Vulc«"l;} 104, also ran.
, K1FTH RACE— Five furior.es; purse.
'.letting. Horw, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin
•> to 2— Witchcraft. 105 (H^lpsnJ. ."> 2 1 h
31 tot. — Miff Crawford,! 11 <A.Bkr» 8 6 2m
. S to 1 — DeiTminaticn.lOa <Dmnk> 3 1 3 l
¦^Tinr. 1:00 3-r.. Start good. Won driving.
¦»>-8T. B. W. Street 4- Co.'s eh. I. by Horo
' »>op»'.-<i-jeerj=ton. Fweetie 111. Badger Girl 115
¦ O*-rsnium JOT. ilands-om? Fiorry 1(js Soufriere
.•w«. St. Paula- lfts. Tapiola 105. Vallarambla
aiso ran.'
' , SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth mile*;
jeH.ling, :
¦ ..l^fturz. Horsf. Weight. Jixkey. St. % Fin
¦..'¦; f> -1— Haviland. IOimH. Phtnips) 1 l i i'
'. ¦•5";t(jr 2-^R«!lin« Boer. 1(^ (Wndy) 3 2 •» 5
: 16 Xc\ ]— Oxtoa. J»fi <Helg«*en) 6 5 33
. Time. 1:Z2. Mart eood. Won easily. Win
¦¦.*>'¦?. Cock'n br. p. by 1-attoon-Anvales.
• Ad*!snt»i JOft. FlTigal 109. Kentucky Cardinal
T'*S, dinner Simon !«<, Little Elkln Ujfi, also ran
Special Dispatch to The Call
' Vr> 11ICAG0, July 3.— Washington Park
'¦ I .- ':¦'. track. continues, to be as fast at
.' i\—^ lightning and another world's reo
. «Td : was- shattered here To-day.
; Janc ¦¦';.. Holly, with ninety-nine pound*
•x?n ; her back in the eecond rac«,
r 'Jp9&*; six and a half furlongs In
.J:l*_3r5,; one-fifth of a second better than
the. previous record. The filly was heavily
•}i!a.v<d and the owner, Yeager. la said to
• have, blistered the ring, getting 7 to 2 for
nfcs monpy. She won easily.
Events Prove of Slight In
terest, but Good Time Is
Made in a Brisk Contest
B\o Bob Is Disqualified at
.Washington Par,k Because
- of Crowding in Stretch
George Odom Criticized Be
cause of the >Action of
• Andy Williams in a Race
Fifth. of a Second Is Clipped
.Off and Owner of the
.Filly Blisters the Ring
JOCKEY GETS
SOME CENSURE
AT SHEEPSHEAD
JANE HOLLY'S
RACE MAKES A
NEW RECORD
QUARTET OF EXPERTS WILL MEET
ON THE COURTS FOR TENNIS HONORS
Competition in the ; Championship Tournament at San Rafael
Narrows Down toi Messrs^ Gorier, Allen, ! Routh and Smith-
Miss Varney and Miss Edwards to Play for 'the. Ladies' Trophy
SPORTS OF THE TRACK AND THE FIELD
TH E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY. JULY 4, * 1903.
9
AJJVERTISEirENTS.
? ?????? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?>?'» ??'?'??»
r '
I Hunter
¦* * Leads in public favor solely
\1 on its quality, age, purity,
- - flavor, all as one in its
"""" ¦ I
::Perfectioiv
"t - • HUMBERT MERCANTILE CO..
I 213-215 Market St.. San Francisco. CsL ]
?• Telephone Exchange 313.BAKERSFIELD. July 3.— On Tuesday next
Sheriff Kelly will * sell at public auction the
property of the Clark Refining Company at the
Kern River, flvld to satisfy judgments obtained
by Rlckard. H erron and McCone and the As
sociated Oil Company. ¦ The property consists
of a ; large • supply of 'i asphaltum, machinery,
tools and stills. . .
Vancouver Lumber Mills Retaliate.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 3.—Vancou
ver lumber mills, acting in concert, an
nounced to-day that they would not sell
any morejumber to local contractors un
til further notice. This action is taken in
retaliation for a strike declared against
owners of Bawmllls.
' .-Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS./
LJZARD— Patard July 3— Stn:r Frifdrricl
Igr Onw »<\ from N>w York, for Plymouth
."nerbourg and Bremen.
URmvilEAU— I'usFed July 3— Stmr Celtic,
tfffl iifV Tprk. for Liverpool.
BERLIN. July 3. —The fiscal year's exports'
of Germany to the lnit?d States amounted t<>
fll9.77S.C25. an Increase of $18.0^,561.
OAKLAND."; July 3.— The Hahn heirs
have settled their differences over . pro
bating the estate .of their 'mother, . Kath
erine Hahn, deceased, and the threatened
will, contest has been averted.. The es
tate" was appraised ¦ at $120,622 and is lo
cated near Haywards. The share " of
Adolph Hahn, one of the -six- children,
was left in trust for him with the pro
vision that if .he Contested , the; will -he
should be disinherited. He 'began a con
test , but it has been ; compromised. .
Hahn Heirs Reconciled.
.OAKLAND,, July 3.— E.G. 5 Shirley stole
an alarm clock this morning from I.
Alexander's store on ; lower Broadway.
While 'the timepiece was An the thief's
pocket the alarm went off as he was leav
ing the store. Mrs. ; Alexander.; called' a
policeman and Shirley .went to Jail..- '
Alarm Clock Exposes Thief.
Detected Thief Shoots Himself.
• DdYLESTOWN. Pa., July 3.-Louis N
• .Blank pf Bichboro. Pa., who was arrest
.ed on Tuesday, charged with stealing
• flqwe/s ;from graves, committed suicide
-*jr Fjiooting himself through the head.
Worry over hi? arrest prompted the act.
BERKELEY. July 3.-The Rev. •.;«>or«e
B. Hatch, who recently resigned from lhe
pulpit of ; the First Congregational
Church, left with Mrs. Hatch fcr tho
East last night. He will fill the pulpit
of the Congregational Church of Three
Oaks, Mich., temporarily, but his ultimate
destination is unknown. The Rev. F. N.
Oreeley will fill the vacant pulpit next
Sunday.
Goes to Eastern Pulpit.
.POMONA. July 3.-Dr. D. K.Pearsonsof
Chicago has given $50,000 to -Pomona Col
lege, which Is the largest cash gift ever
made to a Southern California college.
A letter reached the college authorities
containing a check for the amount. This
is the second gift of pr. Pearsons to Po
mona College. '. .
Pomona College Receives Large Gift.
OAKLAND. July 3.— The following mar
riage licenses were Issued to-day:
Jesse B. Laurence, 25, Point Richmond,
and Edna Hadley, 23. Eugene:' David T."
Stratton, 27. and Evelyn A. . Cambra. 26.
both of Santa Rosa; John :P. .Dean., 25.
and Nellie Porter, 21, both' of Berkeley;
Thomas J- KeKeher. 23. and Kmma Silva.
23, both of San Francisco; George! II.
Eckert, 32, and Laura L. Drake. 23, both
of San Francisco; Frank H. Ferguson. 20.
Oakland, and Elrha A. Vrooman. 17,
Tracy; Joseph O. Brown. 21, ' Sdn-Lean
dro and Louise Minto.- 19. Oakley: Theo
dule Saclier, 33. : and /Amanda Grubb. 24,
both of San Francisco; Joseph . H. . Clay
ton s 33, and Clara G. McGuire. - 29, . both
of Oakland; George D. White Jr.; over
21. and Mae H. Lewthwalte, over 18," both
of Oakland. / . .
Marriage Licenses.
SAN JOSE, July 3.— Judge, Lelb to-day
lssued an Injunction restraining members
of the San Jose Firemen's Relief Fund
from further steps toward dissolution,
which he holds is impossible except' by
unanimous agreement and that the fund
would then escheat to the State, no pro
vision having been made in the original
articles for dissolution.
Court Restrains the Directprs.
•MJ&sRoedell. becoming faint, called for
. assistance. A companion. Miss Harrl
.• £*i*,"weht to her assistance, but was ov«;r
¦' <y>me. either by fright or fatigue, from the
.endeavor and .-auk. although a good
'¦svirrfmcr. Fortunately W. W. Cooper of
. ya^'wards was near in a boat and he
seized Miss Harr!gan as she was about
to sink fnf the third time. Miss Roedell
•was.als.p taken in the boat and soon re
vived. Miss Harrigan was placed in
charge of- friends and although much ex-
Kausted. '-was through their efforts finally
festored.
Women Narrowly Escape Drowning
;DUNCAXS MILLS. July 3.-Two ladies,
guests of the Hotel El Honito. narrowly
escaped" dro-wning In the presence of a
large nuni'ber of visitors to-day. A num
oes of ladies were swimming and one
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 3.— L. H. Rhu
art, manager of the New York Life In
surance Company for Arizona and Sono
ra. believed yesterday to be a- victim of
foul play, returned home to-day, safe and
well. He went to Sonora on business, vis
ited a mining camp and from there hoped
to* save time by traveling across the des
ert with a guide to another railroad sta
tion. The guide lost the way and several
days were spent wandering about, finally
striking the Southern . Pacific '"Railroad
east of Yuma.
Missing Man Keturns Home.
OAKLAND. July 3.-The Board of Pub
lic Works to-day sustained the protest of
the E. B. & A. I* Stone Company, pre
sented by Attorney George W. Reed
against the award of a contract to the
Oakland Paving Company for furnishing
rock for street work west of Lake Mer
ritt. ' The stone company was given tho
contract.
»
his Inauguration and will deliver the ad
dress of the day. The literary exercises
will offer additional patriotic features
The races in the afternoon upon Lake
Merrltt have the sanction of the Ath
letic Union of the Pacific Coast and win
be full of interest. U
The following named will care for the
TlSL M^ E tt: he 1UnChe ° n OQ thC bank "
Lyon Relief Corps — Mrs P a miii,™^.
$Z S; ShiXn": Mr> - *g£ *S
Modern Brotherhood^ — Mrs J Vai-n.-- *»
s^K^&aS* *-£ * *&
O^^^^^cSr?^^ 1^ <* £•
dard. Mrs. S. B. Colper Mrs E P«j, Stod "
Mrs. Marr Frary. ' ' P r Sampson.
Calanthe Tempi* No fi. R«th»vuw. e. .
Mrs. J. Spencer. Mrs! E V, ! ll*£ ff* t<r V-
Myers. Mrs. E. Corey. Mrs Lu y Ho W M "
Loyal Temple No. 47. Rathbone «?ut-^?\t
Kelso. Mrs. Blgelow. Mn s»»tj M^^ 1 ™
covich. Mrs. Chloupek. MUl Mr> - B*r-
Native Daughters of the CoMen'tv«U ».-^
mont Parlor So. S«— Mrs. T in" ptT,V T^'
A. McDonald. Mrs M. Brown Writ' > Mr "
den. Mrs. J. E Brown awa - Mr »- L- Mur-
Toun* Ladies' Institute — Miss O'n-t-
Mccarty. M.sa Crllly. M1 »' Va^ Sfi
H H^dwi\ 1 Mr^^VuVerS^ C^ b TT M -
Mrs. J. Htwhea. Mm. A. AH-™' F- Lme »-
Catholic Ladles' Aid— Mrs,"i^a r v M __ _
Jordan. Mrs. J. Lynca. -"**r*. «»
Board Sustains Protest.
• -itpMK. July 3.— The news that the Czar
•will not return this year the visit of the
Kii.V <>t Italy is attributed to the atti
tude of the Italian Socialists, who in the
irhatftber -and the press and at public
have- openly declared that they
•w.ouJd seize the opportunity of the Czar's
comjng. to Italy to protest ngalnst the
'.massacre' of the Jews at Kishenev.
JTICH0LAS IS FEARFUL
•i' OF HISSES IN ITALY
<?zar.. Is Not Anxious to Incur In
•'¦ • • suit In the Eternal
:•.'* • ' City.
, Governor George C." Pardee .will appear
in his home city for the first time since
2:30' p. ro. — Championship rowing regatta,
eight events and five competing crews, under
auspices of Pacific Athletic Association.
Day fireworks during the afternoon.
8 p. m. — Night fireworks in lot ' bounded by
Jackson. Oak.Twflftli atfd Thirteenth streets.
Oakland Carnival will be open all day ami
the day will conclude with celebration In the
grounds.
The events of , the day will be roost elab
orate. The parade In. the morning will be
participated in by a large number of
troops from the PresWIo. .There. will be
Infantry, artillery, cavalry, a battalion of
marines and the- boys from - the Naval
School on Goat Island. All of the National
Guard will turn out and in addition there
.will' be a brave* showing of the uniformed
societies of the city.
While the- literary exercises are In progress
lunch- will be served to the visiting mlllt*ry
under the willows on the banks of Lake Mer
rltt. ¦ . ¦.
1 p. m. — Miniature yacht race on Lake
MerrltU
1:30 p. m.— Bicycle racf» on the boulevard
under the direction of the Associated Cycling
Clubs. .
2 p. m. — Novelty and fancy races on Lake
Werritt. - ¦ = "
- Immediately at clou* of parade literary ex
ercises. will take place In the Macdonough
Theater. - - •
Oakland will have an all day and night
celebration on the Fourth of July. The
celebration will begin early In the morn
ing and will last until the Southern Pa
cific Company and the street railroads
send their last cars homeward, which will
include a 12:30 a. m. boat for San Fran
cisco and 1:30 a. m. cars on the Oakland
Transit Company's lines for Alameda,
Berkeley and East and West Oakland. .
That people . may find just what they
want to see and hear, the following- sum
mary of the events of the day Is pub
lished: «
0 :30 a. m. — Parade . will be formed upon
lower Broadway.
10:15 a. m. — Procession will move. Line of
march — Broadway to Seventh. 10 Washington,
to -Fourteenth, to San Pablo, to Twentieth, to
Broadway, to Seventh, countermarch on Broad
way to Twentieth. Reviewing stand on Broad
way, between Nineteenth and Twentieth
streets. ¦ . '- •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. JAily X
BERKELEY. July 3.— Two , seniors, Louis
Albert Elmore and Chancellor N. Ber
tels, Ealleii recently for Japan, where they wll!
become teachers of English In the high schools.
Their destination will not he decided en until
they have passed the Government examination.
Twelve graduates or former students of the
Unl\erslty of California are now teaching; in
various Japanese hchools. and a number of
other university men are in Japan as engineers,
aa merchants, or in other capacities. Elmer*
was a member of the college of letters and
graduated from the Haywards High school in
189S. Bertels is an experienced teacher and
was also a student in the college, of letters.
The Hearst amphitheater I.* rapidly nearlng
corrpletion and will soon be ready for dedica
tion. The stage and its background of con
crete are now in place. .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Governor Pardee Will
Deliver Address of
the Day.
"We must get more material and study
all carefully. In the meantime we must
withhold judgment. If. the remains are
genuine they furnish: the best proofs that
have yet been found of man's early exist
ence in America. If . only ,' water-worn
fragments, they are still an Interesting
chapter from the history of life in this
part of tho world. And the man himself
we may find in some other cave, and his
history may be read by the record being
obtained at Potter Creek."
In* introducing his subject' Professor
Merriam spoke interestingly of the results
of the scientific study, of man's history.
The scientists, he said, had been able to
trace man to a period 50,000 years .ago.
This was accomplished through examina
tion of fossils -found in caves and' plain
deposits. .•';.
"No other cave in the world," said Pro
fessor Merriam. "furnishes such well-pre
served specimens of remains as this.
There are other caves in Shasta County
still to be explored, however. I believe
that an extensive examination . of these
would furnish results that would repay all
the time and money spent on them. But
the work must be done by careful/ expe
rienced hands, for. It is a very easy mat
ter for one not experienced to destroy fos
sils of inestimable value.
Potter Creek in Shasta County, however,
is richest In fossil remains. The cave was
found in 1S7S by J. A. Richardson, who
discovered there the skull of a large ex
tinct bear, now at the American Mu3eum
in New York. E. L. Furlong rediscovered
the cave last year. It is 10$> feet long und
2a feet wide and is reached by a rope
ladder. In thia cavern were found a large
number of fractured bones in a good stute
of preservation, and some skulls. Traces
of man's existence have been diligently
sought, and a number of polished and
pointed bones were . found which might
have served/ as implements, but so far
there are no positive results.
In a lecture this evening at South Hall
on the "Exploration and Excavation of
the Caves of California" Professor John
C Merriam, professor of palaeontology at
the University of California, said that
the fossil remains found in the cave? of
the. State furnish more satisfactory
proofs of man's age in America than any
so far obtained in other parts of the
country.
Professor Merriam described in detail
the caves of Calaveras, Tuolumnc and
Shasta counties. Those of Calaveras and
Tuolumnc, he said, arc limestone in their
character, a formation which preserves
almost intact the remains embedded in It.
Here have been found many skulls of In
dians of the low-browed type, which must
have belonged to the bodies of men who
lived ages ago. Some of the remains
found at Murphys, in Tuolumne, and. Cave
City, in Calaveras, he saia, are of doubt
ful origin; that is, it is impossible to dis
tinguish whether they arc human or ani
mal bones.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2H3 Center Street. July 3.
At the time of the action taken in the
matter the Goodes were occupying a
house belonging to C. H. King at 370 East
Eleventh street. Goode states that he
was served with a peremptory notice to
vacate the house, but owing to the condi
tion of his wife was unable to do so. Car
penters were then sent by King and the
house was raised and a new foundation
placed under it and then the shingles
were torn off and replaced by new ones.
Guode pays King and his agents. Wood
ward & Watson were both Informed of
the condition of his wife, but would take
no action in the matter. This occurred at
the first of the year.
Mental and physical suffering are set
forth as the grounds for a $10,000 damage j
suit instituted to-day by J. D. Goode and j
his wife. Saiah, against C. H. King, an
Eafct Oakland capitalist. Mrs. Goode was
on a sick bed with n new-born child j
when, it is alleged, carpenters began tear- ,
ing away, nrst the foundations of the j
house and then the roof, under orders I
from King.
The noise and jarring, together with the
delicate health of Mrs. Goode. it is al
leged, have resulted In completely pros
trating her and seriously affected the j
health of both mother and child. They
ask J30J0 for both mental and physical suf
fering and IGCKK) for extra trouble and ex
pense wr the care and nursing of Mrs.
Goode and permanent injury to her
health.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 3.
":ST. LOUIS. July 3.— Official action de
claring a strike on all St. Louis transit
.lines, tc take effect at 4:30 o'clock to
morrow morning, was taken late to-night
at a rooctir.g of 100 street railway em
pfoyes representing the Amalgamated As
sociation of Street Railway Employes of
jA-merica.
- .Notwithstanding the decree of the
.Amalgamated Association. It Is th<- gen
craJ that the declaration will not
t -materially- interrupt traffic to-morrow, for
¦tix_e[rciifoa that this association repre
sents jonly a small per cent of the 2700
U : trrp.loyes of the St. Louis Transit Cora
..pahy. .
STRIKE WILL BEGIN
'.. • •' ON ST. LOUIS ROADS
Street Transit Lines Are to Be
-¦ ! Tied Up in Early
."• ' ' ' Morning.
»
J. D. Goode and Wife
Hold Capitalist Lriable
for Suffering.
California Limestone
Caverns Yield Rich
Remains.
Claim Aged Haywards Capitalist Was
Influenced by Others to
Their Injury.
OAKLAND. July 3.— A contest to the
will of the late Elbridge Dole of Hay
wards, who died May 21 at the advauced
age of S3, was instituted to-day by
nephews and nieces of the deceased resid
ing at Bangor, Me.
Dole left his property. to Mrs. Mary
Dole, wife of a deceased brother, and
her son. Walter Dole. The estate is val
ued at t20.'000:
The contestants allege that their uncle
lived with Mrs. Dole and her i son and
that he was unduly influenced by them
In the makingof the will.
It Is further alleged that Crosby and
Ryker drew up the will at the request
of the proponents thereof and that it
was afterward signed by the deceased.
EASTERN RELATIVES
CONTEST DOLE'S WILL
OAKLAND, July 3.-Despondency be
cause of domestic troubles led Mrs. James
K. Holliday to end her .life with a
draught of Iodine at her home, 917 Park
Way East Oakland. The unhappy
woman took the drug Wednesday noon
and lingered until last night when she
died. Dr. S. B. Uttlepage. who attended
Mrs. Holliday. notified the Coroner this
afternoon of the- death.
Mrs. Holliday was 30 years of age and
yesterday, the day, of her death, was her
first wedding anniversary. Her husband,
to whom she was married a year ago in 4
San Franlsco. is a carpenter. He was
absent at work when his wife took the
fatal dose of poison. Mrs. Holllday's
friends; explaining the suicidal deed, said
her married life had been unpleasant and
that there had been many differences be
tween the husband and wife which had
caused much mental suffering and des
pondent periods during the year the
couple had been married. - : -.
After she had taken the poison. Mrs.
Holliday retained consciousness until the
last, and she repeatedly declared that life
was a burden to her. Before he.r mar
riage Mrs. Holliday resided In > Santa
Cruz. The funeral will be held -to-mor
row morning from private j undertaking
parlors.
Mrs. James Holliday, Despondent
Over Domestic Troubles, Takes
a Dose of Iodine.
WIFE OF A YEAR ENDS '.
HER LIFE WITH POISON.
Lyle Brown has occupied the ticket of
fice in the Marionette Theater ever since
the fair opened, night and day, and has
also been one of the "spielers" there.
George Sessions was a marked success as
of relief when the fair closes to-morrow
night thnn these society "spielers" who
have been devoting their lung power and
wit to the cause of charity.
Wtllard, Barton has done more than
anyone else to make famous the delicious
labiola. doughnut and has given his time
and voice without stint or reservation.
At the country store the Alameda men
iii charge there keep up a steady stream
of comical inducements to buy and the
fun there Is always fast and furious.
Among the many faithful workers there
George Betv and a dozen others arc prom
inent. Every night he conceals his iden
tity behind a different make-up and few
recognize in the grotesque old farmer or
Dutchman the genial young medical stu
dent. ' l
OAKLAND READY
FOR THE FOURTH
CVKLAND, July 3.— The Street Fair
and Carnival will close to-morrow. It had
a run of eight days, and the attend-
Oakland Carnival Will Close After
Highly Successful Run.
FOURTH OF JULY AT THE FAIR.
a "spieler" until his throat gave out, but
he has been a loyal assistant to the ladies
in charge of the marionettes.
W. H. J. Matthews sold enough lemon
ade for the West Oakland Home to nil
his big megaphone several hundred times.
Mr. Matthews is a very popular Elk and
whenever his stentorian tones were heard
inviting the crowd to "come right up and
have a drink," many obeyed unconscious
ly, some, perhaps, through force of habit.
Many others have given their lung
power and their wits to the work of help-
Ing dut the charities and their work has
been most successful.
? t
Because of the enforced absence of City
Attorney J. E. McElroy, president of tha
commission, the board deferred action un
til Monday afternoon at '4 o'clock at a
special meeting. *
OAKLAND. July 3.— The Board of Po
lice and Fire Commissioners to-day re
ceived a request from the Alameda Coun
ty Federated Trades urging the with
drawal of the police from the wagons of
the Sunset Telephone Company, claiming
that the guard is unnecessary.
A similar request was also received
from the grievance committee of local
union No. 131. International Brotherhood
of Electrical Workers, which is handling
the linemen's strike for this city. Tha
committee avers that the police protec
tion was given on insufficient evldenca
concerning the action of strikers in an
alleged assault on Broadway upon aa
employe of the telephone company.
UNIONS MAKE PROTEST
AGAINST POLICE GUARD
Bequest Commissioners to Withdraw
Men Furnished to Protect Tele
phone Company Workmen.
The fair will be In operation all day
to-morrow and it will form a very Im
portant part of the Fourth of July cele
bration in this city. The evening will be
turned absolutely over to the fair and it
will close in a blaze of glory.
It Is announced by the Country Store
that there will be a special auction sale of;
pictures to-morrow night at 11 o'clock.
J. A. Monroe of Alameda will act as auc
tioneer and the pictures offered will in
clude a Tom Hill and some really val
uable works. The Country Store has
cleared over $1000 and the boys want to
make it 52500. This amount will be dis
tributed among the charities of Alameda.
ance often exceeded 20,000 and never fell
below 10,000 except once. It la estimated
that the average attendance was 13.000
daily. With the crowds of to-night and
those of to-morrow this average will be*
made considerably larger. The fair has
drawn more from San Francisco and out
side cities than ever before, and the
Southern Pacific Company has found dif
ficulty in handling the crowds that
wanted to return to San Francisco on
the late boats. Extra trains have been
run at night, and it Is announced that
to-morrow night a special train will leava
on the narrow-gauge route at 12:30 a. m.
The street cars will also run until 1:30
In th« mornins.
OAKLAND. July 3.— The funeral of the
late Mrs. Ella Loretta Canfleld, wife of
Frederick Canfleld of -Santa Barbara, a
sister of City Attorney John E. McElroy,
was held this morning from the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, after pri
vate services had been held at the Mc-
Elroy residence, 607 Sixth street.
At the church a solemn requiem high
mass was said by the Rev. Michael King,
the venerable pastor of St. Mary's parish.
The pall bearers were Dr. A. H. Glaninni,
Judge A. B. Fritz. O. H. O'Brien of San
Francisco. A. B. Tarpey Jr. of Alameda".
H. C. Sagehorn and Eugene Corrlgan of
Oakland.
The interment was in St. Mary's Cem
etery.
FUNERAL SERVICES OVER
MRS. ELLA CANFIELD
Requiem High Mass Is Said by
Aged Pastor of St. Mary's
Parish.
SOME OP THOSE WHO HAVE CON
TRIBUTED LARGELY TO THE
SUCCESS OF THE FAIR.
CLAIM NOISE
RUINED HEALTH
day the crowning event in their
lives— their fiftieth wedding anniversary.
It was' an interesting affair, that was
honored by the presence of a great many
old friends of the long-blessed man and
wife. Ti.erc "as ¦ person there who
was a bridesmaid at the first wedding
half a century ago— Mrs. Bauer's sister,
Mrs. T. M. White.
-layor and Mrs. Eugene Schmitz of San
Francisco, life-long friends of the .bride
and groom, came in person to present
them with a handsome set of gold salad
spoons. Another guest, with a facetious
turn cf mind, tendered a "gold brick."
emblazoned with the figures, "1S53" and
"1W3." Then there were all manner of
appropriate presents from the thirty other
guests present, among whom were: Mrs.
II. H. Heywood. niece of Mrs. Bauer;
Mrs. Charlotte Schmitz, Mrs. W. M. Hey
wood. Mrs. Captain Robinson. Mrs.
Kreling. Dr. Charles F\ Gladding. Mrs.
James Hlggins. Miss Etta- Hlggins. Her-
ERKELEY. July 3.-In a pretty
rose-covered cottage at 1111 Ox
ford street Mrs. and Mrs. x.'enry
Bauer celebrated last Thurs-
CAVES FURNISH
TRACES OF MAN
In the evening of life Mr. and Mrs.
Bauer are as hale and spirited as they
were when they embarked on life's Jour
ney together. They were married In Bos
ton on June 17. 1S53. the anniversary of
the battle of Bunker Hill. She was Eliza
beth Frances Tyson and 19 years old. He
was 26 years old and the son of an old
Boston family. Boston was their home
until 1862. when Mr. Bauer came to San
Francisco to make his fortune, his wife
following later. He engaged in business
ventures, was successful and now has re
tired for a well-earned vacation. The
Bauers had only one son. so that", their
nearest living relatives are Mrs. Bauer's
two sisters.
A brief reception to the guests, all of
whom showered congratulations, was fol
lowed by a collation, during which the
health of the bride and groom was
toasted over and over again. The con
gratulatory letters of many absent friends
were read and' one came from Mrs. H. L.
Tisdale of Boston, a sister of Mrs.
Bauer.
bert Schmltz. Miss L. A. Stevens. Miss
Gertrude Stevens. Mrs. C. M. Hunt, Miss
Minnie Baden. Mrs. Anna Schmidt, Mrs.
I*. E. Krcmbser. Mrs. J. E. Hlghtower,
Mr. and Mrs. John Hack. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Tlllion and Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Gordon.
AGED BERKELEY COUPLE WHO
CELEBRATED THEIR FIFTIETH
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY.
OAKLAND, July 3.— Mayor Warren Ol
riey refuses to conilrm a street rumor
that Desmond Fitzgerald, the expert who
examined the municipal water supply
situation in Oakland at his Honor's re
quest, has rendered a report advocating
the purchase of the Contra Costa Water
Company's plant as the most feasible and
economical way for Oakland to own its
water supply. It is also said that Fitz
gerald has reported against the proposi
tion to procure a supply from the Niles
gravel beds. ,
Mayor Olney. in an interview, said: ¦
I am not prepared at this time to say
whether Mr. Fitzeerald has or has not ren
dered a report. It will probably be a month
before I shall be ready to make public any
statement or recommendation on the water
«tupply question.
His Honor Refuses to Discuss
Rumor of Report From Expert
Desmond Fitzgerald. :.
MAYO.* DECLINES TO
TALK ABOUT WATEB
.'•. According to the story told by Mrs.
.'¦Mills to the police last night, a man
iailedat hrr residence on Wednesday aft
: !rrn»bn and asked the Japanese servant if
•.lhe fdl&s were in. The servant said no
. and »he man went away. Nothing fur
• thef was thought of the incident until
• later developments.
¦'.': Shortly after 2 o'clock last Thursday
•¦. *nornir.g the Japanese servant was awak
'•ciied by two men. who had evidently en
• ••tered the house by the aid. of a skeleton
•key.. In rough tones th.'y commanded
•. lihn'to show them through the house and
'reveal the place where the valuables were
: :k«pt.
. • The servant led the way to the parlor.
•>ut suddenly showed tight, lie grappled
¦ fiercely with uno of th«- men and threw
- h;m to the floor. Then th<* other came to
7 tRe fallen -man's assistance, whereupon a
' ha.ird Itght ensued. The Jap was tinally
"•..overpowered- and rendered unconscious by
/."a. Llow over the right eye with the buvt
• H.*nd of a revolver.
• [ When the servant was laid out on the
•' floor the two men bound Mm with a nura
">>rr "of Decktfefl betonstas to Mr. Mills.
¦¦-They were found in the room. They
• lfiricw the unfortunate servant into a
'S-Ibfce.t. so that his screams would not
;.uwak.eYi the -neighbors if he happened to
. r.epain his guises.
• •The two men lost no time in going
' through the house and taking all they
•'could lay hands on. In their hurried
./search- they discovered a handsome gold
'* watch and chain l>elonging to Mrs. Mills.
a diamond pin valued at several hundred
• dollar*", a handsome geld clock and a
bnrnd new suit of clothes belonging to
*.. Mr.. Mill?.
The .robbers lost no time in making
their et-cape. and they departed as mys
"teriously as they entered, leaving no clew
" behind' them. Mr. Mills, who had been
detained downtown late that night, re
turned about 3:30 o'clock, liis attention
.tias' attracted by the screams of the Jap.
.whw had regained consciousness. Mr.
¦ .-Mills at once released him.
The Jap is a bright sort of a fellow and
is able to give a pood description of the
"men. He states that they were Tjoth
• ab'oujt five fep t seven inches tall, light
• womplexioned and both wore mustaches.
.Born were young, apparently about 28 or
-Years "of age. and both wore blue army
\ trrtusers and jvests and coats of a light
.Tgray material.
'•'• Mrs. Mills was not at home at the time
•• o*^thfe -robbery, but she returned during
. the day. after being informed by her hus
.tiand of the robbery. She- is very anxious
to'.regain the stolen articles at any cost.
•TRi: they were family heirlooms and price- '
. lrs-s to her. The police bare not the
•'slightest clew to work in, but Captain
•Martlri has detailed several of his best j
.men on the ca.^e and expects to appre
• htnd the burglars in a short time.
' . \Two desperate burglars entered the
. Jiqrpe of W. L. B. Mills. 2478 Broadway, at
' 2 JO o.'clock on Thursday morning and
'succeeded in robbing the house of several
.•hundred dollars' worth «f jewelry and
j>(ime valuable clothing. Mr. Mills is sec
retary' of the Pacific Luml>er Company.
" .The burglars beat the Japanese servant
• 'about 'the head because he showed fiKht
. "aifid then tied him and threw him into :i
'ciosrt, bo that his screams would not
•alarm' the neighbors. They succeeded in
¦."making good their escape and nothing has
- . -bfcen b-eard of them since. The police are
Ftrcnuous efforts to apprehend
¦" ih^nu :
Throwing Their Victim Into a
.: CJoset, They Sack the House
:'' . and Carry A-way
'.; • . Booty:
: ; Servant Is Game, but Un
. - '. known Demons Beat and
' .':¦ ¦ ¦ ; Fetter Him.
Assessor Dalton also states that he and
Assessor Dodge will both assess the fran
chise, of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, so that if the company escapes in
one county it will be caught in the other.
The water company will be assessed at
$6,000,000, which is $1,000,000 more than last
year and is in reality $2,500,000 more, as it
escaped a $1,500,000 assessment. The Oak
land Transit Consolidated is to be raised
from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000, and the Oak
land Gas, Light and Heat Company for
as much more on their assessments over
last yeai.
"I am not decided as to what to do in
the matter. There is plenty of property
•we can seize and it need not necessarily
be a ferry-boat. We can take anything
for taxe3 that belongs to the corporation.
I have until the third Monday In July
before I have to take action. I wish,
however, to consult with Assessor Dodge,
as we will probably act together in the
matter."
Up to closing hour this evening nothing
had been heard at the Assessor's office
from the Southern Pacific Railway in re
gard' to ; the demand made upon the com
pany by Assessor Dalton for the payment
of taxes on a $1,050,000 extra assessment
on its bay franchise. This was the last
day for such payment. Assessor Dalton
states that he will take no action before
Monday and that in the meantime he will
confer with Assessor-Dodge of San Fran
cisco as to the best course to pursue. In
this regard he says:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
t ; 1118 Broadway, July 3.
Southern Pacific Sends No
Money to Settle Ita
Account.
: * Desperate RobbersPlun
; -. ' . der Home of W. L.
•V V - B.. Mills.
OAKLAND, July 3.-"A pig in a
poke at the county store and a
prize for every dime!" ,
"A gap and a swallow and there
you are. Fabiola doughnuts so
down without oiling!"
"Roll up! Tumble upt Ante.up!.,. You're
up against It If you don't see the Royal
Eye-tallan Marionettes!"
Night after night for the past two
weeks the .young society men who have
been acting as "spielers" for the various
concessions have kept the passing
throngs amused with words and phrases
that as English have sometimes been mis
fits, perhaps, but, as means of coaxing
dimes from the lagging ones have been
highly successful. Bellowing megaphones
have been their aids in proclaiming the
virtues of their wares. They have worked
faithfully and with enthusiasm, and' none
there are who will heave a deeper sigh
Ignores Demands Made
by Assessor for
More Taxes.
RAILROAD SAYS
IT'S YOUR MOVE
BIND JAP
THEN LOOT
BESIDENCE
BELLOWING MEGAPHONES ANNOUNCE
WONDERS OF THE STREET CARNIVAL
Young Society-Men Become Venders of Lemonade, Fabiola Dough
nuts and Other Nick-Nacks, Some Distinguishing Themselves
as Old-time Farmers, Peddlers and. Like Laughable Characters
THE v SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bauer Celebrate in Their
Rose-Covered Home in Berkeley the
Fiftieth Anniversary of Their . Marriage
FRIENDS DO THEM HONOR
ON GOLDEN WEDDING DAY
10BAGS — Grain Bags, 5@5VJc; San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32©35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. Ctfe. 6^c and 7ftc for
the three Rrades. _ . , ... .
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Roslyn.
$7- Coos Bay, $5 50: Greta, $7; Wallsend,
$7 50- Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Eeir $13; Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel. $s 50
per ton;; Coke, $11 50@13 per ton In bulk and
$16 In sacks; = Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$9 45 per 2000 lbs and 58 50 per ton. according
to braJ«d. ' . . -
OIL— Linseed. 51c for boiled and 49e for raw
In barrels; cases, 5o more; California Castor
OH. '•: In cases. .'No.? 1. 70c; pure, $1 12; Lucol.
46c for boiled and 44c for raw. in barrels; Lard
Oil extra winter strained, ¦ barrels, 90c; cases'
96c; China Nut. 57%662c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot. In barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm,
pure, 70c; Whale OH, natural white, 50®55c per
gallon- Fish: Oil. in barrels, 45c; cases, 50c;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.' ' r , ; .:
• COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH In bulk,
14c; . Pearl Oil In cases. 20Hc; Astral. 20^c;
Star, 20%c: Extra. Star.. 24 %c;; Elaine, 26V4c;
Eocene. 23 V6c;. deodorlied Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; ' In cases, 23ftc; Benzine, In balk.
General Merchandise.
The continued hot weather tended to lessen
the demand for Poultry and the market closed
the week rather easy. . Receipts, however,
were moderate and large young stock continued
to • bring good prlces. > Hens were easy, Jbut
notquotably lower." Prices of Hare and Rab
bits were largely nominal, a large portion of
the receipts being in bad order and the demand
being ilKht owing to the warm weather.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, $1@1 50; Goslings, $1@1 50; Ducks,
$3 50fi4 50 per dozen for .old and $4@5 , for
young: Hens, $4 5006; young Roosters, $S@
10; old Roosters, '* $5@5 60; Fryers. $5©«;
Broilers. $3 50@4 for larjte and $2 ( 50@3 for
small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 75 for squabs. _.- ¦ .
- GAME— Rabbits, $1 25®1 50 per dozen;
Hare,";75c@$l. ¦ ' ••
Poultry and Game.
EASTERN MARKETS.
. . . • »
Neiv.Ycrk Stock Market.
VEW TORK. July 3.— Many members of the
,Jntor4i Exntianse who had petitioned the board
if £*>yernor« to make to-day a holiday lgnoreti
th* arseion and went out of town. The hand
ful .of mesnbers who attended the sescion
ctrvled among themselves almost exclusively
a£d there was rcarrely an echo of the outside
wor^l in tlte board room. As a consequence
to-<J«y'« -Sealing!! fell below 200.000 shares to
¦ new l<jjr l»>vei of activity for the year. The
(act. that tfce'jrrain and proviclon markets were
clom>a for- a holiday increased the apathy in
th* . etock market, owing to the large Im
portance attached at this time to the progress
of the crr>r*. Whatever «perulatlve interest
«tS diverted fmm the field seemed to go Into
the cotton market, which divides with It at
r>rwnt tH» chief «t>*culatlve Interest. There
•m feverish. activity in the cotton market over
tte^ publication of the Government' s estimate
The following quotations are 'for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
ptr cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8®9c: Cows and Heifers,
70Sc: thin Cows. 4©5c per lb. .
CALVES— 4@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%®35io per lb
(cross weight). i
LAMBS— Spring. $2 60®2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live. Hogs, 140 to, 200 lbn. 6K@CV»c;
under 140 lbs, 5%@Gc; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations. »
Good large Hogs are quoted a fraction
hlKher being rather scarce again. There are
too many small Hogs coming in. Other Meats
are unchange^g^ MEATg . r
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%®7%c for Steers««nd 5&®0%c per
'"vEA^LarKe. 708c; email, 9®9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@9o; Ewes, 8S8Hc;
Pe LA b MB— Spring, 10#10Hc'per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8^©9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
Emerett L. and . S. J. Anderson to Stephen
T. Gage, lot beginning at a point on W line
of public street CO feet wide, mentioned In deed
to . J. ' E. Barrows. 302 D. 136. distant 155 N
from N line of Bancroft way, thence along said
W line of DUbllc street. .N 35 ' by W 157.23.
portion of plat 71. Kellersberger's Map, Ran
.chos V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $10.
»• Marie de Labrousse • (single) to Louisiana J.
Randolph- (wife of O. A.). SE 25 feet of lot 7
anA'NW 12:6 feet of lot 8, block A. Monte
Vista Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frank R. and Maria J.- Garcia to Henry H.
Dunlap. lot on "E line of Pleasanton avenue.
154.06 S of Rose avenue. E 148.eO. S
180. W 195.18. N 1*5.00. Mots 16 to 18. Nevis
Tract. Pleasanton. subject to lease to Benja
min Chaboya. March 3 1903 Murray Town
ship; $10
Gusta and Charles TIchner to Frank H. Gra
ham, lot on NW corner of Eighth and Alice
streets N 75 by W 50 portions lots 20 to 22.
block 85, Kellersberger s map. Oakland: $10.
Frank H. Graham to Dora' E. and Wallace
E. Miller, same. Oakland: $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to David U.. Stanage,
lot 4. block S. Alplr/t Tract, deed and agree
ment, Oakland: $10. ".
sWUhelmlna and J. .F.- Street to Albert and
Aline Alder., lot on NW.llne of Sixteenth ave
nue.- -75 SW : of East : Seventeenth street SW
65 by r N W 150. block 33. San Antonio East
Oakland: $10. - ¦.
Mary E. and Alton H. Clough to Calvin A.
Shaw, lot on S line of East Sixteenth street.
289:9 W of Twenty- third avenue W 100 SW
1«3. E 99.20. NE 170.06:also lot' on S line of
East Sixteenth street. 153:.' U W of Twenty
third avenue. S 181:1%. W 70. N 175.38. to
point.'- etc.; E 75 ; also lot on N E li ne of East
Hermann Meese Sr., Henry Stut and Henry
Evers Sr. (executors of the estate of John
Schumacher) to Sol Kahn, all Interest In lot
on W line of Myrtle street. 114:6 N of West
Twelfth (stnee widening to 80 feet). N 60 by
W 125, lot 10 and portion of lot 9, map of plan
of subdivision of block 570, Oakland; $9000.
Henry and Jeahle D. East to Ida E. Mat
thews, lot on S line of Eighteenth street,
321.43 W of San Pablo avenue, iW 41.60 S
89.43, SE 41.68. etc., N 89.67. lot 32. and' W
16.0C feet of lot 31, Johnson Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Margaretta M. Hunt to Bessie R. Elliott
(minor), lot beginning at a point 140 E and at
right angle from point 129 N alone G line of
Telegraph avenue from intersection of said line
of said avenue with N line of Bay or Twenty
sixth street, thence N 6 by E 10. Oakland- $1.
Edson F. and John Charles Adams and Julia
P. A. Prather to Louise B. Mllwaln. lot begin
ning at a point from which most S corner of
land formerly conveyed to A. S. Larkey, 857 A>
401. beam NW 346.03 distant, thence SE 1Z3
by NE 50, portion of plat 21, map of Ranchos
V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10. •
William M. Butters Jr. to Emma C. Searles.
lot on S line of Santa Fe avenue, 201.15
from W line of San Pablo avenue, W lOti by
W 30, lot 6G, map No. 2, William M. Butters
tract. Oakland: $10.
Calvin A. Shaw to Edward A. Klein, lot on
SW corner of East Twenty-first street and
Eighth avenue, S 60 by W 99:6, subject to
mortgage of $300. East Oakland; $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty
Syndicate, lot on SW line of Sunnyslde avenue
3««.73 NW of Oakland avenue. NW 90 by SW
100. lots 7 to 9, block C, Bather Tract, Oakland
TOwnship; $10.
RaymandL. or Raymond L. and Olla Ber
nler to Emily I. Russell (widow), lot on NW
corner of Twenty- first and West streets, W
100 by N 50. lot 10. block J. Curtis & Williams
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — O2#
New York Exchange. telegraphic — .05
Sliver, per ounce — 53
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....- — - 41 15
Potatoes, Onions"and Vegetables.
Some of the river boats arrived late and the
Potato market was slenderly supplied in the
early morning and continued firm. An easier
feeling prevailed later in the -day as the be
lated boats brought heavy supplies and dealers
were anxious to clean up before the holidays.
Old Burbanks were steady and unchanged.
Onions continued easy with supplies plentiful.
VegO.bles arrived freely and prices of several
descriptions were lower under heavy receipts.
Asparagus and Summer Squash cleaned up well
nnd were the only firm articles on the list.
Tomatoes in large open boxes were steady in
the morning, but the late boats from the river
brought heavy supplies and prices receded until
$1 50 per box was the ruling price. Tomatoes
In small boxes from Vacavllle and elsewhere
dragged at easy rates. Green Peppers, Okra
and Egg Plant were in free supply and easier.
POTATOES— New, $1 15@1 75 per ctl for
"White, $1 20@l 35 for Early Rose and $1 250
1 40 for Garnet Chiles; old Burbanks from
Oregon. $1 50@l 75 per ctl. • .
ONIONS— Red. 35@45c per sack; Sllverskina,
056*750 Der ctl.
. VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75cS?$l 25 per
pack; crates from Alameda. $1 75^2; from
Antloch, 75c©$l; ABparaKus, $2 25@2 50 per
box for extra fancy; $1 7502 for No. 1 and $1
0125 for No. 2: Green Peas, 2 W. ©4c per lb;
String Beans, 3@5c per lb; Wax, 3@5c; Toma
toes, C0@75c tSt small boxes and $1 60@2 50 for
large boxes from the river; • Summer Squash,
23&iWc per box for Vacaville and 75c£?$l for
bay; Cabbage, 75c per ctl; Carrots, C0@7Jic per
sack; Cucumbers, 35©50c per box for Marys
vllle and $1@1 50 for bay; Garlic, 2®3o per lb;
Dried Pepperu, 5c per lb: Green Peppers, 8@
10c per lb for Chile and 4£i0c for Bell; Green
Okra, 20c per lb; Egg Plant, 10@15c per lb.
Exchange and Bullion.
The California Street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay- a regular monthly dividend of
75 cent* per share on July 8.
Semi-annual Interest will be payable on the
6 per cent bonds of the Oakland Transit Com
pany on July 7.
The United Railways Investment Company
of San Francisco paid a dividend of 1% per
cent on the preferred stock yesterday.
Spring Valley Water sold at $87 25(387 60.
The Yellowstone Gold Mlninsr and Milling
Company of Trinity County has declared u
quarterly dlvid«nd of 5 per cent, payable Sep
tember 1.
The sens stocks continued to advance on the
street yesterday. Gas and Electric rising from
$C7 50 to $70, the sales being at $C9@70 and
the certificates at $C9 60. There were sales of
Mutual Electric at $7 CO.
NOTE. — The Grain Exchange having ad
journed over the Fourth there are no quota
tions for grain, millstuffs, etc.
Th<» only news of importance .under this head
comes from North Yaklma, Wash., in a dis
patch which says: ,
"It 'is reported that the Moxee Company; has
sold 107 mora bales of hops at 20 cents per
pound This company had its product In the
ncol that was formed here in May toward se
curlnK better prices, and • the break is looked
upon significantly by the buyers. The price
aiked by the grower is at least 25 cents, and
now that the middle of the summer Is here,
nnd the prospects are not bright fpr getting
over 20 cents, some of the growers feel like
el HIDEs' AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers lOtfc; medium. 9%c; light. 8*4c; Cow
Hide. 8%c for. heavy and 8H0 for light;
Saw 7c; Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal. 9^0
1<£ ? Salted Calf. 10^c; dry Hides, 17c; dry
Kin 14c- dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings,
3MM0c each: short wool, 40@65c each; me
o?um 70©90c: long wool. $101 BO each; Hors,
Hides salt. $3 for large and |2 50 for medium.
S for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
arv $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $t
01 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins
-Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 26c;
drv Central American, 33c. Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium.
M TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. BtfSUo per lb;
No 2 4%©4%c: grease. 3@4c.
WOOL— Quotations for spring clip are as
follows- Humboldt and Mendoclno, lS©20c;
Foothlli free. 13@16c; do, defective. ll®13c;
Northern 14016c. . according to condition; Ne
vada l"@15ci San Joaquln, free, ll@13c; do.
defective 9@llc per lb; Southern. 0@llc; Val
ley Oregon, fine, 17©lSc; do. medium, 16@17c;
do coarse. 15©16c; do. Lambs', 15c per pound.
HOPS— lS@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAT. JULY 3.
Flour, qr sks... 15,106 Wool, sks 153
Wheat, ctls 915 Shorts, ska 213
Barley, ctls .... 7.HS0 Screenings, ska. 200
Oats, ctls 1,070 Tallow, ctls ... 321
Beans, sks 8t! Sugar, ctls 300
Corn, ctls 155!Pelts, no 1.05U
Potatoes, uks.... 2.060|Hlde«. no 1.309
Onions, sks 650;Leather. rolls... 63
Bran, aks 2,010 Wine, gals 82.75O
Middlings, ska.. 410(Chlcory, bbls... 50
Hay. tons .631 Paper, reams... 951
Straw, tons .... 891 •¦¦¦¦¦.•-¦¦
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 3. — Wheat — Unchanged,
Bluestem, S2c; Club. 79c.
The mafket Is dull and prices show no
Ch CimED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy 13c for light medium, 15c for light. 15%o
for extra light, 17^c for sugar-cured and 19c
for extra sugar-cured; .. Eastern sugar-cured
Hams 15c- California Hams. 14@14%c; Mean
Reef '$lloO@12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12@
12 50- Family. $13 60; prime Mess Pork, $16;
extra" clear $26i Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork.
12%c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef *15c per lb.
LARD Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for Com
nnund and 10%®llc for pure;- half barrels,
pure, ll%<« l»- lb tlns ' n * c: *" lb tlns ' »*«•
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
a^c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.
Provisions.
• -.The ; grain exchanges of the country being'
* c'..ofed 'vesi/erdaT. t- ere '"¦"e *>ut few quota
''''tio-is' outride nf the New Tork Ftock mar-!
*• kfV. Thene wi!l be no business anywhere in 1
' thV- ce-un'try to-da»v
* - ! . .• '.'•, ' " ?
* \ Bank Clearings.
. Local bank clearings (luring the past week
¦'. showed * a : «airf of $5,959,433 over the corre
• e"or<5ir.g week of last year, being $2S,450.Sj&,
•jj6a:m*'?;2.m.*25 in 19C2. \
' . . . " ¦'• — ' *
0 ' -Jntenial Revenue Collections
" " : Thjp .VcHertion* . of Internal revenue In San j
Francisco: iSsirtn* the month of June were at j
\£? '::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::¦::. Si*I
FYultapiriU 5-JS
Qrkin spirits 42 - & £ '
- txtpoxt- ctanjp* J2
OF.ar*'.. !<.«£
.•CieareUMT 4.11^
.fitfuft ..,..-. *• 27
'Tobacco ..'. 1.36S
.Special'. 39,120 I
•"'. PlayJ^g. card* 4i
If: Total-, .$227.5S<5 |
.. ?Tlre eolWrctloa* In Ju»e. 1902. wer* $249,447. j
The' total- collections from January 1 to Juns j
• ,30* wen $1.2£).«US. against $1.413,Cl(J during
•the ean>e :»eriod last year.
' ;. : : ' ': Weather Report.
'.-'. T /l20th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
, ., ¦ « .'. £AN FRANCISC. July 3—5 p. m.
•"'/¦-:• ¦ '¦ COAST RECORD.
-..•".'. '• . = £ K V 2 5
'• •' '' • ' ' -- ? ;SC Ha ° -> * 9 <J
1 |§ |§ |8 r 1
/• ;. . •¦;: : . ' : c c I : =
j ;.\. •.¦/"¦¦ K • • '. ' •
.- t' y' '¦• : ' ' I ¦__
.'jJater .C, .'. 70 42 NW Clear .00
TVej-feon ; :29.Uh 76 C8 NE Clear .00
••T:cr* : 1ca :':... '...30. 08 56 4S NW Clear .00
.Kbe*!k> •-.* 29.7s 100 CO NE Clear .00
'•KlipEtaff: ;;... 29. SO 78 44 W Clear .00
.' £nd<peh<jence .29.92 f>4 58 NE Clear .<*»
. 'U*:Ar.«e!«s...24.M « fi2 SW Clear .00
.Mi- Tamnlpai*.29.i>2 83 «2 W Clear .00
- N»ih Rfid !V4
• .-'Phoenix- . ;.. ,. .29.73 300 72 W Clear .00
.•pr,c£le:it> ¦..-.. .30. 1<» CK 42 SW Htar .00
P'lrtiana 30. IS 72 52 NW Clear Tr.
.•Point R*ves... 29. M «l .. NW Clear .00
ned.Blu'S' 29. M 94 70 N Clear .00
•-noBetmrx 30.12 7S 48 NE CWar ...<
• ..29.82 92 «5 NW Clear .00
'fiSH L*fce 30.10 CS 46 SW Clear .00
¦, Sip Frar.clero.23.fcS MJ CX W Clear .00
'San L. Otxspo. 29.5*0 7S U) N Clear .00
. Par) Diego 29. S4 TO €2 W Clear .00 j
Sea-tile UG.22 «R Ziii W Pt.Cldy .00 1
'fpokane 30.12 7« 4R FW Pt.Cldy .00
. TatooBh ...'... SO. 24 ts f.2 W Cloudy .00
•Walla Walla. .r.O.os K0 f.2 S Clear .00
.-.AVinnemucca .30.08 74 42 NE Clear .00
-,-Y urna • . ¦' 2a . 72 1 02 fcf> W Clear .00
'; : WljATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
* -'¦' . ¦ FORECAST.
; . F*!r .weather prevails over the Paciflc elope
¦ fict-pt i-n .extreme Northern Washington, where
•¦ .:t ¦¦« 'cloudy. :
.. The- pressure has fallen over the Western
; port-ior.s of Oregon and Washinrton and risen
.. f>l5<-R-here west of the Rocky Mountains.
J • The temperature has fallen in the vicinity
. of #an Francisco and risen over the remainder
ft Northern Calif crnia. There has also been a
' (ie^ided rise in temperature throughout Ne
. va4a. Oregon, Washington and Idaho.
*. - The ,-w eather wBi be cooler in the vicinity
.of ;5?j»n' Francisco Saturday and wanner In the
. jnt-*rlcr . valleys.
- .Forecast rr.ade at San Francisco for thirty
."hr>itr«. T.Ung midnight July 4:
•-Northiem California— Fair Saturday cooler
.¦.jldrs' the central coart and warmer In the ln
-teryjf; fresh northwest wind
. . Spifthern California— Fair Saturday; warmer:
; 'fljrht west wind.
' \ : I<r '^'a f '- ai "F'a!r; warmer Saturday. .
. • Kan F.rancitco an4 vicinity — Fair Saturday
KSpJjT; fcrtFk west winds In the afternoon
' '- .'.. G..U. WILLSO.V. Local Forecaster.
'¦/¦' ' ' .. . Temporarily In Charge.
• •, :,£niif -and Weather Bulletin.
'..'For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m. t
• ICTth meridian tlrae. San Francisco. July 3:
..' ,' ' . K S 2 3 O <
' ¦' • - ' ipS H = 5~ 5?S <*
¦/.•:¦'" £=33<=v ?• si o£
/ ..:•-.. I I | 3 : :* :*
:'< : : , ? ? If i : ':
' • • . • • try • i :• •
• ; .' " '• ' f 8 '»" • •
, *nijv>rda!e '. . ..104 (-, Clear
-C&:«jfr,a $.5 71 Clear N
• t 5 u . r< ** - «•• «* Clear N'W 6
jFr.^no ... ...100 CO Clear NE Lt
'S5R&* * 5 -••- CI «-» r •••• ••
. 4'^ii'Ur - ni (50 .... clear W ..
t Jwtn«-Uty ....100 S« .... clear N
. ; I4r«rm*.ri> i«< 7.1 CUar
•. Ix>i A-Egeles .. . K2 K2 .... clear s'w *8
• N«.r>a. ..„..:...: -la-. 73 .... clear N
-.. Ntwman • J04 72 Clear
;P«,rtervi:ie lfio 63 Clear NW "
. K«3 .-Bluff Ut 70 .... 0^ «j ii
.•RJ^erride- B3 :,7 .... <i"ar
.¦Baja Diego .... 70 C2 .... <;!4r W 8
.-8an "Francisco. M* <^ Cl»-ar W 20
.:Pm Jow fi* 56 .. Clear V
.:S". L. Obls»o.. 7S 50 ci«ar N it
•Kahta Maria .. *2 .V) .... clear W Lt
..Santa Rosa . .102 fi<) .... <] rar N \ v l
• Stolkton 05 fiO Clear "
.-.wXiluws ...:... 95 71 Clear '. ". " \\
. '• AND CROP CONDITIONS.
" . . Hanford — Fine outlook . for graprs and
ptarfw?*; prun^e fair; r<*ars poor.
0 ISverside — General meeting citrus growers
•tojeay. to. dircuss black scale problem.
. • Holjie'ter — Hot weather ripening the fruit
. ttmi. •
Willows — Fruit and frraln damaged about 20
perrreut. by high "wind.
• " ?*S»wman — Wind abatinz. otherwise same con
ditions.
* Llvermor^ — Barley threshing beginning.
*»oIus«-» North wind yesterday did much
damage *to wh»-at. barley, apricots and peara.
Kin* City — Grain along coast will soon be
cr-ady for hfcrvegt..
fitockton — Recent heavy winds have done
treat da/nage to peach and pear crop.
• Sbr.ta Rota — Crop threatened by north wind.
• Napa — Little damage to fruit by north wind
Clcverdale — Almonds filled out well
GEORGE H. WILLSON.
. • Section Director.
FRUITS— New Apricots, 7® 8c; old Apri
cots, Ott®7V4c for Royal and 7@»c
for ordinary Moorparks; Evaporated Ap-
I>les,4(&0Mic; sun dried. 3&4c; Peaches, 4@5Vic:
Pears. 4©4%c for quarters and 5@«%o for
halves: Nectarines. 4@5c for white: Plums, 4®
6c for pitted and l@l^c for unpltted; Figs, 3ft
®4c for black and 4©5c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop, 2%®2%c for the four
etzes with w-lglc premium for the large sires.
RAISINS— 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb boxes, 6%c per
'lb- 3-crown 5%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 6c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5^c; 2-crown London Layers. 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box; 3-crown $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons. 7%c; choice^ 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12>^@13c;
No 2 10^@ll%c: No. 1 hardshell, ll^@12c;
No' 2* 10©10V4c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOMiSllc for I X L, 10@10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8@3%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5©.c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
'SlONEY— Comb, 12@13%e for bright. ll%c
for light amber and 10c for dark: water white
extracted, 6@7&c; light amber extracted, 5%0
6c: dark. 4@4&c ...
BEESWAX-26@2Sc per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
"Me fix that," the Chinaman answered,
without a moment's hesitation. "Me go
to window, call a Chinaman friend up
from street. "When he come to this door
you pull him in and I run out. See? You
have eleven plisoners allee same, and po
lice can't tell one Chinaman from, other."
But notwithstanding his cunning, John
had to go to the station, and his "velly
important engagement" was broken.—
Brooklyn Eagle.
"Can't do it, John." Drennan persisted.
"They've got you prisoners all counted.
If I turn over only ten I'll have troubles
of my own."
Some time ago a squad of Manhattan
police raided a fantan game in China
town. Eleven Chinamen were captured
and kept in a third-story front room In
charge of Detective Drennan until the pa
trol wagon came for them. While they
were waiting for the wagon one of the
prisoners said to Drennan:
"Me got to go. Me got velly Important
engagement."
"I suppose so," said the detective, "but
you've got a more Important engagement
at the police station."
The Chinaman begged like a good fel
low, but Drennan was obdurate.
"Me give you five dollala if you let me
go," the prisoner finally whispered.
"Xo use, John. Even if I let you out of
the room," said the detective, "the police
-would cafceh you at the lower door. They
are guarding that."
As quick as a flash the Chinaman an
swered: "That's allee light. You let me
out, me go upstairs, get out on roof and
go down other building. Police no catches
me."
Wily Way of the Chinaman.
¦ ¦--- ¦ ¦'¦ . ¦ / .- :-• •' - -,-• I -
Fall River ..... 741,932 .... 15.3
Little Rock 7S.S.154 : ~ 18.S •
Knoxville ....... 1.O99.83O 32.2
Macon 533.000 18-9
Wtlkesbarre ' ' 1.00S.029 6.4
Akron 738,100 0.1
Bprlngfleld. Ill .. 619,711
Wheeling W. Va. 651,222
Wichita 733,402 63 .2
Youngstown 794.081 17.5 ....
Helena .' 723,717 23.3 ....
Lexington ... 4(53,074 .... 20.8
Chattanooga -722,717 35.4 . ....
Lowell 424,354 25.6
New Bedford .... 518,574 56.0
Kalamazoo ...... 641.314 27.9 ....
Fargo N. D 40S 214 27.9
Canton O ...... 552,000 3.8
Jacksonville Fl». 346,427 13.9
Greensburg- Pa... 438.622
Rockford. HI 413.571 30.6 ...'.
Springfield. O.... 407.776 7.7
Blnghamton 417.000 6.5
Chester. Pa 628,084 35.2
Bloomlngton, III.. 371,454 33.4 ....
Oulncy 111 338,248 5.6
Eloux Falls. S. D. 215.7S4 16.0
Mansfield, O. 720.507 ....
Jacksonville, 111.. 197,056 16.5 ....
Fremont. Nebr. .. ' 184.843 2.2 . ....
••Utlca 2.595.61.1 2.2 ....
••Di»catur 111 .... 2.700,9(19 31.0 ....
•••Houston 12.927.S55 21.7 ....
•••Galveston O.'M.OOO 9.9 ....
Charleston . . 890,945 ..•¦
Totals U S....?2, 430.511, 385 1.2 ....
: Outside N. Y.. 916,977,036 5.7 ....
CANADA.
Montreal $17,970,450 9.5 ....
Toronto 12,R. r >3..' > .94 1.9 ....
Winnipeg ../.... 3.SS7.541 29.7
Halifax 1.621.154 H.5
Ottawa 1,652.358 15.4 ....
Vancouver, B C 1.125.304
Quebec 1,574,325
Hamilton 780,270 4.6
St. John, N. B.. RO 2'??5 ,£'§
Victoria. B. C... 473,118 15.3 ....
••London 642,341
Totals. Canada. $42,756,233 7.9
•Balances paid in cash. ••Not Included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
•••Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK July 3.— HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet but attractive fruit is held firmly and
in some Instances prices^above quotations are
asked. Common are quoted at 4(35 v;c; prime,
5V-c; choice 6c; fancy. O^ei^jc
PRUNES— Spot prunes continue In fair de
mfnd and- are about at steady prices, ranging
fr0 A^m®rOTS-AUrSt "'moderate trade and
rufe Steady wfth choice quoted at 7%@8%c
special feature be
ing fairly steady at 7@7%c for choice and^at
8@lO%c for fancy. s
New York Metal Market.
VFW YORK. July 3.— Copper declined about
£1 m Lor.don. with spot closing at £56 7s 6d
fnVfntuYf-s at £5«. Locally copper was quiet
and unchanged with lake and electrolytic
-HS.^1^ o^ a «lo a n. losing
STln Bt ofi^? nd^at 4s
S d nc3 dle8b K0°-l
foundr^ Southern sofU $™@™ &<>•
Imports at Nezu York.
vttw YORK July 3.— Total importations of
merchant and dry goods at the port of New
York for thU week were valued at $9,8.3.^0.
H^o^,rw^u^v-^V4o^ e .l?eran o i$^4S w 
$462,345 silver. :
Nezu York Cotton Market.
VFW YORK July 8. — The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 11 points to an
advance of 2 points and closed barely steady
net 16 to 28 points lower.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 3.— CATTLE — Receipts,
2000 Very slow. Good to prime steers, $4 90
©5 30: poor to medium. $404 75: stockers and
feeders $2 75@-4 CO: cows. $1 60®4; heifers,
$264 60: canners, $1 60ifr-2 75; bulls. $2^4;
calves $2 25@«: Texas fed steers, $3 50@4 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 16,000; Monday, 30.
000- left over, 2000; 10©15e lower, closing dull.
Mixed and butchers, $5 75@5 85; good to choice
heavy. $5 65(55 75; rough heavy. $5 40@5 00;
light $5 7065 90: bulk of sales. $5 C5@5 80.
SHEEP — Receipts, 5000. Sheep, slow; lambs,
slow Good to choice wethers, $3 7504 25; fair
to choice mixed, $3©3 75: Western •heep, $2 50
©4 15; native lambs, $4® 6 25.
The Fourth of July Holidays.
of the condition of the crop, but the cornered
condition of the staple leaves little room for
Juet Inferences of crop conditions from the
price movement. The Improvement in the
condition of the crop 6lnce the last report was
received with eatisfactlon in the stock mar
ket. Neither this influence nor any other
caused anythmc but a trivial movement of
prices.
The bank statement was without appreciable
influence, although the showing was a weak
one. The increase in the loan averaces of
*.i.«9i,.Wio was moderate, in view of the heavy
operations of the turn of the fiscal year but
the decrease of *4.502.itOO in cash re«.r\>s was
a disappointment. Of this $J,012.G00 went to
the Sub- Treasury, the operations of that in
etltutun havine failed to reflect the Govern
ment interest disbursements until to-day, when
"thad a debt at the Clearing-house of $1,021.- [
l-"5. .There are caid to have been large ship
meats of money to New Orleans, Cincinnati,
fet. Louis, Boston and Canada during the week.
There were very few features in the market.
The drop to 80 of Hocking Valley was ex
plained b> the oiflcial announcement of the
payment of 1G5 Xbr the pooled common stock,
constituting a majority of issue, with no pro
vision made for the minority stockholders. The
majority stockholders at one time cherished
the hoc>e of a guarantee or 4% or 5 per cent
dividends. The announcement of an advanced
rate of exprets charges was folowtd by a fall
of i points In United States Exprtss.
Demand for remittance by to-morrow's
steamers advanced the rate of sterling ex
change and the figures of the week's exports of
grain chow a decrease of several hundred
thousand buehels. The dull, sagging move
ment of the early part of the day gav« place
to a hardening tendency at the last - and
brought the level or prices for the jirlncipa!
active stocks to a fraction above last night
and the closing was firm.
The bond market was dull and irregular.
Total sales, par v*lue. $1.9U»,O0O.
There was some stirring of t^eculativ? In
terest in stocks -early in the week which
aroused ho^es of an awakening market for
securities, but proved unfounded, and the level
of activity fell away to the low level again
late in the week, with a sagging terfdency of
values owine to the almost tolal lack of de
mand. The increased animation with which
the market started off on Monday was largely
due to the good impression caused by the out
come in the Pennsylvania etock sub
scription. It was feared that some
artificial cuprort had been given the
stock durinjr the subscription period and that
with the closed subscription and this support
withdrawn there would be a further fall In the
Ftock. When the price advanced on Monday
the whole market was benefited. It was con
sidered of the best augury for the money mar
ket also that this creat operation had been
carried throueh with scarcely a ripple. With
HU per cent of the fubscriptiens paid in full,
instead of only the 50 per cent Installment of
the subscriptions called for. the requirement
upon the money market amounted to $S1,000,-
OuO. The fact that so strong a proportion of
the subscribers availed themselves of the
privJUge of deferred payments was regarded
as a striking evidence of unexpected resources
in the money market. The official assurances
given that the Pennsylvania's $40,000,000 loan
would be repaid at maturity in the second and
third weeks of July instead of being extended
according to prtvilece promised further relief
to th« money situation. The action of the
money market over the turn of the fiscal year
failed to develop any signs of a squeeze. So
far as the fears of a squeeze in money had
deterred buyers of stocks from corain* into
the market, this element seemed removed. But
the demand lor stocks has failed to develop
and the professionals who bought stocks ottrly
in the week in expectation of It have again
withdrawn from the market.
Whatever may be the cause of the apathetic
market for stocks. It Is evident that it is not
removed by the passage of the semi-annual
settlements and the completion of Pennsyl
vania stock subscriptions as was hoped. It Is
probable that the present easy condition of the
money market has not entirely relieved ap
prehension that the autumn requirements will
demand all the resources available. The con
tinued high level of bank loans after the ex
tensi\-e liquidation which has occurred makes
a deep impression. The Comptroller's report
shows loans and discounts of all the national
banks on June fl to be $193,180,119 larger
than en July 1<> last year. In the same per
iod specific holdings by the banks have fallen
off $16,147,590 and lepal tenders $1,261,403.
The percentage • of lejral reserves on June 9
was 22.0S as against 22.33 per cent on July
16 last year. The Treasury Department's
statement of money in circulation in the coun
try exclusive of holdings in the Treasury on
July I shows an increase of $129,378.»52 since
July 1 of last year. The decrease for the
same period in the cash reserves of the banks
argues an extraordinary growth in the de
mands of the circulation and is a convincing
evidence of the high activity of business. But
It <l#es no» indicate an Improvement in the
banking- situation. The conclusion In drawn
that the banks have had to take over enormous
loans from foreign lenders to whom they have
been paid durnig the prolonged period of liqui
dation in the securities market. The appoint
ment of a receiver for the United States Ship
building Company and the developments In the
courts regarding that organization and the
plans for the reorganization of some of the
minor industrial combinations have caused a
deep Impression throughout the financial world
and have awakened a eplrlt of distrust against
the whole of that class of securltien The iron
market is closely scanned for indications of
the basis for the coming year's business and
for light on ita volume. A good impression is
caused by reports of large orders placed for
eteel rails and the eudden , marking up of
United States Steel preferred on Tuesday was
regarded hopefully as a possible heralding of
a demand for securities of this class. The
price to which thin etock was lifted is that at
which subscriptions were offered to the em
ploye* of the corporation and its halt at that
point caused a curmise that It was sought to
establish this le\-el to relieve possible dissatls.
faction ameng holders in the ranks of em
ployes. The very large earnings shown' by
the anthracite coal carriers for May gave them
a firm tone in the market and made them fa
vorites in the abortive upward movement. Net
earnings for May in other territory • reflected
such laree encroachments by operating ex
penses as to deprive them of stimulating in
fluence upon prices. The stock market is keen
ly attentive to the crop news, as a matter of
course. The highly speculative conditions in
the cereal and cotton markets make the de
ductions to be drawn from price movements
unusually confusing. The existence of a cot
ton corner Is a cau»e of uneasiness over a
possible speculative collapse. Any good effect
of favorable reports of the corn crop Is met by
the probability that its final stages will be more
than usually subject to hazards of frost. The
doubt over the outcome of the crops and the
unsettled labor conditions are the ground for
an appreciable spirit of skepticism over the
future, which helps to keep the demand for se
curities at a low level.
The investment demand for bonds, usual at
the periods 'of disbursement of dividends and
interest, has been present In only moderate
degree. The point is made that labor troubles
have resulted in large withdrawals of savings
banks deposit* and diminished the demand
rrom those institutions for investment.
United States 2s coupon, the 3a registered
and the 5s advanced V* per cent and the old 4s
% per cent as compared with the closing call
of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 22.000 «7% 67% ti~%
Atchlson pfd 700 02% 82% 92%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 0,000 S0% 85% 86%
Ualt «: Ohio pfd.* 93%
Canadian Pacific... 1,900 124 123% 124
Central of N J. U<\
Chesapeake & Ohio. . 200 38% 38 \\ 38 %
Chicago & Alton 24'i
Chi & AHcn pfd.. 100 07% 07% «7
Chicago Creat West 420 *19% 19 19U
Chi G W B pfd .... 25U
Chicago & N W... 1,103 170% 169% 170
Chi Term &. Trans 13
Chicago T & T pfd A .... 24
C. C. C A St Louis . .... k7
Colorado Southern.. 100 17% 17% 17%
Colo South 1st pfd. 270 C8% -58 .58
Colo South 2d pfd.. 100 27% 27% 27%
Delaware & Hudson COO 172% 172% 173%
Dela. Lack & West •?.. .... 262
Denver & Rio «.. 10f> 28V4 28% 28
Den & Rio O pfd.. HO 83 V* MV t 83
Krle 4,805 33% M% :3%
Erie l«t pfd 1,080 <i7% 67V4 • «7%
Erie 2d pfd 300 G6*« 56% >684»
Great North pfd .... .... 170
Hocking Valley 4.G3O 8-1 HO 81
Hocking Valley pfd 000 90% 88% 88'
Illinois Central 810 134 133% 133%
Iowa Central 100 2H% 285b 27%
Iowa Central pfd .'. 40%
K C Southern.' ..... zt\
K C Soutbern pfd .... .... 43%
Louisville & Nash. 1,500-111% 110% 111
': Letaibmik clearings show the usual gam.
V jfll-strcct. stocks dull and not materially changed. -
C\ k'ocal. gas stocks continue to improve in this market.
' I'Sifcr makes another fractional advance. Excluinge unchanged.
'• -Xa] grain quotations here or in the East.
j Butter, Cheese and Eggs quiet at previous prices.
.-Provisions continue dull and featureless.
'"¦ Hogs- a fraction higher, with large stock scarce.
' "-" Hops reported zi-eakening up north.
':¦ Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful.
••'• tl:ann'*ixnthcr cuts down the demand for Poultry and Game.
y ¦Fresh Fruits in good supply and fair demand.
Manhattan L 400 137 136% 13C%
Metropolitan St Ry 400 123 122 M 122 Vi
Minn St St Louis 80
Missouri Pacific 7.700 102% -101 TO 1023i
Mis. Kan &. Texas. 400 22 21»if 22Vi
M, K & T pfd 200 49K 49 • 4914
Ntl R R of Mexico. 20}j
Ntl RR of Mex pfd. 40
New York Central. 500 127 126 V; 12B 1 ,4
Norfolk & Western 1,020 60 65Vi 66ft
Nor & West pfd 83
Ontario & Western 2.300 25% 25% 25V4
Pennsylvania 14,700 125% 124K 125%
P. C. C & St L 7. .... 72
Reading 14,650 51% 6014 51 H 1
Reading 1st pfd 88
Reading 2d pfd 40
Rock Island Co.... 7.C50 34 83% 33*4
Rock Island Co pfd 100 77 71 71
St L & S F 71
St L & S F 1st pfd 73
St L & S F 2d pfd Cl
St Louie S W 171A
St Louis S W pfd. 100 39 30 3S?i
St Paul 6,420 151 150*4 150%
St Paul pfd ; 177
Scuthern Pacific... 4,315 49% 49V4 49%
Southern Railway.. 1,100 24% 23% 24%
Southern Ry pfd gg ,
Texas & Pacific... 200 29\4 -2014 29%
T. St L & W 200 25% 25% 25
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 44 44' 43%
Union Pacific 15,000 81% 80% 81%
Union Pacific pfd.. 2fiO 89% 88% RS
Wabash 800 24% 24 24^
Wabash pfd 800 44 43% 44a.;
Wheel & Lake Erie 21
Wisconsin Central.. 100 21 21 20%
Wis Cent pfd 100 42 42 42%
Express Companies —
Adame 221
American 190
United States 100 112 112 110
Wells-Fargo 190
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 8.300 64% 53%
Am Car & F 500 3S% S7« 3SU
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 89 89' 8S
Am Lin Oil 1 iQ
Am Lin Oil r>rd 31
Am Locomotive .. 100 24 24 23%
Am Locdmo pfd , 89%
Am P & Refin 200 4514 4.1 45
Am S .& R*>fln pfd. ¦ 180 93' o:j 02
Am Ruear Refin... 1,500 121% 121 121%
Ana Mining Co.... 100 85V* 85U 85Vi
Bklyn Rapid Tran. 7,fi90 . 5S% 57% 5SU
Colo Fuel & Iron... 700 G3' C2 l ,i 62»i
Col & Hock Coal .... 16%
Consolidated Gas . 192
General Electric .. 100 177 177 176
Intema Paper 200 14% 14V1 14%
Inter Paper pfd... ¦ 6714
Intema Pump .... 43%
Interna Pump pfd. ..... 75'
National Biscuit .. 3s«
National Lead 100 17 17 17'
North American .. 100 85 85 85
Pacific Mail -. .... 27
People's Gas US 09 w»" 9s
Pressed S Car " 400 52% 52% 5*>%
Pressed S Car pfd. 250 86% 86% 86%
Pullman Pal Car.. 235 209 209 207
Republic Steel ... 100 14% 14St 1414
Republic Steel pfd. 165 74% 7iii 74Vi
I Rubber Good* .... .... 2°
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 77 77 77
Tenn Coal & Iron. 200 51% Bl C2
U S Leather 700 9 S% 0
IT S Leather pfd.. 000 S3»4 85' 85 '
U S Rubber 13
U S Rubber pfd 4914
U S Steel 5,345 30% 30U 30%
U S Steel pfd 2.C00 81% 80% 81% I
Western Union 84%
Total shares 1C6.100
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 3.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 30,000 at 77.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 92% j Norfolk & West.. 67
Cona for acct...92 9-l« Nor & W pfd 91
Anaconda 4 '4 Ontario & Westn. 26%
Atchlson 69% Pennsylvania 64 V.
Atcliison pfd »5V« Reading 20%
Bait & Ohio 87% Reading lat pfd.. 42
Canadian Pacific. 126% Reading 2d pfd. . 35
Chts & Ohio 39 Southern Railway. 24%
Chgo G Westa.... 19% Southern Ry pfd.. 00%
S A *». St /— %P Southe «i Pacific! 60%
£ e 2 £ io , < J r "" 2 *-' Unlon Pacific... S3%
D & R G pfd bo',* Union Pac pfd... !*>%
Ere 34} 4 US SteeK.. 30%
Erie 1st pfd Cy% u 6 Steel pfd Ki
Erie 2d pfd 58 Wabash ...... 24H
Illinois Central... 137 Wabash pfd '44a;
Louis & Nash.... 113% De Beer* '.'. 20%
N°y K Ce n ntrt,. T : X :i 2 3^ 10^
Bar silver, firm, 24 7-16d per ounce. Money.
l%fr- per cent. The rate of discount in the
openmarket for short bills Is 2V4 per cent, and
for three months' bills 2 V, ©2% percent.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, July 3.— The statement of
ci?v ra for S .°h l S e C ' earin «-hou»e bank™? this
city for the five business days of this week
8^ W8 r, Loans. $917,444,200; increase $3.9«7.
300. Deposits. $!»03.S92.900; increase $173 100
Circulation $43,909,100; decrease, ' $179 5W
Legal tenders. «7.\048.600; decrease,
Specie. $159.302.ti00; decrease. M.4«7.900 Re
serve, $234,350,900: decrease «4. 502 900 ' Re
serve required J225.973.225; increase. $43 275
Surplus f 8.377,075; decrease. $4.546.i7S. Ex
$4 n 536 950 tateS dep08lt ' » 17 .««,475; decrease,
ir,f^?>T F i" anC v r J ay ' i: , The offlclal statement
of the New \ork associated banks last week
was surprisingly unfavorable for though a
loss of cash waa expected, the decrease was
much larger than was anticipated. The other
notable feature was the change in deposits,
which failed to reflect the net amount result
ing from the loss of cash and the increase in
11 ? statement showed ' a decrease of
$4,502,900 In cash, of which $4,407,900 con
sisted of specie. The required reserve was
f, U - K , m , c^ t ! d ' 43 - 275 through an increase of
$li3.100 in deposits. Adding the Increased re
serve in the requirement to the $4,502,900 loss
of cash makes $4,546,175 as the decrease in
surplus reserve, which item now stands at $8
837,675. Calculated on the basis of deposit
less those of $37,263,200 of public funds the
surplus reserv^ ' l» $17,003,475. The loans 'were
Increased $3,697,300 as the result of loaning
early in the week of funds deposited in an
ticipation of the payment of dividends The
io^^oJ 4 ' 602 .- 900 cash and th « increase of
$3,097,300 in loans called for a reduction of
$805,600 in deposits, whereas above noted these
were increased $173,100; therefore, the state
ment was technically out of proof. The cir
culation decreased $179,500. The loans of the
banks were in excess of deposits by $13 551 -
300: In the previous week this excess' was
$10,027,100. The dally average of clearings
last week was $274,000,000, against $188 -
000.000 in this week ending June 27; the In
crease was due to the operations incident to
the semi-annual settlements. The condition
of the banks as regards cash reserve was
doubtless better at the end of the week than
was shown by the statement, for the dis
bursements by the Sub-Treasury for Interest
were heavy on Friday. * Comparisons of
changes in the items of loans show a net in
crease by six banks of $1,700,000: one institu
tion Increased this item by $4,500,000. The
changes in specie show a net loss of $2,700,
000. One bank made the surprising gain of
$6,900,000.
Bank Clearings..
NEW YORK. July 3. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
July 2. with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: ;:-¦/,•
- Percentage.
Cities — Amount Inc. Dec.
•New York $l,B13.r>33.75.T 1.3
•Chicago 179.929,51(5 2.0 ....
•Boston I<!0.393.m;5 1.3
•Philadelphia 147.880.861 2.0
•St Louis 44.774.1C8 19.3
Pittsburg KO.819.648 4.2 ....
•San Francisco .. 29.042,659 31.8
•Baltimore 24.417.ft41 16.8
Cincinnati 24.588.550 " 4.7
•Kansas City 18.K72.673 ' 5.3 ....
Cleveland ' 17.2S5.B0O 10.7 ....
•Minneapolis .... 13.904,9(58 ft. 5 ....
•New Orleans 18.745,179 8.1
Detroit 9.880.071 3.9
•Louisville 10.450.028 .... 3.6
Omaha 7.415,159 7.8
•Milwaukee 7.432.829 1.8 ....
•Providence ..... 7,432.829 8.8 ....
•Buffalo' fl,090.808 10.6 ....
•St Paul «. 494. 827 14.0 .....
Indianapolis 7.083. OflO I 31.4 ....
Los Angeles 6.024.588 ....
•St. Joseph 5,782.512 27.5 ....
Denver 4.778.421 44.8 ....
Richmond 3.414.597 29.9 ....
Columbus ........ 5.017.700 18.8 ....
Seattle 4,240.281 ...; .3.7
Washington 3.975,«26 .6.9
•Savannah 2.973.380 8.1 .....
Memphis .... 3,112.709 48.1
Albany .4.102.311 .... * r.7
Salt Lake City... 2.854,414 .... 12:7
•Portland Or ' 3,302,709 26,0- ....
•Toledo .'........". 3,107.22*1 18.4 ¦ ....
Fort Worth 3.055.348 29.2
Peoria 2.535.971 • 3.3 ....
Hartford 3,101.127 .... 14.7
Rochester 3.4rt1.5«5 .... 22.9
Atlanta ..: .. 1 - nn5 -2i55 • • •• 10.8
Des Moines ...... '.^-SS 1.1
New Haven 1.959.507 .... 2.9
Nashville 2.499,385 44.8- ....
Spokane, Wash .. 1.994.1S0 26.6 ....
Grand Rapids .. 1,841. ROfl 19.1 ....
Sioux City 1,349.870 ....11.8
Springfield Mass. 2,54«.7fi5 114.0 ....
Norfolk 1.505.9OO . 2.3 ....
Dayton 1,770,745 ¦ 1.4 ....
Tacoma l.«65,Ilt 28.9 ....
Worcester • l.«31.«ll .... 8J2
Augusta Ga. 7... 62fl.3«4 ' 11.4-
Portland. Me. .. .. 1. 705.512 « .... - 8.2
Rcrar.ton ..* 2.019.390 16.1 ..;.
Topeka l,2«4..vm .... * 1. 7
Syracuse ¦• 1.251.317 .... 24;5
Nashville ' 1, 110.164 .... 52.0
Wllmlnrton. Del. 1,1R9.R65 •>..;.
Birmingham 1, 432,296 ....
Davenport ....... 1.047,776 .'.... 5.9
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
William Fordham to Timothy Pardee Mep
ham. lot on W line of Oak street. 10O N of
Pacific avenue. N 50:2 by W 50. being N
part of lot 9. in block SO, lands adjacent to
Enclnal, Alameda; ?10.
Josiah and Amelia B. Tomllnson to same,
lots 17 to 29. block B, same map, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
E. F. Loud to Mary S. Halght. lot on NW
corner of Enclnal avenu? and Lafayette street.
N 4»>:S by W 108, block 5, Bartlett Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
Mary L. Loud (wife of E. F.) to same, same,
Alameda quitclaim deed; $1.
Oakland Building and Lean Association to
Andrew Petersen lot on NW line of Kennedy
street. 320 SW of Railroad avenue. NW lll.BO.
SW 30 SE IW.ll E 2S.3U. NE 11.44. block A.
map blocks A and B portion Kennedy Tract
S of Railroad avenue. East Oakland; $1350.
B. Kelsey (single) to Anson S. Biake. lot on
E line of Second street. 100 S of University
avenue. S 50 by E 133; lot 18, block 92. map
of Tract B. Berkeley Land ana Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; $10.
Anita S. Blake and Anson S. Blake (and aa
attorney) to Peter Hansen, same, quitclaim
deed. Berkeley; $1.
Daniel and Harriet N. Fairbanks to H. H.
Buhring. lot on N line of Haste street. SO W
of Ellsworth. W 70 by N 70, portion of lot 5,
block 4, property of College Homestead Asso
ciation. Berkeley; $1%.
Rosa M. Shattuck V" Julia A. Bettys (wtf»
of L. L.). lot on >T line of Bancroft way,
220.17 W of Milvia street. W 50 by N 1.04.64,
lot 21. and portion of lot 23, block 5. map of
Shattuck Tract No. 2. Berkeley; $1250.
Honore and Marie E. Blals to Andrew Peter
sen, lot 6. block E. Latham Terrace, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Maggie GuMner to Nellie Bauer (wife ot Ja
cob), lot on N lino of Mountain View avenue,
100 W of Hillside street. W ICO by N 150. lot*
82 and 83, block 34. map of resubdlvision of
block 34. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township;
also lot on NW corner of Mountain View ave
nue and Hillside street. W 10O by N 150. lots
SO and SI. block 34, s*me map, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Alexandria and Lydla Granger to Jennie K.
Hatch, lot on E line of Frultvale avenue.
5S1.85 S of its intersection with S line of oM
county road from Oakland to San Leandro. E3
130 by S 49. lot 13. map of Henry & Phillips
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Michael A. and Margaret a. Mclnnis to
Ferdinand Frtcke. lot on W line of Dimonil
avenue, 575 N of Hopkins street, N 50, W 135
to center line of Sausal Creek, thence S along
same to point in line parallel to and distant
575 N from said N line of Hopkins street, K
110 to beginning, lot 16, block A. Diraond
Tract. Frlutvale, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph Westall to William H. Husband, lots
23 to 2".». block B. map of Laurel Grove Parlc
Tract. ¦ Brooklyn Township; $10.
Fifteenth street 225 NW of Twenty-third ave
nue NW 92:4 NE 125 NW 40 to an alley
way 15 feet wide. NE 3S etc.. SE 132:-L etc..
SW 170 to beginning. East Oakland; $10.
The local demand for fruits was only fairly
steady, as is usually the case on Friday, and
there was not much doing in the snipping line.
The fruit boats from the river arrived too late
for the regular trade and prices of Peaches,
Apricots, Plums and Prunes were easier in
consequence. A large portion of the receipts
from the river section were still on hand at
the close. Receipts of Cherries were light and
good sound stock cleaned up quickly at firmer
rates. The receipts included some poor and
•soft stock, which sold at less than the quoted
prices. Figs were in heavy receipt and only
the best stock received any attention. Apples
were abundant and choice, well-packed stocK
alono was firm. Bartlett Pears appeared from
the river and sold at $1 B0 per small box.
when choice. A quantity of windfalls was re
ceived, but were too poor to invite custom.
Other varieties of Pears, such as Lawsons and
Madelines, moved slowly. Watermelons
and Cantaloupes from Coachella met
with a steady demand owing to the
warm weather and were pretty well cleaned
up. No fresh stock came in. Berries ana Curr
rants were easy at previous prices, receipts or
all descriptions being ample. The canners were
buying Loganberries at the bottom quotation
and secured some Currants at $1 7o per chest.
There was no auction sale of Orange3 neia
yesterday and it is not -likely that there will
be any more sales this season. The Citrus
market was generally easy. «Fancy Lemons
'were in fair request, but everything else was
dull. • >
Reports from several interior counties say
that the fruit crops have been badly damaged
by disastrous hot wind storms. In some sec
tions the crops were almost totally destroyed.
Bartlett Pears, Peaches and Apricots are sal*
to have suffered most. ,
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and $2@:J for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $1 BO02 50 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5003 50 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2«4 per chest. „«_--
APPLES— 35ciS$l 25 per box and 25@30c per
basket; Crabapples, 50@75c per box.
PEARS — 30© 40c for small boxes and «5c©$i
FIGS— Black.' 35@50c for single-layer and
75cfr$l for double-layer drawers; I white, 40®
50c for slngft layer drawers.
PLUMS— Cherry Plums, 20<325c per drawer
and 40© 50c for large boxes; other Plums. 40®
75c per box or crate.
PRUNES — 50®75c per crate.
CHERRIES — Black. 60#75c per box and 5@
7c per lb in bulk; Royal Anne, 6O@S0c per box;
5@«Vic per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS — oO@75c per box or crate; bask
ets from the river, 25S-i0c; in bulk, ,$20©30
per ton. ¦ .
PEACHES— 50®er.c for small boxes; baskets
from the river, 40S60c; large open boxes. 75c
MELONS — Cantaloupes frc*n Coachella. $2 50
@3 50 per crate; Watermelons, 12%@40c each.
GRAPHS — Seedless Sultana from Yuma.
$1 5001 75 DPr crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Fancy Navel Oranges, $1 75(52 per box; choice,
$1 25<ftl 50; standards, 50c«S$l; Valencias, $10
2 50- Lemons, 75c4f?l for standard. $1 25(31 <5
for choice and $2@2 50 for fancy- Grape Fruit.
$1@1 25; Mexican Limes. ?5 &u®6: Bananas,
$1 7502 75 per bunch for Central American
and 75c@$l 60 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, *2®3
per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SUGAR — Th« Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows.' per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and • Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated, 5.40c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.30c; Confectioners' A,
6.40c; Magnolia, A. 5c; Extra C, 4.90c; GoldeV
C, 4.80c; "D," 4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
loc more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
{t.'JOc; boxes, 6.15c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 60
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6®«Hc. according u
quantity.
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon la cases and
64c in drums and iron barrels.
fish— :
Barracouta — @15 Sea Bass —©15
Carp 10<fJ>12«.i Smelts — ©15
Catfish — <&12Vi Soles 12V.® 15
Codfish — <$12Vi Skates, each ...10015
Flounders 10®— Squid — aio
Halibut 15®— Tomcod 12%®—
Herring — @ — Turbot 20® —
Mackerel — (815 Trout. Salmon .. — ©¦:«
Do horse 154i — Trout — «840
Rockfish — (315 Rrook Trout ... — tfS75
Salmon. fresh.l2^4(8 1 15!Whlteflsh 10® —
Do smoked ... — «25jClams. gallon . .OOrgJ —
Sardines 10@ — | Do hardshell.lb 8(810
Shrimps — <g — Crawfish — & —
Shad HHf — |Crabs. each ..12VJSI5
Striped Bass ... — ®15 (Mussels, quart. — ©124
Perch 100— Oysters Cal. 100. 4065))
Pomplno — @ — Do Eastern.dz.30@40
Rockcod — ®15
13c; in cases. lOftc; 86-degree Oasoline, in
bulk. 21c; In cases, 27%c.
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz :.20®30 Mushrooms lb ..—©75
Asparagus, lb .. 5@ 8 Onions per lb.. 1® 3
Beets, dozen 10@— Okra. dried lb.— <&25
Beans, white, lb. 6@— Okra. green .... — @30
Colored, per lb 6<3 — Potatoes.. new,lb2^tJ 3
Dried Lima. lb.. 6® 8 Potatoes per lb.— @ 2
Cabbage, each ,. 6@10 Parsnips' per dz.l5S2O
Celery, head .... 6i@10 Rhubarb, lb 5Q 6
Cress, dz bunch. 15'a — Radlshes.dz bchsl5«20
Cucumbers, dz .—#25 Sage, dz bunche*25@ —
Garlic — ©> BjBtring Beans.lbl2V»#15
Green Corn. doz.3C@40 Summer Squash
Green Peppers,lblO®15| per lb .".@ 5
Dried Peppers ..10@25; Sprouts, per lb.— <fi —
Egg Plant — <S 25 Spinach, per lb. — ® 5
Green Peas. lb.... 6@ S.Thyme.dz bnchs.25tt.'5i)
Lettuce, per doz. lS<i£2o! Turnips per dz. — 015
Leeks.dz bunchs.l5S20 Tomatoes, lb ...15® —
Lima ' Beans. lb.— @15
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Apricots, per lb. 4# 8 Grape Fruit doz 50«I$l
Alligtr Pears, ea.20@30 Lemons, dozen.. .15<g25
Almonds 15@20 Loganberries per
Apples 40 8 drawer ..." 20*325
Blackberries, dr. — ©25 Nutmeg Mlns,ea.lO#15
Cranberries, qt.. — <S25 Oranges, doz 20630
Cherries, per lb. 8@10 Plums lb ti«J—
Currants, pr drw.40<g50 Peaches, per lb. 8310
Pecans — & 20 Pears, per lb ..—& 5
Brazil Nuts 20@—i Pineapples ea...33<fi50
Bananas, doz .. — S30|Ralslns. per lb.. 5<S15
Chestnuts 15&20 Raspberries, drw40@50
Cocoanuts. each. — (g 10, Strawberries per
Dried Figs, pr lb— @10: drawer ..'. 35fl.1O
Fresh Figs, pr lb — #10 Tangerines doz..l5<S20
Grapes, lb 40® — [Walnuts, per Ib.l5'a2i>
Gooseberries 8@10 Watermelons. ea.iJUgtJO
Limes, dozen ... — @15j
Eggs are cheaper, but the other dairy
products remain unchanged. Meats, Poultry
and Fish remain about the same.
- The Fruit and Vegetable markets continue
well supplied with all seasonal varieties at
the prices which usually prevail at this time
of the year.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington ..$ — ®io 00; New
Seattle $ — @> g sol Wellington $— <fI10 00
gpslyti $— @ 9 oocoos Bay....$— @ 7 50
Richmond ...$— Q <j 5o! Greta | — & 9 00
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC. —
Butter, choice. sq45®55 Common Eggs...— <S20
Do good 35g40 Ranch Eggs . .22H@25
Cheese, Cal 15@20 Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern..20®25 pound 15#20
Cheese, Swiss ...25@35' Do extracted... 81J10
MEATS. PER POUND— ' •
Bacon 15<g22 Pork Sausage.. 12%®15
Hams '..1«@18 Smoked Beef — <@20
Lard 15®— |
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats :
Roast Beef 1O01S Hlndqrtr Lamb..l«®20
Tenderloin Steak.l5<?rlS Foreqrtr Mutton.. 8@10
rorterhse. do.l<7%ig'_>2H Leg Mutton. . ..12Vi@15
Sirloin Steak.. 12^(gl5 Mutton Chops. .12%®19
Round Steak... 10® 12 V, Mutton Stew K®10
Beef Stew —@ 10 Roast Veal 12®20
Corned Beef 8@ 10 Veal Cutlets ...15fi20
Soup Bones .... 4® — Veal Stew 12^^15
Soup Meat 5@10 Roast 1-ork 12^®18
Lamb Chops — ©20 pork Chops lo-glS
ForeqrtrLamb 12*4£jrl5
POULTRY AND GAME— V .' V
Hens, each 65©$1 Ducks, each 60@75
Young Koosters, Geese, each •....$! 25
each 6T>@00 Goslings $1 50
Old Roosters, ea.60@70 Pigeons, pair . ..4OQ50
Fryers, each SfrSCO Squabs, per palr.35©30
Broilers, each. ..30ST50 Rabbits, each..'.. — ©20
Turkeys, per Ib..23<?i24 Hare, each — ®20
FAMILY RETAIL MARKEt\
dairy, 22@23c: store Butter. 17@20c; Eastern
ladle-packed, , 19@20c,
CHEESE— New. ll%@12c; Young America,
12%@13c; Eastern, 16ft@17c; Western, 12%o
per iiound.
EGGS— Ranch, 18«719c. with large -white se
lected bringing 20c; store, 15@l(5c; Eastern,
10&@18c per dozen.
THE SAN FEAKC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.,
Dullness continues to prevail In these mar
kets, and - Butter and Eggs ¦ are sluggish, as
usual Just before the Fourth. At. the name
time the hot spell renders real hard, sweet But
ter more or less firm, though there Is no scarc
ity of It, and In fact there Is a disposition to
exaggerate the influence of the warm weather
on the . goods.' Personal ' inspection of : a num
ber of creamery . shipments yesterday ¦.-. showed
that there. was enough firm Butter to go around
without straining the market any.. In fact,
there are so many people out of town that with
present stocks . any attempt • to- advance I prices
would probably, fall. , J ¦: - , , .-,..- -
. Some are- reporting a rather better
movement in Eggs, : as receipts have been de
creasing of late, but* the market Is quiet at
best, • and as ¦ stocks are ample prices remain
unchanged. ¦'<¦ ¦¦¦.•", / • . , ¦
. Cheese is ; steady at unchanged - prices, with
enough here to fill: the demand. . . -
'--• Receipts were ¦ 44,800 Jbs Butter. 1375 • cases
Eggs hnd 34.400 lbs Cheese. ¦';'. '
BUTTER — Creamery, first hands,' 23 J£@24c;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEmENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CONNECTICUT
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day. as made by the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as x>er blank; furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $146,950 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,345,950 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.720,699 00
Cash In Company's Office 265 04
Cash in Bank ,. 231,900 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 234,672 03
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 4,434 88
Total Assets $1,734,791 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $30,561 36
Losses In Process of Adjustment
at in Suspense 143,023 63
Losses resisted. Including expenses 29,380 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks.
running one year or less, $1,717,-
022 01; re-insarance 50 per cent. 858,511 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks,
running more than one year,
$" 680 394 59; re-insurance pro
ra'ta .' 1,442.674 61
Total Liabilities $2.532.156 08
I' 1 M
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2.693.204 21.
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • 62.C6C 29
! Received for interest and dividends
: on Bonds Stocks, Loans, and
' from all other sources 103. COT 55
I Received for Rent3 : 5.874 5O
1 Received for profit on Sale of Led-
ger Assets • 8,946 91
Total Income $2.873,000 SO
EXPENDITURES.
I Net amount paid for Fire Losses
i (Including $234,847 73, losses of
1 previous years) $1,411.630 65
1 Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 CO
1 Paid or allowed for Commission or
j Brokerage 552.020 71
1 Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 174,435 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 89,910 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures 177.582 0O
Total Expenditures ..........$2,605,559 60
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year... $1.363.557 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
. written during the
'year . $248,557,002 $3,242,820 S3
Net amount of Risks ¦
1 expired during the
year 215.077.671 2.663.844 63
Net amount In forcel
December 31. 1902.. | 360.832,246 4.397.416 60,
* J. D. BROWNE. Prejt. "
- CHARLES R, BURT. Secy. I
' Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 34..
day of January. 1903.
JOHN H. THACHER,
j v Notary Public
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
1 Manager Pacific Department.
COLIN M. BOYD,
i Agent for San Franclscft
I . 411 California St« . v
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE at UNION STOCKYARD
13TH and HARRISON. Julv B. 1903. 60 head
horses, broke and unbroke; weight from 900
to 1400; no reserve.12
THE SAN IBA.K CISCO: CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE— Con.
GIRL for factory work; good wages: steady
employment; no experience necessary; apply
at once. Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front st.
WETNURSE. Apply DR. LEWITT. 500 Van
Ness ave., between 1 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— Experienced bindery girls. Apply
8ANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore-.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
!*!___* WANTED — MALE.
itURRAY _ READY'S.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
TVE OPEN TO-DAY. JULY 4, 1903,
To receive all our country friends who to-
day visit our great city. You're all welcome,
«l-j RRAT & READY
634 and «30 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 584S. PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45. COO Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.'
Ogden, Utah, ;« All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands^
Santa Susana, : Oreson,
San Fernando, — Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona, Willits. Ukiah
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH,
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men; corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, englne«r9,
blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4, $3 50. $3, $2 50 and
$2 a day.
Free Fare. Free Fare. Free Fare
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
¦ MURRAY & READY.
. 634 and 630 Clay st.
READ THESE.
MOST OF THEM FREE FARE.
208 haymakers and harvest hands, $40 to $60
and found.
l'i.% vineyard, orchard and farm hands, $35
and $40 and found.
i.r> milkers and butter- makers, $30 to $45 fd.
26 chore men and boys, located everywhere,
$15 to $35 and found.
KD stablemen, city and country Jobs. $60 to
$S0 and found.
3(55 laborers and teamsters, city and country
Jobs, f2, $2 50, $2 75 day.
153 R. R. extra gangs, S. P. R. R., free fare,
located everywhere.
<¦.*>» sawmill and woods men In 4 States and
_ Territories, $30, $40. $50, $60, $70, $80 and
$150 a month and found.
364 minem, muckers, drillers, machine men,
tlmbcrmen, laborers, etc., $100, $90, $80, $70,
$00 a month, some free fare.
1M) carpenters and helpers, city and country.'
$4, $.1 50, $2 50 a day.
S»fi blacksmith helpers, city and country, $4,
$3 50. $3. $2 50 a day.
_7 men and wives, ranches, mines, sawmills,
$40 to $00 and found.
l»>0 coal miners, fare repaid, Oregon, $3 to
$5 a day.
2«4 other mechanics, including
Machinists, carriage painter?, tinners, brick
Betters, moldcrs, carriage trimmers, asr<hal-
tum floor makers, coopers. Iron/ apolders,
cranesmen. etc.. $4, $5, $3. $2 50 day.
FARE PAID.
64 miners, tlmbermen, laborers, muckers,
etc., $00. $S5. $60. $75 and found.
Laundry help, dishwashers, bell and elevator
boys, fruit pickers, etc., cooks, waiters, ba-
kers, butchers.
Come get our special
4th of July list, containing
Thousands of Jobs; big wages; steady Jobs.
MURRAY & READY,
034 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Porter who can tend bar, $40; cook for
sprlngs,$75; pot washer, $30; dishwasher, $30;
kitchen helper. $30; 3 colored waiters, $32;
stableman, $35. Office open all day on the
Fourth.
A — DISHWASHER for first-class hotel. Lake
Tahoe. $30 and found. Call this morning at
MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
MAN with references for commercial traveler
to call on merchants and agents; experience
not required: salary S-l per week, with ex-
penses advanced. National. 332 Dearborn
st.. Chicago.
WANTED — Several pe'rsona of good character
In each State for house of good standing;
salary $20 cash weekly, with expense money
advanced. Colonial. Caxton Bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED — Boys from 13 to 15 years of age.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' '
MAN wanted to run Cahlll & Hall elevator:
' must have references and experience. Ap-
ply 710 Jones st. ¦. _^
TRY our men'g->shocs, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— An experienced ruler. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO., 741 Market st. .
WANTED — An all-round good bookbinder. Ap-
ply SANBORN. VAIL & CO., 741 Market.
CARRIAGE trimmer for country. Apply at
CHAS. W. STEIN & SON'S, 265- Stevenson.
WANTED — Good coffee-house waiter; union.
Apply early, 612 Kearny -St.
WAITERS wanted at the Golden West Hotel,
ta-76 Ellis st. <v
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume, work.
Apply at office. Placervtlle. Cal.. or room 14.
26 Montgomery st., San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
WANTEr) — Steady, reliable Ironworker, famil-
iar with all classes of architectural lron-
.work; steady work for right man. , Address
Builder^' Iron* Works, Stockton. Cal. ,
WANTED — Young man for setting type; - one
used to large - display work preferred. Box
; 1902. Call.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
x children. Call or write to 1 E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 BO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
YOUNG men ' can secure business education In
exchange for a ¦ few hours' dally work. S.
F. Business College. 1236 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made," at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
- mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED^ — Elderly man; light woodwork and
polishing. Box ,1931. Call office.
WANTED— Solicitor- of ability; rood pay. Call
609 Adams building. Sutter and Kearny sts.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 751 Mission
¦ st.. near -Third. . • .
WANTED— Men to learn barber - trade ; " cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard. :
50 QUARRYMEN, 10 rock drillers, $2 and $. 25
' a day. ,230 Montgomery St., room CL
HELP WASTED—MALE — Con.
TO-DAY j being the Fourth of July (Inde-
pendenofe day), our office will be closed all
day. /
Watch for our new ads on Monday.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620 Sacramento St.
Phone Main 1191.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-bod-
ied, unmarried men, between 21 and 35; good
character: must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; marines serve at sea on men-of-war In
all parts of the world, on land In our island
po* sessions, and at naval stations in the
. United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222i4 N. Main
st. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
mento, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50 or orthopedio
shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. B doors from Market.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers, and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
ru;is Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
THREE laborers, pick and Ehovel; 14th ave.
and N st., south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
0O0 up; soling cheap. 023 Howard St., nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo.H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
ALL sizes rAen's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
HORSES AND WAGONS.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOY, Gon-
zales, Monterey Co., Cal.
VON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
HORSE and buggy for sale. $35; 1 goat. $10.
319 Third st.
RARE chance; 1 7 good horses; must bi sold.
327 Sixth st. .
FOR salt— 3S head milch cows. JOHN HE-
CREST. Stockton, Cal. -
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HORSES WANTED.
WANTED— Horse about 7 years old; weight
between 1200 and 1300; gentle and sound.
Address Box 2517. Call. .
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery
CASTRO, 809 — 9 rooms; sunny; bath; base-
ment; yard; key at 807.
BEFORE moving get*<W printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES FURNISHED FOR SALE.
ELEGANT new flat, 10 rooms: a snap; no
agents. Box 199i>. Call office.
LIVF.RY &TAULES.
_OMKINSON*a livery stables, 57-59-61 Minna
St., bet. 1st and 2d— Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main J53.
LOST AM) FOUND.
LOST— Small fox terrier (dog), white stripe
down center head; ears, sides of head black.
Return to 2410 Steiner St.; reward $5.
LOST— In Oakland, a purse containing $5 green-
back. 4 diamond rings; $50 reward. Return
to 1221 Linden at.. Oakland.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernta Savings
and Loan Society, of San Francisco, in the
name of Thomas J. McDonald, No. 259-1001.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Possibly Sutter and PoUc sts.. gentle-
man's Elgin gold watch and fcb. Return to
401 Front at.; reward.
LOST— On Tuesday, cameo pin; valued as a
heirloom. Return to Call office; lib. reward.
LOST — Great - Dane bitch: mottled color;
named Daisy Bell; reward. 22 Eighth St.
IT will pay to "Remember" ttfat the California
Watch Case Co.,- 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
j£ MEDICAL,
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femal*
complaints; instant relief guaranteed;-,. 30
year-' experience. 723 Post St.. near Jong-.
HIM. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008ft Market at., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL-rAll who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female-
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cares treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
DR. ROSEN. 2<J90 Folsom, cor. 2Bth — Ladles'
exclusive office and home where relief Is ob-
tained in all cases taken: consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN.' 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
tpeclalist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS,
original method of treatment. 112tt Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness— E-peTt
In obstetrics, female comp.: 25 yrs exper*nce.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herb*.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 1U5-107 Fremont «t.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry.
Kcalsking. -r.en's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
tult cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no interest charged; it will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1850.
LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with Elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old'
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — Parties leaving city; $350 upright
piano, $145; $150 mahogany combination bed
and Davenport, $4. r >; new $60 combination
. coal and gas steel range, $.ts; chairs, beds,
pictures, etc. 1724 Fell st. \
BRICKS for sale, cleaned and delivered in
Alameda, Oakland or Berkeley; also fire
brick; send orders by mail to J. H. YOUNG,
1243 Park St.. Alameda.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
B pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Bealg st.
A — FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants, >_ 5u. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush : open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY And fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.'
A — BUYS, sell or rents ' gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
. etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. •
CALIFORNIA motor bicycle to trade for wood-
• working machinery; as good as naw. Box
1938, Call office. - .
MOVING picture film and song slides, 109
*"- Montgomery «_ „ . .- .
SAFES— New and second-hand. • E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
AH bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammocks.
-,' metal beds, mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712"Misslon.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
* picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, . 033 Mkt.
BO1LEKS,- engines, pumps.plpe.bel'Jng, shafting,
. putreysTetc. SUGARMAN BROS.. 549 Howard.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. TU_ HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
ASK for prices on aecond-hand typewriters; ai:
makes. ALEXANDER *: CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rages.' In wrapp«r. for mailing. $1 per year.
WANTED— Old pictures of George Washing.
¦ ton, Jefferson, Adams,' Napoleon, etc. ; hlgb-
- ' est prices paid ; send ¦ name of . engraver and
publisher on picture: -by mail only. .GEO.
: L. GOODMAN. 2180 Sutter st.. San Francisco.
TILTON . wants ' good second-band clothing and
theatrical goods." - 184 Oth St.: teL Jessie 2851.-
$5000 WORTH cast -off clothing wanted; highest
price p-ii, 322 Grant a vs.; ts!. _*.;_ S3__,
ROOMS FOR
A NEW apartment house; furnished and un-
furnished rooms; new management: elevator.
hot and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower: cut rates now for summer. SOS
3d St.: ?3 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week. •
CENTRAL ave.. 62. near Haight—3 large'
sunny rooms, including kitchen, compute fur
housekeeping; references; no^cnildren.
ELEVENTH^ 106—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping^ ______
FOLSOM 525— Large sunny furnished room
light housekeepl^__»l_W_weekly.
HERBERT (The)— Sunny apartments for •
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly Zux-
nUhed. 1530 Polk -t. ¦ [
HOWARD 10«3— 2 sunny, completely furnished
connecting h£Uj_keer>ing rooraa. .
HYDE 41"— Nice, sunny, furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
KEARNY 104—3 unfurnished sunny rooms. *
$20; no 'children. . . >
MISSION^, near Second- Large fr-ntroo-u.
suitable for two; also two housekeeping
rooms, furnished. » '
SIXTH. 119A— 2 connecting sunny rCjoma for
housekeeping. '
SIXTH 123 >«¦'. — Sunny front r«om for • ll«ht *
housekeeping; also others; reasonable. • . .
STOCKTON 1206— Model housekeeping I'oom*;.
newly furnished; free gas late;. s»t;nny> H
to $12 month. * •• * »•
SUTTER. 21530— Sunny furntehed and -unru™- .
ished rooms, for light housekeeping; •»• or <
bath: no children; $5 to $12 per month-.
TWENTY-FIRST 3267— Two- furnished roomai .
bay window. Apply *371. Lexington ave. ,
A BRANCH office tor Call advertle.omin»_ and
subscriptions had been established at 1088 *»- _
lencia st. "¦' : - - * *_L— — •
ROOMS TO LET— F_r_. rn.nA Ui-l^-T-w •
A.A. —
City Room F.entlngr Agency. • ¦
1027^ Market st. Phone -UatlPW.
FREE .' - KREB-
We locate you free of charga.
In Rooms with "or "without beard.
Housekeeping Room- or Hotels.. '•
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 25O OUTSIDE R.OOB-S; .STEAM ,
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN -EVERT
ROOM; RATES 75c A DAY UP: SPEC1AI* '
RATES BY THE MONTH. . . .
A— HOTEL GRAYSTONE.
66 GEARY ST.. PHONE BUSH .830. •
CENTRALLY LOCATED: ELEOANT SUlT__i
WITH BATH AND SINGLES. ;
A— HOTEL PHILLIPS. 1C9 Sixth; Europea-
plan: 20O rooms; modern in every respect;
suites with private baths; also alngla; eleva-
tor, hot and cold water; prices reaaonable.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sbth— Room*
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 "per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlgnt. •
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or N'o-1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. SOc. $1. $1 50 nlgat:
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or wv 2 _ BeBt^ :
bath: running watey references. SS9 Post st.
BUCHANAN. 1333. near Geary— Nice, sunny
rooms, furn.; $5. <6«$8 mo.; gents preferrad.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 13«-D— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD — 204 Ellis, oor. Mason — Elegantly.
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. .
EIGHTH, 10^i— A furnished bedroom and
kitchen adjoining. • *
FIFTH. 119. second flat— Nice furnished .mall.
front^room. • #
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms SOc
to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week: reading-room.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 Sixth — Beautifully
furnished; rooms single or en suite; $1 per •
week up. .
MARKET. 1344. opp. Sevenths — Sunny furnished
rooms; central; convenient.
_ .
MILLBRAE House, 358 O'Farrell— New man-
agement; 1st class. J. Collln. late cf Avandel.
NINTH. 72 — Bay-window front rcom: also sin-
gle room. $6 50 upward; gents preferred.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished ioo— is and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week. tuo.
ROYAL House. 12tt Ellis— Incandescent light-,
read ing- room, smcking-rdbm and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, .'So to $1 oO, week. $2
to $S; month, $.s to SCO; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath«.
TURK. 418. Reglna — Beautiful sur.ny suites .4
single; latest impta ; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 1_1 Eddy •_. near JJarkat
— 10O single and family rooms; _Se to $1
night; $1 75 to $tt week; elevator: electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAX NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites; double & slngla rms.; terms moderate.
VAN NESS. 011 — Large, sunny rooms: reason-
able; lawrt yard anil storeroom; adults; pri-
vate family. Tel. Po!k 323.1.
VAN NESS. 1021 — Large, sunny room; largo
closet*; suitable for two: reasonable; other
rooms.
i WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; TOO rooms;
33c to $150 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st.
ROOMSAXDBOARTJu
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms.
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714 — Select private boardlng-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable, lo-
cation: all conveniences of home.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1224 — Large sunny front
room with board; running water, bath; pri-
vate family; tel. Steiner 3626.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church.
with annex. 807 California st. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
SUNNY furnished rooms with board $5 weeki
private family; gas, bath. 827 Mission st.
THE JOHNSON! 603 CFarrell St.— Sunny,
suites and single rooms, with board: refs.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 22(X> Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
YOUNO man wants room, running water; also
board. 2 meals. In German family; stat«
price. Box VX12. Call.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Com-
pany, corner California and Montgomery stsu
— For the six months ending June 30, 19U{.
d'vldends have been declared on deposits in
the savings department of this company a»
follows. On term deposits at the rate of
3 0-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
de-positi* at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after
Wednesday.. July 1. 1903. Dividends uncalled
for are added to the principal after July 1
1903. J. DAL2ELL liROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society, fifth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market _t., opposite Third— For
the half year ending 30th of June. 1903 *
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum of twelve T12) per cent on capital
stock and participating certificates, free o£
taxes, nayabie on and after WEDNESDAY.
JOSEP^I A. LEONARD. Manager.
EAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
St. — The board of directors declared a divi-
dend for the term ending June 30, 1903 at
the rate of three and one-quarter <3i;)"c«r
cent per annum on all deposit-. fre# o _
taxes, and payable on and after July 1 1903
Dividends not called for are added to and
bear the same rate of dividend aa ta* nrlncl.
pal from and after July 1 1903 / *>"a«
CYRUS W. CARMANT. CajhUr.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant, Powder Com"
pSny. Con. A dividend. No. 55 of Flftv
cents (SOc) per share on the issued capital
stock of the Company has been declared djjv-
able at the office of the Company, rooms "i^*
2O4. 2C6 Hayward Bldg.. San Francisco on
July 10th. 1903. Transfer books clos* j_h?
3rd, at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank. "*•*
Montgomery St.. Mills Building. For' th_
half year ending June 30. 19O3. dividends ur>-
on all deposits at the rate of threw tnd one-
fifth (3 1-5) per cent per annum, free of
§ taxe». will be payable on and after July 1
9 1903, FRED W. RAY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society IS
Geary st.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of 3% per cent per annum on Its depos-
fta, payable en nnd after July t ino;_
ERNEST CRAXD, 1 Secretary.
__^_^rEWRITCRp^X^SuTpLTE_T S
GREAT BARGAINS lN~TYPEwlTrraRS--W«'
sell better machines for leu money th_n any
house In the city; nsntaU $3. The Typewriter
. Exchange. S3ti C-UtaraU; telephone Main 26tt.
A FEW good typewriters at $.".0 each: gat par-
tlcuUr-. L. & M. ALEXANDER, ilu Monti
gomery st. . - .
2D r. H _ vND .typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
\\«b.ur Typewriter ; Iw«_ec. Co.. 2O» Sansomel
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED— MALE.
RELIABLE, trustworthy young man, good ad-
dress, .luocarance and education, wishes po-
sition of any kind; references given. . Box
1991. Call.
MAN of large experience in handling men.
also real estate, will accept position with
corporatipn or contractor; references and
bonds If wanted. Box 1937. Call.
FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acquaint-
ed with wlnemaklng. superintending cellar,
field and orchard, wishes position. 101
O'Farrell Bt.
YOUNG fireman would like a situation in a
power plant where a sober, steady man is
wantfd and a chance for advancement given;
reference, present employer. V. GRAF, Gold-
en West Hotel, box 1.
YOUNG man (American) desires a position as
Japanese and French interpreter; also under-
fctands office work. Box 1969. Call office.
WANTED— Situation to drive light wagon;
laundry or suclf. Box 1934, Call office.
JAPANESE couple want place In family; man
experienced cook; wife wait at table: good
references; $50. M. SHI. 518 Jessie st.; tel.
South 09. _________
JAPANESE boy desires work to help photo-
grapher every afternoon without wages. Box
2300. Call.
YOUNG Japanese wishes position in bakery to
learn trade; wages no object. SATO, 790
Turk st. >
JAPANESE flrst-class waiter wants a position.
F. H., phone South 09; 518 Jessie st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRAN'CH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ___________
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Po«t.'
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department ; It will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary st.. on
the square.
CALL and gret a printed list of flats and houses
to let: something new every day. We will
find what you want. LYON _ HOAG. 110
Montgomery et.
NOE. 577 — One block from Castro or 18th st.
cars; 5 lovely upper rooms; Just completed;
modern; must be seen, etc.; rent $.3; water
free. « .
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C St.. one block to McAllister
cars; & rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
$1S — SUNNY Hat; 5 rooms, bath. 516 Shrader
st, at the Park.
HOWARD. 2505'^— Lowfx flat 5 rooms and
bath; warm belt; low rent.
CLAYTON. 747— Modern 6 rooms and bath;
rent $35; attic and basement.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms; 1837 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post 8-
GREENWICH, 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
n«?w; marine view; $25; open.
6-ROOM fist. Corner Church and Hancock'sts.,
near Eighteenth.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISH KU.
FURNISHED flat. G rooms, all oalc furniture,
$21'5; rent $30. 612 »fr Leavenworth.
FURNITURE FOK SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat for sale; flat to
let; party leaving city. Call 20S Chatta-
nooga st. ,
OAK- dining set and velvet couch; no deal-
ers. 71 Waller st.
furniture; wanted. /
L. AND L. Auction Co., 1059-01 Mission; phone
Jerfcle 1871J spot cash for furniture, etc.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buy?, rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST.,
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
" ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
32% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS &. CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
• * '" ¦
¦ -
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS: A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTOKY,
COR. COUGH AND GROVE STS.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks fcr $4 50: positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks: day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $2o wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones, r. 94.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN _ CO.,
fwG Mission st.
A— OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists;
good wages: steady employment. C56 Mis-
sion st., I. MAGNIN & CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and ln-
fants' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 650 Mission st. -_
WANTED — Young lady who is an experienced
stenographer; one who is familiar with the
Smith Premier typewriter. Apply I between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' . . :
ACTIVE, thoroughly experienced business wo-
man, cauatle of holding ' position of trust.
Box 1090. Call. ¦ -- '- ¦ :
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. S16 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
STRONG girl for general housework; wage*
$20. Inquire at Helblng's, Ross Station. Cal.
YOUNG girl for light housework. NE. corner
Hyde and Jackson sts., upstairs. : '
GlRL to care for two children. 001 Natoma.
street. ' . .
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. .43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR.' V.
MAGNIN. , .
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish ¦ In 1 month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School, 143, Stockton St.. rm." 13.
PICK bops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for oien. women and
children. Call or writ* B. ¦ CLEMEN3
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st San Francisco. ¦
GIRLS about 14 for factory work: good wages,
steady employment. Apply at once, AMES &
HARRIS. 100 Sacramento St.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators.
Apply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO., 4,12
________ —J— _______________________
WANTED — Young girl to do general house-
- work. Call Friday, Saturday and Sunday at
20 Fifth ave.. north of Lake at.
WANTED— Girl about 15 for country; light
housework; wages $5. 'Box 1936, Call office.
GOOD ttirl wanted Uo work-in bindery. .". MY-
SELL, ROLLINS & CO., 22 CLay «L
_H__i__mb- ___q_**tHp»* ni~TQ*iHtfta %j*_»nf_fi nJtiii nirriWf ii ifa i -¦¦ifimB_-_____________l
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house fcr men: rent *1*°""*J__5
58 rooms; south of Market: rent $100.. 2000
24 room*; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
• 11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water frcnt; rent *40; lease.. BOO
120 rooms; good lease: low rent 65W
67 rms: apartments; Western Add; rent. 1B0
Monty loaned at 1 per cent.
' Hotels, roadhouses. flats, 3 to 100 rooms.
. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg. —
¦ Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
•: - ' " ROOMING HOUSES.
*S175-^fiNAP; C-room beautiful flat; 2 rooms
" pays. rent. Inquire 1Q.'!2 Market st.. rm. 4.
274 O'FARRELL st.; lodging house of 10
• . rma. ; nicely furnished; call bet. 4 and i p.m.
SUNNY! well furn. cor. flat, 14 rms; rent $37;
flrlce $650. U04 Second Ft., upstairs.
'/^ SPIRITUALISM^
KATIE HEUSSMANN, test circle Friday even-
ing. 25c; Bluings dally. 10W Harrison st.
ETHEL CRINDLE. special materializing
seance Sat, eve.. SOc. 1115 Post St.. 8 p. m.
MR£ BAXTER REYNOLDS, circles Tues. and
Frl.; a P- m.; readings dally. 4C! Geary st.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND ¥aVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
*K $1. $1. $1. $1. 51. *1. *1.
• ¦ PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
' i do- hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make- you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation, and what you called for; I promise
to .tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; tell whom and when you
*nir marry; tn fact. I will tell you every hope,
fear or'a,mhitlon better than you can tell your-
self. "He restores, lest affections, reunites the
separated, .causes speedy and happy marriages,
jnakes- you- successful and prosperous, cures
disease .and lest^vitallty without medicine, lo-
cates hiaden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to S p.
— I- ;' Sundays 2 to & 326 O'Farrell st.. 326.
Mli_J-M:"BEKNARD. THE FAMOUS
•' Clairvoyant jarid business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
' blag.'; she rfc_.ls your life correctly, gives an
' accurate description of the past, reveals the
-piesent happenings and portrays events to oc-
cur in the future; If you are in trouble, dls-
.conlentejl or jiot satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
¦ Ings' by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, 'clairvoyant aDd
¦palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
" St.. cor. Turk; prU-ate readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. — j.: readings by mall as satlsfac-
• tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
•Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ovU tight: tells the past, present and future:
'ltdlee. 50c: gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
ard clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. BASHAM, clairvoyant; come prepared
with questions. 79S Van Ness, cor. Eddy;
'tel. Sutter .'{134.
CLAIRVOYANT, palmist, card reader, re-
moved from 202 Minna st. to 402 Franklin
et.. nr. Grove: readings 10c for a short time.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MADAM MARCEAU. clairvoyant and card
reader: ladles. 25c: Rents. 5Oc. 545 Minna St.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tlngs daily. 44S^ Jegrle st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. '<"e cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN jou become disgusted with your work
stnd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. S55-:;57 T€hama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bash 421. 4U-41.'t Powell St.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main :g>4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. cacpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
XUi Golden Gate gyp.; telephone East 120.
CHIHOPOUISTS.
DUNLAP'~FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
$12 60-^COTTAGE, 4 R. and B.; 36SS 22d st. ;
fl»x) down and ?12 50 per month for 120
months.
*12 :*' — Cottage 4 R. and B. ; :15 Nevada ave.;
with iplCO down you can have your own home.
IJ. COFFIN. .'i-'IOa Mission St.
DENTISTS.^
DrTlUDLUM HILL. 1443 Marketer. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from (S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re- I
moved frexn 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg..
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full 6et; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set tetth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings 73c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free,
New York Dentists. 960 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS & SEAMSTRESSK '.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School — Open all the year; thoroush coursa
in millinery; both seasons taucht; the lead-
Ing system of dress cutting, fittlnff, finish-
ing end designing; easy payments; any pat-
tern cut to measure. 1019 Market st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 101SJ Market.
ACCOP.DION. sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~~ ~~~
HEALli's" SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAlTeNGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day, night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by exi>erts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt. ;
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 Post St., S. '
F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
: engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
- ket et. ; epeclal summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, ?50; day and evening sessions.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
near Ninth: management Pro/. Foster.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookeep-
ir.g: enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. S. F. Business College. 1238 Market st.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st.
KENT Law School— Day and night. 6 Eddy st.
Send for new catalogue.
LESSONS given in Water Color or OH Paint-
ing from Nature, CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or. eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission .r.r.fith.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr.10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $S mo.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S, F.;
founded lfcC3: new 80-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.-
T»; pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl'per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.^___
G^51tGir^^K7r^2r*1Po6t~st. : tel. BU8h\135.
Japanese-Chinese employment office: :ur-
nlshes best help: contracts for farm help, et^.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,'
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 573J.
RELIABLE Japanese Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung. 411tj O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
GRAND Japanese-Chlne» Emp. Office. 415
Stocktcn; Ul. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years'.
Tel. Main 1OT7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.N
E31PLOYMEXTWAXTEDU-FEMALE. ~
DRESSMAKER and i suitmaker; ecod cutter
and fitter: nothing but tlrst-class work done;
engagements by the day *6r week in private
families. MISS BARSS, 1024 Mission st. ,
WANT ads and subscriptions taken tor The
'Call at Eaton's Bazaar. . 633 ' McAllister St.
.•;¦ '¦-'. ".SAJk rij ASCISCOi- CALL. .V
-:i rBUSINESS . OFFICE ¦ of The -San Francisco
/•Call, corner .Market'' 'and : Third streets;' open
"•.until K .o'clock :eyerjr 'n-lght-fn i.bi ye ar. - :
; ; ; ;B;tANCll!oFFICES^-S27 Montgomery street;
".eefnir Claji <J>fn'-_htU 9:30 p. m» • '' ¦
•; tooo Hayes street; open ua^U 9^30 p. m.. • :
•'¦ \-cp jacJOiisteV street; 6pe.rt until a:30.p. m..
-*:' «15 Larkla »tf»et; : open .until: 9;:.3O pv m.
• v -Mil ; tlUsJoo street^ Qflen'.unUl 10 p.. si."
•V?r26r.-Market itrejet,.' .corner' Sixteenth i open
"itptil J» p.-nv ; :•_.- . '.'-.:¦ -. ' « \ • .
::C'»felo'eJ3th : street,;! open until -9 p. nv ' • •
e * !n»6;.VaJejnciavfctreeis open until 9 p. n l
'.. iljortiiwest- corner of; Twenty rtecond and Ken-
p v-tijcky streets; 6pe4- until. 9 .p. m. . ' ¦ . .
: /;.. 22<:T)tFi.Htpore;fare*<;'.c'i>en'.ur:tH 9 p^ rh. ;
y.'>' . caacft^H- • f 4Bnyicgs. - v- ' .
¦'. J?it\-yf rriUfaiVreyb.yterian.-Chcrch. cor. Gold-
• t':-Vn.*Jate. »Vv>. knd-.ltork ft. — Preaching.' lo-
•. -ijiorrow 'll:*-. m-'atid •T;43 p'. m. by Rev.
•¦'. -jjeorse *la\jotiick, -D.D.V. Morning theme.
* .-.; : _Ji*a«e Vclty 'and 'Its Lessons. Evening
." •Ithenif»""t"he .l>i'virio i'hHuSofiby. of ' Human
' .'•"«H_JuJryt*T -.SailSatfr'schofl.^^S a. m. Chris-
. '. .-rifcn t^idtavpr! «?.ciet£es. 5:3.0 and «:30.p. in.
: .'• 'ytwiny^is •cjoMjiaWy -. irTvUf-'d- to. all service*.-
". • .'1H «.£¦'. \r»-e. •" Court _3»s. tish»rs. ' Ccftie und
.'- .;iiri£'jr[y;.*ur fj^yr.-ds. __''•'«
' •*' " • ° '. ! l"MCgTiVG. : .»OT-ICES. • -
; liiUtKHTY .i**&4 ,N.o" • SJy F.- and -A. •
.-• • TM-:— >"ijnerar ..\npUpe*-<*fficsrs and _J\_.
""." 'HltlliU li _rV>" fequestod .to -Kswoni'ble'7^ _f
>»;!»t. •Wa^rjc -Temrkj on SUNDAY, the/^r-'
'•?QUl Yr"*t.: .a'f s*:ii) P> .clock ''for the purpose of
."¦ : .-)nd_<.f'.iiK. : ti*e"i 'funeral ceremonies' • of ! our
• "- ;lk<e ibftither.- TOXffiQK EBWAKD AGARD.
." •' -Ui— ice; to X-ircr H/lf -Cpmrtery. «y- order
.'..<Ct. At AV.-.M-i " •* ' '¦ •"'••.. . '
-';,' I;."*" •JKEP.ESISK. BfrBRY. Secjetjry. • -
FO'.il R r" ji ' i>^ .'•JfLY—SHEVL v-S/ifc-
• -:»wi>'l> ••paJmc. --b.eriveliky— ¦». Q_Q
. -¦¦';••.¦. f£!v->rc*Bu ¦ Grand -.'.AnEua*l "_?___>
• * -Op tJn— Cip ,*n4 '• Games . SCOTTISH .">«~i ' •
•* - •.-TlirSTLK CCpp. ' ,Urea* afra.ir..- Game*., ope a
"' * -.«{••_ r-,* c~r icrs. . &K006 <;Ctij prlzfcs: Models for'
.• *.iwnsawuri.*'*Re'ats o'f ¦ ttj-ength/'by Ustflng
;'. of tht iworfj. :Higbiari_ dancing by
! »i«-xpert tecs. ai»a .children.'.-: -Exciting bicycle;'
: •' : »n<J 'footraces: « Great tand«ra. team liltycle-
¦ •'•• .race., fake^ia add -Irish- Jig and reeicon-
•- * V/ts.. *p«c?al 's'nriitS for- R»emb*rs- -pacific.
-.': 'Athjetic' 3V^«oe_tlcii..and'Ik)ller-matafrs.and
' •: -thtis h«^per«..' <Sreat t^g'-o/..— »r. . pancrpg;
• • «nd-\ieyep*ng. . 'Magnificent display
••:¦•', of £rtrwor)(i irt' »l**t.' -tfim and -fporic' for
• ;. ewqr&Mx^ Gr*n<l. HfgJ}land"*e.lcj»me to kll. .
'¦ •"- •ACmit-ilyn* (dan..*-— Sdults; ;5U" dents;' chUarer i,
I . •?& .bsujs- '•(Mg:ht)- I -AduJte,- -25". cefcts:- cb.ll- ,
, •'••('.ren. fo' c*hlsv* iZuy,' yoiir terry tickets for
.•' -khe'.l ifc'und-! .(See prosranirafe: int partfculara:
.. : : : 'G»;>BG.T5 VT. MH.W'R/ Jtioyal Chl£f. ;
,- ;.-ajIX;rrdK- \V.V p:ATER^ON; Recorder; ; ¦
• £P3CICB8& .an*- m^mU<?rs -it . trie : jv%-ui ¦
" ' . -Be-rvyiJi JklomepesrJn'.L. piftd '.U. -^S__R_ '
.- ;Soelejy"? >'.iii 'are '.alt r^q-je^fi f^£-^*JSi
¦". to-- aFsemfci? _i : ouj ; Ha-;:.' wo, ft^X_.a
•"Market,- eC. . fct'NpAY., Joly : f>, 4j*EJ__?$l
"..'¦.,".•'¦•;;. kf> o'clock- a_ m, *Karp. iTy^p^a
•:' .to 'i^rrav.f-. ir.; Irje march tj the. t£?it» \J !
•'¦ .ferry ;>;i< 'di'. eur _3rd' i.nr.pal- '
• ' . ptcr.i'c.' .which' ylil be held. at. .
- : : .£cVjueuen "Park,-- San . R^Tavl. The' Society !
;-. .svlll -Ifave cm .-the? 9:30 a. tti. boat. Purchase
. ¦;" .jndur rs^Jroad ticket's, at. the ferry depot, j AU-
' -t n-Jfir.un .to "the iPark, n.v-.
• ' : 'JOHN* -E." KVKAVlZA-. President.
. r .: ' j_V M. G. £TAN1SICH. Rec. Sec.
TllE .CalJfrS'hik" IV1irl6 Commission, having re-
, •:' '«:ci\>ed.'appli>-_ll'(in; to mine by hydraulic pro-
.:. .-CPHs- iru— » \V.. ji. Kerr. . in Old Stiff Gravel
; : iIiXi4, nvn.t '¦ y_!!eciia. Calttveras County,
'.-¦ • .Oal...*d:_inlng : lnt*- Wades (lulch Creek.
• '. : . .Ji'hiuh reaches et»nislaus River. Rives notice i
, ' • rhut. » . inee'ttt-.g will- \>« 'held at room 1*»5.
•: • ¦"'¦lriooil Buoding. S-'an Francisco. Cal., July
,. ¦; ;¦£*}. 13t)3, a,t I'.'AO p. <n.
• NOTICE ' TO : STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
"'•¦: fi;»NK, : OF ' CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
;¦ .';•¦ ;H£J(CCQT GIVKN that a special meeting of
•.:"ttif 'st&rk+jclt'.et? of the Bank of California.
f hereby -tailetl by the President thereof, v.lll
: : ."IW h>Jd at -XcJ. 400 California street, the!
¦-¦¦/¦/ 1-a.pltin^-hoiive of said bark, in the City and
"•¦:.. .* -iVuiTty of •! : i''n Francisco," State of Cilifor-
. ••-:»il».-_.n: WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of July.
-;-;f*j.>. '-at *he .hour of "half-past three o'clock
• '-;.*tt the. _TtenrtJC»n of fmid day. for the pur-
'¦ : - 'futf-f of cori!--ide.rinp end deciding what dls-
' :j" .* v^itfltiojiT thatl.be n'.aCe of the new or in-
cai»itsl" ttock of said b.inlt that may
•*' '•¦'.-*'% authorised" by »=aid stockholders on said j
'.V/<iy,"aii'd of providing how, to whom, when'i
» V ;e^ : d et whst p»»ce under what conditions j
• .¦ '. | ifi'ji' n<»w of increased capital stcx^k may be i
..'"•i;*sol4; a»yf for-t*ie purpofe of authorizing and j
; '•.*ir*ht.\nts the BoarU of Directors of said I
»• -.tbank \. !.a« to do in the premises. I
. : - •-".:•. J' .. ' WILLIAM ALVOHD, :
'"..:. t ?.* ' Presl<?ent Of the Bank of California. I
.,-'. -.T>8t»d'*July 1. 15K13.
• '^iOi'ICE'of meeting.— The regular quarterly
.."••. -rtwtK^iff.the-dlrectprs of The Bar/* of Call-
.'.": ;i[i5rn!a will be held at the banking-house. 400
•:': . •/•ai^ctrr.ia street. "San Francisco, r.t. TUES-
: .: ;;DA)', ;ju!y 14. 130::. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
¦^ | fueniSer'b'Xiks tor the transfer of ytock will
¦•'\~i clear-' eft Tuesday. .July 7. 1003. -t 2 o'clock
,* i ¦ -.p. 'in.' end will reopen on Wednesday. July
:•' ' -15; et 9 - o'clock" a. m. By order of the board.
¦•-.'/.'¦ I .* " ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
..CUEAPEFT 8nd'b*-st in America— The Weekly •
:•¦' . "fall.- 1G jiagos, sent to any address In the I
••;.¦ t'ri'ifed. States or Canada one year for $1, ;
; '.'¦'¦ f>oitat;e paid. i
. : •"•'- : : ' : ¦ . AX>O PTI O N.
. *• j-J— ,
: ;:TV>XTE-D — For adoption; girl between 2 and
! 'S-.yc—rs: partial blonde. Address, bcx 1988,
' ; ,'Ca,n efflce.
¦l^r ' "; AST _ noLOGY '
; Returned — Prof. Raymond: astrolocy taught;
•' .!>oro «¦£— >e« cast by mall if desired. 649 Ellis.
•" .-.• • AITOHXEVS AT LAW.
• : "ROBT- KING, atty-at-law. Examiner b!d.,
'.'.•'rm. €11; all case*, damages, estates, wills.
• i .' attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
;' .:.free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
•.-•j'lnk* by appointment. TeL Red 3(501.
!' i*.pviCE free-r-l'wJll advance cost In merttori-
• :"•, -cue cases, divorces, probate and all other law
• i '-.ca—es: ho fees in advance; open every even-
. . \i ' Ing. J. M. THURSTON. Sl» Market Bt.. r. 31.
'-'¦ ADVlCE-free; divorces a si>ecia]ty;qulck,qulet;
. I'&o chstrge without success; established 13 yrs.
•*."•«• G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market rt.. cpp. Hale's.
'?¦'. AITKEN. it AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 303-10-11
.;.;J.aunle bldg.. £03 CaUfornla st.; teL Main 727.
."•ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
. '.: .cagfs:-open eygs. W.W.D-vidson. «27 M»rket.
'.L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
¦_ ..leet 1.: consultation free; no fees In advaac*.
..." I -. BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
" RANTED— Home for girl 3 years of age;
\. «Ute price. Box 2S19. Call office.
•*•¦•. " BUSINESS CHANCES. ~~~
, '¦•$20.000 — SALOON, the best, the largest, or a
. .' : partner tor $10,000 In same.
. •'..• : S3&0Q — Splendid corner saloon on O'Farrell
• .*C Korth while to look after.
'..' I Jf9.O — Saloon on Steuart Et.
• i " .2 .old. reliable corner groceries with bar,
.'".|40f« each; worthy price for experienced grocer
."FRED J SCHMIDT. 20 Montgomery et.
'"'THIS is a genuine bargain and worth Investi-
:-. - : ;-»f_ting — »10t>« buys the Cypress Villa, Vie
¦^¦•'.'••beet-paying hotel In San Rafael; splendid
", ••'¦furniture; rent only $0U; long lease if de-
> • ' .eired. For full particulars. CROKER &
•'. •'. :fO.. real estate agents. 137 Montgomery st..
'¦-..room 25; also a restaurant for $8uO; rent
T .- J3S. including h rooms; same city.
\' DAIRY with everything complete. Including 21
• . .-j-oung cows and 3 horses, wagons and all the
.business for tale. Address or send orders
*" • bi- mail to GEORGE PANAIOTIS. San Le-
andro. Cal.
-. -a : ,
• FpR SALE — At a bargain an established gro-
. eery business In Marln County; must be sold
• . within the next ten days. For particulars
,.• call at room 6. Wllkins block. San Ra-
., "-'fael. Cal.
'• WASTED — One or two men of some bur!nesi
*.. ./-talUty who wfll Invest $5000 or $10,000 In an
.". -'-old and well established business in Ean
: . : .•Francisco and to act as directors In the cor-
;¦ ¦•',• " poratlon.' Address box 18M, Call office.
. *JV ANTED — A partner for an old-established
*; . . - psrj'ihg business : must have knowledge of
.; ' • bookkeeping and be a good salesman having
e*« 'fCcafiital cf about $2000 or good security. Ad-
• r.Siyfct box 1920. Call. '
[• -Jr*OR sale — Good laundry business in Santa
."' Rosa; _rlllng on account of partners cannot
fc£ree. For particulars, call or address 704
. * •Fourth et.. Santa Rosa. Cal.
*• IX)R sale — The only clear store In Ean Lean-
, • dro: will be sold cheap: owner retiring from
. . * bnslness-. Inquire D. MORRIS. San.Leandro,
. Alameda County. Cal.
• .FOR «ale — Corner saloon: two years lease;
' . . • rood business at a sacrifice; no agents
. 1 Box IS82. Call office.
VTALLS in general market for rent: space sult-
. • able fcr grocery, delicatessen store and chop-
••"¦• housei Call 2C14 Mission st.
."1425— Paint chop and trade; well established
• .-• business; a bargain; tnuet sell at once. D L.
# . .: JUNGCK. 2117 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
•*>100 — GRAND bargain; restaurant; rtnt (20
' * ,320>l California et.
A B*IG corner school store; price low on ac-
. count of death. C. C. & W., 323 Sansome.
*JJLACK£MITH and shoeing shop; no agent.
• iCall at 15 Spear «t,
and delicacy store for sale;. must be
.: :*<t>6: owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
" •*» «T»trli1e route for sale. Apply Call office.
- ? c ? L V i^ CT . 1 °J*_ S* V2*l'£FJ& mmMM
AJfVtt'K free: bad trninln ejected speedily. CO-
• ' LUMDIAN LAW AOCY., r. k5, 81« Market;
. * t»l Ht/i W«<; collections; gen'l law buslnes*.
1 fi*f> Irnsfil* #J*cted ttrr *4; collections made:
# . ;Vity or roontry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
• C*>.." 4lb litmtsonatry. rooms 9-10; tel, ttttO.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPH"S\ ™ '
601-602-603 Exaru'.ner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In.
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. : Strictly confidential.
\ When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
' lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market St., tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on funiture or piano; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet; confidential. 26 Montgomery st.,rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK, 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market: phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. COO Hayes st.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery St.. rm. 16.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 ptr cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
MJJ^CAlL^JXS-NRIJJIEjrr^.
A FEW snaps selected from 2C0; all reduced on
account of summer season for June, July:
8 Chlckering $88, $97, $185
! 2 Emerson $05. $115
2 Heine $235, S383
2 Stelnway, small A large upright.$185. $3S3
New pianos from $137 up
25 Squares from $15 up
Piano Players. $90 up; rents reduced to $2
up. apply on purchase; Installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay ¦ balance.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; tel.
Main 5744.
BTEINWAY upright, left by private party.
1 $165; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
A good piano; good for practice % 83
On« a little better: a snap 120
Standard; oak case; splendid order 140
Sterling; mahogany case; $350 style.... 240
Vose; walnut case; fine condition 235
Vose; mahogany case; fine condition.... 245
New pianos, manufacturers' samples. In
mahogany and walnut; guaranteed 185
BENJ. CURTA55 & SON. 18-20 O'Farrell St.
- No Branches in San Francisco.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable goods and
easy payment. THE «ZENO MAUVAI3
" MUSIC CO.. 769. Market «t.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker:
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Fan -ell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe, 3-pedal upright piano
at great loss;-feavlng city. 920 O'FarreU st,
BARGAIN: good upright; must be sold at
once. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cectlian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett. Ludwlg and other good pianos.
OFFICES AND HTORES TO LET.
STORE with basement, below Kearny st.. $10.
Owner. C36 Clay st.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox plttings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, masaage. electricity or
medicine; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS.371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment: In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential; in plain, sealed
envelope: call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. '-01 Turk St.; Bruce D. Ktmmls. Mgr.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
jfcves Its growth; stops falling;, cures dandruff
aT.d itchinc scalp; no stain or titlcktness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. -StarUemedy^a..3.S5 Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. 3.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
mantntly morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st.; fee moderate.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. DR. WILL- :
IAMS CO.. 140 Geary St.. S. F.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howara
St., near Ninth: management Prof. Foater.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth^
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
DR. G. S. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer;
cure for all diseases of scalp. 332 O'Fanjtl st.
SUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Cft.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles halrdressing, 25c; hair goods; mani-
curing 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
: TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dresa pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mra.Traverae,1170Market.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-.
trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1110 Sutter.
PALMISTHY. __^
l_r~BELLE RUSSELL, palmist, 65 Third St.;
ladle*. 60c; gents. $1: hr». 10-9 lex. Sunday).
PA HER HANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Main 413
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. c"b'DONNELL— Of flee and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herb doctor; curea all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073VJ Market st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easea cured by Chinese herba. 74B-6 Clay st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
STORAGE j^^ WAREHjiiiI US EX.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnitureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard «t., near Third; phone Grant 1C1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12W.
GOLDEN Wect Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 184ft Shipping at cut rates.
» LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS Estate of J. HARRY
BRENNAN. deceased— Notice i* hereby
given by the undersigned, administratrix of
tho estate of J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
ceased, to the creditors of and nil persons
havlns claims against the said deceased
.to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers
within four months after the first publica-
tion of this notice to the said administratrix
at the office or A. f\ ST. SURE, room No
1203, Claus Spreckels buildln-. S«n Franl
clsco, California, which . said office the un-
dersigned selects as her place of business In
. all matters connected . with said estate of i
HARRY BRENNAN. deceased CAT 1 1
. ERINE A. • BRENNAN. Administratrix of
the Estate of - J. HARRY BRENNAN "de-
ceased.: Dated San. Francisco, July a'lmn
A. F. ST. SURE. Attorney for K-tiu,' Claui
fiyrecit-ta building. __j Jfraa«__«*
__a_n__. t_«-i»M----M-__-«_-.--»-_.i-a-.-.-- . „*- -|. —unarm ¦ 1 1 1 ¦¦¦ i ¦ 1 1 -W-WMIH-M-^-l
Looking; for board in the country.
Out where the buttercups grow?
Out midst the clover and daisies?
Such places The Call Want Ads. show.OAKLAND, • July 3.— Owing to (he fn
cumbered "condition of the estate : of
George % H. 4 Barrett, deceased/ Jud^e'MeN"
Allowance Not Increased.
There is only one statue In Great Brit
ain with an umbrella. This is to be seen
at Reading and 'represents Mr. G. Palmer,
of biscuit fame, standing bareheaded with
a silk hat and umbrella In hand. "
"And that," said the clergyman, quick
ly, "Is exactly my position. I am never
in the same' field with the houndd."—
Youths' Companion.
The clergyman had known the Bishop
for many years, eo he ventured to mur
mur a query as to whether the Bishop
considered hunting worse than attending
balls. i
"I know to what you refer," said the
Bishop, with a slight accession of color
"But I wish you to understand that, al
though my name appeared as that of a
guest at Lady Brockmorton's ball, I was
never in the same room with the danc
ers." r/ 28Si
A story is told of an English Bishop
who was reproving: one of the clergy for
his interest in hunting. "It is unfortu
nate." he said gravely, "that your name
should appear in connection with the
eport— most unfortunate."
Equally Guiltless.
Vienna B. Turner (owner), with E. T. Leiter
(contractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews — All
work for a 2-story frame building on lot on N
llty of Union street. 55 E of Devls&dero, K
27:6 by N 137:6; $CS37.
Webster Jones (owner) with Burton C. Allyn
(contractor), architect .Ralph Hart— All' work
except mantels, caa fixture*, shades and door
openers for a 3-story frame building on lot on
Nlln* ni Page street. 207 :« W of WebfcterJ
K 27 :rt by N 137:6, Western Addition block
297: $7972.
Francisco Roskc '(owner) ¦• with ¦ Cox Bros,
(contractors), architect none— All work for a
two-story and basement frame building on K
line of Church street. 131:0 N of Tenth, N 25
by E 125: $5*525. • .
Armand Cailleau (owner) with Petterson &
Pereson (contractors). Clinton Day architect
Alterations and addition* to. building on SE
corner of Kearoy street and Vermehr place 114
Kearny; $10,000. . '
M. J. Blackman (owner) with G. Wol fender
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son— All
work except plumbing, sewer work, gas flttlngT
tin wprk. .gas. fixtures and shade*, for a one
ptory frarce building and three stores on E line
of Deviaadero street, -37:6 8 of Ellis; $3700. ¦
Builders' Contracts.
Joseph C. Mowry * (trustee Abble A. Gray
hill) to Willis B George. lot 13 block 1 22,
Market Street Homestead; $10.
Henry and Lizzie. Buehn to Kate Ruddcn.
lot on B line of Edinburgh street; 250 S of
China avenue. S 25 by E 100. block 47. Excel
sior Homestead, quitclaim deed: $1.
Jacob and Una Hevman to Oscar Heyman.
lot on S line of Richland avenue. 425 B of
South avenue. E 25 by S 100. lot 14, block «,
Holly Park; $10.
Johanna Connell to Sylvester H. Jenner. lot
on E line of Eighth avenue. 125 S of C
street S 50 by E 120; $10.
William H. Jones to Thomas R. White Jr..
Mock bounded on N by P street. E by Third
avenue S by Q street and W by Fortieth ave
nue; $1.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Nfckolas and Mary Erdeljas, lot on-W line of
Vermont street. 25 N of Eighteenth N 25
by W 100; grant. . ' .
George R. and Jennie W. Shreve to' Oscar
Heymaji. lot on S line of California street,
82 :« W of Fourth avenue. W 50 by S 100; $10.
Josephine Zahn. Frank' W. F. and Walter
II. Scholl. Emma M. Schwerln, Elizabeth
Madison, Barbara Trlmborn and Charles
Fcholl - to Henry G. Meyer, lot on E line of
Twenty-eighth street, 100 N of Point l.obna
avenue E 120 by N 5O : $10.
Charles and Caroline Tldd to Eva Peach
(wife of Theodore), lot on E line of Larkin
street. 82:6 S of Chestnut. S 27:6 by E 110; $10.
Frank S. Brltta'n to Herman and Marshall
Soholten. lot en SE line of Clary street 275
SW of Fourth. SW 25 bv SE 75; $10.
Patrick Gorman (by W. W. Ackerson. com
missioner) to Patrick Gorman, lot on SW line
of I.anetnn street. 105 Nff of Bryant, NW 23
by SW SO; $1300.
Ix-tta M. Crabtree to Covlngt»n Prlngle. lot
*>n S line of Turk street, «7:« K of Hyde, E 00
S 137:«. W 137:6. N 50. E 87:«, X $7:6; $10.
Kate Welch to Edward and Hannah Scan-
Ion lot on N line of Geary street. 112:6 K of
Lyon E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Entate of William K. Van Alen (by O. D.
Baldwin, executor) to Mrs. K. M. Leavitt. lot
on W line/tf Lyon street. 55:7i» S of Sacra
mento S 26 by W 100; $4050.
Same to Clara A Reynolds, lot on N-llne of
Sacramento street. 140:11 E of Central ave
nue. E 25 by N 127:8Vi: *2250.
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to Joseph H.
Flir.n lot on N line of Haiprht street. 93:9 E
of MasonWravenue. E 25 by N 10O: |10.
Mary A. and Eugene K. Frits to Alwin G.
Page lot on E line of Ashbury street. 412 S
of Frederick. S 2S by E 106:3; $10.
Levitt H and Willie L. Cox to Josephine
Robinson (wife of J. H.). lot on S line of
Frederick street. 200 W of Clayton. W 25 by
S 137:6; $10.
Uriah B and Jennie A. Wilson to James W.
and Annie Kinsman, lot on W line of Shrader
street ICO N of Page. N 25 by W 112:«; $10.
MolU> G . Charles and Annie Bellstedt to
California, Oregon and Washington Home
builders' Association, lot on E line of Fol
»om street 135 N of Twenty-first, N 25 by E
122:6; $10.
California Oregon and Washington Home
builders' Association to Henry Meyer, same;
$10
Mollle G.. Charles and Annie Bellstedt to
same same; $10. .
Arthur li. and Anita Retsloff to Mary E. F.
Schaefer (wife of John J.). lot on E line of
Shotwell street, 95 S of Nineteenth, S 20 by Ii
Mark A Kelly to Josephine Kelly, undivided
2-12 of lot on SW corner of Eighteenth and
Guirrero street*. S 55 by W 1«"O; $10.
Same to Joseph A. Kelly, undivided 1-12 In
terest In same; $10.
Robert G. and Elizabeth L. S. Hooker, Eu
gene Kelly and E. J. L« Breton to Josephine
and 'Joseph A. Kelly, lot <jn SW corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero utreets, S 90 by W
100 quitclaim deed; $10.
Joseph A. and Mark A. Kelly to Josephine
Kelly lot on \V. line of Guerrero street, C5 d
of Eighteenth. H ."55 by W 100: $10.
Francis J. -and Mary F. N>1U to Glacomo
Guaraglia, lot on E line of Oakwood street, 101
S of Eighteenth. S 42 by E 135:10; $10.
Michael Murray to Bridget Collins, lot on E
line of Dolores street. 61 :6 S of Day. S 25 by
E 100: $10.
Eliza McAllister to Mary J. A. Gallant, lot
on E line of Panch*» atreet. 114 N of Clipper,
N 25:fl by E Kl:9: |10.
Sadie F. Foorman to 'Charles H. and Rhinette
Motretl. lot on S line of Post street, 1S3:5 W
or Mason. W 22:10 by S 137:6; $10.
Phebe A. Dcmerest to Rose E. Matthews
(wife of Wlckllffe). lot on»NW corner of Flor
ence and Broadway streets.Hv 50 by N* 70; $10
) Estate of Ellen Bennett (by Katherlne Bar-
I ton. administratrix) to Mary C. Daly, lot on
N line of Bush street. 45 W of Franklin. W 25
by N CO: $3650
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
The capital statistics for other parts of
the* world cover about four-fifths of ' the
mileage,-and : for this the total Is $15,490,
000,000, 'and $56,254 ber .mile. ' which is 45
per cent of the average in Europe. In
this latter statement, the capital of the
railroads in this country Is "swelled $2,205,
600,000 by including the stocks' and bonds
o wnei; by the, . railroad I companies v them
selves, which . is . nearly ; one-fifth of - the
total. . If the capital of tho railroads not
reporting is in\ the, same, proportion r as
thatof those which do, the total capital
Invested in railroads in the world is about
$36,850,000,000, : which is a tidy , sum ; to be
invested within 75 years— enough to carry
on about ten had" wars.— Engineering
News. • .•
.The Archiv fur Eisenbahnwesen has re
cently begun to publish tables of capital
invested in railroads in the several coun
tries of the world. These are more In
complete than the tables of mileage, but
are good so far as they go. For,Europe
they are Bubstiantially complete, and
show an aggregate investment in rail
roads of $20;246,000,000,, and $123,253 per
mile,' ranging from $252,707 in Great Bri
tain, .to $143,793 on the Belgian State
Railroads. $120,697 in France, $107,107 in
Austria-Hungary, $98,244 in the German
Empire, and $67,0S8 in Russia, down to
$41,636 on the .Swedish, state railroads,
$37,743 in Norway. and $21,251 on the state
railroads 'of Finland. ¦
Of European countries, the German em
pire leads in mileage— with 32,753 miles;
but It is followed closely by Russia, with
31,945, and the latter will doubtless soon
tr.ke the lead, for it has 365.8 inhabitants
and 6.S square miles of area per mile of
railroad, while the German empire has
but 6.4 square miles £f area and 1712 in
habitants per railroad mile.
Great Britain makes but a modest show
in the list under its own name, having but
22,100 miles in Europe; but It has more
railroads in Tndia than in' Europe, has
two-thirds of the railroads In Africa/and
with those of its colonies in America and
Australia, counts up an aggregate of 91,
845 miles, which .is, more than twice as
much as any other natioo can claim, ex
cept the United Slates, which, with/its
197,237 miles in the middle of 1901. which
must have been as much as 200,000 by the
end of that year, may be considered hors
# concours. It has so many, in fact, that
"the burden of supporting a mile of rail
road falls on about 300 people here, while
It is divided among 2205 in .Europe. 1S84
in Great Britain and Ireland, 1425 in
France, 1712 In the German empire, 2012 In
Austria-Hungary, 1668 In Belgium and 32$5
in Italy. And besides this we are bur
dened by the support of street railroads,
which are still more numerous in pro
portion to- population than in any other
country. If any one should hint that we
get more than they cost us out of these
seemingly superabundant means of trans
portation we shall not dispute him. In
some way, we have contrived to-produce
an extraordinary amount of this world's
good?, and we suspect that our railroads
have helped more than they have hin
dered—that, in fact, the rapid develop
ment and utilization of the resources of
this new. country have '.been made pos
sible only by our vast network of rail
roads. They have come before their time,
doubtless, sometimes, but the develop
ment of natural resources T6r the most
part is impossible without them, and wo
see that Canada has but 294 inhabitants
per mile of railroad and Austrafia but 316.
ENOBMOUS CAPITAL INVESTED^
The biggest drunkard of all is perhaps
the palm civet. So addicted is this ani
mal to the drinking habit that he has
been termed the toddy cat. And a more
helpless, foolish-looking creature than he
Is when he is thoroughly intoxicated with
the palm juice It would be difficult to
find. There are many other animals giv
en to this failing, but all those I have
spoken" of live In India and it may be
that the heat which induces extreme
thirst — a frequent • excuse among men
is no doubt the direct cause of it.—Col
lier's Weekly.
The sloth bear is another animal given
to this falling. The natives of India .are
in the habit of hangng little vessels^on
the palm trees for the purpose of catchng
the juice. This juice is so attractive to
the sloth bear that, although such a poor
climber, he -will scramble up and go on
drinking the. juice until he Is sO drunk
that he can only slip helplessly to the
ground and lie there in a drunken stupor
until the effects have passed off.
But the sloth bear is not the only ani
mal who is so partial. to this Juice of the
palm tree. The curious little fox-bats
(family pteropodidae) are particurarly
fond of It. This peculiar little combina
tion of beast and bird, with its foxlike
face, reddish furry body and black, un
canny-looking wings, the delicate mem
brane of which is always quivering down
to the very tips, will fly to these vessels
in company with 'some hundreds of his
companions and they will suck the juice
until the ground below the tree will be
dark with the bodies of these bats, who
will lie there tpo helplessly intoxicated to
move or defend themselves no matter
what may turn up.
Although it has often been said, when
speaking of drunkenness, that even the
beasts of the field do not get drunk, It Is
nevertheless a fact that a great many ani
mals do get intoxicated. Take the ele
pHant, for instance. He is particularly
fond of the fruit of the Ungana tree, and,
although ¦ he appears to have some idea
that it is not good. for him, he will go on
eating when he has once begun until he is
wildly excited and so intoxicated that he
will stagger from side to side. Every now
and then he will put himself up, shake his
)ju-j;e head and tear madly through the
forest trumpeting at the top of his voice
and terrifying every living creature.. It
is said" that he will even dare and defy his
most dreaded enemy, the .tiger, " when in
this condition, but we have no means of
verifying this. It is well known, how
ever, that an elephant is in a most
dangerous condition when suffering from
the effects of eating this beautiful fruit
and all who can take care to keep out of
his way as much as possible. „
Many Animals Become Intoxicated
on Nature's Bever-
BRUTES CAN ACQTJIBE -A* X
HABITS OF DBIUK
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 3— Stmr Ramona,
hence July 1, in tow tug Relief.
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 3— Strara Santa
Monica and Chehalls. for San FrancUco.' -
SEATTLE — Sailed July 3 — Stmr Getf Loomls,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT. ,-
VICTORIA, B C— Arrived July 3— Ger stmr
Eva, . from Astoria.
Sailed July 3 — Stmr UmatUU, for San Fran
cisco.
Weather Is Cooler.
OAKLAND, July 3.— H. M. Sanborn re
ported the temperature to-day at 94 de
grees, or 2 degrees cooler than yesterday.
OAKLAND, July 3. — Clarence Crowell,
Court Commissioner, will leave to-morrow
for a vacation trip to Honolulu. He will
return August 11. "'. .f. ¦¦'
Clarence Crowell's Vacation.
OAKLAND;, July 3.-The health office
has compiled data showing the death rate
for the fiscal year closing June 30 to have
been 13.72 to the 1000 of population.
Shows Oakland's Death Kate.
BERKELEY, July 3.— A People's Ex
press wagon and a Southern Pacific en
gine collided at Berryman staUori this
afternoon and knocked the two. men oc
cupying the seat of the wagon some dis
tance into the street, though both escaped
Injury. The men refused to give their
names. ' -'C:./y
Collision. Imperils Lives.
The tables of the railroad mileage in
all the different countries of the world
published: in the last number of 4ho
Archiv fiir Eisenbahnwesen show that
in the first year of the twentieth century
the aggregate length of the railroads of
the world for the first time exceeded half
a million of miles. It was a ' year of
larger construction than any pther
since this country's great feats in that
direction between 1S79 and 18S7. The
yearly additions to the world's mileage
have been:
1S96. ¦ 1S97. 1S9S. 1899. , 1900. 1901. j
9,706 ' 10,747 10,864 13,5a) . 10,798 16,947
Europe, Asia and Africa all built more
railroad in 1901 than in 1900; America a
little less. In comparison with previous
years, Asia has made unprecedented ad
ditions, building a little- more tha\i
Europe even in 1901, though the figures
published somewhat exaggerate • this,
some of the mileage in Siberia and Man
churia credited to 1901 having had the
track laid before, though not formally
opened (as part of it is not yet).
The mileage of the railroads in opera
tion at the end of 1901 on the different
continents was:
Europe 180.70S
Asia 41,814
Africa * H.187
Old World • 236,709
North America ......7 226,503
South America 28,654
Australia 15,649
New continents ..'...... 270.806
—giving a grand total of 507,515 miles,
against 450,568 at the close of 1900. In the
above table the West Indies are included
with South America. They are together
credited with 1791 miles.
MILEAGE IN TWO AMEBICAS.
North 'America, it will be seen, has
more railroad than Europe and Asia to
gether; th« two Americas, more than all
the rest of the world. For the four years
ending with 1S99 Europe built more rail
road than America, which had not hap
pened before for a long time, -but in the
two following years America nas again
built more than Europe.
As we have noted before in reviewing
these statistics, the most notable fact of
recent years has been the amount of
railroad construction in Asia and Africa.
The mileage opened as yet on those con
tinents Is trifling in comparison to their
area and population, but it is beginning,
and especially in Asia seems likely to be
continued at an increased rate. There
and in European Russia are the two great
fields promising immediate returns for the
improved transportation. Asia at the end
of 1895 had but 27,960 miles of railroad, so
that in six years it has made an increase
of 50 per cent. This has been due to
British India more than to Russia, though
the long lines of the latter country are-
more in the world's^ eye. . British India
had 23.S73 miles at the 'end of 1901, Russia
in Asia, Including the Chinese Eastern,
only 7323— but as India has forty times
the population of Asiatic Russia, this is
what should be expected. Even the in
crease in mileage in the past four years
has been greater in India, than in Asiatic
Russia. Russia, however, in that time has
built 70 per cent more railroad in Eu
rope than in Asia and has great need of
more in Europe, while its Asiatic teritory
ia yet to be developed. ' ¦-¦>_'
GEEMANY LEADS EUBOPE.
European Roads Par More
\ Complete and Costlier
Than Ours..
Has More Mileage Than
Europe and Asia
Together.
OAKLAND. July 3.— James Drinin, a.
candy man of Livermore, was, jailed here
to-day on the complaint of Eugene Allen,
who charges him with committing an
assault on his ~ll-y gar-old daughter, Ger
aldine. Allen gave him twenty-four
hours in which to leave the town and as
he did not go had him arrested. Drinin
says his arrest was out of-spite.
Arrested for Assault.
AMERICA LEADS
IN RAILROADS
vin this -morning refused tOvlncrease the
allowance of Dollie M. Barrett, the natur
al child of Barrett and Delia McDonald,
from |25 to $75 a month. The girl is now
13 years old and during the time con
sumed' In probating the estate she has
been awarded a small allowance. The es
tate has been appraised at $40,000, of
which she will get about half.
THE SAN FPAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
13
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADcRCETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS tHolldays excepted)— 6:43,
1TT45, 8U5. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. 'U*S. 3:15.
4:15. I»:1B, *6:15. 6:45, 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
M 6UNDATS AND LEGAL H0L1DATS-7.
t8 A" t-10, 11. tH:30 a, m., Ua:30. fl:^
2:35 rS :6O. A. «, 7i30. 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Quentin. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5 :ia p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the, 3:15 p. m. train runs
t0 r F ROM6AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. i«:25. 7:40. 8:15. J9:33,
11:05 a. m.. 12:S0. 2:20, J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:45.
10:20 p m • • " -
BUNDATS— 0:13, 7:35 »:40. $10:63.
tn:«"V m.. 12:i». 2:iO. J3^5. 4:40.*»:50.
B:65 7:35. 10:20 p." m. ¦
•Trains marked <t) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN • FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. 6:40, 7:45. 8:25,
9:45, 11:10 a. m., 12:40, 2:45. 5:15. 6:10. 7:05,
10:40 d. m.' r!^*' ¦¦B 1 'l''*<wl9"*8fc*traBffcp"N(*tM
SUNDAYS— «:S5. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05,
1:06 2:40. 3:45,, 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. tn.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. in., week days— Cazadero and way
stations. _•»-.¦-
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. ,-•¦.
-'3:15 - p. m-T Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. . "-«¦*- ' ¦
Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations. ' " .
- Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. tn., Point
Keyes toid way stations. - '. 1
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market at
FERRY— Foot of Market st. ; .. - ' — - '
California
Limited.,.
to CHICAGO
|Kj|i|^sl An Ideal Train
I^^S^ Seek the Best.
SANTA FE TBAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
- I Local I LinVd | Local JOVrl'd
f Daily f Dally 1 Dally [ DaUy
Lv. San Fran..| 7:30 a »:30 a| 4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... |10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
•• Merced 1:05 p 1:53 p l :2 f a
"Fresno 2:40 p S:2O p 3:15 a
"Hanford ... 4:58 p 4:07 p I : *° a
"Vlsalia 4:55 p 4:18 p , 5:0O a
"Bakersneld. 7:15 p 6:00 p .:35 a
" Kansas City 2:35 a 7:00 a
"Chicago ....1 2:15 p| 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersneld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:3O a. m. Monday and Thursday is the
CAIiirOBHIA LIMITED, carrying- Pal-
ace Sleeping- Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. U Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. ra. dally.
8:00 p. m. dally Is the Overland Express
wttb throogh Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Cbicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday it f p. ra.
Offices — G41 Market street and In Ferry De~
pot, San Francisco; 11 12 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH- PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. ' , t ; ! :
Tlhuron r:rry, ¦t'oot of Market St.
BAR FBAirCXSCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. :
1^:35, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, S:00, »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAW B&PAIL TO .-aW _-»AITCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— tf:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:2i>.
«:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:30. 5:00. 5:20, 6:10. «:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. '
Leave | ' In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1003. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deatina- j~Sun- | Week
Days, j daya. | tion. | daya. | Day*.
I 7:30 a! 7:45a 7:45a
7:30a S:00a - 8:40a 8:40 a
N:00a d:30a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
1 ' I 7:25 pi
7:30a 7:30a . 7:45 a| 7:45 a
8:00 a N:00a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
0:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7::«>a i '¦ 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a S:0Oa Fulton. . 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30p 2:30 p __| 7:25 p
J I Windsor/ I
7:30 af 7:30 al' HeaMsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
I I Lytton.
2:30 pf 2:30 p{ Geyserville. 7:25 p 7:25 p
I I Cloverdale.
7:30 a| 7:30 a! Hopland ~|10:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ and Uklah. | 7:25 pt 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wlllitg. \ 7:25 p) 7:23 p
8:00 a [ 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Guerne%-llle. [ 7:25 p| «:20p
8:00 at »:COa| « Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a'10:20 e
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sevastopol. I 7:25 pj «:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Han
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs:
at Geyserville i'or Skagffs Springs; at Clove--
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter "Valley. John Day's,
Riverside, Lierly's, Bucknell's. fc'anhedrin
Heights. Hullvtlle, Orr*» Hpt Springs. Hait-
way House, Comptche, Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg. Westport.*
Sherwood. Cahto. Coyelo. Laytonville, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Garbervllle, Pepperwood,' Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . .
' On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.'
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. n. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Leav« . Via Snsahtt Twrrj Arrive
San Pran. HA af Marktt fc. San Fran.
Week Sun- - ww - 'Sun- W«3T
p^- day 'far* "»>»¦
0:45a 8:00a ©jSiatofel l*:OOf« vTiHI
l:45r 8:OOa W^25iSr ia:80w3:30r
5:15f 1O:OOa 3:3Op 5:5Op
Sttarfayt taly. lam Tvnni 9iSOr,trm%iJ. 11:30^'
HCUT , I <U6 Makkkt St^ (North Shore Railroad)
OnriCB ) and Saosauto Fekky Foot Market St.
t^gS^B MEN AND WOMEN.
«^S^rUK£^%S CseBigOfornnoataral
iCtty '¦ ' »* k <»"-yf dlscharcet.inflacimatloat.
Swm O»»t»ote«<t Tfl irritations or ulcoratioBs
Iwf Htuitriitm. of mucous mtmbraata.
€ tmtmtt Ctatatita. Painleit. and not aitria*
jffSlmEUHSCKSMICUCO. gent or poisonooi.
bdt C!KCISXATI,O.BHH ««1«« 3>7 DruCTlala,
wk V.S.X. jgF or tent in plain wrapper,
¦^f^Mrki rfffi^Ta br express, prepaid, for
VHSBSCTBSKFH tl.OO.orS bottles 12.73.
"^BtW^^V P Clrcal» 4 - i:ct ea rwutit.
£5**; y : * T . A ' !t ! g^r5t rr - Y ~r? ro -?- * A1LE -
THOMA? VKf.KK & PON?.
' • . REAL ESTATE AGENTS. __
.* .Hjjill^-. IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
**.'.' JlIO.OfiQ — Washington rt.; north fide; near a
plaza; 2r:»!xl.'i7:ti; built «i years; 8 rooms, bath.
*4Rfc and .base meat ; su«-t work all dune; good
'. neighborhood : house exceptionally well built
Slid arranged: complete in every detail.
* T|4i6oO— Jaok»on rt.; north *i.ie: 24:tixllS; 2-
• trtary'. -*>¦ rooms and bath; worth $t2» a month
~*lt /vnttd. . « .
*• '.}<KSOcV— Jarkson et.: good 9-ronm house: rents
• ."f©.>;*jrOoiJ-flird lot in rood residence section.
'"$x;^» : i — Oi-tavU-Ft. <-<>rner: fine |ortlon; house
'. ..f; U room*, bath: f-lanked basement; brick
«" io*urrJatlon;-aII street work dcLC.
. -*»<Vi<>_rCilifornia t-t.: in t"°d rortlon; level
• bl6.rt:'» roonus and bath: tunny house; 27:<;x
' ' *- fNKxj^Bush st.; 7-rnom house; needs remod-
eling or .new building, and will rent steadily, as
. • luc^i Ion -warrants it.
"*•* f770ft-^i'<.*t M.; north t-ide; very good 2-
' •' *lcTrx ana .baj-emt-nt residence; renti»K for H3
J4-*n.i«nth..- ¦
? j:70rif>— Taylor tt. ; 2-*tory brick residence.
** •JF7/in<»—^;:»y *t.. ea« of Van Ne*s: ."-story
• "rwtise '.<ff -9! roorns and bsth: good neighborhood;
*I'. cljsjt- to-icw.n: cars coBvenlent.
•1 • "ii(***-^iV nion '«*.;• north side; large lot. 30\
' ! *13<iuvef* good 2-s:ory and basement house; 7
V.rV*mi=f bstb; *lso 2-t-ttry barn.
-" : '? Sft io^-V' Farrell-Ft. cottaife; 25x120 to rear
'__'f(r**$: sill Street work done: eotta^e could he
• itravui land ftati built on O'Farrell et.
•'• "'.'(.S^diWehtter-ft. cottage of 6 rooms; in
"•'tw''ioetiiaa; 25 fe»t front; cars half block
' jfytjci ; sirtt't work done.
' .-^ * ,-iiiS30rt^<jiocgh tt.-. large house of 11 rooms.
. .; r+.tA: \*-iTi£ry <nd basemer.t ; street and slde-
-. '" jp.-jf'Jf dijii*--. vicrtvcnler.t to town.
V - : J '&i3r*>-^F5e\ isadero »t. ; 27:Cx90.
' '' "i/NjOft-i-MiWicn *t.. in the Mission: good lot
.'Wft^/oojtkjJes; Mission st. runs from the water
M.*3ECtt*/»-«SajB Mjiteo County.
•'• - .-^JjIfiCu-t!* er.tieth. ft. ; 2-«ory house. 6 rooms
# - .'.end' Jbath: ; «feiH work all done; convenient !o-
• l^ri&j'^iTiS in warm belt.
'* -.'•]*.ii(^V— O'f^neil.: north side: 27 :« feet front;
J>".<r-»Yy c<itti*e; ftkts built here' will pay splen-
... •jt:i^'!> : '.tti<l;*tea-dily".
-..'-. •'*T40^-l-.p : oirero gvc; 140 feet front: 100 feet
•'. '.*'?.'?: l*twjr cottage. 'with barn and wind mill.
¦' ." .•^':X^»J3uerr*ro St.; 2-story house. 7 rooms
•¦ : »!>iJ'h!iTh; jp'spd hfirhborhood; street work done;
'. ; •• J tifepei t •>¦« rs 1 .assi ng.
'.. ¦ . .'tiiWv-lEt^V.teer.th st. • 2-story and basement
..'¦ r-,i!^ .of; £ rooms and bath; a fine buy.
•:> :i 'JS;'foJ>-^'T-tfird ave.: cozy cottage; 5 rooms; j
/•'.."• V-*V<?.— iOchland ave.. In the Mission ; cot- |
•¦-.lii*:'."'. * X-oazai.
"' .to5cS5 • HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
'• .; ¦•• • WASHINGTON ST.
'. r.'- '-. .' . •- '. • 27:tixl27:«.
'¦ :••'¦ \. Magnificent marine view.
*-."-.v«u~y y^'"l two-story ar.J basement house '
¦'••w .:h'-f rjahed attic.
;• -^fjrh! »&rj- large und sunny rooms and extra •
• tatFW' .tla'.hroom. Furnace, electric lighting, ]
¦"•*fcr?jtM "trick' f<-usdation and r'astered basement.
¦ v'CtMl tiftuminlzed : artificial stone sidewalk;
. * *rh<>evr' retaining wall.
•' "•'Stti&tatboeA first class.
'". ': .. TRICE ONLY $7000.
.- ;:'..' ' ' THOMAS MAGEE A- SONS.
• : • .*-' " Real Estate Agents.
' •.; •;. *' "• S Montgomery at.
. ..f iVo — C-.!y ere left: bargain; beautiful, ertls- ''
.¦'•' '.frc. .h»>rne.' Just completed; open for lsspec-
» ; fjen: see: it. Sifl- ClartL-n «t., south of Fred-
> ; *tU3c ' .
.*¦.*- *. [
': fcV^: NEW flxts of 4 and 5 R. a.nd B. :
. . ' l4 rrr >' ft". =>tar Mission; bal. $40 per month;
' ~--,y* 'T.ap. -
g-3tUWB ,*8 n*-w fiats of R and 6 R. and B. en
•" J M-.is*«ch irt-. near 2:»th: hal. f.V4 per month.
."•• -1*'^ •' ' ' P - COFFIN * ro - r - va Minion st.
. ••fcfin' SALE— Make offer for 6 lot*; all lerel:
? ...' ;wo. grading necessary: a fine location for a
' .' • JScme-- . <*!ose to Mission electric car: corner
¦ -•'•"jBtazjl ave. and Munich tt.: will sell one or
. ¦?•*% Address A. G. CLARK, care of Call
¦ /;:*tislceBs office.
* -Ti-'-flOti: block of houses Just started near the
•. '-'TVafV. en- Carl. Cole Fhrader&Parnassus ave. ;
JL *!an« • tertni. prices to stiit; apply premises.
: : ' :TaV-ES ROUNTREE t CO.. 137 Carl st.
-. •••!.' »T? .nbrth or south of the park purchased
.. I jhy' w. a. GUNN. KW California st. (Savin*
'' .'•i'tvJEoa' building*. ¦
: •" &TW houses aca flats en Second ave. and C
..••"-¦ "?^:. tor aala on easy payments; one Work to
-. ; ¦:-.--H^AVjytnT cars; prices to suit you; open.
' •; |^Ja.y. LEAXDBO REAL ESTATE.
•. l^l*"iT "be told on account of departure : nice
"' • < iHb'iirar*; fine corner; *> roorns and bath: lot
; •¦- .;i«>xJ<3:9i cost *0000: will be sold for $3000.
r ."- *rp!y to owner. A. MORRIS, or FRANK &
¦;.: :"j.t<-r AfTTHY. San Leanaro.
l-ttiZAJ.- ESTATE— Coantry — For Sml*.
s # ALFALFA lanfls. stock ranches, orchards, <
.»' : -V-:je- artfy; inspected bargains; monthly cata- !
•. :.«*»«!%« f*ee. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 [
•.- rsutvygtr. . I
; :;real estate to exchange.
."GOQD Oakland property to exchange for a
:. ~-.fi ook. ranch. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 406
.. '.'fTeVt.n *;.'. Oakland, Cal.
]j|#H>A- ADYERT1SEMENTS.
'-•";:.•.¦ ijiXrAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
jj'V*?f- "VXIIAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR:
V 'U;:. : : ;.A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
•. " f.Su^roiir.<led by flowers and fruit trees; near
'¦liXia 'ar»d srhools; only (2S50; lot 75xlZS.
. •..• : jNlct 5-room cottage and bath.
'". ¦¦'¦" '• iALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
.; j.:;Tctlf '-Grand 1461. 15O0 Park s«, Alameda.
!''$"<iR'eat'e— New house of 6 rooms; Fair Oak*
*.'<t.'w.e*t of Caroline. Enoinal Park. Apply
' . fr'J-.'H.-YOl'XG. 1243 Park Et.. Alameda.
¦JPELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
- I'. ' • BE RKELEV KEAL ESTATE.
. y\fx. Murdock & Co.. Lorin station. Berkeley —
• estate brokers, omnert. builders, etc.
M\ Valley Advertisements
i^L. , i __
.' "*IILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
' : N'fJVER.
:>.-N^er; '
•' -yever again will you have the opportunity to
, ** "buy clntce residence let* In Mill Valley right
• V a'- -he etitloo for from $8 to $12 a front foot.
• ; -"JSr\rr have lots eold as fast as have these;
"" I-('v«"r will ynt have easier terms offered; 10
. • .'i<-r '»nt earn, balance -monthly.
•* -'^MiM Valley Is growing ver>' rapidly; its
, *,*4*tural beauty, rood climate, etc.. are at-
<•• Jrmetiat numeroua homeset-kere; this fact.
. * *- if iTllrmi with the new electric road *nd
•*I"<VrTA- wstem, is also attra^ing spe^ulatoni;
• : .tkr lnna \m cheap now — from t * to $12 a front
. "fopt'foi« urorierty right at th*- station; will
•v.S"*uWe in value within a very short time;
." »¦ •¦»• is th# time to buy; look at the«e lots at
."•'. r:* 1 ™*^ many new homes are being built; we
' m hxw fen efflce at Mill Valley station, o^en
tBtmimnz tend for Illustrated booklet.
¦•- ; . LYON & HOAG.
• • lie ilontgomery «t.
'.(tHLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
• T>~» ; — = ,
r 'J: .PF51CE, 1118 BROADWAY.
" • - . -
• * J. -J? A^ 1L ' AJfP REAI ' ESTATE.
•.t^tS^TWO-fc'TORY hotise of 6 rooms: new
..?"• • rjurcbing; all in rood condition; lighted
;'. with g»>; lot fiuxl^O (note the size); with
« .• ; w»-u and barn; Just J block from Tele-
.; .*r»pJ» av«».
. .41T.Vi— <r<ntace of 5 rooms and extra large "U v-
-V.. ">« room: I4til lath rt.. near Center: all
•.•-••• newly. painted and papered: within walk-
•.. irijr -iiMance of local station; a bir bar-
¦J.\ • Snlr. and roust be sold at once.
*.$30<)0-^;'t*riy new; colonial cottar* --of 6 .
Z*> n > i - tnc A'-™ plumbing; high basement;
" ** fLt fo "»<latlon: let S0xl4(# «nou th»
" " SiE'/ 1 *' ork »» t™*' «">ne walks
"• „. !t* lki! 3f dl «»nce of town; bent loca-
' kdjfiiS*, <Jrove «•:¦ terms If desired; a
• ..-w* burgsin; owner. out of -own. •
• # georg'e w. Austin! '
• • *<*& Brcadwsy. Oakland.
•^^5*j^£LJ!3: r «ti:rk for sale.
totiii^LUAAfi. 408 Eleventh at.. Oakland. 1
- FRDITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KHIITVALE REAL ; KSTATeI '-j
BARGAIN— Frtiitvale; lot ."3x174: nice 5-room
home; pantry, bath, hot and cold water, sta-
a tlortary <ub«. 2 large basement rooms. -
larse chirktn houses: all fenced; rood order.
,j I CO Saoramcftto ft., S. F.
t '¦ =====
SPECIAL XOTICKS. j£ __
- NOTICE Is hereby E'ven that the Maria Kip
•» J Orphanage of 520 Lake £t.. San Frao^Uco
has received th«: following orphans. I hair
orphans and abandoned girl*,' from January
1 I Ut to June 30th. 1MT1-. Charlotte F Reeves
aged 11 years: Edith Markry Johnson^ 9
jears; Dorothy Camrbeil. 0 yt ars: Laura Dale
e I A«h. 10 years; Irene Jones. 13 years: Maria
k I Grenn C vvart; Violet E. Golledge, 1£
yeart; Margaret A. Golledsre. 11 years; Mat-
, I ii* E Good* 11 years; Hazel O. Oroode 9
1 : years; O*orir!e Davis. 2 years; Maud II.
* Brown 10 years: Elsie H. Brown. 9 years;
Ida M." Brown. <J years: Mary Jane Forsata,
15 months.
s ! ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1. IMS. to Jan. 1.
I ISXtt: Rayriionfl Welch, ase t\i y^ars; Ruby
Welch, as** **n y*ars: Eileen McOivcny, age
5 4 ye/tir; E5thfr Fraser. age 4 years.
SEAVI\G~MACIIIXKS A»U SUPPLIES
$15 BO Crop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand.
16 to $15 some nearly new; 00 days 1 exchange
kcre*ment Chicago S.M. Exchange, »S3 Mkt.
»t bet Mh and Cth: phone South 433; eleva-
tor; branch. :fr5 Geary ft.: phone Main 750.
• ••AUTOMATIC* and ether makes at cut rates:
reduction en rents and repairs; bought and
ex-hanged. Theme Jessie 313B. 145 Sixth tt.
f ¦«
' STITTERISG ASP ST.UIMERMC.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Nees and j
1 Market- positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday;
Francesco Murluni. 22. C29 Vallejo street,
• and Annie rarrr.lEianl. 10. C29 Vallejo street.
E. Floyd Lewis. '2^i. L<tf= Angeles, and Ethel
'¦ j F. Godfrey. 19. Los Anrelea.
William N. York. 2s. Woodland, and Gracie
M. Hilliker, IS. Ml Turk street.
, John A. Peterson. 20, city, and Ruth Hokan-
scn. lt«. city.
Frederick Braun. 34. 211 Fourth street, and
I Mag?:*- Kln:an. o4. I'll Fourth street.
! James J. Alexander. 27.' 40.19 Twenty-sixth
i «"tr>eet. and Mary B. O'Reilly, 19. 73S Union st.
Georgre H. Johnson. 21. Grand Hotel, and
Clfcra J. Northon. IS. -1155 Bush street.
Robert G. Er*kine. 20. «:2ti Turk street, and
I Mae A. Finn. •*;•, «t*6 Turk Mreet.
William F. Buckley, 21. city, and Lillian
• Smith.- IS, c'.ty.
Francis B. Mitchell. 24. 634 Polk atreet, and
Nora A. Cooper. 24. Oil Polk street.
Ernest E. Gable. 2(>. lt>17 Mission street, and
i Cora. L. Opsvir. 'Si. 1747 Mission street. <
William A. Louiw. 21, ."WB»i Third street,
and Moru* G. Coates, 21. 1427 Washinston st.
Perry Forayth. 23. 1228 Market street, and
! Ida M. Abbott. 10. 103a Mlasion street.
Harry P. Bennett. 30, Fresno, and Estella
j Elder. oG. Fresno. .
Charles K. Coone, 29, 026 Kearny street, and
Tokie L. Pierce. 2S. ZS3 Fulton street.
William H. Johnston. 4*\ city, and Jennie
Wilmoth. 40. Mound Valley, Kans.
Alva A. Wilson, 24, Kennett, and Allc- C.
Swasey. -zi. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
BORN.
ATTELL— In this city, June 29, 1903. to the
wife of C. Attell. a son. -
MARRIED.
ALLEN— COULTER— In this city, July 2.
VJO3. by the Rev. Frank 8. Ford, castor cf
the First Christian Church. George C. Allen
and Mary E. Coulter, both of San Fran-
cUco.
BHNBOW— BENNETTS— In this city. June 2».
1903. by the P.ev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of
the First Christian Church. Charles C. Ben-
bow and Mabel B. Bennetts, both of San
Franctsco. • »
JOSEPH— FLOGG — *n this city. July I. I&Ort.
by the Rev. Georce W. Beatty, Thomas B.
Joseph and Mandana H. Flogg, both of San
J Francisco.
j KELLY— ALFIERE— In this city, July 1, 1003,
by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of the
First Christian Church, Robert J. Kelly and
Charlotte L. Alfiere, both cf San Francisco.
i LIVERMORE— STEIN— In this city. June S. !
1'<K«. by the Rev. Francis M. Larkin. Ed-
waru Livermore and Marie E. Stein, both of |
i San Francisco. . 1
DIED. " j
Agard, George E. - - Gihaon, Oren E. -
Baird. Capt. A. M. Grant, Joseph -
Blackburn. John t>. Haines, Edward E.
Breig, Joseph Hampton. Fleda
Congrieve, Walter Houston. John
Crelghton. Mary G. Kenny, Johanna
Cutting.- Comfort Matteueci. Felice '.¦ -'
l>an « infant) p Mello, Joseph
Devine. John Michaels, Uertha'A.
DrUcoll. Margaret Murphy, Edward
Dyer. Richard I. Ney. Mrs. G. F.
Evarts, Nellie ¦ Pavlovich. Nicolas t
Fanning. Elizabeth Reck. Fredricka
Foley. Hannah Surryhne, Isaac !
AGARD — In this city. July 2. 1303. George t
Edward Agard, a native of Manchester. Eng- J
land, aged 72 years.
C?Triends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited 10 attend the funeral services i
to-morrow i Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at Ma-
Fonic Temcle, cwrner Post and Montgomery j
Mre*ts, under the auspice* of Fidelity Lodge
No. 120, F. and A. M.. Remains at the par- ;
lors of the California Undertaking Company, t
4(.»5 Powell Btreet. near corner of Post. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BAIRD — Entered into rest. July 3. 1903. Cap- }
tain A. M. Baird, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Baird. ami father of Mrs. C. II. Gil-
man. a native of Illinois, aged 63 years. A
member of Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U.
W.. and George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
<Kunday). at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Gt»en. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Cvrtreks Lawn Cemetery, by 11 :3O
o'clr«-k train from Third and Townsend
ftreets.
OFFICERS and members of Harmony Lodge
j No. 0, A. O. V. W., are respectfully Invited
M attend the funeral of our late brother,
<"ap<aln A. M. Balrd. to-morrow (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of McFadden,
McUrearty &. Green, 1171 Mission street.
O. McCLELLAN, M. W.
C. S. PENN. Recorder.
BLACKBURN— In this city. July 1. 1303. John
K. Blackburn, beloved ton of Mrs. Charles
Blackburn, and brother of Frank and Charles
Blackburn, a native of Iowa, aged 51 years.
C7"Frien'Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 5, at 1 :3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Petaluma.
BREIG — In this city. July 3. lfrftt, Joseph,
dearly beloved husband of Katherina Brelg. j
and brother of Kreszenzia Rehm. a native J
of Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 55 years. !
CONGRIEVE— In Oakland, July 2. 1903, Wal-
ter Congrieve, a native of Hheffield, York-
shire County, England, aged 77 years. ,
CRE1GHTON— In this city. July 2, lWtt. Mary
G.. beloved wife cf J. F. Creighton, mother
of Thomas C. and Alice L. Creighton, daugh-
ter of Mrs. C. Sevenlng. and sister of Carl,
Otto and Robert Seveoing, a native of T11-
ulumne County. Cal.. aged 43 years 10
months and "\ days.
C-7"r?«e cervices will be held to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, at the parlors of
Carew &. English, 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. |
CUTTING— In this cityf July 2, 1903. Com-
fort, beloved child of Francis R. and LIs-
sette A. Cutting, a native of California, agea
6 years 8 months and 4 days.
DEAN— In Oakland. July 2. i903. at 814
Twenty-eighth street. Dolores, infant daugh-
ter of Dr. O. S. and Eveline Dean.
DEVISE— In this rlty. July 3. 1903. John De-
vine, beloved brother of Mrs. Ann Crelghton.
a native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 70
year*.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunday). at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his slater. Mm. Ann Crelghton, 927 Folsorn
street, thenc* to St. Patrick'* Church for
pervlceB at 1 :30 o'clock. Interment Holy
<"rr>M Cemetery. A eolemn requiem mass
. will he celebrated for the r»poi*> of his soul
Tuesday, July 7. at St. Patrick's Church,
' commencing at 0 o'clock. Friends are in-
vited to attend.
DRISCOLL— In this city, July 2. 1903, at her
residence. 129 Capp street, Margaret Kelly,
widow of Timothy Drlscoll, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Mary A. Holland and Mrs.
Belle McNamara. sUter of Mrs. Julia Mc-
Carthy, and grandmother of Victor Hol-
land and Gladys, Aloyslua and Justin Mc-
Namara. a native of Kennelgh, County
Cork. ¦ Ireland, aged TO -years.'
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
DYER— In this city. July 2. 1903. Richard I., ,
beloved son of Joseph and Sarah E. Dyer, .
a, native of England, aged 10 years 11 '
months and 2G days.
EVARTS — In the City and County Hospital
July 3. iltOU. Nellie Evarts. a native of 1
Iowa, aged 26 yeans. . ,
FANNING— In this city. July 3. IfKC, Eliza- '
beth Gladys, beloved wife of Edward Kan- •
ning. and mother of Frank Curtis, aged 37 '
years. • '.
FOLEY— In this city. July X 1903. Hannah
Foley. sister-in-law of Patrick Cunningham. '
and aunt of T. J. Cunningham, a native of '
Queenstown, County Cork, Ireland.' aged btf '
years. I
. E?*NoUee of funeral hereafter. Remains
1 N EAREST THE CITY -^ 1
I OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. \< I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains le<af • a>n«l are due t« arri v* a>«
SAN FatAN CISCO.
CMai» Lta*. Toot f Uat*m gar— a >
fcBIATB — raOK JVMM 11. HH — AMTtj
„ 740a BealcJa. Bolivia, KJmtra aa« Sacra-
sasato ' 7-ZSr
7 W* YaeaTflla, WlnUra. Kumt. 7 £1»
7-50* Vaxtiae*. Saa Rtmoa. VaUcja,
X»p*. Call«ioc». 3aau Rota 1.15?
7J0a Xilea, Lathro* «t»«kto« 7.88*
160* BaTta.Wo0<Uaa4, Kctihu Laadlsc .
iterrarUl*. OrwOl*. (omae«U '
'. MllaryarfUe for Grid'. ty. Olgja
and Cbteo) . 7.8S»
8 CO* ACantteEapraaa Oytca «n4 »— a. T8.2SA
•JOa Pert Coata. JditlMi. Aitteca, B7-
ron.Tra«7,3iocktoa.SaersjBeBta,
¦•"¦¦¦ Loa Banes. V eadota. Haafort.
Yltalia. r«rter»lll« «<JV»
1.00 a Fort Coata. Itartises, Lutbro?, Mo-
•etto, Merced. Fren«, Oo»Sen
Junction, Qanford. VltaMa, .
BakertneM S.»»
5.30* Sbaats Szprvaa— Darla. ¦*t!ll«n»
(for Bartiei; Bprlnis). VtUlont,
trrato. Bed Staff. rarUaarf 7.88*
850* Sllea. Saa Jom. LtTenoere, Sleek-
taB,Io>«,Sacraa«a«o^Plae«r*U2a. 1
M aryjfllle, Cbte«. Bed BJaU 4.28*
• 30* Oakdale. Chinese, Jsaettova. So- — « '
' nor*. Tnotomse ted Aacela 4 25»
9 00* MarUaezaad WsySuttwt. 9 55f
taOOA Valltjo 12^6»
•10.00* CreieeotClty Expreaa. Baatbonod.
—Port Cost*. Byroo. Tra«y. La-
thro?. Stockton. Merced. Kay
toond. Creono. Uaaterd, Vlaalla,
Bakersfleld. Loa Aas«le« aad
Stw Orleaaa. (We>iw>oaa4 ar-
rives aa Pacific Co art express,
Tla Coast Ltae> «1.30>
10 00a The Overlaad Limited — oedea,
Denver, Onaoa, Cbicago. 6 25>
12 00* Bafward. Nile* and Way SUtloM. S-25*
11.00? Saeramento RlTer eteamer*.. tii.OOr
3 30r Benicla, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Ttlinatna. Coin**. Wll-
lowa. Kalgbta Laadlaa;. Marya-
Tfile. OroTllla and vay stations.. 10.S6A
3 lOr Hayward. Ntlra aad Way Station*.. 7 5£*
4 CO? Jiart:nfz.S»nP.»rao».V»lle;o.K»p»,
CnllJtcy*. BuuBoml 9zs*
4-OOp Manlaes.Trac7.Lathro».Stoektea. 1025*
4C0r Klles.LtTentiore.SiocktOB.Lo41.. 4-26'
430r Hay T»rd. Ttllea. Irrlactoa, 8*n I li.Shk
Joaa. Livennor* f t11.6&A
bCQr The O-wl Uaiitod— rr«»an. ToSaie, -- •
BakettficM. Loa Aa««lea; coa-
nceu at Satorca for Santa Bar-
bar*. 8S«a
6. 0Op Port Coata. Traey, Stocktos, Loa
Banoe ittSf
15.30T XHes, Saa Jose Local.^. 7.25*
t.CCr nay-ward. NHea «d<I Saa Joaa 10.25*
$.QQr Oriental Mall— Ofdeo. Denfer.
Otnaha. St. Louli. ChlcafO and
Ea?t. (CarrteaPaUmaaCarpaa-
KOgers od!» out of San 7ran-
cisco. Tourist ear and coacb ;
paaseDKers take ~.C0 r. ». trala
s to Reno, eonttnalas tfienee In
tbetr cant r.M. Irata esifward.. 4 Zir
Wettboand, Bnnset Llmtteil.—
From Kiw Tork, Cbicago, >'ew
Orleant. El Paso. Loa Asc«lea.
Freeno. Berenda, Raymoort (from
Toteicite). Martinez. Arrives.. J.2S*
7 CC? S*a Pibio. Port Cocta. Martinis
and Waj Sutloai. 11. 25*
l70u> Vallejo 765» •
7-COf Port Costa. Benieta. Solinn. DaTla, ..,..-
SacrameaM, Tmekeo. Beno.
Stops at all station* eaat of
Sacramento 755*
8 06> Oreson * California Expr-ws— Sac-
ramento. MaryaTille. Redding.
Portland. Paget Soand and Eaat. 155*
*f. 10* fiajward, Sllea aad Saa Jom (Sub-
daTonty) }11.88*
11.25^ Fort Coota, Traey. LaiAror. Vo~
deato, Merced. Raymond (to Ta»
•emlte). Kreiao..... 122S*
Hsnford. Vltalia. Bakeraflwid « S.2S*
COAST LINE (Jam-* «««g«).
> ffoot of Market Strot.)
*7^45* Santa Cru Bicart'cn (S«adar
only) «.10r
1.15a Kevark. Centerrllie. Saa Jo**,
Felton. Boaloer Creeks Santa -
Crm and Way Stations I 2S*
IS-iir Vewark, Centerrille. Saa Joa«,
Sew Ahoadcn, Loa Oato«.7eJton.
Bonlder Creek. Sanra Crna and
Principal W«t Btatloaa ....;.... 10 S5*
4.1 if Kewark. San Jose. Loa Sato* and
- way station 1 (0* Saturday aad
Snnday rnns taroagn 10 Santa
Cru*. connect* at Ffltcn for '
BonKer Cr«ek. Monday only
from 8anta Croa> tt.53*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From »A> HiAN CISCO, toot of Market St. <8U9i>
-t7:15 t:0O 11:00 *.m. 100 300 5.15 r.». "
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — f«:oo *$¦.*
t8:0S )0:00*.ii. igOQ 2 00 400 M.
COAST LINE <Br«Hi ««¦«•).
<Thlrd and Townaend Streeta.)
6.10* San Jote and Way Station**. 71 7J0f
t7C0* San Jote and Way Stations 8 3Cf
/7 00a New Abnaden S*}Qr
17.15* Monterey and Santa Cm* Exenr
ston (Sanday enly) ... $8 ZOr
•SCO* CoaatLlceLMnited— Stopaonly San
Joae.Gllroy.BoIU8ter.PaJaro.Caa-
trOTllle. Salioaa. Saa Ardo,Paao -
Roblet. S»ntaMiirgartta.SanLnl« .
¦> ," Oblspo,(pr1arip«!station»thenee)
Santa Barbara, and Lc* As> .-
gele*. Connection at CajtroTlIM
to and from Monterey and Pacl3c
Grove and at Pajaro aorta boaad
from Capitola and Santa Cm 10-489
8X0* San Jose. Tret Pinos. Capitola,
SantaCrns.PaelfleGroTe.Saltnaa,
San Lu!s Obitpo and Principal
Intermediate Station*.... 4.10*
We ttbouDd only. Pacific Coatt Ex-
nreiu.— From K ew Tork,Chleago.
V«w Orleans. El Pa»o. Lo* Aa-
ft'.'o. Santa Barbara. Arrive*.. *.30r
1030* Stn Jose and Way Stations 1.207
11 30* Ban Jote, Loa Gates and Way Sta-
. __ tlont 8.J8F
•1 jot- San Jote tadW»y Stationt >. 7 00»
2C0r San Jcseund W>t Sutlont {»41a
i*.A.C0rl)el Monte Eipre»»— Ssnta Clara.
o fan Jcte, Del Monte. Mont«r«f, ¦ -
Pacifie GroTt) (coaneett at Santa
Clara for Santa Crui. Boulder
_ li Creek and Narrow GaarePolnt«)tt2'1BV
o3S0r Barltngame. S»« Mt l»o. Redwood,
McnloPark. Pa!o Alto Mayfield.
Moontatn View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. Sa* Jote. Gllroy (connec-
tion for Bollister, Tret Plnos),
Pajaro (connection for Wataoa-
YtMe. Caprtola and Santa Cruz),
Pscl3c Grove tnd way ctattons.
Connects at C«ttroTiil« for Sa-
*4.J0r Saa Jot«*and*Way'sut:o*n*!!!l"!! 8 36*
rf5 COr San Jote. (tI« Santa Clara) Loa
Gatot. Wright and Principal Way
Blttiona , f .^ . .... rS Ofl*
•?520r San Jote and PrinetpalWaTSlatfoo* t8 VU
•t6.16^ etnMateo,Beretrord,Belmont.6An
Carloa. Redwood. FaU Oaka.
MealoPark. Palo Alto ft 48a
6.10* San Jote and Way Button a. %IBa
«7.CCr Santet Limited. Eaatbonnd.— Saa
Lntt pbtspa. ganta Barbara. Loa
An cries. Demtng. El Paso. New
, Orleaaa. New Tork. (Wettbosnd :
. ,^_^*rrtTetTias«nnJcaqninTallaj)... v8 25*
t.COr Palo Alto and Way Stations........ 1Q.1SA
"11.301 Mlilbrte. ralo Alto and Way Sta^
Uont ......... . . Mir.
• 11 30p MlUbrae, San Jote ' and Way 'stV- '**"
" ont • tt4S» .
v c f !S r Moras 2*- P tar Afternoon. "
> Saturday and Snnday oiiry.
iStopa at all ttattena on Sanday.
18undayexeepted. ; Sandiy oary.
«.P«tard«y only. - . , ;
• Connects at Goshen Jc with trains for Hanford.
Yitalia. At Fretno. for VUtli* via SaazeV
«Vla Coatt Liae. j Tnetday aad FrMay.
"» ArrtTc rla NUea. n Dafly except Saturday
v \la San Joaquin Valley. P««wraay.
* Stops Santa Clara south boand only. Connect*.
extept Sanday. lor all pointa Narrow Oanre.
jjjoeanotttopat VaienctoSt. • "-
The Weekly Gait
$1 per Y^r,
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor 4: Co., 767
MiFsion etreet. between Third and Fourth.
GIBSON— In this city. July .1. 1003. Oren B.
Olbson. beloved father of Oren E., Herbert
L.. Edward L. and A. Bruce Gibson and
Mrs. M. E. McCoy, a native of Maine, aged
SO years and :s months.
C7 Friend* and acqualntancea are re^nett-
rully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10- o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted £ Co.. 0+ti Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GRANT— In the City and County Hospital,
July 2. lJKtJ. Joseph Grant, a native or
Massachusetts, aged 05 years.
HAINES — In Berkeley. July 1. 1903. Edward
E. Haines. dearly beloved eon of Frank W.
and Josephine Haines, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years 2 months anTT « days.
(CJ^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tn? funeral Sunday,
July 5, H*K$, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3032 Grove street. Berkeley. Inter-
ment Mountain View (Cemetery, Oakland.
HAMPTON— In Oakland. July 2. 1903. Fleda.
daughter of John Hampton, a native of
Haywards, Cal.. aged 10 years and « months.
HOUSTON— In this city. July 3. 1003, • John.
beloved son of Mrs. E. Houston,- and brother
of Mrs. David Marx, a native of Troy, N.
Y.. aged 41t years. - •
!E7"The funeral will take place to-mcrrow
'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Eagles' Hall.
7.11 Market f reet. where services will be
held under the auspices of'Golden Gate Aerte
No. «i. F. O. E. Cremation I. ¦ O. O. F.
cemetery. Remains at the parlors of the
Henry J. Gallaehcr Undertaking Company.
-0 Fifth street.
TO the officer* and members of Golden Gate
Aerie No. 61, F. O. E. : You are requested
• to assemble at Eagle*' Hall, 731 Market'
street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
John Hourton. By order of our worthy
president, k. C. LAWS.
C. A. WESTCOTH. Secretary.
KENNY— In this city. July 2. 1903, Johanna,
beloved wife of John Kenny, a native of
Kilmanahine Castle. County Waterford, Ire-
land, aged tS5 years.
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to»day
(Saturday), at 8:U0 o'clock, from her late
residence, 14(X5^ Pacific utreet, thence to
St. Brlpid's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment' Holy
1 Cross Cemetery.
MATTEUCCI — In this city. July 3. 1003, Felice
Matteuccl. dearly beloved husband of Teresa.
Matteuccl, and beloved father of Oreste.
Am«rico, Vlncenzo, Ida., Angelina and Eve-
lina Matteueci, a native of Lucca, Italy,
a*ed 57 years.
MELLO— In this city. July 3, 3903. Joseph,
beloved son of John and Mary Mello. a na-
tive of Son Francisco, aged 7 days.
MICHAELS — In Fan Rafael. July 2. l'.HM. Ber-
tha A. Michael?, beloved daughter of Louisa
and Gecrge Michaels, and sl«ter of Mi«9 An-
nie and Geonse Michaels Mrs. Charles
Mayer. Mrs. A. Stl and Mrs Fr< Williams,
a native pf San Francisco, agt»a S years 1
month and 15 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the interment on Sun-
day, at 2 o'clock, at Mount Tamalpais Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY— In this city. July 3. 19U3. Edward,
dearly beloved son of Agnes and the late
Michael- Murohy. and brother of Alex Mur-
phy. Mrs. H. Steele and Agnes Murphy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years 7
months and 27 day*.
XEY— In this city. July 3. 1903, Mrs. G.
Faulkner Ney, wife of N. Ney. and mother
of Alfred C. Faulkner, a native of Ger-
many, aged 42 years 1 month and 10 days.
PAVLOVICH— In this city. July 1. 190,!,
Nicolas Pavlovich, a native of Pastrovlch,
. Dalmatia, Austria, aged 83 year*.
CyFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-daj-
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the Alcazar
building. 120 O'Farrell street, under the
auspices of the Slavonic I. M. B. Society.
RAnaina at the parlors of McFadden, Mc-
Breaity &. Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Ser-
vian Cemetery.
RECK— In this city. July 2. 1903. Fredrlcka
Reck, beloved mother of Fredrick and Al-
bert Reck and Mrs. Emma Kuhlemann, and
grandmother of Emma A. Kuhlemann. a na-
tive of Heidenhein. Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 73 years 7 'months and 19 *ays.
C7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from James Ha-
j nan's undertaking parlor*. 445 Valencia
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SURRYHNE— In Oakland, July 2. 1903, Isaac,
beloved husband of Mary A. Surryhne, and
father of Mrs. Thomas Bibber, a native of
Flint, Mich., aged 61 years 2 months and 10
day*. A member of Monterey Lodge .No. 217,
F. and A. M.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
The Mctn «
of Millions.
We have two propositions for trans-continental *
travelers.
One is for the man of millions; the other for
The "man of millions" proposition is this: The
Overland Limited, which leaves San Francisco
10.00 a.m. daily, carries a through sleeping car for
„ Omaha and Chicago via the "Rock Island. Car lies
over at Salt Lake City five hours, passes through the
finest scenery of the Rockies by daylight, and at
Denver is attached to the Rock Island's night express
out of that city.
The "millions of men" proposition is the tourist |
car. We run so many that we can't even name %
. them here. They leave San Francisco
'•'ii—^Bpfe daily via El Paso; Wednesday
and Saturday via Colorado.
F. W. THOMPSON*, G«ienl Western Ajeat,
IkR^H^^ 6a 3 M* rI '« Scree:, San Francijco.
¦ . - -i »4 Mary Hughes and Etta: Williams, who
are well known to the police as shoplift
ers,; were „ arrested In Hale Bros. 1 , store
yesterday by Special ; Officer F. M. Allen
and charged with petty larceny. A num
ber {of, articles,; which . were later identi
fied • as '¦' the. property of r Hale Bros., were
found on the women.' The Hughes woman
has charged . with '¦ similar offenses
before. .. "
Shoplifters Are "Arrested.
G. B. Bolton. a miner, was arrested by
Policeman McGowan on, the -arrival of the
steamship Coronado yesterday from Los
Angeles and was locked up< In- the city
prison. The arrest was made on a "dis
patch from Sheriff White of- Los Angeles
County to Acting Chief Martin to the ef
fect that Bolton was wanted for a statu
tory offense. The Sheriff was notified of
the arrest and replied he would send
an officer to take Bolton. back.
Wanted in Los Angeles.
Delirious Patient ilscapes.
John Dwyer. proprietor of a cigar shop
at the corner of Third and Silver streets,
notified the Coroner yesterday afternoon
that Al Brennan. a patient, had escaped
from St. Mary's Hospital while delirious
and that he was at large. Brennan, while
working In the Union Iron Works, re
ceived an injury to one of his hands and
blood poisoning set in. He obtained a re
volver from some > unknown source last
Thursday with the Intention of killing
himself, but the weapon was wrested
from him before he could carry his threat
into effect. Yesterday he succeeded in
making his escape and his friends .do not
know where he is.
Draughtsman Wanted.
.A United States civil service examina
tion will be held on August 5 and 6 In
this city for the position of architectural
and structural draughtsman In the quar
termaster's department at large; salary
$1200 per annum. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission at Wash
ington, D. C, or to the secretary of the
Consolidated \Board of Civil Service Ex
aminers, 301 Jackson street, San Fran
cisco. .
Frederick Geary, who lives In the Enter
prise Hotel, . reported to Policemen
Doherty. and Bolton, about 2 o'clock yes
terday morning that three young men had
struck him on the face, choked him and
robbed him of ten cents, on Castro street,
near Seventeenth street.. His upper lip
was cut and his face was bruised.- ¦
The officers made a search of the neigh
borhood and found W. Miller, Michaet
Whelan;and George Boyle sitting in. a
doorway at 2333 Market street. Geary at
once Identified them .as, the three yourig
men who' had assaulted and robbed him,
and'they were booked on a charge of rob
bery. ; ;
: When they appeared ,• before Police
Judge Conlan • yesterday, , Geary refused
to swear to a complaint, as he said he did
not -.wish to prosecute them, and the
cases were continued = till -Monday, after
the defendants were Instructed as to
their rights. ' •
ACCUSES THREE YOUNO 5
MEN OF ROBBING HIM
Frederick Geary Causes Arrest of Al
. leged Thieves, but Refuses to
¦ Prosecute .Them.
Building— D.s. Dorn. chairman: C H
Oaroutte. P. P. Ferguson. George Stone, E. d]
Site — Frank <¦ Burke, chairman; K J Smith
F A. Vail. John -Bameson. H. P Sonntag
Wendell Easton. George H. Pippy. Domua « r '
__ Finance— j. ,- h." ' Neff, ' chairman ; ' M II de
'W'i W Hellman T Jr.. John Martin/ Dr
\V, F. McNutt C. A. Harmon.. J. O. Hayes
• The ' special committee of the Union
League Club; recently appointed to find
a permanent home for the club had a
meeting yesterday.
The opinion of the members of the com
mittee was that the time was ripe to build
a clubhouse. One member has offered to
subscribe ' $20,000 - if nineteen other mem
bers will each take stock for the same
amount.
The general committee ; yesterday ap
pointed subcommittees . on site, , building
and finance.' These sub-committees will
meet on Monday and then prepare reports
to submit to the general committee ' next
\\ ednesday afternoon. There will be a
meeting ofthe.club' members next Thurs
day afternoon to receive reports of the
committees and- take definite action on
thei subject of raising funds and building
a clubhouse.
The sub-committees appointed yesterday
are as follows: .
Judge Murasky yesterday, appointed
Henry Wadsworth receiver in the case of
the Nevada Bank against the Anglo-Cali
fornian Bank and other creditors of the
Pacific Coast Warehouse • Co., this at
the request of all the. creditors; Theyhad
signed a . petition that was presented to
the court by Attorney^ Naphtaly of the
firm of Naphtaly, Freldenrlch & Axker
man. Mr. Wadsworth was the original re
ceiver.' The court also approved a bond of
$100,000.' •
Before Judge Murasky would act he de
manded assurance that the proceedings in
the Federal court had been dismissed.
The friendly suit of the Nevada BanK Is
to determine who Is entitled to the .wheat
In the warehouse at Crockett: It Is .al
leged that certain creditors have«. at
tempted to remove the wheat "and the
court has been asked to enjoin them from
taking such steps.
The petition of the creditors of the Pa
cific Coast Warehouse Company. to have
that firm adjudicated a bankrupt was
dismissed yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven. The court had for
merly held that the debtor was j not In
mercantile business and did not come un
der the provisions of the Federal I bank-'
ruptcy act. The creditors were there
upon allowed until yesterday to file an
amended petition, based on the : presump-'
tlon that the debtor was a merchant.
Upon the failure of the' creditors : so to
amend the petition it was. dismissed. .
Commander. Thomas Costello; senior vice
commander. Leonard B. Simon; Junior vice
commander. Otto Huber; adjutant. Frank. 8.
Drady (re-elected): quartermaster. A. J. Nich
olson; chaplain. Past Commander George \V\
Hollister; officer of the day. Joseph McEvoy;
officer of guard. P. J. O'Ryan; trustees. Max
Horn and J. Figueroa.
Camp Relnhold Rlchter, No. 127, Span
ish-American War Veterans, held a meet
ing In-' the . Alcazar building: last night
and after making arrangements for par
ticipation In the G. A. R. Encampment,
elected the following officers:
Veterans Elect Officers.
Wadsworth Appointed
to Guard Eppinger
Union League Members
Will Abt Without
An excellent opportunity to visit Willlta
during the Fourth of July holidays Is of
fered by the CALIFORNIA NORTH
WESTERN RAILWAY.
On the 2d. 3d. 4th and 5th of July tickets
will be on sale, with return limit Monday
July 6. c 1 only $6.00 for the round trlD
Hotel Wllllts, the largest and finest
hotel In Northern California, built by the
citizens of Wllllts and opened last April
offers splendid accommodations and ex
cellent meals. Terms. $2 00 to « 50 per
day; $10 00 to $18 00 per week. *.
The mountain surroundings, redwood
forests and picturesque canyons make
Willits a most desirable location for a
summer outing, i •
Special Rate to Willits for the Fourth
'of July Holidays.
The Registrar calls attention to the
fact that July 22 is the last day for giv
ing notice of change of residence, and for
the registration of new voters, and of
those who have not registered since Jan
uary 1, 1&02. This Is the last opportunity
for those who desire to vote at the pri
mary election to be held Ausust 11, 1903.
The Registrar announces that any peti
tion presented by any person for partici
pation In either the primary or municipal
elections will be carefully scrutinized, and
any person who swears to an affidavit on
any petition filed that he personally
knows the parties whose names are at
tached thereto will be arrested and pros
ecuted for perjury if it is discovered that
the signatures are not genuine.
This is to prevent the formation of
"piece" clubs, organized to prey upon
candidates for office. The examination of
these petitions entails unnecessary ex
pense. . -.*»»-
Thomas J. Walsh Intends to Do
Away With Formation of Po
litical Piece Clubs.
REGISTRAR PUBLISHES
WARNING TO FAKERS
FUND IS NEEDED
FOR CLUBHOUSE
There are other printers besides us in town
but none ahead. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay. • '
..• ; The local lodges ot the Knights of
.¦Honor will have a joint picnic at El Cam
• po to-day. There will be games, short
/ ' : r*r«!s. a-nd gate prizes, the principal one
':. being $20. Several boats will le ave for
'¦ ,<h> picnic grounds during the day.
Knights of Honor Picnic,
I Louis Zimmermann, 14 -years of age. re
siding at 1313 Howard street, had his face
and hands badly burned yesterday by an
explosion of . firecrackers. He was re
moved to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where he was cared for by Dr. J.
V.' Leonard.
Firecracker Burns Boy.
.The Cresccr.t City Transportation Com
pany, as owner of the steamer Crescent
<:»•>•¦. filed a petition yesterday in the
United States District Court for limitation
of liability. The steamer was wrecked on
Fish Rock on the coast of Mendocino
¦County on January 33 of this year, and
•SPYer.£.l.paEsengers were drowned and the
carg6 lost. Claims for lo*s of baggage
s-«d cargo aggregating $13C1 have been
filed, 'against the company and more are
'<*Xp*>cted. Thp petitioner asks that if the
owners of the steamer be hfld liable in
¦damages at -ill. such liability shall not ex
c^f.d the freight pending and $100, the
value of the steamer immediately after
the. wreck. •
Petition to Limit Liability.
ALAMEDA, July 3.— Spencer Brush, the
12-year-old son of Rev. and Mrs. Frank
S. Brush, was injured by the premature
explosion of a toy cannon last evening,
which nearly destroyed the sight of both
eyes and disfigured the lad's face. He is
being kept in a dark room and the result
of tho injury to his optics has not yet
been determined. Young Brush with sev
eral companions was celebrating the ad
vent of the Fourth of July. His toy piece
of ordnance failed to explode as it should
and while he was inserting a third fuse
in the little gun it was discharged, the
powder striking the boy full in the eyes
and countenance.
Spencer Brush May Lose His Eye
/ sight as Result;o£ Accident.
TOY CANNON INJURES BOY.
There Commissioner Wiggins would
have illustrated the California industries
of wine making, raisin making and other
distinctive industries of this State, begin
ning at the growing of the product, pro
ceeding through the several processes of
manufacture and ending up with the pre
sentation of a sample to visitors to the
big show. All the counties in Southern
California, fays Wiggins, are In line and
all but one have made appropriations.
Yesterday ' Commissioners Wiggins and
Filcher were In counsel In this city, at
tending to routine matters. and talking
over the Important matter of the State
building to be erected on the exposition
grounds at St. Louis. As has been previ
ously published In this paper, the State
building will be purely of the mission
style of architecture. Plans have been
prepared by Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco architects. Governor Pardee will
have the deciding voice In saying which
shall be submitted to the management of
tne exposition for final approval.
The plans that have been drawn will be
modified to meet the suggestions of the
proper official at St. Louis. " »
Commissioner Wiggins of the St. Louis
Exposition Commission suggests that the
California show at St. Louis shall em
brace as many working features as possi
ble. In the Horticultural building there
will be allotted space to special Industries
on the center aisle.
St. Louis Exposition Commissioners
Meet and Talk About Build- ¦
ing to Be Erected.
WIGGINS FLANS TO HAVE
HOME INDUSTRIES SHOWN
Tho deed- filed yesterday In this city
was executed in Paris, France, on June
12. 1903, and was signed by the contracting
parties before J. Allison Powell, deputy
Consul General of the United States.
The property transferred covers an en
tire block and is bounded by California,
Powell, Mason and Sacramento streets.
A deed was filed yesterday in the Re
corder's office by which William K. Van
derbilt and his wife,. Theresa Vanderbilt,
convey to Herman Oelrichs their one-half
undivided interest in the Fairmont Hotel
property.
The fact that the Vanderbilts had de
cided to withdraw from the proposal to
erect the Fairmont Hotel was fully pub
lished some months ago, after Mr. and
i»irs. Vanderbilt visited San Francisco
and held many consultations with Mr.
Oelrichs. It has also been made public
that Mr. Oelrichs and his wife, who is a
daughter of the late Senator Fair, would
carry out tho .plans for the erection of
tho palatial hotel.
Deed Is Filed Conveying Valuable
Block From the Vanderbilts
to Herman Oelrichs.
FAIRMONT HOTEL SITE
. LEGALLY TRANSFERRED
COURT NAMES
OLD RECEIVER
the home of their parents, Louis
A. Bickell. the printer, and Mrs. Hattie
Bickell, the artist, 412 McAllister street.
Arthur Bickell, about 15 years of age,
a promising pupil in the Boys' High
School, and his little sister, Ruth. 8 years
of age, are the victims of the accident.
Both children are now suffering untold
agony which the care of medical men
failed to assuage. Their faces, arms and
legs are terribly burned and even in event
of their survival they will carry evidence
of the accident through life.
The boy, Arthur, was the proudest lad
on McAllister street when he got home
yesterday with a big brass cannon and
a quantity of powder with which to load
it. Little sister Ruth followed close on
her big brother's heels, just as proud as
he, for she carried the- punk by which the
cannon was to Ae made to do Its duty
in heralding the coming of the Fourth.
Arthur somehow dropped his powder
can and the contents spilled. Realizing
that there might be danger should Ruth's
punk come close, he ordered her to throw
the thing away. She did as ordered, but
the wind was against her. . The lighted
brand returned in a Jiffy and landed on
the spilled powder. An explosion follow
ed. Both of the cnildren received the full ,
AS an introduction to the Fourth of
July celebration and tho promis
cuous use of explosives, two
youngsters are lying very, low at
force of the explosion on the face, arms
and legs. Their eyes are now closed so
tightly It Is Impossible to tell whether
they are blind or not.
PATRIOTIC YOUNG SGHOOLBOY AND HIS LITTLE SISTER WHO WERE
TERRIBLY BURNED BY AN ACCIDENTAL" EXPLOSION OF POW
DER SPILLED UPON THE GROUND. ., " • .
Deaths registered were distributed as follows:
Py sex, males 3»53, females 263; by social con
dition, single 301. rcarried 211. widowed 104,
divorced 4.*«inascertalned S; by race, Caucasian
M0. Mongolian 20. Japanese 6, African 3; by
nativitif*. Pacific Coast 21S, other States 100,
foreign 000. unascertained 4: by ages. 102 were
ur.rter 1 year of a?e. 35 were between 1 and 5
3 between 5 and 10. 18 between 10 and 20 71
between 20 and .10. 76 between 30 and 40' 67
tetween 40 and 50. 83 between 50 and 60 78
between CO and 70, 63 between 70 and SO 30
between 80 and 90, 1 between 00 and 100 anc!
1 over 100 years: 57 died in the City and County
Hospital. 20 in the Alsmhouse. 13 in the Emer
gency Hospitals. D in the hay. 1 in the park
and 152 In various hospitals, etc., leaving 3S0
to be credited to the city at large.
Some of the principal causes of death were-
Diphtheria 3. measles 7. whooping-cough 10
scarlet fever 2. typhoid fever 8, septic diseases
1<. diseases of the new born 4S, cancer 26 pul
monary tuberculosis (consumption).. 70, pneu
monia 44, alcoholism S. cirrhosis of liver "1
nephritis fBrlght's Disease) 44. apoplexy M*
•senility fold age) 17. diseases of the heart 77'
of the digestive system 3fV Violent deaths'
misadventure and negligence: Shock following
operations 7. asphyxia by gas 4 by sand 1
burns 2, crushing 1. drowning 4," falls 0 fire
arms 1. electricity 1. killed by steam train 1
raUe, car I. electric car 1, run over by wagont
4 sunstroke 1. poisoning 2; total, 40. Homi
cides. 1. Suicides: By cutting 1. drown™*
tot 1*1™ hanginK 3 ' **« 3 - carbolic acid 2!
Total number of deaths registered, 62S, equal
to a rate of 1.53 for the month per 1000 of
population, or 18.37 per annum, against 551 for
June. 1&02 when the rate waa is.30. Deduct
ing 55 deaths classed under the head of -"vio
lent.*' leaves 573 to be credited to all natural
causes, giving an actual rate of 16.74 per 1000.
Births registered totaled 536. equal to a rate
cf 15.CS per 1000. as against 430 in June, 1902,
whfn the rate wa* 14.32.
Edward M. Coffcy, statistician of the
Department of Health, has submitted the
following figures of births and deaths for
June:
There Were More Deaths and More
Births Thr.n During Correspond
ing Period Last Year.
COFFEY SUBMITS HEALTH
STATISTICS FOB, JUNE
When General Manager Chapman testi
tfed he spoke so enthusiastically of the
fcaimy climate of San Francisco that the
California Promotion Committee's press
a^rent noted the fact.
Being examined by LJvernash, Chap
rhan 6aid he knew of no city in the United
States where the climate was so favor
?.Vle for operating cars and for carmen as
San Francisco. He said that there were
•Vvut two public thoroughfares here where
•streetcar traffic becomes congested—Mar
ket and Mission streets. Where steep
grades are encountered there is a dearth
of : traffic and this could be proved by the
..fact that grass grows on the streets in
lhfse epots.
• : As to getting high standard men for
'.¦'ormen. Chapman said that he tried to
hire the very best men he could. The
run of men hired were of the aver
age intelligence, but if he could better
.rhj?m he would always do so. He made
the rule that men must be fully five feet
•f'svr.ri ar.d a half inches tall and must
weigh 150 pounds. He thought the aver
age man -would come up to this standard,
j. Returning to the subject of grades.
•.Chapman thought that the nerve-racking
.strain on carmen in this city was not
greater, nor as much, as in many Eastern
•eifles. He quoted tiem York, Chicago,
Boston. Philadelphia and Kansas City.
.He thought that car work v.-as exception
ally easy here owing to the broad streets.
He. admitted that the corporation saved
roonty by net having to use fuel in the
•cars. On the other ha:id the hills in San
l-Tfancisco made it necessary to operate
-i.Ji'ble cars, which are more expensive
tiran the electric.
•The case will be resumed Monday morn
ing- at 30 o'clock, when Manager Chapman
«i;i present tables shewing the earnings
¦cf;the carrr.en of his company.
The arbitration proceedings between the
•Carmen's Union and the United Railroads
w«re resumed yesterday morning. The
session was rather brief. President Cor
nelius of the Carmen's Union and Mana
. «^r Chapman of the United Railroads
wen reoalled.
.Cornelius testified that in April he met
President George A- Newhall. also the
.secretary and one of the directors, of the
Union-street line. President Newhall was
then notified by him that the carmen on
ih» TJnion-etreet line wanted their wages
increased to $3 for a day of nine hours.
Cornelius testified that Xewhall heard the
cemands patiently and said he could not
then answer positively whether the com
pany would pay $3 a day. but he was
willing to raise the wages 25 cents a day.
•itcn were then earning $2 60. Cornelius
ea'd that no further action was then
taken In the matter. The men thought
their cervices were worth $3 a day and
would not accept $2 75. Another reason
for the refusal was because they knew
th>t arbitration would take place between
the carmen of the United Railroads and
their employers and they wanted to
vwa'.t results. '
Ciapman Talks of Easy Car Work
and the Balmy Climate
of San Fran
' • .' cisco.
The deceased also leaves his half-Inter
est in the 500-acre ranch In Contra Costa
County to Leane Bridgford. daughter of
E. A. Bridgford. He leaves $3000 to his
niece Helen; $5000 to Jennie Coffin of Sac
ramento; to Ethel. Willie. Kate and Nel
lie Turton, he leaves $1000 each; to Andrew
J. Clunie he leaves the Clunie warehouse
property In Sacramento: to his brothers
George and James Clunie of Oregon he
leaves in eaual shares the Clunie ranch
in Napa County, and also the income of
$20,000, to be held in trust; to his father
in-law, E. Turton. he leaves $1000; and to
the trustees he leaves in trust the prop
erty on the southeast corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Leavenworth streets for
the benefit of Andrew's son, Thomas J.
Clunie. ' ..:..>
He also provides handsomely for his
widow. Florence Clunie. He leaves her
the Sacramento block, bounded by Eighth.
Ninth, J and K streets, Sacramento,
which Is known as the Clunie Opera-house
property; also the buildings known as 2121
2133 Q street; 1616-1626 Twenty-second
street. Sacramento: also the homestead
located at the corner of Fell and Lyon
streets. San Francisco. The will recites
that the widow for . consideration has
waived all other claims, community and
otherwise.'
Further on in the will the late capitalist
leaves to his adopted son "Jack" his soli
taire diamond ring, studs, sleeve buttons,
gold watch, horse and buggy and all the
residue to be divided between Jack and
his brother. Andrew.
BEQUESTS TO WIDOW.
Said trustees shall, during: the terms of said
trust, manage, control/ maintain and care for
said real property and .improve the same when
necessary and receive- rents, issues and profits
of the same and apply such portion thereof to
the care and maintenance of my said adopted
son as shall in their Judgment be suitable for
his beat interests; and the surplus of such
rents, issues and profits shall be by said trus
tees invested and reinvested from time to time
with power of change of such investments and
reinvestments as in their judgment they may
deem proper for the use and benefit of said
beneficiary.
The whole thereof to be delivered and turned
over to him when he shall have reached the
age of twenty-five years. A majority of said
trustees shall control in all matters. . . '.
A suitable sum to be fixed by the Probat*
Court shall be allowed for his education and
maintenance.
TRUSTEES' DUTIES.
The deceased provided well for hi3
adopted son "Jack." He appointed Ada
Egerton guardian of the boy. Deceased
also provides for the adopted son a3 fol
lows:
I leave to the three trustees, the Clunie
building, corner of Montgomery and California
streets, for the use and benefit of Jack Clunie.
my adopted son. to have and hold the same
till my said adopted son shall have reached the
age of twenty-Jlvti years, then the remainder
over hi fee simple absolute to my said adopted
son.
The will of the late 'Thomas J. Clunie
wa3 filed in the County Clerk's office yes
terday afternoon by E. A. Bridgford and
Burrell G. White, who. with Andrew J.
Clunie, a brother of deceased, are named
therein as' executors. The document is
dated June 23. 1903, and is witnessed by W.
M. Whita. 2588 Bush' street, and Neva
Bridgford Butler, 1610 Turk street. The
will disposes of property valued at $700,
000. It consists of improved and unim
proved property in San Francisco, Sac
ramento, Contra Costa and Napa coun
ties.
The plans submitted show a basement
in the front, which Is to face O'Farrell
street. The basement will have two en
trances and two stairways will lead from
it to the first floor. It is arranged for one
classroom, a cloakroom, laboratories,
heater and fuel rooms. .
The first story can be reached from the
outside by three entrances. The arrange
ment shown for it on the plans provides
for two classrooms, a central hall and the
auditorium.
On the; second story, reached by two
staircases at the ends of the building,
will be two classrooms, a room for the
principal, cloak and toilet rooms, also the
auditorium gallery and balcony.
On the third story there will be I two
classrooms, a physical laboratory, a
chemical laboratory, each with a store
room and a large lecture-room, also a
teachers'- room, closets and toilet.
The. building is to be provided with mod
ern heating and ventilating apparatus and
is to be wired for electric lighting.
The estimated cost of the building Is
$165,000. .. ' . -
On the ground floor there are to be
lunchrooms, workrooms and' the like, stor
age and carpenter rooms, a boiler and a
fuelroom. The building is to be heated
and ventilated and wired for electric
lights.
The estimated cost of the building is
$400,000.
The Girls' High School Annex is to be
located to the southeastward of the Oirls*
High School. It is to be a th*ee-story
brick, with sandstone trimmings of the
same general style of architecture and
finish as the present Girls' High School.
The structure is planned with the audi
torium on the first floor.
An open entrance portico will lead to a
vestibule, adjoining which are a main re
ception and a teachers' room. "
Two nights of stairs will lead to the
upper stories. On the first floor will be
six classrooms, a janitor's room, a labora
tory, a lecture hall, besides retiring-room
and teachers' toilet. Two exits from a
central corridor fourteen feet wide will
lead to the recreation grounds.
On the second floor there are to be six
classrooms, a lecture hall and two lava
tories with toilet.
Three additional' classrooms have been
placed in the third story, also a gymna
sium, with running track, locker rooms
and an assembly hall. Although the as
sembly hall is shown by these plans on
the third floor, this arrangement is to be
considered only as tentative. An alter
nate arrangement when details are pre-.
pared for actual construction would be to
bring the assembly hall down upon the
first, floor.
The Lowell High School building is to be
a four-story brick structure, with stone
and terra cotta trimmings. Pressed brick
is to be used for the exterior of the wails.
The architectural features are of Gothic
design. A central dome for use as an
astronomical observatory will surmount
the building.
The City Engineer has submitted plans
for the Lowell High School and the Girls'
High School annex. They are practically
samples of the twenty-seven school build
ings that are to be constructed under the
new bond issue, to be passed upon by the
voters at a special election.
The plaintiff alleges that the members
of the board have not been appointed by
the Governor nor by any other person,
board or officer having authority under
the constitution. The plaintiff desires the
defendants ousted, as each of them has
usurped and ?ntruded into the office and
unlawfully exercises the functions there
of.
The defendants herein above named were
elected as members of the Board of Medical
Examiners of the State of California by these
several medical societies hereinbefore referred
to, to wit, the said defendants, Dudley Talt.
David Powell. D. E. Oeborne. W. S. Thorne
and B. L. Wilbur, and were elected as such
members of said board by the said medical *o
ciety of California, and said defendants, G. G.
Gere and L. A. Perce. were elected as such
members of said board by the said Eclectic
Medical Society of California, and said' de
fendants. C. L. Tisdale and E. C. Buell, were
elected an such members of said board by the
California State Homeopathic Medical Society —
all In accordance with the terme of said act
of the I/ecislature hereinbefore referred to;
and by reason of said appointments as above
set forth said defendant*, and each of them,
claim to be public civil officers, to wit, mem
bers of said Board of Medical Examiners. of
the State of California. But said elections and
appointments, and the election and appoint
ments of each of said defendants were and are
without authority of law and are null and
void.
That there is no other provision made by
law (or the appointment of said officers, to
wit, the said nretnbers of the said Board of
Medical Examiners of the State of California.
That each of raid societies is a private, civil
corporation, organized and existing under the
laws of the State, and has no authority, and
neither of them has any authority uno^r the
constitution and laws of the State to elect or
appoint said members of e&ld board, or any or
either of the members of said board.
Joined by the Attorney General.
The complaint sets forth that at the
thirty-fourth session of the Legislature
an act was passed entitled "An act for
the regulation of the practice of medicine
and surgery in the State of California
and for the appointment of a board of
medical examinera." This act became a
law without the Governor's approval,
February 27, 1901, and a. board consisting
of nine members was appointed. The act
fixed their compensation and directed that
five members be elected by the Medical
Society of the State of California, two
members by the California State Homeop
athic Medical Society and two members
by the Eclectic Medical Society.
The complaint recites the following:
Suit was filed yesterday In the Superior
Court to oust Dudley Talt, David Powell,
D. E. Osborne. W. S. Thome. R. U Wil
bur, Q. G. G«re. L. "A. Perce. C. L. Tls
dale and E. C. Buell, the present members
of the State Board of Medical Examiners
The action Is by D A. Hodghead, who Is
Will Wait to Learn Result of
; •".: Arbitration' Proceedings
Now Pending.
Public Will Soon Decide the
Question of Their Con
struction.
Alleges They Were Unlaw
* fully Appointed to Their
Positions.
Ignored.
Newhall's Offer of Twen
ty-five Cent Raise Is
Relatives Handsomely Re
membered by Late
Capitalist.
Thomas J. Ciunie's Will
Is Filed for
Probate.
New Schoolhouse Plans
Are Submitted by
City Engineer.
Dr. Hodghead Brings
Action Against the
Examinera
WHERE STUDY
WILL BE JOY
UNION LINE
CARMEN SEEK
HIGHER WAGE
SUES TO OUST
MEDICAL BOARD
LARGE BEQUEST
TO ADOPTED SON
TIIE • SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1903.
Dawn of Nation's Natal Day Finds Two
Enthusiastic Youngsters Maimed and
Suffering Victims of Their Patriotism
BURNED AND SIGHTLESS
THEY GREET THE FOURTH
...In-,- Vlreinia : gulls', eggs are 1 commonly
eaten, and In Texas the eggs of terns and
herons are [gathered along the coast. \
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic av.»
California Sun, Wind and Dust
Weaken eyes and cause inflammation and
redness. Murlne Eye Remedy restores and
strengthens.'r Cures all eye diseases,
doesn't, smart, soothes eye pain. An aid
to those wearing glasses. Sold by drug
gists and. opticians. ¦-•
Special Southern Pacific train will leave
Oakland; First and Broadway 11 p. m
Saturday, July ;4th,« for. LJvermore stop
ping at. all intermediate points.- -
SPECIAL TRAIN,
ACCOUNT , FOURTH OF JULY/
14
AjDVEBTISEMENTS.
Soap for' toilet,., nursery,
bath and shaving. , Match-
less among all soaps in .
the world for fckese pur-
poses.
•old all over the world. ~
: : ¦ . AD VEBTTSElgEXTS.
IliT'S II
I SAPPH-D EflM 0 H D ?*
::-";Itfs That Imitation Which!
- Requires the Attention of a
; : Connoisseur to Determine It
•* : From the Real Brazilian Pro-
•• duct. Actually possessing
. -e.very attribute that causes a
/ real diamond to be so valu- 1
•' able. The only imitation ever
.•jkiiown to science to possess'
V : -the same prismatic fire of the
: genuine, with the same dia-
. " mond cut.
r ¦ Demonstrated and sold with-
' .but the aid of electric lights.
; Artificial lights in the even-
.' : iDg only.
• Guaranteed for a period of 25 years, j
'Catalogues. World's greatest dia-
* niond imitator. "
I J.C. DAVIDSON, 124 Kearny St.
. , V rAjVERTISEMENTS. '
1776 1QO3
4th of July
CELEBRATION. -
Headquarters. California Hotel.
Grand Marshal,
THEODORE LUNSTEDT.
'. SAN FRANCISCO. July 4. 1903.
, The following announcements are made for
1 the guidance of participants In the cehtbration
. and for the public generally:
! ROUTE OF PROCESSION.
The line of march wtll be as follows: Com-
' mencing at Battery and Market MfMtajtlMittt
1 up Market to Montgomery, to Bush, to Kearny.
: to Market, out Market to Van N«« * v *""*'
to reviewing stand at -Post and van ness,
" where the parade will be dismissed.
The troops will be reviewed by Bricadler-
General R. H. Warfleld. N. O. C.
FORMATION.
1 Police— North side of Market street, left rest-
!• lni on Battery.
Unlted^States army troops— North side of Mar-
ket street., right resting on Battery.
National Guard of California— South side ot
Market street, rteht resting oh First street.
Woodmen of the World and Women of Wood-
craft — South side of Market, right on
. left of N. G. C troops.
ORDER OF PROCESSION.
Battalion of police. Captain John Splllan*
commanding.
Dljeau's Band.
GRAND MARSHAL..
THEODOBE LUNSTEDT;
Chief of Staff.
IRA BARKER DALZIEL;
Chief. Aide,
MARTIN O'DEA JR.;
Special Aide to Grand Marshal.
A. DE LA TORRE JR.;
AIDES TO GRAND MARSHAL— Frank
Dunn J J. O'Connor. E. A. Henderson. J. W.
Donovan Dr. F. R. Orella. C. M. Skinner.
Dr W F. McNutt Jr.. W. H. Rice. T. P.
ODowd. W. J. Kenney. \V. H. Roden Jr..
David Becker. James B. Owens. Loren L. Cum-
mtns». P. M. McGushin. H. L. Detjen, J. F.
McGlynn A. Ruef. Colonel A. P. Hodges. F.
K Lake John F. Cunningham. J. W. Lar»»n.
Ed ODay. D. L. Fitzgerald. Maxwell McNutt.
F S Burkhart. W. J. O'Brien. Acton Haven,
Jesse Mathers. Harry Robb. R. E. Harrold, P.
J. Menjou. Don R. Dunbar. W. E. Trefts J.
W. Kelly. Frederic Bertrand. Dr. L. G. Kraker.
R D Barton. Max Gelstlich. W. H. W ester-
fe'ld. John K. Prior. J. R. Leese. Fred Bauer.
Frank Dibble. George II. Ryan. Alex. McKay.
D. Prelovsky. I. Erb. Peter Popovlch. J. C.
Sullivan. ."Thomas Keough. Thomas H. Rush.
Isaac H. Spiro, Wm. A. Newman. John H.
Shine. Edward F. Lucett. P. J. Kelly. Jona
L. Herget.
United States Army Troops.
Coast Artillery.
Major Albert Todd. A. C, commanding.
Third Band, A. C. . .
First Battalion — Captain Chas. H. Hunter. Ar«
tillery Corps. 25th. 29th. «4th and 70th
Companies. Coast Artillery.
Second Battalion — Captain L. R. Burgess. Ar-
tillery Corps. 27th. 2Sth. 60th and 105th
Companies. Coast Artillery.
Field Artillery.
First Battalion.
Captain J. V. White, commanding.
Flret Battery— Captain C. A. Bennett.
Artillery Corps.
Twenty-fourth Battery — First Lieutenant P. K.
Brice. Artillery Corps.
Float — Unele . Sam of To-day.
Second Brigade. N. G. C. Col. Thos. F. O'Nell.
First Infantry Regiment, commanding.
First Regiment Infantry and Band.
Major Geo. Fllmer. commanding- - .
First Battalion of Artillery and Band.
Major H. P. Bush, commanding.
Brigadier-General R. H. Warfleld. reviewing
of fleer, and staff in carriages. -,
Governor's staff tn carriages.
Mexican Veterans in carriages.
I BLUM'S BAND.
Woodmen of the World; Women of Woodcraft:
Mayor Schmltz. Supervisors, Foreign Con-
• guls. Grand Officers. N. S. G. W.,
Other- Invited Guests and Commit-
tee In carriages. Theatrical * - «I
GENERAL INFORMATION.
The parade will start at 10:30 a. m. sharp.
Fireworks and Concert In Alamo Square.
Grove and Steiner streets, from 8:30 to 10:30
p. m. '
Open-air. Concerts In Washington Square.
Jefferson Square and Columbia Square by
bands donated by the UNITED REPUBLICAN
LEAGUE. The following programme will be
rendered from 2 to 5 In each park: _
1 — March. "My Own United StatesXlZdwards
2 — Overture. "America" Moses
3 — Medley of Popular Airs. "The Climax"
...... •. Witmark
4 — Waltz. "Symphla" ' Holzmann
5 — Intermexzo. "Maxeppa" Schwart*
6 — Wet Promenade, "A Lucky Duck"
H. Whitney
7 — Excerpts from "The Wizard ot Ox"...
Paul Tietjen*
8 — Patrol. "The Blue and the- Gray"....Dalby
9 — March "The Pet of the Army" Gea Rosey
10 — Intermezzo. "Hiawatha" ...........Moret
11 — Overture, "Curtain Raiser" *mlth
12 — Tropical Dance. "Lollta." Morens
13 — Ma*ch. "Blaze Away" Holzmana
14 — "Star Spangled - Banner" ..... .......
PROGRAMME.
Literary and Musical Exercises at Al&amtita
Theater at 2 ' p. m.
1— Overture Orchastra
, 2 — Invocation Rev. F. D.~ Bova.nl
3 — "The Star Spangled Banner"
Mm*. Ellen Coursen-Roeckel and Chorus
j 4 — Reading of Declaration of Independence
Mayor Eugene E. Schmiu
&— Music Orchestra
6 — Oration Hon. Frank J. Sullivan
(Orator of the Day).
7— Song Mis* Annie Rooney
8— "Th» Flower of Liberty"
;;;••%; <o . llv *S w «dell Holmes)
Miss Bertha Clark.
S — "America" (the audience will pl«as« rii«
• and join In - the - singing).
10— Music Orchestra
11— Benediction Rev. J. P. UcQualda
JEREMIAH DEAST. Chairman.
O. B. BENHAM. Secretary. .
J. A. VAUQHAN. Assistant Sfccwtary.
Studebaker vehicles are
above criticism,
| because they
/dillLisfe* ? rc cq . ualIy pcr '
|-^j|=£pqa||g& feet _ in . every
Studebaker Pros. Qx
_.__ CUTLERY!
EVER^BLAIORRRANTED
EVERYWOMAN
j ** totere » ted *«>d should know
*bout the wonderful
. J^m MARVEL SH8K«°
•WW^qSas! Bcst-Safest-Most Con-
•^^5S»S^^# '¦¦'>.' / ,^* Iastaatljr.
Aik rottr (Jmulsl f«r IL ' \ . ($L._ '^Z^^~
If he cannot »opply tha \l ff%f '• ¦>• •, .
MARVKIm accept no • \ ¦ «£j>-J
other, but lend stamp fcr fllus. \-.. M»Z/'<^7^
tr»t-<1 hook— «-»l*<l. I: giv" fill! \^ I ''''''X^
particular! an* flireitwr* inntuabls C«. / ,a
•oUdie- M.lBVKIi ff.. M
Room 203. Times Viz.. New York. *>«ii$[£3F
j«