FAMOUS JAPANESE 'WARRIOR. THE RUSSIAN REPRESENTATIVE AT
- SEOUL. AND SCENES IN. THE FAR EAST, .WHERE PREPARATIONS
FOR WAR ARE GOING FORWARD APACE.
British Press Believes the Advantage in
War Would Lie With the Japanese.
Russian Warships Are Moving.
PORT SAID, Egypt, Oct. 12.— The - Rus
sian battleship Czarevlch and the Russian
armored cruiser "Ballan arrived here (to
day, bound for Chinese waters. The
Czarevlch proceeded to-day.
Must Study German History.
BERLIN, Oct. 12— The Wielkoplinlng,
published in Posen, ' says the Govornment
has Informed Archbishop ; Stabiewskis that
it Is . necessary, that the -students . for the
priesthood In the seminary 1 at Posen -must
attend * lectures on] German '« history 'and
literature " m in . the '; new academy, - otherwise
the seminary wm be closed..
"His attention having been called to a
certain unauthorized statement attributed
to him that the public utterances of the
Japanese people are all . in favor . of war
with Russia, Mr. Gogoro : Takahira, the
Japanese Minister, states that while there
is some disquiet due to the unsettled state
of affairs which has existed so long* in
the Far East, it seems that It has .been
aggravated more recently bythe unfound
-ed rumors retarding military^ arid naval
movements in certain quarters, but. in his
judgment the Intelligent section of the
Japanese public has been 1 generally calm
and collected up to 'the", present juncture,
as they know" that the" matter ..Mfes, been
for some time in the hands 'of responsible
parties of ' Japan and : Russia , and : that
they have been negotiating with a . view
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— Aside from
extensive military preparation by both
nations, the Japanese legation here is not
advised that either Russia or Japan has
as yet committed any act of- war. The
Japanese Minister Is being kept constant
ly advised by cablegrams from Tokio of
the situation, and, realizing Its gravity,
he is moving with great caution. The
negotiations between Russia and Japan,
according to his advices, are still in pro
gress, and there is hope of a diplomatic
settlement of the questions at issue. The
Minister to-day authorized ¦ the following
statement:
AMERICA HOLDS ALOOF.
Eeoent Treaty "With China Protects
This Country's Interests.
The Morning Post; which. up to.thie pres
'ent ¦ time \ has* been inclined ¦ to re'gard ; the
dispatches!: of own- correspondent fkt
Chefu - as i alarmist, ' is now, laying fstress
on < the '; popular} feeling ' f oW war j In -* Japan
and the ¦< fait i that ;Japanese statesmen
must recognize that' they have nothing
-The Daily Mail believes that under'pfes
ent conditions ; Japan has i a slight I advan
tage, .which ¦ will ; pass from her : next' yeari
a fact which makes war now. more prob
able^ "I 1 *" ¦ ..
JAPAN HAS AN AD VANTAGE.
All: London papers this morning display
prominently, the news bearing ' on' the" Far
Eastern situation and 'several Sprint : arti
cles descriptive -of : the relative strength
of; Janan and Russia. ' The Dally • Tele
graphy follows a tabulated statement . of
the strength of the Russian and Japanese
fleets ibv, a inote .'to the effect' that, '.all
considered, the two" countries' naval pow-'
er Is '¦ fairly : evenly matched, but that ; the
higher. iritelllgencejof -the Japanese, their
capacity of „ endurance and, ; above fall;
the magnificent patriotism . which ani
mates every; man and In tHe hour of need
doubles his -fighting strength,*- will ; tell. , :
the markets. No official • cor
roboratlon of war rumors has been^ re
ceived. In. fact, it was stated at. the N For r ;
eign Office that no communication ' had
been received from : . the Far East * in \ two
days.. In some quarters this was held to
be a good . sign, but, on tlie other < hand,
it is remembered , that the British depart
ment was left without' news Just prior to
the-Boxer outbreak : in China. ...
-&*¦ ONDON, Oct. .13.— Rumors, of
B imminent war between Russia
• g. and - Japan were current ; in
M .,. , London yesterday and iritensi
™ ,fled the < existing depression in
' . , ¦ ' ¦ ':¦ ': v>- ¦¦• '
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
War Rumors Depress
the Markets in
London.
regarding recent developments and ru
mors of war over Manchuria. v .
As has often 'been pointed .out, the
United States has no cause of protest be
cause Russia has failed to keep her
pledges that she would evacuate Manchu
ria on October 8. . The interest 'of the
United States in Manchuria is covejed by,
the recent treaty between China' and this
country. If Manchuria becomes annexed
to Russia or continues under Russian con
trol the United States "will. Insist that the
provisions of the treaty be carried out,
especially as Russia assented to Its pro
visions previous to its being signed^ '•
It is believed here thai an understand
ing exists between Germany and Russia
in regard to operations in Manchuria, and
that no protest nor even disapproval will
be expressed by Germany over any.course
Russia may pursue in China. France Is
apparently disinterested, and. Great Brit
ain is believed to be the only, country
that Is vitally interested and opposed to
the course of Russia in Manchuria. /
At the Russian embassy the officials are
not alarmed over the situation in the Far
East. The view held there is that neither
Russia* nor: Japan desires^ war,' .though
both may be making preparations to that
end, and that there is , really, no question
at issue which | cannot be solved without
recourse to arms, provided the negotiating
parties are 1 disposed ~; to use '¦ diplomacy
rather than the sword. The embassy has
received no advices from St. Petersburg
in more than two weeks. ,V.
BERLIN, Oct. 12.— The relations between
Japan and Russia have reached a crisis,
according to the official view here. The
exact nature of the diplomatic exchanges
between the two governments that
brought about the present intensity ap
pears to be unknown at the legations of
the two countries here or at the German
legations in St. Petersburg and Tokio, al
though it is understood that Great Britain
is privy to Japan's movements.
BT. PETERSBURG. Oct. 12.—Signific
ance is attached here to the fact that the
Official Messenger and the Journal de St.
Petersburg print the Berlin Lokal An
zeiger's dispatch relating to the move
ment of the Russian fleet and the possible
coincident landing of Russian and Japa
nese troops in different parts of Korea.
Several newspapers publish reviews of
Japan's military and naval strength.
Minister, has been appointed chief assist
ant to the military staff. The Premier
will assume General Kodama's portfolio.
The Premier and the Ministers of War,
Navy and Foreign Affairs had a simul
taneous audience with the Emperor to
day. Baron von Rosen, the Russian Min
ister, and Baron Kumura, the Japanese
Foreign Minister, have not yet had a con
ference.
So far as known only two lives were
lost. George Nixon and a companion, em
ployed on E. H. Harriman's estate at
Arden. when driving home from Central
Valley, were overtaken* by the flood and
drowned.
TUXEDO PARK. N. Y.. Oct. 12.— The
Ramapo ri\-er. after rising higher than
ever before, bo far as existing records
show, and sweeping away many Email
dams, several bridges and houses and a
section of the Erie Railroad track, is now
slowly subsiding, and the Tuxedo dam,
which, it was feared, could not with
stand tl - flood, is considered safe.
Two Employes of E. H. Harriman
Perish Near Arden, New York.
OVERTAKEN BY THE FLOOD.
The schooners Isabella Gill. Mary Lee
Patton and Jennie Thomas, bound from
the Bouth for Baltimore, are not account
ed for, and there is grave reason to fear
for the safety of these vessels.
The tug Buccaneer, Captain Lane, re
ports that the barge Oracle foundered
off Cape Henry with Captain Cookson,
her cook and three seamen, all white.
Observer A. W. Drinkwater of the Cur
rituck reached Norfolk to-day by the in
land route and reported the loss of the
schooners Mabel Rice and J. W. Holden
Thursday and Friday. The life-savers had
seen the Rice about 2 p. m. on Saturday,
with her crew In the rigging, but 6he
was then two miles out at sea and noth
ing could be done for her. At 4 o'clock
the life-«avcrs had succeeded in stretch
ing a line across the wreck and rescued
the captain and crew of seven men. It
is estimated that the cargo of lumber car
ried by the schooner Rice was worth more
than $50,000.
The three-masted schooner J. B. Holden
of Suffolk is ashore near False Cape, Va.,
and Is a total loss. Her" captain, W. O.
Cranmer of Suffolk, and her crew were
taken off by the life-savers. The Holden
was "heavily laden with lumber, and at
tempts to save at least a portion of the
cargo will be made.
NORFOLK, Va.. Oct. 12.— The first news
from the Carolina coast since the begin
ning of the hurricane last night dispels
the hepe that the treacherous shoals be
tween Currituck and Hatteras have not
claimed their quota of missing craft.
Two vessels are known to have been lost
on that stretch of the coast and further
reports are expected to bring news of
more wrecks, as at this time three
schooners are missing, with one barge.
CEEWS LOST WITH SCHOONERS.
Late Reports Add to Disasters on the
Virginia Coast.
Incoming steamers from European and
coastwise ports to-day reported ext«mely
etormy weather during the last three
days. The steamer City of Savannah, wiTn
fifty-four passengers, came into port with
*l heavy list caused by h^r cargo shifting.
Heavy seas broke over her bridge. The
forward ventilators were swept away in
the storm, deadlights were smashed in
and the water poured into the saloon.
TrafSc was resumed during the day on
all the railroad lines entering New York,
with the exception of the local service on
the main line of the Erie. The milk fnm
ine in the city was broken by the arrival
of the usual number of milk trains on
th* West Shore, New York Central, L-ack
uwar.na and oth«r roads.
To-rJght the water is reported to have
fallen four feet below the highest mark
and the only possible source of damage
would be the bursting of the great water
mains, which were undermined by the
flood. The distress continues great and
to-night fully 500 persons were still com
pelled to seek food and shelter in the ar
mory. No additional fatalities were re
ported throughout the day.
In Passalc the damage is estimated to
be at least equal to that in Paterson.
Many adjacent villages still were under
water to-day, but ¦with the falling of tlie
waters all danger of a collapse of the
great Dundee dam was declared to be
past.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— With the reports
of receding floods received to-day from
all quarters, Paterson. Passaic and tSe
other water-swept towns of New Jersey
are relieved cf further peril and are be
ginning now to get a clear idea of the
extent of the devastation.
In Paterscn alone the damage to prop
erty Is estimated at $2,000,000, without tak
ing Into account the loss in wages to the
thousands who have been temporarily
deprived of occupation by shutting down
of factories.
Traffic Slowly Resumed on
the Roads Entering
New York.
"For his own part. Mr. Takahlra said,
he hopes for the best, because the situ
ation is not without 'indication so far
that the Russian Government Is candidly
disposed for a settlement of the question
with Japan, and therefore so long as the
negotiations are proceeding with reason
able prospect of a result honorable to
Japan there is no reason to be overanx
ious now."
The reyresentatlves of this Government
In the capitals of Russia, Japan and China
have not advised the State Department
to arriving at an understanding between
them.
FOKOHAMA, Oct. 12.— The an
nouncement by M. Lessar, the
Russian Minister to China, that
the Manchurian convention be
tween Russia and China has
lapsed is received here with
ridicule.
Dispatches from Chefu report that a
Russian warship and a transport with 500
troops left Port Arthur on October 4 for
Korea. Sixty Japanese civilians left Port
Arthur on October 10 for Nagasaki.
The Russian forces at Newchwang are
reported to have been increased.
General Kodama, the Chinese Home
Distress of the Home
less Kesidents Is
Great
Russian Soldiers Embark at
Port Arthur for Korea.
Waters Receding
From Inundated
Cities.
70KI0, Oct. i3w— 'Japan will unflinchingly uphold its Monroe doctrine," said a high - official of 'the
Mikado's Government to-day. When asked precisely what that doctrine meant the official said:
"Any infringement of the political or territorial integrity of . Korea by a foreign nval that involves
che ultimate destruction of our country cannot be tolerated. I do not think any Japanese statesman, cer
tainly none occupying a position of authority, ever affirmed, either openly or privately, that Japan is likely, to.
be called on to go to war to dispossess Russia of Manchuria. .To be sure we should be easier in our minds and
should entertain higher regard for Russian diplomatic probity if the St. Petersburg Government were to march
its troops out of China. Manchuria, however, is not necessarily a matter of life or death, as we can live and
grow without its passing back into the hands of China.
"With Korea it is different. That country must either remain independent or else become Japanese. For
that principle we fought China, and that principle we cannot relinquish, though the Muscovite forces us to war.
"Our people are eager to take any risk they deem necessary for the nation's honor and existence. - Happily
they cannot compel premature action. The prerogative of declaring war and making peace rests with the Em
peror, whose enlightened mind and cool judgment are, perhaps, Japan's most valuable possession.
"Moreover, his Majesty's advisers are not only men of conservative principle, but also men who are aware
of the vast potentialities of the Muscovite power. Hence war will come upon the hands of Japan only when
Russia, discarding diplomatic artifice, begins to throw considerable bodies of troops across Yalu River."
FLOOD LOSS
IS FIGURED
IN MILLIONS
JAPAN PROMULGA TES "MONROE DOCTRINE" AFFECTING KOREA
AND ENCROACHMENT BY RUSSIA MEANS DECLARATION OF WAR
¦:- PARIS,' Oct. 13.--The Figaro this morn
ing" publishes an, interview with KurinoT
the Japanese Minister, here, on ' the sub-
EMBASSADOR • IS ; OPTIMISTIC.
.The Russian correspondents of the same
paper send quotations from newspaper ar
ticles pointing to Russia's Intention to re
main in occupation of Manchuria, and
add that It is reported - f rbm ' Vladivostok
that, as a result of famine in China, "rov
ing "bands .of Chinese have crossed into
Manchuria, where » their; presence consti
tutes a "danger to* the Manchurian Rail
way, and that: this . necessitates keeping
Russian .troops In Southern ' Manchuria
for'an indefinite period. .
' ; A; dispatch. from Moscow to the Times,
dated October 10, states that a large force
of; Russian troops, under orders for the
Far East.'- is ; now 'on its ' way thither by
rail f rom ' Kharkoff.* ¦¦
chief on [the China station. Vice Admiral
Noel Is. an officer of . great energy and
decision. ; It was he who cleaned the
Turkish troops out of Crete because of
an insult to the British flag.
The t Tokio . correspondent of the .Times
telegraphs that the appointment of Gen
eral Kodama as chief assistant to the mil
itary staff is regarded with general satis
faction at this critical period.
Chefu, the source of the latest alarming
news. Is several hundred miles from Ma
sampho. so ue reports of Japanese mili
tary movements there are likely to be a
repetition of similar stories circulated last
week, which later accounts minimized,
While refusing to credit the reports of;
an ultimatum having " been delivered.
Baron Hayashi admitted that the diplo
matic situation had changed since Oc
tober 8 and that a complication may hava
arisen 'from the failure of the Russians to
fulfill their engagement to evacuate Man
churia on that day. He. however, had
heard nothing from his Government on
the : subject.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Deprecating the ru
mors of a Japanese ultimatum to Russia.
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Minister to
Great Britain. In an interview to-day
said he had no information of such a
character, adding that had Japan taken
this . action "the A»glo-Japanese treaty
would have necessitated my being imme
diately notified." so that he might inform
the Eritish Government.
The Foreign Office says It has no con-*
flrmation of the reports of Japanese mili
tary movements at Maaampho. Japan
has a special settlement covering 650 acres
at Chaponpo, near Masampho, granted to
her toy Korea In November, 1901, as aa
offset to the settlement at Masampho pre
viously granted to Russia by Korea.
In spite of the reassuring statements at
the Foreign Office and Hayashi.
the frequent reiteration* that hostilities
between Russia and Japan are imminent,
the mysterious movements of the Rus
sian and Japanese Ceets and the state of
public opinion in 'Japan are beginning to
cause disquiet In Great Britain, which,
by reason of her alliance with Japan, Is
Intimately concerned in any action which
the latter may take In the Far Easti
Only the most sanguine persons believe
that in the event of hostilities the clash
could be kept within limits which. would
free Great Britain from her obligation to
support her Japanese ally. Even Baron
Hayashi, who has heretofore ridiculed all
rumors of war, is not so optimistic to
day. .; Indirectly he admits the possibility;
of war -by expressing the hope > that in
the event of a crisis Japan will have the
active sympathy of her ally. Great Brit
ain.*
Public Men Fear Nation "Will Ba
Drawn Into th* Struggle.
DISQUIET IN GBEAT BRITAIN"
It is said there was a conspiracy to ob
tain the insurance money. Earl Ellsworth
and two prominent citizens of Woodstock
being involved, and that young Ells
worth's alleged conversation with his
supposed friends, who claimed to be help
ing him to avoid impending arrest, leaves
open 1 to grave question the statement that
the killing of Anderson and Mrs. Ells
worth was by the elder Ellsworth.
ject of the dispatch to the Frankfurter
Zeitung from Shanghai to the effect that
Japanese had occupied ilasampho and
that an official declaration of war Is ex
pected. Kurlno said the source of th«
dispatch was suspicious, as Shanghai wa3
notoriously the originating point of bogus
news. He personally had not received
any confirmation of the report. He con
tinued:
"Moreover, my Government's last com
munications were wholly pacific. For the
present, at least, our diplomatic relations
with Russia are cordial and no tension
exists between the two governments.
whatever certain foreign newspapers may
say. I am inclined to thinx that the dis
patch was a speculative maneuver." .
An insurance company, however, being
liable for 5600 insurance which the eldef
Ellsworth carried, decided to Investigate
further. The talk which young Ellsworth
had with the detectives and which was
overheard by witnesses secreted In an ad
joining room is said to have cleared Ells
worth's mother of the charge of faith
lessness and to have left open to doubt
the statement that the- elder Ellsworth
killed himself.
¦ Eighteen months ago. at Woodstock,
111., Benjamin Ellsworth, Earl's father,
finding his wife in company with Amos
Anderson, shot and killed both, and then,
according to Earl Ellsworth, who gava
the police the story, the old man com
mitted suicide. Earl admitted having ad
vised his father to kill the couple and at
the time was arrested as an accessory,
but was allowed to go. public sentiment
generally being in his favor.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Earl Ellsworth,
aged 24 years, was arrested here to-day
as the result of an alleged confession
which detectives obtained by pretending
to be his friends.
Prisoner's Father and Mother
Numbered Among His
Alleged Victims.
Pose as Friends and
Gain Accused Man's
Confidence.
Detectives Lure a
Suspect Into Con
fessing.
FACES TRIAL
FOR A SERIES
OF MURDERS
, Inquiry in - Japanese , banking, , shipping:
and * commercial houses in ' ; London,* how?
ever,, elicited 'exDresslons of 'disbelief in
!the*outbreak ; of i,war.;^,;, ..
* It Jsriotewofthy 1 that the" King has 'just
approved" the - appointment ; of r'Adr;
miral ? Sir ¦ Gerald Noel as commander-* in
The. peculiar, official explanation of > the
postponement of^the Czar's visit to Rome ',
"owing to ;. circumstances over . which' he
has no control," is interpreted In some
quarters to mean; that the', threatening
outlook . In Far Eastern affairs calls? for
the Czar's . presence * In ~ Russia. ¦
EUSSIAN •OFFICEBS RECALLED;
3 A" dispatch to* the' Dally Mail from Kobe,
October .12,*? reports; that .trie situation : is
somewhat, easier,^ but that ."the tone 'of
the press Is distinctly,. bellicose, t while the
same - paper's .-•¦ correspondent at ; Geneva
says t that several Russian . officers * there
have been -suddenly recalled to' join- their
regiments, v. ,-. .. '."•.
; Other special dispatches' describe ;Rus
sian j.war. preparations. - ,Tha" greatest at
tentioni is paid to the; changed tone of
Baron* Hayashi, the Japanese Minlster.ln
London, who is much Ies3 confident- that
"peace '; will .' be preserved . than, he .was -a
week'ago^. " "'-'. :','¦'¦'¦.. '. J ., :
to gain by. waiting, while to' Russia every
month means ' a ¦ possible Increase ; of ¦ her
strength ; In the : Far East: "..'¦ ¦ •'•.:".
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO,* TUESDAY:, OCTOBER 33, 19D3.
PRECB FIVE CENTS,
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 135.BERLIN, Oct. 12.— A duel with pistols
was fought ' on u the parade grounds vat
Schellerhau yesterday, between Lieutenant
Scheiner ; 'of - the Fifty-seventh
arid^Lleutenant*,. Rauchfleish : of "the "•¦ re-
; serves. T,, One, ,of the ¦ combatants; was dan
jgerously: wounded, „
Fight a Duel With Pistols.
VICTORIA. B., C., Oct. 12.— The wreck
of the schooner Wlshkah, which ; capsized
in .the' straits of San; Juan de* Fuca'j'on
Monday last, has been founds at Beachy
Bay/ near Victoria,-; by. Indiana, who have
towed it In [ and secured : it. ; ; The schooner
was bound ; from Aberdeen . to Seattle
when wrecked. ; \ : •: ,
Indians Find Wrecked Schooner.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— A cablegram
received to-day from . Commander Hub
bard,: commanding, the- Nashville, dated
Colon yesterday, stated that her had'vis
ited the Island of St. Andrews I and found
the ; situation • there ¦ quiet. .The Nashville
was sent there i to ' Investigate » the j alleged
Ill-treatment off certain J. Americans "em
ployed ' on one of the ? plantations on the
island, - ._^
Quiet on ; St.' Andrews Island.
Killed by an Accidental Explosion.
TITUSVILLE. Pa.. Oct. 12.-Ad.im Cup
ler Jr., president of the -firm of Adam
Cuplcr Jr. & Co., manufacturers of nltro-
Blvcerin and oil well supplies, was killed
In East Titusville to-day by the accidental
explosion of ten quarts of high explosive.
Mrs. Hutton Withdraws Suit.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 12.— The suit for divorce
brought by Inez Sexton Hutton against
her husband. Police Commissioner H. W.
Hutton of San Francisco, was to-day dis
missed on the motion of Thomas D. Rior
dan, attorney for - the plaintiff. RIorda'n
was two weeks ago substituted for D.M.
Delmas and A. H. Jarman as attorney
for Mrs. Button.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. • Ait
<lrufrgi£t8 refund the niiairy If It falls to cure.
£. w. Grove's sigoatura lo pa eacb box. 25c, «
Young Girl Is Killed by Automobile
BERLIN, Oct. 12.— Professor Sonnen
berg, the most noted appendicitis special
ist in Germany, while automobillng. in
Thuringia with his wife, 'son and two
daughters J ranv Into > a party out , walking
and killed .the < daughter of a local mag
nate,; Heir Roediger. . Mrs. • Sonnenberg
was' seriously hurt. .,;
Detectives Identify Train Robbers.
LINCOLN. Neb., Oct. 12.-St. Joseph
detectives tc-day at the penitentiary here
positively identlJled photographs of John
King, Charles Rain and George Sveras
the men now in Jail at Beatrice, charged
with holding up a Burlington passenger
train near Amazonia. Mo., two weeks
ago. as those of the alleged robbers. The
detectives have gone to Beatrice to make
the identification complete.
LEXINGTON, S. C, Oct. 12.—Argu
ments to the jury in the trial of J. H.
Tillman were begun at the convening of
court to-day, three attorneys for; the
State and two for the defense addressing
the jury during ¦ the seven hours court
was in session. Four attorneys," two on
a side, are to be heard to-morrow. A
larger crowd of spectators was inattend
ance to-day than there has been for. sev
eral days past and there was a greater
number of ladles in attendance. / Mrs. J.'
H. Tillman and the mother or the de
fendant were present, as they have been
almost continually during the trial, and
were attentive listeners.
Arguments Begin in Tillman Case.
BERLIN, Oct. 12.— Prince and Princess
Andrew; of Greece, who .were married at
Darmstadt j October, 7. are now at j Heili
genberg Castle, , near, Jugenheim. They
start next week automobillng, to Athens
in the machine given to « them ;. by the
Czar. V The ; Prince and Princess will go
leisurely through Austria,- Montenegro and
Macedonia and will 'be followed -by ; an
automobile with - their, baggage and serv
ants. The wedding presents 'are valued
at a million dollars. The Czar's gifts in
Jewels amounted to $125,000.
RECEIVE WEDDING GIFTS
WORTH MILLION DOLLARS
Prince and Princess Andrew of Greece
Are Presented With Many
Costly Jewels. . /
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Oct.. 12. — Three
men were killed and^ three others were
injured, one seriously, , In a collision be
tween Missouri Pacific arid Frisco freight
trains In 1 the switchyards in this city to
night. The dead:
A. L. JOHNSON, Missouri \ Pacific
switchman. ..' -• ¦
JOHN MURPHY, Missouri Pacific
switchman. .
GEORGE KIRKPATRICK, flagman.
The Injured: -Will' Austin,' negro; R.H.
Brant, Missouri Pacific \ engineer; J.\ Ed
ward.' ',.' * ' : ;;. .-¦; v;:.;. ?;: "'
The Frisco train was , standing on ; the
crossing when the Missouri Paciflc train
ran Into It; turning over a freight ( car.
This car fell over on a crowd, of men on
the ; other side -of the Frisco 'train, who
were waiting for the Frisco train to pass
and clear; the crossing. , ¦-,-¦* ;-' :
Three Men Are Killed in Kansas City
Switchyards and Three Others '- -
¦ V Injured. .
FREIGHT TRAINS CRASH
TOGETHER ON A CROSSING
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.-An escort of
native mounted soldiers which accom
panied a party of Europeans from Fez
was attacked on returning forty miles
from Tangier and robbed of everything
pay* a Times dispatch from Tangier
Two of the soldiers were wounded
Five Moorish soldiers were murdered
last week by tribesmen between Tetuan
and Tangier.
Fighting between the Gharb and Beni-
HaKsan tribes has completely devastated
the whole of the former's district.
Set Upon the Visitors a Short Dis
tance From Tangier and Rob
Them of Everything.
TRIBESMEN MAKE ATTACK
ON PARTY OF EUROPEANS
BILBAO, Spain, Oct. 12.— As a result of
the ' collision- yesterday between So
cialists engaged in a demonstra
tion >, and a body of J. Clericals
sev*en persons were killed and j thirty
three were wounded, some of the latter
fatally," Including the manager of the Pu
eblo, a newspaper. -Among the wounded
are Superior Louis . Dautf e ¦ of the - Chris
tian Brothers' School. Revolvers were
fired from the Catholic Club and from
the windows of the Church of St. Nicho
las. . The vicar of , that church was ar
rested on the charge of shooting several
Socialists and a number of other priests
were arrested charged with instigating
riots. The anti-Clericals threw a priest
into the river.
and Thirty-Three Received Se
• rious Injuries.
Seven Persons Are Shot and Killed
SOCIALISTS AND CLERGY
RIOT AT TOWN OF BILBAO
At the opening of the hearing Strauss
announced that the engagements "of
Mahon and himself at the meeting of the
Civic Federation in Chicago would neces
sitate an adjournment of a week after to
day, and Llvernash then asked for an im
mediate adjournment that the continuity
of his argument on a motion to strike
from the evidence previously taken In
San Francisco all testimony regarding the
rate of wages and cost of living In cities
other than San Francisco might not be
interrupted. The meeting accordingly was
adjourned after an Interval of fifteen
days between the written arguments had
been agreed upon.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— The commission
sitting in the arbitration proceedings be
tween the United Railroads of San Fran
cisco, the corporation controlling most of
the street railway lines of San Francisco,
and its employes embraced in Division
No. 203 of the Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employee, held a brief
session here to-day and after fixing the
time for the filing of written arguments
adjourned until October 20.
The commission Is composed of Patrick
Calhoun of New York, commissioned by
the company; W. D. Mahon of Detroit,
international president of the Amalga
mated Association of Street Railway Em
ployes ot America, named by the cm
plcyes, and Oscar Strauss of New York r
formerly United States Minister to Tur
key, selected by both.
The question to be arbitrated is thtt
of wages, the employes asking a wage
schedule of 33V4 cents per hour for a
nine-hour day. Congressman E. J. Liver:
nash of California appeared for the em
ployes and A. A. Moore for the company.
NEW YORK, Oct, 12— The Bellevue
Hospital doctors, accustomed to sad
fccrnes, have been startled by the self
tacrifice ehown by John Conroy. a laborer
whose back was broken by a fall received
while at his work. Conroy was taken to
the hospital and upon being asked for
hi* address and that of his neareet friend
told the doctor* his mother was seriously
111 and that should sbe learn of his ac
cident she undoubtedly would die. Finally
ho cave an address, but it proved to be
fictitious. His Bister and the dying mother
were much alarmed at his non-appear
ance and finally the former began the
rounds of the hosDitals. At Bellevue the
Bearch was rewarded, but she had ar
rived too late. Her brother had passed
away a few minutes before she arrived.
GEEAT SELF-SACRIFICE
IS SHOWN BY DYING MAN
B«fuses to Give His Address so That
His Mother Might Not Learn
of His Condition.
Arbitrators in United
Railroads Case Hold
Brief Session.
FIX THE TIME
FOR ARGUMENTS
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 12—De-Dite In
timations which have come from Post
office Department officials to the effect
that the investigation of the scandal has
been about completed, it is learned to
night that the President has given orders
for Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
Bristow and the inspectors to continue
their inquiry into every division where
there has been a chance for wrongdoing.
The President is not only determined that
the investigation shall be thorough, but
will take pains to let it be Known that
every branch of the postal service has
been cleaned. *
It Is announced that the order from
the White House to continue the probing
cannot be taken as an - indication' that
the President is dissatisfied with the work
already performed. This, he believes, has
been welUdone, but he wishes it to con
tinue to other, branches. Some criticism
has been made of the investigation be
cause thus far it has only achieved cer
tain results. While the administration
feels that the criticism is unfounded the
position now taken by the President will
put an end to all gossip of that character.
It may not be that , any. inore indict
ments will be reported, but . it . is said
that a continuation of the investigation
will expose many , methods i use'd by cer
tain employes which,' though not crim
inal, will result in wholesale discharges
from' the service. It is said that the at
tention of inspectors has Deen called to
a number of cases in the West which will
be 'investigated.
The new order from the White House
will -have '., the effect, It 18 believed, of
strengthening the administration and les
sening the chance of political cupital be
ing made of the postoffice case. It| is.
said the President remarked ;at a meet
ing T that the administration had the in
vestigation on its hands and should com
plete it bo that no other party could ever
find anything to do.
Special Dispatch to The Call
President Orders That
Every Department
Be Probed.
POSTAL INQUIRY
MUST CONTINUE
This change, the department: shows, Is
brought about largely by. the decrease of
mortality In . the - summer. Care 1$ ; the
greatest life-saver. -
An 'improved milk supply, the anti-toxin
treatment of diphtheria and other causes often
cited to account . for the decrease of infant
mortality are equally inadequate and the .. de
partment is disposed to attach more impor
tance to.- the education of mothers 'In tha
hygiene of the young. .The efforts of women's
clubs and. similar: organizations In this educa
tion , have been steadily growing ¦ during ¦ all
this period of decreasing infant mortality, and
It . is believed ¦? this Is . the principal : factor ¦ in
giving the ' baby a better chance for lfe.
In 1891 there were 8208 deaths of infants
less ; than 1 year of age. In 1902 there
were 0144 infant deaths. jlgft
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— The death rate of
Chicago infants less than 1 year of age
has decreased 60.1 per" cent since 1891. The
death rate of persons of allages has de
creased 39.2 per cent in the eamc' twelve
years. The statements are made in the
weekly bulletin' of the Health Department.
Speaking of the causes favorable to pre
vention of infant mortality, the bulletin
says:
Health Officials Believe Improved
Conditions Are Due to the
¦ Women's Clubs.
DECREASE OF MORTALITY
_ AMONG CHICAGO INFANTS
"The situation in Canada, where there
is a transcontinental line, Is different.
There it is a British Government war
measure to have a railroad, over whloh
troops can be rushed from dcean to ocean,
and there is no territory crossed by com
peting lines such as a transcontinental
line would go through here."
Stubbs says the aggregate expenditures
of all the companies will be greatly in
creased by appropriations for work now
under way, and is more than the total
estimated expenditures for the comple
tion of the Panama canal. Despite the
fact that more than $46,000,000 has been
spent in the past three years for new lo
omotives and cars, the volume of traffic
to-day Is greater than the facilities of the
Harrlman lines for handling it. This is
especially true of the Southern Paciflc.
The. Union Paciflc. is perhaps In the best
shape so far as equipment is concerned,
but it has no surplus of cars or engines.
The traffic and operating officials of the
Harriman system have been conferring
recently as to the methods to* be em
ployed to get the best results possible
from the vast expenditures which have
been made for, equipment. Having spent
so many millions in reducing grades and
curves, for engines of increased power
and cars of large capacity, Harriman ex
pects the traffic operating officials to
pull together, properly assort the traffic
and have It moved so far as possible In
full cars both ways, as well as in full
trainloads. A standard has been adopted
for all equipment to be used '.by the Har
riman lines, that there may be no trouble
or delay In the Interchange of cars with
through trains.
Talk of an Erle*Alton-UnIon Paciflc
deal, by . which a transcontinental line
would come Into being, was revived in
Wall street to-day, but the story met
with denials from men In a position to
know If anything of the sort were pend
ing. One man said that the establishment
of such a line would be neither wise 'nor
good for the railroad business. He added:
ment for the Harriman railroad
system, according to an official estimate
made by J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of
the system. The estimate shows that of
this amount $26,369,009 was expended on
the Union Pacific and $42,980,353 on the
Southern Pacific.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— More than
$104,000,000 has been spent within
the last three years upon better
ment, line changes and equip-
GENERAL TRAFFIC MANAGER OF THE HARRIMAN RAILROADS, WHO
HAS PREPARED ESTIMATES SHOWING THE 1 ENORMOUS SUMS
THAT HAVE BEEN EXPENDED ¦ IN IMPROVEMENTS.
Attacks Booker T. Washington.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Oct. 12.— At the
annual convention of the Illinois Civil
Rights, Protective League, which con
vened here to-day, former Representative
John G. Jones of Chicago, who la presi
dent of the association, made on address
attacking Booker T. Washington for fa
voring the recent constitutional amend
ments in the Southern States. John G.
Jones particularly objected to the educa
tional qualification clause and he demand
ed that the constitutional clause apply to
whites as well as blacks. Colored men
from all parts of the State are present.
¦ m ¦
COLUMBUS, O., Oct. 12.— Hugo Schulta.
manager of the. Western Engraving Company,
committed suicide by hanging himself last
night. Worry over financial matters was the
cause.
Roosevelt's Old Ranch. Is Sold.
BISMARCK, N.J D.. Oct. 12.— The old
Chimney Butte ranch, made famous as
the ranch established by President Roose
velt when he was a Bad Lands cattle
man, has been sold by the Northern Pa
cific to Ferris Bros, of Medora, It waa
at thl3 ranch that President Roosevelt
wrote some of his entertaining Western
sketches. Subsequently he located an
other ranch, known as the Elkhorn, forty
miles south of Medora. and from here he
outfitted for nearly all of hla hunting
trips.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 12.— The official lnspec
tlon party of the United States Steel Corpora
tion, headed by President Corey, reached Pltta
burg to-day, and Immediately began the in
spection of the Homestead. Duquesne. Brad
dock and MeKeesaort plant*. ,• -.% -
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Joseph Chamberlain
is now resting at Highbury, his residence
in Birmingham, and- is not engaged to
speak for another fortnight. ! He will util
ize the . interval to elaborate his scheme
and prepare a reply to the objections
raised by his opponents. Meanwhile the
fiscal campaign is being vigorously pur
sued In the country. Speeches wiM be de
livered daily, by political leaders, particu
larly of the Liberal party.
Chamberlain's reference to the tin plate
Industry has been strongly criticized, the
experts pointing out that though the trade
with the United States has decreased
.there Is a great" Increase In the number
of mills working ¦ in Great Britain, and
the trade is flourishing. -.
Sir John J. Jenkins, formerly Liberal-
Unionist member of Parliament for Car
marthen and chairman of the Swansea
Metal Exchange, Bpeaklng for the Swan
sea harbor trust to-night, said that the
alarmist reports as to the condition of the
tin trade were unwarranted. The first
nine months of the present year, com
pared with two years ago, showed an. in
crease of. 18,000 tons. No tin plate bars
had been imported since early in 1901,
proving that Wales was able "to compete
satisfactorily with the world and was able
to supply^ bars at a rate which gave no
encouragement to American "dumping."
Sir Henry Fowler, Liberal, addressed a
big and enthusiastic meeting to-night in
; St. Andrew's Hall, Glasgow, where Cham
! berlain began his fiscal campaign. Lord
: Tweedmouth presided, and Sir Henry
Fowler read a cordial letter from Lord
Rosebery sympathizing with the objects
of the meeting.
Sir Henry Fowler delivered a strong
free trade speech, declaring that the
country was stronger to-day than ever
before financially. He ridiculed Chamber
lain's contention of declining trade, and
asserted that the colonies needed no bribe
to keep within the empire. He had no
tears to waste on the iron and tin plate
trades, he said. Where one door was shut
on a British industry another was opened.
The country was well able to hold its own
In the present commercial struggle.
Austen Chamberlain, the new Chancel
lor of the Kxchequer, replying to a vote
of congratulation at Acocks Green,
Worcestershire, 'of his parliamentary con-^
stituency to-night, said he regretted that"
the new issues had lost the Government
some valued supporters, and declared j
himself in harmony with Balfour's prc-j
gramme as outlined at Sheffield. There
was a great danger,, he said, in compla
cently assuming that Great Britain's fis
cal policy needed no revision. He declared
that it was against all the canons of
sound finance that the Income tax, the na
tion's first reserve in time of war, should
stand at 11 pence in time of peace.
The younger Chamberlain announced
that the Government would not dissolve
until the lessons of the South African
War Commission report had been applied
and the War Office reorganized.
.The foregoing -interesting announcement
confirms the general Impression that it is
the Government's intention to meet Par
liament and proceed with business, leav
ing the fiscal problem alone as far as any
attempt at legislation Is concerned. This
idea is shared by James Bryce, M. P.,
who at Tunbridge Wells to-night ex
pressed the belief that there would be no ;
general -election until Chamberlain was ,
ready. The Government, he said, seemed
to be divided between the fear of Cham
berlain and the fear of the electorate.
Lord Stanley, the new Postmaster Gen
eral, in a speech at Bplton. declared him
self in favor of Balfour's Sheffield pro
gramme, but opposed Chamberlain's food,
taxing project.
Ritchie, late Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, has written a letter in explana
tion of his recent speech. He says: •
* Mr. Chamberlain proposed the retention of
the shilling grain tax in order that it might be
remitted in favor of Canada. It was not to the
retention of the tax that I objected, had my
colleagues desired it, but to the introduction of
a fundamental change of fiscal policy Involved
by preferential treatment.
¦ May I add that when I spoke of possible dif
ficulties between the United States and Canada
I was proceeding to say that the United States
might punish Canada by refusing free entrance !
to her harbors of | Canadian wheat, for ship
ment to Great Britain, if Canadian wheat en-
Joyed preference In our markets, but there was
bo much lnterrustlon that I was unable to
complete my sentence. Doubtless It would
have been better to use the word "penalize"
than "punish," but "I think had my sentence
been completed It would not have been open to
the , objections which have been made to that
portion of my speech. , •
The secret of Burfs success lies in his
extraordinary working capacity and his
intimate practical knowledge of railroad
work. He is a capable railroad engineer
as well as a manager, as the immense
task of straightening out the once
crooked right of way of the Union Pacific
will testify to. He leaves nothing to sub
ordinates. Every detail of the business
raeses directly through his hands. HIS
highest officials are mere factotems. Burt
5s everything from general manager to
train dispatcher. Every employe knows
that nothing he does or fails to do es
capes the vigilant attention of the "old
man," and no excuse for failure will be
accepted.
A quarter of a century of loyal service
to the road cuts no figure with the presi r
dent. His dealings with employes are on
a basis that admits of no sentiment, but
dollars and cents. Never in the history
of Western railroading, the experts say,
has so much work been done at so little
expense to the stockholders as on the
Union Pacific during the last four yeara.
That such a policy should Inspire an
tagonism followed as a matter of course.
The recent bollermakers' strike is noth
ing more than a symptom of this senti
ment The men had no grievance that
could not be adjusted In five minutes,
but they wanted to injure Burt. On the
ether hand Burt welcomed the oppor
tunity to rid the road of a class of em
ployes who had grown old in the ser
vice of the road so as to fill the places
with young men.
Burt Is as unique in his personal tastes
as in his management of a railroad. He
takes little recreation. His only fad is
music. He has a fair tenor voice and is
a passable performer on the flute. His
most notable characteristic Is his devotion
to his pianola. He was the first person
in Omaha to own one. Two have beeit
worn out and a third is in ser Ice. Two
pianos have succumbed to his powerful
manipulation in the last four years. He
is fond of entertaining friends at pianola
concerts. He Is a gracious entertainer at
home, tut his 6ocial elde Is a mystery al
the Union Pacific headquarters. As presi
dent of the road he never was known to
pmlle. His greatest antipathy is for
newspapers. No reporter ever inter
viewed him twice.
Among the men whom the great rail
road development of the last few years
has brought to the front President Burt
is at once a unique and prominent fig
ure. Few men holding responsible posi
tions present more striking characteris
tics than this grim, unsmiling autocrat,
under whose masterful rule the biggest
railroad system of the West has been re
organized and made a gold mine for its
stockholders.
OMAHA, Oct. 12.— The rumor in railroad
circles that Mr. Harrlman is about to
extend the authority of President Burt
of the Union Pacific Railroad over the
Southern Pacific la In striking contrast to
those that prevailed when Harrlman first
obtained control of the Union Paciflc a
Tew years ago.
At that time it was no secret that Burt
was not on the Harriman calling list. It
v.as believed by those closest to the New
York magnate that he would lose no time
in cutting the string connecting Presi
dent Burt with the Union Pacific sys
tem. If Harriman had such an intention
h«? was captivated before its execution by
the eplendid work done by President Burt
in reorganizing and improving the sys
tem. Harriman is not the sort of man to
allow personal inclinations to stand in the
way of business advantages.
80 11 occurred that while Harriman's
attitude was' chilly to the point of dis
courtesy; while he even went so far as
to neglect to notify the president of Ihe
l"nlon Pecif.e when he made a visit to
Omaha, he never found the man who
could do the required work better than
President Burt. ' So it came about that
President Burt remained and it is now
said by men close to the chief executive
or the Union Pacific that his authority
is to be extended and his prestige in
creased by the man who was at first be
lieved to be only too anxious to secure
his resignation.
Sjjeclal Diepatcb to The Call.
Rumor Has It That He Will
Take Charge cf Southern
Pacffia.
Galling of General Election
Will Await Chamberlain's
Pleasure. .
Union Pacific President
Likely to Be Given
More Power.
Balfour Government in
No Hurry to Attempt
,v -I Legislation.
FISCAL PROBLEM
TO LIE QUIESCENT
BURT'S ABILITY
WINS KARRIMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALX, TUESDAY, 'OCTOBER 13, 1903.
With Appropriations for Improvements New Under Way, the Aggregate Cost'
of Betterments Planned by the Railroad King Will Exceed the Estimate
of the Amount Necessary for the Completion of the Panama Canal
MORE THAN ONE HUNDRED MILLIONS
EXPENDED ON THE HARRIMAN LINES
2
COeOGCOOOO&Oeoe0000009QOOQOOOOOOOdGO£3000009a
1 _ _^ =_ = ,^_ o
© r\ Ui C3X j i
'„ f i'_-*i' ji^T A . * ' A^VsT s% 4 ft
i I Brvson I
I = , I 1 =_ •
• » •
1 FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL. 1
%y X r ~.'^ : ~* ** *' * ;^*!*nr «*-? zJ*^" ¦ IsbBEsbS^S ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦" *• ¦¦ * : ¦'¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦'- ¦ ¦-¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦- ¦ ¦ (y^feyff 1^^" ' j*^"v^i ; 'V<"*^ ¦""* ¦ ••^•'¦t "••¦¦¦¦•''¦•• ! '\i'j *yF
% ¦ ' : '*. ' - : - .:*> - •' '" °
§ , DEBUTANTh. 1
• TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL 8
2 . THE CALL g
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ ~—
! is tke stanoard Ameri~ I
| can brew; -bstaDiisn^ I
j ed m 1044. • 1 ledals |
1 conferred by leading I
3 governments or the r
i 11 TT1 1 1 1 %
| •world. I ne beer that s I
! always pure, nealtnrul^
I and delicious . |
i JL «&&>»!£/ JL^JLUI^ JLvlU kJVjHL* \\
\ 1 .,¦¦;-• -;<• "¦;¦ 1 <y \ I
I pleasing, palatable. 1
\ Orders filled by : £ c j j
1 Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149, |MARYSVILL.E, Oct. 12.— George Dennlson.
about 40 years of ase. was instantly killed this
afternoon by - betas ' "truck ' on • tho ¦ head by a
bocm i attached " to a derrick. A rope broke
under the heavy strain -and the boom. fell,
breaking - In ? two, one of the pieces striking
Dennlson.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 12.'— The
Dalljf^Palo Alto, the college newspaper \ pub
lished by the students of Stanford, announces
to-day the 'election of members of Its editorial
stafT as follows: Miss Kittle Trader '04. Palo
Alto: ' C. • M. : Hadley "06, , Whatcom. Wash. : H.
P. • BHtner 'OK. Albuquerque, N. Mex.;.C. O.
Atwood 'OS, Fernando.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Arthur Warren, a
youngr v man living In the suburb of Ber
win,' twelve miles from* this city, had a
narrow escape from Iychlng to-night, and
but. for the efforts of two policemen it is
possible that he would have been hanged
to a telegraph pole. .
Warren was accused of having attacked
an 8-year-old girl. He led the crowd; a
chase of about a mile before he was
caught, and during the run the excite-,
ment of the ' mob had increased. When
.Warren was captured he was handled
roughly, and a proposal to lynch him met
with approval. Two policemen, however,
managed to get him away from the crowd
and drag him Into aj grocery, where. they
barred > the door until assistance arrived
from the police station. .-
Alleged Assailant of a Little Girl
Has Narrow Escape in Chicago
Suburb.
POLICEMEN SAVE YOUNG
MAN FROM LYNCHERS
Grout Will Not Make Legal Fight.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12. — Controller
Grout has finally decided not to make a
legal contest to keep his name on the
fusion ticket as a candidate for re-elec
tion. Vv ' '¦ . ' *
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SHILED. "
Monday. October 12.
Stmr Del Norte, Green. Crescent City.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— 12 Midnight.
Fr ship Champlgny. from Newcastle. NSW.
The United States lighthouse eervice
costs $4,500,000 a year.
RICHMOND. Ky.. Oct. 12.— One of th«
five wills of the late Casslus M. Clay was
offered for probate In the County; Court
to-day. The will disinherited bis children
and all relatives except his former child
wife. Dora Brock, whom it nominated as
sole executrix. The other heirs Introduced
testimony to show that Clay was insane.
A motion to probate the will was over
ruled. An appeal has been taken to the
Circuit Court.
day's Will Is Not Probated.
TAX INCREASE
MAKES TROUBLE
SAN JOSE. Oct. 12.— For the first time
In Its history Santa Clara 'County has
to-day declined to receive State and
county taxes when due and payable.. ,
The reason for this Is that Auditor Mur
phy has been unable to complete the.re
vision of the assessment roll since the in
crease by the" State Board of Equaliza
tion for delivery "to the Collector within
the time prescribed by law.-;
The Auditor has a large extra' force
of clerks working day, and night and
hopes to deliver the books within a few
days. It will then take Collector January
some days to prepare his statements and
he does not expect to be able: to receive
taxes much before the first of the month.
Don't Miss This.
Gents' J3 shoes • for J2 25 at . ; Herman
Lesser's, 915 Market st., opp. Mason..*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— Justice Mc-
Kenna of the United States Supreme
Court and Mrs. McKenna to-day an
nounced the engagement of their daugh
ter. Miss Isabel McKenna. to Pitts Duf
field of New York.
Miss McKenna is the eldest of the three
handsome daughters of the family and
is a great belle. She made her debut In
San Francisco Just prior to her father's
appointment to the late President Mc-
Klnley's Cabinet and on coming to Wash
ington at once took a leading place in so
ciety.
DufSeld is a son of General and Mrs.
Henry M. Duffleld of Detroit and a
nephew of Justice Brown of the. Supreme
Court. He fs Junior partner in the pub
lishing firm of Fox & Duffleld, New York.
No date has been set for the wedding, but
probably it will occur next January.
LEXINGTON. ' Ky.. , Oct. 12. — Charles H.
Voorhees, aged 58, . a retired capitalist and
banker, well known throughout the South,
died sudenly to-day. %
OMAHA, Neb.. Oct. 12.— Thomas Mur
ray, until a few years ago rated a million
aire and who made most of his wealth
dealing in second-hand goods, died in a
shack In the southern part of the city
early to-day. Murray, who had lived In
Omaha for fifty years, was a bachelor
and was famous for his peculiarities and
eccentricities. He built the first six-story
brick building in the city, for which he
burned his own brick, and was twelve
years In building. A great deal of his
fortune was lost in real estate. He left
but one known relative, a nephew, who
lives in Colorado.
FORMER TWTTT.TQ-WAT-R.-R
DIES IN AN OLD SHACK
William Curran. a longshoreman, who
was arrested by Policeman Flyn on
Montgomery street Sunday night and
charged with vagrancy, died at the City
Prison last night of cirrhosis of the liver.
He was 2S years of age.
Dies in the City Prison.
Political Fight Raises Race Feeling.
HONOLULU. Oct. 12.— Very little In
terest is being taken in tne present po
litical campaign In Kaual County, where
the Home Rule ticket has been with
drawn, Its chance of success being con
sidered hopeless. The Republican candi
dates are now the only ones In the field
and tlie election will be a mere formality.
In other counties, however, a more lively
canvass Is In progress, considerable race
feeling being manifested. In Honolulu
meetings are held nightly by the Home
Rulers and Republicans. The Hawaiian
language is spoken at the Home Rula
gatherings, the Republicans conducting?
theirs In English, some of the speeches
being Interpreted for the benefit of native
voters. The Democrats have made ao
nominations.
BOGOTA, Colombia, Oct. 8, via Buena
Ventura, Oct. 12. — Several Representatives
insist on the sessions of Congress being
ended on October 30. The importation of
mining machinery has been declared free
of duty. The taxes on dressed beef, which
were previously national, have been de
clared departmental. The port of Tumaco
has been declared a storage station and
its custom-house duties have - been di
minished. »
PANAMA, Oct. 12.— The telegraph ser
vice has been restored, but no news has
been received here confirming the reports
of a revolutionary plot. It is believed
that the Government knowledge of the
plan long before the date fixed for Its
execution dooms It to failure. The coun
try seems to be opposed to further war
fare.
"Will Attempt to Cany Out
Their Plot. .
Does Not Believe That Revolutionists
COLOMBIAN GOVERNMENT
DOES NOT EXPECT TROUBLE
BALTIMORE, Md./Oct. 12.— Cardinal
Gibbons to-night gave out a translation
of the brief of Pope Pius X relative to
the Catholic University in Washington,
in which the Pope says:
The condition of the University of "Washing
ton has enlisted our- deepest sympathy and
concern. Inasmuch as the report recently sub
mitted by your eminence deposes that Its af
fairs are not altogether so encouraging- as we
could wish. It is meet that we should follow
the. example of our predecessor In the further
ance of noble projects, more specially such as
ara of great moment and hold out the promise
of large advantage. In this spirit we are
pleased to continue, and. as far as may be, to
Increase In the exercise of apostolic office tha
interest which we have ever cherished toward
this distinguished American foundation.
Wherefore we learn with genuine satisfac
tion that the Bishops urged, with the ap
proval of all others Interested in its welfare,
that a collection be taken up in all the
churches throughout the United States an
nually for ten years on the first Sunday of-Ad
vent or the first convenient Sunday thereafter
with a view of enhancing the dignity and en
larging the influence of this noble seat of
. le T I hi l 9 3^lan. the result of their Joint delibera
tions we consider most beneficial. It Is there
fore 'our earnest wish and prayer that all the
Bishops of the country. »» well as tho faithful
who have at heart the progress of learning and
religion, should labor strenuously for the good
of the university. "
Cardinal Gibbons Publishes Transla
tion of Brief of .Pope Pius X
Relative to the Matter.
AUTHORIZED COLLECTION
FOB CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY
Many New Cases Re
ported From Towns
in Texas.
SOCIETY BELLE
TO BE MARRIED
If the proportion of men discharged by
the Erie is similar to that of the Vander
bllt lines, about 500 men will be thrown
out of employment. '
In Buffalo hundreds of employes of the
New York Central, the West Shore, the
It was the general opinion that tha re
ductions eo far made indicated no actual
falling off in business, but rather a step
on the part of the railroads to prepare
for a possible dull day in the future.
Asked if the coincident reduction of the
chop forces by the great railroads indi
cated action against organized labor, this
reply waa made:
"It will simplify the labor situation and
make it more easily handled."
A director of the- Southern Pacific said
to-day:
"Now that there are signs of a slacken
ing in business I see no reason why we
should not take advantage of the situa
tion we have created, and this means that
we can get along with fewer men."
In reducing their force of machinists,
it was explained by the railroad traffic
officials, the New York Central, the Erie,
the Pensylvania and the Southern Pa
cific were merely returning to the normal
demand for labor. Owing to the unpre
cedented improvements made by the great
railroads throughout the country this
class of labor had been Increased during
the last three years from 10 to 20 per cent
and reductions could now be made with
out Injury to the railroads.
SIMPLIFIES LABOR SITUATION.
"Every man. that is not absolutely
essential will have to seek ¦wfcrk else
where. Our road is in very* good shape
and we can afford to lay off a great
many men."
roads, for economical- causes,
will lay off thousands of workmen. The
sudden desire 'for retrenchment, coming
as it does from many systems, would seem
to Indicate a preconcerted plan. It was
announced to-day that as a step toward
entrenchment and in a measure to recoup
losses from the flood, the Erie Railroad
officials have decided to cut down their
force. Many men are to be discharged
from the repair shops and from the main
tenance of way corps. An official of the
Erie said to-day:
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Reports
from various sections of the
country, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, indicate that many rail-
BUFFALO. N. Y., Oct 12.— The order
to reduce the force of shopmen on the
Vanderbilt system has caused the dis
charge of about 500 employes at Buffalo
and Depew.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 12.— At the head
quarters of the Lake Shore Railroad here
to-day It was said that probably not more
than 400 'ben would be dismissed by the
company as a result of the order sent out
from New York on Saturday tc reduce
the force In all shops on the Vanderbilt
system wherever possible. One hundred
and llfty of the G90 men employed in the
Lake Shore shops at Collinwood were dis
charged to-day and an equal number
probably will be dismissed at Elkhart,
Ind.
President Newman has endeavored to
create a feeling of security among em
ployes and the present movement will be
carried out with the idea of doing as lit
tle injustice as possible. The fact re
mains, however, that the heads of de
partments here have received orders to
slash payrolls and a period of extreme
unrest prevails among employes in every
branch ol the Vanderbilt service.
A Philadelphia special to the • World
says: "Early and large reductions in the
number of employes of the big railroad
systems of the, country are predicted t>y
officials of the Vanderbilt lines. When
asked whether the Pennsylvania Railroad
had materially reduced the number of
men on its payrolls or contemplated such
action General Manager Atterbury said:
'We have not reduced our force very
much and only as the exigencies of the
service have required.' No men have been
laid off yet by the Philadelphia nnd Read
ing Railroad, whose traffic continues'
heavy. When the curtailment comes It
Is likely to be In the shops and among
the track hands first."
Michigan Central and the' Lake Shore
railroads are on the "anxious seat" as
a result of the announcement of a policy
of retrenchment covering the entire Van
derbllt system. It was stated by Super
intendent Everett of the New York Cen
tral's Buffalo division that the reduction
was merely an annual economic action
made necessary by a slackening- of traf
fic. This statement is flatly contradicted
in other cuarters. It is asserted on high
authority that while a slight decrease in
freight transportation may be looked for
the real reason for the radical reduction
is found in a change of policy by the
Vanderbilt management.
Await Fall of the Ax,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— Kyrle Bellew
presented his new play from Hornung's
story, "Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman."
for the first time in Washington at the
new National Theater to-night before a
large audience, including many notables
of the capital. Raffles, the gentleman
burglar, proved a fascinating hero In the
hands of the English star. E. M. Holland,
as the detective, was capital In his run
ning battle of wit with the daring Raf
fles-
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The new 3Lyrtc
Theater on Forty-second street, between
Broadway and Seventh avenue, was
opened to the public to-night by Richard
Mansfield in the German play "Old Hei
delberg:."
The play was another triumph of Mans
field's productive ability, and was char
acterized by the extraordinary beauty of
detail that marks all of his s'. lge work.
The supporting company was excellent in
every particular.
PARIS. Oct. 12.— The reading of Paul
Hervieu's new play, entitled "Le De
dales." at the Comedle Francalse brought
about a reconciliation between the actor
Le Bargy and Jules Claretle, the director
of the Comedle Francaise. the former
apologizing for his recent insulting let
ter to M. Claretie. who thereupon with
drew M. Le Bargy's suspension from th*
council of the theater. M. Le Bargy will
appear in the new piece, the staging or
which will begin to-morrow.
The remedy for this, as I »ee it. is to real
ize that matrimony Is a state, not a contract,
and divorce must be stopped. Divorce strikes
at the virtue of our ¦women, and this virtue
Is what preserves the state. Divorce Is the
one foul growth upon our soil and upon Its
riddance depends the fate of our future. .
If we are to choose between divorces and
polygamy, give us polygamy.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— In an address
before the Knights of Columbus, gathered
in Carnegie Hall to celebrate the anniver
sary of America's discovery^ W. Bourke
Cockran reviewed the march of civiliza
tion, and declared that the only blot to
be seen at the present day Is the divorce
practice. The great private fortunes he
considered to be of value to the nation,
while the labor problem,' he said, is only
a step in the march of progress. Said he:
There has been growth since the beginning
or the world; progress is the law of the uni
verse.^-and the nations who came before this
one, the men who lived and accomplished
things before Columbus were simply the links
In a chain which has not yet been completed.
When v» e l:now that this work Is all for man
kind then we can understand that his was a
mission of commerce and of religion, and that
mission marked the dawn of .Justice.
The present condition of society here is full
of promise. AVe have the greatest fortunes
of the earth — greater than Rome ever dared
dream of — and. though philosophers say that
where wealth accumulates men decay. I see no
cause for despair. When a large fortune la
not gained by robbery, by fraud or by tho
manipulation of the laws, then it can be but
a boon to the nation. My neighbor's prosper
ity Increases my own and that of the earth.
Nor do modern fortunes tend to the In
crease of luxury. On the contrary, men be
come more self-denying. I see no sign of de
cay in the human race here. The labor ques
tion is In process of solution and every row
is a step toward this. A laborer cannot get
more pay than the value of his product, for
then the product ceases to be made. Nor
can he get much less, because of the element
of competition. The laborer of to-day Is not
a servant, but a partner of his employer, and
their good rests in a mutual understanding.
But the blot I see upon our civilization is
the Increasing number of divorces. In tho
ancient state the supreme Importance of life
was to Increase the Importance of the state.
To-day the end of life is the individual good.
But the Individual good lies In the prosperity
of the family and It Is at this that the di
vorce strikes. If not checked It will destroy
the family. •
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The Archbishop of
Canterbury has issued an appeal urgently
representing the necessity tor subscrip
tions to the Macedonian relief fund.
It is reported that Colonel Karawanoff,
inspector of the frontier district of Bur
gas, has been killed in an encounter with
Turkish ofiicers.
The Government here is taking the
strictest precautions to prevent insurgents
crossing the frontier. One band is re
ported to have been fired on by Bulga
rian troops neaf Hlla to-day while trying
to assist a crowd of fugitives who were
being pursued by the Turks. This inci
dent is considered to be evidence of the
Government's correct Intention.
The newAustro-Russian reform schemes
are awaited here with the greatest inter
est. A dispatch from Constantinople said
that the Austrian and Russian Embassa
dors would present their proposals to the
Porte to-day.
SOFIA, Oct. 12.— Desperate fighting is
reported to have taken place at* Sdlezi, in
the district of Dibla, on October 5. Three
bands engaged a body of 600 Turks and
lost twenty-five men. After several hours*
fighting Boris Sarafoff, with reinforce
ments of 600 insurgents, arrived' on the
scene and killed all cuve forty of the
Turks.
Smith bought a new hat the day of
his disappearance and this Arthur Young,
the accused murderer, was wearing at
the time of his arrest.
When last seen alive Smith was known
to have $500 and only $10 was found in his
watch pocket at the time the body was
discovered.
. WASAU, Wis., Oct. 12.— The headless
body of Edward Smith was found near
the village of ' Edgar' and to-night public
feellng : against Arthur Young, accused of
having murdered him, nearly resulted In
a lynching.
On Saturday afternoon while driving,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gebelein discovered
the body of a young man on a skldway
used in the logging, operations. A coat
covered the head 6f the corpse. The head
was separated from the bodv and the.
side of the -skull was fractured. A bul
lethole was found in the front and back
of the shirt and the hat was pone.
HEAD OF THE VAXDERBILT RAILROAD INTERESTS AND CHAIR
MAN OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE NEW YORK
CENTRAL. WHICH IS REDUCING ITS FORCE OF EMPLOYES.
Reports from Monterey covering the
past week received to-day indicate that
affairs have taken a serious turn. On
Wednesday last there were four deaths
and fix new cases of fever, and on
Thursday seven deaths occurred and nine
cases termed "suspicious" were reported.
On Saturday four deaths occurred, one
new case of genuine fever developed and
six suspects were reported. The spread of
the disease is said by some physicians to
be due to the unfavorable weather.
Reports from Linares. Mexico, state
that the disease has been practically
stamped out at that place.
Word from Victoria stated that the yel
low fever epidemic in that city Is gradu
ally disappearing.
LAREDO, Tex.. Oct. 12.— During the last
twenty-four hours there has been a larger
number of yellow fever cases than on any
day since the outbreak of the epidemic
here. The physicians, however, are not
surprised at the large number of cases
to-day, and concur in the opinion that it
may be but the beginning of the end.
The oScial bulletin of the health depaxt
iner.t follows: New cases, 35; deaths,
none; total number of cases to date, 243;
tola! deaths to date, 10.
The official report from Minerva, a min
ing town twenty-eight miles from this
city, shows that there have been twenty
five cases yesterday and to-day, with no
deaths. The total number of cases to date
at Minerva is sixty-one, with three
deaths. No report beyond the fact that
the condition of United States Consul
Alor.20 B. Garrett'4s much improved has
been received from Nuevo Laredo, Mex
ico, to-night. *
Declares It Is a Danger
ous Blot Upon Civ
ilization.
Macedonians Report a
Slaughter of the
Turks.
Talented Actor Scores a
Great Triumph at
Lyric Theater.
Circumstantial Evidence
Almost Results in
a Lynching.
MANSFIELD OPENS
NEW PLAYHOUSE
BORIS SARAFOFF
WINS A VICTORY
BOURKE COCKRAN
DECRIES DIVORCE
WEARS THE HAT
OF A DEAD MAN
DENVER. Oct. 12.-Albert E. Bell, alias
Crosby, alias Murray/ etc., the alleged
mail-pouch robber and forger, had a hear
ing this afternoon before United States
Commissioner S. C. Hlnsdale. Bell is
still confined to his bed. and the Commis
sioner visited him at St. Anthony's Hos
pital, where the hearing took place. Bell
confessed to robberies at Germantown,
Pa., and Springfield. 111., and his bond
was placed at $10,0C0. He is unable to
give the amount of bond required, and
will be kept under guard until he Is well
enough to be taken to Philadelphia for
trial.
Mail-Pouch Bobber Confesses.
YELLOW FEVER
IS SPREADING
Ae tha result of the investigations of
Custom? Collector Ehuster, Governor Taft
has made a requisition upon the Chinese
authorities at Shanghai for the extradi
tion of W. D. Ballantine, inspector of
customs, arrested there yesterday for al
leged complicity iruj.be conspiracy for the
Issuance of what are suspected to be
fraudulent Chinese certificates. An offi
cer will leave for Shanghai to-morrow to
bring the prisoner back here. The cus
toms authorities here discovered large
quantities of aniseed oil which was billed
as tar. Many cases of the oil put up In
this shaoe have been seized.
The money taken by them from the safe
in the commissary department amounts
to $10,000.
A second body of ladrones are In the
island cf Panay. where they have at
tacked the town of Ibajay acd killed thir
teen cf the inhabitants. There is only a
small police force there.
When last heard of Herman and John
son, the fugitive defaulters from the con
stabulary service, were on their way to
the island of Cagayanes. They had aban
doned their sailboat at Asia, a small port
Jn Nejcros off Occidental, and had gone
to Guimbal, on the southeast coast of
Iloflo where they secured a. large vessel
for the trio to Cagayanes. One of the
native constabulary was still with them,
the others having leJt at different places
en route.
MAN1I-A. Oct. 12.— Lieutenant Velas
quez with thirty men of the constabulary
were attacked recently by 500 head hunt
ers of Nueva Viscaya and lost two men,
after killing fifty-three and wounding a
large number of the head hunters. The
enemy were armed with rifles and bolos.
The constabulary under command of
Velasquez is reported as suffering from
a disea.se similar to cholera.
Eight ladrones have been sentenced here
to be hanged and two to twenty-five
years' imprisonment by Judge Sweeny.
These men were captured in Bulucan and
other provinces of Luzon adjacent to Ma
r.ila.
The physician declared it was impossi
ble for the woman to have inflicted the
wound at the base of her skull. Grietgllng
Is held on the charge of murder. Accord
ing to Glna Papesco, sister of the dead
woman, Grietgling proposed marriage to
Eliza, claiming he was rich and saying
he was opposed to - her going to Bucharest
to fill an engagement at the Royal' Thea
ter.
It Is said that while .at Alx-les-Balns
recently Grletgling became acquainted
with Eugenie FougeVe, the demi-mondaine,
¦who was murdered in her villa there Sep
tember 18 under mysterions circumstances.
-When the body was examined by a phy-
Blcian to-day a bullet wound was discov
ered In the base of her skull aqd another
wound was found in her temple. The,lat
ter caused the woman's death.
PARIS, Oct. 12.— The mysterious shoot-
Ing of a Roumanian singer, Eliza Papesco,
at the Hotel Regina here, where many
Americans stop, and in the center of a
fashionable quarter of Paris, resembles in
its essential features the case of Mrs. El
len Gore, the American . woman who was
killed in the apartments of Jean de Ryd
zewskl," the Russian singer, in November
last. As cabled on Saturday, Frederick
Grletgling, editor or an art paper, report
ed to the hotel clerk that day that a
young woman had killed herself in his
room, and investigation showed that the
dead woman was Eliza Papesco.
Fifty-Three Head Hunters Are
Killed and Many More
Wounded.
Editor in Whose Apartments
She Died Is Being Held
by Police.
Pierce Battle Is Fought
in Province of Nu
eva Viscaya.
Physicians * Assert That
Roumanian Singer
Was Murdered
r* . * • .. . I o n I TL L ¦*
Retrenchment Movement Is So General Throughout
the GreatTransportation Systems as to Indicate
That It Results From a Preconcerted Plan
REBELS ATTACK
THE CONSTABLES
SUICIDE THEORY
IS NOT TENABLE
RAILROAD COMPANIES DISMISSING
THOUSANDS OF THEIR EMPLOYES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; TXJESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1903.
3
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all rekders of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall* to place their order, im-
mediately!
This : splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty 'cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges. s
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We perspire a pint a
day without knowing it ;
ought to; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples. The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble
enough.
If you use Pears' Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clear and soft and
open a-nd clear.
Sold all over the world.
Moneyback 6ays " Schi!
tea fatVxng.po* 4tV Spices I
co-rt £»»or:rf extracts soda
are such as you- want at the
prices you choose to pay."
At your grocer's.
ADVERTISE MENTS.
¦ ; ; Zl— * '
The Genuine is Manufactured by the "ife^^lil^a
California Fig Syrup Co. W^^^^^
:.y-> "/;,'-,.'' , {g?tU,*>iv.''-->^jEEy?V> : jg'3tSS*?L
Th© full name of the company, California Rlgr Syrup Co n p*j^1-'^jy>^l^^^^-^^f
ts printed on the front of every package of the genuine. /i^I^'^r'^^^^^^M
The Genuine- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original h-^
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere K$^^'%KM
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid tne fraudulent imita- Y^feft^^ff^^S
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable *^^^^h
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. ivS^^v'JI §8
- It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches Vw!~i^. -^M ' : i$£j
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the \%f^^f%k ' -^^la
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed W^-wlsl lH
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial /.^/i j|r«&* ; 5l
1 effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the : /f -:^^^«^
Lovbvilte, Ky SaivK-aiYciscojCai. flewYprk.^y:^
.'. ;-. ¦ iwce ramrCEnn pat-BOTTiB \ i -.#??#
THE ART SALES GALLERIES.
Only F^Tv/e Days /Wore
f OF THE-
Oriental Rug Auction
SALE COMMENCES AT 2:30 P. M.
S&t^amPT^ If you wish to buy Fine Antique Rugs 1 at Auction, this
BFflBBy «s your last chance, as" this will be the only auction of Oriental
HtP""" 1 "' Rugs ,this/ year.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
YtZUK & CO., 230 Post StWASHINGTON; Oct. 12.— The President to
day appointed John N.-' Watson Register of th«
Land Office atLakevlew^ Or/;? and Charles U.
Snyder receiver of, public moneys in the same
office. J^SstSKtSBHE
1 DELAWARE; O.,' Oct. 12.— Rev. T.' F. John
aon of this city has received word disproving
the report ' that ; Rev. , C P. ; Kennedy, a young
missionary • from ; this city,' . has ¦ been ' killed t by
Boxers In China. Rev. Mr. -Kennedy ia now, at
Otaru, Japan, encaged in missionary work.
-. BLOOM&'GTON, 111.. Oct.: 12. — William
O"Neil, arrested last week for an alleged at
tempt to bribe the lawyers for 'the defense -in
a " Chicago Board of - Trade suit, was ' riven - a
hearing to-day for contempt of court ami va;
Oned S100 and sentenced to sixty days In JalC
OAKLANL, ¦ Oct. J 12.— This evening was
cadet night at *; the ' St. ; Francis : de , Sales
parish^ fair, .^ and > an f- entertaining
gramme '; was !• presented ;by the - members
of Company" 21, League i'of i the ' Cross 'Ca
dets, j >The ¦' programme included i; several
musical and literary numbers by members
of the company. V ¦;:
Cadets Entertain at Fair.
JD. E. Bertand. residing at 2126% Bush
street, and ; J. C. Doherty of 1145% Mis
sion street, painters, fell from a swinging
scaffold attached to a building at, Waller
and Shrader streets yesterday, afternoon.
Bertand sustained a fracture of the right
ankle and Doherty suffered a fracture of
a rib on the right side. : ' '
Precipitated From Scaffold.
CHICAGO. 'Oct. 12. — Official confirmation of
the report that B."F. Wlnchell, vice president
and general . manager of • the . Frisco
lines," will become the third .vice president
and the executive • head of the Rock Island
System In the,. West. Thursday, < >.wlth . head
quarters in Chtcaso, was' elven out -to-day by
President lull , >l| HWWlffiU'IMff it'UliJBsl
OAKLAND. ; Oct. 12.— Mrs. Frances A.
Fellows, aged, 64 years, died yesterday, at
her i residence 'at . 940 ; Myrtle \ street. ; Mrs.
Fellows' husband , was the first superin
tendent of ; the Southern ; Pacific - Railway
for, this division. : She was a pioneer resi
dent of this city and leaves two daughters"
and a son. " , .
PioneertWoman Dies.
:-E. W. Crowley, a wlreworker residing
at 7S9 Mission street, fell backward -from
a ladder while ' attending to .some ..work
at the .Young Men's . Christian Associa
tion building yesterday. Crowley was < has
tened to the , Central Emergency | Hospital,
where ¦ he was ' attended by ; Dr. z Millar,
who. found. that . he had sustained a frac
ture of the ; lef t_ wrist and , some minor
injuries. , :';,' •
Tumbles From Ladder.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.-A1 Wenlg will fight
Joe Millett before the" Reliance Athletic
Club on October 27. The fight will, be at
catch ' weights. . Wenlg is - managed ; by
Alex Greggains. -V V
Wenig to Box Millett.
BERKELEY, . Oct. 13.— The funeral of
Mrs. Ann A; ; Shepard, mother of Mrs.
May -L. Cheney, 'appointment . secretary
for the University of California,' 'was held
this u..ernoon; from the , late ';. residence,
2241 \ college : " avenue.' . '¦¦. Mrs. : Sbepard ¦!¦ was
75 years old and /a: native 'of ,'Ne.w York.
She had been in , failing health for a" long
Funeral of Mrs. Shepard.
The -Central Woman's Christian . Tem
perance Union will hold b. parlor i meet
ing to-morrow * afternoon at the home of
Mrs. , Richardson, 11 . Piedmont street. A
good programme will be /given and all
members and, , friends are urgently re
quested, to attend. ¦ • '
Will Hold a Parlor Meeting.
J. J. Slater, a carpenter residing at 114
Fourth street, was caught between the
wall and a falling beam at . tne new auto
mobile building on Golden- Gate avenue
yesterday. The beam was * being ' hoisted
Into place, when ;the^, pulley ropes slack
ened, causing the beam to suddenly lower
and swing -against the wall and' strike
Slater. He was taken to ' the Central
Emergency Hospital," where 'it '.was found
that his injuries, consisted of numerous
abrased and contused wounds and a badly
sprained right ankle.
Caught Tinder Falling 1 Beam.
' Daniel O'Brien was arrested early yes
terday by Policemen Mitchell and Draper
and . booked at the , City Prison on a
charge of grand larceny. He Is accused
of stealing a watch from L. J. Callaway
of 32 Valley street, Oakland, in the Chi
cago saloon, 154 Third street. He was
trying to sell the watch on Fourth street
when arrested. He was instruct.*! and
arraigned In Police Judge Cabanlss' court
and the case continued till to-morrow.
Accused of Stealing a Watch.
Louis H. Eaton will give his eighteenth
free organ recital, assisted by L. J.Svon
der Mehden, 'cellist, at Trinity Church,
Gough and Bush streets, Wednesday
evening, October 14,'. beginning at 8 o'clock
precisely."; The programme will be:
Prelude in E minor .......Bach
Vorsplel to "Tristan and Isolde'. 1 Wagner
Vorsplel to "Parsifal" ........... ....Wagner
Introduction to third act and bridal chorus,
"Lohengrin" "••'¦.••'.. ..".Wagner
Romance, "Evening Star" ("Tannhauser") • •
...... . . . ., • ¦ • • • • • - • • - • • ...... .:.. Warner
Overture to "Tannhauser" ...... .....Wagner
•Mr. .von der Mehden will -play .Walther's
prize song from ','D\e Melsterslnger" (Wagner)
Eaton Organ Recital.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12^-County Superin
tendent of Schools Crawford has returned
from an extended tour, through the tEast
ern States, -where .he has' been visiting
the public schools of Boston, Chicago and
New York arid also making some prepara
tions 1 tor the 'i county "school exhibit for
the , World,'s Fair that opens "at St." Louis
next year. He says space allotted ( to
the'entlre Callforrila r educati6nal exhibit
18 85x40 feet and is .afraid that Jit will
hamper the; making of "a proper display.
Small Space for Display.
The main hall of Golden Gate Asylum,
on Sutter' street, was crowded last night
by ladies and gentlemen who accepted the
invitation of California Council No. 1 of
the. Daughters of Liberty to attend its
social. It was the largest and most pleas
ant party that this council has ever given
and was greatly enjoyed by all. The af
fair was under the direction of the fol
lowing named committee: ' Mrs. W: W.
Thompson, chairman: Miss C. Jorgenson,
Miss G. Walsh, Miss E. Koopman. Miss
J. Chrlstensen." Floor manager,'' H." M.
Schmidt; assistant. Miss 12, Koopman..
Daughters of Liberty Social.
Several witnesses were called to testify
to the integrity of some of those whose
depositions have been read to the Jury.
The case will be continued in the morning
And It is possible that the contestant may
rest his case by to-morrow night.*
I OAKLAND. Oct. 12.— Frederick Lloyd,
eldest son of the late Charles R. Lloyd,
•Who Is making: sensational charges
against his father's moral character in an
endeavor to break his will. In -which
young Lloyd was disinherited, was on the
stand this morning and was subjected to
a rigid cross-examination by counsel for
the defense.
Frederick Lloyd on the Stand.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Ida J. Breen was
to-day granted an Interlocutory decree of
divorce> from John'- M. Breen on the
ground of extreme cruelty by Judge Ells
worth,, and Janette B. Culver was grant
ed an Interlocutory decree " of • divorce
from William W. Culver by Judge Greene
to-day on the ground of desertion. Judge
Melvin to-day granted Esther:L..;Lilli
brldge an interlocutory decree of divorce
from Walter Lilllbridge.
Wives Given Divorces.
¦: The pastor is John A. Hollars. Mrs. W.
R. Walker is president and Mrs. R. Davis
is vice president of the society.
The Bethlehem Congregational Church,
corner of Twenty-fourth and. Vermont
streets, began a series of entertainments
last night that will continue during the
week A 'large crowd was in attendance.
There will be a different programme of
fered each night. The Sunday school room
has been very artistically fitted up with
handsome booths, which are presided over
by the" following- named: Coffee, Miss M.
Fidders, Mrs. i W. Siebert and Miss Ethel
McKlnnon; candy, Mrs; G.Guthrie, Mrs.
F. .W. Bank* and Miss Annie Gauten;
fancy . articles, Mrs.' R. Leslie and Mrs.
A. Robinson; | paper,'. Mrs. ; C. W. Walcott
and Miss' Ella Madden; home , comfort.
Mrs. 3 R. Davis, Mrs. A. Kromey and Miss
Guthrie; ice cream, Mrs. G." Christie and
Mrs. ~AL Andersoh; shooting ' gallery, I.
Leslie. aSSP&N&sffiSS^SKsH
Begins Fair and Bazaar Under
Auspicious Circumstances.
CHURCH ENTERTAINMENT
ATTRACTS LARGE' CROWD
Bethlehem Congregational Society
After the programme had been com
pleted the audience arose and Joined .in
singing "Auld Lang Syne."
The portrait of ex-President Samuel
Irving was exhibited and then presented
to the society. Mr. Irving was called upon
and made.- a few remarks. A vote of
thanks was tendered to the editor of the
Scotsman for the heather sent to the so
ciety, and suitable resolutions were order
ed engrossed, to Jbe mailed to the donor.
The St. Andrew's Society of San Fran
cisco gave a pleasant entertainment and
reunlbn last night at Scottish Hall, on
Larkin street. Each year this organiza
tion receives a box of heather from the
editor of the Edinburgh Scotsman, to be
distributed among its members and their
friends. After the distribution last night
Scottish songs were sung, most of which
were in deference to the heather, by Mlsa
Cummings, Miss Craig, Mrs. Cllne. Mrs.
Cof er-Finnie and Messrs. Fraser, Brem
ner and Falrgrieve.
Large Crowd Gathers at Scottish Hall
Where Annual Distribution of
Heather Is Made.
Mint Pays High Price for Silver.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.-Th© director
of the Mint to-day -• purchased 100.000
ounces of "silver for account of Philippine
coinage at an average of. 60% cents an
ounce... This is the highest price yet paid
and the statement is made that no fur
ther purchases will be made at that fig
ure.
.... ¦ . .. . . : —
ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY
ENJOYS PROGRAMME
OAKLAND. Oct. 12— Letters of admin
istration with the . will annexed on the
estate of the late Dr. BushrodW. James,
who by his will left, to the city of Oak
land a piece of property on Telegraph
avenue, to be known. as Bushrod Park,
have been applied for by Mayor Olney.
Attorney J. E. McElroy appears as attor
ney for the Mayor, and both waive claim
to compensation for their services. The
formal proceedings will be taken here so
that the city may become owner of the
park site. Dr. James died in Philadel
phia in January of this year.
Mayor Wants Park Site.
When the fire was discovered Joseph E.
and Thomas, Tavlor were asleep in the
building and they were forced to escape
without saving any of their personal ef
fects. Mrs. Bunting and six children oc
cupied rooms In the same building and
they lost nearly everything. ' Both' the
Taylor brothers, were slightly injured in
attempting to save their furniture.
The loss amounts to nearly IVJOO, with
$4000. insurance. The origin , of the fire Is
unknown. The first alarm was srlven by
Fred Van Duren. who was awakened by
the glare of the fire on his window.
James Coates, proprietor, of a saloon "a't
the corner of Tremont and East r Four
teenth streets, suffered a fracture of the
left arm in Jumping, from a second story
window to escape from the flames which
destroyed Taylor Bros.' broom factory at
4 o'clock this morning.
The factory was located at East Four
teenth and Tevls streets, and when the
fire broke out Coates, In company with
a number of others, hastened to the spot
to render any assistance possible. He
entered the buildiLg and went to the sec
ond floor to aid the inmates' In; saving
their furniture and was cut off by the
flames. He was forced to Jump from a
window and In doing bo broke his left
arm at the elbow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 12.
Olsen informed the police that the little
craft dropped anchor near the Enclnal
Club wharf Friday afternoon and that
two men, who said they were from Stock
ton and on their way to Alviso, j came
ashore. The pair stated they were on a
hunting voyage, but feared to venture
farther because of the high wind and
prospective storm.
They did not return to the vessel and
during a heavy blow she drifted inshore
and was taken charge of by the Kings.
Nothing has since been heard from the
crew. Detective George Brown, who has
been working on the mystery, now be
lieves that the boat was stolen from some
place about the bay or up the river.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 11.— Captain Charles
Olsen. boatkeeper of the Enclnal Yacht
Club, to-day partly cleared away the mys
tery surrounding the derelict fishing
smack that was picked up off the South
Side Friday evening by Walter and Leo
King, stored with food and provisions and
without a crew.
James Coat es Breaks
Arm in Jumping Prom
a Window.
Information Is Secured
Proving Craft Was
Abandoned.
It is believed that the board, when it
meets at Martinez next Monday to in
corporate the town, will arrange the lines
so that the Standard Oil Company's
works will not come within the limit.
The Santa Fe's property, wnlch bisects
the town, will fall within the corporate
lines. Inasmuch as both sides of the town
tnust be Incorporated as one.
The party was driven over the proposed
boundaries and afterward banqueted at
the Santa Fe Hotel.
The party was accompanied by G. G.
Seofield and W. S. Rfaeen of the Pacific
Coast Oil Ccmpany, who have been mak
ing th«» fight to have the Standard Oil
Company's property at Point San Pablo
excluded from the proposed incorporated
town.
RICHMOND, Oct. 12.— The Contra Costa
County Board of Supervisors visited Point
Richmond to-day to look over the pro
posed incorporation lines for tho town.
The Supervisors present were J. D.
Wichtman. E. J. Randall. Paul de Mar
tini, and Patrick Tormey. Supervisor J.
M. Stow was absent.
INCOBPOHATION LINES ABE
VIEWED BY SUPERVISORS
Contra Costa County Board Will Ex
clude Standard Oil Company
and Include Santa Fe.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Albert P. Chamber
lain, over 21, and Elizabeth M. Hannibal,
over 18, both of Oakland; Charles C. Wll-
Bon, 37, Oakland, and Byrd E. St. Clair,
34, Portland; Joseph J. Gomes, 22, Sacra
mento, and Nora Duvall, 21, Oakland;
Ray T. Sullivan, over 21, Oakland, and
Orpha Murray, over 18, Los Angeles;
Henry P. Valencia, 29, Martinez, , and
Nellie Alameda, 18, San Pablo; Anthero G.
Reis, 28, Sacramento, and Leonora Da
valles, 21, Oakland; Richard W. Belsom,
29, and Anna C. Mackall, 27, both of San
Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
Detective Mulcahy ¦ was ¦ detailed on the
case and found-a box of -rough on rats
in one of the dead man's "coat pocket3.
He also left a note Indicating that h* had
killed himself. . .,/..:
James H. Haley, a spirit medium, re
siding at 850 Market street, committed
suicide yesterday in a lodging-house at
119 Fourth street, by* swallowing a Quan
tity of tincture of opium. The unfor
tunate* man, who was about 70 years of
age, had been a cripple for a number of
years, and despondency. . occasioned by
his deformity, was no doubt responsible
for his rash deed. Haley rented a room
from Mrs. C. Watson, -the landlady, on
Sunday, afternoon, about 4 o'clock. About
the same hour yesterday, upon going to
his room to make up the Wd, she was
horrified to find her. lodger; cold In death.
An- empty bottle labeled- "tincture- of
opium" was found on; the bureau.
Spirit Medium Kills Himself.
THREE PERSONS
HURT AT A FIRE
The matter was referred to 'the com
mittee of the whole, which j wlll meet
later to discuss the proposition of issuing
bonds. The time for the meeting' has not j
yet been Bet., j
Mayor Rickards said that. these Im
provements were absolutely necessary; as
the town %t. Berkeley n6w ranks seventh
in California in population and there is
not another town in the State of the same
size that has not made provision for. im
provements of a similar ' character. •
He also recommends that the School
Board sell • the school site on Center
street and secure one- in some other lo
cality, as ; the Center street property- Is i
far too valuable to be used for a school.!
For the purchase of additional land and for]
the erection of a modern town hall. $100, COO; ;
for re-equipment and Improvement of the Are!
department, $30,000; for the street department, I
to be used for the purchase of sprinkling wa- 1
gons, steam roller and other necessary ¦ appar
atus, $20,000; for the purchase - of additional j
school sites in North, South and "West Berke- ;
ley, $75,000. and for the purchase of property'
In West and South Berkeley for public parks,
$25,000. •
Mayor Thomas Rlckard at a meeting of
the Board of Town Trustees to-night rec
ommended that 4 per cent bonds be Issued
to the amount of $250,000 for the follow
ing objects:
Berkeley Office. San Francisco Call, J
\ -.- . 2143 Center Street, Oct. 12. !
"The defendant, on the other hand, haa
no greater Income than that which he re
ceived at. the time of the divorce. His
expenses and the relative cost of living
have increased. True it is that -a part of
the Increased expenses Is due to the ob
ligations incurred .by his second mar
riage; but marriage is encouraged by the
law. Undoubtedly if the wife needed the
$75 a month -for her support the court
would refuse to decrease the allowance,
notwithstanding his second marriage.
Upon applications of this kind it is the
duty of the court to consider the relative
means of the parties."
Professor Soule was represented by W.
W. Deamer, while A. Heyneman looked
out for tho Interests of Mrs. Soule. A ten
days' stay of execution was granted, and
it was intimated by counsel for Mr8. Soule
that the case would be appealed to the
Supreme Court. .
Professor Frank Soule! a member of
the faculty of the University of Califor
nia, was this morning relieved by Judge
Melvin of the obligation to pay $75 of his
monthly salary to his ex-wife, Mrs.. Ella
Bacon Soule. The obligation was origin
ally Imposed under a decree of divorce
granted Mrs. Soule In 1S9S.
Judge Melvin said in rendering his opin
ion: "I have fully considered the evi
dence in the case that Mrs*Soule's for
tune has greatly increased since the
granting of the divorce. It has been shown
that she was able to borrow $10,000 on her
unsecured note from a bank that has for
its president a gentleman who was inti
mately acquainted with her business af
fairs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 12.
PARTLY SOLVES
BOAT MYSTERY
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— At the Ebell
luncheon the musical
programme will ..be more than
usually Interesting from the fact
that Miss Estello Reynolds Drum
mond, a talented young pianist, will
make her first public appearance In Oak
land. She is a niece of Mrs. E. L. Dow
of Vernc'n Heights, and though still very
young is accomplished beyond her years.
She has studied with John Metcalfe of
this city for several years and her first
number on the programme to-morrow will
Pastoral (John Metcalfe), Miss Estelle
Reynolds Drummond; (a). "Oh, Love but
a Day" (H. H. A. Beach); (b), "Forbid
den (Cara Roma); (c). Waltz song from
"Romeo and Juliet" (Gounod), Miss Doro
thy. Goodsell; "Rlgoletto" (Verdl-LIszt),
Miss Drummond.
be one of his compositions. Miss-Drum
mond's work is characterized by a deli
cacy of touch and a temperament that Is
rare In *o youthful a student.
Mrs. Dow has had charge of the mu
sical Arrangements . for to-morrow and
has prepared a very pleasing programme
as follows:
Recommends Raising of
$250,000 for Public
Improvements^
Professor Frank Soule
Relieved of Heavy
Burden.
CLEVER AND ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG MUSICIAN WHO WILL MAKE
HER FIRST PUBLIC APPEARANCE AT THE EBELL CLUB: EN
TERTAINMENT TO-MORROW.
NEED NOT PAY
MORE ALIMONY
MAYOR FAVORS
A BOND ISSUE
Mayor Olney has selected Captain J. T.
Ball, Edwin Stearns, Cralgle . Sharp, Pro
fessor J. G. Lemmon and S. Arrlllaga as
a committee to have charge of the plant
ing of trees on Telegraph avenue. They
will meet to-night in the v Board of Trade
rooms . to prepare plans, which will be'
submitted to-morrow night to , the citi
zens' meeting held in - the same rooms.
All women are Invited to attend.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— The women of
Oakland are evincing much Interest in the
formation of an association for the beau
tifying of the city's thoroughfares.
Mayor Olney has received a number of
communications from some of the most
prominent of the city's women workers
stating that the new move has met with
great favor among the ladies and that
their services will be given in aid of tree
planting and general embellishment of
Oakland's. streets.
A number of suggestions have; been re
ceived by the Mayor as to the manner in
which the work should be done, all of
which will bo considered at the meeting
for the election of officers, 'which will be
held in the High 1 School building at 3:30
p. m. Thursday.
The' Mayor has received a compliment
ary letter from the San Francisco Out
door Art League commending his. excel
lent work in starting the new movement.
Wpmen of the City Enthusiastic Over
Move to Beautify Oakland's '
- Streets.
MAYOR'S PLANS MEET
WITH GENERAL FAVOR
The Question arose as to whether the
league should approve Chinatown as, ths
most picturesque feature In San Fran
cisco. The discussion took a wide range,
including views from physical and morai
standpoints, and was approved."
." A' committee at women from the league
whose, duty lt<is to look after the fate of
Telegraph Hill 'by special. appointment
visited the Registrar's office", jtesterday
morning to hear the report' of the>Elec
tion Commissioners. Great satisfaction
was expressed when It was declared that
Telegraph Hill had received the necessary
two-thirds vote.
The regular business meeting of ths
Outdoor Art League, followed by a par
liamentary drill and debate, was held
yesterday at 1616 Clay street at 3 o'clock.
Many Important measures were taken
op for consideration, among them let
ters from the president and secretary of
the American Park and Outdoor Art As
sociation, congratulating the league upon
its work prior to the late bond election
on behalf of the preservation of Tele
graph Hill by the city.
A communication stating that Tosemite
Park Is being cleared of all undergrowth
and. young trees was presented and th«
league requested to investigate the mat
ter and take action thereon.
Ladies of Club Are Gratified at Vote
for Preservation of Telegraph
v.; ; Sill.
OTJTDOOB ABT LEAGUE
• FAVOBS CHINATOWN
PLEASANTON, Oct 12.-The en
gagement has been announced of
Miss Florence M. Lyster and
Lang C. Wilson, assistant agent
of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at this place. The young' people are
among the most popular In this section
and congratulations are being showered
on them. Miss Lyster Is a charming
The wedding' date, October 20. follows
closely upon the announcement of the en
gagement. It Is intended that the mar
riage shall be solemnized at the residence
of the bride-elect's sister. Mrs. W. H.
Martin, in Pleasanton.
blonde, with a wealth of friends in th<
valley, where her parents, Mr. and Mrs
L. M. Lyster, have resided for man;
years. '--•-, i
CHARMING YOUNG WOMAN AND WELL. KNOWN BUSINESS MAN OF
PLEASANTON WHOSE ENGAGEMENT" HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED,
THE WEDDING TO TAKE PLACE ON OCTOBER 20. t
BERKELEY, Oct. 12.— The Beniors and jun
iors will hold a smoker Friday night in Shat
tuck Hall. According to the announcement tho
co-eda and freshmen will bo excluded and a
programme of vaudeville numbers given to
amuse the visitors.
The San Francisco Art Association ana the
California Camera Club exhibit was opened to
day in the Mark Hopknls Institute ot Art. It
will remain open daily, between 9 and 5 o clock
until October 24. The tickets for the concert
Thursday evenlns will be distributed free to
etudents between- the hours ot 10 and 2 Tues
day and Wednesday at tho co-operative store.
The university orchestra will meet, to-mor
row evening in the Trinity Methodist Church.
Dr. Alice Robertson will address tho Zoolog
ical Seminar Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
In room 6. North Hall. Tho subject will be
"Studies In the Retina." . '
UNIVERSITY EVEtNTS.
PITTSBUItG. Pa., Oct. 12.— Frank
Buchanan, president of the International
Association of Bridge and Structural Iron
"Workers, arrived in Pittsburg to-day from
Indianapolis. He denies that he was here
to order a general strike of the structural
Iron workers in sympathy- with New York
locals now out as a result of a dispute
¦with some of the large contracting firms
of that city. .
Buchanan Goes to Pittsburgh
TOrXGSTOWN, O.. Oct. 12.— In com
pliance with the agreement of the fur
nace operators to close down for the pur
pose of restricting the production of pig
Iron, the Laurel furnace at Hazel ton,
owned by the Republic Iron and Steel
Company, closed to-day. Other furnaces
In the Mahoning Valley are making prep
arations to close, and the indications are
that the agreement will be carried out to
the letter.
Fires Die Out in Furnaces.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Renewed refusal to
grant the demands of employes for in
creased wapes and the exclusive employ
ment of union men was given to-day by
the Chicago City Railway Company. C.
O. Pratt, general organizer, and a com
mittee of the Amalgamated Street Rail
way Employes called at the office, with
authority of the company's employes to
order a referendum vote as to the ad
visability of a strike unless the company
reconsidered an adverse answer to the
demands. General Manager McCulloch
told the committee that the "closed shop"
and the wag-e increase could not be con
ceded. McCulloch, however, repeated his
offer to submit the whole case to arbitra
tion.
When the lockout against the Franklin
Vrtfon was declared by the Chicago Typo
thetae two weeks ago the pressmen were
prepared to organize a rival union of
pressfeeders, but their plan was never ex
ecuted. They refrained from taking any
rympathetic action, however, and now
they stand as officers of the law barring
the way to members of the Franklin
Vnion.
-?-- — •
Adheres to the "Open Shop."
It is union aeainst union and, though
do serious trouble has occurred, the pre
caution has been taken because of threats
that have been made by the Franklin
Union members.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— Armed with revol
vers and sworn in as deputy marshals,
thirty union pressmen employed in the
printing plant of EL R. Donnelly & Sons
Company are guarding the building
against attack from striking members of
the Franklin Union of Pressfeeders. The
xtrmed deputies are regular union em
ployes of the company, all of thorn mem
ber* of Local No. 3 of the International
Printing Pressmen's Union. Beside them
¦work non-union men and girls who have
replaced the members of the Franklin
Vnion, now on strike.
Chicago Pressmen Prepare to Resist
Attack by Striking: Feeders.
UNION AGAINST UNION.
ET. LOUIS, Oct. 12.— Employes of the
Pacific Express Company all over the
United States, it Is reported, are demand
ing an. Increase of 10 per cent in wages.
Unless their demands are complied with
they threaten to strike next Thursday
evening. At the local office of the com
pany a strike seemed imminent for a time
to-night. Members of the local Brother
hood of Railway Expressmen had sub
mitted their demands to the assistant eu
perintendent and quit work until they
¦w-ere assured that their demands would
be considered by the board of directors of
the company.
Dolegutes from all the Brotherhoods of
Railway Expressmen are in the city, but
will tay nothing further than that a gen
eral strike is likely to be declared unless
the demands of the Pacific Express em
ployes are acceded to.
Sato now asserts that the gang have
sworn to be revenged upon him and has
prowled about his store waiting an oppor
tunity to take his life.' He and his wife
have sought police protection and have
established a guard around their home.
Hiroto and his' pals have been meeting
frequently at a house, on Everett street^
and Railroad avenue.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 12.— Terror pervades the
local Japanese colony because of the visits
here of a number of little brown men
from San Francisco, • who, according to
the statement made to the pblice by their
scared countrymen, are bent upon kid
naping the pretty young wife of a resident
Japanese. It is claimed by the 1 frightened
persons from the land of the Mikado that
the desperate characters will not hesitate
to do murder in their .endeavors to ac
complish their purpose. .
- James Hiroto. an ex-soldier in the Chi
nese-Japanese war and who was until re
cently in the employ of the family of the
lateColonel P. TV Dickinson, is said to
be at the head of the gang of wife' steal
ers. It is alleged that several days ago,
with five ' others, Hiroto attempted to
forcibly carry away the wife of a gar
dener while - the latter was working in
the country. The kidnapers were baffled
by M.'Sato, a Park-street merchant, who
secreted the woman.
Benny Fink, who last Friday secured a
license to marry Minnie Delinsky, ap
peared at the County Clerk's office to-day
and wanted to know what he could do to
have his marriage annulled, as he be
lieved his wife had deserted him. They
were married here last Friday by Judge
Cone, and Saturday while he was at
work, he says, she left with two men.
Whether they forced her ¦ to leave or
whether she left of her own accord he fa
unable to say. He was referred to an at
torney for advice in the matter. Emk
lives in San Francisco.
Two lovers with but a single girl made
rather a queer complication at the mar
riage license counter 'to-day, when Doth
secured a license to marry the object of
their affections. One is spending the
night in jail, while the other is on his
honeymoon.
According to Joseph Ferro, guardian of
Nora Duvall that was, Arthur Rei3 and
Joseph J. Gomez have been paying atten
tions to- his ward, with marriage as their
object. Rels was first on the field, but
left to go to Sacramento, and had been
away for some time when Gomez began
his suit. In a short time he succeeded in
gaining her promise of her heart and
band. But he had a brother who was
making objections . to the marriage, and
Rels, having learned of the state of af
fairs, came back and renewed his atten
tions'. Their marriage was agreed upon,
but news reached Gomez, and both men
appeared for licenses to-day.
When the girl was confronted with both
lovers, each armed with the necessary
papers, she decided to again change her
mind and chose Gomez. Reis took tho
matter »o to heart that he began to for
get his grief with long and deep pptations,
and falling into the arms of an unsym
pathetic policeman was taken to Jail.
Gomez and Miss Duvall were married and
are now on their honeymoon trlp^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Oct. 12.
Threaten to Quit Work Unless
Corporation Grants New
Schedule.
Benny Fink, Husband of Three
Days, Wants Marriage
Annulled.
Protection of Police Asked
That Murder May Not
Be Committed.
Employes of the Pacific
Express Company
May Strike.
Little Brown Men Make
Effort^to Steal Gar
dener's Spouse.
Two Admirers Secure
Licenses to Wed
One Girl.
HIGHER WAGES
ARE DEMANDED
WOULD KIDNAP
JAPANESE WIFE
ONE MARRIED,
OTHER IN JAIL
Lang C. Wilson, Assistant Agent of the Southern
Pacific Company, Will Wed Miss Florence M.
Lyster, a Charming ' Girl of the Blonde Type
ENGAGEMENT OF YOUNG PEOPLE
OF PLEASANTON IS ANNOUNCED
TALENTED PIANIST WILL MAKE
HER FIRST PUBLIC APPEARANCE
Miss Estelle Reynolds Drummond, Accomplished
Far Beyond Her Years in Art of Music, to Per
form on Favorite Instrument at Ebell Luncheon
THE SAN FBANOISCO OALIi, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1903.
4
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. , Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove* prepayment of
transportation charges.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
BILIOUSNESS,
Constipation, Inactive Liver and
Weak Kidneys are the result of a
weak stomach. Then the only
way to prevent these ailments is
to strengthen the stomach by tak-
ing Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Prominent physicians always pre-
scribe it in cases of stomach
troubles. You can therefore rely
on it. It positively cures Belch-
ing, Heartburn, Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia and Malaria, Fever and
Ague. Try it.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
FREE DENTISTRY.
ARTISTIC GOLD rHUSOS
I Painlessly inserted for cost of material. Teeta
cleaned and regulated free. Natural looklns
artificial teeth made to fit the most difficult
cases.' ;. t»- -
' "All our work. Is guaranteed for 20 years.
Using the purest sold, our fillings will not turn
black or fall out.
Week Days. 9 to 9;" Sundays. 9 to 1
; Painless adothods — liitraction Tree.
Graduates Only. . Cleaning Free.
F0ST-GBADUATX3 - DESTTAIi COLLEGE
San rranciicc— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
San Jo»e— 45 East Santa, Clara Street.Egan made a grand-stand play and. told
the Election Commissioners that "he
represented a great and grand party,
which demanded its rights," and then
As tHe Union Labor party was not rep
resented at the last election for Gov
ernor it has no right to demand repre
sentation on the Election Board for the
next election.
Egan is earning his salary from the
city these days by doing politics for
Mayor Schmitz and the Union Labor
party. Yesterday he appeared before. the
Election Commissioners and demanded
that the election boards for the coming
election be represented by a proportion
of the Union Labor_ party. Commissioner
Voorsanger told . Egan that the commis
sion could only do as required by law and
quoted the Political Code, which provides
that the officials of the Election Board
who preside at tho polling booths shall
be made up of an equal number of the' po
litical parties that polled -the highest and
next highest vote at the previous election
for Governor.
Thomas Egan, who, by the grace of
Mayor Schmitz, holds the position of
storekeeper In the Board of Education,
tried to run a bluff on the Election Com
missioners yesterday.
Schxnitz's Han Demands Representa
tion on the Election Board.
The boy gives an account of the move
ments of the gang before and after the
robbery and insists that "Bill" Morgan,
alias A. E. Miner, was the leader of the
gang.
Young Hoen says he was an unwilling
participant in the ' robbery, but that he
was afraid to leave the gang for fear that
Miner would kill him. Miner had threat
ened to take the boy's life.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. . 12.— Charles
Hoen, the 17-year-old lad who ' has con
fessed that he was one of the party who
attempted to hold up a train on the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation line near
Corbett Station on September 22, was
brought here to-day from Skaglt County,
Wash., where he was arrested last Thurs
day.
EGAN TRIES TO BLUFF.
Young Charles Hoen
Says He Had toAs
sist in Hold-Up.
GETTYSBURG. Pa.. Oct. 12.— Lieutenant
General Ian Hamilton, the distinguished Brit
ish army officer, accompanied by General Oli
ver, actine Secretary of War. * and Generals
Jotiiwoo. Nicholson and Davis, \-ifiu-d the bat
tl*fi. Id to-day. They left to-night for Antie
tam.
DECATL-R. 111., Oct. 12.— J. W. Butman. a
retired capitalist, dropped dead to-day from
heart disease. He was SO years old. On re
turning to Docatur last Friday from Cleveland,
O.. Mr. IJutman surprLsfd his friends with an
announcement that he had Just married Mrs.
Florence Mitchell.
BERLIN, Oct. 12.— Three Hanover regi
ments •will celebrate December 10, the
centennial of their creation. It is reported
that the German Emperor and Prince
Max of Baden, son-in-law of the Duke of
Cumberland, will attend. The news that
the latter will be present is regarded as
politically significant.
Duke of Cumberland to Attend.
"SALINAS. Oct. 12.— Two men, by means
of some small electrical device hidden
upon their persons, yesterday at Mon
terey so manipulated the money paying
slot machines as to secure over SSW. A
similar scheme has been worked in vari
ous cities, but the swindlers have thus
far escaped. »
S-windlers Empty Slot Machines.
THREATS MAKE
BOY A BANDIT
San Iuanci.sco has recently voted bonds In
the sum of ? 17,000.000 for Improvements. It
is now a rjuestion as to who is the moat ca
pable man to act as guardian of this vast
sum and to h3\e it Judiciously expended. We
art- situated afar from the scene of battle
and therefore can look upon the contest in an
Impartial and conservative manner. While
we have nothing to say against Lane or
bchmitz nHinR the bill under ordinary cir
cumstances, still we cannot view the election
of either for the best Interests of that city,
and if the voters choose to elect either they
will find out to their sorrow that they have
made a gn-at mistake, for they are not equal
to the occasion. Then we turn to the Re
publican oandidate. Henry J. Crocker. Is he
capable of filling the position satisfactorily?
la he honest? Is he a thorough business man?
Each of these questions can be answered In a
most emphatic manner In the affirmative — he
is. He possesses every qualification to bring
San Francisco up to a standard that will
compare favorably with any municipality In
the United States. Although a wealthy man.
tho sympathies of Mr. Crocker have always
been with tho toilers and all his acts In life
have been above reproach.
Mr. Crocker Is a man of large business ac
quaintance and of large business transactions;
he has managed successfully a large estate,
and Is an active executive officer of more
than one large business corporation. He is a
believer in the rights of labor and by his ac
tions In the conduct of his own affairs and
the affairs of the corporation under his con
trol he has made every employe from the high
est to the lowest an ardent and warm sup
porter of his candidacy. His conservatism and
success In financial circles have won him the
confidence of the capitalists of the city, and
his unostentatious giving to worthy charities
has endeared him to the poor. His training
in all the schools of life has equipped him to
fill the position in which the thinking people
of California's metropolis have asked him to
serve them. With the cautious labor vote
with him. with the thinking business man and
merchant on his side, the possibilities of the
election of any other candidate will dwindle
as the campaign progresses.
In fact, the energies and winning person
ality of Henry J. Crocker count In favor of
the whole ticket. In many respects he is an
Ideal candidate. There Is nothing haughty
and aristocratic In his demeanor. He Is sim
ply a plain, approachable buslneHs man, who
has the rare ability and the Inclination to
serve the people of the city In which he
dwells. When he addresses an audience of his
fellow workers In the cause of San Fran
cisco he does not puff on airs of condescension
and point to himself as the "great I am." He
Is Just the plain, everyday business man and
native son. Henry J. Crocker. His friends,
and they are legion, know that he is not a
professional politician or a chronic Job chaser.
He Is neither dummy nor tool; he Is In the pe
culiarly fortunate position of being a candi
date beyond reproach, representing both the
classes and the masses, whose experience and
sagacity compel confidence alike from Demo
crats and Republicans.
If the people of San Francisco desire a man
of undoubted probity, a man who Is conserva
tive In all matters whose administration would
reflect credit upon himself and the people
whom he represents, they will act wisely If
they go to the polls and ptamp an "X" oppo
site the name of Henry J. Crocker for Mayor.
Commendation for Henry J. Crocker,
Republican Candidate for Mayor.
The Nevada City Daily Transcript re
views the qualifications of the three can
didates for Mayor of San Francisco and
thus pronounces in favor of Henry J.
Crocker. It says:
The contest for llayor of San Francisco is
pttlns to be very exciting. The election Is
to take place very soon and there are three,
prominent men as candidates who are as-
Plrants for the honor— Henry J. Crocker the
Republican nominee; Eugene E. Schmitz the
I^abor Party candidate, who Is the present
Mayor, ani Franklin K. Lane the Demo
cratic nominee.
INTERIOR COMMENTS.
Petitions for rehearing were denied yes
terday by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals In the following cases:
George W. McNear vs. Printout Le Blonde
ot al.
Annie Goldstein vb. B. M. Behrends. Alaska.
George M. Esterley, administrator, vs.
Charle? T. Reed. Alaska.
Anglo-Californian Bank vs. Elizabeth Eudey
et al.
Lena Walton and L. H. French vs. Wild
Goose Mining and Trading Company. Alaska.
Cornelius F. Buckley. Rudolph Spreckels and
Timothy Horklns vs. Honry A. Crane.
Rehearing Denied.
went on in a high-handed manner to talk
of what he intended to do.
The Election Commissioners Informed
him that they could not put any of the
Union Labor party on the Election Board
and proceeded to go on with their regu
lar business. Egan fil«d a protest to the
ruling and with a crowd of his followers
left the room.
Largest Ice Plant Is Proposed.
' BAKEKSFIELD. Oct. 12.— The Union
Ice Company has awarded the contract
to a San Francisco firm for the erection
of a large addition to its plant in this
city. The price is J16.9S5 and will make
this plant the largest on the Pacific
coast. The company has factories In the
largest cities of this State and tht Ba
ktrEtield plant will supply considerable
portion of the San Joaquln Valley. It
was at first Intended to construct another
plant at Los Angeles, but Bakersfield was
selected because of local conditions. Work
will start at once on the new building
and when completed the plant will cover
h large square block and modern ma
chinery and immense ice chutes will be
Installed.
DENVER. Oct. 12.— A special to the Re
publican from Albuquerque. N. M., says
Colonel W. S. Herndon of Tyler, Tex., a
former Congressman, died at Albuquerque
while en route home from Los Angeles,
Cal., where he had been for his health.
Colonel Herr.don had a very severe at
tack of pneumonia about three months
ago. from which he had never fully re
covered. Heart failure was the imme
diate cause of his death.
Dies While "En Route to His Home.
The Republican campaign committee
announces that the district meetings to
be held this week under the auspices of
the organization will be addressed by
Duncan E. McKinlay, Jud. C. Brusle,
Daniel A. Ryan, J. T. Nourse, A. Van
der Nalllen, A. P. Van Duser, Frank J.
Murphy, Andrew Branch. Carey Van
Fleet and others. Henry J. Crocker, the
Republican standard-bearer, will speak
to the voters in every district.
Louis S. Beedy, chairman of the Forty
first Assembly District Republican Club,
and H. O. Beatty, member of the execu
tive committee, called at Henry* J.
Crocker's headquarters, 224 Kearny street,
last evening and completed arrangements
for the Republican ratification meeting
at Steimke Hall next Friday evening.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the German - American Republican
Club was held last night at
Golden West Hotel. Colonel Rob
ert Wieneke presided and Carl \V.
Mueller acted as secretary. The mem
bers of the committee, which is com
posed of many of the most prominent
citizens, were all In favor of an ener
getic participation in the present cam
paign.
General Edward S. Salomon, who, with
C. B. Rode, Dr. Brune and a few
others, organized this club twenty-five
years .ago, was present, and all agreed
to make most extraordinary efforts In
behalf of Henry J. Crocker for Mayor,
General Salomon for District Attorney
and the entire Republican ticket.
After discussion, It was resolved to
hold, at an early date, the annual meet
ing of all the club members for the pur
pose of electing officers of the club, at
which time final preparations for a big
mass meeting, to be held at an early date,
will be made.
FOLLOWING VjANISHE'S.
Schmitz did have a small group of Re
publican sympathizers in the Forty-first,
but after Ruef openly declared himself
for Schmitz the following vanished. The
Republicans of the Forty-first have not
the slightest use for political grafters of
the Ruef species. The cry of "Save the
charter!" once fooled many Republicans
of the Forty-first and caused them to
vote for Phelan. Gavin McNab fancies
that the voters can be deceived again by
the same cry, but the election returns will
change his mind. The meeting next Fri
day night will be held in Steimke Hall on
Octavia street, near Union.
Next Saturday evening the Republicans
of the Thirty-third Assembly District will
meet and cheer the nominees of the ticket
at Silk's Hall, corner of Precita avenue
and Mission street.
The committee on vacancies will meet
at 16 Geary street this evening. There is
only one vacancy on the Republican
ticket and that was caused by Charles S.
Laumeister's action in declining to accept
the nomination for Assessor. He was per
suaded by his business associates to keep
out of politics for a few years at least.
There are* several vacancies on the
Union Labor ticket. Gavin McNab Is hav
ing a hard time in filling the vacancies
on the Democratic ticket.
REPUBLICAN MEETINGS.
Several Important meetings will take
place next Thursday evening. Voters of
the Thirty-fourth Assembly District will
assemble at Twin Peaks Hall, corner of
Seventeenth and Noe streets, to hear the
talk concerning new and greater San
Francisco. In the Thirtr-slxth Assem
bly District a big campaign meeting will
be held under Republican auspices at
Harmony Hall, on Mission street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth. Republicans
and other energetic citizens of the Thirty
eighth Assembly District will rally at
Mascot Hall, on Golden Gate avenue and
Buchanan street, next Thursday evening.
Friday night, in Henry Crocker's home
district, the Forty-first, there will be a
grand rally of his friends and neighbors.
The meeting will surely be large and en
thusiastic. All the Republican factions of
this important Republican district have
united and buried the hatchet. The
hatchet is burled so deep that not even
the hamlle is sticking out.
SUPPORT ALONG THE FRONT.
Along tho water front he is popular.
Young men fancy him on account of his
progressive, go ahead traits. Republicans
who are familiar with the political senti
ment along the front predict a rousing
vote for Crock'er.
The Republicans of the Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth Assembly districts will
rally to-morrow night at Occidental Hall,
24£ Third street. Eloquent and persuasive
speakers will address the people.
While the campaign committee is work
ing at headquarters Henry J. Crocker is
In the field renewing acquaintance with
old-time friends at North Beach, the Mis
sion. "Western Addition, Richmond and
South San Francisco.
hustler 'for votes. His wide range
of personal acquaintance counts largely
in his favor. In this respect he has a
decided advantage over Schmitz and Lane.
Crocker is not airy or conceited. While
he is affable, enterprising and self-re
liant, he Is not quite as versatile as
Schmitz nor as self-important as Lane.
Plain, straightforward business men and
worklngmen take a fancy to men of the
Crocker stamp. They come forward
frankly and give him pledges of support.
•The politicians in the Republican party
do not entertain the slightest doubt of
Crocker's election to the office of Mayor,
but they advise strongly against cessa
tion of work. The members of the Re
publican campaign committee are devis
ing plans for a vigorous and effective
canvass of the city. The preliminary
work Is very nearly completed. Several
important district meetings for the pres
ent week are announced.
HENRY J. CROCKER, the Repub
lican candidate for Mayor, Is not
only displaying splendid qualities
of leadership but he is making
withal a record as an individual
These orders are the result of a report
made by Special Agent Chadwick. who
was recently sent to this city by the In
terior Department to Investigate the
charges that gross frauds were being
committed in this district. The report is
said to have been a sensational one, sus
taining practically every charge made by
United States Senator Gibson of Mon
tana.
BUTTE. Mont., Oct. 12.— A special to
the Miner from Great Falls says the
Great Falls Land Office to-day received
instructions from Washington to with
draw from entry under tho desert land
law all lands in the district lying south
of the Missouri River. The order affects
approximately 1,150,000 acres. The officials
were also lnftructed to suspend, pending
Investigation, all desert entries upon
which patents have been issued.
"Wood la connected with one of the
best known families in the- country," said
one of his lawyers. "I am not at liberty
to give his true r.ajne. The money will be
forthcoming to carry his case and that of
Murphy to the United States Supreme
court If necessary.
Captain of the Guard R. J. Murphy tes
tified that at the armory the convicts held
knives over the guards and compelled
them to give up the arm? and ammuni
tion. Convict Wood has proved himself to
be very shrewd in propounding' questions
to witnesses. The accused convicts are
represented by attorneys employed by
relatives of the men living in the East.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 12.— In the prelim
inary examination cf Convicts Wood and
Murphy for the murder of Guard Will'am
Cotter in the prison break July 27. Guy E.
Jeter, foreman of the rock crusher, this
afternoon testifled that he saw a knife in
the hands of Convict Murphy during th*
Jlght in the office of the captain of tfie
guards. This is regarded aa the most
damaging evidence yet brought out con
cerning Murphy, since he has claimed he
¦was not in the conspiracy to do murder
and break from the prison.
Special Dirpatch to The Call.
THE Republican Cam
paign Committee has
completed arrange
ments for an energetic
canvass of the city. The
district rallies will be ad
dressed by eloquent and
persuasive speakers of the
party.. The leaders of
the party regard the pros
pects of the election of Mr.
Crocker as brilliant in the
extreme. There has never
been a time when the
party has been so well or-'
ganized. Crocker is lead
ing in the fight, with
Schmitz second and Lane
a bad third. Crocker is
an ideal candidate. He has
a genial personality and is
making trends wherever
he goes.
Inquiry .Bears Out Charges
Freferred by Senator
Gibson.
Criminal Wood Reported to
Belong to a Prominent
Family.
Change of Administrations
Fails to Cloud the
Issue.
Miss Marion Harrison Is
the Wife of Richard
Sperry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 10.— The city of San
Jose must pay the John Stock Sons $800
for a lot of fire hose which the city has
been using since March, 1902. The hose
in question is 1000 feet of two and a half
inch material, and was furnished the city
at a time when it was without funds. An
agreement was made by the Board of Po
lice and Fire Commissioners, who ordered
the hose, that It would be paid for on and
after the following July. There was a
change in the x:ity administration in the
meantime, and the incoming board re
jected the bill.
The present commission claimed that it
could not legally pay the claim, as the
f ijnds of one quarter could not be used for
a past quarter.
Judge Leib, after hearing testimony to
day, gave judgment for the full JSOO to
the Stock Sons. He held that, as the
city had taken the hose without a con
tract, had used it and refused or neglect
ed to return it, the city was liable for its
value, just as a private person would be
liable for the conversion of another's
property to' his own use.
Accused of Trunk Thefts.
UKIAH. Oct. 12.— James B. Ward was
arrested at Wlllets to-day, brought to this
city and lodged in jail. The charge
against him Is defrauding a hotel-keeper
at Cloverdale. Ward was In charge of
the Mark West Springs Hotel when It
was closed for the season. Several
trunks were then found to have been
broken open, and some valuable Jewelry
was missing. Ward is an old soldier, and
recently spent several days In Ukiah, rep
resenting himself as a secret service
agent shadowing a Government embez
zler.
Hermit Dies by Poison.
MODESTO, Oct. 12.— Black Harry Carl
gher, who for over twenty years lived
the live of a recluse in a cabin between
Grayson and the Coast Range mountains,
committed suicide either Saturday night
or Sunday by taking strychnine. He had
been on a debauch for some time. Melan
choly followed, causing self-destruction.
He was nearly 75 years old. He had lost
one arm early in life and his health was
poor. He left money in his cabin. He
was a native of Canada.
SAUSALITO, Oct. 12,— They were
chums at school during childhood, for the
last ten years they were sweethearts and
lately were participants in a double mar
riage without .the knowledge of their
closest friends. This conveys some Idea
of the romantic marital affair of Mis3
Marion Harrison and Richard Sperry.
Not until to-day did the society folk of
Sausalito become aware that Miss Har
rison was married. Mrs. Sparry, mother
of Richard, was made cognizant of tho
fact several months ago, just prior to her
departure for the East. Miss Harrison
accompanied Mrs. Sperry on her .Eastern
trip, but up to that time her mother waa
not aware that she was Sirs. Sperry's
daughter-in-law. In fact not unxli after
a child was born and after MY*. Spertr^'a
return to Sausalito withoirt thfe your.jj
mother did the Harrisons learn that their
daughter was married.
The announcement at that time was aa
great a surprise to the Harrisons as it
was to Sausalito when made public to
day. Sperry and Miss Harrison grew up
together and were always chums. In
later years their fondness fcr each othpr
was apparent. Mr. and Mrs. Harrison
were particularly opposed to a match and
did everything to break off the affair.
When Mrs. Sperry proposed Uoing East
and taking Miss Harrison with her it was
supposed this was soon to cause an
estrangement between the young couple.
As a matter of fact, however, the two hud
been married several months prior to that
time.
Just before leaving the elder Mrs.
Sperry was told of the union. She soon
became reconciled, but knowing her son
to be under age doubted the validity of
the marriage and insisted upon another
ceremony. Accordingly Mr. Sperry ac
companied his mother and wife as far aa
Sacramento. A minister was in waiting
and the second marriage was performed
in the railroad car at midnight upon the
arrival of the overland train. The two
ladles proceeded East, while the groom
returned to Sausalito.
Mrs. Sperry and the bride Journeyed
through Canada and Eastern cities for
some time. On September IS a daughter
was born. Soon after that Mrs. Sperry
Sr. started West, leaving the young
mother in Baltimore. On her arrival hero
Mrs. Harrison was informed and she will
start East to-morrow night to join her
daughter.
Richard Sp#rry is the son of Mrs. C. E.
Sperry and the late James W. Sperry ot
the Sperry Flour Company. He is also u
near relative of the W. H. Crockers. Miss
Harrison is the daughter of J. H. Harri
son, the San Francisco coal broker. Mrs.
Sperry is a very beautiful girl of eighteen
years.
Disputes Authority of the Judge.
TORONTO, Ont., Oct. 12.— Justice Brit
ton to-day granted the Consolidated Lake
Superior Company an Injunction until to
morrow preventing any further proceed
ings in any one of the four actions of
Speyer & Co. at the Soo. The Consoli
dated Company says Judge Johnson of
the Soo has not the authority to appoint
a receiver. The whole case will be ar
gued here to-morrow.
Neutrality Bill Will Be Recalled.
SAN DOMINGO, Republic of Santo Do
mingo, Oct. 12,— The Dominican Govern
ment has informed United States Minis
ter Powell that in view of his protest it
will recall the bill now before Congress
providing for the neutrality of Dominican
waters and declaring certain harbors to
be free ports.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
AUTO-CARS MAKE QUICK
RUN' IN ENDURANCE TEST
Tendency of Drivers Toward Speed
ing Is Overcome by Enforce
ment of Strict Rules.
ERIE, Pa., Oct. 12.— The auto cars en
tered in the New York-Pittsburg endur
ance test which left Buffalo this morning
made a quick, pleasant and uneventful
run to this place. The auto cars which
got away this morning were all housed In
the official garage before 4 o'clock. Spe
cial orders were issued at the start this
morning by Referee Elkins. and their en
forcement was insured by instructions is
sued by Superintendent of Observers Gil
lett, that no cars were to exceed a speed
limit of twenty miles an hour. This wa-
Intended to overcome a tendency towaK
speeding, and it had the desired effect.
The drivers of the two pilot cars, Wil
son and Fred A. Xlckerson. were arrested
on their arrival for scattering confetti on
the city streets. When the matter was
explained to the Mayor he discharged the
two operators and safd that the arrest
had been a mistake.
EUGENE B. SCHMITZ. the Union
Labor candidate for Mayor, ad
dressed an audience at Mission
Turner Hall last night. The Pierce
Quartet scored one of the hits of
the evening by" singing a Campaign
song which ran something like this:
An old politician is offering a snare,
_. , La " e - Lane is the man.
Defeated for Governor, now begging for Mayor.
Lane. Lane U the man.
• . CHORUS.
Gav n McNab has got him so bad.
Gavin Mc.Vab. the friend of the scab,
oavln McNab. you will surely go mad.
For Schmitz. Schmitz Is our man.
Frank Jewel, a candidate for Super
visor, took a fall out of Franklin K. Lane
in the course of his speech. He said:
"As for the gentleman rrom Canada, if
he was a friend of the workinsman he
would be on this platform to-night trying
to get you to vote for this ticket in
stead of being on some other platform
talking for the opposition.''
William G. Burke, candidate for City
Attorney, announced in his speech that
the leader of Democracy, meaning Gavin
McNab, had tried to get him to withdraw
aa candidate for City Attorney on the
Union Labor ticket. Burke further said
that scores of Democrats had visited his
office trying to get him to resign, but he
would stand by the cause of labor. "I
have been offered places of lanre profit,"
he said, "with the further inducement
that I could practice my profession as
long as the Democracy was In power. I
told them that my honor was priceless
and told them to take back to their leader
the answer I gave them and that was 'I
stand for the organized labor of San
Francisco, for human liDerty and for
freedom.' "
Mayor Schmitz, in the course of his
speech, took occasion to cliar?e the Bul
letin with deliberate lying. He said the
Bulletin in its columns state.l that he
had twenty newsboys arrested last week
because they misbehaved themrelves. In
answer to this he said:
Only last evening in the Bulletin there ap
peared an article that I had twenty newsboys
arrested because the little boys marched out
Market street to Fillmore to Bush. In order to
show their appreciation for me. I love the
lltf.e fellows and It is not in my heart to
harm them. I want to say right here that that
was onfe o f the meanest lies that could be put
In any newspaper. (Applause.) I would not
have mentionc-d this, but many of my friends
have left me because of my alleged action.
TO STRIKE NAMES OFF.
Persons Illegally Registered Will Be
Denied Right to Vote.
Registrar of Voters Walsh is vigilantly
engaged in examining the registration
lists in order to purge them of names of
persons not entitled to vote at the coming
election.
Twenty deputies are actively engaged In
making a canvass of all lodging-houses in
order to tally the residents with the
names that appear, on the registration
lists.
Yesterday a number of cases were re
ported to Registrar Walsh by his depu
ties where persons could not be found at
the addresses given on the registered list
of voters.
The notorious Baltimore House at 502
Bush street is a case in point. The house
was closed by the police some months ago
and a number of men on the registration
lists gave their residence as that place.
These men will be notified to appear be
fore the Election Commissioners and they
will be asked to show cause why their
names should not be stricken from the
list of voters. Another case is that of the
house which formerly stood at 162 Jessie
street, which was recently tern down.
The men who appear on the registration
lists as residing at the Baltimore House
and who have been cited to appear be
fore the Election Commissioners to-day
are Eugene F. Cooper, Charles F. Con
way, George \V. Carpenter. Frank Clarke,
Thomas T. Enright, William H. Gaylord,
John Garvey, Alfred B. Galllndo, Charles
Higson. Lawrence D. O'Nell and Charles
E. S. Weeks.
The three men registered from the house
en Jessie street which has been torn down
are C. S. Hubner, W. McCann Neilaon
and Samuel "Wenger.
Citizens of the Forty-First Assembly District Arranging a Big Meeting in
Behalf of Henry J. Crocker, Who Is an Honored Resident of That
Section of the City, and Their Choice for the Important Office
Gus Gardner Loses on a Foul.
SAGIXAW. Mich., Oct. 12.— Gus Gardner
of Philadelphia lost to Henry Lemons, the
colored pugilist of New York, on a foul
in the fifth round of what was to have
been a flftfeen-round bout here to-night.
Gardner had the better of Lemons, knock
ing him down repeatedly in the third,
fourth and fifth round.-!, but persisted In
striking in the clinches after being re
peatedly warned not to do so.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Charles S. Deneen.
State's Attorney or Cook County, announced his
candidacy for the Republican nomination for
Governor to-night.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 12.— The
training table for th«? varsity football players
will be introduced !n Palo Alto to-morrow. Th*
eleven men who will begin regular diet under
the direction of Trainer Moulton are: W E
Dale. D. Tarpey. W. R. Schofleld. L. B. Bans
bach. A. E. Preston. G. Clark, W. K. Spratt.
E. Stlllman. C. H. Thompson. O. E. Hyde, c!
D. Hauvcrmann. These men are most promi
nent candidates for positions on this year's var
sity eleven.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 12.— At a meeting of
the Mercantile Club in Kansas City, Kans., to
night the committee appointed to investigate
the aliened Doodling of members of the school
board of that city submitted a report recom
mending that a Grand Jury be called to probe
the alleged school board scandal.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12. — The contract for
the erection of the public building at Seattle
has been awarded to Ma sr rath & Duhamel of
Seattle for $f.O5,0O0. The building Is to be of
Chuckamuk stone.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador. Oct. 12. — It is an
nounced that President Plaza Intends to go
to the United states shortly. He will remain
there long enough to visit the St. Louis Ex
position.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12. — Word has been
received at the White House from Governor
Taft that he will bv here, rpady to assume his
new duties as Secretary of War. some time in
January.
JLong's Supporters Organize.
Permanent organization of the Percy V.
Long Republican Club was effected last
night in Alcazar Hall by the election of
Charles Albert Adams as president, C. N.
Fick'ert vice president and Lester Burnett
secretary. Percy V. Long, Republican
candidate for City Attorney, made a
happy speech, thanking his numerous
supporters for their eflorts in hia behalf.
Addresses were also made by John S.
Partridge, Judge J. J. Van Nostrand, E.
Van der Naillen. Judge Daniels, Al.
Wheelan, E. M. Ritter, Senator Frank
French, John Koch, Isidore Golden and
others. Several hundred new names were
added to the membership of the roll.
Much enthusiasm prevailed among the
large crowd present, and pledges were
made on all sides that every effort would
be put forth for the election of the candi
date whose name the club bears.
John, J.' Greif Club Organized.
Three hundred representatives from the
various Assembly districts assembled in
Pythian Hall last night for the purpose
of forming a club to further the candi
dacy of John J. Grelf, nominee for Coun
ty Clerk on the Republican ticket. It was
decided to call the organization the John
J. Greif Republican Club, and State Sen
ator Alaher was selected temporary chair
man. Addresses strongly indorsing
Grelf's candidacy were made by George
R. Wells, Justice of the Peace J. J. Van
Nostrand, J. C. . Flood and others. Com
mittees were appointed to draft bylaws,
and an adjournment was taken until Fri-^
day night at the same place, when a per
manent organization will be formed.
VETERAN SHOWMAN DIES
AFTER MUCH SUFFERING
Colonel Boone, Confederate Soldier
and Famous Animal Trainer,
Joins Big Majority. '
Colonel E. Daniel Boone, Confederate
veteran, showman, and for the past two
years in charge of the Zoo at the Chutes,
passed away yesterday at the California
General Hospital, after much suffering.
The doughty Colonel had been attacked
with cancer of the throat and underwent
several operations, but from the first
there was little hope of saving his, life.
During the Midwinter Fair Colonel
Boone came into particular prominence
in • the city because of his connection
with an animal show that proved one ot
the Imposing attractions. After the fair
he went East, but two years ago re
turned to San 'Francisco.
In his youth Colonel Boone was a cir
cus performer, and gained considerable
reputation as a trainer of animals. He
was a native of Kentucky, 61 years of
age. A widow and two daughters sur
vive the deceased. '
. SAUSALITO. Oct. 12.— The North Shore
Railroad Company has decided, to retain, all
Its locomotive enclneern, but transfer them to
the motor cars of the electric trains. Knowing
the tracks so well. It was deemed advisable
to kee? the same men and make them mo
torneers.
Sausalito Surprised at
News of a Secret
Marriage.
Entries Suspended Be
cause of Alleged
Frauds.
Judge Decides That San
Jose Is. Liable for
a Debt.
Damagijig ' Testimony
Against Folsom Con
vict Murphy.
MONTANA LANDS
ARE WITHDRAWN
FOREMAN SAYS
HE SAW KNIFE
FRIENDS LEARN
OF A ROMANCE
CITY MUST PAY
FOR THE HOSE
VOTERS ARE RALLYING TO STANDARD
OF REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR MAYOR
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. OCTOBER 13, 1903.
In goinff* home . after a day's shopping,,
what a relief to know that the gas range
will cook supper so quick. We sell ranges
and heaters. The cars stop at our door.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
415 Post street. •
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Oct. 12.—Every
thing: was quiet here to-day after yester
day's . riotous scenes Incident to the street
car strike. There was.no further rioting,
and all cars were running with the excep
tion of those on a small line. . :v "
End of Bioting in Son Antonio.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Even unto old age you may feel the vigor of youth, with its
light heart, elastic step, courage and tireless energy. You may be
free from pains and aches and defy your years.
ArS / '£§nj* claim, as other people have.
% 3 fr^ " I Ai^ STR0NG! "
t j r *Sl/'~* -^r Like the giants of old. you can b<; in
-^— K-r 'If your prime at sixty — strong, vigorous and
ff , ft full of youthful enthusiasm.
/*»* -% / DR. M. C. McLATJGHLIJJ— D*ar Sir: I have
"V^ji *%•*¦ J& onIy worn U 1 * Eelt for 8lx weeks and It has
7 ' fwv!Svfr>£>f3F done fine in my cat*. Every sis;n of rain and
/ '^Wp^"*'^*^^? weakness has left my If? and I am a.5 well as
W $£&££&?'*'&& pver - 1 was f l uite Iame when I first wrote you.
jJl JagBSBr ' ' jBSk but am a11 over tflat now - Yours gratofullj.
' J&A r£Z%&iiSs. GPjfk T ' H " FLA(;LKri ' Benton. Cal.
EaBA§B&&&r > ' If you ' wl TOune you are young. Youth t»
MiW : 1^ strength. If you have strength you can defy
dxjfcJIlJSp'^ -J&Vi&&k Jour vear9 - iJ y Electric l!Ht will warm your
heart and fill your body with the fire of youth.
V&V&j^&'ifirflfl&T^J '* wl " limlier y° ur Jo'nts and put sprinss in
jHWHpMM&laPMflMr £¦ your legs. It will make you feel glad with the
.H joya of youthful vigor.
mSffSSKn'mBSS.-- ki DR. McI-AUGHMN— Dear Sir: After u«in«
"^"' I JfcA Tl your Relt two months I can now say that I am
Qsm entirely cur«vi. My back wa>i torrlbiy weak ant!
JjSsEgpVjy V painful ut the time I began to wear the tlrlt,
/©3»rr'-^ T»"\S but am Pleased to ?ay that the trouble ha*
w|5r 1} jfif entirely dirappeared and that the Belt has done
'^W /kA 1*^3 all and more than you claimed It would. I
. JOLL 'i— -iJ^L. think a ewat deal of the Belt and will gp*ak
ggj^-jXfe'a^g^gglgf ? \~^^i a Eood word for you whenever I can. Youth
W^^^^'.US^^^k .SifSl^ * rY "HUGH LARSON*. Clancy. Montana.
W™*M«iiV>^^5S53rel^^SM» Isn't that food for skeptics? Such letters as
I receive would convert even a bizoted old
MVtp>%^^»^^:^^^^^lSffidM school doctor, and he can see no Rood in any-
thins but phy?lc. Give me a man with pains in
•*" ''<*' -. ¦ his back, a dull ache In hi3 muscles or Joints.
"come-and-go" pains In' his shoulders, chest
and sides. Sciatica In his hip. Lumbago. Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my
Belt will pour the oil of life Into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt Is worn.
It's as cood tor women as for men. "Worn while you sjeea. It causes no trouble.
You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, as
In old-style belts.
Call to-day or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to read If
he wants to be a strong man. I send it sealed, free. Cut out this ad.
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, •SUKS.S?-
Office Hours — S a. m. to S p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ean Francisco, Tuesday, 13 October, 1903.
furnishings
Something that every home needs, and you may
not be able to duplicate it at the price later on. Built
of oak, golden finish, and provided with a French
bevel plate mirror and a spacious cabinet. We sell a
good many for use in apartments and flats where econ-
omy of space is necessary. It's more than the ordinary
twenty-two dollars' worth — come and see.
Ask this question when you are buying carpets:
"Is this a dyed in the yarn carpet or printed?" Close
examination will show the difference plainly and con-
vince you that the question is an important one. Not 1
a yard of printed carpet on the Breuner Carpet Floor I
— something no other carpet store can truthfully say.
A splendid grade of tapestry at 85 cents.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)*
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoThe Supreme Court has decided that final decrees
of : divorce may not be obtained within this State
until the expiration of a year from the grant of the
interlocutory decree. Even this decision is a con
cession to the demand of self-respecting citizens that
the marriage contract be a trifle more binding and
permanent than an agreement to barter a season's
crops. '•¦¦•-
In the revelations which have followed the gigantic
smash of the shipbuilding trust one fact asserts itself
pre-eminently. The organizers of the concern left
nbsolutely nothing undone to justify us in calling
them thieves of monumental assurance and manipu
lators princely in their conception of their chosen pro
fession.
Several of the Servian officers who conspired
against the murderers of King Alexander and Queen
Draga have been sent to prison for their bold pro
test against the policy of assassination. And still
Servia asks the world to accept it as a civilized,
Christian nation. It must exhibit something more
than the ethics of an Apache to be included within
the pale.,
The glint of British muskets was seen not long
since in Boston streets, but it was the glint of
friendly muskets upheld to the sun by the arms of
men who had crossed the seas to extend greetings of
comradeship and good will. Time works changes in
nations no less than in individuals, and the soldiers
of two nations who met then in fraternity cared little
what their great-grandfathers had done in the days of
strife gone by.
A MUNICIPAL campaign must in the very na
ture of things be nearly always a campaign
of personalities, since the personal qualifica
tions of the various candidates for the performance
cf the tutics of the offices to which they aspire arc
matters of serious concern, not to taxpayers only, nor
even to voters only, but to the whole community. In
weighing the merits of the rival aspirants for any of
nce it is never necessary to cast unjust aspersions
upon one for the purpose of advocating another, if
that ether have in himself any fitness for the place
and any worth that is deserving of honor. It is for
that reascr. that in this campaign the. Republican
press and Republican orators have had no unfair
word to say against their opponents. They have
tound iurncient argument in presenting to the people
the urgent ueedof a business administration, and the
undoubted qualifications of Henry J. Crocker for per
forming with genuine efficiency all the duties of the
Mayor's office.
The issue in that respect was clearly stated by
Samuel M. Shortridge in his letter read at the grand
ratification meeting on Saturday evening, in the
course of which he said: "I would attack no man's
character, I would impugn no man's motives; I would'
simply apply the Jeff ersonian test — integrity, capac
ity, fitness. Measuring candidates by that standard,
it will appear upon dispassionate reflection that the
city's great interests will be best guarded and ad
vanced by the election of Mr. Crocker. Friend of
all legitimate business enterprises and enemy of none,
looking toward the' steady and profitable employment
of labor and caoital. his election would mean, and h*»
To Debate for Handsome Cup.
The San Francisco Debating League will
hold its third debate and dance on Thurs
day night, October 13, at Golden Gate
Hall. The subject of debate on that-even
ing between the . Wilmerding Debating
Club and the Lyceum Literary and Social
Society will be, "Resolved, that immigra
tion is detrimental to the United States."
The Wilmcrdlng team will be composed
of William Heldenreich, Fred Berg and
Milton Clark. Those who will uphold the
Lyceum side of the argument will be Miss
M. A. .Albrecht, Miss I*. K. Dlnklage and
Miss E. Braunstein. The judge3 will be
Ralph C. Harrison, Judge Frank H.
Dunne and Justice of the Peace Percy V.
I.ong. The club winning the first three
debates will be given a handsome cup.
League of Cross Entertainment.
A specialty entertainment and dance
will be given by Company H, League of
the Cross Cadets, at Native Sons' Hall to
morrow evening. The curtain will rise
at 8 o'clock. Dancing will close the en
tertainment.
INTEGRITY, CAPACITY, FITNESS.
On a ranch near Pleasanton a few days ago two
Indian women fought a duel with knives. " The sub
ject of the discussion was a Mexican and the object
the possession of his affections. One of the ladies
is now .largely mince-meat and the other is in jail,
but both are probably happy in the reflection that
they so gallantly have made their sacrificial offering
to the god of love.
The trial of George Beavers, many times and va
riously indicted for alleged crimes against the national
postoffice, has commenced. In his present hour of,
need he may take one consolation to himself. If he
were convicted and sentenced on every charge
against him he could plead that the punismnent, cov
ering the life spans of half a dozen ordinary men,
would be unusual, unnatural and contrary to the prac
tice of a civilized nation.
Optimists still find hope for the Panama canal be
cause the lower house of the Colombian Congress
has not yet had an opportunity to vote upon the pro
posed measure. If the members of the lower house
are of the same breed as the upper house the vote will
probably indicate nothing more significant than an
increased circulation of cash among legislators of the
United States of Colombia.
At a recent Women's Congress., representative of
the best elements of the life of Hamburg, the ladies
permitted the balance of opinion in a debate to de
cide that corsets and jewelry are relics of barbarous
times not to be endured by women of the twentieth
century. It was very significant though that the
question was not put to a vote. The fair debaters
preferred to reserve the privilege of revising their
own opinion. Jewelry and corsets will still remain
on the market.
Many Chinese to Be Deported.
BOSTON, Oct. 11— Of the 350 or more
Chinese taken into custody here yester
day because they could not produce regis
tration certificates about 130 were re
leased during the night, friends having
placed the requisite papers before the
Federal authorities. The police say that
most of the others probably will be de
ported. A large number claim that their
certificates have been lost, but the act of
Congress makes no provision for such loss
and In such case, the authorities say,
deportation must take place.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12. — The United
States Supreme Court to-day convened
for the October term, but, without trans
acting any business beyond the admission
of a number of attorneys, adjourned to
make a formal call upon the President,
following the usual custom. The entire
bench ¦was present, including Justice Day,
who was so ill last spring that he had
been unable to attend the sittings of the
court for several weeks before its ad
journment in May. The docket of the
court now contains 438 cases, 132 of which
have been docketed during the recess.
Federal Supreme Court Convenes.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12. — The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco— E. Bethune at «the Park
Avenue, A. J. Brand at the St. Dennis,
II. R. Bryan at the Normandle, R. Cor
nelius at the Ashland, J. Duane at the
Grand Union, Miss F. A. Durden at the
New Amsterdam, P. D. Pare at the
Grenoble, R. P. M. Eberle at the West
minster, Mrs. Goldsmith at the Hoffman,
Miss C. L. Griffith at the Victoria, E.
Harper and wife at the Hoffman, J. H.
Johnson and wife at the Manhattan, R.
Keating at the Astor, P. T. Knowing
and wife at the St. Dennis, D. Lyons at
the Grand Union, J. W. Norrls at the
Gilsey, II. B. Varney at the Plaza. W. H.
Whcatley and wife at the Herald Square,
E. Wieland at the Hoffman, W. L. Wood
at the Navarre, F. Zap at the Hoffman,
Miss M. Elzey at the St. Dennis, Miss M.
Farrell at the Park Avenue.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. Butler at the
Earlington, W. E. Chambers at the Gil
sey, J. Flnlayson at the Astor, Miss Ger
hardt at the New Amsterdam, B. R.
Miller and wife at the Hoffman. J. R.
Newberry at the Holland, T. Hayne at
the Grand, W. H. S. Welch and wife at
the Broadway Central. ¦ "
Californians in New York.
Peter J. McGlynn, the well-known
real estate agent, and his children, who
have been traveling through the East,
returned yesterday and are sU the Lick.
Commander C. E. Fox, U. S. A., and
Mrs. Fox arrived from Washington yes
terday and are registered at the Occi
dental.
George Clark, district superintendent of
the Pullman Company, has resigned his
position and cone to Chicago.
Thomas Derby, who is connected with
the management of the New Almaden
quicksilver mines, is at the Palace.
M. H. Flint, superintendent of the rail
way mail service, is up from Los An
geles and registered at the Occidental.
E. A. Sterling and H. J. Thompklns of
the Agricultural Department at Washing
ton are at the Occidental.
Dr. W. J. Malloy of Washington is at
the Occidental.
Captain Healy oi the cutter Thetis and
wife are at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. R. F. Weir of New York
are registered at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. J. B. Cutter of Albu
querque are at the California.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent of
Public Schools, and wife are at the Pal
ace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The people have voted ample means to their gov
ernment, to be spent in accentuating the natural
charms of our location and in providing for the
health and happiness of our rapidly increasing popu
lation. The Republican party should take pride in
accepting and faithfully discharging a trust so im
portant. The ratification meeting indicates that it
feels its capacity and is confident of its power and
purpose. This feeling attracts to it the independent
vote of the city, and wins also many of the opposi
tion, who are tired of taking promises from their
leaders which are never kept.
THE great meeting on Saturday night to ratify
the Republican city ticket was significant of the
rousing of a proper civic spirit in the party.
Had the occasion been the ratification of a national
ticket, it could hardly have been more noticeable for
the greatness of its enthusiasm and the greatness of
the speeches, which uttered the purpose of the party
to assume the great trust of government.
For many years the city has been governed by
the opposition. It has reached power by making
many promises. How few of these have been ful
filled is shown by the interesting fact that two anti-
Republican candidates are now in the field, each
asking to be elected Mayor in order that he may
redeem pledges that were made seven years ago, but
still remain dishonored. In that time the city has
progressed greatly. Its advance has been pushed by
the private prosperity that in those years has come
to the whole country, and of which an abundant
share has fallen to San Francisco. That prosperity
began when the rational administration became Re
publican, and has increased year by year with the
party in continued power.
What change has come upon the face of the city
<lue to public administration has been pioneered and
forced by civic organizations, that reflect the general
prosperity. But little, indeed, has originated with
the city government, or in the efforts of those who
h&ve controlled it. Mr. Lane admits that the city is
Republican, so that there can be no doubt that the
party of the majority may take the government if it
will. In a high sense this admission puts the Re
publican party on»trial. If it conclude itself fit to
govern San Francisco, it will do so. If it conclude
that another party may govern the city, it will per
mit it by voting another ticket or by not voting at
all.
It is seldom that an issue with cleaner edge is
presented to a party. The governing of the city is a
public duty. It should not be sought for the emolu
ments it carries, nor for pride of place and position.
The only justifiable motive for seeking it is to use
it well, in the interest of all the people.
We have had a long siege of opposition govern
ment, which has been impeached by those responsi
ble for it. The Republican party can surely do no
worse than it is charged the opposition has done.
It can so easily do better that every Republican
voter should have the pride to want to try. The next
two years will be important years in the history of
this city, and it is no campaign talk to say that upon
the character of the local government for that time
will depend important things in all the future of San
Francisco.
THE GREAT RATIFICATION
As a priest his early work was in the
territory along the Potomac River. In
May, 1S75, he was consecrated Bishop of
Wheeling. He ruled that diocese until
June 13, 1S03, when he was appointed co
adjutor to the Most Rev. Richard Peter
Kenlck of St. Louis. Upon the death of
that prelate he succeeded to the archbish
opric of St. Louis, on May 21, 1S35.
Sanitarium, where he has been a
patient for several weeks, the physicians
report that there are no hopes for his re
covery and that It Is evident he is suffer
ing no pain.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 12.— Because of the se
rious illness of Archbishop Kain he was
relieved of the active work of this arch
diocese several months ago by Bishop
Glennon of Kansas City, who was ap
pointed coadjutor.
Archbishop Kain is one of the most
widely known and most popular prelates
in the United States. Born In Martins
burg, Berkeley County, West Virginia,
on May 31, 1841, of Irish parentage, he re
ceived in early life the training which
made his work in the church such that
he forged to the front quickly. His pre
paratory education for the priesthood was
received in St. Charles Seminary, Ellicott,
Md., where he was graduated In 1S62. Hs
then entered St. Mary's College, at Bal
timore, which institution was the scene of
his higher studies. He was ordained a
priest by Archbishop Spaulding on July
2, 1868.
ALTIMORE, Oct. 12.— The condi
tion of Archbishop Kain Is still
unchanged. He became uncon-
scious yesterday. At St. Agnes
The chief feature of the grand reception was a ban
quet given in Symphony Hall, at which about 900
people sat down. Over that banquet the Boston
papers began raving for some days before it took
place, and it is probable they will never quit. It ap
pears the banquets of Lucullus were but side-table
lunches when compared to this great Symphonic
feast. The Boston Globe gives the figures thus:
Total cost of the banquet, $60,000; cost of serving
each individual, $75; time spent in preparing for it.
twelve months; time spent in arranging the light ef
fects, thirty days; miles .of wire used in lighting, 450;
number of people employed in serving the dinner,
Soo; number of waiters, 300; gallons of wine served,
400; number of cigars served in ?silver cases, 2500;
value of cigars, $800; number of electric glo"bes used
in decoration, 15.000.
What, more could anybody ask. New York and
Wall street may smash and Chicago may lose herself
in the mud of Cook County, but Boston will flourish
like eternal light, extending to every Honourable of
any part of the globe a perpetual welcome to halls
of Symphony, to floods of wine and feasts of electric
lights — for so far as we can learn from our Boston
exchanges there was no food on tit* tables, at least
there is no statement of the cost of it.
WHILE Chicago has been celebrating a cen
tennial of progress and of boom, while New.
York has been watching the various flur
ries in Wall street and giving amazed attention to
the disclosures concerning the inner workings of the
shipbuilding trust, Boston has been enjoying the
quiet and unostentatious way in which her Ancient
and Honorable Artillery Company has entertained
the Honourable Artillery Company of London. The
entertainment was strictly Bostonian, and very ex
clusive. The people of the neighboring cities were
invited to do no more than take notice of the ex
quisite courtesy shown by Boston in spelling the
title of their own artillery in the American fashion,
while carefully remembering on every occasion to
spell the title of the London company after the
British fashion — "Honourable."
The occasion was a glad one in Boston for many
reasons. Inthe first place, Chicago in her centennial
celebration ventured to get a number of boomers to
undertake an automobile ride of 150 miles round
about Chicago, the object being to show what a
matchless system of boulevards she has, or will have
when she gets them fixed up. The reports that went
back to Boston of the results of the Chicago ven
ture filled the Bostonian mind with a pleasure that
almost reached the point of glee; and one of the
leading papers of the city said of the adventurers:
"They had various experiences before they got back,
but the beauties of what they describe are quite won
derful. Chicago's ambition is very laudable, but be
fore her guests get stuck too deeply again in the
quagmires of Cook County, it might be well for her
to send a commission over to Boston to see what
this city has done in the line of establishing a metro
politan park system."
Feeling good over the superiority of her parks and
drives when compared with those of which Chicago
has boasted so much, Boston felt better still when
she compared her easy and secure wealth with the
bull-tossed and bear-squeezed so-called "securities"
of New York; therefore she resolved to make her re
ception of the Honourables of London an occasion
for showing the world that she has more money than
beans, and a capacity for spending it that is virtually
without a limit.
BOSTON'S BIG TIME
Report has it that King Peter of Servia has been
imprisoned in a Belgrade fortress by the assassins of
Alexander and Draga and is being forced to submit
affairs of state to their murderous dictation. King
Peter is evidently learning the bitter lesson that by
their deeds we know men and out of murder no good
can come.
TUESDAY OCTOBER 13, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communiutions to JOHN McNAUGHT. M^^
TELEPHONE^
A.8k for THE CALL, The Operator Will Connect
Ycu "With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIO3T OFFICE... SlarVet and Third, 9. F.
KD1TORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct*.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T«rm« by Mali. Inrfodin* Postage (Cash With Order)!
OAH-T CJLLL (lndndlnc Sunday), one T**r *?"Z»
DJULT CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 month! £?
DA1LT CALL— By Single Month •»«
6CNDAT CALL. On* Tear *•***
WEEKLT CAT. I* On« Tear Jr.
f Daily.. . «S.8O Per Tear Extra.
rO&EXGN POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.J 8 Per Tear Extra.
I Weekly.. LOO Per Tear Extra
AJ1 postmasters are nnthori«ed to receir*
subscriptions.
Etmnle ecplea will be forwarded when requested-
Stall snbecrlbere In ordering change of aA&rtta ehould be
particular to «ive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
» tasur* * prompt and correct ccmpllanc* with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY' OFFICE.
tl*8 Center Street Telephone North 7,
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UOIITOX E. CRAXE 1406 G Street, W. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STAN1>S:
tTaldorf-Aatorla. Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Ksrray P»i Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennas House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Treaont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS Marquette BulldinB
<Lon* Distance Telephone, "Central 2C19.")
IfZW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Build In it
-NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAELTOX Herald Square
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner ef Clay, open
etttll 8:80 o'clock. S00 Hayea, op*n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
• :8O o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1009 Va
lencia, open until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c' clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan street*, open
cctll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until » o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
"The language attributed to him is very
improbable and until I hear to ti con
trary and have some other guarantee for
believing that Mr. Aylesworth has so ex
pressed himself I shall believe that this
interview, like many others, was not an
expression of the views of Mr. Ayles
worth."
Sir Wilfrid Laurier replied that the
Government had taken no steps to ascer
tain whether the alleged interview had
taken place or not. He added:
"We assume that this interview had
not the character attributed to it. Mr.
Aylesworth is a counsel of very great
eminence and I would hesitate to believe,
and I think my honorable friend would
have equal hesitation, that Mr. Ayles
worth would have expressed any opinion
on a matter which is sub judlce and in
which he himself is one of the judges.
"It seems to me rather unusual and I
decline to believe that Mr. Aylesworth
could have used the language attributed
to him."
While nothing can be known definitely,
a very hopeful feeling prevails in Ameri
can circles. A significant reflex of tni»
appears in to-day's Times. .Dealing with
the difficulties encountered in the selec
tion of a new British Embassador to the
United States and the irritation which he
would have to tace both in Canada and
the United States if the tribunal broke
up with a disagreement, the Times says:
"We rejoice to say that there is believed
to be something more than a possibility
that an award may be agreed upon, or
rather that seven questions may be so
answered as to end the matter."
The Commissioners adjourned for the
day without having reached a decision.
John W. Foster and the American
counsel of the Alaskan Boundary Com
mission entertained the arbitration com
missioners and the English counsel at a
dinner to-night at the Carleton Hotel.
Embassador Choate. Lord Strathcona
and Sir Thomas Sanderson, permanent
Under Foreism Secretary, were the
guests of the evening. Forty-one persons
were present. No speeches were made.
OTTAWA, Ont., Oct. 12.— In Parliament
to-day Minister Borden asked if the
Prime Minister had taken any steps to
verify the accuracy of an alleged inter
view with Mr. Aylesworth, one of the
commissioners on the Alaskan boundary
question. Borden said the telegraphic re
port contained certain observations both
with regard to his duties as commissioner
and with regard to his views on matters
now the subject of political controversy
in the United Kingdom. Borden contin
ued:
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The last stage of
the Alaskan boundary arbitration began
to-day when the Commissioners met In
secret session to consider their verdict.
Senator Lodge and Professor Sir Lewis
Jote, one of the Canadian Commission
ers, were early on hand, and War Secre
tary Root and Senator Turner followed
them into the Cabinet room of the For
eign Office, where the deliberations are
being held. Later Commissioner Ayles
worth of Canada, who had been In the
country, ?ut in an appearance.
In a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York the venerable Abram S. Hewitt, cx-member of
Congress and former chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, in commenting on the course
of the Hearst papers as inciting to murder, and re
ferring to Hearst personally, said: "So long as men
prominent in public life, or in the walks of business,
or in the spheres of society, are willing to recognize
by social receptions, by newspaper subscriptions, the
influence which we all recognize as at the foundation,
of this sad development of public opinion, so long
as gentlemen in your position shall give your coun
tenance, either by social intercourse or otherwise, to
these enemies of mankind, to these traitors to human
ity, it is idle to deplore events like the murder of
President McKinley."
So, in near fields and far, the Examiner and its
associates have gleaned for a form of attack upon
men, that is peculiar in its chattering malice and its
appeal to violence. In frankness it must be admitted
that much of its grossest conduct in that respect has
been aimed at the men locally or nationally eminent
in its own party. If the best element in Democracy
should get control in localities and in the nation and
nominate a ticket representative of the party's for
mer virtues, it would be hard to find men for can
didates who have not been attacked by the Hearst
newspapers. Therefore the Examiner's resoft to the
' parallel is labor in vain in this community, where
the best men in its own political party know that
if they go before the public as candidates the Exam
iner parallel can be pulled on them.
TO hide its own humiliation and its surrender to
McNab and Lane, the Examiner is engaged in
aiming the deadly parallel at its contempor
aries. In that sort of sport the Examiner has no
monopoly, since no newspaper in the country is more
open to retaliation. All newspapers that have inde
pendent views occasionally find it necessary to criti
cize individuals and to disagree with party action.
When this is caused by a definite and inflexible view
of principle, or is based upon some passing issue that
is for the moment important, the act is justifiable
and needs no apology. But the Examiner's bolts of
its party, and its attacks upon members thereof, have
seldom had any better excuse than personal ma
lignity.
It pursued Stephen M. White with the keenest per
sonal rancor and smote him during the whole of his
illustrious public career. For a long time California
had a solitary Democratic Representative in Con
gress, the Hon. Marion de Vries. The Examiner
blacklisted him and tracked him ceaselessly with
venom and spite and the most pronounced hatred.
Yet he was a gentleman, a party man and an able
representative. When Wiley B. Tinnin, an eminent
Democrat, was serving as Surveyor of the Port, the
Examiner said of him: "It is an established fact
that Tinnin is a thief." Ex-Mayor Phelan is known
to be a backer of Lane. The Examiner hunted
Phelan throughout his last term as Mayor, and hardly
let a day go by without throwing mud at him and
his administration. It pursued School Director
Denman until two of its men got an admonitory
thrashing, and then quit through fear of more pun
ishment. It. attacked Lane before his nomination
for the Governorship and bolted him in the cam
paign.
To extend the history of its party bolts in this
State and of its virulent attacks on party leaders and
nominees would require a newspaper page. In na
tional matters it has pursued the same course. It
brought all of its resources of billingsgate and pub
licity to bear upon President Cleveland during his
last administration, and rotten-egged him into pri
vate life.
As late as March 31, 1898, William Randolph
Hearst said: "And McKinley — bar one girthy Prince
ton person who came to be no more, no less, than
a living breathing crime in breeches — is the most
despised and hated creature in the hemisphere. His
name is hooted, his figure burned in effigy." The
"girthy person" was Mr. Cleveland.
As we have said, in characterizing Hearst's attacks
on President Roosevelt, the abuse of public men by
his papers is intensely personal and has no relation
whatever to proper criticism. That it is an expres
sion of personal hatred merely is proved clearly by
its studied incitement to murderous attack upon its
objects. In one of these attacks upon McKinley
Hearst said: "It is foolish for an anarchist to aim
his blood and thunder at the old-fashioned little
kings and emperors when the real kings are so" near
at home." Thi? was said between the time of the
assassination of the King of Italy and the murder
of McKinley, The King's assassin had been appoint
ed to that duty by the anarchist circle of Paterson,
New Jersey, and had crossed the ocean to commit
the crime.
THE DEADLY PARALLEL
GRIM REAPER
SOON TO CLAIM
NOTED PRELATE
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. Oct. 12.—Gov
ernor Hunt returned here to-day from
Ponce, where he attended a. banquet in
celebration of the extension of the Amer
ican railway In the Island. During the
Governor's absence the anti-American
Socialists and anarchists had a clash with
the police on the plaza of this city. Forty
arrests were made, and many prisoners
were to-day convicted and sentenced to
six months' Imprisonment, Including the
anarchist Conde. who was recently con
victed of insulting the American flag.
The clash was due to the Socialists,
who attacked the police. The latter or
dered the mob to disperse, and on meet-
Ing with a refusal they used their c.'ubs
freely.
Americans here are particularly in
censed at the carrying of black and red
flags and a craped American flag by a
mob yesterday as an incitement to disor
der. Conde delivered a very offensive
harangue, in which he approved of the
mob resorting to bloodshed if necessary.
The Americana demand the punishment
of all the dangerous Socialists and are
overwhelming Governor Hunt with assur
ances of support in a vigorous campaign
to- uphold law and order. They urged that
an immediate death blow be given to an
archy here. The city la quiet to-day.
More of the men arrested for attacking
the police will be tried to-morrow.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A BACK DATE— Subscriber, City. The
10th of February, 1363, fell on Wednes
day.
WAGES— H. 8., City. Wages In San
Francisco are to a certain extent regu
lated by demand and supply.
BACK NUMBERS— G., Oakland, Cal.
For back numbers of The Call maka ap
plication to the business office of th.9 pa
per, giving exact dates.
SUMMER RESORTS— F. E. C, Ala
meda, Cal. This department has not th»
space to publish a list of the summer re
sorts of the United States.
BRIDAL VEIL— Enquirer, City. Th»
idea of putting a veil upon the maid be
fore marriage was to conceal her blushes
at the first touch of the man's hand and
at the closing kiss.
DEPOSITARY— A. C. City. A deposi
tary Is one who receives a tru3t or a
place that receives deposits, . said of
banks; a depository is a place where any
thing Is lodged for safe keeping.
THE ANGOLA DISASTER-F. E., City.
The Angola disaster on the Lake Shore
road, at Angora, occurred December IS.
1867. The Ashtabula disaster, also on the
Lake Shore road, occurred December 28,
1STS.
PORTUGUESE WARSHIPS— G.. Oak
land. Cal. Since 1901 there has been built
for the Portuguese navy, according to
Brassey's Annual, the Relnha. Amelia and
the Vasco da Gama was being modern
ized.
REVERSED STAMP-E. D., City. In
what some persons term the "language
of stamps" an inverted stamp means
"write no more," that Is if the inverted
stamp ia on the right hand corner of the
envelope; if inverted on the left hand
corner It means that the writer declares
affection for the receiver.
GRAPE JUICE— Constant Reader. N'o
vato. Cal. The following is given as a
method for making grape juice: Put
twenty pounds of ripe, fresh picked, well
selected grapes Into a stone jar and pour
on them six quarts of boiling water; when
the wafer has cooled enough squeeze the
grapes well with the hand, cover the jar
with a oloth and let it stand for»three
days; then press out the juice, add ten
pounds of crushed sugar and let it stand
for a week. Then scum, strain and bottle,
corking loosely. When the fermentation
is complete strain again, bottle and cork
tightly. The bottles should lie on the
side in a cool place.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tne
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main. 1042: •
COMMISSIONERS
CONSIDER THE
OUNDARY CASE
understood throughout the Union to mean, that San
Francisco wants industrial peace and harmonious co
operation of all her people; it would be an absolute
gu?rsntee of an intelligent and progressive and, at
the same time, an honest, conservative and safe ad
ministration."
It is the consciousness of having such a candidate
for the Mayoralty that enables Republicans at this
time to make effective appeals to independents and
to conservative Democrats and labor unionists for
support for Mr. Crocker and his colleagues on the
party ticket. Good government in a municipality
depends, after all, mainly upon the men who admin
ister it. Integrity, capacity and fitness — those are the
thiee essentials, and the people should accept no man
for any office who falls short in any one of them.
SOCIALIST MOB
DEFIES POLICE
OF PORTO RICO
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13. 1903.
CATHOLIC PRELATE WHOSE
RECOVERY FROM ILLNESS
APPEARS IMPROBABLE.
Princess Alice of Battenberg and Prince Andrew
of Greece have been married civilly and have twice
accepted evangelical marital bonds to love and honor
and she to obey. This triple lock certainly ought to
cement this royal union if anything ceremonial on
tarth can do it.
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEANLY WOMAN.
Erroneously Thinks by Scouring Her
Scalp That She Cures Dandruff.
Cleanly woman has an erroneous idea
that by scouring the scalp, which removes
the dandruff scales, she. Is curing the dan-
druff. She may wash her sjcalp every
day, and yet have dandruff her life long,
accompanied by falling hair, too. The
only way in the world to cure dandruff Is
to kill the dandruff germ, and thera is no
hair preparation that will do that but
Newbro's Herpicide. Herpicide by killing
the dandruff strm leaves the hair free to
grow as healthy Nature, intended. De-
stroy the cause you remove the effect.
Kill the dandruff germ with Herpicide.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich. ;
LOVE'S VICTORY
ATJTHE POLLS
OFFICIAL Kansas is all amazement over a new element that
has just obtruded itself into American politics and— won out.
Official Kansas is investigating, but meantime the women of
an entire State are seeing to it that their triumph of the last few
weeks is maintained and the cause of true love holds full swav.
They fought in a way peculiarly feminine for their right to receive
their lovers and to be wooed and won and married when, where and how
they pleased. The men fought against it, but the women won. and in
pursuance of that victory thev dragged the defeated candidates out of
office by main force. Hence official Kansas' perturbation. Hence,
too. official Kansas' effort to keep the facts quiet unttl^ it gets full
and final report of this astounding condition of affairs. Meantime Hv-
men rules an entire State in a manner never before witnessed in all the
history of the world. The Sunday Call will put you in possession of all
the facts next Sunday, official Kansas' perturbation notwithstand-
ing.
And did you ever read of Delaroo? He was an Indian. He was
more. He was the shadow incarnate of Maje Sampson. He was even
more than that, rje was the best railroad character that ever caught
the facile pen of Frank H. Spearman, who is himself the best writer of
American railroad stories in the world to-day. This is Delaroo as
Spearman knew him:
"As long as Maie would talk Delaroo would listen. That single
word was, in fact, the kev to Delaroo^ Delaroo was a listener: for that
reason nobody knew much about him."
And this in brief is one of the most tense moments in all Spear-
man's exciting narrative of Delaroo's career:
"What do I think of it?" muttered^ Neighbor, when the local operator
asked him for a report for Callahan. "I think there's two engines for
the scrap in sight — and the 26a. if we can ever find anything of her — and
about a million sheet) to pav for — " Neighbor paused to give an order
and survey the frightful scene.
"And Delaroo." repeated the operator. "He wants to know about
Delaroo — "
"Missing."
If you have been reading Spearman's new series of two-oage stories
you will not need even these extracts to keep you on a sharp lookout for
Delaroo in the next Sunday Call. Spearman's stories are the sort that
you never forget. They get a grip on your memory like the mysterious
fascination of railroading itself. ¦,--;
However. Delaroo is only one of the big things in the next Sunday
Call, as, for instance. "The Golden Fetich." It is a new mystery story
— more mysterious even than "The Mystery Box," more exciting than
"Tainted Gold." more surprising by far than "Brewster's Millions." and
yet containing all the originality of these three and more. You've read
"them all in the Sunday Call. You know then what splendid cromise you
may expect in the first installment of "The Golden Fetich" next Sunday.
Then there is "The End of the Line," by Mrs. Edwin Knowles-
"The Man Who Won." by Edwin Lefeyre: Miss Partington's Prize
Paris Picture: "The Etiquette of the Coaching Girl," by Madge Moore-
"Education for Success." bv Sir John A. Cockburn. K. C. M. G.;
"Me-ows of a Kitty." bv Kate Thyson Marr; a full page of prize photo-
graphs from the Third San Francisco Salon, and — but there is alto-
gether too much to enumerate here. You'll have to see it all for your-LONDON. Oct. -12. — Mrs. Sherman, mother
in-law of Bradley Martin, died at the lat
day. .
Trask and Rogers, black face singing
and dancing comedians, made their first
appearance at the Chutes yesterday and
made great hits at both performances.
Their sand dance, illustrative of a base-
Chutes.
The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons will not be in session to-morrow,
as In the mornlne the officers thereof and
all the Masonic fraternities in this city
and Alameda County, after a Masonic
procession in this city, will proceed by
special trains to Decoto to be present at
the dedication of the Siminoff temple, do
nated to the Masonic Home by Sir Knight
Siminoff of California Commandery No. L
Knights Templar. That body, in full Tem
plar, uniform, will act as grand escort to
Most Worshipful Grand Master Orrln
Staples Henderson.
Siminoff Temple Dedication.
Ambroise Thomas' "Mignon" was given
an artistic interpretation by the Tivoli
grand opera company last night. That
the beautiful lyric opera Is always a fa
\orite with San Franrisco music lovers
was clearly demonstrated by the plaudits
of the audience. The members of the
company to whose tender mercies the
vocal score was consigned were all more
or Ies3 equal to the difficulties which the
pioduction of "Mignon" entails, and bar
ring a slight unacquaintance with the
music in certain unimportant parts inci
dent to a iirst night's production tho
opera was admirably presented.
To Cloe Marchesini was intrusted the
title role, which is as different to the
character of Carmen, in which she has al
ready achieved success, as day is to night.
In Mignon all the pent-up sorrow of a
woman whose love for a. man seems
doomed to disappointment is given its
fullest expression, and to say that Mar
chesini sang and acted the part admirably
Is putting it mildly. Marchesini was, if
anything, too somber in her portrayal of
the love-lorn gypsy girl. Her voice de
pict* a depth of pathos that is realistic
in the extreme, and the tender passages
were given with an intuitive knowledge of
their vocal requirements.
Adelina Tromben's Fellna was the exact
antithesis of Marcheslni's Mignon. Trom
ben was at all times Joyful, and the
rhythmic quality of her voice is admir
ably suited to the Joyous strains -which
Thomas has evolved for the gay actress.
Tromben at all times shows the thorough
cultivation which her voice has under
gone, and especially Is this true of the
"staccato" numbers, In which she Is per
fectly at home.
Miss Eugenie Barker was happily cast
Tivoli.
Grand Op^ra-House.
"Cleopatra" is the bill this week at the
Grand Opera-house.
Columbia.
"Florodora" is in its second week at the
Columbia.
Concert by Augusta Cottlow.
Augusta Cottlow will give her ilrst con
cert at Lyric Hall to-night, whem the
following programme will be presented:
Prclud# and fugue for orjran, D major.. ..Bach
(Arranged for piano by FVrruccio Busoni )
Miss Cottlow.
Violin *olo —
2. "Serenade" Haydn
. 3. Two movements from the sonata' In
B minor (a) Harabande, (b) Bou
*>ee Bach
4. Air Savoyard Vicui'tem^
« n eVerIe ••"« Vleuxtemps
6. Romanze ct Rondo Elegante"
Mr. Natorp Blumenfeld.
Caprlcclo. B minor op. 76 Brahms
Nocturne, P sharp minor, op. 48. No. 2. Chonln
Scherzo, C sharp minor, op. 39 Chnnin
Miss Cottlow. •••i-uopin
Romanze, A minor, od. 5.. Tschaikowsky
Ktude de Concert. D flat major Liszt
Polonaise, E major ' ' Vi.,.
Miss Cottlow. '""**
Trio for :>iano. violin and 'cello, B flat
major, op. 52 •••••••••; Rubinstein
(Moderato Asaal; andante; allegro mod
/erato: moderato.)
Miss Cottlow, Mr. Blumenfeld and Mr. Weiss
Mr. Fred Maurer will play the accompani
ment*.
Miss Cottlow's remaining concerts will
take place Thursday night and Saturday
afternoon. New programmes will be ren
dered at each concert.
A large audience greeted the players at
the Orpheum last night. The new num
bers and the holdovers are capable of at
tracting even a larger one.
Orpheum.
Fischer's.
"The Paraders" at Fischer's drew a
big house last night. It is in its second
week.
"A Midnight Bell." Hoyt's charming
New England comedy drama, captured
a crowded house at the Central Theater
la«>t night ?nd is by long odds the finest
production in which Comedian Stockwell
has yet appeared. The beautiful play 13
staged with a. perfectness of detail sel
dom attained anywhere. This is espe
cially true of the snow scene, in which
schoolboys and schoolgirls are observed
coastlng"down hill on sleds amid showers
of snowballs hurled by their sledless
schoolmates.
Another remarkably picturesque effect
is the village church, with its towering"
belfry from which the dramatic midnight
alarm is rung. The district school scene,
in which examinations are held by Dea
con Tidd (StockwelU. took the audience
by storm and the applause was wlldly
enthuslaptic. The chorus of children
singing "Cricket on the Hearth" and
"Hear dem Bells" made an immense hit,
as did also the programme of music at
the village sewing bff, whcr« the gossips
have their pay about their absent neigh
bors between* songs and discuss dough
nuts and cider to finish up with.
"A Midnight Bell" has many sweetly
pathetic touches woven into a fabric
composed for the most part of whole
some and healthful humor. It Is a posi
tive treat and the whole company seemed
to enter into the full spirit of the splen
did drama. "A Midnight Bell" was writ
ten for Stockwell and it was In that play
he scored a triumph at the Alcazar years
ago' Many people who. saw him. in the
original production cheered him last night
and curtain calls were tho rule after
every act. As Deacon Tidd Stockwell
proved a success. Herschel Mayall is
Just as good in the role of Lawyer Keano
ae Joe Grismer was when he played the
part here.
Eugenia Thais Lawton has the modest,
rather sad part of the persecuted school
teacher and she played it with admirable
fidelity Millar Bacon filled the amusing
role of the mischievous Martin Trlpp
with credit and Myrtle Vane made a de
lightful Dot. the soubrette part originated
bv Phebe Davis. Versatile Henry Shumer
had the most thankless role in all his
series of villains— that of the morphine
using bank cashier whose crime consti
tutes the motive of the story. •
George N'icholls as the Squire gave an
Impersonation full of merit and Edwin
Emery and Ernest Howell were convinc
ing a3 the Parson and the Squire's
nephew respectively. Georgle Wood
thorpe was in her element as the trouble
some old maid, and Elizabeth Harlston
and Lola Hinchcllff made the most of
minor roles. The case Is large and "A
Midnight Bell" may be put down as the
very best comedy-drama the Central has
produced this year.
Central.
California.
"Mr. Jolly of Jollet" amused a large
audience at the California laat night Ed
Garvie in the tiUe role is a show In him
self.
SEATTLE. Oct. 12.— A special to the
Post-Intellifrencer from Skagway says one
Of the largest robberies in the history of
FkagTvay was committod yesterday.
Thieves forced the back door of P. B.
Kcarn'5 jewelry store and Rot aiay with
over $2000 worth of watches, nuggets and
Jewelry. The theft was acco.iiKKshed in
the full glare of a street arc light. No
arrests had been made up to noon to-dav.
Large Robbery in Skag-way.
as Frederick, and her song in the second
act earned two recalls, besides the un
stinted admiration of her hearers. Giulio
Cortesl as Laertes acted with his usual
intelligence, and what little singing ho
had to do was done with the instinct of a
true artist. Alfredo Tedeschl was not as
fortunate in his rendition of the numbers
assigned to him. There is too much of
the nasal tone in his voice, which also
has a bad habit of getting away from the
control of Its possessor. Travaglini s
splendid voice gave unbounded pleasure
and aided in making a harmonious whole
of a very fine production.
BAUSALJTO. Oct. 12.-Th<» City Trus
tees met in regular sfssion to-ni?ht. Two
important questions were disposed of. the
electric light and water propositions. In
the formrr Thomas G. Frcst was granted
•a franchise to furnish the city of Sau=a
lito with electric lights. In the water
'j-irsticn a resolution of intention was
passed unanimously to declare an election
for voting- municipal bonds for the pur
p^pe of constructing- water works. The
City Engineer was ir.FtruetPd to make an
estimate of the cost of const ruction of the
plant and submit it a* <=ix;n as possible.
Water and Light Provid e d
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Jamts S. Wat
son, former president of the Por
ter Bros. Company, refused to
testify before Bankruptcy Referee
Frajik Wean to-day regarding
rebates which he is said to have received
from transportation companies in con
nection with the large commission busi
ness of that concern.
The witness took the position that such
testimony might incriminate him, as giv
ing or receiving rebates is an offense
against the laws. The question was
finally submitted to the referee for an
opinion.
Watson was at the head of the Porter
Bros. Company when it failed a few
months ago with large liabilities. The
Former Judge Payne objected \o his
client testifying in this regard and then
the question whether the witness would
be immune from penalties for testimony
given in a bankruptcy case was argued.
Attorney Joseph K. Defrees was also
present to look after the interests of the
Porter Bros. Company. "
business has since been managed by a
trustee and while the creditors were wait
ing for a distribution of the assets Nel
son R. Doe cf New York presented an old
claim. Doe was formerly in charge of the
New York office of the concern and he
said several hundred thousand dollars
was due him as his agreed share of the
profits. Part of these profits, he con
tended, consisted of more than $1,000,000
In rebates.
I ball game, proved a distinct novelty. John
Tierney, billed "a modern Irishman," told
a lot of original stories; Allan Wlghtman
fashioned heads of several celebrities out
of clay and did a clever bit of pastel
painting, and Josie Ainsley, a pleasing con
tralto, was warmly encored for her solos.
Fischer and Wacker, the comic Tyrolean
singers; Mabel Lamson in new illustrated
songs, and the anlmatoscope, showing a
complete change of moving pictures, com
pleted an excellent programme. The ama
teurs will appear on Thursday night.
FQRMER PRESIDENT OF PORTER BROTHERS COMPANY, WHO
FEARS THAT HIS TESTIMONY CONCERNING TRANSPORTATION
REBATES MIGHT PROVE INCRIMINATING T6 HIMSELF.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 12.-Whil«« arraign.
:nsr the management of the Southern Cali
fornia State Hoppital for loose business
methods. Governor Pardee finds that the
charges of cruelty to the Insane inmates
brought against the phypicians and at
••>ndants at the hospital are not sustained
by the evidence.
In a lengthy letter to the board of man
r.grrs to-day the Governor announced his
conclusions, based on the testimony ad
duced at the recent investigation into the
i.ffairs of the asylum. Governor Pardee
yvfiarr-s bis Ftatement with the remark
that It is the duty of *-very citizen to
impart at once any knowledge he may
have of dereliction of duty by any em
ploye of the State. If any citizen have
Fuch knowlfde? and keeps it secret he
is. in the judgment of the Governor, a
party to the oJTonse and is as guilty as
the offending: official.
The Governor maintains that this prin
ciple applies even more stror.g'.y to an
employe of the Staf. Remarking that
In the present case the charges appear
to have orisinatPd with discharged em
ployes, the Governor says it too often
happens that an accuser makes no sound
until, his conscience suddenly aroused by
his threatened or actual discharge and
the stoppage of his pay. he makes dls
< losures which, it. true, ought to have
been made long before. The charges of
such persons are. in the judgment of the
Governor, entitled to little credence, ex
cept in the faco of corroborative evidence.
The Governor says that the evidence
does nrt Fhow cruelty was practiced upon
the Rev. Dr. Plannette, the mental con
dition of those testifying in this instance
being such as to render their testimony
of little value. He fails to discover proof
of the charge that painful vurprical ope
rations were performed without the ad
ministration of a general anesthetic.
The Governor says there is much evi
dence of loose methods in the conduct of
the business of the Institution. For in
stance, remarks the Governor, it is not
Recording- to law for any one to do as
Secretary Clarke testified he had done —
receive money for oranges sold by the
institution and without an authorization
nf the board or entering it in hia books
use the mon*>v thus received to pay a
xvater bill. The^ trading of calves for
'¦¦ws. the Governor observes, is likewise
apainst the law. All sales of public prop
erty must, be points out. be made throuKh
the State Board of Ex;- -liners.
The Governor criticizes the Issuance of
FuppMes without proper re-nuisitions and
declares the substitution of another kind
cf roods for the one specified in a re
quisition should not be tolerated. The
Yiovernor closes his loiter with the ob
servation that the he-'ple-ss insane require
to properly Handle them men with tact.
patience. Pity and power to eain the con
fidence of thoso under the-ir charge, and
that if there be in a State hospital a
physician whose efficiency has for any
reason been irr:»aired it is the duty of
Thosp in rh?.rsf to replace him with a
more efficient man.
£r*cis.l Diypatch to The Call
To generalize, it is fair to say that the
new people justified predictions to a
marked degree. Tho play was emotional.
Thoir work was good, with few excep
tions, from beginning to end. Miss Block
has thtJ gift of Mich mobile features that
she can express much in a look. She has
a line stage presence. Durkin probably
lias roles in which he can make a stronger
showing, but he was generally entirely
equal to the requirements imposed upon
him by his lines and by the situations.
Miss Starr bids fair to win a great name
as an emotional actress. She is pretty
and petite and has an air of spontaneity.
The support was good. The play was well
staged. The calls before the curtain
equaled the Alcazar's best and mo« en
thusiastic record.
There were'several scenes in which Miss
Block fairly earned the applause that she
received, which was abundant. She was
suggestive and emotional when she told
Donald of his worthlessness; pathetic
when condoling with the wife of Donald,
in her mean lodging; but the last act was
her best-
In the last act. which is finely staged,
there is a church scene. The choir boys
chant. The \illcger3 come Into the
church to see the wedding of Lady Boun
tiful and Sir Richard Phllliter. Five
years have elapsed since Donald went to
America. He has returned. At the altar
Sir Richard generously declares that there
will be no wedding that day. He recog
nizes that the love of Donald and Lady
Bountiful is still strong and he will not
stand in their way.
Of course Lady Bountiful appears on
the stage at this interesting juncture.
Bhe has some lines here that were so full
of probability that they were very re
freshing. The sick wife confesses that
she has learned of the love that Donald
and Lady Bountiful entertained and that
the has been jealous, but that all that is
irone by. She also writes a letter to be
delivered to Donald by Lady Bountiful in
the event that she, the wife, should fail
to get well. Then there is an affecting
scene with the baby. Finally Lady Boun
tiful, putting around the neck of the baby
a chain with locket as a keepsake, goes
away, escorted by Sir Richard Philhter
(Kred J. Butler). whom she has now prom
ised to marry. This scene was managed
very nicely by Miss Block.
The culmination of this act is the death
of Donald's wife. Margaret. They were
to go across the sea to America to find
a fortune. Donald is bidden by his wife
to sit down and talk wltn the baby where
she can see him. This he is doing, tell
ing of the glowing future for them when
the wife, without warning and without
sound, dies suddenly. If Frances Starr
should never appear on the stage again
at the Alcazar, that scene would be suf
ficient to preserve her memory, for some
time there.
Then Donald and his bride are in a
cheap lodging in London and with them
the parents of the bride, the bankruptcy
of the Veales having brought about the
pinch of poverty. There is a baby In a
cradle, a sick wife, whose "coming down
stairs" after an il!ne?s of many weeks is
the motive- for a large part of one act.
Herein there are opportunities for excel
lent business and very ttw chances were
neglected in making this effective. There
are the favorite flowers of the sick wife
that are bought, out of scanty money and
all the touches that true affection could
suggest, in sharp contrast with the otter
geltishness of the father, which role, by
the way, was very cieverly done by
Mahcr.
"Lady Bountiful" has a story that runs
about like this. Lady P.uuntiful is pos
sessed of large wealth and a large heart.
Wifh these two advantages she Is in a
fair way to justify her name and this she
is discovered to b<* doing in the first act.
She is supporting a worthless uncle,
Roderick Hrron. who was impersonated
by John B. Maher, and also a cousin,
Donald Heron, represented in the flesh by
Jamf? Durkin. There is an aunt to Lady
Bountiful, who is disgusted with the
spectacle of the younger Heron idle and
the oldfr Heron complacently sponging on
hia niece and she causes disclosures to be
made.
As a result Donald Heron, after a scene
in which Lady Bountiful tells him plainly
that she has contempt for his uselessness,
goes out to earn an honest living. He
finds his way to the family !ind stable of
John Vcale (George Osbourne). There
Donald's father follows him and, for his
own selfish ends, gossips in such manner
as to bring about the unexpected 1 sequence
of the announcement of a matrimonial
engagement between Donald and the
daughter of Yeale. Miss Starr appears
as Margaret, the daughtf r. The announce
ment of this engagement take? place in
the presence of Lady Bountiful and her
friends. She is so much in love with
Donald that she faints when she is trying
to extend congratulations.
A play n*w to San Francisco, by Pinero,
and three new people served to focus the
dramatic interest of the first nighters
largely on the Alcazar 'ast evening. The
play was "Lady Bountiful." The new
people were James Durkln. leading iran;
Adele Block, with a New York reputation
to justify, and Franres Starr, a new In
genue. Witn th€se peopl* and the others
in the cast the combination was the
strongest that has been seen in the Al
cazar for many a moon and possibly the
best ever in that house.
A Southern belle who Is attracting
much attention in the city is Miss Edith
Terry of Louisville, Ky., who is a guest
at the Occidental, chaperoned by Mrs.
West Hughes. Both ladles came to San
Francisco to attend the functions inci
dental to the Confederate convention.
Miss Terry is a splendid type of Titian
beauty, with all the verve that accom
panies that type. She has been hospi
tably entertained during her stay in this
city, and if she decides to remain through
the winter will probably hold a little
court all her own.
Mrs. Edward Deering issued cards to
forty ladies for Friday, the 9th inst., to
meet Mrs. Eugene Grace, the president
of the California Women's Whist League,
of which Mrs. Deering Is secretary. The
guest of honor has just returned from
an extended Eastern trip, and the ladles
present will profuse in their welcomes to
her. Euchre was played, and a jolly
party of ladies eagerly contested for a
number of handsome prizes, which were
won by the following named: Mrs. T. J.
Weldon first. Mrs. S. Braverman second,
Mrs. H. Cline booby, Mrs. R. E. Miller
consolation prize.
Mr. and Mrs. David Hirshler have Is
sued invitations for a muslcale on Wed
nesday next.
Mrs. Joseph Spear, wife of the Surveyor
of the Port, entertained a few friends at
luncheon yesterday.
S H • • •
The wedding of Miss Eleanor Glynn,
niece of Judge R. J. Tobin and Captain
John Mooney, will take place at high
noon Wednesday, the 21st, at St. Mary's
Cathedral. The Rev. Father Prender
gast, vicar'general, will perform the cere
mony, at which Dr. Pawlicki and Miss
Glynn will assist. The fair bride-to-be
will be given into the keeping of the
groom by her uncle, Judge Tobin, with
whom she has always made her home.
The trousseau of the bride Is said to be
rarely beautiful, her wedding gown being
a robe of exquisite Irish point. The
couple will reside at the Hotel Majestic
after their wedding trip.
The engagement of Miss Sadie Eliza
beth Rattigan to Paul Jerome Regan, son
of Mr. P. J. Regan, has been announced.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. Rattigan, and is a girl of
splendid physique and fine personality.
She was graduated from the Ursuline
Convent in Santa Rosa and has devoted
much time to music. The young people
will be married within a few months.
On last Saturday night Mr. and Mrs.
L,. J. Hanchett celebrated then- golden
wedding by giving a dinner at the home of
their son, Louis Edward Hanchett, 1911
Broderlck street.
The decorations were in tones of yel
low, fitly commemorative of the hour.
Telegrams were received during the day
ant} evening from scores of friends from
afar, and the gift of a beautiful ring— an
ornament of rare workmanship— was re
ceived from Mrs. George Crocker, the
daughter, now in New York.
And still charity in the pleasant guise
of pleasure holds forth its beckoning hand
to us. This time it is the "household
shower" of . the splendid, plucky little
Alden Club i of the International Sun
shine Society. Now, there are scoffers
who laugh at the Sunshine Society and
call It sentimental and maudlin and other
unpleasant names, but if they could be
hold.'the lifting of heavy burdens by this
same little society they would become
wiser and better men. The tender solici
tude of this little band of maids for the
afflicted is manifested dally in hospitals
and In the homes of sorrow. Now they
ask for help and this is the manner of
the asking: A "household shower" is to
be held at the Sorosis Club on Saturday
afternoon. October 17, from 2 o'clock un
til 6. Everything in the line of household
goods will be on sale — at moderate prices,
and your change back! Such an oppor
tunity for the many couples threatening
matrimony, and for such an excellent
cause, too.
The arrangements for the Confederate
Daughters' ball on the 23d lnst. at the
Palace are going merrily on. The func
tion la distinguished by two features that
augur well for its success— it formally in
augurates the winter season of gayety and
at the same time has for its object the
caring for the men who wore the gray.
As to the first feature the debutantes, the
belles and the dowagers are holding long
and solemn conclaves with thoughtful
gov/nmakers and it is a safe assumption
that stunning trappings will be evolved.
And where could a fellow expect to find
a gayer galaxy of beauty than among
the women of the sunny South? It is
whispered that the buds are expectant of
radiantly merry hours, and the belles —
well, Southern belles with their beauty
and buoyancy are ever merry— likewise
those about them. . Then the inspiration
of giving a tithe to the gallant old men
who need It Is sufficient to breathe vital
ity into the stupidest kind of a .function.
So with this dual feature of pleasure
and charity the success of the Con
federacy ball is assured, and that there
will be hospital beds— and those a-plenty—
for the poor old stranded veterans after
the proceeds of the ball' are garnered in
is no longer a matter of doubt. The fol
lowing ladies are lending their best ener
gies to making the affair the success it
promises: Mrs. Arthur W. Foster, Mrs.
William M. Gwin, Mrs. William F. Her
rln, Mrs. William B. Collier, Mrs. Selden
S. Wright, Mrs. Phoebe Hearst. Mrs.
Alfred Hunter Voorhies, Mrs. Wakefleld
Baker, Mrs. John Garber, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin. Mrs. Ynez Shorb* White, Mrs.
William L.. Dun! and Mrs. William B.
Pritchard.
• • •
Loose Business Methods
Bring Criticism From
Sacramento.
Gratifying Social and Finan
cial Success Is Ex
pected.
Stockwell at His Best This
Week at the Central
Theater.
Governor Writes of the
Southern California
Asylum.
Confederate Daughters
Making Ready for
Function.
New Bill at the Tivoli
Entertains a Large
Audience.
Former President of the CollapsecTPorter Brothers
Company Takes Ground That Any Revelations
He Would Make Might Incriminate Himself
GRUELTY CHARGE
NOT SUSTAINED
PINERO'S PLAY
IS WELL DONE
PREPARATIONS
FOR BIG BALL
WATSON REFUSES TO TESTIFY
CONCERNING RAILROAD REBATES
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13. 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LiVORNO I
KfflMPslPi 47 New Bond st
Chiromant and
Crystal Gazer
Announces a Short
Season at the
CALIFORNIA HOTEL
SUITE 300.
PfltefP DON'T FAIL TO
taiUWW 8ee beautiful
i COURT Lounging
flfm roam, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r i PALM ROOM, the
(iT/ifld LOUIS XV PAR.
Ui aim LOR and tht la.
Hit DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI SS5&
NOTE— Performances begin at 8 Sharp; Sat-
urday Matinee at 2 Sharp.
TO-ITTGHT
Thursday and Sunday Nights. Saturday Mat.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
Mascagnl's Masterpiece,
And
Leoncavallo's Lyric Drama,
"I PACLIACCI"
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Nights.
Ambrolse Thomas' Romantic Opera,
"MIGNON"
NEXT "WEEK — "LA BOHEME" and "AN-
DRE "cHENIER." Special Verdi Nlzht on
Tuesday.
Prices Always the Same 25c, BOc and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
AMiSFQRNIAj
li j TO-NIGHT |Fl
I The Noted Comedian. ¦** *
EDWARD GARVIE
In Broadhurst & Currle's Musical Farce.
MR. JOLLY OF JOLIET
Sunday the Perennial Favorite.
"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
I With Its Famous Pickaninny
Band and Realistic ¦ imTi
Horse Race. Bai
HHELATRp
GRAND %££&
Only Cleopatra Matinee XText Saturday.
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED!
TO-NIGHT -All the Week
The Burlesque Extravaganza,
CLEOPATRA
Bothwell Browne as Cleopatra.
ipa CLEVER CHILDREN l£A
IDU IN THE CAST IDU
A Saeeeisisn of Entertaining ITsTtltias
pnirCC Evenings 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
itVlvLO Matineea 15c. 25c. S0c
Beginning Next Sunday Matines
THE CHRISTIAN
f^Tj n 3 ui (vB iJ F V Fo ¦ ll m \i it 1
THE THIRD RECITAL of the Season Will B«
Given at 3 p. m..
Saturday, October 17th
STBINWA^HALL
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX Will pre-
side at the piano with the aid of
THE ANGBLUS
•" The- Soloist of the Occasion Will Be
MR. HOMER HENLEY. Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be had at tlw
store any time before the recital. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.. Kearny and Sutter sts.
The Weekly Call
$1 pep Year.
AMUSEMENTS.
C0LUMJS1A ScSwara
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT.
FLORODORA
With the Number One N. T. Co.
GREAT BEAUTY SEXTETTE.
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
Robert Edeson
In Richard Harding Davis'
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stare Version by Augustus Thomas.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MONSTER lEW SHOW!
Colombino; Sisters Bappo; Three
Crane Brothers; "Wallace Brown-
low; A. P. Rostow; Wood and Ray;
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Company; Fantzer Trio and Gold-
en Gate Quartet and Fanny Win-
fred.
Reserved Seat* 23c;F?alcony 10a
Box Seats and Oscra. Chairs ..: BOc
WHAT'S THE USE TALKINO?
Seeing: la Bellerlnr.
Come, Se« How They Crowd to 8e»
[ THE F»/\ ht /\OERs""]
In Perfect Condition.
FULX. OF FUN TO THE LIMIT.
Oar ••All-Star" Caat. Including:
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD. ,
"WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEX.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 23c. 60c and
75c: Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
50c; Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
ALCAZAR~;™r
General Manager.
ENORMOUS HIT OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE BLOCK, JAMES DTTtKIN.
FRANCES STARR and JOHN B. MA HER.
TO-NIGHT -This Week Only,
A. W, Pinero'a Beautiful Comedy Drama.
Lady Bountiful
Erg.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c.
MATINEES NEXT SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Mon.— Oyde Fitch's Comedy Drama,
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
CENTRALT"
Belaaco A Mayer, Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South K3.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Hoyt's Most Famous Comedy-Drama,
A MIDNIGHT BELL
Presenting the Eminent Comedian.
U.. R. STOCKWELL.
In Ills Great Original Character of
DEACON TIDD.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
nnirCC Evenings 10c to 50o
lIIlvLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 23o
Monday. October 19 — "RANCH 10."
FISCHER AND WACKER,
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Insp«ct "CABARET DE LA MORT."
—VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."—
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
Whtn Phoning A«k "The Chutes."
inscEU^jrEOua Aaroaiaoarrs.
— COTTLOW=
The Great Planlste.
BLUMENFELD, Violinist.
Lyric Hall, To- Night and Thursday Night,
Saturday Matines.
Reserved Seats, 75c. $1.00. $1.50 at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s.
Friday Nlffat, Unitarian Canxcb, OaUaal
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. |
i
Arc Kept Off the
Operating Table by
Electro-chemistry. !
. . . !
MKP. MAItV UIVEST,
522 Forty-fourth Street. Oakland.
Mtf. Hives: bays: •"About one year Rg-o I
»as lakf-n with a fvrre attack of rheumatism.
I ¦aaf <-onftru-i to try t*>d tor five months. My
Ifft Ifjf b< rnmf p«ralyz' > d and there was no
drralaUoti of Iitood in it.
•'X!y i>h»1rians wore afraid of cahgrrne and
£<1vlM-d cutting off th* lee I den't believe I !
rould hare liv«-d through the operation a n<l be- '
for«- mbrnluinjr to ft I drrid»Hl to try the Elec- !
tro-Ch'mlc treatment. niectro-Chemletry has :
cured m*; it has kept me off. the operatinK
table, and I ua duly thankful and am glad to j
make this funlic acknowledgment of ray cure." ;
CONSULTATION B~ W"X *~ IT-
X-RAY EXAMINATION B £%!_!_
Specialties — Contumption, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, cancers. Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear ZTolses, Bhen-
matlsm, Paralysis, neuralgia. Files, Dis-
eases of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys and
Bowels, Special Diseases of Ken and
"Wcrsca. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMKNT— If you live at ¦ dis-
tance, try to come for a. personal examination.
If vou can't oome, write for Instruction* for
home txaminaticn and treatment.
electrg-cheIic institute,
118 GEAKT AVE, Cor. Post St.,
SAW FRANCISCO.
Office lioury— 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7/ to 8
p. m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. m. to I p. m.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BgTRACT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LI S I OF wSffife r AIMS
VI 1 1 »« IIS mk i rill 1 U
Dry Goods -"^^^^^ Company,
Ladies' Merino Underwear
FOR FALL AND WINTER.
We are now showing an exceptionally strong line of
Knitted Underwear, which, in point of quality for price, sur-
pass by far all bur previous efforts. • |
LADIES' MERINO VESTS LADIES'" MERINO VESTS
and DRAWERS, in white and DRAWERS, white or
or gray, three-quarters wool gray, hajf wool, soft and
and an excellent Qj flfl warm, to be sold at 7C*
quality (each).... OllUU (each) I JU
LADIES' MERINO COM- LADIES' MERINO COM-
BINATION SUITS, in BINATION SUITS, in
white or gray, half wool white or gray, three-quar-
and well shaped.. Qi Ert ters wool and well Ql) ftfj
OliJU finished OZiUU
MUNSING'S UNSHRINKABLE UNDERWEAR.
We carry full lines of ihis well known and favorite make at following prices:
Ladies' Vests and Drawers, in two weights (each) $1.50
Ladies' Combination Suits, in white or gray (each). . .$3.00
Children's Vests and Drawers, white or gray (each) . . . .$1.00
Children's Combination Suits, all styles $1.00, $1.50, $175
ALL-WOOL BLACK HOSIERY.
LADIES' ALL-W O O L LADIES' ENGLISH
BLACK HOSIERY cn o BLACK CASHMERE 7C O
at, pair DUG HOSIERY, a pair. ... lUU
We show all makes frcm the popular priced up to the highest gradas.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
\ Ccary acd Stockton Strtats, Uoioa Srjusrj.CINCINNATI, Oct. 12.— Dr. . W. P.
Thurkfleld, secretary of the .Methodist
Freedmen and Southern Educational So
ciety, to-day in delivering the opening ad
dress of the Evangelical Society/charged
that the outrages by negroes in the South
were due to .the chain gang prison system.
He said in part:
Under this system both prison and prison
ers are farmed out under the control of pri
vate corporations— sold to the highest bidder.
To the leairees the body and soul of the con
victs are assigned. The motive of both State
and lessee is not moral; but money: not re
formation, but exploitation of criminals for
gain. It is crime turned into a source of rev
enue, the brawn and blood of criminals bar
tered for gain.
Secretary of an Educational Society
Attacks the Motives of
' . the State.
CONDEMNS THE PRISON
SYSTEM OF THE SOUTH
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Hon. C. S. Roily, of
ficially timed, lowered the world's-auto
mobile kilometer record to-day at the
Duke of Portland's private park, using a
specially built 110-horsepower machine.
His time was :26 2-5.
Lowers an Automobile Record.
SAUSALITO, Oct. 12.— The quail season
in Marin County will open on Thursday.
Reports from all over the county indi
cate a plentiful supply of birds this sea
son. This is not so with ducks, however.
They are reported to be quite scarce this
year, especially in the southern part of
the county. Tomales Bay, however, har
bors a creat many.
Quail Plentiful in Marin.
"Rube" Waddell Is Now an Actor.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— "Rube" Waddell.
the well known baseball pitcher. h%s just
made his first appearance in Chicago cs
an actor. "Th«* Stain of Guilt" is the
drama and "Rube" appears in four acts
In the role of a detective. The audience
at the Alhambra Theater gave Waddell
an ovation.
HAMILTON. O., Oct. 12.— The ca*« of Al
fred Knapp. sentenced to be electrocuted De
cember 12 for the murder of hi* wife. Hannah
Goddard Knapp. was appealed to-day to the
Grcuit Court on error.
Portland Defeats Sacramento.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 12. — Portland shut
Sacramento out to-day In a one-sided game.
Fitzgerald was batted for six runs in the sec
ond, and a wild throw to first in the seventh
by Egan cost three more. Thielman was hit
only at wide intervals and was accorded per
fect support. Score:
It. H. E.
Portland 06100040 x— 11 14 0
Sacramento ... 00000000 0^ — 0 7 4
Batteries — Thielman and Arthur: Anderson,
Fitzgerald and Graham. Umpire — Levy.
Sixth race, two-year-olds, five furlongs — San
Francisquito 02, Red Cross Nurse 02, Pilon 107,
Meteora 107, Troy 107, Hercules 107, Negrusca
02. Sol Smith 95.
Second race, three-year-olds, gelling, six fur
longs — Annie F 09, The Toller 107, Americano
107, Step Around 104, Iras 100, Little Margaret
104. Phyz 104.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Thlsbe
104, M. F, Tarpey 110, Midget 104, Achilles
110, E. M. Brattain 110, Miracle II 104.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs — Honduran
104, Prestolus 00, Sherry 00, Flamero 104, Sir
Christopher 104, Blue Miracle 09.
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs — Tamm
107, Limber Jim 100, Mlsm Vera 100, El Ori
ente 100, The Miller 109, Illowaho 110.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— Los Anseles en
tries :
First race. Van Nuys stake/ 2:25 pace, $500
— Wood B, Otto Z, San Gabriel, Prince, Lilly
Mack, Riverside Wood, El Mont, Highball.
Robert Wood, Tough Nut, Victor Platte, Ira,
Tidal Wave. '
Los Angeles Entries.
Boston-Pittsburg Game Is Postponed
BOSTON, Oct. 12. — The ' Boston-Pittpburg
pame Fcheduled to be flayed here, to-day,
champion scries, was postponed until to-mor
row on account of rain.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12. — The Nationals ran
bases poorly to-day, were unable to hit Owen
and lost their fifth came Of the series to the
Americans, who hit Taylor rather freely. At
tendance 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Nationals 2 4 3
Americans '. 4 10 2
Batteries — Taylor and Kline Owens and
Rnllhnn
SAUSALITO, Oct. 12.— The San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, which has its moor
ings and clubhouse at Sausalito, will be
the first club this year to close the sea
son. The date of the last club cruise
has been definitely settled for Sunday,
October 25. At that time all the club's
yachts will cruise around the bay and
then sail up into Richardsons Bay near
Sausalito to anchor for the winter months.
Final Cruise Is Announced
ORINDA GIRLS ENTERTAIN
* BOYS OF RINCON PARLOR
They Show Appreciation of Courte
sies Extended on Admission
Dav in San Jose.
RIncon Parlor, No. 72, Native Sons of
the Golden West', was the guest last night
in the banauet hall, of the Native Sons'
building of Orinda Parlor No. 9 of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
This was in recognition of courtesies ex
tended by the parlor of Native Sons to
the Native Daughters during the celebra
tion of Admission day in San Jose.
During the early part of the evening
there was a dance, after which all par
took of an excellent supper. After the
discussion of the many things on the
menu, Miss Foley, toastmistress, called
upon the following named to speak • to
toasts: Grand President Finkeldey, Con
gressman W. J. Wynn, Thomas H. Viv
ian, Thomas J. Floyd, J. F. Finn, Judge
Mogan, District Deputy Grand President
Nellie F. Mulcay, Nora Foley, Anna
Grueber and Secretary Hagenkamp of
RIncon Parlor.
BANK EMBEZZLEMENT CASE
MAY FALL TO THE GROUND
Federal Court Rules Adversely to
Indictment Filed Against a
Former Judge.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Oct 12.—
Judge John F. Phillips in the United
States Circuit Court here to-day rendered
a decision holding In effect that none of
the nineteen counts in the first Indict
ment against former Judge William Mar
tindale, who was indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury on the alleged charge of mis
appropriating the funds of the defunct
First National Bank of Emporia, are
good. There is still another indictment
against Martindale in connection with the
handling of funds in several small bank
feeders to the First National Bank, of
Emporia.
The indictments against Judge Martin
dale, who was vice president of the con
cern, grew out of the failure of the First
National Bank in 189S, when President
Charles Cross, a noted cattle breeder,
committed suicide . after an investigation
that disclosed the fact that he had lost
the bank's money; in speculation. Al
though , Cross • left a confession exonerat
ing Martindale the latter was indicted.
Five furlongs, selling — Estado. 119 (See), 5
to 2 won; Botany. 119 (Tullett), « to 0, sec
end: Bicycle-. 109 tKunz), 5" to 1, third. Time,
1:01%. Urbano. Martin Brady,- Penance, Hen
dura n, Barbara and The Devil 31 also ran.
Heven furlongs, selling — Grail. 104 (Chand
ler) 4 to 5, won; Dollie Weithoff, 109 (Fraw
ley/ 9 to 5, second; Myrtle H, 105 (I. Powell).
12 to 1. third. Time, 1:27 V4. Tizona, The
Toller and Wachusett also ran.
By the NEW YORK TELEGRAPH.
First Race — Precious Stone,
Blytheness, Valour.
Second Race— Caithness, Our Nug
get, Highlander.
Third Race— Tribes Hill, Golden
Maxim, Daisy Green.
Fourth Race — Hermis, Igniter,
Hajor Daingerfield.
Fifth Race — Atwood, Gold Dome,
Ancestor.
Sixth Race — Toscan, Black Fox,
Futurita.
BRIGHTON SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12— Entries:
First race five and a half furlong!* — Valour
1<:7 MisMnK Link 107. M. Theo 107. Mytheness
I(i7* Sir CartT 1<>7, Shortcake 107. Hydrangea
II17' Julia M 107. Precious' Stone 1(17. Gay Liz
«-tte l'»7 TotneFs 107. Dimple 107. Redman 107,
I'anique' 10". Privilege 107. Ruby Ring 107.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Our NuKpett OC. GrantEdale 95. Craneyville 94,
Ftar tnd Garter 95. Swampland? 107. Caithness
10<>, Baikal 105. Tommy Fostrr io:i, Molly Pey
ton K'2. Unterock US, Fiara 103, Turnpike US.
St. Sever 103. Highlander 106, Gaviota 101,
Kthter 106. Medal 95.
Third race, one and an eijrhth miles — Daisy
Grrai 95. Injunction IIS. Elhice ICO, Lord
Bad^e 100, Oarsman 1C2, River Pirate 112,
Fherift* Bell 11*5, Cottage Maid 0<;. Colonsay W.
J>uke of Kcndal 11<;, Tribes Hill 100. Golden
Maxim 121. O Reilley <J9, Gold Bell 87. April
Fhower 83. Rostand 108.
Fourth racp, one and a half mile*. Brighton
Cup preliminary — Major Dair.Rerfleld 12<i, Ig
niter 120, Hermis 125. Sambo 126.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two-year-olds — Runic !*5. Niskayuna 09, Silver
lirearn lCfl. Woodshade 94, Huppala 99. Lady
Mirthful l<v?,, Yo San 103. Monitor 102. Salada
!«;. Hydransea «4. Atwood ICC. Ancestor 1C.3,
Gananorue 'M. Dutiful K*i, Golden Mineral 101,
Dusky «7. Gold Dome 115.
Sixth race, six furlonp* — Toscan IIS. High
Chancellor IIS. Prince Chine 105. The Captain
%>H Princess H 1">. The Dancer BS, Fleetful '.'.">.
Ft. Daniel 118. Futurita 115, Black Fox 12<',
Counteipoisc 115, OrlofT 115, Step Away 100.
BRIGHTON ENTRIES.
By the CHICAGO INTER-OCEAN.
First Race — Myron Dale, Banwell,
Hoceo.
Second Race — Incubator, Alfredo,
Ethylene.
Third Race — Six Shooter, Lady
Jocelyn, Olympian.
Fourth Race — Auditor, English
Lad, Rockaway.
Fif th Race — Airlight, Barrack,
Compass.
Sixth Race — Bardolph, Redan, Bay
Wonder.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— Entries:
Kir^t race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Wreath of Ivv 110. William Parrish 105. I5an
w/ll 105 Gu* He Worn 105. Circular Joe 103.
Instrument H>3. Dorice 102, Madoc 102. Arnold
K l\r» Term*- J 100. Tribune 1<K). Edna Shan
non W0. Myron Dale US, Hoceo 9C, Miss Mol-
Ue Second race one mile— Sweet Tooth 110. Old
Mike 107 Ethylene 107. Incubator 105. Alfredo
105. Ex? miner 105. Duchcsse Hanna 102 Fair
Lady Anna 102. Begone 102, Coroner Kelly 88.
Wigwam SS. Leila fc>3. ....
Third race one and a sixteenth miles — Six
Fhooter 112. OlymDian 110. Potheen 105, Lady
Joclvn 104. Finpal KG. L»-ndin 102.
Fourth race, fix furlonss. handicap — Auditor
1°'J Fnell'h Lad 122. Determination 95, Rocka
way 114 Alma Dufoftr 106, Cyprienne 102,
Balm Bearer 95. Ralph Young 92. English Lad
and Determination, Cook's entry.
Fifth race one and a quarter miles, felling
— Airlieht 10C. Trocadero lf:5. Give All 10.{,
Barrack 101 CoTnrasf '.**. Little Elkin OS,
Ki~«?s Pet 98 Tufts 9S, Miss Liza 9S. El Ghor
flS, Mr. Dine'le 06. Cursus 93, Bluemint OT.
"sixth rac-.%ix furlongs, sellinr— Redan 110.
Jim Hale 109. Charlie Thompson 109. Jane
Hollv 109 LlKhthunt 108, Pronta 105. Bardolph
10T. "Bav Wonder 1^4. Alfred C 104. Ocean
Pream 102 Dolly Hayman KG. Mamsello 100,
Mary Lavanna 100, sternwlnder OH, Marlin S)5.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
WORTH ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the NEW YORK TELFXfRAPH.
First Race^ — Merrie George, Kiowa
Chief, Port Warden.
Second Race — Miss Manners, May
or Graham, Lady Draper.
Third Race — Brancas, Miss Craw
ford, Ben Adkins.
Fourth Race — Mme. Elastic, Santa
Ventura.
Fifth Race — Yellow Tail, Lady
Strathmore, Ed Ball.
Sixth Race — Lasso, Athelroy, Lan
dola.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
inK, three-year-olds and up — Feronla 91, Lan
dola 104, Sweet Charity 100, Hegira 91, Cap
tain Ghlnes 105, KlnRstelle 100, Lasso 100, El
Caney lO.'!. Baronet 105, Sardian 102, False 95,
Tabellarlus SC. Dr. Hart 104, Athelroy «7.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 12. — Entries:
First race, live furlonps, two-year-old colts
and Boldlngs, all maidens — Billy Woodard 113,
Tom Olney 108. Fteckman 10S. I Must 105,
Capitol 105, Bandlllo 1CS, Penton 105, Kiowa
Chief 110, Ponchartrain 108. St. Caro 110,
X'cian 1CS. Kintcrane 108, Port Warden 108,
Hobson's Choice 110. Merrie George 113.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
three-year-olds — Lady Draper 100, Detest 100,
Wilhe.lir.ina 105, Mayor Graham 110, Stub 110,
Sarnie Mac 100, Swift Candle 05, Miss Manners
110. Conspicuous !>5, Lacache 100, Caelana 110,
William Sulzer 100. Harry Griffith 110, Howl
ing Dervish 100, Irby Bennett 108.
Third race, six furlongs, purse, two-year
olds — Kingsboro 103, Miss Crawford 109, Ben
Adkins 103. Brancas 112.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse, four-year
olds and ud — Lady Vashtl 89, Dr. Scharff. »4,
Santa Ventura 04, Kla.'tic 07, Maverick 89,
Mimo 89, Buccleuth 04, Tom Collins 97.
Fifth race, one mile, purse, three-year-olds
and ud — Ed Ball 92, Lady Strathmore 100,
Treacy 95, Yellow Tall 105.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Haye3 Valley Club Bouts.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club will
hold its monthly boxing exhibition to
night In the Mechanics' Pavilion annex.
The card is as follows: John Din? vs.
Harry Williams, Willie Sheper vs. Loren
Brown, Wesley Badger vs. Peter Root.
James Ryan vs. Joe Sharkey. Loula Bal
letro vs. John Bowers and William Stew
art vs. "Rough House" McDonald.
TRYING TO TRACE OTHER
DEATHS TO KLICKENBTJRG
Father of Prisoner's First Wife Be
lieves She Was the Victim of
Poisoning.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Prosecutor No
ble of Eldora, la., has been in Brooklyn
investigating the death of the first and
second wives of Ebenezer S. Blickenburg,
who has been arrested In Eldora, charged
with the murder of his third wife by
arsenical poisoning. The death of Blick
enburg's first wife occurred at Stony
brook, five years ago. Bllckenburg's sec
ond wife was Laura Godbolt. aged 19, at
her marriage. She was tne daughter of
J. G. Godbolt. a wealthy and retired
merchant of Brooklyn. She died Febru
ary 14, 1900, and $6000 insurance on her
life Is said to have been paid to Blicken
burg. Godbolt, her father, said that his
daughter's body was embalmed very soon
after her death and that the cause of
her death was not placed in the doctor's
certificate until after the funeral.
"I have every reason to believe that my
daughter's death was caused bv poison
and investigation ought to determine from
what source it was administered," said
Godbolt.
In Brooklyn Bllckenburg was a mem
ber of the Epworth Metnodist Church,
but was dismissed from it.
SCHWAB WTIX APPEAR
BEFORE THE REFEREE
Agrees to Attend the United States
Shipbuilding Case Without Be
ing Subpenaed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— The referee's
hearing In the investigation of the affairs
of the United States Shipbuilding case
will not go on to-morrow. Attorney Guth
rie, who is representing Charles M.
Schwab at the inquiry, has not yet fully
recovered from his Injuries while riding
a few days ago, and at a conference be
tween the counsel in the case a post
ponement until Wednesday was decided
upon. Announcement was also made that
Guthrie had agreed to produce Schwab
as a witness whenever required without
the necessity of serving a process direct
ing him to attend.
Mysterious Death of Young Woman.
MAYVILLE, N. Y., Oct. 12.— The Chau
tauqua County Grand Jury convened to
day and will begin an investigation into
the sudden death of a pretty young wo
man which occurred at a hotel In the
village of Findlay Lake. The girl regis
tered as Nellie Gray of Plttsburg, which
Is believed to be an assumed name. Her
home is believed to be In Marionville, Pa.
Two physicians performed an autopsy on
the body and to-day Dr. Henry Chapin
of Findlay Lake was placed under arrest.
Murdered Girl Found in, a Ditch.
WILMINGTON. Ky.. Oct. 12.— Mary
Kosklski. aged 13 years, was found dead
in a* ditch within a few squares of her
home In South Wilmington to-day and in
vestigation showed she had been attacked
and thrown Into the water. From the
fact that she had been assisting a sick
neighbor last evening, her .parents sup
posed she waa spending the night there
and made no inquiry when she failed to
return home. The police officials are
without a clew.
Treasurer Short in His Accounts.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., Oct. 12.— A war
rant has been issued for the arrest of
Jules Stein, treasurer of the Stein Casket
Company of New York, on the complaint
of Lee Block of this city accusing Steirr of
grand larceny in the first degree. It ia
alleged that he is $9000 short in his ac
counts as treasurer of the company.
Stein is not connected in any capacity
with the National Casket Company.
DAYTON. O.. Oct. 12. — Delegates to the na
tional convention of the Union Veterans' Le
gion are assembling In thla city. Twenty-flv»
thousand visitors and 6C0 delegates are ex
pected.
Negroes and Whites Exchange Shots
PADUCAH. Ky.. Oct. 12.— A battle oc
curred last night at Kevil, a station on
the Illinois Central, between negroes and
white youths. It arose over the negroes
ordering the white people to remain off
their part of the railroad platform. A
dozen shots were fired and Tom Hall, a
negTO. was shot through the arm and a
white man name Childress.was shot over
the heart and fatally injured. Hall was
the only one arrested.
Jealous Farmer Kills a Woman.
SEDALIA, Mo., Oct. 12.— Ella Broden.
aged 24, of Sedalla, the divorced wife of
John Brockway, who is serving a term In
the penitentiary for the murder of his
second wife, was shot and killed by John
E. Mayer, a farmer, unmarried and 30
years of age, near Gravls Mills. Mayer
was arrested. The cause of the murder
is not known definitely, but it is believed
Mayer objected to Miss Broden returning
to Sedalia.
Professor George C. Edwards, chair
man of the athletic committee at the
University of California, passed upon the
names to-day of those students eligible
to play Stanford in the intercollegiate
football contest. The football managers
presented him with seventy-live names,
but Professor Edwards cut this number
to sixty in order to come within the rules.
The list contains the following named
players: ¦¦_-. '-.P "¦¦¦
L H. Allen, T. E. Ambrose, J. A. Belknap,
D. P. Boothc, I'. E. Bowles, W. H. Boynton.
C. F. Burke, W. E. Burns, F. E. Clark, F. W.
Bush, G. H. Clary, R. A. Craig. A. J. Coogan,
J. F Crow, J. S. Dauser, R. B. Demeritt, R.
H. Elliott. R. M. Filcher. J. A. Forse. C. H.
Fry, W. N. Gabriel. J. W. Geary. J. A. Gen
dotti. F. A. Glesting, K. C. Glllis, W. S.
Graves, P. N. Gray. C. W. Haffey. W. J. Han
na, W. F. Heltmuller, W. W. Henry. C. A.
Hill. H. M. Howard, H. W. Howard, C. H.
Hudson. R. C. Jackson. G. C. Jones. N. S.
Kelsey. R. W. Kittrelle. L. E. Mini, J. F.
More, E. H. Muther. W. H. Oliver. Orval Over
all, E. W. Read. T. E. Rtsley, W. M. Sabln.
C. H. Sanborn. R. A. Schilling, A. E. Seabury.
William Sell, O. F. Sne<J!gar. L. E. Stern, N.
C. Stines. S. M. Stow, B. K. Stroud. G. M.
Taylor, J. K. Tweedy and J. C. Whlpple.
This list will be submitted to Stanford
before Satufday t as required by agree
ment. It ?s rumored on the California
campus that Stanford will protest at least
three men— Captain Overall, Heltmuller
iind Forse, all of whom are accused of
playing professional baseball. But as each
of these men denies having played pro
fessional baseball, and the protest is so
far only a myth, there is nothing to do
but watt until Stanford peruses the list
and does something.
The training table for the varsity team
was established to-day at the Dining As
sociation. The following fifteen men were
selected by Coach Whipple for the first
assignment to the table: Captain Overall,
Stroud, Stow, Howard, Heltmuller,
Hudson, Demeritt. Whipple, Mini, More,
Rlsley, Muther, Belknap and Forse. This
number will be increased as the season
grows older.
California and Stanford will not trade
campuses this week as intended. Reliance
and California will meet Wednesday on
the Berkeley campus instead of at Stan
ford and the Fort Baker soldiers and
Stanford will play at Stanford instead of
at IJerkelev.
The freshmen will play against Belmont
to-morrow afternoon on the Berkeley
campus.. As Belmont always gathers a
good team together the contest is likely:
to be the most stubborn of the season.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 12.
Sixty Namos Go on List
of Eligibles for the
Big Team.
FOOTBALL MEN
ARE SELECTED
Fifth race, 2:06 class, trotting, purse $1500—
Jbereno won the first and third heats in 2:06*4,
. A'™,, Prlnce of Oran Ke w °n the second heat
In 2:(XHi. Rhythmic. Dolly Dillon and Charlie
Herr also started.
Third race. 3-year-old trotters, purse *150O—
Diadem won the second and third heats in
2:13%, 2:18%. Circus Girl won the first heat
in 2:14 1 /4 and was distanced in the second
Nanle Holland and Hilgar also started.
Fourth race. Walnut Hall Farm Cup 2:15
trotting, purse $3000— Billy Buck won the sec
ond, third and fourth heats In 2:0794 2:00
2:1114. Caspian won the nm heat in 2:00^.
Tonso. Dillon Boy, Lady Patchen. Mazetto,
oeorge Muscovite. John Me and Guy Fortune
also started.
third and fourth heats In 2:10, 2:10 Direct
y ie . w .L MIIlard Sanders, Austin Boy,' Walter
Smith. Porto Rico and On«onta also started
Second race. 2:1S trotting, purse $1000— Gray
o,™,,™ 011 l " e flrst> 8econ< l and fifth heats in
?if£2*« ' 2 ' 121/ *- 2:12^- Grade Kellar won the
third and fourth heats in 2:10^. 2:11^4. Mar
garet Bathgate, O I, The Parson, Claymont
Ballast Victor Jr., Bonner and Coronadon also
started.
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB. EARLY MORNING TOURNAMENT.
SIXTH RACE — For maiden fillies; three
year-olds: six furlongs:
H'-tting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 lo j Nine Spot K* (Wilkinson) h 3 1 "4
t; to 1— *abot 109 (Hicks) 0 5 2h
- to 2— \jo\f Note. 10>i (Sailing)... 7 4 3 4
Tiir.r 1 :15 Start fa.ir. Won driving. Win
nrr \V H. Rnwell's b. f. by Hastlnrs-Nine
vah Prairie Flower II 10*. Queen Elizabeth
us " Margaret Kent 10S. Trespass 10S. Many
Thanks Jt*. The Loop 108. Cappamore 108. also
ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; one and a quarter
mil.-*:
Ik-lUns. Horse. 'Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
13 to 1" — Moon Daify. 106 (Higins) 2 4 1 h
y> xo 1 — Wvt-fifld 105 (Dcsouza). l*l>-2 H
:;¦> to 5— The Regent. 105 (Fuller). ."{ 2 .'! «
Tim". 2 :<>".« 4-.V Start ]>oor. Won driving.
Wirn«r J G Follan^bee's c. f. by Star Ruby.
MoorfloWr. ' Rough Rider i'S, Gold Bell 100.
i.;s-o ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Ripple handicap; six
f urloncf :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
K to :?— Astarita. Ill <HIcke) 1 1 11
T to 1— Rostand. Ill (O'Neill) ... 4 4 2 n
4 to 1 — young H>nry. 134 (Fuller) 5 5 3 V,
Time 1-14 2-."i. Start bad. Won cleverly.
Winnrr J G. FolIansbeeV b. f. by Bathamp
ton-IJtla A. Bad News 100. Illyria 'J.*. Ahu
mada 10S also ran.
THIRD RACE— Selling; one and a sixteenth
miles:
IU-ttir.K. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. a i Fin.
11 to 20— Daisy Green, 07 (Higns) 2 2 11
8 to 1 — Nevermore, SS (Jones)... 3 12 6
20 to 1 — Star & Garter, 82 (H.
Callahan) * 3 3h
Time. 1 :4".«. Start fair. Won driving. Win
n-r J. G. Foliansbee's h. f. by Baseetlaw-
Extract. Ella Jrnyder P2, Hyland 105. Bob
Hilliard 90, Bar It Due lO-'J. Advocate 1<#.
Anklet 93. Louis Elston &7. also ran.
SECOXD RACE — Selling; for two-year-olds;
furlon#-*:
netting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3:1 U> .V-W<tan 122 (Hicke) 3 3 In
4 to 1— Fais 112 (Burns) 1 5 2 2
r> to 1— Palette. 109 (O'Neill) .... 5 1 3 6
Time. 1 :14 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winnf-r Hampton Stableo" b. c. by Wagner-
Vndr-cided. Little Em 100. Gyp«y Ben 99,
Kuth Parrlsh 99. Vibrator 102, also ran.
BRIGHTON* BEACH, Oct. 12.— The en
tire infleld was filled with water from one
to three feet de*-p to-day. The naturally
eandy soil of the track itself was bo sat
urated that Its cplor was a dark brown,
almost like chocolate. Near the rail it
was very sticky, and any horse forced to
run In that part of the track was reason
ably sure to be beaten.
Whether Astarita would have won th?
Ripple handicap if either Young Henry or
Ahumada had l>e«n more fortunate at the
start is much to be doubted. Ahumada
ran a remarkably good race after being
practically left at the pest. The colt" was
never better in his life, and though he
FT'Owc-d much temper on his way to the
Ftarting post it seemed vrry hard that he
should receive such a bad start that the
whole aspect of the race was altered.
Astarita led all the way and was never
In danger of defeat. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Selling; for two-year-olds;
fix furlonps:
Jtettlnir. Horse. Weipht Jockey. St. Fin.
C to 5 — Graceful 10y (Micharis). 6 0 1 nk
32 tc 1 — Sonoma Belle. 1(4 (Fur
man) 8 9 2h
C to 1— Fapie. 109 (Hlpjrlns) 4 r. 3 3
T?m«, 1:14 2-5. htart bad. Won driving:.
Winner. J. P. Kramer's b. f. Ijj» Goldfinch-La
< "achuca. Prince Vic 90. Uda Leib 100, Raidrr
!to Uiverd&ie 102. Pol ' Roger 102, Ganrevort
102, St. Jolly 1«»4. also ran.
Special r>iEpatch to The Call
Willie See finally put one over in the !
six furlongs run, following. He handled !
the 4 to 1 chance, Marelio, with good '
Judgment, beating out the 8 to 5 favorite,
The Miller, by a neck. As everything in
the race was 4 or 5 to 1, it was difficult to
single out a second or third choice. i
Even money and take your pick,
Searcher or Cambaceres, 5 to 1 llomage
and 6 to 1 Invictus, the ticket showed on
the four starters in the mile and a six
teenth selection. Searcher was strung up
to do all sorts of things, but Powell on
Cambaceres led the good thing a dog's
life from the Jump, winning under half
pressure in 1:48. Homage showed.
Unquestionably the pyrotechnical win of
the fifth stanza, a 5^ scramble, by Estado
was one of the features. The gelding was
stanchly supported at 5 to 2, and beat
the other starters away. The farther
they went the more daylight showed be
tween Estado and his companions, until
he finally won by six telegraph poles. Be
hind h^n, ridden to his utmost capacity,
all sails set, Ike Tullett, with his hand on
the throttle and peeking out of the cab
window. Botany, the 6 to 5 favorite, fin
ished second, and Bicycle, on whom Kunz
pedaled hard with a punctured tire,
grabbed show honors. T'' :¦
To Grail, racing In the colors of the
dapper little bookie, John Mellin, fell the
last purse. . The route, seven furlongs.
Just suited the mare, and after a mild
drive, she downed Dollie Weithoff, the
pacemaker, with something to spare.
Tizona was a starter, but his form would
indicate that he Is not up to much.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 12. — Weather fine,
track fast. Summary:
Six furlongs, selling — Respirator, 107 (A.
Pico), 9 to 2. won; Cherries, 107 (Tullett). 7
to 1, second; Billy Moore. 107 (Kunz), 4 to 1,
third. Time. 1:15. Loyal S. Ingo, El Pllar.
\Red Tip and Louwelsea also" ran.
Six furlongs, selling— Ma'rello. 114 (See), 4
to 1, won; The Miller. 114 (U Jackson), 8 to
5. second; Frank Pearce, 114 (I. Powell), ;;
to 1. third. Time. 1:14%. Teufel, Adnor,
Augle. Nora B and Kinatlilon also ran;
Jonathan Club stakes,, five and a half fur
longs — Dr. Rowell, 110 (Frawley), even, won;
Fox Lake. 113 (I. Powell). 8 to 5, second;
Miss McBowdi^h, 100 (Crosswalte), coupled
with Dr. Rowell, third. Time, 1:08. Eva D,
Eugenia B, Potrero Grande. Sol Smith, Flea,
Annie Marie and Fat Bulger also ran.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling — Camba
ceres. 109 (I. Powell), 6 to 5, won; Searcher,
113 (Henderson), even, second; Homage, 102
(Hlldebrand). 5 to 1. third. Time, 1:48, In
victus also ran.
Big Bill Knapp, who is here with the
Curl stable, made his first appearance at
the meeting on Sol Smith. Respirator,
which was on Saturday played down to
win a race from 25 to 6, took the scramble
from an uncanny assortment. Ridden by
Pico and 4^ to 1, the gelding easily dis
posed of Cherries and Billy Moore. Lee
Jackson rode the favorite, Loyal S., and
gathered nothing.
Duke sent the bunch away nicely, and
almost from the start the two favorites
showed in front. It resolved itself down
to a long drive, Frawley, astride Dr.
Rowell, earning: the decision over Ira
Powell, on Fox Lake," by the shortest of
noses. Potrero Grande, a brother to La
Goleta, had shown well jn his work, but
ran disappointingly. Miss May Bowdish
ran third. { .
Six running events were decided, and
as four first choices failed to report from
the firing line, it is needless to add, the
(syndicate) ring added to its exchequer.
Apparently the big bettors are still out on
their ranches, but the field book was at
tacked from all sides and riddled by the
dollar bettors, quitting losers.
There were ten starters for the Jona
than Club stake affive and a half fur
longs, worth $C30 to the winner. Dr. Row
ell and Fox Lake stood out In bold relief,
so the syndicators took the ram by the
horns and laid 6 to 5 on the Doctor, who
was coupled with his stable mate. May
Bowdish, and even money on the Chi
cago colt, who was coupled in the betting
with Sol Smith. Later on 8 to 5 was laid
about the latter pair. .
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— The racing at
Agricultural Park this afternoon was lib
erally patronized, as it was "ladles' day,"
and the gate was placed at the pleasure
of the fair sex. The' one harness event
was called off for a lack of entries, which
caused a sigh of relief. The weather
was hot enough to cause blisters on the
grandstand roof shingles, and hundreds
of visitors registered at the refreshment
bureau. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; Felling-.
letting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
i 7 to 2— Louisville, ldO (J.Booker) 0 .! 1 1
K to 5— Bart of Avon. 105 (Phllps) S 4 2. _
50 lo SHmSU B»wn. 105 (D.Hall) 4 2 S3
Time 1 '40 4-r.. Start good. Won handily.
Wi-ner C. E. Mahone & Co.'s b. m..by Ixvin
• Ua"vi'rulent Ivemia 105. OmduNnan 108.
Fe^ral ™«2 : Attlla KB. Paul Whaler »7. Ben
eon Caldwell 102. Major DUon 07. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: purse.
Hrttine Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. =, Fin.
« • c "Seisin* Etawrth.105 (Wndly) 1 5 1 1
,T to i_j p. Mayberry.H-' <Phlll*l 5 3 2 4
8 to 1— Mayor D. S. RcKj.05 (Bike) . < •* h
Time 1-14 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner J. D. McMillan & Co.'s b. c. by King
Eric-Mabel Ellsworth. Clanger 103, Enverlte
IS; Foresight 110. Black Wolf 103, Wigwam
1C"! also ran.
FOURTH RACK— One . mile and seventy
Bettf n : g hS H U ™e P ; WH.ht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to r> -Sidney C. Ix>ve. 95 (Rbbnn) 1 111
7 to 5— Maj. Tenny. H7 (Phillips). 2 2 2 1
7 tr "—Nitrate. 1CS (S. Bonher)... 4 3 .5 6
T-me 1:43 3-8. Start good. Won driving.
W'nner' E. G< Stutter's ch. c. by Dr. MacBride-
OmsUnce XV* Fairbury 102. Huzzah 95, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse.
IWtingr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to r j — Our Bessie, 106 (FerrelD.. 2 5 1 1 Va
30 to 1— Alfredo. 103 (H.Phillips).. 5 2 2 2« 2
6 to 5 By Ways. 10."> (Wilson)... 1 4 3 h
Time 1-46 Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner J ' F Newman's b. f. by Lord Dalmeny-
Br«'sle Bislaiid. Henry McDaniel 101. Corus
cate 10r>. Tancred 103. Springstead 103, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlonrs; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
»; t0 5— Incubator. Ill (FerrelD... 5 3 1 3V6
5 to 2— Sir Launcelot.110 (Dmnck) 3 2 2 314
11 to 2— Nervator, 111 (Williams). 2 1 3 nk
Time 1:14. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. F." B. Van Meter & Co.'e b. c. by In
goldsby-My Chick. Jet 1OS. Sir Hugh 10s, Rye
vale 03. also ran. .
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— Sidney C. Love,
coupled with Huzzah as E. G. Stutte's
and James Arthur's entry and backed
from 2 to 1 to 8 to 5, won the feature
event at Worth to-day, a handicap at a
mile and seventy yards, and equaled the
track record of 1:43 3-5. Major Tenny, the
favorite at 7 to 5, was second. Sidney
C. Love set all the pace, having a clear
lead of two lengths. Major Tenny and
Nitrate were second and third, necks
apa'rt, to the turn for home, where Sidney
C. Love etill led by a length. In this
order they crossed the line, with Sidney
C. Love having plenty in reserve.
As was expected, the racing to-day was
high class, three track records being tied.
The track was at its best, the weather
clear and cool and the attendance above
the Monday average. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
puree.
netting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to 1— Tokalon. 107 (D. Hall).... S 1 1 3
4 to 5— Alma Dufonr. 112 (Kelff). 2 6 2 2
20 to 1— Uadger Girl. 104 (Wake).. 4 C 3 1
Time. 1 :CK> 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner G. W. Scott & Co.'s b. f. by Tam
many-Enid. My Gem 10O. Cyprienn© 112, Tap
lola 100, Wistaria 100. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 12.— Gray Gem
and his driver and owner, "TV. B. McDon
ald, were suspended by the judges to
day for one year. The suspension oc
curred after Gray Gem won the fifth heat
of the 2:18 trot, with Scott Hudson in
the sulky. Gray Gem had won the first
two heats of the race and lost the third
and fourth heats to Grade Kellar. Ru
mors had reached the ears of the judges
before the race was called that McDonald
would attempt to lay up one or two heats.
They called him into the stand before the
first heat and warned him. He was again
warned after he lost the third heat and
after the fifth heat Gray Gem. was placed
in charge of a policeman. Hudson was
awarded $100 for his drive. Betting on
the race was moderate. Summary:
First race, 2:14 class, trotting, purse $1000 —
Marion Wilkes won the first, second and fifth
heats in 2:09%, 2:10. 2:10. Norrie won the
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs,
puree : .
Betting. Horse. .Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1— Kolles Bergres, 103 (Sayre) t( 2 1 nk
5 to 1— Ben Adklns, 111 (Mahon). 2 1 2 h .
13 to 5— Orient, 10.1 (Austin) 5 4 3 6
Time, l:08«i. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. E. S. Gardner's b. f. by Hlmyar-Frogmore.
Lady Free Knight 111. Sadie Burch 107, Lord
Hermenee 111), Lora J 103. Toupee 103, Rhyme
and Reason 107, Bill Knight 111,, Hugh Mc-
Gowan 10.'t, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards, purse:
netting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to r> — Dan McKenna, 10.t( Austin) 4 1 1 n
!) to 5 — Monsieur Beaucaire, 103
(Smith) 5 2 28
• S to fi — Aladdin. 107 (Sheehan)... 2 3 3 15
Time. l:4o>i- Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. C Milam & Co.'s b. c. by Pirate ot
Ponzance-Lady Modred. Second Mate 103,
Lindenella lot), also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1 — Cogtwell. 104 (Foley) 1 ti 1 h
4 to 1 — Dekaber. 05 iRaynor) 8 3 2 2
4 to 1 — Quiet. 100 (Sheehan) 5 13 1
Time, 1:43%'. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, P. J. Miles' blk. g. by Jim Gray-Leola.
Blue Grass Girl 100, Behoove 105, Olonetz 105,
Leenja 104, Rcssfame 112, Amentum 112, Har
old Parker 9S, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs. Belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. "•; Fin.
3 to 2 — John Yerkes. 105 (Austin). 6 115
5 to 1 — Captain Gaston, 107(She'hn) 4 2 2 H
7 to 2— Bengal, 100 (Livingston)... 1 4 3 %
Time, 1:27%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, "W. II. Robinson's b. h. by Scorpion-Cre
dora. Pettijohn 100. Kingrose 100, Hetzel 100,
Nearest 107. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, Belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
10 to 1 — Sting. 100 (Austin) 4 2 1 nk
10 to 1 — The -Four Hundred, 1C5 (J.
Taylor) : 7 4 2 4
5 to 1 — Optimo, 107 (Sheehan) 15 3 1
Time, 1:15*4. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, C. Schwacker'e b. f. by Prince of Monaco-
Gypsy Queen. Tempt 105, Silver Plush 100,
The Gaito 97, True Blue 100, MIbs Guido 100,
Lady Chariot 97, N'ina Fry 97. Kiss Quick 100,
Axares 10S, Submarine 100, Hemlock 102, also
ran.
BT. LOUIS, Oct. 12.— Under a clever
ride by Jockey Austin, Dan McKenna
won the fourth event of to-day's card
at the Fair Grounds. McKenna was sent
to the front when the barrier went up
and, leading all the way, lasted Just long
enough to win from Monsieur Beaucaire,
which came with a terrific burst of speed
in the stretch. Austin won. three races
during the afternoon.
The track was fast, the weather cleai
and pleasant and the attendance large.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — One-half mile, purse:
Betting. Hprse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Pilgrim Girl. 112(Matthws) 0 1 1 S
4 to 1— Amberita, 112 (Kelly) 5 3 2 Mi
15 t<? 1— Zama, 112 (Austin) 7 2 3 1
Time, :4U%. Start good. Wan easily. Win
ner, It. E. Watkins & Co.'s br. f. by Silver
Fox-Scarlet Letter. Hooibeat 112, Nellie Crom
well 112. Mabel Reed, 112, Ora Z 114, Pure
Favor 112, Falcon's Pearl 112, Debbie May
112, Alice Morgan 112, Bettie Deceiver 112,
Serenity 112, Polly Hill 112, Kitty Harlan 112,
also ran.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The early morning handicap tourna
ment of the San v Franclsco Golf Club
against bogey, which began on Septem
ber 12, has been canceled. The condi
tions were that each competitor should
complete five rounrs of nine holes each,
match play, against bogey before 9
o'clock in the morning. Each competitor
received a handicap of strokes according
to his or her skill, the handicaps being
allotted by Robert Johnstone, the club
professional. Only five of the nine com
petitors who entered completed the five
rounds, Mrs. E. S. Miller and Miss Edith
Chcsebrough being prevented by the
rain, which fell on Friday morning, from
handing in* full returns. L. B. Edwards
won the prize offered for the event, being
three up against bogey in the five
rounds. The full details, with the num
ber 'of strokes given to each player, are
shown in tho table:
Jimmy Britt has been warned that he
has a hard game in the Italian, but Jimmy
is as confident as ever that he will win.
A large delegation will come from the in
terior to see the battle. A $10,00) house
is expected. There will be two good ten
round preliminaries between well-known
scrappers.
Modesty is one of Charley Seiger*B
worst fallings. The Italian lightweight
who is to battle twenty rounds with
Jimmy Britt next Friday night does very
little talking about himself. He allow3
his manager. Billy Roach, to handle that
part of the fighting game. As for himself,
he is there to wield his "mitts" and he
certainly knows how to do this to per
fection. Seiger is almost down to weight.
After eating a hearty lunch yesterday h©
discarded his wearing apparel and stepped
on to the scales to satisfy the sporting
writers. The beam registered 136 pounds.
A smile of huge proportions crossed the
weather-beaten face of Roach and he
jubilantly said: "Well, I guess he'll be
down to weight all right, all right."
Seiger has until Friday night to make 133
pounds. He will certainly do this easily.
He says he will have no trouble doing so
and wants his admirers to believe him
when he says he will not be weakened.
He is a strong fellow. His muscular de
velopment is much better than Britt'a
and his determination to win is equal
to the local fighter's.
There was a big crowd at Seiger's train-
Ing quarters j at the ocean beach yester
day. Seiger boxed for the last time while
in training. His manager will not take
any chances of Seiger injuring his hand3.
He will keep him on the road and In the
gymnasium for the next three days.
.Seiger boxed with one, of his sparring
partners yesterday. He went two rounds
before a big crowd and when time was
called he did not take a long breath. He
is in superb condition. He says that had
he been in as good shape when he met
Gans he would have beaten the negro
champion.
Alec Greggains, manager of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, was over to see
Britt and reports that clever youth to be
in superb shape. Kddie Graney has been
selected to referee the contest. The bet
ting at the present time is 10 to 8, with
Britt favorite.
The sale of seats will open at Harry
Corbett's this morning. The attendance
will be very large, judging by the interest
taken in the fight. Even Britfs earnest
admirers want to see Jimmy tried out.
They think he is a champion and believe
that Seiger will make things interesting
for him. Seiger's twenty-round draw
with Rufe Turner and his splendid show
ing against Joe Gans prove he is a dan
gerous man.
Sets Pace Throughout and
Has Something Left at
Finish.
Prize Offered for Event Is
Carried Off by L. B.
* Edwards.
Consistent Dan McKenna Is
Again First Past the
Judges.
Does Not Heed Judges* Warn
ing Not to Attempt Any
Crooked Driving.
Estado 'Makes a Runaway of
the Fifth Race on the
Sale of Seats for Contest
Will Open To-Day at
Corbatt's.
Heavy Going Near the Rail
Affect3 the Results at
Brighton.
Colt Runs a Fine Race
After Being Almost
Left at Post.
Equals the Track Record
in a Handicap at
Worth.
Handicap Contest That
Begun September
12 Concluded.
Grounds.
Rides Three Winners at
the St. Louis Fair
Holds Eack Qracie Kel
lar in Trotting Race
at Lexington. *
Jonathan Club Stake at
Los Angeles Track
Exciting.
Italian lightweight Is
Almost Ready for
Britt.
POOR SEND-OFF
BEATS AHUMADA
SIDNEY C. LOVE
RUNS FAST RACE
JOCKEY AUSTIN
IN GOOD FORM
GOLF PLAYERS
END TOURNEY
DR. HELL WINS
BY A SHOUT NOSE
HORSE OWNER
IS SUSPENDED
SEIGED GETTING
DOWN TO WEIGHT
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1903.
Venezuelan Claims Settled.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— A number of
claims against Venezuela have been set
tled by the assent of the United States
Government, which has been prosecuting
them before the special courts constituted
for that purpose. The claims are as fol
lows, the figures be^ng the amounts al
lowed the claimants: Francis I. Roberts,
as administratrix of William Quirk,
$18,154; For Dix, $11,337; Terrine B. De
gardemia, $29,363; Coro and Lavela Rail
way and Improvement Company, $61,104;
Boulton, Bliss & Dallet, $27,644; Emerich
Genys, $29,594; administatrix of Giovanni
Turni, Gorman Manufacturing Company
and Josef a CarabelH, $19,611; Kuhnhardt
& Co., $13,947.
Use of Drugs Shatters Reason.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— Mrs. ' Kate Mc-
Leary of this city, a writer of novels,
was adjudged insane -by a Jury to-day and
ordered placed in an asylum. The use of
drugs, to which she became addicted
through the administering of morphine
during a fever in 1S94, is said to have un
balanced her mind.
Criminals are generally scattered in branch
prisons — quartered in rude stockades without
proper sanitation, food or clothing. The aver
ag«r life of these . convicts is less than ten
years. Old and young are promiscuously
chained and herded together. - Even men and
women in some cases are not separated. Hard
ened i criminals and the boy convicted of his
first crime; the comparatively good,! the most
depraved, vile and abandoned , are chained
together. One warden of a State prison pro
tests in his report that "under. the present law
and customs i the penitentiary is tho school of
crime instead of- being a reformatory institu
tion." Of the boys under -18, nine-tenths of
them leave prisons much worse than when they
come In.
8
I 1st 1 2nd 3rd | 4th 3th I Han-
COMPETITORS. | Round. | Round. Round. |Round. Round.) dlcap.
L>. B. Edwards t ..II up II up 0 1 up 0 3.1
R. I. Bentley U'down 3 up 3 down 2 down 0 20
Lr. F. Monteagle ' 13 down 4 down 3 down 0 • 3 down 33
Mrs. K. S. Miller 3 down 3 up 5 down 40
W. J. Outton 5 down 2 down 3 down 1 down 6 down 35
Miss Chesebrough 5 down 5 down 1 up 35
R. G. Hanford ".".*.".".'. ->5
E. N. Bee 1 down 5 down 5 down 2 down " ' 35
Reginald White f .*'"'" 40
I Score.
3 up
6 down
13 down
5 down
17 down
9 down
13 down
I 1st 1 2nd 3rd | 4th 3th I Han-
COMPETITORS. | Round. | Round. Round. |Round. Round.) dlcap.
L>. B. Edwards t ..II up II up 0 1 up 0 3.1
R. I. Bentley U'down 3 up 3 down 2 down 0 20
Lr. F. Monteagle ' 13 down 4 down 3 down 0 • 3 down 33
Mrs. K. S. Miller 3 down 3 up 5 down 40
W. J. Outton 5 down 2 down 3 down 1 down 6 down 35
Miss Chesebrough 5 down 5 down 1 up 35
R. G. Hanford ".".*.".".'. ->5
E. N. Bee 1 down 5 down 5 down 2 down " ' 35
Reginald White f .*'"'" 40
I Score.
3 up
6 down
13 down
5 down
17 down
9 down
13 down
ADVERTISEiJENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
THE UF&*of3i
The most loathsome and repulsive of all N^lijfi/ _.— Tt rti ~— J iy
living things is the serpent, and the vilest and
most degrading of all human diseases is Contagious Blood Poison. The
serpent sinks its fangs into the flesh and almost instantly the poison passes
through the entire body. Contagious Blood Poison, beginning with, a little
ulcer, soon contaminates every drop of blood and spreads throughout the
whole system. Painful swellings appear in the groins, a red rash and
copper colored splotches break out on the body, the mouth, and throat
become ulcerated, and the hair and eye browsiall out ; but these symptoms
are mild compared to the wretchedness and suffering that come in the latter
stages of the disease when it attacks the bones and more vital parts of the
body. It is then that Contagious Blood Poison is seen in all its hideous-
ness. The deep eating abscesses and sickening ulcers and tumors show
the whole system is corrupted and poisoned, and unless relief comes soon
1 this serpent disease tightens its coils and crushes out the life. The only
antidote for the awful virus is S. S. S. It is nature's remedy, com-
S'_ posed entirely. of vegetable ingredients. S. S. S.
destroys every vestige of the poison, purifies the
V^^t blood and removes all danger of transmitting the
S»3/ awful taint to others. Nothing else will do this.
Strong mineral remedies, like mercury and potash,
dry up the sores and drive in the disease, but do not cure permanently.
Send for our home treatment book and write us if in need of medical
advice or special inf onnation. This will cost you nothing.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAm'TORONTO.' Ont.. Oct.' 12. — Leopold J. Stem,
indicted at . Washington In connection with the
postal ~ frauds,' - has \ waived his appeal ' against
the extradition order recently obtained by- the
United • States authorities, and wilr return . to
Washington; •-¦ ¦ - •' ';.. •
The Ba s hi- Bazouk shaves his head ex
cept a tnft at the crown, -which Is -to
be used by the angel to Jerk him to par
adise if he should be slain by his intended
victim. ¦HflBSSBHHR89E
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12. — The statement of
the Postoffice DpoartiMnt. giving . the nj
celpts at fifty of.th« largest postofffces In 'the
country > for. the. month of September, shows
the total i to be 15,500,422, a *ain of ' nearly
9 per "• cent " over the receipt* ¦ for/ the same
month laat year. :•
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 12.— John McKenna.
who came here in 1S49, died : yesterday
after a continuous : residence In this city
since the cold. days. He was known by
all old settlers. He was 84 years of age
and a native of Vermont. He leaves a
daughter, the wife of. Captain Farley : of
San Francisco and 'two, sons.
Pioneer Dies at Santa Cruz.
REIiO.-Nev., Oct. 12.— A serious cutting
scrape occurred at Wedekmd City, four
miles east of Reno, last evening. George
Smith a miner, cut Ike May, foreman of
Governor John Sparks' mine,* in the shoul
der several times. May has a chance for
recovery and Smith has been locked up
pending results. A petty quarrel led to
the cutting.
Cutting Follows Small Quarrel.
The different rooms of the . training
school are artistically furnished, the fur
niture having been dedicated to the school
by the different Methodist ' churches . of
the "East-
The present home of the training school,
129 Haight street, was bought two years
ago at a very low figure, owing to the
poor condition of the building, which was
at that time a mere - shell. With the aid
of the different churches throughout the
country the old house has been renewed
and is now occuDied by a large number
of younff women who are taking" a'train
ing coarse which prepares them for dea
conesses of the church.
The ladies of the San Francisco - Na
tional Training School and Deaconess'
Home received a large number of Invited
guests yesterday afternoon and last even
ing at the school on Halght street.
Yesterday's receotion marked the re
opening of the school, and at the even
ing reception a large and handsomely fur
nished room, known as the "Memorial
room," was dedicated to the memory of
Mrs. William Abbott, *one of the original
founders of the school, who died in this
city last December.
PAY FITTING THIBUTE TO
MEMOBY OP UBS. ABBOTT
Ladies of San Francisco National
Training School Dedicate Me
morial Room.
Shingle Men to Confer.
Arthur Oourley of Chicago, who is
largely Interested in shingle mills In the
vicinity of Eureka, and W. E. Barnett.
Chicago representative of the local shin
gle combine, arrived from the East last
evening- and are at the Palace. The pres
ence of Mr. Gourley in the city at this
time lg said to be due to negotiations now
under way for bringing his mills into the
combine. His mills are the 'strongest
cempf-titor of the combine, and realizing
this fact it is reported that the members
of the latter have offered to make him
certain concessions provided he join them.
Gourley and the combine members are
expected to confer here to-day. -/-".
Insolvent Painter.
William Armstrong, a painter and grain
er of this city, filed a petition In insolv
ency in the United States District Court
yesterday. He owes S3031 and has no as
sets.
Monday i s the favorite day for commit
tiss suicide. i
The threshing crews are provided with
electric light plants and will work at
night If the high winds continue. Should
the same conditions prevail for a few
days considerable damage will result to
the bean crop. . •
VENTURA, Oct. 12.— A fierce fire is
raging in the mountains back of Santa
Paula. It is sweeping along Sulphur
Mountain and the boundaries of the Pine
Mountain reservation and can be seen
near the summits. Government rangers
under Supervisor Slosson are "fighting the
fire.
A strong cast wind prevailed here to
day, carrying a great deal of sand, which
seriously interfered with the work of
threshing the big bean crop. The weather
was extremely hot and dry. Toward
night the wind abated and threshers will
be run to-night in order to avoid the hot
wind which is expected to prevail to
morrow.
lime manufacturer of Santa Cruz. They
owned adjoining ranchej on the Merced
River, but had been unfriendly, for some
years, owing to a dispute over a question
of v damages claimed by Mrs. Ingalsbe by
reason of Coweil' s 'cattle trespassing on
her land.
On March 2 last Ingalsbe, while passing
the Coweil 5 ranch. calle*d Coweil from a
field to the . road. After some conversa
tion, between them Ingalsbe shot Coweil.
The aged millionaire seemed to recover
from the wound, and Ingalabe was tried
on a charge of assault with intent to mur
der. ; He was acquitted on the ground of
temporary insanity, v ¦
After shooting Coweil Ingalsbe ~ turned
his '; gun on Milton Thomas and Charles
Kennedy, / employes of ; Coweil, and fired
one snot .each, at them, missing both
times. Two charges . of assault to mur
der were filed against him for those shots,
and he* was' to have 'been .tried on' those
charges after, the hot weather was ovtr.
:• In the meantime, however/ Coweil died
and Ingalsbe 'was again arrested, this
time on the charge of murder. This is the
case nowon'trlal.
Hiram of San Francisco and
Frank H. 5 Farrar of Merced are; assisting
District Attorney E.,E" Hoar in 'the pros
ecution, while>. Colonel W. SL" ' Gibson * : of
Merced,-; Senator 'Goucher of Madera and
Judge Ostrander of Fresno are conducting
the defense: : It Is understood the defense
will; again : b« insanity. 5 The taking of
testimony will begin * to-morrow.
MERCED, Oct. 12.— After two days of
hard work, during which nearly 200 tales
men were examined, a jury was finally
secured to-night to try I>eigh Ingalsbe on
the charge of murdering Henry Coweil.
Ingalsbe comes from.; a prominent and
wealthy family here, while the alleged
victim, of his bullet was the millionaire
A grand bazaar is to be held to-night
and Wednesday and Thursday evenings
under the auspices of the Ladies' Aid So
ciety of the Trinity English Evangelical
Lutheran Church at Mission Opera-house.
The object is to increase the funds
wherewith to erect an English Lutheran
church In the Mission district.
A church eite has already been secured
en Howard street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, and when the money
needed is subscribed it is the intention of
the trustees to build a handsome house
of ¦worship. I •
The tazaar has been long contemplated,
and great preparations have been made
to make the affair a success worthy of
the object
Lutheran Church to Give Entertain
ment to Secure Funds for Erec
tion of Sacred Edifice.
BAZA ATI TO AID BUILDING
FUND FOE. PLACE OF WORSHIP
Witnesses to Be Exam
ined in a Notable
Merced Case.
Destroying Fire Roars
in Mountains Near
Santa Paula.
JURY WILL HEAR
OF SECRET FEUD
Dennis Jordan, the well-known con
tractor, died last Sunday morning at
his residence, 633 Webster street, at the
age of 73 years, after an illness of a few
days.
The deceased was a familiar figure in
building circles. He laid the foundation
of the new City Hall and erected the bulk
of the main building, together with the
Hall of Records. He also built Branch
Jail No. 2, the shot tower, the Merchants'
Exchange, the old Starr King church and
other prominent buildings.
Dennis Jordan was particularly known
on account of his claims against the State
of California for work done at Folsom
prison. He claimed that a conspiracy
was formed to defraud him of. $00,000 and
he proved his case before five Legisla
tures. TheSt-ork at Folsom was "done in
1STS and it was not until 1S37 that Jor
dan's claim was allowed.
Mr. Jordan is survived by his widow
and eight children, one of the sons, Jo
seph Jordan, being a prominent news
paper man in this city. The deceased was
born at Jonesboro, County Armagh, Ire
land.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
morning at 9:30 from 633 Webster street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, Fell and
Fillmore streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated. The inter
ment will take place at Holy Cross Ceme
tery. <*¦;. v
Dennis Jordan, Who Laid Foundation
of New City Hall, Passes
Away.
PBOariNENT CONTBACTOB
CALLED TO LAST BEST
Open Bids for Affidavits.
Bids were opened yesterday by the
Election Commissioners for the printing
of 100,000 affidavits to be used for the reg
istration of voters in 1204. Eleven bids
were put in, ranging from $.'.72 50 to JS50.
The lowest bidder was the Hayden Print
ing Company, but as there was some
doubt as to the quality of the paper to
be furnished the award of the contract
was put over until to-day.
Warning to the Charitable.
The Associated Charities have issued a
warning to the public to beware of a man
who, they ' claim, is - collecting money
fraudulently. The man In question** seeks
funds "to be used to buy a. crutch for a
lame child by the name of Mullins, living
at 15 Birch avenue." The officers of the
association have been unable to find any
such number on the avenue. .
Suicide is rare among the asred.
The Parisians ate 23,000 horses last year.
The Congregational Club held its Octo
ber meeting and dinner at the California
Hotel last evening, about thirty mem
bers of the organization being present.
The. general theme of the evening was.
"Are we Congregationalists living up to
our opportunities?" Rev. William Rader
delivered an address on "The Past De
cade," and J. H. Lawrence spoke upon
the "Urban Point of View." The Rural
Standpoint" was the subject discussed by
Rev. S. C. Patterson. j
Hold Monthly Dinner.
Andre-w "Wallen Locks Wife Otrt of
Their Bedroom and Tarns
On Gas.
Andrew Wallen, formerly a saloon-keep
er at Commercial and Drumm streets,
was found dead from gas asphyrciatlon in
his room at 303 Minna street yesterday
morning. All indications point to deliber
ate ruicide. A canary bird in the same
room was also asphyxiated.
Mrs. Wallen, wife of the dead man,
etated that she had gone to a picnic with
C. A. Johnson and his wife Sunday, and
on ht-r return home she found the door to
her bedroom locked. Failing to arouse
her husband, she fpent the night with the
Johnsons, who live in the same house. At
7 o'clock the following morning she again
tried to sain admission to her room, but
the door was stiil locked. She says she
peeked through the keyhole and saw her
husband lying on the bed and his hands
were moving. Two hours later she again
tried the door, and then for the first time
noticed the odor of gas. She notified
Johnson, who assisted C. J. Tyler to crawl
through the transom. Wallen's life was
extinct. Both pas jets were turned on.
Deputy Coroner Fennell made an inves
tigation. Mrs. Wallc-n's statements were
corroborated by those in the house, and
the condition of the body showed that
death had resulted only a short time be
fore its discovers', tending to confirm her
t>tory of the time of death. As a matter
of precaution the police were notified, and
Detective Cody was detailed to inquire
Into the case. He reported that death
was undoubtedly due to suicide.
Walk n was 2S years of age and a native
'¦f Sweden. His wife dtnied that there
had been any trouble between them. It
was claimed by those living in the house
that he had frequently threatened to com
mit suicide and was generally of a mel
pncholy disposition.
F0BMEB SALOON KEEPEB
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
FLIES WHIRL
ABOUND PEAKS
REPRESENTATIVE mining men
will assemble to-day at the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery in this city
_to pay the last token of respect
to John F. Parks, who died at the
Kennedy mine last Saturday. The remains
were brought here last evening, accompa
nied by Code Commissioner John F. Davis
and Fred W. Bradley, sons-in-law of the
deceased. The services will take place in
the chapel at the cemetery to-day at 11
o'clock.
John F. Parks was an exponent of the
mining industry in California. At the
time of his death he was the superintend
ent of the Kennedy mine. That position
he had occupied since February 1. 1S87.
Befqre he assumed the duties of that po
sitio'n he was the foreman of the Key
stone mine, where he was located many
years. In the long period represented by
these two engagements Mr. Parks was
one of the most conspicuous figures on
the mother lode. He had fine executive
ability, excellent judgment and a thor
ough acquaintance with the practical
problems that he was called upon con
stantly to solve. Upon his judgment
much reliance was placed by the Kennedy
Mining Company.
All mining men speak of Mr. Parks as
having been upright in all hl3 relations.
He was faithful to the interests of the
company. To all men he was fair. His
will was strong. His was a determined
personality. His friends were strongly
held to him by reason of his Qualities.
Mr. Parks crossed the plains to Califor
nia in the early days from Missouri. He
went soon to the mines of California,
Later he was the timberman for the
Ophir mine on the Comstock lode.- He
was called from Nevada to serve in Cali
fornia, his reputation having already been
established. He never went from the
mother lode for employment after begin
ning his work there.
At all times from the. date of Its organi
zation Mr. Parks was a prominent mem
ber of the California Miners' Association.
He was on the executive committee, rep
resenting Amador County, and was presi
dent of the Amador County branch of the
association. Two years ago he wa3 run
over by a street car while In this city to
attend the annual convention of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association. By this mis
hap he was disabled for some time. Later
he met with another accident. He had
been ailing several months. Last Decem
ber he caught a heavy cold, and this was
followed by pneumonia. Since then he
had not been well. He died of "miners'
consumption."
At one time Mr. Parks was a member
of the board of trustees of the State Min
ing Bureau by appointment of Governor
Budd. His other duties were too pressing
to permit him to attend to the trusteeship
and he resigned the place.
A widow and four children survive. The
daughters are Mrs. John P. Davis and
Mrs. F. W. Bradley. "The sons are J. F.
Parks Jr. and Samuel T. Parks. The last
named has been in Korea, where he has
been engaged in gold mining. Some time
ago he started for home, and is due soon
in this city, where a sad surprise awaits
him. The mother of John F. Parks sur
vives in Missouri at the advanced age of
90 years. ;
PROMINENT MINING MAN WHO PASSED AWAY SATURDAY IN AMA
DOR COUNTY, WHERE HE HAD RESIDED FOR THE LAST SIX
TEEN YEARS AS SUPERINTENDENT OF THE KENNEDY MINE.
t
The California society is a member of
the Federation of Public Accountants in
the United States, which was recently
organized, with headquarters in New
York City.
The officers of the California Society of
Certified Public Accountants are: Alfred
G. Platt, president; J. L. Fields, vice
president; Lester Herrick, secretary
treasurer; directors — Norman McLaren,
A. "Wenzelburger, "W. G. Langdon. J. L.
Fields. Julian B. Harris, W. R. Black
man. J. F. Foster, Alfred G. Platt, Lester
Herrick.
The society Is the outcome of the law
passed by the last Legislature appointing
a State board of accountancy. This
board is authorized to examine candi
dates who desire to follow the profes
sion of accountancy and the examination
Is very rigid.
The object of the Incorporated society
Is to elevate and maintain the standard
of proficiency of its members and to cul
tivate a spirit of professional co-opera
tion. -
The California Society of Certified
Public Accountants has been organized
under the laws of the State of California
and has established headquarters In this
city.
Object of Members Is to Elevate the
Standard of Proficiency of
Profession.
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
ABE NOW INCOBPORATED
The fifty-nine interior banks have
gained $1,221,859 93 in assets and ?772.
772 16 In deposits since June 30 o_ this
year. Two new Institutions of this char
acter have entered the field within the
last two months. All of the banks report
tliat they are much more prosper dus than
ever before. The Bank Commissions re
port of resources and liabilities, bnsed
on the returns of September 8, la as xo!-
Ictvs:
Resources— Bank premises. $8flO.62S 40; teal
estate taken for debt. $1,054,633 Zi; miscel
laneous stocks and bonds, $l4,37»,T7ti J3: loans
on real estate. $33,4*7,439 36; leans on stocks
and bonds and warrants. ?2."43,.i31 2H; loans
on personal security, including , overdrafts,
$1,425,152 05; loans on other securities, $618.
764 "S; money on hand, $1,200,080 TO; tue from
banks and bankers. $6,502,150 63: other AFsets,
$4TJ,318 42; total resources, $68,613,807 'M.
Liabilities — Capital paid in cola. $4,240.
355; reserve fund and profit and loss. $2.-'KX>.
827 89; due depositors. $61.44«.7O5 s'J:
county or city money, $27,611 12; other liabil
ities, $.'.07, SOS 10; total liabilities. $es,613,
007 04.
Report of State Board Shows Sub
stantial Gains in Both Assets
and Deposits.
INTEKIOK. BANKS ATVF,
TJNXrSTJAXLT PKOSPEBOTJS
The judgment of the Circuit Court was
reversed and the prisoners ordered dis
charged.
" After, the men had been sent to the
penitentiary their attorneys applied last
July for a writ of habeas corpus to the
United States Circuit Court of Washing
ton. United . States District Judge de
Haven of this city was sitting temporarily
in the Washington court in Seattle and
denied the petition for the writ. The mat
tar was then taken to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals.
Through th© blunder of a Federal law
officer two men under sentence of im
prisonment in the penitentiary were re
leased yesterday by the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals. The prisoners
are Charles Mackey and J. Archie Mc-
Leod. They were convicted of having on
July 26, 1902, flred with a revolver and a
shotgun upon C. -T. Stranahan, superin
tendent of the Nez Perces Indian Reser
vation in Idaho' while Stranahan was
making a search for spirituous liquors
which had been unlawfully Introduced
into the reservation. The prisoners -were
prosecuted under section 6 of "an act to
further prevent smuggling and. for other
purposes."
Judge Gilbert in rendering the opinion
of the Court of Apoeala said: "It is as
clear as words can make it that the act
refers only to offenses committed againat
officers of the customs, their deputies and
persons assisting them in the execution
of their duties, and that it has no appli
cation to an act done in resistance of an
Indian agent in making searches or
seizures upon an Indian reservation."
Pr*ei<!est. Sirs. Laura T. Piar.ey; vic« pres
idents, Mrs. J . ¦¦-*: :.:r.e K. Foster, ll:»s Ir.a
Cooibrilh, Mm. Ciare O. Southard, Mrs. Alice
K. Coolty, Mrs. Ann* M. Xlecd; recording mcc
retary. Miss Augusta. Friedrlch; assistant re
corfiins.secretary. ilr». Nellie Blessing Er**- e r;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. Lyfiia H. Mor
row; treasurer. Mrs. Augusta. M. Cahlll; libra
rian and historian. Mr* Sarah E. Reamer;
•uditor. Mrs. Ada H. Van Pelt.
Tr.e following additional members were
elected: ilrs. Ella M. Sexton. Mrs. Grace
Ilibbard and M. E. Kibbe, M. D.
EOKOBABY PEESIDENTS.
ilrs. Florence Percy Matheson and Mrs.
Abbie EL Krebs were made honorary pres
idents.
On the suggestion of Sarah E. Reamer,
It was resolved to send a message of sym
pathy to the family ot the late Colonel
Richard Savage.
At the conclusion cf the serious busl
r.css cf the convention the members ad
jourr.ed for luncheon, and later assembled
tv:th their friends to enjoy the social pro
gramme, which was opened by Miss
I>;uise Grosset, who captivated her audi
ence with her extremely beautiful voice
end her fascinating singing of "Chanson
l'rover.cait 1 " and "Oh, That We Two
"Were Maying." "Miss Blanche Vilas fol
lowed with a reading from "Mrs. WIggs
cf the Cabbage Patch," and received well
merited applause. Mrs. Arristeene Schultz
contributed the song "Morning and Even
ing," and so superbly was it rendered that
Mrs. Schultz was complimented with
reusing applause, and in response to de
zncuids for another vocal contribution sang
the negro ditty "Phoebe" in pure and
j « rfect tone and with heart feeling.
MISS HOAG WATTES HIT.
The reading of "The Widow Doodles,"
l>y Miss Laurena Elizabeth Hoag, con
%-ulse-d everybody. It was so full of com
edy, so clean cut in action and so able a
j.icture of the disconsolate widow as to
entitle Miss Hoag to a foremost position
in the ranks of readers. The young lady
v/as vociferously encored, and for her
eecond number gave one of James Whit
ccrnb Riley's gems, and again the reader
von honors.
The programme terminated with a read
ir.g by Jack London entitled "Coronation
l>ay."
Miss Evelyn Sresovich 1 acted as accom
panist In a manner that won her not
elcne the thanks of the vocalists, but also
the appreciation of the association and its
puests.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation held its annual convention yes
terday, when, besides the election of of
ficers for the ensuing year, a social, mu
sical and literary reception took place,
the programme of which was noted for its
exceptional excellence.
The election and business of the asso
ciation took up the whole of the morning,
the choice of efflcers resulting as follows:
Outside the two windows which give
light and air to the room is a ledge of
granite four inches wide and set at an
angle of 40 decrees from the wall. Six
feet away in an ansle of the wall is a
tin pipe running vertically from the roof
to the sidewalk to carry off rainwater.
It is doubtful whether this pipe would
bear the weight of a man. The theory
was advanced by Mr. North that the five
Chinese fishermen stepped out -upon the
window ledge and swung to the pipe with
the aid of an electric light wire that was
dangling from the room and then slid
down the pipe to the ground. But there
was not a scratch on the pipe- A sock
was found on the sidewalk near the
drain but whether it had been worn by
a Chinese or a white man only a sleuth
cculd determine.
The men were being detained pending
the examination of their right to be in
this country. They arrived from the
Alaska canneries on the steamer Queen.
It was the painful duty yesterday of
Chines© Inspector Charles Mehan to write
a report to his superior officer. Hart H.
North, United - States Immigrant Com
missioner, concerning the whys, hows and
wherefores of the escape of the third
batch cf Chinese prisoners durins the
month from, the custody of the Chinese
Bureau. It was likewise the painful duty
of United States Immigrant Commission
er North to write to his superior officer
In WaBhinffton, D. C, an account of the
hows and the whys and the wherefores
of th© escape of the aforesaid missing
third batch within the month. The last
escapes were five in number. They were
locked in the Grand Jury « room on the
fourth floor of the Appraiser's building
last Saturday evening and W. Randolph,
a watchman In the service of the Chinese
Bureau, was placed on guard In th© hall.
At ll:« p. m. Randolph was relieved
by Frederic J. Hooper, another watch
man. At 7 a. m. Captain M. S. Black
burn, in command of the watch, arrived.
They looked into the room and found it
empty. The door had been locked all
night and the transom over the door lead
ing to the fourth floor corridor was open
for ventilation.
Alaska Fishermen Give the
Watchman the Slip
in the Dark.
Court of Appeals Releases
Two Men From the.
\ Penitentiary.
Headings and Song Please
Members and Their
Friends.
Mistake of Prosecuting
, Officer Rectified by '
Jurists.
Third Batch of Coolies
Escapes Within a
Month.
"Women's Press Associa
tion Gives Pleasant',
Reception.
SENT TO PRISON
FOR NO OFFENSE
LITERARY FOLK
MEET AT SOCIAL
BUREAU LOSES
FIVE CHINESE
THE SAN FEANCI8CO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1903.
John F. Parks, Well Known on Mother Lode, Where
He Had Been Superintendent of Kennedy Gold
Producing Property Since 1887, Passes Away
PROMINENT MINING MAN'S DEATH
BRINGS SORROW TO ASSOCIATES
9
POLITICAL CABDS.
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
, Nominee
¦'¦ | For public Administrator^
William E. Lutz
jRepuiilican Nominee ["""^
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.) .
Regular Republican Nominee
OCEAN TBAVEL.
y^TX Steamers leav« San Fna-
/*\XJ*-VQ^ Cisco as follows:
Ari^ ¦ Xt»\ For Kctchlkan. Wran^l.
/*•' SPSl V"*\ Juneau. Hainea. Ska^sray.
I \«L2S3L I I « tc • Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
\ \ Yfaatja/ / S. 13. IS. 23. 28. Not. 3.
wX. \\ /.Of Changs to company's steara-
V5i^L_^&y' «" « Seattle.
V^AfSYvX Fcr Victoria. Vancouver.
""^ Port Ttrwnaend. Seattle. Ta»
coma. Everett. Wnatcazn — 11 a. ra. Oct. 8. 12
IS. 23. 28. Nov. 2. Chance at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska aad >J. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. ra., Oct. 13. 19. 23. 31. Nov. 8; Corona, 1:30
p. m., Oct. 10. 1«. 22. 2S. Nov. 3.
For Los Aneele* (via Pert Los Angeles asd
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 3 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pwlro and Eaat
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucca, Port Harford (3aa
Lais Oblspo), Ventura and Koeneme.
Coob Bay. 0 a. m.. Oct. 8. 16. 24. Nov. L,
BorJta. 9 a. m., Oct. 12. 20. 23. Nov. 5.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joaa de]
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa. Rj-
salia. Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. in. , 7th or each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right U reserved to chacga stsamers cr tall-
Ing dates;
TICKET OPP1CSS — ? New Montgom-
ery street (Palacu Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DITNANN. General Passenger. Agent.
10 Market street. San Fraaclscoi
O.-R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 10, 20. 30. Nov. 9, 19,
29. "George W. Elder" sails Oct. 3. 13. 23.
Nov. 4, 14. 24. Only steamship Una to PORT-
LAND. OB., and short rail ltaa from Portland
to all points Eajt. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at i.OVT.
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include bertli
and meals. " Steamer aails foot of Spear at. at
II a. m. 8. F. BOOTH, Gen. A*t. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LOXDOX.
N. Tcrk.Oct. 2S. lttamrst.Louis.Nov. 11.10am
Phila. ..Nov. 4. 10 amlN. York. Nov. 1<*. 10 aa
ATLA5TIC TSA2TSPOST XJS7S.
ISTew Tori — Itoaaon Direct.
Min'polis.Oct. 24, S an:[Masaba..Nov 7 9 mm.
Mln'ha-Oct. 31. l:3t>pm(Min > ka.Nov. 14.1:30 pza
Only First-cUss Passengers Carried.
DOMISXO5 luJff^.
Boston — Qnaesstows — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. .Oct. 22[Columbus Nov. 12
Cambroman Oct. 2U;Cummonwea!th.Nov. ID
Mayflower Nov. S ,
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada Oct. 31 Sou thwart Nov. T
Bcton Mediterransan
AZORES— GUJKALTAE—XAPI^S— GENOA.
Vancouver Saturday, Nov. 21
BJTO STAS LUTE.
Xtw Yori — Antwerp — Paris.
Kroonrd.Oct. 2*. 10 am: Finland.. Nov. 7. 10am
2eeland..Oct. 31. 10 am "V'arterr A Nov. 14. 10 am
WH1TB STAS XJ3TB.'
XTcw Torx — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cymric. '.. Oct. 23. 1 amJVIctorian.Nov. 3. 3 pm
Teutonic. Oct. 2S. noon, Cedric. Nov. 4. 3:30pm
Arablc.Oct. 30,12:30 pm Majestic. -Nov. 11. noon
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacific
Coast, 21 Pest st. San Francisco.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAM \
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for TMIa. etc. Jij
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 13, laoa
S. 3. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday, November 19. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARL*
Thursday. December 3. 1903
Via Honolulu. Rousd-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
. VT. H. AVERT. General Agent
occanics.s.co.Siii
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.Oct. 17. 11 a. ra.
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Oct. 26. 11 a. m.
S 9. SIERRA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auek-
j land and Sydney, Thursday, Oct. 23, 2 p. m. .
I u&KnauBmci,ijtLjxtitt!!icM43bmm
C0X?A8HTS G2NESALS TBAH3ATLA5TIQ.GX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jju^
Sailing every Thursday instead oi «Sro?5?3|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. mSrmKKm!
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. S7O and upward. See*
end-class- to Havre-. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED 3TATE3 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldln«>.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* «cM hy all Rallma.1 Ticket Arents.
Mart Island and Vollajo 8t«am«rs.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:15 a. ra.. 3:15 and S:3O p. m.. except Snoday.
Sunday. »:43 a. m.. 8:3O p. rn. Uave Vallejo.
7 a. rn.. 12:30 noon. C p. ra.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 1 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 5O cents. Tel.
Main 13CS. Pier 2. Ulnkm-at. dock. HATCH
BROS.
16 Pages. $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fM SSSmBS' a ' wA. mCT Hall "H 85/ 15 fisjf A KN&
jBBL ' vGEEyur m • %L VroS k3j I ji^A nSEs £3 \m f5 r*rl KT^
vgk yEgf M mm*. . MR e|X #1 S- 5 tri fcj n« \&
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
** Just-as-good " are but Experiments, and endanger the
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare- .
goric, Drops and Soothing: Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
. contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its gnarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething 1 Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You HaYe Always Bought
yy Bears the Signature of -^an
In Use For Over 30 Years,
TMC CCNTKUK CONMNT, TT MUniMV !»!». MCW YOftK CITY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT COSTS LOTS
OF MONEY
To run 'a laundry right— the only way
we know to please patrons. Rent, fix-
tures,'' appliances, soap, starch, bluing
— most of all, labor— but we firmly be-
lieve that all our expense, all our atten-
tion, all our care assure you satisfaction,
which of course is our aim.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OPTICS 1004 MABEST STBSST,
Near Powell.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
TJsed by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
Don't Scold.
Irritability is a nervous affection.
Strengthen the nerves with Dr. Miles'
Nervine.' Sleep better, cat bctrcr.
work better, feel better, and be bc;ter
Soldonpuara tec. IW* on n*r*»-* for pii-ia.'
Dr. Miles Mri>i« \i Co.. Klkltar*. Jiid
EVERY WOMAN
_, ,,. b interested and should know
.^gj^^i^S^ about the wonderful
ir^^W^V MJIRlfEl WHIRLING
»^$Ml\ mAnffcL spray
Mw^W^wili TbenewVifflBAlSTriBre.
twV'5 W\f^r V*I Injection and Sue! ton.
wJSRS^'c^T-sSl Best— Safest— Most Con-
.T^ggglP*^ vj^5>> Instantly
Ask jvut dronist f« R. \,. /&» — r-T^^*""
If h« cannot supply the >Jg^^f "*'i''-'::'-'.- (^
MARVEL. »ctept bo \u 'J—^&V*
etlu-r. tit.tjenci jam fcfftuv >p, g '"' ! '<^'/\/
mtidbock — 92*]Ml. I: jiv« fjH VA t iW
particulars anrt nirertion* invaluable Oi/'' /, /•#
toUdie- 9IARTEI.CC..
Room 203, TUnea Bd«.. New York. VLJOBr
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
* tor anil Nervine.
The most wvnderfnl aphrcxlislac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, lor both sexes.'
The Mexican Remedy (or Diseases 'of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABEK. AiFS A BRUNTS. Agents.
323 Market at.. B. F. — «3end for Circulars.)
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS:
TUSCAN SPkiSSk
Open the year round. ALL CASES * OF
RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
EASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IX FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS'
TIME OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDINO
RAILROAD FARES BOTH WATS, RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy, Diabetes,
¦ Stone in the Kidney or Bladder, Catarrh of the
Bladder. CyitltJs, Dtseaeea of the Gentto-Url-
i nary Organs. Delicate Women. Skin Diseases,
i Scrofula and General Debility are treated with
I pre-eminent success. « Any caa-i of Malaria
! cured In from ten days. to two weeks. Never
! a failure known. !
. Amen? the thousands of cases that have beea
treated here' in the last. 15 years there has
never been a DEATH. Send 50o for a bottle ot
Catarrh Salts and (ample : of . Metal Polish.
Products of Tuscan Springs.' Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
ciflc Railroad aeent. TUSCAN MINERAL
SPRINGS CORP.. Tnsran Springs. f»y
FRANK J. . HULEN,' Manager. . '
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
; OPEN ALL YEAR. ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 115 decrees. No
t taking. Fare tl 10. Sure cure • for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
and hot' plunge baths. Th; lant«s: mineral
water swimming tank - In the State. : Compe-
tent lady, and gentlemen masseurs; < swimming
, teacher, t - SseciaJ rates from now ¦ on. : P*ck's.
11; Montgomery st. THEODOK , RICHARDS.
Afjua Caliente. Sonoma County.FROM SEATTLE
"WASHINGTON," Oct. 12.— It was announced
that the -call for the extraordinary session of
Congress, to meet ' November 27, ¦ will be issued
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 12.— Dr. James P. Mc-
Carthy has been called • to the pastorate of
the People's Church in thl« city. He has ac
cepted and will preach his first sermon on
October 24. • He has . Just resigned from ¦ the
pastorate of : the Congregational church at
Helena, Moat., and lias lolned the Unitarian
i Colonel , Morris, wno has been » assigned I
to ;duty.- at the Presidio as post comman
der. 1 paid v his ¦-, respects to General K Mac-
Arthur z yesterday. He : will ' take station
Immediately and .will : probably "• remain ' in
this department for about two years.
Colonel Morris Takes Station.
Contract Is Let For State's Building.
ST. LOUIS.; Oct.; 12.— The contract " for
the. erection of the California building; at
the world's ' fair; was let to-day. ? The con
tract v price is $15,000, and the building < is
to be. completed by! February. 5 15,; 1904. It
wilibe.a-replica'of 'the old mission build-
Ing 'and gardens at Santa Bar oara," ; Cal.
SALINAS. Oct. 12. — Mrs. Penelope
Hamilton, for forty years a resident of
Monterey County, died last night at
King City of senile debilitj'. She was S3
years of age. She was born at St. Louis,
Mo., ar.d leaves four married daughters,
two at Santa Cruz, one at King City and
OQC &* Ka.l.r.a«
Aged Salinas Woman Dies.
SAN RAFAEL,. - Oct. . 12.— The. North
Shore Railroad Company is extending, the
three-rail * electric 'system, from*; San i An
selmo Junction to Fairfax,- a distance -of
five miles. It .was ;, the original intention
to run electric trains > to : Mill Valley: ;and
San Rafael only. and continue. the steam
service on the ~ up-country-' branch,;- but
the entire system of over seventy ; miles
may now, be converted . into an electric
road.
Three-Bail System Extending.
George R. Breese, a carpenter -residing
at .2031- Mission, street, while at work on
a building at Steiner and O'Farrell streets
yesterday fell a distance of twenty feet.
Three 'of his ribs were fractured and he
received internal injuries that may prove
fatal. Breese 'was taken to the Central
Emergency' Hospital/,
Serious Fall From; Building.
Hans Smith, a fisherman, had. a charge
of assault with a deadly ' weapon reduced
to battery by Police Judge Mogan yester
day and | was • convicted and sentenced to
serve three 'months' in the ; County . Jail.
He accused Dollie "Woods, a, waitress In a
saloon at 513 Pacific street, of stealing his
watch and, pulling * a knife out of . his
pocket," slashed , her on ? the shoulder.
Used Knife on a Waitress.
Apprentices on a Training Ship
Hake Beady for &
Voyage.
VALLEJO. Oct. 12.— The navy yard tug
yesterday brought back to Mare Island
barracks 20S marines, who arrived from
the Philippines on the Sheridan. Two
hundred and sixty apprentices from the
San Francisco naval tnfraing station will
probably come to the yard for assignment
to the Mohican for the next cruise.
The wopoller blades of the submarine
torpt-do boats Grampus and Pike are be
ing FtraithTened while the vessels are In
drydock. These have been badly bent, pre
sumably from contact with some large
object durlngrecent experiments in deep
diving off Black Point.
MAEINES AEE HOUSED
AT MAKE ISLA1TD YAED
H. E. Elliott and G. ,W. Marsh were ar
rested on the Tiburon boat yesterday 1 by
Deputy Fish Commissioner Baum for
having undersized striped > bass in their
possession. Police Judge Cabanlss set the
hearing of the case for November 14
Justice of the Peace Braden, of Lay ton
vllle, Mendocino County, fined C. Day
and P. .Whitcomb $25 each yesterday for
violations of the "deer law. '
Game Law Violators Caught.
While the father was in the shop the
horses became frightened and ran away.
The screams of the children brought Scar
bough out of the store and he ran after
the runaway team tn a frantic effort to
save his children. The father caught up
with the team, grabbed the lines from
the brake and started to pull on them.
As he did so he stumbled and fell for
ward under v the Iron-shod hoofs of the
plunging horses. He was almost trampled
to death before assistance came. '
The unfortunate man was picked up un
conscious and scarcely breathing. He
was taken to a near by house, but never
regained consciousness, and although
everything possible was done for him, he
died at 10 o'clock Saturday night. He was
a prominent resident of Siskiyou County,
37 years of age, and leaves a wife and
four children.
Ecarbough drove to Sisson Saturday
morning to do some buying and to have
some repairs made on his wagon. Three
of his children, tots all under 6 years of
age, acompanled him. On arriving at Sis
eon Scarbough stopped his team in front
of Ed Stewart's tin shop and went in
side, leaving his children on the seat of
the. wagon.
REDDING, Oct. 12.— While trying to res
cue his children from a runaway Robert
Scarbough, a teamster, living at Mill
Camp; below Sisson, received Injuries
from which he died Saturday night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The story was made public to-day at an
indignation meeting of the ladies of the
orphanage, who censured in severest
terms the dairymen who furnished the
milk. The children were taken sick short
ly after supper, and the entire thirty of
them were in great agony before a physi
cian could be summoned to .. their aid.
Their sickness was traced to the * dairy
milk without, trouble, as all the children
who used the milk from the orphanage
cows were not affected.
Mrs. McDonald,: the matron, reported
that' a terrible night, was passed and that
it was only by prompt attention, that a
number of the little ones were saved from
death. The ladles decided to-day, to make
the matter public. No more milk will be
taken ' from the dairies by the orphanage. .
FRESNO, Oct. 12.— Thirty children of
the County Orphanage here were poisoned
Thursday night last by. drinking Impure
milk, and but for prompt, medical atten
tion several fatalities might have re
sulted.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
• Small sores are breaking out ; all over
the " man's leg as ¦ high as the knee and
.from which several ; small-, particles; of
glass have been '. taken. . The ? glass ex
tracting ' operation . is ' very - painful - and
House continually suffers agony from. the
time : the sores break ' out .until the glass
appears through the flesh. .
he jumped.
About a year ago a sore appeared on his
ankle., IK gave him much trouble and
when it broke . he took out a. piece- of
glass about seven-eighths of an inch long
and three-sixteenths ¦": of ' an inch ¦ wide.
Last week another piece of glass poked
through i the place where the . first ; had
appeared.; The two pieces taken together
are over two and a half, Inches in length.
REDDING, Oct. 12. — Jesse House of Fall
River has a foot full 'of "glass and it is
being-taken out in Installments at Inter
vals of about a year/Three years ago
in Fall River Mills, this county, Jesse
House, a well-known resident of the val
ley, jumped ; through . a second-story win
dow of his < home while walking in his
sleep and came very near breaking his
neck as a result of his somnabullstlc ex
perience. His- bruises soon disappeared
and he felt no ill effects from his tumble
other than a small cut on his foot made
by the glass in the window through which
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Teamster Fatally Injured
While Trying to Stop
• Horses. *
Thirty Orphans at Fres
no Have a Narrow
Escape.
Strange Aftermath of a
Shasta Resident's
Injury.
GLASS COMES
FROM HIS FOOT
James Kitterman, an upholsterer of 1313
Stockton street, yesterday sent a check
for $100 to Chief Sullivan of the Fire De
partment with a request that the amount
be divided among the firemen who re
sponded last Saturday to a fire at Kit
terman's place of business and by their
prompt work prevented the destruction of
his property. As the rules of the depart
ment do not allow firemen to accept pres
ents, the money will be added to the fire
men's pension fund. . -
Is Pleased With Firemen.
Navy order— Assistant Surgeon R. K.
McCTanahan. detached for treatment at
th* navy hospital. Mare Island, Is or
dered home en a three months' leave of
absence.
The ercss receipts of the San FVaacIsco
PostoHce during September, 1903, were
$121,876, against $105,167 for September,
1902.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California— William R. Patten. Coffee,
Trinity County, vice T. Hodgson, re-
Fljrned: John A. Dallas, Hlckman. Stan
islaus County, vice Frank C. Haldeman,
removed. Oregon— George E. Lee, Wash
ington County, vice Sabina Vincent, re
signed. Washington— Minnie Hutton, Cat
lin. Cowlltz County, vice Henry G. Cronk,
resigned.
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 12.— Postmaster
commissioned: Oregon— William H. Gul
ley, June.
Gross Beceipts of the San Francisco
Postoffi.ce During September
Show Marked Increase.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
MILK POISONS
THE CHILDREN
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Of (Ice, U. S. N., Mer-
SAVES CHILDREN
BUT LOSES LIFE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High, and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
A : warrant was issued by Police Judge
Fritz yesterday afternoon for the arrest
of.W. E. Kramer on a charge of forgery.
Kramer, who was formerly steward on
the steamer -Czarina.' Is accused of rep
resenting himself to Mohns & Mohns,
liquor dealers, 29 Market street, as an
agent for the Willamette Oil Company
of Portland and passing on them a draft
for $78 purporting to bear the signature,
"Willamette Oil Co., W. J. Curtis, Treas
urer." -The signature Is alleged to be a
forgery.' Detective Whitaker has charge
of the case.
Accused of Forgery.
Steamer. For. Sails.
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. . Oct. 13
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. . Oct. 16
Santa Ana Coks Inlet & Way Ports. Oct. 1«
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct. lrt
Karallon Skagway & Way Ports. . Oct. 20
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports.. lOct. 20
Nome City Cooks Inlet &. Way Ports|Oct. 22
S. Blbo of BIbo, Newman & Co., gro
cers, California and Polk streets, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Cabanlss
yesterday for the arrest of J. E. Weiler
on a charge of passing a fictitious check.
Weiler was owing the firm $26 for gro
ceries and on Saturday he called and
paid $10 on account with a check for $30
signed "Thomas H. Green" and drawn
on the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company. He received $20 In gold, the
balance of tne amount of the, check. -It
was found that no such person as Thomas
H. Green had 'any money on deposit with
the Trust Company and the police were
notified. Detective "Whitaker ascertained
that ' Weiler left on the steamer Santa
Rosa on Sunday morning for Los Angeles
and Chief Wlttman , wired to have him
arrested on the arrival of the steamer.
Claims Check Was "Worthless.
1111 pkgs fresh fruits. 491 pkgs onions, 1009
pkgs potatoes. 2t5 pkgs fresh vegetables, 93,750
lbs rice, 127 bbls flour, 47.810 lbs malt. 10,327
gals 5 cs wine, 302 pkgs groceries and provi
sions. 83S9 lbs 7 pkgs bread. 7U pkgs meals, 244*
lbs ham and bacon. 1S24 lbs 1 cs cheese, O'J9
lbs 2 cs butter. 4CO"lbs lard. 703 lbs hops, 614
cs assorted canned goods, 10,000 lbs bran, S0O
lbs raisins. 6765 lbs 34 bxs dried fruit, 1137 lbs
nuts. 153 gals 2S cs whisky. 8 cs liquors. 958
pkgs paste. 4S75 lbs 14 cs epices, 23 cs mineral
water. 4CS3 lbs sago, 1594 lbs tea, 3543 lbs co
coa 590 lbs glucose. 230 lbs codfish, 47 pkgs
baking powder. 22B cs canned salmon. 33 pkgs
drugs and sundries, 14 pkgs dry goods. 16 cs
boots and shoes, 22 bales duck, 114 bales bags,
310 boxes soap. 73 cs fuse. 301 coils rcpe. 159
pkgs nails. 20 cs coal oil, 5 pigs tin, 44.2C0 lbs
sulphur, 14.9C7 lbs sheet lead. 459 pkgs 45 pes
machinery, 60 car wheels. 41 pkgs electrical
(supplies. 2247 bdis shooks. 815 lbs rosin, 76 pkgs
paper, 21 pkgs acid. 851 pkgs paints and oils, 51
tons coke. 47 cs axle grease. 17.612 lbs soda. 6
bale* twine, 4440 lbs potash. 10,445 lbs tallow,
61 770 ft lumber, 20 pkgs ship chandlery. 20
bdls oars, 13 spars, 1 automobile, 22 pigs iron,
20U00 lbs cement, 25 flasks quicksilver, 127
boiler tubes. 63 cs tar, 269 bdls 571 pea Iron, 70
bdla Its pes steeL -
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on last
Wednesday for Guaymas and other Mexican
ports, carried a general merchandise cargo,
valued at $76,418. The cargo included the fol
lowing:
The Curacao's Cargo.
The youns man was born in this city
and is well known here. He reported to
the right clerk of the hotel that tie was
engaged to be married on the following
«lay. Such reports had previously been
!n circulation and as the marriage has
failed to take place each time it is . be
lieved that unrequited love prompted the
attempt upon his life.
This morning Anderson was around as
well as usual and apparently none the
worse for his cxr>erlence. The relatives
of the young man state that he is sub
ject to cramps and that his physician had
prescribed morphia for him to relieve his
suffering. They say this drug was the
cause of h'.s terrible Illness Sunday morn-
Ing. Those w-ho saw the young man in
cline to the suicide theory.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 12.— Merrill Ander
son attempted suicide early yesterday
morning at the Occidental Hotel in this
city- He entered the hotel and engaged
a rocm and immediately after being
shown to his apartments the night clerk
heard the falling of a body. He went
to the room and found Anderson in agony.
The clerk summoned phj'slcians, and with
a Ftomach pump they soon had him in a
revived condition. • »
Santa Rosa Young Man Found in a
Dying Condition at a
HoteL
FRIENDS THINK LOVE
CAUSED SUICIDE ATTEMPT
The barkentine Irmgard was cleared yester
day for Honolulu •with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at $26,60S and Including the fol
lowing :
402t» ctls barley, 275 ctls wheat. 1225 bales
hay 120 cs mineral water, 10,213 lbs bran. 20,
150 lbs salt. 47,30ti lbs middlings. 78 ctls cats,
1C2 gals whisky, 3060 gals wine, 2015 cs canned
gooes. 495 gals spirits, 172 gals alcohol, 100 pc
Iron pipe. 57 pkgs leathtr. 10 cts sewing ma
chines, 233 pkgs building-' paper. 360 lb« borax.
10 pkgs nails 24 pes wheels, 29 pkgs furniture,
108 ingots copper, 10.170 lbs metal. 10 cs oil,
22 cs arms and ammunition.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
"steamer! Destination. Sails. Pier.
October ia _
C Nelson ... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Per 2
Eureka Humboldt 2 pm Pier 13
N Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
G Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.. . Mendocino City.... 1 pm|P|er 13
Arcata .... Coos U. & Pt.Orford 4 pmjPier Vi
ArgoT. .... Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay Pier lb
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
October 14. -> ¦ - .
Arctic ... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 10
-, October IB.
Chehalls Grays Harbor Pier 2
Chehalls... c Ule myer 6 pm Pier 2 1
Stafe of'c'aV San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
roronfdo Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
N Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
a W? Elder Astoria * Portland. 11 am Pier 24
gXT- & .. Way : Aft Pier "I
£°Motica:: i-otf^-S??- 9amPler 2
S Barbara. Seattle &. Olympla. -4 pm Pier 2
1mm Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
San JcVc.V:. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mjPler 40
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
raUfcrnlan New York 3 pm Pier 23
pi Arena Point Arena 4 pm|Pler 2
BaVpSrV.'. Humboldt ........ 4 pm Pier 2
October 18.
Santa Rosa. San Diego .WayPts 9 am Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
October SO.
Bonlta..... Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 19
XJarda Hamburg Way Pts
Palnier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia .. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 22.
S Portland. Astcrla & Portland. 6 pm Pier 2
October 23.
Isle Humboldt Way Pts
Siberia China & Japan | 1 pm|Pler 40
Umatilla. ;.- Puget Sound Porta.lll am|Pler 9
Cummings had been indicted »with his
brothers, James and Frederick, but the
cases aealnst these two were dismissed
on the statement by a surgeon of the
United States Marine Hospital service
that they were suffering from consump
tion of the lungs and that imprisonment
would be eaual to the death penalty In
their case.
Four years' imprisonment with hard la
bor In the penitentiary at San Quentin
and a fine of $500 'was the punishment
meted out by United States District Judge
de Haven yesterday to George A. Cum
mings, who had pleaded guilty of manu
facturing counterfeit dollars. The attor
ney for the defendant asked leave to in
troduce evidence as to the previous good
character of his client, but the court said
that evidence on that point would be un
necessary, the court having been informed
already that this had been the prisoner's
first offense.
Punishment Meted Out to a Young
Man Who Manufactured Coun
terfeit Dollars.
The French bark Jane Guillon, which ar
rived on Saturday, was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe at 20s.
The British ship Whitlleburn is chartered for
barley to Europe at 13s 6d (wheat stiffening.
Us 3d).
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
CTJMMINGS GETS FOUB
YEABS IN SAN QUENTIN
TO SAIL.
Word was received from Noma yesterday
that tha steamship Meteor lost her propeller
when 150 miles from Nome. A boat, dispatch
ed from the disabled vessel, - reached Nome
October 8. Either the Roanoke or the Eureka
-•ill ha sent to her assistance.
Meteor Loses Her Propeller.
The steamship Siberia, which arrived Sun
day evening from the Orient, did not dock at
the Pacific Mall wharf until yesterday morn
lr.g. A number of passengers remained on
board all night. Among them was Chen
Kwong Poo, the new president of the Yeong
Wo Association, and a member of the advisory
board of the local Chinese Consulate. Foo is
a graduate of the Imperial University and
*t ar.ds In the front rank of the most progres
sive of bis countrymen.
Prominent Chinese Arrives.
SAX JOSE, Oct. 12.— The San Jose -Los
Gatos Interurban Electric Railway peti
tioned the Board cf Supervisors to-day for
a franchise from this city to a connection
they now have running to Campbell. An
tlectric read from this city to Campbell
and thence to Los Gatos Is proposed. At
the latter place it will connect with the
line now- abou: completed between this
city and Saratoga and Los Gatos.
The franchise asked for this mornlr.g is
for a single-track broad-gauge electric
railway from the city limits at San Carlos
street, out that street to Bird avenue,
then to Coe avenue and along that ave
nue to Lincoln avenue, thence out Lincoln
to Willow avenue and thence to a point
en the Meridian road, connecting with
the Dunlap franchise to Campbell and
Los Gatos. A petition of a large number
of property owners along the way asking
that the franchise be granted was also
Hied. The franchise Is to run fifty years,
and the road is to transport freight, pas
seng-ys. txpress and mail The board de
cided to offer the franchise for sale and
bids will be received November 6.
Construction of the road along Market
street, which was carried on yesterday
to avoid the service of an injunction, pro
ceeded with a full force to-day. The City
Store, which began a suit for a permanent
injunction, has made no move to stop the
road.
Application for Franchise for a New
Electric Road Made in
San Jose.
BAXLWAY WILL TUJN
FAST CABS TO LOS GATOS
Steamer. From. I Due.
Lcelanaw Oyster Harbor jOct. 13
Chn«. Ntlson. Portland & Astoria Oct. 13
Alliance Portjand & Way Ports. Oct. 1J
Coronado Grays Harbor -Oct. la
Lakme San Pedro lOct. U
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 13
Alameda Honolulu Oct. «
Chico CoqulUe River Oct. 13
Uarda Seattle Oct. 13
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor. Oct. 14
CltyPuebla... Puget Sound Ports Oct. 14
Corona Humboldt Ocf U
Chehalls San Pedro jgct. Io
S^nURosa.":: si U n n D?ego& Way "Ports Oct'. 15
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct.-lo
Barracouta... New York via Panama. Oct. 15
Rainier Seattle & Whatoom.... Oct. 15
Czarina Coos Bay Oct. lo
S. Monica. . . . Grays Harbor Oct, 16
Pemona Humboldt Oct. li
Argo Eel River Ports Oct. 17
Iaqua San Pedro [Oct. 17
AYctta 1^!::: Ic^^Vportbrfortft 1 :
Bonlta........ Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria Oct. 17
Isls Seattle .Oct. IS
Marlpoffl Tahiti Oct. ".
&££3§ srSo i"way Ports Oct 0
Umatilla ...1 Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
SiTrra ....... Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 19
S Portland. . -1 Portland & Astoria Oct. JU
Acapulco ... New York via Panama. Oct. 21
AaXs -V.V.. Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 21
j Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 21
G. W . Sdir - Portland & Aatoria. .... Oct. M
goptic China & Japan |Oct. 23
Mrs. Mary Hennlng of 2401 Folsom
street secured a warrant • from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
Henry • Heinsohn on a charge of felony
embezzlement. Heinsohn has not been at
his rooms since last Friday and Mrs. Hen
ning believes h"e has left the city. •
Mrs. Hennlng's husband, who owns a
grocery at 2401 Folsom street, took a trip
to Europe about three months ago and is
now in New York with a broken leg. Be
fore leaving. for Europe he placed Hein
sohn In charge of the store and, it Is al
leged, gave him $100 for change and inci
dental expenses.
Mrs. Henning claims that Heinsohn re
tained the $100 for his own uses and pur
poses and has collected amounts aggre
gating $400 mc?re which he has not ac
counted for. The last amount, she says,
he collected on Friday, when he disap
peared.
GBOCERY CLEBK ACCUSED
OF FELONY EMBEZZLEMENT
Mrs. Mary Henning Secures "Warrant
for the Arrest of Henry
Heinsohn.
The announcement yesterday of tha death
on Sunday of Captain J. J. Smith came as
a surprise to the local marine circles in which
deceased wa* well known. Although full of
years — he had passed his eighty-third birthday
— Captain Smith had been so long and eo
actively Identified with the shipping Interests
of the port that his associates had grown to
look upon him as a permanent figure in the
business world. As a ship ouner and manager
of vessels of all kinds, "Santa Cruz" Smith,
as he was known to old-timers, was a man
of affairs in every sense of the word, and In
eplte of his weight of years was, up to his
df-cth. In full possession of that keen business
Instinct that long ago made him a notable
figure in commercial life. He leaves a wife
and two children. Mrs. F. W. , Ely and E. B.
Smith,
Veteran Shipowner Dies.
TO ARRIVE,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city fiont (Mission-street wharf, about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 13.
Sun rises ;.......... «:16
Sun ne\s r.5:M
Moon ris9S 3d quarter, 11:31 p. m.
C iTlmel Time! Time ITlme)
c Ft . ) F t. bt~ ! 1 Ft.
• [H W( L W| H W |L W|
13 sTs? 4.0110:38 3.1 4:2G| 4.9111:24 0.4
14 6:3C 4.7lll:5« 2.9 G:43! 4.8|.
L W H W L W |H W
15 0:26 0.5 7:30 4.9 1:04 2.41 (»:09 4.8
16 1:23 0.6 8:16 5.2 2:04 1.9 8:10 5.0
17 2:20 0.S 9:00 5.5 2:57 1.3| 9:16) 5.1
IS | 3 .001 0.9] 9:41| , 5.<i| 3:45! 0.8110:15 5.2
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day.- except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes' occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and men the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the hearts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
Monday, October 12. *
Stmr Olympic, Hansen. 39 hour* from San
Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 63 hour* from
Portland, via Astoria 61 hours.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours,
from San Diego.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland," BO hours from Soquel.
Stmr WejtDort, Smith. 47 hours from San
Pedro, t T* .'.:•;-.
Stmr Cclla, Nordberff, 21 hours from Albion.
Ger ehlp Optima, Thoam, 134 days from Ant
werp.
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton, 4 daya from
Eureka.
Schr S Redfleld. Hutton, 10 daya from
Grays Harbor.-
Schr Repeat, Wilson, 10 days from Wlllapa.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 12.'
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts. San Pedro; Pao Coast
S S Co.
Br stmr Arab, Gow, Port Townsend; Dollar
S S Co. .
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, October 12.
Stmr Brooklyn, Walvis, San Pedro.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts, San Pedro. -
Stmr Empire. Macsenn, Coos Bay. ,
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, Moss Landing.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, Falrhaven. -
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Albion River.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridsett," Ventura and Re
dondo.
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor, and
not on Oct 10. -
Br stmr Arab, Gow, Port. Townsend.
Br shli> Howth, Martin, Liverpool.
Bktn Gleaner. Schmehl, Willai>a Harbor. .
ISktn Irmjrard. Schmidt. Honolulu.
Schr Bessie K.; Men-lam, San Vicente Land-
In?.
Schr Abble, Larsen, Fish Rock.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct 12. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 14 mllea per hour.
SPOKEN".
Oct 4— Lat 29 N, long 20 W, Ger ship Herzo
gin Cecille, from Shields for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
SEATTLE, Oct 12— Stmr Meteor, from Seattle
for Nome, lost propeller 150 miles off Cape
Nome. Her boat arrived at Nome Oct 8. - Stmr |
Eureka or stmr Roanoke will leave J for her
assistance.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Arrived Oct T-»Stmr Sadie, hence
Oct 9; schr Beulali, from San Pedro. Oct 10 —
Schr Lily, hence Sept 29. •
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 11— Ger stmr Eva,
for China; stmr Humboldt, for Skagway.
TACOM A— Arrived Oct 12— Schr Robert
Searles, from Haiphong; stmr San Mateo, hce
Oct 8. .
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Guide,
hence Sept 18.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Oct 10.
Sailed Oct 12T-Schr Transit, for San Diego.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 10— Schr
Taurus, hence Sept 27. Oct 12— Schr James
Eolph. hence Oct 5.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 12 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 10; stmr Whittler, with barge Santa
Paula in tow, hence Oct 9. i
Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr Chas Nelson, for San |
Francisco. Oct 12 — FT bark Emile Galline, for t
Quenstown.
WHATCOM— Arrived Oct 12— Schr Mildred,
hence Sept 27.
-EVERETT— Arrived Oct 12 — Stmr Robert
Dollar, from Seattle.
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 12 — Bktn Portland,
from San Pedro for Tacoma,
CASPAR— Sailed Oct 12 — Stmr Samoa, for
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Oct 10. Oct 11— Stmr National
City, hence Oct 10.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 12— Bark
Servia. for Sydney. _
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 12 — Stmr Aurelta, fm
Redondo- schr -Mabel Gray, from San Pedro; |
schr Bertha Dolbeer. from San Diego; schr Al
calde, from San. Pedro; schr Mary Dodge, from
Arrived Oct 12— Stmr New
burg, hence Oct 9; schr James Rolph, hence
COOS BAT— Arrived Oct .12 — Schr North
Bend, hence Sept 30. ' - ¦
Sailed Oct 12— Schr Melancthon, for San
Francisco. FOREIGN p0RTS .
LIZARD — Passed Oct 10 — Ger hark Selene,
from Port Blakeley for Hamburg. =/
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Sept 22— Ger stmr
Numantia. for Hamburg. ¦ ¦ -
SHANGHAI— Sailed Sept 14— Br bark Dun
dee for Port Los Angeles.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 10— Ger stmr
Totmes, for San Francisco.
rORONEL—Arrlved Oct 12— Stmr Alaskan,
from Kahului for Delaware Breakwater. -._--. •
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Oct 11— Ship
Joseph B Thomas, for Honolulu. _
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 11— Ship W H Smith,
from Port Townsend. '
BRISBANE— Arrived Oct 10— Br stmr Moana,
fr GLASGOW— Sailed Oct 10— Br stmr Teenkai, j
f ° YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 10— Jap stmr Iyo I
Mnru. from Seattle: stmr Shawmut, from Ta-
C ° ma- OCEAN STEAMERS. !
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Victoria,
from Naples, etc.; stmr Statendam, from Rot
terdam nnd Boulogne Sur Mer. .
Sailed Oct 12 — Stmr Bohemian, for Liverpool.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 12— Stmr Kronprinz
Wllhelm. from New York for Plymouth, Cher
bourg and Bremen. . ¦ •
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Kron
prinzt Wllhelm, from New York .for Cherbourg
and Bremen, and proceeded.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
When the improvements are finished
another wharf will be ready* for use,
which with the wharf now in service
will inclose a long slip in which the big
liners can lie. The plans contemplate that
the ships be loaded and unloaded from
both sides at once. .
The feature of the- work will be the
construction- of a huge seawalP extending
from the bottom of the Sound to a height
of sixty feet and completely
the company wharves. At low* tide twen
ty-five feet of the wall will show above
water. It will be_ built of concrete and
stone.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Oct. 12.— The Great
Northern will upend $1,000,000 in prepar
ing Smiths ; Cove, Seattle, its Pacific
steamship port, for the .trans-Pacific lin
ers which willgo Into service within
eighteen month*. The improvements will
occupy a year and a half and will make
the Smiths, Cove harbor one of the finest
on the .Pacific.
The St. Francis had a rough trip down.
taking fourteen days to make the voyage.
She will undergo repairs at Eagle Har
bor to the damage caused by fire in her
hold at Dutch Harbor. The repairs will
not cost more than J2XX).
Oleson and a companion named McDon
ald were thought to have been lost after
the wreck of the Deerlng. They did not
arrive at Dutch Harbor in time to come
south on the revenue cutter Thetis, which
brought the others.
Oleson and McDonald were dispatched
In an open boat from the scene of the
wreck, starting for Dutch Harbor for aid.
They were overtaken by several severe
6torass, but at length made a landing on
tha west end of Unalaska. Island and
made their way thence on foot across the
island to Dutch Harbor. The distance
was only fifty miles, but through a moun
tainous and untraveled country. They
became lost several times, and when they
arrived had been for two days without
food. The other members of the Deer
ing's company had meanwhile been pick
ed up by the Manning, brought to Dutch
Harbor, transferred to the Thetis and
ELarted southward.
SBATTLE, Oct. 12.— The ship St. Fran
cis has arrived at Eagle Harbor, bringing
from th«) north Captain Ohlemutz, Mate
Johnson and Seaman Albert Oleson of the
wrecked schooner Abble M. Deering.
Social Dlepatch to The Call.
The rate of insurance on the Loch Long
has been advanced to 85 per cent. The
Corolla stands at 90 and the Catharina
and St. Mungo are still quoted at 20 per
cent.
THE British steamship Finsbury,
which has been on the overdue list
(or some time and was quoted at
90 per cent, was posted yesterday
as uninsurable. She is out twen
ty-one days from Kobe for Yokohama.
She may have broken down and now
drifting about outside the regular line of
travel, but It Is feared that she has either
run ashore or foundered in one of the re
cent heavy blows reported In the waters
through which her course lay. .
The German ship Gertrud was placed
on the overdue list yesterday at 25 per
cent. She Is out 128 days from Hamburg
for TaJcahuano. The Gertrud is a vessel
of 1627 tons and is commanded by Captain
Henke.
• chants'- Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 13.
The Xlme Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p» m.. Greenwich time.
. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, " U. 8. N., In charge.
New Stories Are Told of the
Terrors of Shipwreck in
the North.
Proposes to Make the Harbor
One of the Finest on the
Pacific Coast.
Sailors Thought to Have
Been Lost Reach a
Port.
Great Northern to Spend
Million Dollars on
/Smiths Cove.
Finsbury Is Posted at Lloyd's as Uninsurable— Missing Vessel Is Now Out
Three Weeks From Kobe for Yokohama, a Voyage Which Under Ordi
nary Circumstances Should Not Occupy More Than a Couple of Days
MARINERS LIVE
THROUGH PERILS
UNDERWRITERS ABANDON ALL HOPE
FOR OVERDUE BRITISH STEAMSHIP
STEAMSHIP PORT
TO BE IMPROVED
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 13, 1903.
10
EAIXWAY TBAV1X.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Mala Line, foot oi Ma-rHet Street )
L»»TB -T~Fw.>t OCTOB«» 11. t*0&. — *»"«
7.00a Buntcla. Sulaun. Klmlra «u«l Sucrar
meato v25 F
7.00a V»c«Tllle. Winter*. Bamiey........ 7.25^
7J0a Martlnex. ¦ Ban lUtnoo. Vallejo.
Napa. C»ll»top». Sauu !lo*» B-25r
7.30a NUe». Llreraiore. Lathrup. Stock-
ton 25p
8.00a D»»:».WooU:»na. Kn1ithf» Lnndms.
lUrjtTUle. OroTlllo .i-5l p
8.00a Atlantic Ezpre«»-OsdeD •nd Ks«(. 10.23*
8-C0* PortCoit*. Msrtlnei. AdiIuco. By- ;-.-,, .„
roa,Tracy.StockU)n.Sacr«ajento,
Los Danot. Mendutn. Usofurd.
Vlimlli*. PortMTllle 4.25f
8.00a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lstn-
rop. Morfpsto. Merced. Fresno,
Oonhrn Janctlon, Ilanford. VI-
f»:i.v Bakersfleld 5.25r
8.30a Sbasu Express— 1»tI«. Williams
(for Bartlett Sprlms). Willows,
tFrnto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7.B5»>
8.30a Ntles. Saa Jose. Ltvrrmore. 8tock-
ton.Ione.8iicritniento,PlacerTllle.
MarysTllle. Chlco. Ked Klu.T 4. 25?
8.30* Oakdale. Cblneve, Jamestown. So-
norx. Taolnmne i»nd Angels ..... 4.2Sp
900a Martinez and Way Stations. 6 55f
1000a Vallejo 1^25r
10.00a El Paso Pa«secger. Eaatbound.—
Port Costa. Martinez, Byron.'
Tracy, Lntbrop, Stockton.
Merced. Raymoud. Fresno, Uan-
ford. VIsalla, DakersSeld. Los
Anseles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrlres via Coast Line)... <1-30p
1 0 00a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omaba. Chicago. 6-25r
12.00m H»y ward. Ntles and Way ; Stations. 3.2S?
11. OOp Sacrsmento Rlrer Steamers. f 11.00?
3-50r Denicla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Kn!»ht» Landing,
MarysTUle, Orovllle and way
stations 10.55a
3.30r Hay ward. If lies and Way Stations.. 7-5Sr
4 OOp Martinez.SanKamon.Vallelo.Napa,
Calistoga. Santa IJoaa *-25a
4-00r Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop.Stockton. 10. 25 a
4 OOp Nlles. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25?
4.30r Hayward. Nile*. Irrlngton, Saa I *8.55a
Jose. LlTermore f J11.55*
B.OOr Tbe Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlaxe,
Bakersfleld. Los Anseles 8-53a
S.COr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Los
Banos 1225f
f5 30p Hayward. Nlies and San Jose 7-2Sa
600? Uayward. Nlles and San Jose. 1025a
600r Arlenui Mall— Oirden. DenTer,
Oman*. St. Louts. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sal-
sun. Klmlra, Davis. Sacramento,'
Rocklln. Auburn, Co If ax.
Truckee. Boca. Ueno, Wads-
. worth, Wlnnemncca, Battle
Mountain. Elko — . 4 -2Sr
B.OOf Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 5 -
7.00P Vallejo, s>nnday only ( "
7X0r 6an Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Sutions 1125a
8X5r Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysrllle. Reddlss.
Portland. Pujet Sound and East. S-oSa
9.10r Hayward. Nlles and San Jose (Sun-
day only) 11.55a
11.25' Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. M>
j-a» ¦, desto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
-*.-Vr r '. semlte). Fresno, Uanford. VI-
salta. Bakersfleld 12 25*'
COAST LINE (Samm Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Cruz Excursion Oanday
only) ~. t-10»
8.15a Newark. Centerriue. San Jose, ...
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6-25*
f2.15r Newark, Centenrllle, San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Oatos, Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Buttons 10 53a
4.16* Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Bunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from SanU
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
and from Boulder Cr«ek t355 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN *' KAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip-**
— ri:15 »:C0 11:00 a.m. 100 300 615 T.u.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t»:U> {3:00
n.Oi 1u:C0a.m. 12 00 200 4 00r.it.
COAST LINE (Uroad «aa«e).
PTTl'hlrd and Townaead Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Sutions 8 SOr
1700 a San Jose and Way Sutions 6 Sir
7.15a Monterey and Sanu Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8.30i>
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only), 4.10r
8 00a Coa»t Line Limited — StopsoniySan
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Fajaro. CaatroTllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Robles,
Eanu Margarita, San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lo.npoc). Santa Barbara. Saugus
and Los Angeles. Connection at
CastroTtlle to and from Monterey
sod Pacific Grove 10.45'
9.C0a San Jose. Tres Ptnos. Capitols,
Santa Crni.PactflcGroTe, Salinas,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.10p
JO. 30* Ean Jose and Way Stations 1.207
IIXOa Cemetery Passenger — South San
. Francisco, San Bruno 1.05r
11-30^ Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Sutions 730."
«1.30r San Jose and Way SUtlons X7 00P
2.C0P San Jose and Way Suttons 1940a
2.30? Cemetery Paasenjrer — South San
Francisco. San Bruno... J 4.35 e
tS-OOr De) Mouto Expreas— Santa Clara.
San Jose. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
. Clara for Sanu Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) t12.15»
5-207 Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
HurHngnme,9an Mateo,Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. 8aa Jose, (Gllroy. Hoi! la-
ter, Tres Plnoa), Pajaro. Wation-
Tllle. Capitols. Santa Cruz, Cas-
troTllle, Salina* 10.45a
4 30r 6an Jose and Way Buttons 838a
b-CQr San Jose, (t1» Sanu Clara) Los
Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
Sutions (except Sunday) 9 00 i
!53C>* San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8.00a
t6.16r banMateo,Beresford,BeImont.8an
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
MenioPark. Palo Alto t9-45r
G.JOr San Jose and Way Suttons. 8.38a
7 COr Snoset Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Luis Obtspo. Sanu Barbara. Los
Anseles. I'emtnir. El Paso. New
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
arrives via S»n JoaqutoValley)... «r8.2SA
8. 00r Palo Alto andWay Suttons 10.15a
II. SO' South San Francisco. MlUbrae,'
BurHngame, San Mateo, Bel-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, ?«»¦»
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo ¦ Ilif*
Alto, Mayfleld. Mountain View, *»-48*
Sunnyvale. Lawrence. Sanu
Clara and San* Jose J
A for Moral ne. P for Afternoon.
x Saturday and Sunday only. ? Sunday only.
I Stop* at all ststlons on Sunday,
t bunday exceptad. a Saturday oaly.
t V la Coast Llae. ur Via San Joaquln Valley.
WOaly trains • topping at Valeaeta St. southbound
*re«:10A.*., t7:<XU.M..U:U> a.m.. 2:30 r.M. and S:30r.«.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFIC
KAILWAT COMPAHT.
Tliraron Terry, Foot or Market Street.
SAW 7SASCZSCO TO SAW SA7AEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:^0. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 0:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl?
at 11:30 o. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:3O. ll:0O a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. «:2O. 11:30 p. na.
BAH" BAPAEL TO SAN TSASOZSCO.
WtIEK OA\i>— t>:C5. 7:25, 7:50, tf:20, 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, B:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:23 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:10. 3:40.
4:65. 5:03. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1803. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tlon. [ days. ( Days.
7:30a 8:00a I 9:10a 8:40a
0:30 a Irnaclo. 110:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p I 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p |7:35p
7:30 a »:10a| 8:4O»
8:C0 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 *
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:05p «:t0i>
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:0? p . Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p «:2Op
3:30 p 3:3Op • -
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlle. 7:33 p «:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 at 8:00 a! Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 a) 3:30 pi ' and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al WUltta. 1 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7:30a| 8:00a| 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ GaernevHIa. |7:33p|U:20p
7f30a! 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
B:10p| 3:00 p) Glen Ellen. | 8:05 p[ 6:'J0p
7:30 al 9:OO al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:3Opt 3:3Op| SebatopoL |7:35p|8:2Op
STAOES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servtlle fos Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal* for
the. Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and BarUett Springs; at Uklah for VicUy
tarings. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell L>ake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lleriys.'
BuckneM's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche Cams
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City Fort Braex
Westport. Usal: at WiUita for Fort Ura!L-;
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen s. Dyer. Garberville. Peppe<-wood Scotia
and Eureka. . .
• Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcksts at re-
duced rates.
_ On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
v 7?f . ket offlce > Market street. Cnnmicl.
¦ Dullalng. ¦ <^m <ssssgKiaasis^ —
H. C^WHITTNO. K. x. RTAIf.
G«n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^Sfc&S^sUj sflr^ A ssff»i T yy EJ2& (?
4 &$$jfifi&$r*&Sr I fcrtrS* B U 8 ELssi fUy
Jhm*Zx0QfJ&&i^\L\ \-^\ll ¦ mU rr^ am
yf^glffl^r BHa ff*l I ¦_ ?1fc
jKA^Sy Ryjfl m | Om M WsV
PositiTely cured by these
; . tittle Pills.
1 They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
! Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A pcr-
" feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drorrsl-
j aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
1 Pain in the Side,- TORPID IJVER. They
* Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Smali Pill. Small Dose.
! Small Price •
* ' (^3Bs^D^Bss)s^llsflssV'^*^a^^k
[ ! JS/rjUxT *•*, fix. jp)Yn*jnr **fir 9
• K|N , 0 FAL«-BOTTLE(>
, ft|N6 or BEERjST 1
r SOLD EVERYWHERE. |
HILBKP.T MERCAXT1LE CO.. K
Pacific Coast Agents. jm
DR. JORDAN'S great*)
OF ANATOMY^
\ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
V ¦ ¦ ijVii World. Weaknesses « lay contracted A
' BBS S»a disease pa*itl««.l r cared |>y the oldest T
O IS?53| Specialist on the Co ist. Est 36 years. O
A liVf(*K DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ P^RW^M Consultation free and strictly prhratc. \
M J jt£<a:H T ' Mlmr: " personally or by letter. A A
T B 7 n b Pvmtxv* Cure in ererjr case ondertakea. \
A P !l 11 E* w "te <<" Book. PBlLOSOPaV of A
r • I I'* BinnMGE, mailed i-ree. (a.V
i A II valuable book for nn) \
Y DB. JOBDAN & CO.. 1051 Market St., a. F. V
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline. Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco.
CUTLERY
A Weak Heart
neglected means heart disease, the
I most common cause of sudden death.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure will strength-
en, regulate and cure weak hearts,
sold by all drupKlsts on guarantee. Fre«
book on heart disease for postal.
Db. bints Midicai, to . KlUl.art. Ind.
BAIXWAY TBAVEL.
gf^ytTn yk . •*•
I OALIFOflNIA \
j| LIH1 TED TO CHICAGO |
I Leaves Mondays end Thursday* I
I at 8:30 a. m. f through In 8 daya, |
I with diner and all trappings. I
Other Santa Fe Trains :
V™ ?' (. for Stockton, Fresno, Baktwfleld,
8 : 00 p." m." i Merced » Haaford and ViaalU.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
. 8:00 p. ra. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Offic«: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land,' Cal. jt v
IBaap^jgi TO SAN RAFA C .L,
I^^^S san que:jtin,
VALLEY,
ra™SSiCAZADERO,ETC.
I^S^^l^^^Sj via Sausalito Ferry.
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted)— 6:43.
t*7:15 8:45. 8:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. •1:«.,3:15.
4:15, f t5:15. •0:15. 6AS, 9, 11:45 p. m.
7 :45 a. m. train week days does net run to
"SUNDAYS AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8. t*». t*10, 11. tll:a<> *- ra.. fl2uH>. fl:30.
i:35, »3:50. B. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San • Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. I
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO
—Week days— 5:25. ttf:25.. 7:40. 8:15. $9:35.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. »:43. 4:50. 5:30. 6:45.
10:20 p.. m. '
SUNDAYS — 6:15. 7:35. J8:10. 8:4C. 110:83. A
Jll:45 a. m. 12:50. 2:30, $3:23, 4:40. |5:50.
6:55. 7:35. .10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
9:45^ 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 4:15. 5:10. 7:05.
10:40 p. m. •-•
-SUNDAYS — 6:35.' 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m . 12-05
1:05. 2U0, 3:45, 4:55. 6:03. 7:10, 10:40 p- m. *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and. way
stations.
Sundays and Learal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
. TICKET, OFFICE— «2« Market st
. FERRY— Foot of Market St.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fto SioaUls* Twrj Arrive
. 3— Fran. ft* *t lUrtw it. Saa Fran.
! Week Sun-- " ~~" S»m- 1 WccK*
»:46a HiOO* r^=*»!«a I'^^On 5TTSI
l:4Sr 0:OOa IBaSCSws 12:5Or 3:30f
•:16rlO:OOA 3:3Op S:SOr
_^__. 11:3Oa *:3.°l»
I.I,,. 1 3:35r| «:OOrZHZ
tatnrtsytttly, u*w TttiraY fltSOr.imnl/ 1 . 11;3Of
- TICUt 1 6X Uammmt St., (North Short Railroad)
| tfnCB laad Sadmuto Famar; Foot Uarkat Sc
Call, $1 per YearSHORTS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUKF&— Rolled Barley, $24©25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@26 50; job
bing. $27©27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal. $32 50@33; Cracked Corn, $33#33 60;
Mixed Feed, $22 50023 50; Horse Beans. $2S@30
per ton.
BRAN— $22@23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27623 60 per ton,
Receipts of Hay were very heavy yesterday,
excef-dlng 1800 tons, and the market vtas weak
in consequence, though prices showed no
change.
Bran. Middlings and Shorts were advanced
60c per ton. ¦
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Provisions.
The Chicago market was rather firm than
Otherwise, but the undertone was heavy and
trade was small. There was nothlns new
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light ' medium, 15c for light,
l.'»Vic for extra light. lSVic for sugar-cured and
10c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern «ugar
cured Hams, l5Ucei5%c; California Hams, 15
@15V4c; Mess Ueef. $11 50 pet bbl- extra Mess,
$12®12 50; ' Family, $13013 50; prime Mes«
Pork, $19: extra clear. $25: Men, $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12V4e; Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25: Smoked Beef, 15o per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted At 7*ic per lb for
compound and 0%c for pare; half barrels,
pure, lOUc; 10-lb tint, lie: 5-lb tins. lUic;
S-lb Una. IlVic.
• COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels. 9Hc: one tierce, 9%c: two tierces,
e^c; five tierces. 0%c per lb
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Quotations for - Wool show, some changes.
The condition of the market Is thus stated
by Hulroe & Hart: "T.hc general market U
FLOUR— California Family Extras, . $4 60@
4 85, usual lerms; Bakers' Extras, $4 60@4 (50;
Oregdn and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 5»O®4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per ICO lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. Vi\ Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $1 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50S4 76; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25<$8 00; in sacks. $6 75@8 Id;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— The sentiment in the
wheat pit was decidedly favorable to the bears
and the nrws in general had a depressing in
fluence. Torelgn markets did not respond to
the advance here Saturday and thi« fact, to
fiether with the Government crop report Issued
Saturday, showing a larger yield than gener
ally expected, caused lower prices at the start.
December being down ',i<6Vic to V4@%c at
78 t /k@79c. Thf re was little disposition to buy,
and with outside market! more or Ie38 de
pressed the: market here showed signs of
demoralization with trading very spasmodic.
After selling at 7OV6c. December started down
ward and with the exception of slight rallies
at different times, the trend was toward a
lower level. December closed %c lower at
78Vi@78*»c.
Corn ruled weak along with wheat and
partly on the bearish crop report. December
closed lc lower at 44%@44%c
Oats declined with other grains with selling
by commission houses and local longs the main
features. December closed %c lower at 37 '4 c.
Smaller receipts of hogs and higher prices
at Ihe yards were factors In creating a firm
tone- in provisions, and although tho weakness
In corn had some effect, prices were well
maintained. Trading was quiet throughout the
day. The close was firm, with January pork
12Vic higher, lard was up 17',4c and ribs 5@
7>4c higher.
The leading futureti ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
The statement of the transactions at the Stock ':
and Bond Exchange during ths fiscal year end
ed September 19. 1903. submitted at the annual
meeting Of that Institution yesterday, shows 1
that the total business In stocks and bonds
during the year amounted to 919.M10.274 15. ;tn :
increase of $1,934.10:) 07»-» as compared with !
the previous year. The total amount of stocks
sold waF 270,752 shares, valued at $12,150.
180 70 an Increase of 101,581 shares, valued at
§2,381,657 SSVi. over the previous year. While
the business In stocks showed this lame in
crease that in bond.x had a moderate decline.
The sales of bond« had a total par value of
$6 721,440 anS a market value of $7,480,087 75.
being a decrea?." of $276,520 in par value and
$447 454 75 In .'•rket value, ms compared with
the previous year. The total transactions at
the Stock anrt Bond Exchange for the twenty
one years of its existence, ending September 19.
ISKUt were fST>S. 524. 082 5$>Vj. The shares of
stocks sold durlrve the past year were distrib
uted as follows:
Stocks — Shares. Value.
W ater •" 2O.«:tU $l.«4r.,5Sl 00
Gas A Electric 103.WW 4.592.773 20
Insurance. 1<*> M.OCO 00
Banks. Commercial ... 2. 1 It 525».?,5ft 23
Banks! Saving* W0' S-SJS
Street Railroads fiOfl R.0.272 50
Powder 1 3-503 RS0.0O2 50
« ul , nr 114.920 • 2.233. 75« K2U
Mlsccllaneoua _1- X — 2 ' 080 - 9:?( >
Totals 279.732 $12.13O.1SG 70
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Oct. 12—2 p. la..
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — Its qr (new). — —
4s qr reg. ... — — l">* V coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS} B0NO3.
Ala A W 5«. — — ID T Co 5s.. — 112U
Bay CPC fs. lOOHlOl&i Do con £s.lO3 —
Cal C O 58.103% — iO W C g 5s. — 100
Cal G & T3 g 'Oceanic S 5s 75 79
m & ct «"<<. — 102Vi|Om R C 6s. — 122^j
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102 U E-Ry 5S.109 —
E L & P Cs.125 1.10 P *i C H is. — —
F & C H l!s. — HGtt P & O R <*. — —
Geary-st 6s.. 45 — Powal-st fi"*.. — 114
HC & S 5^sI0l — a E G&R 5s. — 103
H C & 3 5s. 98^100 =5F & SJVSs. — 117»4
Hon R T ««.100V41°S S R of C «ta.ll2>.4 —
L. A Elec 5s. — 103 3 P of A 69
L A Ry 6a. .111 — (1009) 107*; —
L A L Co 6s — — (1010) 1CSV4 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C Rs
Do gtd 5«.1O2 — (iftOT.)Sr A.UC —
LAP lem 5s. — 102% (1005)Sr B.H)2*; —
Mkt-et C 6«.117%12O <lf>0«) 104H —
Do icm Cs — 116 (1012) — —
NRR of C UilO7 -1- SPC 1 eg .Is. — 113
Do 5s — 117 Do «tmpil.lC8V % —
N P C R 5s. — 108^4 S P B P. Cs.l27*i —
NCR r.s.. — 112 S V Wat fis-tOvVH —
N C P C Ds.100 101 Do U 2dm. 9OV410O
N S R 5S...100 — Do 4s Sdm. f*nu —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E fti 08 —
O T Co Cs..l1» 121 V <3 & E 5a. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 50 (Port Costa. . — —
Martn Co ... Cl — ISr> V W Co. 40?i 41 U
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. . .HJ 4VS Sac E G & R — — '
Eqult Gas .. 4?<, 5>,i S V G &. E. 65% —
Mutual E L. 11-ri — 8 P Gas ... 3 —
Pac O Imp.. — 53 Stork G A E 5 —
Pac Lighting 54 — V G fz E . . — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G t E. 65U 07
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 350
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 127 L P A A — 167»i
Anglo-Cal .. — 05 Mer Trust ..223 —
Bank of Cal. — 4871, Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. 140 160 S F XaUonl. — —
First Notlnnl — ' ,
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 709 %c for Royals
and 3011c f?r Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
4U,©Cc: sun-dried. :«%@4c: Peaches, 5®7c;
Pears, C&lOe; Nectarine*. 4©5%c: Figs, white,
4 V ¦* vie In boxes; Plume, pitted, 5$sc per lb.
PRUNKS — 1'jOS crop. 2%@3V4c for the four
size*. ' ' -
RAISINS— Following are opening prices free
on board to common .shipping points: Imperial
clusters, $3 per 20-lh box; Dehesa clusters,
$2 50: fancy clusters. $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 55; "-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loese Muscatels. U%@7c per
lb: 3-crown standard loose Muscatels. t> l «f»
ii>{,c: 2-crown standard Muacatela. 6@6Vic;
Seedless Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
floated, 5Vic; Seedless standard Sultanas, Sc;
Thompson Seedless standard, tic. The follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only:. Fancy, 10 ounces per lb, 7%<s;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, U%c; choice. It!
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice. 12 ounces per pack
age. 6 Vic; fancy, bulk, per lb. 7^c; choice,
bulk, ber lb. "Vic
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13Vie; No.
2, lliAc; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*, lo^ic for I X L.
10%c for Ne Plus Ultras and S^c for Langue
doc; Peanuts, Ot*7c for Eastern: Pecans. ll@
13c; Cocoanuts. $4 60<g5; California Chestnuts.
10@12^o for small and 15@17&c per 15 r or
large.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12 I / j@13Hc for white
and UOllo for amber; new water white ex
tracted. 5Vi@CV4c; light amber extracted, 6c;
fia,rk, 3%#4»Ac.
BEESWAX— 27(5 29c.
Dried Fruits.Nuts, Raisins, Honey
WHEAT — There was not much newn from
.abroad. Paris futures were higher. The
world's ehipmenta for the week were as fol
lows, in quartern: Russian, Ofil.000; Argen
tina, 22,000. The American visible supply in
creased 4"f>,000 ctls.
This market showed no change worthy of
note, both cash Wheat and futures being
weak.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian. $1 50@l 55; Northern Club.
$1 40@l 45: Northern Blue Stem. $1 5O®1 55;
Oregon Valley. 51 40@l 45 per ctl. .
FUTURES.
Secslon 0 tu 11 :3U a. rn.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$l 38« $1 :;9Vi $1 39 $1 39^4
May 1 3U14 1 30Vi 1 39 Ji 1 39'/ 4
• 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..?l39«i $1 3U% $1 :«>^ $130%
May 1 39^ l'3O^ 139^ 1 3U',i
BARLEY— The market opened the week
strong, with a good demand, and $1 15 was
freely bid for No. 1 feed.
CASH UAHLEY.
'Feed *l 12V.@1 15; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20@l 25; Chavaller. $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Svslon 'J to 11 :30 a. m.
Od6xi Hi&h« Low, Close.
December ..$1 12>i $1 12% $1 12% $1 12%
. 2 p. tn. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 KJ $1 KHi $1 13 $1 13
OATS — Show no change worthy of note. Re
ceipts are sufficient to keep the market well
supplied, and a good demand checks any ac
cumulation
\v hue »i 2001 32% ; Black, $1 4001 60; Red,
II 20411 '25 for feed and $1 2501 35 for seed;
Gray. *1 22Vj@l 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market continues weak, and do
mestic descriptions are lower.
V. colfciii, ouucu, »1 -iu 101 Yellow, $1 40 for
White ami *1 :<5 for mixed: California lar*»
Yellow, $1 S501 45; small round do. $1 70@
1 75; White. $1 35©1 45 per ctl.
HVE — $1 2^10,1 30 per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— fi 25«f2 B0 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
quiet, with demand light and the tone of
spot supply rather easy, though futures are
comparatively firm. Common, 4®f>c; prime,
6tt&5V6c; choice. C@6>/ 2 c; fancy. tf%@7c.
PRUNES — Are in fair demand at the mo
ment and prices are firmly held. Quotations
range from 3|;@7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Also attract a fair demand and
rule firm. Choice, 9Vi©OV4c; extra. 10®10^c;
fancy. ll©12Vic_
PEACHES— Are quiet. Choice, 7U®7%c:
extra choice, 77i®SV«c: fancy. 9%@10'/ic.
NEW I'ORK. Oct. 12.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
15,400 barrels; exports, 23;260 barrels. Dull and
about eteady. without change.
WHEAT— Receipts, 40,500 bushels; exports.
66.800 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red 84c
elevator and S4^c f. o. b. afloat; No l'hard
Manitoba, nominal. Options opened easy on
the bearish crop report*, supplemented by
heaviness In outside markets. After steady
ing on war talk and tower consols, they weak
ehed again In response to heaviness of Wall
Ftreet. lack of export demand and a large
•visible supply Increase, closing %<fty,c net
lower. May. S2 l-lWtiKiMc. closed 82%c; De
cember S4%(QS5 0-lGc. closed 85c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; mild, steady;
No. 7 invoice. i%c. Futures closed at- a net
decline of r.{i 10 points. Sales. 51,000 bags, in
cluding: November, 4.SO@4.05c; December,
6.05«ji5.15c: January 5.10<g5.20c; March 5.30@
5.40c: May. 3.30lg5.55c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8(5fc
Sterling Exchange, cables.. — 4 87Vi
New York Kxchange, sight — 07Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 47 -in
Exchange and Bullion.
Local securities opened the week very dull,
and there were no fluctuations worthy of note.
The oil stocks were neglected and there was
only one sal's of Home. The excitement in
this stock seems to have subsided.
The directors of the Contra Costa Water
Company have decided to pass the dividend for
the current month.
The Debenture Surety Company of San Fran
cisco has declared a regular monthly dividend
of ">c per rhare. payable October IS.
The directors of the North Shore Railroad
Company have levied an assessment of $5 per
share, delinquent November 1C
Four Oil CompEny has declared a dividend of
lc per share, amounting to $. - W00. payable
October 15.
Ex-'llvldend ypsterday: Alaska TackerV
Association, regular monthly. St per share,
amounting to ?4SJ000; Spring Valley Water
Company, monthly, 21c per share, amounting to
$5S.8CO.
»Kx-coupon: Sierra Railway Company of
California C8 (19.17), semi-annual, amounting
to $10,2(30.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 12.— WHEAT— Unchanged
Bluestem, 70c; club, 75c.
PORTLAND, Oct. 12.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 74c; bluestem. 78c; valley. 70@77c. ; ¦
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. Oct. 12.— Clearings, $032,007;
balance*. $270,718.
PORTLAND, Oct. 12.— Clearings, $1,078,
56*: balances, $>71,3S5. „,...
TACOMA, Oct. 12. — Clearings," $355,330;
balances. $32,060. .
SPOKANE. Oct. 12.— Clearings, $314,412;
balances. $27,174.
Northern Business.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1@1 75 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 4UHi : 7fcc P e r box; Waternitlons,
5015c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 30@3 for
fanoy Valenclas, $2Q2 50 for choice and %IQ
$1 50 for standard: Lemons, $1@3 per box:
Grape Fruit. $1 50©2 50; Mexican Limes, $1@
4 SO; Banana.', $1 2502 pe.r bunch; Pine
apples. $2©3 per dozen.
PEARS— Bartlett?. $1@1 25; winter varie
ties, 40® 75c per box for common and $1&1 i'5
for Winter Nellis. •
QUINCES — 40ii00c per box.
FIGS — Nominal.
PEACHES — 75©S. r >c for small boxes and 90c
©*1 for large boxes.'
POMEGRANATES— 50075c for small boxes
and $1 25«j2 for large
GRAPES— Isabella. 5C0«35c per crate; Coral
chon, GOfatiOc per crate; other varieties. 30®
40c for small box* a, 40<ijti0c for crates and
SOC&$1 25 for large open boxes; Wine Grapea.
$1S(&2;J per ton for Zinfandei, *15«[lt> fur Alib
lion and $12Sfl5 for White and Tokay.
Receipts "of most dencriDtions under thin
head were light, but carrled-over stock was
abundant and orlces had but little change.
Apples formed the bulk of receipts ami that
fruit was a little easier, although tra.de was
active. Some fancy stock of the King va
riety from Oreson was firmly held at $1 iO
per box. but the general run of fancy stock
could be bought at $1©1 15. Trashy stock
was abundant and continued dull. Receipts
of Grapes In large boxes were light, and
choice stock cleaned up quickly at steady
rates, the Muscat variety being firm at the
top quotation. Offerings In small packages
were quiet, owing to the lack of demand for
shipping. ReceiDts of Peaches were very
light and nrlcffi were largely nominal. There
were no Figs received. The other tree fruils
were in amnle suuply and prices stood about
as before. There was a better demand for
Melons, owing to the warm weather, and
prices of Nutmeg Melons ranged higher. Re
ceipts of Berries were moderate and choice
lots of Strawberries and Raspberries cleaned
up, rapidly at firmer rates. . Huckleberries
were well cleaned up and, firmer. Cranberries
were nulet, but firmly held. Citrus fruits
¦were in amnle supply and quiet, despite the
warm weather. Hananaa were plentiful en<l
moved fr«elv ;»t steady rates.
. STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $3@8 per
chest; large berries, $1 50«t3 for Mallndas and
Mfir> for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $•"» 50SJ5.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 7<gSc per lb.
CRANBERRIES- Cape Cod. $8 5O©9 per
bbl ; Coos Bay. $2 50®.'$ per boz.
APPLES — $161 25 per box for fancy, 50if
S5c for good to choice and 25@40c for com
mon.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
RT LOUIS, Oct. 12.— Wool, steady; medium
grades combing and clothing. 17Q21c; light
fine. 15017 %c; tub washed. 20030c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Nnv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12. — The cotton market
closed steady. 2 points lower to 2 points
higher.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The stock market
fpent a bad half day up to noon, Nit during
the latter part of the da>\ a little better spirit
fhowfii Itself and there was some recovery.
There was a veritable slaughter ff values
amonsc tlie industrials durine the morning and
it was very evident that the disfavor caused
by the developments last week in the United
States Shipbuilding receivership case Is etill
an active force In the market Industrial
stocks were sold at violent declines without
apparent discrimination, juat as they were
bought during the period- of prosperity In the
stock r<romouon pr<«cess. It is not to be sup
posed that all of the present sellers of these
securities, however, received their first en
lightenment from the shipbuilding muddle of
the processes employed in the promotion, un
derwriting and flotation of industrial stocks
during the last few years. Over-capitalization,
over-valuation or constituent companies and
market manipulation by the managers for in
sldr pwls have been flagrantly in evidence and
have l>een persistently pointed out from the
outset. Now it is evident that the speculative
public is paying exaggerated importance to
every sufgeotlon in this direction, while It
f.«em« a warrantable presumption that the In
vesting class is in a state of disgust which
turns them from all consideration of the in
dustrial sticks. Promotion deals which have
been he'd ut'on a state of partial icnaumma
tion. with the hope of later completion, are
now regarded as hopeless failure*. 1 he throw
ing out of collateral for loans of some of
the securities in disfavor Is another case for
their sacrifice in the market at wlile declines,
and the prevailing ease of the monoy market
ani the growing confidence In Its continuance
do not avail to overcome the repugnance to
this collateral for loans.
The early stock market suffered additional
depression Jn response to London selling on
account of the acute Etaee reached in the dis
pute between Russia and Japan.
The prevailing state of mind over the mar
ket had Its rreateft effect upon the ITnited
Htatfs Steel btocks. and both touched new low
records to-day, the common selling at 17'j
and the preferred at 57H-
The bonds were somewhat better supported.
The list of losses in the industrial department
running from 2 to 12 points Is " too long to
recapitulate. A number of Inactive railroad
stocks also suffered severely. Reports of large
reductions in working force by the New York
Central and Southern Pacific had a strong
efleot on sentiment, following last week's reso
lution of the United States Steel Corporation
to reduce i«« working force. With the com
pletion of the London selling better op|»ortunity
was given for the effect of the unexpectedly
favorable Government crop report cl Satur
day to assert Itself. The very sanguine view
expressed by railroad operating officials over
the outlook for traffic and their reports of the
large current traffic also helped the recovery.
The cloeinff vag about steady and elightly be
low the best.
Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par value
$:s.ogg.ux>.
I.'nited States bonds were unchanged on the
latt call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Atchison C2.100 «.'«% 62 63V4
Atchison pfd 1.200 87*4 Rfjs: 87U
Balto & Ohio ; 21.500 73H 72 73
Balto & O pfd 1.500 £6^4 8(5?4 S6',4
Canadian Pacific... «,600 11SU 117% 117*;
Central of N J * ij,o
Ches & Ohio 000 29 28V4 29
Chicago & Alton.. 4.000 24% 24ii 23W
Chi & Alton pfd.. 100 C2 C2 f.l U
Chicago & O W 1.700 14% 14'4 14%
Chi & G \V B pfd. 25 (4
Chicago & N W.. 1.300 156^ 155 1M
Chl Term & Trans gu
Chi Term & T pfd. , 16»4
C C C & St Louis. 300 70 C3H C9H
Colo Southern :i<K> 11% nit m-
Colo 80 1st pfd... 200 4S 48 47
Colo So 2d pfd 100 lfi»i 18% 18U,
Del & Hudson BOO 150 150 149%
Del Lack & West. 100 S'.OK 230Va 2H0»i
Denver & U G 900 1S>4 IS 18'
Denver & R G pfd. 400 85 ft ft4 64%
Erie 44.000 27 26^ 26%
Eric let pfd 3.0O0 65^4 04U C5»A
Erie 2d pfd 1.100 47 4«« 40«l
Great Northern pfd. 100 160 ICO 155
Hocking Valley 07
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 77 77 73
Illinois Central ... 1,600 129 127« 12K»i
Iowa Central jg '*
Iowa Central pfd.. 500 32 56U 32
Kansas City So i-y
Kansas C So pfd . . .^j
Louis & Nash 6,000 96Vi 95V. OtiSi
Manhattan L 2.000 130 120 130
Metropolitan St Ry. 2.500 103Vi 102 lO'tli
Minn & St Louis.. 500 43^ 41 43
Missouri Pacific .. 16,000 87V4 84% §7*4
Mo Kan & Texas. 400 icii 15% icvi
Mo K & Tex pfd.. 1.200 33% :« 3314
N R R of Mex pfd. 2C0 38 H 37 38
N T Central 6.400 11(5 114% 115U.
Norfolk & Western 900 £>0»<5 50 MK
Nor &. West pfd 87 '
Ontario & West.. 2.400 10% 19*4 18%
Pennsylvania 40,900 117»i llflU, 117^
Pitta C C 4 St L. 100 69V, 5fl»4 56
Reading 41,200 44% 4.-H4 44 W
Reading 1st pfd... 100 7514 75\j 74
Reading 2d prd... 200 62 01% 61
Rock Island Co... 7,200 24 Li 23 $5 2S«4
Rock Inland Co pfd S00 6S<£ 57>4 5S«4
Ft Louis & S F 52
St L & S F 1st pfd 60
Ft L & S F 2d pfd. 200 44 44 44
St Louis S AV 700 12«4 12% 12»i
Ft I.oui» S W pfd. 200 20% 29 29
St Paul 14,400 135'i I34«i 1«6H
£t Pawl r>™ •••• 17O^4
Southern Pacific .. 10.400 40U Z*% 39%
Southern Ry IB.ROO 17»4 1«4 1«%
Southern Ry pfd.. ft.ttW 72»4 «9'4 70
Texas & raclfic... 1,300 23 218i 21%
Tol Ft L & W.... 100 ITU 17W IT
VTn'lOT 1 PaflfiT f.".' 3C,"266 69% «7% CS%
ITnlon Pacific pfd.. 400 S4>{ R< S3%
Wabash n.500 17V4 1«'<4 JJJi
Wabanh pfd 2.500 2»U 2S% 2S%
Wheel & Lake E.. 300 14^ 14M, 14
Wisconsin Central. COO 15^i 15* 15J*
WlftconsiD Cent pfd 200 SSli 35^ SoVs
Express Companle* —
Adams • ~2
Am«rican • •/• liS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday October 10. as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows: Wheat, 20.f*6s,<TOO bushels; increase, 1.
f>70 0<V> Corn 8.368,000 bushels; decrease,
K02!o<"»o! Oats." 6,221. COO bushels; increase.
368 000. Kye f>C8.000 bushels; increase, 84.000.
Barley 4,005,000 bUBhels; Increase, 721, COO.
Visible Grain Supply.
Then- was no change In Cheese, th* market
being literally *:tcked and weak, with hold
er-s e*Terin.? melv.
Receipts were .vt.100 lbs Butter, 530 cases
Kfrgs and 14,^00 Ib3 Cheese.
UL'TTER— Creamery, 27@2Sc for extras ar.d
26c for seconds; dairy. 21624c; store Butter,
17»<.Gl9c; colJ storage, 21625c; Eastern. 22jj
24c" rer lb.
CHEESK— 12Hc for good flats, 13@13%c for
choice mild new, and ll@12c for low
er grades. Toung America, 13^4@ltc; Eastern.
lBH^lrtHc: Western, 14Q15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 45c for large white selected
and 40® 44c for fair to choice; store, nominal:
cold storage, 2li®2Sc; Eastern, 21(g2Sc per
dozen.
Eggs were no higher, but firm and very
PtfaYCf] fine ranch being virtually cleaned up.
There were r»:mors that sales even higher than
tho quotations were being made, but they
could not Le verified.
Receipts of Butter were liberal and Included.
tsom* from Oregon, besides the usual large
supply from Humnoldt. The market, though
easy, chowetl no change.
Butter, .Cheese and Eggs.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Pan Franeifoo and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
¦warm weather in the forenoon, somewhat cooler
in the afternoon and night: light northeast
winSs changing to fresh westerly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Portland SO. 04 74 60 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes. ..28. M 79 M NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29. 08 90 64 N Clear .00
Uoseburg 30.04 74 4« SW Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.06 S6 54 W Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.32 58 38 W Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. CO PC CO W Clear .00
Saa L.. ObiEpo.2a.(»S P2 69 W Clear .00
Son ruego 23. KS S4 58 NW Clear .01)
Seattle 30.W ft<! M W Clear TV.
Fpokane ;>0.2S <ifi 44 E Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.04 59 64 S Clear .00
¦vvniia Walla.. SO. IS 76 50 PW Clear .On
Winnemueca .'¦*>'<¦ 24 70 3t E Clear .00
Vuira 2».S0 02 62 NW gear .00
WEATHER CODNITIONS AND GENERAL
FOECAST.
The pressure has fallen cteadlly over the
northern half of the Pacific elope. An area of
h-ph pressure overlie* the intermountain region
and ii> causing a general northeasterly drift of
the lower air and resulting high temperatures
in the great valley of California and along the
coaFt. At Pan Francisco the temperature ie 21
decree? above the normal and at other points
frcm 15 to 18 degrees. Afternoon temperatures
exceeding J«0 degrees are reported at many
points in California. No rain has fallen west
of the Rocky Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 13:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; continue 1
warm weathe*-; light northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; continued
warm weather; '.ight northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; continued warm
weather.*
Flour, qr sks... 23.018 Wool, bales 255
Wheat, ctls 7.000 Screenings, sks. 200
Barley. -otls ... 11.025 Tallow, ctls ... 26S
C>vn. ctls 85 Pells. No 1.«1O
Beans, sks 5.030 Hides. No 1,8«7
Potatoes, sks .. R, 060 Leather, rolls .. 15.°.
Onions, sks .... 1,410 Wine, gala .... 76..">OO
Gran, sks 600 Sugar, etl.i .... 800
Middlings, sks.. 263 Raisin*, bxs ... 3.ti2.t
Hay. tons 1,314 Chicory, bbls .. • 2O
Hops, bales ... SI Lime, bbls 408
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 12.
Receipts of Produce.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6^c©
«*c per lb; White Lead, 6H@7c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining- Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c:
Powdered. 5.70c: Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coars?.
6.ft0c: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 6.45c: Confectioners' A.
S.fcOc; Magnolia A. 6.20c; Extra C. 5.10c; Gold
en C, 5c: "D," 4.90c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 60c more: 50-lb bags.
10c mere for all Kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
8.10c: boxes, 6.35c per lb. No orders taken fcr
less than seventy-live barrels or it* equivalent.
COAL OILi — Water White foal Oil In b-ilk.
14 He; Pearl Oil In cases. 21c: Astral. 21c;
Star, 21c; Extra Star. 25c; Elaine. 27c; Kocene,
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c;
In cases, 23^0; Benilne, in bulk, 13c; In cases,
I9>^c; $8-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; In
cases, 27 He.
TURPENTINE — SOc p«r gallon in cases and
74c in drums And iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5@5<4c: San Quentln,
6 55c; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece Twine. 7^
6Sc- Cotton Fruit Bags. 6Uc, 6%c and 754c
lor the three grades; Brown Jute, 6%@7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $ a ; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 60: Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coo»
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, ?7 50; Cumberland,- $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in tacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 60: Cannel. $3 50 per ton;
Coke. .$11 fiC<2'i."t Der ton In bulk and $15 In
racks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
200O lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 4»c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1. 70c: Bakers" AA. 91 1001 12; liucol. 44=
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra, winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c:
China Nut. 65#70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
In barrels, 75c: cases, SOc: Sperm, pure. 75c-.
Whale Oil, natural white, 50<355c per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases. 50c: Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
General Merchandise.
Thr»<» cars of Western Poultry, including
one that ram* in on Saturday, wen? on sale
and ch'iinrd uj> well at steady prices. Re
ceipts of uomestlc stock were light, as Is usual
on Monday, and prices wer* unchanged and
largely nominal. Game was in good request
at the previously quoted figures. Receipts" w*r«
liberal and consisted chiefly of Hare. The sea
son for Wild Ducks opens on the 15th.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 20023a per lb for
young and 14fgl7c for old: Geese. Der pair.
$1 75/7?2: Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks, |5^5 50 per
dozen for old and $5 SOftb" 50 tor young; Htns,
$5 60(36 60 for large and $4 50<ff5 50 fpr small;
young Roosters $4 50(^5 50; old: Roosters, $4 50
@5; Fryers ?.Y50S'4 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for
large ana,$2 60<g3 for email: Pigeons. ?1@1 25
per dozen for old and <2@2 2."» for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen tor Cotton
tail. ?1 25 tor bush; Hare. $1@1 25 per aozen;
Wild Dovee, $1 25 per dozfn; English Snipe.
$.1 50 v-fr dozen; Common Pnlpe, $1 50 per
dozen; Gray Geese, $5 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
• Salmon Exports in September.
Th« *3tx»rt« of Salmon from Paa Frandtco
t> «ea during the ir.onth of September were as
"oilow«:
To — C«t»«. rarksg»» Value.
.»nttraiia (.«*) ••• $13,700
v«w Zealand 721 ... 3.25*
Tahiti 4<i« 1^2 2.WO
. Hawaiian I«lan2* 4*2 «"2 «<.47t
Islands. 3"! * 70S
<;r*at Britain .*•<*> ... 2.00<>
< htr.a r.2i ... li.Oi"*)
!:*iM Indies 4~* ... L86I
.;«maica I 0 -* 5 -.- 420
Mexico IW ... 4»<>
< ejiTral America 54 ... 154
.-^uth AnolCt 5''5 ... 4*>4
.V.af^rn Ptates 2.5*7 4S5 15.1M
1 ::;-'« here K9 8 S30
1.^t«l* 11.S57 1.1C9 f55.4M
In Sejitemt^r. IIX"!?. the exr^rt trad" na*
<.^!te artlve. the fhipnients in that month
I <!vingr been 94.:C9 cajs^f cann«-<1 ani P52 pack
i :*f i-slted. valued *t $'»j7.446. The shipments
thai morth lr.cludtJ 4540 cap** and 2'""> barreip
i" Eastern States, 66.KC5 case? to Er.ylan'l and
T <1<~4 cese» and 4P0 half tarr»ls to Australia
. i.r^ Xfr 7.** !and.
• ' The Recent Decline in Stocks.
Late New York reports say: "Fear, not
reason, has recently dominated Wall street.
B>nd in Ff>i!e of a powerful r^sirtance liquids
"ii-n hue run to irrational extremes. For pom*
¦ tim* raja Intrinsic value* ,-^reiv" 1 •-••ant if
any consideration, the extremiti«F of a few rich
ixMen ofclislrr further liouidation at a time
«lifn buyir.R power was limited, cither through
• *T:auFticn or Uck of courage. There hap be*n
• •'<'¦ ay rnu'h unreasoning distrust regarding
? "urity \alu<-s ss tht-re w«« unreasonable con
l4fQO( f- year ai". and in nine ehort month.* ,
!)^»rket opinion has plunged from dizzy heights
at exaitatinn to the very depth* of depression,
until 'i'dliies »tp> iva'-hed out of all propor
to any chanfep In lRtrin5l<- conditions.
Stutl^ti'-al iriveftipation go^s o Tr.at t-e
rarity value? in th* United Ftate? advanced
• BbOUt *4.5O0. OCm.OOO after President MoKinley's
¦flrrt r'.fctinn. and that the present downward
ii!..' orrif-nt represents a shrinkage of fully
M^OO.OOO.OOO. ehowtng that the boom advance
! «t- !ar*:*ly difapp^ar*?*!. Such estimates are,
. r course, only a;>proxItTiate. but they are proh
abJjr not far out of th» way, and very likely
ihpy at lea?t rpi.regent the proportionate <3e
¦ line. So extensive and rapid a shrinkage as
tbla is nothinr l^ss than panic of the severest
lypw; and. while concent rated banking interests
have fortunately been »t!f to prevent a tud
>.en crash and so save the country from vastly
«-or»<- disaj-ter. they have net b**B able to pre
1 ent u f>hFtic readjustment of Oedtt, >vhifh <s
ICspMnttta 'or much recent .i<iuiOatlo*i. It If
l^rhsps pn-tnature to assert that this liquida
tion is entirely complete, or that the mari.i--.
h&r poaittTCly turned: yet there U no <3oubt
if.^t the conc#rf!d action of New York hank
• r»; has saved the country from a. most disas
trous crisis, and that in srite of current fears
"" the worst hss been pawed and improvement
". < annot l»e very distant. At Pittsburg. Phila
¦Wljihia an.! Baltimore embarrasseil individual?
l'?v»- <:it!ier bOf-n otil!te<J to liquidate or have
»*ce«ved the necessary assistance; ro it is prob
• BtaM that trouhle in these quarters is over. To
ciay'n pricefi *mply discount all the evils that
rin l~»e anticir'ated for the next year or so.
and humsn foresirht can rr> no farther. tex
.f-essfg i;i rrf'mot ing. in underwriting and la
ftock nat«-rip«r have all verted inore than their
Ifgil'mat* fTect. and <>ven the probability of
business reactlod nvjft b» considered as over
dene in Um ; refer. t market."
.Government Fruit Crop Report.
From th» Ood Bulletin, t'nited Ptate* D<?
ratrUBest of Agriculture, Wafhlngton. D. C.
• v.*»-k ended bf-nt ember 2S:
In the States of th«> central vallej-R-the re
'l-.rif )-niiicate a light epple crop, but more
rei»orts are received from the middle
-Vtiar.tic Stutee. Much fruit was blown from
tbc trees by ;he recent high winds in New
RoclaM. Tl'.e rei«jrts respecting potatoes con
tir.ue unfavorable.
• New Knpland— Potatoes continue to rot badly
i'i mot-t section*: much winter fruit blown off.
en '¦ •"•-ill be small.
N'» Virk — I^erire yield of potatoes, but much
! !!rht and rot: b-:ens declining; ffrapes HgM:
j.;T.!es vaiT from light to heavy, quality ex-
Mtieat.
V'w Jerpf j— Arr>s alrr.oft total failure;
(¦iriclBS of crar.i^rrles about completed; no
(j-irr.aice frcm frost.
f*r.rfylvan«a— Apple* fair to »oo<l.
Maryland and I>elawar? — Tomatoes yielded
I't'er than espeeted: lieht yield of late pota
tccs.
Virtfnla — Good crop of apples being- har
\<-s»e«J.
North rarolir.a— Good yield of tweet potatoes
and i*enuts.
Florida— <^ltrus fnjlt* coloring.
Arkansis— L4it" IrtKh notatoes fair; late
« pplca t-hort. quality Inferior.
n>nnes»ee — Arpl*« rottlrjc and falling.
Kentucky— Apple* dropt'.nK badly.
Missouri— Potsto crop light; apples unprom-
Uirt;.
JU'.nris— Potatoes below average, much rot
. tlr.g; apple* tontinue to dror. light crop, poor
QB&litjr.
Indiana — F'otat'jes light; apples light and
?fci'injt.
West Virginia — Fruit practically a failure
(xc'pt apples !n rcme few counties.
fihjo — Potatoes rotting in north: apples con
tinue dropping and injured by high winds.
Michigan— Much potato blight and rot causing
p,o,r yield; apple yield fair.
Wleeonfcin — Potato crop poor in most section*
oti account of blight; large crop sugar beets of
excellent quality: apples light.
Minnesota — Potato dlpgin* general.
j c ,v a — Potato crop poor; apples yielding better
I ¦ -nn earlier reports Indicated.
r Oklahoma and Indian Territories — Apples
Ii-T.tlfui: peaches poor to fair.
Colorado — Large crop of late apples promised.
U ashington— Potato** Injured by blight and
¦ rrt in coast countle*; hop picking nearly fin
' ur<-ccn— rotato digging begun, yield vari
sl.le: apples fair to good.
Weather Report
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ,
SAN FKANCISCO, Oct. 12—5 p. m.
.f ronowinc are the seasonal rainfalls to
c. e* compared with those cf same date last
..SMT). and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
Ija*t This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Kuwka 00 3.17 .44
lied Bluff 00 .44 Tr.
Ort ••'* ¦ *'' r '
San Francisco O0 -17 Tr.
Krecae 00 .«K) Tr.
Inlefjendence 00 Tr. .3O
S..n Lul« Ohispo 00 .02 Tr.
L'.s Angeles 00 .43 Tr.
tan Diego 00 .06 ' .92
. THK COAtiT~RECORD.
7- e g 5 i i
s i~ 2'i Z* **¦-%
fTATlON. j »£ S3 s2 ?- S
? js j» »' • r.
¦37: .-;: . :;•;
J? ak ' T -O.r.4 ea ?A SW Clear .00
'*™ n 30-2«» m :;o NE Clear .00
KJ2HL* '¦'¦'> ( * 70 4S W Clear .00
v Til av * fi0 M.SW Clear .00
V Z2? ~ "• '' s «5 W» X\V Clear .00
t r '"f^5 ::O(C c - -M N'K Clear .00
SP-ASK^.-S- 90 u * ?¦•<> w «- le * r - 00
kXtX ?Hi '¦*'¦'*'' TR W 13 Clear .«0
pwL 1<I - : *' W r ' 4 W N Clear .02
i&J^I ?•« « 54 S Clear .00
f * c * tU1 ° 30-3« C2 24 NW Pt.Cldy .00
SAVINGS BANKS.
Qer 9 Si L. — — iSar * L 800. 95 1C5
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sar Bk.400 BOO
Mutual Sav. — — (Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U..600 700 J
STREET RAILROADS. -
California ..196 205 I Presidio — 41 .
Geary — 80 I '
POWDER.
Giant 65 — "Vlgorlt — *
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 10c 20o Kilauea S C. — 8 1 *
Hawaiian C. 45% 4« Makawell C. « —
Honokaa 9 C 12H — Onom«a 8 C 32 82^
Hutch 8 P C 10> s 11% Paauhaa 8 C — IT
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl53ttl56 |Oc«*nlc S C. B% «!4
Cal Fruit As 94 — Pac A F A. 2> —
Cal Wine As — 67^1 P»c c Borx.lflT —
Morning Session.
Board — ,, -.
60 Makawell riXfiTVw?' «m Eo
20 Trustees Certificates. |FG*E..Mfrt
10 Trustees-Certificate*. S F O A E.. 63 50
20 Spring Valley Water Co (cash).... *O 75
Afternoon Session.
25 HawIllTn Com'l and 8u«ar « CO
60 Hutchson S P Co « w
50 Oceanic S 8 Co... -•• •
$2000 S P Cal lat con 5s (stamped) 108 -j»
i 10 Spring Valley Water Co...... *\ W
i 00 Spring Valley Water Co (S 10) 41 ©»
California Stockand Oil Exchange
\ Oil Stock.- Bid. A»k»d.
Alma " * 40
Apollo *2 '"XX
Associated Tnist Cert 19 2*
A«tec ;: f'
California Standard Jl ,«,
Caribou » £2^, 1 li
Central Point Con *?
Chicago Crude -} "'ii '
Clareraont ;'** M '
Esperanz* 1 *» •••ii
Four «* OT
Fulton *25 .....
Giant ... *J:
Hanford •; , 2,.-
Home »* * ™*
Imperial •- » «>
Independence ¦»* i?
JL u " c n tion ::::: ::::: 8 w
ice™ Riv;;::::::::::::: um w^
Lien {^ °*
Monarch (of Arizona) CO
Monte Crlsto Jj ***;»
Occidental of W Va t* J»
Oil City Petroleum 2S »»
Peerless I 3 " " TO
PUsburjr -^
Reed Crude *"
8 FA McKlttrlck 2 75
San Joaquln & O D 5BO .....
Penator la
Sovereign *?
Sterling - j£ '•; > i
Superior W _ **
Thirty-three •• • 19
Tolter . ." 21 ...-
Twenty-eight ••¦• *£
West Shore 2 »O 3 -a
Miscellaneous —
Atby Land and Improvement 1 45 1 J»
Alameda Sugar . • • •• 2^ JJJ
American Biscuit M« 95 CO
American Distrct Te! ,
¦ Cal Gas ami Electrc Corp.... ..... •¦•?•
Cal Cotton Mils 88 00 WOO
Cal Jockey Club 1£J ™
Cal Shpplnp Company •r.tiTii -Ti. «-,
C41 Title Ins an<1 Trust ISO 0O 140 0O
Central Bank of Oakland 6<> 0O
< Chutes Company * 2S ...j.
Cypress I^wn Imp Co « w> » ~Z
Flschrr's Theater -25 li'il
Gas consumers' A*«n J- J"
Honolulu Sugar •••- >^ JJJ
'¦¦ Northern Cal Power j» ™> » »O
North Shore Railroad » «» 10 0<»
Cirpbeum Company 15 25 -;-il
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 00
Paraffine Paint S3 CO
Han Francisco Dry Dock 4. 0O
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 00
Pausalito Land and Ferry 16 0O .....
Pnerry Flnur Company 27 50 SO Crt
Standard Electric • " U?
Tesla Coal Company -¦ 3O 00
Ttuckee Electric IS 25
United Gas and Electric... 34 .V>
Union Sugar 22 50
BALES.
Morning Fesslon.
Board—
.V> Home »JV»
4.VS> Reed Crude Jl
lOOrt Occidental JJ
200 Monarch 5O
I 2C0 Sovereign *»
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1275 Lion ] J*
15 Caribou .....I 10
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were th« sales Jn the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester«
day:
Mornins Session.
.100 Alpha 07 I 10O Hale * Nor 85
POO Andes 19 I 2<*> Sierra Nev. 51
200 C C & Va..l 3." I 200. Union Con. «
Afternoon Session.
120O Andes- 20 100 Gould &C. 21
1(W) Andes 21 20O Keyes Grrir 91
200 Challnge Cn SO 300 Keyes Grslrl 0O
300 Chollar 21 5O Mexican ...1 Ort
200 C C & Va..l SO 5f>O Savage 2H
1OO Confldence . 75 10O Union Con. 61
50O Crwn Point. IS 2<*> Utah 2O
COO Gould &. C. 20 100 Yel Jacket. 42
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales In the PaclSa
Stock Exchance yesterday:
Mornins Session.
200 Andes IS 400 Sierra Jfev. 52
200 C C & Va..l 32^4 2<1O Silver Hill. 57
300 Gould AC. 22 20O Union Con. «4
100 Mexican ...lOi'i -tOO Utah 21
500 Potosl 23 200 Tel Jacket. 44
Afternoon Session.
2CO Andes IS 200 Mexican ... 1 02H
15()O Andes l» , 20O Overman .. 22
500 Andes ' 20 120O Potoul 22
.".00 Andes 21 S0O Savage 2:1
HCt> Challnge Cn SO 500 Pe«t Belcher 08
100 O C & Va..l 32^i 200 Union Con. «1
300 Con N York 16 200 Yel Jacket. 42
2C0 Gould & C. . 21
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales In the Tonopah
Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morninr Session.
ICO MacNamara 15 f 25 Ton B«!mntl 2S
100 Mont Ton.. 97 I 1 00 Ton N 8tar 3t
Afternoon Session.
600 Mont Ton.. 94 300 Rescue M
200 Mont Ton.. 95 200 Ton N sUc. M
500 Mont Ton.. 99 400 Wild Goos«.2 41>i
100 Pine Grove. _75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Oct. 12 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask. r Bld.Ask.
Alpha 07 OslJulia OtJ 07
Alta 03 OC'Justice 07 OS
Andes 20 rlJKentuck 01 03
Belcher ' 16 17: Keyes Greslr.l 30 1 33
Best & Belch. 1 5O 1 55; Mexican 1 OO 1 05
Bullion 08 00, Occidental ... 21 SI
Caledonia.... 91 94 Ophir 1 50 1 53
Challenge Con .".0 32iOverman .... 22 Zi
Chollar ...... 22 2J|Potosl "22 '£1
Confidence... 74 70 Gavage 22 Zi
Con Cal & Ca . 1 3O 1 35 Scorpion 02 04
Con Imperial. 02 03 Reg Belcher.. ©« CS
Con N York.. 16 17 Sierra Nev... 52 33
Crown Point.. 18 10 Bllver Hill 56 M
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis 11 —
Exchequer ... 14 13 Syndicate .... 04 08
Gould & Cur. 20 21 Union Con... 63 64
Hale & Norc. 55 56 Utah 21 22
Lady Wash... 03 04 1 Yellow Jacket 40 43
TONOPAH MINES. '-¦;'-;
Bld.Ask. • Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 20 Ton B«lmottt.l 00 1 5A
Esperanza ... 01 02 Ton & Cal... — 25
Lucky Tom C. — 10 Ton Fraction. 15 —
McNamara ..14 17 Ton of Nev... — 8 50
Mtzpah — 32 Ton N Star. .. 53 35
Montana Ton. 96 9S Ton Midway.. 30 40
Paymaster ... — 20 Ton & S Lak« — 4'»
Pine Grove... 80 — ,Unlted Ton... — 15
Rescue — 10
• m •
A motor fan should be placed near an
open window or other opening: where It
can draw fresh air. If In a earner or
center of a room it simply stirs up foul
air.
Copper declined 7* *d in London to £54 2s
(3d for frpot and £53 17s (M for futures. Lo
cally copper was dull. Lake and electrolytic
are quoted at $13® 13 25 and casting at
f 12 87H.
Lead v.aR unchanged locally at $4 50. but
London reported a decline of Is 3d to £11.
Spelter was unchanged in London, closing at
£20 7s (5d. and w«r unchanged here at $6.
Iron closed at 50s In (>ia*gow and at 43a
7M|d In Mlddlesboro. In New York iron was
quiet. No. 1 foundry.. Northern, is quoted at
$16(gl7; No. 2 foundry, Northern, at $15(?flK;
No 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry,
Southern, soft, at $15@15 60.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The tin market was
weak, being depressed hy liberal arrivals, some
*lxtj--flve tons being received during the day,
while the Ix>ndon cables reported declines
abroad. Locally prices were marked down to
$25 62% ©25 70. and in London prices were 10s
lower at £113 12s 64 for npot and £11 1 7s 6d
for futures.
New York Metal Market.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 15.000; to-morrow,
15,000; IO^ISc hljrher: mixed and butchers,
$5 Iio@5 90- good to choice heavy, $5 2(Vf 3 70:
rough heavy, $4 75<g5 20; light, $5 35@5 90;
bulk of sales. $3 20fi5 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 45,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers $3 35@4: fair
to choice mixed, $2 H5<33 23; western sheep,
$2 25Q4 45; native lamb«, $3 60<£5 75; Western
lambs, $4 25^5 30.
CHICAGO.
. CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— CATTLE — Receipts,
25,000; Western, steady; goort to prime ste«rs,
$5 10S5 85; poor to medium, $.1 50@4 15;
stocker* and:, feeders, $2 2504; cows, $1 40®
4 60; heifers. $2£5; cannera. $1 40©2 50; bulls.
»2©4 35; calves, $3 50<g7 25: Texas fed steers,
$2 75(53 ?5; Western Bteers, $3@4 90.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The 'following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, Rg9c; Cows and Heifers.
TgSc; thin Cows, 4fi5c per pound.
CALVES— 4©6Vjc per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3%@3%c; Ewes. 36J^u
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75<?3 oer head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 6*4c:
under IK> lbs. 5HS5HC Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates Irom slaughterers to dsale:*
are a« follow*:
BEEF — e@Tc for Steers and 6S6%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6H©8c; >mall. 8®10c per
MUTTON— Wethers, 7«408c; Ewes, 7©7%s
per pound.
LAMB — 9®10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, Mi'gflUc per pound.
Packers have reduced their bids to 8fic fi.
their top urlce, ani report plenty of Ho*r:
riLtatnublH at this liKiirc. "therwise lh?>r? I
tatthtus ti*w<
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
The Potato market was liberally supplied
and continued quiet and weak, except foe
fancy Salinas Burbank*. which were in good
demand for local use at slightly firmer rat<*«.
Six cars of Sweet Potatoes came in from Mer
ced and there was a sharp drop In price*.
Tho demand, however, was steady at the re
vised quotations. Onions were In free supply
and fancy stock met with prompt sale.
Receipts of Tomatoes, while less liberal than
on Saturday, wore more than sufficient for re
quirements, and the market continued easy,
with surplus stock going to the canners at
the Inside quotation. Some stock that came
to hand soft and leaking were selling at 20o
per box. Lima Beans were In small supply
and sold at firmer rates, while String were
in good supply and unchanged. Receipts of
the other vegetables were ample and prices
stood about as previously quoted.
rOTAlOKS — burbanks from the river. 60<3
75c per ctl; Salinas Burhsnks. $1 25Srl 40 per
ct); Oregon Burbanks. 75S?90e per ctl; River
Reds,' 80@90c per Ctli Sweet Potatoes. $1 35SJ
1 40 per ctl for Merced and $1 25 for Stock-
OX IONS— 60i9 85c per Ctl.
VEGKTABLK3 — Green Corn, 50c<3$l per
sack or crate: Green Peas 2@3c per lb;' String
Beans. lU'rillic per lb; Wax. 2<;fl3o; Lima
Lieans,' y",4©4Vic per lb; Tomatoes. 25® 40c per
box; Summer Squash, 30@40c per box; C&b-
I.ukv, uoc per cti; Carrots. 75c per muck; Cu
cumbers, 4CliS.50« p*r box; Garlic, "$Mu
per lb; Green Peppers. 35@50c per box for
Chile and M«£65c for Bell; Green Okra, 50^
75c per box; Kgg Plant, 35@5(Jc per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. $10@12 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. *\Va> York stock market unsettled, but not materially changed.
1 Local securities continue inactive.
Silver several fractions higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat quiet and easy. Barley in demand and firm.
'Vats steady. Corn lower. R\e as before.
Beans still declining and in poor demand.
Butter and Cheese in good supply and unchanged.
Eggs Unit, zviih fresh ranch very scarce.
Nothing further new in Dried Fruit.
Wool dull, K'ith prices somewhat lower.
Packers reduce their prices for Hogs a fraction.
Provisions still dragging in Western markets.
Bran, Middlings and Shorts 50c higher.
Hay weak, with a sharp increase in arrivals.
Supplies of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still large.
Three cars of Western Poultry on the market.
Plenty of fresh Fruits offering at about previous prices.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
United States 200 100 100 99
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 89,900 37 S5H 36Vt
Amer Car & Foun. 9,900 22*1 f i0U 20%
Amer C & F pfd.. 2,800 71 »4 Ki' C5
Amer Lin Oil 914
Am*r Lin Oil pfd 20
Amer Loco 1,100 12% 11»4 ll»i
Amer Loco pfd . . 000 78Vi 73 74
Amer Smelt & Ref 13.600 40 MU X\%
Amer S & R pfd.. 100 87 8QH Kit Ml
Amer Sugar Ref.. 11,000 108% 107^ .107*5
Anaconda Mln Co. 1.6*) 64% 62 63
Brooklyn Rap Tran O.P0O 32'« 30% 31%
Colo Fuel It Iron. 1.700 85 33' 34
Col & Hocking C. . 200 io 10 9'4
Consolidated Gas.. 800 171 170 170Vj
General Electric... 900 141 139 140
Inter Paper 80* UV4 HH It
Intsr Paper pfd... 1.000 62 «0 60
Inter Pump 200 XI 32 SI
Inter Pump pfd... 200 70 70 75
National Biscuit .'. 600 35 :t5% 35'i
National Lead .... i;00 12»i 12Vi Hty
North American,.. 400 72 70 71%
Paclric Mail 200 19H 19 IQU>
People's Gas 1,500 S9»i 89 89 >i
Pressed Ste«l Car. 4,4(V> 31^ 294 29%
Pressed Steel C pfd 1,500 74*4 71^, 71V»
Pullman Pal Car.. 300 210 210 210
Republic Steel 1.800 8 7\i 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 6.100 D7S 5^ 56
Rubber Goods 200 14 14 14
Rubber Goods pfd «7«4
Twin Coal & Iron .... 27%
U S Leather 600 6*6 6«4 6T»
U 8 Leather pfd.. 200 76. 75% 75%
U B Rubber 300 10 9 9',4
U S Rubber pfd. 200 35 35 35
U S Steel 115.400 13Ti 12«4 12*;
U S Steel pfd.... 110,600 69% 67Vi 58%
Western Union ... 200 82. 82 81%
Total chares eold.7S9.200
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— United Railroads of
San Francisco: Bond transactions, 10,000, at
$76 S7U.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s resr. .10r>V4]L & N unit 4s... 98%
Do coup lOCVfclManhat con g 4s.l00U
Do 3s rez 1 07 «-i| Mexican On 4s.. 70>4
Do coup 1O*V«! Do 1ft lnc 13»4
Do new 4s reg.135 Minn & St L 4s.. it!
Do coup 135 Mo Kan & T 4s.. 08
l>o old 4s re*..110'4 Do 2d« 76U
Do i-oup llOVs IJ RR or M*x c 4». 72
Do 6s r»« 1024'N T Cen gen 314s. 97
Do coup 102Vs|N J Cen Ken Ss.129
Atchlson «en 4*.. »$H Northern Pac 4s.lOO«4
Do adjust it... Sn'£ Do 3s 70i 4
Atlantic C I, 4s.. P0«i'N & AVest con 4b. 04*4
Halt & Ohio 4s... »9% On S L 4s & Prt. 89 I
Rait & Ohio 3i£i>.. M\ Penn conv 3Vjs.. OS 11 ;
• 'cntral of G->. 5b. IftlH Reading gen 4<«... 05 Vi
Do 1st ino 67 Pt LftI M con Bs.lnOH
rhes & Ohio 4»i?.101% }»t L & S F tg 49. fil'i
(Til & Alton 3Hp- "Ha Rt T^ P W lets... M%
V B & C> new 4*. PI 7 * rVaboanl A L 4». fi«
«: M&StP gen is. 104W, Southern Pac 4s. R.*>
C & N W con 7*. 131% Southern Ry f.s..H2
C R I & P 4»... 70>,4jTexas & Pac Uts.115
Do col 5s 72M,;To1 St L * W 4s. 68*i
rcc&St L "en 4*. 95!» 'Union Psclflc 4s. 1004
«"'hl Term 4s 9.1HJ Do conv 4s ... O.Ti,
Con Tobacco 4?.. B2»i I' S Steel 2d Ps.. »S0>i
Colo i South 4s. 83 Wahash l?ts ....115 i
Denver & R G 4.«. Of) Do deb li f>2"-4
Erie prior lien 4s. 06*i XV & L Erie 4n... 86
Do gen 4e 82 7 4 Wlseon Cen 4s... 8!>
Kt W & D C lsts.103 C F & I con Os. 76
Hocking Val 4v.js.105
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 iLIttle Chief .... 0»»
Alice ... it JOntario 4 f>o
Breece 10 [Ophir 145
Brunswick Con.. 06 'phoenix (17
I'omstock Tun .. 06>4|Potosi 15
f'on Cal & Va...l 20 jHavage 22
Horn Silver I 00 Sierra Nevada... 4S
Iron Silver 1 50 (Small Hours 2O
Leadville Con .. 02 'Standard 1 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 1 Mining —
Call loans 3f4 I Adventure :i
Time loans 5156 lAlloues i
Bonds— {Amalgamated ... 36»;
Atchis>on 4« 97->4|D«ly West .'i«
Railroad* — | Bingham "jOVi
Atchlson 63 ¦ Ca 1 * Hecla 435
Do pfd ft*,% Centennial 14ti
Boston & Albany. 247 ¦ Copper Kang» -J5
Boston Elevated.. 136J-3 Dom Coal UOi'.
NYNH&H 193 Franklin 7V*
Fitchburg »ifd .. 134^ Isle Royale r»' a
Union Pacific OS 1 * Mohawk 3il
Mexican Central. 10^*. Old Dominion ... 5",
Miscellaneous — Osceola 5i
Amer Sugar 107«i Parrot KIU
Do pfd 118*4 Qulncy S3
Amer Tel & Tel.. 121 Fanta Fe Copper. H,
Dom Iron & S.... &',a Tamarack 75
Gen Electric 140 Trinity , r i4
Mafs Electric .... 10 United States ... U\%
Do pfd :. 77% Utah i4>' t
United Fruit .... 'M .Victoria 2V.
U K Steel 12% Winona «>«,
Do pfd 58% I Wolverine 62
Westlnghouse cm. t;5 I
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.. 88 3-1 « N Y Central ll!i»i
Consols for acct...SS',4 Norfolk S: Wet-t. 57^,
Anaconda ."•% Do ufd i»0
At'-hlson i!4 Ont & Western .. 20
Do pfd OOVi Pennsylvania COVi
Pail *: tJhlo 74 »,j Rand Mines 8%
Can Pacific 121 W Reading Tl\j
Che* * Ohio 29 vi Do 1st pfd .'JS
Clii C?t '.VH'.i'rn.. 10 Do 2nd pfd 31
chl M & «t Pau'.l.Ti Southern Ry 17%
De Bfers 18% I Do pfd 78
Den & Rio G V.) : s Sou Pacific 40%
Do pfd »:9 Union Pacific 71 £
Erl«" 'i~ Do rfd 87
Do lat pfd <itfH U S Steel 14
Do 2nd pfti .... 4S Do pfd W)
111 Central l:fl ».} Wabaxh IS
Louis & Nan* . . . IW« Do pfd 30
Mo Kan & Tpxrs. K»T4
Bar silver. Pteady, 27%d per ounce.
Money. lHtiaVd per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills ie 3»4®3 9-1*5 per cent; for three
months bill*. 3%&'.i 11-10 per cent.
December ..... 6 67*4 6 80 « 67tf « 80 i
January 6 72& 6 85 6 70 6 83
Short Ribs, per 10t> lbs— . . ,i
October S -J5 8 50 8 45 8 60
January 6 42*J 6 45 6 27H 6 45
May 6 47H 6 50- 6 42% 6 60
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. a spring wheat, «0<382^c: i
No. 2 red, SOQSl^c; No. 2 com, 44%c; No. 2
yellow, 4tP,;<547c; No. 2 oats, :56M>@37c;* No.
3 white, 37»4(&3l)c; No. 2 rye, 64V4c; good feed
tng barley, 43@45c; fair to choice malting,
5fxg'5tsc; No. 1 flaxsecd. 05%c: No. 1 North
western, $1 02; prime timothy seed, $2 35®
2 40: mess port, per bbl, $11 I2»i@12 25; lard,
per 100 lbs. $6 75; short ribs sides (loone),
*7 75@8; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $6 60®
•5 75; short clear eldeo (boxed), $8 12»4@8 25;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 2i; clover,
contract grade. $10 S3@ll.
Articles. Receipts. Shipment!..
Flour, barrels 21,000 2U.70O
Wheat, bushels 90.1)00 20.J.30O
Corn, bushels 27i$.40O 1,020,100
Oats, bushela 205,300 355,200
Rye, bushels 4,700 760
Barley, bushels 152.600 3,400
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butur
market was steady; creamery, 15V4S20c; dairy,
1401Sc; eggs, steady, cases Included, lS@l'Jc;
cheese, 3rm, llgil 'ao.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Oct. Dec.
Opening Nominal. « 4*,
Closing 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. .Tan.-Apl.
Opening 21 4f> 21 10
Closing 21 40 21 05
Flour —
Opening 30 20 28 40
Closing . 30 05 28 35
very dufet. Sales are very small and far Be
tween. Buyers are holding; off and prices
have w#akened BOmetrhat from orftvlom quo
tations. Indications are that present prices
will rule for some time to come."
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 8«4c; medium. 8%c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kin. 8*4c; Salted Veal, »%c;
galted CaK. 10c; dry Hides. 15@15%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©
80c each; short wool. 40@50o each: medium. 7o
690c- long wool. $101 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $232 50 for medium.
$1 25©1 75 for small and BOc for Colts: Horss
Hides, dry, $1 73 for large and $1 50 far me
dium $1®1 25 for email and 50c for Colts.
Buck' Skins— Dry Mexican, 32U C ; dry salted
Mexican, 2Gc; dry Central American. 12Hc
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 73c: large and
smooth, 50c: medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vi@4«;c per lb;
No. 2. 4©4%c; grease. 2>4®3c.
WOOL* — Fall oil:' — San Joacuin Lambs'. »tf
lie; Middle County. ll<J12c; Northern Free.
Il@l2e; Northern Defective. Italic; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 125J1K'; Nevada. 13<jir>e;
Oregon, n^e, lS#19e; Oregon, medium. 17c
per lb.
({OPS 21tf24c per lb for California and 21 v»
24c for Oregon.
The weakness In Beans continues and sev
eral kinds are still lower, as will be seen.
The demand Is still light.
Beans — Bayos, $2 35@2 63; Pea. $3 25:
Butters. $3 50; small White. $3: large-
White $2 25^2 60; Pink. $2 40®2 50; Hed.
$2 9Q<?3: Lima, $3@3 25; Red Kldnays.
S4ft t 25! Black-eye. $-• 50@2 C5 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 40@l 50. ;
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow,
Mustard. nominal; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary,
S'STiMic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%<8*%c; Timothy. 6®«^c: Hemp, 3*4«»:{4*'-'
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20©
1»3 per ton.
DUIED PEAS— Green. $1 8002 per ctl.
Be~::s and' Seeds.
13 50; Barley. $10012 50; Stock. $9910; Alfal
fa. $10011 50 per ton.
. 8TRAW—40@e5c per bal«.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 —
December 79 78 79% 78-h,
May 7'J 79ft 78% ~X%
Corn No. 2 —
October 4tVi 4*% 44 U 44»&
December 45» g 45% 44^ 44-V*
May . HVt. 44ft 43ft 43' 8
Oats No.2—
October .... .... ft$H
December oS 38 , 37V* 37 U
May 38 U C8*» 37»/i 37 fc
Me?s Pork, per bbl —
October 11 15
January 11 OX 12 10 11 02^4 12 07'/i
May 12 12% 12 20J4 12 07& 12 22 &
Lard. 1 Per 100 lbe-^- ,
October 6 70 6 77% 6 70 6 7714
HAY — Wheat. $13<316. with sales of extra
choice at $18 BO; Wheat and Oat, $12 50®
15 50: Oat. $12 50® 14 50; Wild Oat. SU 50if
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UTAH
ALFALFA
NEW CROP SEED READY
OCTOBER 20th. ORDERS
BOOKED FOR IMMEDIATE
SHIPMENT ON ARRIVAL.
TRUMBULL & BEEBE
419-421 Sansome St
«AV m A. \ CISCO. CAJU
AUCTION SALES
#v_ AT AUCTION TUESDAY. October 13.
>2* 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. I wtll
sell 1 handsome, donkey cart and harness, 1 fe»c
road horse. 2 milk wagon*. 4 surreys. 2 carts.
1 rubber-tire business buggy. 35 horae*. 40 sets
of harness.THE SAN FKANCISCO CAI_I_, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1903.
12
, FOR SALE— Mocha Restaurant. 1759% Mle-
j elon st.
\ $500 ONLY — For a country hotel with bar; not
far from Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO..
i Oakland. Cal. '
IF you desire to sell or exchange business, real
estate cr mines, no matter where located, or
desire to Invest money, try INTERNATION-
AL BROKERAGE ASS'N INC.. 330 Pine
St.. S. F.. Cal.
$750 — PARTNER In well-established fruit
and produce commission bus.; outgoing part-
net retiring, account old age. Box 4054, Call. '
SNAP — Bargain; 14 rooms; central location;
price $S50. Western Realty Co.. 1007% Mrkt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
LODGIXG-HOUSE5 FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140.. .$4000
BS rooms; south of Market; rent»$100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 830
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20.... 850
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease.. 080
120 rooms; good lease: low rent 6500
£7 rme.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 230
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. S to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
WORTH Investigating; an 8-room furnished
flat with boarders; price $350. 1031 Me-
Alllster gt. .
CARPET BEATING A~D CLEANIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now" univer-
sally used In sarltarlly cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANTNG CO.. Call bid.; phon« Main 8237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING r S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 356-357 Tihtma St.; tel. South 40.
j 6MITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. Sc 1843 15th Bt.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S00 Har-
rieon St.; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard ;South 21fl.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 12ft.
| =
CHIROPODISTS.
DUN LAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns. bunions. eto.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
i BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. -PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, roomi 9-10: tel. 6580
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for elate-
, writing and cl—in .-oya-ce; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy tt.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott S87.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. lOo: slt-
tlnga TueB., Wed, and Thurs. C19 McAllister.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Saturday, 10c; sit 10 to 6. 148 6th st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circles, evenincs; to-night,
10c; prophetic readings; ladies 50c. 14S 6th.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; Eeances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. E. R. DAVIS, clairvoyant; grand circle
to-r.ight. 10c: readings 50c. 34 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week For
(1 $1 fl $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for:
1 promise to tell you whether husband, wifs
or sweetheart Is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character eo that you will reach the
hfghest possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; eo you will live t&ppy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bids.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4509.
IEMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., ior. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1;
lull life, $5; send lock of hair, Cat* and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
cf.rd reader, born with a double veil and sec- )
ond eight: tells the past, present and future;
ladles, 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 1_C Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a ehort time only: when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS WARD, rreat card reader; ladies 20c:
others fall; call on this celebrated medium;
satisfaction or no pay. 413 Mason st. ;no *>ign.
MISS ZEMDAR. ycung gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.av.
MME. LEE. palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
0-j; evenlnss and Sundays by appointment;
readings 50c 1206 Market, parlor Cl; elev.
A — Mrae. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MME. MAISEAU. clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c. gents 50c; hours 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
MP.S. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
2T«\ gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader;ladles 25c,
gents COc. 051 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. JAKEWAY, clairvoyant and palmist;
readings $1. 939 Eddy St.. right hand bell.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
_t;ij Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 5Oc.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tincs dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
DEXTISTST""
_a.&CTBO-DlENTAL CLINIC. 800 Market sC
ccr. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teetb without plates
our specialty ; gold crowns, $3 CO up; plates
$4 &0 up, extraction free; office hour*. - 0
a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 5O4-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
_er, the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Elerenth
— No charge for extracting when plates ax*
trade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
platea. $5; full set ;a.ll work palnle«s and war -
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr. Bush —
l Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
; GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Pr.O.B.Hewin.giX Putter.
DRESSMAKERS A.VD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCOHD1ON. sunburst _ knife plaiting, etew-
art'j button & buttonhole factory. HO Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3315 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. preg.
i ;
EDUCATIONAL.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men,
; an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day bust-
! ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
f SHORTHAND In 30 days; Boyd'a Syllabic; no
, ruled lines; no shading: nothing to confuse;
only 9 characters; easily read; study by
C mail: circulars, testimonials and first lesson
; covering U the course for two 2-cent stamps
t Chicago Correspondence Schools, Incorpo-
l rated. 62 National Life Bldg.. Chicago, IlL
. HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post S~
; F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing"
languages. telegraphy,. English branches;
, day and night sessions; Ulus. catalogue free.
. HINMAJTS Academy; a thorough school ot
1 dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
betweenPlne and California; both adult and
children s classes are now open for the season.
. A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1230
Market *V— Practical, progressive, reliable;
day ft evening sessions; write for catalogue.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayee etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. n u
1P41 Mission etreet; ooen until 10 p. m.
1TC1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cntil _ v. m.
1C0 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1006 Va'encla street ; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan ¦treets;
Ctm until 9 t>. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky rtrrets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fliimore street: open until » p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A SPECIAL meeting of Yerba Buena .«.
Ledge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. 1*
Scottish Rite of Fremasonry. will be J*
held in Comn>andery Hall. Masonic riMij,
Temple, on TUESDAY AFTERNOON, 7~^T
Oct. 13. J90.J. at 2 o'clock, and TIESDAT
EVENING. Oct. 13. at 8 o'clock. I^K 1 "^*
4. 5, etc. Visiting
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A.
M.— Member* of the above-named YY
lodge -re hereby rfotlflcd to assemble / ~ ' >
&t Mancnic lemrl* on WEDNESDAY.
Oct. 14 at 10 o'clock a. m.. to Join the Grand
Lodge in dedicating Siminoff Temple at the
Masonic Home. Decoto. By order of the
Matter FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lcxige No. 22. F. and A. « j
M.— Called meeting. All membere are VV»
earnestly requested to be at the temple /V\
on WEDNESDAY MORNING promptly ;
al 10 o'clock, tor the purpose of assisting in ¦,
escorting the Grand Lodge from the temple
to the ferry. By order of the -norshipfuli
Matt WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodce No. 139. F. and A. «
M.— Officers and members are re- >QT
o-jestei! to Bfrfmblv at Chapter Hall. /Y\
Hsfnlc Te:ni>le. WEDNESDAY
MORNING. October 14. ot 10 o'clock, to at-
und the dedication of Siminoff Temple at
Decoto. liv order of the W. M.
U. H McPHERSON. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. »
212. F. and A. M. — The officers and >fV r
members of the above-named lodge /V\
are rf-<ju»sted t<> assemble at the Ma-
¦onfe Temple. No. S Po*t Ft., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 14th Inst., at H» o'clock a. m.. i
lor the purpose of accompanying the Grand I
IsKigr to Peccto. Cal., to afist in the dedi-
cator cf the SiminofT Temple. By order of
the Masfr. E. C. HAKE. Secretary.
VTARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and m
A. M. — Officer- and members are Vy I
hereby rec.uf-«ted to assemble at the f\f\ \
Masonic Temple at 10:^0 a. m.
WEDNESDAY October 14. to attend the ,
ceremonies of dedicating the Elminott Tera-
j>)r at Decoto. Cal. Fare, round trip, 70c
By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 8. R. A. M.. J»
will meet THIS iTUESDAY) EVEN- 'VVf j
INU. Oct. 13. at 7:30 o'clocK. It. A. />T\
dtgree. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. SO, F. and A. »
M. — Officers and members will attend *y/\f
the funeral of our late brother. JOHN
JAMES SMITH. TO-DAY (Tuesday),
Oct. 13, 390.1. from Chapter HaJl. Masonlo
Temple, at 12 m. sharp. Bv order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. S*cretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A »
M. — Officer* cr.d merr.bei-. will assem- 'vVf
I le at Mancnic Temple WEDNESDAY, /\f\
Oct. 14. ISOSL at 10:30 a. m. sharp to
«.«cort the M. W. Grand Lodre, F. and A.
M., to 11 :."M) «. m. boat; thence by special!
train to Masonic Home. Decoto. to participate
<wlth their fair.Iiles* In the dedication of the
Pimlnoff Temp!*-. Tickets. 70c round trip.
By order of W. M.
F.1AVIN L. METER, Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and A. JB
M. — OCBcen and members are reguest-
ed to assemble at Masonic TemDle on /\r\
WEPNESPAy, Oct. 14. at XO o'clock
8. m.. to Join the Grand Lodpe in dedicatt \g
. c in:inoff Timiilo at Masonic Home. Decoto,
Cal. liy order of the- M_st<?r.
THEO. FROLICH. Seerotaiy.
ORIENTAL Lc-lse No. 144. F. and A. m
M— First de_r«-* THIS (TUESDAY) >W'
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Craftsmen >^/S
cordially invited.
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
M.— o:fleens and members will -tsyem-
l<ie at the Mascnlc Temple. WEDNXR- AA
DAY. Oct. 14. at 10:30 o'clock a. m...
fur the purpose cf proceeding to Decoto "*_••
Fij-tinsr in the dedicatory cervices of the Slra-
lncff T«-mpl«. A. S. HUBBARD. Sec.
DORIC Lodee No. 21(5. F. and A. M.— "^
3 he officers and members of the above- 'vV
r.amed lodge are requested to assemble fcF\.
at the Masonic Temple, WEDNES- -
!£_*? °_*-;__f 13fi3 - at 10 a - "•• to aesist
tr.e Grand Lod^e In dedicating the Siminoff
i»ns]i!e »t the Mescr.ic "Widows' and Or-
phans' Hoir.e In Decoto. Cal. By order of
the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17 I. O O 117
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) ¦&&£&&*¦
EVENING. ViFltlng brothers ln-%#3SKaf3
vitefi. J. K. MORKISON, R. S.
ETUKKA Lodge No. B. K. of P.. JK£ -_p»
Market et. — Attend funeral of r<"ir^r^_>^
late brother. GEORGE D. H. RECK TffW*
from our hall. TUESDAY, October /WGV
12, at 1:^0 p. m. By order _K3—^X
FRED KLEIN. C. C.
J. W. c. EEATTIE. K. of R. and S.
TEAMSTERS. ATTENTION— MenT ZrJ*T
brs of the Brotherhood of Team- r&J^\
Fter* sri- respectfully requested to lK5k3
attend their next regular meeting. WVjK/
which will be held THURSDAY >•__•
EVENING. October IT,, l»03, at Machinists'
Hall. 11T.9 Mission ft. Minutes of Joint con-
vection held in Niagara Falls. N. Y., to
eorr.e before this meeting.
m GEO. W. DILLON. Secretary-
BTOCKHOLDERS* MEETING — Notice Is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
nockholder* of The Bank of California will
\jfr held et the banklnje house in this city on
TUESDAY. October fl. 1S03. at 11 o'clock
a. m. Ey order of the board of directors.
AT.LKN M. CLAY. S^rretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED. — —
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided impiuvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Co.. Parrott bldr.*
AGENTS wanted — Apply Halprunner Medical
M;^. Co.. _S California st.. afternoons.
ADVICE FREE? ESTABLi_HED~22 YEARfi"
Divorcee a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law.
Open Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jescie 4711
orflcce en First Floor — Rooms 1, 2 3 4 and S
Jl?_ Market St., Between Mason and Taylor.
AlracEi Opposite "Hales" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc. ~"
Practice In Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy.
prosecutions, adjustment*, corporations, pat-
«fitr. cst-tr*. probate.
Experienced _nd Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
511 MIA. M1B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2326.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sti.
- ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
T.m. fcfi. «16 Market: tel. Red «*• bad ten-
• n*« ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
t'.cns attended to; attachments; corpcrationi
¦-rcanlzed; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. \V. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.
room 611; ;.:! cases, damages, estates wills"
cttachments, collections, etc.; cunniltatioii
Ire*-; no advance charges : caM or write-
«-vr-r.in_s by anointment. Tel. Red 3601. '
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
c-j£ caw, divorces, probate and all other law
attt; no fees In advance; open every even-
i <n_v j: m. thubston. «ia __i_et *%4
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
Inps. Vl~ Market *t.. room 801.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612
Pen -ctt bldg.
L. S. CLAHK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. «27 Mar-
kft rt.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN * AITKEN. attorneys. r». 309-10-11
<~lume bldg.. 503 California et.; tel. Main 72?!
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
*!¦•)-• rrurlnr-??. W. W. Davidson. 1)27 Market.
BOARD! \G FOR CHILDRE.V
WANTED— A child to board; private family
fvi"lh<T'g care. 15."6 Hyde ct. '
ni'SIM?SS CHA.\CES^
FOB fale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
jn the city's ewellest locality: partly furnish-
ed, and although Just opened Is over half
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; If you want an apartment-house don't
fail to pet particulars of this at room 1104
and I»i5. Call building.
$17rx>— MEAT market; good location; low rent;
rood cash business and large outside route;
no agents. For particulars address box 4407,
Call office.
$C00 — HOTEL and bar; beautiful trees and
flowers; a bargain on account of sickness.
Address JOSEPH POOL. Woodslde. Cal.
• PAPER route tor sale; clears $100 over ex-
pense*. Address Call Branch, box 838, Oak-
lapfl.
HOUSES TO LET. j
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you tlm« anj
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 24_-25» Geary
St.. on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house,
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Po-t ?t.
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
CHEAP furniture ot C-room house; 3 rocn.s
pay rent. _4C7 Minna st.
HOUSES WANTED FURNISHED.
WANTED— To rent for the winter or longer,
a furnished house of from 6 to 8 rooms and
situated north of California and east of
Fillmore: must be In good condition: be»t of
care guaranteed and highest references fur-
nlshorl. Box .'1511. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Lady's watch and fo». between Talni
and Seventh, en Market or Taylor sts: In-
itials L. M. S. on caae. Return to 757B
Howard st. ; reward.
LOST — On Saturday afternoon. Oct. 10. a pearl
horseshoe brooch. A liberal reward at 532
Market St.. fifth floor.
LOST — In downtown center, a colored dla—ram
In black frame. Return to room 81. Flood
building; reward.
LOST— Gold watch, with the initials I. 3.; $10
reward. lOCO Bryant St., cor. Eighteenth.
LOST — Sunday evening, pair gold-rlmmed sper-
tacles: reward. 2 Chatham place, off Bush st.
LOST — Gold watch; pin attached. Return 1720
Pine St.; liberal reward.
LOST — Black and tan deerhound: $5 reward.
1314 O'Farrell st.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Fan Francisco. In th»
r.ame of FREDERICK and AUGUSTA
O'NEILL. Nr,. 263-446. The finder will
please return to bar.k.
I FOUND— Female setter, yellow and white la
colcr. 117 I^ngton st.
{ FOUND — Fishlr.s smack. Apply 1 !_•» Day st..
i Alameda.
I IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
1 Watch Cas» Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs oid
I gold end silver to make new watch cases.
j .MEDICAL.
! SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red ."^21.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
a!l*diseases and disorders of women. Elegar.t
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all.
VALPEAU'S female p!"s; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. frasteur'a
syringe and tablets: price <— SO. By expr*«i
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh ar.<J
Brcadway. Oakland.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all fema!*
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Posit St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fcr all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 'i Market St., opp. 5th,
DR~G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor-
| tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. OocJwin. T^K Turk. nr. Van Ness — Hxpfrt
in obstetrics, female complaints: inat. relieC;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. expsr.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and durin;
confinement; best medical care; low fee«.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. K. Ftirke. 1416 Eighth at.. Alameda.
DR ROSEN, moved to 2305 Folsom st.. corner
26th; relief JlO; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DAV1ES and HINDOO HERBS;
t>riKlnal method of treatment. 112(1 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEK. 319 Powell St.. opposit*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINKUY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold must vacate February 1. 1901: sav»
I money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post. "
i i i i
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILER? engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIM-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. l'J5-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls »a.«v to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
EDISON & MELLUS star moving picture
fllms."*same as new. less than on»-half cost;
' JOT.O feet to select from. Novelty Theater.
] Oakland. Cal.
j A — Flae suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orlgl-
; nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2.'!8 Ksarny st..
I near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to r.oon.
! A— $3 50 DEREY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
I A — BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
' gines boilers water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
' etc. "WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
I FOR sale — Several tracts forest reserve at
, $4 75 rer acre; _oo<l title. H. A. COWAN.
i 110 South Broailway, Lcs Ans-ilcs. Cal.
j FRESH cows — Holstein. Durham. Jersey*:
springers, all graded: must t>e sold within 3
I days. 5-Mil.- H-use. Ml. s:on Head. Silver ave.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
I foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
.- charges. 11 3<1 st.. Exam. VUUi catalog, free.
' ONE pair solitaire diamond ear «crews; $275.
At W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st.
j FOR SALE— Self-adding cash register. $C3.
t _2O Railroad ave. ?outh.
3 « .AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 21-hand: al'
! sizes, new. E. 15. BECK .t •'<>.. l_2 Markn.
FOR sale — Four Great Dane pups, 5 weeks
old. Apply Call efficf.
BEST Burbank potatoes. $1 25 the sack, de-
livered: phene Grant 70: writ?, call: 115 Mkt.
SLOT machine — First-class cordltlfln: cheap.
Call or write, 1508 Seventh, Oakland.
NEW and second hand machinery of ait klnJa.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 519 Market «t.
I SAFES —^New and second-hand. THE HER-
; MANN SAFE CO.. 417-42:: Sacramento st.
j MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sal». rental;
i bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 1C9 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 1C#
Montgomery et. _
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammock*.
metal beds.mattre3ses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
! Edison phonographs, records, supplies. movtr._\
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine* automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices for buildings and take*
less time to wreck and remove. Office. NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011. •
WAXTED To purchase or rent one 10 to 12
horsepower motor. 110 volts. Box Call.
SMALL second-hand boiler and steam pump
for mine cheap. 1421 Point Lobos ave^
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market <t-: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TIT.TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIO price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
~ MONEY TO # LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~~~~~~~~~~
601-6C2-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing .directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates- and vndlvided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co. 68 and 60 Donohoe build-
ing. 1170 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 3 PER CENT **
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2 1 and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE la
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2193. Call office.
EpUCATIONAL---Conttnoed.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket 6t. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ehip. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual in-
gtructlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, -law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening pesslone. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering ;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, dec. inin.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1SG4. van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. ' Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
Bt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
Si' AXlSH,Frtnch.etc.Prof.DeFllippe's Academy
of Laniruases.320Post:eBtab'dlS71: ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gats
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINOTOX'S, 424 Pine st.. -Night class.
KENT Law School, day and night. 536 Par-
rott building; send for particulars.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc. : day or eve. : j>B mo. 105?* Mission. nr.Wth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Poet st.: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlfibes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In Th»
New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office! — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 V4 O'Karrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice ; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5189.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yean.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALES.
A COOK, young, strong, wants cooking only
at $30 a month; has 3 years' references last
place; can do German cooking; call or tele-
phone. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter at.,
near Powell.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Tel.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Putter st.
WANTED — Position as governess by an edu-
cated, experienced and cultured young
woman, having had normal trfJnlne and
holding kindergarten diploma. Box 410S, Call.
2 GIRLS wish nice homelike places to assist in
general housework. 8 Olive court, oft Union
street.
TWO girls wish homelike places for house-
work. 8 Olive court, oft Union sU
AMERICAN lady who is experienced and un-
derstands the management of hotel or first-
class rooming-house would like position as.
house-keeper; city references. Box HIM, Call.
POSITION wanted by. a good cook; references.
2207% Pine st^
A RELIABLE woman would act as companion
or housekeper for lady living alone; city ref-
erences. Box 4439. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants position;
sleep at home. 321 Grant ave.. room 42.
WINIFRED PHILLIPS, trained nurse, room
107. Hotel Netherland, IS Turk Bt. ; phone
Private Exchange C14.
POSITION wanted by a colored woman at
houserlcanlngr and laundry work. Address
Mrs. DONOVAN. 127 Second st.
2 GIRLS wish positions in a* nice family. 1016
De Haro St.. back of the City and County
Hospital. .
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. »'.33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
EXPERIENCED orchardist wants position to
do pruning or take charge of place; flrst-class
work guaranteed; old or new place to put in
cultivation. Address Orchardlst, C62 Mission
at., San Francisco.
MARRIED man wants position as electrician
and general mechanical work on gentleman's
place; 5 years last placed 1000 lights, storage
batteries, dynamoes ami motors. R. GRIM-
WOOD, Brooklyn ave.. East Oakland, Cal.
PHOTO operator, retoucher and air brush art-
ist from New York desires position. Address
4C5C. Call office.
YOUNG business man of this city wishes out-
door position, collector, etc.; references;
bonds, or cash security; any amount. Box
3470. Call office.
MAN and wife want positions on ranch; man
able to _»ndle ranch or stock farm; wife good
cook. Address box 836. Call office. Oakland.
GROCERY clerk. 17 years of age, 4 months'
experience, wishes steady position In retail
house; references. Box 3474, Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent stenographer, 4
years' experience: Remington operator; wages
$t5 upward. Box 3475, Call office.
YOUNG married man would like position as as-
sistant in oi'lice; good references. Box 4401,
Call office.
WANTED — A position as watchman or ship-
keeper on a vessel. Address F. FORD, 1916
Eleventh ave.. East Oakland, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker and pastry cook
wants position; city or country. Address box
4134. Call office.
YOUNG man with several years' experience
as salesman and collector, desires position
with good furniture house; references. W.
SAN FORD, 317 Leavenworth st
MACHINIST and engineer wants position; sin-
gle: age 27. Box 4082. Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position,
wholesale preferred. Box 4109, Call. . , : ¦
JAPANESE wantg situation In country; un-
derstands mtlking cows, driving horses,
¦ farming, gardening, etc. S. KATOH, 20
Lewis place, San Francisco.
CHINESE cook, thoroughly experienced, wishes
a position In private family; city or country;
can furnish best of references. 734 Jackson
et., room 21; phone bet. 10 and 12 a. m.,
John 1051.
WANTED — A position to do cooking in a pri-
vate family or boarding-house by a China boy.
CHONG WING. 002 Clay st., room 3.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation to do
cooking. Call at 832 Clay st., rear, Oakland.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants position:
loardlng house, hotel or restaurant. 33
Wcverly r!ate.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT to 6 HER CENT HIGH GRADE
' Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected fcr conservative investors.
Write for Information to • «
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
- Hayward Building.
, : - San Francisco. Cal.
PARTY will aell _. limited number of shares
of stock in a private manufacturing corpor-
ation doing a good business. Address box
3472, Call office.
FLATS TO LET. ¦
.A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
cervlce absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-258 Geary
it., en the square.
WASHINGTON, corner Lyon — Two new sunny
corner flats: upper 9 rooms and bath,
$5" 50; lower 7 rooms and billiard room.
$17 50; reception halls, separate entrances,
and the arrangement throughout same as pri-
vate residence; open for inspection from 0
to 12 and 1 to. 5.
GREEN, between Laguna and Buchanan — 3
new flats. 7 rooms and bath and finished at-
tic; marine view.
GROVE. 704— Upper corner flat of 7 rooms,
bath, storeroom; adults. E ASTON, ELD-
RIDGE ft CO.
GREEN. 2063 — Handsome sunny upper flat;
marine view; 7 rooms; bath on two floors;
rent $50.
FREDERICK, 228 — Modern upper flat of 6
rooms and bath; rent $30.
HAYES, 1753. near Park— Upper sunny flat of
4 rooms, bath; rent $16; water free.
McALLISTER. 331— Unfux. parlor floor: 4 rms.;
gas, bath, phone: $28; adults; before 3 p. m.
TEHAMA, 330 — A nice flat to let of 4 / rooms
and bath.
$18— 297A Shipley B t.. near Sixth; flat of 5
room3 and bath; nice yard; gunny.
FLATS TO LET-— FURNISHED.
NEW sunny 6-room flat; furniture in use only
six months; two blocks from Panhandle;
reasonable. Box 4C55. Call office.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
NEATLY furnished flat of six rooms and bath;
party leaving city; .will sell at a bargain;
rent reasonable. 862% Folsom st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. W0LLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 446_.
buy*, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpats.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1103 Mission; tel. Mint 2181.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mils'. L. II.
BURP. wuctlon?er,181S Mkt. :tel. Howard 27Bfi.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— FOUR waitresses for hotel in city, $25,
b<.ard and room; no uniforms. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell. -
A — WOItKING housekeeper, must cook some,
for gentleman's country place; references
necessary. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
Et., near Powell.
A— COOK. 3 in family, in San Mateo, $35; a
housemaid who can sew some, 3 In family.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at., nr. Powell
A — LALY'S maid who can sew. city place. $.10;
a chambermaid who can sew, for private
family, city, $25; a cook for small hospital,
city, (30; a cook for boarding-house, $:!0; a
nurse for one child aged 4, steady place,
city $:JO: a parlor maid and waitress, small
family In city. $30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St.. near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring,- etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to nil immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn alNbranches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest' wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to barn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.*. r. 13.
GIRL for sreneral housework, assist plain
cooking; wages $15. 1216Vs Golden Gate ave.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A GOOD vest operator wanted; only those who
are flrst-class need apply; a steady position
is guaranteed, with union hours and union
wages. Apply R. THOMAS, foreman vest
department, S. N. WOOD & CO.'S factory,
27 Geary st.
BEST experienced head trimmer for millinery;
will pay highest wages; also 2 second trim-
mers and trimmers for ready to wear. Ap-
ply 130 Sixth Bt.
WANTED— First-class stenographer: one fa-
miliar with the Smith Premier typewriter.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
. BROS."
A— WOMEN to take work home on ladles' and
children's underwear. . 656 Mission St., third
llcor.
WANTED— Good and. bright girl to take cars*
of 2 grown children and assist In upstairs
work. Apply 2000 Jackson st.
EXPERIENCED hand on dressmaking; one
who understands first-class work; also Im-
prover and an apprentice; paid. 411 Mason.
WANTED— Girl for general housework in small
fumlly: wages $20 to $25; references required.
Call 715 ficott st.. from 0 a. m. to 12.
GLOVEMAKERS— Experienced banders and
binders.; also apprentices; wages. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478 Parrott building.
WANTED— First-class alteration »-ands on
Jackets. Apply superintendent's office. The
I Emporium. -
A— OPERATORS on children's woolen coats and
suits; good pay. 056 Mission Et... third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay.
656 Mission st.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; gocd
pay. (J56 Mission St., third floor.
A — WOMEN to do embroidery work at horns;
bring sample. 050 Mission st.. third floor.
NEAT girl for cooking and general housework;
references; apply mornings. 1700 Baker st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on coats at
Baron's cloak and suit house. 7ta Market st.
GIRL for plain cooking and light housework.
1S24 Post st. __________________
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom ccats. Mur-
phy building. .1236 Market qt.. room 123.
GIRL for general housework; small familj;
wages $25; references. 1634 Fell st. .- -
VEST hands who can also make buttonholes.
0-11 \<, Stevenson st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing; wages $25. 1 Scott et.
WANTED — A woman for general housework;
short distance In country. Call 251'i Folsom.
YOUNG lady teach California -district school;
• Immediately. C. Esterly, 518 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— 6 finishers on coats; also one but-
ton-hole maker. 229 Stevenson St.. room 5.
NEAT young lady, experienced in delicatessen
line. Apply forenoon at 1521 Devlsadero st.
LUNCH waitresses wanted. 515 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 2 In fam-
| lly and baby. 530 Scott St.; car fare.
HELP WASTED — FE3IALE— - Con. I
WANTED— 3 cooks, $30-$35; man and wife. I
cook for men, $G0; parlor maid. $30; 4 second
girls. $20-$25; nurse, old lady. $25; girl for
delicatessen store,. $25 and found; German j
nurse girl. $30; 3 nurse girls, *20-$25; second
. girl. Burllngame, $25. see lady office to-day;
3 kitchen helper. Institute, country, $25; cham-
bermaid and waitress, $25; hotel and ,00
house girls, city and country places, too many
to advertise, at $20-$25-$30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT _ CO., 334 Sutter st. „.
A NURSE for Invalid, $25;" woman, light house
work, sleep home, $20; waitress. $30; second
girl, $25; 10 house girls. $30 each; 6 cooks,
$30 and $35: cook and second girl, same house,
$30 and $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GIRL for small family; housework and cooking.
1047 Powell St., after 9 a, in^
FINISHER on pants; also apprentice, paid
; while learning. 410. Kearny, r. 32. top floor.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde Bt.
GIRL for general housework, $25; call morn-
__ings. 2967 Howard et.
WANTED— First-class talloress; good pay.
DANZIGER. 522 Sutter st.
WANTED — A girl for light housework; apply
between 9 and 1. S310 Clay st.
TAILORESS wanted on toats. LINDNER
BROS., 20S Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses. 20 Third
street. ¦•_..•
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
GLOVEMAKERS — Experienced banders and
binders; also apprentices; wages. Carson
Glove Co.. 123 Second it.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front find Pacific sts.
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Lltho Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wagea.
Apply _t once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
BRIGHT, active woman for demonstrating;
good pay to right party. 231 Post Et., r. 5.
WANTED immediately — A commercial travel-
er. Box 4420, Call.
EXPERIENCED presser. Apply Dressmaking
Department. RAPHAEL WEILL & CO.
SKIRT and coat hands; also shopper and stock
girl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
' WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER. 1200 Geary.
, H E LP W ANTE D— -31 ALE.
AT C. R. Hansen & Co Employment Office
420 Bush st 642 Clay et.
Ship Daily This Week for Nevada.
100 laborers, Reno, Nevada ?2
100 laborers. Valmy, Nevada f-
100 laborers, Beowawe. Nevada $2
100 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada $'-
Board $4 60 per week
Absolutely free fare Of flee fee $1
For Willits, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Five laborers $2 25
For. llarln County, Cal.
Tunnelmen, muckers $2 25, $2 50
Trackmen, Santa Fe R. R S2 23
Absolutely free fare for all above.
Buttermaker, city, $60; tunnel foreman, $4 I
day, R. K. work; 2 arardeners, city, $30; 3
coopers, iilacK work, 9c each; milker, city.
$30; hack driver, $_5: hostler. ?:t5; middle
aged stableman, institution, $20; choreman,
others.
Meat and Dastry cook, country hotel, $75, !
see party here: cook and wife for a ranch. |
$60; man and wife, porter and cook, party
here, $50; broiler, hotel, city. $00: broiler ,
and third cook, country hotel, $50; cook, I
country hotel, $40; butcher and slaughterer. !
country, $35; errand boy, city club, $_0 j
month and board: kitchen hands, porters, ;
waiters, dish and pot washers, bell boys, '
$15 to $i5.
I C. It. HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agency
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
A young errand boy, this office, 429 Bush mi.
. \
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leidcsdorff st.
ASTORIA. OREGON near PORTLAND.
FEE $1. FARE $.1. FEE $1.
NO DISCOUNT. COMPANY WORK.
75 laborers, $51 found; _."> rockmen $59 found.
Go to A— S— T— O— R— I— A.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
CHICO— DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S WORK-
HALF FARE— FEE $1.
35 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and tunnel-
men. $2 25 to $2 75 a day.
Wagonmaker. 9 hours, country. $3 day.
5 miners, 8 hours NORTH. $1)0.
15 laborers you'll do. PART FARE PAID.
20 laborers] MANUFACTURING CO.
Near city. $1 25 fare, ?2 10 to $2 40 day.
150 men, different sawmills, yards, woods,
etc.. all over this STATE.
300 men. chop wood, cut ties, stave and shin-
gle bolt's, etc., all over STATE.
FOREMAN, extra pane, S. P. R. R. CO.,
SOUTH, $3 day, boss here.
Cook small country hotel, north, boss here,
$50 found; young man. private care 1 horse,
$.0 found; old man look after ranch.
5 muckers. NORTH. $75.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. OREGON.
20 coal miners. FREE FARE, $1 ton.
6 scraper teamsters with own teams. $3 50
day arid four.d, see boss here.
BIG TUNNEL. NEAR CITY. FEE $1. FREE
FARE* 20 muckera; 20 tunnelmen. $75; 10
laborer's PRIVATE R. R. near city, FEE
$1 long Job. 1 $2 day; waiters and dishwash-
ers, etc. Ca!l and see us. Read our bulle-
tin boards; also get a fre list of Jobs at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMBNT AGENCY.
_, 520 SACRAMENTO ST.
CAN washer, $40 to $G0; coachman and wife,
$50 to $00 and found; man and wife for
orchard, $60: Janitor for institution. $30 and
found: married man to care for place. $35;
married vlneyardlst on shares; 0-horse ranch
teamster. $3. T i and fare refunded; 3 boiler-
makers $3 65 day; sheep herder. $30 and
found; 'choreboy. private' family. $15 to $20
and lound; boy for planing mill, $1 day;
woodchoppTB. $1 50 and $2 cord, and oth-
ers J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st.— Gardener
and do chores, private place, near city. $.5;
milker and make butter, private place, $30;
dishwasher, near city. $20; second cook. $i5;
chef, | $100; and others.
A BRIGHT boy for coda fountain in candy
store- good opening for bright boy; $6 week.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 351 O'Farrell st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Elevator boy, $15; night clerk. $30.
' A MAN and wife, country. $C0; man and wife.
I city, $50. MRS. NORTON. 313 Slitter »t.
WANTED— Platen press feeder, one who has
had some experience on folding box press.
Mutual Llto. & L. Co.. Second and Bryant
pta. . Bryant-st. entrance. "
PRESSERS wanted at once at M. SIMINOFFS.
1228 Market St.: highest wages paid; steady
work guaranteed to good mechanics.
TO tailors — Fine chance to get old tailoring
i estab.; downtown; low rent; 2 years' lease.
Apply at once, box 4406,. Call office. t
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 ".0: we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
A GOOD.' strong boy wanted; $1 a d*y. Mu-
tual Lito. & L. Co., Second and Bryant ats. ;
Bryant-st. entrance.
WANTED — Boys about 14 to work In factory.
Apply at once. AMES _ HARRIS, 100 Sac-
ramento st.
j ERRAND boys — Steady positions; $17 50 a
! month. ROOS BROS.. Kearney at Post.
• TAILORS — Steady positions. ROOS BROS..
: Kearny St.. at Post.
1 BY wholesale house, boy to make himself use-
ful about office. Box 3471, Call office.
WANTED — A distributor. Apply the Electric
; Laundry. S37 Folsom st. ;
i ' .
DAY cashier. 29 Stockton st^
WANTED — Bill clerk, experienced, for whoie-
i sale house; salary $60. Box 702. Call.
, WANTED — Wire and metal worker. 751 Mis-
i slon st.
! WANTED — Platen press feeders. NE.* corner
Eighth and Brannan sts. ¦-.W^
YOUNG man. Email butcher shop. 16-10, as
i helper; good references. 502 Pest st.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market st.
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; 16 years. 533
Mission st.
A SHOEMAKER . on repairing. N. SUBKE,
326 Railroad ave. .South.
WANTED — Large boy. Apply H. LIEBES &
CO.. 137 Po«t st.
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work; good
wages. 17 Drumm st.
GOOD stenographer and typewriter for manu-
facturing house; country. .Rlalto bid.., r. 510.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. ; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
. persons for whom I hav« secured pensions.
HELP WAJfTEP— — MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1803 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. CO.UOO MEN WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA, OREGON.
NEVADA •"¦• : ¦ •
And all DOints North, East or South on
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; fre«
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES. TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
Minern all over State, $90 and $82 50.
L_ borers and muckers everywhere, $00, $«5
and $S2 50.
STABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands. $30, $35, $40 fd.
Milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 to
550 and found.
Choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc., 5"°-
19 stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $60.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
196 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
300 WOODCHOPPERS.
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50. $G0, $70, $S0, $90. $100.
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. : PORTERS^
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 fd.
Elevator and bell boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
Butcher shop, fare 30c. $40 found.
Second cook mine; 2 waiters. $40. $30. fd.
Cook and wife, ranch kitchen. $C0 found.
RTTTPHF *R CJ
14 butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MECHANICAL.
Cooper, factory 15c fare. $3 25 day.
8 painters, stripe, letter. $2 50 to $3 a day.
Cut-off sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
1G carpenters, free fare. $3 50 $3 day.
12 blacksmiths. $90. $75. found.
Varnish finishers
LOCATED" EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavat- j
ing. building etc.; many in San Francisco: I
lots to board homo. ?_. $2 25. $2 50. $2 75 j
day; 06 carmen and furnace men. $87 and j
$75. Positions not advertised.
COME— SEE. ;
Best Places at MURRAY & READY'S.
Blggc-st Wages at 634-636 Clay st. j
MIDNIGHT MAIL AND WIRE, !
ARIZONA
&03 MILES. PRESCOTT— MIDDLETOWN. j
ARIZONA. TO-DAY $1 50 FEE. |
6 slack coopers 9c; 5 cabinetmakers: IBS
woodsmen. FRESNO COUNTY.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, fare $2 SO, $75.
2 hydraulic miners. S. E. 53 a day.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company, $40 to $53 fd.
Planerman, free fare, L. Co.; $C3 found.
MARRIED.
Fanner and wife, cook in kitchen, boss
here. $G0 found.
Milker and wife, dairy. $50 found.
Milker. Los Angeles district, $35 found.
WANTED— J. ROSS, MACHINIST.
2 shinglers, straight work, "Cc M.
2 crosscut sawyers, lumber company, north,
$40 and found.
GOVERNMENT JOB.
2 cement finishers, 8 hours, $4 50 day.
_____________ •
BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
16 laborers FREE FARE. $35 to SSO and fd.
FRUIT PICKERS.
MARTSV1LLE. CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
Carpenters' helpers, laborers. teamsters,
drillers and other help, you go, $82 50, $75, |
f ti" 50.
2 experienced concrete men, curbing, $3 50.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
Co coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $3 a day.
VERY HURRA T & READY.
IMPORTANT. 6;S4-r.?.r, CTay st.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau. 17
Fourth st. — Keno. Nevada; free fare; ship
to-dny. Kr«?e fare to all points In Utah. Wa
ship every day to El Dorado County. Labor-
ers, enjrliifers, teamsters, timber fellers.
Caspar, Mtndoclno County, free fare to-day.
Laborer" and rockmen. city. Hundreds of
other Jobs in city and country. No strikes.
No fakes. Can Francisco Employment Bu-
reau. 17 Fourth »t.
WANTED — Saturday and Sunday Job regularly
In barber shop by a student at U. C. who
has had 8 years' experience. Address C. E.
D.. 2231 Blake st.. Berkeley; good reference.
BOY 16 years; gocd opportunity; steady posi-
tion. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Seccr.d st.
WANTED — An experienced porter for saloon.
ICO Sixth st.
' BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnishing
stote. 424 Kearny st.
I WANTED— A bootblack in barber shop. 209
I I.arkin st.
j WANTED — Oysterman. Apply 4C9 Seventh st,
Oakland. Cal.
DRUG clerk wanted: salary $25 a week; state
experience and references. Box 347H, Call.
BARBER sliop for sale; good location; tran-
sient trade. 22_ Eas>t st.
j BARBERS, attention — Bargain; 4 hydraulic
chairs, hotel fhep, with all latest improve-
ments; across the bay: lease: rent $15.
water; recelnts weekly ?S5 to $100: price
$550. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh at.
; TRY our men's shoes, ur.lcn made, at $1 and
$1 . r >0 per pair, foot-form shoe* at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $."5 T>O;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bids.. 5 doors from Market.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
! talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
| 477 und 4s8 Parrott building.
; WANTED — 3 men. pick and shovel. Four-
teenth ave. and N Bt. south; Kentucky-st.
j cars.
! 6TEADY German; refs.; tend bar. make him-
self useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
FOR SALE — One-half Interest in 2-chalr shop;
good shop. 1350 Howard st.
BARBER shop; old stand; must.be sold for any
offer. 229 Hayes st. •
i WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap- ;
I ply room 14, 2G Montgomery at.. San Fran-
i Cisco Construction Company.. j
YOUNG man to make himself generally useful
In gents' furnishing store. 535 Valencia st. |
BARBER trade taught In 6 weeks. Address
W. C. B., 647 Commercial st.
| GOOD strong boy to work In blacksmith shop.
; i:!__ San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
WANTED — Salesman to handle line sundries
In city and bay counties. Box 4413, Call.
BOY 16 years; good opportunity: steady posi-
tion. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
LADIES' TAILORS. ATTENTION!
You are hereby cordially Invited to attend :
a mass meeting of the Ladies' Tailors' Union :
of San Francisco, to be held on the 13th Inst..
at their headquarters. 417 Post st. for the
purpose of completing organization; no initia-
tion fees. J. MESSIER, Pres.
ROBT. HAINKE. Rec. Sec.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, cble-
bodled unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
good character; must speak, read and write '
English; marines verve at sea on men-of-
war In all part* of the world, on land In our ,
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal., and
401 K st.. Sacramento. Cal. {
WHY pay tig prices to have your shoea half- i
soled when you can get It done for 23e. 503 j
and 60c. while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
edded 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third et. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. «35 Clay st.
: ERRAND bey well recommended. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia at.
COATMAKER3 for country. Apply REIS3
BROS k CO.. 24 Sutter «t.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large atoclc of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
, PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
1 SAILOP.S and ordinary seamen for Europe and
! Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
j WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
1 ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
j free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
! ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
! price, f.63 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
i GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
j to 50c. 56.*: Mission St.. b*t. 1st and 2d sta.
j HORSES AND WAGONS."
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money.
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big stora.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
GRAY mare, 12 years .old; works single or
double; weight 1200: for $35. 2375 Post at.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Large!-. t assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
| rey.harness.work.drlvln_ horse3.15th-ValencU
Before engaging in a work where printer's Ink will aid
Consider well this paper's claims— It fortunes oft has made
For those who've used its columns in various lines of trade.
And many a business has it saved when sliding down the grade.
So stop and think the matter o'er, and you'll not go astray
If you get The .Call to help— let u« have your ad to-day.NAPA. Oct. 12.— A runaway occurred
here yesterday In which Sirs. George
Moss, a prominent resident, was serious
ly Injured.. A doe jump«d out suddenly
on the street and frishtened the horse
of William Kelly. The. animal shied and
threw out Kelly, overturning the buggy.
Kelly was not badly hurt.
Out Third street the horse ran and Into
the Asylum road. It smashed Into tha
carriage In which Mrs. George Moss was
riding. Mrt. Moss was thrown out and
badly cut about the face and head.
The frantic animal kept up tha rapid
pace into the asylum grounds and around
to the barn. The buggy was badly dam
aged. The physicians are unable to tell
at present how seriously Mrs. Moss Is
Injured.
Trick Automobilingr.
Although trick autamobllists can, be
found la France and England, this coun
try claims tha lead. Tha accomplishment
is peculiarly well adapted to American
genius. Another reason for the su
premacy of Americans U the greater
lightness of the American machines.
taken as a class, and their extreme sen
sitiveness and delicacy of control. It is,
of course, possible to do more with a light
car than with a Ijeavy French racer. An
other condition leading to the develop
ment of trick chauffeurs In America Is tha
encouragement given by the manufactur
ers, who favor trials of skill because they
serve to exhibit machines and demon
strate to possible purchasers the lightness
and facility with which automobiles may
be controlled.
There are several tricks which may be
classed as favorites anior.gr chauffeurs.
They are all extremely difficult, but the
one which more nearly borders on th«
marvelous U the watch trick. Only the
most expert chauffeurs attempt it, as the
cost of failure Is the cost of a watch. To
drive an automobile against an open
watch, to back It and expect to stop the
heavy machine just in time to spare the
watch, seems Impossible, but the feat has
often been performed — Leslie's Weekly.
John Eliot's Indian Bible, of 1665. was
on exhibition at the woman's board meet
ing In Boston, having been loaned by th«
town of Nantlck. by -which it is owned.
The book is in an excellent state of pres
ervation. Twq other copies of this Bible
are in existence, one In Connecticut, tha
other in Europe.
Runaway Animal Causes a
Disaster on the State
Asylum Road.
Napa County Woman Is
Severely Injured in
an Accident.
Cbarles G. and May C Hooker to John L.
and ' Sophia : M. D. Scfaeper, lot oa E lin* of
Polk street, 27:6 N of Filbert, X 27:5 by E
70; $10.
. Elizabeth Brown to Georre F. Norton, lot on
SW corner of Green and PoDc streeta. 8 23:6
by W S4:6;also lot on S lin* of -Lombard
street. S4 E of Gough, E 111:10. SB 6S:7V£.
SW 82:11%. NW 5tt:S, N 17:67 E 3, N 6d:6;
gift. •
Charles G. and Dorothea A. ' Gebhardt to
Frank A. Loeh, lot on S line of Eddy street.
67:0 E of Franklin. E 27:6 by S 120; $10,
Katherlne E.. Jenny and Elisabeth Sandmaa
to John Bollman. lot on N Una of Pine street.
150:3 E of Webster. B 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Frank and . Elizabeth A. Telchm&nn to Edith
M. Richards (wife of H. C). lot on 3 line of
Bush street, 106:9 W of Buchanan, W 9 inches
by S 137:6; $10.
Elizabeth Blsbee to Benjamin Williams, lot
on N , line of Geary street. 165 W of Buchanan,
W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
' Frederick P. and Minnie Plagemann to Mer
ton S. Prlc*. lot oa NW corner of Fell and
Flilmore streets, N 100 by W 51:3; $10.
Mary A. ' and Eugene N. Fritz to Mary A.
Genninger. lot on W line of De Long avenue.
490 S of Frederick street.. S 25 by W 80; $10.
William Geddes to Marie O. Geddes . (wife),
lot on, N line of Halght street. 36:6 E of
Shrader. E 25 by N llx>; also lot on NB corner
of Eighth avenue and J street, E 6» by N 100;
»«ift. .
Ellna G. White (wife of W. J. H.> to Albert
Maltman. lot on E line of Pierce street, 9O S
of Waller, S 26 by E 91:3. lot £, block 1 Ma
rion Tract; $10.
: Mary V. and Daniel Foley to iloee* Davla.
lot on NW line of Harrison street. 109 SW of
Tenth, SW 27:6 by NW 137:6; $10.
Moses Davis to Thomas Glllman. undivided
one-third of same: S10.
Samuel D. and Emma Magnes and Mathew
D. and Minnie H. Brown to James W. Hender
son, lot on W line of Fplsom street, 60 N of
Eighteenth. N 50 by W 100; $10.
Elizabeth Morrison to Waldemar S. E. and
Marie C. C. Jorgensen, lot on W line of Capp
street, l©0 S of Eighteenth. S 30 by W 122:6;
i$10.
Nicholas. Mathilda. Henry and Catherine M.
: Ohland t. John A. and Mary M. Buck to Helen
L. Smith, lot on E line of Capp street. 1C0 S of
Twentieth. S 40 by E 120: $10.
William R. Whittler, Lottie J. Bothln (wife
of Henry E.) and Mattie S. -Weir (Whittler)
(wife of W. B.) to Nicholas and Henry Ohlandt
and John A. Buck, lot on S line of Twentieth
street, 00 E of Capp, £ 155, 9 120. W 123. S 20.
W 120, N 40. E 90. N 100; $10.
Charles and Elizabeth J. Durner to Joseph
E. and Mary A. F. Swift, lot on W line of Lan
ders street. 20) :6 N cf Sixteenth, N SO by W
125; $10.
James C. and Catherine E. Fraser to George
Schemer, lot on E line of Sanchez street,
2S4:7% N of Sixteenth. N 25 by E 125; $10.
William J. and Virginia R. Dlngee to Charles
& Gebhardt. lot on N line of Geary street, 40:6
E of Grant avenue. E 40:lVi; N 62:6. W 0:7%.
S 2:6, W 39:6, S 60; $10.
L. E. and Elizabeth M. Boardman to A. W.
Pattlani and W. O. Henshaw. lot on SE corner
of Bush and Leavenworth streets, E 95 by S
137:6: $10.
Claus and Anna C. Spreckels to Jacob Stern,
lot on SE line of Market street. 130:l*£ NE of
Seventh. SE 165:1 by NE 75. quitclaim deed; $5.
James D. Fhelan to same. same. Quitclaim
deed; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Pacific
Improvement Company, lot on SE corner of
Twentieth and Kentucky streets. E 100, S to
charter line of 1S51. W to Kentucky, N to be
ginning; $ .
Same to same, lot commencing at point on
center line of Precita Valley 411 equidistant,
100 from Kentucky and Illinois streets and 70
N of Twentieth, N 25 by E 25; $^ .
Elsie A. Leicester to Sophie McKay, lot on
S line of Clement street, 34:7 E of Sixteenth
avenue. E €5:5. S 10O. E 25. S 100, W 25. S 25,
W 3O. NW to beginning: $10.
Henry R. Borden to Elsie A. Leicester. lot
on SW corner of Thirtieth and Point Lobos
avenues. S 125 by W 60; also lot on W line
of Thirty-first avenue 125 S of Point Lobos
avenue. S 45. W 223. NW 45:6. E 227:6: also
lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue. 0:2 E
of Thirty-second avenue, E 59:10 S 125- W
47:6. NW 123; also lot on S Hn« of Clement
street. 34:7 E of Sixteenth avenue. E 65:5, S
100. E 25. S 1C0. W 25. S 25, W 30. NW-to
beginning: $10.
Felix H. ¦ Irvine, to Solomon G*tz. lot on E
line of Forty-ninth avenue. 137:6 S of K
street. S 25 by D 120; $10.
John Nelson to David Atkinson, lot on NE
line of Seventh avenue. 300 SE of L street.
9E 50 by NE 100. lot 175. Central Park Home
stead Association, quitclaim deed;'$10. -
Hannah L. Brown to R. E. Ragland. lot on
SW line of Masonic • avenue (EpnteinV 125 NW
of Piedmont (St. Marys), NW 25 by SW
,116:5%. portion block 3. Flint Tract Home
stead Association; $10.
R. E. Ragland to Lucy C. Ragland, same;
$10.
Alfred Olson, alias Olsen. and Katharlna W.
Olson lot on SE line of Mission street. 55 NE
of Cortland avenue. NE 25 by SE 108:6, Cbbb
Tract; flO.
Elizabeth A. Brown to George F. Norton,
lot In Laurel HIH Cemetery; gift.
, Odd Fellows" Cemetery Association to Susie
P. Mohr. lot in cemetery; $160.
Same to Charles H. Eagehorn. lot in, ceme
tery; $165.
BEAT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HORSE CRASHES
INTO A CARRIAGE
THE SAN rEANCISCO;CALIi, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13. 1903.
13
AmOXE^ TO LOAN— -Cwwtlnoe'd.
HIGHLY wpectable private place to obtain
liberaj advs.=ce« on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry £t ore - S4b
Market tt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants team*terf. beardinr-houses. without
eecunti-: «ao ra>is«»; ta 57 t I J > JS£: e SA a
4« principal c:t.<-«. Tolrr.an, £53 Parrott bldg.
THE Open C*s£& Afsn. makes advances to re-
eponelble salaried people, confidentially: new
and eUrnle p'-*": ea*y 1 r.staUmer.ts. Room
50. Acadtrr.y cf Scler.ee*. S19 Market st.
.\ i per c*st cr. furniture or piano; no remov-
al; no commlfficn. r.o publicity ;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential 26 Montgomery, ra. 7.
MITVICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. I«J Grant ave.,
* LOA.VS FROM »1 TO f 10, 000.
- HONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver.
diamoni* yezrU and Fredous etones bought
; at W. J. 'kF- c TIIAL'S. IP Sixth et.
S. F. DISCO l"NT AGENCY — Leans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOr?LEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON fumlturf, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK,
1003 M'Jtua; i?«vtngs Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
MONET 1-tir.M to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth Cocr. Chronicle bld«.
Z% ON furrltur* & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. THE MA IN. rocm SI. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loe.r» on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
nso. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
BTAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans money to
•V.&ried employee. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leased salaried people en notes without
U-A^r-^r. MfiRRKLL. W>9 Examiner bldr.
MISICAL ISSTRCMEXTS.
ABSOLUTELY LOWEST PRICES AND BEST
f5S uSS'^:::::;::::;-::: $ S
Sherman 6 Hyde, ujright 123
• MatnsfelSt & Hotni. beautiful curly wal 1*3
Chickerin*- 155
2 Fteinway uprights, large, email . .tlGS 300
f 2 Heine uprt#ht#. large and small, us»d
I less than 5 years $222 3S5
Aad 200 others. Squares from $10 up.
Rents. $2 up. apply on purchase: install-
ments as lew as $4. HEINE PIANO CO..
• 235-237 G*ary et. Only manufacturers and
largest exchi*!v« wholesale and retail deal-
crg wett of Chicago.
RENTING U cur *p»<-ia!ry- (~ up. «rr<y oa i
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 G?ary.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We ray no rent, as we own tke bclldlnf.
The only reason we advertise i« to let you
know »•*• rear the bost piano in the city for $3
per TSosth. Now we can s*;i you one just the
vas^e. Our expecfi^s are bo very much less
than Btber 2rcr.«, wty not investigate our prices
and ccrr.rare role*? Invest 5c carfare and eave
from $75 to $150 en a piano. SCOTT-CURT AZ
PIANO CO.. 5U>-C!-C4 Hayes Et.
WHILE low rr:res are the fashion you will
; • : that w«r are giving the most for the
money of ar.y trm In the city. No better ln-
unimenti than the Baumeifter, Schubert cr
H-(vjsrd are ce*d<?d by anybody, and you can-
net a!7ord to buy until they have been ex-
amined. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC
CO.. IP Market ft.
A FEW good upright bargains from $5O up. In-
cluding euf-h make* as Chickerir,g. Mason &
Hamlln. Vos*. Sterling. Curtaz. K:r'i<man.
Hain^s. We«er, Pease and others. BENJ.
CUUTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell st. No
branches in San Francisco.
THE crra:«-st orportuxity ever offered" In San
. FrancUco to pet a pood reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacriSce any In-
strument for cafh or installments. Call or
write for pric*s and terms at ccce. KOHLER
* CHAFE. Established 1S5O. SO O'Farrell.
BAND ir.ftrumects : F. Beeson, Parts, maker;
Gus MaiwaM. Art. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
ekillful repairing; 2d-nacd Instruments sold.
A STECK & GABLER upright, nearly new,
cb»ap: a snap. HORNTXG. 216 McAllister.
RARE chance: c&Ah or j.ayrsents; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister St.
tcr»de«r.e<5 storage pianos and furniture dirt
. cheap. Whltt head's Storage. 1C36 Market st.
EEAUTIFTL 3-r*<Ia! Stcinway upright piano;
. perfect crder; sacrifice. KeeCe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
BOKMER Byron Maury piano* Cecilian ptano
player. " BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post et.
eTUPETUOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLEU. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICK* AXD STORES TO LET.
6TORE with large basement; below Kearny
•t.; rert $30. Apply 63C Clay et.. roesi 1.
|33— TO let; grocery corner; five living rooms;
now vacant. Key. 23i»4 Fulton rt.
riPEBHAXCIAG, PArXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS paj>ere<l. $3 50 up; tlntlaK. painting.
Hartir.a.nn Palct Co.. 319 Sd gt,;tel.Maln 413.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES P.EMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and fiabby ekla, birthmarks,
esiaUpGX jiittlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved wlthcut cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; spectai demonstrations thi« week.
Call ct write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
SIR. VALENTINO NERIO. 810 Sixth St., bejs
to announce to whom it may concern that his
- residence is at present at 23 Freelon St., be-
tween Bryant and Brannan. Third and Fourth
streets.
THE Etar Hair Remedy renteres gray hair, im-
prove* it* growth, stops falling, cures dandruS
and itrhtr.g ecalp; no "tain or etickineM;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,133S Pclk.
PATRIOTS c-sir-.ng President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia speeches can have same e«it to their
l, addree* by remJtung 12 cents. V. THOMP-
~ SON. 251 Grant ave.. San Francisco, Ca!.
BRAUX — Professor Martin, graduate masseur
cf the Icii*rial University Hospital. Vienna.
Offte* 224 Ptarr King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Excfcanje 21C
NOT fccw cheap bat hew good is the niotto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agtnt. IC21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocoa in«? habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
crrner Suttfr ft.; ire rr.r,<jerate.
TO Whom It May Concern— I will not be r*-
eponiiible for any debts ccr.tractel by ray
ulfe, Agnes Halk, after thlx date. October 12,
iya. < Signed) JOHN A. HALK.
LICUOR habit cured. W» guarantee to cure
the llgucr habit In 2 days or r.a charge*.
Acme Ltoaor Cure Co.. 931 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
et»>* positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1SJ9 Poik <rt.; consultation free; call or write.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Eunday evenings at Teutoula Hall. Howard
rt.. vtT Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
r.EMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON' has re-
moved Ms c.8c« from 2255 Mlsficn st. to
room» 573 ar.d 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT les* than cort. uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trocar* at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market «.
ELEGANT *uiu on easy Installments ; 50 cents
and us cer we*k. LEON LEMOS, 1127
Market et., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON — Qegar.t theatrical and masquer-
ade coeturces rented. 29 O'Farrtll st.
EUITS to crier en Installments, tl per week.
Neuhaus >* Co.. merch-'ailers, 727-723 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by eiec-
trio needle. Dr. 4 Mr».Trav*r«,1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
TAILOR-MADE fuit $7 50; dress pacts f2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orderg. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores RTay
hair to its natural color: 91; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric n- <•.:(... Mrs. & Hit* Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A WEEK'S newi for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
It ox** •" ymrp»T. try rratlinr. tl p^r y»«r.
PIA.\OS A3ED ORGAJTS.
PART cf cur list of barralns in eecocd-hana
. pianos for September. 1303:
Af' g* *• a t
2 BARNES A SOX— ,. **"*' N ° W '
"Walnut cases, larr* els*, colonial
style, thr»e r*<ia;s. 7 1-3 octaves,
equal to new S3S0 1273
1 EMERSON—
Wal cut case, cabinet grand,
caned panels. 7 1-3 octtves. three
ptAa'.s, m toe condition, slightly
need 450 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand.
very latest design and finish nearly
n*w ; * 430 300
1 SOHMER—
Mahcgaoy cas*. medium elxe. full
twinsrmjr c"e*k. 7 1-3 octaves, thor- .
oughiy renovated and equal to new. 500 323
Rosewood case, fancy carved,
terrert eize. 7 1-3 octaves, la ex-
reilent condition <J50. gjg
1 Bradbury —
Rosewood case, large eize. 7 1-3
octave*, thoroughly renovated aad
\ equal to new ; 50o «*/}
1 Bradbury—
Red oak case, cabinet grand.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new -. 500 S25
Complete Met rurnishM en applieatlem at cur
gUfrt. • SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Comer Kearnj aai gutter ets.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnt urn.
HYDE. 1000»4. corner Pine— Sunny, furnished
,• room*. " $6 50:' gentleman. l
JESSIE, 363, east of U.S. Mint — Furnished
- rooms; $5 per-month. - '
LAGUNA and: McAllister. Et. James flat — Sun-
. ny single room. ¦""¦¦• ' . .-
MINNIE; 545-rSunny front room for one or
two gentlemen,;* reasonable. ¦ . .'....-
NATOMA. 102. corner of Second — Nice, sunny,
furnished front single rooms; $1 •week. -: '.
PLEASANT, 79, oft Jones, bet. Clay and Sacra-
mento— Single furnished front room; no other
roomers. ¦ r ¦ "¦"¦ -
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to -$r 50; week. $2
to $8; month,- $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 622— Sunny*"" front rooms, - with" pri-
vate bath; rates reasonable. . •
SUTTER, 1115— Lovely furnished front room.
all conveniences,^ rent reasonable; also hskp..
THE FALMOUTH,"i049A Market et.; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
THE Gillespie. IIS 9th— Furn. rms., $1 50-$2 50
wk.; also transient rms., BOc to 75c per night.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
I 400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $0 w^ek: elevator: electric lights;
reading-room: free bus and baggage. .
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 60 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
«Iec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmorc.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has. been established at 1009
Valfncla st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
STEVENEON^ansIon, 807 California st At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service;, lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny.
tultes; single rooms; choice locality: ref. "
COL'XTRY BOARD WANTED.
A GENTLEMAN wishes board In private fam-
ily, town or ranch, within easy reach of San
Francisco; comfortable and quiet place. , Ad-
dress stating particulars and terms, box 4435,
Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME ae wing ' machine, thii week only,
$10 $15, $20; slightly used: needles 20c doa.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market St.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 201 Sutter st. •
SPECIAL XOTICES.
Ladles I Chlchester"s English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4a
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co,. Philadelphia. Pa.
STABLES TO LET. ~
COAL yard, stable and office. Third st. and
Sherwood place, bet. Mission and Howard;
STOlUGE^AXpj^EnoiUSES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.; near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; teL Prlv. Ex. 571.
CON'KLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC -Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STl'TTEltDG AXD STAMMEBPtQ.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine; Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT-BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 Callfornla;telephone Main 26&
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticular*. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
. gomery st. . „'. . ...,
2D-HAND typewriters » sold, renled. repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ingpec. Co.. 503 Market.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTENSION OF PROTEST— CAPTAIN H. '
SCHWEGMANN, master of the Elafleth ship
"Industrie" (N. F. T. L.), will extend his
protest on THURSDAY. October 15. 1903,
at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the office of the Im-
perial German Consulate In this city (319
Sacramento St.). San Francisco. October 15,
1003. HEYER, Imperial German Acting
Consul. "' |
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, CaL, j
October 13, lOO-'J — Sealed proposals . for fur- :
nifhir.g and delivering of such quantities of '¦
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or vharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office. "will be receivad - here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Saturday, 'October 24, 1903, and opened
immediately I thereafter, In presence of bld-
iler*. Specifications, general Instructions to
bidders, and* blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on appllca-
tlon to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
John J..Kinsella. 21, 4239 Nineteenth street,
and Kitty Traeey. 18, 111? Howard street.
Henry A. Allen. 34. 100 Fifth street, and
Grace Hamilton. 35, Fruitvale.
SIgfried K. Herzog, 21. San Rafael, and Re-
becca R. Lobree. IS. .1109 Turk street.
Emile Durand, 23, 812 Third street, and Del-
phine Trinquier. 24, 22 IS Pine street.
Benlgno Anzlnl. 20, Marshall. Cal.. and
Clella L. Berri. IS, Marshall, Cal.
1 Luclua A. Hatch. 21. Kansas City. Mo., and
Fanny F. Caroll. 19, Kansas City.- Mo.
Harry GHck, 34, 2U3 O'Farrell street, and
Rae Goldstein. 25. 1315 Turk street,
Frederick C. Matzka, 29, 522 Ellis street, and
Etta Hoover. 24. 311 Leavenworth street. ~
George L. McGraw, 21, Detroit. Mich., and
Emilia L. Marquett, 21. Kings City, Cal.
Joseph H. Thomas, 30, IS Mason street," and
Mabel B. Green. IS. 405 Kearny street.
Frank J. Huebsch,* 30. Eau Claire, Wls., and
Adele Meislng, 21. 236 Corbett road.
Marcel Hauret. 23, 423 H Turk street, and
Blanche Hardy. 21, 124 Williams street.
Wilfred A. Trow, 23, city, and Flora B.
Riley, 22. city.
Frank Clark^ 23. Oakland, and < Daisy L.
Mlze, IS Vacavllle, Cal.' - •
Louts J. Decker, 21, 843 Mississippi street,
and Emily Stevenson, 20, 343 Mississippi st. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and • death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with th« name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERGER— In this city, October 2, 1903, to the
wife of George :J. Berger, -a son. ,
GREENEWALD— In Sacramento. October 10,
1903, to the wife of Charles Greenewald (nee
Conn of San Francisco), a daughter.
IIENSLEY— In this city, 1 October 11, 1903, to
the wife of G. A. Hensley, a son. t >,. .
NEWBAUER— In thU city, October 0,1903, to
the wife of Jesse Newbauer, a son.
NIEMANN^-In this city, October* 11, 1903, to
¦ the wife of .William NIemann. twin sons.
POND— In ' this city, October 11. 1903, to the
wife ot Dr. Gardner Perry, Pond, a son.
~~MABBIEI).
SCHREIBER— SCHALLICH— In this city. Oc-
tober 10, 1903. by the Rev. Alfred Meyer,
Paul Herman Schreiber ; and Mrs. - Sophie
Schalllch. both of San ¦ Francisco. ¦ v -¦• --.¦ -.ty
_______
Boone, E.Daniel Parks. James F.
Burg, Sophia ¦ . Prendergast, . Martin
Charller. Carl V * Reck. George D. . H.
Coffin,- Mrs. Deborah " Ree*. . Infant . ..
Crossman. Levina .-Rookard. Mary L. ,
.Henney. Maggie K. ¦ Ross, , Sallie L.-
Howe, ( Edward B. SeabrJght. William
- ¦ Johnson, Lillian • M. Shlllcock, Hester M.
Jones, Albert • W. Eimonds, Rev.Samuel
' Jordan, Dennis" < Smith,.; Capt.. J. J.-
Kelly. Anna • Wall In. Andrew
Kelly, Mary Zeh. Nellie R.
McCooey, James Zobel, Ludwig *'
. Murphy. ¦ Lillian A.
BOONE— In . this' city. , October 12, 1903,. E.
; Daniel Boone, a native of Kentucky, aged 61
MET Notice of funeral ' hereafter.
BURG4-In : this city, = October . 12, < 1903, at i her
• residence, 161 Corbett' avenue, Sophia Burg
dearly beloved '¦ wife of , Ole . Burg, beloved
- mother. of Sau fas Burg, : and sister of Samuel
"; Oscar, a native of Norway, aged 32 years and
: 3. months. ij»8^Etap|
CHARLIER— In this : city, October ; 9. 1903.
•v Carl Charller of Crockett. Cal., . a' native of
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
SX/\TEA\13INX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
\OF THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY*
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, oa th« 31st
day of December, A. D. 1902. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner cf the State of. Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections CO
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. .:„»'...—
Real Estate owned by Company.. |4Zj,S54 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks •
and Bonds owned by Company.. 877.225 00
Cash in Company's Office ' ,3?S fi
Cash in Banks •- 102,688 83
Interest due and accrued on aU „-__..
Stocks and Loans 10,337 49
Premiums in due Course of Collec- ,____,
tlon •• 1«7.B79 74
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks S4S 08
Due from other Companies for Re-
• insurance on losses already paid. 0.108 CO
Total Assets .$1.698.411 27
LIABILITIES. - ""
Losses adjusted and unpaid $37,372 87
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 69.879 83
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 7,600 63
Gross premiums on Fire RUks run-
ning one year or less, $753,166 89;
reinsurance CO per cent 378,533 23
Gross premiums on Fir» Risks run-
¦ ning more than one year. $327.- , ¦
467 08* reinsurance pro rata... 440,077 82
All other liabilities 70.314 M
Total • Liabilities $998.029 01
INCOME.
Net-cash actually received *«-.,,_„
Fire premiums $1,041,163 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on* Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources. . ff/JI* Si
Received for Rents .............. ' 10,8*4 20
Received for profits oa realization
of investments .... i ••' ' WBo 57
:." Total Income .$i;iOg.Cll 37
EXPENDITURES. " ~~
Net amount oald for Fire Losses
* (Including $15«.651 19. losses of V
previous years) .... $596,609 44
Paid or allowed for Commission or
' Brokerage •• ".— •••• 23J> ' 14 * w
VtLiA for Salaries, Fees and other
ch arges iVTol fleers, clerks, etc. . 82,065 57
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes ......».«*-•»"-•••-• 23,815 89
All other payments and expend!- _ •
tur«a ..-• • fr*"** 3 ra
Total Expenditures $1.007.531 82
Fire. ~
Lcses incurred during the year.. $541.178 01
RUks ¦: and Premlums-jFlre Risks. Premiums.'
— ¦ ~— *™* ¦¦ I ~—^ """"^""^ "™ ~— »^™^™"»"»
Net amount of Risks ¦ -
written during the
year :.: -••-• $131,808,558 $1,453,388 33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ¦¦ •-"-
year 14*130.727 1.668,194 39
Net amount • la force „
December 31. 1902.. 154.158.9S1 1.580,633 67
• " ¦ - r CHA8. H. PO8T. U., S. Manaxer.
N. A. 'McNEIL. Asst. : Manager. *
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of January. 1903. H. E. FRANCK. .
Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
THOS. J. GONROY, Manager, J
GEO. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager,
' 323 CAUFOSNIA STBZET,
SAN FRANCISCO^
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific. Coast Directors.
PALMISTRY.
MICE. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
e'.st. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to fi, and Tuesday erenlngs. 133 Post «t-
H. JEROME FOSELLI scientific palmist, 013
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black Ml.
PM VS1CIAAS AXD SURGEONS.
DB. C C. O'DONNELL-7-Offlce and residence,
1U21H Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market St. '
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Major.; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONQ PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures ail diseases of human
by use cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington su
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay «t.
REAL. ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
SPECK A -CO..
€67 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT
COLLECTORS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
WESTEItN' ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — Annual rents $5172; beautiful modern
buildir.g; lot 87x&5; pays over 10 per
cent; rents $431.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
150,000—137:6x137:6; substantial improve-
ments; insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at m per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
SECOXD-ST. CORNER.
$4!. 000 — On« and a half blocks from Market
et.; 47 feet front; cheapest downtown
corner to be had near Market St.; a
chance to make a turn at good advance.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$40,000— Let h2x275; 2 frontages; lOtt rocms;
rents $35O; 1 tenant; can be* easily
leased at $400.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.
123.500 — Golden Gate, near Van Ness ave.:
42x120; 2 frontages; rents $144; rents
can be Increased to $170; fine site for
apartment house.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000 — Stores and lodging-house; rents $1C5:
lot ao ft. frontage; pays over 8 per cent.
$1S,500 — Vicinity Haight and Scott; 6S:»x
» 137:6: fine improvements; rents $140 a
month.
PANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$17,500 — Business ccrner; stores, basement and
:;»r above; rents $163; pays 11 per
cent.
OCTAVH.-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17,500 — Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
6 bedroom?; lot 39x137:6 feet.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16.500 — O'Farrell Et., east of Van Nees; pays
10 per cent net by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120
fe«t; 2 frontages.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
$15,000 — Modern 12-room residence; marine
view; building alone coat more than
price asked: lot 4oxl2S feet.
P1NE-ST. CORNER.
$12,500— Southeast corner Pine and Webster
ets.; 02:6x100; splendid site for flats.
• ELEVENTH ST.
$13,500—50x200 feet; 2 fixntages; old Improve-
ments; fine site for storage, drayage or
automobile garage purposes.
$7,000 — Three good fiats In Mission; rents $65
¦ e. month.
$6,500 — Three fine Cats; vicinity Eighteenth
and Castro; rents $58 a month; lot
25x125.
f 5,000 — Four good Cats In Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.-
$5,500 — Washington St.. near Spruce; lot
S0xl27:bi«: worth S9OUU; want oiler.
$2,€50 — New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1.40O — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park;
25xluu feet. ¦ -¦
SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market st.
EASTON. EL&RIDGE & CO., "
633 MARKET" ST.
$24,000 — Third-st. cor. rents $125 month; should
be $l£0; splendid location for new Im-
irovernents; this Is one of the only cor-
ners on Third et. for sale and will dou-
ble in value in a short time; new plumb-
ing-, etc ; nicrtgage of $15,000 can remain
at C per cent.
$1S,000 — Rents J175 a month; new building-, con-
taining 2 large stores and 2' elegant flats
of •> rooms and bath each; fine business
. corner in the Western Addition; lot
35x100 feet.
$12,000 — Rents $125 a month; business corner
on Fremont St.; store and 3 fine houses
of 7-8 and 16 rocms; lot 43x02:0 feet.
$1S,000 — Webster St.. near Hayes; 75 ft. front-
age; 4 elegant bay- window houses of 6-7
rooms and bath; at a slight expense this
property could, be made to pay hand-
somely on the investment; present in-
come $11»>4 a year.
$&,750— Iterts $1020 a year; 2 swell flats of
8-8 rocms, porcelain bath; most elegantly
finished: on Jack?cn at., near Jones;
25xll2:« feet. ..
$t).75O — Jones st., -near Jackson. 47 feet front-
£gt-s; 2 fiats of 5-ti rooms and bath; also
2-vtory house cf 10 rooms and bath;
rents $S40 a year.
$7,75<» — Two swell modern fiats cf 5-6 rooms
and bath; bawment and electric lighting
throughout; rents $65 month; larjce let.
S2xllO feet; sunny eide of street; on
Pine st. ; mortgage cf $3500 can remain
at 6 per cent.
$C,250 — Reduced from *7500; 2 modern bay-
window flats of 6-7 rooms and bath; rent
$370 year; en Buchanan st., near Union.
JG, 000— Biggest bargain on Golden Gate ave.:
3 bay-window .flats cf 4-5-tS rooms and
bath; sunny side of street; rents $624 a
year; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$3,000 — Rents $504 year; three beautiful mod-
ern Oats of 4 rooms and bath; nine foot
basement, with gas, concrete bulkhead
and foundation; 30 feet frontage; owner
compelled to eell; near Jones and Union.
$4,000 — This property must absolutely be sold
I this week; substantial building, contain-
ing store and flat of 7 rooms; the rents
&re S47 ZM a month and could be in-
creased: established grocery doing a fine
busin«5e; near 4th and Harrison sts.
$4,C00 — Leavenworth st. ; grand little bargain;
2 flats and stable in rear; rents very
low for $37 50 a month; 2 frontages;
eplendld surroundings.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63-S Market. st.
$1-100 — MODERN cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
city water: lot 50x100; $150 cash, 125 month.
J40O — Lot 40x133; near electric cars.
$450 — Cabin. 1 room; lot 32x125, nr. station.
$1750 — Cottage Just built; 5 rooms, bath,
basement; lot ."J5xlOO: easy payments.
J.T50 — Lnt 40x100; fenced; $10 month.
J :.-'"> — Ccttage, 5 rooms; lot 35x100; eacy
payment*.
J12C0 — House. 5 rocms, barn, well; macad.
$1500 — 5-room cottage: redwood finish; elec-
tnc lights; hot and cold water; easy pay-
ments.
I $2500 — A natural park of about 1 acre, with
fine oak trees, ravine and superb views; near
university grounds and new hotel -site.
$2500 — 2-story 8-rocm house, barn, chicken
sheds, well, fruit trees; grazing land adjoin-
inn: lot 155x207: easy payments.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 10.VJ University ave.,
near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
N. H. LANG & CO.. 40 Montgomery St..
Exclusive Dealers in Probate and Bank Realty.
$4000— Stylish, up-to-date residence la Mis-
sion warm belt; Just completed; containing 7
roonsc and bath, elegant finished plumbing and
hardware throughout; adjoining homes have
all found new owners within last two months;
eold to close partnership account; easy terms
if desired.
EAC-RIFICED— Must be sold in 15 days; make
offer; two handsome sunny flats, 7 and 8
rooms, baths: this property is strictly In
warm belt of Mission: will sell adjoining
lot If desired; street bttumlnized; lot 53x117:6
to alley; No. 10S0-10S2 Dolores et.. between
23d and 21th. PATTERSON, 11 City Hall sq.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date In every particular: Nos. 6<J8. and 968
Clayton St.. near Golden Gate Park; price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery rt.
$100 DOWN and $15 month for cottage, 4 r. and
b. on Nevada ave. Cottage of 4 r., San Jose
ave., $100 down and $12 50 per month.
$350 down and $20 month. 6 r. and b., on
Duncan st. P. Coffin & Co.. 3303 Mission.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at « per cent.
MANIIATTAN'cLOAN CO., Crocker building.
FINE income flats on Fulton, near City Hail;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st., owner.
; REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
¦ i ...
WANTED— To eell and exchange, fruit, grain
and stock farms;' city and town property;
no matter where located; sales made and
trades adjusted on ground floor basis; no
delay*. INTERNATIONAL BROKERAGE
ASSN.. Inc.. 330 Pine at.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
• fenced hedges around land; rood house;
chicken-houses, water: reasonable; chickens.
ducks. R. E. THORNTON. 418 Examiner bid.
LARGE lilt of country property, fruit and
poultry farms, stock ranches, grazing and
lirr.tT lands; call or eend .for catalogue
HOTHEKMEL & CO.. 507 California at. .
IF you wast a stock ranch, dairy, or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO., 45
West Santa St.. Ban Jose, CaL '
$10 BUYS a 10-acre farm; ' write for booklet;
Its free. WRIGHT & K1MBROUGH, #»
J et.. Sacramento, Cal. . •
ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
§ vineyard?; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WO08TER CO- 048
Market st. ¦ .-¦¦,-. v • . ; :
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON A KENDRIClCPetalama.
PO1XT RICHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
WATER " front lots and bargains ; ; ail '¦ tracts ;
maps, photos, etc BELL,' 417 Parrott bids.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DO NOT PAY.- RENT.
5-room cottage, bath, toilet, stationary tubs;
large lot; doee to street cars and station;
price SI MO; terms. $150 cash, balance $16
a month. .
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. '¦ Lorln. '
__________ _
A 4-room high basement cottage, bath, pat-
ent toilet, stationary tubs; lot 40x135; fruit
trees and flowers; cloee to both ferry lines;
price (1.300; terms, small cash payment, bal-
ance to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
BIG BARGAInT "
A new 7-room house, bath, patent tc'Iet.
stationary tuba; large lot; convenient to sta-
tion and street cars; price S2250; terms, $150
cash, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. ¦¦-<¦- . Lorta.
CHENEY £ BERRY'S SPECIALS.
S7500 — 600 feet on Claremont ave. ; win sell
this as a whole or in lots of 100 feet frontags.
$620 — Bonta ave.; hillside lot, 50x175; ma-
rine view; snap.
Factory site on water front -and railroad;
West Berkeley; $10 per front foot.
$3350 — 6-rootn bouse, new; near car line;
street work done; easy terms.
10 lots near Grove St.; $400 to $500; install-
ments.'
600 feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY A BERRY,
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
. ¦ ' : ~ FOR' RENT*! ~
fl°— 4-rm. house. 1816 4th st., "W. Berkeley.
• f}2—«-nn.. house, foot tS3d st.. Golden Gate.
¦US— 6-rm. house. 60th et.. nr.- Adeline sts.
* lf > — 0-rm. house. Mason St.," nr. Ashby eta.
$10 — t-rm. house. 1310 Delaware et. Berke-
ley. Water free. Write for list of other
houses. E. E. NEWTON. 2131 Center st..
Berkeley.
11500—1 ACRE, near station; cars and
churches; Just the thing for a chicken ranch,
$2000— 5-room cottace, bath and toilet; 2
blocks from station; electric cars pass door;
lot 40x120: $400 cash. $22 monthly payments.
L. J. MORAN.A CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley Station.
J. J. MASON, "
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EC cor. Bhattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BE0ADWAY.
OAKLAXD ItEAL, ESTATE.
' AT AVCTIOX.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION*.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903,
I 'On the Premises,
At 1:30 p. m..
The Reichllng Houses,
At
Northwest corner Linden and 8th sts., Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
8 Beautiful Homes,
8 Large Single Subdivisions.
With 9. 10. 11 and 12 rooms, bath each; cost
originally $3000 to $11,500 each to construct.
Large Sunny Lots.
Large sunny lots with 4a ft.. 50 ft.. 69 ft. and
70 ft. frontage by a depth of 100 to 165 feet.
(Note size and depth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street,
with the most artistic stone coping uniformly
arranged around the entire , frontage, with
I palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
each garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homes has been the pride of the city, the
personal care of the owner, as 'one of the
finest kept properties in Oakland.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's.- Oakland's water park.
: Rentals as an Investment.
As an Investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied ¦
same almost since construction.
Present rentals are $30, $45 and $C5 each.
A HOMB LOCATION
¦ Fronting- on the only bituminized residence
street in Oakland; opposite and adjoining tine
t block of modern residences worth from $SoUO
! to J2S.0OO; game block as the Havens' and
i Gt?orge \V. McNear's beautiful homes; 3 blocks
of Market or Adeline station; short walk to
Broadway business center; walking distance to
high school and flntst primary, grammar and
private schools In the city, without necessita-
ting children to cross streetcar lines.
One of the choicest, close In, convenient,
strictly home neighborhoods in Oakland.
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL.
NOTE THE TERMS,
One-third cash, balance on mortgage in one
' and two years. •
To see premises, get permit at office.
Sale Saturday, October 24, 1900,
1:30 p. m.. on the grounds.
Write or call for eajalojfue showing photo-
graphs of premises and^lving full particulars.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Auctioneers,
4C0 and 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland, Cal.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
f3 cash. $2 50 monthly; fine, level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 cash, $5 monthly; level lots In new set-
tlement ; soil and location the best; 50x145;
price $150.
$23 cash. $7 50 monthly; extra fine lots, 100 !
xl22:6; 75 homes Just gene up; has a great
future; see them; price $300; will build you a
home.
Near. two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland; sec-
tion building up with good, substantial peo- j
pie; call or eend for circular. 4.">o Seventh St.,
Oakland opposite Broadway station; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$2500 — COMFORTABLE cottAge with bay-win-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
fine large barn; gravel driveway; nice neigh-
borhood: street work all done; above San
Pablo ave.: terms If you like. J. S. MYER3
cr GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
$2«00 ONLY — For a fine cottage of 8 rooms
fixed for two families; part rented for $16 50
per month; balance occupied by owner; all
h-treet work done. Apply to P. C. LASSEN
& CO., 4WJ Tenth et.. Oakland.
Modern house. 9 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlln
organ. Before 12 m., 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in th*
Tjnit'ed States cr Canada one rear for SI. - —
OAKI^D^FCnXITPRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
tore. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPttiG.
ANTLERS." 415"Turk st^Strictly modern. "73
room apartments; fur. or. unfur. for hskpg.
CALIFORNIA. 1514— Unfurnished rooms In
private family. -
FIFTH. US! second flat— Nice furnished
rooms, very reasonable; convenient; sunny.
FOLSOM, 830—2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; also others, single; cheap.
GEARY, 1225 — Housekeping suite 3 roomi; prt-
.vate bath; also 3-roomed cottage; hkpg.; gas.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartment* for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1530 Polk st.
HOWARD. 038 — Two sunny rooms for house-
, keeping. .
TAYLOR, • 811 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished, gas
. range. $18; Unfurnished. $15; single. $0 CO.
MODEL House. 1206 Stockton-^-Newly furnleh-
ed rooms. $5-$12; bath; gas; phone.
OCTAVIA. 1423 — Just finished; 4-room apart-
ment, furn. & unfurn, $60, $45; bath, etc
SEVENTH. 191— Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms. •• . -.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established - at 1098
Valencia st. ' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received 'at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore.
APARTMEXTS FOR HOllSEKEEPIXG.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest ' apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine St.;
¦between Hyde and Leavenworth;, a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
tie comforts of . housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of ; hotel life; prices very
reasonable. ¦ ¦ « .
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
ZSc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ',
AT 'The Almonte," 873 Market at. (or No. 1
, Fifth at.) — Rooms. 25c.'. COc, $1, $1 60 sight;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.' -
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 13&4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished. j
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms ; prices reasonable.
GEARY. 1 1432. ; cor. Lacuna — Sunny suite of
; .connecting rooms;" bath - and . sas ran»?e. :
GRAND 'Southern, 7th and ' Mission— Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.'
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
' The Call's Cock Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order Im-
mediately.
This splendid premium -will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
——OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS «
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THB
31st day ot December. A. D. 1903. and
for the year tadins oa that day, as mads to
the Insurance Commissioner of th* State of
California, pursuant to Us* provision* of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Cod* con-
densed as per blank furnished by Uu Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company . . - S4.3OO 00
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1.324.640 00
Cash la Company's Office 2.133 34
Cash in Banks 21S.S34 33
Interest due and accrued ea ail
Stocks aad Loans 8,324 17
Premiums in due Coots* of Col-
lection • 278.838 03
Bills receivable. • not Matured.
taken for Fir* aad Marln* Risks. 19.3 4a
Total AJieta .| 1.338.334 43
T -T ATTTT.IT I f,*!
Losses adjusted and unpaid 104,234 13
Losaes in process of Adjustment
or la Susoenae ............ 53.123 73
Losses resisted. Including expenses. , S7.34S Xi
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,090,-
871 83; relnsuraac* 60 per cent.. 543.434 93
Gro*s premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, S94S.-
1 2S7 24; relaauraac* pro. rata... BOO, 883 OS
All other liabilities 77.133 IS
Total Liabilities ...'/ $1,247,183 49
dtcosceL . :
Net cash actually received for
Firs premiums 9X39.144 83
Received for interest and dividend*
oa Bonds, ' Stocks. Loaas aad
nom all other sources 43.4M U
¦ ¦
Total Income (1.41X003 M
¦BMbbHMMHMbH. ' —
expenditures.
Net asiowBt paid for Fire Loeaea
(including $173,023 SI. losaes of . .
previous years) $504,331 37
Paid or allowed for Commlsaioa or
Brokerage •,••""- **M70 tl
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. UX3SI 73
Pal J for State, National aad Local
taxes 42.478 74
All other paymeat* and expendi-
tures • 108,S8» 4S
ToUI ExpscdltOTM ll.Ml.2Sa »
~ Fir*.
Losses Incurred daria* th« year... $741,331 10
RUks aad Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during th*
year fl55.983.237 $2,CC9, 044 90
Net amount of Risks
. expired during the -
year 174,901.449 2.003.79139
Net amount la force eM
December 31. 1902. ¦ 178.979.934 2.fiS9.I39 08
GEO. 8. A. TOUXO..U. 8. Maaajrer^ ¦
Subscribed and iworn to before me. this
29th day ot January. 1903. - <¦
EDWIN T. CORET.»
Commissioner for California in N*w Tort.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
THOS. J. GOHROY, Manager,
GEO. W. BROOXS, Assistant Maoigir.
323 CALIFORNIA STBEET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific Coast Directors.
Germany, aged 24 years. (German papers
please copy.) - i£$&gl , ',,- - : ' .-
, '* ¦ CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ Invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ "- (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the .parlors
• of Carew . & English. 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. < . -
COFFIN— In San Diego, Cal., October 1. 1903,
•" Mrs. Deborah B. Coffin, a natlva of Nan-
tucket. Mass.
CROSSMAN— In this city. October 10. 1003,
Levina, beloved wife of Rossell Crossman.
and mother of Leonard S. and Casslus M. C.
Crossman, a native of New York, aged 52
years. - *ffiSS8ffl^<JiSs5<W£L83j7i | >iftW |> ss T *g*
E7Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. "
HENNEY— In this city, October 11. 1903. Mag-
gie Kyle, dearly beloved daughter of Sarah
and the late William Henney. . and sister of
, William and John Henney and Mrs." E. D.
Miller and the late George Henney, a native
of San Francisco, . aged 16 years 8 months
and -26- days. - -
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
Of Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HOWB-In this city. October 11, 1903, Edward
B. Howe, a , native . of California, aged 40
yeare. . -
(E^Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 14, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from the
undertaking parlors of Iaecheri. Duclos &
Co.. 629 Broadway, between Dupont and
- Stockton streets.- Interment. Laurel Hill
Cemetery. , • •
JOHNSON— In this dtr, October ; 12, 1903, HI- i
: Han May, dearly beloved and only child of
Jacob and Alice Johnson, a native of Chicago,
aged 13 years 11 months and 13 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from th« :
parents' residence. , 700 Natoma street, be-'
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Crt
prws Lawn Cemetery. ,
JONES— In this city, October 11, 1903, Albert
w. Jones, beloved husband of the late Eliza- 1
.beth Jones. ' a native of England, aged 32
years 5 months and 3 days. -.
(£7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 81 Henry street,' between Noe and
Sanchez, Fourteenth ¦ and Fifteenth. Intcr-
. ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
JORDAN— In this city, October 11. 1903, Den-
nis, dearly beloved husband of Mary Jordan,
and father of James K., , Joseph S.. Peter
I.. Dennis V.. Gertrude and Krr.Uie Jordan
and Mrs. J. F. McNamara, a native of Jones-
boro. County Armagh, Ireland, aged 73
years.
(E7"The funeral will take place Wednes-
day. October 14, at 9:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 633 Webster street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church. Fell and Flllmore
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will" be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment private at Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Please omit
flowers.
KELLY— In this city. October 12. 1903, Anna,
beloved wife of Joseph Kelly, and mother of
Daniel. Cornelius, Raphael, Eugene, Joseph
and Grace Kelly, Mrs. Joaenb CToole, Mrs.
R. W. Martin and Mrs. L. J. Kelly, a native
of New York, aged 60 years and '9 days.
(Brooklyn and New York and Sierra .Valley
papers please copy.)
KELLY — In Sonora. Tuolumne County, Cal.,
October 12 1903, Mary Kelly, beloved wife of
' Patrick Kelly, mother of Willie and Peter
Kelly, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel
F. ' Riordan, ' and sister of Maggie Riordan
and Mrs. E. L. Rebm.
McCOOEY— In this city, October 10, 1903,
James McCooey. beloved brother of Owen and
the late Arthur McCooey and Mrs. Susan
Basignano, and uncle of James, Thomas and
Patrick Comisky. a native of County Mon-
aghan, Ireland) aged 46 years and 5 days.
(O'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the ' funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo s
Chnrch.' where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, October 12, 1903, Lil-
lian' A., beloved daughter of Frank H. and
Eliza Murphy, and sister of Ethel, Alice and
Francis Murphy, a native of San Francisco/
aged 3 years 5 months and 23 days.
(£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 2 o'clock, from her late residence. 1063
McAllister .street. Interment . Holy Cros?
Cemetery. 7
PARKS — At the Kennedy mine, Jackson, Ama-
dor County, Cal., October 10, 1903, James F.
Parks, a native of Missouri, aged 68 years.
CuT Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, October 13. at 11 o'clock, at the
chapel. Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco.
PRENDERGAST— In this city. October ' 12,
1903, Martin, beloved husband of the late
Rose Prendergast, and father of John J..
P. H.. James M. and the late Thomas and !
Martin Prendergast and Mrs.' Charles F.
¦ Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
EtTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son,' James M. Prendergast, 317::
Twenty-second street, thence to St. Peter's
I Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
. menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RECK— In this city, October 10. 1903, George
I D. H. Reck, beloved father of George Reck,
beloved son of Georsre F. Reck and the late
Margaret Reck, and brother ' of the late II.
W. Reck, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years 1 month and '.» days.
(E7°Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited •¦ to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 1217 York street, and thence
to K. of P. Hall, Market street, where fu-
neral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 9, K. of P., and
McKSnley Grovft No. 132, U. A. O. D.. at 2
o'clock. .Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of McKInley Grove
No. 132, U. A. O. D. — You are requested to
assemble at Pythian Castle, 909 Market
street, to-day (Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock
sharp, to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother, G. D. H. Reck.
CHARLES WACHTER. N. A.
P. O'CONNOR. Rec. Sec.
REES^ — In this city," October 11. 1903," infant
daughter of Alexander and Marie Rees, a
native of San Francisco.
ROOKARD— In this city. October 12, 1903,
Mary L. Rookard, ' beloved daughter of Mrs.
W. T. Rutherford, and sister of H. J. Rook-
ard, a native of Missouri, aged 2S years.
ROSS — In this city, October 12. 1003, Sallle
L.. beloved wife of the late Daniel Ros9. and
mother of James E.. Finch and Mrs. G. W.
Hammett. a native of Ridgevllle, Warren
County, Ohio, aged 76 years 3 months and 4
days. (Elyria, Ohio,, papers please copy.)
• CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day,, at 11 o'clock, from her late residence,
184 Clipper 1 street. Interment private. '
SEABRIGHT— In this city, October 10, 1903,
; William, beloved husband of Alice Sea-
" "bright, and father of Willie and Alice Sea-
bright, a native of England, aged 50 years.
A member of Court Precita No. 3308, I. O. F.
|E7Frlend3 and acquaintances and men-
, bers of Court Precita are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral to-day (Tuesday),
at 1:13 o'clock, from the parlors of J. C.
O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.' thence to
St. Peter's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHILLCOCK— In this city, October 12, 1903
. Hester M.'. wife of Henry j. Shlllcock, a na-
tive of Newark, N. J. : .
ICTFuneral and Interment rtrietly private.
SIMONDS— In this city, October 12, 1903. Rev.
Samuel D. Slmonds, a superannuated memtxtr
of the California Conference of the M. ' E.
Church, a native of Vermont,' aged 90 years.
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend • the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H." J. Truman & Co.. 1901)
Mission' street, between Fifteenth and -Six-
teenth.' Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,
SMITH— In this city. October 11. 1903, Captain
J. J. Smith, beloved husband of Mary E.
Smith, and father of E. B. Smith and Mrs.
F. W. Ely, aged • S3 years and 8 days.
C7 Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully > invited - to ; attend the funeral to-day
• (Tuesday), at 12:30 > o'clock, from Chapter
Hall, i Masonic Temple, corner . of Post , and
Montgomery streets, sunder the auspices of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M. In-
terment private. Remains at the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street.
Mission * Masonic Temple.
"WALLIN— In this city. October 12, 1903, An-
drew, dearly beloved husband of Emma Wal-
lln a native of San Francisco, aged 3S years
7 months and 2S days.TftFtlTFilHwiB ftW— sm
. ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Interment. Laurel Hill Cemetery. , 1
ZEH— In Frultvale. October 12. • 1903. Nellie
Rucia. beloved wife of G. Zeh. a native of
Chicago, 111-, aged 23 years 3 months and IS
¦ days."-: ¦¦¦¦ -. ';.:¦-¦. '.¦
E3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited to attend the funeral services
¦Wednesday evening, ¦, October 14. 1903. • at 8
o'clock, at . the ' family residence, Galindo
street, * between .- Peralta and Bray avenues,
Frultvale/ , Interment private Thursday
* morning-. '"^nQQBnMCSspQWB
ZOBEL— In this city, October 12,' 1903, Ludwig,
beloved • husband >: of Marie ; Zobel, father of
Myrcn Zobel, son of Julius , and ' Flora Zobel
of Los Angeles,' and brother of Mrs. H. Hoff-
maryMrs. A. Meyer and Sam , ! Zobel . of : Los
F. J. Monahan.' President. .-- .
MONAHAN & CO., ....
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
, 2330-2341 Mission et. ¦ Telephone Mission 31. . ;
*. James McGinn. ' ~ v . Henry .'Hansen.
; ,- " JAMES McGINN & CO.. ¦
Formerly. With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.-^—
214 Eddy st.; Tel. South 576. ><¦
Angeles, a nativs of Germany. a«ed 35 years
9 months and 26 days. (Los Angeles papers
please copy.)
E3"The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. at the resi-
dence of Mr. A. Blumenthal. 1347 Golden
Gate avenue. Interment Hills ot Eternity
Cemetery by train leaving Third and Towns-
end streets at 2:30 p. m.¦i. Fine ; half-tone* printing: not • cheap but : well
executed.1 Mysell-Bolllns, 22 Clay.' • Main ; &O51. •
- PIso'b Cure - for - Consumption always .• gives
relief la cases of coughs and colds. 25c. •/"
: .The right tot the^ Retail "; Fruit Dealers'
Association to -prevent' any -'one Vfrom
Says Blacklist: Is Illegal.
: A'*' jury in [ Judge Sloss' 'court .yesterday
gave Mabels Fairbanks Judgment for. $250
damages against the Bauchan Vegetable
Company." She was ; run over 'by a ¦ team
owned, by- the, company' Jast December,
and she sued for, $5000 damages.
Is Awarded : Small , Sum.
The' will of Ythe late Jules Julllen of the
liquor firm of ; J. f Julllen" & *Co^ 617 Pacific
street,' was filed >.'for probate ;yes'terday."
He^leaves : his i widow; v^mille ; Jullieni * a
life '; interest? .In'i the^estate.s directing that
she shall pay. numerous relatives j bequests
amounting «' to ', $13,000 " and % that t;upon f her
death <^" the property t shall i go i-'~. to '/\ his
nephews: The i estate is estimated to be
worth Iclose' to' $100,000. ¦ '.;
Merchant's Will 5 Is Filed.
To Whom It May Concern.
Mr. John F. Reilly is no longer in the
employ ". of the Pommcry Champagne
Agency.*. > JOHN CAFFRET,;
21 Sutter- street.
KJJjfl • San Francisco. •
. The ; suit '.to' quiet title' ; to' property i near
the oceanibeach brought, by?EduardJMar-,
chaind.Uhe restaurant .proprietor,',: against
his u wife, '- Evelyn 7 ? Marchand,- • was < heard
yesterday "i- by ; Judged Seawell- and "^ taken
under advisement. =' Marchand s deeded^the
property \ to his wife" in* April ¦ of last year/
Two 1 days after ; "heileft>her.-last?Julyishe
filed 1 : the deed iwithSthe J Recorder; and
some , time later.' brought a "suit } for main
tenance : against V him.' 'The suit > for; sup^
port \ brought- forth* the suit to quiet '.title,
Marchand A claiming 1 that * he > never v gave
the r deed to his wife, but had ' informed
her that It was to be filed; after his death;
She'clalms that^he gaveMt.to '.her/ shortly,
after ; he executed - it i andltold her the
property.: was! his t present ;. t* her.
Claims v. Bealty •; Despite/ Deed.
The petition of F. T. • Newberry . that the
city Join in the , application" to ; Messrs.', De
Camp { and Mosher .'":. to '>'¦ Improve/ Second
avenue . with heavy oil,*, sand! and crushed
rock; making a* road^superior^ to; bitumen,'
was i referred , to .' tne f Street*'; Committee."
The city owns a fire engine loton : Second
avenue. v . ', ' ¦'_. .--:'
The ordinances declaring ; the ' length : of
the . main track and assessed value
of: the Southern- Pacific- Company ;. at
7.3$ miles and $110,400; =' Central Pacific
Railway i.Company; at 2.46 miles \ and ; $49.
414,' and the ; Pullman Company at 7.36
miles, and $1156, were finally,. passed. V ' ;
The " ordinance j amending • the ' specifica
tions for street work eo that hereafter.no
cobblestone, pavement shall be lald^onany
street whose gradient , Is ¦; less ' than" 15 per
cent, no brick pavement * on , any '.street
ivtiose . gradient : exceeds ¦ 12 per * cent \ and
no : basalt 5 block ; pavement ¦ on ; any i street
whose '. gradient exceeds 20 per ; cent * was
passed to ¦ j»ri nt.^SB9MB|
The . petition of property owners that
$310 ;be : provided; out; of"; the urgent -.ne-j
ccssity fund', to " construct .'a* sewer in
Buena Vista avenue, from South' Broder
ick street to Park .' Hill i avenue. ' was re
ferred to the ; Finance ; Committee. '•_':.¦ h
Supervisor d'Ancona told of : the "good
work being done , In improving the .sani
tary condition of 'Chinatown : and 'said
that little or no money would be required.
after next February for the work..-Re
plying to a criticism that; the -money
should not.be taken, out, of the. '• urgent
necessity fund -¦ D'Ancona - said i It; could
not be taken legally from any other fund
and that the ; good -work , accomplished
warranted the expenditure.
The, Board of 'Works was requested' to
make a* report . in" detail ¦ as ; to the exter
nal; and' Internal condition "of ;the r buila
ingslln; Chinatown .wittr- respect 'to \their
safety against flre. '
The sum of - $5000 - in addition - to • $9000
already spent /for* the purpose, was ap
propriated yesterday by . the Board * i of
Supervisors . out of '¦ the - urgent; necessity
fund to continue the work of cleansing
Chinatown. The money is to be", expended
under the direction of the special :com
m'ttee of the board with . the " advice A of
the Board of Health. '. . ~" •
, At a special meeting of the Board of Di
rectors | of the : California Liquor. Dea I«»rs'
Association held .. Monday, October J 12,
1903,. - the following .-resolutions ; were
adopted: - , ; : ;
Whereas, The publication: of -pretended
questions to be propounded. to candidates
has been mafle' In a morning paper of the
11th inst.:. and • ->..
r< . Whereas, None of said ¦ questions "ihave
been • indorsed,-: *. "presented . or ¦.-;. prepared
by ,this ; association, \ but . have \ been • given
publicity, for the evident "purpose of bring
ing discredit to the liquor dealers and this
organization: and' ."^> ,
." This' association is ' organized
f or ' the^ purpose I of ¦ protecting , the , liquor
trade as a legitimate, Industry, and: in < the
same - manner " and . by- the " same : means
that protection "is. given to. any other busi
ness ~it-rrr1 v "jiBiflT M |||fl||lilit1lifnffli^^ te 7 ? * T r
; Resolved,' That we do now. repudiate the
Bald pretended J questions , and - ; denounce
them as -false.'*' •¦"' * . '; -
Resolved, , That • while s as • yet : we > have
made no ; indorsement, iwe: shall > certalnly_
endeavor.- to ¦ secure . the ¦, election'of : candi
dates who are not. unfriendly; to" our. btisl-;
ness.'-. : ¦-'¦'- ' r^> : . ¦ •- ¦-¦'•'•¦¦ : ' -''- '¦' - - ¦"'¦' •'¦'-'¦-'"'
CALIFORNIA i LIQUOR DEALERS'. AS
. . SOCIATION. ."• .
¦ By ..WILLIAM CLACK, ¦ Secretary.'- • ,
To the Public.
Supervisors Appropri
ate $5000 More for
That Purpose. •
opening a fruit, store within a block of a
similar store is disputed in a suit brought
yesterday by- John Travensaro. -He' claims
that the dealers , threaten to "blacklist"
him if he opens a. store at 519 Clay Street,
because there 'is another store ;, within . a
block of his -prospective place ; of busi
ness. - He claims j a ; ."blacklist" | such
as .they maintain is against .the law and
their ' act 1 im placing - him." upon' such r list
is conspiracy.
ORDER CLEANING
OF CHINATOWN
large arch devised by State Miner
alogist Aubury.. This arch is pictured
this morning for* the first time It will 5e
made up of building stones of California,
ABOVE the mineral exhibit ', that
ralifornla will make in the- Mines
and Mining building at the f, St.
Louis Exposition !'| : will tower . a
Southern Pacific Company Has In
creased Its Facilities to tne"
Garden City.
The Southern Pacific Company yester
day began operating trains over Its newly
constructed double tracks between San
Bruno and San Jose, a distance of thirty
nine miles, which with the stretch be
tween this city and San Bruno, a distance,
of twelve miles, gives the company a
double way down the coast of flfty-one
miles.
Manager Agler stated yesterday that
work on the cut-off along Third and
Townsend streets and the bay shore to
San Bruno will begin some time In De
cember. Meanwhile bids .will be asked for
123,000,000 ,bricks,\ which are to be used
mainly in the construction of four or five
tunnels along this route. The tunnels will
be built large enough for four tracks, buH|
for a time only two tracks will bo used.
It 13 the intention to build these tunnels
so that they may be broadened in the
far future, when greater op'erating facili
ties may be deemed necessary.
GAYLY SCATTERS
WIFE'S FORTUNE
Wanted in. Palo Alto.
¦ James Bly was arrested at Third an«S
Townsend streets yesterday morning by
Policemen Galloway and O'Connor. Ho
Is wanted in Palo Alto for stealing a bt
cycle. He had shipped the machina as
baggage. and called at the depot to s*.t
it when the- officers placed him under ar
rest. He was taken to Palo Alto yester
day afternoon.
I. ; Peck Eppinger Plays
Havoc Witli Wealth
of Spouse. '¦
Musical . Programme Is Enjoyed by
Members of Club Assembled
in City Hall.
The'San Francisco Teachers'. Club held
Its regular monthly meeting last even-
Ing '. in Its room In the City HalL The
meeting was called to order by ¦ A. L.
Mann, president. of the club.
A motion was made that the initiation
fee of J5, now charged, be abolished. The
motion was not seconded, and It was
moved by Professor Young of the Lowell
High School that the question be put to
a vote at the next meeting. The second
question under discussion was as . to
whether or . not a reduction of 25 cents
be made on the regular monthly dues.
This question will also be put to a vote.
This concluded the business part of the
meeting, land the announcement by Mr.
Mann to the effect that -a musical ¦ pro
gramme had been arranged for the even
ing came as ; a pleasant surprise ; to the
sixty teachers assembled In the hall.
Mis3 Carpenter had charge of the pro
gramme, which was as "follows:" t
Recitation from "Mrs. Wlggs " cf th© Cab
bage Patch." Miss Bertha Vllas: song. "Sing
On." Mrs.-Turney. accompanied by Miss Fish:
recitation, court scene from "Merchant or
Venice," Miss Vilas; violin solo. Miss Cada
•wallader- recitation. "An Irish Mother," Miss
Vllas- violin solo Miss Cadawallader; story,
"India." Miss Vllas; sons, Miss Sweeney;
poem. Miss Vllas.
Miss Vilas, who. contributed largely to
ward • the entertainment . of the evening,
is a stranger in San Francisco, but Is
deemed one of the best amateur dramatic
readers in Chicago. She Is a post grad
uate of the Columbia School of Oratory
of that city and is extremely clever. Miss
Cadwalladefs violin 1 solos were very
good particularly the German sleeping
song,' which was loudly applauded.
CLEBKS NOW WORKING
ON CITY'S TAX BILLS
Busy Men at the Hall Will Labor
Night and Pay for Some ". '
Time.
Tax Collector Smith and Auditor Baehr
commenced work ; yesterday on the com
puting and making out of tax bills, based
on -the recent assessment .rolls compiled
by Assessor Dodge. The ' work was " de
layed, owlngto the raise of assessment
by -the State 'Board of Equalization, and
the officials were In doubt as to whether
the taxes should be based on .the assess
ment .'of Dr. Dodge or- that of the State
board. V
The Supreme Court recently, ruled that
the taxation should be made on the as
sessment compiled by Assessor Dodge and
the , work of : preparing ' the ¦- tax lists will
be vigorously carried on. - :
.The Auditor's forces 'worked on the as
sessment, rolls from 8'a.m. until 11 p.,m.
yesterday -and will continue the comput
ing of taxes until the work Is completed.
The Tax Collector set sixty men to work
at midnight last i night and ¦ they worked
until " 6 this mornine, as It ' is only . during
these - hours " that the Tax :" Collector's
clerks can have access to the books. The
Tax' Collector's men will continue to work
at night .until:, they have completed the
work l of making out 1 the' tax ; bills.
On; November 2 ' the ; work must be fin
ished' and the tax bills will ; t)e mailed . or
delivered to all taxpayers whose addresses
are known' to the Tax Collector.^ Persons
who fail to receive \ their ! bills after No
vember : 2' will understand that it is : be
cause their j addresses are< not .known and
they ' will -be" expected : to call ? at - the i Tax
Collector's office and secure their bills.
** 1. 1 Peck • Epplnger, i son : of - Jacob Ep
plnger, formerly of • the- defunct' firm of
Epplnger ' & ''• Co., -is accused : of . having
neglected' his'wife after, he had spenf her
entire '. fortune. , Mrs. Epplnger. who' be- v
fore she became such ; was ; the widow of
Charles Schlmpf , a large • holder of stock
In > the; Orpheum,' testified . to, 'his alleged
neglect In ; Judge ; Kerrigan's court yester
day; during., the progress of the trial of her
suit for divorce. : She said that within eigh
teen'months after her marriage' to him at
Oakland in ) 1901". he spent" her entire for
tune : of more > than $60,000 ; and I that ' never
at;any. time, during; their married life did
he; provide for her..: She 'says sheis now
penniless.V'HerA testimony, .was ', corrobo
rated ; by • that ; of , Mrs. ; Herman ; r Epplnger.
herrtslster.r and • wife* of '• her [ husband's
brother. ;; Judge j Kerrigan awarded her an.
Interlocutory, decree.
Judge : Troutt ] granted Arthur . Fitzhenry
an C interlocutory i decree < of t divorce ¦ from
Bosanna- J.^Fifzhenry ;onr the ground "of
cruelty. .The ' evidence showed \ that - Mrs.
Fitzhenry, had fa" habit of; showing her dis
like < Jorj her ' husband 'by; throwing fat him
large sized chunks iof coal, pieces of cord
wood,;.-knives", and *« cuspidors.' The bom
bardment- occurred f every four or five"
V- Interlocutory - of divorce,: were
also I granted * to; Lillian I B. ' Hanklns from
:William *K"i Hanklns for .''desertion, ¦ Eu
genia '? S.Vj Campbell < from ,' John" H. 4 Camp
beli;..»for' -neglect,; and \ Lillie , Rose- from
Isaac "Alonzo' Rose; for. cruelty. ¦. : =
,3. Suits p for;; divorce - were , filed ¦; by . B. \ M.-
Pratt against Alice W. Pratt for desertion!
iJVanario from "J. : E. Alexander
for neglect' arid Mabel ; E. > Jacobs from Ed
LI-' Jacobs -for- cruelty., '_'
¦ . Jabez " Swan,' the I sign ; painter, : who' was
recently^ haled \ into 7 court . on '. an ' order of
examination ; issued : for: the Vparpoee of
ascertaining his • ability s to • pay Sarah
Swan,'; his j former.' wife,.; $10,000 accrued all
moriy'i was; adjudged guilty j. of . contempt
of court yesteriay, by Judge Kerrigan and
ordered. confined; in- the" County' Jail until
he u pays ;. her . $350, ; the < amount ; the'} court
found .<• he ? la r able . to . pay. Swan . secured
a five "days' stay; of proceedings.
New Chinese Inspector.
: A. ; C. Ridgeway _'_. has-been appointed a
Chinese, inspector JatTttateJDort^Kj
Says Water Is Pure.
City; Chemist Green stated / yesterday
that preliminary" analyses of water, taken
from' Lake ' Elinor and ;Tuolumne River,
which has. been recommended, by the City
Engineer, as a source ' f or\a." municipal wa
ter, supply, snow; it 'to be of a".very, pure
quality and*remarkably ¦ f ree > from foreign
matter.- Thfe; examination, of the samples
will i be concluded in a' few.; days, when a
report "thereon \will* be filed with the
Board . of -Works. \
The height of the structure will -be
twenty-three feet and the extreme width
at the base seventeen and a half feet:
This will stand at the entrance of the ex
hibit, so that' all visitors will pass under
the arch. The "display • to be . announced
by^ this "sign will be; second only to that
made by Colorado,"; so says Mineralogist
Aubury. ... '_.fy.'\
Below the arch will be a cabinet exhibit
of ' specimens. J Near by will be a* special
collection of the structural and industrial
materials of California. Also adorning
the exhibit there will be a column of lep-
selected from air the counties 'from
Shasta to San Diego. The base will be
of granite. The next, course above will
be of sandstones. Then ' will come i tufa,
marble and terra cotta. The . ornaments
will be bears' heads and the State seal.
Accompanying the ores will be collec
tions of pictures in which each mineral
industry of California -will be separately
illustrated. California ... has applied for
6000 sctuare . feet of space on. the floor of
the Mines and i Mining building.
--In the exhibit will be also' a great dis
play of ' borax and by products; copper
ores in large quantity; coal to some,ex
tent; illustration of /the oil Industry with
the geological formations in which oil is
found; cinnabar and quicksilver; In short,
all . the principal mineral substances in
this State.
ldolite sixteen feet high. From lepidolite
are derived medicinal salts. The mineral
is in four colors. Crystals of tourmaline
occur all through it. This will make a
showy feature of the collection f from this
State. ~»>
ARCH DESIGNED BY STATE " MINERALOGIST AUBURY TO . BE ; CON
STRUCTED JN THE CALIFORNIA, MINES AND MINERAL BUILDING AT
THE ST.LOUIS EXPOSITION OF STONE FROM THIS STATE.
CITY SCHOOL TEACHERS
HOLD, MONTHLY MEETING
DOUBLE TRACKS NOW
EXTEND TO SAN JOSE
Wilson disagreed with Brandenstein and
pointed to a provision of the charter that
vests the power of appointing any city
official, not otherwise provided for, in the
hands of the Mayor.
As there was no quorum the committee
postponed consideration until to-morrow
at 4 d. m.
"The Dower to appoint a Poundmaster
lies with the Board of Supervisors," said
Brandenstein, "and the delegation of the
authority' to the Mayor is unwarranted
by • the charter. . It is for the Supervi
sors to determine who shall be the Pound
master." "• ' :-'•'•>!!/
The , Supervisors' joint Committee on
Finance and License lacked a quorum
yesterday when it began consideration of
the proposition to take the management
of the public pound out of the hands of
H. -O;' Irwin, the Mayor's appointee.
Chairman Brandenstein stated that the
Police Commission did not want to un
dertake the management of the pound
and that it would be necessary to con
sider the offer of the Pacific Humane
Society, which was willing to run the
pound free of cost to the city, and also
that of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, which agreed to run
the sound and turn all fees over to the
city if the board would appropriate $6000
yearly for Its maintenance. Brandenstein
plainly intimated that the board desired
to oust Irwin from the position of Pound
master.
The petitioner is apparently unaware of
the charter provision that requires a two
thirds affirmative vote before any public
utility can be acquired by the city. The
petition was referred to the Public Utili
ties Committee. - '-,
In view of a majority of the voters having
declared in favor of municipal ownership of
this railway we respectfully call your atten
tion to section 7, chapter II of the . charter,
which provides that upon a petition • of li per
cent of the e'ectors a franchise shall be sub
mitted to a vote of the people; and l>at n
majority vote against such franchise »tiall
nullify the grant of the came.
RICHMOND DISTRICT IMPROVEMENT AS
SOCIATION.
CHARLES H. HUBBS, PresU-;ni.
E. P. E. TROY. • Secretary.
Resolved. That it now becomes the duty of
your board. to carry out the will of the ma
jority of the voters. ~ As. Rafter November 6.
the Geary street company will have n> right
to operate cars on . this street your be aid
should either' rent from the present company
its present equipment or provide temporary
horse cars ' or automobile buaea to give" the
people along that street transportation ac
commodation.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors —
Gentlemen: Whereas, The citizens of &an
Francisco have, by a majority of .>v»r f'-OO
votes (or 2400 votes In excess of the majority
by which the charter was carried) twice de
clared In favor of municipal ownership of tho
Geary 'street railway. . when the prewit fran
chise expires. November 6, three weeks hence;
therefore be It
• The Richmond District Improvement
Association, apparently In blissful ignor
ance of the result of the recent bond elec
tion, filed the* following petition with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct.- 10, 1908.
My brethren and .citizens all, we shall be
tested in» truth; therefore, ever let frankness
and candor, henor and integrity distinguish
ue as men and as Masons. .¦-
Let ours be a high resolve, that there may be
lieroic achievements, and with benevolence, in-
Cue try, unselfishness and a sacred use of things
Thl» magnificent trowel. Just tendered ro«.
with which to perform tie ceremony of our
order, in laying the .cornerstone of this
edifice, I accept, with more pleasure than
words of mine can express. Actions shall
ppeak louder than words. It- shall be highly
-prized a« a memento of this occasion as long
as life shall last, and after life's work " Is
done may children's children often turn it
over/in their hands and repeat its history, re
mi-wi'iTing the lessons which It teaches In
Masonry, thax men's hearts are to be united
into that grand temple of the fatherhood of
God and the brotherhood of man, which can
only be accomplished by spreading the ce
ment of brotherly love and affection by the
trowel of love.
May good citizenship, which of Itself - will
bring the - be«t government to you. always
be your portion, attended by fidelity, right
living and honor.
Kuch a magnificent bull dine as this li to be
demonstrates your high hopes and great faith
In the "to-morrow." into which to-day shall
soon pass. ¦ ¦ -
As a. fraternity, the Free and Accepted Ma
cons have built up their edifice from that
magnificent temple erected by Solomon. King
of Israel; over this great work, beams the
¦wonders of the heavens by day 'and night.
From out of the East has always advanced.
toward the West, all that was good In civil
ization and progress, bringing us the light
of creat truths. In rotation. Palestine went
to Greece, and Egypt to Rome, then to Spain.
France. England, over which -in turn, the
star .of progress has wended its way, and
hope has heard the rustle of Its wings afar,
and eo near has It drawn to our listening
ears that we can Justly claim It as our own —
its great light and attracting strength, rising
over our horizon, is flashing from one end of
America to the other, diffusing light and im
parting knowledge to all within our borders,
wh« are re^dy to frravp the opportunity,
whether on the Justly proud and stately At
lantic sea board, or our own modest but grow
ing Pacific, or ¦ amid th« stately pines and
cltied tnltts of Puget Sound, or the vineclad
hills and orange groves of California. Al
ready our possessions of ¦ the ¦ Western sea
catch the glimmer that shall soon be theirs.
"What can we not say of our glorious
imst. and the present abounds in unsurpasslriK
achievements, but steady eyes look forward to
and firm hands are ready to grasp the un
known to-morrow.
CIVILIZATION IS PROGRESS.
J t if a time matchless In fraternity and re
i.r.'T!.' r.t, unexcelled in intelligence and edu
cation.
-Vour Deosle, In common with the other
counties of this State, fully realize that we
are standing on the threshold of the great
est century ever given to man by an allwls>«
Creator; born In a glowing • splendor of light,
which ha* been growing upon us and con
stantly Increasing in brilliance eince "the
farF first sane together." which was when
••the evening and the morning were the first
day." ¦trtM"NB» i Ui
Mr. President, Members of the Board of Su
p^rvteorE, Invited Guests, Brethren. Ladles
and Gentlemen: On behalf of the Grand
Lodge of California, Free and Accented Ma
«;nis. It is with treat pleasure that this Im
portant trust, requested of us to perform, is
accepted.
We would at this time thank you for- the
many courtesies and kindnesses extended to
us; vour hospitality is boundless and words
cannot express our appreciation.
We shall houe. as a great fraternity, that
this day's work may be one of mutual pleas
ure and profit to us all.
You. ae an integral part of our great and
glorious Golden State, matchless and peerless
as a sparkling gem In our nation's golden
coronet, are building up a great commonwealth,
end to-day is marked with an event which
will undoubtedly be long remembered.
In accepting the gift the recipient de
livered the following address:
GRAND MASTER SPEAKS.
We have assembled here to-day for the
purpose of laying the cornerstone of King
Solomon's Temple and although it will not
be as costly, will not be as spacious, will not
tie as dazzling In its splendor as King Solo
mon's Temsle of ancient Masonic history, yet
we have reason to believe that it Trill be more
enduring, more beneficial In Its results upon
the generation of men who will follow, here
after.
No barbarous force will ever raze the walls
of the temple which we here will build.
King Solomon's Lodge No. 260 for almost
a quarter of u century has been laying corner
stones of Individual character. To-day we
lay the cornerstone of what will be a fitting
testimonial for all time to the very best en
deavors cf its members, a lasting monument
to :i3|. <¦ ric'.r.al founders and a spacious and
comnS«iious temnle to assist us In the erec
tion of the moral edifices of. its initiates.
And now, tnoct worshipful grand master, the
toundation having been well begun. It re
mains lor me to Invite you as most worshlD-
Tul grand master to proceed to the laying
cf this cornerstone, and for thai purpose I
present you with this Implement with which
to perform this work and request that you
retain It as a. souvenir of this important oc
casion.
The worshipful master then presented
to the grand master a beautiful silver
trowel with ivory handle. It was in
scribed as follower
"Presented to Most Worshipful Grand
Master Orrin S. Henderson at the laying
of the cornerstone of the Temple of King
Solomon Lodge No. 2C0. Free and Ac
cepted Masons, October 12, 1903."
On the reverse side was the insignia of
the order.
Worshipful Master William P. Filmer
made the opening address, which was as
follows :
Most worshipful grand master, officers and
members of the Grand Lodge, brethren and
friends: t\> read in the holy writings that
It was decreed in the wisdom and councils
of Deity aforetime lhat a house thould be
built, erected to God and dedicated to his
holy same.
Here all assembled upon a large tem
porary platform decked with flags, while
the band played "The Holy City." Ser
vices were conducted by the Grand Lodge
end began promptly at noon.
Rev. Jacob Nieto stepped slowly to the
middle of the platform and offered up a
prayer, which impressed every one most
profoundly by its beauty of diction and its
earnestness of endeavor.
GRAND LODGE OFFICIALS.
Promptly at 11 o'clock the stately pro
cession started from the Masonic Temple.
First came a platoon of police, followed
by four buglers of the United States army
from the Presidio. Then followed the drill
corps of the California Commandery,
which acted as escort to the officers of
the Grand Lodge. The members were all
clad in the rich velvet uniforms of the or
der and mounted on black chargers. Then
came the officers of the Grand Lodge in
carriages and last came the most wor
ehipful grand master, riding in an open
carriage drawn by four pure white horses.
As the cavalcade started the buglers
blew a royal fanfare and the procession
moved up Market street to Golden Gate
avenue, thence up Fillmore street to the
Western Addition Masonic Temple, where
It was Joined by the members of King
Solomon's Lodge, who. with Golden Gate
Commander}' No. 16, as escort, proceeded
to the site of the new temple.
The ceremonies were conducted by
Grand Master Orrin Staples Henderson.
The cornerstone of the new King Solo
mon Masonic Temple, to be erected on
FlUmore street, between Post and Sutter,
•was laid yesterday with ceremonies of
the most impressive order. The day was
perfect. A great crowd was in attend
ance, which included about BOO members
of the fraternity, besides several thou
sand lookers on. who filled all the avail
able street space within hearing or see
ing distance, while all the adjacent roofs
and windows were filled with people who
listened with rapt attention to the pro
ceedings.
The roadway of Alabama street, be
tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth,
was fully accepted.
The ordinance providing for the doing
of street work o'n Fourth avenue, be
tween Hugo and H streets, was passed to
print.
The petition of the United RaJ*oads for
permission to maintain an oil storage tank
of 2.520,000 gallons or 60.000 barrels capac
ity was referred to the Fire Committee.
The petition of the Laborers' Protective
Union for an Increase from $2 50 to J3 per
day In the wages of all laborers em
ployed by the city was referred to the-
Joint committee on Finance and Streets,
which will meet next Friiay at 2 p. m.
The amended ordinance exempt' ne em
ployes of the Fire Department and De
partment cf .electricity, the Fire Marshal,
the Underwriters' Fire Patrol, the ortlco
of the Pacific Telephone Compai.y and the
headquartirs of the Veteran Volunteer
Firemen's Association from the payment
of fees for the. installation and mainte
nance of tapper gongs to connect with
the Fire and Police Telegraph syatsrn waa
referred to the Joint Fire and Police Com
mittee.
A proposed ordinance providing for the
registration by the Chief of Police of per
sons engaged in the business of lock
smithing, for the issuance of licenses for
such business and making it unlawful for
any person not registered and licensed
as a locksmlO: to engage in the business
of locksmithlng was referred yesterday lo
the Joint Police and Judiciary Committee
by the Board of Supervisors.
The ordinance was Introduced by Super
visor Walsh at the request of the Master
Locksmiths 1 , Electricians' and General'
Repairers' Association and is approved
by Chief of Police Wittman. The associa
tion calls attention to the fact that al
leged irresponsible parties having no fixed
place' of business make a practice of tak
ing out the inner mechanism of locks and
also have in their possession skeleton
keys and ¦' facilities for selling the same
to any. one who desires to use them for
unlawful, purposes. Also that records of
the Police Department show that by these
means vacan; houses are looted of ihe:r
plumbing and ga3 fixtures and rconu in
hotels and lodging-houses are robbed and
trunks opened.
The ordinance fixes the license at $2 50
per annum. : No license will be issued to
soliciting locksmiths and the ordinance
makes It unlawful for any hardware mer
chant to sell cut keys of any description
to any person but a licensed locksmith.
Action on the ordinance restricting tha
operation of any machine propelled by
electricity, gasoline, «team or ot!;er power
en any sidewalk or street, which is es
pecially aimed at the compressed air
housecleaning machines, was postponed
until November 9. This course was
agreeable to the supporters of the ordi
nance.
The following members of the Grand
Lodge of California took part in the cere
monies: '
O. S. Henderson, grand master: C. W. Nut
ting, deputy grand master; G. W.' Hunter,
senior grand warden : W. S. Moses. I Junior grand
warden; John Glasson. grand treasurer; George
Johnson, grand secretary; Ell T.". Blackmer,
grand lecturer: Rev. Jacob NIeto, grand chap
lain: E. H. Hart, grand orator; E. S.JVest. as
sistant grand secretary: W. Kettner, grand
marshal; Joseph D.PHlsbury, grand-Bible
bearer: J.' P. Greeley,- grand- sword bearer;
Theodore J. . Milllken, grand . standard bearer:
8. -Prager, senior; grand deacon; Adelbert-W.
Davidson, Junior - grand deacon: Roland E.
Hartley, senior grand steward; Orel- M. Gold
aracf na, grand permilvant; Samuel D. ¦ Mayer,
grand organist, and George P. Adams, grand
tyler.
The musical part of the programme was
In charge of Grand Organist Samuel D.
Mayer and was ably, carried out by the
King Solomon choir, , consisting of D.'.M.
Lawrence. R. >W.: Smith, A. Batkln and
L. A. Larscn. The hymns chosen were ap
propriate to the laying of the cornerstone:
'.'Great Architect of Earth and Heaven,""
"Thou Eternal, Thou ' Exalted," "Corn,
Wine and Oil" and "Behold, the Lord
Hath Laid."
MUSIC IS APPROPRIATE.
He closed with a grand peroration upon
the subject in question, which brought out
a great storm of applause.
All assembled then joined in a mighty
chorus, singing the doxology, and the
grand chaplain concluded the services by
offering the benediction.
He referred to the greatness of the lives
of Washington and Lincoln, to their
steadfastness of purpose, and said that in
every emergency In life they were suffi
cient. Theirs were characters that shone
with such brilliancy out into* the world
that their lights could never be dimmed
and could never ¦ fade. Theirs were the
characters of men— characters that we all
should try to emulate.'
Knowledge was to be sought for, - but
character waa higher than Intellect. Re
ferring to the temple, he said: "This is
not to be so beautiful as Solomon's tem
ple of old, but the teachings of the order
that possesses it •will live for centuries,
for they are the teachings that emanate
from character and manhood. Manhood
Is the truest test of greatness."
WASHINGTON AND LINCOLN.
Then followed the placing of the copper
box in the cornerstone, attended by the
usual formalities. It contained a record
of the proceedings of the Grand Lodge, F.
and A. M., in' Calif ornia in 1902; a copy of
the constitution of the Grand Lodge, F.
and-A.«M., of the same year; a copy of
Anderson's Manual, 1902; photographs of
officers of King Solomon's Lodge; a cop
perplate card containing the names of
the associate architects, Fred Burrage
"Wood, William Glen Copeland and Charles
Vincent Pierce; a Columbian half-dollar,
1903; United States coin donated by A.
Hagedon and other coins, list of names of
Grand Lodge officers, list of names of
King Solomon Lodge members, names of
board of directors of Western Addition
Masonic Hall Association, names of com
mittee of arrangements; copies of daily
papers of October 12, 1903— San Francisco
Call, San Francisco Chronicle and San
Francisco Examiner; copy of the Trestle
Board and copy of by-laws of King Solo
mon's Lodge. -
As soon as the stone bad been placed
in position the grand orator, E. H. Hart,
delivered an oration, choosing for his sub
ject "The Idea and Intents of the Ma
sonic Fraternity.'.' He began by paying a
glowing tribute to the men and women of
this State/ and took up the theme he had
chosen j for his discourse. Manliness, he
said, was the chief factor that built and
maintained the order.
COKNEKSTONE IS SEAI/ED.
"When fall the faded petals of the rose,
We do not sigh. 'No more will bloom again!'
Nor cry. 'No other throat will sing that strain!'
When the lark's carol trembles to Its close,
Faintly foreshadowed in the eunset glow.
The tender promise of the dawn we know.
Though dark the evening's wane.
••Lo« All our days are but as steps that tend
Unto their goal by an appointed way.
Let us not vainly murmur and delay.
But walk in faith unquestioning to the end.
Behind us lie the shadows, look before!
I* -ok to the broadening light and weep no more
For the lost yesterday'."
close at hand, we shall have fulfilled our mis
sion on this sphere. - •;
"Why turn we back to our lost yesterday.
With faltering feet and wistful, weeping eyes?
Docs all the year die with It. when It dies.
And life's whole growth and glory pass away?
Shows not to-day as fair a harvest yield?
Smiles not as green 'to-morrow's' budding field
That before us lies?
It is understood that the plea of tem
porary insanity will be made in the courts
on behalf of the prisoner.
Sophie Jordan testified that her sister
had kept company with the prisoner for
about four years, their engagement hav
ing been broken about a year ago. The
estrangement between him and her sister
she ascribed to the thrlftles shablts of Dc
Labrousse, Marie not having confidence
1st his ability to support her properly.
Leroy Harvey and J. Gambarini, eye
witnesses of the shooting, which took
place on September 29 in front of the Jor
dan home at 1459 Sacramento street, re
peated the statements they made to the
police shortly after the murder. They saw
De Labrousse shoot Marie three times
and then. fire a bullet into his own head.
That was just after the girl had stepped
inside the garden gate.
Dr. Lulgi Domenlco Bacigalupi, autopsy
surgeon for the Coroner, testified as to
the location of the three wounds in the
dead girl's body. He said that any one
of them would have been fatal. The bul
lets found by him in the wounds were of
38-caliber and fitted the revolver used by
De Labrousse. _*:'.*¦"> -';
He was brought handcuffed Into the In
quest room by Detective Reynolds, and as
soon as his eyes fell upon Sophie Jordan*
a sister of his victim, he sank Into a
chair, exclaiming: In heart-broken accents,
"My God! Marie! Marie!" He presented a
wretched appearance with the shadow of
his grief dark upon him and the white
bandages around his head covering the
•wound that marked his effort at suicide.
After hearing the testimony in the mat
ter of the Inquest upon the body of Marie
Jordan the Coroner's jury yesterday ren
dered a verdict charging her rejected
suitor, Edward de Labrousse, with mur
der. The Inquest did not develop any
thing new except the remorse of the mur
derer.
Supervisors Prepare to Oust
Poundmaster Irwin From
His Position.
Fitting Ceremonies Held on
Site of New King Solo
mon Temple.
Bill Restraining the Cleaning
Machines fc Gce3 Over
for Four Weeks.
Coroner's Jury Charges Ed
ward de Labrousse With
Crime of Murder.
Improvement Club Asks
City to Run Geary
Street Line.
Ride on Black Chargers
to Laying of Corner
stone.
Remorse and the Sight
of the Girl's Sister
Unmans Him.
Proposed Ordinance to
Be Considered by
Supervisors..
MASONS FORM
IMPOSING ARRAY
MARIE JORDAN'S
SLAYER WEEPS
STILL CLAMORS
FOR A SHADOW
LICENSES TRADE
OF LOCKSMITHS
BUILDING STONE ARCH TO GROWN
CALIFORNIA'S MINERAL DISPLAY
Design Is Approved for Structure That Will Loom Above the Exhibits
Consisting of Ores, Oils, Gems and Structural Materials of the State
and Draw Attention, of Nation to Resources of Many Rich Counties
THE Sifo FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 1 OCTOBER 13; 1903.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
_«»-w Has been success-
ftL^gJfifi^* 1"K actresses, sine-
yibbXT "T^y ers and women of
t,V2 --. fCSK fashion for nora
KrS *^ 'V9 than 25 years.
V5c *** I "Wherever ,*PP»^
\^J sorted through tha
V% Jtf pores of tho skin*
J and Its wonderful
-•' .'*^^-. : .' V lutritlon feeds th«
/*-% -^Stfr bebcottko ¦
mfe\ ¦£-.«¦«*¦ j
.7 As if .by. magic. on»
" *./*«>!•-* \A application . often
lEIWL^Cr-»howinff a remark-
* *^5»- i^flr 17 able Improvement.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD t» poeltlvely «
th« only preparation known to medical science
that will round out hollows in the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheeks,
arms and hands.
POB DEVEIiOPIS O IS! BUST
Or brea»ts shrunken from nuralne It has th«
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are often sufficient to make the bust firm.
ta Sgli? 1 Fr be THB Ul BMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular Price. $1-00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of. this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes.
In plain wrapper.
F n r-c — A sample box an<J our book.
K JtD -ART OF MASSAGE.- fully illus-
trated, will be sent free to any lady sendlns
10 cents to pay. for cost of mailing. Address
" DB. CHARLES CO, 19 Put Puw, >iw Twx.
Your Nerves
Furnish the motive power of the en-
tire, bodv Dr iY] iles'- Nervine will
keep the nerves strong and healthy
or restore. their strength if weakened.
Hold un fuHrsntff Wrttw for fre« book on
• nerrous rt»M-ases * .
. Dn Miles Medicai. Co.> F'vk,-. tnd
Goal Reduction
'.¦
American Cannel
Sold by All Reliable Dealers.