SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, r JULY 16, 1903.
J ONDON, July 16.—
*-^ A dispatch from Rome,
timed 6:50 this morning,
says the Pope passed a very
restless night and his con
dition this morning is con
siderably worse.
ROME, July 16, 3:25
a. m. — The beginning of
the second part of the night
was somewhat restless,
and Dr. Lapponi tried to
assist the patient with stim
ulants and nourishment,
The Pope slept from 12 to 1
o'clock, but his sleep was
too profound to be quite
natural.
IN the street carmen's case in Ean
Francisco yesterday the arbitration
' proceedings did not last long, but
vital points were brought to light
and there were several spirited con
tests between opposing counsel.
Attorney Moore opened the general case
for the United Railroads, and President
Holland was the first witness. Before he
was called, however, Moore made a pre
liminary statement that surprised the op
position.
"The officers of the company that are
to testify," ha said, "have prepared their
statements in advance, and I shall ask
to have them read into the records."
Livernash was surprised, but he was
on his feet at once with an objection,
which, however, was overruled.
President Holland's statement proved a
Asks Arbitrators
to Cut Scale
in Force.
PRESIDENT HOLLAND ALLEGES THAT
THE CARMEN'S WAGES ARE EXCESSIVE
ON THE UNITED RAILROAD'S LINES
D YING PATIENT IN THE VATICAN PASSES A RESTLESS NIGHT
AND THE COMING OF DAWN FINDS HIM GREATLY DEPRESSED
EMINENT AMERICAN PRELATE .WHO MS EXPECTED TO IMPRESS
. UPON. THE SACRED COLLEGE .THE TFACT THAT THE UNITED
STATES IS ENTITLED TO MORE CARDINALS.
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
Continued on Face 2. Column 4.
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
ST. LOUIS. July 15.— The Jury in the
case of Julius Lehmann, , former member
of the House of Delegates," charged, with
bribery In connection with the passage of
the city, lighting bill, returned a verdict
this afternoon finding the defendant
guilty. His punishment was fixed at sev
en ; years in the penitentiary, the . longest
term yet inflicted in any of the boodle
cases.' . -'. .. ; \. .
Seven Years for Boodling.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— The reported
seizure of islands off the coast of Borneo
by American warships apparently was as
great a surprise to the administration of
ficials In Washington as it was to mem
bers of Parliament In London. No infor
mation that such a step was contempla
ted has come from the admiral command
ing the . American fleet -in' Philippine
-waters, and ho exploitation along' the lines
indicated has been directed by the offi
cials here so far as could be ascertained
to-night. * "
A very, plausible explanation o* the re
ported occurrence is that the" command
ing I officer in the Philippines simply had
sent one or more of bis vessels and
hoisted the flag of the United States over
some islands near the coast, of Borneo
which were 'purchased by the United
States from . Spain subsequent to the
treaty -of Paris and that the sovereignty
of the United States over them had been
proclaimed * formally. These were the
Cagayan 'Zulu group, comprising one
large and fourteen smaller "Islands, and
\ho larger island of Palawan. These
islands : were not* comprehended within
the boundaries of ' the '. Philippine archi
pelago when the treaty of Paris was
signed. Th.e claim was made later, how
ever,', that' they .rightfully belonged to
Spain, and ¦ they were formally ceded to
the. United States by a subsequent action
ofV that "Government and our Congress
made an appropriation and pawl the pur
chase price agreed on for them.- "¦
LONDON, July 15.— According to the
Press Association a curious rumor was
current In the lobby of the House of
Commons to-night to the effect "that some
United States warships had seized about
twenty small islands off the coast of Bor
neo, which, it Is v - understood, belong to
Great Britain, and planted tho American
flag on | them. It is probable a question
on the subjedt will be asked In the House.
NEW YORK, jJuly 16.— Demoralization
in the stock "market to-day made it. up
to the time of* the closing rally, one of
the meet disastrous daya since the mem
orable panic of May 9,' 1901. New low
records for the year were made in the
trading on- a heavy volume of business.
Some of the declines in high-grade invest
ment stocks for the day ran all the way
from 4. to 7 points. In the early dealings
there was a rush to sell.j Prices dropped
sharply and in some cases precipitately,
with active stocks down 2 and 3 points
each and. witlv an extreme break of more
than" 50 points reported in St.' Louis and
San Francisco' and Chicago and. Eastern
Illinois certificates. .
The decline: was especially noteworthy,
however, in such stocks as St. Paul, New
'York Central, < Union Pacific, Canadian
Pacific, Missouri. Pacific.' United States
Steel and General Electric. ' . *
:,ln the last half hour covering by shorts
and Investments by bargain hunters were
responsible for partial' recoveries In many
issues and complete recoveries In .a.. few,
like St. Paul, which % closed 8 fractionally
above Tuesday's final quotations, t"' . '•
*' Traders were" naturally disposed t<T view
the selling of high-grade investment is
sues with" considerable uneasiness, on. the
theory that it forced soiling
opponents who were compelled- to »part
with their. securities to raise funds to pro
tect speculative accounts elsewhere in the
market.' Several' important interests were
sellers of. stocks that had been. carried oh
borrowed money ; for. a long r period, > the
sales being induced by the attitude of the
banks, which decided to - call In loans ' to
strengthen their, position, preparatory to
'the "expected 'calls 'on, their resources for;
crop movement purposes. \
• A'dlstinctly unfavorable impression was
created -by the announcement of an issue
of short time notes by the Union, Pacific
to the ; amount of ' $10,000,000; also smaller
loans by. several other railroad companies.
Following the borrowing by the; Burling
ton, the action of the Union" Pacific and
other roads in going into'the^, market^ for
money naturally 'affords ; ground 'for. un
easiness '* in . special I articles, particularly
as the" companies are forced, to pay stiff
Reported Seizure of
Islands by Our
Ships.
Demoralization in
Wall Street
Market.
LOW-RECORD
PRICES FOR
SECURITIES
RUMOR STIRS
CAPITALS OF
TWO NATIONS
The doctors are well, nigh exhausted
with their unceasing cares. Dr. Lappor.l.
in particular, spends' h"- entire nights as
well as days In f e sick room. Just be
fore mldnisbt his wife, wishing to see
him. went to the Vatican. She was taken
to a corridor near the sick room, where
she saw her husband for a few minutes.
An Important case before the British con.
sular court In Rome reauires the pres
ence of Dr. Lapponi. but this is Impos
sible because of the Pope's condition, antf
also because the Vatican ' affords extra
territorial privileges to ail within its pre
cincts.
The moderate tone of the bulletin that
followed the visit gave assurance that
the patient's condition was practically un
changed, while the expression that his
strength had not decreased afforded a
slight note of relief.
¦ Last evenine his Holiness complained
of a silent uneasiness in the chest, but
that he has not yet completely given up
hope was Indicated by his remark that
he expected the oppression to pass off
in a few days. During the day the Pope
drank a few drops of the healing waters
from the shrine at Lourdes, several bot
tles of which were sent to the Vatican
by the French Bishop in whose see Lour
des Is situated. A local paper gravely
announces that from the moment Popo
Ljeo swallowed the water an improvement
in his condition became apparent.
DOCTORS NEARLY EXHAUSTED.
During the day the Pope took a slight
amount of nourishment. Through the
morning he was quite restless, shifting
uneasily on bis bed and complaining of
being unable to secure- an easy position.
Later he became drowsy and during the
afternoon had some sleep. The assem
blage of the doctors at half past 5 o'clock,
two hours before the usual time, was not
duo to any alarming turn In the Pope's
condition, but through the wish thorough
ly to go over every .detail of the situation.
. > "ROME, July 15. — At the present mo
ment the disease of hiSfHcliness baa lost
its character of absolute gravity which.
it had at its acute period. It might be
considered to have entered the period oC
possible solution. This might occur in a
man of strong fiber and young, but it is
impossible to entertain such a hope In
the case of a man in his ninety-fourth
year. With him the physical energy ab
solutely indispensable for recovery la
lacking. Pope Leo's organism is perfect
and as such maintains itself after ninety
three years of never Interrupted work,
but his motor force is no longer sufficient
for the complex functions essential to life.
In other words, the ninety-three years of
Pope Leo XIII bring him Into that cate
gory, of extraordinary longevity when Ufa
is destined to flicker ont In lependent of
the action of any pathological complica
tions. The only service that science and
affection can render is that of struggling
to have this precious existence- preserved
to us as long aa possible.
"GAETANO MAZZONL"
RAVAGE WROUGHT BY IIXNESS.
One of the doctors In attendance on
the Pontiff gave yesterday a graphic word
picture of Pope Leo as he now appears.
That smile that lighted up the Pontiff's
face even in extreme age. has disap
peared, probably forever. The skin is
drawn tightly over the bone framework of
his face, leaving only the bright eyes
staring dimly, from the deeply sunken
sockets. A grayish pallor overspreads his
countenance, but the noticeable ravage
wrought by hi-s present disease is the
dropping of the lower Jaw, which has
made the Pope's features take on the
fjxed risiuity of death.
Throughout yesterday the precincts of
the Vatican were comparatively quiet and
the immediate vicinity of the sick room
showed none of the evidences of agita
tion and alarm so apparent on Tuesday.
In marked contrast to previous days, the
patient was kept in almost absolute se
clusion, only one person besides the phy
sicians gaining admission. This one was
Mgr. Pifferl, the Pope's confessor. Oth
ers, including Cardinals Satolli and Sera
flno Vannuttelli. came to the ante-cham
ber, but they did not press for admis
sion to the sick room, being aware of
the doctors' earnest wish to afford the
august patient every opportunity of avoid
ing mental efforj.
PATIENT IS RESTLESS.
July 16.— Dr. Mazzonl, In re-
JfM ply to the question, "Can the*
F^T Pope recover?" gave to the press
• late last night the following signed
statement:
It is therefore believed If she has car
ried her threat into execution the bodies
will be found hi some rooming-house.
There are .hundreds of such houses iri
Los Angeles and,- although tho.; search
through them has been in progress all
night, not the slightest trace of the wom
an, or children has been found. Her
brother-in-law came to Los Angeles from
Santa Ana' to-night to assist in- the
search, but, he: could do nothing.
He stated that the woman had un
doubtedly been rendered Insane through
grief over the death of her husband. Be
fore, her. marriage; she was injured about
the head in a runaway and a piece of
her skull had s to be ' removed, but until
the deatn of her -husband there was noth
ing to indicate that she was of .unsound
mind.' The search; will ; be,; continued to
morrow, if ; necessary,, but the police be
lieve 1 the; bodies., will. j be found In the
morning., unless , the mother has chosen
some secret place liko\ the basement of
a vacant house .to : commit the .crimes
which. she" threatened. .
SEARCH FOR THE BODIES.
A few weeks ago she moved to Berke
ley, intending to open a boarding-house,
hoping to secure the patronage of stu
dents of the State University. She spent
some time there and not finding the place
to her liking went to San Francisco, but
later returned to Berkeley, where her fur
niture was unpacked, but the proposed
boarding-house ,was never opened.
The first intimation Mrs.- Hughlett's
relatives had of anything wrong was on
Monday, when they received a postal
card from her, in which she announced
that they would hear from her only once
more because she had decided to give up
the struggle. She said she would come
to some place In the State more conven
ient for them and there do what she had
long contemplated. She left Berkeley last
Saturday night and came to this city, but
where she stopped Is not known. This
morning Mrs. Julius Goeffer of Santa
Ana, sister of Mrs. Hughlett, received a
letter from her dated Los Angeles, the
postmark showing that it was mailed last
night after 8 o'clock. >
The letter was to the effect that after
studying over the matter for months she
had decided to end, her life and being un
willing that others should have the care
of her children 'had decided to give them
what she took herself. She wrote of what
she had done with her personal effects,
most of them having been shipped back
to Santa Ana, her baggage being In this
city, but she told where the baggage
checks were and what should be done with
her . effects. . She mentioned articles she
wanted her friends to have, and ' after
these gifts had been made the balance of
her property and, about $200 in cash was
to become the property of her sister. The
letter ends with the statement that by
the time It was received by her sister she
would be dead. There was nothing What
ever in the letter to Indicate from what
point in Los Angeles it had been written,
but she mentioned the fact that she had
engaged rooms.
WARNS ?ER RELATIVES.
Mrs. Hughlett until recently ; lived * in
Santa Ana and there her husband, a. well
known citizen. . died, less '4'han -a year. ago.
The • death of her husband' caused her to
become so despondent that she would eat
notching for ''days at a time. .She 'seemed
to fear that she would be unable to care
for her children properly and had been
heard to express a desire to Join her hus
band if she could- take her children with
her. Friends tried; to cheer her without
success, but by appealing to her for h<?r
children's sake and urging her to do
something for them, she appeared to
again take; heart.
The reason for the search and the fear
that a terrible tragedy has been com
mitted is that a sister of the woman re
ceived at Santa Ana to-day a letter in
which the writer stated that when it was
received she and her two children would
be dead, for she had decided to kill them
and then end her own life. - ' .
LOS ANGELES. July 15.— In some ob
scure' rooming-house the police believe
will be found to-morrow the body of Mrs.
Mary Hughlett and those of her two
children, Frank aged 14 years, arid Grace,
aged 12 years, the children dead by the
mother's hand and she a suicide. The
police to-night are trying to find them,
but there are so many places where the
double murder and suicide might . be
committed that their efforts have been
unsuccessful.
/
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says Pontiffs Age
Precludes His
Recovery.
Farewell Letter Gives Warn
l ing That She Will End
Their Lives.
Police Seek Bodies of
Woman and Her
Two Children.
Dr. Mazzonl Gives
Out Hopeless
Statement
Mother Writes of
Murder and
buicide.
NOTE TELLS
OF TRAGEDY
IMPENDING
TUCSON. Ariz.. July 15.— A Star spe
cial from Guayxnas/Mcxico. says an Eng
lish tramp steamer landed 1400 Chinese at
that port yesterday. .The steamer came
direct from Chinese '•> ports. -During the
last thirty days, according to Guaymas
advices,, fully 3000 Chinese . have -landed
there. The largo immigration is due to
favorable Mexican immigration laws.
Chinese Are Flocking to Mexico.
Between 2000 and 5000 natives were kill
ed. No Europeans lost their lives. The
loss of property was immense. Several
French merchants were ruined.
PARIS. July 15.— Late reports of the
typhoon in Tonquin on June 8 and 9 rep
resent it as having :been far more se
rious than was -at first reported. Hanoi
was devastated and Namdln completely
leveled. ->; ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
En tire Districts De
vastated in
Tonquin.
surprise to everybody, to the carmen In
particular, for he took the ground that
the company is paying too much to its
men. H e went so far as to say that the
company reluctantly adopted the present
schedule Just after the strike. If the
board could grant the request he would
like to' have the arbitrators agree to lower
wages. \
In the course of his testimony he said
he had, learned that he could get men
from New Jersey and St. Louis for the
wages the men were earning here before
the strike. .
QUINN" REAPPEARS.
To pour oil on the troubled waters be
fore the session closed yesterday after
noon Conductor Quinn, who furnished all
the fun earlier In the proceedings, was
recalled by Attorney Moore and asked if
he had lost much money en "the ponies."
Qulnn protested that he would not an
swer the Question, but he had so little
control of his tongue that before he could
complete a sentence he would reply to
every ouestion he was asked.
Attorney Moore in his opening argu
ment-briefly, said, in part:
. In reference to the Increase of the t pay of
the carmen, we simply say that the new sched
ule of wa*es was fixed In April, 1002, and that
wages were then raised 17^4 per cent The
raise was not Intended for that fixed time, but
they were raised with a view of permanency.
On the^second question of the carmen, we
say that- we will prove that the supply of car
men Is far In advance of the demand.
On the third demand of the men In reference
to the Increased cost' of. living;,- we win prove
that th« cost of living is not greater than It
was In April. 1002.
NEW PROCEDURE.
. .Our. procedure in the case will be similar Tlo
the means adopted by counsel of the "carmen's
unlcn. Whenever practical' we shall call wit
nesses. As to the 'officials of the company.
THOUSANDS
OF VICTIMS
OF TYPHOON
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED RAILROADS. WHO FRANKLY STATED
IN HIS TESTIMONY THAT CARMEN'S WAGES SHOULD BE RE
DUCED, AND COUNSEL FOR THE CORPORATION.
The first fight occurred when a truck
loaded with freight, escorted by police
bound for the Burlington depot was pass'
in* the corner of Harrison and Peorla
etreets. A howling mob of a thousand
men and boys was following close upon
the police and pelting them with stones
and sticks. Teamsters who sympathized
with the strikers got their wacons J in
the way of the Kellogg Company's wag
on, causing a blockade. The police en
deavored- to dear the street, when the
workmen on an unfinished building close
by showered them with bricks. The offi
cers drew their revolvers end fired at
thr workmen, who hastily fled to the in
terior of the building. The police kept
up their fire through the windows and
drove nearly all the workmen from the
place. The route* to the depot was then
taken up and, although there were sev
eral blockades, the wagon reached the
depot. The second fight occurred when
the police were escorting a wagon load
cf freight to the warehouse of the Ter
minal Transfer Company at Ogden aye
cue and Twelfth street. A mob of 3000
followed this wagon and. although the
police were outnumbered 100 to 1, they
took the wagon safely to the depot. The
mob had greatly increased by the time
the wagon was read;- to make the return
trip and for half a mile It pursued the
police, applying to them all sorts of epi
thets and peltinc ther- with sticks and
stones, without, however. Injuring any
persons seriously. The climax came at
Congress street and Ogden avenue, when
a private watchman fired at one of the
mob. The shofr went wide. ' but It in
flamed tne mob, and with shouis an<i
yells they charged the police. The offi
cers fouffht with fists and clubs and in
less than three minutes had put every
member of the mob to night. Fully a
<3oren men with broken neafls were left
lying In the street. About twenty ar
rests were made during the day. Both
eldei to tnt strike remain stubborn. '
* CHICAGO, July 15.— Desperate fighting
between the police and the strikers of
the Kellogg Switchboard Company took
place this afternoon and evening. In one'
Instance the police opened fire with re
volvers, but nobody was injured. Later
the DoIIce laid out a number of men.
eome of whom were left in the etreet
until their friends returned and picked
them up.
Desperate Fighting
in Streets of •
Chicago.
POLICE SHOOT
INTO A MOB
OF STRIKERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 40.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.California souvenirs. Great variety at
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street. •
SAN JOSE. July 15.— The Borrelly comet Is
traveling northwestward about . five degrees
dally Instead of south westward, as was pre
viously announced In the press dispatches.
More Than Mile and a Half a Minute.
NEWARK. N. J.. July 16.— A company,
capitalized at $123,000, has been organized
here to build a line of railroad from New
York to Buffalo, which it is proposed
shall be operated by compressed air. The
projectors assert a speed of nlnety-flve
miles an hour will be achieved.
J. W.Schouten and M. J. Savage each
filed a suit for $3000 [ damages yesterday
against G. B- Baker, T. Hodge, W. S.
Pardy, W. A. Jacobs and Claus i Kruger.
They charge the defendants with entering
Into a conspiracy to defraud them out of
the amount sued for and falsely repre
senting to them r the ¦ conditions under
which the Savage Oil Company was In
corporated. . • ..;"--•
Say They Were Swindled.
"¦ No one can watch : with more zealous Interest
than I do the progress of the colored race, -and
with the colored man as with the white man
the • first ' Btep • must fce ' for him to show his
ability to take care of himself and those de
pendent upon blm." -
WASHINGTON, July 15— A large hall,
recently , erected by the United Order of
True Reformers, a * fraternal; and bene
ficial organization composed and man
aged entirely by negroes, > was r dedicated
here- to-day with elaborate ceremonies.
President Roosevelt sent a - letter regret
ting his. inability to be present and say
ing:. ...... , .:.. , .;.. . -. ..- .
I most earnestly believe In all Industrial and
beneficial organizations of this character, whose
purposes are to teach the* I««sons of. -thrift,
economy, : industry. ¦¦ self-dependence * and • self
reliance.' • . -..-'• ¦ , ¦
Says Colored Man Must Show Ability
to Take Care of Him
'self.
PRESIDENT WBITES
i y}'. TO NEGRO , SOCIETY
Sheriff's Posse Prevents Lynching of
a New Baltimore Negro.
ALBANY. N. Y., July 15.— James Little,
the ijegro who attacked a little girl near
New Baltimore yesterday and who was
removed to the Catskill <ail for fear a
mob would lynch him, was laken back to
New Baltimore to-day for arraignment
before a local justice. He was guarded
by- an especially strong Sheriff's 'posse In
anticipation of trouble.
At New Baltimore a mob composed of
farmers, striking molders from Soxsacie
and Bothans had gathered. Among them
was Joseph Cole, the father of the 11
year-old girl assaulted.- Cole drew a re
volver, but was disarmed by a deputy
sheriff. The prisoner was taken safely to
the Jail. The favorable condition of the
child has somewhat allayed the excite
ment, although there is still danger of
an outbreak. . - .
Little pleaded not guilty and was held
to the Grand Jury.
SAVED FROM MOB.
SALT. LAKE, July 15.— According to a
decision of the State Supreme Court, a
man is under moral, but not legal obli
gation to support his plural wives and
educate his children by such unions. The
decision was rendered In the case on ap
peal from the Utah County District Coort
in a suit for . separate maintenance
brought by Mary Caroline Riddle, a
plural wife of Isaac Riddle. The Supreme
Court Is of the opinion that, "notwith
standing celestial or plural marriage is
one of the essential tenets of the Mor
mon church, the legal status of marriage
exiBts between parties who in Utah, be
fore the enactment of any statute upon
the subject, though members of that
church have made a contract of mar
riage in which they mutually agree to as
sume and observe the legal obligations of
that relation, and in pursuance of that
agreement openly cohabit as man and
wife and hold themselves out to the pub
lic as such. But In the absence of such
an agreement ¦ the legal status of mar
riage cannot arise." •' .
Supreme Court of Utah Decides That
Only Moral Law Governs Illegal
Marriages.
SUPPOBT OF PLUBAL WIFE
1 NOT A LEGAL OBLIGATION
LONDON, July 15.— The treaty between
Great Britain and Persia which was hint
ed at by the Marauls of Lansdowne In
his 6peech in the House of Lords on May
7, when he proclaimed the "British Mon
roe doctrine" in the Persian Guli. is the
subject of a blue book issued to-day. The
treaty was concluded at Teheran on Feb
ruary 9 and was ratified on May 27. It
grants reciprocally the most favored na
tion treatment to each country and un
dertakes to allow British merchandise
any reduction conceded to merchandise
Imported from Russia.
Scope of Aaglo-Persian Treaty.
MAYVILLE. Ky., July 15.— Enraged at
the courts, a mob broke into the Flem
ingsburg Jail early to-day and hanged
William Thacker, a white man, who had
been given a life sentence for the mur
der of John Gordon two years ago.
Thacker in a quarrel with Gordon shot
and killed him,' then sat on the body, rifle
In hand, while 'he smoked his pipe and
dared any one to attempt to arrest him.
At the time Thacker escaped, but was
later arrested. After two trials he was
sentenced to life Imprisonment.
Gordon was a good citizen and an in
offensive man. After being sentenced
Thacker appealed to the Court of Ap
peals and was waiting for another trial.
Thacker had some money and was able
to command the support. of some influen
tial men and it was feared that he might,
escape punishment altogether.
The mob collected at Mount Carmel,
where Gordon once lived, and came Into
Flemincsburg by twos and threes in order
not to arouse suspicion. They advanced
upon the jail shortly after midnight. The
jailer refused to surrender the keys. He
was overpowered and the keys taken
from him. Thacker was hurried to a tree
near the t jail* and was given tlirfe* in
which to say his prayers, which he re
fused to do, but begged for his life. To
hut* h his cries he was hit on the . head
with a rock and his unconscious body
strung up until life had become extinct.
Kentucky Citizens Hang
Perpetrator of Brutal
Murder.
MOB ACTS WHEN
LAW TEMPORIZES
BAKER CITY, Or.. Juiy 15.— A double
tragedy occurred three miles east of Dur
kee, In this county, to-day. A. A. Earl of
Caldwell, Idaho, killed a young girl
known as Blossom and then committed
suicide to avoid arrest by pursuing offi
cers. Earl, who was a married man
about 35 years of age," with a wife and
two children, eloped with the girl, who
was between 15 and 16 years of age,
Tuesday. They came to Huntlngton early
to-day and walked west on the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation track toward
this city. Sheriff Watkins of Canyon
County, Idaho, followed Earl and his
companion with a warrant for their ar
rest and at Huntlngton was joined by
Deputy Sheriff Hanna of this county. The
officers struck the trail of the man and
girl and overtpok them on the railroad
track three miles east of Durkee. When
the eloping couple discovered the officers
were following them -they left the mil
road and hid in the brush. Shortly after
ward the officers heard two shots in quick
succession and found that the man had
shot the girl and himself. The girl lived
about fifteen minutes. Karl lived three
and a half hours.
Married Man Kills Girl Who Ban
Away With Him and ,Then
Commits Suicide.
ELOPEMENT IS FOLLOWED
BY A DOUBLE TRAGEDY
The funeral service will occur on Fri
day and the body will be burled at Wash
ington.
Mrs. Blalne's maiden name was Harriet
Btanwood. She was trie daushter of a
leading citizen of the Btate of Maine. She
met her husband while' both of them
were teachers in a school in Kentucky.
They were married at Pittsburg and later
came to Augusta, where Mr. Elaine be
came editor of the Kenebec Journal, fine
leaves one son, James G. Blaine. and two
daughters. Mrs. Harriet Beale and Mrs.
Walter Damrosch of New Tork, who
were at her bedside during her last 6ick
ness. • .
Mrs. Blalne was 78 years of age. From \
"Washington a short time ago she came
to . the old family residence on State
Ftreet. £hc was in an enfeebled condi
tion and had been under almost constant
medical attention since. During the past
week she failed rapidly. Her condition
was due to a. general breakdown of the
system.
AUGUSTA. Me'.. July 15.-Mrs. James
G. Blalne died at the Blalne homestead
here to-day.
THREE PROMINENT FIGURES
EN THE KENTUCKY REPUB
LICAN CONVENTION.
Worn With Illness She
Dies at Family Home
in Maine.
they will be placed on the stand and a sworn
statement read by them, and if counsel from
the other eide wish to redirect examine them
he may do so at the conclusion of their state
ment.
President Holland was then' called to
the ' stand and read the following state
ment:-* :
. I. was chosen president of the United Rail
roads of San Francisco on May 22, 1902. hav
ing been acting president since March 31, 1002,
when I assumed the duties of the office.
' At that time the ware scale in effect upon
the several divisions of the United Railroads
varied -somewhat. The United Railroads on
April 1, 1902, assumed the management and
ownership of the several street railway prop
erties known- as the Market Streat Railway
system, the main portion of the -Slitter Street
Railway system, the Sutro Railroad and the
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
system. On these, lines motormen. grtpmen,
drivers and . conductors were, receiving the fol
lowing rates of pay: .
The Market street' system — 22c per hour for
the first five years. 23c per hour for the second
five years, '24c per hour for the third five years,
25c per hour for the fourth five years and there
after., . ? .. .- ... .. -
, Putter street system — 21c per hour flat.
The Sutro system — 22c per hour flat.
The San Francisco and San Mateo system —
22c per hour flat. ' ,
AIl f of which on May 1. 1902. were to have
been placed ontfcs same wage' basis as the
Market street system. . . _
WAGES TOO HIGH.
It'was'not th<» policy of the new * manage
ment to make any radical or rud/en change
in the . personnel of the operating department
o^the railway, nor was it the Intention of the
company to. reduce wages, although the wage
scal»s In effect were high by comparison with
wage 'scales .in effect In other large cities on
this coast, and elsewhere,. The first concern
of the officials of the company was to effect an
economical consolidation of the physical prop
erties and to give to the public the Improved
service that • consolidation would render possi
ble.
Before the details of reorganization were
well under way. viz.. on the 19th day of
April, 1002, less than three weeks after taking
over the properties, a strike was declared and
all of the company's lines were "tied up."
The company gave the most careful consid
eration of' all- of "the carmen's demands. The
wage demand of 2ft cents per hour was con
sidered exorbitant. We were unable to find
a similar high scale prevailing on any large
system of street railways In America for men
in similar employment. At that time, to-wlt.
In April, 1902. I made or caused to be made,
an inquiry of other street railway companies
on this coast as to the rates of wages then
prevailing on their respective lines. The fol
lowing summary sets forth the replies received
from such companies In answer to . euch in
quiries and these were the wage scales then
prevailing on these lines:
At Los Angeles; Cal. — The Los Angeles Rail
way Company paid the following rates: Un
der three years. 20c per hour: over three and
under five years. 21c per.feour: over five years,
22c per hour. The Lo« Angeles Traction Com
pany riald th» same rates. !
At Oakland. Cal.— The Oakland Transit Com
pany paid the .following rates: Under three
years. 21c per hour: over three years. 22c per
hour; work from 10 to 11 hours per day.
At Sacramento, Cal. — The Sacramento Elec
tric, Gas and Railway Company paid the fol
lowing rates: First two years. 18c per hour;
next three years. 10c per hour: next three
years, 20c per hour; after eight years' service.
21c per hour.
At San Diego. Cal. — San Diego Electric
Railway Company paid Its carmen 20c per hour.
At Fresno, Cal. — The Fresno, BolmonJ and
Yosemlte Railroad Company paid its carmen
$2 per day. . -
At Portland. Ore. — The. City and Suburban
Railway Company paid Its regular men 22ftc
per hour, and Its extra men 20c per hour.
At Seattle. Wash. — The Seattle Electric
Company paid Its men 22c per hour.
At Spokane, Wash.— The Washington Water
Power Company paid Its men for the first six
months 18c per hour: 12 months 20c per hour;
12 months 21c per hour; then 22V£c until 10
years' service: after which 2So per hour. Max
imum hours 12 to 13, according to run. One
day off per week without pay. No express
limit as to (time within which swing runs shall
be completed.
At'Tacoma. Wash. — The Tacoma Railway
and Power Company paid their men a sliding
scale according to character of runs and length
of sen-Ice. New men have single truck runs
and old men have cable and double truck runs.
Base rates: Single truck. 18c; cable and dou
ble truck, 2Oc for city runs; long distance hljrh
ppeed suburban passenger and freight, 22VsC.
To above rnte they add lc an hour for every
five years' service. Average of runs about 21.
Old men have choice of runs according to sen
iority."
FILES OBJECTION.
At this juncture Livernash objected to
the introduction- of. any testimony rela
tive to the wages paid car men in other
cities. He said In part:
On behalf of th« union which is a party to
this arbitration, I enter a formal objection to
the testimony sought to b* adduced by the
question just put. As the ground of the ob
jection I represent that this testimony Ik In
competent, Irrelevant and Immaterial. It
would be Inherently unjust. un-American and
Industrially unsafe and unsound for the Ar
bitration Commission to Indulge the standard
contended for by the United Railroads, under
cover of the question put, aa a right standard
for fixing wages of members of our union.
The standard. I take It, contended for as
agalnzt the' union is such standard as might be
ascertained' If the old ' Rlcardo law of supply
and demand were to be gi\-en free play. And
we urge that conditions In San Francisco and
conditions generally In America physically for
bid the free play of the law of supply and de
mand in the labor market; end that the high
est demands of American civilization will re
quire that this Arbitration Commission should
do nothing tending to substitute the law of
supply and demand for the law invoked by our
union.
I shall not at this time engage In any argu
ment upon this subject-matter, but when I am
In the presence of the arbitrators themselves
I shall support my objection by both parole
and written plea.
FIRST IMPULSE.
Continuing at the close of the objection
of Livernash, President Holland stated:
The first impulse was to resist this demand
or compromise It, but, being assured that to
concede a substantial advance upon the highest
wages paid on any large system on this coast
or elsewhere | in America would permanently
put labor troubles behind U3, and, wishing the
good will of our men and the public, the com
pany practically granted every demand- made
by the men, except one, which has since been
granted, to-wlt: The company declined 1 to
recognize the union, but agreed to treat^wlth
committees of its own employes. The settle
ment was adjusted April 20. 1002.
president Holland then read the agree
ment entered Into between the United
Railroads and the Carmen's Union.
Continuing. President Holland said:
In less than four months another controversy
was threatened, and I am' advised that new
demands were prepared to be served upon tha
company in August last, but that wiser coun
sel advised a j postponement of such demands
until the presentation of those now under con
sideration. -
COMPANY'S SCHEDULE.
On March 18. 1903. the demands in contro
versy were served upon the company and these
demands with the Bubsequent replies- and cor
respondence constitute the basis of the present
arbitration under which this company has
presented for the consideration of the arbiters
the following scale of wages: 22Vi cents per
hour for the first year, 23 cents per hour for
the second year, 23 Vi cents per hour for the
third year, 24 cents per hour for the* fourth
year, 25 cents per hour for the fifth year.
The legal rate of fare In San Francisco Is 5
cents. This rate Is fixed by law and cannot
be increased by the company, nor Is any addi
tional charge made for trans^rs.
The franchises held by the company are not
perpetual, as ' lfl frequently the case in other
communities. They were originally granted to
our predecessors in Interest for a term of fifty
years between . twenty and thirty years ago.
Under the present charter of the city and
county of Ban Francisco street railway fran
chises may only be granted tor the period of
twenty-five years. . At the expiration of such
franchises the roadbed, rails, superstructures
and all fixtures t>n the public streets become
the property of the city. During the twenty
five-year Hie of the franchise the company re
ceiving the same must pay into the city treas
ury the following percentages of Its gross re
ceipts: Three per cent for the first five years,
4 per cent for the next ten years, 5 per cent
for the next ten years.
HIGHEST WAGES.
On behalf of the "Onited Railroads of San
Francisco, I may say that this company will
well- and /faithfully carry out the terms and
live up- to the. true spirit and Intent of such
contract aa may be - finally entered into be
tween itself on the one hand and the Carraen'i
Union on the other hand. .' • -
Grave; consequences, rest upon the decision
of this board. A great sum is Involved to this
company. But above and beyond this Is the
almost certain disastrous effect a diminution
of. hours or an* Increase of wagea will have
upon other car lines and upon other Industries
on 'the Pacific Slope. Already the' highest
wages prevail her*, and If one may predicate
prophecies of the future upon happening* of
the past, It is safe to say tbat a change In
hours or . wages on the ¦ largest street ' railway
system on the coast. will bring about demand*
for similar changes on. every other line in th«
West. Indeed, its effect would reach further
still, for a scale . of < waxes ranging from 33 1-3
cents • upward must offer inducement to the
carmen throughout America who are receiving
from 13 and 14 cents per hour upward, to de-»
mand. and. If refused, strike for higher com
pensation. < This Is a condition that neither
friend of labor nor friend of capital can wish
to hasten . , . .
-.When President Holland concluded read
At the night session the report of the
committee on credentials was not quite
ready and an adjournment was taken un
til to-morrow. The delay in the conven
tion was caused by the contest over the
Louisville delegation, the Wilson forces
developing unexpected strength. While
waiting for news of the committee
would do, the delegates called Incessant
ly for Bradley, showing that the effects
of the outburst of the afternoon had not
been dissipated. The Bradley sentiment,
so suddenly but strongly developed, [Un
settled the calculations of the politicians.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue
Yerkes made a speech during the evening
Indicating his preference for Belknap.
STILL WANT BRADLEY.
Bradley has been supporting Hon. A. E.
WHso'n, who is contesting the entire
Louisville delegation.
After half an hour of steadily growing
excitement the convention was suddenly
adjourned unjil to-night.
The resolution was read by ex-Governor
Bradley without having first obtained
consent, but it was unanimously adopted
by a rising vote.
Immediately afterward Mr. Bradley
was given a tremendous . ovation. He
made an address, in which he appealed
for honest elections and honest conven
tions and referred indirectly to the con
test over the Louisville delegation by
pleading that the delegates nominate only
a man whose methods had been fair and
'honest and one who could command
united support. The speech was power
fully . put and there immediately began
what threatened to become a stampede
to Bradley. Hundreds of delegates gath
ered about him and admonished him that
he was the man who most nearly resem
bled the picture he had himself drawn.
If Bradley had bcon placed in nomination
then he would have received an almost
unanimous vote.
Former Governor Bradley then' offered
the following resolution:
Resolved. That we. the Republicans of Ken
tucky, express our heartfelt approval and ad
miration of • the administration of Theodore
Roosevelt and that we heartily Indorse him
for the Republican nomination for President
In 15)01.
INDORSE ROOSEVELT.
The convention was called to order by
State Chairman C. M. Barnett. There
are three candidates for Governor/ Colonel
Morris B. Belknap, Hon. Augustus E.
Wilson and Attorney General Clifton B.
Pratt. Chairman Barnett announced that
the State Central Committee would waive
its right to arbitrarily name the tem
porary chairman and called for nomina
tions. Major William C. Owens was
named by the Belknap forces, while
Charles Blanford received a large part of
the combined strength of the Wilson and
Pratt forces. The result was a vote of
1571 to 675 In favor of Owens. This vote
cast in the contest for Governor would
enable Belknap to win 'even should he
lose the contested Louisville delegation
of 249 votes.
the Auditorium this afternoon
and the situation is full of possibilities
for more pyrotechnics before final ad
journment is taken. The salient features
of the afternoon gathering were an in
dorsement of President Roosevelt's can
didacy in 1904.. which upset the calcula
tions of several . shrewd leaders, who, it
Is charged, were figuring on ignoring that
point in the platform.' and what amounted
almost to a stampede to former Governor
William O. Bradley, who is not an an
nounced candidate, after Colonel Morris
B. Belknap had, on a test vote for tem
ponfty chairman, apparently shown that
he could win hands down on the first
ballot.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., July 15.—Spec
tacular In the extreme was the
opening session of the Kentucky
Republican State Convention in
"No, I don't mean that— that Is putting
the matter too severely. What I mean is
that a carman who has to wear three or
four coats to keep warm in the depth of
winter in the East 1* entitled to more
money than a man working in San Fran
cisco. The conditions of life _ are easy
here. a"nd we can get all the men we want
to work," he added.
"Well. then. Mr. Holland, you also think
that wages should be governed by supply
and demand; and I ask whether you think
you can get men to work for less money
on the cars?" Llvernash asked.
"I have no doubt of It," promptly re
plied Holland.
GET PLENTY OF MEN.
"Where can you get the men?" asked
Livernash.
"Many places— New Jersey, for instance.
David Young has informed me that he
Could get all the men he wanted to come
from there and work for less, and be glad
to get the work". lam informed that
there were 2000 men obtainable."
"Oh, then, you have looked around to
PAID TOO MUCH.
"Yes, I should like to see them adopt
ed." replied Holland. "I think the present
wages of the carmen are too high. Yes,
we want to see the wages reduced."
"What are your reasons for wishing to
see the carmen's wages reduced?" contin
ued Livernash. "'.¦„ . '
"Oh, there are many reasons. I thought
at the close of the strike that the men
were presenting a very extreme rate. My
first reason is that with the exception of
Butte. Mont., no street car men are paid
as high wages as In San Francisco. My
second reason is that the climatic condi
tions are so favorable to the carmen here
that I think they are paid too much."
"Well, Mr. Holland, do you think that
the carmen's wages should be governed
by the studying of a thermometer?" Liv
ernash asked.
ing his statement Attorney Moore wheeled
around sharply to Llvernash and said.
"Take the witness."
From then on until the close of the ses
sion Llvernash and President Holland
went at it hammer and tongs.
"I see the company haa presented to
the board of arbitration" a new schedule
o'f wages." said Llvernash. "They are
lower than the present rate of wages, are
they, not, Mr. Holland? /Would you like
to see them adopted?"
get other men?"
"No, I simply got this information so
as to be informed concerning the labor
market." replied Holland. "We could
supply the demand In three days."
"Oh. I suppose if there were no Immi
gration laws to stop you, you could get
10.000 Japs from Japan." snapped LJver
nash.
Continuing Llvernash said. "I certainly
know that should you attempt to ship out
trainloads of men from the East you
would not be allowed to run your cars."
At this stage Moore Jumped into the
fray with. "Well, now, as an American
citizen, I »m glad te know Just how you
stand. I suppose you would stop these
men by force of arms."
WOULD NOT USE FORCE.
"I did not say anything about force of
arms. I do say, though." said LJvernash.
"that there are'50.000 union men here and
they would preVent any such steps being
taken.. There was a car strike here re
cently and there was no disorder."
"No, there was no disorder." said
Moore, "but a vast amount of intlmida
tlon. You should go over to Oakland nor
and see what I mean. "When a linenan
goes out to fix a wire one or two mer fol
low on bicycles shouting 'scab' or prate.*
or something of that nature. We have
come to a climax. Mr. Llvernash. and I
can plainly see your views. Y03 don't
think It is right for an American Id go to
work if the unions won't allow him to
work. Let me congratulate you; I am
glad to see you so sincere."
A few minutes before recess Cq.iductor
Quinn of the Union street Un« »vas re
called. He said that he went not to the
races about once a month in the season
and that he was always given a ticket by
a friend of Tom Williams. He did not
know whether the carmen of the\Callfor
nia street line did or did not play, the
races. He did not consider that Ir was
his business to know.
The case will be resumed at 10 o'clock
this morning. •
Airship Ready for Trial Trip.
WASHINGTON. July 15.— Professor S.
P. Langley'a new airship was towed down
the Potomac River to-day to a secluded
point on the Lower Potomac, where it
will be given it3 initial trial as soon as
some few detalls^can be arranged.
"The conclave, in view of the authority
which Cardinal Gibbons will exercise, will
probably pave the way for a more just
representation of the United States in
the sacred college which will bear its
fruits In the next conclave. But even now
the Catholics of republican United
States will not permit that a monarchical
nation should intervene in the coming
conclave with its veto and thus affirm Its
historical risht to have at the Vatican
an ally of European monarchies.
"For the moment, while awaiting the
forthcoming transformation of the sacred
college In their favor, the Catholics of
the -United States demand a new Pope
with modern ideas— ideas which will lead
him to approve the action of American
Catholicism; a Pope who will maintain
most friendly relations with the Presi
dent of the United States, as Leo XIII
showed his great admiration and sym
pathy for the personal qualities of Mr.
Roosevelt.
"Leo XIII did much for the Catholics
of 'the United States. He put an 'end to
the stupid polemics of certain French
Catholic writers against so-called ' Ameri
canism; he created the: Catholic Univer
sity in Washington and instituted an
apostolic delegation by which he put an
end to conflicts between Catholics of the
United States. But one of his most Im
portant acts was making Mgr. Gibbons
a Cardinal."
"Cardinal Gibbons, however, will have
great Influence In the next conclave. His
Eminence has very N great authority with
all members of the sacred college, and
will impress upon that assembly the pow
er which he possesses as representative
of the United States. He will prove to
them that the United States has a right
to be no longer considered as a simple
colony, with a single Cardinal. It has
a right to have proportionately as many
Cardinals as Spain. Jf this right were
admitted there would be twelve Ameri
can Cardinals. •-
• ROME, July 15.— 1 to-day had an Inter
view with a monselgnor who is a friend
of the United States apropos of the com
ing conclave and the interests T bf Ameri
can Catholics. lie said:
"Cardinal Gibbons is on the point 'of
arriving In- Rome. T.his is very impor
tant, as It will be the first time that an
American Cardinal will take part in the
election of a Pope. Cardinal McCloskey,
on the last occasion, arrived too late to
take part In the conclave. He heard of
the election of Leo XIII on his arrival at
Queenstown. '
"If It ,had not been that a number of
Cardinals favorable to him have died
lately Cardinal Gibbons would have had
a very good chance of being elected Pope.
The late Cardinal SiciHano de Rende. who
was formerly papal nuncio in Paris,
would have done all he could to have
him elected.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1003. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
CARDINAL GIBBONS' STRENGTH.
Will Wield a Powerful Influence in
the Coming Conclave.
BLAINE'S WIDOW
PUSSES TO REST
. At I o'clock yesterday afternoon firing
«is heard north of Ciudad Bolivar, and
immediately afterward five river steamers
recently captured by the revolutionists,
the majority of which are the property of
the Orinoco Steamship Company, the oth
ers being owned by the American Croco
dile and Bird Hunter Company, hoisted
the American flag. Ten minutes after
ward, however, the flags were lowered by
order of the revolutionist*. ,
-At 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
Fteamer Socorro. displaying a flag of
trure. left Cludad Bolivar and went
alongside the Venezuelan warship Bolivar,
the flagship of General Gomez, command
er in chief of the Government forces, on
board of which vessel a conference took
placp between the priest, who left Cludad
Bolivar and visited La Soleina, on the op
posite bank of the- Orinoco. Saturday
bearing an American flag and a flag of
truce, and other personages. At 9 o'clock
p. m. the Soeorro returned to Cludad Bol
ivar with a letter from General Gomez.
At th« «ame hour heavy artillery and
rifle firing was heard south of Ciudad Bol
ivar.
Shortly before 6 o'clock this (Tuesday)
morning the Government troops com
manded by General Rives, the first lieu
tenant of General Gomez, were under
arms about ten minutes' march from
Ciudad Bolivar ready to begin an attack
on the city. A strong battery of guns
had been established on a hill overlook
ing Cludad Bolivar and was preparing to
open fire on that part of the city where
all the ammunition received recently by
General Rolando, the revolutionary com
mander, is stored.
It has be*»n learned that many women
and children escaped from Ciudad Boli
var yesterday before the arrival of the
Government troops. Among these were
many foreigners.
CMudad Bolivar presents an extraor
dinary appoarnee. On all of the Govern
ment buildings the white flag, an emblem
of the revolutionists, is hoisted, and more
thail 225 American. German. French. Brit
ish and other ensigns are flying over pri
vate houses. From a distance the city
appears to have been decorated for a hol
iday.
SOLEDAD. Venexuela, July 14, 6 p. nx—
Yesterday morning the remainder of the
Government war vessels with four email
craft In tow arrived off Cludad Bolivar
without accident. The torpedoes placed by
the revolutionists !n the Orinoco River
did not explode when the fleet passed
them. ' •
Women and Children Leave
¦ Town at Approach of
Troops.
Confers With Revolu
tionists on Board His
Flagship.
The. total number of dispatches Inquir
ing about the Pope's health received at
the Vatican yesterday reached 26,000, In
cluding some lengthy cables from half
around the world. The. total cost of these
telegrams Is estimated at 136,000. This
enormous deluge taxes to the utmost the
resources of the Vatican administration.
A large force of priests and seminarians
Is temporarily aiding the officials In mak
"Ine responses, which bear the signature
of Cardinal Rampolla.
Dr. Lappo'nl, being shown a dispatch
published In the United States to-day to
the effect that a bacteriological examina
tion of the liquid from the pleura revealed
evidences of cancer in the pleura, replied
that there was*; not a word of .truth tn
the rejxjrt.
Opening Session pf Convention at Louis
ville Full of Spectacular Surprises With 1
Promise of Some Further Pyrotechnics
GOMEZ REACHES
CIUDAD BOLIVAR
KENTUCKY REPUBLICANS INDORSE
ADMINISTRATION OF ROOSEVELT
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
PRESIDENT HOLLAND.
THE SAN" FB ANCISCO CALL, .THUKSDAY, JULY 16, 1903.
Continued From Page' 1/ Column 7.
Dying Patient
in tH^VcLtican
Rests Badly
2
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Browu
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
. HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
AST SUPPLEMENT.
ADVERTISEMENT^ :
Cash treatment
without .
l'Lirrii mrCj c«r pets, curtciins
This is the proposition : You want to fur-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay in full when the goods are delivered,
-ience you're compelled to buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading in an out-and-out install-
ment store. How are you going to get the
( easy - payment accommodation and still buy
your goods in one of the big first-class stores?
We offer you the way. a . «*»"£¦
We loan you the money, charging simply
V the regular banking rate of interest — six per
cent. You go then to one of the big, first-
class furniture stores where the . stock is big
and fresh,* and where satisfaction is, 'certain;
and when you have made your selections pay
your .bill in good, hard cash. ¦ -*;-.•;; ¦ •¦ &£
The installment stores charge you ten per
cent above their cash prices for time. * All yon
pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
you is FOUR PER CENT. V- >
For instance: If your purchases amount to
$100.00 we will charge you $106.00— which is a
-^ six per cent advance ; then you pay us $20.00
cash and the balance in monthly payments
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
chases amount to $75.00/^6 will charge you
. $79-5o; you make us a, cash payment on this
/of $15.00 and pay the balance at the' easy rate
of $645 per month.
Investigate this—it will pay you.
o i
Gould, Sullivan Co.
Suite U03-0S -Cafl" Building, SS et s^
THE LAST
THREE DAYS
ON SANSOME
CITT3 DOT
k alnrJil
On Saturday night we leave forever the
scene of forty years' active business life.
Early next week we will occupy our mag-
nificent new establishment at 514-516-518
Market Street. Come down before we go.
You can't fail to be suited, and our prices
mean money in your pocket. -V^
Fine Clothing for Man, Boy and Child
MILL TO MAN -
WHOLE— OOfl^f^iS"^f R^jy^^
clothiers I2M23SANS0ME5TI to;YOU
A D VERTTEEME2JTS.
.KELUEFt'S
Half- Price Sale.
Men'sSuitingsat Half Price
la making; clothing to order one-hair
the cost is labor, the other half is ma-
terial.
r We've decided to cut the prlc^ of
material on a. line of tfultlnga to one-
half of original price In order to close
them out before fall roods arrive.
Some of these suits were originally
$80.00. Price of material $15.00.- A
rut of one-half off of price of material
leaves. f7^O. thus making (Q Q PZf\
our rale price of suit.... #A-fc»OvF
- • 10CS-1O3O MARKET STREET.
" San Francisco. .
11S7-US9 WASHINGTON. STREET;Call for up-to-date : traveling bags or
suit cases. Do you • need a new trunkV
Carload prices "to the user." Leather Goods
Department. Sanborn, ¦ Vail ' &.' Co.,: 741
Market street •
Trunks for Summer Outings.
- GRASS VALLEY, July 15.— Two masked
men entered -the- home of Mrs. F. Titus
at an', early hour this morning and, ex
hibiting a-revolver; threatened to kill her
lf'sh^e made. an" outcry. They then thor
oughly ransacked , the dwelling and after
securing ? 20 made their escape
Masked Men Eob a Dwelling.
WOODLAND, July 15.— Woodland Par
lor No. 90. N. D.-G. W.. has installed
Miss Gertrude Adams' president and Mrs.
Abbie Murray, Mrs. Edna Goodln and
Mrs. Eva Craig first, second and third
vice presidents, respectively.
Native Daughters Install Officers.
TUCSON, A. T., July 13.— Billy Stiles,
once a notorious train robber and outlaw,
v-ho has twice escaped conviction by turn
ing State's evidence against his compan
ions and who was indicted three times by
the United States Grand Jury at Tomb
stone, yesterday. succeeded in eluding the
territorial rangers and escaped Into Mex
ico. Stiles. was the principal witness be
fore the Grand Jury In the case .against
Burt Alvord, - the Cochlse station train
robber, and It was because of his evi
dence against Alvord that Stiles was in
dicted. In some .way \word< came from
the jury, room" that Stiles had been In
dicted. He Immediately secured a horse,
rode to Naco and crossed into Sonora. An
hour later Captain Rynnlng of the terri
torial rangers. with, a squad of his men
arrived' in pursuit.. Efforts will be made
to have the authorities. of Sonora co-op
erate with. Arizona officers for Stiles'
capture. , i-V": .-; . • •
Billy Stiles Proves Too
Quick for Arizona
Rangers.
SANTA. MONICA YACHT
. WINS THE FIRST RACE
Venus Mokes Spurt on Last Leg
and Is First to Cross Home
. . Line.
SANTA BARBARA, July 15.— The first
of the yacht races brought off at the mid
summer tournament,- took place this af
ternoon under the 'most favorable condi
tions. Five boats of the cruising sloop
class crossed the line for a run over a
seven-mile . triangular course twice
around. ; They were the Venus of Santa
Monica, Katrina of San Pedro, Daisy of
Ventura, Ariel and Sea Spray of Santa
Barbara. The Daisy dropped out of the
race on. the first leg,, the other four re
maining to the finish. Venus and Katrina
kept abreast until the last leg on the
second round, when Venua made a spurt
and . crossed the . home line one minute
ten seconds ahead of the San Pedro boat.
The' same boats will be entered In a simi
lar race to-morrow. The Lurline and the
Ramona of the schooner yacht class are
entered for races later In the week, s
InHhe tennis touranment the expected
happened to-day, when the contest for
men's singles narrowed down to Bell and
Freeman, who are scheduled for final
honors in that . class. This battle will
tako;. place to-morrow. Results of to
day's play: .
i Open double*— Saesrar and "White beat
8paulding and Alexander. < 6-4, 1-6, 6-2; Free
man and Overton beat Saegcr and /White,; 6-3.
C- 2; Bell 'and Varlel beat Wayno and Carter
6-1. 8-10. 0-1. . - - -- . .
- Open singles— iBell -.beat ' Overton. 6-3,' 6-2;
Wayne beat H. Donnel, 6-1, 6-1: Freeman beat
Wayne. .1-6. 6-2. 0-1. .'¦¦• • ¦-.
toadies' slngieii — Miss Dobbins beat Miss Sey
mour," 8-6. 2-6, fl-4: Miss May Sutton beat Miss
Dobbins. 6-4.' g-1 '#*&&BB£Si&/gkg&*> ' > * •
Kossuth to-day resigned the leadership
of the Independence party, two vice-pres
idents of which have also resigned; : The
situation is regarded as chaotic," as the
Emperor Is disinclined to concede Herr
Barabash's demands. •
Barabash declared war against the
HederVary Ministry. His party is bent
upon a policy of obstruction until the
Government consents to either nationalize
the Hungarian part "of the army or Pre
mier Hedervary resigns. Thus the com
pact between Count Hedervary and Kos
suth, which enabled the former to accept
office, falls to the ground, as Herr Bara
bash commands sufficient votes to form a
Parliamentary deadlock. "
BUDA PEST, July 15.-The political sit
uation is again critical and Is likely to
produce a crisis involving the fate of the
new cabinet headed by Count Hedervary
the former Ban of Croatia. The trial at
strength between the moderate and ex
treme wings of the Independence party,
led respectively by Francis Kossuth and
Herr Barabash, has resulted In a victory
for the latter. • v; :
Barabash Ousts Kossuth as Leader
of the Independence
Party.
HUNGABIAN POLITICAL
SITUATION CRITICAL
LIVERPOOL. July 15— At a h-we dinner of
the Liberal Club to-night Bourke Cockran. who
mas the gueft of honor, delivered a cpeech do
rounclng Colonial Secretary Chamberlain's ns
ceI proposals.
TUCSON. A. T.. July 13.— Julian Vest, om
of the oldest and b»st known passenger con
ductors on the Yuma-Tucson division of thi
Southern Pacific Kailroad. dropped dead at hit
home to-day from heart trouble.
VALLEJO, July 15.— A unique marrlayi
was celebrated in the boathouso of th»
Vallejo Yachting and Rowing Club thli
evening. The* contracting: parties wen
Charles J. Arnberger. a prominent mem
ber of the club, and Mrs. Eva Morris ot
San Francisco. The bride was attended
by Mrs. Alice Chenewerth of San Fran
cisco. John B. Sancts of this city was th«
beat man. Justice of the Peace John A
Browne officiated. The ceremony waj
performed In the assembly-room of th«
clubhouse, which was elaborately decorat
ed with myrtle, carnations, roses and
flags.
Unique Marrige in a Boathouae.
Dawson has been taken to the v Monod
Hospital, and tho matron has been in
structed to see that he Is subjected to
cheerful influence and kept on the broad
verandas as much. as possible. Dawson
had more than 1100 in his possession when
taken into custody, and his pockets were
filled with blue and pink letters, all writ
ten in a dainty feminine handwriting.
The telegram which the physicians say
will save Dawson from becoming per
manently insane was found unopened in
the young man's pocket. He had appar
ently been so crazed with grief that he
had neglected to open it.
Although Dawson is ill and weak from
starvation, having refused to eat for days,
and though his mind has been slightly
affected by his disappointment In love, It
is thought that in a week or ten days' he
will have entirely recovered.
Miss Pengally has been communicated
with and informed of her lover's Illness.
It will be suggested to her that she may
hasten his recovery by coming to Seattle
and assuring him In person that she will
not change her mind again. \
"You're fooling me." Dawson exclaimed
at first. "She said she wouldn't have me
and I don't believe she will." it was not
until the telegram was actually in his
hands that the despondent young fellow
would believe the good news. ...
It was during his examination in Supe
rior Judge Tallman's court this morning
that the message was read.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 15.— "San Fran
cisco, Cal., July 10, 1903.— Waiting for the
ring. Will accept it sure. Minnie Pen
gaily."
The foregoing telegram, received this
morning, containing the news that an
other girl has changed her mind, may
save the tottering reason of William Daw
son, a young machinist of San Francisco,
who came to this city a week ago to try
to forget the girl wh»» ne says had as
sured him time and time again that his
love was unrequited. Half crazed, Daw
son wandered around the streets of Seat
tle until he was picked up by the police
to be examined for lunacy.
I have run. locomotives ' for thlrty-one years,
but I am at a 1oj>s to explain why this explo
sion happened. The . locomotive was an old
one, but I have handled others that were older.
No '2088 never gave me much trouble and was
a- good "steamer." The explosion was proba
bly due' to some defect In the locomotive, that
had never been uncovered. I am satisfied that
it was not - caused , by a lack of water ¦ In the
boiler." Had.lt been due to such a cause the
crown ' sheet "of the , fire-box would have been
blown off; '. the .' force .¦ of the explosion - would
very likely v have come toward ¦ the ' cab and I
NO LACK OP WATER.
J. ...CAUSE IS UNKNOWN. ,
What the cause of the exDlosIon was
has not been determined, but there are
some who think the boiler, which was
an old one. had become weakened from
wear and was no longer strong enough
to withstand the generation of steam up
to the 125-nound gauge mark, the pres
sure generally maintained on local train
iocomotlves.' An examination of sections
of the boiler that were scattered around
disclosed that In some places the metal
.was worn very thin, apparently from cor
rosion. Ensineer Duncan and Roadmas
ter J. H. Eby profess that they are un
able to give any reason why the locomo
tive exploded..- • /
Duncan, Gale and Hansen had thrilling
experiences In the cab. - In telling of his
sensations the engineer said: [;
' I had shut off the steam and was letting
the locomotive roll easily up to the Fifth-street
station The east-bound local was just pulling
toward' us from Fifth street and I was aiming
not to reach' the station tuntir the oncoming
train had cleared It. Just as we began to run
ud the incline crossing Seventh street I heard
a hissing, as It the cock on the water gauge
had opened. "¦ I reached instinctively toward
the gauge. ', : /There v was a roar and l wa "
blinded byTrushlnsr steam •• and tumbled from
my seat I groped about for my fireman, Gale,
¦but felt' nothing. . The engine was still plow-
Ing along and I must have been pitched' from
the cab for the next thing I remember I was
being supported by Conductor Gannon on the
sidewalk, fifty feet from the locomotive, t \ .-¦
side local train of six loaded cars
of passengers to the Alameda p'.er," ex
ploded .this mornlns. at twelve minutes
to 7 on Central avenue and Seventh street,
riddling the training quarters of James
J. Corbett. ex-champion of the pugilistic
world, and creating consternation on
every side. It was the first instance in
the history of railroading on this coast
where a locomotive has blown up. and
the fact that three men who were in the
cab escaped with their lives is consid
ered remarkable. They were -stunned by
the terrific detonation, cut and bruised
about the head with flying fragments of
wood and metal and hurled from their
places in the cab.
.Engineer- Willis E. Duncan, upon re
covering his senses, found himself in the
arms of Conductor Frank Gannon, fifty
feet from his wrecked locomotive. How
he got over that distance he cannot re-
Fireman E. G. Gale, who was in the
act of shoveling coal Into the furnace at
the time of the explosion, was flung back
into the tender with fearful force and
fell between It and the car to which it
was coupled.
Walter Hansen. another fireman, who
was on his way to work at the yards
at Alameda Point, was propelled against
the pile of coal in the tender and toppled
to the street.
When No 20SS exploded the locomotive
drawing the east-bound local train was
approaching and was within 200 feet of
the one that flew to pieces.. Great strips
of sheet and cast Iron, boiler tubing and
other metallic debris were scattered about
the vicinity within a radius of 200 yards.
Clouds of hissing steam and boiling wa
ter delused trees on both sides of the
track and these, with the awful roar that
preceded the explosion/terrified residents
of the neighborhood and tne passengers
in tho cars. A. R. Denke's real estate
office In Croll's Hotjel was dempllshed and
the barroom in the hostelry appeared as
if a Kansas cyclone had blown through
It. Windows were shattered In several
cottages and fences and trees torn and
twisted. V. :
> * LAMEDA, July 15.— With a hiss
J\ and a roar and a shower of hurt
f==\ ling boiler iron and steel, locomo-
tiv'e No. 2CSS, pulling a south
Telegram From" Sweet
heart Saves Young
Man's Reason.
It is probable that the Russian Govern
ment will reiterate its refusal to receive
the petition and the Incident will be
closed.
NEW YORK. July 15.— In accordance
with an understanding at Oyster Bay on
Tuesday, L«»on N. Lev! gave out the fol
lowing statement regarding the confer
ence between the President and the Jew
ish committee on the Kishenev position:
The DOBfereace was entirely satisfactory to
u*. Our Vfewi and trw of the President axe
in p^rfert accord. It ha? been decided that it
would not b* well at present to make public
any details cf the rnr.f<r*nc». In the mean
time. It is desired and rxpected that the peti
tions now fcx>!nK circulated for signatures should*
t* migr.^C and nrni'ed so as to reich me In ten
dcjrs. I venture to my that the petition has
not l*en modified in any particular. It ehouIJ
N? distinctly und^r^t^od that the petition Is
Tieither a protr*t nrr a remonstrance. It does
not t«k to Interfere in Uunflan affairs. Final
ly, it Is not a s>ftltion bv Jew*, but In behalf
of them. It in a petition by Americans, regard
less of religious affiliation*.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 15.— The No
voe Vremya retards or affects to regard
the American contention that under the
treaty, of 1S32 no discrimination can right- •
fully be mad^ acainpt American citizens
on account of religion as an attempt to
Bend all the Russian Jews living in Amer
ica back to Russia, which already has
5.2y>,000 Jews, whereas "an equitable dis
tribution" would give Russia only 1,400.000.
WASHINGTON. July 15.-The Jewish
5>*tition laid before the President by the
Br.ai B'rlta committee has been re
ceived h«re and Secretary Hay has com
xr.ur.icated by cable with Riddle, the J
American Charge d'Affalrcs at St. Peters- j
burg, respecting the means to be em
ployed in bringing It to the attention of
the Czar. It is believed Riddle's instruc
tions are to notify the Russian Govern
ment r.t the existence of the petition and
ascertain whether It is willing to receive
It. The Jewish committee, it is said, is
entirely ratified with the plans framed
by the President and Secretary Hay for
the presentation of the subject to the ]
Busman Government. No further an
nouncement will be made here until Rld-
C'.t has been heard from.
Representative bankers and merchants
of San Francisco declare that the flurry
In the stock market on "Wall street. New
York, does not largely interest the Pacific
Coast. One reason for this Is that there
are no very large holdings of Eastern se
curities in this city that are affected. An
other Is that money is abundant here —
sufficient to mpvc all the crops. Also, It
Is the general opinion that, business on
the Pacific Coast is on a sound and rela
tively independent basis.
A. A. Watkins, president of the San
Francisco Board of Trade says: "Business
is flourishing on the Pacific Coast. Manu
facturers in California are driven to fill
their orders, and some lines of which I
have knowledges are months behind on
their ' orders. The crop outlook is good.
Wall street speculation does not affect
Cannot Affect Coast.
Business Men Say Eastern Panic
FLURRY NOT FELT HERE.
The loan was negotiated by Kuhn, Loeb
&. Co. Of the total amount of the Issue
about one-third was placed abroad and
the balance with large financial Institu
tions in this city. The response to the
offering of the loan was highly gratifying,
notices having been sent out on Tuesday
e\ening and the entire amount taken by
11 o'clock In the forenoon of to-day.
While In Wall street opinions differed as
to heavy corporate borrowing, as evi
denced by this and other cases; the firm
negotiating the loan said that It was cer
tainly an encouraging sign and clearly In
dicated that money was readily available
for high class undertakings.
It is understood that most of the money
raised will be used for the continuance of
the construction and Improvement work
already planned for the Southern Pacific
Company. It was Intimated that part of
the proceeds might be utilized to acquire
additional property, which. It was said in
Wall street, was some suburban trolley
lines In Los Angeles. The Union Pacific
road looks for Its reimbursement In time
cither through repayment from Southern
Pacific surplus earnings or from funding
and debt unifying operations In connec
tion with the Southern Pacific when the
money and bond market improves and the
cridit of the Southern Pacific becomes
better.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company,
for the purpose of financing the require
ments of affiliated "companies, has sold
$10,000,000 one and a half year 5 per cent
notes. The Union Pacific has an excess of
funds of Us own. but deemed it well un
der prevailing conditions to avail of its
credit for the benefit of Its affiliated lines,
the surplus earnings of which it is expect
ed will provide for the bulk of these ad
vances.
NEW YORK. July 15.— The feature of
the money market to-day was the an
nouncement that the Union Pacific Rail
road Company had fallen into line with
other corporations which have turned up
recently as borrowers on short time and
had sold $10,000,000 one and a half year
5 per cent notes at 9S^. establishing a
rate of 6 per cent for the loan. The of
ficial statement regarding the transaction
Is as follows:
To Wall street the unpleasant feature
of the situation is that temperate bor
rowings seem to be greater than l<?ss.
While this feature persists it is pointed
out the street cannot hope for easy
money.
MILLIONS FOB IMPROVEMENT.
Southern Pacific to Profit by the
Union Pacific Loan.
rates for their accommodations. It is oe
lleved that the Union Pacific announce
ment was an important factor in the de
moralization and that the new demands
of various large railroads for money were
responsible for the liquidation of many
stock market accounts at serious losses.
The United States Steel issues, which
were under pressure the greater part of
the day. made new low record prices.
Buying of the shares on the decline was
said to be for the account of interests
identified with the property, but the sup
port was r.ot sufficient to offset the sales
as an influence on values.
Homer S. King, president of Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s Bank, says: "New York
does not affect us very much. There Is
plenty of money here for the transaction
of business. The price on many stocks on
Wai! street has been too high. Many con
cerns have been overcapitalized. The re
action is natural. There is nothing in the
situation to disturb the Pacific Coast."
T. C. Frledlander. secretary of the San
Francisco Merchants' Exchange, says:
"General conditions are satisfactory. The
grain crops are not large, but the prices
are good, and the outlook is favorable
for good prices for fruit, wine and cattle
and other products are all right. We are
particularly favored by low freights, duo
to the coming of a large fleet of coal
laden vessels* There is a large congestion
of sail tonnage. This is good for the
farmers of the State. There is no strin
gency of money and there is no trouble In
sight."
Ignatz Steinhart, manager of the Anglo-
Californlan Bank, regards the shrinkage
in Wall street as natural. "So far as the
Pacific Coast is concerned," he says, "the
outlook is fairly good. Good crops are in
sight and the prices will be good. The
WaJl street market will not affect busi
ness on the Pacific Coast unless the situ
ation becomes very acute. The Pacific
Coast has bef-n very prosperous and there
has been a large advance In real estate
values, especially in San Francisco. Cali
fornia Is on a solid basis."
E. B. Pond, president of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union, says that the move
ment in Wall street is In liquidation.
"This may better conditions," he says.
"On the whole, Pacific Coast business is
good. This Is a quiet month, but not un
usually so for the season. There is no
Indication of trouble in California "or on
the Pacific Coast. Money is plenty, and
lately it has been a little more active.
Probably there is not so much unused
money as there was onp year ago."
William Alvord, president of the Bank
of California, says: "What Is happening
in Wall street does not affect us so far.
The holdings of Eastern securities in this
city are not very large. No change has
been effected in local conditions. There
is a plenty of money in this State. Pros
perity extends from Puget Sound to the
Mexican border."
legitimate mercantile business or manu
factures. We on the Pacific Coast see no
disturbing factor in the existing condi
tions or in the immediate future."- \
Continued From Page 1, Column 5
Rejection of Hebrew
Petition to Close
* the Incident.
The Chief of Police to-day offered tXH
reward for the arrest and conviction- ol
the men. .
It. was neirly an hour before the pollct
could be notified and the robbers had
time to make good their escape. Aftei
leaving the car the robber who had re
mained on guard held up H. O. N. Bltt«
ner on Milwaukee street and relieved him
of a few dollars In silver.
After the robbery five of the men drop
ped off the car. but one remained behind
and compelled the motorman to run som«
distance farther at high speed. When
the car reached the timber two miles froni
town he left the car.
PORTLAND. Or., July 13.— Six masked
highwaymen held up an electric* car on
the Oregon City line at midnight, shot
and painfully wounded Frederick Day and
after taking about $300 in money from the
passengers, made their escape.
The robbery occurred at Eleventh and
Division streets, where the trolley lint
crosses the Southern Pacific track. Thre«
men boarded the car on the rear and thre«
on the front platform and rode some dis
tance before they* robbed the passengers.
Five of the men went through the car,
compelling the passengers to give up their
money and jewelry, while the sixth stood
guard. Frederick Day did not product
his valuables quickly enough to suit th«
highwaymen and was shot, the bullet en
tering his abdomen. He Is seriously
wounded, but it Is thought will recover.
About forty persons were- on the car
which was bound for Sellwood. a suburb
Low Record Prices for Surities.
Woods and wife, who are implicated in
the William J. Best mystery and are be
lieved to be hiding in Ulster County,
wh'-re they have many relatives. The
Sheriff's rosso returned from an unsuc;
cessful all night hunt through Stone
Ridge and Markleton, where Woods wa3
born. His real name is Dougherty. He
took tho name of Woods from his step
father, George Woods of Union Hill, N. J.
Badiy Wound Passenger
Who Tries to Save
His Valuables.
OUTLAW GROSSES
MEXICAN BORDER
1 1 do not believe that the explosion was due
to a shortage of water. in the boiler. If It was*,
the crown sheet of the lire-box would .have
been wrenched off. but such was not the case.
There are often defects and flaws In Iron and
steel which the closest examination will fall
to detect. Thenv may have been such flaws
or defects In the boiler of this locomotive. She
was repaired and tested not long- afro and under
3 hydraulic - pressure of nearly 200 pounds to
the square Inch. The locomotive Is now fit
only for the scran rtlle.
Cottages damaged by the explosion were
those of J. P. Petry, 643 Central avenue;
H. W. Bunting, 641 Central avenue; Mrs.
Adelaide Husing. 633 Central avenue; G.
Jenssen, 645 .Central avenue; Mrs. Clara
McComb, 611 Central "avenue, and Dr. J.
A. Callinge, en the south side of the
block in which the explosion occurred.
Roadmaster Eby, who inspected the
ruined locomotive, had this to say:
Professor Tommy Dare. Corbett's
trainer, was in the gymnasium on the
south side of the . track, when he was
startled by the shaking and creak
ing of the structure and the descent of a
piece of • iron on the roof. Henry Reis
crath was coming out of Croll's cafe and
was badly scared by glass falling on his
head.
COTTAGES DAMAGED.
would not be here to give any explanations.
The locomotive was carrying about 125 pounds
of steam this moraine.
Here is Fireman Gale's version of his
experience:
I was stooping: over with the furnace door
opened and a shovel of coal In my- hand. As
I looked into the furnace I heard a rumble
and the' lire 'seemed to be Jumping right at
me. Coal, clinkers and cinders hit me In the;
face like a' shower of shot and I was swept out
and up on the cual in the back of the tender.
I must have rolfed off the tender, for when I
picked myself up^I. was between the locomo
tive and the first car.
PUGILISTS STAKTLED.
Hansen, who was sitting in Fireman ,
Gale's seat, was blown out of tne cab \
and landed in the street, dazed and bleed
ing from facial wounds.
Roadmaster Eby arrived with a wreck- j
Ing crew a few minutes after the explo- ]
sion and replaced the front or "pony"
truck of. the demolished locomotive on
the rails and the machine was .hauled to
the yards at Alameda Point. ' The loco
motive was hroken in two. Just forward
of the steam" dome. Twisted" flues and
steel sheet covering protruded from the
left side of the locomotive in the shape of
a broom. The headlight was blown to—
nobody knows where.
The big brass "belr was hurled 300 feet
and landed near the open ring of James
J. Corbetts" training quarters at Croll's
Gardens. It was recovered by Harry Cor
bett, who was one of the guests at the
hostelry, and suffered a scare when the
locomotive blew up. Tom Corbett. Jimmy
Britt. Yank Kenny and Sam Berger. all
domiciled at Croll's Hotel, tumbled out of
their beds in a Jiffy after the rumble and
shake, imagining that an earthquake was
rocking the building to ruin. Andrew
Brlnn, a. bartender in Croll's place, was
hit on the head by a section of falling
glass and sustained a scalp wound. Wil
liam McComb. a paralytic, living at 611
Central avenue, was Jarred out of his bed
and suffered severely from shock.
PRINCIPAL WITNESS IN BEST
MURDER CASE. WHO DIED
SUDDENLY.
MASKED ROBBERS
BOLD UP A CAR
PHOTOGRAPH OF THE WRECKED
ENGINE AND THE LOCOMOTIVE
FIREMAN WHO WAS INJURED.
LOVE'S MESSAGE
COMES IN TIME
The Japanese Minister, Kagoro Taka
hlra, who called at the State Department
to-day to inquire regarding the confer
ence yesterday, has been given to under
stand that Mr. Hay's policy in Man
churia is solely to secure open ports to
the world.
WASHINGTON. July 15.— At the State
Department to-day it developed that the
conference between Secretary Hay *.nd
Theodore Hanson yesterday regarding the
Manchurian situation was of the most
satisfactory nature. As a result of the
conference Secretary Hay will furrier ad
vise the American Treaty Commissioners
in Peking of what transpired yesterday
and it is hoped these additional instruc
tions will pave the way for an early set
tlement of the question of ports in Man
churia, which is the one point In contro
versy. 1 '
PORT ARTHUR. Manchuria. July 15.—
The conference of prominent Russian of
ficials has ended. Exultation over Rus
sia's Increasing power in Manchuria was
the dominant note in the gathering. The
possibility of taking any backward steps
are scoffed at, if mentioned by outsiders.
It was admitted that the war possibility
was discussed, but it was denied that It
was the object of the conference.
Evidences of Increase of warlike prepa
rations since the arrival of General Kuro
patkin. the Minister of War. and of the
intention to bring more troops to Man
churia are abundant. Orders were given
to Port Arthur contractors last week for
an immediate supply of building ma
terials for barracks to accommodate 20,
000 soldiers to be shipped to Harbin.
The oiricials explained that Russia's op
position to opening Manchurian towns to
foreigners was not based upon opposition
to foreigners, whose trade is desired and
who wou.d In due time be invited into
the country. But Russia objected, they
explained, to having Consuls accredited
to the Chinese Government in towns
which are practically under Russian con
trol, which would give the subjects of
countries so represented the enjoyment of
extra territorial rights. They asserted
that such arrangements would be certain
to result in great friction, such as oc
curred in Newchwang.
Sccffat Suggestion That Their
Government Will
RUSSIA'S REPLY
WILL BE FINAL
ST. PETERSBL'RO. July 15.— The Birx
hevia Vedomo5ti 5ays that the Czar has
aboJlshed the harshest remnants of the
barbaric punishments of former times,
namely, castigctlun with cudgels and cat
o'nine tails, chaining to the car and
e having the head, which were still In
flicted for certain offenses on persons ex
iled to penal settlements or to the mines.
Castlgatlon with the cat o' nine tails and
even with cudgels not infrequently ends
In death and one of the harsh forms of
death penalty, being death by torture.
Only the most hardened prison adminis
tration could stand the terrible sight of
human beings under the measured blows
of the cat o'nine tails.
The cudgel and the "cat" are replaced
In the new statute, says the newspaper,
by prolonpation of terms or by solitary
confinement up to one hundred days with
bread and water, except every third day,
when hot food will be served at one meal.
The abolition of the cudgel and "cat"
does not. however, mean the prohibition
of capita! punishment altogether. The
rexiseJ statute of June 15 prescribes chas
tisement with birch reeds up. to 100 blows
"for light . offenses and misdemeanors."
according to the wme authority, and this
matter is left entirely to the discretion
rt the prison authorities or the local gov
ernors.
In furtherance of the proposed demo
cratic reforms a new law has been pro
mulgated, giving factory employes the
ripht to appoint delegates from the co
workers to represent their interests in
conferences with the factory inspectors.
The plan for the formation of a new po
lice force to maintain order and assure
tenuity in the rural districts of forty-six
provinces of European Russia will be car
ried out immediately in fifteen of these
provinces,' but owing to the large expen
diture involved ($2,250,000) six years will
I)* allowed for its complete execution in
the other, provinces.
Mere than 220,009 men have -been called
to the colors in order to complete the
strength of the Russian army and navy
for the present year.
ST. LOUIS. July 15.— The. "kid party for
grown folks," so popular in some Eastern
cities, was Introduced last night to St.
Louis by Judge and Mrs. James L. Blair
at their beautiful suburban home at Kirk
wood. Two score of the best known men
and women In town were present. The la
dles wore short dresses, made in childish
fashion, with their hair down their backs.
The men were attired in short trousers,
troublesome waists and the dropstttcb
half-hose of babyhood.
The games which were played provoked
hilarity among men who do not laugb
often. "Wade the swamp." forfeits. King
William, postofneo and other kissing
games made the evening pass as quickly
as of old.
Mrs. Blair herself was the life of th*
party. She made the guests, some of
whom were a bit timid at first, feel per
fectly natural in the garments they had
discarded so many years ago with pride
and thankfulness.
Mrs. Blair, who is president of th«
board of lady managers of the World" t
Fair and of the St. Louis Choral Society
and several otheY social and musical or-,
ganlzatlons, declined to-day to give a list
of the names of her guests.
"It wasn't a reception," she said. "We
just tried to forget for one evening that
we ever had grown up. The little party
was ultra private, and I don't think It
would be the proper thing for me to an*
nounce the names of my guests." •
Special Dispatch to The Call
Sinister Tone of Russian
Conferees at Port
Sheriff's Fosse Hakes Unsuccessful
Search, of His Old Home.
KINGSTON. N. Y.. July 15.— Deputy
Sheriffs are searching for Dr. John S.
?
FAILS TO FIND WOODS
To Judge J. J. Murray, City Recorder of
San Rafael. Ward said yesterday: "This
scandal is killing me. I presume I am
guilty of a felony for having mutilated
Colonel Best's body, but I did not know
I was committing any crime. I know 1
will be arrested. I have enemies in San
Rafael and they are hounding me to
death. Now, since they really have some
thing to go on, as I presume the law is
correct, they will not hesitate to have
me arrested. I have always tried to be
honest. I have raised a family and never
before has my character been assailed. 1
cannot stand it much longer. I had sooner
die than go to San Quentin."
Ward was ">0 years of age. He leaves
a wife, eon and daughter. *
ment to the East and who was
regarded by the prosecution as one of the
principal witnesses against "Dr." John
Donald Woods and Alice Cloy Wood,
who are suspected 'of having murdered
Best, died early this morning trom valvu
lar disease of the heart. The death of
Ward is a eerious blow to the prosecution,
as it removes one of the strongest wit
nesses against the fugitive.
There 1« no doubt but that worry has
tened Ward's death. When he was pre
paring Best's body for shipment he re
moved several of the organs and threw
them into the sewer. The body was ex
humed In the East when the investigation
was commenced and when l\ was found
that the remains had been mutilated
Ward was severely censured. District
Attorney Boyd and Detective de Pue com
pelled Ward to undergo a severe cross
questioning. During the examination
Ward was informed that he had commit
ted a felony by mutilating the body. He
was told, however, that there was no in
tention of arresting him. After that
Ward was apprehensive. He went to sev
eral of his friends and arranged for ball,
as he said he knew he would be arrested.
Ward was taken sick last night while
at Sawyer's undertaking parlors. Night
Watchman Peter O'Brien found him late
in the night in a semi-conscious condition.
Dr. W. F. Jones was summoned and
Ward was removed to his home. He never
rallied. When the news of Ward's death
became public a great many persons were
of the opinion that he had committed
puiclde. Owing to the rumors of that na
ture an autopsy was held and it was
found that he had died from valvular
disease of the heart.
SAX RAFAEL. July 15.— William
Ward, deputy Coroner of Marin
County, who prepared the body
of Colonel XV. J. Best for ship-
Judge and 'Mrs. Blair Are
Responsible for the
Innovation.
Russian Ruler to Eliminate
Brutality From Laws
Administration.
Will Substitute Starva
tion and Solitary
Confinement.
"Kid Farty" Is Intro
duced to St. Louis
Deputy Coroner Who Gained Undesirable
Notoriety in Connection With the Best
Murder Case Succumbs to Heart Disease
CZAR ABOLISHES
CUDGEL AND CAT
Engine Blows Up in Front of Croll's Gar-
Vdens, Damaging That Resort and Other
Property and Jarring James j. Corbett
INCREASING
IN ORIENT
GROWN FOLK CUT
CHILDISH CAPERS
DEATH REMOVES THE PRINCIPAL
WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION
LOCOMOTIVE BOILER EXPLODES
WITH CRASH ON CITY STREET
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY .16, 1903.
3
ADVEKTISEMEUTS.
|1 CELEBRATED *V
If you have any form of stom-
ach trouble you will find the Bit-
ters very beneficial. It contains
only those ingredients that will
strengthen the stomach.
Try it for Heartburn, Flatu-
lency, Indigestion, Dyspepsia or
Malaria. It positively cures.
Schilling's Best is all you '
need to think-of about
te* liil inf powdrr i?:cei
ccOte ' f.avorirj extracts «od* ,
~».v questions answered' in one
Ct • J viT grocer's ; inonejrbacfe
SB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
The man on the stage who does th«
trick of escaping from firmly tied ropes,
submits to the bonds with a smile. Ha
knows he can get out of the ropes that
are being knotted. Put the same man ia
the woods and let Indian captors bind
him to a tree for torture and he would
'struggle to the last against the bonds. ,
When the stomach is diseased there
are bonds being woven every hoar about
the organs dependent on the stomach-
heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, etc. The
folly of mankind is to passively submit
to the fastening of these bonds with no
effort to escape until the pain they cause
arouses fear.*
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
cures diseases of heart; liver, lungs, kid-
neys and other organs, when these dis-
eases, as is often the case, have their
origin in the diseased stomach.
"For a 'long, time I was suffering and wu
hardly able to get about." writes Mr. Andrew J.
Jennings, of Thomas, Tucker Co.. W. Va.. B005
194. "Was bothered with kidney trouble and
my whole system was out of order; bad bo
¦ppetlte. A friend of mine told me to try Dr.
Pierces .Golden Medical Discovery. I did so
and the first bottle restored ray appetite. I took
¦ix bottles of 'Golden Medical Discovery' and
some of the 'Pleasant Pellets' mad feel like a
new petson." • '
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse
the clogged system from inrparitkfcBERLIN, Jnljr '¦. 15. — The • German • Emperor
has conferred upon John 8. Sargent, the
American painter, a large gold' medal for art
in; connection with the Berlin art exhibition.'
A email sold medal was also . conferred upoa
Edward Abri, the American artUt. ,
United States Immigrant Commissioner
North ordered yesterday the deportation
of T. H. Lee. a graduate of Yale Col
lege, who was returning to this country
from Dutch Java. Lee presented 'a cer
tificate signed by the Dutch authorities
certifying that he was a citizen of that
country and that he was a student and
therefore- entitled to admission Into the
United States. The certificate was writ
ten in Dutch and was not therefore In
compliance 'with' the -law requiring all
such certificates to be written in the Eng
lish language.
Yale Graduate Deported.
For beating two women John M. Evans,
Baloon-keeper at 116 Eddy street, was
fined $150 by Police Judge Fritz yester
day, with the alternative of serving 150
days in the County Jail. The women were
Mamie Barry. 131 Taylor street, with
whom Evans consorted for, seven years,
and Mrs. Jean Egan, her mother. In the
one case he was nned $50 and in the other
$100. Attorney Mack, who specially prose
cuted the cases, says that after Evans
had been sentenced he announced that be
would no longer support his two children
by Mamie Barry.
Beating 1 Women Is Expensive.
H. Z. Howard, superintendent of the
Oceanic dock, informed the board that
the way* would be clear this month for
the commission to make needed repairs
to pier 7. : . .
The board decided to order the con
struction of two new freight cars for
the Belt Railroad at a cost of $745 each.
The commission has been renting cars at
the rate of $2 per day for each car.
A meeting of the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners was held yesterday.
J. C. Kirkpatrick presided. Bids as fol
low for 250 tons of cement were opened:
Gervin &. Evre. $13 50 per ton; E. B.
& A. L. Stone, $11 72; J. D. Spreckels &
Bros. Company. $11 90. ;
On motion of Commissioner John D.
Mackenzie the contract was awarded to
E. B. & A. L.. Stone, the lowest bidder.
The chief engineer reported that the
damage caused to Pacific-street . wharf
by the steamship Alameda was $457 55.
Harbor Commissioners.
Democratic Meetings.
A largely attended meeting of the Dem
ocratic League Club of the Thirtieth Dis
trict was held last night, at Harrigan's
Hall, Eighth and Foisom: streets, at
which permanent organization was effect
ed and the following officers elected:
President, Thomas McKeon; secretary,
William Almon.
The following were elected a committee
to select delegates to the convention and
to report the names of the delegates se
lected at the next* meeting to be held at
Harrigan's Hall on Wednesday evening;
July 22: C. Madden. Tim Treacy, J. Moy
nahan, J. Tyber, Dennis McCarthy, 'Wil
liam Almon, Frank Schilling, James
Crowe, P. Brady. . ¦ «
Town Trustees Fill a Vacancy;
SAUSALITO, July 15.— A special meet
ing: of the Town Trustees was held this
evening for the purpose of electing: a suc
cessor to the late. John, Nunes, and David
T. Hughes was selected to fill the va-.
cancy. Trustees Thomas, Shoemaker and
Crumpton voted In favor of Hughes > and
Trustee Harmea refused to vote. Hughes
Is an old resident of Sausallto and served
once before as a Trustee of the town/
His selection has given the greatest satis
faction. ' : > " ¦
The' great arid plains in # Nevada, which
lie contiguous to the Truckee River, will
in all probability soon be turned into fer
tile fields and blooming orchard, lands.
That is, as soon as "-the 'Department of the
Interior shall. decide when and to whom
the contract for the construction ofr the
canals to be used- for irrigating \ these
lands shall be awarded. •• . -' •
The bids for the construction of fifteen
miles of canals and tunnels for the . di
version and .conveyance^ pf. the water of
the Truckee River between Clarks Sta
tion and Wadsworth, Nev., were opened
yesterday In Washington, D. C. .
If the award goes to the lowest bidder,
Charles A. Warren & Co. of this city,
who made the "lowest bid, will get the
contract. .. , - - • .- ~ ' . - .
The following bids were made for the
entire work: . . .
E. B. & A. L. Stone Company*, of Oak
land, Cal., ': 11,161.944; Atlantic, Gulf and
Pacific Company . of San Francisco,
$1,098,059; Charles A. Warren & Co. of San
Francisco, $396,787. . : , ¦ .
The s proposed . scheme is . to . tap the
Truckee River. at a point called Clarks
Station, and from there, by a circuitous
route, build a canal fifteen miles in length,
the objective " point being Wadsworth.
This canal will be built through a. ter
ritory of sandy plains, which now can
barely sustain a slim growth of wiry
sagebrush. The building of the canal
practically means the reclaiming of some
thing like 250,000 acres of at present use
less lands. , : . '.<- '
It is proposed to divert the- entire wa
ters of the Truckee River from their
natural channel and use them solely for
this irrigation scheme.
Charles A. Warren stated last night
that if his firm is awarded the contract it
.will begin operations at once. He said
that It would take about fourteen months
to complete the canal proper according to
the specifications. His partners in the
enterprise will be A. J. Raisch and A. E.
Buckman. . •
A Snap
With a camera creates a lifelong remem
brance. The Photo Supply Department of
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street, has
everything in the photographic line. •
OPEN COURSING STAKE
TO BE RUN SUNDAY
Fleet Hounds Are Entered in the
Competition to Take Place at
Union Park.
The drawing for the coursing, stake at
Union. Park next Sunday took place last
night. Special trains will be run, leaving
this city at 10:15 o'clock a. m. and 1
o'clock p. m.. stopping at Valencia street.
Coursing will commence upon the arrival
of the early train. The stake will be run
entirely on Sunday. Following aro the
entries: ¦
War Ka«,'lo vs. Pasha Pleasant, Firm Fellow
vs. Boots, Fontenoy vs. Jlmmle's Flirt. Sacra
mento Boy vs. Reno, Mast Rocket vs. Haphaz
ard, .Honest John vs. Concord Boy, Clarice vs.
Flaunt, Eastlake vs Mickey Free, Full Moon
vs.- Otto, Liberator vs.- Kirschner, Snapper Gar
rison vs. St. Conn,. Aggie W vs. Ragged Actor,
Dora Anthony .vs. Lord Brazen, John Heenan
vs. Barge, Reckless Acrobat vs/ Tralee Boy,
Lilac v«. Rubber Ankles." Aeneas vs. Harvey
M, Sea Lion va. Palo Alto. Vina- vs. Ruby San
key. Dear Gaston vs. Trotting Bob, Stskiyou vs.
Preclta Maid. Don Pedro vs. Fair Tralee. Tll
lle R vs. Manhattan King, Thelma vs. Fenli,
Golden Unlit vs. Silver Heels, Hiawatha ys.
Silver Cloud. Rural Artist vs. Queen's Motto,
My Bonnie King vs. Humming Bird, Cascade
vs. Cremo. Presidio Boy vs. Flying Pasha.
Gambit vs. Viking. Cluster vs. Eagle.
STANFORD STUDENTS BACK „
FROM EXPLORATION TRIP
Map Out the Topographical Features
of the Region Around Big
"> '¦'¦::'¦ . Basin.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 15.—
Dr. John F. Newsom, professor of mining
and '¦, metallurgy, . returned this afternoon
with Assistants* W.~ A. Williams and R.
S. Hollway and a large party of advanced
geology students v from a five weeks' trip
of exploration and mapping in the Santa
Cruz Mountains ; for the United States
Geological Survey. ' Professor Newsom
and; his division of the party roughed It
and worked out the structural and topo
graphical features '-. of the almost unex
plored region around)- the Big Basin and
Pescadero Creek. Two other divisions did
similar, work under the direction of the
assistants in the Black Mountain and
Mindego Hill districts.
Another party will start out to-morrow
to make topographical maps of the foot
hill region back of Stanford University.
Dr.' John' Caspar Branner has charge of
this survey, of .the Santa Cruz qaudrangle
for the United States.
MIQUELON. St. Pierre. July IS.— The
British steamship Monterey, which called
from Montreal July 19 for Bristol is
ashore west of Point Plan. She will prob
ably become a wreck. Speedy assistance
may 6ave a portion of the cargo.
British Steamship Ashore.
The public would like to know what
Abraham Ruef 6aid to Norman Hall when
he met him on the street yesterday after
noon after the story was out.
Mayor Schmitz showed equal surprise
over the Hall expose and like his astute
manager denied any knowledge of the
story.
When confronted with Hall's story the
man who, notwithstanding all his traitor
ous acts, aspires to be the prime minister
of the Republican party, smiled a wise
smile and denied the story in toto. He
said:
Tfete Is all wrong. L «e\*er asked Hall to
foist any such- deal on the convention. I never
tried to brftus Schmitz before the Republican
party at that time. I deny fiatly the whole
story and every part of It.
1 told him that I did not need offers of
political preferment and that If I did th<» work
it would be through my own convictions of
what was right. I finally consented to do It.
When I went on the floor of the convention
that night I heard that Schmitz had obtained
a leave of absence from the Columbia Theater
and was near at hand, knowing that I was
ready to do the trick. But after Wells was
nominated I cot a hurried message from
Scbmltz. which was brought to me by the man
who is now his typewriter, . telling me not to
put Schmitz in nomination. I obeyed the re
quest. After the meeting Ruef met me and
called me down hard for not doing what he
ordered. He said: i
"If you had done that we would have cinched
the whole thing and won votes in plenty for
Bchmitz."
REFUSES INDUCEMENT.
Oa the very afternoon of the opening of the
convention Ruef summoned me to a confer
ence with Schmitz and himself in bis office.
While there he said that, as a favor, he would
like to have tse place Schmitz's name In nomi
nation. He Intimated very boldly that I would
probably be hissed and that etronr marks of
disapprobation would be shown which would all
militate to the strength of Kchmita as being
an expression of the Republican party's un
alterable opposition to organized labor.
While I was hesitating, he said, with a
hack:
"How would you like to be Schmitz's private
secretary in case of his election?"
A* a delegate of the Primary League from
the old Thirty-ninth. I attended the convention.
Through my friendship for Ruef I came to be
practically his mouthpiece on the- floor of the
convention, since he could not appear, by rea
eon of his failure cf election.
According to Hall so wroth was Ruef
at his apparent defection that he never
forgave the lapse from his orders. He
bitterly complained that his deep scheme
of putting the Republican party on record
as opposed to organized labor had failed
lamentably.
Hall tells a straightforward etory of the
affair. He says:
HALL DISCLOSES FACTS.
Deceived by the honeyed words of Ruef
Hall went into the convention ready to
carry out the promise he had made and
nominate Schmitz. After the enthusias
tic nomination of Asa R. Wells, Hall was
preparing to place Schmitz's name be
fore -the convention when that gentleman,
¦who had been keeping his finger on the
pulse of affairs, suddenly weakened and
tent a hurried message to Hall command
ing him to desist. In this way did
Schmitz's name fail to come before the
convention.
• Ruef frankly disclosed his Intention to
Hall. If he could have Schmitz's' name
placed before the convention evident dis
approval, as he thought, would follow.
This he could convert Into the creed that
the Republican party was unalterably on
record as opposed to organized labor.
In order to thus secure, as he thought,
more votes for his favored candidate by
the antagonism apainst organized labor
-which he expected to see manifested,
Ruef was willing to betray his party by
a trick and Eugene E. Schmitz' was a
willing second to the scheme of his as
tute boss.
BETRAYS HIS PARTY.
Upon the word of Hall, he was ap
proached by Ruef the afternoon of the
meeting of the Republican delegates two
years ago and offered a fat position if he
would place Eugene Schmitz" f name be
fore the convention as candidate for
Mayor. This was after Schmitz had re
ceived the nomination of the Union Labor
party.
can ticket in the coming munlcl
p&l election, facts ' have come to light
which eerve as a Btrong commentary upon
the political method* of the present Mayor
and his henchmen in the recently inaug
urated movement to have him. succeed
himself, this, however. In the garb of a
Republican candidate.
According to the story of Norman W.
Hall, a prominent young business man
connected with the printing- firm of Wal
ter N. Brunt and a power In the Republi
can party in the Forty-first District,
Mayor Schmitz and his manager, Abe
Ruef, combined to traduce the delegates
to the last municipal Republican conven
tion by a plot which was as traitorous as
It was insidious.
FOLilOWINO the efforts of certain
la the Republican party to launch
& boom In favor of Mayor Eugene
•E. Schmitz to bead the Republi-
The regular Democrats are not, saying
much about the nominee for Mayor. The
name of Lane. is not being hawked about
in the clubs, but- it seems to be clearly
understood. that the nomination will go to
him In such,form that he will be bound to
accept party leadership In" the municipal
campaign. The regulars 'are confident
that they will retain possession of the
works. i
The horse and cart managers lay great
stress on the fact, that . Lane,. In the late
gubernatorial campaign, highly compli
mented President Roosevelt. Further
more they refer to the interview between
the President and Lane, . which was
brought about by request of the former
and which lasted from 10 p. m. until
12:30 a. m. Mention is made of- these in
cidents or events to lead Democrats to
the belief that Lane is under the protect
ing wing of the Republican national ad
ministration. The horse and ' carters of
the inside circle have a favorite for May
or. Former Sheriff Richard I. Whelan
is the man of their choice. . .- s'- - • -
LANE LIKES ROOSEVELT.
1 There is no Vacancy on the commission.
The first appointment that the President
will be called upon to make will be the
successor of Joseph "\V. Fifer of Illinois,
a Republican/whose term will not" expire
until March 21, 1904. The next appoint
ment will be the naming of a man to suc
ceed James D. Yeomans, an Iowa McKin
ley Democrat. Yeomans' terra, however,
will not expire until December 31, 1904.
If Fifer of Illinois i3 not appointed to
succeed himself some other Republican
will be named for the place. If Yeomans
is not reappointed some other Democrat
of the Middle West, presumably an Iowa
candidate, will be named. Ther« will be
no other place open, on the commission
until December "31,; 1906. "JAt the time last
named a Georgia. Democrat, Judson C.
Clements, goes out.'. Any person acquaint
ed with the political history of the United
States knows that a Southern office holder
of the Georgia school will be succeeded
by a man from the South. JProuty. a Ver
mont Republican, '.goes .oatrin 1907,. and
Chairman Knapp, . a New. York Republi
can, holds until 1909.
VACANCIES DO NOT EXIST.
noise or enthusiasm at th© district
ciub meetings, but the enrollment
of voters foretells a hot fight at the
primary election on August 11. The reg
ular organization known as the County
Committee, which,- supported by Jasper
McDonald and Gavin McNab, is adding
strength to the local" intrenchments- and a
sweeping victory of the regulars over the
horse and cart forces Is likely to be the
outcome of the engagement at the pri
mary polls.
) The horse and cart followers are' by no
means idle or despondent. It is in the
air of the Democratic camp that Franklin
K. Lane will be* the party nominee for
Mayor. The horse and cart leaders do not
openly manifest opposition to Lane.
On the contrary, they speak of
him, but in the hope of putting him quiet
ly on the sidetrack they are resorting to
clever political strategy. They are cir
culating a report under the seal of • im
pressive confidence that President Roose
velt Indicated that Lane will be.appoint
ed as a member of the Interstate Com
merce .Commission. The motive, it - is
claimed, for the spread of 6uch rumor
is to dampe.. Lane enthusiasm at the
primary election. Inquiry brings to light
the fact that there is no truth In the re
port. : ¦ . *
THE inside phase of the present
local contest for. the possession of
the Democratic works Is Interest-
Ing. There/ Is not a great deal of
B. H. Kaplan, the carriage-maker,
whose matrimonial difficulties have
brought him considerable unenviable no
toriety, filed a suit for divorce against
Gussle Kaplan. He says she Is cruel to
him. . -¦-..•
Anna "W. Fursman, who. In a complaint
for divorce filed by Harry W. Fursman,
local agent of the National Paint and
Varnish Company, was charged with de
sertion, denies that Bhe ever left her hus
band. Bhe filed an answer to his com
plaint yesterday and as a cross-com
plaint charges him with abandoning her
and neglecting to provide her with ' the
common necessaries of life. She asks that
she be awarded a decree of divorce, $150
a month alimony and $750 counsel fees.
They were married September 26, IS??.
Judge Murasky annulled yesterday the
marriage of Arthur Zecher to Manda
Zecher for the reason that when it took
place in New York in September, 1901,
Mrs. Zecher had a husband living, from
whom ehe had never been divorced. Judge
Murasky also granted interlocutory de
crees of divorce to Mary Nelson from
Charles Nelson for desertion, and Sallie
L. Humphreys from Alexander Hum
phreys for neglect. ....
Suits for djvprce were filed by. John E.
Benaway against Myrtle" Benaway, Au
gusta Baker against Almynon Baker, and
Minnie Schwartz against Mark H.
Schwartz for desertion, and Elizabeth Ed
wards against Harry Edwards for
cruelty.
Wife of Agent of Paint Firm Thinks
She Is Entitled to Decree of
Divorce.
MRS. FTJESMAN SAYS
HUSBAND I/EFT HER
Resolutions were also adopted declaring
the desire of the commute ff r harmonious
and concerted action in the "Union I>abor
Party's ranks and deploriftg the divisions
sought to be created for personal ends.
The committee also decided to open gen
eral headquarters at once In a central lo
cation to carry on the work of the cam
paign. The organizing committee of the
Union Labor party will organize the
Thirtieth District Saturday night. July
18 at Teutonia Hall, Howard street, near
Twelfth. Mayor Schmltr and other
speakers will address the meeting.
Resolved, That we denounce as false any
suggestion that we are subject to any outside
control whatsoever. Each of u» U a Union
Labor man In good standing, devoted to the
principles of our party and ' to Its success.
Mr. Parry was formerly a member of this
committee, but upon his appointment to office
resigned therefrom and since that has -taken
no part In any of our proceedings, and Mr.
Ruef has never at any time taken any part in
any of our business. has never had and has
never claimed to have any connection whatso
ever with this committee.
Whereas, A deliberate and dastardly attempt
Is being made by certain persons to discredit
this organization "by declaring that" It Is sub
ject to the control of old party influences; and
Wherean, The names of J. R. Parry and .A.
Ruef have been maliciously used to designate
this committee fo as to create the Impression
that we are subject to outside control; there
fore be it ;¦¦.:.
The following resolution proposed by
James A. Wilson and Indorsed by the
chairman and secretary was adopted: -
THE Ewell-Aubertlne faction of the
Union Labor party— the contin
gent which is controlled by the
ebpporters of Mayor Schmlts—
met at 102 O'Farrell street last
night. The " following proclamation pro
posed by Peter ' M. Duffey and recom
mended by G. Krienghoff, James A. WH-i
son " and George F. Aubertine was
adopted:
To the "Wage Worker* of San Francisco: The
governing committee of the Union Labor party
of San Francisco denounces the endeavor of
certain - self-constituted labor party leaders to
disrupt the regular ' organisation of the party
in a barefaced but unavailing attempt to ob
tain revenge for disappointed personal ambi
tions by trying to bring political Injury to our
chosen standard bearer, Hon. K. E. Schmitz,
whose record and conservative action in office
have reflected credit on himself, on. his party
and on our city, and have brought to his sup
port the admiration and esteem of nearly all
our fellow citizen's, employer and employe alike,
and this committee, the regular constituted and
recognized governing committee of the party,
hereby declares its unswerving allegiance to
end unbounded faith in Mayor Schmlti, and
calls upon every true friend of labor and of
fsir dealing, cf clean government and of hon
est administration to rally to his support and
to organize under the auspices of this commit
tee for his re-election.
Stream Will- Be Tapped at . Claris
Station and Canal Will" Be
Dug to Town of Wads
worth. :
Charles ., A. Warren > t & Oo.
Make Lowest Bid ; to ,
Do the Work.
Norman Hall Tells Tale
of Unscrupulous
Plot.
His Selection Advo
cated by Regular
Democrats.
Plans Are Formed
for Battle at the
Polls.
Ruef Is Uncovered
as a Traitor to
Party.
Truckee River Plow Will
Be Used for Irriga
tion Purposes, i
Franklin K. Lane Is
Mentioned for
Mayor.
Followers of Mayor
Define Their
Position.
WILL MAKE
DESERT LAND
TO BLOOM
STRATEGY IN DEMOGRATIC CAMP;
RUEF'S HAND IN FORMER CONVENTION;
SCHMITZ WING OF THE LABOR PARTY
THE SAN FBANCI8CO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1903. r^
4
Highland
Springs
FOR HBALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, for
Hver. kidney,' malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability. «?*™:
enced In. advising their use (free). BATHS ot
all kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE
Large Livery Stable and excursions to othw
resorts and .points of interest, many of
can be . made In one day. REGULATION
ALLEY. TENNIS. CROQUET. PINO-PONOi
6HUFFLE - BOARD, FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ' ORCHESTRA, DANCING six
nights of the week. Beautiful walks and
drives. . - -
Telephones, express sfid postofflc*.
Hard-finished rooms; -first-class table; •leetrlo
lights. ¦ . •
Rates. $10 to $16 a week.
For booklet and other Information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
"Travelers" Bureau." 630 Market st.. or address
: v,:.-; CRAIG fr KERR,
; Highland Springs. Lake Co.. CaL
Santa Catalina Island
. 8U Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. EOATING. BATHING,
FISHING. GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment. In Shady
- . Grov*.
HOTEL "METROPOLIS,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S* BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMEUT BT,
SAN FRANCISCO.
' r» w a r% r\t\ HOT springs, sonoma
SlCiirwfiS COUNTY; only 4% hours
VAnUUU from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtue*; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming In Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIR^T-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and. afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only J3 BO. Take
Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates 12 a day or $12 a week. References, any
ruest of the past vlght years. Patronage of
I»O2 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.: also at
Traveler office. 630 Market st.. or of J. T.
MULGREW, Skaggs. Cal.
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAI* ~. V
SWIMMING.
BOWLINO.
- AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs, Lake County, get
the crowd? Because It cures. It Is the best
water, has the best climate and gives the best
service. Send for book of testimonial*. Full
particulars at Travelers' Information Bureau,
630 Market street, or by addressing
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Tahoe -Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of
Our patrons of last season say i Tahoe
Tavern is the equal of any summer resort
hotel in the world," ¦
and that Lake Taboe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Bates
from $3.60" per day upward. • For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Taho* Tavern.
Tahoe City. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM BAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
., vv". .TREES 1 r
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. 8. MANN, 613
MARKET ST.. 8AN FRANCISCO.
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel: modern conveniences; lars«. «iry din-
lne-room; exhilarating air; hunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates $10 and |12. THEO.
BLANCKENBERG JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa
Co., or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New. modern 80-room hotel; Ross Valley;
first-class every par.; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10, 11. 2
trains Kent sta. MR. St MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Martn Co.
RUBICON F.AJR.IC.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. EvefjthlnE new. Best beach for bathing;
bring suits. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing-
tackle; saddle horses atVnoJerate hire; $14 and
$18 per week. Postofflce. tel. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3303 feet; open all
year. Headquarters Mount Shasta climbers-
plentiful table: fine fishing and drives. Par-
ticulars Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery, a F.
VICHY SPRINGS.
8 miles from Uklah, Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only plac*
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations; table first
class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Prop*.
MONTRIO HOTEL:
One mile . from famous "Bohemian Grove" ¦
new management; all .refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, "fishing." boating; fresh
milk, ¦ cream and best of everything. . Address
C. ,F. CARR. Manager. Montrlo. CaL ¦ W *' SM
. ¦ ' TnT.TMM ZLOTTEI*. ~~~
Auburn. Placer. Co., . CaL Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In tha foothills. Eleva
tlon 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electrlo Uzhta.
' Prices moderate. ' Address ' ""
FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietors.
DEER PARK INN 6 0P m n u SK
|f__i__M^_f
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 6^ A J L 0SB >
Hydrotnerapy. electricity. X-ray, ma»«axe* «ta
Modern. ; Ideally located.. -Send for UUra'tura,'
VTXX.A POWTENAY—Firit-claM rwort-
Santa Cruz Jits.; hotel,- cottages- croauet
tennis; billiards, bowlings . amuiement^iail •
electric lights; table first class^ »10 to $l"-'
•phone; campers', return tickets. $2 BO' clrcu-
:¦ fars, J.H. HAESTERS. GlenwoodTcal
YOUB CITY ADDRESS
IS IN THE DIRECTORY
BUT THB ADDRESS OB". TOTJS '^",
SUMMER RETREAT 13 IN
"Vacation 1903"
ISSUED BT THB ' f1 ~
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY
' And which contains ertr- • fcnadretf ?
pagea, giving full particulars la re«ar4 ,
to mineral sprlnc resorts, salaet camp- •
Ing spots, aad country hom» aad
farms where roxozner boarders ar«
taken, together with ta« terms, wWefc 1
• rang* fron IT.00 vfg week u».
To be bad m response to a mall reqnest, or
at Ticket Office*, 830 Market street (CaronlcU
building) and Tiburon Terry, toot of Market
street; General Office. Mutual IAi* Bunding,
corner Sansoma and Calif oral* streets* Baa
Francisco.
H. C. WHITDJO, R. X BTAW, .
General Manager. . Oen. Pass. Agt.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MONTISSY COTJTTTT, CAXi.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths", large Swimming Tank, first-class
table. ' Send for beautiful illustrated
booklet and rates to F. W. Schroeder,
Manager, or San Francisco Agent, n
Montgomery street. "
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY. •
Wonderful curatlT* properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. ' Also a positive care- tor
liver and kidney troubles. Mew hotel aad oot-
tsg»- $10 to $14 per week. Best trout flsblng
In Lake County. Bound-trip ticket. S. P. of-
fice, $8. For particulars caU at Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. or -address) - JO&ETOA
e PIERS, Prop.; mall via Mlddletown. . .
imnnui TOCALOMA "JJ 1 *
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodation*:
reasonable rates for families A partlest: flihlng.
batblns beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tele.
phone. JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin offlca.
every Frld.y. 2 to • p. m.. or Na, &hor* B- R-.
620 Market st. - - --
OWN A HOME^t 17 " CAMP flEETCR
Free from fog and wind. Lots 110 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $30 op. Boating, bath-
tai. tenting ground; 5*™ *92S fc £°& 1 £
O. Bausallto ferry. M. C MEEKER. Cams
Meeker. Sonoma County.
y/ Hi'Vtl BTJItTlXXTBt SPKXSO3 — Most
•ccesslble springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1. no stage fare. Only 2H hours' rld«:
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and pluag«
sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatism,
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomacb
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak» tor boat-
In* and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowline
alley croquet grounda. Rates, 110 a week aa4
cp. Address MANUEL MADRID. VaUeio. Cal.
WlTTXiB atEDICAJC BTSUrOS, Laks
Co.. Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed tabl* and
best mineral water on earth; hotel open for
guests the entire year; positively cores Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Uklaa.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co.. mala of-
fice and water depot. 018 Market st. S. P., of
R. McConntck. Witter Springs. LaJcs Co.. Cal.
TST7CXEB BZVXS COJJTIXZVX CX.TTB
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Third
Season opens June 1. Fishing Unexcelled: rain,
bow trout; hatchery enlarged. 31erra attrac-
tions. New management. MR. aad MRS.
GEORGE H. FOULKS. 48 Nevada block.
S. F., or Verdi. Nev.
THB GETSEBS— A flrst-claas family
resort. Leon Coblenti, formerly with - Mar«
chand's and Delmonlco. has entlr* supervision
of th* cuisine and dining-room. Swtmmlag
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing; 110. SVt
and $14 per week. $2 SO per day. IaXormatioa
Cal N. W. Ry.. 620 Market St.; also FABZC3
FERAUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Cc
-LAUK5L DEI.!. 1 " — The only lake re-
sort In the State that has Its own mineral
springs and a chemically pun spring. Boating,
swimming, marine toboggan, new livery tally*
ho coach, croquet, bowling, new walks aad
drives. Pamphlets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery
st. EL DURNAN. proprietor. Laurel DcU. Laka
Coonty. t -
STODEXX 2OTJSS,
Bollnas Ridge. Maria County, 1S00 feet abov«
sea level, refurnished and under new manage-
ment. Boarders any period. Parties and clubs
catered for; S miles from Boss Valley: H 80 re-
turn bv stags from San RaraeL Terms, u.
CRANFTELD.
PESOADEBO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotsl of San Mateo Co. Commodloas
cottages, beautiful r grounds, famous pebbl*
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathlng^Phon*.
Rates, $S and $10 per week. W. L. STEVBN3,
Proprietor. •
BEAUTXrUX - CAM? MEE3CEB — A
grand family resort In the redwood mountain*
of Sonoma Co.: ellmat* and water perfect;
over 10O cottages already built: lots for sale;
boating bathing and other amusements; excel-
lent table- rates $6 per week: take Sausallto,
ftrry. Address h! MV OREG3ON. SoU Prop.
' HOTEL LA HO2JD A — Situated In tha
Redwoods. Good *">"*. S^4* # * r « 1 «P h *»*.
Booklet. MRS. I. J* . SEARS. La Bcada. mm
Mateo County. Cat. '
AMOZTO THE PX2TES — Alt. 2034 fV
Wood's ranch; $6.H' week; positive no esjtv
sumptlvesr- writ* for pamphlet.- Robt. T.
¦ Warham. . Applegate. Placer County. Cal.
EXITS KOTSTj, Sonoma. Cal. — Peter
OOUAILHARDON,. Prop. Newly renovated
and now open far summer guests. Rates r*a-
sonabls. '
\»/LLOW RANCH— A charming spot la ta*
v ? Santa Crus redwoods; milk, fruit, spring
water, dally man: excellent table. $9 30 par
wfc MRS. WM. CRANDELL. Santa Crna. Cal.
IMJI CALL
16 Pages. $1 pep Year
GANGER?
Have you a Bore or
Lft CaiiJ€ lump any place that
Thdr^it get well? If
25*uv-jb BO> Jt ls probably
yCV? cancer. The Electro-
*$idfy ' Cbemic X-Ray cures
v *& *£ cancer. Many cases
j0r ••vcv have been cured after
f a V\\ operations, burning
4 Tr «V\i\ P**te and hypoder-
-t "€2?A* mlc infection treat-
*^j<x. t 93 ra^nts had. failed. We
W 7^_*~^ "^^ _ will ' give • you' abso-
lute proof of the truth
of this statement 'You don't have to
take our. word for it, .
FREE EXAMINATION.
¦ The Electro-Chemle specialists will ex-
amine any one suspecting a cancer or
tumor free. Both women and men have
cancers, and so this applies to both
sexes. . . '
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 Grant Ave., Cor. Post St,/
BAN FRANCISCO.
Separate apartments for ladies and- gentlemen.
|fflGHANDDRY.{
| PASO ROBLES
. INVIGORATING ATMOSPHERE, \
. ¦¦ ' '. SPARKLING WATERS.
• MEDICINAL. BATHS
Invite you to
REST. , -RECREATION, RECUPER- .
¦,S -AiON. ' . ..-•.¦'
Write:
W. A. JUNKER.
; ' . -Lessee" and Manager, .
.Paso Robles, Cal., j
Or call on
THOS. COOK & SON.
625 Market street, San Francisco,
' Information Bureau,
¦• Southern ... Pacific, '.-. '¦*
-. .613 Market" 1 street. {
napa INapa County,
SODA SPRINGS,} Cal,
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet abov«
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
bsths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
POLLMANN A JACOBS. Nap* Soda Springs.
OPENS JULY 15th
flOTELTpKELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
DWIGHT WAT, BERKELEY.
Equipment and Cuisine First- class.
J. S. MARSTON, Manager.
Correspondence Solicited.
lETNA SPRINGS
Are thronged this season. Its health-restoring
waters contain wonderful curing- properties.
First-class table service, swimming-, bowling,
tennis, dancing and driving. Send for pamph-
let, Round-trip rate from San Francisco $7.
AETNA 87BXVOS COM? AST,
Aetna Spring*, Napa Co., Cal.
La Moine
First-class hctel on SHASTA KOUTE: re-
cent! j eniarcrd. furnishing modem neeoinrro-
datlone. Including electric light*. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento ltlv-
er. Finest scenery. in the world. Two trains
dally to and from San Francisco. Go to deep
In Oakland and wake up at La Moine, and
vice versa. . Terms reasonable. Address all
communications to CLIFFORD COGGINS
Mcr., La Moine. Cal.
NO RESORT
In California equals Yosemite for real beauty
of scenery. Low camping rates bring it within
the grasp of everybody. Trout are biting now
and you can have a trout breakfast every day at
CAMP CURRY.
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery street
(PECK'S BUREAU) or 641 Market stn*t (THE
SANTA FE OFFICE). ;
gLUE
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailments.. Plenty ?t
boating, bathing, fishing and bunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation sUe. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Midlaka
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
Gilroy Hot Springs
'For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble. Trained masseur. Long distance
phone. Trains from Third and Townsend at 0
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for pamphlets.
' R. ROBERTSON.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
. vllle, with a mile and a half frontage-, on the
Russian River. Tents in a beautiful grove of
redwood.' oak, madrone, laurel ar.d other trees.'
A lovely valley of ISO acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing. Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round . trip from San Francisco, $3 60.
Take boat at Tlburon terry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIU8. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle, Sonoma County. Cal. ,
La Honda and Pescadero
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City,
9 a. m. train from Third and Townsend sts.
and 8:20 a m. train from San Jose; connect
with stage direct. Address WALTER
KNIGHT. Redwood City.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
8 AHTA OST7S — OUNTAIXTS. *
Now open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St., or S. P. Co.. 613 liarket st.
B. DICKINSON. Prop., Ben Lomond. CaL
KLAMATH SPRINGS,"
— BESWICK. SISK1TOU CO.. CAL. .
Finest fishing, hunting' and health resort on
the coast.- Btnd for bwoklet. -
. . . . . EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery; . $a to $14. per
• week. ¦ Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery' st. -
or H. H. McQOWAN. Sefgler. Lak« Co.. CaL
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours' rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip.' In-
cluding stage. $li 60, good for season. Rates.
$10 per week.- .¦ ••'¦- . --. •. :• : •;•.. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦
NORTHf On Tomales Bay, near depot. A
cu/\nc) nlc * hoter - Good" table. ' Place
onUKC I for ' Tomales Bay Clams. : - Fresh
un T pi ) milk. $1 CO- per day, $» per. week.
I1U 1 CLt [.. Mr> . ghlelds. Marshall. Martn .Co.
BONN IE; N OOK . i.
Alt. 4000 ft.; bait ml. sta;, • cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect.- lights. H. D. WIARD,
Toy la. ¦' Placer ¦ County. Cal; ..: ; , • * '¦ ? ¦ ¦¦
PAfil P QTARF EC Uklah. f Tourists, camp-
EAULb MADLK3 ers. hunters. Write to H.
A, EWred for rates for any kind of turnout.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
------ — — — : ___ __ __ _ .
It is a good dinner that
n begins with a good soup.
Soups often lack richness
liS^a ® JL \- anc * e^ cac y °f flavor, a
i[flre^4-f_)~ ' fault easily remedied by
H$||pP|% using a m teaspoonful of
LEA& PERRINS'
THE 'ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
' - . ' < - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ " ¦' ¦ ¦¦ . -.' • '-'i/ ; ¦
Add it to: oyster^stews, fish, salads, -chops, potyau-feu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni,xtc,
JOHN DJUNCAN'S SONS, Agenti, NEW YORK: > \finished a tour of inspection of the coast,
and yesterday he announced that the com
pany would hereafter have a representa
tive here In the person of Fred W. Prince,
local ticket agent of the Santa Fe road.
The appointment confers on" Prince the
official title of general agent, and Messrs.
Zeppettini and Parasso will be his as
sistants.', In discussing the changes yes
terday Agent Morgan said that hereafter
all the business for the line between Mex
ico and British Columbia will be trans
acted in this city. The Anchor line is a
Scotch corporation operating more than
fifty vesels between New York and Brit
ish and other foreign ports, and naturally
an agency here is regarded as of consid
erable importance to traffic men, and
especially to Prince, who was fortunate
enough to secure it. ,
As a result of the recent accident on,
the coast line, in which a train jumped
the track and several- cars went over an
embankment, the Southern Pacific has
put a gang of men to work building gran
ite abutments along the embankment for
a distance of several hundred- feet. Its
construction department is also replacing
the old bridges ,on the Santa Barbara
branch with three steel ones. r\
Dr. Jameson, ln reply to an address at
Cape Town recently, referred to the raid
as a blunder which he had expiated, and
which he heped had been condoned.
Attorney H. A. Massey is the defendant
ln a suit to recover a one-third interest
in the estate of Elizabeth Trask Rivers,
filed yesterday by Charles D. Trask, as
eignee of Emma Trask Clifford. It is
charged in the complaint that Massey
Kilsrepresented the condition of the Trask
estate to Mrs. Clifford and obtained from
her an assignment of her Interests and
now claims that he is entitled to the In
terest for his services as an attorney. A
similar suit was brought by Mrs. Clif
ford some months ago.
New Suit Against M assey.
There was a quiet wedding last even
ing at the Pacific-avenue residence of
Colonel Samuel M. Swigert, U. S. A., re
tired, when his daughter, Miss Clara
Platt Swigert, .was given ln marriage to
Lieutenant Oliver P. Morton Hazzard.
Second Cavalry. U. S. A. Chaplain Pot
ter of the Second Cavalry officiated. The
ill health of the bride's father necessi
tated a very quiet wedding and only
relatives were Invited to witness the nup
tials.
The bride was charming in a simple
gown of white etamlne. There were no
attendants. : The ceremony was per
formed at .5:30, and after congratulations
supper was served. Lieutenant and Mrs.
Hazzard left at 8 o'clock for Seattle, and
after a Tirlef visit there will proceed to
New York and Kentucky. After a
month's honeymoon the happy couple will
reside at Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont,
where . the groom is stationed.
Lieutenant Hazzard saw hard service ln
the Spanish-American war'and was asso
ciated with General Funston lr« the cap
ture of . Agulnaldo. Colonel Swigert
while In active service in the Philippines
suffered a paralytic stroke and has since
been an invalid ln this city.
Miss Margaret Leary and Edward A.
Keil were the principals at a pretty wed
ding last evening at the home of the
bride's mother, Mrs. H. . H. Lcary. 2223
Pest street. Rev. Father Jones of Benlcia
formerly at St. Domirrfcis in this city, of
ciated. Ninety friends of the young
couple participated ln the festivities.
The bride was handsomely gowned In
white crepe de Paris with garniture of
Irish point lace. She also wore a tulle
veil and carried lilies of the valley. Miss
Mary E. Leary, the bride's sister, was
maid of honor. She wore blue crepe de
Chine with Chantllly lace and carried
Bridesmaid roses. Dr Robert E. O'Con
nell was best man.
The . congratulations were followed by
an .. elaborate wedding supper. After a
month's honeymoon in Yellowstone Park
Mr. and Mrs. Kell will reside ln San
Francisco.
Pendo Elects Supreme Officers.
At the session of the Supreme Council
of the Order of Pendo yesterday the fol
lowing were elected officers for the en
suing'term: A. P. Tugwell, supreme
councilor; W. E. Mallory, vice councilor;
George E. Terry, secretary; D. S. Stan
ley, treasurer: Dr. R. E. Bunker, medical
director; H. C. Schaertzer, attorney: M.
D. Woolf, chaplain; Frank Joplon, guide;
Frank Hopkins, warden; M. M. Bannis
ter, sentinel; A. P. Tugwell, G. E. Terry,
D. S. Stanley, Dr. E. R. Bunker, H C.
Schaertzer, R. S. WakeHeld and H. C.
Clarke, trustees.
The ball to the new officers, heretofore
announced for last evening, will be given
ln Golden Gate Hall to-night.
ACCUSES LAWYER OF
:¦<? DBAWINO A PISTOL
Bobart Cordes Has J. A. Taylor Ar
rested, and Latter's Friend Is
Jailed for Becoming Abusive.
OAKLAND, July 16.— James A. Taylor,
a prominent young lawyer .of this city,
was arrested last night by Policeman
Mulgrew and locked up In the City Prison
on a charge of carrying a concealed
weapon. The complaining witness is
Robert Cordes, a prominent real estate
broker. Fred P. Johns, secretary of the
Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals and a friend of Taylor, tried to per
suade the police to release the latter, and
he was also locked up on a charge of
disturbing the peace.
Cordes, in company with Guy Smith,
formerly treasurer of the Macdonough
Theater, and George Austin, a real'es
tate man, were coming out of a restau
rant shortly after midnight as Taylor and
Johns were passing, the place. They
must have had some sort of an argu
ment, for shortly afterward Cordes met
Policeman Mulgrew and told him that a
man had drawn a pistol on himself and
his friend. He pointed out Taylor as the
offender and the officer locked the latter
up on a charge of carrying a concealed
weapon.
Johns accompanied his friend to the
City Prison and told the desk sergeant
that Taylor did not draw a weapon, but
that the revolver was in his pocket and
accidentally fell out. Then he tried to
have Taylor released on his own recog
nizance and became abusive, so . he was
jailed on a charge of disturbing the peace.
Pen Troubles Disappear
When you get a fountain pen that suits
your hand— one that ; writes ; without any
shaking or coaxing. We have them at
prices from $1. CO to {5.00 each. Money
back if not satisfactory. Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. f •
On the second floor there will be a grand
autorium. 66x72 feet, with a seating ca
pacity arranged to accommodate 1000 per
sons. One feature of the auditorium is
to be the stage, which will be complete
in appointments, with well arranged
dressing-rooms on either side.
Especial attention has been given to the
ventilation of the auditorium, and. In
deed, every modern convenience and com
fort will be utilized to make the hall one
of the best in connection with educational
Institutions in this city.
Mindful of the need for outdoor facili
ties for the exercise of pupils, arrange
ments have been made which will give
St. Peter's School a spacious recreation
ground, which will allow the indulgence
of athletic pastimes and games.
The new bulldlns will oe completed
somewhere about November 1, when it
will be opened with ceremonies befitting
the importance of the event.
accommodation and training of
many pupils. The contract for the new
schoolhouse was let last Saturday to J.
W. Smith, the price agreed upon being
124,000. Shea & Shea are the architects.
The r.ew St. Peter's School Is to be
mainly a wooden building, but all the
girders, trusses and main supports are
to he of steel and there is to be a sub
stantial concrete foundation. It is to
have a frontage of 104 feet on Alabama
street, with a depth of 66 feet.
Special care has been taken that every
room shall be perfectly light and the
most modern methods of ventilation shall
be adopted. The building will be lighted
by electricity.
The drawings of Shea& Shea show a
classic style of architecture. The main
entrance at the north end will be ap
proached by way of a large and Impos
ing portico and the hall will be commo
dious and the main stairway wide.
The classrooms, of which there will be
seven. wi!ljt>e.on the first floor and each
will be appropriately decorated and fur
nished. '
OLD St. Peter's Parochial School
building is to be razed arjd in its
place will be erected a handsome
and commodious structure for the
The jubilee week celebration cf the San
FranciFco Young Men's Christian Associa
tion will open this afternoon at 3 o'clock
with a mass meeting of women in the
auditorium, presided over by Mrs. John
1>\ Merrill. Addresses will be made by
Mrs. Isidor Lowenberg, Mrs. B. C.
Wright. Mrs. P. D. Brown, President
Rolla V. Watt and Dr. A. H. Briggs.
Mrs. L. Snider Johnson will sing. To
night at 8 o'clock there will b© a grand
rally of members and young men in gen
eral, Rolla V. Watt presiding. Miss Es
ther Maccmber of San Jose, reader and
impersonator, will render several selec
tions and the Knickerbocker male quartet
will ring. Instrumental music will be fur
nished by the association orchestra. The
afternoon gathering will be for women,
and the evening for men exclusively. Ad
mission to both will be free. To-morrow
evening will occur a grand union praise
service in the association auditorium.
Men and wemen are invited. The Oll
pfcact sisters of Chicago and Mr. and Mrs.
Baker, the blind singers of Philadelphia,
will sir.g. The association orchestra will
play.
First Day of the Celebration.
PAROCHIAL SCHOOL BUILD
ING TO BE ERECTED IN ST.
PETER'S PARISH.
Mr. Mills yesterday said that he had
not been advised of any changes and that
they did not concern him to any great de
gree. "I am not an applicant for any
pension, nor do I want one," said Mr.
Mills, "and whenever the owners of the
road desire me to retire they will find me
ready to turn over the affairs of the of
fice that I have managed for more than
twenty years." J
The freight departments of the South
ern Pacific the Union; Pacific and the
Santa Fe were yesterday advised through
Secretary Countiss of the transcontinen
tal freight bureau that the Western and
Atlantic Railroad is the latest to with
draw from the west and east bound traffic
arrangement with the transcontinental
lines. The withdrawal of the roads which
compose the Southeastern Freight Asso
ciation • from the transcontinental agree
ment \m attracting a deal of attention
from Western importers and shippers, for
it is expected that it will result ln an ad
vance of rates and materially affect busi
ness with the East and Southeast. The
trouble Is due to the * demands of the
Southeastern roads, operating south of
the Ohio River and west of the Missis
sippi River, for a' greater . proportion of
the eastbound through rates on Califor
nia products. The transcontinental roads
refused the demands and the withdrawals
began, with the understanding that they
would become effective . on July 25. • The
threatened advance in rates .will affect
mainly freight destined to: points in Ala
bama, Tennessee.- Georgia, the: Carollnas
and'Tlorlda. r .• '. .
PBINCE GETS APPOINTMENT.
John T. Morgan, traveling passenger
agent of the Anchor steamship lines, who
is a guest at the Palace Hotel, has just
The old story of the consolidation of the
land departments of the Southern Pacific
and Central Pacific railroads has been're
vived, with the additional report that
both are to be placed in charge of the
law department of the Southern Pacific
Company. The officials of the company
stated yesterday that they had heard
nothing of the proposed change further
than the report on the street. That a
consolidation of the departments will oc
cur some day is not doubted by any one
familiar with the alms of the Harriman
interests. In fact, the consolidation
scheme was conceived first by the late
Collis P. Huntington shortly after he was
elected president of the road, and when
he came West he discussed the proposi
tion with the heads of the various depart
ments. He even^ntered upon the plan of
consolidating several departments, among
them the purchasing offices, which were
placed in charge of R. P. Schwerin, and
he would probably have united the land
offices had he lived and* remained in con
trol of the two roads. Unlike other de
partments of the company, the business
of the land offices diminishes, instead of
increases, for every sale of land decreases
the volume of business and the responsi
bilities of the agents. - Neither W. H.
Mills nor Jerome Madden seems con
cerned over the reported changes.
MILLS BEADY TO KETIHE.
NO CONSOLIDATION YET.
Although not yet officially announced,,
it was stated yesterday by one of the
heads of the Southern Pacific departments
that the position of assistant traffic man
ager on the Atlantic system of the road,
which was recently vacated by S. F. B.
Morse, will not be filled.
The plan of the company, so advlce3
from Traffic Manager Stubbs' office ln
Chicago state, is to abolish the position
of assistant traffic manager on that sys
tem and place the latter in charge of T.
J. Anderson of Houston, whose promotion
to the position of general passenger and
ticket agent has just been announced. As
an explanation for this change the official
said that the title of assistant traffic
manager was created when Morse was
given control of the Houston and Texas
road, and that after the Southern Pacific
Company disposed of that property the
duties of the office have not warranted
the continuance of the service of the of
ficial. The opportunity to abolish it was
afforded the company when Morse re
signed, and it is expected that formal an
nouncement of the change will b« made
Bhortly.
ed man near her home and notified the
Delmar authorities. Constable Blood
worth responded and succeeded ln cap
turing the man, who proved to be Smith.
He was brought back to this city on -the
afternoon train and lodged in jail.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— Rear Admiral
Terry has been ordered . to command the
naval station at Honolulu and Rear Ad
miral Miller has been offered command
of the South Atlantic station.
Admiral Terry Goes to Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO. July 15.— Walter C. Smith,
the check worker, who became apparently
insane in his cell at the county Jail yes
terday and was crdered taken to the
County Hospital, escaped from the lat
ter institution tlurirg the night, lie up
ended a 309-pound iron bedstead and by
means of it climbed through a small win
dow. He was clad only !n shoes and an
undershirt. When his abscr.ee- was dis
covered this morning a search wa? at
once Instituted. About noon a woman
living near Delmar saw a strangely attir-
Arrested Check Worker
Feigns Insanity and
Gets Away. .
Position of Assistant
Traffic Manager May
Be Abolished.
SANTA ROSA, July 15.— The highest
price yet recorded at a sale of eggs by
the Santa Rosa' Poultry.Association waa
obtained this afternoon at the regular
¦weekly sale held in this city. A ¦ San
Francisco buyer, purchased the entire of
fering at 24Vi cents per dozen. The best
price previously obtained was 21Vi cents,
offered last week by a local merchant.
Eggs Command a Good Price.
NO SUCCESSOR
TO S. F. B. MORSE
MAKES ESCAPE
FROM HOSPITAL
LIEUTENANT
WEDS DAUGHTER
OF COLONEL
SANTA ROSA, July 15.— The Pomona
Grange of Sonoma County held its annual
election of officers this afternoon with
the following: result: W. H. Skinner, mas
ter: Peter Hansen, overseer; George Con
ncrs, lecturer; John Strong, steward;
Theodore King, assistant steward; Mrs.
Harvey Gregory, chaplain; Miss Fannie
Gamble, Pomona; Mrs. Mack, Ceres; Mrs.
King, Flora; Mrs. Gaston, lady assistant
steward; Harvey Gregory, trustee; Mrs.
Wlnans, organist. At noon the regular
feast of Pomona was served.
i-oraona Grange Elects Officers.
nionty for legitimate business purposes
an<3 fcr the purpose of carrying out the
policy cf the institution.
Shareholders Authorize Directors to
Increase Institution's Capital
by $1,000,000.
A meeting 1 of the stockholders of the
Bank of California was held at the bank
yesterday afternoon for the purpose of
deciding whether they would authorize
the Increase of the capital stock from
20.000 shares cf JIM each to 30.000 shares of
Jl'50 each; In other words, from J2.000.000
to njWWUHWL
William Alvord presided and there were
17,345 shares represented in person or by
rroxy and the vote to make the increase
was unanimous.
The stockholders then passed a resolu
tion instructing the directors to dispose
cf the new stock ratably to stockholders
of record at the close of business August
1. 11*3. at 53<">0 per share.
It was also decide* that subscriptions
meat be made on or before September 15,
1303. on blanks that will be furnished by
the BaJik cf California, and payments for
the new stock xnu?t be made on or before
October 1. 1903. Stockholders not wishing
to take advantage of their right to sub
scribe may assign the same.
Frank B. Anderson, ppeakirg of the in
crease of the capital stock, said at the
' conclusion of the meeting that it was oc
casioned by the Increased demand for
BANK OF CALIFORNIA
TO ISSUE NEW STOCK
Selbach remains In the City Prison, as
he has been unable to give the neces
sary bonds, which have been fixed at $1000
in each case, or $500 cash. Selbach's at
torney made an effort to get the cash
ball In each case reduced to $250, but was
unsuccessful. Selbach had a certificate of
deposit for $930 ln his pocket when search
ed at the City Prison and it would be
an easy matter to get $500 on it. which
showed the motive for the attorney's re
quest for a reduction in the amount of
bail. • ¦ .
W. H. Selbach. the dentist from Co
lumbus, Ohio, who narrowly escaped
lynching at the hands of a mob at Mar
ket and Third streets on Tuesday after
noon for his brutal attack upon three
Sisters of the German Dominican Convent
on Gr.ererro street, appeared in Police
Judge Conlan's court yesterday to an
swer two j charges of battery. His fat
face was discolored and swollen and
showed unmistakably the effects of the
beating he had received from the infu
riated citizens.
"When the cases were called Policeman
P. N. Herlihy, who arrested Selbach, in
formed the Judge that he had been un
able to have complaints sworn to by Sis
ters Marguerite and Lorenzo as they
were out of the city. The Judge said
he would continue the cases till to-mor
row morning, nnd if the sisters could
not be prevailed upon to swear to the
complaints he suggested that Herllhy
should do so, as he was a witness to
the attack upon the Sisters, and the
cases could be tried without their pres
ence.
Benjamin Greet, the noted theatrical
cnanager of London, who has done much
toward bribing the Elizabethan dramas
before modern audiences, is a gueBt at the
Palace Hotel, having arrived from the
East Tuesday evening. He announced
yesterday that it Is his Intention to bring
to California next April the famous mor
ality play entitled "Everyman." which he
predicts will prove a great attraction to
the San Francisco public.
• Greet visited the university at Berke
ley yesterday and while there Inspected
the Greek theater, which has just been
completed on the college campus. In
c!iECUs5«r.gr the theater last evening he
raid that It would have an important in
fluence in time on the theatricals of the
' PaciSc Coast. Of his proposed production
here of "Everyman" he Epoke in the most
¦ enthusiastic terms and especially as to
the f!aborate manner ln which it is
planned to stage it, and remarked that
he was certain that it would demand a
repetition and result in the popularizing
]ora!!y of the dramas ln which he has
l»cen interested many years and for the
success of which he had spent a great
deal of time and energy.
Greet expects to remain in San Fran
cisco for several days, during which he
v.iil visit neighboring points of interest.
His trip to this city was ln response to
en Invitation from the faculty of the State
University.
Visits Berkeley to Inspect
Recently Completed
Amphitheater.
No Complaint Being Sworn
To, Trial of Case Is Con
tinued.
Man Who Made Attack
on Nuns Appears in
Court.
BeDJamin Greet to Bring
Elizabethan Drama
to the Coast. ,
Contract Is Let for Edifice That Will Be Ornate and So
Planned as to Provide Every Accommodation for the
Pupils Who May Seek Education Within Its Walls
LONDON'S NOTED
MANAGER HERE
NEW STRUCTURE TO BE ERECTED
FOR ST. PETER'S PAROCHIAL SCHOOL
SHOWS EFFECTS
OF MOB'S FISTS
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 1«, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ALASKA I
| Refrigerators |
5 Keep provisions longer 8
6 and use less ice than 8
g any other make. 8
p £ end for catalogue. . £t
Iw. W. MONTAGUE & CO. I
| 309-317 Market St |
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely •with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM. WATSON. -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leav» S*a S"raa-
clsco as follows:
For Ketchlkaa. Juneau.
Ekagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
in.. Jnly 10. 13. SO. 23. 30.
Aug-ust 4. Chanre to com-
pany's steamers at SeattI*.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Towmend. Seattla. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom— It
a. m.. July 10, 15. 20. 23. 30. August 4. Chans*
at Seattla to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and Q. X. Ry. : at Seattle for Taeoma to X.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Enreka (Humboldt Bar)— Pomona. 1:30
p. in.. July 9, 13. 21. 27, August 2: Corona.
1 :30 p. m., July 12. IS. 21. SO. Aarnst 5.
For Los Angeles (vt* Port Lo« Asselas and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — Santa
Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and Bast
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa. Crus. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8, 16, £4, August 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena. Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, 1a Pas. Santa Ro-
salia' Guaymas (Mex.). Id a, m. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to chaaga steamers or •»!!-
Inr dates.
•pjQVW O v " *•' »CF-S— 4 N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Uarket street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails July 12. 22. Aug. 1. 11. 21.
SI "Geors* W. Elder" satis July 17. 27. An*.
«."l3, 2«. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR and short rail Una from Portland to. all
points East. Through tickets to all points, ell
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m F T. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
D«pf.. 3 Montgomery St. ,.
ft HTTP*™* 1 * ints.
Hew Tork — Sou thamptos — Ziosdoa.
St Paul.JulyZJ. 10 amlPhlla. .Aug. 12. 10 am
N. York. Aug. 5. 10 am'St.Louls.Aug. 19. 10 am,
ATXA2STIC TBAHS70BT XJHS.
W«w York— Iiondon.
Mln'nka.July 25. 6 ami Mtnnha.Aug.3. 5:30 am
Mln'lis.Ausr.'l. ll:3O'amlMe«aba.Auir. 15. 9 am
Only first-class passengers carried.
f Dosnsios TaXj&u.
Borton— Queenatown — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. July 3f I Commonwealth. Aug. 27
New England... Aug. flN'ew England. .Sept. 3
Mayflower Aug. 1"> Mayflower Sept. 10
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Kensington July 25(Southwark Aug. 9
Dominion Aug. 11 Canada Aug. 23
Boston anssxTxaubAarBjur service.
Azores, Gibraltar, XTaples, Genoa.
Cambroman Sat.. Aug. 8. Sept. 19. Oct. .Tl
Vancouver Sat.. Aug. 20. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND AMEBICA USX.
H>w Tork — Rotterdam, via Boulogne.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam July 29'Etatendam Aug. 12
Potsdam Aug. 5'Ryndam Aug, 13
BED STAB LUTE.
XTaw Tork— -Antwerp — Paris.
Vad'rl'd.July 25, 10 am; Zeetend. Aug. 8. 10 am
Kroonl'd.Aug. 1. 10 am! Finland. Aug. 13. 10 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
Hew Tork — Queensiorra — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Victorian. July 21. 6 am Oceanic .-July 29.9 :3Cam
Msjestic. . July 22, noon Cymric July 31. It am
Celtic... July 24. 5 pm Armenian. Aug. 4. 6 am
C D TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.-
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONOKONO. calling at Kobe (Htogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connsctlng at
Hcngkong with steamers for India, etc. No
carro received on board on day cf sailing. ,
B S NIPPON MARU Friday. July 3*. JSC3
a S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 28. 1903
S S." HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. lOttl
Via Honolulu. Round- trip tickets at reduced
ra te*. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
ffamburg-Stmerican.
For PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURO
Tvia-Sertw Exjr«n and Ptsssagw Serrht.
F Bismarck. . . .July 16 Moltke Aug. «
Patricia July 18 Walderse* .....Aug. 3
Bluecher July 23 Palatia Aug. 13
Pretoria Aug. 1 Bluecher Aug. 20
HAXBU&O-AXXKICAN MXS. 37 Fwiy. N. T.
HERZOG St CO.. 401 California st.. Gen. Agts.
OccaDles.s.co. ssss^st
«<t SONOMA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney*. Thursday. July 16. 2 p. m.
K<? ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23, 11 a. m.
ESI MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15, 11 a. m.
jj.Sr8EHEUfta»U.C8.lfltS-.TUitKSci,U3Iiru:3l
Fr#t«5*323MarWSL.tel3.7.Fi3&Il
CO HP A3 SIX eXlOUULX TKA2T3ATLA5TIQ71
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. j^^ £ _
Bailing every Thursday. Inntead of •^SjjSS)
Eaturtay. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »«a«fii
North Kw. 1°°* of MortoB street.
N Flrst-cIa*. to Havre 170 and upward. Bee-
•rd-clas* to Havre. |44 and upward. OEM-
praLACESCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA? 32 Broadway IHudwn building).
N*w York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Ttfk° ta sold p» »» Railroad Ticket Agents.
**ar» lalaad aafl VallnJ* ' Htasunar*.
8team»r GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
B-O *. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. ex. Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves VaUeJoj,
T a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. T a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far*. 60 cents. Tel-.
Main 1308. Pier 2, MlMion-»t. dock, HATCH
BROS.
•"-*?' '^ ADVERTISEMENTS. .\* -~
FOR TWENTY YEARS MAJOR MARS ~
. SUFFERED FROM CATARRH OF THE KIDNEYS
DANGEROUS KIDNEY DISEASES CURED mBIB
Pe-ru-na Creating a National Sensation in the Cure teJS§«|1i|Ij Ijf |i r»t^
of Chronic Ailments or the Kidneys. 'I ll tO^c
Major T. H. Mars of the First "VViscon- allowed t o % ' F^***-
sln Cavalry Regiment writes from 1425 remain. 1 1
Dunnlntf street, Chicago, 111., the follow- vea great "^^pj I JBfiStaSi^^P*"
"For years I suffered with catarrh of the the heart's »i<2^W\l«]^\-2^">^
kidneys contracted in the army. Medicine action and V^^^J igB^Yfc^rr
did not help me any until a comrade who had ' s o^ r^^iri U W^\wC^ £ *'
been helped by Peruna advised me to try it. O f which are '^'Z *1^ A\VA^"-1
I bought some at once, and soon found blessed apt to fall /Sr' / ltM \VV ~ J~l
relief. I kept taking it four months, and am r £p ld 'y ln fiffiSfisf /I
now well and strong and feel better than I thls dlseaae - 1
hare done for the past twenty years, thanks P"eruna v »\\\\ I
At the appearance of the first symp- . because «S^^^^ . 1
toms of kidney trouble .Peruna ."hould P J catarrh wherever located.
ttoSwroJft thT disease It It oSci « you do not derive prompt and sat-
r t e h l!evls 0 th 1 e 0 c t at 0 a^r t h h a e i $fi£2£ of tt? »ta£ factory results from the use of Peruna
fat r eTthe 0 Wdne h v 8 fto^S. b* pleaded to give you his valuable advice
blood the accumulating poison, and S^Vf- „ _.
thus prevents the convulsions which Address Dr. Hartman, president of The
are sure to follow If the poisons are Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.
uwuwww ADVERTISEMENTS. £ £
San F*rancisco, Thursday, 16 July, 190X ' . ¦ \
QGSK. VdJLUco, :"*py« UvJ
. There are some exceptionally good values in boudoir .
desks here these days as well as in other lines. Above
is pictured one. An oak desk, in golden finish. Rather ,
plain, but of very neat design. Price $9.00.
Pro-Brussels Rugs, for the dining room or living
room. These are extra heavy ingrain rugs in Body ,
Brussels effects and are quite inexpensive. Size 7 feet ¦
6 inchs by 9 feet, < 7.5o; size 9 by 9 feet, $9 00; size 9 by "•
¦ 10 feet 6 inches, $ 10.50; size 9^by 12 feet, $12.00.
Are you going to place an order with us for one of
our "Pacific Cable Edge" woven wires before the price
advances? Only until August 1st will the, price be
$2.65, remember. After that we will ask f 4. 00, the
regular price. ' ,
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977^ Market Street, Opp. Golden ; Gate Avenue.PROJECTOR OF ALASKAK-
S IBERIAN RAILWAY. AND
MAP OF PROPOSED ROUTE.
AT the close of the Boxer rebellion, and after
Peking had been made safe for the foreign
legations, the United States, England, Ger
many, France, Japan, Italy and Russia, which had all
been represented on Chinese soil by troops and in
her waters by warships, agreed with each other and
with China to evacuate the country at fixed dates.
This agreement was a formal international treaty be
tween its signatories. They have all kept faith ex
cept Russia. She is still in Manchuria, where she
was when she gave her word to leave. She has used
her position there to coerce China into granting to
her permanent occupancy and- control of North
China, and she has lied about it to the powers that
took her word to evacuate.
If the armies of the other signatories were still
THE MANOHURIAN MUDDLE.
Cornelius Vanderbilt entertained Emperor William
the other day on his superb yacht And still wagging
tongues will say that the Emperor is hard to please.
THE latest novelty, or deviltry, in the way of
compounding or concentrating articles of food
or drink is reported from London, and con
sists of a "beer concentrate," recently submitted for
inspection at a meeting of the British brewers. The
invention is not quite equal to a beer tablet which
a man could carry around id" his pocket, but it is the
next thing to that and may eventually lead to it.
In describing the invention the Westminster Ga
zette says: "Shorn of all technical detail, concen
trated beer, which is of the consistency of treacle,
is a pure and unadulterated hopwort produced by
the mashing of hops and malt. No sugar whatever
is added. The concentrate when ready is poured
into tins or drums and hermetically sealed, in which
form it is proof against all climatic changes." From
56 pounds of the concentrate there can be made 36
gallons of "sparkling light pale ale." All the pur
chaser has to do is to add to the concentrate a quan
tity of water in proportion to the strength which he
prefers in his beer, put in the yeast, which is shipped
with the concentrate, and allow time for fermenta
tion. It is claimed that a good beer can be furnished
in that way at a cost of not exceeding twenty-five
cents a gallon even in the wilds of South Africa.
The story is a pleasing one and the reference to
light sparkling pale ale is enticing, but despite the
assurances that the mixture is pure and unadulter
ated, the chances are that we have here another one
of those cheap and easy ways of manufacturing arti
cles for food and for drink which have become such
an abomination in our markets. Recently the author
ities of Minnesota are reported to have found men
making strawberry jam out of hay seed with an ad
mixture of glucose and a little coloring and flavor
ing material. That mixture was also called "pure."
It had nothing in it but' genuine vegetable substances.
No consumer, however, likes to be fed on hay seed
when he asks for strawberries and pays for them.
The "beer concentrate" is of- no' great importance
in itself, but it is another step in the direction of
the wholesale "sophistication" of all sorts of food
and drink, so that in the end we may yet see man
kind'throwing. fine fruit and grapes to hogs, while
converting hay seed and refuse into desserts and
wines for themselves.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street Telephone Main IOC -* :
A BEER CONCENTRATE.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market St.. above Call bldg.*
Look out for SI Fourth (front of barber,
grocer); best eyeglasses, specs, 20c to 50c."
William Jennings Bryan is authority for the as
sertion that the reappearance and present activity of
Grover Cleveland in American politics arc simply a
comedy. It was probably for personal reasons
that William Jennings did not say farce, as he in
sists upon his own monopoly of that phase of Amer
can public life.
Dr. F. B. Jones and family are guests
at the Lick.
R. M. Green, a mining man of Oro'vllle,
is at the Lick.
Dr. D. E. Blackburn of Halfmoon Bay
is at. the Grand.
C. B. Andross, a merchant of Marys
vllle, is at the Lick.
Assemblyman F. E. Dunlap of Stock
ton is at the Lick.
J. Ross Trayner, a business man of
Marysville. is at the Lick.
J. G. Scott, a paper manufacturer of
Agnews, Is at the California.
R. L. Holman, a merchant of Pacific
Grove, is registered at the Grand.
C. L. Splivalo, a capitalist of Belmont,
and Mrs. Splivalo are stopping at the
Palace.
Mark L. McDonald Jr.. son of the well
known Santa Rosa capitalist, was among
yesterday's arrivals at the California.
James A. Wilder, son of the late S. G.
Wilder of Honolulu, who was president
of the steamship company that bears his
name, arrived from Paris yesterday and
is registered at trie Occidental. He is re
turning to his old home on the islands.
Wager Swayne of New York, son of a
former Justice of the United States Su
preme Court, has been a guest at the
Palace for several days. To-day, accom
panied by his aunt Mrs. Parsons, a
wealthy woman of Washington, he will
leave for Honolulu on the steamer So
noma. He is connected with the United
States Steel Company.
Pictures and Frames.
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures,
and everybody can have them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing.
New moldings, new mat boards and bind
ing papers Just received. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, July 15.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— A. A. Levy and Miss Kendall,
at the St. Denis; Dr. T. E. Moore, at the
Vendome; Mrs. J. Cone and J. Otis, at the
Manhattan; J. W. Culbert and Q. Flamm,
at the Herald Square; F. A. McFarland,
at the Bartnoldl; J. W. Splrker, at the
Victoria; Mrs. G. Stallard, at the Broad
way Central; W. G. Dodd, at the Gtlsey;
P. F. Dundon, at the New Amsterdam; B.
8. Hubbard, at the Imperial; F. 8.
Spright, at the Empire.
Los Angeles— J. M. Johnston, at the
Grand Union; H. 8. Bear, W. C. Brode.
W. M. Hlatt, R. Nankowskl and A. F.
Piafnnger, at the Herald Square.
"Simultaneously with the beginning of the
construction work on the proposed road from
Seattle northward to the strait, we will .begin
the undermining of the strait and the laying
of our rails northeastward from Irkutusk, with
Of these plans De Lobel said yesterday:
Referring to his maps, De Lobel showed
where It was purposed to enter Into traffic
arrangements with the transcontinental
lines of the United States for the trans
portation of passengers across the coun
try from New y/ork to San Francisco and
then northward to Seattle, from whence
his own company will build still farther
northward to Bering Straits, by way of
Juneau, penetrating the various rich min
eral districts of the northern possession,
wh'.ch he figures will In ten years' time be
thickly populated and be yielding enor
mous quantities of tin, gold, copper and
other metals and eventually developing
Into one of the greatest agricultural
places In the world. From the eastern
terminus of the Trans-Siberian road at
Irkutusk, on the other side, to the coast,
northward at a point directly opposite the
point on the Alaskan shore . where the
tunnel is to begin, the company In which
De Lobel is interested purposes to also
build a road and he says that an under
standing has already been had with the
Russian officials that the Siberian road
will be Joined in the all-rail project, with
a view of developing the eastern coun
try of the Czar's domain.
TO EXPEND MILLIONS.
safeguard against leakage and most formidable
in resisting the great pressure that will have
to be contended with. The larger of the two
Diomede islands will be used probably for a
compressed air station and repair shops. We
have taken soundings of the entire breadth of
the straits and find that the average depth of
the water Is 150 feet. With these facts before
us. our engineers have estimated that it will
cost In the neighborhood of $63,000,000 to build
the tunnels and their connections.
Outside of the Government experiments the con
struction of steamers with the turbine engines has
been limited to two small steamers plying on the
Clyde and three pleasure yachts, in addition to the
Queen. There is now in process of construction,
however, an ocean steamer for the Atlantic trade that
:11 give the new form of propulsion a full and fair
trial. She is expected to make twenty-five knots
on an average across the Atlantic and to be the
swiftest ocean greyhound afloat The inventor is
sanguine of even better results than that He claims
that the larger the vessel the greater will be the ad
vantage of substituting rotary for reciprocating en
gines; that there will be gain, of speed, economy
and evenness of motion, and that in the near future
luxurious liners with turbine engines will transport
passengers across the Atlantic in four days, and pos
sibly in three.
It is the belief of the inventor that he will be
eventually able to overcome the defect complained of
and to equip a steamer with turbine engines that
will drive her ahead or astern at a rate of thirty
knots. The engine, indeed, is far from being per
fected. The first "turbiner" was launched in 1897, and
the craft was hardly large enough to count for more
than a model. The British Government had two
small war craft fitted with the turbine engines and
they proved exceptionally fast, one of them making
thirty-five and the other thirty-nine knots on trial,
but both were lost at sea. There is now only one
war vessel on the sea with turbine engines, and she
is not dependent on them, being fitted with ordinary
engines for general use, and resorting to the turbine
only for exceptional cases where high speed is de
sired. •
venience.
A correspondent of the Westminster Gazette, who
made the trip with the Queen on her trial, says:
''She has more reserve power than the old boats;
fhe is expected to prove more economical in steam
and coal consumption, and the upkeep of her en
gines will be less costly in many ways than that of
the existing type of engines. Those throbbing mo
tions which accempanj' the working of the pistons in
ordinary engines are banished, and the; turbine's ab
sence of vibration will be welcome by those who
<Jread the tossing waves."
The chief defect in the new engine is that of an
incapacity for going backward as readily as the ex
isting engines. The Queen, for example, can be
driven ahead at a rate of twenty-two knots, but her
speed astern is only thirteen knots, and special tur
bines for reversing have to be provided even to at
tain that speed. Atlantic captains wish to be able to
go ahead or astern at the same rate of speed, and
consequently ship builders and owners have been
slow in adopting the rotary method of propulsion.
We learn from our London exchanges that the
Queen has a length of 310 feet, a molded breadth of
40 feet and a depth of 25 feet. She is in every re
spect much superior to the ordinary channel steamer
and is fitted with far larger accommodations for pas
sengers. On a measured mile she made a speed of
22\'i knots. While traveling at a 20-knot speed her
engines were reversed and it was found she could be
stopped in one minute and seven seconds, or within
a distance of 129 fathoms, or two and a half times
her own length. The swiitest steamers now plying
between Dover and Calais require seventy-five min
utes for the trip in the best weather. The Queen
can make it in less than sixty minutes, so that the
crossing will be in future literally a ferry over which
passengers can go with comparatively little incon-
COMPARATIVELY little attention was given
in this cour.tr>' to the recent trial trip of the
steamer Queen across the British Channel
under the rotary method of steamship propulsion. In
Great Britain, however, the event has been noted as
one of grc-t interest, as it was the first trial of the
turbine engine on a ship of sufficient size to carry
passengers and freight and be commercially useful.
The success which attended the trial has been hailed
as a demonstration of the triumphs of the turbine,
and it is now predicted that within a few years
turbine steamers will be as common on the ocean as
those with reciprocating engines.
THE TURBINE STEAMER.
"We hope to have an American company or
ganized ¦within a year by which time our re
port, now on Its way to St. Petersbur?. will
have been passed upon by the Czar's officials
and as soon as the Russian Government gives
the word, the companies organized In Europe
will be merged into the American corporation
and the directors of the latter, representing the
capital of all the countries that contribute,
will be asked to select a man of the United
States to accept the presidency of the concern.
It has been our understanding with the Rus
sian officials that the work should be under
taken by an American company and that the
president ot the latter shall be an American.
"With the road and tunnel completed and
the numerous traffic arrangements ¦with
other roads of the United States and En
rope effected, De Lobel declares that the
people of the world will be afforded an
all-rail route from New York to Paris, a
distance that will be traversed In the
most comfortable and modern trains In
side of seventeen days. De Lobel says
the development of the Territory of
Alaska will In the end repay the amount
expended In the construction of the
Trans- Alaskan-Siberian Railway andbrtnj?
to Its builders an enormous revenue from
the sale of lands for mineral and agri
cultural purposes.
FBOM NEW YOBK TO PAXIS.
a view of completing the three undertakings
about the «ame time. Our plans for the en
tire work call for an expenditure- of about
$200,000,000 and of this amount we ha-e al
ready been -Tiaranteed nearly $50,000,000 In
France. Our company there Is composed of
some of the moat representative men In that
country. In Russia, where the principle of the
project has already been approved by the Min
ister of Finance and his guaranty of ample
concessions made, we have assurance from the
greatest of men of finance of liberal support.
A-i that is needed now is co-operation of
American capital. Captain J. J. Healey of the
North American Transportation Company, who
is working with me In this country, and to
whom I am Indebted for much assistance In
the securing of data regarding the conditions
of the country through which we are to build
on this coast, has already Interested several
wealthy and Influential men In the East in
the project and I have reason to believe that
among them is John D. Rockefeller. — -,
3^ -^ii&s Coll
THURSDAY JULY 16, IOQ3
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
AC-rets All Communications to W. S. LZAKE. Monofltr.
TELEPHONE.
A_Jc for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ton With the Department Yon Wish.
PTJBUCATIOjr OFFICE... Market and Tblrd, 3. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 St-ren-OB St.
DeSvered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Ctt.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
fnu br Mall. InduCJnr Po«_-6» <C*--. With Or__r)f
DAILY CX1X <__clu«i_x 6aa£art. on* Tew *?"2_J
DAXX.T CAUL (lnclu-!c« Suad&r). • month- 4~OO
DAXLT C-XJ-— By SlacrU Month... 75 °
SUKBAT CALL. On* T«ar 2 *">
WErKT.T CALL, Ob* T«az 1 «°°
f Dally... »S.SO Per Te*x Extra.
rOBSOSr POSTAGE i 6onC_T.i 4.1& P«r *e*r Kxtr*
I Weekly.. 1A*> **-*" y **» Extra
Pottmufrr* a*-« authorised to recelf*
»oto»crtption».
Bucpit eepica will t» forwarded when reQ-tctad.
y»n *cb-cr!b«r» ta orflerlsc chant* of ad-re** should _•
larUccUr to «Jt- both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
-e irxtr* * prompt «-~l correct eoaaplUne* with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Malm 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICC
£143 Center Street Telephone Worth 77
___________
C GCOUGC KROGXE SS, Manager Forfl.n ?drer-
CULnff, Maranette Uulldlnt, Chicago.
(Lobc DlaU—oa Telephone "Central 2C19-")
W_S__J«3TOH CORRESPONDENT:
KOaTO.1 E. CBAM3 14OO G Street, If. W.
J«EW TORK REPRESENT ATIVK:
eTEFHi:* B. SMITH 30 Tribute Building
NEW TOR— CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CABXTOX Herald Square
BBJ-JTCH OFFICES— C27 Monttomery. eor&er of Clay, ©p*
«__1 •:_0 o'clock. SOO Hum. open until »:S0 o'clock. «»
>ff-TTi««»- open tmtU *:S0 o'clock. CIS Larldn. open until
1:50 o'clock. 1041 -U-Ucn. open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, ecraer eixteenth, open until -.o'clock. 10W V*.
Irarta. open cntll 9 o'clock. 109 Eleventh, open ostU .
-'dock. KW. corner T-renty-»econd and Kentucky, cpea
cstU » o'clui. 2200 Fillmore. ©pen until 9 o'clock.'
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR TEE SUMMER
Call •a'b»crlber» conttmnlatlnR a rhaas* of
reside— ce florin* the -nmmer months can have
their paper forwarded br mall to their new
tAdrec-ra br notifying: The Call Dntlneii Office.
Thi- paper will also be on -ale at all summer
resorts end Is represented .»y a local scent la
all torrn* •>¦ the coast.
PERSONAL MENTION.
We purpose to have a large and airy tunnel,
possibly two and. If necessary, three. The dis
tance to undermine is thirty-seven miles and
we have thoroughly acquainted ourselves with
the condition of the bottom of the waters un
der which we intend to operate. It is of a
granite formation and Just the sort that will
best serve our purposes. In that It wlll# be a
A FEASIBLE PROJECT.
In discussing this subject yesterday De
Lobel said:
> , 9"vr^ WO years will be all that It
© © 11 necessary to complete the
II tunneling of Bering Straits
** and within* six years the rail
road that will connect two
great hemispheres will be In full opera
tion."
Lolcq de Lobel, the French geographer,
who has formulated extravagant plans
for belting the globe with steel rails and
foreees the realization of his gigantic
scheme, which Involves a route beneath
the waters that separate the Siberian and
Alaskan shores, was In a most sanguine
mood when seen yesterday in his apart
ments at the Palace. Other than In a
general way he had little to add to what
was told in yesterday's Call of his great
project, which, in fact, has as Its most
enterprising and interesting feature the
proposed tunnel under the Straits of Ber
ing, a distance of thirty-seven miles,
which he does not regard as a very dif
ficult task or one that will involve a
period of labor of .more than two years.
It is mainly to the ingeunity of Amer
ican engineers that De Lobel looks for the
solution of the problem as to which will
be the best means of carrying out his
plans insofar as they apply to the Ber
ing Straits portion of his undertaking.
The American, he argues, is capable of
accomplishing the work which many have
been pleased to refer to as a difficult feat,
but which he regards as being no more
difficult than the construction of a great
tunnel beneath the channel from Dover to
Calais, a proposition which has been pro
nounced perfectly feasible.
OUR Eastern fellow countrymen are sweltering
through a heated spell that is not only tor
rid, but horrid, and our Eastern exchanges
are daily advising them to keep cool, and occasion
ally publishing a long list of "don'ts" intended to in
duce them to abstain from things, thoughts and ac
tions that tend to superheat the blood and produce
prostration.
A specimen illustration of the weather reports of
that section of the country and of the editorial com
ment upon it is furnished in a recent issue of the
New York Tribune. In its news columns it headed
a long array of names of persons killed or pros
trated on the streets the dayrbefore by saying: "It
was intensely hot yesterday. It was the hottest day
of the year. The temperature ranged between 71
degrees at 6 a. m. and 94 at 4 p. m. The record for
the year previous to yesterday was 91 degrees, re
corded on May 20. Ten deaths and thirty-six pros
trations were reported. According to the Weather
Bureau there is relief in sight to-day. The forecast
made public last night was as follows: 'Friday,
fair, followed by thunder showers in the afternoon or
night. Saturday, showers and cooler. Variable
winds.* ' The deaths and prostrations follow."
The deaths and prostrations that follow make a
fearful list for a single day in a single city. It is
worse than a battle during the Spanish war. Edi
torially on the same day the Tribune began a long
list of "don'ts" by saying: "Don't hurry; don't walk
on the sunny side of the street; don't wear a heavy
black hat and thick, stuffy clothes; don't drink al
coholic liquors, or beverages rich with sugary syrups,
or ice-cold water; don't wear a high, tight collar; don't
fill your stomach with rich, highly spiced carbona
ceous food; don't worry; don't swear at the weather
forecaster — he is doing his best."
Thus the advice runs trippingly on from "don't" to
"don't." The list is long, varied, glittering, learned,
incisive, picturesque, ascetic, charitable, pitiful, pro
voking and slightly fatiguing. Indeed, when read in
the sweltering heat of New York it must have been
very fatiguing, and one can readily conceive a reader
saying with a gasp for breath, "This makes me tired."
Despite the "length and the variety of the list, how
ever, it is by no means comprehensive. The most im
portant "don't" of all is omitted, which inclines one
to believe that the writer himself was prostrated be
fore he completed his article. The omitted "don't" is
just this: "Don't stay in the East. Go West. Don't
swelter in New York. Go to San Francisco and get
vigorous." If our Eastern exchanges would impress
that "don't" upon their readers there would be less
suffering over there and more happy people over
here.
AN OMITTED "DON'T."
In all the relationships of life it is conceded that
one good turn deserves another. This may remind
Fire Commissioner Parry that since Mayor Schmitz
had temerity enough to whitewash him when the
operation was necessary in the cause of public de
cency, Commissioner Parry ought now in the same
worthy cause to apply the whitening brush to Mayor
Schmitz.
When the progressive devices of New Zealand were
boasted as a solution of all social problems other
countries were emboldened to persist in experiments
already in action for the application of academic
theories to the affairs of life. The postal telegraph in
England had long been a Government business ac
tivity. The advocates of government ownership in
this country, emboldened by the seeming success of
artificial devices in the antipodes, pushed their de
mands. Now it transpires that the British taxpayer
is getting tired of supporting the postal telegraph.
Last year the telegraph deficit was $4,753,700. This
deficit was mostly produced by yielding to aggres
sive demands for an increase in wages and safaries.
The English telegraph employes have a vote and use
it to coerce politicians into an increase of pay, to be
granted without regard to the quality or quantity of
their work. With this large deficit they are asking
for more and reject the offer of the British Post
master General to submit their demand to a com
mittee of business men, preferring to go directly to
Parliament, where, by political influence, they are
sure to win, as they always have.
Much has been heard about the cheapness of tele
graphing in England. But, cheap as it is, a vast
majority of the taxpayers make infrequent use of it,
or none at all. Yet by taxation they pay the bills of
those who do use it. This seems to be one of the
evils of government ownership. It indicates that
justice requires, if such ownership is to prevail, that
all public utilities owned by Government should be
bonded and interest and 'current expenses should
be charged to those who use them, in the price of
such use, so that the non-user will be freed of their
support. As it is difficult to find a public utility that
is used equally by all taxpayers, this is the only just
system. By this and a proper system of accounting
it will soon be demonstrated whether Government
can carry on business as successfully as an individual
or a private corporation. "
Government ownership has been propagated so far
exclusively upon the idea of its superior cheapness.
Any degree of cheapness can vbe reached when de
ficits are met by general taxation. The case may be
very different when each utility has to be maintained
only by those who use it. For instance, if the Eng
lish postal telegraph had been maintained last year
only by its users their telegraphing would have cost
them $4,753,700 more than it did, and the burden of
that deficit would not have fallen upon the tax
payer.
Having abandoned the natural adjustment of pro
duction by competition and the fitting of the cost
of necessaries to self-adjusted wages, it has at last
dawned upon the people that artifice has made their
condition worse than it could possibly have been had
artifice been avoided in the first place. The Employ
ers' Association first took action and denounced the
system as not beneficial but injurious. Then fol
lowed a meeting of labor unions and socialists,
which discussed the system and condemned it by
vote.
NEW ZEALAND acquired a world- wide repu
tation as the land where there were no strikes.
This was ascribed to the compulsory arbitra
tion. The arbitrators depended, immediately or
proximately, on politics for appointment to their
office. The system was vehemently demanded by
the labor unions, whose membership included only
one-third of the working people of the colony. But
they were organized and formed a compact body of
voters in politics. They got their arbitration board
and then immediately began aggressive demands
upon it.
Outside the success of these demands was taken
to be evidence of the success of the system, and so
cialist and labor union writers have spread abroad
the idea that New Zealand was an industrial paradise,
where everything flourished. A Wellington corre
spondent of the London Times joins many other ob
servers in giving the other side of the picture. The
colony has only 750,000 inhabitants. Careful ob
servers were always cautious about accepting results
of such an experiment in a small community as evi
dence that its principles applied to large countries
would produce like results. In mechanism many an
inventor has produced a model that worked beauti
fully, as a model, but failed utterly when put to a
larger, practical use. So thinkers looked on un
moved at what was claimed to be the success at
tained by New Zealand, as a model, and felt no haste
to apply the principle to the greater work of the
world. Now evidence accumulates that the model
has failed, as a model.
Through politics organized labor succeeded so well
in its aggressions that a reaction has set in. The
wages of labor have been so advanced as to make
production unprofitable. Manufacturers find that
products can be imported cheaper than they can be
made, and are closing their plants. Organized labor
is being thrown out of employment because capital
will not invest in enterprises and abandons those that
were established.
One effect of the system is of local interest just
now. Beginning with the first arbitrary advance in
wages the cost of living rose also. When that oc
curred a demand was made for another raise in wages
and was granted, as being necessary to level up the
purchasing power of wages with the rise in the
necessaries of life. No sooner did this succeed than
the cost of living rose again. The erection of houses
cost more, and rents went up. AH production was
made more costly and it took more to live. A natural
law was in battle with artificial regulation, and nat
ural law won, as it always does. At last production
in many lines has become so costly that it is ceasing
altogether, and labor is thrown back upon the pub
lic works and pensions, which have to be supported
by taxation. Again, a rise in taxes means a rise in
the cost of living, and natural law gives battle once
more to artificial device.
ANTIPODAL EXPERIMENTS.
within recall they would be justified in attacking her
and driving her across the Yalu River. But they are
not there. She astutely figured on getting them out
of the way and succeeded. Having been foiled in her
scheme for forcing China to part permanently with
Manchuria, she now demands that all other foreign
ers be excluded from that province .for six years,
promising that at the end of that time they may be
admitted. This is an impudent and insufferable prop
osition. It means, even if kept in good faith, and
there is every reason to <_oubt that it would be, that
Russia shall have six years in which to entrench her
trade and military position and Russianize the prov
ince.
It is to be hoped that Japan will feel able to take
the initiative against this Muscovite iniquity, and all
the rest of the world will rejoice if she give the
brutal bear the drubbing he has earned. It is un
likely that the United States will have occasion to
interfere. But if our hand become necessary in such
a war, there is no nation that ought to feel its
weight more than Russia.
LOBEL IS SANGUINE OVER PROJECT
FOR RAILROAD AROUND THE WORLD
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1903.
6
Does your head Itch? Is your coat or
dress full of white flakes after dressing
your hair? That's the effect of dandruff.
Is your hair thinning? Are you beginning
to get bald in spots? Are you already,
in fact, rapidly becoming bald? If so,
that is the effect of a measly little para-
site that burrows in at the root of. the
hair, and throws up the scalp In dandruff
and eats off the hair at the root. Science's
latest discovery is a destroyer of that
pestiferous germ. That destroyer Is con-
tained In no other hair preparation on
earth but Newbro's Herpidde. Try It and
be convinced. A delightful dressing:. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpidde Co., Detroit,
Mich. - . . . \ -
Newbro's Herpidde Destroys the Pes-
tiferous Cause of Annoying
Dandruff.
KO MORE DANDBUFF.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whisper to Your Lady Love
SOMETHING NEW—SOMETHING FASCINATING
Ode to the Summer Girl
BY MARY IL WILKINS
This Is the First of a Series of Full-Page Pictures, With Catchy
Appreciations by Famous Authors, Which Are Just
as Good for the Bashful Swain as the
Ardent Suitor.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL I
Truth} Philosophy and a Laugh in Every Line of the "Letters Fro_a
a Self -Made Merchant to Hi- Son," Called
Pastels in Pork No. 3
CHRIS COX'S STRANGE WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
CHINATOWN EXPERIENCES BUND "CATTLE KING"
( YooTl Simply Roar Over the Next . \
V COLOREaCQRgC SUPPLEMENT j. ,;
And There's a Splendid Masterpiece tn Color, Made Especially
for Framings
watson's «fflr-m and CATTLE"The Wells-Fargo Company ' and the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company filed
applications with the Board of Supervis
ors yesterday for reduction of assess
ment on their respective franchises, the
applications amounting to about $2,000,000.
The Wella-Fargo Company has been
assessed for $1,180,580 for personal prop
erty and its franchise, the latter being
estimated at $150,000.
In Its application for reduction of
assessment Wells-Fargo Company avers
that its franchise has no tangible value,
that its is a Colorado corporation and
subject to the laws of that State.
The express company last year filed a
nimilar application for reduction and
brought suit in the Superior Court.. A
similar action was brought by the Cali
fornia, Bank, which also objected to pay-
Ing taxes on its assessed franchise. ... ..
Superior Judge Sloss decided against
Wells-Fargo Company and . the Callfor- ,
Warrant For Logan's Arrest.
Jesse S. Partridge, photo supply dealer
of 24 Montgomery street, swore to a com
plaint before Police Judge Cabanlss yes
terday charging Frank B. Logan with
petty larceny. Logan was discharged
from Partridge's service about a week
ago for drunkenness and it is alleged
that yesterday morning, while there was
no one in the office except a small boy
Logan etole HO worth of photo supplies
from it.
Spring Valley Meeting Postponed.
There wai to have been a meeting of
shareholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company yesterday afternoon, but as there
were not enough shares represented to
fulfill the requirements of the law an ad
journment was taken until Wednesday,
July 29.
SAY FRANCHISES
ARE VALUELESS
Dr. L. M. I>aib, dentist, has removed his
offices to 660 Sutter street. *
Nearly 140 boys, members of the Young
Men's Christian Association, returned yes
terday from Korbel Canyon on the Rus
sian River, near Guerneville, where they
have been camping for the last month.
The lads looked to be in splendid fettle.
They were browned, healthy and happy!
The youngsters had a delightful time.
They fished, swam, played, tramped and
enjoyed athletic sports for thirty days.
The encampment was called Camp Mc-
Coy in honor of the secretary of the as
sociation. Tha discipline was splendid.
A. Claude Braden, secretary of the boys*
department, was in charge of the crowd
and he helped make things lively for the
campers. The boys had good food and
regular hours and were given medical
attention. They were called upon to pay
a nominal sum for their entertainment.
Members of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Back From
Their Vacation.
BREAK CAMP AND BETUBN
HCME IN GOOD HEALTH
The board referred the bids to the City
Architect with a request that he file a
report as to which system of heating and
ventilating be accepted as being most
suitable. The board will take action on
the bids on July 29.
Bids were opened for supplying the
heating and ventilating plant at the Noe
Valley School, the bids being as follows: •
R. Dalziel. $5779; W. Morgan & Co..
J5SS0; J. G. Grannls & Co., $8632. William
Cronan filed six separate bids, ranging
from $3989 to $6300, each bid being for a
different system.
A permit was granted to the Southern
Pacific Company to erect safety gates at
the railroad crossings at Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets and at San Jose ave
nue and the crossing. . ' . -*.X
J. H. Dignan, deputy in the office of the
Registrar of Voters, was given permis-
Eion to superintend . the building of a
warehouse for the election booths, the
warehouse to be erected at Eighteenth
and Division streets.
The Board of Public Works held a meet
ing yesterday at which all the members
were present.
Permission Is Given the Railroad by
Board of Public Works to Build
the Devices.
Those having charge of the arrange
ments are: W. H. Parker, H. C. Littell,
J. B. Reighley Jr., W. H. Denahy, R.
M. Hearon. H. Levy and E. Williams.
All members of me union will act on
the reception and floor committees. (
SAFETY GATES TO BE PUT
AT BAILBOAI> CROSSINGS
lae departure of boats for Fairfax
Park will be at 9. 10, 11:30, 12:30 and 1:30.
and th« return trains will leave at 3:25
and 6 d. m.
Games and dancine are to be indulged
in and the gate prizes will be numerous.
The stereotypers and web pressmen
ha\-e notified the committee that it is
their Intention to attend In a body.
getting everything in readiness for the
yearly outing, and it is confidently ex
pected that this year's excursion will be
a notable one in the history of the union.
The committee on arrangements has
been at work for the last two months
5 AN FRANCISCO MAILERS' UN
ION NO. 18 will hold its annual
picnic and family reunion at
Fairfax Park, Marin County, on
Sunday, July 13.
The applications will be passed upon by
the Supervisors to-morrow afternoon at
2 o'clock.
Ryan's application states that the ferry
boat systems have no franchise of their
own: that they are part of the eptlre
railroad system, and that it is well known
that the State Board of Equalization has
and will assess the entire property and
franchises of the corporation.
The reductions asked for by the South
ern Pacific Company are as follows: One
half of the franchise of the narrow-gauge
ferry system, $250,000; one-half of the
ferry system of the broad-gauge route,
$800,000.
The petition asks that the respective
franchises be reduced to the sum of $20.
The Heine Piano Company, assessed for
$16,294. filed application for a reduction
of $10,000. The company alleges that its
stock la worth $6100 and that it has cash
on hand amounting to $194. The Assessor
Included $10,000 worth of solvent credits
in the assessment. This is objected to by
the piano firm.
nia Bank and the case's are now on ap
peal in the Supreme Court. Pending a de
cision by the appellate court the two
corporations have not paid any taxes on
their franchises.
E. Black Ryan filed the applications for
reductions of assessments on the ferry
boat systems of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company. The ferry-boat systems
have ben assessed for their franchises in
San Francisco and in the counties across
the bay.
It is known that neither one of the
travelers had any money, and it is prob
able that the pair are at present in Oak
land or in the vicinity and are concealing
their whereabouts.
Despite the protests of Mrs. Reynolds,
the two young persons often have met by
secret engagements.
On Monday, June 29, after leaving
Marks Bros.' store, she met Mendoza and
the two proceeded to the girl's home, at
the Junction of Pacific and Jones streets.
Mr. Reynolds intercepted the pair and
demanded that he ceaso his attentions to
Miss Reynolds. Mendoza made some ob
jections and a fight ensued wherein Rey
nolds received some injuries. He then
returned to his home and Mendoza and
the daughter went in tho opposite direc
tion. Since then the Reynolds family
have not seen the daughter.
In her efforts to find the missing girl
Mrs. Reynolds received information that
her daughter Josephine had told a girl
acquaintance that she was going to Los
Angeles with Mendoza. Mrs. Reynolds
also learned from Henry Mendoza, a
brother of the missing young man, that
Mendoza had Informed him that he was
going to take Josephine to Los Angeles
and that the girl would leave on the boat
and he would beat his way down on the
train. * ?
Miss Reynolds has always lived with
her parents at 1716 Jones street and has
been employed for a few months as a
saleswoman at Marks Bros., on Market
street. A year ago last March she at
tended a party given by on© of her
friends, and it was there that she became
acquainted with Vincent Mendoza, who
was at that time employed as a driver for
E. E. Geisel, a grocer at 1205 Stockton
street.
Vincent Mendoza, aged 19 years, is
still missing and no positive information
as to their whereabouts is known.
The mother of the girl is grief-stricken
and has had a warrant for the arrest of
her daughter issued, so that every effort
will be made to locate the missing couple.
JOSEPHINE REYNOLDS, the 16
year-old girl who disappeared from
her home on June 29, probably In
company with a young man named
TWO MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE IN CHARGE OF ARRANGE
MENTS FOR THE PICNIC TO BE GIVEN NEXT SUNDAY BY SAN
FRANCISCO MAILERS' UNION NO. 1SL
Josephine Reynolds and Her
Suitor Cannot Be
Located.
SAN FRANCISCO GIRL WHO
HAS BEEN MISSING FOR
SEVERAL WEEKS.
Peters Is a heavy loser by the flre. He
was not insured. Loudon's loss Is covered
by Insurance.
A peculiar thing about the fire was that
it poured out of the front entrance and
ignited the woodwork on the outside of
the house. Eventually it played havoc
with the interior of the cafe.
Two causes are assigned for the flre.
One is electric wires being crossed and
the other that It was caused by the negli
gence of R. Loti, a helper in Peters* cafe.
The cafe proprietor lays the blame on
Ganuchl, his Japanese helper, who drop
ped coal oil over the draperies that cov
ered the piano. The real cause, according
to the firemen, was the negligence of one
of the guests of the cafe. It is charged
that this unknown person entered the
cafe for breakfast and laid a lighted cigar
on the piano. This ignited the draperies.
The guests suffered heavily by the flre.
Valuable bric-a-brac, jewelry and cloth
ing were destroyed or ruined. Miss Louise
Rosenberg of Los Angeles suffered a
heavy loss. Miss Sadie McClellan was
glad to escape with her life. She suffer
ed the loss of valuable wearing apparel.
W. D. Kelly attempted to elide down the
water pipe and was pulled into a room
by W. M. Lou'don, proprietor of the hotel.
Kelly wanted to jump from the window,
but was prevented. He subsequently es
caped from the building by means of a
ladder raised by the firemen.
Chris Peters was confined to his bed in
the rear of the cafe by illness. He was
carried out of the place by a rear win
dow. Mrs. A. F. Wood had to make her
escape as best she could. She was highly
excited and was forcibly carried down
the ladders by the firemen. E. C. Epps,
another roomer, had time to put on his
clothes and leave the house in good or
der. He assisted his fellow roomers to
escape from the place. B. E. Prlen oc
cupied a room immediately over the cafe
and he was awakened by the crackling
of flames. He made a hasty retreat from
the place.
Before the flames could be extinguished
the building and contents were damaged
to the extent of 510.003. Many of the
roomers lost their clothes, but all were
thankful for escaping with their lives.
The cry of "Flre" rang through . the
halls. The guests were rudely awakened
from their slumbers and hurried from
their rooms! Doors were broken open by
the police and firemen in order that no
person might be burned. -The hallways
were filled with smoke and the flames
added a lurid effect to the scene. Many
of the guests grabbed their valuables and
rushed from the building. Others only
managed to get a few articles of clothing
and dressed themselves on the street.
"Terry McGovern" Gaines, electrician of
the Olympic Club, succeeded in making
his exit with a bathrobe and a Panama
hat. When danger was past and there
were no more lives to save Gaines re
turned to his room and removed the rest
of his apparel.
NARROW ESCAPES.
The fire started in Peters' cafe at 6:25
o'clock. It was discovered by Jordan
Hall, a cook employed in the restaurant.
He was warned by a Japenese that the
draperies on the piano in the front part
of the eating-house were burning, and an
effort was made to extinguish the flames,
but without success. Police Officer Fen
nell was in the vicinity and turned in an
alarm. By the time the flre department
arrived on the scene the flames were
mounting to the roof. Chief Sullivan
saw the danger to the inmates and sur
rounding ¦ dwellings and immediately
turned in a second alarm.
STARTS IN CAFE.
Miss Viola Waters had a thrilling expe
rience yesterday morning during the pro
press of the fire in the Ashworth, a room
ing-house at 320 Mason street. She was
awakened at 6:30 o'clock by cries of flre,
and became bewildered and rushed
through the smoke-filled hall. Unable to
find her way out, she ran toward a win
dow In the rear of the building and gazed
down into the lot^ two stories below. The
fire escape had been cut off by the flames
and It seemed the only way to leave the
burning building was by Jumping. As she
Btood In the window, her hair streaming
and her face filled with fear, she cried
for help, and the firemen below, unable
to reach her with ladders, warned her
not to jump. The life net was quickly
brought, but the woman would not wait
for It. With one despairing look at the
flames around her, she jumped and was
caught in the arms of members of the
company. She was greatly freightened
by her experience and was taken to a
place of safety by friends. Clothes were
furnished her and later she was telling
her friends how she jumped from a sec
ond-Btory window to safety.
Hers was not the only exciting escape
from death. The fire was sudden and It
came at a time when all the inmates were
asleep, and many of them had to leave
their rooms in a hurry. Scantily clad men
and women rushed from the building.
Many had to be assisted down the ladders
by firemen, while others slid down the
pipes. The excitement was intense, and
but for the prompt assistance given by
the firemen and police many deaths might
have been recorded.
APPOINTMENTS ARE MADE.
The board then passed the following res
olutions:
That the request of T. B. White, principal
of Washington Grammar School, to be placed
on the retired list of teachers, be referred to
the Public School Teachers' Annuity and
Retirement Committee.
That T. H. McCarthy be and Is hereby elect
ed' principal of the Washington Grammar
School, to take effect upon the retirement of
T. B. White' from that position.
That L,. M. Shuck be and is hereby trans-'
ferred from the vice-prlncipalshlp of the Adams
Cosmopolitan School to the vlce-prlncipalshlp
of the Washington Grammar School.
That .Mlas H. Phillips be and Is hereby
elected vice-principal of the Adams Cosmopoli
tan School.
That Miss S. A. Langdon be and is hereby
elected a special teacher in stenography and
type-writing in this department, and assigned
to the Commercial School, said assignment to
take- effect July 20, 1003.
That Miss Helen F. McFarland be temporar
ily relieved from the vice-prlncipalshlp of the
Clement Grammar School and appointed act
ing principal of the Hearst Grammar School,
during the leave of absence granted to Mrs.
N. 'A. Wood.
That the superintendent be and is hereby
authorized and empowered to expend the sum
of $2000 for the purchase of books for indi
gent children.
That In accordance with a Supreme Court
decision Mrs. Mary Mead Morrissey, of the
evening unasslgned list, be and is hereby as
signed to the prlncipalshlp of the Irving M.
Scott Evening School, at a salary of $75 per
month, vice A. J. Freese, resigned.
CERTIFICATES ARE GRANTED.
On the recommendation of the board of
examination the Board of Education
adopted the following resolutions:
That High School certificates be granted to
the following:
Mies Pauline C. Goetzee on diploma of grad
uation from the University of California, class
of 1906 and recommendation of the faculty
thereof.
Miss Annie Silverberg on the same, class
of 1903.
Miss Caroline I». Paine on diploma of grad
uation from the University of Michigan, class
of 1890, and recommedatlon of the faculty
thereof.
That Grammar School certificates be granted
to the following: .
Hartford M. Stalnaker on State of Oregon
life diploma, dated December 14, 1S08.
Miss Mary E. Cahlll on an Alameda County
Grammar Grade certificate, dated October 25,
1S0O.
Miss Caroline Hortop on diploma of grad
uation from the California State Normal School
(situated in San Francisco), class of 1903.
Miss Idylwylde Marshall on the same (situ
ated in San Jose), class of 1S0S.
That the High School certificate of the fol
lowlns be renewed:
Miss Adeline M. Loehr.
That the Grammar Grade certificates of the
followlnz be renewed:
Miss Lucy Wores, Mrs. Katherlne F. Culle
nan (nee Lawlor), * Mrs. Lillian McKibben
Blake (nee McKibben), Miss Alice L. Marsh,
Miss Beatrice Hawkins, Mrs. Julia S. Mayhew,
Miss Julia F. Sullivan.
That a permanent Grammar School certifi
cate be issued to the following:
Miss Beulah Kozmlnsky.
Thai a special stenography certificate of the
High School grade be Issued to the following:
Miss Dora Kozmlnsky.
That the following be recommended to the
State Board of Education for Grammar School
life diplomas:
Mrs. Alice B. Rowland (nee Bryant), Miss
Mary A. Harvey. "Miss Mary R. Parks.
That the following be recommended to the.
State-' Board of Education for a special music
life dioloma:
Miss Katherlne T. Black.
The Board of Education held a meeting
yesterday afternoon, the first in some
weeks owing to the absence of two of the
School Directors. All the Directors and
Mayor Schmitz were present.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon filed
a report dealing -with the compulsory edu
cation law passed by the last Legislature.
The Superintendent showed that accord-
Ing to the last school ceneus 13,671 chil
dren between the ages of 5 and J7 years
had not attended any school during the
last school year. Of this number it is es
timated that one-half were between the
ages of 8 and 14 years— the age established
by the recent compulsory net.
The total enrollment of school children
for the last year was 52,966, and tha aver- .
age dally attendance was 36,965.
The report classified the children who
must be dealt with under the new law as
children that have no aversion to school
and that work for a living or remain at
home, and truants that roam the streets
and acquire vicious habits.
TO ENBOIiIi TRUANT OFFICERS.
The Superintendent recommended that
the board form a staff of "attendance of
ficers," whose duties will be to Investigate
and report on all truant children and
those that do not attend school. He'pre
sented statistics showing the number of
"attendance officers" in the large Eastern
cities.
The Superintendent then presented the
following recommendations to the board:
That five attendance officers be appointed.
That the city of San Francisco be districted
and an attendance officer be assigned to each
district.
That the work of enforcing: the compulsory
education law be commenced with the coming;
term, the Superintendent of Common Schools
being directed to organize and supervise tho
work of the same.
That a day truant school be established as
a place for the special training of truants and
lnconiglblea between the ages of 8 and 14.
That In such school shall be taught the reg
ular studies laid down for the public schools,
special emphasis, however, being laid upon
manual training, physical training, military
drill and music.
That the Board of Education provide a
teacher of rare personality and teaching ability
to direct the work of such school at commen
surate pay.
That a room or email building with large
and somewhat Isolated yard space be provided
at or near some manual training center for
the purposes of said school.
That the term of such school be that of the
regular schools, and that the dally hours be
from 8:30 a. m. to 4:30 p. m.
That the children committed to the school
by the Superintendent on the consent of the
parent be committed on an indeterminate sen
tence with the privilege of parole and return
to the regular school rooms as soon as they
seem fit.
That this department gather careful truancy
and -non-attendance statistics during the com
ing year, as a basis for the future provision
of euch additional agencies, parental boarding
schools, etc., aa may be necessary for the best
enforcement of the act designed to protect the
educational rights of children.
The board took the recommendations
under advisement.
Guests of Hotel Ashworth
Have Close Call for
Their Lives.
Board of Education Makes
Appointment of
Viola Waters Narrowly
Escapes Being Burned
Superinte ndent Lang
don Files Important
Report.
Members and Friends Will Join Excursion
: to Fairfax Park, Where Various Alluring
Pastimes Will Be Enjoyed by Picnickers
LEAPS FROM
THE FLIES
TO SAFETY
TRUANTS MUST
ATTEND SCHOOL
SAN FRANCISCO MAILERS' UNION
PREPARES FOR ANNUAL OUTING
a HE SAN rBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, « JULY 16, 1903.
MISSING COUPLE'S
WHEREABOUTS IS
STILL UNKNOWN
7
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARS
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your 6tudy.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, •WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ABT SUPPLEMENT.
All drurgists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, EUthart, lad.
There is nothing that will so 6urely nnder
mine the health as sleeplessness. A slight
afiection of the nerves is sufneiect to bnng
abort this distressing condition and unless
treatment is at once bezun it crows worse
rapidly, brincing^ about loss of appetite, in-
digestion, a gradual undermining of nerve-
force and vitality, until finally the victim
suffers from nervous prostration. Dr. Miles'
Nervine quiets the nerves so that sleep may
come and fortifies the nervous system against
'the attacks of any or all ncs>-ous disorders.
T have been troubled greatly wtih sleep-
lessness end nervousness for twenty-fire
vears. I have never taken Dr. Miles' Kenr-
:ae steadily for a lone tixae but it never falls
to help me when I do take it. In addition to
thii I can say that my general health is much
better since tay occasional use of Nemne.
than it was several yew* ago. I have used
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for neuralgia and
nervous headaches and have always
had prompt relief. The headaches usually
occur at intervals in the morning' and
by takis? a Fain PiU when I feel the head-
aches coming on I can prevent the attack
entirely. My husband u also subject to
headaches ajd finds the same relief from the
Anti-Pain PJIs that I do. We are perfectly
willing that yon should use our names be-
cause cf the relief we have found in using
Dr. Mile*' Remedies."— Mas. W. H. Beard*
lev, Moscow, Idaho.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pilla
For Headache.
Through Dr. Miles'
Nervine. I Use
From Nerv ousness
and Insomnia.
AD VEBTISEEEENTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 26th.
THERE. AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 90-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
for Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
V •" \ T7^^/<^ 7^3 Dr.PifTtt't EUctru Tr*t
W?$tt$zF%&>^ U. Beat Retainer on earth
fi>v/;/A**''T aiM5 * tmnuitu Curt tor Rupture
f]./lff?\ World reaowned. STlmprorenTU
l^^rjr A i II ruptur*"*! jiive*U;r»te at one* ,
•^¦^^ Call or writ* lor "Booklet No. L'
MAGXFTIC E. TRUSS CO., 33 West Uth Street. Krw
Vou. ii. T. er 206 To** Street. San Francisco, Cal
AMUSEMENTS.
DeKolta; Bailey and Madison; Hodgea
and Launchmere and the Biogrraph.
> Last times of Charles Dickson and
Company; Mosher, Hough ton and
Mosher; Young and De Voie;
Julian Rose and
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKtnler.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Beats
and Opera Chairs, JOc.
GRAND rftBtt
ONX.Y MATINEE SATITRDAT.
¦"¦-¦ - LAST THREE NIGHTS - •
EAYMOSD ASS CAVESI.T
'¦. '¦'¦ '¦!*¦ And Our Soperb New York Co.
| IN CENTRAL PARK
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
First Time in This City of the Famous Maslcat
f '• C Bcc«ntrlctty,
1 IN WALL STREET 1
Secure Totir Beats Now Me. COe^ Wol
I I V ULI house,
Evsry Night This Week. Saturday Matin**.
I«it Performances of
WANG,
With EDWIN STEVENS la th« Title Hole.
KBXT W Elgin
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
Will Appear Under Special Kns&«*m«nt la
"The Highwayman"
With EDWIN STEVENS as Foxy QnOter.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, SOo and 73a
Telephone Bush 9.
[CALIFORNIA
Last Chaac* to 8«e
NANCE O'NEIL
, To-nlrit
" ELIZABETH/'
FHday, Saturday and Sunday Ml»hts—
•/MACBETH."
Saturday Matinee— "ROMEO AND JU-
LIET."
Next Monday— KEIIjL-MOROSCO COM-
PANY In
INTHE PALACE OFTHE KING
Special Summer Prices — 75c, 6Oc, 23c
Advance Sale Thursday.
CQLUfyJIIdA IHDMQIEA13
•TREMENDOUS, STRONO, CONVINCIXO.'*
—Bulletin.
THIS WEEK ON1.Y, MATINEE SATURDAT.
AMELIA B INCH AM
And Her Company. Presenting
Haddon Chambers' Powerful Drama,
A MODERN_MAGDALEN,
S Amelia Bingham
Presenting Clyde Fitch's
BRILLIANT. BREEZY COMEDY,
"The Frisky Mrs. Johnson."
Seats Now Ready— Matinee* Wed, and flat.
CENTRAL^
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phec* South B3S.
TO-NIGHT— LAST WEWC :
MATINEES SATURDAY AND 8UNDAT. '
The FaYorite Comedian.
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Funniest of All Tare* Comedies,
MULDOON'S PICNIC
Brimful of Amu tin* SpedaJUea!
Bone*. Dance*. Medleys. BarlMqo**!
PUTfFC Bvenln*....: ..^10o ta Ma
rKltti Matinee* IQe. 13* 3So
Monday, July 20— MB. HER8CHSZ* MAY-
ALL In a Grand Spectacular Production of
•TACBT."
The new bin of this week la a eerksr. they say.
With, speclaltle*. dances and new aexun erm-y
day.
If to Fischer** ytru go you are on the ricbt I
track.
For there'* slathers of fan In thftir 4oaM*>
gauge play. ..¦•¦.. J; .iV,-,:V-. V; ,- . : /,
I AND WHAT
I ANOTHER HIT
"UNDER THE RE2> G1X>BB,"
Combined with ¦¦
"THE THREE MTTfl H- W KT B RS, **
A arreat combination of fan.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. Me and
73c. > Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 23c and
60c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 23cl
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In tho Theater.
TO-NIGHT."
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP '•DOWN THE FLUME."
The Wonderful Scenic Waterway.
EI^ECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
BABY TIGERS In tfle ZOO.
and 73c.
SB. ZOnCBTX.
FAREWELL LECTURE— AN EXPLORER'S
ADVENTURES IN THE DARK CONTINENT.
NATIVE SONS' HALL.
THURSDAY. 8 P. M.
Tickets. SOe and SI. Palace newa stand and
J. J. NEWBEGIN. IT Flood hl£g.
PflforA D °N' T ™IL TO
I QlUVV see the beautiful
i COURT Lounging-
H fl/l room, the EMPIRE
ttilil PARLOR, the
> - PALM ROOM, the
dra tin L0UIS xv PAR -
\j 1(1 1111 lor and the LA-
„ . - DIES' WRITING
Hotels * OOM -
"' T?? '™~ 1^^^^
ADVEBTISEMENTO.
Jfl carters'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
little Pills,
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They'
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
COLLARED AND CUFFED
Adequately is the satisfactory state
every man envies. That's the kind
of work we turn out— collars, cuffs,
shirts, etc., to suit the most particu-
lar man in this big town. We are
looking for laundry orders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MABKET STREET,
Near Powell.
<ffo AUTOMOBIIE (fa
ftp AND DRIVING (M
Weye protectorsW
\} 25 cents per pair VJ
Banish 111 Health.
When spots will
rise before your eyes
'tis time to take
Beechams
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c and 25c.
~j? cutleb ' y
.EYEBaaLACOftBBANlB)
I*
AMUBrTftTENTa.
ALCAZAR M r^r
Gen. Msr.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIOHT.
AN ENORMOUS SUCCESS.
WHITE WHITTLESBY
"In a Great Production of Anthony Hope's
THE PRISONER
OF ZENDA...
Evg»..25c to 75c: Mat.Thurs. & Sat., 15c to 60c
NEXT— MR. WHITTLESET In the First San
Francisco Presentation of
Hall Calne's Famous Play.
THE MANXMAN.
Seventh and Market Sts.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EYESTSO,
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Great Zano; Bobinson and Grant;
The Newmans; The 'Burroughs; The
.'Three Kuhns; Kraflt and Daley;
Harry and Carrie La Kola; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night, 25c. 20c. 15c. 10c; MatlSM*.
20c and 10c
• Phone for Beat*— South 1022.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE,
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAT AND FRIDAT, 3:30 P. M.: SAT-
URDAT. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAT.
Advance Sale, S Stockton stChlcaKO 9 18 2
CHICAGO. Julyi 15.— Chicago won easily,
batting Plttlnger hard, stealing bases and
taking advantage of Boston's mlsplays. At
tendance. 1200. Score: - <
R. H. B.
ST. LOUIS. July 15.— A double by Ryan in
the eighth with two men on bases gav» 8t.
Louis two runs which won the frame. Clarence
Currle was batted ~ from the rubber In ' three
and one-half innings. Murphy did much better.
Attendance. 1200. Score:
R. H. E,
St. Louis... 7 "6 4
Philadelphia B t 9 2
Batteries — Currle. Murphy and Ryan; Milch
and Roth. Umplre-^-Moran. ' ; ¦" ¦
NATIONAL LEAGUE
NEW YORK, July 15.— A fair sky and
a splendid racing: breeze of fifteen knots
greeted the two Shamrocks when they left
Sandy Hook early to-day for another trial
off theMlghtship. Sir Thomas Lipton had
hoped to give the boats a race over a
thirty-mile course, but his advisers, in
cluding George Ratsey, his ', sailmaker,
were not satisfied with the set of Sham
rock Ill's mainsail, so that part of the
trial was devoted to jockeying- about the
Erin and about the Scotland lightship to
watch the boat's mainsail.
After that the new Shamrock led the
old Shamrock a reach from the Scotland
to the Sandy Hook lightship and back,
eight miles, and beat her about a minute
and a half. Just before she reached
Scotland lightship returning a masthead
runner block on Shamrock III fell, but
no other damage resulted. A new block
will replace the damage.
To-night the New Tork Yacht Club
gave a dinner to Sir Thomas Lipton ' and
Designer Fife.
Lipton's New Boat Beat Old One One
Minute a Half in Eight
Miles.
SHAMBOOK HI'S MAINSAIL
NOT A SATISFACTORY FIT
SALT LAKE, Utah. July 15.— Jenson. the
Ogden pitcher, lost the game for the Saints
in the first two Innings. He was replaced by
•Father". Tom Kelly, who pitched a good
game to the finish. % Throughout the Angels
played a superior game, and though none of
their runs were earned their JWsldlng was su
perb and their two errors happened at times
when they would be of no help to i the locals
Attendance, 700. I Score :
'*¦-¦-¦- - *¦ ¦ - ¦ • . - - R IT 17*
Loe Angeles 2 GOO00 1 0 • 0 7 2
Salt Lake .00000002 0 2 6 7
Batterle*— Thatchers and II. Hlldebrand-
Jensen, Kelly and Anderson. Umpire— Cog-
Ian. , , ¦ ' . /
TACOMA. Wash.. July 15.— Thoman donated
to-day's game to hl« team mates by a species
of umpiring that wu a> howling farce and In
which St. Vraln.^dld not retaliate. Attend
ance. 1100. _ Score:
---''¦'*¦"*• ' ¦ ' ' ¦" R TT Ti*
Butte. .......700000000-^-7 g i
Tacoma ........ .0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 O— 4 13 2
Batteries— Randelln and Swindells :¦ Loucks
and Byera. Umpire*— St. Vraln and Thomas.
Boston ..........;...... 4 8 3
Batteries— Taylor and Kllng; Plttlnger and
Moran. > -i Umpire — Johnstone.
. PITTSBURO. ' July 15. — One of the hardest
fought . gamee ever • seen . here • resulted In de
feat , for Pittsburgh in tho fourteenth inning
when Doheny weakened and gave three hits
Every* point was worked by both teams and
many brilliant play« were made. Attendance
2000. Score:
•'-• -¦."-: ' .V, • - .-¦; • ... R. H. . E.
Pittsburgh 3 10 1
New York. .............. ....V.... ;6 12 r \ 4
. Batteries — Doheny : and > Smith: ¦- Mathewson
and Bowerm&a. - Umpire — Etnslle. ,
* ' P TT P*
Spokane 0 0 4 0 3 3 0 0 *— 10* 10- 2
Seattle , 0 0 0 6 0 0 10 0—7 8 1
' Batteries— Heisman and Hanson: Hlckey
McCay and Stanley.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Butte . .50 28 .641 San Fran... 41 39 .510
Los Angeles.4S 32 .fiOO Tacoma *. . . .32 46 .412
Bpokane ....45 33 .577 Helena 28 47.376
Seattle 42 36 .538 Salt Lake... 5 9 .337
HELENA, Mont., July 15.— Wlggs was
pounded out of the box In the third Inning
to-day and Third Baseman Howlett took Ms
place, merely filling In. Leltman's work In
the box wa» good, but the support accorded
him was very inferior. Zearfoss lost his tem
per anJ quit the game In the second Inning.
Score:
Snn Francisco ...1 1720503 ft— 19 19 8
Helena 3 10 0 0 0 4 0 0—8 11 4
Batteries — Leltman, Zearfoss and Baerwald;
Wlggs. Howlett and Frary. Umpire — Wacner
SPOKANE, Wash.. July 15.— Spokane bat
ted Hlckey out of the box to-day, securing
nine hits off him In six Innings. Heisman was
batted freely, but kept his hits scattered In all
except one Inning, when six runs were made.
Hlckey was wild, hitting two men and walk-
Ing five. Attendance. S30. Score:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. July 15.— Boston and Cleveland
spilt even In two exciting games. ' Ground
rules limited hits to three bags. In the first
game Boston won when Criger scored with a
drive Into the crowd. Hughes was retired In
the second Inning. The most miserable of play-
Ing contrasted with the most brilliant. Brad
ley led both teams at the bat. Attendance,
11,400. Score:
First game — B. H. E.
Boston 4 8 2
Cleveland 3 11 1
Batteries — Young. Hughes and Criger; Joes
and Bemls.
'<*¦ Second game— R. H. E.
Boston ...2 7 3
Cleveland 4 . 5 3
Batteries — Winter and J. Stahl;' Bernhard
and Bemla.
NEW YORK July IB. — The home team's
fielding was slovenly but considering the sup
port he received Wo'lf pitched well, until he
was relieved by Chesbro In the ninth. The
visitors played all around the home team. At
tendance, 3000. Score: . .
R. H. E.
Detroit 7 15 2
New York 4 9 4
Batteries— Mullln and McQulre; Chesbro,
Wolf and Bevllle. -
Washington. July 15. — The game was an ex
citing one In which Washington excelled In
batting. Washington won in the last Inning
on two treroendoun drives with no one out.
Selbach and Coughlln were put out of the
game for arguing with the umpire. At
tendance, 14,000. Score: . . . -J :
R. H. E.
Washington 2 9 3
Bt. Louis 14 0
Batteries — Patten and Klttredge; Powell and
Kahoe.
PHILADELPHIA. July 15. — Philadelphia
took both (rames today. Bender and Plank
were In perfect form. Patterson and Owen
were hit freely. Attendance. 1400. Score:
First game— R. H. E.
Chicago ". 7 8 3
Philadelphia .....................11 12 4
; Batteries — Patterson and Slattery ; Dender
and Powers. .
Second game — v ' R. H. H
Chicago ..;................ 2 6 1
Philadelphia ....:. 5 9 2
Batteries — Owen, Altrock and ', Slattery;
Plankand Powers. >.". ¦: ¦, ••; ¦"--: t .. ¦¦.¦;.
EASTERN BALL GAMES.
ALAMEDA, July 15.— Reuben G.
Hunt, the crack tennis player of
this city, is adding dally to his
laurels on Eastern courts. SInco
leaving: here the latter part of
last month Hunt, has defeated some of
the champions with such decisiveness that
his work has called forth high praises
from the critics and admirers of the an
cient sport in the States east of the Mis
sissippi. . .
In Chicago the California boy, with the
veteran player, Neeley, defeated Bally and
Lamb, two cracks of the Windy City, In
a doubles tournament held there recently.
(Pacific National League.)
PITCHER WIOGS HIT HABD.
STANDING OF THE CLUB3.
This week the Caiilornian will be seen
In action on the courts at Syracuse, N.
Y. He is entered In all of the principal
tennis tournaments to be played in the
Eastern and Southern States this season.
Hunt's exhibition of skill with the racket
was clean, fast and accurate.
In the sinKles Hunt conquered Garnett.
another Chicago player. In two straight
vames out of three scheduled. In the
finals oi the singles the local champion
defeated E. M. Ashcraft In straight sets.
Ashcraft is regarded as one of the lead
ing tennis men in the West Central
States, but he was unable to make Hunt
extend himself.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Brighton's entries
lor Thursday are:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Eva Rus
sell 108, LoravaJe 103, Interval 104, Aecenelon
113. Red Eanuel 113. Blserta 10S, Pctra II 110,
Midnight Chimes 108, Effle Sheppard 102,
Courtmald 105, Neither One 108, Mary Street
102. Geneseo 108. Virgin Soil 107, Our Nugget
102, Salvatella 97, Anklet 102, Show Girl 97,
Caledonlte 102. Dinksie 102.
Second race, six furlongs, two-year-olds —
Pentaur 112, Prlstlna 99, GoMsplnk 115, Head
Lad 102. Tom Cod 102, Tlthonlc 102, Wotan
115, Grazlallo 112, St. Roma 98, Florizel 109,
Redman 99, The Southerner 102, Jocund 115,
Letola 99. Southampton 102, Knobhampton 112,
Topic 102.
Third race, mile and an Ughth, three-year
olds and up— W. R. Condon 114, Roehampton
119. Circus 111, Proper 107, Oom Paul 103,
Earl of Warwick 99.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Test handicap —
Dublin 130, Old England 124, Unmasked 123,
King Pepper 120, Northern Star 110, Hurst
bourne 115, Lady L'ncas 105, Asterita 110, Bel
lario 103, John A. Scott 96, St. Finnan 100,
Sir Voorhles 100, Tarn O'Shanter 98, Operator
98, Duelist 95, Daly 93.
Fifth race, six furlongs, maiden two-year
olds — Bouvier 109, Falernlan 112, Donnelly 112,
Gendarme 112, Moharlb 112. Overhand 109,
Waterspout 112, Fine Felur 109, Mohave 112,
Bluish 112, Golden Mallow 100, Great Crossing
1C9, Ned Moore 112, Southampton 113, High
wind 112, Turquoise Blue 109, Knowledge 112,
Clear the Arena 109, Pristlna 109, Long Dis
tance 112. \
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Setauket 111, Past 96. Homestead 114, McWlI
liams 108, Orloff 98. Courtenay 101, EllaSnyder
85. Ethics 106, Turnpike 97. Baikal 106, Khital
103, De Kaber DS. Steteller 89, Ithan 100, Da
mon 104.
Weather cloudy; track muddy.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
First race — Virgin Soil, Salva
tella. Petra II. . >-*;
Second race— Jocund, Knobhamp
ton, Letola. -
Third race Roehampton, Oom
Paul, Proper.
Fourth race— Hnntbonrne, Dub
lin. Old England.
Fifth race— Knotrledse, Moharib,
Great CrosRingr.
Sixth race— Ella Snyder, Stroller.
Ethics.
PALO ALTO. July 16.— An unusual
number of handsome homes are being
erected In Palo Alto this summer, besides
many business improvements. The total
value of the contracts for buildings now
under construction is (200,000.
Building Boom in Palo Alto.
TRENTON, July 15. — Chancellor Mace« to
day filed an opinion which will permit the im
tneClats transfer to the Metropolitan Museum
of Art of New York of about $500,000 -worth
of real estate In New York City and Patersoa,
N. J.. that waa left la trust by Jacob Rogers,
the Pateresn millionaire.
First race— Trompease, Instruc
tor, Lanark.
Second race— The Giver, A. D. Gib
¦on, Aholn.
Third race— Requlter, Ort Wells,
Prince SIlrerwIngH.
Fourth race— Gold Bell, Alfred C,
LonlnvlHe.
Fifth race Xltrate, Grand Opera,
Monnlcnr Beaacaire.
Sixth race Boaster, Sfoablna, I5v»
eljn Ilyrd.
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 15. — Washington Park's en
tries for Thursday are:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Klein
wood IIS, Trompeuse H5_ Buccaneer 108, Zar
10.'{. B'.ackwolf 10.1. Gayaso 10-H, Lanark 10:{.
Instructor lCi, Gus Queries 10.1, Sauerkraut
100. My Ester 100.
Second rare, six and a half furlongs — Dr.
Stephens 109, Headwater 104, The Giver 102.
Paul Whaley 101. Federal 101. A. D. Gibson
101 Evening Star 97, Ontonagon 93, Bardolph
93. Ahola SS.
Third race, Hyde Park Stakes, six furlongs —
Lonsdale 126. Ed Tierney 121, Batts 121. Prince
Sllverwlngs 121, Flo Bob 121. English Lad 118,
Boldler ol Fortune IIS, Auditor 118, Sanctum
118. Don Domo 115, Requlter 113, Jason 113.
Copper 113, Duchess OUle 110. (Jason and
Requiter, Middleton entries.)
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
The Kentuckian 109. Gold B-ll 1C7. Carat 100,
Miracle II. 1O4. Alfred C 101, Louisville 101.
Frivol 99, Pirate 97. Captain Arnold 94, Our
Be«sle 94.
Fifth race, one mile — Schwalbe 109. John
Bright 107. Nitrate 107, Grand Opera 103, In
ventor 105, Monsieur Beaucalre 92.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Vulcain 115. Boaster 10S. Frank Mo 104. Lady
Chorister 104, Hot 104, Omdurman 104. Evelyn
Byrd 104, iioablna 102. Bluemlnt 102. C. B.
Campbell 101. Alee 101. Frank M 101, Lou
Woods 99, Lady Matchless 91, Banana Cream
91.
Weather clear; track fast.
WASHIXGTOX PARK SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs, sellirg:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Travers. 102 (L. Wilson) 7 5 1 1 J 4
15 to 1 — Evlj-n. Byrd, 101 (Robbns) ."! 2 2 nk
« to 2— Flaur.1. 100 (Adkins) T, 3 3 nk
Time. 1:14 1-5.' Start irood. Won easily.
Winner. Mr*. M. Geldblatts br. cr. by G. W.
John«or.-Wlnifred. Balm of Gilead loi. Never
Fret 113, Little Duchess II ©0. Zlbla 99, Mayor
Johnson 101. Tros 9S, Sweet Tooth 1C3, Char
lie Thompson 9C also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furloncs. Felling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
20 to 1— Tli«» Forum. 96 <H.Ph11ps> 5 (S 1 n
3 to 2 — Mry M'Caffty, K5 (L.Wlan) 4 2 2 2
12 to 1— Can Carrie, OS (Adklns). 1 13 2
Time, 1:14. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. M. D. Millers b. c. by Tlsei-Roma II.
Lovable y«. Jane Holly 103, Scofh Plaid 109,
FJeurcn 10H. Louis Wagner 103, Miriam W 90,
Charlie Granger 101 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Ml!e and twenty yards,
purse:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Bad News, 97 (B. Davis). t> 1 1 1
6 to 1— Hoodfcink. 102 (J.Booker) 13 2 4
7 to 2— Sdny C.Love. 97 (Hlgesen) G 4 3 H
Time, 1 :40 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, Wood ford & Burkner's br. g. by
Flying Dutchman-Black Sleeves. Talpa 105,
By Ways 89, Piederich 100 also ran.
THIRD RACE — Five furloncs. handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5— Peter Paul, IIS (Dmnlck) 2 2 1 1H
7 to 1— Memories, 103 (B.Davis). 4 4 2 2
6 to 1— Nanie Hodge. 112 (LWlsn) 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:00 3-5. Start bad: • Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. K. Bradley's l>r. z. by Aloha-
Eminence. Shawana 107, Jerry Lynch 100,
Blumenthal 104, Witchcraft 111 also ran.
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
pellinc:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. ' St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Havlland, 104 (H. Phillip?) 3 111
r> to 2— Glassful, 101 (Helgesen). 4 2 2h
5 to 1— Boaster, 102 (J. Booker). 0 5 32
Time. l:4«Vs. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. Cook's br. g. by Lettoon-Anvolee.
Bepple McCarthy 102, Herrnencla JO'l, Prince
Blazes 101 Alma Girl 97 also ran.
CHICAGO, July 15.— Peter Paul, the
game little son of Aloha-Eminence, which
may follow the example of Robert Wad
dell In winning the American Derby,
showed his true class at Washington
Park to-day, when he picked up IIS
pounds and won the third race as he
pleased from an excellent field of two
year-olds. It was the first handicap of
the season for two-year-olds. Peter Paul's
price opened at 3 to 1. but was pounded
down to 8 to 5 when It was announced
that Domlnick would ride him Instead of
Willie Waldo. ¦ Three favorites won dur
ing the afternoon. Summary:
FIRST RACE — One mile, purse:
Betting. Hor>*e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
f> to 2 — Santon. 122 (Helgesen)... 5 1 1 n
7 to 5 — Bchbroom, 107 (L.Wilson) 13 2 0
20 to 1— Slux Chief, 107 (A.Bookr) 4 6 3 1^
Time, 1 :4rt. Start gcod. Won driving.
Winner, Middleton & Jungbluth't. b. c. by
Goiden Garter-Santa Rita. Rossmrnd 112.
Semper Vivum 107. Beautiful and Best 112
alsj'ran.
Special DUpatch to Tfce Call
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
FT. Lot IS. Ju!r 15.— The entries for Thurs
day ere:
Fim race, six furlongs, selling — Lady IdrU
P7. Rowdy O 102, Thoth 97. Mis* Guido 102.
Submarine 102, Robert Jr. 104. Ventoro 104.
Aline S 102. E!!ia Cook 100. Dr. Burns 102,
Quicksilver Sue 35. Margie S 10O.
Second race, mile and a quarter, selling —
Burlap 90. Pamplona 85. Varaer 100. Terra
Incognita 100. Gin Spray 100. Dawson lOrt. Kllza
Dillon 08. P»t«r Duryea 103. General Dlx 90,
Hanan K>n. Pathos t)3. Baronet 90, Lasso lO.'J
l'hil Archibald 103.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Bendara fl7.
F>!ton 104, Called Back «5. Dr. Clark 10J.
Northern Spy 107. Also Ran II 104. "West Baden
104. Approved^ 102, Lord Neville 107, Tennv
Belle 102. Burgerlne 104. Kitty G 102.
.Fourth race, mile and 70 yards. Midsummer
Ptak«* — Evea G 103. H«len Print 100, Edgardo
J03, Jordan 1», Jack Young 102, Orpheum 109
Plr&tcer 90.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Hugh Mc-
Gr.wsn 97, Pinky B W). Town Moor 98. Imboden
If*. Atlas 35, Check Morgan 5>S, Pcrla 92, Kilo
J«.n.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Handspirmer 8S. Light Opera 98, M!i-b Mae Day
103. Judre Cantrtll 101. De Reszke 107.
Weather clear; track feet.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
(By th« New York Telegraph.)
First rtice — Lady Idri*. Mi«»
Guido. Solinisrlne.
Second race— Lbmo. I'aJhon, Gin
5pra>-.
Third nee— Dr. Clark, Northern
Sn>-. Kiitr c
Konrih race— Orpbenm, Jordan.
Helen Print.
Fifth race Kilo. Perla, Town
Moor.
Sixth race — Miss Slae Day, Hand*
¦pinner, De Resxke.
Bowermas Fined for Rowdyism.
NE^YOBK. July 15.— President Pul-
Uam of the National Baseball League an
nounced to-day that he had fined Catcher
Bowennan of the New York team $100 for
Ftriking Fielder Clarka of the Pittsbure
team during the last visit of the latter
team to this city. The fine must be paid
within five days.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards;
Felling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — Brown Vail. 100 < Wolff).. «S 2 1 nk
7 to 1— Henry of Fracstamar, 102
(Shilling) 7-7 2 3
3 to 1— Tloga. Ui (Brio well) 8 13 1
T!m». 1 :U\. Start good. Won driving.
Winner Mrs. L Booker** br. m. by Chatham-
Blue Vail. Kittle Clyde 104. Eugenia S 102.
Lunar 1C5, Txckful 102. Venus Vlctrlx 102. aleo
ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Olonetz 100 fOtlf) (J 3 1%
12 to 1— Dr. Kcmmerer. 100 (Hlg
gin*) 1 4 2H
2 to 1— Aiflo. 1C9 .BridweM) 4 132
Time. 1:1CV Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. J. Donohue's ch. c. by Invernes*-
Omcso. Carley's I>ream ICO, Deer'llunter 100,
Hen Lear 101. Nathan Woodcock 100, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and three-sixteenths
miles: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Ft.
B to 2 — Jot-le F. OS <Br!dwell> 2 2 lh
» to 10— Eda Riley. 102 < Wolff) 112 4
It to 1— Landoia.. HO (Daurtin) 5 3 3 15
Time. 2:03. Start good. Wen driving. Wln
rer. C. M. Bmitw*' b. t. by St. Florlan-Don
r.le M. Jean Beckham 90. The Way 106, Vlrgie
d'Or OS. a!so ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile end twenty yards;
gelling:
BetUBC Iiorse, Weight. Jockey. St. =i Fia.
". to 2— Tony L^pptng. -W7 fFhea*.. 5 1 12
2.'. to 1— King* Pet. 102 <Plnclair>. 3 5 2 1
7 to 1— Mlss< Eon. 90 (Higgins)... 4 4 3 4
Time, llt£%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. O'Neal's ch. c. by Dunatello-
Epiral. Ch'.ckafha &0. Helen Hay t'5, Proff«
*or Neville lift. Lynch 100, Belle Simpson 100.
Fyyton 100, Norwood Belle 95, Class Leader 82.
Hcward P S2. also ran.
PECONn RACE — Five furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
j to 1— Ocyrohe. 1C9 < Watson) 2 3 1 H
7 to 2— Quaker Girl, 104 (Daustln) S 2 1M
12 to 1— Bird Pond. 100 (Higglns) . . i 1 3 >j
Time. 1 ;<>".»*• Start good. Won driving.
Winner W. T. Price's .b. c. by Dr. MacBride-
OryrettT^Mendon 103. Dr. Cartledge 107, Lila
Not-! luu. Rhyme and R«ason HnS, Glenesner a.S,
Yer.nTu 100. Thalee 93. Comora 85. Bribe 03,
e:*o ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ST. LOUIS, July 15.— Although to-day's
card was made up entirely of selling races
Jive of the events supplied close finishes,
and some excellent sport was enjoyed.
Tony Lepping, the only favorite to re
ward backers, won his race easily. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
B<tt!n«. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. s * F!n.
12 to 1 — Jean Gravier. 05 (Wolff).. 2 & 1 n
j ( , t0 j_La Cache, »5 (Howell) 6 12 1
5 to 1 — De Facto. 4*5 (Daustln)... 5 2 3 2
Time l:lrt»i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. McDowell's t'.k. c. by George Kin
nn-Hilda III. Burlap »5, Goudy 95. liud
wctscr «5, Anzeiger 1C1». Novelist UK5, Doc
liaycr 95. King Rose 113, also ran.
Time 1:4!> 1-5. Start fair. Won eairtly.
Winner J. Fleieehmann's br. c. by Maxlmo-
Ira. Wyefield 108. Semper Vlvax 1C8, Senti
nel 108. Cocagne 111. Senlac 111, Pennyweight
111 also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and a sixteenth; maid
en 3-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
4 to 5 — Irascible. Ill (Odom) 1 112
15 to 1— Hyland, 111 (Lewis) 8 8 2 2
3 to 1— Polite. 10S (Gannon) 4 5 3 »;.
FIFTH RACE — Mile and an eighth; 3-year
olds and up; selllnz:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
5 to 1— A Williams, 110 (Odom).. 7 3 11
4 to 1 — Black Husr, 100 (Mchels).2 2 2 3
0 to 5— Sambo, 111 (Haack) 1 B 3 2
¦Time 1:53. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner A. Shield's br. h. by Klngstock-Carmen
cita. Lord Advocate 102, Ethics 107, Arden
108, Watertower 110 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; 2-year-olda;
Atlantic selllnc stakes:
B»ttinp. Horse. Weight. Jocke.y. St. %. Fin.
1 to 2— Nameoke, 1C2 (Gannon)... 1 2 11
8 to 1— B Murphy, 105 (.O'Neil). , .2 123
10 to 1 — Midshipman, 104 (Hicks).. 3 4 3n
Time 1 :15. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner J?. Farrell's b. c. by Bassetlaw-Ruralla.
Excentral 8», Du*Uy 89, Revelation t'J, Dr.
Chapin 117 also ran.
Time 1:13 4-j. Start good. Won driving.
Winner Alex Shield's b. g. by Henry Young-
Volandera. Shotgun 124, Rosetint 117, Wealth
10«, St. Finnan 112, Illyrla 100, Slidell 107
also ran.
THIRDRACE — Six furlongs; handicap, all
ares:
Hettlnfr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 to 1— Tk Henry. 124 (Odom) 6 3 1 >i
0 to 1 — Fly liuttrss, 102 (Gennon).S 6 2 2
20 to 1 — Demurrer. 121 (RedXern)..! 1 3 h
SECOND RACE — About 2 miles; handicap;
st eeplf chase:
Bettliwr. Horse. V.'eight. Jockey. St. »;. Fin.
4 to 1— Valdez. 147 (Ray) 4 112
B to 6 — Fx Hunter, 14S (Green)... 8 2 2 5
C to 1— Woolgathr, 150 (Gallgtir). .9 8 3 3
Time 4:31. Start fair. Won- driving. Win
ner J. E. Widener's b. h by Wad'sworth-Fred
erica. Ohnet 154, Bob Alone 140, Memorlst
142, Mystic Shriner 153, Sir Elleralie 135. Kufa
142, Howard Gratz 140, John Ruskin 135, Rose
of Shannon 140 also ran.
Time 1:49. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner-John Baker's b. g. bj' Domino-Royal Gem.
Spring Tilk 101. Blue Victor 108. Royal Pirate
94. L.ady Knighthood 65. Earl of Norfolk 86,
Ru?sell I-ythe 09, Sentry 110. Semlnole 1O.'J,
Miss Lobsttr 100. Hearthstall 101. M. Rich
ardson 111, Duncannon 106. L<azara 100. Alalke
l".t alxo ran.
In the steeplechase Davey, the rider of
Howard Gratz, which fell, was hurt. and
removed to the hospital. H. S. Wilson,
another rider, suffered a broken collar
bone. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; 3-year
olds and up: celling::
Bmlnp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
12 to 1— The Regent. 103 <McCafiy).2 111
10 to 1 — Albany Girl. S« (Keamer).l 3 2 H
12 101— M. Worth IOC (Cochran)..C 2 3 h
It is a matter of comment that good
odds are laid against nearly all of Odom's
winning mounts. He is regarded as the
best all around rider on the turf at the
present time. "With Young Henry he espe
cially earned the plaudits of the crowd,
for he never sat still on that horse and
was hard at work from start to finish.
The pacemaker, Demurrer, and Shotgun
both tired near the finish, and Young
Henry, a game horse, thus won. Flying
Buttress came from very far back and
was second.
NE7W YORK, July 15.— Jockey Odom won
with, all three of his mounts at Brighton
Beach to-day. He rode Young Henry at
7 to 1, Andy Williams at 5 to 1 and Iria
cible at 4 to 6. He was too sensible to ac
cept a mount In tho first raco on account
of the large field of bad horses. Of
course, he did not ride in the stceplechaso
and the weights were too light for him
in the only stake of the day, the Atlantic
Selling Allowances.
Special Dliipatch to The Call,
Concedes Lumps of Weight
tD a Bunch of Clever
Two-Year-Old3.
Howard Gratz Falls and His
Rider Is Sent to a
Hospital.
Tony Lepping the One First
Choice to Reward
Backers.
Close Finishes in Five
of the Events at
Delmar.
Two Jockeys Receive
Injuries at Brighton
Little Son of Aloha
Gives Taste of
His ClasB.
SINGLE FAVORITE
EARNS BRACKETS
RANOICAP GOES
TO PETER PAUL
ACCIDENTS MAR
A STEEPLECHASE
CRACK TENNIS PLAYER ADDING
TO HIS LAURELS IN THE EAST
WOLFE REGAINS
LOST LAURELS
UNCLE'S TALENT
IS VICTORIOUS
Reuben G. Hunt Wins From Champions
With Such Decisiveness as to Call Forth
the Highest Laudations From the Critics
Outpoints Old Oppon
ent, Billy McDonald,
in Fast Bout. .
Displays a Remarkable
Faculty for Making
Runs.
Sudden Burst of Speed by
Senators Arrives Too
" Late.
Lew Powell Easily Dispose
of Jim Kane in the
Second Round.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(PaciSc Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. 60 33 .«*a Oakland ....43 60 .417
Sacramento R5 40 .075, Seattle 33 M -333
San Fran...5U 42 .571 .Portland ...33 64.330
LOXDOX, July 15. — Embaasador Cheat* and
Thomas Humphrey Ward travelled the busts at
Emerson and Martlneau at the Passmore Ed
wards settlement this afternoon.
Teddy Wolfe, the hard-hitting welter
weight of the Ariel Rowing Club, re
gained his lost laurels by defeating his
former conqueror, "Bough House" Billy
McDonald. In a furious four-round go at
Mechanics', Pavilion annex last night. The
men furnished the main attraction of the
Bay City Club's amateur exhibition. The
event was the best that has been pulled
off in this city for many moons. The
house was packed to the doors and the
crowd waa on its toes from the time. th»
first bout began till the last was ended.
The Wolfe-McDonald mill attracted a
deal of attention, for the men are consid
ered the fastest amateurs In their class.
McDonald knocked Wolfe out at their last
meeting, and consequently some feeling
existed between them, and !t is safe to
say that last night's close bout did not
settle their differences. In the first round
McDonald started to do his Tushing tac
tics and he bustled his opponent around
the 'ring in a lively manner. It looked aa
if he would win If he could keep up this
pace, but in the next round Wolfe came
up strong and began to go the pace at A
swift gait.
The crowd yelled vigorously aa tlvo men
separated in this round in a whirlwind of
blows. In the third It waa much the
same, except that McDonald came up a
trifle stronger and made a fast finish. Th«
fourth was a yarrtcane, with Wolfe doing
all the leading and landing the hardest
blows. He was awarded the decision
amid the mixed cheers and hoots of the
crowd. Many thought McDonald had the
better of the go.
Lew Powell, .the clever bantam, had lit
tle difficulty in disposing of Jim Kane in
two rounds. Both boys were In fine form
and fought every- minute of the time.
Powell clearly outclassed his man and
scored the knockout by landing two
heavy wallops on Kane's Jaw Just aa the
second round was about to close.
Gus Koster, the veteran heavy-weight,
had hi3 bands full for three rounds with
a newcomer named Jim Fox. Fox sur
prised alljthe spectators by starting right
at Koster at the beginning of the bout.
The first two rounds were all his and ha
had his opponent In distress. In the third
he began to weaken, and Roster's expe
rience stood by him. He worked hla man
Into the corners and landed many body
punches* that weakened Fox. In the
fourth Fox was tired and almost In, bnt
he gamely stuck it out. The decision waa
awarded to Koster.
Al Elklns and Billy Howard furnished
four rounds of good, clean, fast fighting.
Elklns kept boring In on his man from.
the start, but the latter was game and
came back for more to the very last. On
several occasions he was almost finished,
but Elklns never could get in the final
blow, so he had to be satisfied with the
decision.
In the second round of their set-to Jack
Hughe» stopped Charley Taylor with a
fierce punch on the Jaw. Taylor put up a
fast fight while he lasted, but Hushes
was too good a ring general and finally
wore his man down.
In the opening bout of the evening Jim
my LJneger^got the decision over Jimmy
Dempsey after four rounds of one-sided
fighting. In which plenty of blood was
spilled. Milton Hayes refereed the goes.
long to be overcome. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 00001 000 4—5 * 3
Los Angeles... 22000010 1—6 13 0
Batteries — Drohan and Boetttger; Corbett and
Spies.
PORTLAND, Ore.. July 15. — In a featureless
game today Oakland won from Portland by
a score of 4 to 3. Oakland was blanked
for six innings, but tied the score in tha
eighth, scoring the wining run in their half of
the ninth on a two-base hit by Murdock and
an error. Attendance. 2000. Scoro:
R. H. B.
Oakland ...... OOOOOO21 1 — 4 T «
Portland .....00100200 0 — 3 10 4
Batteries — Butler and Shea; Lee and Gorton.
Umpire — L«vy.
The change that came over the home
team in the little set-to at the Eighth
street lot yesterday afternoon was pleas
ant to behold. At least it was pleasant
to all save Mike Fisher and his men.
They were the sufferers and they suf
fered badly, for the natives had the goods
on them from the call of time and the
finish was 9 to 4.
Those tossers in the employ of your
Uncle looked like a different bunch from
the ones that suffered a shutout at the
hands of the Senators on Tuesday. They
were lively on the bags, strong with the
wood and could field anything that hap
.pened to skip over the green diamond.
They won all the way and only gave the
Senators one chance. They started In
during the first round to beat a tattoo
against the leather which the accommo
dating Mr. Fitzgerald was kind enough
to pass out. Three solid bingles, of the
old-time order, did the run getting act
and when the dust of the inning had
faded away the locals had about as many
as three on the boards.
Nor did they stop even there; they
landed' again in the third, fifth and
seventh, one at a time. Then the Sena
tors got started in the eighth and threat
ened to create a deadlock. But when
they had finished and made four the lo
cals started out again and eased three
more runs over the plate In their half of
the eighth, so it was really and truly all
over then.
'Twas a brave rally that Mike Fisher's
warriors started in that eighth spasm.
First they loaded the bags with runners.
Then Charley Graham came through
with a large and Juicy two-cushion swipe
that scored two.
The excitement began to run high.
Only one was out, so Hogan was sent in
to bat for Fitzgerald. But "Hogey" only
had a' foul that Pabst cornered and it
looked bad. Casey was right there with
a single past third and the last two regis
tered.
It was unlucky (or Mike that he took
Fitzgerald out of the box, for his suc
cessor, Keefe, was a pie for the locals.
They immediately started in to go a few
with the club and walloped tho ball all
over the lot in the eighth and brought
in three runs, which put an end to any
further action and settled the result of
the conflict for keeps. The score:
San Francisco— 1 Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.ss.. 2 3 0 1 2'Cn*»y.2b. 5 0 4 3 2
Meany.rf 5 0 1 3 1 Hlldbd.lf 4 0 2 4 0
Irwln.3b.. 4 2 2 2 3 McLgn.rf 8 0 12 0
L?ahy.c. 3 2 0 4 S'Esan.ss?. 4 0 0 11
Pab»t.lb. 4 1 3 12 0.Townd.lb ft 1 1 8' 0
Lynch.lf. 4 111 0 Shehn,3b. 3 10 2 4
Krug.cr.. 4 0 12 0 Doyle.cf . 4 10 2 0
Delms,2b 4 0 12 2Graham.c 4 12 2 2
Herr.p... 4 0 0 0 4JFItzged.p 3 0 0 0 2
•Hogan.. 10 0 0 0
[Keefe.p.. 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 0 9 27 16* Totals 3S 4 10 24 11
•Hogan batted for Fitzgerald in the eighth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco. ..30101013 x 0
Base hits 30100104 x— 9
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 4
Base hits 10210038 0—10
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Shay <3). Lynch. Hits — Off
Fitzgerald. 5: oft Keefe. 4. Errors — Shay (2).
Sheehan (2). Herr, Egan, Doyle. Two-base hits
— Irwin, Pabst (2). Graham. Sacrifice hit —
Hlldebrand. First base on error* — San Fran
cisco, 2; Sacramento, 3. First base on called
balls — Off Herr, 3; off Flt«rerald. 2; off Keefe,
1. Lert on bases — San Francisco, 3: Sacra
mento, 10. Struck out — By Herr, 4; by Flta
gerald. 1; by Keefe, 1. Hit by pitcher— Shay,
by Fitzgerald. Wild pitches— Fitzgerald. Keefe.
Time of game — lh. 50m. I'm pi re — O'Connell.
SEATTLE RALLIES TOO LATE.
Angels Take Big Lead and Are Not
Headed.
SEATTLE,- Wash., July 15.— Th* Los
Angeles team went to pieces In the ninth, al
lowing the locals to score four runs on two
hits, but the lead of Los Angeles was too
JOCKEY ODOM ACCEPTS THREE MOUNTS AT BRIGHTON BEACH AND WINS WITH THEM ALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1903.
CRACK TENNIS PLAYER OF AL.AMEDA WHO IS DAILY ADDING TO
HIS LAURELS IN THE EAST, HAVING .RECENTLY BEATEN SOME
OF THB CHAMPIONS DECISIVELY.
PARIS. July 16. — James H. Bowen of Chi
cago has resigned tne position of ¦ Deputy
United State* Consul bere In consequence of
c.intiniiprt Ill-health. />-
8
ADVXBTI3E1TENTS.
"DO YOU KNOW
The weak' man does not live who cannot be made
stronger and healthier by wearing my Electric
Belt? None of us are
/OsJ^CY^ perfect, and anything; that
we can *°' add more to
//^LT'/SN, sucn vitality as we possess
/ / ¦ "T^Sf \ wiil make^ us better. It Is
if *jf'~\ * * ><> " i *"\ \ hard for a weak person to
A- _. . . yhave noble sentiments;
'\[\\* , yf — sucn things are born of
\ uti •! I warm blood, healthy nerves
and a strong: heart.
Dr. (VicLaughfiiTs Electric Belt
Makes men strong: it causes the nervet to tingle with the joyful exhila-
ration of youth; it fills the h«art with a feeling of gladness, make* every-
thing look bright and makes the nerves like bars of steeL
BE CURED NOW;
Be true to nature, be true to yourself and your friends. Regain your
health. Give the color of vi*or to your cheeks, the soarkle to your
eye. What use has the world for a man who has not the courage to
face the battles of life? Such courage comes from a system greatly en-
dowed with the vital force of Electricity. Regain your manhood for
good by using this wonderful Electric Belt.
Tour Belt has cured roe of Lumbago, and I feel like a new man. - 'i ¦•';
O. B. VE6TAL. Boonrnia, Cal.
f^-EPfr y*f^ U/"V/"*\IV r * w . a ? 4 every person who is weak.
§-"* w%! ¦" * a* T»\ ft W t\. debilitated or in pain from any
* AVJL-,k_-< L/WIV cause to call and let me rive them
a free test. If you cannot call, send for my new 8o-page bopk. beautifully
illustrated, telling about my Belt. I send it closely sealed free on Tequest
Dp. M. C. McLau4hIin,S,^«« e^;:
Office Hours— A a. m. to S p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1.
A Tt VTR-R/rTM V. M HNTff,
\ fmlfcVi e22B^^ iBmW3fe Kn*tt IB whkJiV B^iA. I III S St. "* mm jtj **i vjl jjf 3 H Pm
'^^^^ Tk e best known and most popular blood purifier
itaTgSS^g! and tonic on the market to-day 13 S. S. S.
/ — There is hardly a man, woman or child in America who
has not heard of **S. S. S. for tho blood." It is a standard remedy,
a specific for all blood troubles and unequalled as a general tonic and
appetizer, j S. S. S. Is guaranteed purely vegetable, the herbs and roots
of which it is composed are selected for their alterative and tonic prop-
erties, making it the ideal remedy for
all blood and skin diseases, as it not fbom
only purifies, enriches and invigor- CorroBESSKAlT :uviK"GSTO2r, -|
ates the blood, but at the same time OF OEOBQIA.
tones up the tired nerves and gives - £ \ n ? w °* tho sn00^?*£? 1 *hi? >L2£
strength and vigor to the entire 6£ft&3?Si c tB?™k& '^
system. v
For Chronic Sores and Ulcers, FROM
Catarrh, Rheumatism, Blood Poison, EX-GOV. A'LLES D. CANDLES.
Malaria, Anaemia, Scrofula, Eczema. °- S. B. is unquestionably a eood
Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Tetter, Acne 5i?? 1 1 JSS?** r ' aad ** tonl0 X
and such other diseases as are due to a
polluted or impoverished condition of the blood, nothing acts so promptly
and effectually as S. S. S. It counteracts and eradicates the germs
and poisons ; cleanses the system of all unhealthy accumulations and
soon restores the patient to health^ Write us and our physicians will
give your case prompt attention without charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA»
HOTEL DEL MONTE DIRECTORY
_ ANNOUNCES OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
F^ CD F^ TT Catalogue and Prico Lists Mailed
POLO AND RACES— August 1 to 8, under CD Application.
the auspices • of the Pacific Coast Polo and ~ " — *
Pony Racing Association. R. M. Tobin Secre- rEXSK XSCO EAZ.T 3ffEJtTS.
sa-'ssajra^ass! 1 - "•» »¦ jas. boyes & co. arwarjg
AUTOMOBILE RUN— August « to 1L from " ! OllJt "
San Francisco. Including meet at Del Monte
under the auspices of the Automobile Club of LUBRICATINQ OILS. LEONARD * ELJJgk
California, F. A. Hyde President. Entries to * 18 *"*° nt •*•• *•• '• Phan* Main 171a.
151 Crocker Building. San Francisco. — , .„ .~~~ ¦
. PSumKGK
GOLF TOURNAMENT— August 24 to SI. FT H?IfiHF\ PRINTER.
under auspices of the Pacific Coast Golf Asao- *«».V. UUUIIEJ, su Sanaoia* nt. a r.
elation, R. Oilman Brown Secretary. .Entries ¦ ' «
to 310 Pino street. San Francisco.
j^g^s^FsttJ^^^ We^ k Men a nd Women
CHOULD CSC DAMUKA BITTERS. THB
DEL MONTE CUPS— Amateur Tournament. Ooreat Mexican Remedy: gives health «ad
Ladles' Tournament. J strength to inual orrwu. Depot. 323 Market.
• - .Th£ ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Alfred Brunk, pastor of the Chris
tian Church of Butte City, who is a
brother of the bride.
. bride's parents,' Mr. and Mrs.
Amon Brunk, of 1516 Rose street. It was
entirely a home affair and attended by
only the immediate friends of the bride
and groom. In honor of the occasion the
house was beautifully decorated with
flowers and ferns.
fT^v ' - ERKKLEY, ;. July 15.— Miss Mat-
I /* tie M. Brunk and Charles M.
I jj\ Staats were married at noon on
'* S* Sunday last at the home of the
Miss Mattie M. Brunk and Charles M. Staats Are United
in. Marriage at Home of the Young Lady's Parents, Rev;
Alfred Brunk of Christian Church Performing Ceremony
HAPPY COUPLE JOINED IN WEDLOCK,
BROTHER OF THE BRIDE OFFICIATING
WATSON VILLE, r July 15.^-Cy Johnson,'
i rsaloon-keeper of this , city, committed
suicide at his", home this morning hy tak
ing carbolic acid.' Financial difficulties
ire ascribed as the. cause.
Saloon-Keeper Commits Suicide.
WOODLAND, July 15.— The directors of
the Fortieth Agricultural District . have
abandoned the idea of holding a district
fair this year. The committee failed to
procure subscriptions to "make good the
State appropriation : vetoed by, the Gov
ernor. ,
Abandon Idea of Holding a Fair.
PHOENIX. A. T., July 15.-Unusually
heavy rain visited this valley for two
hours this afternoon. Five miles north
west it is said the precipitation was nearly
two inches. *In Cave Creek there were
two distinct floods which reached the val
ley north of Glendale. They Bwept across
the Arizona irrigating canal, tearing
away an . embankment and still farther
south in places broke across the Maricopa
canal and Salt River Valley canal. Glen
dale was flooded for a . time and some
grain destroyed. >« -While f the rain ia de
structive to grain crops just now, it is
a good thing for "stockmen, as certain
ranges were' getting dry.
Several Streams Overflow Their
Banks and Considerable Grow
ing Grain Is Destroyed.
UNUSUALLY HEAVY RAIN
DOES DAMAGE IN ARIZONA
"LAPPONI."
"MAZZONI."
JJOME, July 16, io a. m.
**• —The 'following med
ical bulletin has just been
issued : *
"The night was little tran
quil and sleepless. The gen
eral condition of his Holi
ness presents no other modi
fication, except greater^ fre
quency of jDreathing, due to
an augmentation of the
pleuric fluid. Pulse 88;
temperature 36.3 centi
grade ; respiration 36. \
Latest Report
From Bedside
of the Pope
NEW YORK, July 15.— George S. Davis,
shortstop of- the: American League Base
ball Club ' of . Chicago, was served .to-day
with a temporary injunction restraining
him from playing with any . other club
until October 1. The writ was 'granted
on the ground that the Chicago club holds
a. written contract with Davis for his ser
vices during the season of 1902-3.
Chicago Shortstop Enjoined.
Alexander McKinnion. a boilermaker,
residing at 56 Hardy street, severed his
windpipe with a knife , yesterday after
noon at his residence during an attack of
delirium. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital, where Dr. . McElroy
dressed his wound. His recovery Is doubt,
ful owing to the great loss of blood be
sustained. In slashing his neck he missed
the Jugular vein by the merest , margin
possible. . . ¦ -. i - •
Boilermaker Cuts His Throat.
T. C. West, attorney for W. H. Dlllard,
the former clerk in the United States in
ternal revenue office, who was Indicted
for forging Chinese certificates of resi
dence, notified the United States District
Attorney yesterday that on Saturday of
this week he would .apply, to United States
District Ju&ge Beatty for an order com
pelling the District Attorney to allow
West to inspect certain records of the
internal revenue office to be used as evi
dence in the trial. ''
Dillard Wants Records.
The minimum rainfall at which trees
will grow rs twenty Inches.
MRS. HUGHES FAILS TO
IDENTIFY ZIMMERMAN
Husband of Assaulted Woman
• Claims Prisoner Is Man Who
Called on Mrs. Rubenstein.
Mrsi Bridget Hughes, the woman who
was brutally assaulted and robbed, by
thugs. at her home at 314 Gough. street
last Thursday afternoon, was taken last
night to see Fred Zimmerman, who was
arrested on suspicion of being her assail
ant, but she failed to Identify him.
Mrs. Hugheg was accompanied by. her
husband, who Immediately Identified
Zimmerman as the man' who had made
frequent calls on Mrs. Rubenstein.
Bunko Men Are Arrested.
Ed Price and Nels Johnson." two well
known bunko men, were ; ." arrested I last
Tiight at the ocean beach by -Officer Greg
gains of the mounted police for. bunkoing
R.* J. Love, a young' student of the'Uni
versity, of Tennessee, who is visItingCal
lfornla for his health. Price and i John
son, by means of the old . lock game,
swindled Love out of $40. but gave . him
back $20 when he . threatened .them jWith
arrest.. . ' <' r \ •¦ •¦ ¦ ',.-¦-¦¦¦¦¦
St. Isabel Society Elects Officers.
SACRAMENTO. July 13.-The following
vcre to-day elected grand officers of the
St. Isabel Society in session in this city:
Orand president, Mrs. M. C. Enos of San
l>»andro: vice president, ;.rs. Maria Glo
ria of Oakland; secretary, Mrs. P. Frei
tas of West Oakland; treasurer, Mrs.
Rita Rogers cf San Leandro; master of
ceremonies, Mrs. Amalio Azavedo of Sac
ramento; marshal. Mrs. Maria C. Tav
ares; guard. Rosalinde Qaarcsma.
On her return Monday from a 'visit in
San Francisco Mrs. Wanzer found a note
In her rooms. It was. from her husband,
who announced that business forced him
to depart for Australia. With his disap
pearance, however, Mrs. Wanzer discov
ered that her wedding dress, diamonds
and other Jewelry had taken wings.
Since Monday the deserted bride has
heard not -a word from her missing
epousc. After consulting with friends the
distracted wife gave the matter into the
hands of the police.
The Wanzers were wedded in Los An
geles, the former home of the bride. She
met her husband while he was a travel
ing salesman for a pure food company.
At the end of two or, three months their
acquaintance ended In marriage.
Harry Brown, a dairyman af Fifty
ninth and Adeline streets, has disap
peared, under circumstances which lead
C. Gargardennec, his nephew,; to believe
the missing man is demented. Two weeks
ago Mrs. Brown left her husband because
of a quarrel. He was suffering from hal
lucinations, fearing that enemies were
about to attack him. To-day the nephew
told the police that his uncle had not been
seen at his home since Sunday.
Robbed and abandoned by her husband
thirty days after her marriage was the
experience of Mrs. TV. H. Wanzer, resid
ing at 657 Twenty-first street, as she re
lated her story of unhappiness to-day to
Chief of Police Hodgklns.
Oakland "Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 15.
SACRAMENTO, July 15.— In an opinion
rendered to Governor Pardee, Attorney
Oeneral Webb holds that the number of
rptaries public which the Governor may
eppoi.it fpr the city and county of San
Francisco thail not exceed seventy.
In another opinion the Attorney General
holds that the Governor cannot legally
appoint a Senator or Assemblyman of the
last Legislature as an additional notary
jjubllc cf San Francisco, authorized by
act of March 20. 1&J3.
KO NOTARIAL OFFICES
FOR STATE LAWMAKERS
Attorney General Holds That Mem
bers cf Last Legislature Are Not
Eligible for Appointment.
Young Wif6 Says Spouse
Has Abandoned and
Robbed Her.
F. S. Mitchell, a bookkeeper employed
by Eppinger & Co. and who is now em
ployed by Received Wadaworth to
straighten out affairs, was called as a
witness. He was questioned "closely but
could not throw any light on. the investi
gation. He said he knew nothing of the
affairs of the Pacific" Coast Warehouse
Company, as all his dealings were with
the grain firm.
Strong testimony was given against the
Epplngers by W. W. Topping, bookkeeper
for the warehouse company.; The witness
talked more freely than he dfu when be
fore the body a week ago. His evidence
was very damaging to the firm. '.
Emlle Besson and Calvin ; N. . Langton,
messengers employed by Eppinger & Co.,
were also called as witnesses. They were
unable to enlighten the Grand Jury. They
simply told how they ; had taken "ware
house receipts to the , banks and had
brought back 'the' money to .their em
ployers.
There seems to be a strong probability
that Herman and Jacob Eppinger, mem
bers of the ruined grain firm of Eppinger
& Co., will be Indicted by the Grand Jury
on next Friday. The members of that
body held a session last night and dis
cussed the matter at great length. No
vote was taken, but there was unanimity,
of opinion that the two brothers- had been
guilty of fraud and should stand trial.
Eernard Ettlinger, the third member of
the firm, will likely escape prosecution,
as the Grand Jury has. little or no evi
dence against him.
The Grand Jury was in session until
midnight last evening. A number of wit
nesses were examined, and District Attor
ney Byington was present to give the
members his legal advice and assistance.
When Foreman W. J. Bryan called the
body to order there were present J. Wil
liam Goetze, John F. Merrill, Alphonse
Hlrsch, Charles Fisher, James B. Smith,
Frank B. Peterson, Samuel Pollack, E.
J. Gallagher, Joseph Lawless, Adolph
Unger, Wesley Heldt ana James W.
Rellly.
A. G. Platt and James L. Fields, the
experts employed by the receiver and
creditors to examine the books of the cor
poration, were brought before the Grand
Jury and submitted a list of figures which
proved that the ruined firm was guUty of
wrongdoing. The experts informed the
members that they had not completed
their work, but were In a position to tes-'
t!fy that the books were 'in 'a deplorable
state. •;:-"- ; r : -V' y.^v' : '*. r'V* " ?--'
State Board of Examiners Will Pur
chase S4S0.000 Worth of Los
Angeles Securities.
SACRAMENTO. July 15.— The State
Beard of Examiners to-day decided to
purchase USO.000 worth of Los Angeles
* ity Hall bonds. They will bear 3% per
cent interest.
LOS ANGELES, July 15.— The JtS.%000
¦worth of bonds purchased by the State
I!<-ard of Examiners was sold recently to
the W. R. Staats Company of Pasadena
end the Lns Angeles Trust Company of
This city, acting presumably for the State
board. The bonds will be finally executed
to-morrow and then taken to Sacramento.
DECIDES TO INVEST
IN MUNICIPAL BONDS
Grand Jury May Indict
Them for Fraud on
Friday. " ;•;.
BAD OUTLOOK
FOR EPPINGERS
RECENT BERKELEY BRIDE,
AND BELLE WHOSE* EN
GAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED.
DESERTS BRIDE
OF ONE MONTH
SAN RAFAEL. July 15.— When the trial
of the Ross-Makin-Worn suit was resum
ed before Judge Lawlor today. Mrs.
Davidson was recalled for cross-examina
tion. Counsel. for the defendant tried to
break down her testimony but failed.
Attorney Boyd then called for Mr?.
Anna S. E. Worn, the defendant, stating ,
that he would examine her as a witness
for the plaintiff. Her counsel thereupon
informed the court that she was ill at her
home In Ross Valley and would not be
able to appear.
Judge Lawlor then stated that- the
court would go to see Mrs. Worn. Ac
cordingly the Judge, clerk, bailiff,
stenographer and attorneys were con
veyed to Ross Valley to the Worn home
stead, where court was in session all after
noon. Mrs. Worn was the only witness^
examined. The plaintiff wished to prove"
by Mr;s. Worn that all the transactions,
such as the signing of the will, etc., had
actually been performed. Mrs. Worn ac
knowledged ehe had received the deed of
gift and other instruments alleged in the
complaint. Court will be resumed at the
"Worn homestead to-morrow morning at
10:30 o'clock.
MUS. WORN IS UNABLE
TO APPEAR IN COURT
Judge Lawlor Accordingly Goes to
Her Home in Boss Valley to
Take Testimony.
t.'nd<*r the Danish colors and secured a
temporary license, hoping that before the
expiration of the same l"nc!e Sam would
have purchased the Islands from Den
nark. The failure of those negotiations
left the vessel fa a peculiar predicament,
jinrtieularly Pince the temporary papers
expired and the special emissary sent to
Denmark by the owners failed to secure
a permanent register. The vessel is thus
loft without a flag or a nation and to-day.
«Wpairir.g of securing his papers now
deposited according to treasury regula
tions with the customs officials. Captain
Morse, master and part owner, left for
Victoria in the hope of securing relief
there by the return of the Lord Temple
ton to the British reglstery, under which
Fhe originally belonged.
.fort TOWNSEND, Wash.. July 13.—
.\fter an herorc effort to become an Amer
ican packet, the Danish ship Lord Tem
pleton now finds herself begging for any
f.eg ehe can secure. When the purchase
<^f.the West Indies was in prospect the
Ivrrd Templeton hurriedly placed herself
Themselves Left "Without a
Flag- or a Nation.
Owners of the Lord Templeton Find
DANISH SHIP IS PLACED
IN A PECULIAR POSITION
The heat cracked the large plate g1a«s
windows in the Johson block and the
<'f>Tnm«Tr!al Bank building. The telephone
fystrm is a complete wreck and the wire
Jrom San Francisco to Los Angeles wa«
cut. The town was in darkness to-night,
ss nearly at! of th»» electric light wires
verf cut by the firemen.
lb» fire are H. M. Warden. A. F. Fitz
l^ra'.d. J. S. Smith, Sinshe'rmr Bros.. E<1
par Childer?. Thomas Barrett. M. Egan.
J. E. Lewis, WTJejr; & Darling, Joseph
Kobapcsottl. Wirters"& Wade. A. L,. L*on
ttAp. E. Winrman. the San L/uis
Implement Crrspany. the E*.kp and fpv
oral other fraternal orders. William San
<>reock and J. M. Swinnerton.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 15.— The frame
building? on the corner of HIguera and
Chorro streets owned by H. M. Warden
and A. F. Fitzgerald were destroyed this
afternoon by a ftr<\ which originated in
rubbish on the bank of the creek
under Childers bicycle chop. The flames
tprted with great rapidity und for a time
the whole town was threatened, as a
brisk breeze tarried the burning embers
<juite a distance. Fires broke out in esv
rral places in the residence section, but
they wt-re promptly extinguished.
The flames kaped across the creek and
destroyed warehouse and
tbout $10,000 worth of goods. The fire also
«rof*-ed Higuera street and badly scorched
l!te Gold Tree Mock and the building oe
< upied by Wells. Fergo & Co. The total
Iff? vlll approximate $40,000. divided
: :Tf "f; many persons, all of whom but
•tv. o v. <-»-e insured. The h«>j»viest Infers by
Specie! Dispatch to The Call
Miss Moore on her own part produces
papers of guardianship, as well as rec
ommendations of a high order. Among
these is a document signed by thirty
members of the Fifty-second Congress,
stating that the signers knew Miss Moore
as a lady of estimable qualities. The
name of Senator George C. Perkins ap
pears in the list. The woman has a let
ter of recommendation also from Gen
eral Joe Wheeler.
FRESNO, July 15.— A wandering female
fortune teller and a little dusky-skinned
Cuban pirl nave been the center of in
terest in the Fresno courts for a couple
of days. The woman, whose name is Miss
Aula Moore, came here about three weeks
ago in a dilapidated old wagon and began
the rounds of the city, reading palms,
selling charms and giving exhibitions of
hypnotism with the little- girl as her sub
ject. She is a mysterious looking wom
an who drosses rather oddly.
MJss Moore had been here but a few
days when the attention of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
was called to the fact that the little girl,
who is not more than 12 years old, was
being used as a hypnotic subject at the
woman's exhibitions. Chief of Police
Morgan nr.d William Harvey of the so
ciety began an Investigation. They found
that Miss Moore had reared the child
from infancy and had dragged her about
the country, compelling her to lead her
own gypsy-like existence. The girl is ab
solutely ignorant of even the rudiments
of reading ami writing.
As a result of the investigation a war
rant was sworn to for the arrest of the
woman for cruelty to children and to-day
L A. Chester petitioned to be appointed
the little girl's guardian on the ground
that Miss Moore is not a fit person to
have charge of her..
Firemen Cut Electric Light
Wires and City Is Left
in Darkness.
Woman Holds Guardianship
Paper3 and Is Well
Recommended.
Fresno Authorities Try
to Take Child From
Fortune Teller.
Merchants of San Luis
Obispo Meet With
• Big Losses.
PECULIAR CASE
PUZZLES COURT
FLAMES DAMAGE
BUSINESS BLOCK
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 15— Stmr Oceanic,
for New York; »tmr Westernland, for Phila
delphia.
: PORT -SAID— Arrived . July 15— Stmr Nln
chow,.from Liverpool, for. Seattle.. -• ¦ . . . ¦
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to > July 15—
Stmr America . Maru, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu. Yokohama, etc. ' '¦•-¦;¦ ¦
COLOMBO— Sailed . July • - 15— Stmr- Canfa,
from Seattle, -etc, -for London. ¦; ;. .-
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived July- 15— Stmr
New Xork/frpm. New York.- ' —^
OCEAN STEAMERS,
KAHULUI— Arrived July 15— Bark Argyll,
hence July'6. •,.."
i .HONOLULU — Arrived July 15— Bark Ed
ward May, hence ; July 2. i ,
ISLAND PORT8.
ABERDEEN — Sailed July IB — Stmr Santa
Monica, for San .Francisco.
Arrived July 18 — Bktn Wrestler, from Hono
lulu.*'- • . ; •
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 15— Bark Sea
King, for Port Plrle;.bark Palmyra, for San
Francisco. '¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 15— Bark
Sea King, from Port Gamble, for Port Pirle. - 1
• Passed out 1 July -15 — Bark " Palmyra, from
Port Gamble, for • San Francisco. •• . v .
TATOOSH— Passed In July 15— Br ship Chll
tonford, from Hongkong. : for Victoria, B C." "
."SEATTLE — Arrived July 15 — Stmr City of
Topeka. from Skagway.
Sailed . July 15— Stmr City of Topeka, from
Skagway. . .
Sailed July 15— Stmr Newsboy, for Austin.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Wednesday,, July 15.
Stmr Ruth, Batchelder, Westport.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Eiuslaw River, with
echr Sacramento in tow.
Schr Sacramento, Mercer, Sluslaw River, la
tow *tmr Acme.
SAILED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 13.
Stmr Coqutlle River, Dart. 80 hours from
Eureka. » -
Schr Ida A, Campbell, S hours from Point
Reyes.
DRESDEN, Saxony. July 15.— In compli
ance with her request. King George has
conferred upon " the Princess Louise,
former Crown Princess of Saxony, the
title of Countess of Montenegro.
Princess Takes a New Title.
PASADENA, July 15.— Burdette Kerr, 12
years of age, is dead from lockjaw, the
result of the explosion of. a toy pistol on
the Fourth of July.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 15.— Paul Forbes,
son of 'W. A. Forbes, died to-day of lock
jaw. He. was accidentally wounded by
the premature discharge of a toy pistol
on the Fourth of July. .
PORTLAND, Or., July 15.— Oharles Wert
'and Thomas F. Struble, aged 13 and 14
respectively, died to-day as the result of
injuries inflicted with toy pistols on the
Fourth of July.
CLEVELAND, July 15.— Cnarles Hlnes,
aged 9,- died to-day, making the eighth
death here from lockjaw since July 4.
Toy Pistols Cause Five Deaths.
OAKLAND, July 15.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Francis W. Cherry,
San Francisco. 28. and Edith L. Langer,
Alameda, 22; James Henry, Oakland, 35,
and Victoria Cannon, Berkeley, 40;
Charles E. Jared, San Francisco, 85. and
Pearl I. Coonradt. Sonoma. 24; Phllix>I.
Oakeshatt, 35, and Edith M. Blalsdell,
28, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Green is connected with a San Francisco
commission house.
Miss Maude E. Sherry and Henry E.
Franks were married Wednesday evening,
July 1 at the home .of the bride's mother,
2250 Fulton street. In honor of the event
the house was profusely decorated with
flowers and ferns and a large- number of
relatives and friends were present to
speed the bride and groom on their jour
ney through life. The Rev. E. W. Work,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
was the officiating clergyman. Miss
Birdie Sherry, sister of the bride, was
the maid of honor and Miss Josephine
Maux and Miss Sadie Pullen the-brides
maids. William Popert acted as the best
man. The nuptial vows were exchanged
under a large floral bell and Just as the
last word was spoken a ribbon was drawn
and a shower of flowers . fell upon the
bride and groom. An interesting feature
was the distribution of wedding cake from
a tree, to which pieces of the cake were
tied in satin bags. • .Wr
Mr. and Mrs. Franks left for Wads
worth, Nev., where Mr. Franks holds a
position as a civil engineer, for a wed
ding trip. The brldo is well known In
Berkeley and the groom is a graduate of
the class of 1902 of the University of Cali
fornia. ;**5!f
HONOLULU, July ¦ 15.— An epidemic • of
dengue, a painful disease peculiar to the
tropics, seems to be sweeping over' the
Islands. More' than 1500 cases *. have ..been
reported, but , there have been' no deaths
' directly attributable to- the disease^ ¦' '
Dengue Finds Many Victims.
KANSAS CITY. July 13.— Missouri Pa
cific : passenger train No. I. known. as the
Colorado limited, which left this'city to
night, was, wrecked ten^ miles south z ot
here. Three coaches and the engine were
derailed and three persons were : slightly
hurt. -The cause of tha accident la ua«
knows. •" - "• — — — — -' — - — •
Train Wrecked Near Kansas City.
William A. Pinkerton makes a most
emphatic denial of the publlsned rumor
that the detective bureau of which he
Is- a principal has advised the American
Bankers' Association to give Forger
Charles Becker $300 a month or any other
sum to keep him out of further mischief.
In reference thereto ' Mr. ' Pinkerton said
yesterday:
- Representing: the police Interests of tha
American Banker*' Association member*. I
wish to say "that they do net give & nap of
the finger for Becker and If Becker interferes
with them they will pursue the nnw tactics
that they did before, when they sent him to
th« penitentiary.. The matter. o{ subsidizing
or paying Becker anything has not been con
sidered by the members of the association. -If
Becker commits other. forgeries you can, depend
upon It that the association. Instead of pen
sioning him, -¦ will ¦ spend as. much money ai 11
required to land him In the penitentiary, wner*
he properly belongs.
Pinkerton Denies Story That Falso
Check Manipulator. Will Get Con
sideration From Bankers.
SATS FORGER BEGKETh,
f 1 WILL GET NO PENSION
CHICAGO, July 15.— A short conference
was held to-night between President
Henry Harris of the San Francisco team
of the Pacific Coast League and Secre
tary Far rell of the National Association
of Professional Baseball Leagues,. the ob
ject of the meeting being a desire on the
part of Farrell to promote peace in base
ball circles on the Pacific Coast and to
bring all factions into the organization he
represents. Practically nothing came of
the meeting. Neither Owner Harris nor
Morley of the Los Angeles team care
much, they say, whether there is peace
between their organization, the Pacific
Coast League, and the' Pacific National
League or. not. They say that they, did
not know that W. . H. Lucas of Tacoma
and D. E. Dugdale of the Seattle' club
were to be here for a conference.
"Neither Mr. Harris nor I care whether
things are fixed „¦ up or not, because we
are the victors in the coast fight," said
Morley. "For the good of baseball we
should like to see peace, but I cannot say
that peace will be brought about on the
coast. We are here on invitation of Mr.
Hart and did, not know until we, arrived
that any of the others were in town. We
will leave for. the East on Friday and 'will
be gone for. possibly a month."
COAST BASEBALL WAR
¦ NO NEARER THE END
Chicago Conference Fails of Effect in
Settling the Local.
Feud.
Attorney A. D. : Warner of Los Angeles
petitioned the Supreme Court yesterday
for a writ of habeas corpus In behalf of
a child known as Arvilla Bell BarnsdalL
It is stated that A. A." Hopkins, Califor
nia agent for T. N. Barnsdall, a million
aire oil magnate of Plttsburg. Pa., has
the custody of the little girl at present.
Mrs. C. B. Davis, mother of Arvilla.
claims that she surrendered the guardian
ship of her daughter through fear of be
ing railroaded into an asylum. She claims
that Barnsdall la father of the child.
Attorney George D. Collins also filed a
petition yesterday asking for the release
of Waltv .N. Dimmick from San ¦ Quen
tln. Collins argues that his client should
have- been released last June, when his
two-year term expired. The lawyer will
appeal to the United States courts If un
successful in the State Supreme Court.
Chief Justice Beatty took no action In
either ease. . - .
Los Angeles Woman Wants Custody
of Daughter and Attorney
Wants Dimmick Released.
SUPREME COURT HEARS, .
pETrnoirs • for writs
ALAMEDA, July 15.— Down deep in the
basement of the new Andrew Carnegie
building, donated to the city for its free
library, Is a chamber that is death to all
microbes. When the little pests that are
said to be the cause of nearly all the ills
of human flesh are enticed Into a com
partment the fumigating machine is
turned on and the microbes are done for.
Alameda claims to be the only city pos
sessing a Carnegie library structure with
an apartment wherein microbes are so
scientifically smoked ¦ out of existence'.
Sanitary Inspector Eugene C. Maillot Is
the lord high executioner of microbes and
he officiates at a slaughter of millions
whenever Librarian Frank B. Graves col
lects a sufficient number of books for the
execution of the death sentence. The
books fumigated "are those that are known
to have been read in sickrooms or handled
by patients afflicted with contagious dis
eases. This precaution has the indorse
ment of the Board of Health and the
board of library trustees and is regarded
as a down-to-date method of decreasing
the population of disease producing mi
crobes. . Formaldehyde gas Is the agent
of destruction used.
Little Nuisances Are Pu
Out of Life in a
Death Cell. '
The crack of rifles and the baying of
hounds were heard in # the hills of Marin
and other counties yesterday. It was the
opening of the deer season and the hunter
was out early looking for pronged beasts.
The agile quadrupeds sought safety in
flight, but many fell through the unerr
ing aim of the hunters.
The members of the Tamalpais Gun
Club, Country Club and kindred organiz
ations enjoyed great sport. The heat did
not stop these nimrods. They walked
over the hills and kept an alert eye for
game. Within a few days the hunters
will return from the chase, bearing with
them evidences of their skill and good
luck. Venison w^Il be enjoyed by those
who know the fortunate huntsmen. Thera
will be stories to tell and the exciting In
cidents of the chase will furnish gossip
for months. The season does, not dose
until October 1.
The law will not permit one person to
kill more than three bucks during ona
season. Does and spotted fawns cannot
be killed at any time. No deer meat nor
deer hides can be gold.
Season Opens and Nixnrods Devots
If any Hours to the Quest of
Big Game.
HUNTERS SCOtTB HILLS
IN SEARCH OF DEER
Deputy District Attorney Will Harris,
whose home Is at Pleasanton, eays the
sentiment Is strong against the rancherie,
which has been the scene of Innumera
ble stabbings and not a few murders. But
the Indians heretofore have been banded
together in a mutual league for self-pro
tection. Even when one of their number
caused the arrest of an assailant mem
ory would become very defective by th«
time the trial was reached, and convic
tions havA been rare for that reason.
"With the Mariana woman in Jail, and
her arrest seems to have provoked her
followers as much as her knife wielding
aroused the other side, the peace offi
cers say the time* is ripe for a renewal
of the inquiry into the unsolved murder
mystery. ' ¦»';•;
A rift in the cloud of mystery that has
covered the crime broke to-day at Pleas
anton. when a large number of the ranch
erie colonists appeared there in court
at the arraignment of Lopez Sanchez, on«
of thejr number, who stabbed Robert
Silva during a jealous row about an In
dian woman. That quarrel had been fol
lowed by another. In which Magdalena
Mariana, a dusky denizen of the. red
men's rendezvous, plunged a knife into
Joseph Marshall and bit His hand serious
ly while he was trying to ward off tha
amazon's attack.
Miss Mariana was arrested this morn
ing and her case added to the anger of
the assembled tribesemen and camp fol
lowers. It was among the throng of In
terested and belligerent red men that
mutterings of vengeance were heard this
morning, and the whispered threats that
the secret of old Manuel's murder would
soon b« disclosed. The authorities have
been seriously hampered in their work
heretofore because every move made has
been met by an unanimous declaration of
"I don't know" from the scores of In
dians that have been interviewed.
The last two cuttins: affrays have
aroused followers of the men who were
victims of tha knife- and there was no
doubt about the feeling that was arou»ed
in the rancherie. Openly some of the In
dians said there would be confessions b«
fore long. The authorities purpose to
strike while the fire. is hot. and to break
down vthe wall that has hitherto ob
structed them In their labors.
Out of a, series of stabbing affrays of
recent occurrence the peace authorities
of Alameda County are hopeful shortly
to get a clew to the murder of Manuel,
an aged member of the Mission Indian
coloney at Pleasanton. who was hacked
to death In his cabin about a year ago.
Efforts of the county officials, as well
as those put forth by the township offi
cers, have failed utterly to uncover the
murderer, although the District Attor
ney's office is confident that the knife
wlelder's identity Is known to many of
the Indians.
Oakland Office San Franclico Call.
1113 Broadway. July 13.
MICROBES DIE
BY GAS ROUTE
"Now," said he, "the person who wrote
this must have a cockeyed view of things,
indeed. I want to say that the instructor
is interested In the students, but when
he has to meet them every day, and so
many of them, It takes some time to get
acquainted all around. I'm doing the best
I can. And as for being bored by stu
dents, they certainly do not bore me un
less, of course— they happen to be bores.
; Of course. I don't know many of you from
Adam— but, then, I'm not acquainted with
Adam either. I want to repeat that this
paper was written from a cockeyed point
of view." -^ .>\ .
The incident ended In a laugh, but the
offended teachers are not appeased and
they are still saying unkind things of the
Chicago professor.
If the ears of Professor Robert Herrick
of Chicago are not tingling from all that
is being said in denunciation of him by
the fifty or more women teacher-student*
taking work from him at the summer ses
sion of the University of California, It
must be because those tuneful appen
dages are Impervious to abuse, for they
are saying spirited things behind his back.
It amounts to open warfare.
Professor Herrick came from Chicago
to give instruction In the art of writing.
He is young, good looking and successful.
He Is also cynical, satirical and unmerci
ful. He has-: written some books
good books, too— and has reached that
point ' on the road to fame where he can
afford to stop and criticize consistently.
He believes that criticism of the hardy
sort is good for the soul, and since com
ing to the summer school he has given his
method full play, wherefore the murmurs
of discontent.
In his criticism of the"papers submitted
Professor Herrick has been unsparing. He
has not revealed the names of the writ
ers, but he has made them feel^ uncom
fortable. Many a story that, the author
fancied would land her among the Thack
erays and Dickenses and George Eliots
he has torn to pieces unsparingly.
At least one woman, a teacher-student,
has had the hardihood, however, to pro
test against the professor. She was of
fended "over one of Professor Herrick's
choice designations, and 80 waited a
chance for revenge. The chance came
yesterday, when he asked the students to
write\ a paragraph on any subject they
chose. The paragraph of this combative
student was written, submitted and read
in class to-day by Professor Herrick. In
substance this person, whose name is
kndwn to Professor Herrick only, writing
upon the subject of .pedagogy, -said:
"It is hard enough to be a poor school
teacher working for a small salary with
out coming to the summer school to be
treated as if you were a nonentity. You
come to the class and are made to feel
that no one has the slightest interest in
you, and you are not known from Adam.
If you happen to say anything you are
treated as if you were a bore."
All this was directed at Professor Her-
Tick. It was the complaint of a school
teacher cut to the quick. It also was a
grand opportunity for the target to in
dulge his satirical humor, and he did not
miss it.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, July 15.
One Woman Teacher Ex
presses Wrath Against
Instructor.
Feudists at Indian Colony
May Tell of Tribesman's
Death.
Redmen Threaten the
Revelation of a
Mystery.
Professor Robert Her
rick Raises a Row
With Educators.
CHICAGO CRITIC
PELTS TEACHERS
MUROER SECRET
STALKS ABROAD
THE. SAN ,raANCISI^i)^LI.,lTHURSi)AT, JULY 16, 1903.
"¦ The engagement Is announced of Miss
Fern Smith ,and Harry B. Green. The
date for the wedding has not yet been an
nounced, but it will. take place some time
in the fall. Miss Smith is the daughter
of Mr.' and Mrs. William Smith of 2602
Grove street and formerly lived in
Newark, where she is well known. Mr.
Miss Josephine Staats, a, sister of the
groom, wes the bridesmaid and Christian
Relverts of Petaluma the. best man.-LJt
tle Alice Brunk. sister of the bride, acted
as flower girl and strewed flowers in the
jJath of the wedding party. A wedding
breakfast was served after the ceremony.
9
GBAPE-irUTS.
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study. .
_;; Highland;,Cattle -is by that
celebrated Scotch- artist, WLL-"
LIAM' WATSON. •'
ABT* SUPPLEMENT.
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
Send for particulars by mail -of exten-
sion of time on the 57500.00 cooks'. contest
for 7S5 money prizes
"Who feeds his body starves his grief."
IThtre tnay be heart wounds difficult to
heal, but a well fed healthy body and
xnind softens the trouble greatly. A lady
cf Homer. 111., says: "About a year a^o
r*ty dear little four-year-old boy met with
an accident which resulted in his death,
and the anxiety and grief and worry that
1 <xj;trienced while watching bis stifler-
Jr.g and death resulted In my having ner-
vous r-rostration. I could neither eat nor
flecp, and I was soon a total, miserable
wreck, sick enough to die. .
"Then I was put on Grape-ICuts food,
taking a half-teaspoonful at a meal; the
amount was gradually increased until \
could cat c bout three teaspoonfula at a
time. I began to Improve almost imme-
diately, gaining strength steadily day by
Idcy until now I have entirely regained
health and am well throughout.
"Of course, my sorrow will never en-
tirely leave me, although- they say. time
heals al] v.ou'nds, but I am glad- to be
rtrons egaln mentally .and physically, for
1 can bear my burden better. I feel con-
fident that if I had not used Grape-Nats
I would never have been well again"."
Vamc given by Postum Co., Battle Creek*
Mich.
FOOD IN SORROW.
How to Lighten the Burden.¦ ¦'-. >-.', TO ARRIVE. ';:¦¦¦:¦;.;
Steamer. .' 'From:- « • •-¦ Du 0 .
Arctic "... "Humboldt .... .". ."...". .. July 16
Del Norte.:.: Crescent -City -vV. ..-.'.; July 16
San Pedro.... Humboldt ¦.."•...'...".';.''; July 16
O. Dollar. . . . . San Pedro . . . ." :.\ July 16
Eureka....... Humboldt ......*...;... July"l6
Corona.'. . ."-. .". Humboldt - . . .'. .V. .-. .-. . July 16
Santa Rosa .... San Diego & Way. Pts. July 16
Arcata Coos, Bay.. &.Pt. Orford. July 16
City Puebla.. Puget. Sound Ports ..... July 16
Phoenix:....'. Mendoclho&-Pt.' Arena July 17
Brooklyn:.... San Pedro :j July IT
Rainier. . . .... Seattle & Whatcom. , , : July 17
Point Arena.. Point Arena .......... July '< 17
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. July 17
Noyo Humboldt. .:...; :..:: .. July is
Centralla.*..:. Humboldt ...'.......... July 18
Czarina...... Coos Bay :....*.:......'. July IS
Edith./.'. ..V. ? Seattle .i.".. •.:¦. .'...*.:. July 18
S..;Barbara^. .Seattle & Olympla. .; . . July 18
Santa Monica Grays Harbor ....'...; July is
Pomona Humboldt *:.'.."' '. . r. July ', 10
Argo Eel River Ports ".....". July 19
North-Fork.-. "HumboTdt *"..'. •'.'.'. ..'..: July 19
Silesia Hamburg &} Way Pts.*. July 10
Columbia-... .Portland' & 'Astoria..'. . July 19
Lothian...... Hongk'g. via Manzanlllo July 19
Herodot Seattle : t.V.V ."."..*:. -...*.: July lu
Alliance. ..... Portland &' Way Ports July 20
State of Cal:/ San 'Diego & WayPt* July 20
Olympic FalrhaTen'<...i..U.»r.-.; July 20
Nevadan..... Honolulu & Kahulul. .. July 2u
Coos Bay. . . . . San-Pedro' &«Way -rts. July 21
N, Maru..... China- & Japan , . i ".*.-. . July^ 21
Alartirda..;.. Honolulu-*'. '..*...*. .'.?... July 21
Umatllla. . ... Puget' Sound: Port*;. V. July 21
JJ Dpllar .'.... Seattle* Tacoma/...: July 22
Newport'...'.. New < York via* Panama. July 2:{
¦aw. Elder.. Portland. &, Astoria::.. July. 24
M. Dollar.'. ..* ¦Ev«r4tr-......V........... July -jh
Queen........ Puget JBound lPorU..r.|July 26
riovements of Steamers.
NOTE — The high and low waters- occur at
the city front (Mission-street J wharf) about
twenty-five minutes, later than* at "Fort Point:
the^ highest tide Is the same at both places. •
. THL T RSDA.Y.~JULY~16. ~"
Sun rises '...."........'....' ...: 4:50
Sun sets ..'.'.. 7:32
Moon "rises j . : .". .¦".".•.'. /.:::.'.*'. I ".'^.V ill; 10 p. m.
0 Time " ! |Tlmel V Time .. Time
• Ft. I Ft.. Ft. Ft.
? , HW . |L W • H -W .. i L W
10 I 3:401 3.01 9 :Toi 1.61 4:251 6.1|10:49l 1.9
17 14:40] '&7ll0:10r 1.0> ft:0.il l 'A.:i|ll:fi3 1.4
18 | 6:13| 3.7|11:15| 2.2| 6:49| -5.5|....
L\V IHW L XV : |HW
19 0:M . 0.8| 7:42 (3.8 12UH .-. 2.6 0:39 5.7
20. l:u0 0.2 S:57 4.1 1:20 2.71.7:33 6.0
21 2:43—0.4 0:56 4.4 2:20 2.7 8:28 6.0
22S S:33— 0.8 10:4b 4;7 !3:15 f2.TJ0:23 6.2
NOTE-^In the above- exposition' of the tides
the 1 early . morning tides are given In the left
hand column "and the nuccesslve- tides of -the
day 'In the order of occurrence as -to time; the
fourth,. time column gives the last tide of the
dav. except when. there are but three tides, as
Bometlmes'.'occurs. ' The -heights' given are In
addition, to the soundings - of . the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except, when a minus (— )
sign precedes the heights, and 'then the number
given Is subtracted . from the depth : given by
the charts. The , plane of . reference Is the
mean of the lower low, waters.
Knocks Hole in Bow.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Bar
racouta. which arrived on Tuesday night,
knocked a hole In one of her bow plates yes
terday while docking at the company's wharf.
There wee a strong tide running and the vessel
was thrown with considerable force against
the dolphin. ' Her anchor-stock was driven
through one of the plates on the port side and
snapped off;
The Barracouta haa been away from here
about six months. She has been engaged be
tween the coffee ports of Central America.
While at Puntareras on June 22. on her way
un she encountered a very violent storm, in
the midst cf which a waterspout came whirl-
Ing In unpleasant proximity. The Newport
of the same line was also in port- and nar
rowly escaped an encounter with the waUr
column. which was finally disposed of by strik
ing the bow of an Italian ship. The bulk of
the liquid pillar returned to the ocean, but
enough boarded the Italian to fill the decks
with water to the- rails. It- did no serious
damage, however The Barracouta brought
only one passenger. She will be laid up until
tt"e next coffee season. : ',' ¦*<
May Stop Transporting Chinese.
Xhe China Commercial company may stop
transporting Chinese to Mexico.' The steam
ship Lothian, now on her way here from Guay.
reas. landed GOO Asiatic laborers at that port
and Manzanlllo. The Claverlng. now on her
way here from Hongkong, has no Chinese on
board and will not call at any Mexican port,
stopping instead at Honolulu. The Mexican
government. It • Is said, has protested against
the wholesale Invasion of Chinese labor which
followed- the Inauguration of the new line,
and the company has stopped carrying the
Orientals until the feeling against the Mon-
Kclia baa somewhat simmered down, or until
nome n»w arrangement j can be made I with the
Mexican authorities.
Sonoma Sails To-Day.
The British-Austrian malls arrived in this
city last night and the Oceanic Steamship
Company's Sonoma will sail from Pacific
Street wharf to-day at 2 o'clock.' according to
schedule. She will take a full cargo and 180
paesriiFers. of. whom 110 go through to- the
antipodes. G. F. Todman. | a tobacco manu
facture of Sydney, returns on . the Sonoma
after a ' visit to the States.
Sleeper Falls Into Bay.
Herman Body, a coppersmith.- fell asleep on
Clay-street wharf - yesterday afternoon and
during his slumbers . rolled : from his planked
couch Into the . bay. . He was pumped out and
dried at the Harbor Hospital, where he'resum
ed hl« " tap. . - •
The Time Ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
• Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, ' Cal.,
1 July 15. ¦ •¦ . /
EUREKA — Arrived. July '4 14-^Stmr V Noyo,
from San Pedro; stmr Eureka, hence July, 13.
July IS 1 — Stmr North; ; Fork, „ hence 'July 14;
stmr .Centr&lla, hence July. 13; etmr-Despatch,
hence July 13, for Columbia River. .
Sailed July 15— Stmrs San Pedro and 'Arctic,
for San Francisco; itmr Despatch, ". for '¦ Co*
TACOMA— Sailed July 16— Stmr • Leelanaw,
for San Francisco; schr Luzon., for' San Pedro.
Arrived July 15 — Stmr Mackinaw, hence 11th.
¦ ARCATA — Arrived July 15— Stmr Noyo, s from
Redondo. ... . . ' .
, CASPAR— Arrived ' July . 14— Stmr ' South
Coast, hence July 13. ' .......
MENDOCINO— Arrived July 14-^Stmr Phoe
nix, hence. July 13.- . ....'. -.':-¦ ;
USAL — Arrived July 14— Stmr National City,'
from Fort Bragg. , . .-. t .,.
* SEATTLE — Arrived July 14— Jap itmr Shin
ano Maru,- from Honskongr. : -.-¦•- , -
Balled July 14— Stmr City of- Seattle,: for
Skagway; stmr. Santa Barbara, -for San Fran
cisco. '
. Sailed Julj» 15— Stmr , Edith, , for San Fran-
CJjiCO. * • ¦ ¦ ¦ -. . . ¦'¦..¦..¦ ¦'.'•¦.(
- Arrived- July. 15 — Br stmr Telemachus, from
Yokohama. . ¦ ¦;
BANDON — Arrived . July . 16— Schr Albion,
hence June 30. . ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
' POINT LOBOS; July 15, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12. miles per hour..
TELEGRAPHIC.
June 21,'lat 2 S, Ion 27 W.. Ger ship Arthur.
Fltger, from Hamburg, for Oregon. ¦ '
June 30, lat 67 S, Ion 77 W, Fr bark Du
plelx, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
June 12, lat 42 S; Ion 37 W, Fr bark Jane
Gulllon, from Antwerp, for San Francisco. i
June 18. lat 6 S, Ion 130 W. Fr bark La.
Bruyere; from Shields, for Port Los Angeles. -
Wednesday, "July 15.
Ship Emily F Whitney, Goodman, Eureka.
Stmr.- Queen, Cousins, Victoria . and way
ports.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfield, Eureka. . • . .
Stmr City of Peking;, Robinson, Hongkong;,
etc.
Stmr Pomcna, Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Arco, Dunham, Eel River.
Stmr Navarro, Weber, - Bowens - Landing;.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, . Portland.
Stmr Gualala. Johnson, Westport. ' ' - "
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Willapa Harbor.
Stmr. Chlco, Jensen, Coqullle River.
Stmr Francis H Leggctt, Jahnsen, Eureka. •
Schr Wempe Bros. Aspe, Puget Sound. •
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, San Vicente Land
ing;. ... ._
Schr Orient, Saunders, Willapa Harbor. ' "
• ..• " . -'¦:¦¦ spoken: '¦-;::;'.<.¦•"¦.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 15.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria; Pacific Coa?t
Steamship Co. . • .•
Stmr .Ramona, Eagles, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. . ;i.
Stmr Fomona. Swar.san, Eureka: Pacific
Coast Steamship Co..
Stmr City 6f Peking:. Robinson. Honolulu,
Yokohama, Manila and Hongkong; Pacific Mail
Steamrhip Co.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson, ' Portland; E
T Kruie. V.
Ship Henry B Hyde, Amesbury, New, Tork;
John Rosenfeld's Sons. : ¦ .
Bark St Katherlne, Saunders, Hllo; Welch
& Co.
t Wednesday, July 13.
Stmr "Westport, Smith, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Schr Aloha, Fry, 31 days from Lahalna.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States' Coast and Geodetic Survey —
- Times and Heights ¦ of ¦ High- and .Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
: Kranclsco Bay. Published . by ¦ official .au
thority of the Superintendent.",!.
To Korea — 10 flasks quicksilver. 101 pkgs
machinery. 10 balea duck, 38 pkgs hardware,
7 cs paper.
To China — 4030 bbls flour, 445 gals wine. 1S1
es liquor?. 1100 lbs codfish, 10,811 Jbs beans,
CGO lbs checsr, 30' pkgs groceries" and pro
visions, S32 c* canned goods, 17,130 lbs 2 bblfc
fhrtmpB. 20 cs Mbalone meat, 113 pkgs .fresh
fruit. 4R2 lbe ginseng, 235 lbs hops, 2900 lbs
pearl barley. 2590 lbs dried fish. 134 rolls
leather. .">" bxs soap. 14 cs drugs.
To East Indies — 743 cs assorted ¦ canned
goods, 17 cs salmon. 150 gals wine, 2 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions.
The steamer Peking sailed ytsterday for
Hongkong, via Honolulu, Yokohama and Ma
nila, with a general merchandise cargo, valued
at $132, 1G5, exclusive of treasure, and dis
tributed as follow*: For Honolulu. $7600;
Japan. $41,615; Manila. $40,008: China. $36.
134; East Indies. $2709; Korea, $3130. The
following were the principal exports:
To Honolulu — C2.493 lbs sugar, 5 pkgrs gro
ceries and provisions. 100 cs whisky, S cs boots
and Fhoes, 9 pkgs dry goods, 13 cs snuff, 4 cs
electrical supplies. >
To Japan— 2780 bbls Hour. 10,149 lbs sugar.
131 cs canned so^ds. 1720 lbs dried fruit, 6.J3
lbs 1 cs bread. 1S43 lbs cheese. 41C0 lbs but
ter. 77 rk^s eroeerles and provlrlons, 32 pkgs
freeh fruit. 7<rf) lbs raisins. 76S lbs chocolate.
7S1 \te nuts, 2033 lbs ham and bacon. 1500 lbs
mllls'tufT*. JW1 gals wine, S cs mineral water.
105 rolls 12 pkgs leather, S5 pkgs bicycles and
parts. 13 pkgs drugs. 27 bxs soap. 9 pkgs ma
chinery. 5 bales dry goods. 17.845 lbs ¦ shcfl
lead. 4254 Itm soda. 10 cs rubber boots and
shoe*. 24 pkgs agricultural Implements. .-
To Manila — 1500 casks bottled beer, 250 gals
12 cs wine, 323 cs 5 bbls whisky. 20.es liquors,
10 c» bitters. B9 hales hay. 59,800 lbs oats. 188
Kks beans. 1C1 cs bread, 550 cs .canned goods.
2651 lbs ham. 101 pkgs fresh fruit, 22 pkgs
Rrocerlps and provisions. 3 bbls . glucose, 57
pkgs paper, 13 pkgs drugs, 8 cs arms and am
munition, JOt'- cs soap. S pkgs machinery, lft
pkgs bicycles and sundries, 13,510 railroad
Ues, 3 cs hats. " . ' .
Tt • Peking's Cargo.
TO SAIL. :'
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
~~ Jnl>- 1O. r
Chehalls Grays Harbor 3 pmiPler 2
S Portland. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pmlPIrr IS
G. DolUr.. Grays Harbor [12 m|Pler 2
State of Cal San Diego ft Way.i » amIPIer 19
Sonoma Sydney & Way....| 2 pm|Pier 7
Cocs Bay... San l'edro & Way. 9 amiPier U
Jnly 17. j
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm|P!er 10
Enterprise^ Htlo . .- 5 pir. Pier 10
G. Lindauei Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 10
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 1'J
x July 18-
Corona Humboldt l:30pPIerl9
Eureka . Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 0 amiPier 2
i Arcata Coos B. & PtOrford 10 ra Pier 13
Colon N. . Y. via Panama. 12 mi Pier 40
Redondo.... Lot : Angeles Ports. 6 pm I Pier 2
8. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmjPler 2
.Inly 1O. I
Arctic Humboldt 9 am|Pler 10
Phoenix.... Pt.Arena & Menden 1 pm|Pler 13
S Rosa San Dleco & Way. 9 am|Pier 19
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier ¦¦£
Jnly ao.
Pt.. Arena.. Point Arena ....... 4 pm Pier 2
g cru» Newport & Way. . 0 am Pier 1»
City Puebla. Vug«!t Sound Pt».. 11 am Pier 27
Jnly 21. I
Pomona Humboldt V. 1:30 pi Pier 13
Argo Kel River Ports..... 4 prn|Pler 1
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 amjPler 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 6 pm|Pier Itt
Jnly 22. . ' I ¦ •
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier. 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pler 24
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier lo
July '1\\. ¦ ¦ . . •
Doric China A Japan 1 pm Pier 40
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier "i
July 24. ......
Herodot Hamburg & Way. Pier —
Jnly 25.
Lothian China & Japan Pier —
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 amjPler 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. 'j Sails.
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports.] July 16
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjJuly 10
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. (July lj,
CltyTopeka.. SkagTvay & Way Ports:' Ju«y IS
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July 19
Eureka Nome July. 20
Spokane Skagway &. Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon. Nome July 23
City Seattle.. Skngway & Way Ports. July 28
Nome City.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 29
Ohio.. Nome & St. Michael... | Aug. 1
ExceUlor Cooks Inlet &. Way PtslAug. ' 1
Aztec Nome ". .i.|Aug. 1
The British bark Melanope Is chartered for
lumber from Pum Sound to Cape Town; Brit
ish bark Trcncate. s»m« business, from Che
ma Inus to Care Town or Delagoa Bay, 65s—
rechartered.
The Britlsl; ship hiverncBs-shlre Is chartered
for wheat or barley to Europe at 22s, with op
tion of merchandise to Liverpool. 22s ed, or
London, 2T5si 9d — chartered In March.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
the Orient, from having a very
slim passenger list. The fact lhat the
rassenger travel to the Philippines is at
present a little Heavier than the monthly
transport service can accommodate ac
counts for the more than three score of
Government employes who swelled the
liner's passenger list to average propor
tions.
The Peking sailed yesterday on her two
hundred and forty-first trip across the
Pacific and when she. gets back will have
made 121 round trips between here and
the Orient. Nearly thirty years' service
has taken much of the life out of the
veteran liner and in her old age she is
developing a. tendency to loaf, which adds
to the popularity of the other vessels
making tha same run. The bark Annie
Johnson made better time between here
and Honolulu than did the Peking from
Honolulu hore. Since her arrival, how
ever, the steamship has been on the dry
dock and leaves port with a clean Ibot
tom. shining with fresh paint. This prob
ably will be the Peking's last voyage
across the Pacific, as by the time she
returns the China is expected to be ready
again for service.
Those who sailed on the Peking were:
For Honolulu— Miss H. Ray Kribs. James
Mathlfon. Mrs James Mathlson. M»-s. E. A.
Orr M!ss E. Orr Miss May OKeeffe, W. P.
Weweinoeft. J. A William*.
Yokohama — Dr. Ellen C. Ga?e, J. Hwknun,
L. Mottet \V. G Renwick. Mrs. William. Rcn
wlck J. R Pteers Mrs. J. R. Steers.
KoW— J. >B. McCloeicey.
Nagasaki— Mis? E. L. Day, Ml<s E. B.
Jlook. A Trefzejikoff. Mrs. A. F AVoodsum.
Manila— Mrs. H E AHemus A. J Barnand.
Miss M C. Berry. E. W. Bratton. Mrs. G. N.
Brink E. J. Brownson. S. A Campbell. Mrs.
fi. A Campbell. A F. Cassldy. Miss M. G.
Cau!ft>14 W. E. Cobey. V.\ W. Coleman. J.
E. Corley. Mrs. J. E. Corley. S. V. Cortelyou.
L. G. Dawson. E. D*>snouee. Mrs. E. Dcsnouee
and Infant. C. A. Dlnneen, C. Donohue, Mrs.
M. E. G. Dunster. Burton Garrett. J. M. Gar
van B. H. Glbbs Miss A. Hennessey. J. S.
Hord. Mr?. J S. Hord and infant. Rev. M.
G. Johnston Mrs. M G. Johnston and servant.
J. r.Jones. S. M. Jones. Miss E. Keith. M. F.
Lowensteln. Mrs. F. L Macondray. Infant and
nurs». W. N. Mahon Mrs. XV. N. Mahon. XV.
F Martin W. Meadoweraft, V. E. Miller. W.
S Parkes. Mrs. E. J Pond. Miss G. D. Pruitt.
C. C. Pyle Mrs. C. C. Pyle. Mrs.' W; Quinan,
child and Infant. Vicente Reyes. R. C. Round,
Mrs. F. E. Russell, w . J. Shay, Mrs. Asa
Fklr.ner Fay Skinner. Ralph Skinner, "Walter
Sorrcll Mrs. S. E. SpltJpr. D. M. Stewart,
Mrs M. M Vopel. Mrs. D. R. Williams. Mis»
E A Woodsum Miss M E. Woodward.
Honir Kong— G. A. Aldrleh. XV. XV. Bissett,
Mm H. M. Bassett. G. Filmer Guy. XV. J.
Kenney Rev. J J. Nesbltt. Mrs. J. J. Nesbltt.
Mrs. N. A. Wood.
To Join at Honolulu — Mrs. W.- B. Daven
port. T. J. Murphy and Shepard Steven*.
THE fact that she Is going to call
at Manila sayed the Pacific Mall
Company's steamship City of Pe
king which sailed yesterday far
lumbia River: «tmrs Eureka and Corona, for
Ban Francisco, i
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 15— Br
ship Glamia, from Victoria; barge Richard
111. from Ladynnith.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 15 — Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
Sailed July 10 — Schr Samar. . for Port Town
eend; stmr Fulton, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND- Sailed July 15— Schr ,'Ei
celslor, for San Francisco.
PORTHARFORD— Sailed July 15, 6 p m—
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 15— Bark Sea
Klnjf, for Australia.
ASTORIA— Arrived. July 15 — Bktn Gleaner,
henoe June 29. ; - •' ' ¦
HARDY CREEK— Arrived July 15— Stmr
Marahflelcl. hence July 14.
TATOOSH — Passed out July 15— Stmr Santa
Barbara, from. Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed in July 15 — Schr F S Redflejd, from
San Pedro, for Blaine.
MARSHFIELD— Sailed. July. 16— Schr Jas A
Garfleld. for San Pedro. *..•*- •
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 14— Schr Mu
ri*V for' Santa" RosfiHa;" «=ctir" Dauntless, for
San Francisco; •tmr Newburgr. for San Fran
cisco. . ' '_ • •-" .'...¦ -'-. ' ! /.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived July -15— Schr Wm
Rentan, hence "June" 25. " ",
• ••• -• ISLAND PORT.'- •
HONOLULU— Sailed July 14— Ship Acme, for
Delaware -Breakwater:- nchr-Sttsle-M Plummer,
for Oregon; Br Rtmr Iris, for Vancouver. July
15 — Stinr-AIameda.-for San -Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.* .
REEDY -INLAND— Arrived .July 14— Ship
Clarence S Rement, from- Honolulu (In quar
antine). ¦ •'¦"•.
- FOREIGN - PORTS. ,-
BEACHT HEAD— Passed July W— Ger ship
Adolf, from Antwerp,' for'Port Los Angeles.
•FKEMANTLE— In port June 16— Br ship
Ft.ittish Minstrel. «hip IVy,; Br bark Elizabeth
/.'lchoUon- and:Br ship Dunbrltton. ¦
LONDON— Sailed July 4— Br. ship Netherby.
for Port Townsend. "' ' •
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed, : July 14— Bktn
Omega, for Astoria. July ¦ 15— ;Schr Louis, for
Lahalna. ¦ -%•,--»
: ACAPULCO— Sailed . July • 13— Br ship St
Mungo, for ;.stmr Peru, for. Panama. July
14 — Stmr Newport, .for. San .Frandsio.
. OCEAN STEAMERS. . . ¦
NEV.' YORK— ,trriT"sd, July 15-^Stmr Aura
nla, from Llveroopl ! and Queenptown,
¦Sailed 'July '15— 'Stmr- Noordann,-. for Rotter
dam and Boulogne;" stmr Philadelphia, for
Southampton: stmr Germanic.- for Liverpool.
LONDON — Arrived' July IB — Stmr , Manltou,
from New York; stmr Montevideo, from Mont
real." •:-'."• ' - • ' -• .,.-.•
LONDON— Sailed July . 15— Stmr I Arcadian,
for Montreal. - i ¦ M v:--- : . ¦ • • - t
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 16— Stmr Sax
onla, for Boston. : . t . . ¦. .' • ¦'¦ -
TOPEKA, July 15. — Lieutenant General Nel
son A. Miles and hla aid-de-camr>. Colonel
Maus, Inspected the post at Fort Riley to-day.
PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP BARRACOUTA, WHICH KNOCKED A HOLE IN ONE OF HER BOW
PLATES YESTERDAY WHILE DOCKING. THE STRONG TIDE WHICH WAS RUNNING AT THE TIME
THROWING THE VESSEL AGAINST THE WHARF. \
Suits have been commenced by the Con
tinental Building and Loan Association
against the banks which cashed the
checks for the return of all the money
paid nn the paper and tney are now
pending in the courts. It is contended
"by the Building Association that the pay
ment of the money on forged indorse
ments of the payees' names leaves the
banks liable for the amounts in question.
The suits are of great interest to bank
ers and their outcome will be closely
•watched.
PINKEBTONSWOHK FAST.
The Pinkerton Agency was notified and
George Tichenor went from this city to
take charge of the case. He at once suc
ceeded Sn unearthing the gigantic frauds
that had been committed by the three
men and bv clever detective work suc
ceeded in apprehending Taylor and Chris
tie, who were bound over to appear be
fore the Superior Court In bonds of $19,500
apiece. He also learned that Masterson
bad left Los Anjreles in a private con
veyance on the night of May 5 and driven
to Capistrano. where, through a friend,
he disposed of several pieces of property
that were being held In fictitious names
'and received the rnoney for them. He
then went to Tia Juana, Just across the
Mexican border in Baja California, and
thence overland to Ensenada. Here he
caught a National Line boat to Mazatlan,
where he boarded a Cosmos liner to Ham
burg. This information was cabled to the
•Hamburg correspondent and Mastcrson's
arrest at Lunden Monday resulted. At
the time of his arrest Masterson had in
his possession foreign drafts aggregat
ing 12.500 marks, or about $4000 in Ameri
can money.
The bulk of the checks were ca«hed by
the Broadway Loan and Trust Company
the Southwestern National Bank and the
American Bank of Los Arpeles and the
money was paid to either Taylor or Chris,
tie. These operations continued more
than six months without detection. Final
ly the suspicions of the home office be
came arcused and on May 3 William Cor
bln, secretary and general manager of
the Continental Building and Loan As
sociation, and its attorney. Gavin Mc-
Nab. began an investigation in Los An-
Ereles. From the flrst they were con
vinced of the fraudulent nature of Mas
terson's transactions and swore out a
warrant for his arrest. This became pub
lic before he was apprehended and he
fled, while Taylor and Christie went into
hiding.
In October, I9Q, Taylor and Christie or
ganized a corporation known as the Na
tional Construction Company, its pre
tended object being to erect dwellings on
real estate owned by other people, the
same to be paid for on the installment
plan. Soon thereafter 'they took Master
eon into their dealings. Their rlrst'opera
tions consisted in building cottages on
unimproved real estate and through Mas
terson they would apply to the Continen
tal Building and Loan Association for
leans. The appraised value of the prop
erty would be much in excess of its real
worth and the amount of the loan would
exceed the entire value of the property.
These loans would be applied for under
various names and when allowed by the
Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion the check would be made out in the
name of the applicant for the loan and
pent to Masterson. The indorsement of
the payee would be forged on the back
-of the check and it would b« presented
for payment either by Taylor or Christie.
Subsequently they negotiated loans for
large sums on bare lots, representing
them to be highly Improved.
The crime for which Masterson is
wanted is one of the largest and best
planned swindling operations ever per
petrated on the Pacific Coast. Acting as
agent for the Continetal Building and
Loan Association at Pasadena, he man
aged, in connection with A. J. Taylor and
Henry Christie, to secure $102,000 from the
parent concern, the sum being advanced
supposedly as loans on real estate in Pasa
dena and Los Angeles, which were recom
mended by Masterson in his capacity of
agent.
WHOLESALE OPERATIONS.
This information was received by B. F.
Kimball, local superintendent of the
Pinkerton National Detective Agency,
and at once communicated to District At
torney D. F. Fredericks of Los Angeles,
who requested Governor Pardee to notify
the officials cf the State Department and
request them to co-operate in Masterson's
detention. To-day Chief of Police Elton
of Los Angeles will leave for Washington
with a requisition for Masterson from
Governor Pardee and after securing the
necessary papers at the national capital
will sail fur Germany to secure his
priscr.er and bring him back to Los An
geles to answer lor his alleged swindling
operations.
William A. Pinkerton end his entire lo
cal force were in high spirits yesterday
over the receipt of a cablegram from their
Hamburg correspondent elating that K.
F. Mastcrscn, who is wanted in Los An
geles in connection with the swindling of
the Continental Building and Loan Asso
ciation of Ban Francisco out of $102,000 by
false representations, had been arrested
in Lunden. Schleswig-Holstcin, Germany,
on a provisional warrant and would be
held until authority was received by the
United States Ccrsul at Hamburg from
the State Department to take him into
custody pending the arrival of extradition
papers.
At the meeting of the two last Tuesday
night Mahoney was drunk. He approach
ed Shelly, and an argument concerning
the union ensued, wherein Mahoney ac
cused Shelly of "standing in" with the
union and of having given the members
Information concerning Mahoney.
With these drunken thoughts on his
mind, Mahoney became highly enraged
and, whipping out a dirk knife, he attack
ed Shelly suddenly.
The men had lived in the neighborhood
for some time and were considered fast
friends, as they had been seen continually
in company up till one year ago, when
Shelly got marrfed.
Mahoney had the reputation In his
neighborhood and among the police of
being a dangerous man when he was
drinking.
Shelly and Mahoney had been friends
for b. number of years and some time
ago both joined the Glovemakers' Union
and were given employment In the glove
factory o£ Blumenthal & Co., where they
worked together, for some J time. When
the elovemakers struck some weeks ago
both men refused to' go out and remained
at their employment. At the ending of
the strike both men were thrown out of
employment and dismissed from the un
ion and threats were made against them.
Shelly has . been employed at the glove
factory of Carson & Co. since, but Ma
honey had not been able to obtain work
and had been drinking.
Shelly and Mahoney had met frequent
ly, and Mahoney had hinted that he
feared the union men would do him bodily
harm.
The cause for the murderous assault
by Mahoney^ followed by his suicide, is
made plain by Shelly's statements to his
wife. ' w:"\?:.-V r S:^ ';;-!
Harry Shelly, who was seriously stab
bed by John J. Mahoney at Green and
Mason streets shortly after 8 o'clock
Tuesday night, was removed, from the
Emergency Hospital to his home at 1627
Mason street' at 10:30 o'clock yesterday
morning.
Although Shelly's wounds are serious,
It Is stated that he will recover.
Captured in Germany Through
Efforts of Pinkerton
Detectives.
Mahoney, Enraged Over Union
Affairs, Commits the
Assault.
E. P. Masterson, Wanted
in Los Angeles, in
Custody.
Ipjured Man Is Removed
From Hospital to
His Residence.
SWINDLER CAUGHT
IN FOREIGN LAND
HRRRYT SHELLY
WILL RECOVER
CARRIES MORE THAN THREE SCORE
GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES FOR MANILA
City of Peking Starts Across the ; Pacific" for the Orient and
When She Returns Will Have Completed 121-Round
Trips Between San Franciscpand Ports- ;df- the j-East
THE SAN FBANCISC^ GALL, THUBSDAY, JULY 16,, 1903.
10
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
California ;
Limited..,
TbCmCAGp
[iaEy^ull F° r -Those 'Who
ILlli M Seek th e Best.
SANTA FB TRAINS. • ;
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.'-.
• I Local I Ltm'd I Local { OVrl'd
I Dally I Dally | Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30 a! 4:00 p| 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced .... 1:05 p 1:65 p|.....'.. J12S a
" Fresno .... 2:40 p 3:20 p .313 a
" Hanford .. 4:5S p 4:07 p ;...... 7:50 a
- •' Vlsalla .... 4:55 p 4:48 p ....... 5:00 a
" Bakersflpl.l 7:15 p 6:00 p....... 7 35 a
" Kansas City ....... 2:35 a ....... 7<0»a
", Chicago ....... 2:15 p .,: .8:47 p
¦; a I or moti.lngr: p for atterpoon.- : i • • ¦';'-»
.7:30 a. m.S Dttiiy 1? BaVsrsfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquln 'Valley.' Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally. •
9 :30 • a. rn. ' Monday and -. Thursday ;-.. !* .- tha
CALirOBNIA, LIMITED, carrylagr Pal-
ace - Sleeping 1 \ Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local flrst-clasa pas-
sengers. A No second-class tickets ¦ are ;. honored
on this train. Corresponding .train arrives ; at
11:10 p.*;m. Tuesday and Friday.' >" '."~t* :
- 0:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited; -Composite
Car and 'Reclining Chair, Car 1 between Bakers-
fleld and 'San - Francisco: Corresponding - train
arrives at 11:10 p. ; m. dally. ; -»_•• .'--."£ .' \
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. . Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a: m. dally. , , .
8:00 -D. m. dally Is the Overland Express
with- through Palace ' and Tourist Sleepers and
Frre Reclining Chair , cars to Chicago; alao
Palace Sleeper, .which cuts out at . Fresno. . Cor- '
responding train arrives at 0:25 p. nr. dally.
'Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.'
Chicago and v East f leave San Francisco every
Monday, , Thursday and Saturday at 8. p.- m. . .'
:, Offlcea — «41 ' Market street < and 'In Ferry De-
pot.' San ' Francisco; ¦ 1112 ' Broadway.' - Oakland.
ADVEaTISEMZNTS.
Pears'
•. People have no idea how
crude and cruel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
• It cuts the skin and frets
the under-skin; makes red-
ness and roughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it.
Pears' Soap has no free, al-
kali in it. It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re-
sponds to water instantly; wash-
es and rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
after-effect is every way good,
over io» years
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Msl» Line. Foot of Market 8treet> +*
%kj,t* — FaoM Jpiill. 1J03- — *»" T>
"~7 WJa Benl<l«. Saiscn. Elmlr» *nd Sscrs-
mento Voll
7C0a "VncsTllle, Winters. Rumsey. l-Zar
7^0a Msrtlnes. Baa R«moD. Vallejo,
N«p», Callstoc. SsnuEota...... fif*
7.30a Xlles. Lathrop. Stockton 7.25»
t 00a Lavia. Woodland. Kntgbts Laniilnz.
SlsrysTllle. OroTllle. (connect*
at Msrysrille lar Qrldlcy. Blgss
=-¦• ¦' and Chlco) .-...- ,J-|f*
I 00a Atl»D«eEspree»—Os;deB and Bast. 1C25A
8 00a Port C«»ts, Wartlne*. Antloch. By
ron.Trscy.SMK-ttoB.Sacramento,
Los Bunos. Mendota. lUnford.
Ylwilla. rortervllle "»4^5»
¦JMJa Port Costs, M.trttne», Lalorop. Mo-
desto. Msr«-ed. Fresno. Oosnen
Janctlon. Hanford. Vlsslla,
BakersfleM 6.2S*
8 50* 6h««t« Express — D»t1s. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). "WJUows.
+Krnto. Bed Blnff. TortlanH 7-*o»
8 30a KJles. 8nn Joee. LlTermore. Stoek-
toD.lone.8»cr*mento,PlacerTllle»
Mary STlMe. Chlco. Ked r.lulT. .... 42S»
830* Oskdale. Chinese. J«mestowiu 8o-
Bora. Tuolnmne and Angels 1?!*
800a Martlnei and Wsy SUtlons ,152*
1000a Vallejo vi-"V"V 1Z - ZB *
•10430a Cre#eentCtty Rxpress. Bastbound.
—Port Costa, IJyron. Traer, , La-
throp. Stockton. Merced. Kay A
mond, Trrmo. Hanford. Vlsalla,
>- Bakersflrld. .!*• AageVaa and — i
Kew Ot1»«m. (Wwlbound a»-
rl»es as Pacific Co»st Express.
Tla Coast Line) ••••• fl-oO
T3 CO a The Ore rland Limited — Ugdca.
I DenTer. ©nun*, Chlcsgo ......... 625»
12.00* Hayward. Nllesard Way StaUoos. 3.25?
ti.OOf Sacramento River Steamers tli-OOV
SJOf Bentcla. Winters. SacTamento.
Woodland, Williams. Colnsa,Wll-
low». Knlchts Landing. Marys-
Tllle. OroTllle and waj stations.. 10-5B*
SXOr Hay ward. Nile* »nd Way Stations.. 7BB»
4.C0P Marttnei.SanlUmon.VaIleJo,Kapa,
Cal! • toga. Santa Rosa ... jj-Z|*
4C0f Maitlnei.Tracy.L»throp.SU>ekton. 1026a
4 00»> KHes. LlTtrmore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.26*
4.30r Hsjwsrd. Nlles. irTlngton. San I tf .65*
Jose. Lltermore C Ill.ook
hOOr Tbe Owl Llnilted— Fresno. Tulare.
BakersSeld. Los Angeles; eon-
Beets at Saoa/os for 8anU Bay .
bara. •--• 8-68*
6 C0p Port Costa. TTacy. Stockton. Lo»
Banoa •••• IZ-ZI*
tSJCr Klles. San JosoLoc*! .Z-2§*
GCOp Kajwarii.Slle sand San Jose 10.25*
8.00r Orlenui Mali— Otden. Denver,
Omaha. St. Lonls. Chicago and
East. (Carries Pullman Car jw
sengers only out of Ssa Fran-
elsco. Tourist car and coach
yaBaengers take 7X0 r. x. train
to Reno, continuing thenee ta
tbelr cars 6 p.m. train eastward.. 4-25*
Wrctboond, Sunset Limited.— J ,
From New Tork, Chicago, New
Orleans. El Paso. Los Angeles.
Fret no, Berenda, Raymond (from
Tosemlte), Martinet. Arrives.. 8-25*
7XO Esn Pablo. Port Coiu, Martinet
and Way Sutlons. 11-25*
$7,007 Vallejo 7^&»
7-COr Port Costa, Bentcta. SuIsud, DaTla,
Sacramento. Tmckee. Reno.
6U>pa at an stations eaat of
Sacramento ...................... 7.55a
•4>6r Oregon A California Ezpr<wa— 6ao-
ramento, VaryiTlUc Bedding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 853*
tS-IOr Day-ward, Nllea and San Jose (Sun-
day only) S11-65*
11.251- Port Costa. Tracy. Lmthrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
aemite). Kreono 12 2"*
Hanford. VI.-iMU, Bakersfleld 6.2Sr
COAST LI N E (Sarr«w Uange).
¦ (foot of Market Street.)
't7.4&A banta. Crai Ezenrslon (Sanday
only) tS-lOv
S-15a Newark. Cent«rvllle. San Jose, .
Felton. Bonloer Creek. Santa
Crui and Way Sutlons S 2St
tt.iBr Newark, Centerrllle. Ssn Jos«.
New Almaden.Lo* Gato«.Fe:ton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cru2 and
Principal Way Stations 10-55*
4-1ir Kewark. San Jcse. Los Oatos and
way stations (ou Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Craz. connects at Felton for
Boulder Creek. Monday only -
from Sanu Cruz) tfl.SB >
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN >RAN CISCO, foot of Market St. (Sllpn
— 17:15 9:C0 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 6.1&r.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — td:0O 13:M
t8:03 W:00a.m. 12 00 2 00 400 f.M.
COAST LI N E (Broad Utwe).
(Tblrd ami Townsend Streeta.)
8-10* San Jose and Way SUtlons......... 7.3 Of
17 00a San Joae and Way Sutlons 6-30r
/7 00a New Altnaden /4.10»
J7.15a llonterey and Santa Crn* Eicnr
sion (Snoday only) ... 23.30*
cBCOa CoastLlneLlntltrd— Stopsonly San
Jote.Gtlroy.BoU!ater.Pajaro.Caa-
troTllle. SaJtnaa. San Arrto. Paso
Rohles. Santa Margarita. San Luis
Oblspn,(pr1nripal statloosthent-;)
Santa Baibara. and Loa An-
geles. Connection at Castrovtlla
to and frcm Monterey snd Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
from Cspltcla «nd SanttCnsi.... 10-48*
•410* San Jofe. Tres Plnos. Capltola.
SHt>tnCruz.Pi«clflrGrove.Saltiia»,
fan Lula Oblrpo and Principal
Intermediate Stations. ...'.."'.... 4-1Q»
Westbound only. Pacific Coa»t Ex-
nre»».— From New York.Chlraeo,
New Orlrana. El Pa«o. Lqs An-
._ ,_ _ s^les, Santa Barbara. Arrives.. 1-ZQr
1?»2 A 8sn Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
II SOa Ssn Jote. Los Uatos and War Su-
, __ "on*, 530?
*1«« S«n Jose and Way Sutlons x7Cf>
.«»»/ 8 « n Jose and Way Statlona !342a
I'.J.tOrcn Monte Exprrn*— Santa aara,
• San Jcae, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Sanu
Clara for Panta Craz. Boulder
- __ Trr * » nd Narrow Gauge Points) t12-15»
•J SOr Burllncame. San Matro. Redwood,
UenloPark. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Joae, Gllroy (connec-
ttcn for liollloter, Tr«rs Plnos).
Pajaro (connection for Watson-
vl'le. CipHoIa and Sacta Cruz).
Pacific Glare and way aUtlont.
f-'.H Connects at Castroville for Sa-
Unas 10.45a
•j.30» San Joto acd Way Stations 8-36*
0TO-COP San Jose. (\1* Sanu Clara) Los
Uatos, Wright and Principal Way
._„„ 8uu»*b ... rS.OOx
«5J0p 6anJoseandPrlnc!palWaySUUons t8.00*
•18.1b> San Mateo, Beresford.Belmont, San
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS-48*
B-JOf San Jose and Way Stations S.36a
' •7X0r Sunset Limited. Ea*ti>ound.— San
Luis Obl«po. Santa BnrUara. Loa
,-i~! Angrim. Demlsg. El Ps»o. New
Orleans. New Y< rk. (Wf st!K>und
¦ _^ srrlTesTl«Si«nJcs<jufnVaIley>... tri.n*
8.C07 Palo Alto and Way Station 10-15a
¦11.30) MUlbrae. Palo Alto and Way SU-
•11 -ZOr Millb l raeVsVn**io8e"Vnd*Way"sta^ " 45 *
tto ns _!?J^>
A tor Morulnit- P for Af Urnooa. " "
X Saturday and Sunday only.
l Stop* at all stattona on Sunday. .
1 Sunday ezceptrd t Sunday only.
«• Saturday only.
• Connects at Goahen Jc with trains for Hanford
Vlsalla. At Fre.no. for Vtsalla Tta Sanger*
«Vta Coast Line. J Tuesday and Friday.
•: Arrive via Nile*. » Dally except Saturday
tf Via San Joaqnln Valley. *u™a 7 .
Stopa Santa Clara »onth bound cnly. Connaeta.
except Sunday, tor all ;4>ints Narrow Gauee. ""•
»JD«es not ttoD at VaicncU St.
JurtBm&M MENANDWOMEff.
*nBg8&XX7B££Sl83 Cse Big « for unnatural
/fiXZf U 1 to i <»irv^3 ilifcUArjes. inflammations.
BSpS Oa»r»at«d y irrit«tioos ox ulcerAtioni
WJt»t a»» t» •ul«t«r». of mucous membrane*.
aP Tmmim C«»«»«i~- Pain'<eas. and not octrla*
BTTiTH E EYJHS CHEMXALIX 2»at or poi.ononi.'
\lgggk ClMCINHiTI.O.R^g Sold bj DrarsUt*.
c - 9 -*- iSfeaT or ient in P |ilin "r»pp«r.
'SmSbivwfS^la ft ex P r< "". Prepaid, for
— Circular sect on rsQnest.
The WeekirGalL
£1 per Year* '
BAILWAY TBAVEL. ' __.,^ rw .
Folder Tells
All About It.
Our folder, "Across the Continent in a *
Tourist Sleeping Car," contains just the |
information travelers need. It describes and |
illustrates Rock Island tourist sleepers; shows |
when they leave California and when they |
arrive at Omaha, St. Paul, Kansas City, Chicago,
St. Louis and Memphis; tells how much bag- £
gage is allowed; names the points of interest
en route and shows how much money is saved
by "going tourist."
- Call at any Southern Pacific ticket office «d
get a copy, or write
*' W " THOMPSON", General Western Agent, J-j
' 623 \!irket Street, San Frar.cisco.
Eastbound
Tourist Parties
i
The best friends we hare are those
I who have once traveled with one of
{ our Fersond!y Conducted Tourist
Parties — that is saying 0 good deal for
s the service, is it not?
' Before . making up your mind how to *
(jo east vril! yon not permit me to tell
you about them and the decided advan-
tages they offer? j
, W. 0. SANBORN, Cen'l Agent Burlington Route.
631 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
COl Phona. Main 1188. '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COaiFAMT.
Tlbnxoii gciry. -j'oot at Market St.
SAW rEANCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 0:00, 11:00 a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:80. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30 11:30 p. m.
SAN BA7AEL TO SAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:06. 6:50. 7:35. 7:5O. 8:20.
11:10 a. m.; 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40. 5:0O. 5:20.
6:25 p. on. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 8:50, 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
. 3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. '•¦¦
' Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclsco.1 May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
M>ek I Sun- I Dectlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I da ys. [ - tlon. ) da ya. j Days.
• " 7~30^ 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:COa " > S:40a 8:40 a
8:00a 9:3Oa Icnaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p ' ' 6:20 p 7:25 P
_ 7:25 p
7:30 a .7:30 a ....... -7:45 a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p O:.'SI)a -Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. !
7:30 a 7:3Oa , 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:0Oa Fulton.' • 7:25 p 6:2Op.
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30a 7:30a : Healdsburj;. 10:20a 10:20a
• \ .. Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
- - - ' - Cloverdale. -
7:3Oa| 7:3Oa| "HopUnd , 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
~7:30a| 7:30al . Wllllts. . |- 7:25 p| 7^25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40a| 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. |6:00p|6:20p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a[10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p) Sebastopol. - I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae • for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur*
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West -.Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skagfts Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs,
goda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah . for Vichy Springs. I Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's, Bucknell'*, Sanhedtin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's . Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Ural: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg, 'Westport,
Sherwood, Canto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mtngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Garbervllle. Pepperwocd. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced 'rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcls
building.
H; C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
H~ TO SAN RAFAEL
SAn bl'ENTIN,
mill valley,
cazad:ro,etc.
via Eausalito Ferry
! ' WEEK ~ DAYS "(Holidays «cepted)_«: 43.
f7:45. 8:45. 9:45. 11 »• "i. 1 .^ 20 - *^ :4a - 3: ".
415 t5:15. *8:15. 6:45. 9, 11:45 p. Jn.
7:45 a. m.: train week days dees not run to
AND LEGAL HOLmAYS-7.
t8 -t*» t*W. 11. tll:30 a. m.. tl-':3o. fl:3o.
2*35 7j:50. 5. 6. 7:30.0. 11:45 p m. .
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (f) to Fairfax except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
rU FRO O M F S*A I N*KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week dayi-5:25. tO:25. 7:40. 8:15. J9:35.
11 -05 a. m... 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 6;30. 6:45.
10 S 2 UNDAYS-«:15. 7:35. ;»: 10 9:40. $10:55.
tll-45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, J3:25. 4:40. J5:5o.
6:56 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentln.
FROM- MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN.
ClSCO-^Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
0:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5:15. 5:10. 7:05^
10 St;N P DAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. ra.. 12:03
105*2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:4rt p.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7 :45 a. m-. .week .days— Cazadero . and wa'y
stations.
6:lf -p. m.. week days (Saturday! exceptedj
—Tonlales and way "stations.' ,
' .3:15 p. m... Saturdays— Catadero and way
stations. - • • • ¦
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m. Caza-
dero -and way stations. .' ¦
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and -way stations. ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 626 -Market" st. '
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• ..Leave- - Tis Sausiita Ftrrf Arrive
SaaFran. - . fwt »! lUrkt 3t San Fran. -
Week auii- . "^^aa,: '"" Sun-. Week"
1:451- »:OOa tg&S^S&f l?:.^O P J:30r
»:15p1O:OOa 5^^^^f 3 -*<>r 3:50p
tUariirt wtlj.-lnr* frwm T-9:3Op,>triT>l>. i'l'iTToy
IHHML' \ *« M***" St^ (North snore Railroad,
Of TICK I snd Sausamto Kcr*v Foot Market St.Continued on Page Thirteen.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 15.— The violent liquida
tion of stocks and bonds continue on the Stock
Exchange today, establishing a rmeral low
record of values for the year. The money
exigencies ©f the New York Central, which
v.a« the particular development on which the
present selling movement ptarted. has widened
t-o rt. to take In the railroad world quite
gfrr.eraljy. Yertrrday's late announcement that
the Chirapo. Burlington A Qulncy had bor
rowed $5,ooo,OW> for a period extending over
Into r.txt March on a 6 per cent, baeis was
supplemented to-day by the official announce
ment that the Union Pacific Company had
nepotiated its notes to the extent of $10,000.
000 for a year and this at practically ft per
cent. Tne authoritative news regarding the
mon«-y requirements of the great railroad cor
porations waj» supplemented by countless ru
mors of s.:i degrees of credltablllty pointing
to u-j^nt money ni^ed* on the part of the
world in general and individual capitalists in
particular, and alleging that great sacrifices
we.re necessary to secure funds. The effect
of this condition was to provide a field day
for the bears in the stock market. This
element cf the rtock brokers was diligent In
punsuirj? th»-!r adi-antajre all day long and the
rxtent of their operations on the short side
caused bomj rr-qulremcntg for stocks toward
the end cf the day. The buying of the bears
to cover caused a strong rally in the market,
which wijif-d out the earlier losses in some
cases, notably in fit. Paul New York Central.
Reading anfl Norfolk A Western. The day's
losses 1n the active list were not greater at
any time than are frequently shown during
an active nrlling movement the range running
renerally within 1 to 3 points. But tn the in
active list., and especially among stocks re
garded a* of a high investment grade, there
were some drastic cuts in market values. In
many cas^s tbene compared with long-stand
ing quotations made on all sales and resulting
in the marketing of comparatively email blocks
of stocks. Thf- Inference Is plain that these
represent a sort of revision of book values,
while the assumption is warranted that such
vales are made to cupply urgent money re
quirements, there Is a possibility also of the
attraction of the present rates In the open
money market inducing the selling of «ecurities
to employ funds !n that way. This is the
natural process by which prices of «ecurttiei
The City of Peking took out a. treasure list
of $2C5,4$0. consisting of $G5.040 in Mexican
dollars and $240 In gold coin for Hongkong and
$200,200 in fine gold for Hlogo.
1 Sterling Exchange Is lower. Domestic rates
I remain unchanged.
1 Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — • 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 06 •• ,
Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — . 41%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firmer.
Chicago was %c lower. Minneapolis wired
! that the Northwestern millers reported that
North Dakota was going- backward daily, and
that Manitoban crop prospects were smaller
than last year. St. Louis reported that the ,
local mills were bidding lc over the preceding
day for cash Wheat, and that there was a
scramble for what little U coming In. . Thresh
1 Ing returns from Southewestern Missouri are
bad, 7 bushels being the highest, and from that
down to 3 bushels per acre.
This market ruled firm, with reports that
Wheat Is bringing more In the country than In
this city. In fact, as nigh as $1 5.1 Is reported
paid for White Australian npllling In the coun
try. It will not bring that here.
New Wheat. $1 37%@1 42% for shipping and
$1 4581 60 for milling.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, %\ 40^1 42%; California
White Australian, $1 50'Sl 52%; Northern
Club. $1 40®l 42%: Northern Blue Stem,
?1 48%©1 60; Oregon Valley. $1 47%.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...SI 38T« $139% $138% $138%
May — No sales.
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 38%.
BARLEY — Futures were hljrher. but the cash
grain remained Quiet and unchanged.
The French bark Marie Molinos is down from
Port Costa with 42,933 ctls for Europe.
CASH BARLEY.
Fted. new, $1 01Vi©l 03%; new shipping and
brewing. $1 12%®1 17%; old brewing $1 13fll
1 20; Chevalier. $1 15@1 30 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
' -. Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 93 93% 03 03%
May — No sales.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... «3% 93% 03% 93%
OATS — The market Is distinctly quieter, with
doubts expressed by the trade whether the
Washington authorities will confirm the recent
bids on the Government order for '2000 tons
lately placed • on this market. In fact, pre
dictions are now being made that the Gnvern
ment may not take any from this market after
all. There Is something singular about this
Government business, but time will probably
clear lt up. • . • . .
New Red.' $1 15@1 25 per. ctl.
Old crop— White. $1 17%(&1 25; Black $1 10
(31 17%; Red. $1 12%@1 17% for common and
$1 20@l 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — The millers say that they find lt very
difficult to obtain supplies. The market con- !
tinues firm, but nominal, owing to the very
slender stocks.
California large Yellow. $1 40@l 45; small
round do. $1 70@l 75; White, $1 40@l 43-
Egyptian. $1 45@1 50 for White and $1 40©
1 45 for Brown.
RYE— $1 10©>l 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 76<&2 per ctl.
j^L; Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras $4 4D@
4 63, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 30@
4 40: Oregon and Washington, $3 70®4 ner
bbl for Family and $3 70@4 20 for Bakers .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
I Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour $7-
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do $4-' Oat
Groats.- $4 50; Hominy, $4®4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 r,0®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 CO: Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $0 75ft8 CO; In sacks. J6 2508 10-
Pea* Barley $5 60; Split Peas, boxes. $ 7 |
Green Peas, $3 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay again ran up. being 1089
tons, and the market was weak In consequence,
though there was no decline. Bran and Mid
dlings continued firm.
The circular of Somcrs A Co. says of Hay
"The receipts for the week Just ended show
a total of 3400 tons, in comparison with 3200
for tho week preceding. About one- third of
these arrivals have been by water. Hay deal
ers here are still receiving numerous complaints
from their shippers concerning the scarcity of
cars. The railroad company promises to rem
edy this evil at once, so when tho farmers are
through with their harvesting and are ahle to
turn their attention to shipping in their hay
we think that undoubtedly receipts will show
a marked Increase with a consequent declino
In prices. A very large part of the State's hay
crop was cut this year in districts where there
are no storage facilities. All this hay will
have to be shipped In before tho rains, and
this fact.' combined with reasons we have given
before, makes us believe more firmly than
ever that prices will soon be much lower than
they now are. •
• "Practically the same conditions obtain with
the market as they did last week/ The rango
of prices Is the same, but should shipments be
come more plentiful prices would drop at once.
Tame oat hay, "alone, shows a change, prices
on this grade having dropped off about 60c per
ton. The choice grades of wheat and wheat
and oat are in good demand and they hold their
own firmly, with prices as they were last week.
Alfalfa still continues to come In but sparing
ly, as the farmers are njldlng their prices too
high for the present market.- It looks as though
they would have to com* down with their'fig
ures, as the dairymen vUl not pay such high
prices as sre being asked. .' ¦ v- .
BRAN— $24(225 per ton.
¦ MIDDLINGS— $27©30 per ton.
BHORTS— $24®23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled -Barley.- $22(923 per
Ft W A D C lsts.lOSU Con Tob 4s 66%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4% C F & I con 6s... 80%
L A N unl 4s 98% Manhattan 4s ...100
Mexican Cent 4s. . 74 U S Steel 6s. 70%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 08 Little Chief..... 06
Alice 20 Ontario 6 60
Breece 15 Ophlr .1 45
Brunswick Con.. 03% Phoenix 08
Tomstock Tunnel 07% Potosl 22
Con Cal A Va..l 30 Savage 16
1 Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 64
Iron Silver 175 Small Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 60
BOSTON BTOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westinghouss ... 84
Call loans 8UA4 Mining-
Time loans. ...4%S5 Adventure 8%
Bonds— Allouea 4%
Atchison 4s ..... 98% Amalgamated ... 49%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 74 Blngham 23%
Railroads — Calumet A Hecla.4y2S
Atchleon 63% Centennial 15%. i
Do pfd 87% Copper Range.... 47%
Boston & Albany. 249 iDomlnlon Coal... 96%
Boston A Maine.. 166 Franklin 8
Boston Elevated.. 140 Isle Royal* 6%
N Y. N H A H..195 Mohawic 87
Fltchburg pfd ...133 Did Dominion..... 10%
tTnlon Paclflo .... 76% Dsceola 60 V»
Mexican Central.. 20% Parrot IS
Miscellaneous^ — Qulncy 95
Amer Sugar 115% Santa Fo Copper. 1
Do pfd 118 Tamarack 92
Amer Tel A Tel.. 128 Trtmountain 84
Dominion I & 8.. 14 Trinity 4%
General Electric. 160 United States 19^,
Mass Electric 24 Utah 25%
Do pfd 82 Victoria 8%
United Fruit 102 Wlnona 7
U B Steel 26 Wolverine 65
Do pfd 76
LONDON CLOSING BTOCKS.
Com for money.92 5-16 N Y Central... . .117
Do for acct...92 7-16 Nor AWeet 64%
Anaconda 4U| Do prefd 92
Atchison 65%Ont & Western... 23%
Do prefd 91 Pennsylvania .... 61%
Bait A Ohio 84 Rand Mines 10U
Can Pacific 123 H Reading 24%
Chesa & Ohio 86%| Do 1st prefd 41%
Chi Great West.. 18 Do Zd prefd..'.. 35Vi
C. M & St P 144 Ya Southern Ry .... 22%
De Beers 18% Do prefd 88Ji
Den & Rio G 26Vi South Pacific 4»%
Do prefd 83 Union Pacific 75%
Erie 31 Do prefd 89
Do 1st prefd.... 66% U, 8 Steel 2«M,
Do 2d prefd.... 56 Do prefd 79%
Illinois Central... 130 Wabash «MV*
Louis A Nash 109 Do prefd 40%
Mo. Kan & Tex.. 20%
Bar silver— Quiet. 24%d per oance.
Money — 1%@2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
ehort bills is 2% per cent and for three months
bills 2«i per cent^
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. July 15. — FLOUR — Receipts,
6467; exports, 82,130 barrels. Market was ir
regular and less active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 31,500 bushels. Spot
easy. No. 2 red, 84Vle elevator and 86%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80% c f.
o b. afloat. Options ojoened easy under fav
orable weather and foreign selling, but were
later rallied by higher outside markets, less
favorable threshing returns. Southwest buy
ing, export demand and covering. They
finally broke, however, under bearlfh Wall
street conditions and closed %®%c r.et lower,
exceut December, which wae %c net higher.
Sales: July. S4U@84«*c. cloeed 84%c; Sep
tember. 81%©82'*c. .closed 81%c; , December,
m;<S62%c, closed 82c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Quiet.
LEATHER— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM — Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio quiet. No. 7 Invoice,
6 8-16c mild, quiet. The mark-t for coffee
futures closed steady, net unchaneed to 5
points lower. Sales were 25.760 basrs, includ
ing- August. 4.70<84.75e; September, 8.8Q@>
3.M>c: November. 4.00c; December, 4.25c, and
Mav, 4.99c.
SUGAR— Raw firm. Centrifugal. 90 test,
3%c; molasses sugar, 3 7-16c: refined firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is a
shade firmer though spot demand was quiet.
Common are quoted at 6^5 Vic; choice, 6®tHic;
PRUNES — Spot prunes are steady to -firm,
with holders showing considerable confidence.
Quotations range from 3c "to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS are steady under a moderate
Jobbing demand and coast advices tell .*! of
firmness there, which, however, has had little
effect on local sentiment. Choice are quoted
at 7%@8%c and fancy at 10©12%e.
PEACHES are in moderate Jobbing demand
and are about steady. Choice aro held at
7©7%c and fancy at 8glO%c.
Ne?u York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 15. — Spot tin declined £1
1 5s to £123 in London and futures there were
£1 6b lower at £120 15s. Locally tin was also
lower, closing at $26 90©27 15.
Copper declined 6s In London, spot closing at
£56 10s and futures et £56. In New York
copper was quiet, with lake and electrolytic
closing at $13 C2%@13 75 and casting at $13 25 |
©13 37%.
Lead was unchanged in London at £11 $s 9d
and locally at $4 12%.
Spelter declined 2s Od In London to £20 15s
and was quiet here at $G®6 12%.
Iron closed at 62s 4d In Glasgow and at 46s
4%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet
and unchanged. No. 1 foundry. Northern, is
quoted at $18 MXgl!) 50; No. 2 foundry, North
ern at $17 6O19I8 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
nnd' No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, at $17 750
18 25. Warrants are nominal.
New York Cotton Market. '
NEW YORK, July 15. — The cotton market
orened steady at an advance of 2 to 17 points.
After losing 6 to 20 points there was a rally
on bullish support in the nearby months. Prices
were forced upward until around midday they
were net 10 to 26 points higher. The market
closed very steady at a net advance of 7@17
points.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, July 15. — Wheat showed strength
at the opening, although lt suffered a break
later. The close was weak at a loss of %#%c
Corn ruled steady at a decline from yesterday's
prices, September closing Y*@%c lower. Oats
were also steady, closing %c lower, while pro
visions were strong, showing a gain of from
40c to $1 12%.
Strong cash situation gave strength to
wheat, although at the start weak cables and
favorable weather caused a feeling of weak
ness. September opened %@%c to %c lower
at 77%©77%c to 77%c. Commission houses
proved good buyers at the decline and later
bullish advices from St. Louis and buying
orders from that point resulted in a better
tone and sent September up to 78%c. There
were fair offerings by commission houses and
the advance was not without its setbacks.
Just before the close long wheat, bought earlier
in the day, began to come out and the market
suffered a break in which it had advanced and
the gain was lost. September sold to 77c,
where it closed, at a loss of %@%c. Clear
ances of wheat and flour were equal to 360,019
bushels. Receipts from the Southwest and at
primary markets" were light compared with
last year. Minneapolis and Duluth receipts,
131 cars: local receipts, 68 cars, 19 of con
tract trade.
The show of strength in wheat held the corn
market steady and the local traders, who are
bearishly inclined, offered sparingly. Commis
sion houses supported the market throughout
the session, but were unable to save a break
at the close, when corn followed wheat. Sep
tember opened %c to %c lower, at 60%c to
60% c and closed with a loss of M@%a at 50%
®50%c after having sold up to 60%c and back
to 60%c. Local receipts, 183 cars, 10 of con
tract srade.
Oats were rather quiet but held steady and
within a small range. Influenced largely by
other reasons, and the close reflected the break
in a small degree. September was off %c, at
33%c, after ranging between 33%c, the open
ing figure, and 34%c. Local receipts. 139 cars
There was a spurt in lard Just before the
close when the price of that product soared
Provisions were strong throughout the day on
buying by brokers for the account of local
packers. Local receipts showed a falling off
but kept prices steadily upward. Late In the
session attention was turned to lard. Shorts
made a concentrated rush to co\-er and the
price of September advanced to $8 70, $1 12%
over yesterday's close. September pork closed
70c higher, at $14 90 and ribs showed a gain
of 40c. At $8 70.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. dose
Wheat No 2—
July (old) 76% 77% 76 70 >
July (new) .... 76% 77% 76 70
Sept. (old) ... 77% 78$ 77% 77%
Sept. (new) ... 77% 78V4 70!, 77
Corn No. 2—
July «H4 60% 49% 4»t'
September «W 60% 60$ 60H
December 49% 60% 49% 40%
Oats No. 2—
July 39% 40 no% 39%
September ..... 33% 34U 33% 33%\
December 34% 34% Si% 34%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 14 22% 14 70 14 45 14 70
September 14 25 15 00 14 25 14 90
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September.'!'.'.'.'. 7*6o" 's'724 *7'«6" 8 70^
October 7 47% 8 60 7 47% 8 60 '
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— . .
July 8 40 8 65 8 40. 8 C5
September 8 35 -8 72%. 8 35 8 70
October ...307% 830 8 07% 8 30
Cash quotations were as follows:. Flour un
changed; No.. 3 spring wheat. 76©77c; No.- 2
red, 76©77%c; No. 2 corn, 60J4c; No.- 2 yel-
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26026 50;
jobbing. $27®27 60; Cocoanut Cake. $20021:
Corn Meal. $27 6O@28 60; Cracked Corn. $28 60
@29 50; Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans.
$30 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $10012 50; Wheat and
Oat. $9 60@ll; Oat, $8 60®ll 60; Barley, $8 50
@10 50; Clover, $9810; Stock. $7 60©8 60; Al
falfa. $8@10 per ton.
STRAW— 35®60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Both Beans and Seeds continue quiet and un
changed.
BEANS — Bayos, $3 60®3 70: Pea, $3 250
3 60; Butters, $3 25; small White. $3 16@3 SO;
large White,. $2 00@3 15: Pink. $2 85@3 10;
Red $2 90@3; Lima. $3 45®3 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye, $2 6O@3 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 25@1 85.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $304: Flax. $1 9O#2; Canary. 6%c for
Eastern;' Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, l%f?2%c:
Timothy, 6@6%c; Hemp, 3%®3%c per lb; Mil
let, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $l.Sijf20 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal— none here.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. Prices of new Potatoes were a little firmer,
an receipts were light - and the local demand
for choice stock was steady. ¦ Small lots of
attractive stock In boxes, and sacks continued
to command a premium over . the maximum
rates. Old Burbanks were easy at the recently
revised quotations. The demand for seed pur
poses, is about filled. Onions moved off fairly
and prices were maintained.
Vegetables arrived freely and trading was
chiefly local in character. Tomatoes, Cucum
bers and -String Beans were In heavy receipt
and prices declined. Choice offerings of Green
Corn, Asparagus and Peas met with, prompt
sale at steady prices. Green Okra and Egg
Plant were offering freely and quoted lower.
The other vegetables stood about the same.
POTATOES— New White, 75e<f $1 10 per etl
In sacks and $1^J1 50 In boxes, with some fan
cy higher; Early Rose, 85c@$l; Garnet Chile*,
$l@l 15; old Burbanks from Oregon, $1 330
1 60 oer cU.
ONIONS— Red. 25©40c per sack; Sllversklns,
65@70c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Com, ,$1@1 25 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 25<j?l 60: from
Berkeley, *1 ; Asparagus. I $2 25<g>2 50 per box
for extra fancy. $1 76@2 for No. 1 and ! $1©
1 5Q for No. 2; Green-Peas, 3@5c per lb; String
Beans. 2%@4c per lb; Wax. 2%@4e; Tomatoes.
C0@85o for email boxes and $1 60ig-2 for large
boxes from the river: Summer Squash, $1(§1 25
per box; Cabbage, 75cQ$l per ctl: Carrots, 75c
6$1 per sack: 'Cucumbers. 30@40c per box for
Marysvllle and 75c®*l 25 for bay; Garlic, 2%©
3%o per lb; Dried Peppers, 3c per lb; Green
Peppers. 75c@$l 25 per box; Green Okra. 10®
12^c per lb; Egg Plant, $1 25©1 50 per box.
. Poultry and Game.
The receipts of domestic Poultry continued
large, and as retailers were well supplied the
market had an easier tone and prices for young
stock were generally lower. There was a fair
Inquiry for good heavy Hens and Roosters, but
small stock, such as Fryers and . Broilers, were
dragging. No more Western • came in, but a
; car was reported close at hand and will be In
to-day or to-morrow. Game was quiet at un
changed price3.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal: Geeee.
per pair. $1@1 25: Goslings. $1#1 25: Ducks,
$304 per dozen for pld and $3 50®4 60 for
young; Hens. $4 50<55 50; young Roosters. $6
<j?8: old Roosters. $4g5; Fryers. $4g-5; Broilers,
$;?@3 50 for large and $2@2 60 for small:
r, g £° ns ' $1 B0 ® 1 75 per dozen for old and
$1 60®l 75 for squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25@1 60 per dozen.
Hare. $1@1 25; Wild Doves. $1®1 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The trade reported Butter. Cheesa and Eggs
all more or less weak yesterday, saying that
the recent advance has checked the demand all
along the line. Eggs, as previously mentioned,
are being taken out of cold storage, and a car
of Eastern Butter will be placed on the market
to-day at 24c per lb. Prices for all three de
scriptions, however, remain unchanged.
Receipts were ai,200 lbs Butter, 1211 cases
Eggs and 34,000 lbs Cheese.
BL TIER— Creamery. 24He26c; dairy. 22%@
24c; store Butter. 17i&20c; Eastern. 23@24c 7er
1 -, C ,?S? SE ~ New ' 12013c; Young America.
13? per^nT" 1 ' 15 *® 16c: Wc «ern. 12%@
->->5i GC^? — Ranch. 23025c for white and 21@
t-i?, c n forralxed colors; store. 16@20c; Eastern,
17@l9c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
rt«I^ /T 181 ** 1 , w as amply supplied with all
descriptions of small orchard fruits and prices
had but little variation. Apricots. Peaches,
Pears. Plums and Prune* in small crates suit
ably packed for shipping, were in demand for
shipment north on . the Sound steamer but
! supplies were too plemlful to permit any great
advance. Basket fruit from the river was in
rather limited supply and cleaned up quickly
at good prices. Receipts of Apricots from that
section were very ll*ht and the season is
practically over. Offerings of . this fruit in
bulk were eagerly sought after by the canners
and only poor and small stock sold below $25
per ton. Well colored Gravensteln Apples
were In demand at $1 25@1 60 per box but
trashy Apples were neglected. Figs and Cher
ries were in moderate receipt and sold off well
The latter had a slight advance. Five crates
of White Nectarines, the first of the season,
were received from Vacavllle and were of
fering at $1 per crate. Several crates of
Fontalnebleau Grapes came In from the same
Place and sold nt $1 2501 00 per crate. Grapes
from other sections were generally of poor
quality and moved slowly. Melons were easy
at lower figures. Five more cars of Water
melons were in from Fresno. Berries stood
about as previously quoted, the demand for
choice offerings being steady.
Stocks of Mexican Limes are heavy and as
the demand Is rather slack, owing to the cool
weather, prices are easier. Oranges and
Lemons stand as previously quoted. A car of
fancy Valenclas came in yesterday and 6old
at J2 75®3 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and Mli'.l for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $560 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $2®3 per chest
BLACKBERRIES— *2 SO<&-J per chest.
CURRANTS— *2 50@3 50 per chest.
APPLES— 50cift$l 50 per box; Crabapples. 30
@50o for small boxes and H0@85c for large.
PEARS — Bartl«-tts, $1@1 13 per box for
choice and 25075c for common; Dearborn
Seedlings, 50@60c per box and 30®50c per
basket.
FIGS — Single-layer, 25©35c per drawer;
double-layer. 50®05c per drawer; large boxes
from the river 75c@$l.
PLUMS — 25®40c per box, 40@65c per crate
and 20@3r>c per basket*
. PRUNES— Tragedy, 50®COc per crate and
25<g50c per basket; Stmonl. 60<g75c per crate.
CHERRIES — Royal Anne. C5@75c per box
and 6@Sc per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS — J0©75c per box or crate; in
bulk. $2iC?35 per ton.
PEACHES— 50<g65c for small boxes, with
some fancy higher; baskets from the river,
35$C0c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella. $2@
2 50 per crate; from Bakersfleld. $1 7502 60;
from Winters. $3i@3 CO: Nutmeg Melons from
the river, $1 60®2 per box; Watermelons from
Coachella. 10@25c each; from Fresno. $103 per
per doz.
GRAPES— 75@85c for Seedless and 85@fl for
Black Malvoise. »
CITRUS FRUITS — Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges, $1 50®2 60 per box; Seedlings,
$101 25;- Valencies, $1 75@3; St. Michaels,
$1 60@2 75. Lemons. 75c®$l for standard.
$1 25©1 75 for choice and $2©2 75 for fancy:
Grape Fruit. $l@t 25; Mexican Limes, $4 50
@5; Bananas. $1 60&2 50 per bunch for Cen
tral American and . 73c@$l 60 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $2®3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
With the exception of Apricots, quotations
for everything under this head are almost
wholly nominal. There Is no business report
ed In new Peaches or Apples yet, and the re
ports of sales of new Prunes to Europe on a
basis of 3c for Santa Clara stock, four sizes,
lack positive confirmation.
FRUITS — New Apricots 7@8c; old Apricots.
«%©-7%c for Royal and 7©9c for ordinary
Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4«3%e: sun
dried 3®4c; Peaches 4®5%c: Peers, 4®4%c
for quarters and 5®6%c for halves; Nectarines.
465c for white; Plums. 4Q6c for oltted and
Kg)l%c for unpltted: Figs, 3%®lc for black
and 4®5c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%@2%c for the four
si*es, with %®lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 60-lb boxes. 6%o per
lb- 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless SultanaB, Be; Seedless
Thompsons, 5%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes. $2 50; «-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes," $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice, 7 %c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12%@13c;
No 2 10%©H%c: No. 1 hardshell. ll%®12c;
No 2 10©lC%e; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%@'llc for I X L, 10fcl0%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8S8%C for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5#7c
for Eastern; Pecans,' 11 S 13c; Cocoanuts, $1 60
25.
HONEY— Comb new, nominal; new water
white extracted. 6%06c; light amber extract
ed 5®5%c; dark, nominal. ,
BEESWAX— 27©2l»c Der lb.
Provisions.
¦ Chicago took a sudden turn upward. Lard
leading with a unary advance. The rise was
ascribed to speculative manipulation. This
market showed no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light. 15%o
for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and lUo
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, 15%c; California Hams, 14%®16c; Mess
Beef $11 60012 per bbl; extra Mess, $12W
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $1U;
extra clear, $26; Mess. $20: Dry Salted. Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 16c per lb. <sbsMMM
LAKD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9%©10ftc for pure; half bar-
Exchange and Bullion.
rels, pure. 10®10%c: 10-lb tins. 10%Ollc; B-Ib
tins, lO%0H%c; S-lb tins, 10%OUtte.
, COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels. 9%o; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, $%e per lb.
Hides,' Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%e under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9%c; light, 6%c; Cow
Hides, 8%e for heavy and S%c for light; Stags,
7c; Salted Klx>, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10%e; dry Hides, 16%c; dry Kip. 14c;
dry Calf, 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25030c
each; short wool. 40® 65c each; medium. 70©
90c; long wool, $1®1 60 each; Horse Hides,
ealt, $2 76 for large and $2 60 for medium. $2
for small and 6O0 for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium, $101 23
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dr>
Mexican. 32%c; dry aalted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American, 33c. Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras. 76c; large and smooth. 6O0; medium,
36c; small, 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5®5%c per lb;
, No. 2. 4%O4%c; grease. 2%@3%c.
I WOOL— Fall cllt>— San Joaquln Lambs'. 9®
lie Quotations for sprint; clip are- as follows:
HumboMt and Mendocino. 18©20c; Foothill,
defective. 11618c; Nevada, 12916c; San Joa
quln, defective. 9811c per lb; Southern, OQ
lie; Valley Oregon, fine, 17©18c: do. medium.
16@17c; do, coarse, 15016c: Lambs', 16c per
pound.
HOPS — 15©18c per lb. . . .
Meat Market.
There Is no further change In this market
• • DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ]
BEEF— 0%<37i$c for Steers and 5%©8%o per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. 9®9%o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@»c: Ewes, 858%o
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10@10%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8%C9%o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, lesa 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 800c; Cowa and Heifers,
7© 8c: thin Cows. 4@5o per lb.
CALVES — !©5%o.per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%@3%o per lb
(gross weight). _ 1
LAMBS— Spring, (2 75®3 per bead.
HOQS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 6K06tte:
under 140 lbs, 5%$6o; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars. 60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise! *:j
BAGS— Grajn Bags. 4.7535c; San Quentln,
6.55c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Fleece Twine, 7%@
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6Hc, 6%c and 7#c for
the three , grades.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling,
ton. $8; Seattle, $0 60; Bryant, la 50: Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; Walljend.
$7 50; Richmond, $7 60: Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite
Egg, $13; Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $S 50
per ton; Coke. $11 5O©13 person in bulk and
$15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and fS 50 per ton, according
to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the de
parture of the steamer Sierra there have been
the following arrivals of coal from Newcastle
N. S. \V.. viz: the Hollywood. 2580 tons; Loch
Carron. 2941 tons; total. 5321 tons. Thes« two
cargoes were much needed, delivery ¦ of same
being made from ship's side to consumers.
Within the next thirty days we should have
sixteen coal arrivals from Australia, with
about 45,000 torn. All of these cargoes have
passed out of first hands, hence the market
will not be disturbed. There are still seventy
eight vessels on the chartered list to carry
coal for us from Newcastle and Sydney,
twenty-seven of which have already sailed,
and the remainder should all arrive here prior
to the end of the year. About 70.000 tons of
Japanese coal were negotiated for about sixty
days ago. 60.000 »f which will go to the
Southern Pacific, and about 20,000 tons to the
Canadian Pacific Railroad in British Columbia.
The delivery prices were very low. a,nd will
make an inroad Into sales of Australian. The
miners in British Columbia are returning to
work, and coal shipments from there will com
mence again In the near future, so that there
will be no scarcity for a few months for fuel
of all kinds, as the outlook Is that lower
prices should rule. There Is marked advan
tage for coal as a steam fuel In the future, as
producers of oil have materially advanced their
prices for future deliveries. Oil contracts are
being made at an advance of fully twenty-five
per cent., extending over a very long time for
future delivery."
OIL — Linseed. 49c for boiled and 46e for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil, in cases.
No. 1 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c for
boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil, ex
tra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 67%#62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm. fJure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 60tJ53c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, in barrels. 43c; cases, 50c; Cocoa
nut Oil. In barrels. 6Sc for Ceylon and 56c for
Australian. . .
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20%c; Astral, 20%c;
Star, 20%c: Extra Star, 24 %c; Elaine, 26%c;
Eocene, 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 17c; In cases, 23%c: Benzine, in balk,
13c; in cases, 19%e: 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c; in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 70c per gallon in eases and
64c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6®
6%c per lb; White Lead, 6®6%c. according to
quantity.
'RICE— China No. 2. $1 32%®4 37%: No. 1
$5 75<§5 00; extra No. 1. $6 40©6 45; Hawaiian
$4 OiMij: Japan. $5 35®6; Louisiana. $4 60)67.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c; 1
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 6.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 5.40e: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.30c; Confectioners' A.
5.40c: Magnolia A, 5c; Extra C. 4.90c; Golden
C, 4.80c: "D," 4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more: 60- lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half- barrels.
5.90c: boxes. 6.15c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.;
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 15.
Flour, qr sks... 17,4601 Wool, tons 231
Wheat, ctls 11,9'SlFeed. sks 100
Barley, ctls 51,023 fcreenlngs, eks.. 200
Oats, ctls 2,455 Shorts, sks 2i»»
Corn ctls 00 Tallow, ctls.... 230
Rye. ctls 300 Pelts. No 1.150
Beans, sks 850; Quicksilver, flks. ICO
Potatoes, sks... 2.7001 Leather, rolls... 2XJ
Onions, sks 706|Wlne. gals 112,000
Bran, sks 14)Lime. bbls 241
Middlings, sks.. 150 Brandy, gals.... 1,500
Hay, tons: l.CSa'
LAP lcm 3s.lO3%ltM% (1906)Sr B. — 1MH
Mkt-st C ««. — — <190«) .... — 10m
Do lcm 8s. 117% — (1912) — 11S%
N R of C 6s. — 109 8 P C leg3a.l2Ot4 _
Do 5a U8%121 Do stmp..lOT% —
N P C RR5s. — 108% S P B R 6s. — 140
N C Ry 3s. — 114% 3 V Wat 6s. — 107fi
NCPCBs.,100 — Do 4s 2dm. — 101
N S R 6s — 10O Do 4s 3.1m. 09^100^
O G L H 5s.H0 — I Stkn GAE 6s — 102
Oak T 6s.... — 122 | U G & E 5s. — 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 63 62 I Port Costa.. 64 6SH
Maria Co 60% — ( Spring Val.. 84% S9
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. . 6 6% 9ac E G&K 39 —
Eqult Gas... — 6 S F- G &. E. 67% «St£
Mutual E L. 13 13% S F Gas.... 3 3H
P&c G Imp.. 52% 51 U Stkn O 9 E. o —
Pac I* Co.... 63 57 lu O & E.... 84ft —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
8FO&B. 65 — /
INSURANCE.
Flremn's Fd. — — / *
BANK STOCKS.
Am NatI Bk.125 — 1 Lcn P 4 A.l«5 —
Anglo-C&l ..94 — Mer Trust... 200 230
Bank of CaL625 — Mer Ex 65 73
C 8 D A T..142%160 3 F National — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. . — 2275 Sav A L So. 90 —
Hum SAL.— — ee Sar Bk..40O 600
Mut 8 Bank. 85 — Union T Co.2150 — . ¦ . • S
8 F Sav U..C0O 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 I Presidio .... — O
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant ....... T2% 73UfVIgorit — B%-
SUOAR.
Hana. P Co. 30 40 Kllauea 8 C. — T*£
H C A 8... 40 — Makaweli S. 21 24Va
Honokaa S C 10% ll'.i Onomea, 8 C. 22 22Va
Hutch S P C 12% — Paauhau S C — 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alask Pack..l50 — | Oceanic S Co T —
Cal Fruit As. 83% — I Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 99%IPac C Borax. 166 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 California Fruit Canners ~. 8O 00
100 Central Light and Power 6 O
60 Hana Plantation Company 40
50 S F Gas and Electric Company.. 68 ©0
Street Sales —
160 Central Light and Power $3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers' Association.... 150 25
35 Cal Fruit Canners SO 00
100 Central Light and Power 5 25
6 Giant Powder Con 73 CO
60 Hana Plantation Company 37%
150 S F Gas and Electric Company. . 68 00
Street Bales—
$1000 S P of Arizona. 15)09 107 M
$1000 S P of Arizona. 1910 10S 60
California Stock and Oil Ex change
Four Oil dividend of la per share payable to
day.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Caribou OH Co S3
Four Oil 72
Hanford Oil 1 13 1 18
Home Oil 2 03 3 00
Imperial Oil IS 00 19 00
Independence Oil 10 IS
Junction Oil 21 22
Kern Oil 6 25 6 60
Lien Oil OA 07
Monte Crlsto Oil 07% 1 00
Monarch OH 62 63
OH City Petroleum 29 30
Peerless Oil 14 00
Reed Crude Otl 37 40
San Joaquln Oil 6 75 0 60
Sterling Oil 2 90 3 10
Thirty-Three Oil 8 50
Twenty-Eight Oil 3 60
Union Oil 68 00
United Petroleum 119 00
West Shore Oil 3 60
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement. 1 20 1 4O
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 03 00 100 CO
Cal. Cotton Mills 83 00 ;.
Cal. Jockey Club 105 00
Cal. Shipping Co 25 00
Cal. Title Ins. and Trust ... 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00 ¦
Chutes Company 960
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 12%
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar ..... 19 00
Northern Cal. Power ..... • 0 73
Nevada National Bank 223 CO
North Shore Railroad 10 CO
Orpheum Company Id 00
Pacific States Tel. & Tel 122 60
Paraffins Paint 83 00 ......
Postal Device & Improve 2 23
San Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 00
Sausallto Land A Ferry.... 16 00
Sperry Flour Company 3200
Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electric 13 CO lfl 00
Union Sugar 22 60 ......
United Gas & Electric 34 60 nuts
OFFICIAL SALES.
Mornlns Sale*.
Board —
100 Nevada County Oil 30
23 Monarch Oil 62
600 Independence Oil <C60).... 17
50O Independence Oil 18
10 Sterling Oil 2 90
200 Home Oil 3 CO
6C0 Fisher R. Theater Co 2 SO
Afternoon Sales.
500 Independence Oil lfl
100 Junction Oil 22
4200 Associated Oil Co. Stock 24
1000 Sovereign Oil 38
Street —
300 Twenty-Eight Oil 4 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran'
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 44 100 Ophlr 1 M
400 Imperial Oft 200 Utah 3T
100 Mexican 1 10 100 Utah 3t»
Afternoon Session.
300 Ophir 1 6.V 100 Utah ST
ICO Con Cal A Va.1 45 100 Overman .... 2!»
200 Chollar 21 10O Overman ..... 2*
4C0 Hale A Nor.. 66 200 Justice 14 /
100 YeUow Jacket 70! . \
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the PactflO
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 4-1 200 Ophir I «O
ICO Best A Be.lch.2 05 200 Sierra Nerad 6*
10O C C & Va...l 47% 200 Silver Hill.. 89
400 CC& Va...l 4.1 200 Union Con.. M
COO Con N. York l.H .WO Union Con .. 87
ICO Mexican ....I 07% 300 YeUow Jack. Tl
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 42 SCO Overman ... 27
600 Caledonia ...1 SO 400 Sierra Nevad M
SCO Chollar 20 40O Union Con.. «7
20O C C A Va...l 45 70O Union Con.. 88
500 Hale A Norc. 5rt 300 Utah 3fl
300 Mexican ....1 10 400 Yellow Jack. 70
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanza .... OtiflOOO Paymaster ... 17
10O Eaperanza .... U7 1250 Rescue it
900 MacNamara .. 2fl'20O Tono N Star... 60
600 Montana Ton.. S312000 United Tono... Id
Afternoon Session.
100O Esperanza .... 07| 3OO Tono N Star.. 37
1500 Esperanza .... 061 200 Tono N Star. . 6<S
270 Gold Mt Con.. 10 800 Tono N Star.. 65
10OO Montana. Tono. 10 600 Montana Tono. 83
200 Paymaster .... tt
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 15—3:30 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ophir .V.I 66 1 60'Slerra Nevada 63 69
The only change worthy of note yesterday
was a decline in Gas and Electric to f6S. as
compared with $70 on Tuesday. Business con
tinued dull all around.
The following were ex-dlvldend yesterday:
Four Oil Company, resrular monthly, lc per
share, amounting to $3000; Wells, Fargo &
Co., a rejrular semi-annual dividend of li per
cent and an extra dividend of 1% per cent;
the Western Union Telegraph Company, a reg
ular auarterly dividend of 1% per cent: the
Pacific Surety Company, the regular quarterly
dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum;
the Empire State-Idaho Mining and Develop
ing Company, a monthly dividend of % of 1
per cent: the Daly West Mining Company of
Utah, a regular monthly dividend of CO cents;
Contra Custa Water Company, regular month
ly, 32 cents per share, amounting to $19,24S 32;
Port Costa Water Company, regular monthly.
30 cents per share, amounting to $1500; United
Gas and Electric Company, regular monthly.
15 cents per share, amounting to $3342 90;
Bank of California, regular quarterly, $4 per
share, amounting to $SO.00O; California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, regular quarterly.
$1 SO per chare, amounting to $15,000; Presi
dio Railioad Company, regular monthly. 20
cents per share, amounting to $2000; Nevada
National Bank, regularly semi-annual, $3 SO
per share, amounting to $105,000.
Hereafter ttie afternoon session of the San
Francisco and Tonopah Exchange will be held
at 2 o'clock. Instead of 2:30. as> formerly.
The Overman Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents per share.
The Mission Bank, organized and controlled
by the Bank of California, opened for business
In its new building, corner of Sixteenth street
and Julian avenue, yesterday. The capital Is
$200,000. of which $100,000 Is paid up. James
Rolph Jr. Is president. Frank B. Anderson vice
president, Stuart F. Smith cashier and James
M. Allen secretary. '
The stockholders of the Bank of California
held a special meeting yesterday and decided
' to lncreaat the capital stock of the corpora
tion froifj $2,000, 000 to $3,000,000. The new
stock will be offered to shareholders at *;;<io
per share and must be subscribed for before
September 15, 1903.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY, July 15—2 p. m.
UNITED STATE3 BOND8.
Bld.Ask.1 Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup... — 111% 4s q c (new).135%l^a
4s qr reg 111 111V3» qr coup. ..107% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 6s..... — —
Bay CPC 6s. — 105% Do cen 5s. — 105%
C C G&B 5s. — 107H Ok WCogtdSs — 100
Cal O A E g Oceanic SC5s 75 &?
m and ct5s — — Om C R 6s. 124 125
Cal-st C 5s.. — Pae G Impls 05 —
C C Wat 6s. — 106 P E Ry 6s.. — 108 -
EdL&P6s.l28 129% P A C R 6s. — —
F&CIR 6s. 116% — P&ORes. — —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st fis.116% —
H C&S 5%s.lO2% — 8 E GAR 6s. — 104»i
C H A S 5s. 95 BS 8F A 6JV5a. — 121
Hon R T Cs. — 108 S R of C 6s.llO%H2%
L A Elec 5s. — — 3 P of A «s
L A Ry 6s.. — 115% UOOO) 107%lW
L A L C 6s. — — (1910) — 109U
t>o gtd 6s. — — 3 P of C 6a
Do ctd 6s. 109 — (190:.)Sr A. 10314 —
Weather Report.
f!20ib Meridiar.— Pacific Time.)
6AX FRANXnSCO. Ju'.y 15 — 6 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
S & flp! Si I
stations. ? £2 1 3 •? £
c c - • ts
: ? ? : : :
Baker 29.94 K2 4S NW Clear .00
<*rf«5n 29. S2 78 6S W Clear .00
Kureka 3«.fiK 64 46 SW Cloudy .00
Kreeno 29. *6 »S «O NW Clear .00
Flagstaff £?.*0 76 «O \V Cloudy .06
Independence .251.74 »0 66 %V Pt.CIdy .00
l^f. Ar.ge>s..2».P2 «»« C4 TV Clear .00:
Mt Terrja.lpe.is.30. 02 «5 f,2 en Clear -00 1
North Head.^.SO.02 5S r.2 NW Oear .00
Phoenix 29.83 M 7S NW Cloudy .62
Pocatello £».84 feS 4S EW Cloudy .W
Portland 29.9ft 84 64 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 29. OS 68 4fi NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.88 M 62 gE Clear .00
Ros^bunr 2».fll K6 48 N Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..23.W4 78 f.2 KW Clear .00
Salt Lake 2?. SO P2 €2 S Cloudy .00
San Franeitco.S0.O4 02 60 W Clear .O<>
S. L Obispc .30.00 « 44 W Clear .00
f-an Diego 29. »4 72 04 SW Cloudy .(«)
Seattle KM* 72 4S NW Clear .00
Fpokane 30.02 80 44 N Clear .00
Tatoosh 4S
Walla Walla. 29. 92 90 .v> N Clear .00
M'lr.nemucca 66 .... ••
Yuma 20.82 P2 KO SW Clear .04
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over Arizona. Ne
vada, Utah end Idaho, and fair weather In
other districts west cf the Rocky Mountains,
fihewer* are reported from Arizona and South
ern Utah. Thunderstorms have occurred at
Flagstaff and Phoenix.
The j>r<:-sFure has fallen over the northern
pertJoe cf the Pacific slope and risen over Cal
ifornia and Ariioca.
The trrr.r>ere.tur« i has ripen over Washington
ar.d Oregon and fallen over Southern Utah and
Arizona: in etner districts the changes have
t*«i slight. Throughout California the tem
peratures are below the normal.
ForecaFt made at San Francisco for SO hours
radlnsj midnight. July 16:
Northern California — Fair Thursday except
cloudy on the northwest coast; fresh west
wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday, prob
ably showers Jn the mountains; light west
wind.
Nf-vaSft— Fair Thursday.
Ssn Frar.ctsco ar.d vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fn-fh west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster, Temporarily In Charge.
Fruit ar.d Weather Bulletin.
Ycr the twenty-focr hours ending 5 p. m..
12Otfc meridian tSrr.e, San Francisco. July 15:
S 21 3 2 O <
?= c »>— *•* <~ -- —
b&Ib l $ 2* =1 H
e£ee r= -g, »» a-Q
BTATIOXS. I 3 £ |= ? ; o ! &
OloverCa'.e .... ''2 4f» .<*) Cl^ar .... ...
Colusa m; 65 .00 Clear
Eureka f-4 4'i .00 Cloudy SW 10
Fresno fts «o .00 Clear NW Lt.
Hanrcrd \>T> W> .f<0 Clear
HolMster B3 47 .«0 Clear
Independence ¦• «0 m .(*! Pt Cldy W 8
King City S7 W .00 Clear N LC
Llverrnor* ho 49 M> Clear
Log Angeles *<> «4 .'X> Clear W 8
Napa 75 49 .00 Clear EW ...
Xtwmwi OS 50 .00 Clear
1-fclermo ?» tA .00 Clear S
Tl*d Bluff fc<* «3 .<iO Clear SW 8
Riverside 32 C4 Tr. Pt Cldy
Sacra raesto ... M f-2 .«J0 Clear SW 8
San D:ego 72 64 .00 Cloudy SW Lt.
far. Francisco.. C2 M .00 Clear W 20
S. L. Ob^po... *2 C4 .00 Clear W 6
Santa Roea 73 48 .00 Clear
Stockton 85 f.7 .00 Clear
WKlows K5 55 .00 Clear 8
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
W!!!ow6 — Wheat "till turning out well.
liolllfter — Weather favorable for fnilt Cry
ing: fruit doing well.
CoJuta — Crc-p conditions unchanged.
Nara — Fogey morningr; crop conditions un
changed.
Palermo — Pear crcp still promises well.
King City — Cool ncrth wind.
fctoekton— Third crop alfalfa being cut with
good returns.
Llvrnnore — Apricots ell ripe; peaches nearly
all ripe.
Newman — Harvesting will be all finished by
this week.
niverelde — Humidity 24: uncomfortable day.
. OloverdaJe— Fruit conditions unchanged.
Fanta Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Haaford— Harvesting wheat and barley; fruit
crep very rood.
GEORGE H. WILLBON. Section Director.
adjust themselves to the level of the. money
market That money Is at present In active
demand at high rate* and is likely to continue
*o for a considerable period is a Just Inference
from all the existing phenomena in the money
market and the stock market. News from
various points of projects of combination of
gas. electric and trolley companies show
sources for additional demands for money.
Forr.e declines In high grade Investment stocks
to-day ran all the way from 4 to 20 points and
included such stocks as General Electric. West
inKhouse Electric, the New York Chicago A
St. Louis etocks. Nashville. Chattanooga A
Ft. Louis. Lackawanna, Delaware A Hudson,
nttBburg. Chicago. Cincinnati. Cleveland A
St. Louis. United States Express. Bt. Paul pre
ferred. Brooklyn Union Gas Buffalo, Rochester
& Pittsburg. Long Island, etc.
In the active lift. Pennsylvania. New York
Central and the Pacifies and United States
Steel stocks were most heavily sold. There
were enormous ehort coverings at different
times during the day. the breaking out of de
pression at new points being used to oover
to advantage where declines had already oc
curred.
The routine news of the day. outside of the
money situation, was entirely ignored. The
closing was rather irregular, owing to some
fresh recessions just at the last.
The bond market reflected the pressure of
liquidation rather more generally than hereto
fore and there were declines of ISlij per cent,
in many favorite bonds of what might be call
ed a secondary grade. Losses among the
speculative issues reached as high as 3 or 4*i
in some cases. Total sales, fpar value) $3,
7SO.O00.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison C».2OO 63% 62\i 63%
Atcpison rfd 7.600 89 87 V; 87U
Baltimore & Ohio. 47.100 82% bO^t 8l4*
Ealt & Ohio pfd .... ©2
Canadian Pacific . 38,800 J2OV4 119% 119%
Cent of New Jersey ¦ 153
Ches & Ohio 5,200 35% 32% 34%
Chicago & Alton .. 2,900 C5 24 24%
Chi & Alton pfd... 1.000 69% 66% 66*
Chicago A Gt West 4,800 17% 16% 16*i
C & G W B pfd... 10O 33% 83% 33»i
Chicago & x w.. 1.800 163 161% 162%
Chi Term & Trans. 600 12*4 12 12
Chi T i T pfd 1.600 214 19% 2H4
C C C & St Louis.. 1,100 78% 76 7T
Colorado Southern. 1.900 15 13 14%
Colo So let pfd 700 63% 52 f>2%
Colo So 2d pfd 1,300 23 22 22%
l>e!a & Hudson... B.600 1«6% 161% lOSl,
Del Lack & West.. 2.400 Ui<> 238 238
Denver & Rio Gr. . 1,000 2T. 24 - 24 V.
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 4,000 7fc»i 78% '7S*4
Erie 4S,00«> 30% 29^, SO'm
Erie iFt pM S),70!> C5% 63^ 64 \i
Erie 2i pfd 900 54 53Vi 63ft
Gt Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley .. 1,300 79% 75 7%%
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 kfi% 85 84
Illinois Central .. 10,600 126^4 125V, 12«
Iawa Central i 21
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 40 40 39
K C Southern 300 22^ 21% 22
K C Southern pfd. 200 42 41 41
Louisv & Nashr .. 6.300 ifWVi 105 lf»5»i
Manhattan L 7.100 132% 129% 131
Metropcr Street Ry 4,000 118% 117 117
Minn A: St Louis 77
Missouri Pacific .. 69.500 £7% 90% 07%
1 Mis Kans & Texas. 3.000 20% 19% 20%
M K & T pfd 3.300 43% 41% 42%
Xat R R of Mexico 18
N R R of Mcx pfd 100 88% 38% 38
N Y Central 37,500 114% 112% 114%
Norfolk & West .. 8,200 63 60% C2%
Nor & Wen pfd 87
Ontario & West .. 9,900 23% 22 22%
Pennsylvania 83.000 120 s "- 118% 119%
P C C & St Louis. . 1.300 71 67 70
Reading 47,500 48% 47 48%
Reading 1st pfd ... 2*> 82y £1 61
Reading 2d pfd ... 300 68 67 67%
Rock Island 47.000 30% 28% 29%
Rook Island pfd... 1,000 69% 67% 69
St L & S F 2d pfd. »00 58 66% 66
Et Louis 8 W 000 14% 13% 14
6t Louis 6 W pfd. 1.800 34 S2 32%
St Paul 97,500 141*4 139 H0%
St Paul pfd 300 170 1G9 170
Southern Pacific .. 49,000 45% 44% 45%
Southern Railway. 4,500 22% 21% 22
Southern Ry pfd.. 600 86% 85% 86
Texas & Pacific ... 6,800 26% 25% 26%
Tol Bt L & West. . 600 25% 24 23
TBtL&Wpfd... 300 44 42% 42%
Union Pacific 88,500 77 75 76%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.000 M 83 85%;
Wabash 1.100 22 21% 21<2
Wabaeh pfd 6,100 £9 37% 38%
Wheel & Lake Erie 200 19 19 18
Wisconsin Central. 800 - 18 17% 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 600 38% 38 37%
Express Companies —
Adam* 221
American 300 17B 179 178
United State* 200 1C5 101 100
Wells-Fargo 185
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper... 49.300 49% 48% 49
Araer Car & Found 2,200 35% 35 35
Amcr Car & F pfd. 7.900 87 86% 86
Amtr Linseed Oil •.... 10
Amer Lin Oil pfd 32
Amer Locomotive.. 2,600 20% 19% 20%
Amer Loco pfd 88%
Amer Smelt & Ref. 4.500 43% 42 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 700 01% DO fiO
Amer Sugar Ref.. 11,000 116% 114% 115%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 700 fiO% | 79% 79
Brooklyn K Transit 22,100 62% \49% 60-
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3.800 61% 69 60
Colum & H Coal.. 1,900 16% 15 15%
Consolidated Gas... 6.300 1S4 181% 184
General Electric... 6,700 171 157 1C2%
InternU Paper BOO 13% 18% 13%
Interntl Paper pfd. 200 6» 67% 67
InternU Pump 100 37% 37% 37%
Interntl Pump pfd ..".. 77%
National Biscuit... 100 37% 37% 37
National Lead 400 15% 15% 15%
North American... 200 83% 80 82%
Pacific Mail.; 1.000 25% 23% 24%
People's Gas 9,800 85% 84% 85%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,800 49% 47 471?
Pressed S Car pM. 5,700 S5% 84% 83%
Pullman Palace Car 600 1B9 196 196
Republic Steel 1.000 13% 12% 13U
Republic Steel pfd. 1,000 72% 70% 7llt
Rubber Goods 400 21% 20% 20%
Rubber Goods pfd. 600 75 74% 75
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 6,000 47% 45 aqu.
U K Leather 2.700 8 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd... 3.000 81% 78% 78%
U S Rubber 600 12 ii2 ,7 5
JT 8 Rubber pfd... 300 48% 48% 47
U S Steel 85,000 27% 25% 2(5
H- 8 . Bieel pfd 34 - 100 ™% 75% 70ii
>ie6tern Union .... 1,100 83 82% 82%
Total sales 1.190.700 shares. . 'S. -"
UNITED RAILROADS OF 8AN FRANCISCO
K»n E^,J ORK - £ Uly . I 5 — United Railroads of
-mi Franclsco bond transactions: 22,000 at
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg.,.106%» Do 1st Inc 19U
Do coupon 106% Minn & St L 4s.. 00%
Do 3s. reg 107% M. K & T 4s 1)5
Do coupon 108% Do 2ds ........ 79%
Do new 4s. reg. 134% N Y On lsts 95%
Do coupon 135% Do gen 3%s ft«
Do old 4s. reg.. Ill N J Cen ren 6s.. 128
Do coupon Ill Northern Pac 4s.. 100%
Do 5s, reg 101% Do 3s 7ii7
Do coupon 103 N & W con 4s 97U
Atchison gen 4s.. 99% Prnn 8%s ....... 04U
Do adj 4s M%)Readlng gen 4s... 04%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100 Rock Island 4s... 77%
Do 3%s 01% BtL & I M con os.110%
Do conv 4s 100 ISt L A H F 4s... J>6%
Can Southern 2ds.lO6 St L 8 W lsts... P9U
?>ntral of Ga 6s. .102%) Do 2ds 74
Do 1st Inc 72 8 A & A P 4s.... 78U
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO3 |Southern Pac 4s.. 86%
Chi A Alton 3%e. 74%:Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
C. B & Q new 4s. «0%,Texas A Pac lsts. 115
C, M&StP gen 4s|108 !T, fit L A W 4s. 74«
C & N W con 7s.. 130% Union Pacific 4s.. 98%
C. II I & P 4l 100% Do conv 4s 93%
CCC A StL gen 4s 86 Wabash lsts 114
Chicago Term 4s. 78 Do 2ds 109
Colo & South 4s.. 87 Do deb H 63 '
Den A Rio G 4s. 88 West 6hore 4s. ..107 '
Erie prior lien 4s. 86 Wheel A I> E 4s. 89%
Do gen 4s b2 Wisconsin Cen 4a. s"!i
low, 50%c; No. 2 oats, 36%c; No. 3 white,
85g39Hc: No. 2 rye. 49%@31c; pood feeding
barley, 47c; fair to choice malting, 4<?©50c; No,
1 flaxseed, 97o; No. 1 Northwestern. "$1 01;
prime timothy seed, $3 40; mesa pork, per
bbl. $14@14 75; lard, per 106 lbs $S 60®
S 82%; short ribs sides (loose) $3 50@8 65;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 79i©7%c; short
clear sides (boxed), 8%@89sc; clover,. contract
grade. $12®12 50. • ;-. , ¦.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 80.000 22 707
Wheat, bushels 65,500 71,730
Corn, bushels .273,700 271,720
Oate, bushels .....416,200 133,400
Rye, bushels . • ••• 2,850 .
Barley, bushels 68,300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but- !
ter market remained unchanged. Creameries.
15®18c; dairies, 13%<3"16%c: eggs unchanged at
mark; cases returned. 12@14c; cheese steady,
iO@ll%c. ¦,:.•.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— '-'>" Ju ' y / Se P t - Dec -
Opening 6 6% - 6 3% 631
Closing.. 6 6% 6 3% C 3tf
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 24 80 22 20
Closing ;•.- 24 80 22 20
Flour — ' . • . -^ ¦-. •
Opening 32 45 SO 10
Closing .... .....3260 30 15
Eastern Livestock Market. \
— ¦ ¦'
CHICAGO. -'.r^ "
CHICAGO. July 15.— CATTLE*— Receipts,
18.000: Western, steady; good to prime steers,
$5@5 60; poor to medium, '$4fl5; stackers and
feeders, $2 50^4 60; cows. $1 6O<8>4 25; heifers,
$2 25®6; cannere, $1 60@2 SO: bulls, $2 25fli
4 25: calves, ?2 50® 6; Texas fed steers, $3 35
@4 60. ; i
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow,
! 25,000; left over, 7700; steady to strong; mixed
| and butchers, $6@5 40; good to choice heavy,
$5 20®5 40; rough heavy, - $4 60@6 20; light,
1 $5 SO&r, 60; bulk of sales, |5 20<Jf5 30.
SHEEP — Receipts. 12,000; sheep, steady;
Iambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $3 75
64; fair to choice mixed,. $4@4 60; Western
Bheep, $3 60@4 60; native lambs, $3@6 40. •
BT. JOSEPH. • . ..
ST. JOSEPH, July 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1800; natives, $3 7605 15: cows and heifers,
$1 5004 10; Btockers and feeders. $3®4.
HOGS— Receipts. 7600; light, $5 22%@5 37%;
medium and heavy, $5 15@5 S5.
. SHEEP — Receipts, S50; native wethers, $ 40
4 25; native ewes, |3 60; lambs, $B 70.
St. Louis Wool Market. I
ST. LOUIS. July 15.— WOOL— Strong. , Me
dium grades and combing. lSS^l^e; light. 15@
18c; heavy fine, 12^15c; tub washed. 19@20c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 15.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered .13,747
bales. There was a fair demand and compe
tition was active. Some Merlnog were bought
in as bids were below sellers' views. Scoureds
were- firm. A good supply of Tasmanians sold
readily, but crossbreds were inactive, espe
cially coarse Cape of Good Hope and Natal.
Northern Wheat Market. ¦
¦ OREGON. '-
PORTLAND. July 15.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. 7«@>77c: bluest em. 80c; valley. 78@79c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 15. — Wheat unchanged;
bluestem. 82c; club, 7Se.
Shipments cf $265,480 in Treasure to the Orient.
Wall street stocks rather lower and demoralised.
Local stocks and bonds still inactive.
Silver unchanged. Sterling Exchange lower.
Wheat reported higher in the country than lure.
Barley easy at previous prices. . : .
Government order for Oats zvorrying dealers.
Corn iirm and very scarce. Rye quiet.
Hay again in heavy receipt and weak: -
Bran and Middlings firm and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs quoted easier again.
Not much doing in new crop Dried Fruits.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Large lines of Coal loading at Australia for this port.
Potatoes rather firmer under moderate receipts.
Poultry in large supply and lower. Game quiet.
Fresh Fruits continue in ample supply.
SUMMARY, OF. THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,; JULY 16, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALS — Tools and contests of wax-
on and blacksmith shop. 1607 California street.
THURSDAY. July 16. at 1 p. m. By order of
creditors I will sell the contents of the abov»
shop, consisting of all kinds of tools, wagona
and buggies; also horse and wagon. JOHN J.
DOYLE, auctioneer, office 327 Sixth st.
AUCTION SALES
fe fe J£&
the FINAL SALE
( —OF—
Trotting Horses
From BANTA ROSA STOCK FAKM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased^.
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903.
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third st. S. F.
This sale Includes all the mares, colts, geld-
ings and fillies on the farm. Among them are
many with records, and seven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better than 33 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (sir*
of Lou Dillon. 2:03% champion); Direct. 3:0S%:
Palo Alto. 2:08Vt; Inlerna. 2:24%; Altamont.
2:24; Beau B. 2:10%; L. W. Russell. Almonl-
tlon, 2:2414, etc., out of famous broodmares—
the finest individuals aa well aa the choicest
bred ever led Into a sales ring. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. They
represent the result of many years' study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after high
' class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmare*
with foala by Sidney Dillon at foot, will get
what they want at this sale. It will be the
last opportunity to get such well-bred horses
at auction. No reserve or limit; every animal
must be sold. Catalogues issued Tuesday.
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. G. LAYNO. Livestock Auctioneer.THE SAN lEAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1903.
12
8AJV FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« Ban Francisco
Ca.IL corner Market asd Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes -treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
. 639 McAllister street; open until 8:80, p. m. 1
«"15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1»41 Mission -treet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market -tree*, corner Sixteenth; open
catll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. o.
10S6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. o.
Northwect corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
2200 FlUmore -treet: op-n until fl p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
SIieSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— O
Stated metting THIS (THURSDAY) "*/_£
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- /V\
tree. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. CJ
M.. will m-«t THIS (THURSDAY) VTf
EVENING. July 16. at 7:30 o'clock. /V>
First iegrec. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. »
—Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Vjf
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- />f\
gTee. Master Masofji cordially invited.
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
6OUTH San Francisco Lodra No. 212, »
F. and A. M.. meets THIS fTHURS- >_\f
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, t or />f\
third degree. Master Masons cordially
Invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Loflge No. 216. F. and A. M. — _>
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) '%_V
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /V\
gree. Master Masons are cordially In-
vited. 13y order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
ETARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and A- JB
M.. 317 Devisadero Et — Third degree VV
THIS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Master Masons cordially Invited. By
order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
ANCIENT Orler of United Workmen. <>•*$»>
attention — Supreme Master Workman j^Tt^
W. H. MILLER will arrive in SanfewV^j
Francl-co on THURSDAY. July 16. Mft^ ;
and a reception to hlni has been ar-
ranged to take place In Stelnvay Hall. 232
Sutter et.. on THURSDAY EVENING. July ,
Iti. at 6 o'clock, at which time the supreme '
master will thoroughly explain the new plan
recently adopu-d by the Supreme Lodjre. All
members cf the order are cordially Invited
to be present.
C. T. SPENCER. Grand Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Council No. 80, U. C. T. —
Members will i.Iea*? assemble at the under- |
taking parlors of Bunker & Lunt -060 Mi6-
-lon at, FRIDAY, July 17. at 2 p. m.. to
attend the funeral services of our late
brother. HARRY C. EVANS, of Salt Lake
Council No. 61. All members of the order
er* requwaed to attend. By order
' O. BOLDEMAN, 6. C.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the -tockbolders of the Spreck-
«•!« Sugar Company will be held at the office
cf the company, 327 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the 27th day cf July.
1903. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the t r. ruing year and for the trtnsaction
of such ether business as may ccroe before
the meeting. The transfer books will close
on Friday. July 24. 1903, at 3 p m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
Dieting of the etockholders of the Monterey
¦ County Water Company arill be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, en MONDAY, the 27th day of
July. 1903. at the hour of, 11:30 a. m., for!
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year end for the
transaction of euch ether business as may
come before the meeting. The transfer
books will close on Friday. July 24 1903, at
8 p. m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Work* — The anual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and -Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
euch other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting, will be held at the office
of the company. No. 298 Steuart street. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gust, 19C3, at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from F. W. McLean In Hampton
piacer mine, on McRea, Ridge, Plumas
Co., Cal.. draining Into Ne>on Creek,
which reaches middle fork of Feather Riv-
er, rives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 96 Flood bldg.. 6an Francisco, Cal..
Ju!y 27. 1903. at 1 :30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty t» Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1903, at 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board ef trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS — We Uv* an article that every
woman wants and will buy If her attention
1s called to It.
"We want women of sense, energy and push
for that purpose; every sale means a perma-
nent cuEtomer. Do you want money? Are
you energetic? If eo. call bet. 10 t. m. and
4 p. m.. room S15. Phelan building.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taught horoscopes cast Prof. Ray-
mona El'.lg. By mail If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. €11; all cases, damages., estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3601.
PROMPT attention to all cases ;dlvorce. estates.
collections; no fees unless successful; call or
write: eves. Tuee. and Frl.; est 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. C27 Market ;tel Jessie 1630.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous case*, divorces, prob-te and all other law
cases: no fees in advance; open every even-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st. r. 31.
ADVICE fre*: divorces a rpecialty;qulck.qulet;
no charge without success: established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. opp. Hale'a.
AITKEN A AITKEN. atttorneys. n. 309-10-11
CJunle bldg.. 503 California st: tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. 632 Mar-
ket et. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
AL'>'-.'i; free; no charge unless successful: all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market
L. Z. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket J.t.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots,$5 each;German elnging
csnaries. $2; we will try to please you: every-
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BUSINESS CBAACES.
WARNING^~ ¦N~~~~»-~.
To the—
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of our
Wonderful Ditching as. Dredging Machine,
which win Co the work of hundreds of men
and horses.
On or about July 20th.
Upon its completion no stock will be offered
for lees than $1 per share. Until then a few
shares r*-maln to be sold at SOc, for cash or In-
stallments. Persons desiring to see this
Marvel cf mechanical Ingenuity
can do so by calling at the offices of the
NATIONAL DITCHING A DREDGING CO..
6G1-C02-C03 Examiner Building.
$50 WILL buy real estate office, well equip-
ped, in *ood location; has large list of prop-
erty. 131 Montgomery B t-. rooms 11-12.
|75 — CIGAR etand; sacrificed If taken to-
day; leaving city; earnest business. 1032
Market, room 4.
GOOD dear etand and card room at a bar-
galn; owner sick. 850 Market et, room 5.
HA1RDRESSING parlors; cheap: vajue In sight-
good location; retiring. 11S3 Mkt, bet.7th-8th.'
$1800— ROADHOUSE and furniture; 11 rooms-
a #nai>. b50 Market st, room 5. '
STALLS In ceneral market for rent; space
suitable for grocery, dellcatee-en store and
creamery. Call 2014 Mission st.
CORNER saloon business, near Market st, for
t-tl-. very cheap. 45 Van Ness a\-e.
DELI CA TESSENl dairy, produce- 4 living
roomt; rent $15; good [location. 3/KI9 16th.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale
Inquire hardware store. l»th and Folsom sts
BAKERY and deiicacy store for eale; must be
sold: owner going away. 715 McAllister et
AX outside route for eale. Apply Call office.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected epcedlly. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, W16 Marker
tel. Red €18; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms g-10: tel. 55SQ.
CHIROPODISTS.
DCTvXAP FOOT INSTITUTE, DO Oeary— All
• !lm-nt- of tb» f>-t cijr^d: corn-, bunlona.etc.
COTTAGES TO -LET. ¦
COTTAGE. « rooms, bath and yard; fine view.
1223 Wa-fcl&cUm «&.. star Jones. C
LODGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 900 MARKET ST.
COR. STOCKTON & ELLIS. ph n °n e T £ on .!l 7 5 3L
ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY_IN 1877.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
HOTELS AND FLATS.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
6 rooms, modern flat new furn $ BOO
20 rooms, sunny. N. Mkt. cor. only. 1..00
21 rooms, only $200 cash, enap,
clears $100 B0 °
15 rooms, sunny cor.; modern, newly
furnished, well rented 1.000
115 rooms, modern apartment-house. 0,000
156 rooms, new, sunny corner apart-
ment-house, reduced 12,000
50 rooms, near Powell and Market... 4,000
8 rooms, choice location, forced sale. 223
8 rooms, nicely furn., owner sick.. 2.10
60-room corner house, only 3.5OO
1*1 rooms, only fSOO cash. bal. pay*ts. 1.100
11 rooms, only $150 cash 350
12 rooms, on Geary St., near Powell. i>50
26 rooms, on Market, clears $200 1,630
24 rooms, on Grant ave., only 2,40:)
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200. . GOO
48 rooms, clears $300 per month.... 5,000
36 rooms, on Howard st, clears $200. 1,700
56 rooms, elegant corner, clears $350. 6,800
Hotel and bar. 86 rooms, clears $500. 10,000
24-room house on Howard st 350
100 houses irom 6 to 5oO rooms; all prices.
1S-ROOM HOUSE RIGHT DOWN TOWN.
LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE.
CLEARS ?200 EVERY MONTH.
OWNER VERY SICK. MUST BEU*
RKDUCED FROM $2000 TO $1200.
CALL AXD GET LIST OF BARGAINS.
I HAVE RETURNED FROM LOS AN-
GELES AND AM
Located at 906 Market, cor. Stockton.
H. C. DECKER, »06 Market st. cor. Stockton.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. ...$4000
58 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
II rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good leane; low rent 6500
67 rms.;apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL _ CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$1900— FIRST-CLASS lodging-house of twenty
rooms; clears $100 month; good location.
EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery, rooms 11-12.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Exanlner bldg.—
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSEST
$250— 15-ROOM lod(ring--fcouse; greatest Enap
ever heard of. 1032 Market st. room 4.
11-ROOM house; Eteady roomers; other busi-
ness; must cell. S50 Market St.. 'room 5.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. EBERHARDTS test meeting 8 p. m.
sharp 10c. 3250 Twenty-second st. ; read-
Ings from 10 to 4.
MEDIUM card reader; readings 2&c; sittings
daily; ladies only. 252 Natoma et. bet.
Third and Fourth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle, to-
nlght 10c 619 McAllister. Come, skeptics.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings daily. 1000 Harrison St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $£.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1. $1. Jl $1. $1. SI. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmiBt Ever In SantFranclsco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guuranteo to
! — tak« you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p.' m. ; Sundays 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell Bt.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAM0U3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult thl* great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
in all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction
guaranteed; readings by mall. Tel Black 1569.
A — CASHMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept can be consulted regarding all matters of
business, love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation, changes, law. reuniting separated,
etc.; everything revealed; secret power to
change influence or control any one or anything
as you wish in 3 to 21 days; reduced fees for
this week. 1007>4 Market st, bet. 6th and 7th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
Et.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
in.' to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
\ Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladle*. 60c; gents. «1; by cards, palmistrj-
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 120 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoy-
ant, card reader, will give you a good read-
ing. 10c, for a Fhort time only; when others
fall try me to convince yourself. 402 Franli-
lin. near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and' card reader in city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles IXic, cents 60c
A wonder; have you seen her? LELA, palmtst
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st, near Mission.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tings daily. 44S^ Jessie st. bet. 6th and 6th.
C A R PET-BE ATI X PAN DC LE AX I ¦VG.
AIR. compressed, dry. lee cold, Is new univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tsL South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 323 Guerrero st. ; tel. Uission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS., excellent carpet cleaning;
phene Bush <21. 411-413 Powell tt.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Us in 394. Geo. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating work*; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison irt.;tel. Mission 283.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone F.ast 126.
* DEXTISTS^
HrTlUDLUM HILL. f443 Marketnr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are.
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from K per set: extracting. 60c: gas give*-
REMOVAL.
DR. C W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved frcm 47 Post st to Mutual Bank bldg..
room C14, corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
— arranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings. Mo;
plates. $5: full cet; all work painless and war*
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up: crowns,$2 up; fllllngs,25c
GOLD fllllnirs 75c. silver 85c. crowns $2; no
pam: open, Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt204 Sutter. I
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.-
K»w Ynrk D»ntlyt«. 963 Mission «t. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A SEA M STR ESS Eg.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market
ACCORDION, sunburst A knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
PYECTP ATSTD d.EA-OH?.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, ! blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wa.oi, West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDCCATIOXAL.
GALLAGHER^M^Rsiirijul^^
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course tn all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
r hip. $50; day and evening sessions.
HEALD'S School of Mines & EIectricity.24 Post
st, 8. F.; a practical school of engineering-;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
; to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
cummer. Send for catalogue.
i DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
st. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., min., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est 1864. Van
o'er Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
• A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market tt.
_^_JHELP WAITED— MALB— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
_, 520 Sacramento St..
Cor. Leide-dorft St. Phone Main 1101.
WE SHIP TO-DAY TO
WILLITS— URIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
6 gold miners, placer mine, northeast, $90.
OREGON FREE FARE -OREGON.
-0 coal miners, 2 mines, good wages.
Butte County; cheap fare: Diamond Match
Company's Wqrks, 300 laborers, teamsters.,
woodchoppers and rockmen, $2 25 and $2 50
u day. fee $1.
FREE FARE FEK $1 FREE FARE
" ,,w, 8 - P - R - K - Co -' 8 Own Work.
™°0_ s *ctlon and extra gang hands all over
tr.e State. Come and see about it.
FREE FARE TO CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL.
„ SAWMILLS. ETC.
Zr^rnZ turners - IS2 50 found: 2 doggers.
$C5 00 found, south, big mill; 6 young men.
sash and door factory, Jl 50 to $2 25 day: 2
blacksmith's helpers. $2 25 day. sawmills.
~ , MINES. -ETC.
iZ * m n o 1 ?; aI1 over State > some 8 hours, $75
to *»o; 2M mucker?, carmen and laborers. $00
to 5i3; 10 drillers, quarry. »45 and found.
„, , MISCELLANEOUS.
Circular saw filer, $4 a day; coremaker, city.
v * «?'• 3 , lron mo 'ders. 0 hours, $3 50 a
$2 day trackmen - Pay weekly, board home,
, , . FARMS, ETC.
varrt rin *^ nds 'i 30 and '°"nd; choreman, vlne-
rmf^'i ? and found :-2 milker-, $35 and
found; farmer and wife. $70 and found.
rvXv COOKS. ETC.
place s^ ?P ' ,*"? and found: ™Her. >am«
*,** f ' / anfl foun( l: second cook country
t(0 amw P^ d> 545 and camp!
$35a a n n d%ound d: W * !tep ' ' a ™' U ' fare
GFT E a"' £ A i& AXD SEE US EARLY.
PAnm^uS?? 1 OF JOBS AT ™ E
K?ft l AC1FIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
B20 feacramento st Phone Main U81
BT t^H E r^' $,° /° Und: foreman '<*
SSS__e_SSSI_P^^
f. IKObETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
A -St < ewfrd, G $"5 e . tte ' ™ Mont *«»«T. room 12
W ; ANTED — M «n to go ehort distance from the
city; one who has a general knowledge of
dry Eoods. fancy goods, cloaks and suits-
ffpTy'i* 6 . .srai: and "*•** e * p : cted -
A «S A^ R( l AI . N '~ Flr f t " claas barber 8h °P <Jo'ns a
good business, in buslne-s portion of San
Jose, for saie: good reason for selling Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East San Fernando st
ban Jose.
TRY our men's shoes union made, at $1 pair-
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— Young butcher, experienced in cut-
tlnpr meat, willing to drive route. Call 4127
Eighteenth st. above Castro.
WA MT t E £r E *P'' rIenced took binders. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
WANTED — A good lunch waiter at 236 Town-
send st.
DISHWASHER_wanted. 613 Clay st.
PHOTOGRAPH printer wanledT Baldwin
studio. f)30 Market.
MAN with team to haul away old lumber and
rubbish. 2t> Stockton st.
FOR SALE— Best one chair barber shop In
city; no rent. Inquire 18 Franklin st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form ehoes at 82 50; we pay express or
•.nail charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. a Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office 40
Ellis Ft. San Francisco. Cal.; 222»4 N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal. ,
BARBERS' Union Local 148. J. B. I. U. of
A. had their telephone taken out on account
of boycott: all persons wishing to communi-
cate with the society will please do so by
mall or message.
WANTED — laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. Plaeervllle, Cal., or room 14,
2« Montgomery st, San Francisco Construc-
tlon Co. '
WANTED — Young man as an und*rstudy to
an advertiser; must be a college graduate and
be a good grammarian; state age, experience,
if any, and salary expected. Apply Box 2299
Call office.
PICK hops In August; enioyable. healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. San Francisco. \
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two '
month* to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moier System Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. .Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
WANTED — Experienced quartz miners; stats
age. places previously employed. Box 1826.
C-ll office.
WANTED — A number of good machinists;
. standard wages: state last place employed.
Box 1825. Call office. -
WANTED — Several bollermakers for work out
of city: good wages; state experience. Box
1S27. Call office. .
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— A good quick bushelman at
RAPHAEL'S. ¦
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; age 16 years
533 Mission st. .
AN experienced wrapper. Cloak and Suit
Dept. M. FRIEDMAN A CO.. 237 Post gt.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. 3. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
OLD establishes barber shop; 3 chairs- 4 flv^
ing rooms; owner retiring. 229 Hayes st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
ELDERLY man to a.«Hi»t on light woodwork
and polishing. Box 1808. Call office.
MEN wanted to take contract cutting boilers.
Apply BERCOVICH. 5th and Webster. Oakld.
8AILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. /
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe-,
5Cc up; soling cheap.' 023 Howard st, nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past. Com.' Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St. near Mar-
. Jtet — 700 rooms. • 35c night; reading rooms;
•¦¦.•Tree: 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. , •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 563 Mission ; st. bet. 1st: and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while- waiting; 23c
to 00c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WASTED— MALE Cow. _
MURRAY & READY. \
634 and 636 Clay st.
TliONE MAIN 5S48. PHONE MAIN B848.
Lending- Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
. YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
J002 We Gave ' 1903 We'll Give
45.C0O Men Work. 60.000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah, All Parts Nevada.
I.cs Angeles County / Santa Barbara,
ChatKWorth Park. Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana. Oregon,
San Fernando. Washington.
Loa Angeles County ¦ Central America.
Arizona Wllllts, Ukiah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING ORGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc. $5 $4 $3.50 "1. $2.50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking Thousands* Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO PARADISE— BOSS HERE.
C5 teamsters, laborers. $73.
55 drillers and hammersmen. $73.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
26 eoal miners, $3 to $5 day.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions. Includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Oblspo. Milton,
Farmlngton. Ollroy. Los Gatos.
TO OREGON. •
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit, $W.
GOLD AND SILVER,
COPPER AND COAL-
OB mine™ single and double hand, some a
hours. $S5, $00.
18 timbermen, different Jobs, $00.
165 muckers, different Jobs, $75.
364 laborers, no experience required, $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen, $73. $83.
364 laborers, no experience required, $6C\
$67 SO.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work, including
factories, excavating, buildings, mills, etc..
$2 50 aDd $2 day. located In San Francisco
and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands. $1 30, $1 75, $2
and (2 50 a day. .
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands, 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
0C milkers, butter and cheese makers. $-0.
$40 and $50 and found.
16 hay balers. ?0c to 25c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $75, $>0
and $60
26 choremen $40. $35 $30 and $33 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
16 fanners and wives, different Jobs. 170,
$60, $50 and found.
4 cooks and wive-, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc. $85 $60 $50 and fonud.
564 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS
Post, picktt and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 50, $3. $2 50. $2 day. „ .„ . _
0 wagon and carriage makers. $3 60 *3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $4,
$3 50 $3 day. •
0 machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare. $50 and found.' t
15 coopers, lie; 3 carriage painters. WO. . «
brick moldersj $3 80 day; plasters. $5 50;
structural iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers. fare *1. »2 _3
to $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
57 cooks all over California. $90. $80. $«3.
$C0. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hote.a.
mines sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants saloons harvest outfits, etc
15 waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found
36 pot and dishwashers. $35. $30. $20 found.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters. fedmaK-
ers. S30 to $15 and found
12 laundrynun. all classes SIS , week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $35. $40. $30 and fdund.
Waiter and dishwasher, same camp. $35 fd.
" TrEAPY. 634-636 Clay ,t.
""'^S^wioiift
WOODS. YARDS. ETC
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located In 4 States and 2 Territories
860 laborers without any experience. $33 to
$70 and found.
67 men for planing mills. ¦
16 full day crews for woods, mills; 9 night
crews for woods and mills.
126 men and beys for box factories. **c
Wages $130, $100. $90. $S0. $70. $60. $50. $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NORTH " BIG L. CO.
ANOTHER GOOD JOB.
25 laborer*. YOU'LL SUIT. $60.
Blacksmith, little shoeing. $00. •
Blacksmith helper. $67 50.
Blacksmith helper, woods $67 60
Man to hapdle logs on deck at mill. $67 50;
board, etc.. 45c a day; fare $3; LIMBER
TR MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE- TELEGRAPH - and .MAIL.
Steward country hotel. $40 to $50 fd.
German* or Swiss milker. Slsklyou Co.. fare
2 ca%enters.Humboldt Co.,plaln work $75 fd.
Sheepherder. *3° f ™y*-
2 carpenters, city. $* |->-
Nurse °?tate institution. »25 found; second
cook 'State Institution. $30 found; young
man' about city paint store. $9.
LOOK !
Ratchet setter. Alles block. 25 M mill. $K5.
2 foremen, excavating, city Job. $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here. $4 fd.
Cook. State hospital : plasterer. $5 50 day.
TRACTION ENGINEER. $3 DAY.
Butcher, wagon and shop. SOc fare. $30 fd.
2 laborers help load machinery city. $2 day.
Butcher younir map. 50c fare. $9 w-ek fd.
• 3 men. 4 hours' work dally. $2 day.
4 foundry helpers, city, ?2 2T. day.
3 milkers, same dairy, south. $30 and found.
R laborers, manufacturing company. iCO.
3 boys, learn manufacturing trade. J16-5-0
and found. :__
Cook sawmill, few men. $35 and found
Farmer and wife, orchard, few men. $45 fd.
Carpenter Monterey County. $3 day.
2 hall boys, city hotel. $17 50 and found.
Man dig ditche-. private Institution. $20 fd.
MURRAY & READY. C34-036 Clay st.
FREE FARE TO FREE FARE
FRESNO.
25 laborers; call early; your railroad fare
FRE MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
ALASKA ALASKA " FREE
FREE TO ALASKA
General Manager Here at Our Office.
25 laborers, warehouse work, etc.; steady
Jobs year round: $M> per month and found.
MURRAY A READY. C34-636 Clay st
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
CO HEAD nt freah dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOMAS A. McCOY.
Gonzales. Monterey Ca. Cal.
ON account of gohiR to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 13th and Valencia sts.
SURREYS, buggies and carts cheap at 100
Golden Gate ere.
RARE chance: 7 good horses; must be sold.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for saie cheap. B32 Mission st
MOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.,14Montgomery
BAKER 2118. cor. Jackson — A nicely furnished
corner house; 11 rms..bath.ba.«eraent: stable;
choice location for a doctor; $75 per month.
PACIFIC ave.. 2181. THE MCCARTHY CO..
646 Market St. .
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath; 140 Carl st, near
Cole. Rent. $37 50.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of housea
to let. BALDWIN fc HOWKLL. 25 Post st
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — A cog-wheel locket; diamond in center.
Reward if returned to P. i J. ilEHEG AX,
2333 Pine, st. near Fillmore.
LOST — On Saturday, July II, a bunch of about
20 keys. Please return to MISS S. CUL-
LEN, room 70, Chronicle bldg; r*ward $5.
LOST — Lady's watch s»t with clover leaves.
21 Stockton st.: reward.^ .-
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In tho
name of MRS. MARY SULLIVAN; No. 170-
1389. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Locket with diamond setting; engravjj
on back "G. H. I." Reward If returned to
American Steel and Wire Company. Folsom
and Sixteenth sts.. city.
LOST — At Broadway and Franklin st. coat
containing papers and books: reward of $13;
no- questions asked. 530 Fell at.
LOST — July 11. small South American poodle:
pure white. 1118 Dupont st. or 987 Union
»t; reward.
IT will p«y to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
LIYFRT STABLES.
• OMKINSON'S livery stables. 57-5--<>l Ulan*
it bet. 1st and 24— Vehicles of erery ds-
tcripticn for hire at most reasonable rate*;
T-t rates for strangers. Telephone Main IBS.
31EDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for »U female
complaints: instant relief guaranteed; ao
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near Jone*.
MRS DR KOHL, reliable spectall-t for all fe-
male troubles *nd Irregularities; Instan: re-
hef guaranteed. 1008*6 Market St.. opp. 3ta.
VALPKAU'S female plils ; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by «pr«« - PasUar-s syr-
inge and tablets; price U 30. By expr*»i
on!y on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH.
ERS. wholesale druggist*. -evectn and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR G W O'DONNELL — All wno are elck or
In trouble consult thus specialist on fern*:*
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate help^dV the most difficult case, trtai-
e_; advice free. Office. 1013 Market st
DR. ROSEN. 2305 Folsom. cor. 2t5th— Ladle*'
exclusive office and horn* where relief Is ob-
talned In aU cases taken; consultation free.
MRS D ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladle-'
specialist: a private home before and durtn«
confinement : best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van i*_ 1 "-_~J£_ l
In obstetrics, female comp.: 2-> m expe. nee.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO H1BRB4,
original method of treatment 1126 Market at
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. opposite
Union nouare: all ritaeag»ii cured by_her______
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE,
BOILERS, engines, .-hand machinery. **cIN-
, TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivereC on first payment ; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing; _™ n »*..
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment.
no interest charged: It will pay ?°_» to ""
amlne cur gooda and prices: established xsw.
LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 23 Stockton st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with Elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; btst for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery. bolJers. en*in<s-.
pumps, water pip-*, bought, sold, r«nted an>J
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.3.WHITI2
MACHINF.RY COMPANY. 130-132 Be*l> st.
A— FINE suits. $7 5O; dre»s pants. $2 50. OrlX-
. Inal Misfit Clothing- Parlor-. 239 Kearny «t..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. n«ar
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rtnts gear machinery, eo-
glr.es. boilers, water ptp«. shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 gp«ar st
GENTLEMAN'S black doublo-breasted lon»
overcoat: Imported good-; cc-t *3_: will mi
for any price. Box 1312. Call office.
HANDSOME black cocker ¦P«nl«l. ™* Pf*:
perfectly house broken. C. DUJAPJDIN. 204
Castro st. ______________
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo it.
MOVING picture film and son* slides. 1C»
Montgomery st ,
BAFEP — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st. .
All bargains; camp stools A chair,, t*"™^} 1 *;
m«tal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hottsr.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplls*. ™°X!_'*
picture machines, films. Baelgalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE e-etaes. automobiles and launches.
all sues. J E. DOAK. 4C Fremont st
S*FES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
*MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; j iU
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montr y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand morln* pic-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America^ — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In tne
United States or Canada one year for Wl.
3IISCELLAN~EOt'S WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothln* ar.<S
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jewslo 2S31.
15CC0 WORTH cast-off clothing- wanted: highest
price paid. 3?2 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3A">2.
~ MONEY TO LOAN 1 .
AAA-HERMA^MCRm.^^^^
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
tf r'-*ts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10S Grant sWfc.
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate-. Baldwin Jewelry Store^ 84»
Market st. tel. Main 1&44. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants tsamsters. boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; larsest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrot bid?.
A 1 t>er cent on furniture or piano: no removal:
no commission: no publicity: $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st.rm. ..
AT cut rates on real estate, fcrrnlture or piano;
no "commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main S16. s
S ~f7 DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
p*r,pl.» on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, rearla and precious stonea bought
at W. J. HESTHALL'S. 10 Sixth st
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery st. rm. Its.
Z% ON furniture *¦ piann-; $1" up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Eank. 53S Keamy.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming 1 loans money to
salaried emptoyes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bU.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
tnrtorser. MORRELL. eOf> Examiner bid.
Ml' S I C A L 1 N ST R UMEXTS.
A F£\V snaps selected from _C0; all reduseU on
account of summer season for June, July:
S Chickerin* $U3. S37. JtSS
t Emerson $93. SU*
2 Heine $233. *SH*
2 8telr.way. small A Iarg* uprlght.$lS3. *C83
New piano- from $137 U9
25 Squares from $13 u?
Piano Players, $90 up: rer.tn reduced to tJ
up. apply on purchase; Installments, oo*-
ttnth down, two years to pay baUoce.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-23T Geary »t; t*L
Main 5744. j ;
STEINWAY upriEht. left by private party.
$1B8; great bargain. 237 Geary st
BUY your piano now and begin payment whaa
you return from your vacation. By tai*
means you secure the benefit of our reduce*
prices. Laree stock, desirable good* anJ
easy payment THE ZENO MAUVAl-l
MUSIC Ca. 763 Market at
A FEW good upright pianos from f'-\^^''
Ing Vose. Sterling. Jacobson. .Schwechten.
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall & JJSVlfts*
Halnes. Everett and others: easy payments.
BEXJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18-20 O Farrell st.
No branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Be«on Paris^ maker:
Gus Malwald. A«t. Pac. Coast. ?»SOr ««««».
.killful repairing: 2d-h-od instrument. »M1
KOHLER A CHAPE. .10 O'Farrell st; largest
and oldest piano house.
MAGNIFICENT Kaabe. f' 0^.' p .5*?»
at treat lc»s: leaving city. 920 O" Parrel! st.
BEST renting piano in city for JSmmUj.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 0W Hayes su
Tt.RnAtN' rood upright; must be sold as
T OTMM A CO.. 18 McAllister .t.
«<i-»*i»i--r m-on Mauzy piacoa. Ceelltan piano ¦
pu">r 'BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Pot £.
SUPERIOR violins, slthers. old and ney. 5T
MULLER. maker, r-palrtr. S Latham pl^-
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
•23 \o 534 Bush st. between Dupont ant!
Stoc"ton: large store and rooms. Apply to
B. M. OtTNN & CO.. ai.t Montgomery st
—~ PALMISTRY. ™~ ~~
MADAM DEVAS. scientific palmist aad astrol-
oglst: $1 palm readings a specialty; booklet
rratls: 3 question, answered free. 139 Post
st. office No 26.
PAPERHAXGIXG. PAIXTIN-Q. ET«:7~
ROOMS papered. $3 60 _ up; Untlng. palntlns.
Hartmarn Paint Co.. 310 3d st: tel. Main 413
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. cTcTo'DONNELL— Office an.1~resTdenc»i
1U2U. Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. nero doctor;
treats all diseases of the human tody; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now \<y
cated at 6C7 Geary «t. near L-avenwortn.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures ail diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
BLOOD, sktn and rectal diseases a •peclaltr
,. DR. BALL. 1037% Market it. '*™™V.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor- — AU dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 7.0-3 Clay st.
EDUCATIONAL— -Contlnned.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrlting,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded ISC"; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.^^
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post etf, tel. Bush 135—
Japane-c-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
i CAN supply 15 Japanese laborers on quick no-
tice for farm work and picking fruit. Ad-
dresB H. ICHIYASU. 1221 3d St.. Sacramento.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese,
Chinese help. 42C Powell. Tel. Main 5702.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main l«07. BRADLEY A: CO.. «40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Apply
to MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter; tei. Green
721. .
A SWEDI8H second, girl, good waitress and
seamstress; refs. MRS. NORTON, 313
Butter st.
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation, up-
stairs : work and assist with washing and
cooking: Jewish family preferred. Box 1S36.
Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG German girl wishes to do light
housework In a small family; no children;
wages $15 a month. 525 Shotwell st., rear.
WANTED — Sewing by competent dressmaker:
will eo out through the summer at $1 50
a day. Box 1S42. Cail office.
ACCOMPLISHED musician from the East
wishes a few more music scholars: terms 50o
per lesson; piano and organ. Mrs. Steuder,
27 Laskie St., bet. 8th awl 9th. off Mission.
: YOUNG lady from the East would like situa-
tion as lady's maid; best of references. Box
1821. Call office. i __ #
POSITION as cook, crew of men, restaurant,
camp or working housekeeper, lodging or
boarding-house. Box 1104. Call office.
.WANTED — By a German woman, hand em-
broidery. 12 Collingwood st, bet, Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, near Castro. .'
POSITION wanted by young girl as lady's
maid; speaks German; willing to travel or
live in country- Address box 1831. Call.
LADY stenographer wishes position; SO to 60
dictated letters dally. Box 1S04, Call office.
WANT ads and subscript 'ons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Pazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
A GENERAL blacksmith and shoer wiahes a
situation ; state v.ages. Address F. A. MUS-
SET. Elmhurat, Alameda County.
EXPERIENCED miner wants position. In mine
and sharpen tools; wife to cook for small
crew. Box 1S40, Call.
BRICKMASON wants work by contract or day.
Box 1105. Call office^ .
BOOKKEEPER and clerk wants position; ex-
pert accountant: excellent references; late
with U. S. Government In Manila. P. I. Ad-
dress box 1820, Call office.
GENTLEMAN (32 years), highest references,
epeaks several foreign language;, wishes
position of trust: bond if required. Box
1192. CalK •
BOY of 10 from country wants to work for
board and attend Licit Polytechnic School.
Address MRS. M. W. ELMORE, Sebastopol,
Cal.
RESPONSIBLE man would like place In office
to run set of bocks and do collecting; $C5;
best of references. P. R.. 1332 Church st.
upstairs.
A SOBER young man would like to get Into
some barber shop In center of trade or In
Oakland: has had 2 years' experience. Box
1810. Call. v
FIRST-CLASS stonemason wishes positlcn as
foreman or Journeyman; expert on water-
tight masonry. Address J. ?".. Denver House,
Third et ¦'".
TRAINED male nurse desires position, city
or country, care of Invalid; terms moderate;
references. Box 1S11, Call.
ACCOUNTANT cf experience wants position;
best of references. Box 2534. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia st
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32ff Poet
BANK DEPOSITORS sending names and ad-
dresses will receive, free, valuable Informa-
tion. Box 2555. Cail office.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department: It will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-2S0 Geary st, on
the square. •
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms. 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$-9 to $45: sunlleht all around; cpen.
CORNER Scott and Fulton; new 7 r. and b.,
$42 TiO and $35; 9 large r. and b., $50; euu
all day.
577 NOE st, near Nineteenth — Lovely, sunny, ,
upper 5- room modern flat; grand view; store-
room; Just completed; $25; water free.
FLAT to let; 4 rooms; rent $20. 717 O'Far-
rell st, near Hyde.
HAIGHT. 442 — Lower flat. 6 rooms and bath.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; U rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
TO LET— Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & L5TNT. 14 Pest st.
FLATS FOR SALE FL'RNIsflED.
FOR nale — Snap: modern upper 6 rooms: fur-
nished: only 30 days; close In; rent $27 50.
110 Fourteenth st.
FLATS WASTED.
FAMILY of four adults wants 8-room house or
flat in vicinity of Panhandle; rent $35. Ad-
drcse box 1834. Call office.
WANTED — Furnished flat or cottage of from 7
to 10 rooms; willing to pay good price for
desirable location. Answer box 1S22, Call.
FUUKITURB FOli SALE.
FOR rent — 8-room house; furniture for sale,
also chickens and two bicycles, Barnes make,
at 2"» Claremont ave.. Oakland.
FURNITURE WASTED.
L. AND L. Auction Co., 1059-C1 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4402.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, 15 people, resort, $30, fare
paid; 2 cooks, no wash, $30-$35, country; 3
cooks some wash, city, $30; 4 nurse girls,
$20. $25, $30; cook, private boarding-house,
$20: chamberwork, private family. $25; par-
lor maid. $30; 4 second girls, $20-$25; second
girl, Menlo Park, $25; housework, Ross Val-
ley, $30; Los Gatos, $30; Napa, $25; laun-
dress, country hotel, $25; colored girl, cham-
berwork. resort, fare here, $20; chambermaid
and waiting, springs, $25; 4 commercial hotel
waitresses, country, $25; 40 house girls, city.
$20, $25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A COOK and second girl, same house, $30
and $25: woman to cook for 10 men, sleep
home, $20; cook, $45; nurse, infant, \ $25;
nurse, child 4 years old. $25. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st. t
HAIRDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work: 'removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 5O; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
HA1RDREESING, manicuring-, massage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 123fl Market, cor. Jones, r. 01.
WANTED — Saleslady: one experienced in retail
crockery business preferred; give experience
and salary expected. Box 1838, Call office.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
COR. COUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Few scholars to learn millinery;
competent teacher; easy terms. Box 1835,
Call office. . . .
BRIGHT and well-appearing woman to travel
¦ and appoint agents for wholesale house. Box
1US7. Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con. j
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS; STEADT
WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO..
82% FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DA VI 8.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY, 1S73 MISSION ST;.
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED.
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING OPERATORS AND RI\ETthS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR!,
Z2M, FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUS- & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT: APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN * CO..
toti Mission st.
A— OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists:
good wages: steady employment. 650 Mis-
sion st, I. MAGNIN & CO. y
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO., C50 Mission at.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles'
tailor-made suits; steady position. Cloak
department, M. FRIEDMAN & CO., 237 Post.
NEAT young girl to do general housework and
cooking; two In family. Apply 2015 Wash-
ington Ft. •i'?- :
A— Practical Millinery School, estnb. 14 years;
terms easy. 810 O'Farrell, for. 1000 \an Ness.
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted. GREEN-
BERG & GREENBERG. 31-37 Grant av.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LEDER-
ER'S. 123 Stockton st.
WANTED— Experienced bindery glrl3. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st. (
WANTED — Improvers for ladles' tailoring. I.
ROBERTSON, 126 Kearny St., room 42.
NEAT girl for general housework. 750 Castro
St., near 21st st. , .
GOOD finishers and apprentices on pants at
820 Elizabeth st, between 23d and 24th.
NEAT girl,' 14 to 16. for office. 600 Montgom-
ery, room 11, 12:30 to 2 v. m.
WANTED — Girl to do housework in small
family. 1454 Hayes st. ,
WANTED— Girl to* assist In housework; good
wages. SO Carl et., near Cole.
PICK hops In August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO., 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School, 143 Stockton st, rm. 13.
WANTED — Experienced art Roods saleswoman,
one who is capable of taking charge of de-
partment; state age, experience and salary
expected. Box 1833. Call office.
WANTED — Young lady who Is an experienced
stenographer; one who is familiar with the
Smith Premier typewriter: state age, expe-
rience and salary expected. Box 1832, Call.
GIRL for light upstair work and to attend to
a growing boy after school. Apply 502 Ful-
ton tt. -
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles*
tailor-made suits; steady position. Cloak
department, M. FRIEDMAN & CO., 237 Post
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
SEWING srlrls for curtain work; must be ex-
perienced. Box 1S23. Call office.
WANTED — An educated young lady to train
for nursing. Apply 201H Union st
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11., 43 Ellis st
FIRST-CLASS tailorcsa wanted on custom
vests; best waces paid. 509 Kearny. rm. 2.
GIRL wanted to help In photographic studio.
Apply 233 Montgomery ave.
PANTS operator and finisher wanted at once;
steady work. 245 Seventh st.
WANTED— Salesladies for waist department
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
GIRLS for factory work; good wajtes: no^ex-
perlence. Apply Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription.
received at Call branch oftlce. 2200 Flllmore.
1HELP\VANTJEU>—^^
AX C R. HANSEN & CO
Employment Agents
429 Bush Bt 042 Clay st.
Hello Grant 185.
Shipping day to-day Free fare
Laboreis for Alaska $35-$40 and found
Leborere. Wllllts. Mendoclno Co.. $2 25-$2 50
Tunnelmen. muckers, Marln Co... $2 25-52 00
Machine nun and drillers.. $2 25-43
(Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
For Chatswork Park, L. A. Co.
Laborers. Chico .$2 25
Timber nwn. steel, track, eectlon handjw . . .
$1 70-"?J SO
FREE FARE FOR ALL ABOVE.
Blacksmiths, country, $4O-$5O found; stable-
man do chores, farmer, same place, $.10 each,
party here: choreman, near city, $25; team-
ster and work around coal yard, near city,
$35 found; painter, country, $3; buttermaker
and wife, country, $50; man and wife, stock
ranch. Nevada, party here, $40; men to load
Ice, $2 50-$3, country; milkers, $35; mill-
wright, $50 found. .
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Pastry cook and baker, restaurant, Tonopah,
Nevada.. $150; head, second, night cook, dish-
washer, restau! ant. north, $20, $15, $15, $S
week: necond cook, country $00; cafe
baker. $80; broiler. $70; relief cook, $70;
restaurants: second cook, $35-$40; waiter
$30, porter and do waiting $30. same country
hotel; storeroom and pantryman, country
hotel, $00; pantryman $S0, dishwasher 43<>, ,
same springs; 0 dishwashers, hotels and res-
taurants, Santa Cruz, $2u-$30; potwasher ?-'.">,
2 dishwashers $25, summer resorts, fares
patd: kitchen hand. Lake Tahoe, $30; broiler,
hotel, city, $50-$G0; bellboys, kitchen hands.,
waiters, $15-$35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agency,
429 Bush st ...642 Clay st.
A BOY about. 17. years of age; must write a
good hand: good chance for promotion; $20
to $25 to br-gln with. For particulars apply
C. R. HANSEN &.CO., 420 Bush st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot- form. shoes at $2 50 or orthopedic
»hoe*. $3 50; beet shoes on earth. . 11 Third
St., Examiner building, 6 doors from Market.
YOUNG man willing to work outside of school
hours for his ' tuition. CAL. BUSINESS
COLLEGE, <$05 Larkln st. 1
WANTED — Planer « man; must be experienced
and capable. of caring for machine; country
mill. Room 26, Oth floor. Mills bldg. . city.
STEADY waitress In email restaurant: $8
week; half day, off. 25S5 Market, near 16th.
Don't it make you feel happy to see the great Joy
Of the smiling: young- man, of the lady so coy?
For their manifest bliss there's excellent reason.
Based on what is oft called the love-making season.
The young folks will soon splice, which they think very nice,
And they've found a fine home, for they put an ad. twice
In this paper's Want Pagre, with result that vou see.
And their hearts are now filled with most innocent glee.OFFICIAL.
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco. Estab-.
lished January, 1887.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to tlm«, we
would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
agents and to see that their tickets read as fol
lows: ¦ ¦
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF BAN FRANCISCO. ES
TABLISHED JANUARY, 1887. '
Each coupon will bear the Initials in large
colored letters. "M. & F.," on the face of the
ticket.
The following are the eapltal prizes as de
cided by THE HONDURAS NATIONAL COM
PANY drawing July 11. 1903: No. 77323 wina
$7.VW, sold In Han Francisco. Cal.; No. C3367
wins $2000 sold in San Francisco. Cal. ; No.
79648 wins $1000. sold in San Francisco, Cal. ;
No. 37055 wins $500. sold In San Francisco,
CaL: Nos. 9740 and 88539 each win $250, sold
In Oakland and San Jose. Cal. ; Nos. llHlKl,
20320, 26620. 55009 and 6O66S each win $100,
sold In San Francisco and Sacramento, Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above company for the June 13. 1903. draw-
Ing: Paid to Mr. Franklin P. Bull, attorney
at law. Parrot building, San Francisco, Cal..
for client, $3750; John M. Steffens (grocery
clerk for R. G. Schroeder, Clay and Flllmore
streets), residing at 2032 Steiner street. San
Francisco. Cal.. $3750; Mrs. Nelson. 3968
Eighteenth street. Pan Francisco, CaL, $1000:
Joseph Totten (machinist Spreckels Light and
Power Company), residing at 1779 Haight
street, San Francisco. Cal., $1000; -Robert
Abram, 1S8 Linden street, San Francisco, Cal..
$500; Walter T. Robinson. 2534 Howard street,
San Francisco, Cal., $500. . • •
¦ ? «
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Burnham-Marsh Company (corporation) to
R. C. Helnsch. lot on W line of Franklin
street, 60 S of Grove, S 35 by W 137 C; $10.
Adeline M. Easton to White Investment
Company, lot on SW corner ot Filbert and
Gough streets. W 275 by S 137:6; $10.
Ellen Kearns to Abraham Wllztr.ski, lot on
8 line of Ellis street, 1C5 W of octavla, W
2T:«'by S 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco, to Ar
thur A. Smith, lot on NW corner of Jackson
and Steiner Btreets, W 75 by N 127:«V4; — .
Same to James Stewart, lot on 8 line of Pa
cific avenue. 50 W of Steiner street, S 127:8>4,
W 72:7}$, NE 127:8li. E 66:3; — . •
Margaret McDermott to John and Margaret
Q. Abrams. lot on. NW line of Buena Vista
street, 417 :« NE of Frederick, SW 30. NW 150,
NE 21:2, RE 150; $10.
Thomas Denlxan to Julius Huttman. lot on
N line of Fifteenth street, 35 E of Shotwell,
E 50 by N 85; $10.
Alexander and Margaret Duffy to Robert
Bchulz,- lot on'N line of Twenty-third street,
50 E of Bryant. E 25 by N 00; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Ellen
Brlare, lot on E line of Church street, 51:6
S of Duncan, S 25 by 'B- 100; $1710.
Barzilla Cocks tolMafy'L. Hube, lot on E
line of Church streel, 1U9 S of Twenty-second,
S 30 by E 125; $20.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Chris
tian Salomonson, lot on SW corner of Valley
and Noe streets, 8 76:6 by W 105: also lot on
E line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 225 S of Clement
street. 8 37:0 'by E 120; also lot on E line of
Sanchez streeW 83:6 S of Twentieth, S 2S:6 by
E 105; $1905. i
Same to Edith Layton. lot on W line of Noe
street. 76:6 S of Valley. S 50 by W 105; $800.
Same to Daniel F. Foster, lot on W line of
Noe street. 51:6 N of. Twenty-ninth, N 50 by
W 105; ?S0O.
E. F. Gutschow and W. R. P. Wlrthle to
Amelia Bennlng. lot on E line of Twenty-first
avenue. 200 S of California street, S 25 by E
120: $10.. . .
Robert and Maggie J. Hazlett to Thomas and
Anthony McCaw, lot on W line of Twelfth ave
nue 150 N of Clement street, N 25 by W 120;
$10.
Joseph T. and Helen C. Nealon to same, lot
on W line* of Twelfth avenue, 175 N of Clement
street. N 0:L bv W 120: $20.
Margaret F. Cochran to Patrick J. Kelly, lot
on S line of California street, 82:6 E of Sixth
avenue. E 25 by S 100: $10. .
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mary and Emma
F. Elliot, lot on SE corner of Forty-eighth
avenue and H street, E 32:6 by S 100; $10..
Dennis M. O'Sulllvan. Martin Murray, O'Sul
llvan & Co.. Isadora O'Sulllvan and Nellie M.
Murray to Frederick T. and Hanora Wheeler,
lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 230 N of L
street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Peter R. and Emily J. Klein to Felix H.
Irvine, lot 10, block T, Park Lane Tract No. 5;
$10.
Oscar Heyman to Paul Slavlenskl. lot on W
line of Girnrd street. 20O S of Harkness, S 50
by W 120. block 34. Paul Tract: $10.
J. Fntnk and Marea Walters to Camllle H.
Poujol, lot on E line of Sanchez street. 325 S
of Thirtieth, S 25 by E 125, block 20, Fair
mount; $10. - • «
Amelia and Louis Goddal to H. E. Wlnkler,
lot on N line of Crescent avenue, S25 E of
South, W 25 by N 100; $10.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
Mexican .....1 05 1 10 Utah ...i . ... 3ft 37
Gould & Cur.. 39 40 Bullion 04 05
Best & Bel... 2 00 2 10 Exchequer ... "01 02
I'on Cal & Va.l 40 1 45 8eg Belcher... OS 10
Savage ls 10 Overman 25 27
Chollar 20 22 Justice 14 15
Potosi 24 25 Union 85 87
Hale & Nor.. 54 5fi Alta ..... 01 02
Crown Point.. 21 23* Julia 02 Ot
Yellow Jacket 70 71.Caledonla . ...l'.tO 1 .'15
Imperial 04 05 Silver Hill ... 88 91
Kentuck 0.'$ OSChallenge .;. 46 4»
Alpha OB 07Occidental ... 30> .12
Belcher 4-1 44. Lady Wash... — 05
Confidence ...1 23 1 40' Andes » 00 11
TONOPAH MINES.
Hid. Ask. | Bid.Ask.
Colehan 20 21 Rescue 14 —
Ksperanza ... W • 07. Ton Belmont. .2 05 2 10
Eula : 25 — Tono & Cal.. 22 —
Gipsy Queen. 27 30 Tono. Fraction — 75
Gold Mt Con. 10 — ,Tono & G W. 02 08
Lucky Tom C. 00 — ,Tono of Nev.. — 8.00
MacNamara . ! 25 27. Tono N Star. 54 56
Mlzpah'.....- — 45 Tono Midway. 43 47
Montana Ton . 87 00 Tono Union N 50 —
N York Tono. — 25 Tono & 3 L.. — 55
Paymaster ... 16 18 United Tono.. 16 —
Pine Grove. . .50 —-^Utopia , 30 , 30
WELDON. Colo.. July 15.— Lightning killed
Mrs. Btephenson and her two-year-old grand
daughter in a beet field two miles west of
this olace to-day.
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
NUMBERS
— or the—
Honduras - National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
Single Number Class "G," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, July 11, 1003.
No. * Prize. No. Prize. No. Prise.
138 $120 248 16 388 24
490 IS 610 24 733 24
848 16 M» 16 020..... 24
943 40 1068..... 16 1088 24
1103 40 1166 16 1498 18
1691 16 1593 40 1608 18
1633 16 1842 40 2018 24
2106 40 2193 80 2360 16
• 2511..... 1 40 2514..... 24 3024 12O
3166 16 3178 24 3161. ..i. 16
3292 80 3800 80 38S3 40
3896..... ltj 4002....: 16 4099 40
4283 16 4475 24 4375 24
4049 24 4714 40 47S7 16
4S15 16 4920 16 4937 40
4050 24 5143 16 5263 80
5298..... 24 6463 24 5510 24
5521 16 5532 40 5583 60
5«74..;.. 16 5710 16 5770 24
5796 16 5895 16 5910 16
«2O7 40 6304 2416308 16
6376 40 6383..... 16 6527 18
6C56 40 6838.^... 16 7186 40
7223 24 7369 24 7374 ! 80
75CS 16 7597 40 7865 40
7978 24 8125 16 8360 24
8420 16 6663 16 8726 18
8746 40 8828 16 S933 24
8»:i7 ¦ 16
0231. 161 9423 24 9427 4O
1*452 16| H720 40 9749..... 1000
lCt©7 • 16|10111 40 10251 80
10317. 40110496 40 1O.V>5 24
Ifio07..... 24110049 1«J 11068 16
11102 • 16111131 16 11138 18
111S4..... 40S11233 40J11385,.... 40
IH05 ieill593 24 116.11 40
11723 16I118M) 24)11877 24
UIK)6 16 11933 .2412065 16
12228 24 12306 16 12322 4O
12494 24 12538 »OJ12546 40
12H0S '16 12756 16 13176 24
132tX) 16 13202 24 13298 16
13387 120 13400 24113443 24
13483 16 13466. . A . . 18J13474 40
1345)8 400 13529 40*13628 16
13848 120 1383* 16il3979 40
14019! 16 14026 40 14043 16
14124. 16 14153 16 14380. .... 18
144S7 24I147.T9 16 14834 80
14962 ' 40115032 24 15044 16
15057 40115065 1*5 15131 40
15149..... 16115201'..... • I«;i5243..... 40
15317 24JUVV>7 1ft! 15*33 16
13S83 24 15754 16|l5774 40
16072 24 16105. .... 80l16181 24
10228 18 16325 80116387 80
1C390..... 24il6»!23 80:16653 120
16682 1616821..... 16J16S28 24
17014 16 17167 24 17240 16
17308 24 17503 24 17569 12O
17«t!2 24*17709 16 17743 80
17918 24 17993 40 18178 40
18217 24 18488 16 18505..... 24
lStiUl 8015S26 24 19968 16
1SMIS6 16 19116 40 19130 24
19211 . 18 19212 24 19215 24
19408 40 19452 40 19484 21
10501 16
19517 40 19605 24 19CC8..... . 24,
10765 16 19929 16 19933 80
10947 24 20050 40 20UI3 16
20147 24 20186 16|2f«20 4C0 !
20358 24 20567 16 20578 40;
20596 24 20633 24 20043 40
207J2 2420332 16 21051 18
21076 24 21181 24i2l224.i... 40
21302 1621340 24121471 80
21527 24 21696 ¦ 16|2187» 80
219S3 80 22022 24|22042 24
22070 SO 22215 80 22224 16
222.16 16 22237 24 22327 24;
22371 24 22737 4OJ227WJ 4O
22855 1622897 16I230J0 18
23091 40 23rt.H4 40 2CWI 16
2.J420 24 23596 16 23tfS4 40
23S79...'.. 24 23964 24 2.19*8 4O
24l»6 40 24303 16 24448 40
24463 24 24691 16 24715 16
24729 4024776 4O'24S11 24
24**1 80 24894 16 2492S 18
251B8 24 25190 40 25JJS4 24 '
25405 24 25503 18 25713 2*
25778 40 25S0S • 40 2584S 24
25020 120(26085 16 20219 24i
2tK'.(C 120i2tKM3 ' 16 2C4O7 40
26«9 400|2€847 24 2G78S 24
26M5 16 26840 ' 2128914 80
26942 16 2t»53 24 27(«5 16
27042 16 27154 16 27357 16
27417 1627448 24 27jt« 16
2703S 16 27680 16 27750 16
278til 10 27993 24 2X227 80
2K421..... 242M01 24J2S550 16
2S560 24 2S726 &012.SSU9 16
2S.S84 ' 16 | ¦••
290fi9 24 2915« 40I20283."... . 80
20299 16 29750 40297S2 24
209.17 120 20062 l«!3001» 2*
3C023 16 30029 SO 3O100 16
30184 16 .102.1S 24 30302 40
303JU 16.10367 16:30918 40
31191 40 31507 120 31552 16
S1K00 16J31673 1631703 24
:il7W>..... 24 31791 24 31794 18
.•{2085 1632317 16J32.144 40
32412 16 :t25<t+ 161:52589 80
32700 80132725 40132757 16
.127C8 ... S0132786 80132839 16
3308* 1613.124.1 24133258 . 16
3328S 16l.in.-J.10 40I3.-W36 40
3347S 1613.1507 1613.1543 24
33366 16 33572 16 3.1605 24
83609 24 3.1676 16J33715 80
330C2;.... 161:13087 4013.1099 80
34107 80f341.11 24134472 16
34549 1634653 4O!.1467.1 24
34*38 1634S44 16J350O4 .24
3-Wxt ... ie!331S4 lfli.15.108 24
X5.1«e ... 401.15440 40;355K3 40
3M12 24J15676 16*35734 40
55780;;Iv! 1HI13S44 16 33S73 40
35*75* ... 80,35942 16
30013 16.16000 40.16316 40
383f7! ... 24.16301 24j.16529 40
S6727 .... 16 38815 80)36846. . . . . 24
30054 -. 16S3B056 40 37035 2000
371<*2l.... 8O]371tt5 16 37181 18
37325 24 37346 16 37300 16
37«1 16(37891 ..•-.. 40.18070 16
3S°77 16.18.127 16 38584 24
SS385*.... 24(39125 24 39155 16
T.0308 16 39481 80 39>B1 18
30882 6040301..... 16 40343 40
40438 16 40039 16 40652 16
406&7 .... 16 40816 80 41005 40,
41017 1641029 80 41043 16'
410JHJ 1641214 1G|413O3 16;
4143B 16 41741 16 41749 1«
418S9 .... 1641891 24 41911 80
41944 16 42049 10 42072 24
42136..... 10 42200 16 42308 24
42422 ... 40 42454 24 42477 24
4*530 ... 1642C51 40 42004 16
42732 1643107 16 4.1134 24
43170 16 43387 16 4.1417 24
43480 24 4.1520 80 43367 40
43700 16143968 24(43976 16
43905 24!
44221 16144142 241444.15 2*
44451 24 44008 16 44722 80
447JI7 16 44SKS 40;44877 . 40
44S78 .... 24 44024 24144932 24
4.-.C51 16450S4..... 40 45176 80
43427 24 45480 16 4R5S7 80
43705 24 45763 16 43765 W>
45SS6 16 45945 16 46CS7 24
4U100 40 48216 16:46219 24
4t!4rt» 40 40901 1646954..... 40
4«99» 16 47047 16|47157 1«
471«2 8047167 24 47211 18
47245 ... 40 472«4 40 47571 24
47814 16 478H1 16;48011..... 16
48183..... 10 18.139 24 48582..... 24
4S016.*.. 164SS.11 1204SS97 -24
4S9U2 16 400S6 120 49328 24
iu3S0 40491S3 1649434 24
49448. ... 24 40570 24 40398 24
407SO 24 49808 24 498C8 " 40
498S7 , 404997.1 16 50033 16
r ,C0«6 i 2450331 1630368 18
60487 ... 24 5C608 24 50672 80
50724 16 30838 1« 50908 ' 16
G0001 .... 245100S..... 120,51155..... 24
Sl*>24 ... 24 51526 40 51347 . 24
82031 i. 16 321Q*..'.. 16 32127 40
62104 ..'- 16 32229 40 52288 24
JS2.109 ' 16 32352 40 324 42.... ". 40
5"3«5 ... 16 32658..... 24'527r» 16
{WT ... 10152904 40 32927 SO
6294B 40 02948 .16 ¦.'-'¦
MO77 .. 16 53141 16 53208..... 18
r.3°70" .. 40 533-10 24 53373; . .... 40
13387" -.. 1653497 24 5.1604 80
M67fl... 16 5.1740 40 53771 18
53938 ; 8O,540«7 24 34192 24
541M '.. J. 54414 S054445 10
31507 .'.... 4 ,«45.->:l 40i54624..... 18
54034 .. 24,54363 16 54932 . 16
54044* .. 4055009 400 55197 1©
55210* 40 55391..... 16 55.197 40
5S414 2455475 1653333 24
5nJj4 1655559 16 55C15 18
7,:,-?." ... 40 56209 20156490 24
StMUl". 165C769 405«S31 24
500»i7 1656910..... 16 5fi»45 -. 16
f£276 16372S0 16 57293 24
57447 24 57476 40574S2..... 24
57560 80 57665 18.37761 16
5S125..... 16 58133...... 16(58133 18
58149 1658211 40138254 16
5S3.55 ...'. 4058381 24 38304 24
OSCOS 80 58030 24 586C1 .*.... 40
587-v; ... 16 58807 24 5800© 12O
6S928 16 58978..... m 38995 16
69030 .... 24 39093 1651157.,... 16
50.127.--... 18 59423 80 59435/.... 40
59515 24 30t'08 24 50622 24
GJHCS 8O596SO 24 50712 1«
5JJSC8 4050360..... 24 60002 18
GO^m 16 602S8 16(50300..... 24
6<H10 4060438..... '24 60471 40
KO642..... 16 60664.... ;. 40 60668 400
6«72i;i... •l«!60759....«. 40 60760 40
G001S .... 40 60930..... 120
61079 . 16 81233 16 61272 18
«i:»O...... •• 16 613S8 24 81446. .... 16
B1431 160150& 4081848..... 1«
61875.... 24 02004 16 62102 1C
82203 ' 24 62205 16 62483 IB
6*>77»' i'.'.. ' 24C2902..... 24 63087 16
(J312T5 24 0313.1 40 63162 18
63189 16 63215 40 83275...... 16
«KK7..... 24GX148 16*53367 8000
•SMl.T..... 24 «3589 8O'«3643 1«
63«7S 1« (JSttSO 16J64002...:. 120
041*4 24 84005 16 64162 24
64165...... 1664194 24 64204 .40
B424O.....' 24 64275 - 16I844A3 40
C4G05 1664G32 .2416MS9 IS
No. Prize. Xo. Prize. INo. Prlz*.
M738 24*4740 16 (HMO 24
65118..,,. 1668138..... 24 05203...'..' ' 1«
6523«...>. 16 65253. .._ -40 65601 <l ...-. 4*»
««3« 16 65640 24 65653..... 8<>
«3743 80 ) 65795 16165S91....,, 19
«M80 24 66034 24 66074 40
««21« 1666407 80 66333...... 18
667*5. 1667033 16 67048 120
«Ji«5 16 672S0 16 672tf> 2t
«730« 16 67363..... 16 67*37 1*
•1*55 24 67C20 16 6760S 4O
6JJM 1867958. 40 67087 24>
«810» 16 68151 16 68180.;... 8<>
«8219 4068397 24 68414 1«
«S474 16 68560 16 68577 16
6S3S4 24 685M 16 68600 80
6S689 18 68733..... 16 68873 18
6S927 16 69086 24 69210 16
68225 16 69270 1* 60313..... 8O
60350 16 68470 16 69583..... 2*
SMJOO 16 60658 «0 (ttXSO 1«
6881S 4068972 16 70250 8O
70356 24 70475..... 16 70672 24.
70579 16 70583...... 24 70641 ' 24
71026 16 7107S 16 71002 1«
71129 1671133..... 16 71161 1*
71171 16 71220 24 71277 80
71280 80 71432 80 71464..... 1ft
71468 16 71607 24 7163S 16
71«77 1671800..... 24 71807..:.. 8O
71S38 40T1903 24 71924 '. lft
72013 40 72062 24 72424 1ft
72426 24 72668 24 72713...,. 8«>
72803 8O73020 16 73179..,.. ' 4O
73296.. .... . 40 73470 lrt 73810. .... 40
73656 1673828 2474004..... .24
74028 1674033 16 74115 £O
74423 16 7447T 80 7*535 18
74900 16 74831 24 75001..... 24
73017 4073003..... 1673110..... 24
75117 4075232 16 75485. . . . . 40
75491 12075668 16 75712 24
73760 16 75781 10O> 75863..... 4O
76773 16 76844..... 16I77OS4 16
77059 24 7712S .24177303,.... lft
77323 .30000177633 16 77667..... 1ft
77816 80 77830 16 77880....'. 24
77912 16 78078..... 16 7S22S 24
7R239 1678341 16 78408 . 80
78429 1678493 ' 16 7S494 8ft
78558 24 78597 40 78712..... 24
78781 80|78891 40<78»08 24
78903 24 79<>08 24 79231 24
70282 24 79323 120479383..... 18
79493 24 79568 16179648 400»>
70714 40 79728..... 1*179733 . 18
70737 16 79849,.... 16|79«94 24
79939 16 80000 80|80108..... 18
i 80129 24J80153 16;80233. . . . . . 2t
802!>T ' 4080316 24,8044s....;- 24
¦ 804*4 24S0520 401?K»22..... 18
80B43 1680562 40iS0645 * 40
SO781 4080*57 16;*0866 18
80894 40iS09S3 16,81051..... 18
81156 1681171 16181173 24
81301 24|S1458 241S1513. .... 24
81727 16J81813 16182004 4O
82041 24|82159..... ' 16182306.... .: 24
82334 S0:<trm 16:82491 l*>
82642 l«i«27«3 16'C769 80
82772..... 16*2812 16S29S5 40
83079 40:83214 1683241 80
83269 40JS3306 16IS3601 18
83743 40*3761 24i«3796. .... 18
83842 24 A3902 16184240 24
84257 16 84331 16J84388 IS
84539 24,84509 24 84798 18
84818 40 ! <H858 16 84882 SO
84942 16|85043 16;*31S3 80
S3243 16*5304 16,85332 '. . 18
85336 2 » 85.150 24,85403 16
85475..... 16I«5490 40183324 18
85011 24IS6052 1«1962*1 1«
862»1 16.8C360 2496422 40
80451 16 S6695 80.S6703 40
86920 40 S6»43 16|S7170 IS
87270 24 S7341 16;S7399 4O
,87568 16 87380 16|975*7 18
87924 24!«7933 16;<*7978 1«
87978 40|«798» 16:88088 40
, *S002 16 ! «8120 lt>|*8223 80
, S833» 10nOiS8573 lfii«8«05. .... l«
M011 i«!SS»45 24iSS99» 21
89130 24'«US4 1689288 24
8S200 10,89367 lt>,S96ei 10
¦ S9726 40]StM0l 40 ; S8S65...^ 18
80004 40'«H»O9 120,89953 18
8t»WW M&VZJ 4«i»0(»l 4t>
90159 40190216 80J00256 24
90335 16 90341 40J903SI 24
9O4S9 16:90559 24|9O738 80
90791 24|90R5t 16;SKi*69 1«
90889 .... I«««iftl4 24 90092 4O
91076 24191154 .. 16|91170 24
01218 16,91342....'. 16,91433 *D
01583 1R91WV4 4091664 8O
91«33 40!91»41 24191963 18
i 0°012 . 1692203 l«if»CUl3 40
lP223l! 16J92233 24i922S3 1«
IOS9 24J92446 24,92480 40
02522 16 9232ft 16192708 40
02741 16,5>2StV4 16132051 40
93022 16193098 16:93129 16
83184 16 03332 24! 034:1 1 16
193493 24 93702 16194016 18
94106 24,94148 4094222 80
04321 16194419 1694421 1«
94462 160452O_.... 16 945:56 12O
94501....'. 16;9472OT.... 80194832 16
05087 ' 24:>513S 24 95152 1«
03227 lGKKJtS 2495323 4O
95333 40i95383 16 95440 40
J)M46 24195569 24i»5«W.. > .. lb
»5fiOH 20195749 120,95793 W)
05858 40 95887 l«|959l!» Z\
0595-1 24J95986 40!9«O2O ltt
(HiO63 40 9<fl.10 16:96153 16
{W«64 16i9O412...». 10'9B49.T . lrf
06328 16I965S3 16960B5 24
00M72 - 24'9«721 24'9«W10 21
06S6S lC9«.S>>0 40197073 JO
97257 24197416 16197496 . SO
97507 16:97538..... 16J97643 24
07709 80(97765 24j977S4 21
07797..... 1«|97OS» 80|98023 Id
08060 t0i9S0«» 40!9ST28.^..". 24
0S370 4O-9S573 24!98508 1«
9R698 16;9S740...i. 40I9.S874 24
089.TO ie;98966 16'99053 24
00109 120'»0135 4Oi«U«0 40
{i»fi77 24'»9678 120(99732 24
IP9751 16:90825 16199684 2*
99909 80) |
Approximation prizes — 100 numbers from
77273 to 77373 Inclusive, being fifty numbers
on each side of- the number drawing the
capital prlz« of $30.000— *40. . . .
100 numbers from 63317 to 63417 Inclusive.
j beinc fifty numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $8000— $24. ]
ICO numbers from 79598 to 79**98 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of th« number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— $16. . .
Terminal prizes — 099 numbers ending ¦ with
23, being the last two figures of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000— $8.
090 numbers ending with 67 being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
prize of $8000— $3.
The subscriber having supervised the. single
number drawing class "O," Honduras Xationai
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortex. Hon
duras, C. A., this Saturday. July 11. 1909.
(Signed.) • J. W. 9. CABEL.'
Commlssloner. State of X*w Tork. City of
New York. County of Kings.
$15 COO FOR H-ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAP
ITAL. PRIZE.
Jacob Meyer being duly «worn. Reposes and
saya that he is the tona-3de owner of one
half ticket No 60.T45 class "F" of th« Hon
duras National Lottery Company, the draw
ing of which took place at Puerto Cortea. Hon
duras, C. A., on Saturday. June 13th 190H.
and said number drew the first capital priz»
of $30,000 ind he received the money in full
i upon surrendering aforesaid Uegg^
1088 Flushing ave.. Brooklyn. N. T.
Sworn to before me this ZJrd day Of Jane.
1903 - MAX BALMOXWnSH.
Notary Public. State of Louisiana. Parish of
Orleans. City of New Orleans.
$1000 FOR 5O CENTS— ONE-FOCRTH OF
THIRD CAPITAL PRIZE. ...'
Before me Edward Rlghtor. a notary public
in and for the Parish of Orleans, personally
appeared Fellden Colin, who being duly iworn.
i deposed and said that ha resides at 1901 Roya!
street. New Orleans. La., that he U the holder,
and ownir of one-fourth " of ticket No. 38127
of the Honduras National Lottery Company,
<UA State Lottery) and that th» said ticket
drew the third canital prtz» of $4000 at tha
drawing held at Porto Cortez. Honduras. C.
A on Juh* 13th. 1900. and the said ticket
was paid him In cash on presentation. - ,
Sworn to and mibtcrlbed to. before me this
JUB * EDWARD RIOHTOR. Notary Pnbllc.
raoo for so cents— one-fol-rth of
WV^ FIRST CAPITAL. PRIZE.
State of Illinois. County of Cook, City of
Chicago.
Joseph Miller, .being duly. sworn, saya: .-.
That he la the bona flde owner of one-qtxar
ter of ticket of the Honduras National Lottery
Co. No 69343. Class "F." th« drawing of
which took place at Puerto Cort«z. Honduras.
C A on Saturday. June 13th. 1903. which
ticket " drew the first capital prize of . twenty
thousand dollars, of which h» became entitled
to seven thousand five hundred dollars, which
he has this day received In fulL (Signed) ¦
JOSEPH MILLER (His X Mark*.
116 Fourteenth place.
Witnesses to mark— N. MUl«r and Abe, Wm
6 Sworn to before me this 22d day of Jna*
19<XJ * H. S. SILVERBERO. Notary Public
$'»000 FOR 50 CENTS — ONE-FOURTH OF
THE SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE. . '
State of Pennsylvania. County of Philadel
phia, on thl» 24th day of June. A. D. 1903.
personally appeared before me. a notary public
In and for the aforesaid county, A. B. Croth
ers, who, being duly sworn, deposes and says
that he resides at 1S0O East Passynnk ave..
Philadelphia, and that he Is the true and bona
flde owner of one-quarter ticket No. S7S» of the
Honduras -National Lottery Company. Class
••F." drawing held on Saturday, June 13, 1903.
a t Puerto Cortes. Honduras. C A., and which
number drew the second capital prize of $$000,
and he received the money in full.
A. B. CROTHERS.
Sworn to and subscribed to before m« this
day. (Signed)
RICHARD J. BAXTER. Notary FabUc.
Originals of ¦ foregoing affidavits ' held ' by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana State Lottery Co.).
Newfoundland exports over $7,000,000 a
year of flsb— nearly all co4. /
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1903.
13
RE\L ESTATE CITY — FOR SAXJ3.
THOMAS MAGEE 4 SONS]
Real Estate Agents. 6 Montgomery st.
' CLAX-^TREET RESIDENCE LOT.
Magnificent .-lot on North side of Clay st., close
to Lafayette Square.
«0 feet front by 127:8 feet deep.
The best residence locality ln the city, sur-
rounded by fine homes; close to car Unas, close
to a fine square and close to downtown.
SUTTER-BT. BUILDING- LOT.
North side, near Devisadero; 3 fine-sized lots,
with a depth of 137:6 feet: street and sidewalk
bltumtnized: granite curbing: cars passing
close to it; D«vlaadero-st. car line; lot level
and ready to build on; cheapest piece of prop-
erty being offered to-day in that neighborhood.
PRICE. $ll.C00.
CHARMING Mill Valley Is growing very fast
2Cew houses are springing up on all sides.
Land values are increasing rapidly. Lyon &
Hoax have placed a new tract on the market,
ripht at the station, and are selling lota at
from $S to $12 per front foot on terms of 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly. Over 80
lots have been eold recently. Streets iare
graded, water mains laid, electric lights,
etc.; p:t nil old trees. Don't delar, but get
In on the ground floor. Branch offlce, Mill
Valley, crpen Sundays. Send for booklet.
LYON & HOAG, 11U Montgomery st.
A SMALL tract of land that is wooded and
has stream, or creek, Jn slt*ly location. Is
recuir*-^ b;- « club within reasonable dl«-
atnee "t Ssr. Francisco; stat» price -and give,
dtpfiiption; propositions will be considered
r.lso «¦•* land on McCloud River, or in Lake
Tahot region. W. J. GUNN. 630 Califbr-
Bla.lt. -:
WHOLE block of houses Just started near tha
Park on Carl. Cole. Shrader&Parnassus ave. :
plans term*, prices to euU; apply premises.
JAMES P.OtTNTREE ft CO.. 137 Carl st.
FOR SALE — House of 8 rooms, high base-
ment; tunny side of Nineteenth St.. between
Valencia and Mission: must sell; no reason-
able offer refused. STEPHENS & CO.. 221
Powell Bt. ¦ -'
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA-
NT 611-612 Callaghaa building, will buy you
a lot and build you a house; small c&sh pay-
ment- $8 per month pays principal and tn-
tereFt on each $1000 of balance due.
NEW houses and flats 'on Second ave. and C
t,t for saJe oa easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices \to suit you; open.
•"750 HOUSE. 6 roomi; bath; 2 patent clos-
"ets: ttable; nice tarden; bargain. Box 1193,
Call office.
FOR sale — New 7-room modern cottage; nicely
decorated; easy terms. 27 Lizzie, nr. 30th
and Mission. Apply owner, 3252 Mission st.
INVESTMENTS couth of Market st. from $1500
to $15,000, paying from lOvto 15 per cent.
Syndicate Investment Co.. 207 Montgomery.
50x100; NORTHWEST corner Folsom and
Eighteenth sts. ; It controls the crossing. Call
at 213S Folsom st.
HOME lets ln the Mission, $500; $10 monthly:
no Interest. Owner, 636 Clay St., room L
CHEAPEST and best ln America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market ct
POINT UICHMOMJ REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — 127 acres near Point Richmond:
price $17,500. Address A. B. PATRICK tc
CO.. 415 Front St., Pan Francisco.
BERKELEY ABYF.RT1SEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3r*O— 7-ROOM house, barn; large lot; on
Ftreet car line; exceptional easy terms to
responsible party.
jXCOO 6-room house; lot 35x135; one square -ot
Grove-st- cars. 1
$2500 — 5-room houee; lot 50x135; one square
from Berkeley station.
$1650 — 6-rocm houne. near College ave.; lot
40x120.
$1000 — Lot 45x125, east side Fulton; street
¦work done.
$1600—5 rooms end bath; 35x135; Parker St.
$1600 — 4-room cottage-; lot 60x135.
$2500 — 7 rooms and bath; lot 60x100; half
block to csrs.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
STOP PAYING RENT.
A new 6-room cottage, bath, stationary tubs,
patent toilet, gas and electric light; street
work done: price $2500; terms, small cash
pajtnent, balance to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln.
Open Sundays.
HAVE YOU $1200? f~
If so I can sell you the best 5-room cottage
ln Berkeley; nice garden; street work done;
close to station and streetcars; price $2400;
terms, one-half cash, balance to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln.
Open Sundays.
SEE THIS HOUSE.
A beautiful new 7-room house; strictly up to
date; convenient to station and streetcars;
street work done; price $30<A>; term», only
$250 c&sh, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin.
Open Sundays. -
Alex. Murdock tc Co.. Lorin station. Berkeley —
Keal estate brokers, owners, builders, etc
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
0JF5TCE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100 DOWN — In Piedmont; monthly pay-
1 menu; cottage of & room*, all ln nice
condition; close to cars; street work all
done.
J3C00 — Nearly new, modern colonial Cottage of
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing, all' In
fine condition; lot 60x140 (note the size);
street work all done; stone sidewalks
laid; cpen lawn; choice residence loca-
tion; near Grove st ; fine barn, gravely
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees:
most fc« sold; owner away: cannot be
duplicated at the price; must be seen to
be appreciated; terms of payment If de-
sired. V • •
$3500— EastlaJce cottage of 6 roams, bath, high
basement; lot 34x132; good email barn;
all in fine condition; for rent at $25 per
month; No. 6C7 25th St., near Grove.
Fend for 8-page printed catalogue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1236 Broadway. - Oakland, Cal.
INVESTMENTS.
$9,000 — One of the best business corners, 50\
75 feet; center of the city; cheap at $12,-
500.
$7,500 — Lot 50x100, with four stores; between
Broadway and Washington; cheap at
$10,000; all rented. s - . ::
$1,500—50x100; business corner with six stores;
ln Alameda; all rented; cost $7500.
$80,000— lOuxlOO ft.; 3-story brick bloc; one of
the finest corners with half block selling
for $2000 front foot; cheap at $100,000.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Tel. Cedar 35L 1230 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
CHICKEN ranch, very complete and cheap;
good C-rm. farm house large barn. 10 chicken
houses. 3 Incubators (000 capacity), brooding-
houses and brooders: good horse and wagon:
600 chickens. 200 pigeons; plenty fine water,
with power; abundance of small fruit, shrub-
bery, berries, shade trees, etc.; all fenced: 0
chicken yards; 1% acres sandy loam soil; this
Is a lovely site and home; see it at once; ad-
joining East Oakland; no fogs nor harsh
winds here; price, all. told. $3500; one-half
cash, balance to suit buyer. Call or send for
circular. 155 7th St.. opp. Broadway station,
Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES.
WANTED for cash customer, some Realty Syn-
dicate 0 per cent certificates at a discount.
. ALSO '¦..•¦
For sale, 8 lots near Idora Park, 201 feet
east of Telegraph ave., at $225; cash.
W. E. BARXARD.
476 Tenth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FtlR.MTURE FOR. _S ALE.
FURNITURE rood and cheap thla month. H.
fcCHELLHAAS. 406 Eleventh st, Oakland.
Victor and Eugenie Dupuls. and sister of
Victor Dupuls, -a, native of New Orleans,
aged 30 years 4 months and 3 days.
v ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited : to attend the funeral services
Friday, Jnly 17, 1003, at 10:30 o'clock, at the
undertaking parlors of Iacchert. Ducloa &
Co.,- 629 Broadway, between Stockton and
Dupont streets. I Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
WALSH— In Oakland. July 15, 1903. Clorlnda
Margaret Walsh, beloved mother of Dr. J.
W. Walsh and Mrs. M. J. Tlerney, and sis-
ter of Mrs. C. H. Koelng and Mrs. William
H. Manning, a native of Ireland. • aged 48
years 10 months and 20 days.
'£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 17, 1903, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
! residence. 915 Twenty-first street, thence to
Bacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hex soul,, commencing 'at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
WARD— In San Rafael. July 15, 1903, Wllllatn
- O., beloved husband of Hattle M.- W»rd, end
father of Chester G. and Winnie R. Ward,
a nativ* of Illinois, aged 47 yeara 9 months
and 18 days.
WILKENS— In Oakland, July 14. 1903. Charles
John Conrad Wilkens, beloved husband of
Dolores Shaw de Wilkens, and father of
Dolores A. Wilkens.. a native of Germany,
aged 78 years. (New Tork papers please
copy.) . • ,
ICy-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
family residence. 1034 Adeline street, Oak-
land. Interment private.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"^OFFICIAL.
THE
LITTLE LOUISIANA COMPANY
Of San Francisco.
0BGANIZED 1901.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ,
- •nTTT'fYR'E" purchasing tickets, see that our
mark F 'S.P.& Co.'yis on the face and back of
ALL GENUINE tickets of the LITTLE
LOUISIANA CO. of San Francisco, or the
LITTLE i.BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA CO. of
San Francisco have the Initials S. P..& Co. on
every ticket.. . • * - - , , ¦ . ' ,
Following are.' the capital prize numbers in
the July 11 drawing, as decided by the Hondu-
ras National Lottery, qompany:
No. 77323 draws first capital prize 975OO
v Soldin 8an Francisco, Cal.
No. 63367 draw* second capital prize.. $2000
Sold In San Francisco,^ Cal. .
No. 79O4K draws third capital prize.... $1000
, Sold in- San Francisco, Cal.
No.' 37065 wins $300 prize. Sold ln San
Francisco. . Cal. , . ' '
Nos. .O74O and 8853O win -$250 each. Sold
In San - Francisco, Cal. .
Nos. 134OO. . 2O32O. 2«62O, .IWiOttO and
(MMillS win $100 each. Sold in San Luis Obis-
po, San Jose and San Francisco, ,Cal. t •
PERSOXALS.
RHEUMATISM. . kidney trouble and nervous
diseases cured at Institution of Science, Glas-
gow bldg., 105 Ellis et.. rooms 7-8; advice
and examination free by mall or at '-otrict;
cases treated privately. DR. J. R- 11 .':
•upt. The science of dregless healing taught
to responsible persons only. m
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox pitting* and scars • clen , unc *'i'L, I T""
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine: special demonstrations \™' ***~
Call or wrttVDR. L. WILLIAMS. 3.1 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a paisley home trratment; in-
dorsed and used by leading Physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential: in plain, •**'"
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk rt. ; Bruce D. Rlmrols. aigr.
WANTED— »99 men » 1th eralp dlt * ea f ''.t"^?.
of hair and baldness prevented {^,^} r^.
mall, blank for stsmrt; r on * ult f at rF« fr T
*:30 to fl. Sundays 10 to »2-.,^&- G M ? rke 'V
GARLOW, Specialist. room_21S. .*?« fliarKet.
THE Star IUlr'Smedyrestores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth: stops »l"» n *- <niw f &*?£™ f [
and Itching scslp: no stain or stickiness,
cleanses scalp; st drurFi*te\ a ' r , <J "'|s^ '^"
cept no substitute. Starjterned.v Co. t 3S5Ge»nr.
NOT how chear. but how good, i* the motto .of
the manularturcrs of the llspld Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-daj. J.
_ W. EVAXP. "« fn l;_illrj Market ft.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' px "^ rt< "" ce > ;. t CUr £,, P * r :
manently morrhine. roraln* ,h* b »- ,£*" ° r
address Central Phsrmary. 851 Grant a\e..
corner gutter ft.; jreejmoderate.
AT lm tb*i roft uncalled for rults. overcoats
IndTr^s °£VHARLES LTONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market ft.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sundnv ever.ir.jr* «it Teutonla Hall. Howard
et., near Ninth; Tranapemrnt Prof. Foster.
FLFGAVT fuits rn easv installments: f«O certs
and ur P«* week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ktt ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
fTITS to order on installments, fl per week.
Neuhsus A Co.. merch.tallorg.727-729 Market.
ALL stvles hafrtfressinr. 25r; hair goods: mani-
curing £V\ G. LEPERER. 123 Stockton ft.
TAILOR MAPE f=ult $7 50: dress pants $2 &o.
Misfit Clething Parlor, cor. Bush and Pup"nt.
pt*PERFL.T.'Ol"S hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Pr.&Mry.Traverse.mflMarket.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country crflert. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
r.air to Its natural color: tl : at ail rtrucciyts.
CuperCuous hair & moles removed with elec-
trlc needle. Mrs. & M'.ss Eaton. 1110 Putter.
TARICOEE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call cr write for testimonials. Dr. ViILL-
IAMS CO.. 140 Gearv ft.. 9. F.
PnOPERTV WASTED.
TTANTED — Two houses. Western Addition; B
to 8 rooms. S50 Market Et.. room f>.
BOOMS_FORJIOi;SEKEEPKG.
A NEW apartment house; furnlfhed and un-
furnished room*: new management: elevator;
hot end cold water. lft*» Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 30S
Sd et.: $5 ur: also beautiful rooms tl week.
EIGHTH Id*, near Market— Furnished bed-
room and kitchen adjoining.
FILLMORE, 221J» — 4 large furnished rooms;
bath; housekeeping: choice; $30.
GROVE 3*1— 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms: every
convenience: bath, gas: private family.
HERBERT (The) — Funny apartments for
housekeeping : Pas ranges; JuM newly fur-
nlsaed. 15J0 Polk st.
HOWARD. 1S31— Large, runny parlor, bedroom
and large re»I kitchen; reference; no children.
KEARNT 104—3 newly papered sunny unfur-
r.iehed rooms; J20; references.
NATOMA. 1007. nr. 11th— Large furn.
room, with or without housekeeping; private.
OAK, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; sink,
pas rar.ge, hot bath, laundry; adults $12;
single $5.
6UTTER. £67 — Sufcny rooms completely fur-
nlehed for housekeeping; reasonable; running
water; bath; phone.
VALENCIA. 1S7 — Three large, funny rooms,
furnUhed complete for housekeeping; separate
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no email children; rent $22 SO.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
?ui.MrHptir.ns r.as been established at 1036
Valencia ft
ROOMS TO LET— Fum. and I'nfnrn.
A. A. — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FP.EB
¦We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN IS TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAT UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A— HOTEL GRATSTONE.
C6 GEARV £T.. PHONE BUSH 8S0.
CENTRALLY LOCATED; ELEGANT SUITES.
WITH BATH AND SINGLES.
•V— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms
26c to tl per night, fl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," P73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c. fl, $1 60 night;
tl T>0 tc SU) week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
tner.tg for hkpg.; gtrtctiy mod.; elec. elevator. 1
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
batb; running water; references. 6S9 Post et.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlthed rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD, 2<J4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FAIR OAKS. 210 — Furnifched or unfurnished
tor light housekeeping; gas.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice front room; also single
rocms
GEARY. 402— Nicely furnished eunny rooms,
g2 60 to $4 f/» tier week; strictly quiet.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to tl 50 r.lght; $2 to $0 week: reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
elBO single roorce. f- to t7 week.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 Sixth— Beautifully
famished rocms; single or en suite; $1 per
»etk up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Pur.ny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
XIOYAL House. 126 E:i!s— Incandescent lights,
reading -room. Binoktng-rooin end ladies' par-
Jor; rooms per night. 35c to II 50; week. J2
to $6; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
CUTTER. 067— Nicely furnished parlors; low
rent; especially well suited for office..
5X> LET— A newly furnlrhed front bay-window
room In new modern flat, with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third end Market ets. ; north
eide of Market: handy to 3 car lines; ciuit
have references. Box 13. Call offlce.
1VRK. 418. Rerlna— Beautiful sunny suites &
¦taste; latest lir.pt s; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy et.. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; S5c to fl
r.lrht; $1 75 to |8 week; elevator, electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. E19 — Renovated; handsome
cur.ny furnished suites front rms; rood, oonv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d #t-. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to tl 50 night; f2 to $S wei-k; elevator;
elt-c. ligfcts; reading-room ; free bus ; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IWjC
V«len«-:a ft.
ROOMS A XI) BOARD.
AMOY~TIIE 5oT^EVXSA^B*ERO % ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or tingle; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NEKS. 1714— Select private boardlng-
l. "¦-«¦« rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
catlon; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church.
with annex. 807 California at. — Attractive ln-
terior; exceptional table: free billiard-room.
ELEGANT furnUshed rooms with board In re-
flned home. 1597 O'Farrell ft., cor. Laguna.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'FarreU st.— Sunny
rulf?8 and single rooms, with board; reft.
A WEEK'S news Tor B cents— The Weekly Call.
. 16 pereii. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
EtOOMS WAATEP.
TWO unfurnished rooms for housekeeping:
downstairs; ln a gulet r>mUy . ,„ Oakland,
Alameda or Fruitvale. Box l»08. Call offtce.
-_J!3J^lV^TEh8_A.\D SUPPLIES^
CR BAT_?ARGAilCS IN TTPEWRITERS-W*
s*ll better machines for less money than anr
0U tlJl^ «£' if : r «ital» «3. The Typewriter
Exchsgge 536 California: telephone Ma4n 2C6.
A tSSSl. eO ? a 1 i'r? xr «ter* at $30 each: get par-
romen?st ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
TD-HAND typewriters sold rented repaired.
Webster Typewriter ia Prec . Co.. 208 Bansorn*.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must b« handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
; '-.."\. ", MABRIED.
CLAIBORNE — HORTON— In this city, July 8,
1903. by- the -Rev. Joseph ..Worcester, James
H. Claiborne Jr. and Grace Horton, both of
San Francisco. , - 1 .
WHITE— LEMPP— In S SanOR'afael, July. 12.
1903, by the Rev. A. E. Urujlch, William A.
'White and Fannie J. Lempp, both of San
RafaeL •-. -- . .- -. r,
~ DIED.
Amatl. .Felix. ... -Kaeser. Alma M. L.
Biebesheimer, G. F. _ Merz, William
Binders, George Nicolal. Catherine
Braiden, Alexander _ O'Kee.fe, Margaret
Canty, Clara J. Pollack, William
Coates, John F. Raffetto, Lulgl
Cowan, Joseph H. Smith, John C.
Dlxon. Dr. Geo. A. ' Tamony, Cornelius
Dooling, James F. /Treeaugae, , Arman-
Graham. Sarah .- / tine
HobBon,,Mrs. C. F. 'Walsh. Clorlnda M.
Huated, Harold R. - "Ward, William G.
James. Caroline Wilkens. Chas. J. C.
AMATI— In this city, July 14, 1903, Felix.
¦ dearly beloved husband of Catherine, Amatl,
father of BetUca and Phyllis. Amatl, brother-
in-law of Miss Margaret Collins and Sister
Mary Bernard of the Order of the Holy Fam-
ily, a native of Turin. Italy, aged 30 years
.5 months end 2 days. •- • "
. E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- ¦
- fully invited to attend' the funeral Friday,
¦> July 17,'. at 9 o'clock, :from his late residence.
• 725 : Union' street, thence to Sts. Peter and
Paul's Church, Filbert and Dupont streets,
wh*re a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul ' commenc-
ing at 9 :30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . \»»
BIEBKSHEIMER— In this city, July 14. 1903.
Gustav F.. beloved son of Lena and the late
Peter Biebesheimer. and brother of George
I ! and Julius Biebesheimer, a native of Downle-
ville. Sierra County, aged 32 years 8 months
and 17 days. A member or Golden Gate
Parlor No. 29. N.> S. G. W. ; Past Presidents'
Association, N. S. G. W.. and Manzanita
Grove No. IOCS, U. A. O. D.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 17. at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother. Julius Biebesheimer, 1110 Vallejo
street, between Jones and Leavenworth
streets, where services will be held under
the ausDlcs of Golden Gate Parlor N&. 29,
N. S. G. W. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
. tery.
BINDERS— In this city, July 14. 11*03. George,
beloved eon of John J. and Mary E. Bind-
ers, and brother of Erma Binders, a native
of San Francisco, aged 5 .months and 15
days.
BRAIDEN — Entered Into rest, July 13, 1903,
Alexander Braiden of. San Ardo, Monterey
.County, Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 73
years. • v
ICTFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral* services
Saturday. July 1%, 1903, at 0 o'clock, at the
parlors of the Western Addition Funeral Di-
rectors. 1724 Dfvlsadero street, between Sut-
ter and Bush. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
CANTT— In thl* city, July 15. 1903. Clara J.
Canty (nee Waldier). beloved wife of Thomas
Canty, and mother of Clara, Irene, Myrtle,
Charles, Walter. Alfred and Thomas Canty,
a native of San Francisco, aged 47 years 8
months and 29 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at tt:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 329 Eureka street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer for ser-
vices at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COATES— In this city. July 14, .1903. John F.
Coates, beloved father of Mrs. Myrtle ten
Bosch and Charles and Chester Coates. a n«-
tlvo of England, aged 54 years 7 months and
14 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of.
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter'
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CQWAN— In this city, July 12. 1903. Joseph
Hamer. aged 24 years and 9 months, a native
of England, son of John Archibald and Mary
Cowan.
CTTlie funeral cortege will leave resi-
dence. 979 Golden Gate avenue, Friday, at
9:30 o'clock, and proceed by carriage to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, where service will be
held in chapel at 11:30 o'clock. Interment
private.
DIXON— In this city. July 14, 1900, at the
residence of his brother. Harry C. Dlxon,
1752 Folsom street. Dr. George Arthur Dlxon,
beloved son of. the late James D. and Mary
Dlxon. and beloved brother of Harry C, Jo-
. seph L. and the late Charles F. Dlxon, a
native of Mayfleld, Santa Clara County, Cal.,
aged 24 yeara 0 months and 10 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 7 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother, 1752 Folsom streel, thence by 8
o'clock train to Martinez for Interment. .
DOOLING— In this city, July 15. 1003. James
F. Doojlng, a native of Ireland, aged 50
years 11 months and 11 days.
GRAHAM— In this city, July 14, 1003, Sarah,
dearly beloved wife of George H. Graham,
beloved mother of Marie Graham, daughter
of the late Thomas and Annie Kiernan. be-
loved sister of Mrs.. Thomas Bunyan, daugh-
ter-in-law of Mrs. J. H. Graham, and sister-
in-law of, J. H. and R. I. Graham, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 3 months
and 1 day.
E7"Fi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
July 17, 1003. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, '3181 Mission street.- thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her s^ul,
commencing at 'J o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOBSON— In Oakland. July 14. 1903. Mrs.
Catherine F. Hobson, beloved mother of
Daniel W. Hobson, and sister of Mr*. Ruth
Miller of Oakland, Mrs. M. A. Macartney of
Des Mclnes. Iowa, and the late Mrs«» Frank
Wakefleld of Oakland, a native of New York.
HUSTED— In this city, July 15, 1903. Harold
Robert, beloved son of Robert L. and Ma-
belle C>. i I net »¦<!. a native of Oakland, Cal.,
aged 2 years 7 months and 15 days.
JAMES— In this city, July 14, 1903. Caroline
James, a native of New' York, aged 77 years.
KAESER— In this city. July 14, l!>03, (Girlie)
Alma M. L. Kaeser. beloved daughter of Ed-
ward and Adeline Kaeser, and sister of A.
J3. and Frank L. Kaeser, a native of Oak-
land, Cal., aged 1«1 years .'{ months and 8
days. (St. Joseph, Mo., papers pieass copy.)
JCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at'l o'clock, from the residence of
her j parents, 2045 Ellis street. Interment
Cyprass Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MERZ— In this city, July 15, 1903, William,
beloved husband of the late Amelia Merz,
father ot Wllhelmlna Merz, and stepfather
of Mrs. Rodemann. ' a native of Hessen-
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 52 years 3 months
nr.d 8 days.
NICOLAI— In thla city, July 15. 1903, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late William Nico-
lal, and devoted mother of Emma Xlcolal,
Mrs.. Edith Perasso and the late Mrs. Jo-
sephine Joost, a native of Dueseldorf, Ger-
many, aged (Vt years 11 months and' IS days,
(ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 431 Franklin street, thence to- St.
Ignatius Church, Van Nefs avenue, where a
high solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock.
O'KEEFE— In this city.' July 14, 1903, Mar-
garet E. O'Keefe, beloved wife of Daniel
O'Keefe, a native of Calaveras County, Cal.,
aged 48 years.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 10 o'clock, -from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POLLACK— In this city, July 15, 1003, Wil-
liam Pollack, beloved husband of Ann' L.
Pollack, and father of ' Leslie Pollack, a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years.
. inyRemalns at the funeral parlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
RAFFETTO — In this city, July 15. 1903. Lulgi,
dearly beloved husband of the late Rosa
Raffetto, and father of John, Frank, Nicho-
las and Carrie Raffetto and Mrs. Jennie Cor-
dano, a' native of Italy.
SMITH— In this city, July 14. 1903. John C.
beloved son of the late Owen and Bridget
Smith, : and brother of James J. and Mary
A. Smith, a native of Smartsville, VYuba
County, Cal.. aged 40 years 3 months and 20
days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30. o'clock, from . the parlors
of McAvoy .&. Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth 1 and Ninth, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ' :
TAMONY — An anniversary solemn t, requiem
high mats will -be celebrated for the repose
of the soul" of the late Cornelius C. Tamony
Thursday morning, July 16, at 8 o'clock, at
St. Joseph'* Church. ...
TRESAUGUE^-In Mayfleld, July 13, 1003, Ar-
mantlne Tresangue, beloved wife of Ana«lme
Treeaugue,' beloved mother ¦ of Eugene, • Leon
and Emlle Tresaugue. beloved daughter of
j~" NEAREST' THe'cITY 1
| OFFICE'. 916 MARKET ST. j
F. J. . Monahan, President. .'..'
IVlONAhAN, & CO.,
:¦ ;•¦• •.¦-¦<¦"• (inc.) . ;¦?.-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2330-2341 Mission «W" Telephone Mission 3L ,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
JLLA31EDA HEAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU. ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and 'fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand 1401. 1500 Park at., Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to -. the ¦ asylum from Janu-
ary 1, 1903, to July 1, 1903:
Violet Dutro, 9 yrs.; Augusta Dutro, 6 yrs.;
Frank Fasslna, 12 -yrs.; Louise Fecclna, 10
yre.; Josephine Fecclna, 8 yrs.; David Fec-
tfna. tl yrs.; Joseph Clancy, 5 yrs.; Rosa
Alameda. 6 yrs.; Gasper Castell; 8 yrs.: Wil-
liam Castell. 6 yrs.; Martin Castell, 4 yrs.;
Carrie Cano, 8 yrs.; Nettle Cano, 6 yrs.;
• Raphael Cano, 4 yrs.; Gertie Robinson, 1 yr.
« mos. ; May Conely, 7 yrs. ; Ira Conely, "6
yrs.; OtU Conely. 4 yrs.; Benjamin de Rose,
6 yrs.; Maria de* Rose, 12 yrs.; Margaret
Cowep, 10 yrs.; Emma Cowep, 8 yrs.; Maria
Cowep, '5 yrs.; Willie Cowep. 3 yrs. 6 mos.;
Samuel Belogich, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Pauline
Wolfe, a yrs.; Michael Mastrosantl. 6 yrs.;
Mary Belovlch, 10 yrs.: Antonet Belovlch," 8
yrs.; Charley del Grendl, 7 yrs. ; Louise del
Grendt. • 6 yrs. : Marlon Chapman, 5 yrs. | B
mos.: Edmond Chapman, 3 yrs. 6 mos.; May
Chapman, 1 year « mos.; Remond Schwell, 4
yrs.; Ella Creque; 8 'yrs. ; AgneB V. Johnson,
7 yrs.; Sam Walsh. 9 yrs.: William Mc-
Kensey, 8 yrs. ; Isabel McKensey, 9 yrs.;
Chariot Sorensen, 6 yrs.; Bernardino Flynn,
5 yrs. 6 mos.; Catherine Murphy, 3 yrs. 6
mos.; Sarah Murphy, 2 yrs.; Joseph Mahoney,
2 yrs.: Mary Johnston, 7 yrs.; Nellie John-
ston, 5 yrs. ;' James Johnston. 2 yrs. ;. Clara
Johnson, 10 yrs. 7 mos. ; Ethel Wagner, «
yrs.; Maria King, 7 yrs.; Rose King, 5 yrs. ;
Winfred King, 3 yrs. 6 mos.; Henry King,
1 year 5 mos.; Sam Schmidt, 3 yrs.; Mary
McNickells. 7 yrs. ; Agnes McNickells. 7 yrs. ;
Emily McNickells, 5 yrs.; John Wagner. 12
yrs.; Maria Wagner, 10 yrs.; Chester Wag-
ner. 8 yrs.; Clara Futtefer, 9 yrs.; Lewis
Cheerello. 6 yrs.; Eva Narvls,-7 yrs.: John
Henderson, 3 yrs.; Margaret Bannan, 6 yrs.;
John Green. 5 jts. ; Henry Pastene, 4 yrs.:
Cella Brand. 3 yrs.; Maria Walsh. 1 year 6
rooe.: Elizabeth Kelly. 2 yrs.: Willie Sum-
mers, 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Michael Logue, 2 yrs. 2
mos.; Josephine Baker, 1 year 4 mos. ; Elsie
Jenkins. '£ yrs. C mos. ; Annie McDonnell, 9
yrs.; Sadie Mason, 7 yrs.; Frank Logan, ft
yrs.; Agnes Buckley. 12 yrs.; Lottie Camp-
bell. 6 yrs. ; Ella Moran. 8 yrs. ; Margaret
Loftus, 2 yre. ; Ida Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mos.:
Florence Buckley/"" 9 yrs. 2 mos. ; Dora
Gleischner. 4 yrs. ; Addie Wesher, ft yrs. ; Jo-
seph Swayne, 1 year 2 mos.: Rachael Myers,
2 jts.: Lillie Kearney, 1 year « mos.; Michael
Morgan, 2 yrs.; Violet Pickett, 10 yrs.; Frank
White. 4 yrs.; John WIgin, 4 yrs.; Joseph
Miller. 5 yrs.; Grade Hopson, 7 yrs.; Carris
Collins. 6 yrs.; Harriet Meehan, 12 yrs.; John
Kan». 2 yrs.: Grade Mihigan. 11 yrs.; Joseph
I Rlordan, 6 yrs.; Emma Campbeen. 7 yrs.;
Theresa Hill. 3 yrs.; Leonard Fisher, 8 yrs.;
Anna Muller. 8 yrs.:.L!llle Cashell. 4 yrs.;
Florence Nelson, 2 yrs.: Rosie Fosett, 4 yrs.;
Theresa. Donald, 6 yrs. ; Annie Brag, 2 yrs.:
Fred Conley. 3 yrs.; Mary Bryant, 4 yrs.; Al-
bert Nicholls, 4 yrs. 9 mos.; George Hoffman,
5 yrs.: Alice Nicholls. 7 yrs.; Antonia Louise.
2 yrs. ; Theresa Fisher. 8 yrs. : Myrtle Fisher,
7 yrs.; Mary Smld,7 yrs.; Hilda Holverson,
10 yrs.; Esther Holverson. 6 yrs.; Lizzie
Regan. 7 jts.: Celia Regan, 5 yrs.; Mary
•Regan, 8 yrs.: Phtlonaena Morse, 2 yrs. ; John
Matching 7 yrs.; Hazel Roche, 10 yrs.
NOTICE — The secretary of the Ban Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been admit-
ted to the asylum on Haight and Laguna
sts.. from Jan. 1. 1903 to July 1 1903:
Mabel G. Clark. 8- jts. and 10 mos.'; Dora
M. Campbell. 9 yrs.; Martha Brown. 9 yrs.
4 mos.: Ar.r.le Brown. 7 yrs. 1 mo.: Christina
Chrisuanson. 15 yrs.; Lulu A. Deabl 3 yrs.;
LouUe Mohr, 7 yrs. ; Alice E. Whlghtman. 11
yrs.; Annie Goassel, 7 yrs.; Martha Goassel.
' & >rs.; Dallas R. Clark, 7 yrs. 3 mos.; Prank
O. Clark. 5 yrs. 2 mos. ; Joseph A. Keenan. 3
yrs. 3 mos.; James Keenan. 2 yrs.; Herman
?4ohr. 5 yrs. 6 mos. ; Albert William Whight-
»an. 7 yra.: Albert Caldwell 2 yrs. 1 mo.;
Harold W. Anderson. 3 yrs.: Frederick Goas-
sel. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenlcke. 8 yrs.
TKH Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that they have
admitted into the orphanage from January 1,
1903, to June 30, 1903. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls,
viz: Louis Levin, aged 7 years; Irene Woil.
Jiced 9 years 3 months; Helen Well, aged 8
years 2 months: Charles Bernstein, aged 12
years: Harry Bernstein, aged 10 years tl
months: Edna Well, aged 6 years 6 months;
Sadie Markowitz. aged 9 years 5 months:
Louis Robert Cousins, aged 10 yeara 3
months: Matilda Stone, aged 8 years 8
months; Isador "Klein, aged 8 years; Solomon
Klein, eged 5 years 7 months: Ida Miller,
aged 10 years 9 months: Rose Miller, aged fl
•years; Lawrence Maurice Beck, aged 5 yean;
. Rcse Elver, aged 4 years 11 months.
UNCLAIMED prizes of the Servian«Montene-
grln L. and B. Society's picnic, held' at
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. July 5. 1903, .as
follows. Prizes must be called for within ten
days »t 121S Mason St.: 75. i)52. 1973, 191,
r*6, 1737, 173«, 2347. 556. 70, 1711, 732, 117,
19CH. 2400. 203. 23H3. 1719. 1727.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable: take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies,"
in letter by return mall Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co., Philadelpia. Pa.
A. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cal!.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per year.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment frne. Dr. Cottlngbam. 204 Butter at.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye, ear, nose and
throat. Removed to 42S Eddy st.
BEW1KG MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES
$15 CO drop-head oak. guaranteed; second-hand,
$6 to $15; some nearly new; GO days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, 933 Mkt.
st.. bet. Sth and CSth; phone South 4-33: eleva-
tor: branch. 2S5 Geary st. : phone Main 750.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage te. Van Co.; fuixltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 729-
731 Howard st.. near Third: phone Grant 1C1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storag* Sc Moving Co., o£-
nce Post and Powell str.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLJN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise, 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12tt.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiUroore. et.: phone Jackson 281.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AS P STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van' Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. 11., Vancouver Barracks.
Wa«h., July 10, 1903. — Sealed proposals in
triplicate will be received here until 11
o'clock a. in., August 10. 1903. for furnishing
forage and bedding at posts in ihij dejsurs*
ment for year ending June HO, 1004. Inform-
ation furnished here or by quartermasters
at poets. U. S. reserves the right io reject
or accept any or all proposals or any l-art
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Forage and
Bedding at — " and addressed to undersigned.
F. H. HATHAWAY, C. Q. M.
PROPOSALS for Iron Pipe. — No. 3fi New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, California.
July 13, 1903. — Sealed proposals, In. triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
August 12,' 11)03, for furnishing about WO
tons cast-iron pipe and 12,000 feet galvanized
lrun pipe, with fittings, delivered at ships'
tackle In San FrancUco. The United States
J reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and blank proposals furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes will be Indorsed "Pro-
posals for Iron Pipe," and addressed Major
C. A. Devol, Quartermaster. U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
OFFICE of the Custodian. San Francisco
Quarantine Station, Angel Island, California,
July 13. 1903.— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 3. o'clock p. ' m. on
the 30th day of July, 1003. and then opened,
for the miscellaneous repairs at li.e U. S.
, Quarantine Station, *ngel Island, oan Fran-
cisco Harbor, California, In accordance with
drawing and specification, copies of which
may be had at this office. HUGH S. CUM-
MIXO, Passed Assistant Surgeon, Custodian.
P. O. address. Angel Island Quarantine Sta-
tion. f;in Francisco. Cal.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage llcensenwere issued
yesterday:
John J. Colgan, 42, city, and Katherlne Mc-
Claln, 3S, city.
Charles H. J. Manton, 21. 1443 Clay street,
and Julia D. Weissich. 21, 1440 Clay street. •
Gustaf C. Johnson, 36, 3882 Twenty-second
street, and Anna K. Svenson, 31, 71 Hoff ave.
Thomas 8. Leever, 30, Nlmshew, Cal.,: and
Alice' B. Cunningham. 30, 1259 O'Farrell street.'
' Jeremiah J. Foes, 27. 400 India avenue, and
Augusta Raabe, 22, 400 -India avenue..
Fritz Clamor, 32, 280814 Bush street, and
Dora Moll,' 'J», 28O8V4 Bush street.
Wallace M. Cowie, 37, - 3454 Twenty-first
street, and Emily L. Kerr, 27, 3433 Twenty-
first street. . * -
Jeremiah J. Wright, 25. Hollister, Cal., and
Grace H. Braden. 23. Hollister, Cal_
Oliver Wylie, 22, Point Richmond, fnd Laura
E. Hozter, 22. Point Richmond.
Daniel J.- Donohue, 30, 277 Stevenson street,
and Nellie Page, 43, 277 Stevenson street. •
Jonathan S. O'Neal, 60. Cloverdale, Cal. .and
Mercie - Marsh, 27. Cloverdale, Cal. ...•-'
• James Campbell, 39, city, and Frances Quinn,
25,^city.'- ; ;v v ¦ ¦ ij¦¦.¦• t
CLEVER THEATRICAL FAVOR
ITES WHO WILL BE WITH US
NEXT WEEK.
• ;¦>¦• ¦'¦ ,*
At . Grayman's, Seventh and Market
streets, vaudeville at popular prices, con-
There is plenty, of variety at the Chutes,
the present bill proving to be Immensely
popular with -the crowds . that ' visit . the
grounds. To-night is amateur night at
the Chutes. : . . ;
The bill at the Orpheum is still attrac
tive and is therefore drawing a big at
tendance at each performance. There is a
strong variety in the present programme.
At the Central Theater "Muldoon's Pic
nic" will continue until Sunday evening.
On Monday next the new season opens at
the Central, with Hersche! Mayall as
leading man and a powerful company of
player* in a spectacular production of
"Faust."
' "In Central Park',' has but three more
nights and Saturday matinee to be seen
and heard, at the Grand Opera-house.
Next Sunday the musical eccentricity VIn
Wall Street" will be presented at the
Grand.
production . will close next Sunday. On
Monday Camille d'Arvllle will' make her
reappearnce on the stage: at the Tivoli,
taking the part of Lady Constance Sin
clair in Smith & De Koven's opera "The
Highwayman." The work has been under
rehearsal for the last two weeks and is
booked for a big run. Edwin Stevens and
all . the Tivoli people will support Miss
d"Arville. ,.'.'.
. A. T. O. F. Hendricks, a machinist in
the employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Sacramento, filed a petition in
bankruptcy yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $363 and
has no assets. .
Bankrupt Machinist.
The City and County Auditor yesterday
filed a request with the Civil Service
Commissioners that he be given the
names of twenty-five eligible candidates
for appointments as ordinary clerks, to
cdmmence duty 'on or about July 2L
The Registrar of Voters filed an appli
cation for fifteen. clerks to perform duty
hi his office, commencing during the pres
ent month.
To Appoint Extra Clerks.
REDDING, July 15.— The diner of the Cali
fornia, express left the rails near Lamolne last
night and bumped along on the ties for a short
distance without doing any further damage
than delaying traffic for several hours.
The San Francisoo Fire Department
Are now being supplied with Murine Eye
Remedy for use by the -firemen after a
hot, emoky fire, as it so quickly relieves
Eye pain and restores red, sore, inflamed
and faded Eyes to normal condition.
Murine aids those wearing glasses and is
a harmless and painless home Eye rem
edy. At Druggists and Opticians. •
The United States secret service men
are determined to stop the practice in
dulged in by some saloon men and shop
keepers of passing counterfeit money
upon their customers as change. Many
complaints have been made recently to
Chief Ilazen and his assistants and they
have been on the alert to capture the of
fenders and make an example of them.
The opportunity came last Tuesday, when
a citizen complained that Yin Lo, proprie
tor of a ladies' underwear store at 111
Taylor street, had passed several counter
feit dollar pieces on his wife. Deputy
Thomas B. Foster took the cast; in band
and interviewed the lady. She said she
purchased a waist and leceived $3 2i> in
change from Yin Lo for the $5 gold piece
she gave him. On looking over the change
she found that one of the dollar pieces
was bad. She handed it back to Yin and
he gave her a good dollar, at the same
time putting the bad dollar into a differ
ent till from the one from which he had
taken the good money. Then she found
another counterfeit dollar in her hand,
and this also he exchanged, giving her a
good one for it. After she got home she
discovered another bad dollar and , in
formed her husband of what had taken
place.
Deputy Foster and the woman visited
the store yesterday morning and Yin de
nied that he had passed any bad money
on her. but admitted that he had sold
her a waist and had given her change.
He insisted that he did not know that the
money was counterfeit, but gave the
woman a. silver dollar. Fester saw in the
drawer another bad dollar under a piece
of paper and demanded it, and it was not
until ke had proceeded to demolish the
drawer that Yin and his partner consent
ed to surrender the spurious piece, i
Yin was arrested and charged with
passing counterfeit money.
Taylor Street Merchant
Arrested on Grave
. Charge.
CHINESE PUSSES
OUT BID MONEY
At the request of the Board of Fire
Commissioners, -who desire to appoint
twenty-two new firemen, the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners yesterday certified
the following names of men as being eli
gible for appointment: Truckmen— W. D.
O'Keefe, James H. Coleman. Joseph L.
Tickner, Samuel G. Russell, Thomas F.
Rellly. Frank L. Stahl. Frank MIskal.
August J. Harry. Joseph J. Moss, Joseph
P. CaEsidy, Thomas F. Conran. George
B. BrlnkerhofT; firemen— Jeremiah L. Col
lins, John T. Lahey, Joseph A. McGinn,
John Connolly, John J. Loftus, Charles C.
Sullivan. George E. Gibbin, George F.
Bury. John Farrell, George P. Llnehan,
Fred K. Reckenbell.
CirU Service Commission Certifies
the Names of Twenty-Two Eli-'
gible Candidates.
to APPonrr new men to
THE FIKE DEPARTMENT
"Wang" is enjoying a successful run at
the Tivoli Opera-house this week, this bo
ing the last of a popular revival. The
The burlesques "Under the Red Globe"
and "The Three Musketeers" are draw
ing big crowds at Fischer's Theater. Kolb
and Dill. Blake and Bernard are Immense
ly funny, and Maud Amber scores a suc
cess nightly in the vocal number "Love's
Reverie." A new arrival to augment the
strength of the Fischer company is Miss
F.leanor Jenkins, who arrived from New
York last night to assume the rules made
popular by Miss Fay Templeton.-
White Whittlesey has achieved great
success in the romantic play "The Pris
oner of Zenda," which is playing to ca
pacity at the 'Alcazar. There will b6 a
matinee to-day. The production to follow
will be Hall Caine's "The Manxman."
• • ?¦-»-..
To-night at the California Theater
Nance O'Nell will by request give another
performance of "Queen Elizabeth." To
morrow night and Saturday and Sunday
nights will be devoted to "Macbeth."
"Romeo and Juliet" will be presented at
the Saturday matinee.
On Monday night the Neill-Morosco
company will begin a special summer
stock season at the California, opening
with Viola Allen's success, "In the Palace
of the King." Iri the personnel of the
company are the following: George Soule
Spencer, Lillian Kemble. Thomas' Oberle,
Fredrlc Sumner, Frank MacVicars, Scott
Seaton, H. S. Duffleld, Joseph Dailey, El
sie Esmond, Adora Andrews, Phosa Mc-
Allister. Katherlne Carvel and . others.
Robert Morris, who was responsible for
the efficient 6tage settings that always
marked the James Neil! productions in
this city, is stage director for the Neill-
Morosco company. ,--
* , a MODERN MAGDALEN."
C O y\ with Amelia Bingham and
yt=^\ her company, at the Colum-
A- bia Theater, is a drawing
card. It will be given the
last time on Saturday night. There will
be a matinee on Saturday. Next Monday
night Miss Bingham will produce for the
first time here her latest New York com
edy success "The Frisky Mrs. Johnson,"
WTitten for her by Clyde Fitch. The sale
of seats is now open. There will be mati
nees on Wednesday and Saturday.
Successful business houses take advantage of
printing : faculties of il j sell-Rollins, 23 Clay.*
BIGGS. July 13. — A Japanese employed r on
the 1 Hatch & Rock orchard three miles* east of
Bigg* was found hangingr from a limb of an
almond tree In the orchard this morning:. He
had bren-dead several hours when found. The
Coroner's Jury returned, a verdict of suicide.
Without; seeing ' the Diamond Palace
would'be like visiting Europe without see
ing Paris.- It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful Jewelry store, in the world. Vis
itors or purchasers are equally welcome.
221 : Montgomery, st.. bet. Bash -and Pine.;*
To Visit San Francisco
The will of Melanie Langley. a well
known woman of wealth, who died here
last month, was filed for probate yester
day. She distributes her estate as fol
lows: To the two children of her daugh
ter Millie I* "Wright, and the four chil
dren of her son. C. F. Langley, $1000 each;
to Frank Van Kleeck, a nephew, $500; to
Myra Foucar, a niece, $1000, and to her
son, $500; to Caroline P. Hall, a friend.
$300; to Augusta Kent, a friend, $1000; to
the Good Samaritan Mission. 246 Second
street. J500. and to Rev. F. A. Doane. $500.
The residue is left to the son and daugh
ter of the deceased, with the proviso that
they shall pay to Kittie Green, a sister
of the deceased. $25 a month during her
lifetime, and to William and Henry Green,
her. brothers, $15 a month each during
their lifetime.
•JLxs. Langley's Will Tiled.
William Mete of .1811 Hal E ht street lost
his life yesterday because a ladder had
been insecurely fastened to the side of a
house. Metz conducted a saloon and
boarding-house at the address named and
had occasion to have tne roof of the
building repainted a day or two ago. In
order to see whether the work had been
done properly he went up on a ladder
that was nailed to the rear of the house.
When he had gone about fifteen feet from
the ground-his weight tore away the lad
der from its fastenings and he fell to the
cround upon his back.
Bystanders ran to his assistance and
found him bleeding and unconscious. Ha
was taken in a city ambulance to the
Park Emergency Hospital, where he ex
pired shortly afterward. -It was found
that his skull was - fractured, his right
forearm and two ribs broken and that he
had also received internal Injuries.
Mr. Metz was 50 years old. a native of
Germany, and a widower.
WILLIAM METZ KILLED
BY FALL FROM LADDER
Insecure Fastenings Cause Death of
Well -Known Boarding-Hous«
and Saloon Proprietor.
The expedition fitted out in France to
be conducted by Dr. Charcot to the Arctic'
seas Trill go instead to the Antarctic pole.
Captain "William "W. Harts of the United
States Engineer Corps walked with be
coming military dignity yesterday morn-
Ing, although somewhat solemnly, into
the office of the Customs Collector and
paid over to acting Collector ¦William B.
Hamilton the fine of $19tt 12 Imposed upon
him for having failed to enter upon his
written declaration silks and articles of
virtue of the value of $657 04 found In his
baggage by the customs searchers. It Is
understood that Captain Harts will ap
peal to the Secretary of the Treasury.
The flndins of four. cases of dutiable
merchandise addressed to Captain Hart*
in thff hold of the United States trans
port Thomas has been reported to the
Collector. The goods have been sent to
the Appraiser's store and an inquiry will
be made of the Treasury Department as
to what shall be done wltn the goods in
view of the fact that army transports
are not allowed to carry freight. The
cases contained a large silk embroidered
screen and sets of very expensive decor
ated chinaware and were marked as
household. goods. r- -?,
The customs officials say that the goods
were in the original packages, had been
taken on board the Thomas at Nagasaki
and had not been used at all. The law
provides that merchandise must have
been used as household goods by the con
signee for at least a year before it can
be entitled to entry duty free.
tinues to please the patrons of the va
riety class of entertainment. The bill Is
a good one.
Hands Over 81971.12
to the Collector of
Customs.
CAPTAIN HARTS
PAYS HIS FINE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1903.
Arhelia Binghamto Produce "The Frisky Mrs. Johnson," White
Whittlesey Prepares to Appear in "The Manxman" and
the Neill-Morosco Company in "The Palace of the King"
THEATERS, STILL IN THE ENJOYMENT
OF PROSPERITY, PRESENT GOOD BILLS
14
I' jt%»^j *Vfl >3 w\rO^^?*^-jC — ' ' '" ¦ M ii j i i i i i a I Is fl i \
¦LX i ii\J m r It V I wKJ w
More $1.00 White Waists
Second installment.
First came a week ago, 12 dozen. Took just one day to :
sell every one of them. That shows what values they are.
Now the second 12 dozen. Mentioned first time this morn-
ing— probably the last, for they are on the same "qm ck -S°mg"
road. More style, more beauty— more "dollar-worth" than we
have seen in many a day.
Fine lawn, som<! India lawn. Daintily made, with embroidery (alloven,
insertions, medallions). Some of them tucked and pleated as .prettily as can
be. (See picture.) You wonder how we can sell them for 5 i.oo. 1 is un-
usual. But remember there are six stores to share them. We had them
made to order. Big quantities. And it's the concessions won by this quan-
tity buying we are giving you to-morrow. .
That's how. Lucky if you can duplicate them for $1.25 elsewhere.
$1.00. 2d floor, .this morning^
Notions Now 60c Teapot 40c
Specials to-day worth noting and Regular temoest in teaoots to-day.
sharing. Things you need at savings But the drops are so big* it isn't
you like. It's the little savings that ij a bl c to last long,
count .in the long run. 4Sc Tuanota 3Oc
BASTING COTTON. 12 SPOOLS 5c S! >!!£$! 3Se V;
—It's the Capitol, white. 12 spools oc 50c Teapots ~35c
to-day. 60c Teapots ..40c
COTTON ELASTIC. 7%c YABIK-In r^ .
black. Dink. blue, red; fancy frilled. Pay you to share them while they
HOSE SUPPORTERS. 10c PAIR- j ast
S5S.; a S"i 1 Sl.f£ d^7 l ff«e. e SSS Decorated English teapot. In the
orange; good and strong. 10c pair. new fancy shapes, neatly decorated
SAFETY PINS, Tic DOZ.— Capsheaf. with flowers and gilt tracings. On a
coilless; won't catch or pull. ;5c doz. bargain square this morning, main
SEAM BINDING. Gc PIECE— It's all floor, so you can share them easily.
silk, light taffeta: good long piece.
STOCK COLLARS. 5c-Perforated. «— — --
pointed, all sIzps. 5c. \<^j3L^^f/ .. /jg7 —. ffj -rr-»
CHECKED CUFFS. 10c PAIR-Just ffiU^g?*^Gg|fc
the thine for stenographers or clerKs; /&/ /*& gggi* OOf? Qgs&'jS3S&'
keeps the sleeves clean. 10c pair. jfB/ -^=>^a^r — ¦ —^^
TRACING WHEEL. 5c-SIngle or <^=f -^g^gOOj? OOQCX*^
double.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
APVEBTISEMENTS. -
ARMAND GAILLEAU^
SUITS,GOATS;WAISTS,Etc.
IMMENSE REDUCTIONS.
Entire Building Will Be Occupied by
Us When Alterations Arc Completed.
112-114-116 ICearny Street.
AUVZB.TISEKIENTS.
?90«coa*ooececeeoco(5G
SPECIAL |
SALE i
SCHOOL i
SHOES f
9
CHILDREN'S. 6 to 8 fj.ic •
CHILDREN'S. SVs to 11 7.% c •
MISSES'. UH to 2 91.OO 2
In box calf or dongola, extension *
or Elnjrle soles, all solid and g^iar- ®
anteed. •
LITTLE GENTS'. 9 to 13. « 1 . OO •
YOUTHS'. 12\i to 2 Sl.2.% •
BOYS'. 2% to 5% 91.5O •
Box calf and vld kid, all solid •
and guaranteed. Above for •
Thursday, Friday and Sat- 2
urday Only. ©
GOODMAN'S I
1033 Market SL, •
Between Sixth and Seventh. ©
k —- :™— - 9
r* W II vi! M t I "S ' PI
I fH^Snl * J L TV w fF^r* jFfilPrW
39 STOCXTOar STBEET.
Telephone Mala 6533.
We still pursue the same policy —
Good goods at lowest prices.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per squara . .40c
Reg. 43c. Better than ever.
PEA BEANS, 7 lbs for 25c
Res. 5 for 23c. Just the thine for Pork
and Beans. ~*
PRUNES, 7 lbs for 25c
Res. Be per lb. This exceptionally low
figure to reduce stock.
FORCE OR GRAPE-NUTS, 2 pkgs for 25c
Reg. -15c pk». /.'.."¦
HEINZ'S SWEET PICKLES, per qt.. 25c
Reg. 30c. •"*.-.
HONEY, per comb ...15c
Fresh stock. Just in.
LACAZE'S SARDINES, per tin 20c
Regr. 25c. French. In large tins.
Singapore Pineapple, per tin 15c
Reg. 20c. . .
JELLY GLASSES, per dozen 30c
Key. 35c. -.; i
OK BOURBON, per bot 75c, gal $3.00
Reg. $1 00 and $4 CO. N'o medicine chest
should be without it.
MOUNT YERNON RYE, per bot... 95c
¦ Worth $1 50. A genuine bargain. . «
REISLING, per gal ...40c
Reg.' 60c. A light, refreshing beveragel
Pabst's Malt Extract, per doz.. .$2.25
Reg. $2 50. Also knows aa "Best Tontc '
City and Country Orders Solicited. •
¦all nn W ¦¦ '¦Jr S^fc\^^^¥3rfj
njj Bun fa jj3 C| Ed f% kS
Puny babies become strong
and robust babies when fed
on Mcllin's Food. Mellin's
Food gives strength.
You will be glad that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Pood when you sea how eagerly
. baby takes it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
CURES ALLEY! DISEASES. \ "^ &$?
CallfornU «unllght. stronr winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murine is a favorite toilet requisite, restores a
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart,
•oothes eye pain.
The laboratories of th« Murine Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are th« largest In the world pro*
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S GREATj
OF ANATOMY*
A ££ 1352 XA2ZX7 ST. tot 5A*?i. S.7.&L ( I
\ CJ W TB « L*^"' Anatomical Mneum in Ibe
6 fl^Sfft CR - JORDAM-OISEASES OF MEN 6
\ F€Sl?I Con»ultition fr« ,nd itricrty priwte. \
9 I V%U I^« me ?i. P « T1O "» II T °' by letter. A A
sf F // \\W Jl?!! a J?l%£' P "»-OHOM¥ «f i
J ' J g % .%£?£?& £$** ""• <+ 1
f DK. JO R DAS A CO.. 10S1 Market St.. a T. V
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. ' "
learaj and Satter Sts. O^mj^g^
Sale of Corset Waists
50c, 75c and $1.00 Styles at 25c Each
(Third Floor Kcarny Street)
Clearing-up sale to-day of several odd lines of Ladies' and
Children's Corset Waists — Assortment of sizes is broken — If
you want one or more pairs of real good fitting Corset Waists,
this sale will enable you to get them at a trifling cost :
Ladles', Misses and Children's The Double Ve Waist for Chil-
Corset Waists made of heavy dren, made of heavy quality sateen,
sateen, black, white and drab ; | in white and drab; sizes 18 to 27 —
sizes 18 to 27 — formerly sold An excellent wearing and comfort-
at 50c, 75c and Si.oo; price «_ able waist that sold regularly o -
while they last to-day, only... at 65c; now 25C
Specials in Wash Belts
(First Floor Sutter Street)
Ladies' washable white cot- Ladies' washable white ox-
ton Belts, in the new curved ford Belts, with pretty em-
shapewith latest black,nickel broidered ends; black, gilt and
or gilt buckles; special nickel newest shape har-
at 30c ness buckles — special at.. 40c
Bathing Suits Reduced
(Third Floor Kcaroy Street)
Here is another exceptional opportunity to obtain a good
Bathing Suit at a low price — They are well made of excellent
quality striped duck, in blue, with large red sailor collar —
suit neatly trimmed with white braid — . -. _
' originally sold at $2.50 per suit, now *p 1 .90
Poinsetta Pillow Tops
Top, Back and Ruffle — 50c
Second Floor Kearnj Street
A second shipment, just received — no more charming
Cushion .Cover can be imagined, than these beautifully tinieJ
tops in latest Poinsetta designs — They are 24 inches square,
with back piece and pretty stitched ruffle for finishing - n
the pillow — On sale to-day at 5OC
Silk for working Pillow 45c 24 inch Floss Cushion 45c
The Best $1.00 Gloves
(First Floor Kearny Street*
Gloves for Ladies' wear — We have three styles to show you
to-day, that we import direct from the best makers in the
world — all colors are here including black and white. Every
pair fitted and guaranteed :
THE MONTEREY The GASCON The AMAZON
A new mannish Glove, A stylish Mocha Glove, 'A two clasp fine quality
with on, clasp. n,*d, of *f^[$£^ Kid Glove for street or
fine selected skins, in( j st yj fj evening wear,
$1.00 Pair $1.00 Pair $1.00 Pair
Exceptional Offerings To-day in
1 apestry 1 able Covers
(Second Floor Satter Street)
Tapestry Table Covers, 2 Tapestry Table Covers, 2
yards square, in pretty blue, yards square — latest Oriental
green and red two- designs, in choicest col-
toned effectsjspecial at $1.25 ors; splendid value at.. $2.50
Tapestry Table Covers, 2 Table Covers of mercerized
yards square, in solid green Tapestry, 2 yards square —
and red colorings — all new handsome gobelin effects, in
designs, worth $2.00, red, green and blue;
at $1.50 special at $3.50
flittle girl
I is wearing lli||^
1 one of the -S? ||if
1 Dresses J1|||L
I on s^IgJ^^M
ji REGULAR PRICE . <^jO'|sL|
jffl &1.5O (*2>* p l^sS
1 CLOSING OUT ENTIRE f
i STOCK OF CHILDREN'S I
I GINGHAM AND CHAM- 1
I V BRAY DRESSES. ' |
I Getting Ready for Our Fall 1
| Stock — That '• Explains This Ij
II Great:' Reduction. 1
H DRESSES that formerly sold for I
i! $1.25, $1.65 and f\ f" I
I $1.75 on SPECIAL H H P I
1 SALE TO-DA Y at...... ** %S \* I
U DRESSES that sold for $2.00 and I
jfi $2.25 on SPE- tf% 4 *\ f\ I
1 CIAL SALE TO- th i mj H ?
M DAY at y* m mvj %s |
1 O */ O/) ' s tl>e price Ii
HI m\ ¦¦#.'¦ Af Si- placed on all of . M
1 I? I .W%J H our$2 .50,$2.75 |
| and $3.00 DRESSES. \ : % I
1 Our CHILDREN'S DRESSES are ||
jfl so en during fy good for wear and ij
* wash so well. The laundry will m
1 tell their story. Sizes 4 to 14. M
I SPLENDID CHANCE FOR PAR- I
I ENTS TO FIT THE LITTLE ONES I
HI FOR SCHOOL. ij
I! CLOSING OUT ALL SUMMER 1
1 SHIRTWAISTS. |
M Made of a durable Quality of
¦ White Lawn. Many of them made J
jj of best Percale in neat pink and g
IS blue stripes. Front: and, back |l
13; ' neatly tucked. Some are trimmed I
¦ with embroidery and insertion. I
|j§ Popalar bishop sleeves and a neat It
ifl stock; give these Waists a very I
i| nobby appearance. If
|| 50c and 65c Shirt Waists, Ij
1. -sale price.... .....35c; I
1 75c Shirt Waists, sale price. 45c j|
1- 85c Shirt Waists, sale price. 59c I
: I $1 Shirt Waists, sale price . 69c III "
J -MARKS BROS;, I
: M 1220-22-24 Market St., ffl
' TO Bet " Tayl0r * nd Jonel - lijl