Jack Worthington said this as- the
party from White River stood at the
exit of the Grand Central station. Grace
was extending her hand" to take his
when she was nearly swept from, her
feet by the impetuous "rush of a laugh
ing young woman who took' her in )wt
arms and kissed her and. who was kiss
ed heartily 'In return. "We were 'ex
pected, you see," .Howard said to Worth
ington, who 'laughingly . replied, y "Pleas
antly, so, I see," shook hands with How
ard, and went to a waiting carriage, to
which a liveried servant had * already
taken ' his ' hand y luggage. *•
It had , been ; agreed that Grace should
make her home, for a time at least, with
Florence Hartley, the young woman 1 , who
had greeted her, and* that Howard was to
take apartments in nearby bachelors'
lodgings. "Because," as Miss Hartley, ex
plained, "we " oan't ¦ have J our • quiet old
maids'. retreat scandalized. by the late-at
nlgbt hours of a morning ' « newspaper
man." " '/'. ¦ : • . . ' _ . . ••' . .. ;'; ' ;¦ ¦ .
As Miss Hartley would not coneent that
Grace should enter the School \ of Design
'until she had had at Jeast* a week of the
glories of/.' New.rYork'a -' shops, Howard'
went', on the "evening - of '.their' arrival ; to
Introduce himself -'at ' the • editorial - rooms
"It's been very nice, our "coming on
here together and when; you are settled
in your new home, Miss Paxton, your
brother must let me - know and my
mother will call on you."
VIII-THE . FIRST WARNING.
all coatless, and some had their shirt
sleeves rolled up and collars off, as if the
Industry of getting out a daily morning
newspaper were a physical, rather than a
mental undertaking. Their cordiality was
as great as Mr. Carson's, indeed seemed
to be imitative of his. The members- of
the council soon dispersed, each receiv
ing what to Howard. was a bewildering
multiplicity of Instructions and cautions,
having to do. with the necessity of some
one in some part of the world being told
to "hustle."
When the last of them was on his way
to prod some one to hustle Mr. . Carson
swept a confusion of proof slips, photo
graphs, exchanges, copy, and reference
books from off the chair least incum
bered. and motioned Howard to be seated,
then seated himself on a cleared corner
of a table. "Now, Mr. Paxton," the man
aging editor said,, "you'll have nothing
to do with this' end of the shop. We'll
find you a quiet desk, up a flight or down
a flight, where you'll be by yourself, or
at the worst, with some special writer,
like yourself." -
"Thank you," Howard replied, smiling.
"I don't' think I could do very much work
out there," motioning to the' rooms he had
passed through.
"Oh, that's the boiler shop! The kind
of work we do out there would come to a
standstill if. .we kept things quiet The
theory Is, that nothing here must be al
lowed to fall into a rut, and if men are
allowed to work under normal conditions
their work becomes normal. | We .want ab
normal-work; we^want men who are put
ting, the news,* the local matter, the fea
tures, the suburban stories "into shape, to
be under a pressure of excitement; to be
a bit rattled^ ' a little Snsane, in truth;
for then they are likely to be seized with
novel— startling— fancies as to the manner
and form • their work should take."
Howard stared . at the speaker with
amazement he took no pains to conceal.
Wirat he was saying .sounded like •: bur
lesque he had read of "Live* Journalism.".
But Mr. -Carson 'i was evidently serious.
As he spoke, In a straightforward, - mat
ter of fact manner, ue frequently *inter\
rup ted himself, to . hastily open and ¦ glance
at a telegram, a proof, an illustration,
the extravagant * form • of ¦ "make-up". . of
some page story/ to scribble . memoranda
on some of. these, or more frequently, to
dictate a remark or order to his stenog
rapher, sitting irf a corner, of the room.,
• "Some T men - can't ¦. stand It : r they " break
down in health or go wholly insane. A
little insanity isn't a-taa^thing.'. -We've
had lots : of stunning 'features | suggested
by men we were -nursing along to keep
"em from going wholly mad. But we don't
subject our . special and ' editorial : * writers
to .'that strain." :. ; t ~ . . .' •
"I am glad' to hear that,"- gasped •How
ard.'- • ¦. ¦ * "-• .¦-,-. . ; ". m ¦
"Say to Mr. Bunton that I have guests
for dinner," Worthington replied. "You
will be my guests In the dining ear?" he
added to Grace and Howard. , .
ing to Xew Tork by the *ame train and
joined Howard and Grace where, excited
and happy, they stood near the platform
of their sleeping car.
"Here comes Daisy now," said Grace,
and advanced to meet, her, smiling.
Daisy saw the hand her friend extended,
but Ignored It, bowed coldly, and passed
on to her car. She had been piqued by
the attention Worthington had paid to
Grace; and, besides that cause for her
coldness, a sudden . caprice made her
think of Grace as an unfashionable Whit.;
River connection who might, if not dis
couraged, dim the glory of the Buntons>"
New York career.
Both men with Grace saw, if they did
not understand; and when Grace turn
ed axound, her eyes filled with tears of
humiliation, "Worthlngton stepped to her
side with hand outstretched, as if to
shield her from some bodily harm.
Howard put his arm around her, say
ing, "Come, Grace, we'll ' go into the
car; you are tired with excitement.!'
An hour after the train started a ser
vant came to Worthington with an In
vitation from Bunton to dine in the pri
vate car. . . .
,Wondering f how any kind of' mental
work could -be done in ' such '¦ a confusion,
Howard was guided into, a large, hand
somely furnished room, where, as he 'en
tered, ' a . man; rose from a table : about
which four or five others stood; advanced
to' him, and said ¦ with the greatest cor
diality,. "Mr. Paxton, Tm delighted to see
"you. .» I am Mr. Carson, and as we've been
having a council, here's a chance at once
to Introduce you to some heads of depart
ments.".. . '; ¦' . ' ¦ :
'. '.The ¦; men j Howard" was \ introduced to
were r curiously alike ( in - type— keen-eyed,
sharp visaged, nervous looking.' They. were
The anteroom, messenger who took his
card languidly returned briskly, saying. -
"Mr. Carscn'U see you at once. sir. This
way, please." Howard followed the boy
and was almost dazed upon entering the
first of several large rooms he traversed
by the noise and motion and a hundred
signs of feverish excitement- rn one room\
many men were writing, a dozen or more
on noisy typewriters; others were rush
ing about shouting orders; boys scurried
from, desk to desk* gathering sheets of
copy: In' a room seen— and heard—
through, an open door, rows of telegraph
operators : . sat before clicking 1 receivers,
transmitting messages to clicking type
writers; at a bench a boy was working a
cluster of pneumatic tubes, sending pre-
pared copy to some unseen region, and re
ceiving proofs, as if thernachlne he han
dled turned :the copy into proof through"
its STaspIng explosions: at certain desks *
sat. men of superior office, receiving ver
bal reports from other men to whom they
gave excited Instructions, and calling
hoarsely to other desk men questions or
commands; over, all the floors. there wa3
a litter of .paper ankle deep; and all? the
air was blue with tobacco smoke , and
harsh with a Jangle of noises. ¦ Above all
other noises, above /the voices of half a
dozen men" at as many desks shouting
into telephones as if they expected to a
send; their, natural .voices to the other'.'
ends- bf, ; the* lines, above the scuffling of
the messengers— of whom there seemed
to be hundreds— above the clicking of tele
graph and -writing., instruments, .was one
dominant sound of commands .to
"Hurry!" "Rush!" "Rush!" "Be, lively!"
of the Morning Chronicle. As he left the
elevated station at Park place and turned
toward Newspaper row, recognizing a
score of monumentaliandmarks made fa
miliar by picture and story, his usual se
renity was deeply moved. He 1 was mod
est, but he had confidence In his work
and -a strong determination to give the
best of that work to this new hazard. He
rejoiced at the broadened field opened to
him, and resolved to repay the Chronicle
for giving him that opportunity by giving
in return more and better than they
had asked. The Inspiration of the great
city was already upon him, and he felt a
zeal, an earnestness, he had never before
known. ¦ ' ¦
"The case Is like this, Grace," said
Howard. "Mr. Worthington showed— that
Is, it escaped from him in an unguarded
moment— that he had read some poetry.
As I believed I was the only man alive
who did euch a thing-. I was surprised
Into saying that I didn't suppose • poetry
reading and Industrialicaptalncy.went^to
cether. Then he. dtjnanded an explana
tion; and seeing no way out of my trouble
except to lay the blame on .you, why,
ef course, I did so. It seems to me that
ray course .was honorable Cand manly." '
"It was very manly," said Grace, with
withering emphasis on' the last ' word.
Then she laughed and said: "Really.' Mr.
Worthington. aren't you a captain?"
"This -brings us nicely around to the
point I '¦wish to make," the ypunjf -man
said comfortably. ."I wish to tell you
the story of my life.' I was forced at an
early and tender age to take up the bur
dens of the society into which I was er—
er— "
"Plunged," eugscFted Howard. i '•'.
¦ "Exactly, plunged. But.' I rebelled! I
happened to take an Interest in my fath
er's affairs— business, you know. As an
other man may like to lead a cotillon— I
know, nice chaps who <3o— or race- horses.
jot yachts, or automobiles, I like 'to fuss
with the affairs which are krtown In New
"York as the ''Worthington Interests.' ¦ The
papers, ever attentive to our doings, made
a lot of talk about my golrfg in for busi
ness, end at last succeeded In getting me
called the young Captain of Industry.
That sounds ridiculous, and I can only
pledge that I didn't ask for the title. But
It doesn't frighten me. I stick to busi
ness and am intrusted with matters of
some Importance, such as our family's
end of this new iron deal. This, ladles
and gentlemen, brings me to White River
and the end of tny story."
When Worthington concluded Howard
arose and said "Gentlemen of the Jury,
have you agreed upon the verdict?"
"We have," solemnly answered Grace.
"We find the defendant is not guilty."
TVorthington rose. I thank the Jury.
The jury's brother tells me that the
Jury plays the spinet. May I have
proof?"
Grace went to the piano and played.
In a little time they were all singing,
with enthusiasm and Ingenious device,
operatic selections requiring anywhere
from two to fifty voices. Grace at
times supplying the entire female chorus,
end the two men all the male voices of
a crand opera.
In the next few months Mr. Worth
tsgton's affairs took him to White River
several times. On each visit he carried
with him the score and book of a new
opera to add to the repertoire of tho
••Abridged Opera Company." as he call
ed the trio which sang around Grace
Paxton's piano. . Late • In the spring fol
lowing tho erem* related In earlier
"Oh, he'a easily that!" the guest said
with conviction. "I'd go so far as to say
that he's more than that. Your brother
ts what I'd call one of these secret,
treacherous fellows. He not only told me
that you eald I was a captain, but basely
made me promise not to tell that he told.
That's -why I shan't say a word about It."
Grace made such a face at her brother
that both the men laughed. "AH men,"
•he declared eeverely, "are Idle gossips;
brothers most so. If women gossiped
half as much as men do men would make
m. law to behead us."
THE next evening when Howard
came home Grace, looking out fcr
him, caw with her brother a young
m&n of about bis age. but slighter,
taller and more buoyant physically,
and they were talking together merrily,
!n a manner Grace had seldom seen in
Howard with men/
The chop supper was a success; the
guest ; ayir.c his hostess the compliment
of eating with a fine appetite, and as If
be had chanced upon the particular kind
of meal that of all kinds of meals was
his especial favorite — though he had never
had such a meal, nor one at ail like it.
before in his life! When he had accepted
a third portion of tea, preserves and bis
cuits (until then he knew "biscuits" only
as little disks of dusty crumbs) he turned
to Grace and 'said: "You are surprised
to see a captain of .Industry eat with the
appetite of a private of Industry."
Grace flashed Indignant eyes at her
brother, and said freezlngly: "If my
brother has been telling you silly stories
he's the meanest creature alive."
chapters of this narrative, Mr. Worth
ington learned, with considerable Inter
est, that his musical companions were
to rnlerrate to New York.
Howard received two offers from New
York papers. One came in a friendly let
ter written by the managing editor of the
New York Guardian.. Jt. offered him a
salary of sixty dollars a week." to '"do for
us the .kind and amount of work you
are now doing: for __lhp Advocate."
- Howard liked the tone of the letter,
and was considering an immediate fa
vcrablc reply, when he received this
telegram: "Come on at once. One hun
dred a week. Or more at space rates.
Do what you want, where you want.
Rush reply. Managing editor. Morning
Chronicle."
This was Howard's first encounter
with live journalism, and he was at a
loss to decide- how* to answer; while he
•wan debating in his mind a second de
spatch came from the Chronicle which
read; "Error in former wire. Our offer
is a guarantee of one hundred and fifty
a week. Will feature you big. Hustle
an answer by wire. Mall your photo
g£aph. If you have any matter ready,
wire it at once. Can we announce' some
thingby you next Sunday?"
As an anodyne to the electrical lever
Howard wired that he would send his
decision the next day. But he did not
know the Chronicle — yet! In an hour
this message was delivered to him:
'"Glad you are coming. Don't forget
photograph. Do you know New York
politics? Can you wire us breezy skit
on baseball situation? When were your
verses on Tammany published? If you
don't send us any new matter for Sun
day wire those. Is j - our matter copy
righted? Don't write letters. Wire every
thing. Consider yourself engaged to dine
with me Sunday evening. If there is a
'White River end to the proposed combine
¦ wire us a couple of thousand words. Car
•son. Managing Editor, Chronicle."
* * Howard rushed from the office leav
ing Instructions that no telegrams were
Ho , be "delivered to -his home, and went
there to consult with Grace.
'.His .sister . read, the; telegraphic out
'bursts •with eyes dilated. "Oh, Howard!"
exclaimed, "you'll. be famous. One
hundred, -and fifty 'dollars" a week! Think
of It! And; you can buy -all the books
you want; and lots and" lots of nice
.clothes, and hear J all the good music,
' and" —
"And how about some one else?" he
asked, his ' slowly aroused enthusiasm
beginning to show. "Who will 'go to the
School of Design? not to speak of any
one else buying nice clothes?*;
"The School of Design!" Grace re
peated In an ecstacy. "Florence Hart
ley writes me that lots of women are
going In for interior decoration. I
Jnst know that I can do good work in
that, if I can take the course. It's a
dream come true. Howard."
"How about this Guardian offer?" How
ard suggested. ¦ if '
"Pooh!" cried Grace. "Only $60 a week!
A hundred and fifty from the great
Chronicle!"
"The great Chronicle, yes, but not great
along my line of -work."
"You can reform 'em, then," she said
confidently.
Grace, who had never been further
from home than a doctor's gig ride, was
in a storm of joyful excitement. Most she
rejoiced In the 'promised opportunity .to
better pursue her studies in the art' of ap
plied design. She had a friend, Miss Flor
ence Hartley; In the New York School of
Design, and since Miss Hartley's visit" to
relatives in White River, when Grace had
met her, they had been enthusiastic cor
respondents . on the subject- of their com
mon ' studies and ambitions.
So, buoyant and confident, she went
¦with her brother to the new, bustling sta
tion where they were to take the evening
train to New York. Something unusual
appeared to have drawn *a gay and ani
mated ' crowd. Howard soon ; learned.
"Why, Grace," he said, "the Buntons are
going to New York, - too." "How Jolly!"
cried Grace. "Won't it be nice to travel
with old friends!" • \ ••
A reporter told Howard; that the presi
dent of the road had given Mr. Bunton his
private. car for the trip. "They say .'the
Buntons make New,- York . their home,"
news . gatherer* said, -"and that's"why
. there -.are .. so many swells from -the
Heights here— seeing .'em off." ' ' "•, ". .
Mr. • Worthington chanced to |be return-
*T EB35 you have the author of
I A "Chimmie Fadden" at his best.
fj In "Lees and Leaven," his
\J latest work, E. W. Townsend
sounds a new note in American liter
ature—the right of a. young girl to
a free choice of a husband.
This publication is the more nota
ble from the fact that not only did*
the author begin his career on The
Call, but the Sunday Call Is the very
first newspaper to present the tal
ented writer's latest novel in this
form. In point of fact you cannot
get "I^ees and I^eaven" in any other
form whatever for less than twenty
times the cost of the Sunday Call.
That is a simple little fact worth
pondering if you like the best that
is being written in America to-day.
"Certainly. 'The famous White River
Advocate man,' with a fac-slmlle of your
autograph a foot high. Great!"
Howard groaned and winced so woeful
ly that' the managing editor laughed.
"Well," ..said Howard. "I'll not protest
about the pictures of me. because I'm go
ing to insist that this picture Is not used."
and he pointed to the illustration of tho
verses entitled "Designs." ; ._* -
"Why, I thought that waa good; sou
brettish, rather."
"Too much so; The reason I Insist. Mr.
Carson ¦ (the editor - smiled curiously at
his repetition of tho word insist). Is that
the >verses were suggested to me by an
enthusiasm of my sister's."
"My dear boy. that settles it. of course.
I'll have that s killed and a pretty face
dreamy sort of thing, eh? — made for it,"
Mr. Carson ' exclaimed heartily. "Now,
let's go and see the chief."
•The proprietor of the paper, Mr. Faulk
ner, called; "Chief by some of the staff.
"Boss" by others, was hearty and bluff
in * his ¦ greeting: - made many polite in
quiries ' about • Howard's • health, his fam
ily, the trip from White River, his living
plans, and 'was winning and gracious.
He. too, . was frequently Interrupted by
heads of departments— but none entered
without first sending in his card. They
all ' seemed to try I to copy Mr. Faulkner's
bluff manner, and it was easy to see that
this affectation was to cover, a genuine
feeling of uncertainty or actual fright.
Each stared at Howard suspiciously at
first, but - when Introduced by. the chief
each affected 'the chief's - degree of cor
diality. "Now : I ! want to give you Just
"No, we want their sort of work to bo
deadly commonplace. That style carries
an air of profound wisdom to our class
of readers. Of course." he added, smil
ing at Howard's grimace over this notion
of what was possibly expected of him.
"we don't Include your work in any of
the classes I've mentioned. You are to
start a new department. We like the
stuff you mailed to us and will feature
It big for the Sunday Magazine. By the
'way, 'would you like to look over the
proofs of your matter?"
Howard said that he would, and a mes
senger was sent for "a proof of the Pax
ton page." Howard wondered at the word
"page," as he had sent not more than a
column and a half of copy. But his
amazement grew when the proof was
Jjrought to him. It was a page. Indeed,
with a head that ran Quite across it, and
Included a dozen or more illustrations
and a big, bold picture of himself. He
read the matter, his cheeks growing red
der as he saw each of his paragraphs
pictured with gross misshapen carica
tures. At one of these he paused Indig
nantly. He • had written some verses,
dainty and tender, suggested by his sis
ter's enthusiasm over her future as a de
signer. Playing upon the word, he had
fancied a young, sweet-minded woman
going to the big city, her imagination
filled with "designs," but all that came of
them, try as she would, was that she ever
"designed" the same old home — an honest
lover's heart — and was Its sole happy oc
cupant! The illustration for this was a
scantily dressed woman on a stage ogling
a stage box filled with men reciprocating
her glances.
. "I should like," Howard said to Mr.
Carson, "to make a couple of sugges
tions."
"As many as you like." '
"This picture of me— it's so— so— big
and "
"And you're so modest," laughed Mr.
Carson, good-naturedly. "As good-looking
a chap as you mustn't be afraid of seeing
his own picture. Walt until you aee the
big posters. They're being put up around
town to-night."
"Of me?" asked -Howard, embarrassed.
"No. That's what surprised the fellow
who had me in charge that 1 night, as I
have you now. But before the night end
ed he had to exert the Influence of the
paper to convince a captain of police that
my exuberance of spirit didn't amount ta
disorderly conduct. I'm. glad you can
think about a dance— without dancing.
Let's go to supper."
The theaters were closed and most eS
their patrons had been swept away by
the receding Wde which set strongly ta
all directions away from, that neighbor
hood, yet not so strongly but that It left
some froth, some dregs of humanity.
Now another tide set toward tho dis
trict: a smaller current which settled,
for the moment In restless pools, ona of
which was a quiet little restaurant of
some pretensions to exduslvenesa. It
was for the "late men." hard workers
whose supper there at one, two, or
three o'clock in the morning correspond
ed to the early evening dinners of m«i
who work— or play— by daylight. It waa
there Turnbull took his charge for sup
per. They sat at a table a little with
drawn from the others by a slight Ir
regularity In the room, but which
commanded a view of tho other tables.
Turnbull Identified many of those who
entered as men holding Important posi
tions on morning papers, or players, or
musicians, of prominence In their pro
fessions. The piece had a quiet, club
like atmosphere, and his host told How
ard that the men he saw were to b«
found there at their accustomed - seats,
and regular hours, night after night.
Howard, with his "villager" appettt*
sharpened by excitement, ordered a
hearty meal: but Turnbull ordered only
one simple dish which he did not touch
when it was served.
"Oh, pardon me for not asking you
before! Do you drink?" Turnbull said
after a silence, during which his clench
ed hands had been held by his side with
an effort, as It he were trying to con
trol some mastering passion.
Howard had been devoting boyish at
tention to his supper, and had not •*-
Howard noticed that Carson scowled,
but he wrote an order for the amount
Turnbull named and gave it to him.
The two young men went Into several
theaters. Turnbull taking much interest
In Howard's delight in the xnarvnloua
show of costumes, scenery, lights, but no
Interest whatever In those things. Ha
waa politely patient In giving Howard In
formation about all they saw and heard,
yet all the time had a manner of con
trolling some strong nervous Impulse.
"I'm boring you to death." Howard said,
noticing this manner In his companion.
"I don't suppose you New Yorkers can
have any notion of the fairyland all thla
is to a stranger— especially to a villager
who. for the first time !n his life, is see-
Ing some of the wonders that he's read
and dreamed of so much. I'm rather a
slow-blooded chap, I've always thought;
but I guess you'd be amazed If you could
know how near I am at this minute to
performing a war dance, with appropriate
shouts, as an expression of my state of,
mind."
"You needn't explain your stats of
mind to me," his companion said, smil
ing, "for I'm not a New Yorker, and not
many years ago had my first night In
New York, but. being of another tem
perament. I didn't stop at the thought of
a devil's dance to express my feelioxs; I
danced."
"You don't look It," Howard laughed.
" "TurnbuII."- Interrupted the editor,
"Paxton's going uptown, and I was
thinking who I could get to pilot him
around — you are not working to-night?"
"I am not,** Turnbull replied. He was
In evening dress. "I am at Mr. Pax
ton's service."
<r We must not let him get lost or b«
lonely on his first night In town. Tou'll
be In time to see an act at one or two*
theaters. I'll try to Join you by the time
you are at supper." Carson said.
Paying no attention to this remark,
Turnbull said: "I want some money."
"How much?" Carson asked, taking
an order book from a drawer, "Twenty
flver'
"One hundred." responded Turnbull.
The man rose and gravely acknowl
edged an Introduction to Howard. "Toa
should not have brought your wares to
this market. Mr. Paxton." he said, smil
ing slightly. "They are too dainty. I've
Just run through your proofs. The verses
you called 'Designs' are especially good—
a dainty, tender touch, there. For
heaven's sake. Carson, kill that hideous
drawing in those verses."
"It's killed already," said Carson. "But.
Turnbull, you must not tell Paxton that
his work's too good for us. He'll strlka
for more pay!"
Turnbull, not noticing Carson, continued
to talk of the newcomer's work.
Howard bad never seen a man so
handsome, almost beautiful. Up was tall
and alight of figure, with darkly pale skin,
deep, large calm eyes, rather thin lips
that did not look ungenerous, however,
and a chin that was set and molded like
that the sculstor cave to the Venus of
llllo.
The chief smiled at b!s picture of the
managing editor, and all the heads of
departments laughed heartily. Carson
himself smiled as If. though the Joke waa
on him. It was Irresistible, nevertheless.
"Now you are to go right ahead, doing
your own work in your own way. and
according to your contract; and don't let
Carson or any one else Interfere. If you
have any trouble, or any one bothers you.
come straight to me and I'll set things
right — if I have any influence on this pa
per." Again Mr. Faulkner smiled and
the others laughed. "Dine with ma to
morrow." the chief added bluffly.
Howard thanked him and explained that
he had promised the next evening to his
sister. "Quite right," the chief said.
"But soon, soon."
When Howard returned to his office
with Mr. Carson a man was sitting there,
carelessly looking over a bundle of foreign
papers a boy brought in. * i Turnbuil!" ex
claimed Carson. "The very man I wanted
to see."
«n« word of ¦*»*mm», Paxtoo." t2» ablflft
¦aid. "Don't let Carson here eat 119 agy
tricks with you. Carson prides nlTniwrif
on his tricks. There's no doubt that Car
son Is the trickiest rascal on Park Row."
LEES&LEAVEN
Sunday Call Literary SectionWhen Howard grew hardened to seeing
hla name and picture often and glaringly
displayed in the columns of the paper and
on tha blU beards of the elevated' road
stations he enjoyed his neyr experiences.
His work was hard, but he liked to work
hard. He agreed to write ten columns a
week; but- he wrote when he liked, and
as he was accustomed . to day work he
wrote in the daytime now, and this gave
him his evenings With Grace, an arrange
ment they, both keenly enjoyed. They
searched for, found and luxuriated in
good music, until Turnbull, who was their
frequent companion, declared that he was
at last convinced . of the truth of the
saying he had long doubted, that archi
tecture was the art most closely allied
to music. "No one merely human crea
ture could possibly have two separate en
thusiasms such as yours for architecture
and music." he said to Grace. "I see It
all; they are but two forms of the lams
"If you insist upon it," the editor said
reluctantly, "I'll give him another
chance."
"I really wish you would," Howard said
earnestly.
"Just send that fellow a note, then."
said Carson, turning to his stenographer,
"and say that he has another chance."
"Yes. sir." the stenographer replied, but
Instead of making any note he glanced
at Howard in a way which said. "As
clever a man as you are. gulled by Car
son's commonest pretense!"
"Oh, you're too soft-hearted. Paxton!
Let the fellow go. It'll teach him a les
son — to starve a little."
"No, really, Mr. Carson. I'd feel like a
thief if the man was discharged on my
account."
Howard Paxton prospered In his way
as well as did Isaac Bunton. The uneasy
fears excited by the words, of Turnbull
at their supper were soon dispelled by his
experiences at the office. There was ona
early unpleasantness, but that was ex
plained. When his first contribution to
the paper appeared, the objectionable Il
lustration to the verses also appeared in
Its place. Howard went to the office
thoroughly angry. He was glad there
was no contract; he would resign! But
before he could utter a word of protest,
when he called on Mr. Carson for that
purpose, the managing editor, who seem
ed to be In a towering rage, exclaimed:
"Well, I guess that art editor will obey
Instructions after this— wherever he get*
work. I declare, Paxton, I never was so
angry in my life! He needn't tell me
about not understanding orders; about
the rush of work that upset him: about
his wife and family. He should think of
his wife and family before he makes such
a blunder as to leave that picture in
your verses. And then for the stupid fel
low to come here and whine that he can't
get work anywhere else. Let him starve!"
Howard's rage instantly passed and he
was all compassion. "I was awfully put
out by that picture being run, after you
ordered it Killed; but if it's a question of
any one being discharged who needs
work I'd feel much worse to have that
done than to have my stuff pictured with
ballet cirls."
X— LOVE AT THE HURDLES.
. "Daisy has changed . so much," sighed
the mother. '. f
Bhe did .hot tell her husband, that what
made her- sign' was not any change in
Daisy that. could be observed by the po
lite people they met ' now at their : own
and ;other houses.'. There, any change in
the girl was to her advantage. She 'was
cleverly imitative when she chose to be,
and her manner was now a close copy of
"He didn't say so In so many words;
but if that wasn't the' meaning of his
talk I'm more mistaken than I'm in the
habit of being." ..'
"Isaac, supposing Daisy should . change
—should take an Interest In some man
that led to a proposal— what should we
do about— about— —" .
VWhy need. ! we . say anything?" he
asked. "The old Justice who married
them is dead; no record of the marriage
exists and no one outside of the family
knows." " , .I''.".'.. 1
"Not wholly so; but It seems to me that
Is only because her pride is flattered by
his attention— Bhe is not interested in
him." ; . . . - •¦., • . :
"I'm sorry for that Carrie, Mr. Worth
ington gave, me a very plain hint recently
that he. would favor a marriage between
Daisy and his son."
"Oh, Isaac!"
The Buntons took a furnished house
near the park, east, and were in a sur
prisingly short time very much at home
thtre. Mrs. Bunton solved the problem
of how to manage an establishment re
quiring a dozen servants for its proper
conduct, by the expedient of turning the
whole management over to a housekeep
er, who made such a liberal estimate for
expenses that, with her own tradesmen's
commissions and the cook's and butler's
stealings added to the actual expenses,
the total came near enough to the esti
mate to make complaint seem mere fault
finding. So domestic peace reigned.
Isaac approved of this plan, for his af
fairs were prosperous. It was a desirable
arrangement, too, for it gave Mrs. Bun
ton leisure to devote to Daisy's amuse
ments. These were found chiefly in the
shops, the restaurants where ladies may
go unattended and the theaters. The lat
ter fascinated Daisy. A single visit to a
popular play or light opera far from sat
isfied her. She went again and again,
and the more numerous and gay the com
pany of performers the oftener she
would see them. As she showed ¦ a calm
purpose to go to the afternoon perform
ances alone If her mother was disposed
to rebel against a third or fourth visit
to the same playhouse within a few
weeks." Mrs. Bunton was constrained to
go, too, the more as it was evident that
Daisy would have welcomed an excuse to
go alone. When Mrs. Bunton confided
this discovery to her husband he said:
"Well, Carrie, It's a task on you, I know;
but try to endure it, for it's the first
thing Daisy has taken a real interest in
since— since then." ¦
"I wish she cared for the society of nice
people," his wife commented. " Since we
dined at the Worthingtons' a number. of
the people we met there, and others, have
called on us. I know they were asked to
call by Mrs. Worthington. Some of the
young men are very nice, and seem dis
posed to be attentive to Daisy; but she Is
the same here as at home— capricious, or
careless, or cynical to tnem."
"Is she that way to young Worthing
ton?" Oiv
prepared with an answer," Grace replied,
with another smile. , "But here— I am
dumb."
"But you must not lack confidence— In
New York of all places."
Mian Paxton. shall I see her?" the widow
replied, "My boarder, Miss Paxton, Is sure
to he home in a few minutes with my
daughter. They are attending the School
.of Design together— and here they are."
And there they were, to be sure, for
a voice in the hall called out sturdily,
"Tea. tea; bread and Jam; oh. how
nearly starved we am! Where are you,
mamma?"
Mrs. Worthington had not seen Misa
Hartley since the days when she took
her airing on the avenue with a nurse
maid, and now, when two young women
burst into the little parlor, laugning and
keeping step to the refrain, "Tea, tea,
bread and 1am," she looked from one to
the other keenly, to see if she could de
cide which was the Westerner who had
captured the affections of her eon. Her
Instinct quickly and correctly decided
upon the taller of the two. the one with
big dark eyes, who, discovering a
stranger, blushed, stopped swinging the
picture -hat she held In one hand, and
gave a mass of brown hair a hasty, des
perate sweep with the other band. In a
hope that its workroom disorder would
abate somewhat.
Mrs #i Worthlngton made_ an cnfashlon
ably long call; waited for and partook of
tea, bread and jam: waited to hear all
about Miss Hartley's studies, end, to ex
press her surprise that such an Institu
tion as the School of Design was nourish
ing In New York and she never hear of
It; waited to refresh Mrs. Hartley with
gossip of the set, exactly as If that lady
was still a member: but never did she
seem to take more than casual notice
of Grace, after politely putting the one
or two conventional questions required
by the fact that It was Grace, after all,
whom she had called on.
But when she was on her way home
she canvassed Grace: every point In her
appearance, . her voice, manner, every
word she had spoken, every detail.
Grace was a little nervous about re
turning that call, until Mrs. Hartley
agreed to go w!th her. "I must go,"
she eald, "for one good card deserves
another, so I might as well go when you
do/ Miss Paxton. 1 probably shall not
have the privilege of meeting Mrs. Worth
ington again In another dozen years or
more; but that is. nothing— in New York."
The call developed nothing of a terrify
ing nature. There were several other
women there, and, to Grace's surprise,
a few^men: but no one took much notice
of any one else; no more or less, cer
tainly, than they did of Grace, and aftep
a few words with the hostess Grace felt
emboldened in the general lack of Interest
any one had In any one or anything, to
Inspect "such rooms of the great house
as were opened and thrown together. She
became much Interested in this and was
glad that her professional curiosity was
not ¦ ¦_ observed — though : sometimes she
caught Mrs. Worthington glancing at her:
"Just to see that ,1 don't get lost, I sup
pose," thought Grace. When she went,
with Mrs. Hartley, to say good-by ' to
Mrs. Worthington, the .hostess said,
"You are going in for . architectural de
signing, my, son tells me." .' ¦ •
"Yes," Grace replie'd. /'When : we left
White" River ', I felt prepared" to design
the decorations of a palace or a theater.
But now"— she smiled— "I would , not un
dertake to : decorate a doll's house. ~ My 1
I have a year of the principles of archi
tecture, before I am allowed even to un
dertake a conventional* detail."
."You have been looking at our decora
tions here. What do you think of them?'*
"In White River I should have been
the best models she saw; and. with the
exception of young men , whose Interest
seemed to have a sentimental leaning, her
new acquaintances found her quietly
frank and amiable. But - Mrs. Bunton
saw another side of Daisy; saw that her
interest In the theaters she most fre
quented was more in the performers than
In the performance. Daisy had already
picked up an acquaintance with other
young women, who, like her, were per
sistent matinee goers, and their talk was
of the men on the stage. The mother saw
that it was in this life that the girl's
whole real Interest was centered — aside
from the one thing they never mentioned.
Yet Daisy did not eeem to be wayward
minded— she was willful, rather— and If It
had not been for the appearance of tho
thing, her mother would have as freely
.trusted her to go out alone now as in the
unconventional days of White River. The
love Bho bore even for the memory of
Harry Lawton would save her from ac
tual evil, her mother believed.
"Her brother. Good, honest, stanch
pride; and her eyes— did 1 mention them?
—are dark and clear, and kind, and sweet
and— why, what's the matter, mamma?"
"Nothing, my son. Those electric lights
Just there. Yes, turn out that cluster.
They rather hurt my 'ryes. Were you go
ing to your club? Good night, my dear."
"Nan," said Mr. Worthington when
they were alone, "I have a plan. We'll
not let Jack know until you've seen and
formed a Judgment of the young person,
but If Miss Bunton seems to be a desira
ble wife for him, why, don't you see, we
can have him marry her, and then the
land— did you speak to me?"
"Were you awake when Jack talked to
me just now?" .
"I don't think I've slept."
¦ "Then, didn't you hear Jack tell me that
he's In love with Miss Paxton?"
"In love? Truly, I must have dozed!
I did not once hear the word love."
"He said it a hundred— a thousand
times. Oh, my son!"
Grace made her home with widowed
Mrs. Hartley and her daughter Florence,
who, happily for Grace's plans, was a
student at the School of Design. .They
lived in an old-fashioned neighborhood
of the East Side, about midway between
Madison square and the Park, but not so
far off the avenue that It could not be
found by Mrs. Worthineton's coachman
with only a little trouble. Tho small wis
taria-covered dwelling, and a little income
—a very little one— was ull that the late
Mr. Hartley left of a once respectable
fortune; so the widow had fallen Into a
social obscurity from a former luster
which can be Judged when it is said that,
upon receiving Grace's address, Mrs.
Worthington distinctly recalled Mrs.
Hartley as a person she once knew.
Therefore, as Mrs. Worthington Is the
,most tactful woman in New York, when
she was received by the widow Hartley,
she greeted her as if they had parted but
yesterday, and met now, as always,
friends, equals.
Mrs. Hartley, not being much more
lonely now than during the festive life
time of the departed Hartley, had accept
ed widowhood apd reduced, Income with
cheerful philosophy, and was in a frame
of mind now to enjoy the great Mrs.
Worthington' s pose without bitterness or
cynicism.. "Nan Worthington ; deserves
all her good fortune." she thought, "for
It never spoiled her."
Mrs. Hartley was above making pre
tense as to her worldly state, so; when
Mrs. Worthington said, "And your visitor,
"Howard?"
"Let's see: she's Jolly, without being
giggly, and can droop her eyelids— not
nonsense — not. you know "
"Yes, I know."
"And Is awfully proud of Howard."
"So you've said."
"Bkes us!" che cried, pinching his
cheek. "We reed not be serious, need
we? Of course, If you have accepted
their hospitality. I shall call on the girl-
Miss Advocate, did you say?"
"Yes. Miss Grate Advocate Paxton."
"And what Is she like?".
"She? Well, if it comes to that, she's
a girl, too."
"Daughters all girls! Peculiar White
River," murmured his mother.
"But another kind of girl. She goes In'
for serious work."
"Charity, temperance or woman's
rights?"
"Architectural decoration."
"Goodness, Jack!"
"Plays like an angel!"
"Harp?"
"Piano. Sings bully, and— and— what
did you want to know particularly, mam
ma?"
"As to eyes and hair, for Instance. You
remember the iron-ore girl's."
"But Miss Paxton Is different."
"Really, Jack. I cannot extend my call
ing list indefinitely. It's getting rather
crov.-dtd with nobodies again, and need3
pruning."
."I shouldn't ju#t call the Paxtons 'no
bodies,' mamma," he said in a tone that
made her look at him with sudden scrut
iny. "Besides— I thought I had mentioned
it— they have entertained me at their
home."
His sister. Miss Paxton."
"Sir, she is so," Jack answered Just as
solemnly.
"Then," said the head of the house of
Worthington, with deep meaning "I see a
way to get that Bunton land into the fam
ily without buying it."
"What in ever can papa be hinting at!
said Jack, winking at his mother.
"A marriageable daughter, and the only
child. Ah!" said Mr. Worthington in a
tone of solemn mystery. "Ah!"
"Your father is a tremendous social
diplomat," Mrs. Worthington said to her
eon, shaking her head at him, to keep
him from laughing.
"And, mamma," eaid Jack suddenly,
"There are some other peop.e here from
White River you must call on. You've
heard me speak of Paxton? The chap the
papers call the 'White River Advocate
Man.' He's here."
"Is it White River etiquette that I
should call on him?" she asked, smiling.
IX— THE TWO WHITE RIVER GIRLS.
Borne readers of this page have already
made acquaintance with Mr. and Mrs.
John Worthington In another history of
days like these. In the years during
which his eldest son gradually emerged
from the restricted world governed by his
high-priced tutors Into the larger world of
society and affairs John Worthington Sr.
had changed but little. His rounded
ehoulders had expanded a little, making
his resemblance to an Inverted pyramid
a little more marked; his face had grown
a little more gray, making It a little more
dimcult to discover the fact that he wore
ehort gray side whiskers; a little more
pronounced was his manner of determined
and ponderous amiability— as if, whatever
the Justification, he would never be sur
prised into displaying by his expression
how far beneath him was the world In
general. He still believed that he was a
person, not an institution; he still thought
that the "Worthington interests" were In
some manner controlled by him, and that
the people really in charge of the many
end mighty affairs known as the Worth
ington interests were directed by him. No
one ever sought to disabuse his simple
mind of that harmless delusion, and he
attended board meetings, councils, confer
ences with his accustomed bearing of
having something to do there besides to
give his consent, and when required his
signature, to the decisions and results of
the managers who actually forwarded the
Industrial and commercial and financial
Interests which combined to make the
fortune vested in his name, but with
whose direction or control he had no more
to do than the man In the street.
Mrs. Worthington, who had been the
beautiful Nan Lansing, rejoiced more
than she had over any other thing that
had come into her serene, smiling life
when she saw that her flr6t-born, Jack,
had in inheriting her strong mental fiber
Inherited her calm determination to rule
where he reigned. When at an early age
he came into contact with the men In
charge of the Worthington interests and
they undertook to train him Into the re
spectable figurehead required as a con
sistent successor of his father they were
surprised to see him show a good-natured
purpose, quite in his mother's manner, to
learn whatever he should know to equip
himself to be the real head of the Worth
ington Interests. His mother rejoiced to
see that her son was to redeem the af
fairs of the family into the family hands.
The crumpled rose leaf which disturbed
the serenity of her repose was that her
husband was but a ward In the hands of
men who took only perfunctory pains to
make a show of treating him otherwise
than as a piece of office furniture.
Jack— John Worthington Jr.— had taken
a lively interest in the quiet preliminary
plans linger way for the formation of a
great consolidation of iron Industries, in
which Worthington capital was to be
largely invested, but the final plans of
which were being delayed by the failure
to secure an Important piece of mining
lf.r.d owned by a man named Isaac Bun
ton. An interest opposing the Worthing
trriF' had offered Bunton a large sum for
the l*nd, and since then both sides had
tried without surcrss to secure It. or bring
Bunton Into the deal. The village coal
and iron merchant's actions had puz
zled both eides in the rivalry. He was
discovered to be a shrewd fellow, but it
was not thought that he fully realized
how Important it was to the promoters
of the deal that, before Its perfection,
they should have control of that partic
ular ore body. The fact was that, with
out Its control by the Worthington com
bination, a rival would always be threat
ening; and with Its control a successful
rivalry would be Impossible. Only the
two interests struggling for the leader
ship in the proposed combination had in
formation that the Bunton land was. in
truth, the center of a deposit of rich and
easily mined ore, proved to be so by se
cret developments on all sides of it, of
which Bunton himself could have no ex
act knowledge. Why, then, would he not
sell?
On the evening that Howard made his
first appearance In the editorial rooms of
the Morning Chronicle Jack Worthington
told his father and mother the story or.
his latest failure to bring Mr. Bunton to
terms. "He's a curious chap," said Jack,
"or rather he Is curiously minded about
this lard of his. In other things he seems
to be a straightforward sort of fellow."
His mother, who had seemed to be but
slightly interested In the details of the
story, looked up now with a sudden In
terest, and repeated, "Straightforward?"
"Did I say straightforward?" her son
asked. "I might have said common
place."
"You might have said Hoboken," she
said, smiling, "but what you did say was
"straightforward." I'm dreadfully disap
pointed for your sake. Jack. I hoped
you'd make a success of this — believed
you would." She was silent for a moment
and then eald with the conviction of
voice and manner that women use only
when they have formed an opinion Intui
tively: "Then Mr. Bunton Is dishonest."
"Noneense. Nan!" This from the sen
ior Worthington. "Mr. Bunton is — he is
—Is a man of— of property."
"Then of course he can't be dishonest,"
she said, laughing good-naturedly at him.
"I'd like to see the honest gentleman."
"I was about to tell you," Jack said.
"They are In town, and as they enter
tained ' me out there you must call on
them."
"Certainly," said his mother. "You say
'them,' Jack: how many of them?"
"Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Bunton."
"Like what, for instance."
"Personally? Oh, father and mother
like any one you'd meet anywhere.
Mother a quiet, well mannered woman,
somewhat disciplined by daughter, I
Bhould say. Was a echoolma'am, I seem
to have heard. Pa Bunton. rather nerv
ous chap; seems to like to have his wom
en going it socially— in a White River
way."
"And the daughter?"
"Yes. the daughter!" Joined In Mr.
¦Worthington with awakened interest.
"The daughter?— oh, she's a— why, she's
a Elrl."
"Indeed!" exclaimed Mrs. Worthington
in pretended amazement. "I rather fan
cied her being a boy."
"Well, she's— let me see," Jack said,
puckering his brows. "She's decidedly a
good looker."
"Good looker? What's the English for
that?" asked his mother, raising her
brows.
"I thought, mamma dear, that you
might know the song in which the soul
ful line occurs: 'She's a corking good
looker! Se«?' But. of course, If you only
speak English, and know no Manhattan
ese "
"Please, Jack!"
"Well, then; Miss Bunton has two
rather large blue eyes with which she is
not at all afraid to look at you— meaning
any one — with assurance. She has hair
which, as 1 recall, was of a flufflness.
She sings the songs of Broadway with a
dash quite surprising to hear in White
River; and generally tangles the hearts of
the swains of them parts, as the poet
says. In a manner sad -to contemplate;
and "
"I think that will do," his mother Inter
rupted hopelessly.
"Is this young person of a marriage
able age?" asked his father solemnly.
i
The change In hla comparrlan shocked
end pained Howard. He would have left
him, had he been certain that Carson
would soon be there. He waited, talking
on different subjects; Turnbull sometimes
replying In his natural manner, but fall-
Ing again Into a sneering repetition of his
remarks about Carson. The managing
editor came at last, and he and Turnbull
walked with Howard to the door of his
lodging-house. While struggling with the
unfamiliar door lock Howard overheard
Turnbull eay to some remonstrance of
Carson's. "Oh, you needn't fear! I've
promised to dine with Paxton to-morrow
evening, eo you needn't fear for me this*
time. I'll go home to-night."
"I don't understand you," Howard said,
stiffening, but only slightly, for he was
clow ever to take offense, and from this
man ¦was ready to excuse much.
Turnbull stared as If his thoughts had
been overheard. "I beg your pardon," he
paid. "Try to believe that I did not say
that. Ycu found them all very pleasant
at the office to-night?"
"Very! Cordial, and most eager that
I thould be pleasantly and agreeably sit
uated there."
" 'Cordial, and most eager that I
should be pleasantly and agreeably sit
uated there,' " echoed Tumbull. He drank
moodily for a time, while Howard fin
ished his supper, but when Howard eald
that he must b« going, Turnbull asked
him to wait until Carson came, and they
would find Howard'6 lodgings for him.
He finished his wine, and with a sudden
change of manner and voice that sug
gested a wholly different person, said:
"Carson's an honest man. I know that
he's an honest man, and he knows that I
know it. That's what keeps us such good
friends; such close friends. I'm squeezed
—but not dropped. Carson Is euch an
honest man — and knows that I know it!"
He turned from the subject and talked
briphtly of the m^n about them, and of
their work. lie was one of the Chron
icle's special writers; and said that if
Howard withed he would arrange to have
him in his room, in which thtre was a
vacant desk. Howard thanked him with
de.ieht. He never met a man so charm
ing .id attracti've. Turnbull had finished
cne tot tie and was far along with the
{¦¦errriJ. but Howard saw, with a smile at
his first KUFpicl'-r.s, that he was not af
fected, seemingly, by the wine. His hest,
v.ith the tact cf a woman determined to
please, ma^.e Howard talk about himself
nnd his aspirations. Then thinking what
a p!(asu:e it would be to see Grace In the
company of a man so bright. 60 polished,
to quietly" agreeable, he Invited Turnbull
to din^ with them the next evening; and
vhen Turnbull accepted Howard was glad
that he was able bo soon to return his
friend's hospitality. But Howard became
somewhat doubtful as to the Invitation
when Turr.bull. feverishly drir.klr.g a third
bottle, abruptly and harshly, "And
you lock as little like a fool as any vic
tim I've ever seen picked up, drained and
dropped."
Turnbull inverted the glass from which
he had bcon drinking and epilled its re
maining: drop of wine on the floor. "Not
worth that!" he said.
" ::o. Our correspondence was tele
graphic," and he repeated the s^nse of
the messages he had received from Car
eon.
served Turnbull for some minutes.
"Drink T' he said. "Oh, not much! My
father, who was a physician, always
had claret on his table— and was there
fore thought to be little better than the
lo»t by many of his neighbors — and we
children tock the wine or not as we
pleased. "They have some good claret
here," Turnbull eald, motioning to a
waiter.
"Not for me." Howard eald, after a
Quick glance at his companion.
"I'll not urge you," he said. He looked
at the untouched dish before him,
shrugged his shoulders and turned to the
waiter and ordered a bottle of cham
pagne. As he did so he threw up his
head, as If throwing off some brooding
thought, rested his open hands calmly on
the table before him, and said in a lighter
tone than he had yet used, and with a
Ernlle that In a woman would be called
winning: "Tell me something about your
self; you've not said a word of your
plans. Have ycu made a long engage
ment with the Chronicle?"
"No length of engagement has been
mentioned." Howard answered.
"A contract without a time limit?"
"A contract?"
"1 don't want to appear inquisitive; but
have vou no contract?"'
"Them?" said Howard, confused.
"Yes!" he declared, smiling brightly.
"I write verses for the drawings I make
for beds, foods, soap — no one ever before.
acknowledged their wit. But," hrs face
was suddenly the picture of despair— "I
am unsung, unhonored— it is a dog's call
ing! It Is a Jest! The crowd laughs, but
will not give credit for the wit that makes
if laugh! I hate the crowd! I loathe, de
spite—bah! The dirt beneath— but, sir, I
love you! I am an outcast, a dog— dine
with me! This nameless trade makes
money— aye, we f ll dine as princes dine."
"Thank you," Howard said, still slightly
dazed by the young man's torrential and
Bannister stopped, and put both hands
on Howard's shoulders. He was beam
ing now like a happy boy. "I wrote
them!" he said.
"Yes. I will." Howard replied, "but I
r-nst say that I don't like your manner.
I it make my explanation, and then I'll
ask ono Of you. if you please."
"I'll glv© you any kind of satisfaction
you want, sir!" the other exclaimed bel
ligerently.
"Well," said Howard, "some people have
a fancy for collecting epitaphs, say, or
bookplates, or after-dinner speeches; I
have a fancy for collecting odd or wlttv
advertisements. I've collected all I cou'.J
find which extol the merits of Sleeper's
Iron Beds, among others, and chancing ta
find a new crop In that car. I copied
them, and it appears that I smiled. They
were worth a smile— I thought them really
witty. Now, sir. If you will "
But he got no further In his Intention
to ask an explanation. Bannister's arms
flew around his neck, then he wrur.g his
hands, put an arm under Howard's and
hurried him up the street, saying In a
rush of words: "I am a triple donkey' I
am a thistle-eating ass! Forgive me?
Say that you hate and despise, loathe
abominate me, but that you i can forgive
me! I thought your lip curled In derision;
that you gibed me; that— I am an Insti
tution full of Idiots! I shall end my
worthless life— that is nothing! Say. first.
that you forgive me!"
He was so honestly in an agony of hu
miliation that Howard said with real
concern: "I forgive you. But what the
devil Is the matter?"
Howard could but comply -with the In
vitation, for already xh* other passen
gers were showing an embarrassing In
terest In him and his companion. On tha
sidewalk Bannister again demanded:
"Will you tell me what you ware laugh-
Ing at?"
"If It Is your purpose to insult nsa, tir."
Bannister hissed. "I only ask that you
do it elsewhere— on the sidewalk. Will
you bto with me?"
This young man Howard had noticed
because of his peculiarly determined cast
of features' and a temperament which,
with lightning-like swiftness, changed his
mood from one of hearty, laughing frank
ness to violent storms of protest, invec
tive or despair. He would break on? from
some explosion of emotion that Howard
feared would end his life, and with a
Quick smile look over to Howard in a
way so engaging that Howard could but
smile at him In return. On his way up
town for Grace— he had stopped at the
club at a favorite gathering hour before
dinner— he was Joined In the surface car
by the pale-faced youth of violent •no
tions. George Bannister, that was the
young man's name, iat by Howard's side
and talked with exceeding volubility and
with highly un-American but expressive
use of eyes, shoulders and hsnrts In em
phasis and explanation of sentiments. He
praised Howard's work extravagantly and
showed a familiarity with It that was
flattering. Then with a sigh he became
silent and bis manner denoted a deep of
melancholy, emergence from which would
seem to require a miracle. Howard, fear
ing to disturb this settled sadness, began
reading the advertisements in the car.
and after a smilllng study of them pro
ceeded to copy some of thoeo In rhym*.
He was making a collection of them and
eagerly sought new specimens. la this
Innocent employment he was rudely dis
turbed by hearing Bannister hiss In his
ear: "Six, I demand to know what you
are laughing at!"
"Was I laughing?" asked Howard,
startled at the other's intensity.
"That Is a Quibble, sir. You were smil
ing."
"One may smile, and not b« a Ttflarn."
Howard suggested.
They were dining, as Turnbull's guests,
at a little club whose members were near
ly all writers or artists. The dub was
housed In the first floor and basement of
an old residence In a street far enough
down town to be convenient for morning
newspaper men who must return to work
after dinner, and to Howard was on* of
the chief attractions of New York. When
ho found that members were permitted to
have the women of their families to din
ner there he eagerly accepted Tumbull's
offer to put him up for membership. To
him the club was romantic. Its atmos
phere sensitively congenial, and within
Its walls, quaintly decorated with
drawings by Illustrators and car
toonists whose names were famous,
he found a charm in life whlcn
he had dreamed belong to the
companionship between men, but which
he had never before known. Howard was
soon made welcome there as a member.
A poet whose verses had touched with
airy or gently satiric Imagination cany
phases of New York life was the new
comer's seconder when Tumbull proposed
him; and the same poet, smoking a short
pipe, rose from where he was explaining
the gentle art of puglllam to greet How
ard and Introduce him when his member
ship was declared. There was one In the
group into which Howard was introduced
avho would smile with the others at the
gentle poet's didactics on catch-as-catch
can wrestling, and then fly into a discus
sion of some point with a frensy of earn
estness.
art, and you have but osa enthusiasm for
•no thing, differently expressed."
"But," said Grace, "architecture is «ili
to be frozen music. Tou don't think that,
do you? I think It is living and warm,
and loving— or lovable. Don't you?"
Did he? He would have thought any
thing she could possibly have suggested;
as to this world or the next; of art, or
life, or of man, God, devil, or death!
"The saying lives," he replied, "because
It Is picturesque; not that it has any
truth, or even sense. Here Is your broth
er; he makes words Into sayings without
a dimmer of sense, but in a form that
Jingles, that catches on the threads of
the mind as a burr catches on the threads
of your skirt and dings there. People
repeat his sayings with the modest pride
of being their inventor; on the stage they
set his Jingles to music and sing them
deeper Into man's minds, and your brother
becomes conceited and begins to think
that he has done a worthy thing. Not
at all. Now real worth— well, for instance,
I'm preparing a special article on the
national economic value of substituting
corn cakes for beefsteaks as the Ameri
can breakfast dish. It is on* of a series
of brilliant articles by which we propose
to down the beef trust. Or see the color
of. Its money," he added under his breath.
."Mr. Turnbulll" exclaimed Qrace, "if
you dare to joke about Howard's writing
I shall not let you ro to the concert with
us to-night."
"Ignore the man's envy and malice, sis
ter," said Howard, "until he has put me
up and had me elected a member of this
club."
/THE SUNDAY CALL.
2THE SUN DAY O Aliti.
3
fast-changing emotions, "but I am on my
way to my sister's."
' Bannister took Howard's arm again
and ruFhed him into a flower shop. There
he purchased a bunch of expensive roses.
and turned to Howard with an entirely
new manner, the suavity and gentleness
of a well-bred man, and said, "Pray, Mr.
Paxton, send these to your sister, with
an apology, and dine with me. Tell your
sister that you are doing an act of mercy,
charity, and that I am her grateful slave
from now through eternity."
Howard assented to the proposal, for
his interest was keenly aroused in his
companion. The roses and a note of ex
planation sent to Grace, the men
started from the florist's when Bannister
etopped. struck his forehead violently
and exclaimed, "No, we will not dine as
princes dine, but as the gods! How I
love her! Love! do I say. Adoration,
worship are but futile — oh. heavens, we
have quarreled 1 Where Is your tele
phone?" he demanded of a clerk.
The clerk pointed to a little booth
v.here patrons might telephone with the
discretion the Bending of flowers some
times demands, and Bannister led the
way there. As he was about to enter the
booth he stopped and said, "No! Not my
voice! Not my voice too suddenly. You
call her and speak for me."
Howard called for and obtained the tel
ephone whose number Bannister gave him
and a trembling voice asked, "Is that
you, George?" "I am speaking for Mr.
George Bannister," Howard said. "Ask
her." whispered Banister hoarsely, "If I
am forgiven." Howard forwarded the In
quiry and the voice assured him that
there was nothing to forgive and asked
tearfully if George was not coming to
dinner. The lady's «tate of mind being
explained by Howard, over his shoulder,
he was Instructed to Inform the voice that
George was its devoted and humble slave,
which being done, the voice asked if
George would not take the telephone in
person. He did eo and swore that some
thing had been entirely hl» fault; that
he was a miserable wretch who had been
no better than a murderer to say that It
•was her fault and could he bring Mr.
Howard Paxton to dinner? Yes, It was
the Mr. Paxton he had talked to her
about, and the needn't dress with too
much formality, as they were coming up
dressed as th«y were.
Howard was greatly amused by these
performances, for he had heacd some
thing of Bannister that had led him to ex
pect a very different sort of person.
Turnbull had told him that the young
man. after two or three years' tumultu
ous career In Paris, where he seemed to
have done a number of other things be
eldes improving himself in art. ' returned
to New York with a boisterous convic
tion that literature held all the prizes
that were worth striving for and that
he was peculiarly qualified to win them.
He might have humbly advanced to
ward literature, as others are said to
have done, by way of Journalism, except
for a temperamental tendency to fight
every editor who dared to lay a disparag
ing pencil across eo much as a line— a
word— of his writing. Having. In white
rage, informed most of the editors that
they were oafs, wallowing in a mire of
intellectual incapacity, he was con
etrained to abandon Journalism: and, by
chance, took up the work of writing and
Illustrating advertisements. This work
paid well, and while not entirely satisfy
ing his literary ambitions, it did satisfy
a stronger one— to be financially independ
ent of his father; an eccentric, but fabu
lously prosperous corporation lawyer,
who scoffed at his £>n's lowly vocation.
When he first met him at the club How
ard had no idea that Bannister was the
commercial author and poet of whom
Turnbull had told, and the revealed iden
tity had strengthened the first lively in
terest he felt In the man. What could
the lady be like who had won his ardent
affections? he wondered, as they drove
up town to the west of the park. That
touch about her not being strong enough
to suddenly hear his telephonic voice
pave a hint. A tender, pining young
thing, eurely. Howard concluded. They
alighted from their cab in front of a
smart little four-story bnck cottage, one
of a row of such in a street near the
southern end of the Riverside Drive, and
Bannister, after liberally tipping the
driver (whom, however, he called a cai
tiff, and told that his horse had died long
ago), sprang up the steps, rushed past
the maid at the door, crying. "Gertrude!
Love! My heart'8 Jewell Forgive!"
Thus calling, he disappeared, and How
ard wondered how. IX at all. he was to
be ushered Into Gertrude's presence, when
the maid, as if not at ail surprised at
what had occurred, said very calmly,
"Will you step into the parlor, eIt?
They'll be there ¦oon."
Howard entered a little, brilliantly
lighted room that had a cozy, homelike
feeling of being much lived In by com
fortable, cozy people. An old lady, white
haired, but pink-cheeked, was seated In
an easy chalr_ reading an evening paper.
Bhe rose as Howard entered, and said in
a. placid tone, "I am glad to see you, Mr.
Paxton. Will you take an evening paper
and read?" She pointed to a dozen on a
table. "My daughter, Mrs. Carr, will be
here boos." Bhe sank back In her chair
and resumed her reading, but looked over
the top of the paper to say, "Their rec
onciliations axe speedily effected, and"
She did not finish the sentence, being
fascinated, it seemed, by the headlines of
the paper. Howard had little time to
wonder if Mrs. Carr was the one whom
he had telephoned to, for. In a minute.
Bannister entered the room, his arm
around the waist of a very plump, a
very smiling, a very blonde, a very cozy
and comfortable looking young woman,
who did not appear to be more than 20
years old, and who, Howard concluded,
could not be Mrs. Carr. But Bannister,
beaming brightly, advanced, saying, "Ger
trude, Mrs. Carr, heart of my soul, dream
of my heart, soul of my dreams, this Is
Mr. Paxtoa." , n
Mrs. Carr put eat a pretty little hand,
bearing a great many diamonds, and said,
"It was so good of George to insist upon
your coming, and for 70a to come.
Mamma, this Is"— —
"I have met Mr. Paxton." said mamma,
cot looking up from her paper. "George,"
she added, with the first Interest that
had appeared In her manner, "did you
bring op the night editions?"
George took late editions of the evening
papers from all the pockets of his coat
and gave them to the old lady, who re
ceived them eagerly, and until dinner was
announced a half hour later neither
moved nor Bpoke.
If the gods dine as they please, and do
not dine as the four at the table of Mrs.
Marble— Howard chanced to learn that
mamma's name was Marble— dined that
night, then the gods fail to take advan
tage of their highest privilege.
But Howard's interest was more in the
people than In the dinner. To be sure,
Mrs. Marble did not give him all the op
portunity to observe the young lovers
that he would have liked. When she
learned that he was from White River
and knew Isaac Bunton. she cross-exam
ined him searchlngly as to his knowledge
of Bunton's actions In delaying the forma
tion of the big Iron Combine. When
It appeared that Howard did not
know of Mr. Bunton's contumacy In
that respect, and. was hardly aware
of the publicly known, plans of . the
Iron Crowd, as she called the pro
moters of the combine, she regarded him
with distinct loss of favor. "Here Is
George, whose father Is the chief attor
ney for the Worthlngton Interest, and
George knows no more about the iron
deal— though every one knows that the
Worthlngton interest is heavily engaged—
than if his father was a candlestick
maker. Though, as far as that goes, his
father, Caleb Bannister, Is a hard hearted,
soulless "
"Mother!" cried Mrs. Carr, but Mrs.
Marble, quite undisturbed. Bald, "If you
know Mr. Caleb Bannister better than I
do, Gertrude, perhaps you will tell Mr.
Paxton what he 1«."
"He Is George's father," Gertrude said
reproachfully.
"Pish!" Mrs. Marble exclaimed, and
then to Howard: VThere will be Bome
money on the first of July that must be
reinvested. If vour Bunton stands like
a dosr In a manger, holding up this plan,
the stork will not be ready to be Issued
by that time, and I want some at that
time."
"Madam!" suddenly exclaimed Bannis
ter, "my father shall acknowledge that
he was wrong. He shall call upon you.
I swear ltl" **?
""Well, you know what will never hap
pen until he does," replied Mrs. Marble
grimly. To Howard's surprise and dis
tress Gertrude burst into tears and Ban
nister into a passion of protests that he
was the "most miserable, the most help
less of mortals. "I am a futile dupe!"
he cried in a frenzy. "My father sees me
with heaven almost within my grasp, and
mercilessly stays my eager hands!"
"If you g-g-gave up your wr-wr-wrlting,
and went Into h-h-hls law office," sobbed
Gertrude, "he would be more d-d-disposed
to-to "
Bannister interrupted her by Jumping
to his feet and hissing. "You hate me!"
"George! George, dear!" she cried.
"You taunt me with not doing all in my
power to end this wicked strife that is
keeping us apart! Very well! let the river
close coldly over this undeserving, but
loving heart!"
Thereupon he rushed from the room,
and Gertrude rushed after him sobbing,
and calling to him not to destroy himself.
Howard was seriously concerned for his
friend, and would have followed to lend
a man's strong arm to Gertrude In her
struggle to keep the unhappy lover from
doing himself harm. But Mrs. Marble's
action held him from his purpose. That
lady called a servant and said, "We will
not have dessert served until Mrs. Carr
and Mr. Bannister return."
The absent ones' voices could be heard
from the next room, gradually subsiding
from their Btormy pitch, and thus reas
sured, thouih much bewildered, Howard
was glad t# have Mrs. Marble explain a
little. 1/
"This has been going on with but one
brief interval since Gertrude was six and
George nine years old. They were en-
Raged when they were yet mere chil
dren—seventeen and twenty, or some
euch ages— but the Bannisters and I quar
reled: the children had a more than us
ually violent quarrel, also. George went
to Paris, where the reports of him were—
well he did not seem to be Improving his
morals there— and Gertrude married. I
admit that I approved the marriage-
Caleb Bannister can console himself
with that. If It will do him any good—
and Gertrude would have died within a
year, I now admit that; but heaven .was
Just and merciful. Mr. Carr was called
hence six months after the marriage. His
Investments had been well made, and he
had been unable to waste more than the
Income. There were no— no encum
brances. It was a nightmare, but it is
all over."
The lovers returned, as calmly smiling
as if no more than a caressing June-day
zephyr had ever rippled the placid cur
rent of their true love. Gertrude was
hungry for dessert, and ate It with a
sturdy appetite that much comforted
Howard to observe; bo eloquent of a rest
ful heart it was to see her consume a
plateful of bonbons, and then put as much
sugar in her black coffee as it would dis
solve.
After dinner, while the lovers loved and
quarreled, and loved again, somewhat
apart, Mrs. Marble returned to the sub
ject of Isaac Bunton. Howard was sur
prised not only by the eagerness, but the
keenness of her questioning, and inci
dentally the deep knowledge she seemed
to possess of all matters relating to the
world of Investments.
XI— MISTRESS MADGB AND A MYS
TERY. •
That evening began a close friendship
between Howard and Bannister. "Pax
ton.-I want you to know my people,"
Bannister said one time. "I have told
them about you at home, and they want
me to bring you out there over Sunday.
My father, particularly, is eager to meet
you. Will you say Saturday next, until
Monday?" Howard did eay so.
"It's only right to tell you," Bannister
continued, "that we are a family of ec
centrics. That is, all but me. I'm the
only normal member of the family.
Father— well, you see the stories about
him in the papers. They call him a mis
anthrope, a recluse, a charger of mon
strous fees, a defender of trusts — nearly
everything but a poor lawyer. But he Is
the gentlest, the kindest, the sweetest
hearted man in seven worlds— except"
And the exception had to do, of course,
with the cruelty of his father In not ad-*
Justing a certain feud between the
houses of Bannister and Marble, so that
two loving hearts might cease to be torn
apart, but dwell together in oneness and
affection. "Mother," continued Bannister,
"is the loveliest woman beneath the can
opy of heaven, but to strangers she may
appear to be somewhat frivolous. Sister
Madge, so far as a mere child's charac
ter can be Judged, combines the eccen
tricities of our parents, but has gleams
of my singularly same and reposeful na
ture."
With this key to the family character
istics well In mind, Howard accompanied
his friend on a suburban train, prepared
to encounter almost any variety of hu
man nature—except the varieties he did
encounter. At a station where many
ether passengers alighted, and where a
•core of fashionably appointed vehicles,
varying from carts to four-in-hands, were
In waiting. Bannister gave his own and
his guest's hand baggage to a liveried
footman, with the inquiry: "How la
father, James T"
"It's Brussels sprouts, Mr. George," re
plied the man solemnly.
They drove something more than a
mile through a country of beautiful
homes surrounded by extensive and ex
quisitely kept grounds; and on all sides
were lively evidences of the outdoor coun
try life of wealthy New Yorkers; tennis
courts alive with players, the- rolling ex
panse of emerald golf links, dotted with
brightly dressed followers of the game;
coaching parties rolled along the well
kept roads, or bareheaded riders ambling
gayly on the soft earth by the Bide of the
paved highway. Howard had never be
fore seen one of the playgrounds for
which fashionable New York deserts its
streets and parks at week-end, . and the
sights charmed him bo that he forgot his
companion, until, the carriage Blowing,
Bannister said, "We'll get out here and
walk through .the grounds."
They were at* an opening in a hedge,
from which a graveled path led first
through an orchard, then Into a meadow
and garden.
"This is where father work* and Madge
plays," Bannister said, as they strode up
the path, now and then catching glimpses
of a large, rambling building, beyond
meadow and garden. "From the first vlo
let In the spring to the last earthing up
of celery In the fall, my distinguished
papa fusses with plant life, interfering
with the gardeners and lawn keepers,
making our vegetables cost us -fabulous
sums, but preserving his health and con-,
vinclng himself that he's a scientific
farmer."
Howard was not attending to the prat
tle of his friend; he heard something that
much more engaged his attention; a
sweet. Joyous laugh, unarfec ted, hearty,
gayly unconscious— the dearest sound on
earth; the laugh of pure physical happi
ness, springing from the light heart of a
girl. Something in the sound moved
Howard as if he had suddenly heard the
mocking bird's gallant outpouring of
brave music. He stopped, his face flushed
and his eyes sparkled. Bannister, noting,
said. carelessly, "Oh, It's only Madgel
come along."
"Madge— your little sister?"
"It's Madge," Bannister replied, looking
at his friend, then smiling. "But she
Isn't little. There «be Is— what the devil
—look. Paxton. Oh, this Is a fine Joke to
have on Madge!"
What Howard first saw in the meadow
through the orchard trees was a youth
of fourteen or so, falling on a football—
either In a holdover enthusiasm from
the season past or an early outcropping
of enthusiasm for the season to co ™*-
The youth having recovered the bail
passed it, and, following Its flight witn
his eyes, Howard saw It neatly caught
by a young woman. She stopped
laughing as she poised the bail and
estimated . with critical eye the di
rection and distance of the y oun *
man. Then there was a swish of
skirts, a second's glimpse of a «*outly
shod, shapely foot, and the bal went
hurtling fari and true. She watched Its
fortunes, lips' parted, eyes gleaming, and
as the boy fumbled she cried, "Fall on It,
Jones; fall on it!" '
Jones did so, and bavini picked
it and himself up passed the bail
back again. The girl affaln poised
for a kick. but Bannister. who
with Howard had now reached tne
edge of the open, laughed. At the sound
she turned, startled; her eyes flashed
scorn at her brother, her lips trembled,
as if she would speak if Indignation had
not stricken her dumb. Suddenly she
hurled the ball at her brother, gathered
her skirts around her, turned and ran.
Bannister dodged the ball, which Howard
caught; and handling it like an expert,
he kicked it to master Jones, with such,
force and precision that that unseasonable
enthusiast was bowled over. "Oh. Mr.
BannlBter!" he cried when he had righted
himself, "I wish your friend would kick
for me "a little."
"Madge seemed to be doing pretty well
for you," Bannister said.
"Well enough for a girl." the youth ad
mitted Indulgently. "But you know that
a man can't get good practice unless a
man is playing with him. After the rain
the other day Madge kicked her overshoe
off and it flew— my!— clean over the
trees 1"
Howard saw no more of Madge that
afternoon, though he was conscious of a
singularly strong hope that he might.
¦Nor did he meet any other member of the
family. Mrs. Bannister, it appeared, was
giving a tea at the neighborhood Country
Club, and Mr. Bannister was at a farm he
owned in the vicinity, struggling with
the problem of making some of the cab
bage of Brussels turn Into sprouts and
not all into stalk. George and Howard
drove far about the country until It was
time to dress for dinner. "Sorry to put
you to the trouble of dressing, out here in
the country." George said, "but my
mother holds to the belief that the eftener
a man changes his clothes the less fre
quently he commits murder."
George had bo far completed his own
dressing that he was struggling, in a
stcrm of extravagant Invective, with the
problem of tying a strip of lawn about his
collar without wrinkling the lawn or
bringing on apoplexy, when Madge
knocked, and being asked to enter, did so
only as far as one stride, and then hissed,
"Animal!"
Her brother let her see his smiling- re
flection in the mirror, but made no re
ply.
"Unnatural brotherl Hideous, base,
boorish "
"Bubbling bouncer," George suggested,
as she hesitated for a word.
She was dressed for dinner, all in white
and dainty blue, and looked charmingly
feminine, in spite of her tragically folded
arms, lowering brows and angry eyes.
"Don't think you can make a Jest of
this, George Bannister!" she said, stamp
ing her foot, and shaking her head at his
grinning reflection. "What right had you
to enmp in through the orchard with a
Btranger? Why did you not drive to the
front of the house like a Christian, and
not subiect me. your own sister, to the
gross humiliation, the unthinkable shame
of being discovered in an attitude of— of—
George Bannister, what are you grinning
at? you appalling ape!"
"He's going to look for the rubber you
kicked off the other day, and write a
poem on it," her brother said, snatching
off another lawn tie and throwing It on
the floor where a half dozen lay.
"I'll box that Jones boy's ears," she
exclaimed, a new variety of rage, or some
other emotion, perhaps, coloring her face.
"It wouldn't have been so miserable of
you," she continued, "if he had not been
a Btranger, or I had not been shod like
a policeman."
"Ah, but your skirts, Madge! They
were beautiful I And your stockings!
Blue, weren't they?"
"I hate you!" she cried. "You are a
person of low mind; one it were flattery
to call a coward; and I shall never speak
to you as long as I livel Blue, Indeed!"
Bhe turned to leave the room, but he
called after her coaxlngly, "Please,
Madge, won't you tie this tie for a fel
low, before you leave me forever? I'll
tell you something awfully nice if you
will."
With a swiftness and neatness that
made his masculine mind marvel she tied
a fresh bow for him and then said, "Now,
what is it, Georgle?"
"That I worship you, dear," he said,
kissing her. "Isn't that something nice?"
"Y-es," she replied doubtfully. "But
I thought you'd tell me something about
—that is— why— about him."
"Him?"
"Mr. Paxton."
"Oh/ Paxton! Well, he worships you,
too." ~"~
"George Bannister," Bhe said as Bhe
strode from the room, "you are an odious
ox!"
At dinner that evening Mrs. Bannister,
a fine, big woman, from whom Madge in
herited her blonde coloring and large
gray eyes, said to Howard, "Since my
husband gave up, general practice he
chooses to devote his leisure to the com-
panionship of earthworms. Together
they make a mess of the soil, with equal
profit and pleasure, I Judge. To me it
seems a strange choice of occupation for
a man who might become a Senator, an
Embassador, and live In civilized com
munities where social life amounts to
something. I hold that It is a man's chief
privilege, pleasure, duty, to mix as much
as possible with his fellows; to cultivate
.the graces of mind' and person which ex
pand and shine only/ when animated by
ceremonious association — In short, social
life."
The lady said this with a good deal of
conviction and emphasis, but none of her
family seemed to notice her remarks, and
she did not seem to expect them. to do so.
"Holding to this belief as I do it seems
too bad that my husband, for many years
one of the acknowledged leaders of the
American bar, should choose the compan
ionship of earthworms. Still, I find some
attractive society In this community;
and though I am without my daughter's
aid in cultivating it, as well as lacking
any help from my husband or son, it af
fords me entertainment. That is as much
as a wife can expect, I suppose, when
ambition is absent from every member of
her family. The truth Is, Mr. Paxton.
we may be described as a family of ec
centrics, for I am the only one of us who
is simply normal in my tastes and con
duct." t
It seemed to Howard that the
lady made this declaration of prin
ciples without the spirit of complaint
which the words might Imply; rather as
if one bhould say: "Let others do and
think as they may; I, at least. Lav© set
myseu! right before this young man, and
am theieicre in no danger of being mis-
Judged^y the idloByncracies of others.'*
Alter a pleasant evening, during which
Howard discovered with admiration that
the members "of the family severally
avoided Jarring each other's peculiarities,
Mr. Bannister said, when there was a
movement of separation, "Mr. Paxton, If
you are not tired or sleepy, I should like
a little gossip with you alone."
The others, upon this cue, departed
promptly.
"Woud it distress you at all to speak
a little about your father7" Mr. Bannis
ter BBked abruptly when they sat alone
on a deep veranda overlooking a lawn
pricked by the flashes of a thousand fire
flies. /<
"Not in the least, shy" said Howard,
greatly surprised at the question. "Did
you know him 7"
"I never met him— I have not trav-^
eled much farther than this' from New
York— but I have come to know your
father pretty well, I think. Dr. Paxton
was a man of hearty, sunny temperament;
breezy, open manner; optimistic, singu
larly trusting, giving his services freely
to the poor, proud and fond of his son
and daughter, rather indifferent to his
worldly affairs, until shortly before his
death he sought and obtained the post
mastership of White River to Increase
his income, for his daughter" s sake, It
seems, and — -"
"Stop, slrP' exclaimed Howard, ex
cited and amazed by this calm recital of
his father's habits, characteristics, cir
cumstances, by a man who had never
met him. "I have said that it would not
distress me to talk of my father. There
was a long time after his death when I
could not talk of him without great dis
tress, but now I can speak of him as of
a dear friend that only distance, not
death, separates from me. But first I
must know how you— who never met
him— come to know him, so intimately,
and for what purpose."
"Your question and the spirit in which
you ask it do credit to your heart," the
lawyer said slowly; and then paused so
long that Howard became impatient. "It's
, a good quality in a son to be as jealously
affectionate of his father as of his mother.
I think you dined at Mrs. Marble's with
my boy."
"I did," answered Howard, wondering at
this abrupt change in the subject, and
In the lawyer's manner, for he now
laughed gently as he said. "Mrs. Marble
is an old and respected client, one of the
few whose affairs I continue to manage."
"Your client!" Howard could not help
exclaimed, remembering Mrs. Marble's
expressed opinion of him.
_Mr. Bannister laughed again softly.
"Oh, she has been talking to you about
Caleb Bannister!" he said. "Yes, we
quarreled, but she is too wise an old
lady to take her business out of my
hands. We do not meet, but carry on a
sober correspondence when her affairs
require attention. My boy thinks he Is
having some heartaches because Mrs.
Marh>> will not let Gertrude marry him
until I've been proved wrong in a matter
in which I'm right; and George's emo
tions, therefore, are somewhat turbulent
But they do not disturb me, as I am ac
customed to family eccentricities: being
the only normal minded person in my own
family. My wife, although a woman of
more than ordinary intelligence. Is de
voted to the tasteless, unprofitable life we
call society. My son. who might
—if he would— fall heir to a legal
practice of respectable proportions
or live here learning the fascinat
ing mysteries of the noblest voca
tion on earth, farming, prefers to draw
picures on the sidewalk, or some such
thing. My daughter elects to find all hu
man companionship unendurable— so there
we are. Did you say that your fatter
consulted you about his business affairs?''
"I did not, sir. I asked why you had
taken what must have been a great deal
of pains to learn so much about him."
Mr. Bannister, who had ma<lo the di
gression only that Howard might collect
himself, noted that his voice was now
without any signs of excitement, and
said: "That is quite right. I shall talk
to you very frankly. A matter of busi
ness—of very great importance— led an
Interest for which I have long been the
chief counsel to make some rather secret
investigations in White ,Rlver."
He paused, while Howard leaned eagerly
forward, trying to peer Into his face.
"No," he continued, "that Is not the way
to begin. I must be wholly frank with
you. You may have seen in the papers
something about a proposed community
of Interest of a number of large Iron in
dustries. We, the interest for which . I
am counsel, require for our protection as
much as for our use. a certain niece of
mining land — undeveloped, out whose ex
tent of ore deposits has been pretty accu
rately determined. That land is owned"—
he paused and lighted a cigar before he
added with peculiar emphasis— "or seems
to be owned, by one Isaac Bunton. When
our offers to buy that land reached a fig
ure'which fully represented Its strategic
value, so to speak— a value far beyond its
possible intrinsic value— and Isaac Bun
ton still refused to sell, giving no reason
therefor, we began In Investigation to see
if a side light could not be thrown on the
situation. In a little town like White
River, with our facilities for making secret
inquiries, we soon learned all that we
wanted to know, except on one point.
Your father's name came into the reports
¦I received, and inquiries concerning him
showed me that no man m the commu
nity stood so deservedly high in the es
teem of all good citizens as did Dr. Pax-
ton. Now, may I ask you a few ques
tions r*
"You may," Howard said, scarcely
above his breath, for he was much af
fected by what the lawyer said, and the
manner in which he had been speaking.
"Do you chance to know for what pur
post your father borrowed five thousand
dollars on the day of his death?"
Howard, as he answered earnestly, could
not see the eagerness with which the law
yer waited for his words.
"I do not know. They made Inquiries of
me at the time, but I could give no infor
mation—not even a hint, then or now."
"He did not speak to you of a purpose?"
"No."
"Yet he was accustomed to tell you of
his plans in advance?"
"Very freely."
"Then it was a suddenly formed plan.
At the savings bank where he transacted
the loan with an official who was his
friend he only laughed when he was
asked what he wanted so much money
for. Therefore It was for some purpose
he did not wish to disclose. We may In
fer, from what we know of Dr. Paxton's
nature and character, that the probable
cause for not wanting to let the bank peo
ple know what he was going to do with
the money was that he was going to do a
favor to some one— make an emergency
accommodation— to a person who did not
want it known that he was borrowing.
Can you suggest any one to whom your
father would have made such a loan?"
"No, I cannot." Howard replied, breath
lessly following- the other's reasoning.
''The sum was a large one, for trans
actions in White River at that tlme^-a
very large one. Have you no idea to
whom your father gave that sum on that
day?"
"Your information is at^ault. sir," said
Howard. "Whatever my father's Inten
tions were, they were not carried out;
the money was stolen from his body."
"The hasty and unwarranted conclu
sion of Incapable officials. That money
was not upon your father's person when
he met with that most unhappy acci
dent."
"What makes you think that?" cried
Howard, astonished.
"I speak from positive information. The
interest I represent has a carefully or
ganized detective service, one branch of
which protects Its freight cars from
tramp depredations. Members of that
branch of the service go about the coun
try with tramps and are supposed to be
tramps by their companions. Through
that branch I have learned that your
father carried no large sum of money that
night. His body was robbed, as you
know. The two robbers were tramps, one
of whom took his watch, and the other
took everything else that a thorough
search of the doctor's* clothes revealed.
The man with the watch was arrested,
as you know, and sent to prison. The
other man got a pocketbook containing a
few dollars, and a memorandum book in
which your father noted the places where
he was to call on his rounds. I have that
book. Every one of the entries under the
date of his death we found to be pa
tients, except one. That one is Isaao
Bunton. Does that suggest anything to
you?"
"No."
"The entry we have not inquired Into—
for we dare not yet— reads, 'Isaac Bun
ton, 2 p. m.' That was after the hour your
father drew the five thousand dollars.
Think, young man! Does this suggest
nothing to you??
"Nothing," Howard said, startled at
the sudden vehemence of the speaker.
The lawyer sighed as In disappointment
and was silent for some time before he
resumed, now speaking calmly: "Isaao
Bunton made a considerable purchase of
pig Iron on that day, but we are balked
In our effort to learn the particulars of
the banking transaction Involved, because
his father has become a director of the
bank, and that avenue of information is
closed to us."
"You have amexsd me by what you
say," Howard said, as the lawyer ceased
speaking. "If Isaao Bunton did borrow
that money from my father, why has he
not returned It? The fact that he has not
returned It shows your suspicion to be
unfounded. It Is a small sum for him."
The lawyer, paying no attention to this
sumed . that Mr. Bannister would
have made equally searching Inquiry of
any one he chanced to meet, who had
known Mr. Bunton well in White River.
He was, to be sure, absorbingly interested
at the time in all the lawyer had to say
about his father, but he did not connect
that interest with anything Dr. Paxton's
affairs might have had to do with Isaao
Bunton's ownership of mining lands. But
even had his mind been steeped in spec
ulation as to the possible purport of the
interview, the events of the next day
would have altered the complexion of
his thoughts. Yet the day passed with
only ' such Incidents as are common to
the lives of those who have "gone back
to nature." ,
Mr. Bannister made no allusion to their
talk of the night before, but said to How
ard after breakfast, "I've had so much
to do with men that I find great satisfac
tion in studying the habits of vegetables.
You do not chance to know why the plant
of the Brussels sprout, with -a freedom of
choice in the matter, prefers to run all to
stalk and not at all to sprouts? No? It
is a quality of matter nearly akin to mind
and I thought you might have observed
it."
With these words he was off to the
farm, accompanied by a godless gard
ener.
young Mr. George Bannister, eyes dis
traught, hair disordered and manner mad,
said to Howard, "I've a soap picture to
draw and some verses on a baby food to
write— curse all soap; hall Infant damna
tion! — bo I must leave you to your own
resources for a few hours. If this wasn't
a family of eccentrics some one would
be about to entertain a guest But not a
soul— only Madge. Hey, Madge I" he ex
claimed as she threw down a book and
started to dash from the room, "can't
you dig up some amusement to keep Pax
ton from dying of boredom until some
body comes to entertain him? What's the
matter with you? Womanl Cat! What
have I done?"
The wrath in her eyes was wonderful
to behold, but it was no such matter as
the scorn of her silent lips— though it was
plain that there was much she would
have liked to say to her brother.
"If I've offended you, Madge," cried
George. "I'm the basest beast that drags
an undeserved existence through this
world of worry and woe."
It was evident that she had to say
something or perish, so she hissed, "You
are an unapproachable bat!" Then she
fled from the room.
"Funny about little girls, isn't it?"
George said, mussing his hair with his
pencil. "Well, you Just get a book from
the shelves and fuss around the grounds
until I finish. Then we'll do something."
Howard found a promising book and
walked out to the orchard, where he sat
down on an Inviting bench, opened the
book— but did not read. His thoughts were
agreeable— for they were all ot Madge —
and must have been engrossing, for the
shadows of the overhanging boughs shift
ed far before he was startled into a con
sciousness of his surroundings by a voice
directly over his head saying, "Please to
go away until I come down."
He looked up and on a high branch of
the tree saw Madge. "I'll help you
down," he exclaimed, laughing.
"Go away!" she commanded. "I hate
you. because after I left the room you
and George- laughed at me. and you said
that I was a spiteful creature and should
be taught to keep my temper."
"I neverl" Bald Howard. "Cross my
heart!"
"Go away!"
Howard rose from the bench, tied his
handkerchief over bis eyes, covered his
face with his book and the book with his
hat, and called out, ."How many must I
count?"
Instantly there was a light Jump, he
uncovered his eyes and Madge stood be
fore him, blushing and looking repentant.
v"Ifs George's fault," she said. "He
teases me to distraction, and then I do or
say something 1 that makes a stranger
think that I am as eccentric as the rest
of the Bannisters. I'm the only normally
behaved member of the family, but Just
because I'm not like the others I appear
insane, I suppose. Will you forgive me
for being rude to George In your pres-
guileless remark, suddenly asked, "Did
you know a clerk in Bunton's office
named Lawton?"
Howard laughed; relieved to have the
strain he had been under removed by this
unexpected summoning of poor Harry's
harmless spirit. "I knew him always.
He was a schoolfellow of mine until I
went Into the high school. "When poor
Harry struggled somehow through the
grammar school he went as a clerk into
Mr. Bunton's office."
"Why Bunton's office."
"He was a favorite of Mrs. Bunton's.
Bhe was always a kind hearted woman,
and had Harry's homelessness on her
mind."
"What sort was he?"
"A simple fellow. Perhaps if he had
lived in New York, under congenial cir
cumstances, he would have developed
successfully as a society clown."
"Not a young man Bunton would have
sent on a business trip into the valley?" '
"I should think not. In the office he
was something like a tally clerk and mes
senger."
« "Messenger? Um-m! Did you ever hear
what he was doing down In the valley
when he was killed and Isaac Bunton
alone identified his body?"
Howard -said that his father's death
made him unmindful of all other events
at that time.
There was something uncanny In the'
way the lawyer rattled off detail after
detail of seemingly unimportant and un
related events, all showing an astonishing
familiarity with Isaac Bunton's move
ments.
"When Bunton moved from the part of
your town called the Flats to the Heights
you and your sister ceased to visit the
Buntons, after a time — you must not
think me Impertinent in this or any other
question I ask — was there any special
cause for that?"
"Only that we were no longer Invited
there," Howard answered. >
"Mr. Paxton," the lawyer said, rising,
"I need not say to you how deeply I am
concerned to learn the motive behind
Bunton's action in this matter of the
mining land. The questions I have asked
you show that to you. You have helped
me— yes, I think you have helped me—
to come to the conclusion that there is
something not wholly honest operating
In his mind."
The great lawyer after more than a
year's study, with all the details of infor
mation the detectives furnished him, with
a trained mind directed by a peculiar de
termination to succeed In the case, had
arrived at the identical conclusion that
Mrs. Worthlngton reached intuitively
after oneVialf second's consideration.
His interview with Mr. Bannister left no
pointed impression In Howard's mind. His
impressions of men and women, and of
their intentions, were commonly formed
more from what he saw in their faces
than from what they said; and he had
not been able to see the face of the
lawyer in the pale starlight of the
veranda where they sat. As to the
subject of their talk, Howard as-
encer
' Howard assured her of his forgiveness
on condition that »hs would help him
"fuss around" until George came to his
rescue.
"What shall we dor* she asked. "I hate
coif; and, besides, people don't play on
Sunday— until after church. Tennis,
same."
"How about football r* asked Howard,
gravely.
"If you're going to b* bad I'll run
away," she replied Indignantly.
"I'll be good," Howard meekly promised.
"Couldn't we sit down here and talk over
what we'll do?"
"Oh, I love to Bit In the orchard 17 she
cried; "but I didn't suggest It because
mostly It bores people to extinction. Don't
you hate people? I hate men because the
silly creatures think they're superior to
women! And I hate women because the
silly creatures are so Inferior to menl I
like horses, though. Have you a sister?
¦What Is she like?"
Perhaps It was the number of topics
thus impulsively launched that accounted
for the absorption of the young people
sitting In the orchard. Anyway, when
George found his friend a couple of hours
later he sneered at the discovery that
Howard was too pleasantly engaged to
welcome disturbance. "I'd thought better
of Paxton," he said to himself, "than to
be amused by a wild Indian of a girl like
Madge." and he returned to his room and
wrote a long and passionate outpouring of
love to Gertrude.
On his next visit to the Bannisters
Grace went with Howard, and was In
stantly approved by Mrs. Bannister. As
beautiful a girl as Grace was In herself
a decided attraction to the Bannister Sun
day teas and dinners. "Besides." said
Mrs. Bannister, "Miss Paxton Is a clever
girl, and wM have an influence on Madge.
Miss Paxton likes men. she likes women,
she likes her kind, as sane people should;
and a girl like Madge Is more Inclined to
follow the example of a girl of her own
age than to follow the precepts of her*
own mother. And MJss Paxton taking up
this study— what do you call it? house
painting 1 — makes her so Interesting."
One of the members of the neighbor
hood Country Club who seemed to ap
prove of Mrs. Bannister's enthusiasm over
Grace was Mr. Jack Worthlngton. He
was not a new visitor at the house; he
had been an Intimate there since boy
hood, and he rejoiced, now, that his part
In the conduct of the Worthlngton inter
ests required him to consult the chief
counsel frequently. It chanced that It
was convenient for Jack to hold these
consultations on those very week-ends
when Grace went with Howard to the
Bannister place. They were happy week
ends; though it was not observed by the
godless gardener that Caleb Bannister
was obliged, by the consultations, to in
termit his study of the habits of plants.
In fact the gardener turned out to be the
one most concerned; he had to build an
other bench in the orchard, under an
other apple-tree.-,'
(Continued Ntxt W«ek.)By Louise Hubert GuyoL
/ HEN It Is no again?"
lffi*$Wr*$ i MacDowe11 ' 8 volc «
I-^V' i V«M WaS reflectlve and re "
Vkyflr. I \/i» gretf ul. He did not
«fiV .*, i| pn£*. look at the small, erect
JS^rV] 51 r^^Gj HB'ure In brown linen
|#D^>===$<0 sitting in solitary state
on . the old fallen log
among the pine needles. The serious hazel
eyes regarded him with a calm, disinter
ested independence that was exasperating.
"It is always no. This is the fourth
time."
"Three and a half." There was a flash
of mischief In her quick smile. "You only
got as far as a lifetime of devotion last
time and Mr. Tlsdale came for his waltz.
When will you try again?"
"Never." His voice was quiet. She
could not see his face. "I give up the
fight. I^hink that even you. will grant
I have made a hard one for the cause,
and since it is hopeless I shall leave Ar
leigh."
"For the summer?" She dug the point
of her parasol a trifle viciously In among
the Innocent sine needles.
"No. Indefinitely. I expect to go to
Japan. on business, and from there will
'merely drift .any where. It does not mat
ter so long as I do not drift into Arleigh
Harbor and try again— for the fourth
time."
She did not answer. There was a new
tone in his voice that troubled her, a tone
of cynicism and finality. She looked. off
at the broad half moon of the bay and
shivered at the sudden chill in the air
since the sun had gone down. The sea
looked gray, with long wreaths of swirl
inp white foam where the tide was com
ing in full. There was a dull, low roar
to the breaking waves In the beach below.
There were just thirty-seven good and
excellent reasons why she should marry
"We had better go back," MacDowell
said presently, turning to her. "There Is
a storm coming up."
"I like a storm." She took off her hat
rebelliously and fastened it with the pins
to th« log. The wind caught her hair
and blew It in a brown veil across her
eyes and she held it back, laughing as
she looked up at him. "You may go If
you wish."
He frowned and threw himself down
on the ground near the edge of tha bluff.
"I suppose that Is one reason why I
love you," he said bitterly. "You are so
charmingly tractable. You always do as
I sav."
"There is no necessity for sarcasm."
The little sq-iar-s chin tilted higher. Miss
Dunderdale Teit Indignant. "You always
wish me to do something that I don't
want to. And you are— are masterful."
She brought out the hateful word sol
emnly, and he shrugged his shoulders.
There Is . something most annoying In a
person shrugging their shoulders ; at ' you
when you want to argue. It Implies men
tal superiority and an impregnable stand.
She closed her lips tightly. She would
not say another word. He could go to
Japan or the moon. It was a matter. of
tha utmost indifference to her. She turned
away from the stalwart • figure on ,. tha
ground and looked off at , the storm
clouds racing up from the breast of the
sea on the horizon, her chin on her palm,
one small foot swinging to and fro ex
pressively as she reviewed tha casa of
Hugh MacDowell. •-- *
and the anchored yachts out in the bay
were tugging and straining like restive
horses as the swell plunged them to and
fro.
MacDowell was twenty-nine. A traveled
man of the world, with a generous for
tune back /of him, who had coma from
his globe-trotting cultured, broad-minded
and cosmopolitan, with his native Amer
ican point of view still fresh and optim
istic.
Cecil's elderly relatives dwelt lovingly
on these points. ' Her younger ones veered
to the outward and visible signs of grace
and said the tall, six foot wooer was
handsome and altogether desirable.
That was Just it. ¦ He was too desirable.
Ha was faultless. Ever since he had
coma down to Arleigh Cecil had felt her
self lifted bodily by fate, assisted slightly
by tha anxious bevy, and thrown at his
head and heart.
Any other man in his position would
have courteously and diplomatically
avoided • tha j snar*. Ha had walked into
it, eyes open, lips smiling aJid arms ex
tended to - receive fate's • gift.' Wherefore
the gift, with faithful feminine contrari
ness, declined "being received.
There was a sudden vivid dare that
ripped the heavy mass of clouds from
end to end. and a long- crashing peal. of
thunder like cannon. Tha sea seemed to
swell and > leap to meet the sky. Tha
boughs of the pines lashed up and down
him. Cecil knew all thirty-seven by
heart. They were rehearsed to her with
faithful exactitude by an anxious bevy
of sisters and cousins and aunts.
And there was but one reason why she
should not She did not choose to.
To Cecil tha one reason was sufficient
and outweighed all the good and excel
lent thirty-seven. To the anxious bevy
It was a willful and foolish obstacle set
up before one of the happiest chances
fate ever offered a girl.
Tha waves leaped and snarled with a
hissing roar at his feet like a pair of
hungry wolves, and he was forced to
stop again and again and lean back
against the bluff as the wind beat down
on .him. The burden In his arms grew
heavier with every drag&lnj? step, but at
length the beach shelved and broadened
and he staggered up the higher ground
"Put your 'arms around my neck and
keep still," he answered curtly. "We
can't stav up here."
She obeyed in silence and he made his
way down tha path. What had been a
smooth stretch of sand was now a swirl
ing mass of low breakers. MacDowcll
paused an Instant for breath as he
reached it and looked down at the face on
his shoulder. Her eves were closed. A
wild Impulse seized him and he bent and
kissed her. The next instant ha was knee
deep in tha waves, struggling In the teeth
of the gale to where the shore curved
and safety lay, and he fancied that the
arms around his neck were clasped closer
than before, although the eyes were still
closed and the face was white and still.
Ilka fragile breeze-blown ferns as tha
wind swept over them.
At the second crash Cecil rose and
turned instinctively to th* trees for shel
ter, but the gale caught her, and she
would have fallen only for MacDowell's
firm clasp of her arm. Almost Instantly
the whole world of land and sea and sky
seemed on fire, and she shrank back into
his arms with a cry of fear as a bolt
struck a kingly pine that towered above
Its brothers a few yards away and left it
a blasted, smoking ruin.
Before she could recover herself he had
lifted her In his arms and gained the
path that led down over the face of the
bluff.
"We can't get to the shore," she ex
claimed. "The tide U In."
The first soft gleam of midsummer
moonlight was castine a oath of silver
scales on the water when they reached
the hotel veranda. The soft, delicious
music of a mandolin orchestra came
through the bright lighted windows, and
they caused a moment in the shadow of
the clinging vines to look back at the sea.
"I knew you ¦would try the fourth
time," she said laughingly, as she raised
her face to him. "Japan is so far away."
Bom* fifteen year* ago a Virginia gen
tleman purchased in Alexandria, Egypt,
from a native who found It in th* wall of
a building broken during a conflagra
tion, what appeared to> b* a mass of cor
roded copper weighing twenty pounds. It
was kept as a hearth ornament, until re
cently it was found to consist of about 5C0
Roman coins, struck In the days of the
early Caesars. Professor Dunnington of
the University of Virginia finds that the
coins contain one part of sliver/ to four
of copper, but when dipped In acid a part
of the copper disappears, leaving a silvery
surface, which "wears" ss a white metal.
He believes the coins passed for silver.
The mass had become encrusted with a
double skin of malachite and of red
oxide of copper and remarkable changes
had gone on within, although the letter
ing and the dates remained legible.
In safety and laid her down under the
shelter of the overhanging rocks.
The first wild fury of the storm had
passed and only a faint rurablo of distant
thunder broke the stillness. She opened
her eyes and looked up at him as ha knelt
beside her. Something new In their hazel
depths seemed to answer tha cry of his
heart, and he raised two small, cold hands
to his lips.
"Cecil." he ssked. "must I go?"
Singularly Preserved Colas.
By Izola L. Forrester.
HUGH M'DOWELL'S STORMY WOOING
demanded of Harry after Inviting him out
to the barn for a talk.
"I !ove Betty and am going to marry
her," was the reply.
"You will never do It with my consent!"
"But I am cf age, father."
."Then I'll cast you off. If you marry
that girl you cease to be a son of mine,
and shall never get a cent of this prop
erty."
Harry didn't indulge in any heroics. On
the contrary he took the matter bo quiet
ly that his father chuckled to himself
and believed he had gained a victory In
the first round. He -let it be known that
he expected Harry to cease his visits to
the farmhouse, but at the same time he
was prepared to close his eyes for a time
and give the boy a chance to retire wltn
dignity. Things went on for three months
without anything further being said.
That Is, while It was said on all sides
that Harry and Betty would be married
en Thanksgiving day, the talk did not
reaeii the squire's ears until one evening
in October. He was a man who acted on
impulse. He determined to go straight
over to the widow's and settle things his
way within fifteen minutes of arriving.
The widow's bear- had no particular
grudge against the squire, but he was a
watch dog as well as a bear. He bad
been turned out that evening to roam
around and see that all was well and
when he suddenly discovered Squire Da
vis coming cross lots through the barn
yard it was only natural that he should
fasten his teeth in the farmer's trousers
leg and conduct him to the door of the
house. The squire didn't scare at bulls
or tramps or mad dogs, but he drew the
line et bears. H* was In a cold fright
when he reached tha house, and the
widow added to It by allowing the bear
to follow him In and sit up before him
and growl and show his teeth. Harry had
come courting as usual, and of course the
position was embarrassing for a couple of
minutes. It might have lasted longer
but for the presence of mind of the wid
ow. She realized that the bear had dealt
her a winning hand and she proceeded lo
play it for all it was worth.
"I am very gald to see you," she said
as ehe placed a chair for the caller. "I
am the Widow Jenkins, as perhaps you
know. This young lady is my friend.
Miss Lee, and the young gentleman there
is your son Harry. The bear has intro
duced himself, but I wish to say on his
behalf that he la aching to make mince
meat of you."
"Harry, what are you doing here?"
hoarsely demanded th* father.
"Courting Betty, sir," was the reply.
"We are soon to be married* and I was
going to tell you of It in a day or two."
"Married to that girl — never! You will
remember that I told you—"
The bear reared up and growled om-
The relations between the squire and
the widow had been strained for three or
four years when two new characters came
Into the cast. A smart, good-looking girl
named Betty Lee came to lire with tha
widow, and *he hadn't been there two
*eeks when Harry' Davis saw and fell In
love v.1th her. The son had tried to stand
neutral in tbo quarrel, though naturally
leaning- toward his father's side. Perhaps
one reason why he couldn't be brought to
think altc-eether ill of the widow was on
account of her bear. She had bought the
animal of a stroller who had been taken
elck and shipped to a distant town. It
was a big black bear, full of tricks and
Food nature, and It had taken a great
liking to Harry. When the quarrel
reached a certain stage of bitterness he
had to part with the bear as well as the
widow. The separation had lasted two
years or more when Betty Lee arrived. A
month later tha young man was visiting
the widow, the girl and the bear, and
enjoying each ar.d every occasion. These
visits were unknown to the father, of
course, and he d!d not discover them un
til rumor said that his son was going to
narry Betty, and that the widow Jen
kins bad brousht things about to spite
him.
"Young man. is it so or Is It not?" he
Besides owning a farm of nearly two
hundred acres, situated about half a mile
below Xhe widow Jenkins*. Squire Davis
was the proprietor of tha only windmill
Jor ten miles around and the father of a
eon E2 years old named Herry. The wind
mill was a good thing In Its way, but it
will be blown out of this story at once
and make no reappearance. Tha squire was
a> pompous, aggressive sort of a. man.
who wanted to do all the bossing and
have other people do all the minding,
while the widow was a woman with a
znlnd of her own and didn't propose to be
walked on by anybody. It thus cunt
about that soon after she was left a
widow the and the squire dashed. No
lawsuit followed, but It was a bad thing
for the cattle and pigs that strayed over
the boundary lines, and there was always
eomethins doing to furnish the neighbors
with talk.
(Copyright, 190S. by T. C. MeCIure.)
k f— —^fi J ESDDES owning a farm
lySSjSMJfcrc^ of one hundred acres,
T-Hii^T^si^ th * wi<!oTr j«" kir - s vaa
B '"¦affi*** the Possessor of a one
7^HE^piRY horned cow, a thxee
>$^jj S^ffP ! sheep and a
1"^*^—^S^?^»"' tame bear. All were
ca ¦ ¦ 'SnVsTK curiosities In their
way, but the cow and the cheep have
nothing to do with this Btory. As the
elfleshow men cay, they are thrown in
without extra cost, and It is up to the
bear to entertain the audience.
inously nnd the squire turned pale and
shook In Mr chair.
"You must not talk so loud," cautioned
the widow. "Bumbo has got one of his
savage tits on and I can't hold him.
What's the matter with MIsh Lee that
you don't want Harry to marry her?"
"I don't want him to marry any one
Just now."
"Don't you? Down, Bumbo! Well, as
the two are in love and engaged. I think
they will marry, and you will be very silly
to interfere. Don't move your Kgs or
Bumbo will have them!"
"Why don't you call off your blamed
old bear when you see that he Is ready
to eat me?" shaklngly exclaimed the
squire as the sweat broke out on his
face.
"I can't. He gets these savage fits on
once in a while and there's no doing any-
I thing with him. If he gets his teeth into
i you I don't think we can save you. Have
you anything against Miss Lee?"
; "N-O."
"Don't you think she would make Harry
i a good wife?"
"I told you I didn't want-% By thun
i der, are you going to see me eaten alive!"
: "Bumbo, spare him a little longer!"
• appealed the widow. "Now then. Miss
• Lee comes of a nice family and Is worth
$S0OO, and she and Harry are to be mar
[ ried Thanksgiving day. That is, they
• were to be. but I have concluded, to have
i the ceremony performed this evening.
Squire Davis, you are a justice of the
peace."
"What, me marry 'em!" he shouted; but
the bear started In to hug him and he
almost fainted away in his terror.
"Yes, you will marry them," quietly re
plied the widow after a bit. "It will be a
neat, nice thing to do, and it will be a
good Joke on the people who expect you
to make a fool of yourself. Tnat's one
side of it. The other side Is that the bear
is getting over anxious."
The squire fought against it for a
quarter of an hour, but the widow, the
bear and the . girl, aided by occasional
appeals from Harry, carried tha day, and
he stood ud- with the bear beside him
and welded two souls according to law.
Then the bride was kissed, the bear
chained up, and as the squire nibbled
his doughnut and sipped his glass of
cider h* was man enough to admit that
he guessed «t was all for the best— "gaul
durn that bear."
A WIDOW, A GIRL AND A BEAR
By C. B. Lewis.
'Tor an agtmlzed moment Vane could sea no sight of her and then hsj «pl*d her coming; to the surface."
"Brave, courageous. noVe-hearted. with
a soul as beautiful as her body, a com
rade for a man, to face with him tha
storms of life, a woman tendf r and true,
thought she had a heart! cried the girl.
"This sea has more."
"1 know it now," said Vane, "when
it's too late."
"And you — can you care for her still?''
asked Marjorie after a silence.
"Yes. At kast I care for the Ideal I
thought her."
'What d:d you think -f fcjrT*
That man Wilton was) already t&BamtoM
Margaret Into th* drawing-cooia. Just as)
a vole* behind them said:
"That's th* best fellow In town, Z don't
see why h* and Margaret doo*tr— '•
Th* color rushed over Margaret's f&c*
as she glanced up to sea If ha had haard.
Tba smile In his ayes mad* her look dawn
again Quickly. She walked to th* far and
of the room, beneath the palms where her
sister had stood, and, stooping, picked up
some rose petals that lay scattered at her
feet. She did it all unconsciously. When
she rose Wilton was standing, ever her.
Ha took her hands In his, rose petals «n-1
all, and looked down into her eyea.
"I don't see why w* don't, slthar. Do
you, Margaret?"
Some one had gone to a. piano and th*
strains of tha march from "L* Propheta"
cams to them through th* open doors, a
breeze softly stirred In the palm leaves
above their heads, tha Pink ros* petals
slipped from her fingers In a shower down
over her gown as sh* put her bands up
on Wilton's shoulders and mat his eager.
Questioning look.
"No— I don't," she said rery ioftly.
"Then I cannot continue at all. for
•bird thou never wsrt' won't spply. What
shall I say?" He looked at the tall man
standing near, then Into the eyes of tha
girl brldo.
With thy elaar, k««a Joyaac*
Languor cannot be,
he Quoted, then, improvising, continued:
May shadow of anBoransa
N«ver com* near th— .
He raised his glass and turned toward
the grocm:
Thou wilt love, and n«'tr know love's sad
satiety.
And amid a murmur of applause and
clinking of glasses tha toast was drunk.
Then soma ona. taking up tha thread of
Wilton's thought, began:
What thou art w* know not.
What U most Ilk* thte?
And tha boy who had used the slang
surprised them all by continuing the quo
tation:
"She Is like a glowworm golden.' Oh.
no, no! But. 'like a star of heaven In tha
broad daylight,' or 'a rose embowered In
its own green leaves.' 'All that ever was
Joyous and clear and fresh," or "
"Please," said the bride, appeallngly,
"no more, It is very beautiful, but so em
barrassing. I don't deserve It. I am go
ing to drink to Shelley, who taught you to
say such beautiful things."
"With such a subject." some one be
gan, but Margaret and her sister had
disappeared.
Wilton slipped from tha crowded room
out Into the quiet halls, where he wan
dered up and down, thinking, wondering
how ha had not thought the same thins
before. All these months past how stu
pid ha had been! Yes, he thought it
would do no harm to try his luck. Ah.
no, she never would— she could not love
him— It was too much to expect: she
would look higher and find— but she ha^
chosen him for the little sister, whora
he knew she loved better than life: If she
thought him good enough for her, would
she not be willies; to
The Idea had taken so strong a hold
upon him from the moment ha had looked
down Into her eyes to thank her for her
compliment that now ha wondered how
he could have been blind to it for so long
a tlma. It seemed to him as if ha had
never had any other thought than this,
as If he could never hava any other
thought but Margaret. Ha wondered If—
The carriage was at tha door, tha brida
had her arms about her mother's neck,
the groom, already half way down tha
steps, was Impatiently waiting. A shower
of rice filled the air, a whit* satin slip
per shimmered through th* shower, with
a Quick pull the horses started, and the
man within tha carriage turned from vt>v.
ing a last adieu to th* party on th* bal
cony and put bis arms about th* girl.
"At last I have you saX*, M ha said. **Do
you know Z was always afraid of that
man Wilton?"
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McCIurt.)
c — y m OW that It Is all over
]• t^^V^^j^a I don't mind telling
li* ifi*j(x£- ¦AsF jou that ls th ® clr '
ft] ¦if I that I had chosen for
f\ 1 you t0 marry '"
I w "k/^ *) M Bh * looked up at hlm
f2 hf^(^&^t H over the P" eat bunch
JmwC**^" 1 — *SBggB of pink roses that she
held In her arms, and from under the soft
chiffon of her white hat, and he looked
down at her out of deep-set eyes under
shaggy brows. Then his glance followed
hen down the long distance of the room,
resting on the girl who stood there, be
neath a bower of palms. The cloudy
masses of her white veil were thrown
back from a face of smiles and blushes
as she received congratulations and won.
dered vaguely at the strange sweetness
of It all.
"You— don't— mean— it?" There were
great pauses of Incredulity between Wil
ton's words, and the slow smile that came
Into his eyes was not one of vanity, rath
er of great pleasure In an unexpected
compliment.
"Is she not the girl I have always de
scribed? Tall and slender, big brown eyes
and soft, curling, light-brown hair? You
have been blind all this time not to have
seen whom I meant. I had set my heart on
It somehow," she added sadly. "You both
seem so well suited to each other."
"Why did you not tell me sooner? I
might have set to work— It would have
been hard work, though." He was still
looking at the bride.
"Play the part of matchmaker? And
where my little sister was concerned?
Ah, not I could not tell you. but I did
so want it."
"That Is the greatest compliment you
could have paid me. I really "
He had turned and was looking down
Into her eyes. Suddenly he stopped, as If
a thought had stifled his words, and the
color left his face for one short second.
"Come," she said, as though divining
his thought and wishing to Interrupt it.
"you are to make the first toast. I be
lieve: you must continue your duties as
best man."
She led the way down the long hall, and
together they paused on the threshold of
the dining-room.
"Did you do this?" he asked.
"Yes: do you like it?"
He stood silently drinking In the beauty
of the room, with its filmy draperies of
asparagus fern, amidst the delicate green
of which stood forth tall silver and crys
tal vases, filled with long-stemmed Bride
roses. Here and there low bowls
of. green and gold Bohemian glass war*
half buried beneath the dainty color of
the Duchesse rose, veiled In leaves of
maidenhair. The conventional cake with
Its streamers of narrow, satin ribbon
shimmered white amidst the colors, and
the pink shaded candles threw soft reflec
tions over everything.
It was very beautiful, and he said so
to her. She was very beautiful, as she
moved about in her clinging gown of pal
est green chiffon, straightening a leaf
here or bending a flower there, and his
eyes said bo, although she did not see It.
Then, the next thing he knew, the room
was filled with people, the young bride
was beside him. and some one was hold
ing a glass toward him, saying, "Will
you not toast them?"
He looked at the bride, bowed and be
gan. ,
"Hall to thee. blithe sptritl" thtn
stopped, laughing. "That won't do. You
are not a skylark."
"She's a bird, though," vehemently In
terrupted a boy who had adored the girl
for years.
"You mipht have known she d!dn - t. Van
Alletyne is a richer man tha.n you— in
money. It's wealth and power she wants.
end attention and admiration. Love:
She doesn't know what It means. And you
It was a pu£ty day, and the Dot, tO3
light for euch weather, her lee rail al
most under water. stasRered under the
flaws, every now and then buiyinc her
rose into the rollers and sending a shower
cf epray into the boat. Vane had all he
could do to manace her. and for a tlma
forgot his companion and almost his
gloomy thoughts In the grim pleasure of
his contest with wind ana etorm-iashed
eea. It was Edith Wlnthro;> he was
thinking of— The woman who iia-1 led him
en to love her and then thrown r:m over
for another man. Edith did not care.
Every one must be eacrificed for her
amusement— yes. even this child, her sis
ter. At the thought he glanced at the
girl where the sat poised out to wind
ward, like some spirit of th« pea. her'
hair blowing In the wind, her cheeks
tglow with excitement, her eyes fixed
with a faraway look on the horizon. Vane
had never noticed how pretty she was bo
fore. He had always thought of her as a
mere child — and lo! she was a ¦woman.
What was the thinking of? he wondered.
As if In answer to the question Mar
jorie turned ar.d mot his eyes for an In
stant and then looked away.
"You've heard of Edith's engagement?"
ehe. eaid.
"Yes," answered Vane, setting his
teeth hard, "I only found it out to-day."
"I knew It weeks ago. You thought she
cared for you?"
"Yes."
There was a quaver in the girl's voice
that made Vane look at her. She was
locking out over the yeasty water with
xr.lsty eyes and set mouth.
"All right," said .Vane after a moment's
hesitation. "I'm in a reckless mood. L*t
fate take cere of us. What will be will
be. Jump It-!"'
"What will yctir mother say?"
"She won't care. She only thinks of
Edith. If It was Edith, now. It would
be different, but I'm not such a valuable
cargo. No one will bother about me."
The words sounded rude, but Marjorie
Wir.throp knew from the Intent expres
sion on Vane's face as he gazed out on
the black clouds, the sullen green water
ef the bay ar.d the wind blown white
caj>s that he was freaking more to him
self than to her.
"And If it suits my mood?"
"You with moods, child!" Vane said
wonderlngly. "What can you know of
thoughts black enough to suit such a
Cay. Go back to your dolls or read your
pretty fairy love stories— and believe in
their truth as long as you can," he added
bitterly.
"You thir.k because I'm only 17 I'm not
to feel «r.d think."
"Thir.k only of pleasant things."
"But If the dcy suits me It is pleasant
Please take me."
Z^LtZg&dZr**^ answer my Question"
*rrtl rvifcTl 8f'' on 't l" ou take mt
*»(<f/£c_Xj \i wJtn you?"
ifeagCXES^ii ¦ Clifford Vane turned
Iftf^T^" ""I %i' with surprise as he
' r^yyST-j. j*L lhe volce - A Clrl
""*""* with deep brown eyes
and hair In Which there was a glint of
gold vai etanfi!r.g beside the boat! her
eklrts blown cut against her slender fig
ure. The fluttering sail had made so
much noise that Vane had not heard the
f^rl before. He frowned unconsciously,
for he was In no humor for company.
"It's too rough to-day. There's a
ratty sea running and you'll get wet
through," he answered.
"As if I cared for that! And if it's so
rough why do you venture out?"
"Because I want to. B««*use It suits
By mood."
(Ccpyrl£ht. 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
BENT you going tc
LITTLE
SYSTER
to fight for and dare for. I would have
tried to give her everything she wanted.
No man can love her as I do— and
now—" Vane laughed bitterly as an end-
Ing to his sentence.
"Why did you corns out to-day in this
gale?" said Marjorie. "Is your life so
worthless to you that you would risk It
because a thoughtless woman has wound
ed you?"
"My life! What does It matter? I
don't care."
"I thought you didn't," returned the
girl, gravely. "I knew you didn't. That's
why I came. I couldn't let you come
ilone."
"And you came because you thought—"
"You would be reckless? Yes."
"And you were not afraid?"
"No— why should I be? I knew you
would take care of me— If not of your
self." The girl smiled at him confidently.
"I am perfectly safe with you," she
added. r "V v
So Marjorie had risked her life for him,
so that in his desperate humor he should
not go alone. But how came she. a mere
child, to understand. She. at least, had a
heart to make some man happy. And
here he was putting her life at the mercy
of the sea to gratify his selfish mood of
bitterness. Well, he must get her home
at once— then— Vane thought h* did not
much care what happened afterward.
It was blowing harder as Vane came
about and slacked the sheet for the run
to the far distant boathouse and the hotel
on the hill. They were going before the
wind now, the boat rolling dangerously
In the clutch of the sea. the waves behind
following the hungry Jaws and threaten
ing every moment to engulf them.
With braced body and strained muscles,
•very sense alert. Vane gripped the tiller,
striving to hold the boat against the
swirling buffets of the waves, his one
thought to get her safe to land. Every
moment the wind increased, every mo
ment the bay became more tumultuous.
Would they make it? he wondered.
They were nearly opposite the boathouse
In those days afterward, while Marjorie
hovered between life and death, Clifford
Vane learned how much he could do for
this girl, this girl he thought was a child,
and now knew to bo the woman In all
the world for him. Gone was his love for
Edith Wlnthrop. He knew now that he
had In her sister all that Edith had
seemed and more. And there came a
day when he was permitted to see her.
He found her on an upper piazza of th«
hotel clad In a soft blue wrapper, her soft
hair loose on her shoulders, and the smile
her pale face held for him gave him hop*
that In saving her ha had found happi
ness.
when there came a sudden whirl of wind
from between the hills ahead. Vans had
but time to cry a warning when the sail
Jibed. the boom came swinging over with
an angry snarl, the boat was flung upon
her beam ends, and the next moment hs
found himself 'entangled In cordage and
battling for his life beneath the waves.
With desperate fingers he cleared himself
and came to the surface. And Marjorte—
where was she? Good God; had she been
struck by the boom and made unconscious
or killed, or had she, too. been carried
down by the sinking boat.
For an agonized moment Vane could
see no sign of her, and then he spied her
Just coming to the surface. 8he was go
ing down again when he caught her and
started for the shore. It was a long swim,
against a tide that teemed to drag him
down, as If with clutching hands, but
"Vane swore he would save this girl who
had risked her life for him or lose his
own. He could see people running to the
boathouse now and getting out the boat.
How slow they were! "Would they never
come? His muscles were giving out. h!<i
breath came heavily, his limbs fait Ilka
lead. Could he hold out? They wer*
wearing fast now. He tried to revive h!s
falling strength, to overmaster his weak
ness the world grew black about him—
and then a strong arm gripped his shoul
der and h« and Marjorie were lifted Into
the boat and rowed toward ithore.
THE SUNDAY OALti.
HER CHOICE
4the kind of thing that people say about
a man when they are trying to find an
excuse for his existence. What people
thought about him, however, never
seemed to make John lose any sleep at
night and while Percy was permeating
the giddy social whirl he was sitting up
with his business and carefully nursing
the balance on the credit side of the
ledger.
In the course of time John married and
settled down in the shade of his own vine
and fig tree, not to mention a comfortable
account at the bank which Percy honored
with his presence about as often as once
in a while . It happened that about this
time it occurred to the aforenamed gentle
man that he was not drawing the stipend
out of the financial institution that his
elegant manners and exalted social posi
tion entitled him to and on the supposi
tion that the matter had been overlooked
by the president he decided to appropriate
a portion of the surplus of the house to
his own use. All went merry as a dinner
bell for a few weeks under the new ar
rangement Percy broke out in new
clothes that made the rainbow look like
an. impressionists study of the Milky
Way on a cloudy night and cabs and
American beauties of both varieties and
little suppers after the theater gladdened
his waking hours dally.
At this stage of the game the gentle
man with the mutton-chop whiskers who
presided over - the destinies ' of . Percy's
bank concluded that the young gentleman
was bitting a pretty lively pace for a pay-
y_j> k -? N some unaccountable
i Tkirf^SBT? 3 -^"^H manner the Idea has
1 *SMG» Ml kS^U > a been epread abroad
i th£lt tho lncvltabl ° "¦
'^^H^sl'I * ard of vlrtue ls hap "
0- }C^^^\$J^i% plness and money In
i^i3=§^M^li th< * bank » while the lot
of tho wicked la aa In
evitably sorrow and a cold handout
at the back door. No one seems to
know who manufactured this theory
and placed it on the market, but
every one believes In It just as
firmly as he believes that all men
named Jim are honest and with about as
much reason. Of course. It will be ad
mitted that there must be some color of
truth to an Idea that ls so firmly held
by the major portion of the human race.
Other things being equal. It ls usually
the man who stays out late at night who
has the headache the next morning and
the absent-minded Individuals whose
moral astigmatism prevents them from
distinguishing- between their own pockets
and those worn by other people are sel
dom allowed to decline an Invitation from
the State for a brief sojourn In the In*
stltutlon for the Suppression of Unneces
sary Night Work. These facts are ad
mitted to be more or leas true: but the
point that we desire to make. If we can
find a place to put It. ls to the effect that
It ls not always virtue that lands Inside
the money at the finish, while vice ls left
kicking at the post
A Ion? and careful study of the ways of
the wicked world inclines us to the belief
that the dictum of the alleged poet on the
subject of the exceeding slnf ulness and
unattractlveness of sin should be chanced
That this statement is a true one may
be seen from a brief observation of the
case of Percy and John. Percy and John
were brothers, but otherwise unrelated.
Percy had been given that label because
It was seen from the start that he was
cast for the Percy part. As a looker he
had Apollo outside the ropes in the first
round and his clothes were sartorial son
nets. His manner -was a combination of
Beau Brummel and an experienced floor
walker, and when it came to turning out
conversation he could give a college pro
fessor the under hold and put him on the
mat two times out of three. All the
women thought he was Just too sweet
for anything, and they were about right.
In fact, Percy was the original male Gib
son girl. When he was not occupied with
his real business of life, which was to
spread Joy and gladness among the mem
bers of the opposite sex, . Percy dallied
with the ledger In a banking house and
meditated new and striking designs In
neckties.
John, on the other hand, would never
have been picked by any one not familiar
with the situation - for Percy's brother.
He was about as attractive in get up and
general appearance as a pair of care-worn
shoes and his clothes fitted him as though
he had been blown Into them by a cyclone.
The best that any one could say for him
was that he was honest and Industrious
and evidently meant well. When that sort
of a verdict Is sent In it Is a safe bet that
the miserable wretch, who receives it is
about as popular as a Tax Collector. It's
to something like the following:
Pin Is a creature ef auch charming 1 mien
That to approve It needs but to bo ieen;
And seen enough and In the proper place.
A goodly profit comes from Its embrace.
Ing teller on 120 a week and be proceeded
to Investigate the situation. As a result
of his heartless proceeding he discovered
that the bank was contributing to Percy's
support at a rate not contemplated in the
original arrangement. As a rule Percy was
not aware of John's existence more than
two or three times In the year, but when
he heard that It was up to him* to make
good or look up the time of the first train
to Montreal he fairly burned holes in the
soles of his shoes getting " over to the
place where his brother did dally battle
with the world to get the wherewithal to
pay his taxes and buy shoes for the baby.
According to the theory of strict Justice
John should have reminded Jrtm that every
tub must stand on Its own bottom, even
If the bottom may happen to get kicked
out, and then have passed him up with an
interesting tract pointing out to him that
the wages of sin is death— or stripes,
but we regret to state that John did noth
ing of the sort Being a simple minded
and unlettered gentleman he had probably
never heard of those fundamental busi
ness truths. Instead he put on his hat
and went back with Percy to J inform the
cold-blooded president that he was pre
pared to do the good Samaritan act to the
best of his ability. Then he extracted his
poor little balance from the bank and
passed it over that it might be known of
all men how Innocent and unlearned In
the ; ways of the Justice-loving world he
was..-' ¦ ¦ •
•In the meantime the greater part of the
feminine population of the town, had
waited on his mutton-chops and assured
him that to put a handsome young gentle
man ¦ of Percy's complexion into a suit
of stripes would be so grave a breach of
(Copyright, 1903, by Albert Brltt)
- Percy Is now the cashier of the bank
and his friends have him slated for the
presidency as soon as the gentleman with
the mutton-chops now holding that posi
tion has the decency to cash his last
check. Meanwhile. John puts In his leis
ure time shoring up the mortgage that
rests upon his vineclad pottage and push-
Ing collectors off the front porch. As he
turns over the leaves of his erstwhile
bankbook he sadly ponders the profound
wisdom of the proverb that the way of
the transgressor is hard-»-on the trans
gressor's relatives.
the law* of esthetic harmony as to
threaten the very foundations of society.
They also assured him that a nice man
who could adorn a dress suit as could
Percy should be granted a perpetual im
munity from the operations of the vulgar
minions of the law. The president, being
particularly solicitous of the foundations
of society and knowing; how hard dress
suits were to suit, fell on Percy's neck
and told him in trembling accents that he
was proud to know that he was once more
square with the world and that if he
would give him his sacred word of honor
as a man and a banker that be would
never steal again in that unofficial manner
he would make him assistant cashier so
that he would be beyond the reach of
temptation. All tho women said that It
was perfectly lovely oi Percy to be so
good and forgiving when every one knew
that he could Just as easily have carried
off the furniture of their old bank while
he was about It. As for John, they all
knew that he was nothing but Percy's
brother anyway, and it served him right
for wearing such old clothes and looking
like a scarecrow on a vacation.
Fable for the
Foolish. '
THE WAY OF THE, TRANSGRESSOR—
-BY NICHOLAS NEMO
Mrs. Railston's horrified gize removed
Itself from Sylvia's face to me and de
manded my meaning.
"She can always, as a last resource, be
come engaged to me," I continued hardily.
"Of course, I am a very bad match for
her. but we are very much attached to
each other— as you see — and—"
"And It's the least I can do after break
ing his tea service." said Sylvia, taking
my arm.
"Sylvia," I said, taking her bands in
mine, "your mother tofa me you were en
gaged to him."
"And you believed It and wrote xne
this— this unpardonable letter. I cam* to
tell you that I am not tngagsd to any
one — and that I never shall be."
"Not even to me?" I pleaded.
"You deserve the 'worst punishment you
could possibly have," she said with a hist
of relenting In her volca. At this mo
ment we heard a carriage drive vp to my
door and a moment later we recognized
my aunt's inquiry.
"Gerald," gasped Sylvia, "It's mother!
Hide me, for goodness sake.**
There was only one hiding place In the
room, a cupboard disguised by the name
of pantry. As I closed the door on her
Mrs. Rallton knocked and entered. I
saw her glance wander round the room
as she said blandly: "So glad you axe in.
my dear Gerald. Have you seen Sylvia
this afternoon?"
"Sylvia!" I exclaimed in amazed tones.
"I managed to lose sight of her Just now
in Fifth avenue, and It occurred to me
that perhaps she had met some one she
knew, possibly yourself. But If you have
been in all the afternoon of course my
surmise is Incorrect. She has probably
gone home. Will yoq tee mo down to
the carriage? What charming chambers!"
Sho raised her eyeglasses. "What Is this?
A letter addressed to Sylvia? Shall I take
it to her?" She was about to pick It op
when there was a terrific crash and a
faint scream, unmistakably in Sylvia's
voice. "Sylvia!" she exclaimed In ma
jestic accents, as Sylvia emerged, dis
closing a vista of broken crockery.
"I am sorry, aunt." I said gravely,
"that Sylvia should be found In such a
compromising situation, but, after all,
there is a very good way out of It."
"Indeed!" she bowed haughtily. "You
know more of my affairs than I do my
self."
"How dare you mention him to ma?"
she flamed out; "It is the worst taste on
your part. If I had refused you and ac
cepted him "
"That Is exactly what you have done."
I interposed.
•without & chaperon?"
She sprang to her feet, her eyee flash
ing and her cheeks flushing, in a manner
that I could not help confessing was emi
nently becoming to her.
"Do you think I care about stupid con
ventionalities," she said, "when It la a
question of justice between you and me?
Do you imagine I am going to remain
at a decorous distance from you when
my happiness la at stake, do you? "
But I interrupted her.
"It ia not so much a question of what
I think or Imagine as It is of what Mr.
Fitzgerald "
By T. W. McKail.
CAUGHT IN A COMPROMISING SITUATION
"You quite spoiled most of my part,
and you made my poor little sister Belle
more miserable than I can tell you."
The next night he called upon her to
make his peace, and found John Moore in
the parlor ahead of him.
"Oh, I have quite forgiven you."
laughed Jessie, "but Belle has avowed
vengeance against you, nnd If you are
•wise you will go out yonder on the porch
end pacify her. You used to be quite a
fcf-ro In her eyes."
So Dlckty left John with Jessie, and
went miserably out to where Belle, aged
16, 6wung in a hammock and pouted.
He bad known and petted ber In days
cone by and he thought soon to smooth
her ruffled plumage. Instead he found
her obdurate and full of reproaches.
However, he must pacify Jessie's sister.
Bo Dickey spent the evening by the ham
mock. Tho next time he came it was the
tame, John sat •with Jessie and he was
banished to the porch and Belle. That
young lady had framed an elaborate pro
gramme of reparation for the humiliation
to which she had been subjected. He
AfUr that a permanent return to pom
pous tragedy was Impossible, even John
Uocre's Imposing voles and Jessie Lane's
well stimulated tears failed to keep the
spectators In awe. Dickey's stockir.es
ver* the "stars of the g-oodlle coxnpanle,"
and every time be appeared he was
greeted with shoots and applause. Though
the delighted audience went out Into the
right regretting no penny spent for tick
et*, behind the scenes Dickey had the
whole troupe about bis ears. But the
only criticism that hurt him was Jessie
Lane's. "With Jessie he bad long believed
hlmeelf In love, and It hurt when she
•aid:
"And neither Is ths stockings his, for
they've rot ray sister Belle's name on
•em!"
. ISS DELANEY. who
Mhad been to Wash
ington and eeen
several t h eatrlcal
"stars." might tilt
her nose as she
pleased, but the fact
{,,— »,„ „ i, remained that the
entertainment given by the "Smithville
Thespians" was a success. Miss De
laney said the performance wm lacking
in "artistic finish": but Bmlthvllle went
end paid Its money without regret and
laughed as it had not laughed in years.
True, the Intention of the Thespians was
not to make people laugh, for in their
¦elf-adulation they had essayed a trag
edy. But from tragedy to comedy was
aa eeiy step with Dickey Holt in the
cast. Something was always sure to hap
pen to Dickey.
That which befell him this particular
Eight seemed trivial in its nature, but
¦was far reaching in its consequences. He
? clu forgot that afternoon to purchase
a pair ef long hose to wear with the
knee breeches of the colonial costume In
trblca h» was to enact the heavy villain,
end at the last moment bribed the mala
from the girls' dressing-room to surrep
titiously borrow a pair for him. These
h« donned so hurriedly that he failed to
notice the owner's name worked In bright
.f2k Just below the knee. But there were
opera glasses In the bouse, and eoon the
cufiience knew what he did not. The
applause accorded him was as unexpected
out it was gratifying, and he looked com
pamdoaately at John Moore, the 'leading
can," who thought to reap ail the hon
ers. But In ths most thrilling seen* of
the second act where his villainy was
denounced, there came an awful moment.
••you are a penniless impostor," Btorm
*d John, giving the lines as they were.
'•Why, the very «hoes In which you stand
•ve not your own!"
And then before Dickey could make his
grandiloquently »eornful reply, a email
boy la the front row rose and cried ex
citedly:
(Copyright, 1303. by T. C. McClure.)
"Perhaps," I said, trying to speak non
chalantly, "but at any rate I do not mean
to congratulate Sylvia on her engagement
to an old man with dyed hair and false
teeth. If it had been a young man it
would have been different. I don't be
lieve sho cares for him any more than
she cares for — the man In the moon."
My tirade fizzled out rather Ineffective
ly, but I was feeling genuinely savage,
and the necessity of keeping up a calm
I held my peace, and after studying my
countenance carefully for a few moments
Mrs. Railton continued: "I have told you
this because I have thought— although,
of course, I may be mistaken — that your
affection for Sylvia has been becoming a
little more than cousinly. I should be
sorry if "
"My dear aunt," I broke in impetuous
ly, "what is the use of your trying to
blink facts? You know quite well that I
have been making desperate love to Syl
via ever since she was 10 years old."
"A mere boy and girl flirtation," said
Mrs. Rallton.
exterior before my aunt oppressed me.
I wanted to go out and hit somebody.
I went home and wrote Sylvia a furious
ly sarcastic letter of congratulation.
About two hours later I lit a cigarette,
mixed myself a whisky and soda and
lounged in an easy chair before the open
window. The sound of a cab approach
ing rapidly aroused me. Looking out of
my window, I saw that It contained Syl
via. As she stepped out of the cab at
my door, Iookins more bewitching even
than usual, I noticed that she carried a
letter In her hand.
Thus forewarned I answered her hur
ried knock at the door with a matter
of-fact "Come in." and evinced none of
the surprise she evidently expected me to
feel at her appearance.
"You are perfectly horrid," she began.
"Why?" I asked innocently.
"To write me a letter like this." hold-
Ing out the offending document.
"Is It not a little Indiscreet of you."
I went on, realizing my advantage, "to
come here alone, to a bachelor's rooms,
"My dear Gerald," remonstrated Mre.
Rallton in her most bland tone, "how can
you say such things? Mr. Fitzgerald is
quite a young man 'still, and by many
people he Is considered extremely hand
ncme. Pray don't put such notions into
Sylvia's head."
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McClure.)
AM sure," said Mrs.
/^/•^'*i®W? / / Koilton, fixing me with
C fc"' Plak i her cag:le Slance, before
\_ K K3» &V^ which even Bishops
t i**j at have been known to
r /j^kV quail, "I am sure you
win like t0 be the flrst
"*"* *"""'—¦ to congratulate Sylvia
on her engagement to Mr. Oswald Fitz
gerald." .
"But Mr. Fitzgerald," I began
"la suitable in every way," continued
Mrs! Rallton, heedless of my attempted
remark. "He is Just the man to make
S>lvia a capital husband."
"He has, I am aware, $30,000 a year," I
Faid bitterly, "but he is old enough to be
her father."
must bring her bonbons and flowers and
sing to her in the summer moonlight to
his mandolin. Dickey undertook these
things In a spirit of penitence and mar
tyrdom. Night after night he sat on the
porch and strove to be amiab'.e while
mentally he was fuming against John.
He sometimes wondered why nice girls
like Jessie had to have small sisters.
During the Becond week of hia en
forced reparation he made a discovery.
Belle had lengthened her dresses and
twisted her braids into a knot on top of
her small head, and with these personal
changes there had come also a touch of
coquetry to her manner that made her a
most delightful companion. He found he
was fretting less over John's advantages,
but now and then the old Jealous thoughts
would come.
"Are you not almost placated?" he
asked laughingly one night.
Belle answered with spirit, "Do you
think six boxes of choco'.ates and three
bouquets would atone for all that laugh
ter in the dress circle and those catcalls
from the gallery? No. indeed."
Dickey acknowledged that she was
right, and went on playing the agreeable.
And as he was as much phi'osopher as
martyr he set himself to get all the pleas
ure possible out of his new role. It was
really surprising how quickly time passed
in Belle's presence. Ab she swung in the
hammock with her lengthened skirts frou
frouing about her she made him tell her
all about his hopes In his profession and
never doubted but that he would achieve
his ambitions. Sometimes she talked of
Jessie and wished, with a languishing
glance Into Dickey's eyes, that she were
like her sister, "it would be so lovely to
have a man like Dickey in love with her."
He looking close to find the coveted like
ness, discovered she was very much more
beautiful than Jessie, and wondered that
he had never known It before.
After six weeks of this sort of thing
Belle sighed prettily and said she sup
posed he had spent quite enough time
and money on her to salve her hurt, and
that he had better resume his attentions
to Jessie. Of course, she would miss him,
she added with drooping lips, but she
trusted she was no usurer to claim more
than her debt Dickey went away with
an odd sense of something lost tugging
at Ills heart. The next evening he came,
intending to go into the parlor and begin
his rivalry with John; tut somehow the
lonely little figure in the hammock drew
him aside and he spent the evening as
he spent the preceding ones, In the moon
light. ; . .
"Good-by," he said Jit parting, "to
morrow I really must break Into John's
game and recover my lost ground."
She sighed and then laughed so quickly
that Dickey could scarcely separate the
two. He stood confused for a moment,
and when he recovered himself he found
that he raa still holding her hand, that
she was watching him shyly. He went
away with his brain in a whirl; in h!s
efforts to soothe her feelings had he made
the child love him? Far into the night he
pat smoking and thinking, and in the
morning the queer feeling was still in his
breast, and RlacUstone lay open but un
read before him all day. In the afternoon
as he left his office there was a commo
tion at the nearest street corner and a
runaway horse daEhed into view, drag
ging a dogcart In which sat two girls—
Jessie and Belle. The quick turn about
the corner sent the cart careening on one
wheel, and almost as Dickey recognized
the occupants they were spilled In the
dust. With a cry Dickey rushed forward,
and, passing one prostrate form, caught
the other In his arm with words of solicit
ous endearment. But the figure drew
resolutely away.
"This is not Jessie— thl3 is "
But Dickey only held her the closer.
"Not Jessie, but the girl I love, the only
girl I ever really loved!. Let John take
cere of Jessie. Are you hurt, dear?"
There was a contented sigh against his
shoulder, "I haven't any pain now, not
even in my heart, which has often acheJ
at your indifference."
"John and Jessie are to be married in
the winter," she told him later.
"I'm glad of it; we'll dance at thefr
wedding" he laughed, "but. dear, I'm only
a poor young lawyer, nnd "
"And I'm ages too young- to marry, sr»
I'll wait a whole year for you, and If you
give up smoking and send me only one
box of chocolates a week you can save
no end of money."
And so it was arranged, and when Mies
Delaney next spoke of the lack of artistic
finish to that theatrical performance
Dickey stoutly declared the "finish was
the finest on earth," and held to his point.
By &. B. Kennedy f
DICKEY'S ATONEMENT
not last long, for Alexandrovltch was
there. He sprang into the midst and
struck out right and left.
"So, so, Borcski!" he cried to one of
the men, "it is you who are the dastard.
That for you. Boroski. And that for you,
jViogolovitch."
"In a corner a silent struggle —a
atruggl© to the death—was being
fought."
These two men were men that Alex
androvltch knew as well as he knew his
brother, but it was all one now. I For
there was murder In the heart of Alex
androvltch. even as there had been mur
der In the heart of the two men—for Alex
androvitch was fighting for something
more than his own life: and be was a
maniac for the instant, a wild beast. Fin
ally he drew his hand acre his brow
and turned to Anna Saratovsky. Then
he stepped back and opened a rear door.
"Anna Saratovsky," he said, "thy
father and thy mother aru beyond all aid,
none can help them now. We must even
leave thtm where they are—the Holy
Mother will protect them. Come thou
with me, Anna Saratovsky." He did
not give her time to hesitate. H» caught
her in his anna and forced her through
the open door.
"Fly, Anna Saratovsky," ha whispered
in her ear, "fly. for 'the Cyteg dea.th
comes after us."
It was & wild flight, that night of the
dread massacre. But at last the two had
left pursuit behind. As the day began to
break Alexandrovltch reached forth his
arm- and lifted from the ground the form.
of the fainting girl. Then with hia pre
cious burden he struck across the coun
try. He reached a small, secluded and
deserted stable. With the girl still in
his arms he entered. They crouched there
In a corner. Suddenly the girl burst ln*o
hysterical weeping. "My father and my
mother!" she exclaimed, "my father and
my mother."
Alexandrovitch comforted her. There
was a long silence between them. Sud
denly Alexandrovltch bent down his
head. "Little one." he whispered, "thou
art alone In this wide world. Thou didst
save ma once from death. My life be
longs to you, and yours to me. Let us
go through life together, little one. To
day our faith Is one— our creed la love."
Anna Saratovsky clung to him. "Whith
er thou goest," she whispered, "I will go;
where thou lodgest I will lodge; thy peo
ple shall be my people; thy God my God."
family had gone to market at a nearby
village— there they would stay until the
storm had spent Its force. Anna Saratov
eky peered out at the dark spot in the
snow. Obeying a sudden impulse she rose
and ventured to the door. Then she re- i
turned.
"It is noth'rg," she assured herself.
"It is not a man. I am seeing sights
it Is the storm." Again she peered out.
"It is— It Is a man," she exclaimed to her
self; "a man who will surely freeze to
death."
She gathered her rug elope about her.
Then with sudden energy she threw open
the little door and staggered, buffeted by
the storm, across the space of twelve
feet. It might just as well have been
twelve yards. The storm, which had de
signs upon Alexandrovitch, prevented her
from reaching him. But only for a time.
Making an extra effort she cast off the
rug that hampered her and then, with a
sudden leap, she plunged forward and
fell prone upon the dark object by the
roadside. The object stirred.
"He Is alive!" exclaimed Anna Sara
tovsky, "alive, and I must save him."
The next few moments made a woman
out of a mere girl— the work of those few
moments was the work of a lifetime. But
she did It. Fifteen minutes later Anna
Saratovsky was rubbing with snow the
hands and face and feet of a strong
young man, who was fair to look upon,
and all the fairer because he was In the
valley of the shadow of death. At last
she was rewarded. Alexandrovltch slow
ly oDened his eyes and looked into the
face of the beautiful young girl. "You
are one of the angels up In heaven," he
murmured.
She shook her head. "I am Anna Sar
atovEky," she answered.
And all this was some years ago.
In Anna Saratovsky's village Alexan»
drovitch lived and moved and had hl|
being. He was a Russian and she was a
Jewess, but to him she was one. of the
angels up in heaven.
It was early summer In the village.
One night without a sound 200 men stole
Suddenly all this was changed. In place
cf the cold, a drowsy warm'li spread
over him. He thought that he was lylnj
¦wrapped in furs before ttoma great !og
fire. Red flames danced before his eyes.
Alexandrovitch thought that he danced,
and laughed aloud, he felt so comfort
able. Uut he did not. He was simply
Btagperlr.g through the deep snow. h!s
head lolling from side to side and his
dark eyes staring at vacancy. Finally he
pitched headforemost.
"Ah," muttered AlexandrovUch to him
self pleasantly, "this is Indeed a be.J of
down. Now shall I sleep, and Bleep and
eleep."
And Alexandrovlteh slept. And the bliz
zard roared about him. It was a strange
thing that but twelve feet to the right
of Alexandrovitch there was a email cot
tage, almost covered with the snow. In
eide was a young giri — the daughter of
Abram Saratoveky. Baratovskv was a
Jew— a Russian Jew. There was but one
window to this eottajre. and In this win
dow sat the young girl closely wrapped
up In a rug. for the cold entered and the
snow drifted In through the pan? of glass.
Bhe was peering out, watching the storm.
Now the snow dashed against the house
and blinded her— then, with a sudden gust
It would blow away and open up' a wide
vista outdoors. During one of tho*e swirls
th« girl caught a glimpse of something
dark that lay prone upon a bed of snow.
£h* shuddered. This girl was alone. The
fT~? r7r,7 LEXANDR OVITCH
ly-^G^^lO^ * wa3 a Inan Tr * t * 1 a
Sl^fTXW'Jr'; ' memory— a memory of
[^\£fl^wj&^ death. Alexandrovltch
vas etlll young, almost
r-^^^jwcf « I a b °y« but h ° Tras
' i.'iH^JLI^L * your -£ cr t5ie n. when he
walked part way with her hand in hand.
It Tras summer now. but then It had
been winter. Alexandrovltch, for the
nonce cast out of pood employment, had
started In on ShanUowitch's mare to
trudg© from one village to another.
He did not make a fine apoaarance al
together. His clothes were thin, and he
bad tied his hands and feet In burlaps—
burlaps picked uj> In the gutter— and he
had started off. Remember, this had been
eome years eso. He had started out,
bending his muscular bocy to the gaie,
pressing on in the teoth of the wind.
He had started out— that was all. He
remembered but little else. For he wa*
but one-third of the way out of Nodolosk
when the bUzzard struck him. But on
he went, running briskly to keep the blo^d
warm in his limbs and following the road
bs best he could. And then there had
come a time when he felt his very soul
freeze within him. He cried aloud In
agony. Hut he pressed on.
(Copyright, 1303. by T. C. McClure.j
ALEX ANDROVITCH
¦aenTrofn his noiiae and met under cover
!>t the darkness In the market- piece Sud
denly a mighty shout went up from them.
•The Jews! The Jews!" they cried.
"Death to the Jews!" That was the be- t
finning. After that, battle, murder, sud
flen death, blood and fire, fire and blood.
The men were Russians. Their neighbors
were the Jews. Each man turned upon
his neighbor. Each man armed himself
and struck and struck, and «truck, to
kill. They entered home after home,
flragging the Innocents Into the streets
and slaughtering them like cattle. Alex
androvltch was a Russian. He, too, sought
a house. He was almost too late. The
people, of the name of Suratovsky, lay
weltering In blood. They lay • there at
their doorpost, where Alexandrovitch had
lain so many months before. 'Alexandro
vltch looked upon them. His heart bled
;ith pity. ;v:v
"If one could only have foreseen all
this, ne cried. "It I coma nav* but
known." He shuddered, not with f ear,
but with dread. H» heard footstep* In th«
house.
"Anna— Anna Saratoviky!" he cried In
a low voice. He heard an Inarticulate
sound. Alexandrovltch strode over the
dead. He sought the living. He peered
Into the house. In a corner a silent strug
gle—a struggle to the; death— was being
fought It was a young girl, Anna Sara
tovsky, gauged, but with free hands that
Bhe had torn clear of their bonds, fight
ing for dear life against two men. It did
THE SUN DA* CALL.
5Ahl question self, and who can tell.
Could you have filled my place as well? f
Life's troublous ebbs and tides have braved—
Though yearning for tome love you craved—
So whisper prayers above my head—
And judge me kindly— when I'm dead.
KATE THYSON MARR.
We'd pause as tragic lines were read
In admiration of the dead.
Ahl could we of another's life
Its record find of dangers rife—
Of disappointments, sobs and tears.
Temptations, doubts and loves and fears— »
If I have failed! Ah. then forget
The Htterness of vain <egret —
Let it for me atonement plead —
Forget the thoughtless word or Aecd,
And breathe a prayer for me instead
As you look on me when I'm dead.
Ahl lay not flowers, white and sweet.
In rich profusion at my feet.
But bring some memories with yon there
That link my name with scenes once dear—
And beg a blessing o'er my head,
As you look on me when I'm dead.
I do not ask the mourner's tear
Of those who pass around my bierj
I do not ask the tragic grief
In tears alone that find relief;
But bending o'er my narrow bed.
Speak kindly of me when I'm dead.
\ Head to escort hex trotmd the garden. Think of a garden
party and only one man around.
* * •"? : '.
If ¦ woman is too clever men think her a prig. If the ii
not at all so, they think her a fool.
-';'•.->¦<••"¦;• ? v
A practical joke U an insult in disguise.
A man who boasts of his morality needs watching.
* • *
AH the world loves a lover except the girl he is chasing.
1 \ ¦¦",• '¦::' ? ¦ ? .
1 Love is often a poor-paying hot air investment.
* • ?
What sort of prices would matrimonial misfits bring
at a bargain sale?
* • •
It does not take a fifty-mile gale to blow in a fifty-dollar
dinner.
\ * * *
The goose who wul pick a quarrel with the gander is surt
> to have her feathers plucked.
! Time is money when a fellow's watch is in soak,
m * m
Memory is both the hope and despair of life.
* • •
The first lesson some drummers -learn is the "Rogue*!
' March."
\ • • •
I A high moral tone may have at time* an awful twang.
\ '¦ ? • •
k WHEN I AM DEAD.
/<7OU have to hit some people in the head
' \5^Ly/ U "' J an ax to knock an idea out.
?jv • * *
There is a tide in the affairs of many
TSsfi Eh W men. and women, too, for that matter,
l^£&&J5MzP?^iJ that lcads to matrimony and switches off
EJJW3HiMJJ3gg?faPO al alimory.
Some people arc always looking at their mends through
a microscope that they may find the flaws.
* * *
Now comes the halcyon days when married ladies flit to
the mountain and seashore, while "hubby stays home alone
and dreams he is a bachelor once more and is happy.
* * *
The world puts its heels on the neck that bows down and
crawls.
* * *
When a man once leses his pride he never finds anything
in life to compensate.
* * *
When people persist in being blind they arc sometimes
¦awakened by a thunderbolt.
» * *
When a man who boasts of keeping on the narrow path
happens to stump his toes he G=ts an awful bump.
* * *
The grass widow will soon have a chance to harvest her
crop of hay (seeds).
* * *
A lifeless life th2t carries a dead heart is often one of
noblest sacrifice.
* ? •
Religious fervor that comes as the reaction after every
vice has brought satiety has more of fear than zeal in its
composition.
* • *
If women were perfect men would hate them.
* * *
If you will fall in love don't squeal over a few bruises.
* » *
Love is friendship that has warmed up to the sizzling
point.
* * *
Success is when a woman thinks she's the best dressed
woman in her set. Sometimes it might amount to down
right happiness.
* * *
; When we hear some woman talk we wonder how a man
can endure the torture without being chloroformed.
* * •
A tt-omsn enToys all the rights coming to her when she
has reduced hubby to a state where he is afraid to "sass"
her baric
A woman's club may be anything from a high-toned '
<lress-up affair to an ordinary rolling pin onslaught. ,
* • •
It's nonsense to say that we cannot forget. A widow '
can forget two or three pasts if a golden future looms
in sight. 1
* * •
A man has feasted on the dregs of bitterness when he
has to stay at home and look pleasant when his wife enter
tains her club friends. If any should sing or recite, we
know that the mercy of Heaven has gone astray, as there
are no societies preventing the torture of meek and suffer
ing husbands.
* • «
The woman with a mission goes through life like a plow
share with a megaphone attachment.
• » •
Eve must have been real lonesome when Adam had no best
From "Letters From a Belf-Made Merchant to Hla Bon," by Otorit Horac«
'Lortmer. By permission of Small, Maynard & Co., Publishers, Boston, Mass.
"N. B. — Too swift for your uncle."
Hank dropped by my office for a minute. on his way to 'Frisco.
'Said he liked things lively, but there was altogether too much rough
'house on Beacon Hill for him. Judged that as the crowd which wasn't
.invited was so blamed sociable, the one which was invited would
have stayed for a week if it hadn't slipped up on the date. That might
be the Boston idea, but he wanted a little more refinement in his.
Said he was a pretty free spender and would hold his end up, but he
hated a hog. Of course I told Hank that Boston wasn't all that it
was cracked up to be in the school histories, and that Circle City was
not so tough as it read in the newspapers, for there was no way of
making him understand that he might have lived in Boston for a
hundred years without being invited to a strawberry sociable. Be
cause a fellow cuts ice on the Arctic Circle it: doesn't follow that he's
going to be worth beans on the Back Bay.
"HANK SMITH.
While this was going on the Mayflower descendant was telephon
ing for the police from one side and the Signer's great-grandson from
the other, and just as tr-e crowd yelled and broke for the house two
patrol wagons full of policemen got there. But they had to turn in
s riot call and bring out the reserves before they could break up
Hank's little Boston tea-party.
After all Hank did what he started out to do with his party —
rounded up all his neighbors in a bunch, though not exactly according
to schedule. For next morning there were so many descendants and
grent-graiidsons in the police court to prefer charges that it looked
like a reunion of the Pilgrim Fathers. The Judge fined Hanks on
sixteen counts and bound him over to keep the peace for a hundred
years. That afternoon he left for the West on a special, because the
limited didn't get there quick enough. But before going he tacked on
the front door of his house a sign which read:
"Neighbors paying their party calls will please not heave rocks
through windows to attract attention. Not in and not going to be.
Gone back to Circle City for a little quiet. Yours truly.
By Old John "Gorgon" Graham.
THE INVASION OF BEACON HILL
By The Parson.
WHEN GOOD MEN GO WRONG
JEFFERSON DOBBS.
(Copyright, 1903, Sampson-Hodges Co., Chicago.)
, After the excitement had died down so we could get a chance to
talk about it I went to Orrin and told him I was sorry he'd lost He
scratched his head a while and then looked at me kind of sorrowful
and said:
"I don't know just how I'm goin* to raise the money to pay it
back to the man I borrowed it from, and I was a blamed fool to bet,
anyway, because I can't afford to lose so much; but that ain't what's
bothering me the most Dave hadn't any right to win that race. His
mare ain't got any»thoroughbred blood into her, and he didn't drive
right. Darn it, Jeff, it ain't logical. That's what I'm lookin* at."
So you can't always tell about these things. Fish and Starr and
them people may have it all figgered out accordin' to logic, but logic
like the knot the preacher ties. It doesn't always hold. Logic's the
same as clothes. The styles keep chlngin* right along. Every little
while some captain of industry gets up and tells the people not to
fret because it's the logic of events that's bringin* the combines, and
that we ought to quit complainin" about it. Yours for logic.
"I know it," says he. "I have thought of them, but Orrin's goin*
into it with his eyes open. He knows all about it. I haven't kept
anything from him. So I don't see where there would be any dis
grace agin my fambly."
So the race come off. They got an even start and away they went
Orrin had seen two 0/ three big races and knew the tricks of tha
track. He let Dave get a little ahead at the start and then hung onto
his wheel. They went around the track that way the first time and
Orrin looked at the crowd in the grand stand as they were goin* past
on the last round and kind of smiled. I felt sorry for Dave because
I had a morgidge on his place at the time and I knew he couldn't
afford to lose the money, with the interest due in about three weeks.
Along tords the home stretch we seen Orrin lean forward and be
gin to let his horse out, but somehow he didn't seem to gain very fast
Then pretty soon he commenced to use the whip, and still Dave's
blamed old plug kept goin' right along in front, and almost before
anybody realized what had happened they went under the wire with
Orrin about four lengths farther back than he was when he began to
let his horse loose.
imake smoke, refuse to abolish grade crossin's and do the other legiti
imate business that comes in the line of railroadin'.
This talk about puttin* the railroads in the hands of the uot
?ernment is all foolish. That wouldn't be logic. You can't do things
I in this world that ain't logical. It's just as Professor Starr sayi, only
I 1 don't like the cold-blooded way he talks. Some of the big tellers
1 have eot to eat the little ones to keep them from gettra' in the way.
It's the natchural law of supply and demand. The big ones do the
'demandin' and the little chaps bring on the supply. There you have
'the whole thing worked out logical. I know it's logical, because the
masses don't seem to like it „„..,. • i_
Of course, reasonin' the thing out on Mr. Fish s plan, we might
say that the toothe acke's logical because the masses don't like it,
but as Judge Miller says, that would be beginnin' the question. I
can't help agreein' to the broad principle laid down by the Chicago
professor that it's all right for men to eat one another, only there'i
some details about the plan that there's goin' to be a good deal of
trouble in workin' out. It looks as though it wouldn't be any more
than reasonable to s'pose the lean people ought to have the right to
eat the fat ones,' but the dickens of it is that the fat ones generly are
the strongest, so they mightn's give their free will and consent.
Then you'd have a situation that wasn't logical. It would be like the
time when Orrin Hitchcoclc' and Dave Martin matched their horses
for a 'ace, one fall, at the county fair. Orrin had a horse that was nearly
two-thirds thoroughbred and Dave's mare was just a common sort
cf a plug that he'd raised himself, and he didn't know much more
about horses than they say an ordinary Justice of the Peace knows
about law. Orrin borrowed fifty dollars to put up on the match and
there was a big crowd out to see the race. Dave came to me before
the match took place and says: .
"Jeff," says he, "I've always tried to live a good Christian life,
and I don't want to wrong my fellow man just for the sake of win
nin' fifty dollars'. Do you think it's right for me to go into this
thing?"
"Well," says I, "I can't very well give other people advice on
these things, but if I was in your place I wouldn't do it. You're a
husband and a father. You've got to think of your wife and chil
dren." -v.
By 5. E. Riser.
THE, ORACLE: OF MULBERRY CENTER
I ULBERRY CENTER, Sept. 24.— I see there's a
I Chicago professor that says a man has a right to
'^^^^^or n^ eat s * e^ ow man when they ain't nothin' else
I ™_ Jlaf'.*: jffl^* W around, that's worth grubbin' up. I don't know
I whether he's goin' on the theory that human
l fl esn is about the cheapest article in the market
,0S/ I I VoV, tnese days or whether he just has a natchural
I taste for good society, but anyway I s'pose there's
a logic in what he says. Big fish eat Itp little fish, so it's only reason
'able to think the good Lord in his all-seein' wisdom intended the big
'men of this world to eat up the little chaps.
1 Mr. Rockyfeller has been at it a good many years and seems to be
'thrivin' on^it, so this professor in his collidge probably knew what he
1 was talkin' about before he spoke. Speakin' of fish makes me think
,of Stuyvesant. Stive is an expert on the gobblin' up .business, and'
,accordin' to the papers he sides in with the professor. Stuyvesant 1
don't use quite the same figger of speech, bein' more used to select so-,
ciety. Instead of comin' right out cold-blooded and sayin' it's right for
,men to eat up one another, he's a little more refined about it and says 1
it's all right for a few railroads to gobble up all the rest. I seen a
report about it the other day, and as I disremember it, he says there's
'about two hundred railroad companies in the country now that's got
to get et up by about fifteen of the big ones.
1 "It's the natcheral law of give and take," he says. "You can't
,make water run uphill, so it shows that the railroad business has to
be "done by a few companies. The rolling stone gathers no moss,
which only goes to prove that it's foolish for the big roads not to
force the little ones to. come in and git swallowed up. Too many
cooks spoil the broth, which makes it as plain as day that a railroad
company with only four hundred and seven miles of track and not
a millionaire among its directors hasn't enny moral or logical right
to do business. It's a long lane that has no turnin", and this shows
that the railroads of this country have got to belong to Rockyfeller.
the Vanderbilts, George Gould, Jim Hill, Pierp, me and three or four
more of us boys that got sent here by the Supreme Being to fix rates.
i Indeed, the surprise and sorrow which we feel when a good man
goes astray testify to our innate recognition of the rights and claims
of virtue. In his latest and in some respects his most absorbing
'story — "The Mettle of the Pasture" — James Lane Allen has delineated
'with wonderful acuteness the shrinking and the repulsion of a pure,
ihigh-minded woman before the sudden revelation of a moral strain
|in one whom she had previously regarded as the best of men. No.
we are not to condone the lapse from virtue on the part of professedly
good men and true. Their sin is greater than that of the man who
'never made any profession of goodness. I, for one, rejoice that the
iworld holds religious people accountable to a higher standard of
virtue than may be current in the community. The constant scrutiny
of, their fellow-men is something that Christians ought to be grateful
for instead of trying to escape it or complaining because of the criti
cisms of their neighbors.
But let us not forget that where one church treasurer steals a
hundred, yes a thousand — many of them with exceptional opportuni
ties for pilfering— are as honest as the sun. Where one minister mis
behaves, a thousand live clean and 'helpful lives. And goodness it
self — the real, thing, I mean, not its counterfeit — never goes wrong.
It will always stand the light of day. Therefore with all thy gettings,
my dear friend, get goodness and get more goodness day by day.
And never think that a modest, sensible profession of a desire and
purpose to be good makes it harder to achieve the rear thing.; ;It
makes it a good deal easier. When you ally yourself with forces that
make for righteousness ' in the community, , when, you publicly
acknowledge that you want to be counted -. in with the people who
cherish and pursue the highest ideals, you gain the added strength
that come* from fellowship and from a manly, clean-cut, personal de
cision. ¦ •' •¦'¦•• •¦-,¦
Vj <L rfr^\ UNDAY - SCHOOL superintendent arrested."
I *^>^(^^^r> "^ trcasurcr °* benevolent funds absconds." "A
w^v^M/T^k leading church official under suspicion." Such
"*"» ?a£Sfv>/r'jl headlines as these in the newspapers not only pro
~^ m^T an unpleasant shock upon us, but give rise
I 1 — Jjajjg==. to serious questions and misgivings. That is the
worst result of the wrongdoing of the presum-
ably righteous man. It not only clouds and
perhaps wrecks his own future and brings dishonor and shame upon
his family, but it strikes at the foundation of virtue in the community
and lessens the common stock of faith and confidence.' When Deacon
Jones embezzles the money of his church, when Parson Smith runs
off with another man's wife, people begin to ask if there is any such
thing as honor and decency, anyway. %
Now it 'is well to remember, in the first place, that the wise and
just ruler of this universe does not stake his continuance of virtue in
this world and its ultimate triumph over vice on any one man or any
,ten men. The righteous government and ordering of this universe
goes on even if the respectable men in Sodom are reduced, to five or
even to one. Once in history— so some of us think— God did risk
'a great deal upon the earthly career of a well-beloved. Son,, whose
i perfect life has for nineteen centuries illustrated the moral possibili
ities ot a human soul. If he had deviated a hair's breadth fromrec
jtitude it would have been harder for many persons to aaiiw?, *n vir
tue's ways. But even if among the ordinary children of men one and
'another do now and again swerve from the right, their lapse does not
iprove anything against the reality and the majestic supremacy of the
moral law itself. : . . , . : . : • ,W
Hank sent out a thousand invitations to his grand opening, as he
called it; Wt one at every house within a mile. Had a brass band on
the front steps and fireworks on the roof. Ordered forty kegs from
the brewery and hired a fancy mixer to sling together mild snorts as
he called them, for the ladies. They tell me that when the band got
to going good on the steps and the fireworks on the roof even Beacon
street looked out the windows to see what was^oing. There must
have been ten thousand people in the street and not a soul but Hank
and his wife and the mixer in the house. Some one yelled speech, and
then the whole crowd took it up, till Hank came out on the steps. He
shut off the band with one hand and stopped the fireworks with the
other. Said that speech-making was not his strangle-hold; that he'd
been living on snowballs in the Klondike for so long that his gas
pipe was frozen; but that this welcome started the ice and he thought
about three fingers of the plumber's favorite prescription would cut
out the frost. Would the crowd join him? He had invited a few
friends in for the evening, but there seemed to be some misunderstand
ing about the date, and he hated to have the good stuff curdle on
his hands. ' . . . ¦
«• « — — — ¦ — — — —————___ __
'%£' *^ If EVER sec a f eJ ' ow trying to crawl or to buy
Wl /^^L ' 1 ' s wa -* mto soc ! ctv l ! iat .1 don't th'nk oi my old
»>^l^_^y^ > - friend Hank Smith and 'his wife Kate— Kate
$i H^-^^IH otts s^ e was before he married her— and how
AjtK/S^l thcy tried to butt tllcir wa y through the upper
tWrnJ^W crust 
1 \fy%&$*' & Hank and I were boys together in Missouri,
- n^ >; ===^ and he stayed along in. the old .town after I left.. I
heard of him off and on as tending store a little, and farming a little,
and loafing a Rood deal. Then I forgot all about him until one dai a
few years ago when he turned up in the papers as Captain Henry Smith,
the Klondike Gold King, just back from Circle City, with a million in
dust and anything you pleise in claims. There's never any limit to
what a miner <rr.ay be worth in those, except his imagination.
I was a little puzzled when a week later my office boy brought <me
a card reading Colonel Henry Augustus Bottes-Smythe, but I sup
posed it was some distinguished foreigner who had come in to size me
up so that be could round out his roast in Chicago in his new book,
and I told the boy to show the general in.
I've got a pretty good memory of faces, and I'd bought too much
store plug of Hank in my time not to know him. even with a clean
shave and a plug hat. Some men dry up with success, but it was just
spouting out of Hank. Told me he had made his pile and that he
was tired of living on the slag heap; that he'd spent his whole life
where money hardly whispered. let alone talked, and he was going
now where it would shout. Wanted to know what was the use of
being a nob if a fellow wasn't the nobbiest sort of a, nob. Said he'd
bought a house on Beacon Hill, in Boston, and that if I'd prick up
my ears occasionally I'd hear something drop into the Back • Bay.
Handed me his new card four times' and explained that it was "the
rawest sort of dog to carry a brace of names. in. your, card -hostler,
I didn't explain to Hank, because it was congratulations and not
explanations that he wanted, and I make it a point to show a customer
the line of goods that he's looking for. And I never heard the full
particulars of his experiences in the East, though, from what I learned
afterward. Hank struck Boston with a bang," all" right.
He located his claim on Beacon Hill, between a Mayflower de
scendant and a Declaration Signer's great-gTandson, breeds which be
lieve that when the Lord made them be was through, and that the rest
of us just happened And h« hadn't been in town two hours before
he started in to make improvements. There Was a high wrought-iron
railing in front of his house, and he had that gilded first thing, be
cause, as he said, he wasn't running a receiving vault and he didn't
want any mistakes. Then he bought a nice open barouche, had the
wheels painted red, hired a nigger coachman and started out in style
to be sociable and get acquainted. Left his card all the way down one
side of Beacon street, and then drove back leaving it on the other.
Everywhere he stopped he found that the whole family was out. Kept
it up a week, on and off, but didn't seem to have any luck. Thought
that the men must be hot sports and the women great gadders to keep
on the jump so much. Allowed that they were the liveliest little lot
of fleas that he h2d ever chased. Decided to quit trying to nail 'cm
one at a time and planned out something that he reckoned would round
up the whole bunch.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
6
Do You See Tbiat
Cat?
FUNNY, ISN'T ITP
Well, It Is Not Half as Funny
as the One You Will See
On This Page
Next Sunday.But there was the boy with tie 1»
shares, the pleasant little clerk from 09
the State, who bad brought In Ms entire
fortune, his accumulated savings of $2191
He was a stranger to Wall street. Bui
They stood In the corridor of the par
titioned office, the crowd of men, all of
the'm customers of Tread weir & Co., ex
cepting the newspaper reporters, who had
called for their usual dally interview with
the famous leader of the sto--k market.
There were two United States Senators,
an ex-Congressman, a score of men who
had inherited fortunes and were doubling
them in the stock market, thre* or four
gray-haired, shrewd-faced capitalists,
whose names appeared many times in the
financial pages of newspapers; a baker's
dozen of prominent municipal politicians,
a well-known Western railroad president,
with a ruddy face and a snow-white
beard; two famous physicians, the vice
president of a life insurance company, a
half score of wholesale merchants and a
low-voiced. Insignificant little man with
a quiet, almost apologetio look, who sel
dom spoke and never smiled, but who.
next to tht colonel himself, wu beyond
question the heaviest plunger in the office.
The colonel came out of hla office to go
to his brother's room, where, seated about
a long polished table, were several direct
ors of the Suburban Trolley Company
men to whom the newspapers J^» T » re
ferred not by name, but as •prominent
Insiders." It waa a very Important gatn
erlng. It involved no lesa than a final un-.
derstandlng In regard to the great trol
ley pool," whose operations later on were
to become historical In Wall street. It
was. as one of the speculator* outside put
f "a case of show down"— the cash re
source* available for pool purposes, each
man announcing the proportion of th»
100.000 shares for Which he wm wining to
CaVey'wa* standing by the door of Wil
son Treadwell'e office. He did not feel al
together comfortable among so many eld
erly and obviously very rich men. Hla
diffidence was the saving of him. for aa>
the colonel passed he paused and said la
a tow Tolce, "Got. your stock yet?" .
The customers in the corridor, men who
by the colonel's advice were "carrying'*
from BOO to 10,000 shares each of Eastoa
and Allentown, leaned forward eagerly.
All were men who north of Wall street
would not have stooped to listen to oth
ers' conversations tf their lives depended
on it. In a broker's office such notions
were absurd, almost wicked. Certainly
at that moment twenty pairs of eye» were
looking fixedly at the great leader of thm
stock market and the young clerk.
The colonel felt thia Intuitively. Ha
confirmed It with a quick glance of hia>
sharp little eyes. He had not sold all hlsi
Easton and Allentown. but waa OimpomXaM
of it Just as fast as t£e market would
take it It was not likely that the stock
would go much higher, r Wall street, ere*
loth to believe well of any stock operator,
used to comment eneertagty on the fact
that the world heard ; much about tha
"Treadwell buying," but never - s> word
about the "TreadweU selling."
If the colonel gave a bint to the cus
tomers there would be aa avalanche of
selling orders that would make the prtos>
of the stock break sharply, and this
would not benefit any one. He had ad
vised them to buy the stock at 80 and 88
—it was 106 now. He had more than dona
his duty. If they did not sell out. In the
hope of making more, It was their cwa
lookout.
"There Is no use of being a blamed
hog," the man continued, with picturesque
emphasis, "but where in bla2es is 'the
sense of throwing away that much money
by selling out too soon? Limit your
losses and let your profits run."
The young man went into the office of
Treadwell & Co. on the eleventh day. Ha
knew be had made a great deal of money
— more than he had ever thoujrht of hav
ing at his age — but he did not know what
to do. now. He heard one man say to
another: "Take profits? Not at this
price. E. and A. is sure to go to 113- "
Carey figured that if he waited for the
stock to sell at 115 be would make nearly
a thousand dollars more.
gave an order to a clerk to buy 100 share*
cf Easton and Allentown Railroad stock
at the "market" or prevailing prioe for
Mr. Carey, and took the boy's $H& with
the utmost gravity. The smallest Stock
Exchange house would not accept such a
pitiful account. Treadwell & Co., being
the largest, would and did. *
The colonel shook hands with young
Carey, whose father bad once edited a
country newspaper, but who had never
been an Intimate friend, told him to
"Come .again any time," and went back
to his accomplices.
Easton and Allentown , stock was the
"feature" of the market that week and
the next. Ten days after 'Carey had
bought his hundred shares at 94 the stock
sold at 106. I
A PHILANTHROPIC WHISPER
haired and white-whiskered man, Milton
Steers, ¦ after-dinner speaker and self-con
fessed wit, and incidentally president of a
railroad system; also D. M. Ogden, who
looked like an English clergyman and
was the owner of the huge Ogden building
in Wall street. They had come to discuss
the advisability of. a new deal in VTrol
ley.". They represented, they and their
associates, more than ,$500,000,000. But
Colonel Treadwell made them wait while
he 'escorted his new acquaintance' to his
brother's room. ¦¦-¦'•• ¦ ¦
"Wllse." he •all, 'Tve brought you a
new customer, , Mr. Carey." . :
Wilson F. ? Treadwell : smiled pleasantly.'
He was a tall, slender man with a serious
look. "The firm did : not j desire new ac
counts, for there was already more busi
ness than could ¦ be . handled. They were
the : busiest '., and . the ' best-known stock
brokers in - the United - States. -.,: But the
colonel's "¦ friends were .welcome always. ,
. "I'm very \ glad to meet Mr. Carey,"
said Wilson Treadwell. The firm had some
very youthful customers, but their means
were In inverse ratio to their years.
"I think," said the. colonel, "that ire
had better, buy some , Easton , and Allen
town for him." He was smiling; he gener
ally was. . Moreover he was thinking of
his; brother's mistaken impression of the
hew customer. ' '
"That is a good idea," assented Wilson.
VYou ¦ ought to • put In your- order at once.
The \ stock is going up .very fast, Mr.
Carey." . •.-.' . . -.. ,...,.:'' .. ,: .:.- \
' "Well," voung man,' give him your mar
gin and let him buy you as much as he
thinks best," i aid the colonel.
"Five thousand shares," suggested Wil
son Treadwell.
Colonel Treadwell chuckled. "Fire
thousand? A paltry fiver'
"Well, 60,000 if he wants them, and you
guarantee his account," said his brother
with a smile. ,
"I guess." said the leader of the stock
market. . slowly, "that you had better be
gin with 100, shares."
Then. Wilson, who knew his brother
thoroughly, said "Oh!" and smiled and
rjpposingr he should tell that ha had been
advised to sell. ' There would be the
deuce to pay!
The colonel took chances. Out of on*
corner of his mouth, so that he did not
even turn his head toward the boy and
so that the watching customers could
not suspect what he was doing, he saot
a quick whisper— a lobslded, but phllan
thopic affair— at him: "Look at the color
of your money, boy! Take your profits
and say nothing!" And he walked Into
the room where the Suburban Trolley
magnates awaited him Impatiently.
Carey, thrilled but taciturn, gave his
Order to sell his Easton and Allentown,
unsuspected by the mob. They sold it for
him at 105 1 '%. Deducing commissions and
interest charges the colonel's whisper had
put $1050 in the young clerk's pocket.
And the stock went a little higher and
then d^Mned slowly to about 99. The
customers all made a great deal of mon
ey as it was, but not as much as they
would have "taken out" of the Easton
and Allentown "deal" if they had over
heard that one of Colonel TreadwelVs
many whispers— lobsided but philanthrope
lc affairs!
careful now." .-.v •-<>¦:
"Do you mean that they ret so rich fol
lowing it that they don't have to come
again?"
"You are a politician, young man. You'll
wake up and find yourself In Congress
some fine day, unless your father goes
back to newspaper work and writes some
editorials in your favor."
The boy had a pleasant smile, the
colonel thought.
"I have saved up some money, colonel."
"Keep it. That's the best advice I can
give you. Go away instantly. Great Scot!
youngster, you are In Wall street now."
"On, I — I'm safe enough In this office, 1
guess," retorted Carey.
The famous leader of the stock market
looked at him solemnly. The boy re
turned the look imperturbably. Then
Colonel Treadwell laughed, and Carey
laughed back at him.
"What are you doing to keep out of
State prison?" asked Treadwell.
"I'm a clerk in the office of the Federal
Pump Company, third floor, upstairs. I
have saved some money and I want to
.know what to do with it. I read an ar
ticle in the Sun the other day. It said
you had advised people to put their sav
ings into Suburban Trolley, and how well
they had fared."
"That was a year ago. Trolley has gone
up fifty points since then."
"That shows how good the advice
was. And you also said a young man
should do something with his savings and
not let them lie idle." . : '. ,'J< >s
The young man looked straight Into the
little, twinkling, kindly eyes of the leader
of the stock market.
"How much money have you?"
"I have $210," replied the lad, with an
uncertain smile. He felt proud of the
magnitude of his savings in his own
room; in this office he felt a bit ashamed
of their insignificance.
"Dear me," said tne millionaire specu
lator, very seriously, "that's a good deal
of money. It's a blamed sight more than
I had when I started in business. Got it
with you?"
"Yes, sir."
"Well, I'll Introduce you to my brother
Wilson, who has charge of our customers.
Come in, John." .
"John" came right in. His other name
was Mellen. He was a slim, quLet-Iooklng
man of about flve-and-fifty. His enemies
said that he had made $1,000,000 for every
year he had lived and had kept it. '
"Sit down, John." said Colonel Tread
well. shaking hands with Mr. Mel!en,. # TU
be back in a minute."
At the door he shoo * hands with two
more ¦visitors— a tall, ruddy-raced, white-
force of tremendous buying be mad*
those stocks advance with which he was
identified, and that, of course, the pub
lic always follows tht nocks that are
made active, and many other explana
tions. But In the end Wall street carni
to realize exactly to what It was that the
blind devotion of the speculative pcbllo
for the colonel was due. Defying all tra
ditions, upsetting all precedents, violating
all rules, driving all the "veterans" to
the verge of hysterics and bankruptcy by
his dally defiance of accepted views as to
the art of operating In stocks, Colonel
Josiah T. Treadwell founded a new
school: He told the truth.
The colonel sat In his oSice alone with
his thoughts. The door was open — It was
always open— end the clerks and custom
ers of Treadwell & Co.. aa they passed to
and fro. caught glimpses of the great lead
er's broad, kindly face and shrewd, 'lUtle,
twinkling eyes that seemed to smile at
them. They wondered what new "deal"
the colonel was planning. And then they
•rtshed with all their souls and purses
they knew the name of the stock—mere
ly the name of It— -co that they might
"get In on the ground floor."
The famous operator sat on a revolv
ing chair by his desk. He had turned his
back on as accumulation of correspond
ence, end he now rotated from right to
left and from left to richt. The tips of
his shoes— he was a short man— missed
the floor by an inch or two, and he
ewung his feet contentedly. A ticker
whirred away blithely, and from time to
time Treadwell ceased his rocking and his
foot-swlnglng and glanced Jovially at the
ticker tape. From his window he could
eee a Mississippi of people or a bit of New
York summer sky, but his restless eyes
were roaming and skipping from place to
place. And the clerks and the customers
wondered whether the market was going
the way the colonel had planned. The
ticker •was whirring and clicking, impas
sively, and the colonel wore a meditative
look. What was the "old man" schem
ing? The bears had better be en their
guard! As a matter of Tact, Josiah T.
Tr^adwell was thinking that his brother
Wilson, who had left him a few minutes
before, was certainly growing bold. He
aJso wondered whether people who adver
tised "restorers" and "invigorators" were
.veracious or merely "Wall Streety," as he
put it to himself.
A young man, an utter stranger to Col
onel Treadwell. halted at his door and
looked at the leader of the stock market
hesitatingly.
"Come in. com'* in," called out the col
onel, cheerily. "Won't you walk into my
parlor?"
"Good morning. Colonel Tread well," eald
the lad.- diffidently.
"Who are you. and what aro you, and
what can I do for you?" said the colonel,
extending his hand.
The youth did not heed the chubby, out-
Ftretched hand. "My name," he said, very
formally and introductory, "is Carey.
My father used to know you when he was
editor of the B'.ankburg Herald."
"Well," said the colonel, encouragingly,
"shake hards, anyhow."
Carey shook hands: his diffidence van
ished. He was a pleasant-faced, pleasant
voiced young fellow, Treadwell thought.
He was a good-hearted. Jocular old fel
low, unlike what he had Imagined the
leader, of the stock market would be,
Care y*" thought.
"Yes,** went on the colonel, "I remem
ber your father very well. I never forget
my up-the-State friends, and I am al
ways glad to see their sons. When I ran
for Congress Bill Carey wrot<» red-hot
editorials in my favor, and I was beaten
by a large and enthusiastic majority. I
haven't seen your father in twenty -odd
years— not since he went wrong and took
to politics." . .
"Well, Colonel Treadwell," laughed
Carey. "I guess dad did his best for you.
And if you didn't go to Congress you're
better off, from all I read in the papers
about you"
You would hav« thought they had
known each other for years.
"That's what I sty; I have to," chuck
ling.
"Colonel," said tht young man boldly,
•Tve come to ask your advice."
"Most people don't ask it twice. Be
THERE tar© been all manner of biff
stock operators and "leaders" in
"Wall street — gentlemanly, well-edu
cated leaders with a rift of epi
gram, and foul-spoken leaders who
knew aa little of grammar aa of man
ners; leaders to whom the stock market
was only the Monte Carlo of the tape,
and leaders to whom It was a means to
an end; cool, calculating, steel-nerved
leaders, and fidgety, Impulsive, excitable
leaders; leaders who were church pillars
¦Lnd total abstainers, and leaders whose
only Ood wa* the ticker and whose most
brilliant operations were carried on dur
lnf the course of a drunken debauch. But
never before In the breatnless history of
v.'ali street had there been a leader
•whose following was numbered by the
thousands and Included not only the
"shoestring" rpeculators, bat the very
richest of the rich! Never before a lead
er whose word took the place of statis
tical information, whose mere "I am buy
ing it" created mere purchasers for a
Ftock than all the glowing prospectuses
nr.d all the accountants' affldavltH and all
the bankers' estimates.
At :.ryt Wail street said the public was
suffering from an epidemic of speculative
insanity; that Colonel Treadwell was
merely a bold operator "backed" by a
clique cf the greatest fortunes In Amer
ica; that he was not a skillful "manip
ulator" of values, but by sheer brute
(Copyright 1501)
THEi SUN DAYS CAlit£
7THE
DAINTY MAID
The Rock Island Railway keeps one of
the largest supply houses in' the United
States in Trenton, Mo. The shipments
from this "store" are said to exceed the
combined sales of all other business
houses in Trenton. It furnishes supplies
to every point on the line between Mus-
The man who. thinks a little woman la
made for nothing but to be loved and
petted often wakes up to find her like
her 'prototype, the kitten— mighty sweet,
and .'soft and playful, but under the soft
purr are hidden tiny daws, and the kitten
uses, them if -rubbed the .wrong way
.The consequence is that she often takes
offense and notices trifles not Intended,
but which she resents, and then like a
bantam rooster she wants to fight any
thing in sight, irrespective . of size ' and
weight. .
She is really not as' amiable as one
larger, because on the same principle of
little things she notices trifles and is irri
tated. Then* she conceives an Idea that
because she Is little she is being Imposed
upon.
The woman who really loves fears to
lose a love she prizes, and for that reason
love can make no demand of her to which
her, heart will not respond.
. The little woman Is more aggressive
though* in this regard than her big sif
ter. In fact she is spoiled, and will have
her own way if startled by the crack of
doom.
' It is a' losing deal to spoil a child, while
It : is a downright J misfortune ' to spoil j a
woman. "'•_'' ,'. ..._." .
A woman must either be ruled, or she
will rule*. If she loves she- will.be ruled,
and one half of the -time will not realize
the thralldom— because .through her' love
she finds it sweet, and submits gracefully.
The greater her ibve, the more will it "be
her pleasure to yield to that love, j A^t
The modernized* idea- that- ¦ a woman
should not .only- obey- does not appeal to
love itself." When.it comes to "discussing
or wrangling over, .that question there is
little love at the bottom of it. .
Yielding to- the' wishes of one beloved
is not in a sense a question of obedience
such' as appeals to children, but it is
simply the j t'ellch t that love 'finds In the
compliance with* the requests , of love it
self. . *
'energy; and'.warllke spirit- can be : bottled
up in* one little body. ..
- If a man expects to find an angel, dis
guised in the dainty Dresden China maid,
he • will often* get a sudden Jolt . that will
¦hake ¦ that nonsense out of | him', with a
cold unfeeling! bump. ' J." '
The; little." woman .is generally - mighty
sweet and lovable, until you try to oppose
her, and then she inaugurates a surprise
party, where she." is - simply " tho whole
show with: the band wagon thrown in.
The trouble is, she is spoiled. . Looking
so tiny; like a child, she is treated like one,
and then too, 'like a child she begins to
tyrannize.: : . - : "• ... '..'
catlne. Iowa, and Missouri River points^
Kansas City Journal.
mighty, difference In \ the,- respective de
mesnes presided over by large or small
women. Such < differences ; aa may have
escaped notice at the time, but which, "If
recalled, are only too evident .V
/A large woman would hardly fit into the
environment of 'heV: smaller yslster. i Life
Is built. on proportionate lines which goes
to make a harmonious whole.
The : dainty little ; woman Is . Tery sweet
and refreshing to the eye. ¦ Men and
women alike make a pet of her, and she
becomes "spoiled. / ': : -
A large woman thrown in contact with
a dainty little one will assume almost a
man's protecting attitude in relation to
herl .. She will feel in. a measure respon
sible and will do almost anything- to make
her little protege comfortable, . with some
thing of a man's Instinct of chivalry."
•However," when it - comes - to \ a "test i of
endurance, or to a question of will power,
the little woman -is apt to discover an Im
mense amount of force. She is rarely a
coward, and , the instinct- of fear is less
developed in her than in her larger sisteiK
She is something of a fighter too, and
full of pluck, until It is often both amus
ing '¦ and amazing to . find what • a lot of
self, her mouth as pouting and enticing
as the rosebud lips of a child, and yet,
beyond and behind it all, the wee maiden
has often a will of iron that is proof <
against pleadings and threats.. >
Little people are notoriously ¦ stubborn,
and V four-six little woman can look at a
six-four, man' in ' a way that reduces him
to , subordination long before: a' referee
-could count him out. ¦¦-¦•:. ,- ¦ "'':" '¦-'
That is one of her little ways/' ¦: How
she does it no man has ever been able to
guess, , but , we have, all seen masculine*
giants' show a large and elegant bunch of
. white feathers- and go down and out like
a collapsed balloon if a pigmy sort of
little' woman Just looked at him In a cer
tain tone of voice— and -there Is where a
man" gets awfully fooled on, the dainty
little woman. ' ;
In her nature, as I have said, sho in
clines to little things, save when It comes
to picture hats, and the little woman has
never yet seen a confection of. chiffon and
ribbons .and plumes: that she thought too J
large to top off her wee small anatomy.'
'( But 'she likes little things ; as < a rule,
and yet . I j might make ¦ another; exception,"
the tinier the woman, the bigger the man
.she will want,, and .to this end ".will ply;
her fascinations on the largest specimen
in sight, and none other win interest her. "
But back to the" subject, of- little* things, !
Her,' personal; belongings she wants as
dainty as "herself. .'In the matter of dress
she Is harder to please and more observ
ant of trifles than a larger . woman; in
other words, she < is more particular and
would pick flaws that others would not
¦notice." ¦ •; .¦¦';¦ ¦ .';':'•'" V-'' ¦¦¦/¦. '[".'¦ ;.',
-' In her home she is so neat as to border
on being "nasty nice," much to the* dis
comfort of her family and :. .vints. She
will see things that no one"- else would
ever discover and' these trifles serve to
irritate' her.
- If one observes closely,- there is a
'Now, the little maid is not 'always as
tender and fragile as she looks,' for ob
servation and; expedience "prove that nine
out- of ten are' triple-plated bunches of
nerves, energy, vitality - and , endurance
that would put a larger woman out of
business In short order. \ -
The fragile, dainty creature Is generally
a marvel of reserve force. . She may look
as dainty, and ethereal as an angel. Her
eyes may be as appealing as her little
She looks -so 'fragile that he feels that
she ought to be petted and loved, and he
fires a lot of old stale chestnuts at her
anent "Little people were I made to • be
loved," etc., and "Valuable articles come
in small packages" and a lot of other old
moss-grown platitudes' that 'have grown
yard-long whiskers ages*' ago.
Well, .there's no. question 'that valuable
articles are done - up in \ small packages,
but so is poison. So, gentlemen, take your
choice. ••• ¦•'-¦"- ¦ • . . .- -r
However, th« dainty little maid has; it
pretty much her own way while she is
young and charming. Men speak.Vjf her
as such a "dear little thine." or "such a
pretty little thing," in a. tone that almost
carries with It a caress. While it would
be tantamount to an insult to say of her
splendid looking sister, "such a dear big
thing," or "a pretty big thing," or. some- 1
thing equally questionable* or suggestive,
imagine the glare In the : ', stately
beauty's eyes were she so alluded to. It
"would annihilate a man in the. first round.
He would never -have '.the' courage to face
the music after any such faux pas.
The little . woman - has ah immense ad
vantage over the large one in her sunny
youth. Men entertain a more chivalrous
sentiment toward the tiny maid, whom
they, seem to think i.t a bounden duty to
look after, and toward whom to exercise
a sort of protecting espionage.
The larger girl, they fancy, can take
care of herself, while the wee mite of
femininity needs a man's strong right
arm.
elderly, stately matrons suffers through
comparison. Besides, the little woman
rarely masters the art of growing -, old
gracefully.
The dainty girl, petite and charming
herself, runs to little things of her own
prototype. Dainty belongings, dainty
surroundings, that harmonize with her
own personality, are adopted by her and
anything other than In keeping irritates
her, and as old women say, "Gets on her
nerve*."
The tastes and environments of a large
woman run into more generous channels.
She Is not apt to notice little things with
the same precision or analytical spirit
as does the wee maiden. She sees life
through a larger prospective, and her
character partakes of her physical self.
The dainty maid seeks harmony in her
surroundings and an absence of It strikes
a discordant note that mars the whole
melody of her life.
She notices many things that her more
generously proportioned sisters would
Bcver think of, and allows the little things
of life to fret and annoy her in a manner
that her physical opposite escapes.
For this reason you rarely find a little
old woman who retains even a remote
semblance of her girlish beauty. The little
old woman shows in her wizened face,
with its lace work of wrinkles, how she
has fretted and nursed her grievances un
til through them she has woven her net
work of wrinkles during all the years
that Time has kept tabs on her.
Large women, in the majority of cases,
grow into handsome old ladies. The pass
ing years deal kindly with them, and
many who were hardly passable In youth
take on a beauty with the friendly mark
lags of age that astonishes even them
selves.
The dainty little woman shrinks into a
shriveled little dame, with an almost un
canny, selfish look, and the proportion of
pretty little old women with handsome,
:.s she looks, and has a penchant
for pretty things that form the back
ground of the picture,. or is in the nature
of a frame work of the little miniature.
DON'T make any mistakes about
the dainty llitle maid, of the
Dresden China type.
Of course she is just as dainty
ADVESTisiTMinrra.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
Has keen iucoe«»-
y>?"£AS??5L fu!1 >' used by le * 4 *
f*S& %3^ ln * ac*'r« s «*. «lnx-
/>CaV^ '4? era » ni1 women of
?,"t!rfr-» ft9-it fashion for mort
IVa & Wherever applied
\*j -mr i It 1' instantly ab-
J j sorted tnrouga the
B *t pores of the skin.
( and Its wonderful
ds V nutrition feeda to*
.f wasUnc tissue*.
L^m^ . >1> BEMOTXrO
yUKVs . y As If by mada. one
Vn appUcatloo ofua
1 5_J/!TS-c</tV showlns; a rvaark-
*^.rl*7li able Improvement.
DR CHARLES FLESH FOOD ts positively
the only preparation known to medical science
that will round out hollows in the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh oa tMa cheeks,
arms and hands. _ -
- TOR SSTSXiOTXZrO TX3S 2XT3T
Or breasts shrunken from nunlnx; it ha* the
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxee
ar» often sufficient to make the bast firm.
luree and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGOIST3.
Uecular price. Sl.CO a ¦ box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxse,
In plain wrapper.
F n rrcr —A. sample box and our o* 0 **
KCD "ART Oy MAS3AOE." folly UJus-
trated. will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for eoet of mailing. AaiTrsssi
DS. CHAB1E3 CO.. 19 rtzk fUte, Sr» Tirk.fled .her. Imagined woes. With her de-.
lightfui ' feeYing of ¦ absolute dependence
Bhe fancies/that perhaps these larger op
portunities,'^ If she ha,d s them, would, be
hedged in with ¦• annoyances ; ,- maybe } her
greater rre'edomi would be a continual trial
arid >trib>ulaUon .^;h^r. , , 5
To be <a Woman iind to have the whole
world readyto bow,.to' her. and' do things
for her: to have them know arid acknowl
edge her real power;, to win' respect~and
love Instead of buffeting; with life now be
comes her one thought and sole: ambition.
My!' How" blind she has been for years.
It's often somewhat' h. a rd • for her to
realize, that while she may give her.lit
tle dinners as before arid, invite her
friends to evening doings, she. mustn't in-
Vile chaps to see her alone, after her'
careful and do it in a, nice, lady-like fash-
Ion. It doesn't always pay.tOybe too over
bearing and j there, is nothing .truer/ than
"Pride goeth before a fall." .. .-. ¦"¦¦-.
; And then the event of* all .events is at
hand.-*" If : any ¦ friends are to .witness the
ceremony. It Is infinitely better to go. about
lt;in. a practical, sensible fashion. ,The
bachelor's apartment is far too' small' and
"too Informal for such* a . great occasion
and there are mighty few married friends
who are generous enough to lend a help-
Ing hand at -this critical time. Weddings
always seem to be considered in the light
of a general upheaval, ib Miss Bachelor
should resort to the' best and most appro
priate of all places^-the church.
-It makes absolutely no difference how
plain the church ceremony may be or how
simple the reception, it is far better fcrm
to have it at* the home of a ', married
friend, so . that for the time being she
may act the hostess, or to dispense with
it entirely. One thing or ue other.
It stands to reason that, every girl has
her own ideas on this subject and she
may.will'to step out of her. tiny quarters
a wife; and when It comes right down to
it If she wishes it there really isn't any
good and .. sufficient " reason why she
shouldn't be.. married at home and have
her wee breakfast and good wishes where
she has spent bo many happy hours, but
always and under- all circumstances some
married woman, must take the placo of
her mother, for she is. the most important
fact— the chief ,' guest* at the breakfast—
and the worries that beset every hostess
should not be permitted to enter or bothei
her bead. She is the right honorable and
she must look and act the part
And then come troubles. Manifold cares
that she never, dreamed o£. In too first
place, she leaves her happy girlhood be
hind her. and Steps into matronhood, with
its thousand and one new .duties./ Her
careless,: free days are at an end; for her
new. social responsibilities are much heav
ier and more 'weighty to carry. After one
or two .humiliating blunders. In which she
calls- herself all manner of bard names,
she steadies down and has a' battle' royal
with .herself, and just about comes to the
conclusion that because her sex and her
station deprive her of going Into the
world at all times and to all places she'll
make her home so attractive and so,al
luring that the world will j not . snap its
fingers at her, but instead .will flock to
her borne and learn of; her. Instead of
crying for the moon she begins to realize
her responsibilities and she gradually sees
her Immense advantages — wider by far
than they have ever been before. Her
single watchword Is dignity, for she must
never fall to remember that the frolics
which were so freely pardoned in a bach
elor would be frowned upon In a matron,
But she has her compensations. She
can play the grande.dame'to a finish. All
she has to do Is; to nod her head and, lo
and behold! she finds herself surrounded
by a party of merry-folks' at luncheon, at
theater parties, or on automobile Jaunts
things that -were utterly beyond her be
fore, first oh 'account of. her hours, r sec
ondly because of the sllmness of her
purse and lastly. because custom does not
smile upon forward girls of any class or
station. ,'•: '•. ' - : • -
To\ be sure.- the merry \ beaux who
dropped in so carelessly must be held at
a distance, 'for just- around the corner,
although-well hidden from sight, . some
devoted friend is certain to be watching
and all In the Interests of the absent one.
had. It's -..worse '.than , foolish; ..It's abso
lutely, the top'notch'.of folly. .•It-Ytands* to
reason that*mj'one wha'tias" been^acc'us
totned to, the"; conveniences and 'even the
luxuries ; of 'going,. toL be L r content
with ithe .bare'] necessities, iliove in a~cot
tage : |s f allt'flne; -and>daisy .when the . hearth
is" a rudd.y trftd and- the . table well ; laden ;
but i when -'the * fire- dies' lower* and i lower
love «ls j 'mofe*than* ltkely to "flicker 'and
flicker, making J a > brave j fight t to keep
alive, but-; finally- dying a vhard death.
So the bachelor must select a suitable
husband, one:; who .will, be "well ? received
by her friends; one who is their equal In
every way;;. bailing* In this' she commits
a breach\ of: good, sense, if not .of good
taste, not "only toward herself but toward
her. family 'arid those with whom she as
sociates 'as V well; \\ •-_•. : : a ' ; ' ,'.-.;
The lengthi of ~ her engagement should
be short \Madam& Gossip gives but' three
short months between the announcement
and the 'wedding. And -.if liberties are
taken -with 'her she is -very prone "to offer
notliing short of downright rebukes. Alas,
for frail human 'nature! ¦_ Gossip knows
well enough th* at ; the wisest plan is to an
nounce . the happy event and send ' the
wedding iriVltations : rushing along : like
Jack and Jhis ' running raate— and Jill came
tumbling: alter. ...
. But really. and truly, unless there is a
rattling good reason for delay, three weeks
only should follow the announcement and
the : wedding ; invitations should be sent
speeding: on .'their way and three weeks
later the- clergyman should have a chance
to make life miserable forever after for
both of them.'. • ' : :-
Of course, 'If , the bachelor girl, wants a
little more--time,' she may make grimaces
at Madame Grundy, but she ought to bo
made this, that and the other excuse to
a host of others.
It Is the turning point in her life and
she fully realizes it. She wonders within
herself If she could ever endure to have
any man ask: "Where Is the quarter I
gave you yesterday?" Perish the thought!
About one question of that kind and she'd
show him who could make the most filthy
lucre in that family, anyhow. She. argues
to herself that marriage Is a partnership.
Just because man is generally the bread
winner, the woman is not necessarily
merely a prettily frockeddoll that smiles
and pouts to order.
She must bear the burdens of the bouse,
and would these multifarious duties be
- less irksome than her present ones? Pos
sibly Just six of one and half a dozen of
the other. r . ¦
So she promptly discourages her other
callers, to. be sure with the utmost tact,
and encourages the selected ; one until
the time comes when she can announce
¦her engagement. ' ¦¦
And Just that minute the whole woman,
changes. As soon as she has Irrevocably,
given herself away she . promptly, . com
mences to wonder If she hadn't magni-
hand and heart are pledged to another.
Perhaps the most rigid rules that must
be followed. in the course of a' girl's ca
reer are laid down right at this point She
is told by her devoted, mischief -making
friends that she mustn't do this and ah*
mustn't do that until she Is ready to tear
her hair and shriek aloud,. "What may X
do?" Why, brush them aside as so many
troublesome flies. It so chances that we
have enough troubles* without adding
Imaginary ones, and certainly at this time
of her life it is every girl's, undeniable
privilege to be supremely, selfishly happy.
But If she can. It Is good policy to have
a friend visit her during the short days
of her engagement, but if this can not be
. conveniently • arranged ¦" a maid * who can
act In the capacity of a chaperon - and |
somewhat of a companion is. only, a mat
ter of '. a few dollars and cents, and she
frequently saves, • oh, so many heart
burns. "''
Every girl owes It to herself, and to so
.plety. for that matter, to marry well.
There is no earthly sense In marrying
any. man, [ even though he be | one of | the
noblemen on God's earth, . who , cannot
give her at least as food as* she already
#-r^ HERE comes a time, but not until
I • hard labor has gotten in its dead-
I ly work, that the bachelor girl
I decides that she is very human,
and she has a secret longing to
be a little more woman and not so much
man. After all. she Is very like her sis
ters and sooner or later is forced to ac
knowledge to herself that she keenly feels
the need of companionship, and she fairly
longs to step out of her limited life in her
two-by-four fiat into something more pre
tentious, Eoroetbing that was built for
more than one.
She argued at first, more to reconcile
herself to her duties than anything else,
that man had larger opportunities, that he
¦wasn't bound by certain conventions and
thai there was no tradition which tied
him to a certain place when he was will
ing aTl( j ready to take a new one. There
wasn't any "Thus far shalt thou go and
no farther" about him, end In adopting
her new life and independent mode of liv
ing she flattered herself that she had
calmly stepped over the line drawn for
women and stood shoulder to shoulder
with that most privileged of all creatures
—man.
Oh. tsuch Ideas are all very fit and fine
for awhile, but like all things else they
are \-ery.apt to wear out. especially If she
begins to have one steady caller, and her
friends, one by one, gradually begin to
drift away, leaving her to recognize the
fact that where there Is one best fellow
there can be no other. , "
That in Itself is food for thought. So
she stops and reasons long and well with
herself. She's comparatively happy as it
Is, and what Is more to the point, she
makes a good living, but there's no use
denying the fact that It does get beastly
lonely now and then and the worst part of
It to that there seems to be but one who
can fill the rap. BtUl she don't want to
Jump from the frying pan Into the fire
for a mere passing whim or an Idle fancy.
But gradually and gracefully she yields.
little by little— by degrees, as it were—
•be acknowledge herself that she most
certainly likes one chap better than the
others; that she is never bored when he
Is about; that she has allowed, nay, even
gecouraged" him, t> call when she has
It Isn't curiosity. . Certainly not. But 11
Is, as a rule, a very wobbly kindliness.
Dame Fashion's latest decree la the
C eneral tabooing of gentlemen at all Jol
lifications unless the head of the house
Is there also. It noes without saying
that If a friend takes her husband along
.for a moment, .or a chap judt drops la
< to offer his best wishes the strict ruler
of "etiquette Is not offended, but she dis
tinctly dictates that If the host 13 called
away at the eleventh hour all Invitations
'must.be canceled. at a quarter of twelve.
That'lSriiraless a yfrar has peacefully and
placfdJy* rolled away and then the hus
band of any guest ;may*.*ct as host wtth
.perfect propriety^ •? . ' ~'j
?£And th~e- reason "qfjwbat seems Ilk© far*
> ejij,;deqoruin.:js^ust this.. The youn*
-"inipttron's^soclal stan^iTrg r 'dep« r nds upon the
"¦way 'she. carries herself, for'.tlnrlngr. these
twelve months all eyes ary upon her and
she feels somewhat i»«j tfto'u&h she were
a rat wlth-a smooth, steek Jtabby watch
'\ng every movement, "ready to pounce
upon, her. at -the first misstep
! No matter how much one may dlsllks
the rules of polite; society, there Is no
jetting .away, from .-certain ones, so the
young /matron mishit Just as well make
up. bar mind to srfacefully submit and
¦end out "at home'- cards at least once
a -week during: the first three months of
her married - life.
•Her. friends, now must necessarily be
her husband's, and his friends must be to
a -decree hers also. Separate acquain
tances ; are \perfectly Impossible and just
as soon as the youns people realize that
.'.they, are one socially, as In every other
respect.. tha better ;it will be for them.
Fancy. what a- tempest In a teapot there
would be ifmlladl had the exquisite bad
tasta to have" private confidences with
former b*aux! Heavens! what an ani
mated faintly row there would be. And
"¦. lt\work» , every itrhtt as well the other
tf/tho«e ; .who^jhave tried it to be
, eonytaced'wotUd butf tell you.
.--When i the "sfff-woihan has reached the
pla.ee where she baa perfect aplomb and
-tact ready: to meefi all emergencies she
Is. possessed of . that which irold, silver
.v nor . precious,, jewels; cannot buy. and all
are -ready, to bow down to her and cheer*
. fully : acknowledge her as :
"A woman ideal, delightfully reai.**-
Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
WHEN THE
BACHELOR
GIRL
MARRIESfeather' mystery. If the crown Is flat and
the plume extends across from one side to
another and falls over the .brim they
cunningly fasten a '• twisteu hairpin,
something after the fashion of an ordi
nary safety pin, and that is secured in
the hair and Mr. Feather is held in place
and at the desired. angle.
Never before have such a variety of
colors been worn and so well worn. Coral,
in fact, any of the shades that belong to
the red family, add a splendid bit of color
and rarely fall to please, and again it does
not jar with everything that one puts on,
as do th* vivid °cre«ns, th* royal purples
and the blues. When one stops to think
about It there are comparatively few de
cided shades' that do not elash moat ter
ribly with the scheme of one's wardrobe,
but Just at present there stems to be a
touch of scarlet in almost everything that
one can put on. ' . :
Of course, color combinations are seen,
! but the : most 'charming '; are' . . blue and
white . 'and black and white. w Pink ! and'
black are sweet and pretty j together, ; but
they never look their, best unless one . has
on a pink or a black frock, and it's a
most dreadful nuisance being a slave to
anything,' let alone ' a hat.
Hats, four times a year, are a question
t'-at women never grow weary of ponder
ing over. Of course, all cannot have
them built upon the head as the gown Is
built upon the body, but it is the unde-
Tl. bat that flares off the face and
that is shaped in points is one of the new
est, as well as one of the smartest. As a
rule, there are about five points and the
brim Is lined with a soft, filmy white,
while the top is a heavy plush, a* much
shirred and. puckered as It is possible for
It; to be. A single white plume falls over
the hair prettily and never falls to soften
the features and add a year or so of
youth. . ,...'.' . ¦ '
One of the most striking creations is a
black velvet hat with a high shirred
crown. It tilts ever so slightly to one side
and Is exquisitely finished with a long,
sweeping plume of a rare turquoise, more
green than blue. To be aure. it's a novel
ty of the most novel kind, and the woman
who has blue eyes should wear it, that is.
if she is clever enough to understand t> '*t
the hues of her hat bring out tne tint
of ber eyes. Then she Is, as a rule, love
ly. Fortunately for her, she has learned
one of the great secrets of being well
dressed. *>¦*' ..-*•
Woolng-tlnae brings to th» front th»
comical side of bird life, and methods are
as varied among our feathered neighbors
as among ourselves. The extremes of dig
nified courtship and disreputable scrim
mage were shown by two well-known
birds, when the presence of a rival Inten
sified affairs. Two purple finches, suitors
for the favors of the same sparrow-like
maiden, placed themselves on each
side- about a foot from her and
offered a musical contest- First
one b«rst into a rapturous song,
flying up Into the air, feathers
fluffed out and snowy breast and rosy
shoulders more lovely than «v«r. The solo
finished, he dropped back t» his perch and
politely waited while his rival poured out
his madrigal. This alternate display con
tinued several minutes, and apparently
the -umpire found it bard to choose, for
she evaded decision by taking flight— both
suitors following. Different wa3.tne meth
od of two orchard orioles, one in the im
mature plumage of the second year, the
other In tee full glory of maturity. This
was a wrangle, accompanied by scolding
and avtan vituperation from beginning to
end. If the theory of vituperation by fine
dress be true, decision should havs been
easy but after a whole day's trial the fair
one ended it by a truly feminine scorn of
theories, eloping with her plainer suitor,
leaving the gorgeous elder to console him
self with another bride— which he did be
fore sunset.— Collier's Weekly.
Wooing Time Among: the Birds.
the newest of the new.
No matter what Is said or don* about
hair dressing the pompadour still bold*
its own and the hat that is not built for
one is instantly stamped hopelessly old
fashioned. It doesn't make any difference
whether the hair is worn low or high,
the pompadour Is there and the hat should
be correspondingly large, in fact, for an
afternoon or theater hat the large one
is imperative.
Now and then an order Is rives for a
email tooue, bat these days It seta well
back on the head and is intended for in
formal occasions/only. When a stiff
brush or a family of aigrettes are put
on at an Impertinent angle they are
splendid for morning wear, as no amount
of wind or fog can do an/ damage and at
the end of the season they look exactly
as trim as the day they left the shop.
Oreat black picture nats are more worn
than ever, the only ' difference Being in
th« radical change of materials, the style,
in a treat measure, depending upon the
manner In which It Is worn. '.> No matter
how stylish a hat may be if it Is not worn
with the head well up "and ' In) a/;; flirty,
fascinating fashion it simply 'will not look
swagger and no milliner on earth could
make It look so. : Pictura * bats . require
women who know how to carry them and
unless one has this knack they are little
short of an 'abomination. '. , ¦ _ ., -
There Is scarcely a trimming that one
could, mention that Is not used, and with
good results. A hat that U worn well
over the eyes, but not tipped over the
forehead, has a wreath of velvet flower*
completely encircling it, and save \ * or *
wee bow of ribbon,, does not boast of an
other thing— not even a buckle.
These Bailor* that .are astonishingly.,
wide in the front and .clipped off snort In"
the back never have anything trailing,
upon them, but the^Iarger, hats, 1 built more
on a picture fashion, often have' a sweep-
Ing .feather, a Mi of chiffon, perhaps some,
flowers < or . some fur that teems ¦ bent on
investigating the nape of the neck. This
tendency should always be on the side
and instead of ruining a smart creation
adds not a little to its beauty. ;
The French have solved the trailing •
stable privilege of every woman, ne mat
ter her circumstances, to study her face
and to fit It and her own particular stylo
of beauty.
Perhaps the most useful and the most
popular hat this fall is the great, lovely,
picturesque Gainsborough, with Its high
crown and large flat brim slightly turned
up on one side. It's a perfect love of a
hat when worn by a love of a girl, and
It is always a treasure In Itself, for it
never fails to live up to its aristocratic*
name If it is given half a chance by be
in?: Ect on the head at the proper angle.
Of course, the great ostrich plume la
a thlnr of joy In Itself. It Is often a*
long as your good right arm and very
thick, and heaven only knows what a for
tune It costs. Why milliners actually look
one In the face and solemnly declare that
five and forty dollars is a great bargain,
and, what is more astonishing, really get
the price with little or no trouble. There's
no denying that they form a bewitching
frame for a pretty face and when the
end falls off the side of the bat and curls
over the ear It Is the most fetching, ex
quisite creation that has ever been In
vented for a finished coquette.
Gainsborough does not necessarily, mean
the exact hat that Is always called to
mind by the name, for these days there
are ar.y number of variations and but
a semblance of the original is left. Borne*
times If the hat is to be worn with a
tailored cult It can be trimmed with a
band of taffeta and a smart bow or ruche
.en jme.flldeL.for taffeta .«- jferyjnuch la
tainty that reposing serenely in a mug
box is an equally good one for the win
ter and that it costs not a aou.
But thanks be. the rules and regulations
cf economy are not studied by all and
every smartly dressed woman posseeses
• htft for each and every frock and the
one never ceems quite complete without
the other. Never before has the full im
portance of the hat been so fully real
ized. It would appear that women have
just made the startling discovery that
what they crown themselves with makes
or unmakes them, and it has come to
the etare when no clever buyer will se
lect a bat unless ehe is well gowned, and
the wisest even go so far as to purchase
enly when she has the gown on that she
Intends wearing it with. They have learn
ed that th» tones harmonize far better
end that certain shaped frocks demand
certain etyles of hat or at least that
they look fully a hundred per cent better.
THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN
FALL HATS
The soft, billowy chiffon and the light
durable tulle hasn't been relegated to the
darkest corner cf the shelf by any man
ner of means, even if malicious people >io
accuse their devotees of studied economy,
end, by the way, there are simply ecorea
of things more to be avcided than this
method of buying clothes and hats that
are Just as nifty looking In June as they
are In December. There certainly la one
Immense advantage about this sort of hat
that is built to be worn during the twelve
months, inasmuch as it gives one an es
pecially chic hat for the summer, and
there is a comfortable, reassuring cer-
Oh, the plushes, the long-napped felts
end the heavy, heavy velvets. They be
longed to the time of our grandmothers,
but they're with us now and, what is
more, in full fcrce. There's absolutely no
petting away from the fact that they are
being welcomed with outstretched arms,
too, for they are such a decided change,
and that Beems to be just what the fickle
followers of Dame Fashion are eternally
end forever searching for.
For it goes without paying that all
hats, if they be the work of clever art
ists, are quite as different from each oth
er as night Is from day. A copy is a thing
to be ppurned ar.d despised and no milli
ner who carts a -4iin for her reputation
could be bribed to pattern to a nicety, so
says Mrs. Fredrleks.
lust at present and what is more to
the point are as lit and ;>ret'v a? any de
cided novelties ever dared to be.
LAVENDERS In every conceivable
shade, emerald greens in a long
list of variations, royal blues and
gun metals are stalking abroad
Turbans, and especially the military
ones, are to be worn in their place and
those who can stand the rather severe
fashion will always look well, for there
is no possibility of their ever becoming
common. The feathery pom pom is too
expensive end the shirred plush takes too
long to fashion, eo they will always be
Pokes are not considered for one min
ute. They are a pretty and wonderfully
becoming style of bonnet," but they have
proved the -whim of an idle moment and
those who bought them in a rush have
lived to repent In leisure. Three long
years ago they were all the rage in Paris
and with them were worn the long, float
ing streamers that are now Just about
as passe as anything could well be.
Short-backed sailors really are Just the
swellest of the swell. And they are so
delightfully simple. They/re flat with a
very low large crown and the brim ex
tends well over the face, while the back
is extremely short. Generally they are
made of materials that match the gowns.
For instance, colored plushes, queer tone3
in shaggy felts and novelties of various
colored plaids. Extending half way
around the ¦ hat but commencing in the
back, mind you. is a full, fluffy ruche of
a contrasting ribbon, and that is abso
lutely every bit of trimming that they
Loast of Yet there is a nameless, fetch
ing look about them that makes them
wonderfully popular and much sought
after.
vogue Just now, as It always lends crisp
ness and freshness. Then again for even
ings pink rosea can be banked up one
side instead of the trailing feather and
it is trim and costs but very little money.
THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.
1011
THE SUNDAY OAIit.
PREFERENTIAL
TARIFFS
The question of preferential tariffs for
imperial purposes between the United
Kingdom and her Colonies must natu
rally resolve itself, if and when it takes
concrete and practical shape, into a sep
arate business transaction between the
mother country and each particular col
ony, in which the natural resources and
particular products of the colony, the
amount of those products available for
export, the geographical position of the
colony and its distance from our shores,
and the nature and amount of goods
likely to be required from the mother
country, will all have to be consid
ered and taken into account. Let us im
agine John'Uull in a position to say to each full grown, responsible, self-gov
erning member of his imperial family. '"If I give you a preference on this im
port or that, what will you give me in return?" And so when terms and
rates of preference are finally adjusted on the quid pro quo principle, the bar
gain might be struck. .
So much as regards the inside transaction between members ot the
same great British family. As between the family and the outside world,
the contemplated bargain also obviously involves the principle of reciprocal
tariffs against a possible common commercial enemy. For practical pur
poses the United Kingdom must be able to tax foreign imports, even other
than those on which colonial preference may be given, in defense of her
family as well as of herself.
Let us briefly consider on these lines the case of Canada and the United
States. Three thousand miles of ocean divide the United Kingdom from her
greatest colony, the Dominion of Canada, as well as from that great inde
pendent republic, the United States, which might to-day have been a self
governing British colony of the first magnitude had our statesmen of a hun
dred and twenty years ago been wiser and more far-sighted.
Geography and Commercial Relations.
What then are the present commercial relations between England and
the North American continent, and what particular considerations do they
involve if preferential trade regions are to be established between England
and Canada? It is clear that the geography of the case alone compels us to
bring the United States into the. discussion, for this reason if for no other,
that our colony and the great republic march together for some three thou
sand miles. Apart from this particular geographical reason the consideration
of this question becomes all the more practical and even urgent when it. is
remembered that Canada has recently given us a 33 i"3 per cent tariff prefer
ence for which, under our present fiscal system, we can give no return; that
Germanv has in consequence threatened to retaliate on Canada with increased
hostile tariffs with the avowed intention not only of punishing Canada^ but
also of deterring other British colonies from following her example; and that,
in consequence, no doubt, of our present inability to respond to her advances,
Canada has recently commenced negotiations for a reciprocity treaty with her
powerful and prosperous neighbor, the United States; negotiations which
are reported to have ceased since Mr. Chamberlain made his historic speech
at Birmingham. Let us take it that Canada is holding her hand in the hopes
that the mother country may after all be able to meet her advances. Now for
a brief outline of the salient facts. Our trade with Canada amounts in
round figures to £30,000,000, or three times what it was forty years ago. She
is a young country with an immense area and a comparatively sparse popu
lation of about 6,000,000. Her agricultural and industrial development is
capable of enormous expansion: and if her population was relatively as dense
as Norway, the most thinly populated of European countries, it would
amount not to 6.000,000 but to 60.000,000 or ten times its present number. It
is therefore perfectly clear that Canada is worth looking after and that her
trade with us is well worth encouraging and developing from every point of
view. Her exports to us are mainly agricultural products and timber, her
imports from us mainly manufactured goods. As a sample of her latent pos
sibilities Canada is stated on good authority to possess at least 150,000,000
acres of untouched virgin wheat land capable of producing fifteen bushels per
acre or more. Her present cultivated area is 4.000,000 acres, which in 1901
produced 64,000,000 bushels of wheat besides other cereals.
The United tStaftes and Canada.
How about her powerful neighbor across the international line? With
a population of over 70,000,000 on a somewhat similar sized area the United
States possesses a far greater variety of soil and climate; better developed
railway and inland water transport and a much longer available coast line
with numerous ice-free ports as against the few Canadian Atlantic ports,
which, with the exception of Halifax and St. John, are only ice free for a
little more than half the year. England's yearly trade . with the United
States is something under £200,000.000, of which the larger and increasing por
tion consists of imports to the United Kingdom, the smaller and decreasing
portion of manufactured exports from the United Kingdom. Among other
items half the breadstuffs consumed in the British Isles in 1002 were sup
plied by the United States. On this point it may be remarked that a reason
able import duty on American wheat, with a free British market for Cana-
dian wheat, would in all probability and in less than a generation hence
transfer England's granary from the States, a foreign country, to our great
est colony, Canada, and thus secure for all time the inestimable advantage
and security of a national food supply within the boundaries of our own em
pire, and this could be brought about without, it is believed; any serious or
even appreciable rise in the price of bread to the British consumer. JJnder
present conditions it is difficult to estimate what price bread might not rise
to in the British Isles in the — let "us hope highly improbable— event of war
with the United States. But highly improbable events have a knack of
sometimes occurring, and the above is an instance of how our present depen
dence on foreign countries for our daily bread might eventually be done away
with and a great national danger insured against as a result of preferential
tariffs with the minimu^ii of inconvenience to the British consumer.
Canada's Fiscal Position.
¦ .. . ¦ ¦
But let us look at the above facts from Canada's point of view. She has
at present much to gain and nothing — commercially — to lose by a recip
rocity treaty with the United States. Our present so-called free trade princi
ples prevent us from even negotiating with her on preferential . tariff lines.
There is an American import duty, for example, of 8 shillings a quarter on
Canadian wheat. , The Canadian" farmer is thus to all intents and purposes an
outsider debarred from the free grain market and the splendidly developed
storage and transport system of the United States. A reciprocity treaty
might open the door to the Canadian farmer to the advantage at all events of
his pocket. Only his loyalty to the mother country stands in the way. But
loyalty, like 'other sentiment!, must have at times something substantial to
feed upon, and this would be supplied by a preferential British tariff in favor
of Canadian grain. On the other hand a reciprocity treaty with the United
States probably means the ultimate annexation of Canada by that country
and the disappearance of the British flag from the New World. Lelus face
the possibilities frankly and fully. Canada's material and commercial in
terests apparently demand one of two things, either reciprocity with her great
territorial neighbor and all its consequences, including protection against
Germany's hostile, tariff s' and a possible change of flag, or preferential tariffs
with the mother country and similar protection at her hands against outside
commercial war. » '
Against all these possibilities and considerations the opponents of- Mr.
Chamberlain's policy of inquiry, for at present it is nothing more than this,
have nothing but a blind and so far unreasoned appeal to an ancient policy
of free imports, which thev tell us made England great. Is this policy in
deed the cause of England's greatness? It is. not proposed to attempt any
detailed reply to this question here, but it is one that must be definitely an
swered before the controversy can be closed. -
• Time Is Agamst^Free Trade.
¦ Let it suffice to point out that we live in a world- of change and that all
the conditions of fifty years ago, on which the apostles of free trade took
their stand, have absolutely disappeared. Not only are Cobden's promise*
hopelessly out of date, but all his prophecies>have been falsified and his argu
ments proved unsound by subsequent history. Our wheat'area has decreased
by more than one-half; we live largely on imported necessaries; no country
in the world has followed our free trade example, and highly protective
countries, like America and Germany, for example; presume to thrive and to
increase their commercial and industrial prosperity in spite of Cobdenitc
prophecies to the contrary. Our commercial supremacy is in fact already
taken from us. Many of our.home industries have been killed and some are
now dving or eking out a miserable, starved existence in consequence of high
tariffs "abroad and the swamping of the home markets by foreign goods that
are sold here below cost. It may be strongly urged that the onus of explain
ing away all these prophetic failures now lies on the shoulders of Cobden's
followers and the free trade school generally. '
Spaco will not here permit the consideration of possible , retaliatory tar
iffs, for her own protection, by Great Britain against the United States and
apart from Canada. But it must be borne in mind that this is part and par
cel of the same inquiry. Our great and increasing dependence on the United
States for breadstuffs and other necessaries of life has already been referred
to. Her command of the iron and steel trade, the effect of her hostile tariffs
en our production of glass and machinery, her almost absolute control of our
raw cotton supplies, on which at least .3,000,000 of our population depend for
a livelihood, and her increasingly active competition in all the neutral mar
kets of the world are further instances of her growing and aggressive influence
on our trades and manufactures.
Power, Trade arad Population.
Under all these circumstances do the free trade arguments of fifty years
ago still apply to the greatly changed conditions of to-day, or would we do
well to arm ourselves, to a certain extent at all events, like our comp'etitors,
and thus enter the commercial arena of the world along with them on some
thing like equal terms? These are the questions that require to be faced
and answered. TheBoard of Trade has issued a blue book, dated May, IQ02,
containing comparative statistics of the population, industry and commerce
of the United Kingdom and some leading : foreign countries, . including the
United States. These statistics are startling and instructive, fit is. however,
sufficient for our presenVpurpose to quote^in^ conclusion the following few
sentences from the summary of this carefully, prepared memorandum as an
apt and fitting comment on the situation: "The increase of population in
Germany and the United States." says the memorandum, "has recently been
greater than the increase in the-United Kingdom, and these _ countries have
rapidly developed manufacturing and industrial power. , As with ourselves so
with these countries/the set of population has been to the towns; necessarily
therefore there has been a more vigorous search than formerly for an outlet
for the power above referred to. * * * Their competition with us in neu
tral markets, and even in our home markets, will probably, unless we our
sches are active, become increasingly serious. Every year will add to their
acquired capital and skill, and they will have. larger and larger additions to
their populations to draw upon. It is necessary, therefore, more than ever,
that the change of conditions should be recognized, and we can scarcely ex
pect tV maintain our past undoubted pre-eminence at any rate without stren
uous effort. * * * The problem how this best can be done is of vital
interest to all classes of the industrial and commercial community."
tr*nn\'r'nrUt in tViA TTnit#»H r»f Amnrira hv T) T • Ptfrrp^
THE VICIORIES
OF PEACE
Creos4-/*rAxwj:isJs
O&z>£-/y Z/JT4//
"Ye may boast o' jrer dimocracy. or
iny ither cracy, or any kind o' polceti
*cal rubbish; but the reason why your
laboring folk are so happy is that ye
.have a vast deal o' land for a verra few
people." ~\
• These quaint words of Thomas Car
lyle were quoted to emphasize the ad
dress of George H. Maxwell, executive
chairman of the National Irrigation As
sociation, on "The Victories of Peace."
Mr. Maxwell planted his argument on
the ground that only a war fought for a
great principle could strengthen a na
tion, and that the greatest national
. problem in this country to-day is to
stop the congestion of our population
in cities and turn the tide back to the
* land. This he said would result from
carrying to its full fruition the great new national policy embodied in the na
tional irrigation act. In places which must otherwise remain waste and des
olate national irrigation will create homes on the land for countless millions
who would otherwise be homeless.
He stirred the congress with a strong and eloquent portrayal of what
could have been accomplished by the British in South Africa if the thou
sand million dollars which the. Boer war cost'had been used to build irri
gation works in that arid country and reclaim its deserts. . ..,
Development of the SotitH.
Our New South, he said, could have been born a generation ago if con
troversy could have been avoided, and the countless millions devoted to cre
ating death and destruction in the Civil War used to purchase freedom for
the slaves and build great engineering works of internal improvement to
control the power which could be electrically developed from the streams and
rivers of the South, and permanently rescue the submerged lands from
danger of inundation.
He made no criticism of our Philippine policy, but he asked the con
gress which was the greater national victory: -
To accomplish what we have done in the Philippines or to conquer
from the deserts a territory within our own borders capable of sustaining
a greater population than the whole United States has to-day?
He pointed out the dangers in the pathway of our new national policTt
but showed how they could be obviated by inflexibly adhering to the prin
ciple that not another acre of the public lands should ever be parted with
to any one but an actual settler who had built his home on the land and
lived on it and got his livelihood from it for the full term of five years Te
quired by the original homestead act and by uniting the ownership of land
and water. «
Instruments of Land Stealing.
He denounced the timber and stone act, the commutation clause of the
homestead act and the desert land act as mere instruments of fraud de
vised by ingenious minds for the purpose of despoiling the people of their
heritage in the public lands under the pretense, usually false and sham, of
the reclamation and settlement of the land. He made the startling state
ment that the locations of public lands now being made under these laws
aggregated in the neighborhood of twenty-five million acres a year and
were increasing at an appalling rate. He said that unless this raid on the
public lands was stopped, this generation would rue the day^ that it had
recklessly wasted the patrimony ofthe people of the nation in the public
domain.
"There is no other way." he said, "to etop these enormous abuses in
our public land system except to immediately repeal the desert land act.
the commutation clause of the homestead act and the timber and stone act.
The timber should be sold by the Government at reasonable rates to bona
fide manufacturers of lumber. It should not be wasted and thrown away to
mere speculators at $2 50 an acre as is being done under the present law.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office is authority for the striking
statement that the Government has disposed of timber worth over one
hundred and thirty million dollars for about thirteen million dollars, losing
over a hundred nnllion dollars by this shameful neglect and waste of our re
sources, and white fhis reckless looting of public property is going steadily
on, and each month increasing the loss of the Government, Congress lifts
no hard to stop it. and the raging forest fires annually sweep away millions
upon millions of dollars' worth of valuable Government timber because ade
quate funds were not available to stop the destruction."
TALKS TO PARENTS ON THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN
•¦¦*-¦ " ¦ ¦ -
>=g_ _ Sr^i HERE are so many things to be done and so many more
which should be avoided, it scarcely seems possible to
•"^l-iilr r« say w^ at are c most ' m P ortant requites of proper
training. However, a very careful consideration of the
matter has led to the conviction that the following requi-
Tc^)araffi> 8 >tes are of the greatest importance. Indeed, it may be
la k to assert that the parents who can comply with
all these, all the time, will have but little, if any, trouble
in the management of their children. ;
First Requisite. J -
Children arc creatures of imitation. The first years, spent largely with
their parents, is the period when their natures are susceptible, in the highest
degree, to all kinds of impressions. Therefore one all-important requisite
for the proper training of a child is that the parents furnish the child with a
good example. By the parents' precept and example the child is being
daily cast in a certain mold. The noble and the base are being stamped in
the character of the child, and will go with it through life and make or mar
it for time and for eternity.
While it may be said that this is the case with all examples which in
fluence the child, yet it is especially so with the parents' example; for in
delibly fixed in the child's nature is the belicf^that what its parents do is
right and best.
Wonder not, then, that in the child is seen reflected, as from a mirror,
the parents' peculiarities, be they good or be they evil. By look, by
thought, by word and by act, the parents .sow the seed in the susceptible
heart of the child; seed which will take root, spring up, bud, blossom and
bear appropriate fruit. How terrible this truth 1 With what care this re
sponsibility should lead parents to strive for the cultivation, in themselves,
of better habits.
Second Requisite.
For the welfare of the child, as well as for the happiness of the parents, it
is absolutely essential that a child learn to obey. Very early in life a child
discovers that outside of himself there is a force to which he must bend. Very
early he should learn that to this authority he must yield implicit obedience.
As a child grows older he discovers that not only in the mother or father,
but in the school and in society, as well, there is authority which he must
respect.
The child who has been taught to obey • his parents may. easily be
trained to do whatever the parents would have him do. A child who has
failed to learn the lesson of obedience has everything to learn. The parent
who can secure prompt, implicit obedience from a .child is not likely to
have any trouble in the management of that child. Since this is so it must
be acknowledged that one great requisite for the management of a child is
to secure the child's obedience. This is considered of such vital importance
that fuller treatment of the subiect will be given in a subsequent talk. At
that time the attempt will be made to show how obedience may easily be
secured.
On the part of the parents there is, too much disposition to criticize, and
*nn little thought a* to the examnle beiner eiven dailv and hourlv. Chil-
dren need more good models and less sharp critics. The- soil and the seed
are the parents', and so will be the harvest. Since the parents' precepts and
example so largely, determine the child's future happiness, what a grand
thing it would be if the child could select its parents. Too many parents
have given their children birth and nothing else.
Third Requisite.
Many parents arc heard to assert that they expect their youngest chil
dren to be controlled by correct principles. Though meaning well, such pa
rents make a grievous mistake. It is important that every parent should
clearly appreciate the truth and the importance of the statement that pTin
yciples are for adults and rules for children. The parent makes a serious mis
'take in striving to t^ain a child without the use of rules or other explicit di
rection. '
Even a young child quite early learns that certain are permitted,
while others are not. Such a child cannot understand the principles upon
which the facts depend, but such a child can be trained. to compliance with
demands when they are clearly understood. Children who quite early learn
to give compliance to fixed rules will have but little trouble in after years,
when they are compelled to bend to proper authority.
It must not be forgotten that upon the parents rests the responsibility
of fixing correct requirements. Subjection to rules of any kind will train
the child in habits of obedience, but will not train the child to be what he
should be, unless the rules themselves are based upon right. If they are not
S;o based, he will most likely give way to his impulses when he is freed
from the necessity of complying with the rules. The one great test of the
efficiency of any rule is the ease with which it may be done away with when
once it has been firmly established.' v \
Some will be disposed to say that the young child cannot be taught to
understand the meaning of a rule. Yet all careful observers know that
even a young child may be taught that he will not get what he cries for.
How many of us parents have failed to teach this to even our older chil
dren? Any child can exactly understand any rule before he can compre
hend principles underlying the establishment of the rule.
The child three or four years old who knows that certain punishments
are sure to follow the breaking of rules which the parents have made will not
even consider the violation of those rules. This fact was shown conclusively
in the writers' family within the past week. Edith, who is but three years
rAA tni/4 Umr r\\A*r KrntViprc that fill* wmiM tint 1«nv»~ fli* tahip hpfnri* sliP
was excused because if she did she would have to tit on a chair a lonjr
time. Very gradually a child will learn that the rules are founded upon
what is right, and thereafter, will be governed, in part, by the principle in
volved.
Fourth Requisite.
The fourth requisite to be mentioned is that of kindness. Every parent
worthy of the name wishes to be kind. Too few love their children wisely.
Still less fully realize the all-conquering power of kindness. Those who havo
had experience with criminals will testify to the truth of the statement that
the callous heart of the confirmed criminal, though it makes no answer to
severity or suffering, yet becomes soft as a child's tinder the influence of real
kindness, against which no human tfeart is proof. Can it be that the hard
ened tenant of the prison cell is easier to reach than the Innocent child, so
deeply sensitive to every impression?
The greatest power on earth for preventing the loss b! a child, or for
reclaiming the wayward is the parents love, especially the mother's love.
None save the parent who in agony has watched the life ebb and flow, and
then has barely saved or finally lost a precious child, can have any concep
tion of a true parent's warmest love. V..,*
Countless thousands of young men and women have felt that the re
membrance of a precious mother's tender sympathy and unchanging love
has kept them in the narrow path when all else would have been in vain.
¦Truly, a noble mother is the most precious of all — the greatest wonder
of the world, the grandest miracle on earth, the highest glory of angels in
heaven, the most perfect work of Almighty God.
Fifth Requisite.
While loving kindness, if shown wisely, will generally be inffident to
influence a child, every child must at times feel that back of the kindness
there is a firmness which must be considered. By firmness is not meant
brutality or harshness, or even unkindness. The child should feel that tho
hand laid upon him is controlled by the love and tenderness of the mother
and the strength and firmness of the father.
While the very .young child must meet with nothing but Idndnes*, yet,
very early, it can learn what is meant by the restraining look or act. In
the early years, until implicit obedience becomes habitual, the demand for
firmness will be most frequent.
As the child grows older the necessity for its use should decrease, so
that by the time the child has reached the age of 10 or 13, when the child
begins to fret under absolute demands, there should be but little need of
commands. V
Uniform treatment is another very important requisite of proper train
ing. How few recognize its importance! To^day the parents' example is
diametrically opposite to what it was yesterday. The act punished with se
verity then is passed unnoticed now. At one time overwhelmed with kind
ness; at another crushed by firmness which amounts to positive cruelty,
if not brutality. To-day, petting; to-morrow, scolding. Yesterday, threats;
to-day, bribes. Under such fitful management is it to be wondered at that
"the, child is trained to no fixed principles of action? On the contrary, it is
but natural that the child's conduct comes to be determined by the mood of
the parent, rather than by the conviction of what is right. Very soon the
child learns to calculate chances and develop a wonderful ability to take
every advantage of government by spasms.weight on tne desk uncomfortably.
"Why should I resign?" demanded the
old conductor, angrily. "Resign?" He
rose from his chair. Ton know Vm a
thief. You're a thief yourself. You
helped make me one. I've carried more
men for you than for anybody else on the
whole division. I don't resign for any
body. Discharge me, damn you. I don't
ask any odds of you."
Haverly met It sullenly, yet he didn't
dare do anything. He knew Dave could
ruin him any day he chose to open hij
mouth. What he did not know was that
Dave Hawk was molded In a class of men
different from, his own. Every dishonor
was safe In the hands of Dave Hawk.
There was no- change after except that,
darker, moodier, lonelier than ever, Dave
Ihe words on the reverse, "For Valor,"
and looked again at me.
"Where'd you get this?" he asked. In
dicating the Victoria.
"In the Soudan, sir."
Dave Hawk kept right on looking out
the window. Neither my conductor nor
the operator seemed to know Just what
the row was. Nobody spoke.
"What are you doing here?" Rocksby
went on.
"I came out to learn the cattle busi
ness." His brows went up easy like.
"Then I went bad with mountain fever,"
and he looked decent at me.
"You say you had your head out the
cupola and saw the white signal?" he
asked, sort of puzzled.
"I saw the white signal." Rocksby
his face till It lett oniy his straight cold
nose and a dash of olive white under the
eyes. His whiskers loomed high as a
Cossack's and his eyes were onyx, with
Just such a glitter. He knew it was no
better than murder to put me off in that
storm at a mountain siding. I- knew It; '
but I didn't much care, for I knew be-
arm. He walked unconcernedly down tha
aisle, and X dropped exhausted Into the
front seat facing the Baker heater. , It
was heavenly hot; red hot X have loved
a car heater ever since, and Baker, to me.
Is hardly lower than the angels. My togs
began to steam, my blood began to flow.
The train boy gave me a wormy apple, an
with took and a hot stomach. "Good, ain't
itr t.y>;
"Smallest you got?"
I nodded as if I had a pocketful. Re
hustled around and came back with a
handful of money. I said - nothing, but
when he spread It out before me I aat
paralysed. I had just assumed that Dave
pleased and cared for no one; no superior
had any terror for Dave. He had a wife
somewhere back east of the river, they
said, that had sold him out— that's why
he was In the mountains— and he lived
among the free-and-easy men a lonely
life. If anybody ever got close to him X
think maybe I did. though I was still
only a freight conductor when the light
ning struck the division. r V;C
It came with a dean sweep through the
general offices at the river. ¦ Everybody in
the auditing department, the executive
heads down to' general manager and a
whole raft of East End conductors. It
was a shake-out from top to bottom, and
the bloods on our division went white
and sickly very fast.
Of course it was somebody's gain. When
He scowled a minute over Plncon's
¦crawl, laid it down and gratified his curl
cclty by picking up the medal. He stud
led the face of the token, looked curious
ly at the dingy ribbon, twirled It, saw
It came calm as sunshine and cold as a
northwester from the passenger conduc
tor behind me, from Dave Hawk, and It
pulled me into line like a bugle call. I
felt my English all back at once. Every
body beard him and looked my way;
again it was up to me. This time I was
ready for the superintendent, or, for that
matter, for the blooming mountain divis
ion. I had forgot all about my papers
till Dave Hawk epoke. I put my hand,
shaking. Into my inside vest pocket for
a piece of oilskin— it was all I had left;
I was a good way from my base that
year. I laid the oilskin on the superin
tendent's table, unfolded It Jealously and
took out a medal and a letter that. In
rplte of the carefulest wrapping, was
creased and sweated. But the letter was
from my captain, and the bit of bronze
ties the Cross. Rocksby picked up the let
ter and read It.
"Have you been in the British army?"
be asked curtly.
"Yes. sir." -".';-,.'•*.¦''.
What could I cay? There were men who
£id know me. but they were a long cry
from the Rocky Mountains and the head
quarters of the mountain division. I
glanced about me from his face, gray as
alkali, to Allbers, shuffling on the carpet.
esd to Morrison, es steady as a success
ful liar, taking ray Job and my reputa
tion et one swallow, and to the passenger
conductor with the glossy black whiskers;
but he was looking out the window.
"What <3o I know about your word of
honor T' repeated Rocksby sharply. "All
fcers, take your man and get your time."
A wave of helpless rage swept over me.
The only thing I could think of was
strangling the lying operator In the hall.
Then somebody spoke. "Show your pa
pers, you damn fool."
"Mr. Rocksby," I protested, speaking up
to the division boss in a clean funk— the
prospect of losing my Job that way,
through a lying operator, took the heart
clean out of me— "you don't know me. It
la true, but I pledge you my word of
honor "
"What's your word of honor?" asked the
superintendent, cutt'.r.s Into me like a
hatchet. "I don't know any more about
your word of honor than I do about you."
I stood beadinz in a cold sweat, for I
could ece with half an eye it was going
egalnst us. The superintendent, an up
and up railroad man every inch and all
business, but suspicious, was leaning the
operator's way the Ftrongest kind.
There wasn't another soul in the little
room as the three of us stood before the
Fupcrintendent's dcEk except a passenger
conductor, who 6at behind me with his
feet on the window ledge, looking out into
the yard.
"Morrison's record In this office Is
clean," the superintendent was saying of
the operator, who was doing us smooth as
tmokeless powder. "He has never to my
knowledge lied In an investigation. But,
Allbers," continued the superintendent,
tpeaklng bluntly to my conductor, "you've
never told a straight story about that
Rat River switch matter yet. This man
Is a rew man," he added, throwing a hard
look at me. "Ordinarily I'd be inclined to
take the word of two men acainst one,
but I don't knetv one at all and the other
has done me ence. I can't see anything
for It but to take Morrison's word and let
you fellows both out. There wasn't any
wreck, but that's not your fault — not for
& minute."
{Copyright, 1903, by F. H. Spearman.;
Ra«K!BBr£*=S7' NEVER found It hard
1 i VjfS'TrT^^ii ?i t0 crt 5rito troub:e - As
H^ (/ t|Ku5v^ izr ''" acK as I can re "
n ti'^M^'-15' n>n-.ber that has come
y /v^2^@ "V*o^ dead easy far me.
!*?ra ' iS sA>'^ When this happened I
fl /j^eg^jjfca j?^ I hadn't been railroading
r —^— 1— "—&¦ — : | for a month, and I was
uj> with rsj* conductor on the carpet,
sweating from sheer progginess and ex
citement. The Job cf front-end brake
man on a mountain division is no great
etake for a man ordinarily, but It was
on« for me Just then. We knew when
Wo went Into the superintendent's office
that somebody was to get fired; the only
question was who — the train crew or the
operator? Our engine crew were out of
it; it was up to the conductor and to me.
Had the operator displayed red signals?
The conductor sa:d no. I said no. the oper
ator eaid yee, but he lied. We couldn't
pi eve it; we could enly put our word
egalnst his; and. what made it the worse
for me. my conductor was something of
a liar himself.
I turned, snarling then, crazy as a wolf
all in a second, and somehow backed the
brakeman against the water cooler with
his windpipe twisted in my bony fingers
like a corkscrew. The train was moving
out. I had been cuffed and kicked until I
would rather kill somebody than not; this
seemed a fair chance for a homicide.
When tho poor fellow's wind went off— he
wasn't much of a scrapper, I fancy — he
whipped around in the aisle like a dying
rooster. As he struggled in my grip there
behind him in the doorway stood Dave,
lantern in hand, looking on with a new
face. This time he was smiling— Dave's
smile meant Just the parting of his lips
over a row of glistening teeth, perfectly
even teeth, and under his black mustache
whiter than any Ivory. It appeared to
amuse him to see me killing the brake
man. The Instant I saw Dave I let go
and he watched the crestfallen' trainman
pull himself together.
"Guess you'll let him alone now, won't
you?" said Dave pleasantly to my rattled
assailant. "Sit down," he growled harsh
ly at me, stringing his lantern on his
How it galvanized me. For twenty-four
hours I hadn't eaten. I was just out of a
hospital bed and ilx weeks of mountain
fever, but I braced at his words like a
Sioux buck. I hurried back ahead of him
to the smoking car, drenched wet, and
tough, I know. I looked so tough that the
brakeman grabbed me the .minute I
opened the front door and tried to kick
me out. *
fore very long I should fall off, anyway.
After I crawled down he stood looking
at me, and with nothing Getter on I stood
looking at him. .
"If you get up there again I'll break
your neck," he promised, holding up his
l8ntern.
I was quiet; the nerve was out of me.
"Where are you going?" he asked
filiort' v
"Medicine Ben
"Get into the smoker, you damn fool."
"We're getting into the Bend," he said
gruffiy. "Got any money for breakfast?"
"I haven't a cent on God's earth." He
put his hand in his pocket and pulling out
a handful of loose bills shoved one Into
my finders. ' "I'll take it from you and
gladly." I said, sitting up. "But I'm not a
beggar nor a tramp."
"Off tr.-.ck?"
"Yes. I'm going to enlist "
His teeth flashed. "That's worse than
railroading, ain't it?"
Something came into my head like a
rocket.
"If I could get started railroading "
"Get started easy enough."
That's how I happened to show him my
Victoria. He gave me a card to the train
master, and next day I went to braking
for Allbers, who, by the way, was the
biggeBt liar I ever knew.
But the morning I got into Medicine
Bend that first time on No. 1 I had an
other scare. I went into the lunch room
for coffee and sandwiches and threw my
bill at the boy. He opened it, looked at
it and looked at me.
"Well." I growled, for I^as impudent
Irishman with a bottle of rank whisky
gave me a stinger and I wanted to live
again. I curled up on the seat and In five
minutes I was roasting, oh, such a hea
enly roast; and dozing. Lord! what a
heavenly dote, before that Baker heater.
All night the forward truck beat and
pounded, under me: all night I woke and
slept In the steaming, stinking air of the
hot car. And whenever I opened my
eyes I saw always the same thing, a top
ping tall conductor looming In the aisle,
his green-hooded lamp, like a semaphore,
under his arm. And above, In the gloom,
a bush of black beard and a pair of deep
set, shining eyes back under a peaked
cap. Dave often comes back as I saw
him, waking and dreaming, that night in
the smoker of No. 1.
It was breaking day when he bent over
the heads of our passenger conductor
began to drop they began setting up
freight men. Rocksby had resigned a
year earlier, and Haverly, bis successor,
an ex-dispatcher, and as big a knave as
there was on the payroll, let the men out
right and left with the sole Idea of sav
ing his own scalp. By the time I was up
to a passenger train the old force was
pretty much cleared out except Dave.
Every day almost we looked to see him
go. Everybody loved him because ho was
a master railroad man. and everybody ex
cept Dave himself was apprehensive
about his future. He moved on Just the
same, calm and cold as Ice water, taking
the same old chances, reckless of every
thing and everybody. I never knew till
afterward, but the truth was Haverly.
with all his bluff talk, was Just enough
afraid of Dave Hawk to want to let him
alone. The matter, mough, focused one
day up In the old office In an unexpected
way.
Haverly's own Beat got to hot that, be
deviled by his fear of losing it. and afraid
to discharge Dave who now sailed up and
down the line reckless as any plrats of
the Spanish Main, he cowered, called
Dave Into the little room at th» Wicki
up and asked him to resign. In all tha
storm that raged on the division the
o'.d conductor alone had remained calm.
Cvery day It was somebody's head off.
every night a new alarm. Day* alone lx
nored It all. He wu through It all tha
shining mark, the daredevil target, yet
he bore a charmed, life and survived
every last associate. Then Haverly aak
ed him to resign. Dave, bitter angry,
faced him with blade words In hi» throat.
"It's come to a showdown/' muttered
the superintendent uneasily, attar a min
ute's talking. "Do you want to resljrnr*
Dave eyed the mountains coldly. "Not"
"You'll have to—"
"Have to?" Hawk whirled dark aa a
storm. "Have to? "Woo says moV
The superintendent shifted the paper
It was a queer deal out on the West End
In those days. It was a case of wide
open from the river to the Rockies.
Everybody on the line, from the directors
to the car tinks, were giving the com
pany the worst of It. The section hands
hooked the ties for the maintenance, the
painters drank the alcohol for the shel
lac, the purchasing agent had more fast
horses than we had locomotives, and
what made It discouraging for the con
ductors, the auditors stole what llttla
money the boys did turn In.
A hard place to begin railroading, the
old line was then; but that's where I had
to tackle the game, and in all the hard
crowd I mixed with Dave Hawk was the
only man on the division. There were
others there who fixed the thing ap by
comparing notes on their collections and
turning In percentages to make their re
ports look right; but Dave was not a con
spirator — never made a confidant of any
man In his stealing or his spending, and
despised their figuring. He did as he
"Noy he repeated, putting by my hand;
his face set hard, and when Dave's face
did set It set stony. "Put up your money;
you don't owe me anything. I stole It."
That change kept me running 1 for a
month, and after my first pay day I
hunted up Dave to pay him back. I
found him in the evening. He was sitting
alone on the eating nous© porch, hla feet
up against the rail, looking at the moun
tains in the Bunset
"Never mind," he said, as I held out a
$20-blll and tried to speak my little piece.
He did not move except to wav« back my
hand.
"Oh, but I can't let you do that," I pro
tested.
"Put up your money, Tonunle." He
called me Tommle.
had given me & dollar. Sinkers, deduct
ing the price qt two coffees and six sand
wiches from the bill, counted out 519 30 for
this life it isn't mostly in the face, after
all? I couldn't say anything. I was
shaking in a chill as I pulled myself to
gether and climbed down Into the storm.
Yet I never saw a face harder in some
ways than Dave Hawk's. His visor hid
his forehead and a black beard covered
looked at the operator. Morrison.
"We'll adjourn this thing." said he at
last, "tf.1 I look Into it a little further.
For the present, go back to your runs."
We never heard any more of it. Albers
got out quick. I waited to pick up my
stuff and 'turned to thank Dave Hawk.
He was gone.
• • •
It wasn't the first time Dave had pulled
me out of the water. About two weeks
before that I had crawled one night up
on the front platform of the baggage at
Peace River to steal a ride to Medicine
Bend on No. 1. It was Dave's train. I
had been kicked out of the McCloud hos
pital two days before without a cent or
a friend on earth outside of the old coun
try. and 1 I hadn't mind to bother the
folks at homo any more, come Conan or
the devil.
The night was bitter bad, black as a
Fuzzy, and sleeting out of the foothills
like manslaughter. When the train
stopped at Rosebud for water, what with
gripping the icy hand rail and trying to
keep my teeth steady on my knees I must
have been a hard sight. Just as the train
¦was ready to pull out Dave came by and
poked his lantern full in my face.
He was an older man than I, a good
bit older, for I was hardly more than a
kid then, only spindling tall, and so thin
I couldn't tell a stomachache from a
backache. As I fat huddled down on the
Ice step, with my cap pulled over my
head and ears, he poked his light full
into my face and snapped, "Get out!"
If It had been a headlight I couldn't
have been worse scared, and I found aft
erward he carried the brightest lamp on
the division. 1 looked up into his face
THE SUNDAY CAIiI*
THE TRAINMASTER'S STORY
12
This is the second of Frank H. Spearman's
thrilling two-page railroad stories, the best
ever written. If you read this you certainly
___
NIGHTMANS
STORY
NEXT SUNDAYIMeantime Dave hung to his run. Some
how the old run had grown a part of him
and he couldn't give it up. When he told
The matter was noised. It was known
that Dave, admittedly tho bralnest and
most capable of the Old Guard, had been
singled out, regardless of his past record,
for promotion.
"I'm not here sitting In Judgment on
what was done last year," Bucks had
said, plainly. "It's what la dona this
year and next that will count In this
office."
And the conductors, thinking there was
a chance, believing that at last If they
did tholr work right they would get their
share of the promotions, began to carry
their lanterns as If they had more im
portant business than holding up stray
fares.
Dave left tho office groggy. The best
Bucks could do he couldn't get a positive
answer out of him. He was overcome and
couldn't focus on the proposition. Bucks
saw how he had gone to pieces and man
aged diplomatically to leave tho matter
open, Callahan, whom Bucks had brought
with him as assistant, filling ln mean
while as trainmaster.
up your coat here the first of tha month
and take the train crews."
He's oft. You oagHttoTalkid him, Tom
mie. You're the only man on the division
can do It"
I was ordered west that night to bring
a military special from Washakie. I rode
up on Dave's train. The hind Los Angeles
sleeper was loaded light and when Dave
had worked the train and walked into the
stateroom to sort his collections I fol
lowed him. We sat half an hour undis
turbed, but he wouldn't talk. It was a
heavy train and the wind was high.
Wo made Rat River at midnight and. I
was still sitting -alone ln tho open state
room when Z saw Dave's green light com
ing down tha darkened aisle. He walked
ln, put his lamp on the floor, sat down
and threw his feet on th« cushions.
"How's Tommie to-night?" ha asked,
leaning back as If he hadn't seen me be
fore In his old teasing- way. He played
He shifted; and It' wasn't nee him to
Bhift
"I'm going to quit the "West End."
"Quit? What do you mean? You're not
going to throw over this trainmaster of
fer?"
"I'm going to quit What's the use?"
he went on slowly. "How can I take
charge of conductors, talk to conductors?
How can I discharge a conductor for
stealing when he knows I'm a thief my
self? They know It; Bucks knows It
There's no place among men for a thief."
"Dave, you take It too hard; everything
fan wide open here. You're the best rail
road man on tHls division; everybody, old
and new, admit* that."
"I ought to be a railroad man. I held
down a division on the Panhandle when I
was 80 years old."
"Were you a railroad superintendent
him from rlgnting his trucks wnen the
chance Is offered. I say, a man's bound
to do It If you won't do it here, choose
your place and I'll go with you. This Is a
big country Dave. Hang It, I'll go any
where. You ara my partner, aren't you?"
He bent to pick up his lantern. "Tom
mie, you're a great boy."
"Well, I mean It" He looked at his
watch; I pulled mine; It was 1 o'clock.
"Better go to sleep, Tommie." I looked
up into his .{ace 'as ho rose. Ho looked
for an Instant steadily Into mine. "Go
to bed, Tommie," he smiled"; pulling; down
his visor and turning, he walked slowly
forward. I | threw myself on the couch
and drew my cap over my eyes. Tho first
thing I felt was a hand on my shoulder.
Then I realized I uad been asleep and
that the train was standing still. A man
was bending over me, lantern ln hand. ' It
It was over. The front lamps were out
and tha car smoking bluish. A cowboy
hung pitched head and arms down over
the heater seat In the middle- of tho
car Henry Cavanaugh, crouching ln tha
aisle, held ln his arms Dave Hawk. At
tha dark front end of tha coach I saw
the outline of a man sprawled on his face
ln tha aisle. The news agent crawled out
from under a eeat It must hare been
short and horribly sharp.
They., had flagged tha train east of
Bear Dance. Two men boarded tho front
platform of the smoker and one tha rear.
But the two ln front opened the smoker
door just as Dave was hurrying forward
to Investigate the stop. He was no man
to ask Questions. He saw the masks and
covered them Instantly. Dava Hawk
any time and anywhere was a dead shot
Without a word ha opened on tha for
ward robbers.
A game cowboy back of him pulled a
gun and cut Into It, and was the first to
go down, wounded. But the train boy
said Hawk himself had dropped the two
bead men almost immediately after tho
the San Francisco cars ana tho Port
land I ran without meeting a living soul;
but the silence was ominous. When I
caught a glimpse of the Inside of tha
chair car I saw tho ferment Women
were screaming and praying and men
were burrowing under the footrests.
"They've killed everybody ln the smoker"
shouted a traveling man, grabbing me.
"Damnation, make way, won't you!" I
exclaimed, pushing away from him
through the mob. At tha forward door,
taking me for ono of the train robbers,
there was another panic Passengers
from tha smoker were Jammed together
thera like sardines. I had to pilo them
bodily across the seats to get through and
Into the forward car.
Of course, we have not any such amount
of tho human element in our landscapes
as Europe has. Italy has been building
for a thousand years— California for fifty.
The only traces of people hero before tho
middle of the last century lie in the
adobes, and these have to be hunted for.
The painter usually wants a touch of tha
human ln a picture. He finds this ln tho
countries that aro old, where ruined
buildings aro scattered everywhere; but,
although we have so little, what there Is
cannot be excelled for romantic associa
tion, and ln tlmo we shall have more.
Leaving out tho human element, tho
purely pastoral Is unexcelled in any way.
The brown stretches of our summers have
a tonality that one misses everywhere
else. Tho green of tho East Is hard and
merciless. Tho brown slopes and tho oc
casional relief of tho rich green of a tree
axe perfect
If one goes back into tha mountains ha
will find tha changing autumn colors, too.
that aro ono of the artist's greatest de
lights. Not tho first and most brilliant
colors, but the russets of tha later pe
riod are the most beautiful.
Near at hand there Is a wealth of ma
terial In the vicinity of Tamalpals. Tho
Marln County pictures are a delight
There Is always the mountain for a
glimpse in tha background.
Near, too. are the marshes. The tules
hold fascination for the brush.
For grandeur nothing can compare ln
tho world, I believe, with tho "immense"
scenery in the State; but I do not believe
that this has any place on canvas. It
cannot even be suggested in any way to
do Justice to Its grandeur. A canvas Is
too small. So the artist will do well to
stay nearer the coast For that matter,
he need not leave San Francisco for In
spiration. Any day he will find Italy at
our own Fishermen's wharT. And Italy
Is what he has been sighing tor.
If the finding of subjects to paint wero
tho only consideration thero would bo no
reason why a painter should ever leavo
here. The reason for his going away some
times Is another matter altogether. Ha
must come ln touch with other minds,
must seek tho criticism of bigger men
than he Is If ha Is to grow. The art cen
ters ara ln Europe. But nowhere ln
Europe will ho find better themes for his
canvas than hero ln our own State and
tho wanderer returns to try California
scenes again from a newly acquired point
of view. He ought to bo able to do mora
Justice to tho wealth of material hero aft
er every Jog that ho makes Into tho busier
world of competition. He ought to bo abla
to bring back something new ln return
/tor that which ho took away. He has
somo experience to offer ln payment for
tho poetry which tho great State's moun
tains and brown Blopes and blue waters
planted In him. London and Paris may
open his eyes to phases of art which ho
never dreamed of before, but ho will
search all Europe over for any of Nature's
pictures that surpass thoso of our West
ern State. They are not to be found. Wa
have right here at home, at least within
tho boundary of tho State, all that tho
landscape artist could want for a life
time of work. The man who waits to
paint until he can have more worthy
themes will never paint at alL
Our artists seem to havo approciated
their privileges. They aro loyal to Cali
fornia and they have done somo wonder
ful work ln reproducing her many moods.
Look at what Keith has done ln our very
near neighborhood where tho oaks grow.
Look at the old Spanish llfo that has
taken hold of Charlie Peters' Imagination
with such beautiful results. McComas Is
interpreting the strango and mystical
trees of Monterey ln a way all his own
and full of Inspiration. In fact, tho whola
Monterey colony of artists havo proved,
by settling there, that they appreciate
the treasures near at hand.
Well they may, for out of all tho
treasure stores of the State, I doubt If
there Is any locality to vie with Monterey.
In the first place, there Is the beach and
water to be reveled In by any one who
has the least touch of poetry In his make
up. It is a good deal like Italy. The Call.
fornla water Is not so blue as that of tho
Mediterranean, it has not the peculiar
composition to give It Just that color, but
It has wonderful beauty. Tho reddish
rocks are similar to those In Europe.
Turn ln another direction and you find
the fascinating trees, gnaried and twisted
and fantastic. It takes a very slight
stretch of the imagination to see weird
spirits abiding in and possessing them.
Turn again, and you find the relics of
the old Spanish life, full of color and
brilliancy and romance by tradition. Tha
least glimpse of one of these relics, a
crumbling adobe cottage even, will call
up a train of pictures of fandangos, and
guitars, and beautiful women and daring
cabelleros. These Spanish traditions aro
the only ones that our young State pos
sesses as yet, except those scant ones be
longing to the Indian tribes, and perhaps
they mean tho more to us for that very
reason. Wo should cling to the vestiges
left of that life, not letting them dlaap
pear as they are beginning to do. Restor
ation In a moderate way Is what they
need. Thero Is such a thins as restor
ing too much. It takes some ago and tha
signs thereof to soften a building Into It3
most picturesque beauty.
By Ernest Pelxotto.
CALIFORNIA A
PARADISE
FOR ARTISTS.
A queer fhadow went over Dave's face.
"When Bucks began he was getting s
thunderstorm on. Somehow the way It
ended, the way it was coming about
putting me Into his place— I. the only boy
" on the division he cared "a damn" about—
It struck him. as it struck me. all In a
heap. He couldn't eay a word; his eyes
went out the window Into the mountains;
Something in it looked like fate. For
xny part I felt murder guilty.
"What I want you to do, Dave." added
Bucks evenly, "Is to come into the of
fice here with me and look after the train
. crews. Just at present I've got to lean
j considerably on a trainmaster. Do you
' want the Job?"
The Ellen t conductor turned to stone.
"The men who own tho road are new
'men. Dave; they didn't steal It. They
bought and paid for it. They want a new
deal and they propose to give tho new
deal to the men. They will pay salaries
» man can live on honestly; they will give
no excuse for knocking down; they want
what's comir.g to them, end they propose
the men shall have their right share of
It In the pay checks.
••But there's more than that In It They
want to build up tho operating fore© as
fast ss It can be buIlt ir P m tht meQ ln
the ranks. I aim to make' a start now on
this division. If you're with me. hang
run "
"I sues* that's right enough," he re
plied rar.dldly: "there is room for a
whole lot cf Improvement. If I sat where
you do I'd fire every man that stood in
the way of It too."
"That's why I've sent for you." Bucks
resumed.
"Then drop the Chinook talk and give
me my time."
"You don't understand me yet. Dave. I
want you to give up your. run. I want
your friend Burnes hero to take your
He nnd Bucks met I couldn't for the
life cf me help thinking when they struck
hands, this grizzled mountaineer and this
contained, strong, soldierly executive who
had come to command us, of another
meeting I once saw when I carried Crook
out on a special ar.d watched him •* Erar
Dance strike hands with the lav 1 the
big fighting chiefs of the mout>r» :; rfioux.
For three months Bucks sat his new
saddle without a word or an act to show
what he was thinking; then there came
from the little room a general order that
swept right and left from train master to
wrecking boss. The last one of the old
timers in the operating department went
except Dav* Hawk.
The day the order was bulletined Bucks
pent for Dave; sent word by me he wanted
to see him.
"Come or." raid Dave to me when I
Cave him the message.
"What do ycu want me fcr?"
1 "Come on." he repeated, and. greatly
against my inclination, I went up with
> him I looked for a scene.
I "Dave, you've been running here a good
[while, haven't you?" Burks began.
"Long as anybody, I guess," said Dave,
curtly. *
"Hcv.- many years?"
•'Nineteen."
"There's Lecn some pretty lively shake
outs en the system lately." continued
Bucks. The veteran conductor looked at
him co:d'y. "I am trying to 6hape things
here for en entire new deal."
"Don't let me etand in your way," re
turned Dave, grimly.
"That's what I want to s?e you about
"It needn't take long." blurted Dave.
"Then I'll tell you what I want "
"I don't resign. You can discharge me
er.y minute."
"I wouldn't atk any man to res'gn.
Dave, if I wanted to discharge him. Don't
rnekf- a mistake like that. I suppuse you
will admit there's room for Improvement
In the running cl this division?"
Dave never twitched. "A whole lot of
Improvement." Bucks, with perceptible
emphasis, added. It came. from the new
Buperinttndent as a sort of gauntlet, and
Dave ricked It up.
Cloved a.lcrg on his runs, the last of tho
Old Guard. Better railroad man than he
never took a train out of division. Stress
of wind or stress of weather, storm, flood
or blockade, Dave Hawk's train came and
went on tlra*. or very close. So he rode,
erica old privateer, with his letters of
znarQue, on the company's strong box,
and Haverly trembled night and day. till
that day came that fear had foretold to
him. A clap of thunder struck the Wick
iup and Haverly's head fell low, and Dave
Hawk sailed boldly on.
I was extra passenger man when John
Btanley Bucks took the West End. Ho
came from south of our country, and wo
heard great things about the new super
intendent and about what would happen
as Boon as he got Into tha saddle. What
few of the old men In tho Wickiup were
left looked at Bucks Just once and began
to arrange their temporal affairs. His
appearance bore out his reputation. Only
everybody, while pretty clear In his own
mind as to what he would do — that is. as
to what he would have to do— wondered
what Dave would do.
Bucks at tha end of the week that ha
would like another week to make his de
cision tho superintendent waved It to him.
Everybody began to make greet things of
Dave; some of the boys called him train
master and told him to drop his punch
and give Tommie a show.
He dJdn't take the humor the way one
would expect. Always silent he grew
more than that, somber and dejected. We
never saw a smile on hjs face. "Dave is
off." muttered Henry Cavanaujrh. his old
I.ai7gagcma.n. "I don't understand It
light heart sometimes j but It wu no more
than piayea, that was easy seeing..
"How's Dav«?" Ho turned, pulled tho
window shade and looked out Thero was
a moon and the night was bright, only
windy.
"What are you going to do with Bucks.
Dave?" .
"Do you want my punch. Tommie?"
"You know bettor ¦ than that, don't
you?" J
"I guess so."
"You're blue to-night What's the mat
ter?"
at 80r
"I was a trainmaster at 27. Tm 4f now,
and a thief. Tho woman that ditched mo
is dead: the man eh© ran away with Is
dead; my baby Is dead long ago." He was
looking out, as he spoke, on the flying
desert, ashen in the moonlight In tha
car the passengers were hard asleep, and
we heard only the slew of the straining
flanges and the muffled beat of the heavy
truck under us.
"There's no law on earth that will keep
a man from leaving tho track onco In a
while," I argued. "There's none to keep
was the porter.
"What's wronsr* I exclaimed.
"There's trouble up ahead. Mr. Burnes/
he exclaimed huskily. I sprang to my
feet
"Have you tot your pistol?" ho sput
tered.
Somebody came running down tho alslo
and the porter dodged like a hare behind
ma. It was tha hind-end brakeman. but
he was so scared ho could not speak.
I hurried forward.
Through the head Twos Angeles sleeper.
I hold him not up for a model, neither
do I story In hla wickedness. When I
w&a friendless he wu my friend. Hla
¦tory la told.
Thief, If you please. I don't know. Wa
needn't quarrel about tho word he brand
ed himself with. Yet a trust of money, of
friendship, of duty, were safer far In
Dave Hawk's han£3 than In the hands of
abler financiers.
"When I reached Dave ha lay In tha bag
gageman's arms. We threw the carrion
Into tha baggage car and carried the
cowboy and the conductor back Into the
forward sleeper. I gave the so-ahead or
ders and hurried again to the side of tha
last of tha 0!d Guard. Once ha opened his
eyes, wandering stonily, but ho never
heard me, never knew me. never spoke.
As his train went that morning Into divi
sion he went with It When we stopped
his face was cold. It waj up to the Grand
Master.
A game man always, ho wa* never a
cruel one. He called himself a thief. Ho
never hesitated, with the other men. high
and lew, to loot tha company. Tha big
looters were financiers. Dave was only a
thief, yet save his life for tho very law
he trampled under foot.
firing began, and stood freehanded when
the man from the rear platform put a
Winchester against his back. Even then,
with a hole clean through him. ho had
whirled and fired again. We found tha
man's blood on the platform In the morn
ing, but. whoever ho was, ho got to the
horses and sot away.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
This is tho second of Frank H. Spearman's
thrilling two-page railroad stories, the best
ever 'written. If you read this you certainly
¦won't miss- i i i : i ! !'\ !:, ! i i :
THE
NIGHTMAN'S
STORY
NEXT SUNDAYbands had been killed In the Yellow
Jacket mine, received a gift of five hun
dred dollars each from an unknown
source.
v/
/\Mackay's wit was quick and occasion
ally scathing. After an absence of sev
eral years in Arizona, I visited San Fran
cisco. In the Palace Hotel court Mackay
accosted me saying Jestingly, "Now that
you have got rich in Arizona (alas! this
was not true), I suppose that you won't
speak to your old friends any more?"
I replied, humoring his Jest, "Well, John,
we millionaires can hardly be civil to a
poor man without his trying to borrow
money of us. I'll speak to you, of course,
but don't you take advantage of It to try
and negotiate a loan." Just**- then C.
P. Huntington, who was visiting San
Francitco on one of his annual tours,
crossed the. hot el oflice and accosted me.
We shook hands, and I, noticing that
Mackay and Hunting ton did not speak to
ent of a leading mine, each man was al
lowed to use any means that he might
devise to stimulate his grasshopper. The
professor was so full of his scheme to
scientifically capture the thousand-dollar
pool— for there were ten entries— that he
communicated it to a young ossayer,
who was not a grasshopper plunger. The
professor had experimented^ and ascer
tained that a grasshopper who wa?
touched by a feather dipped in a weak
solution of aqua ammonia would jump for
his life. The young man also experiment
ed, and as a result he filled a bottle of
the same size and appearance with cya
nide of potassium and managed to sub
stitute it for the other in the professor's
laboratory. The next day when the pro
fessor, after much boasting about hla
scientific attainments, dipped a feather in
the fcubstituted bottle ana touched his
insect with It the grasshopper rolled over
as dead as a salt mackerel amid the roars
of the crowd. Mackay's hopper won the
big pool, and two widows, whose hus-
"The Grasshopper Rolled Over as Dead as a .Salt Mackerel."
Largest Kitchen in th.8 World
In the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, New
York, there are fourteen chefs— not mere
scullions, but graduated chefs— "dlplome,"
as the French say. There are eleven more
Just to make sauces, and ten to do noth
ing but fry things. It takes twenty-eight
men to make the soups and cook the vege
tables, and twenty more for icecreams
and pastry. All told, there are 131 men
down in that- big kitchen, of whom seven
do nothing but cook M eals for the other
174.
This big kitchen where they wort
covers 30,000 square feet of space. In It are
two immense ranges, each containing
eighteen separate nres. Five men con
stantly tend them, dorn* nothing else.
These ranges take up 2000 square foet.
Then there are six b!g game broilers, a
big steel oven with four compartments,
three bake ovens and a pastry oven, stx
giant copper caldrons for the vegetables.
six steel broilers for meats, fifteen cof
fee urr.s and dozens of tables, heaters and
chopping blocks.
Bach department is separate la this b!»
kitchen. One cordon bleu chef watches
over all. Instead of standing near a red
hot stove, % he sits at a desk, and never
goes near an oven or a broiler. The roast
cooks never bother with pastry; the Ice*
cream men never look at a vegetable.
The soup men would turn up thstr nosea
at a salad mixer, and the saucemakars
grow stern at the thought of opening
oysters.
This great kitchen can serve fTOO pas*.
sons for each meal and never get fluster*
ed. This is the 'high-water mark. Ytt
It could turn out much more without get
ting upset. It can cook soup . for COCO,
coffee for 6000. roasts tor 4000. salad fa*
1200. 4000 loaves of bread, 275 gallons of loe
cream, 2100 dozen oysters, gams for Hvtj
and other things for a brigade.
The next fall tho manager' of the Eu
reka Cattle Company ranch v.-rote to his
old friend. "I hav« kept up all expenses
so far from the pale of steers and the
cattle have Increased nearly one-third,
but I need a lot of ca^h to pay taxes and
put In more pipe, and betf on tiie hoof
has gone down. I think it not best to
pell any more at going prices, and maybe
you had better send me the money neeJ
i-d." By return mall the manager re
ceived a letter from Mackay saying, "I
am not lending money to old Idiots who
tear up checks. Pay your own taxes; if
you haven't the cash, borrow It from the
bank. You had better look at the records
and find who owns your old ranch."
And the old man found that Mackay
had deeded him the ranch months before
—consideration, the friendship and regard
of John W. Mackay.
An eld mining partner of Mackay, who
had not seen him for years, came to Baa
Francisco from the Slsklyon Mountains
and called upon the multi-millionaire at
his office in the Nevada block. Mackay
greeted his old friend, warmly Invited
him to dinner, drove with him to- the
Cliff House, accompanied him to the thea
ter, and fos>two days and nights aband
oned all other engagements to entertain
him. On the morning: of the third day
the old miner called at the bank to bid
which scattered compromlslngly In all di
rections through the throng. / - .
"Let me help you," Carrington jumped
with alacrity to her aid, restoring the
downy, pink-cheeked fruit to her arms.
An Icy "thank you" rewarded him.
Woman-like, angry at the Innocent of
fender, she felt like. venting her displeas
ure on him. r
"I suppose your cousin meets your*
he Inquired, pausing for a second as the
ladles accompanying him moved on.
"Oh, yes," she replied lightly, hoping;
j
lighting in his slightest mannerism. Be
tween them lay the unconfessed joy of
a past summer-time, when he had. been
her constant attendant at this same place
— until golden-haired Lilian Royer arrived
qne day as a guest of his mother. In
voluntarily she sighed, and the man,
finding ita echo in his own heart, re
peated it.
"You will be at the hop to-night?;; he
asked, as he deposited her at her desti
nation. I
"My frock is here," she pointed to her
suit case. :':¦*'* :':''•
'Tour cousin said Egerton was coming
down, too." He watched her face nar
rowly as he spoke.
"A later train," she said evenly. "I de
cided to come on the 3 o'clock special."
He could make nothing of her explana
tion, however, as he thought her words
ever after leaving her. i Surely, If report
were true that the two were In love and
to be married, it looked odd that they did
not plan. to arrive on the same train. His
mind revolved on Janet's speech In spite
of his attempt to dismiss it.
Janet promptly thought on more about
him, unable long ago to find an excuse
for his changed : behavior. . Opening 1 her
suit case she began to draw out her small
wardrobe ; the articles seemed peculiarly
unfamiliar. She shut It hastily, Intently
scanning the modest initials, "J. A.," on
the aide. It surely was - hers, but how
could It be when before her was a vision
of . fluffy, lace-trimmed . pink crepe - de
chine, with a low-cut bodice bordered
\Kjth daintyj wild rose*; j pink silk stock
ings, a pink fan. a rose spray for the
hair, and down In one corner a pair of
high-heeled pink slippers? . What halluci
nation of the brain was this? Or was it
the triumph of an acgTetatlon of the
day's annoyances?
She laughed and cried hysterically.
They belonged to somebody else, but she
either had to wear them or remain at
home. The ample dimensions of Aunt
Caroline's dresses forbade any further
consideration of them.
Like her prototype, Pandora, when she
opened the case, she let the witches out.
The woman who hesitates meets the pro
verbial fate. By the aid of pins the waist
was adjusted trimly to her more slender
figure; the toes of the frivolous slippers
were stuffed out with tissue paper, and
the balance of the toilette was made to
her complete satisfaction.
. The hop progressed as all similar af
fairs do where there Is a sprinkling of
black coats and pretty girls. Janet, prom
cuadlng the room on Kgerton's arm. rec
ognized a familiar white frock coming
toward her. With sickening dread of an
Impending scene she saw that its wearer
was Lilian Royer, and Carrington walked
beside her.V -
"I am afraid there has been some mis
take in our suit cases," Miss Royer cried
sharply. "I don't see how it could pos
sibly have happened. You must have
taken mine — by mistake."
Janet drew herself up ominously, indig
nant at the' insinuation.
' "The Initials were the same as . mine,"
she explained, with- very, red cheeks. "To
all outward appearance It looked like
my suit case. Since I came down here
for the dance, I had no alternative but
to wear " this" dress" or stay " at home. It
was no fault of mine that the mistake
was made, I assure you."
Mls3_ Roy cr ! glanced contemptuously at
the white dress she wore. "I was forced
to wear yours," she said, "not having any
other with me. ; I took my sister's suit
case, Mrs. ' Adams— Julia's. She used
mine, for , it . held more. I am sure you
will not object to coming with me now to
the dressing-room and exchanging."
"Certalnly not," Janet said proudly.
There was a frown settling on Carting,
ton's brow. He was conscious of a strong
desire to take Janet In his arms and an
athematize Miss Royer In forcible terms.
But the sting of a broken half-promise
and forgotten vows held him aloof.
"What a little hypocrite she Is," Miss
Royer exclaimed to him as he took her
across the floor. "She knew all along It
was mine." Carrington made no com
ment. '
Half an hour later, after a solitary
smoke In a retired corner of the piazza,
he came upon a little white figure crying
all alone.
"Janet." he whispered anxiously. bend-
Ing tenderly over her. "Don't cry. Where
Is that confounded Egerton? He
shouldn't leave you here alone." •
She raised her head proudly, her tear
clouded eyes flashing. "Why always that
man?" she cried childishly. «i hate him.
I only want to be alone. Please to
away." •
"You're not engaged to bimT Ton don't
like him?" He could hardly accredit what
his ears heard. "They told me the day
was set, and — "
Janet put a soft little hand over hi*
mouth. , • ™"
"You did not seem to cars sufficiently
to find out— the truth," she said.
"I was afraid of hearlnr the death blow
to ray own hopes," he answered her. "Ja.
net." he grasped her hands boldly in his
"tell me now— I want my fate settled at
once. Can't we go back to that last sweet
summer time and start all over arahv
you and I? Can't we. dear? And we'U
let tb« world know It to-ni*ht. «o that
they will leave us alone hereafter Win
you, Janetr "
The throb of th« orchestra drowned the
¦Hence, Carrington put his arms around
her, and she did not protest against It.
that he would not detect the delinquent's
absence.
She squared her back on the group as
the Carrington trap, in the hands of a
trim groom, rolled noiselessly up, and the
ladies were helped in. There was a whirr
of rushing wheels and a cioud of dust in
dicated Its flight down the country road.
Tears of mortification and anger welled
up In her eyes; were it not so far she
would walk the distance, bundles, suit
case and all. A .black speck was coming
rapidly toward her, far up the highway;
it finally revealed red and black wheels.
A sensation of mingled pride
and timidity swept over her as she saw
that, after all. it was not her cousin,' but
Carrington, who had evidently, lost no
time in returning from his stables. - .
"I suppose your relatives didn't expect
you until the 5:30," he said pleasantly, as
he drove up. "I was afraid you would
attempt to walk the distance. Won't you
let me drive you over?"
"Thank you— I will wait for Tom," she
said, blushing at the falsity of her posi
tion.
"I came back purposely to get you," he
went on, Ignoring her discouraging glance.
"It's hard on the peaches; they'll be over
ripe If you keep them In this hot sun
much longer. Come, please."
She hesitated visibly. "For— the sake
of the peaches, then." she assented,
reaching him her parcels.
"I will not question the conditions." he
replied.
"It would be of no use," she answered
In his vein. "For I never argue."
They drove smoothly over the white,
thread-like road, under the' canopy of
trees, talking Indifferently on superficial
subjects— the man, not Insensible to the
charm of her laughing eyes and nut
brown face; the girl, responsive to every
flash of the blue eyes, and Inwardly do-
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.j
rzzr ANET ALLSTON quick
iV^^fTOSr^fl ly selzed ner Bult cas °
*ji^<tS^i g N jW and started out as the
ncSrB^VE traln thundered into
r^5rP^^n the Btatlon at tne llttlc
I )&v&$tL$jh resort, eager to make
f*^5?SE©5^§r£ |j her escape before Car-
IiimB— awfTiL Ml rington, who eat In
the back of the car, should espy her. In
his party she recognized a supercilious
beauty, whose name had lately been sig
nificantly linked with his, and several
comfortable looking dowagers, who had
come down, as she, to either stay with
friends or at the big hotel over the regu
lar Saturday night hop. •
8he felt ashamed of her Innumerable
bundles, each breathing Its own secret
of chocolates, early hothouse peaches for
dear Aunt Caroline and some magazines.
Cousin Tom's happy, ruddy face was
not visible among the crowd of people
on the platform; she glanced around In
desperation, anxious to secure the ser
vices of a hackman to carry her at once
to her destination, but. beyond a few
private vehicles, there was nothing avail
able.. ¦ . >:S .V ¦' /
Over her shoulder sounded Carrlnrton's
deep voice, and Lilian Royer'a silvery,
airy - laughter; she started nervously,
dropped the tell-tale parcel of peaches.
f"p\ HIS is the second of a series of
j "Recollections and Reflections"
I about famous Americans cf
JL yesterday by Thcxcas Fitch,
"the silver-tongued orator," who,
better than any man cf to-day, knows
whereof hs writes and writes whereof
he kne-vrs with wit, wisdom and bril
liancey truly fascinating. Just watch
for his "Recollections and Reflec
tions" cf "Some Old Friends" next
Sunday.
•T ATS off. old P'oneers. Johnny
I A Ma^kay was a man— every Inch
J I cf him. Lot* before he girdled
~J the vrrld wUh his rsb'e h» wired
an electric cord around ten thou
him while he lived, and with grief for him
when he died.
When great wealth or groat frae cotr^s
suddenly to a man it cometiraes engen
ders the disease of "mr.fmus cnb^za."
That complaint never attarlred Mackay.
He was ever the fmw brave, chlvalric,
generous fou!, who jra"e like a prince,
fowjrht like a cruFi\'ipr. and forgave .l'ke
a priest. Those who know him wore wild
with delJirht when this multi-millionaire.
difrejrardir.fi; h's fifty years, resented a
eneering remark c-ineernins his wife, not
by a libel suit nor by a retort in kind, but
by practicing an art of which he was in
youth a rast master, and thrashing the
eand hearts that throbbed with love for
Fcandalizcr upon a street corner in San
Francisco, and thrashing him well.
The other bonanza kings ieft scarcely a
perceptible mark upon the'.r times.
O'Brien died Boon after he came into his
Croat fortune, but while he lived went
ever into his pocket at the sight' of d's
tress. Flood was originally a saloon
keeper, and in his- contest for financial
supremacy with William C. Ralston— the
cashier and controlling spirit cf the Hank
of California— the latter Is reported to
have said. "I will F«nd Flood back to his
original business of selling cocktails."
When this threat was communicated to
Flood, he replied. "If I do. I will sell
them over the counter of the Bank of
California." When the great bank stepped
payment and Ralston committed suicide.
Flood negotiated for the purchase of the
bank building, purposing to fit It up as a
saloon with carved counter for a bar. be
hind which he designed, arrayed In a
white apron, to officiate as barkeeper for
a day. It was with great difficulty that
Mackay and Fair dissuaded him from ex
ecuting this scheme of vengeance upon
the <!cad Ralston.
Fair was the inventor of a plan to dis
courage widows and orphans who first of
fered proof of an alleged marriage with a
millionaire after his death. He provided
In his will that every lady who should
prove herself to be his widow, and every
child who should establish a title to call
him father, shoud be entitled to receive
from his estate a legacy of one hundred
dollars.
Mackay'e generosity was unostentatious
end took the form of private rather than
of public benefactions. A few months be
fore his death he locked himself in his
office with his private secretary and de
stroyed notes, receipts and other evidence
of loans and gifts to the amount of sev
eral millions of dollars.
It was not only the poor who lacked
food and shelter who were relieved by
him, but his benefactions extended to
those who. Impoverished by ill fortune,
yet struggled desperately with fate, and,
like the Spartan boy. smiled in the face
of the world while the wolf of disaster
¦was eating at the vitals.
Of a lawyer once prosperous, but who
had lost his practice, a gentleman said
to Mackay: "The Judge dresses well and
he lives In a handsome house, but I hap
pen to know that his wife's diamonds
and furs are In pawn, that his furniture
and law library are covered with chattel
mortgages, that his rent and servant hire
and grocery bills are unpaid, that his
landlord Is very impatient and that his
family may at any time be thrust Into
the street."
fellow." said Mackay, "and he
has such a nice family. Such distress Is
cr eater than the suffering of one who has
so position to maintain. Dick, draw a
cheek for a thousand dollars and send
it to him." "He won't take It. Mr.
Mackay/* replied the secretary. "He Is
as proud as Lucifer, and I believe that
rather than accept charity he would com
mit suicide." "Is It as bad as that?"
said Mtckay. "Well, we'll find a way
to make him take 1L What baa become
of that litigation between the Durgon and
Homeschlch Company T" "All settled."
replied the secretary. "Well, you hunt
up some other lawsuit, any old lawsuit.
Sure there's enough of them bothering us
when we don't want them. You employ
the Judge in It to assist our other law
yers and pay him a thousand dollars, and
don't you let on to him that I have any
thing to do with it. Tell him It Is the
order of the board of directors."
Mtfkay 1 ! gifts sometimes took an ec
centric form. He would send a hundred
dollars or more to & widow "with tho
regards of William Sharon" until that
capitalist vaa not only driven wild with
protestations of gratitude, but bis outer
office was crammed with petitioners for
similar aid, to whom Macks.y*s beneficiary
had communicated the rlad tidings that
Sharon was taken with enlargement of
the heart.
"Johnny" good-by. "Before you go," sa'd
Mexkay, 71 have a little bujlncss with
you. You remember that claim that ws
had and worked together at Crlsely's
br.r? After you went on that wtldgo-sj
chase to Fraser River I sold tVut c'alm
for JGOO. 1 cou'd not get any tvaso of
you, so when I went to Wa^ius the next
spring I put your ha'f of the money In
Gould and Curry. It stayed tfcers all
these years until yesterday, when I c'osod
it out. It amounts, dlv!Jends .'in<l all. to
T22.604 60. Here is a check for the miney.
"I'm glad you didn't forget the $4 €0.
Johnny," raWl the old miner, tearing ths
check up and throwing the pieces into
the wastebasket. "You're a fine book
keeper. Johnny, i )U t you're alsj the b-g?
pest liar In the State of Cal'fornia. I
know all about that cli'm, for I went
back there after you left and worked It
a month. I couldn't make grub money
out of it and 1 pave It to some China
men for a vegetable garden. You never
sold It and you are giving me this gift
because you want to give me a lit of
money. Suro. I don't want your money,
Johnny; It would spoil thp taste of the
pood time my old partner has given me.
My place as foreman at Biggs' catt'e
ranch Is kept open for me and I'm gilng;
back to it. so good-by, Johnny, and God
Me?s ycu for dropping all the dudes for
two rlavs to take a run with the old
man." "Hold on a minute," pai 1 ! Mackay,
"If you won't 1ft me do something for
you maybe you will do something for me.
I have loaned a lot of monev to the
Eureka Cat:!e Company and they have
mismanaged things and cannot pay and
I have got to tike the ranch in. Now I
want you to go up there and appraise
the property for me. and if I take it you
must act as manager, and I'll pay: you
go T ng wages and not a cent more, and If
you don't run things properly I'll fire
you." "Oh, that's business." said the old
man, "that I'll do."
Leland Stanford was the philosopher
and prophet of the pioneer overland road.
Charles Crocker was Its right arm. but
C. P. Hunurgton was Its brain. Crock
er's favorite seat was upon the cowcatch
er of the locomotive on the construction
train, ever pushing to the front with rest
less energy. Stanford with dominant In
dividuality controlled men, controlled cau
cuses, reconciled conflicting interests and
placated enmities. But C. P. Huntlngtoa
was the master spirit. When the finan
cial necessities of the road called him to
New York City he was no longer a young
man and he was without special train
ing for his task. But from the hour h*
entered Wall street until death called hira>
he was successful In his operations. Rival
capitalists could not entrap him and he
was not to be bullied either by
men or events. When one who
had come Into possession of a bun
dle of his letters, that were aft*
erward used in the Colton case, tried to
sell them to him for a large amount his
cool and characteristic reply was: "They
are worth the money, but I have read
them. You want to sell them to some*
body who has not read thexnT** He ha4
the courage of his convictions. IIo be
lieved that the construction of an Inter
oceanic canal would have a tendency to
lessen the revenues of the Southern Pa
cific Company, and he did not hesitate
to throw obstacles In the way of Its con
struction. VI t will never be built while X
live," sa'.d be.
He was a strong friend and a bittsr
enemy. He was a grand old fighter, who
fought ever In the ,open- When he en
tered the lists he passed by all lessor
antagonists and smote the brazen shields
of the Brian de Bois Gullberts. Whoa
he began the hazardous experiment of
constructing an overland road there were
not fifty miles of railroad, all told, be
tween the Rocky Mountains and the Pa
cific Ocean. He lived to see the locomo
tives of seven great transcontinental Unea
thundering dally from the Missouri to the
Pacific, and to be able to ride in his pri
vate car from arctic to tropic seas. His
most appropriate epitaph would be his re
ply to a member of a committee of the
United States Senate, who said to him
when he was examined as a witness be
fore the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion. "Mr. Huntinston. have you no re
spect for public opinion?" "I have." was
his reply, "the highest regard for the good
opinion of C. P. Huntlngton."
Ptuat a GrircHe of Gold
Aromndl tine World,
the success of principles In which he be
lieved. .: .
THE SUNDAY CALll
Have You Got Memorandum Habit?
Have you ever formed the "memoran
dum habit*" If not. form It at once.
Did you ever stop to think how forgetful
you are-how forgetful we all are? One
puts a finger Into the water, withdraws
It and looks for the hole. It Isn't there.
The poet left his footprints on the sand.
The rising tide swept over them, receded,
and the footprints were gone.
So It Is with things to be remembered.
Frailty treachery— thy name is memory.
You make an engagement for 3 p. m.
Wednesday. Upon It all sorts of Import
ant contingencies depend. Three o'clock,
comes Wednesday-and goes. Two hours
later you remember. "Horrors! What
have I lost?"
The train leaves as • p. m. sharp. You
were duly informed. Your treacherous
memory- registered the hour as 6:30. You
are at the station well In advance of what
you understand to be the starting time.
The clock there points to 6:15. Wtot la
your train? Goael
A MODERN PAND0RA
The Reptile House at the Zoo.
The reDtlle house was one of the first
buildings erected at the New York Zoo
and It is well worthy to be the corner
stone of bo noble a scheme. The en
trance Is Into a small hall or lobby, con
taining the reptiles of the temperata zonal
from this one enters into the main hall.
At the western end of the main hall I*
the alligators' pool. This pool extends
across the end of tha building, and U fif
teen feet wide and four feet deep. A con
servatory back of It completes the pic
ture of a Florida lagoon. The American
crocodiles and alligators are here wall
represented, writes Elwia R. Sanborn la
Pearson's.
In the center of the hall Is an tnclosure
with glass partitions, open at the top. for
the small turtles and terrapins. A stream
of water flows through the center
and terminates In a large pool, now oo
cupled by an enormous alligator terrapin,
weighing one hundred and fifteen pounds.
All around the Bides of the hall ara ar
ranged glass cases with a representative
collection of boas, pythons, and venom
ous snakes, tropical, sub-tropical and
temperate. A marvelous collection of
southern water snakes, comprising many
rare species, together with all the con
strictors of the tropical zone, !s also oa
exhibition. The lizards, ranging from a
six-foot Ceylonese monitor to tb« various
chameleons, are well represented. When
safely housed behind glass, reptiles are
always sightly. Invariably the question
asked Is. "Where are the snakes?* and
on Sunday the capacity of this building
la taxed to the utmost.
Mackay was an early riser, a hanl
worker, and, although exceedingly ho.s
pltable.was himself abstemious and could
seldom be induced to play cards for
money, and then for only nominal stakea.
The only game that seemed to attract him
was the "grasshopper races," with which
the mining superintendents on the Com
stock beguiled a portion of the noon
hour, while waiting for luncheon at the
Savage Company hoisting-house. Boys
caught grasshoppers and sold them to the
players at 25 cents to W cents each. Each
player oaid a fixed stake, ranging from
one dollar to twenty dollars, into the pool,
and the man whose hopper made the
longest jump captured the pool. On the
day before Christmas it was agreed to
celebrate that holiday with a pool, the
stakes In which were to be one hundred
dollars for each player. The terin3 were
"play or pay." and at the instance of a
German professor who was a superintend-
down to business. There Is no coin here
smaller than a nickel. It should be so
that you can' buy something for a penny."
"What," said Mackay, "do you want to
buy for a penny?" "An apple, for In
stance," rejoined Huntlngton. "But,"
said I, "you can buy five apples for five
cents." v'What?" said Mackay.' "and
give away the other four, and break his
heart?"
This, though witty, was not Just to
Huntingdon, who was net by any means a
small man In small things. In engineer
lngr a financial scheme In Wall street, or
suggesting a freight and fare schedule
he would unmercifully exact "all that the
traffic would bear," but he was loyal to
old friendships and generous to old
friends, and If the stubs of his private
check book were given In evidence, they
would show many and many a benefac
tion known only to the recipient and him
self, as well as many larger benefactions
to promote public purposes and advance
each other, said, "Why, Is It possible that
you gentlemen are not acquainted? Mr.
Huntlngton, this Is Mr. Mackay." The
railroad king nodded coolly to Mackay
and said, "How do you do, sir?" A mo
ment afterward the expression of his
face changed and he exclaimed, "Why
this Is not John W. Mackay, is it?"
Mackay, who was evidently a little net
tled at Huntlngton's failure to know him.
touched his hat with mock deference and
answered, "John W. is my first name, If
you please, sir."
The conversation drifted Into com
ments upon the growth and prospects of
San Francisco. "The people must get
rid of their expensive ways," said Hunt
iriEton, "before San Francisco will real
ly thrive." "Why, Ban Francisco Is the
cheapest city to live In In America," said
Mackay. "That may be so," I suggested,
"for people with small Incomes who em
ploy no domestic servants." "San Fran
cisco," repeated Huntlngton, "must set
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH.
14General Pippin and his staff went o'er the gory groundT
The sight caused them to shudder, for almost* everywhere
Were injured beans and grains of corn quite hopeless of repair.
While viewing all the carnage great— the mangled beans and corn.
An Idea quite pretentious was in Cro©kneck*s keen mind born.
"Of course," the lumbering Crookneck said, "I am sorry for the maimed,
But it strikes me that what's lost to some is to some others gained.
Now, since the battlefield is strewn with corn and beans galore,
HI suggest that we in. chart e reap profit from this war.
My plan for us great gallants three to load ourselves with cash
Is to mix the.f alien corn and beans, and call it succotash."
This commercial spirit ruled, my sweets, I much regret to say,
But old Crookneck and the others lived to rue another day
But your thoughts are of the Princess, and of the King so grand,
And of the greater glory that should come to this great land.
When Cannibal Corn saw freedom gone he confessed in manner grave
That he kept the Princess Artichoke a prisoner in a cave.
"Lead on to this biding place," the King's commander said,
"And if you will turn the Princess free we shall spare your head."
"Rippety sick and whickety whack," the cannibal chieftain cried.
Which .means, in words translated, that he'd free the future bride.
Very soon the Princess fair was taken to the King.
Who at his great good fortune was too glad for anything.
He sent bis faithful hosts away that he might be alone
To tell the beautiful Artichoke all about his palace home.
He whispered that he thought she was the fairest In the land,
And that he'd be ever so much obliged If she would take bis hand
The Princess blushed and hung her head, but didn't say a thing,
And the monarch knew her silence meant that she would wear the ring.
In time the mighty sovereign called his faithful subjects all
And told them that they'd have a Queen quite early in the falL
"Give three cheers for the King and Queen 1" bold Pippin cried In glee,
And the joyous sound that followed frightened fishes in the sea*
,.,.-. .7 fev " f OW my P rc «ous dumplings, I shall tell how Pumpkin
.__ JS&^-LJJ grand
(0%T/f& f^p^lfc \ Found and wooed and won the fairest creature of bis
<77VAr?Wf?V:fr3 General warrior bold, at the instance of the
King,
Flew to find the Princess like a bird fast on the wing.
The doughty General and his staff — composed you may remember,
Of Crookneck Squash, the timid one, and Radisli sleek and slender.
Sped over verdant plain until their bodies felt like lead,
The gallant Pippin all the time appearing at the head.
The story as I get it, pets, is that the searchers good
Mislaid their compass in their haste and got lost in a wood.
Now, this was awful, you may say; but all things come out right '..,'"
When pluck and perseverance strong are made up into might
Good old Mother Nature watched the wandering subjects three.
And,* admiring much their purpose, she helped to set them free.
Faithful fireflies by the host, responding to her call,
Changed the darkness into light and cheered the subjects all.
They kept the heavy-scented air ablaze with vivid fire
Until King Pumpkin's messengers escaped the dangers dire. .
Across a glorious sun-lit plain, with courage now renewed, .
The valiant searchers sped away, their voices much subdued.
At last, far in the distance, they beheld a moving thing
The like of which they knew was not a subject of their King*.
"Tis the oddest of all odd things," the/ General did exclaim,
When they had crept up near enough to view the stranger plain,
"I, for one," spoke Crookneck Squash, his voice betraying fear,
"Cannot say that I admire his looks and running gear.
Such lengthy legs I ne'er have seen — and I have seen a lot.
And I know that he could catch us all before away we sot."
Gallant Pippin's eyes flashed fire, his brow took on a frown.
And he forthwith proceeded hot to stand up lor the crown
"What should our august sovereign say," he snapped in sharpest strain,
If we should quit and leave this monster master of the plain? - -
He'd call us weak and cowardly, and we all should fall from grace,
And we should never nave the heart to look him in the face." -
The better part of valor," spoke the thoughtful Radish red,
"Is wisdom and not rashness, for such wise Prune has said.
Now, I suggest that Crookneck Squash, with all his greatest speed, -¦>
Go back to the King and get the added strength we need,**
In less time than it takes to tell, old Crookneck was away
His mind the seat of much relief, his heart both light end gay.'
In time he reached the monarch, and the reinforcements wanted
Were soon dispatched with him as. head— all brave and quite undaunted*
The forces which he proudly led were made up, so it seems, :
Entirely of the sovereign's brave .and finely trained String B cans.
At the direction of bold Pippin, the eager soldiers small
Charged in perfect order to engage the stranger tall.
The object of the sharp attack on that most beauteous morn
Was a cannibal chieftain fierce and wild whose name was Roasting Corn*
For many an hour the battle raged—the ultimate end in doubt,
And thrice the soldiers of the King were put to utter rout.
The string of many a worthy bean was snapped in hopeless twain
And the furious eannibal suffered loss of many a valued grain.
When at last the savage was securely chained and bound*
THE SUNDAY OALIi.
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM
OF WONDERFUL THINGS
15OUR NAME PUZZLES
PRIZE WINNERS
THE 6IOTAY CALL.
Each of Th€§S " T^n pfctU^: "R^P^n** ;^i$- -NfW^of"
SEND IN YOUR PICTURES.
PHOTOS BY STANFORD STUDIO
cosoo) Bury Tffamh, 109 Boa ftrect,
San FrandBco; Joslo OalUjpta, £61
SeTenth street, San Francisco; Qtrla
Braese, 2622 Folaom street, Baa
Francisco; Dora iffnrVm^Ti y Oailasd;
And now listen carefully:, THEBE ABE SIXTY PBIZES, and this is what you must do to wia
one of them: ; . " ': ',.'¦' -..-<'. ' : " y . :; ; .^ ... ¦;•'".¦; .. ; . : ' '.' V ;¦,.:.:.;¦ ;^,- ) .. ¦ '-^' -._¦. ...
Find the namet'of a Famous /.General^ represented ! in. each of the 'Tea . Small P^izzle Pictures
.. on ithis page, and .write' it oufin^full.-'in the space opposite .'the proper ¦corresponding number _pjr«md4d^
'J. or , : the purpose in^ the* coupon on "this page, as per directions ; fill • in the »coup*on ? wtth - your * name 1 aifd -. *
'.address and the pHze^you desirer-if.you^win— and sendthe picture, with the coupon attached, to the v
5, EDITOBOF THE.FAIBY RIDDLE'Ain) NAME PAGE, Sun day Call, San Francisco, Cal.
j vBEMEMBEB^T6>the;;F.lBSTv.SIXTy»«Bb'YS^ # AND iGIBLS who solve* the Ten Name Puzzles '
correctly/.' o£e' of these SIXTY rBEAUTIFJTJL piaiZESwiU'.be'awarded. . ' *' ¦':¦- • ;.
*\r f-. And don't, forget thiTnei^point;' because It U^Tery-importaat: .ALL ANSWEBS MUST BEACH *
i THIS OFFICE BY FBIDAYvNOON. This?givesiaU'tl.bse ia the. country, aa equal. chaace.tp compete.
Bead every|hing on; this page, to ' be . sure that you overlook < nothing, that will help you to win a prize. '
;- THE NAMES OF THE LXTCkYV'iNNEBS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY: CALL *
TWO WEEKS FBOMTO-DAY, Octbber.ll. ' -vv: . - -' --Vv/ ; V ' , "- -
These are 'the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from wMcayro may select if you aolT«8il'tlx«pu».
eles correctly: Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Two s Years Before the^^Mast, by Dana; Samantha r at '
Saratoga, by. Holley; Tom.Brown's School "Days, -by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by.Dickeas;^ A Dog of ii
Flanders, by Ouida; Gulliver's Travels, .by Swift; The- Magie : Nuts,": by ' Molesworth; 'The Little Lam*
by ; Mulock; ; The t Blittiedale'.. Romanco, by "Hawthorne; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Uncle" Torn'*
Cabin, Tby Harriet* Beecher Stbwe; Through the Lookirg-glassa^d What AaiceFound'TheM, by Carroll;
Vic— The Autobiography of a Fox Terrier, by MafsbT; BIp Van Winkle^- by, Irvine; B*^. »»d Friends, .
by Brown; The. Courtship of Miles Standish^by'^ LongfeUow;^^The'Advtntures of a Brownie, by Mulock}
Black Beauty, by Sewell, and Laddie aad MisiToosey's Missioa. .¦•'«».- -;— .
OB • A BOX OF SUPERFINE FRENCH PAINTS. :
¦ n I * UBBAH, children! / The" secret is/out at last. This is the big surprise "promisedVyou'last Sunday. v,
. L— J • Isn't it splendid P r Just looker at r the photographs of the lucky. children who^have^ron^ prizes on \-^
y I this page.' Don't. they^itt look. as if they. were ; sharp, bright, clever and'-energeticP Indeed they "*"
J do, and those are the only kind of childrea' who succeed at anything iav this /A world7^the ( . wide \
awake sort.. :. • ¦ ' '¦/: ¦ -• ¦ ' '.' _ •••;•. ;„;?.';: \j-\$£ ¦ '•¦<• r i
So remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win a prize, but to get. your, pia^ure pub
lished as, well. The Puzzle Editor wants all prize winners from now on to send iri^llr ;picture w s^-any^ i
sort, every sort of photograph, the whole sixty every "week if possible. Begin right nowt •jDpn^.wait^^'
The, more the merrier. There can't be too many. But. remember only the prize winners •,. can?; have j
their pictures published. : •/ -i- x ;. .:•:"-¦" • -. *" i ' "' ~~~^. : H
It is just to make room for .these -photographs that the Fairy Biddies have/been omitted from
this page. -Besides ¦ that it makes these puzzle contests ever. so much easier. .- Yo.u* caa , all get a prize
now. Try it ; and if you win don't 'forget to^ send"' . your} photographs /;'. ; . 4
; Each of the ten pictures in?" this,' the fifth contest of the FIFTJk. SEBIES of iTame Puzzles, repre
sents the name fofja; Famous General. Can youiguessP-. AH! There' 'ia i (rich^reward for .you if you can.
.Now. is your chance.' Bemember: there will be a SPECIAL 85 aad'?10 prize?for the highest percentage . ; .
of the whole thirteen weeks of 'the; Fifth Series. . -^ : ¦ : ' ' - v . /f '- . . '.,¦
Joe O'Brien, 824 Harrison street, 3a«
Francisco; Bsrt Dougherty, 501
Montgomery avenue, Saa Francisco;
Celia Coleman, 524 Post street, Saa
Francisco; Selma Frazier, Sacramen
to; Annie Wunnenberg, Pctalrnna;
Annie Harvy, Redding; Xenneti
Pyle, Oilroy; Martha Marley, Suisuaj
Tessie Doran, 1039 Howard street,
Saa rraadjco. /
*San Francisco; Arthur Comstock, Al
•] ameda; Isabella Long, Suisun; Eva
Coleman, 1228 0 eta via street, San
- Francisco ;^Elmie! Hansen, *~324 Ar
lington-stiyeet^ San Francisco; E. N.
. Atwoo'd, >|>anta Cruz; W. E. Cofer,
"Bedding; :} *Helen Harvy, ; Bedding;
Margaret Graham, San Rafael; VL .
ginia Ford, 161 Hawthorne street,
San Francisco; Ruth Dewey, San Ra
fael; Katherine Campbell, Vallejo;
B. Buffo, ,1840 Sutter street, San
Francisco; * Willie Lucas, Bedding;
Gertrude Perry, Tiburon; D. Wilkens,
.203 Clara street,* San Francisco; Cara
Thomson, ~ 1376 Vallejo \ street, San
Francisco; Adia Duffy, San Rafael;
Ruth • Wiles, Tulare ; B. Phaer, 806
Cole street, San Francisco; Florence
Fernhof, Oakland; Howard Duncan,
I- 2721- Sacramento street, Saa Fran-
THESE -are the v names of the
sixty lucky children "who won
prizes in the puzzle contest—
the Names of Yachts— publish-
Id In' The Sunday Call of September.
13:
PranV Scheak, 824 Harrison
Itreet, 'S .a -Francisco; Joe Schmidt,
110 Grant avenue, San Francisco ;
trving Martia, Stockton; Goldie Cluf-
Uld, 524 Pert street, Saa Fraaclsco;
Prize Winners of
September 13.
Mollie Smith, 40, Steuart street, Saa.
Francisco; Lavinia Stone, .Oakland;
Lee Norrali,';Vallejo; Lillian Cooper, ;
Suisun; Irene JSVoods 1 , Oakland; P.*C.
Woodhous { . .= 41;] Hard v> street, San
Francisco; "Willie* Asher, 5J?VPost
street, San Francisco; Elbert Jensen,
Sacramento; Louise. Higel, -Vall^o;'
Dorothy Hale, ' 1909 Stockton street,
San Francisco; B. Ho gan, 316 # But
ledge street, San Francisco; F. C. Pen
dergast, Vallejo; Florence Bolzone,
Oakland; Bussell Fettingill, Eureka;
A. Campbell, Vallejo; Camillia Hede
ger, Stockton; Maud Jack,- 1210 Turk
street, San Francisco; Florence Corn
stock,' Alameda; Hilton Thomas, 324
-Erie street, San- Francisco; Alma Mc-
Nulty, 1913 Stockton street, San
Francisco ; Frank Kelly, - ' Vallejo;
Ralph Walker,' 1234 Church street,
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below In their proper num-
bers please find zny solution of
the names of famous Generals
represented in this week's
name puzzles:
1
2
«
4 ...........I
".«¦ • • O - •
»;....*
e
% ' - - . .
7
;- ¦'
6^
¦ v - * »3i * -
©..•.........
10 .....
September 27, 1903.
2Tame .......... ..«>... ........
Street er P. 0, ............... .
City M .
State .....jl.>
If X wt& X dxoott for prise
CBm list ml rrlsMjSunday Call Comic SectionTH^ SUNDAY CALL. 'THE SUNDAY CAI/L.THE SUNDAY CJ^LL.PRICE FIYE CENTS,
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 119.
MRS. ROOSEVELT S MODEST
TASTE IN DRESS OFFENDS
LEADER OF FOUR HVMDRED
CZECHS DENOUNCE
EMPEROR, HIS HEIR
AND THE PREMIER
LEADER OR NEWPORT'S SWELL SET AND THE WIFE OF THE
¦ ' PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. UPON WHOM SHE 13 RE
PORTED TO : HAVE CAST ASPERSIONS.
CYNTHIANA. Ky.. Sept.' 26.-Curtls
Jett, sentenced to be hanged December IS
for the assassinatbn of James Cockrtll,
was to-day taken *> Louisville for safe
keeping. HmK
Jett Is TiOcen. to Louisville.
UKIAH, Sept 26.— Frank Tyndall. a
rancher, living near this city, was bitten
by a rattlesnake yesterday afternoon and
Is In a dangerous condition. He was sled
ding wood from the mountain side and
had tied his horse to an old stump. The
ran away, dragging Tyndall to his barn,
around to untie him. The snake, | which
was concealed at the root of the stump,
struck him without warning. The horse
ran away, dragging Thydall to his barn,
the snake, being shaken off during the
wild ride.
Mrs. Tyndall came to her husband's
assistance and put a , ligature on his
ankle. Then she sent to this city for
medical aid. This* to the fifth time Tyn
dall has been bitten.
Ban cher Attacked by Snake and
Horse Drags Him to His
Home.
WILD BIDE FOLLOWS
BITE FBOM A BATTLES
Whalea eud to-day that he Is being
unlawfully leld and asserted that on
Monday he w.:j se ek release by means of
habeas corpus proceedings.
•Til get Mm, one way or another."
Replying to the notification of the cap
ture of Whalen. the husband of Mrs.
Clark has telegraphed the police here,
Etatir.g that he Is endeavoring to secure a
felony warrant against him In New York.
If he succeeds he will pay the expenses
cf having the preacher taken back to that
State ar.3 prosecuted. If he falls there
he proposes to come to Los Angeles and
prosecute him under the laws of Califor
nia. In hh message Clark says:
JjOS ANGELES. Sept. 28.— The Rev. C.
D. Whalen, who has confessed that he
eloped from Plattsburg. N. Y., with Mrs.
Jarr.es H- Clark, deserting a wife and four
children. Is certain to be prosecuted either
here, where he now languishes in Jail, or
In New Ycrk.
lively Action.
Husbafcd of the Woman Who Left
Plattsbnrg, N. Y., Promises
ABBESTED CLEBGYWA.TT
wnx be prosecuted
LONDON, Sept. 26.— A special dispatch
from Genoa says the - police there have
errested an anarchist named Bartelont,
who is accused of complicity in a plot
to kill Kins Alfonso.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— A rumor is current
In the Inner circles. of foreign anarchists
In London that a plot has been formed to
assassinate the Sultan of Turkey, which
is expected to culminate to-morrow. No
reliance can be placed on this report,
however, as the anarchists here are mere
ly Inspired by advices from the Continent,
which, it is believed, are more likely than
not purely visionary.
Genoa Police Ar
rest an Alleged
Conspirator.
ANARCHISTS
PLOT DEATH
OF ALFONSO
Dr. Heral, a prominent Czech Deputy, announces that^ he intends to resign
his seat in Parliament, as he considers the acts of the Czech and Socialist Dep
uties harmful to the' cause of the Czech people. . . .
, _ -* IENNA, Sept. 25.— The lower house of the ' Reichrath to-day adopted a
W *i "motion demanding the unconditional discharge on December 1 of all boI-
M M dlers who have served three years. The Czechs, who were supported by
tt^^ the Pan-German Socialists, contended that the" proposed bill amending
the recruiting law was insufficient. In the course of the debate they de
livered philippics against the Austrian monarchical system, the- politics of the
heir apparent, the growing spirit of reaction and the reign of Premier von Koe
bers. . • «
Czechs in the Austrian .Reichsrath
Make Bitter Speeches.
Mrs. Andrews said to-day that she was
one of the party that visited Freeman
that night; that one of the men who was
present died six years ago, and the other
Is now in the Tennessee State prison.
Ehe said the woman who accompanied
them, and who disappeared Beveral years
apo, was murdered rnd burled in the
gTave ¦with her mother, the crime result
ing from a fear that she would betray
the murderers of Stanford Freeman.
Mrs. Andrews said that Ehe was in love
•with Freeman and one of the men was
In lov« with Freeman's intended wife.
When Freeman was called to the gate
that night a demand was made that he
marry her at once. When he refused he
was stabbed to death, and the four had
kept the secret and escaped even a sus
picion of being connected with the crime.
JASPER, Ind. # Sept 25.— Mrs. Nellie
Andrews, formerly Miss Nellie Conrad,
made a sensational confession Just before
her fieath to-day that clears up the mys
tery of & tragedy that caused great ex
citement In Southern Indiana in 1SS3. On
the night before Stanford Freeman, a well
known young- farmer of this county, was
to be xs&rried two men and two women
rode vp to his house on horseback and
ca'.led him to the rate. He had a con
versation with the v!s!tcrs and in a mo
ment a scuffle ensued and hJs intended
bride •whom he had left on the porch heard
him groan. As she hastened to him the
two men mounted their horses and with
the two women rode rapidly away. Free
man had received several wounds from, a
knife and his head was badly battered,
the skull beiiiff fractured in several
places. He died without revealing the
identity of his slayers and not even the
c lightest clew was ever obtained to the
murderers.
Dying Wcnan Confesses That She
Took Part in a Murder Many
Years Ago.
CLEARS TJP THE aTYSTERY
OF AH INDIANA TRAGEDY
STOCKHOLDERS TO ASK
FOB A BECE1VJSBSH1P
Consolidated Lake Superior to Be
¦ Placed in Charge of the
Courts.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 28.— The North
American to-morrow will say: Consoli
dated Lake Superior stockholders will
move formally to-morrow for the re
ceivership as the surest way to protect
their .equity in the property. This action
has been determined upon in view of the
uncertain attitude ;of Speyer & Co. and a
conviction that .the time has come when
the step cannot be delayed longer without
danger.
Application for the appointment of a
receiver for the $117,000,000 corporation
will be made in Connecticut, under the
laws of which State the Consolidated
Lake Superior Company is Incorporated.
Promptly after the expected granting
of the petition for receivership applica
tion will be made in New York for. the
appointment of auxiliary receivers to act
in that State. This will be accompanied
by a petition for an injunction to restrain
the sale of. the Speyer collaterals.
The management and board of directors
of the • Consolidated Lake Superior Com
pany are cognizant of the Intended re
ceivership move and It Is understood they
have agreed to Interpose no obstacles and
to give. the stockholders an entirely free
foot In the matter. . This acquiescent at
titude of the management is believed, to
have been obtained by the minority stock
holders during the protracted beard meet
ing on Friday.
BUSSELL SAGE LOSES
- MILLION-DOLLAB SUIT
Fails to Wrest I/and From Scores of
Settlers in Western Min
nesota. •
APPLETON. Minn., Sept. 6.— Judge
Quayle has announced that he .will decide
in favor of the settlers in their litigation
with Russell Sage.; His decision will con
firm the title of homestead, settlers to
about 25,000 acres of 'the choicest land > in
three counties ; and will • hold that " Russell
Sage, as trustee of the old Hastings and
Dakota Railway Company, has no claim
whatever thereto. - The litigation Involves
the title , to : fully 11,000,000 worth of prop
erty, representing the homes and fortunes
of 150 farmers. '
HEAD OF THE AUSTRIAN MIXISTRT AND THE PREMIER OF HUN
GARY, WHO ARE EXPERIENCING TROUBLOUS • TIMES WHICH
MAY YET LEAD TO A REVOLUTIONARY OUTBREAK.
At the hotel the attaches would give no
information concerning the occurrence nor
would they even admit that the woman
had been taken frcm there. To a citizen
this afternoon the Corcner said it was
a clear case of suicide, and ¦when asked
to-r.5{rht why he had not stated the facts
in his possession in the first place he said
he had been asked by the friends of the
weman to keep the matter quiet.
A story is current to-night that Mrs.
MacEwen called at a JocaJ undertaker's
establishment two weeks ago and ordered
her funeral raiment and coda.
Mrs. MacEwen came from San Fran
cisco a course of weeks ago, where It
is ea!d she has relatives. She was for
merly a reEidcr.t of Sacramento, her son,
now deceased, having been captain of a
military company.
SACRAMENTO, Sept 25.— An air of
TBystery surrounds the death o{ Mrs.
battle H. MacEwen. an aged woman,
¦which occurred !rj this city this afternoon.
Although the •woman was removed in
an apparently dying condition from the
Capitol Hotel this morning and expired
Feme hours later, and although Coroner
"W. F. Gcrmley was called into the case,
that official to-night disclaimed all knowl
edge of the- aJTair and uSer. asked if the
case had not been reported to him replied
In the negative. Subsequently he admit
ted h!E connection with the case and said
that he had held an inquest over the
b.ody.
Er>*c!a: DlEpttch to The Call.
Instead the railway officials essayed to
capture the robbers by a ruse. This, how
ever,' failed ignominious^'. The light en
gine was sent out as directed and the
supposed package of $50,000 was in plain
view. Approaching the spot appointed
the engine was slowed down, but before
it came to a full stop a second light.en
gin*,- on. -which" there.. were a dozen of
more heavily armed men, hove Into sight."
Search was made of the immediate vicin-*
ity, but none of the conspirators were to"
be found.' Ths railroad officials had given
out as- a- reason for- running the light en
gines that they had received warning of
an attempt to hold up the North Coast
limited.
The railroad officials have since been
warned that, because of their "trifling,"
the original threat would now be car
ried out, . and. it certainly begins to look
that way. Within the past two weeks no
less than four attempts have been made
to wreck trains by the use of dynamite.
One of these was a passenger and the
others were freight trains, the latest at
tempt being made at Sampson Siding last
night.
As yet no serious damage has resulted.
although the cowcatcher and headlight
were blown off a passenger engine in x the
Helena yards and the tracks have been
torn up to a greater or less extent. A
dozen armed men were sent into the
mountains near here to-day to try to dis
cover the gang and the hiding place of a
ton of dynamite stolen here last week.
Searchers are being hired at $4 a day by
the Northern Pacific.
This Pat Crowe mode of obtaining
money was presented to the company
officials about three weeks ago. but the
facts have Just become -public. The no
tice, which was sent to General Pas
senger Agent Fee and General Manager
Hannaford, at first demanded $25,000, and
then ordered that $50,000 be given to -the
engineer of a light engine, to be delivered
by him at a designated point west of Gar
rison on a certain day and at a giv*n sig
nal from the bandits.
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 26.— Because the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company re
fuses to comply with the demands of a
gang of dynamiters to deposit a large sum
of money at a point between Garrison
and Missoula, no less than four attempts
have been made within the past two
weeks to carry out the threat to "blow
the property of the company In Montana
off the map," as expressed in the ulti
matum.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Mrs. Mattie MacEwen of San
Francisco May Have
Ended Life.
Threat to Blow Up Trains
Is Now Being Put Into
Execution.
Coroner Makes Denial
and Then Admits
the Fact-
Officials Fail in Ruse
to Effect Culprits'
Capture.
Strange Happening
at Sacramento
Hotel.
Send Ultimatum to
the Northern
Pacific.
WOMAN DIES
AND MYSTERY
STIRS RUMOR
DYNAMITERS
DEMAND GOLD
OF RAILROAD
Pages 2 1 to 32
BUTTE. Mont., Sept. 26.— W. A. Smith;
one of Butte's most prominent business
men, was killed to-day by the upsetting
of a tallyho in which he and a party of
well known Butte people were riding.
Fatal Accident Mars Tallyho Party.
After the hold-up Miss Gaines attempt
ed to mount her wheel and ride to town
to report the affair to the officers, but
was prevented by tramps. The teacher
obtained a good description of the robber
and it Is believed be will be apprehended.
A man answering the description .later,
appeared In Ukiah and attempted to dis
pose of a watch chain for $1 50. He stated
he had purchased the chain In Petaluma
to present to a lady friend, but alleged he
had changed his mind. i .
The teacher lives three miles from the
school and for two miles of that distance
rides her bicycle, the road being In good
condition that far. The wheel is then
placed in an old barn and the remainder
of the Journey is made on foot The high
wayman had seen the teacher place her
wheel in the barn on previous days and
he awaited her coming at that point.
On the morning of the hold-up Miss
Gaines had left her valuable watch at
home, and the robber, who had evidently
calculated on making a haul, only se
cured the teacher's chain and her lunch
for the noonday meal.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 26.— Miss Bonnie
Gaines, the pretty and popular teacher
of Fountain district, near Ukiab, was
stopped by a highwayman Thursday
morning and relieved of her watch. chain
and. lunch. An alarm was given later,
but so far the man has evaded capture.
Erec'.al Dispatch to The Call.
Unchivalrous Out
lawTakes Lady's
Lunch. .
HIGHWAYMAN
ROBS PRETTY
SCHOOLMA AM
"I do not want to start the innovation, but If some one would start it I would
follow," she continued. "You know how old Mrs. As tor is? Well, she's eighty.
She's more than that, she's eighty-four. The poor old lady has one foot in tha
grave. Do you think I am her rival? I didn't know the newspapers out West
printed silly things. Just like New York papers, but I guess they do.
"Why, is it that newspapers print such silly things continuously about society
people and Newport and Harry Lehr? Harry Lehr.is a very ordinary man. I
mean that he is very unusual person. He Is Just Uke anybody else. I was at
places where, it is said, he had monkeys as guests and I didn't see any monkeys.
I never saw that bracelet and purse the papers said he wore on his wrist and I
know he has not done any of the silly things charged to him. All society peo
ple know that such stories as these are not true, but «till the papers keep on
printing them and the sillier they are the more space they get. And then re
porters come to me and seriously ask me If the stories are not true. Why. Just
this morning there was a young man here who asked me if It was true that the
Astor baby had a golden cradle."
Mrs. Fish, who had punctuated her remarks with hearty laughter, seemed
particularly amused at the golden cradle story.
"American women ought to go into politics." said she. "they are so clever it
is a shame for them to have their brains on society. Did you ever stop to think
how much Influence women In high position could have In political affairs if she
devoted her abilities to them? Why don't I go Into politics? I have been trying
to for two years. No, I wouldn't go to the polls as they now are and vote in a
booth attached to the rear of some saloon and neither should respectable men.
Such 'things should be changed. Some day conditions will be altered and then
women will be able to rote and retain their self respect. Women should take
part in the important affairs of the time and use their power for the good of
the country.", ,
. , In concluding the interview Mrs.. Fish said that the leaders of the four hun
dred are just like other women. She happened to glance at her picture In a
morning newspaper. A pained expression was noticeable at once and she turned
to Miss Camp ton and said: ."Just look at that hat!"
of the New Tork four hundred and recognized as one of the "sw*llesf*
matrons at Newport. Mrs. Fish was talking about the gowcs^worn by Ameri
can women. Continuing, Mrs. Fish said:
"I would, not like to be the President or the President's wife. I should not
like to have to eat with negroes.- I do not believe In equality— it would never
da. We cannot mix with the negro at all and negro equality will never coma
about. ! There will always be classes In this country. We are coming more and
more to have an aristocracy and common people. I do not believe In being too
Reverting to the subject of gowns the grand dame continued:
"I think that In dress the American women Imitate Europe too much. Amer
ican makers build Just as handsome and as costly gowns as the Parisians and if
some one would only start the pace American gowns would bo worn."
Mrs. Fish, while making this statement, was compelled to naively admit that
she had her own gowns ; built in Paris.
: "^^T.~ LOUIS." Sept. 2S.— "Mrs." Roosevelt, the wife of the President. Is Is said.
A dresses on $300 a year— and she looks it."
¦ This startling statement was made in the Southern Hotel by Mrs. Stuy
¦^^ vesant Fish, wife of the president of the Illinois Central Railroad, leader
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish Passes Criti*
cism Upon President's Wife.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— Army orders:
Captain Samuel F. Bottoms, artillery
commissary, goes from Chicago to' San
Francisco, thence to the Philippines.;- The
leave of absence granted Captain "Charles
E.cStanton, paymaster, Department of
California, is extended one month .
Ordered to the Philippines.
SAVANNAH, - Ga., Sept. : 26.— George
Harry Qlsen and Jack Johnson, a sailor
boarding-house keeper and. his assistant,
were arrested to-day by the United States
authorities, charged with forcibly taking
eight , negroes of this city and putting
them on board a Russian bark as sailors.
The men are now penniless In London.
Alleged Crimps. Under Arrest.
"This ; problem ' I believe I have solved
in my, present electric tube lighting sys
tem by confining the high voltage entirely
within a transformer case' that "is'abso
lutely danger-proof, either to life or prop
erty." . >..
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.— Artificial
daylight has-been made a .commercial'
reality. , Charles M. > Schwab, • • the steel"
king,' has signed a contract for the illu
mination" with' the. new light of .his. mag
nlflcent new mansion, covering a block on
Riverside drive, New York. •
This marks the realization of scientists'
"dreams"— a" light that' will" h'ave .all. the"
qualities of the sun's rays. So wonderful
is the light, so devoid of heat, so beauti
ful in the softness of its glow, so lacking
in any element of danger under any and
all conditions, that scientific men have
unhesitatingly pronounced it perfection-
Several ' oculists have even" declared that
the new light is less harmful to the eye
than nature's illumination itself.
The inventor of this light, the introduc
tion of which promises to effect a greater
amount of invested capital than any oth'er
invention of the age, is D. McFarlane
Moore,. a native, of Pennsylvania, and for
a time' a ¦ student in Lehiga University.
The system, even In Its early stage of
laboratory experimenting, became known
throughout the- scientific : world as the
Moore system. of electric tube lighting.
The electric wiring of houses Is a,' thins
of the past. , The light Is to, be piped as
gas and water are piped to-day. .
Discussing his new light with The Call
correspondent, Moore said: ¦.'.'•
"The bona fide vacuum tube has always
been associated with high, voltages to
properly operate It. • and, although ¦ theo
retically it has long been acknowledged
to possess certain properties that indicat
ed that it w would be the light of the fu
ture, nevertheless the serious problem al
ways presented itself as to how it could
be made thoroughly commercial with its
attendant high. voltage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rivals SuA's Rays
and Is Piped
Like Gas.
ARTIFICIAL
DAYLIGHT IS
A REALITY
Pages2lto32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903— FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
The San Francisco CallBERLIN, Sept. 26.— Several riots oc
curred here to-day owing to > the striking
omnibus men surrounding the vehicles
driven by non-strikers, beating the driv
ers and cutting the harness of the horses.
Police, mounted and on foot, charged
mobs which were breaking windows on
the Moritz platz.
Strikers Riot in Berlin.
AnJS^F^?-- *V S - Sept 26.— The Franco-
American line Pteamer Gallla from Naples for
rk %T th S?° '"^Grants aboard was
towed here this afternoon by the tank steamer
Narraganeett. Her crankshaft ;Vw 1>S
LONDON, Sept 26.— The steamer War
saw has landed at Leith fourteen mem
bers of the crew of the Dutch steamer
Sophie Annet, who it was feared had been
drowned by the foundering, of the steam,
er. The Warsaw tried to tow the Sophie
Annet to Leith, but tha latter sank.
Wrecked Mariners Land at Leith.
Colonel Blake to-day charged that cer
tain leaders of the Clan-na-Gael In the
United States have a secret understand
ing with the British Government. They
are, he asserts, traitors to the Irish cause
and have been since tho inception of the
Boer war, though he pays the rank and
file of the clan the tribute of saying they
are honest and Sincere.
"The members of the clan have been
deluded and betrayed," he said, "and are
rapidly finding it out and quitting tht
organization. I boldly charge that cer
tain leaders had an understanding with
Joseph Chamberlain when he visited the
United States on the eye, of the war. It
la in consequence of this that Chamber
lain returned to England and announced
that no one need fear the Irish in the
United States. It was in consequence of
this tha* they expelled from the clan
every member who enlisted in my regi
ment—that they expelled every member
who even suggested the destruction of
the British mule camp at New Orleans.
These men have squandered more than
$1,000,000 Irish funds, for which they have
made no accounting."
To-morrow Colonel Blake says he will
produce documentary proof of his asser
tions.
OMAHA, Neb., Sept. 26.— Colonel \J: F.
Y. Blake, commander of the Irish Bri
gade in South Africa during the Boer ;
war, is in Omaha, having arrived from
Boston to-day, whither he will rdturn
Monday. Colonel Blake comes to deliver
the address of the evening at the Emmeti
memorial in Washington Hall Sunday
night under the auspices of the United
Irish Leagrue.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Thousands of
visitors to Coney Island were thrown Into
a panic to-day by the escape from an
amusement park of a lion, which ran
through the crowded streets pursued by
police and animal trainers, until he was
driven Into a corner and secured.
The lion, on being brought out of his
cage to. go through a ring performance
with an elephant, suddenly became en
raged and, leaping on the elephant's
back, buried his teeth and paws in the
big animal's shoulder. Trumpeting loud
ly, the elephant rushed around the ring
and finally succeeded in gripping the lion
with his trunk, tore him from his hoH
and hurled him into a lagoon near by.
By this time the terrified audience hau
flc-d and had communicated the panic to
the crowds in the streets. The lion scram
bled, half-drowned, out of the lagoon and
leaped through a window into a barroom
and thence to the street. When cap
tured the lion appeared to be weary ana
was more frightened than , any of his
pursuers.
TRAITORS INJURE
TRE IRISH CAUSE
Mrs. Shields had just returned from Og
den, where she was a delegate from this
county to the Irrigation- Congress. She
had charge of the Sacramento County ex
hibit at the Atlanta Exposition and has
been foremost in all movements looking
to the Improvement of horticulture In this
county. She was a member of the Cali
tornia Promotion Committee of San Fran
cisco and of the State Board of Trade
and was well known all over the State.
¦-'• At.- 12:30 o'clock"' to-night word was re
ceived from the hospital that Mrs. Shields
had expired. It was found on her arrival
there that she was suffering from internal
hemorrhages. Her son's injuries did hot
appear to be dangerous, but he was too
dazed to give an account of the, accident.
From a passenger on the car* It was
learned that Mrs. Shields and. her son
were unable to get out of the way of the
car in time, evidently not hearing the
warning bell.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 26.— Mrs. Eliza
beth Shields, mother of Superior Judge
Peter J. Shields and one of the most
prominent orchardists in Sacramento
County, met her death in an accident to
night. Her son. Robert Shields, received
serious injuries in the same accident.
Mrs. Shields and- her son were driving
along Twenty-eighth* street to-hjght.when
they came into collision with- aistreetcar,
which was going- at a high rate of speed.
Mother and^ son were thrown forcibly to
the gTOund 'and when they inirc picked
up and conveyed to the Sisters' : Hospital,
a few : blocks away, it was found that
both were seriously injured.
Special Dlip&tch to Tfc* Call.
LION ESCAPES
FROM TRAINERS
The two men hid in the woods until
dark and then advanced cautiously to
where a faint candle light showed
through tho window. Tiptoeing carefully
to the window the Sheriff could hear men
talking. They made a rush and caught
the fugitive unprepared.
Thinking- he would go to his brother's
ranch for shelter and food, the Sheriff
made his way to the place yesterday af
ternoon, accompanied by a deputy.
The Sheriff learned several days ago
that the fugttive's real name is Hamlln,
instead of Burke, and that he has a
brother living in the woods six miles
from Vancouver.
The Sheriff grot th« drop on Burks whll*
the fugitive's runs and ammunition were
laid aside. Despite the "fact that he was
looking down the muzzle of the' officer* a
Elx-ehooter. Burk* uttered a curse and
bolted for liberty. A ball was sent
through his left arm and another through
his right thigh.
In this unhappy plight he struggled pit
ifully against capture. This final display
of desperation was characteristic of the
man's demeanor since his capture for for
gery and his subsequent escape from Jail.
Had he gt>t hold of a gun or been warned
of the Sheriff's approach a pitched battle
would have ensued.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 28.— J. H. Burke,
the desperate escaped prisoner from Hills
boro Jail, was shot twlcs by Sheriff E. S.
Beisecker and captured this evening at
bis brother's cabin, ¦ aix miles north of
Vancouver. ¦ •
Sp«cUl Difpateh to Th« C&IL
Escaped Criminal Tries to Gut His
Guns but Failing: Starts to
Sun. and Is Struck
Twice.
Wkllo Driving "With Her Son a Col
lision With a Street Car Oc
curs and He Is Also ' ,
Hurt. .
Mother of Superior Judge Is
Thrown From Her
-'t Carriage.
Sheriff Rushes Upon the Des
perado in a Lonely
¦ Cabin.
Mrs. Elizabeth Shields
of Sacramento Killed
Forger Burke "Wounded
and Captured Near
Vancouver.
NOTED WOMAN
MEETS DEATH
IN ACCIDENT
BULLETS END
FLIGHT OF
AN OUTLAW
PARIS, Sept. 26.— The horrible suicide
of five persons has been discovered <_at
Abbeville, in the little community of
Longpre les Corps Saints,, on the road
from Amiens to Boulogne. 4 The ' bodies
were found in a pool of water near the
railway stat'Ion^ behind the gas works.
A; hotel-keeper; -M." Dumesnil; had taften
advantage/of the line weather to go fish
ing in the pool. He was first 'surprised, to
see • four, liats,":belonglng apparently to a
man, a woman and two little girls, float
ing on the surface of the water. He next
was horrified to discover r the' body of- a
littie child floating , near the « bank ' and
went, to inform the nearest forest guard
A crowd collected, "and, with the help
of a pole, the body of tne child was taken
out . of the pool. It was that of a little
girl about 2 years old. On, further search
four more bodies strung together by cords
were : taken • out-, of the pool. J They • were
those of a man, a woman about 33 years
old, and two. little girls, one about 8, the
other : 12 years old. All were decently
dressed. . From . a card Jn'. the man's
pocket he was fouttd" to have been a com
mercial employe, Vallery Juibs .Tlrmache
living at No. 6 Rue Voltaire, Paris. The
woman -had 50 ; francs ¦ in ¦ a purse which
was found, in her. pocket
i On inquiry it was learned that Tirmache
had for the last, few \ months frequently
spoken of his intention to commit . sui
cide. "He had been in' business a year ago
in the. Rue Grenata. Since, he left that
place to enter another he had earned only
200 francs per month. With his wife and
Special Cable 'to The Call and New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Balfour' regards Lord*, Milner as vital
to the success of the Cabinet and is will
irtg'to postpone the reconstruction of thW
Ministry Indefinitely so long, as there is
a chance of getting . the high commis
sioner for South Africa, to accept the va
cant post. If, after personal appeals,
Lord : Milner persists ' in his r refusal the
Earl of Selborne probably will take over
the charge of the Colonial office, though
all of the remaining members ofi the Cab
inet frankly say that the Earl of. Sel
borne's removal ' from the .Admiralty
would be a serious disadvantage 4o the
Government.
LONDON, Sept. 26.-Lord Milner haa not
accepted .the colonial secretaryship as
was stated in a report current here {his
evenine. It Is learned, however, that he
contemplated leaving Carlsbad for Eng
land'for the purpose of conferring with
Premier Balfour and was- likely to arrive
at the beginning of next week. So de
termined was Lord Milner , to refuse a
Cabinet office that he told his friends
only a few days ago that he would re
main on the Continent for a ( long rest.
His arrival in London and his change of
plans doubtless will give rise to many re
ports of. hi* acceptance of the colonial
secretaryship, but probably several days
will elapse before Lord Milner .himself
can definitely decide whether or not he
can, see his way. clear • to overcome the
difficulties , which prompted him to' refuse
the offer made him to ' become Minister
Chamberlain's successor.
Other reports circulated here announc
ing, a serious hitch In the-reconstruction
of the Cabinet are based solely updh a
general lack , of knowledge of Lord Mil
ner's intentions. .
TRAGIC SUICIDE
OF A FAMILY
MILNER EVADING
CABINET DUTIES
BERLIN, Sept 26.— A high speed trial
over the Zossen experimental electric rail
road to-day resulted in attaining a 5peed
at the rate of more than 117 miles per
hour. Every part of the 100-toa car was
Intact and the roadbed was noraffected.
The fact that the machinery and roadbed
were not impaired gives every hope of at
taining speed at the rate of. 123 miles per
hour.
Electric Car Attains High Speed.
and must voluntarily submit to a regime
of healthful living 1 , such as farm work.
They will have good, moral surroundings
end must pay 43 cents a day. Patients
may stop three years In the Institution.
three children to care for, ha complained,
he could not live decently on such earn
ings.
The concierge of the house in Rue Gre
nata. where the family lived, said the
family had been living there for the last
six years. They occupied a lodging of 240
francs rent per year on the first floor and
had always paid the rent promptly. The
police in Paris are at loss to explain the
mystery.
To Have Home for Drunkards.
BERLIN, Sept. 26.— The city of Dresden
will open on October 1 the first Institution
for the care of drunkards on the Conti
nent. Patients must be examined as to
their sanity and be diagnosed as curative,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
22
jBBHBHHHHHiaBBBiaUBBfllHBBgfl&aBSBflMlB
{ --— -Trn-rMTiiTiTrnirinTrriiiiiMiiiwiiiiiM ' ' i n mi 1111111 ¦¦¦¦ ¦
O
1 Why take chances of your life when we can cure you p
j without pain or risk. You do not pay a cent till cured. Hun- ¦
j ,dred5 of your neighbors have been cured. Call and we will g
i give names and addresses. You can go and see them about it ¦
l Consultation is free. 1 ¦* -4 v ? — '$"¦ S
! ¦ ¦ : — :" / S
i FIDELITY RUPTURE /CURE 1
1 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. |
!inaniniumginiOU |aiI ' IIIin Hi |11
IE. •RTTT.'MXH'S SWAMP-BOOT.
k!D\CY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
A Sample Bottle Sent rRCC by MalL
Dr. Kilmer's Bwamp-Root, the rreat
fcifiney reaeay, fulfills every wish In
promptly curing: kidney, bladder and uric
add troubles. rbeuxnaUsin and pain In tne
back. It corrects inability to bold water
¦ end ecaldlng pain in passing It, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wln» or
t>eer, and overcome* that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being: compelled to go often
durtcg th» day and to get up many times
Curing tho night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Bwamp-Root Is soon
rep Used. It stands tbe highest for Its
wonderful cures of tbe most distressing
cases.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but If you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric add trouble you will find
It Just tbe remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should hav«
the best. Sold by druggists In fifty-cent
end one-dollar eizes. You may have a
eample bottle of this great kidney rem-
edy, Swamp-Root, and a book that tells
all about It and Its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mall. Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. T. When
writing, be sure to mention that you read
this generous offer In The San Francisco
Sunday Call. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr.
ICllxner's Swarsp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton, N. T.. on every bottle.
I WILL GIVE $1000
Any Lump in a
HQUrS BREAST fS flNB
A lump or sore on tbe lip, face or anywhere
six months is nearly always cancer. 1 20 page
book cent free with testimonials of thousands
cured «-hom you can see.
The Dr. S. R. Chamley Cancer CnreCo.
"Strictly Reliable" Two lady assistants, i
23 and 25 Third St., San Francisco !
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
SOHEMIAti
Pcre, Pole koA Sparkling. Bottled 8
Only et the Brewery in St, Louli. I
SOLD EVERYWHERE. |
BXLBE&T MERCANTILE CO.. fi
Pacific Coast Agir.ts. .' A
\ . '
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
Museum of anatqby$
0 £*& :»iKAS2:K.ir..c:k4?i.:.r.:i.i
\ Or 7 bc Laff«t An»;(.m;cal Museum in the \
Q m^"9*^m^ World. Ueakacsses cr i-.y contracted A
• )MX&1 c.s-r.se p«.UI.^I, ror , dbythro , de>t tf
O j^nl ipeci. :iit on ihe Coijt. IiiL3ty-iri Q
A fi^-^d CR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN t
!I^W^H Cor.rultitioo free ar.d ttrictljr rrirate. \
I >**£. \\ Treaanen * personal 1 jr or by letter. A A
1 [f If ¦P">" t «w Curt in erery case undert*ien. \
f 1 '/ 11 W *'rite for Book. rBILOIiOPBV*! A
¦ If jPl EtaiMGE, MAILED HEK, (Af
A il II- n >u*t>'e b°°^ *<* Bra) \
V OB. JOBDASi & CO.. 1051 Market Kt..S. F. V
STATEMENT
OF THE
• CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\ T LIVERPOOL. EKGLAXD. on the 31st I
**~r cay of Decerr.J>er, A. D. 1902. and for the I
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
«uranc» Ccrcn:lsFlcner of the State of Californ.a
pursuant to the provisions o; Sections 610 and
Cll of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
02811 $ 500.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Cash Market Va'ue of oil Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$1,415,OS1 00 I
Cash !n Banks 215 695 00
Interest due and accrued on ail ' I
Stocks and Loans 16.399 ©0
Premiums In due course of Col-
lection 19L7C7 00
Bills Receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,013 00
Total Assets $1,842,955 OO
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid ")
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense .$ 139 275 00
Losses resisted, ipdudlne ex- ""—'o w
penses ~ J
Gross premiums on Marine a'nd"J j
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
re-insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time " 1*2.120 00
Risks, I ; re-insurance 00
per cent J
Due and accrued for Salaries Rent.
etc., and eundry creditors 6L815 00
Total LUbUitlet S 343.210 00
— — — — _ __—
INCOME.
ICet Cash *ctual'.y received for
Marine premiums < 675 Tfift rtn
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 43.433 00
Total Income $ C2L253 00
EXPENDITURES. S==
Net amount peld for Marine Losses
• (including $ , lugses of pr»- -f *. <¦
vlous year?) $ 325 7C2 00
Dividends to Stockholders 5o'(Wi nn
Paid fcr Salaries. Fees, and other '
oharces for officers, clerks, etc.. 4g 77* ¦»!
raid ror State. National and lx>- ••"»«*
cal Taxes 6 4C<M59
All other payments and expendl-
tUTe « • C12 00
Total Expenditures 9 430.611 00
Losses Incurred during the year $ SlS.OCcToo
lUrks and Premiums. I Mar. Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $60,307,970 *5C3 7*>6 Oft
Net amount of Risks NWlM TO
expired durlnc the
>ear 68.769.215 659,641 00
Net amount In force
December 31. IS02.. 8.4«8.S40 142,120 00
J. WILLIAMSON. Prest.
JOHN GICK, Secy.
Subscribed *nd r-worn to before me this 23d
day or January. 1903. WM. PIERCE,
U. S. Deputy Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.
GENERAL AGENTS.
J.B. P. DAVIS & SON, Managers,
215 Sansome St , SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Telephone Private Exchange 68.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ , . - ¦ ¦ - ,
£r - 'Determihied Enterprise ill w\
$ have put us away at the head of || g\
M In rich two-tones: floral. Oriental and Persian— Far Eastern f%Qn §j \^ X^Jj^^ 5
fcj] designs. A large choice of patterns. By the yard, sewed. Ut/ v ra N^w /« vl'^i // *$A
1 \ mt "tadf^tdy rrin^ft '%" I
y Cashmere; tans and reds and greens in rich floral, scroll. *> /% H T niFs^
fcj Persian and wreath desiens; a perfect garden*of harmonious oat- g|l|/t H I Jgw *1^
|l terns and an exceptionally larce selection from which to choose, y If W r-i li Jew V?^.
i Soft, luxurious carpets, with a wealth of life and color. Reproduc- M " 1\ y^SSS^ I
/ Soft bud clusters on wood-colored ground; shaded forest \\ /ij H hf )J 3*^^^ **G$lffi^ \\
f greens and copies of old French Salon designs. By the yard. fR£ t^\| H // J 11 *"*^ jr -_ Ih
! fTT^HPITF AYMTNKTFR^ i I i-^l % <^&£^¥^-^&m
| i3x x il 1 11 j lllull"Jr IJLJL /iAi*\ll)ij 1 C£\t3. fj <- .-;»¦¦ ¦ »-j iii^aipiiijpfrTw^Tmj^rr J?^^^Sr
I Turkish designs on camel's hair ground; • Cereband on dark blue H J//jfliLi/<\JjSL I^/-Jrl_/ V^*?yvr^77/ W^mx^^^^ "
a ground; Indico blue with the Empire wreaths; floral /* i» a E ill I iKu^kJ, l?JM*fkfl /jy/ljSr*\/'l v£> \
'] designs on ivory; heavy jrreen strewn with roses and «.! .7 U h b I In I fyjg&M&d/f A&4^*W F'/f(a&r$nfi£7 a
i softened with rich rose tints. A choice assortment. By u)l«c}(/ n / J (U 1 1 Jr*^frff(f It?/{~£JfC' r^fjrVfjN —» H
I Two yards wide; made of the best pulverized cork and lin- im H/l!*! {&zS \ $*^ ( [ in II it'wif F#
I seed oil; damp-proof and durable. A selection of patterns. By \j\O ffl (Sm, it T I X^Trjt 1 \ \, iJj_-r*Y^ /#*¦*! II S
1 Hundreds of rolls sold. They are those same 20- A P" f /®T X' A A > V^t\w#
S yard rolls, large enough for the average room; for- y CJk f r £ft rr m ! -\ C\'\\t\\ 11 1 | jffT 1' T 1 ¦ iii 11 nUj^r
-n merly 25c a yard. They are selling this week, by the WU9/V A J*&^jM&r K^^^gg 1^
f| from; Oriental designs and copies of rich Persian and Wai l/wi ]re§ V^SS»«^W f
M India workmanship; Bicelow. Imperial Axminsters. 9yii a (lt/ //- /eesi \Q
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wL Are uniformly, good. They ""do not vary. There A
1^1 never was an inferior Steck made. It is safe to. jffl
1 |^ buy a Steck Piano even without' seeing it. The Ma-
SI 1 Ste <k tone is a revelation of ¦ sweetness, sympa- 1 1
1 tHy and pOWef * The Steck action « a marvel of ' I /If
I 11 lightness of tone and artistic manipulation. ' \l\\
11 O« r »"beral terms will meet, your financial 1/ 1 1
I Basement Bargains >;-= 0 "™KSr ;
I suss? de &r™ * ;m^^^£SS!1 i :
I All arc in good condition. Cash or easy \ \\\r
¥ 931-933 /MARKET STREET, , * ;
||^\ .. SAN FRANCISCO. ' . l!
I VI Corner (jth Street and Broadway. I /fiw I !Engagement of Miss Mary Frances de Vilbiss and Ferdi
nand W. Boles of Winters Is Announced and the
Prominent Young People Are to Be Wedded Soon
PROMINENT YOUNG RESIDENTS
OF WINTERS IN TOLO WHO ARE
TO BE MARRIED.
CUPID MAKES CONQUEST
IN PICTURESQUE YOLO
TACOMA, Sept. 26.— Joe Davis, the rob
ber who held up a street car in Tacoma
on the night of the Fourth of July and
upon whom a watch was found that was
taken from a man in a street car hold-up
in Portland, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Snell to fourteen years in the pen
itentiary.
Street Car Robber Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 26.— Edward Sul
livan, a young man who was convicted of
having held up and robbed A. H. Burdell
of $90 last May, was this afternoon sen
tenced to twenty years' Imprisonment In
the State penitentiary. In pronouncing
sentence on Sullivan, Judge Smith gave
notice that his policy of dealing severely
with convicted highwaymen would be con
tinued.
"Such men as you," he said, addressing
the prisoner, "are dangerous to be at
large. The best place for you is behind
the bars of a State prison. No leniency
whatever will be shown in this court to
men of vour ilk."
One Robber Gets Twenty Years and
Others Can Expect No
Leniency.
HIGHWAYMEN MAY FEAR
A LOS ANGEIiES JTTRIST
Braggsby — I tell you the current Is
sue of the Purple Peony Is a swell one
from a literary standpoint. Waggsby —
That so? What is the name of your
contribution? — Baltimore American.
The largest mule on earth, a three
year-old Jennet, belonging to Michael
Murray of Hereford, iio.. will be exhi
bited at the "World's Fair, St. Louis.'
She is eighteen hands, or six feet, high
at the shoulders and weighs 1705
pounds.
SUISUN. Sept. 26.— Judge A. J. Buckles
has rendered a decision in the divorce
case of Robert J. Putton against Sadie
Sutton, In which he declares as unconsti
tutional the divorce law enacted by the
last Legislature. He says it is class leg
islation and therefore in conflict with the
provisions of the constitution. »
The new law provided that in case a
divorce Is feranted an interlocutory decree
should be issued, and that one year should
elapse from the time of the finding of
facts and conclusions of law before enter-
Ing judgment. This was Intended to pre
vent divorced persons from going Into
other States and remarrying before the
elapse of one year from the date of the
decree of divorce. The old law prohibited
divorced persons from remarrying in the
State until the elapse of one year.
Decision at Suisun Contains a Decla
ration Against Last Legisla
ture's Act.
SOLANO COUNTY JUDGE
OBJECTS TO DIVORCE LAW
The Dolphin had the Klondike or British
Yukon shipment of $500,000. It came con
signed to the Seattle assay office and the
Canadian Bank of Commerce of this city
from the Dawson branch of the institu
tion. Purser Robinson had In his chargo
on the voyage from the north the great
gold nugget taken from an Anvil Creek
bench September 8. The exact value of
this beautiful specimen is $33S3 50.
SEATTLE, Sept. 26.— Seattle's gold re
ceipts from the north yesterday amounted
to $1,220,000. This great treasure shipment
came from Nome and the British Yukon
on the steamers Ohio, Senator and Dol
phin. These three vessels brought SCO
passengers.
VESSELS FE03I THE 1T0RTH
FREIGHTED WITH TSEASTTRB
Purser of the Steamer Dolphin Brings
a Three-Thousand-Dollar
Nugget.
Sentence Imposed on Man Who Killed
Another in Card Game
Quarrel.
REDDING, Bept 26,-Pred Craven Jr.,
recently found guilty of murder In the
second decree for killing Frank Rowe at
Whitmore as the result of a quarrel # over
23 cents in a card game, was sentenced by
Judge Head to ten years' imprisonment
this morning.
TEN YEABS IN PRISON
THE PENALTY FOB CRAVEN
WOB-KMAIT IN SAWMHX
MEETS TEB.RIBLE DEATH
Nearly Penetrates His
Body.
Piece of Timber Strikes Him and
REDDING, Sept 26.— Antonio Luso was
the victim of a fatal accident that oc~
curred this morning at McCloud, the
big lumber camp east of SIsson. Luao
met his death In a horrible manner. He
was at work at a big saw and while feed
ing a log to it the saw struck a hard knot.
Instantly the big piece of nearly squared
timber flew back with lightning rapidity
and struck Luso In the abdomen. It hit
with such force that it came near going
through his body. He fell- to the floor of
the mill dead.
School Bonds in. San Mateo.
BAN MATEO, Sept. 26.— At a meeting: of
the Union High School Board last night
It was decided to call an election to vote
on the Issuance of ten-year bonds In the
sum of $23,000. This amount will coVer
the balance due on buildings and grounds,
to which the board Is anxious to obtain a
clear title. The election will be called as
soon as the necessary legal steps can be
taken, and there is every probability that
the measure, will carry.
Mr. Spinney was attended In his last Ill
ness by Mra. C. H. Dexter, an old ac
quaintance. He came to this city seven
months ago for treatment for a complica
tion of diseases from which he had suf
fered for years. The direct cause of death
was hemorrhages of the stomach. Mr.
Spinney is survived' by a son and a
daughter, both of whom reside In this
city. The remains will be sent to Fresno
to-day for burial.
Fitzgerald is now In Jail and will be
held for murder If Milne does not re
cover.
The fight took place at Fernle. Milne
Is an American and came recently from
Butte f Mont. Milne and Fitzgerald met
on the street early this morning, Just af
ter the former had come oft work In the
night shift of the coal mine. They had
several drinks in a saloon and then got
into a quarrel about the Boer war.
Milne declared that the British were
cowards and that King Edward was no
bettor than the others. Fitzgerald
promptly began to fight, but he and Milne
were separated by friends. An hour later
Fitzgerald secured a long butcher knife
and came back to renew the dispute. He
sought out Milne and forced the Ameri
can to his knees, but Milne declined to
obey his command to repeat "God save
the ICIng" three times. Fitzgerald stabbed
him in the breast and stomach five times.
VANCOUVER, fe. C. Sept. 26.— Because
he refused to repeat "God Save the King"
and made unpatriotic allusions to his
Majesty Edward VII, Arthur Milne of
Fcrnie was this morning stabbed by Jack
Fitzgerald and now lies at the point of
death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boer War Dispute Leads
to an Attempt at
Murder.
His losses in business were numerous,
and his holdings at the time of his death
were of little value. His illness was of
long standing and he had been under con
stant medical treatment for several years.
Spinney's climb down the ladder was as
rapid as his ascent and dates from his
fir.3t venture into politics. Despite his
property and his big business undertak
ings, he could neither read nor write, but
he had much native shrewdneaa, and It
was this, coupled with his political meth
ods, that got him elected a member of
the Board of City Trustees. He was then
elected to the chairmanship of the Trus
tees, which constituted him the city's
Mayor, and all the city ordinances print
ed at the time were signed "Joseph Spin
ney, his mark.' 1 Afterward, however, he
learned to write his name.
He was elected Trustee three times, but
when he attempted to run for County
Supervisor he was overwhelmingly de
feated. It waa only when the new char
ter was put In force and the Trustees
were not elected on the votes^fof their
own wards that he was ousted from the
board.
FRESNO, Sept. 26.— Joseph Spinney, a
former Mayor and once one of the wealth
iest men In Fresno and by far the most
unique figure ever known In local politics,
died this morning at San Francisco after
a long Illness.
Spinney was a native of Cadiz, Spain,
and came to this country when he was
about 12 years old. It was In April, 1877,
that he first came to Fresno, where he
established a brickyard. Everything for
a time seemed to turn to money for him.
He planted a slxteen-acre vineyard close
to town, he built a three-story brick
building in the business section, he pur
chased a wheat ranch of 640 acres, he
erected rows of cottages and became a
stockholder in the First National, Fresno
National, Fresno Loan and Savings and
People's Savings banks. He was also a
stockholders in the Belmont Street Car
Company. ., j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIERY BRITON
STABS AMERICAN
GIBL BIDEB, OF RANGES
GOES TO BEFORM SCHOOL
Alics Bloyd, Accused of Stealing a
Horse, Committed by Shasta
Judffe.
HETDDING. Sept. S6.— Alice Bloyd. a 15
year-old girl, will go to the Whlttier Re
form School. Judge Charles Head signed
her commitment this afternoon. ' The girl
WUM arrested some tim« ag-o on a charge
of stealing a horse from the Lelghton
range on the Stillwater. She is an orphan,
having no guardian, and living from place
to place, but ppending most of her time
on the wild ranges riding after cattie and
borees. She was never arraigned on the
charge, neither was she imprisoned. Her
only relatives are a grandfather, who Is
Jr. the County Hospital, and a brother In
the Napa asylum.
Former Mayor Spinney
of Fresno Passes
From Life.
WOODLAND, Sept. 26. — The en
gagement of Miss Mary Fran
ces de Vilblss and Ferdinand
W. Boles of Winters has been
announced, and the wedding
will be solemnized early next week. The i
event will be of more than ordinary In
terest on account of the social prominence
of the two young persons.
*The bride-to-be Is the oldest daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. de Vilbiss. well
known residents of Yolo County. The
family was Identified with the pioneers In
the development of the fruit industry In
Western Yolo, and has been prominent In
society, business and politics for many
years.' Miss de Vllbiss Is a sister of the
late John S. de Vilbiss, for many years
proprietor of the principal hotel in West
ern Yolo, also of the late Leonard de Vil
biss. who was an active and Influential
leader In politics, as well as an enterpris
ing fruit grower. She is an accomplished
and charming young woman and very
popular In the community in which she
has been reared and educated.
Mr. Bowles is the Winters agent of the
Earl Fruit Company. He has been In the
employ of that firm for about seven
years.
DEATH CLOSES
EVENTFUL CAREER
!?HE SAN FBASCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
23
, DB. PIE3CE-S KEMEDIESv
BTMRTLEB
By some sudden sound she drops the
vase upon.the floor. She is nervous and
may be told that nervousness is a luxury
which only a .^
rich woman can { _ /~—^ / *~)
afford to indulge rfjjf^Tj
in. Nervousness fir
has cost many a <t% "5 ur
times when worn- v?
en run raachin- jg*£^^§2ifip%j>
ery the price of w ? 4^£jSiLj|l£#
nervousness is Mwi 'w'tt^Sr
haps the whole \\%, «
hand crushed. t \/^\^xs\ %
Nervousness in t\^ §1
women is com- gj v |»i
xnonly but a S Vv <^flk
womanlydisease. R^\ii^^^Pi
such cases to ifi^^ffl«M?S
« doctor » for the M$i^w¥&h
nerves alone. B^^^^KV»^^a
Cure the diseases Wmf^^^^mt
which attack the
delicate woman- "^j§*Us2ffi|p&»P^
ly organism and ™
nerrousness will rr^-y
be cured also. fsLC. <&£"**
Dr. Pierce's *&&%$£'¦+-
Favorite Pre-^^ L - riJL
scription makes weak women strong,
sick women well. It establishes regular-
ity, dries weakening drv ins, heals inflam-
mation and'ulceration, and cures female
weakness. It tranquilixes the nerves and
induces refreshing sleep. .
"In the fall of 1S97, 1 was troubled with nerv-
ou«ne«», headache, heart trouble, and female
weakness, " writes Mi*s Blanch M. Bracer, of
gala, Oswego Co., N. Y. "Last summer I wrote
you and you advised me to try your ' Favorite
Prescription ' and ' Golden Medical Discovery.'
I did so and I began to improve rapidly. Con-
tinued taking the raed'eise, half a dozen each of
•Farorite Prescription* and 'Golden Medical
Discorery ' for the space of five months, and in
less than a year had regained my former health."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets clear the
muddy complexion.
TTEV? ADVERTISEMENTS.
EANDRTJTF DON'T WASH OUT.
Tlie Germ That Causes. It Has to Bs
Destroyed to Cure Dandruft.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a
v.'eek scouring her scalp, thinking that by
scrubbing off the scurf the will cure the
dandruff. Two hours a week, at the age
cf ¦<£> years, she has spent 2G0 days of
twelve hours each, or two-thirds of a
year of her life, in that vain hope— vain
because you can't cure dandruff without
killing the dandruff germ, and the only
hair preparation rm earth that -will do
that Is Nc-wbro's "Herploide." Also a de-
lightful halrdresFlng and thorough anti-
peptic against all contagion from use of
others' hair brushes. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in Ftamps for sample
to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
1£ Dyspeptic
Ctii bv American Ph\rt\na*$ nearly CO vean.
Corr«>ct! heartburn, acidity; regulates the
botrcia. removes fermenting matter and
prepares the stomach to digest proper food.
SOr. ted SI . st DrcrsitU or by mall from
THE TA1RANT CO.. 21 J*v Strett KewYerk
m
Nature is bountiful on thi:
Ccast. Why should anyone
suffer from poverty?
Schilling's Best, and the
ccaling in h, lift-up .lift-up
lift-up.
At row (>«•'¦ » woncUc!!.
- ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
A Beautiful Michigan Belle Cured of Catarrh of the
Stomach by Pe-ru-na.
before me, that Peruna is a most wonderful T >^^^Smlj /i^Cu^^r^ S^O'RQVN«n^/^^>
medicine for catarrhal and stomach Jv%P7|V4B ttJ^jTs v<A\/
"/ suffered so long with indigestion and \&uzUtff>Jr/ \Sfv^Ki^'
dyspepsia, and tried so many things to cure %£j*Q*& X \\ wMVj
me, without relief, that I made up my mind fel^SSv 1 «vSi
Peruna, determined to give it a thorough \§ I W*
groat majority of cases depends upon fl I i I
* J^Z?P*' "^^Dt*5SwNi1^^ x =-'t[ I ra P 1(1 «atln«;, drlnlilng- lc* water, the ns« m« to try Pernna, as It had made her
j4/'* v." . y/i>,^^&/) of alcoholic atlmulants and many other well and Btrontr. i began to take It, and
3 }>&¦ ))% ~^>\ Indiscretions. i n a few day 3 begran to feel stronger, and
: ?C/y MIsa Camilla Chnrtier. 6 "tt>at Lexlnff- tro ™ tn » first dose I slept at night with-
> *«^«i/' J&4$&*J^^v£{^'2M£ ton st - Baltimore, Md., writes: out awakening. I took only two bottles;
" Late suppers 9radua " / affected m * di - "--" w-hSk'-asrsLS^
\0&%8? i> wrf gestion and made me a miserable dysaeptic, t0 "-
WS^^P^WlI suffering intensely at times. , took several s.^S.yXcaS
y jV kinds of medicine which were prescribed by ever locate*!. The reason ko many cases
I Hiffprpnt nhytirinrt hut otill rnnHn,, a J L of d y s P«Psia suffer on an.1 on withiut any
if Zs&&*£' ailterent physicians, but still continued to relief, trying thi3 medicine and that med-
T» **££$ suffer. But the trial of one bottle of Pe- ieino, is that these conditions aro not reo
? runa convinced me that it would rid me of og ? lzed M ca tarrh of the stomach
[L -rff^r^Vi/ .. • , , Any one suffering from dysp*-ps!a. hav-
PTni m^^^art^rf this trouble, so I continued taking it for sev- lne: tried the ordinary remedies without
[ iiH^ eral weeks and I was in excellent health. SroV^Sr h 5
j %!&$&£ ' having gained ten pounds. — Camilla phould at once be^in a courso of Peruna.
NlillHtlrti^ftyWSag^?'^-^^. "~*^sJHIIl/ Chartier. Peruna is sure to euro tht>se cases. 1c
rHTSS CHTnTMT^ f^Vl^vH^l 1 * 1 Mrs - JessIe Colton. 439 East Nineteenth If you do not derive protapt and satis-
1 AlOa V^aiiliUq V^Uai \.VCl \ B t.. New York City, writes: factory results from the use of Peruna.
• "Through overwork and anxiety In my write at once to Dr. Hartman, jrlvinff a
business I was very much run down. Had full statement of your case, and he will
Catarrh of the stomach may have been 1 loss of appetite, and, what was worse be pleased to give you his valuable advice
set- up by an extension of the catarrh | than that, loss of sleep at night. I was gTatis.
from the throat or head. It may be .In- afraid I would have to consult a physi- Address r>r. Hartman. President of The.
duced by late suppers, indigestible diet. | clan, when one of my customers advised Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
' m ADVURTISEMXNTS. '
i ' ' $
| 818-820 /AARK^T 5TV \5AH FPANdSCO. |
I Veiling. Velvet Ribbon, i
£f Mallne or Illusion, in white, black. Cut PrlCCS en Al Best Quality. 8
9 SS i?c R vard V s^cT a i an<1 "*'' Sc No " «-»*• » ri ~ Oc >***• Rectal 4o S
£ Fna ioc >ar<J, special »c or 10 rards for 35c «
O; All silk veiling In Tuxedo ppider jco. \{^ — R eK- price 8c yard. Special, flo Q
j^ web. fancy mesh; Tee. 35o yard; spe- or io yards for ? C5c fjt
<> clal at l."5c No. 3 — Rer. rrlce 10c yard. Special. He Q
5 Mallr.e »ck Puffs, all colors; rejf. or 10 yards for ...... .... ---vv -Jg£ 8
£ 20c. on *a]e MONDAY and TL'ES- N £ r W^ rt ;£ lte » ar * SpeCl<^.SSS g
| DAY Precial at 12*C *?&&%£ i^ y VrdV S^Val. lie g
X or 10 yerds for • V 9*'«" *
rt Ifift Piters of imported veil- No. 7— Stjoclal ia *i.?* a JS O
X ZUIJ i^Es; rep. 35c, special tp or niece of 10 ya.rdB .......9 l.-MJ »
S *- uw Monday and Tuesday IhO No. 9-1H In. ride. Special.. .31« >ard M
« at '"*' Ko- 12—2 m- *rt<» e - Special . .2-o >ard «
O __11111L_ No. 16— 2«4 la. wide. Special.. 2S<5 yard «
I Women's Belts.' br<k sweids -» 1
g A choice assortment of fabric and . IT ,,!,,„ 8
X rrtlk belts, i>eau de soie and Bilk fin- A complete garment, worn under <tf
V Ish. oxidized ractal back piece and the corset, for protection of all the W
X front buckle, a larpe variety of clothing. Always ready to wear, g
X handFome styles, rcg. value 75c. epe- needs no eewrinfi: in. sa\es time. W
g clal 4.v clothing and laundry bills. One shield 8
8 _----*o^ OR iy necessary for all your garments. 8
S rn doz. Women's Neck- aU s!zes ** Bc palr S
X-niJ wear. consisting o f it*^ — n
X *"* FtrckP. strings, lawn ties, |||P Bows of all kinds tied free of O
S white, black and colored. IUW s charge by our experts. o
tf*ft tFt i^ <f^ FOLDS, finest quality French Decorated IF* f\ S
S J* f U S H ij p CREPE PAPER for all kinds of fancy £» h S
O f B 39 \ U (I wor k 2- n d artistic decorations, comes in all O X
gfca \3 x f %sf handsome colorings and shades. Reg. price p()J(j *Q
ioc fold. Special 8
S QAITQflYCQ PORCELAIN — Decorated in clean cut Q^ o Co »
5 OttLl DUALO blue. Word Salt in front. Large Sire, hard- OHb Cdi g
j> wood cover, hinged. Rcg. 50c. Special.. = 53
I Raffia and Reed Gas Meter Indicator i
O -All sizes and colors kr?t In etock for Keep a record of your sra« used; slm- tt
P basket-making. pie and accurate; regular 25c; on sale o
g Trunks Folding fin-Part* x
g 175 strles to select from. Anjthln* ' UIUIII5 . UU"Ual l» Q
Q you vast In this line. Basket. Sole 20 different strles to select from, V
O leather. Overl&nd. Cabin, Wardrobe. Hat 92. 7S up to 9*1*30. jD
O &nd Ladies' iws Trunks, all at cut Rectinins Folding Oo-C&rts, six style*. O
I *""¦ Rparis Burnt Wood Baskets §
5 tjXJd UO IMITATION BURNT WOOD FOLDING. «
8 Indian. Vienna. Petrl and Seed Beads. WASTE AND PHOTOGRAPH BAS- CD
8 In all colors, for fancy work. KETS, 25c each. 8
g Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired. |
g Picture Frames of AH Descriptions Made to Order, g
\ A Walking
s v, Encyclopedia
; -^ n experienced excur-
I /^^^^i^*^^^^^ s^ on manager is in charge
\ S^^tSijf 1^^^^ °f t^ ie R 0^ Island tourist
i rjr sleeping cars, which leave i
\ V San Francisco |
j Mondars. Tuesdays and Thursdays ria El Paso.
\\ edacsdayi , Saturdays and Sundays via Colorado Springs.
I He is a walking encyclopedia of information
about trans-continental travel, and his sole duty
j is to help make your trip comfortable.
• f Call— or write — for folder pirinj foil , •m m ~-Jf5!?' *^tJi m r , j
> F. W. Thompson, G. W. A., .BvpOTr^t
3 623 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.f^^^^^^s^v Snpfj/jl Sailor S/ilp
"^^^S^^^^^r ur sa " or sa ' es are a ' wa y s warmly
welcomed by mothers. It is w^th
pleasure we announce a sale for Mon-
-^^^^^^^^ day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
A new shipment of sailors has just
Mi^^^M^^^^Vm\ been un P acked ? ncl the Y are certainly
.j^^0^m^^^^^^^ all you could wish for in stvle, while
theVlity is excellent. '
%^% '^IW^ INtPlli $Wf different ways, some with black braid,
*W$£MIM \ iSiL £%W others with red an d sti11 others with
%|^||J|f j^^^^^^W white. The material is a blue serge
m tw0 shades— navy and royal. The
a £? s are t0 years. The special
'^^^^^^^^^ P rice f° r tn ree days is
Wmm *fiillii or *^ e sa . me . three days youths'
0^^M % ' bl ue serge suits in single and double
-§lfiilf iit|8P breasted styles, ages 12 to 19 years,
fttSf \!w§\ Out-of-town orders filled— write us for 64-page illus-
740 Market StreetFalling Case Kills Tender.
John TVarnes, a hatchtender employed
on the ship Carondolet, now unloading at
Howard-street pier No. 3, waa instantly
killed last evening by being struck on the
head with a case of salmon. A sling of
salmon cases being hoisted from the hold
in some manner struck the hatch comb-
Ing, loosening the rope and causing one
of the boxes to fall from the sling, fifteen
feet above the deck. Warnes was struck
on the head and sustained a fractured
skull.; He was Immediately taken f o the
Harbor Hospital, but an examination
showed that death had no doubt resulted
instantaneously. The Coroner's 'office
was notified and the body removed to the
Morgue.
In the central provinces of India 513 per
eors were killed last year by wild beasts
and 1304 by snakes. Th«J number of do
mestic animals thus killed waa 12,000.
Charles Marco, charged by Mrs. Julia
Klein with robbing her of S6S00 and a gold
¦*-atch. was convicted of petty larceny by
A Jury last night and the verdict accepted
by Judge Lennon, Eitting for Judge Uw
lor. Mrs. Klein claimed she had drawn
{he money from a St. Louis bank and
brought it to this city to Invest at the
solicitation of Marco, and that he had
stolen It from her room during her tem
porary absence. There was lack of proof
that Mrs. Klein ever had the amount she
claimed to have lost and the jury ignored
the more perious charge, convicting Mar
co of stealing the watch.
Convicted of Petty Larceny.
There promises to be another large au
dience at Stelnway Hall to-night to ereet
Dr. Alex J. Mclvor-Tyndall. the wizard
of the mind, in some ft the marvelous
manifestations of invisible force which
have made him famous throughout the
world. The subject of the psychological
lecture will be "What is Clairvoyance?"
and it should prove -wonderfully Interest
ing to a great many. Dr. Mclvor-Tyn
dall will explain the principles of the
psychic faculty and the laws governing
its manifestations. . The difference be
tween clairvoyance and the power of the
spirit medium will be explained. The phe
nomena of clairvoyance, thought trans
ference and psychoma will engage tho
time followinff the lecture.
Dr. TyndalPs Lecture.
TEACHERS READ PAPERS
ON MANUAL TRAINING
cupies Attention of Interested
Students.
Important Field of School Work Oc-
Fifty teachers who compose the North
ern. California Association of Manual
Training held an important meeting In the
Polytechnic High School yesterday morn-
Ing. Papers on manual training were
read by Professor A. B. Black of Stan
ford University. Professor Meyer of the
University of California and Miss Gard
ner and Miss Van Black of tho Polytech
nic High* School.
At' the close of the morning meeting
Professor W. N. Bush escorted the teach
ers through tho manual training depart
ment of the school and called their atten
tion particularly to the work done by
Miss Van Black's pupils. At noon the
teachers j lunched at a downtown rotls
eerie, and during the luncheon, more pa
pers were road. Miss Katherine Ball,
teacher of drawing in the grammar and
¦primary grades of the local school de
partment, read an Interesting paper on
Japanese art. Miss Ball was attired in
Japanese costume.
,; In the afternoon the teachers met in the
Denman Grammar School and listened to
an. interesting paper on manual training
by School Director Cecil Mark.
Boy Hissing From Some.
Mrs. II. Westwood,- 37 -Stockton, street,
is making an endeavor to locate her 13
year-old son, Walter, who has -been miss
ing for more than a month." The lad went
to' Sacramento on September : 9 ' to visit
his grandmother, i Two days later ho sup
posedly, left for this city. His mother
went to the depot to meet him, but he
dl'd not arrive. Nothing has been seen or
heard of the boy since. The police of
Sacramento have been notified, but so
far they have been unable to find any
trace df him.
Templar Rebekah Lodge . of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows gave an
entertainment . in the Memorial Hall of
the I. O.' O. F. building last night for
the benefit of the Orphans' Home at Gil
roy. More than 500 people attended and
were entertained with a vaudeville pro
gramme that included vocal selections by
the Orpheus Quartet, specialties by
Clawson and Shine, vocal selections by
Miss Ethel Carroll and fancy dancing by
Irma Roper. This was followed by a farce
In which the principal characters were
assumed by Mrs. II. W, Osthoff, noble
grand of the lodge, and Henry W. Os
thoff. past grand of Fidelity Lodge. Danc
ing was the next thing in order and it
was kept up from 10 o'clock until mid
night.
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge, the only Ger
man lodge in this city, also gave an en
tertainment last night in aid of the Or
phans' Home. More than 300 persons were
entertained with an "at home" pro
gramme, which was made up of a piano
recital by Mrs. Morton; recitation, Emll
BEBEKAHS ENTERTAIN TO
HELP THE ORPHANS' HOME
IiOdges Give "At Home" Perform
ances to Raise Funds to Aid
Unfortunate Little Ones.
Zurlln: specialties, Sophie and George Os
born; vocal selections, Miss Burns; zither
duet, the 'Misses Myers; ballads, Ruth
Burns: comicalities, Hugo Breltter and
vocal selections,' Richard Hunt. This af
fair, which was followed by danclngr. was
under the. management of Vice-Grand
Mrs. Peterson, Miss Emma Grennlger and
Frederick Slebe, the latter acting as mas
ter of amusement and then floor manager.
These two entertainments will realize
a neat sum for the home.
Federal officials are a unit in giving
the greatest credit to the cleverness and
acumen of Special Secret Service Agent
William J. Burns, who has handled the
substitution scandal throughout and to
whom is attributed the conclusive dis
closure of the plot and the apprehension
of all concerned in it. To him has fallen
the task of securing confessions from the
suspected men, and po well has he per
formed his work that every one with the
exception of Horn Toon has, detailed his
part In the criminal work. Without these
confessions it Is doubtful whether a single
conviction could have been secured. By
Gamble's suicide the only witness against
them was .removed and the statements
made in his confession would have proved
flimsy evidence upon which to ask Tor
convictions.
Hackman Tom Martin has been exon
erated bv the Federal officials for any
criminal intent when he represented that
the Chinamen he carried In his hack to
the Mall dock were taken by him from
the County Jail. He made this statement
at. the reauest of Gamble, who told him
that there was some Informality connect
ed with the delivery and it would save
him (Gamble) trouble if this story were
told. When Martin realized the serious
ness of the matter he went to Gamble
and insisted that the truth should be
told to Marshal Shine. Gamble agreed
to meet Martin at 3 o'clock on the,after
noon on the -Sunday following the dis
covery of the substitution and go with
him to Shine's house, where a clean breast
would be made of the matter. Gamble
failed to keep the appointment and Mar
tin went to Shine's house. alone and told
what he knew of the substitution busi
ness. This was the first circumstance
that weakened Shine's faith in the hon
esty of his subordinate. '
Yesterday morning, however, Wong Tin
was shown the photographs of Dasha,
Burnett and Dempsey and also one of
Gamble, and he identified all four as the
ones he had been In the habit of doing
business with in the substitution matter.
Dempsey proved to be the man the faulty
description of whom gave rise to the sus
picion that others at .the County Jail
had been engaged in the substitution plot.
United States Marshal Shine gave out
the statement yesterday at noon that no
more white men were implicated in the
scandal. United States District Attorney
Woodworth refused positively to corrob
orate this statement and Intimated that
further arrests of white men would fol
low. From other sources it was learned
that the arrest of the three lawyers and
their two agents had been practically
decided uDon.
Wong Tin was taken before United
States Commissioner Ileacock yesterday
and his preliminary hearing set for next
Tuesday morning. Both he and his ac
complice, Horn Toon, remain in the City
Prison in default of $3000 bail.
MARTIN EXONERATED.
IDENTIFIES GTJTLTY ONES.
It is finally settled that no more, offi
cials, either State, municipal or Federal,
are implicated in the substitution work.
When Wong Tin made his confession Fri
day nisht he gave a description of a
man connected with the County Jail as
being one of those who took an active
part in delivering the substituted China
men, and this did not correspond with
that of Dasha, Dempsey or Bur
nett. The conclusion was at once reached
that another watch had been engaged In
this unlawful traffic, as it would be im
possible for one Jailer to handle the whole
matter.
Three well known attorneys who make
a specialty of Chinese business are in
volved in the Chinese substitution scan
dal. The investigation has developed their
connection with the case almost beyond
a doubt and their arrest may be looked
for any day. It has always been thought
that these attorneys laid ' the plans for
the substitution, but it has proved ex
ceedingly difficult to fasten on th«m ac
tive complicity in the crimes.
With the confession of Wong Tin the
Federal officials believe they are In a
fair way to secure the much desired evi
dence that will result in the conviction
of these prime plotters in the unlawful
game. .It is understaod that the China
man arrested Friday gave information
that if true will warrant the issuance
of warrants. The investigation has now
narrowed down to a corroboration of the
statements made by the Chinaman and
on the outcome of this will depend wheth
er or not further arrests will be made.
Officials Other Than Those Under
Accusation Are Cleared of Com
plicity in the Illegal
Evidence Increases Against
Trio of Lawyers and
Their Agents.
More Arrests to Follow
in Chinese Substi
tution Plot.
ATTORNEYS
IMPLICATED
IN SCANDAL
Sudden Death of C Irouisana Jurist.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— William Gil
lespie Wylie of New Orleans, Justice of
the Supreme Court of Louisiana, aged 72
years, died of pneumonia on the steamer
St. Louis about midnight., last night.
Judge Wylle was 111 when he boarded the
steamer, which arrived here to-day from
Southampton.
At a rousing: meeting of the Paper
hangers' and Fresco Painters' Union No.
609 held- last Friday evening it was de
cided by a unanimous vote to support all
the various bond issues, the union being
particularly enthusiastic over the Geary
street proposition. > •
Several candidates were initiated, and
it was decided to hold a fitting celebra
tion of the fourth anniversary of the or
ganization as a brotherhood union on Oc
tober 13. . -.,
Indorse the Bonds.
The charges to be filed with the Bar
Association are supported by the affida
vit of Judge Willis and a mass of docu
mentary evidence. Including an official
transcript of the testimony which em
bodies the alelged perjured statements.
If the charges are sustained they are ex
pected to result in, the disbarment of the
Attorney General.
Judge Willis claims that while- he and
Crawford were partners. Crawford re
ceived nearly $10,000 in fees from J. T. C.
Nash, an old sea captain. These fees,
he said, belonged to the firm and that
Crawford never divided them with Willis.
Willis asserts further that when sued
Crawford swore on the stand that he had
never made a certain contract with Nash,
the existence of which would have sus
tained Judge Willis' claim. It is now said
that Judge Willis has come Into posses
sion of the contract with other evidence.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept 26.— A. M. Craw
ford, Attorney General of tha State of
Oregon, will be formally charged before
the State Bar Association with the crime
of perjury and that body will be asked
to take steps to have him disbarred.
Judge William R. Willis of Rosebure.
one of the oldest legal practitioners in the
State and a former partner of Crawford,
prefers the charges, which are to be filed
immediately with the grievance commit
tee of the Bar Association. It is alleged
that Crawford, In a case In which he waa
defendant, perjured himself while testi
fying In his own behalf.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Oregon Lawyer Desires
Attorney General
Disbarred.
STATE OFFICIAL
TO BE ACCUSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
Fully 200 persons commit suicide In Rus
sia every year.
24
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
; (Mam Line. Foot of Marke: Street )
j -7^ T , _ from B«ptkmb*b 2. 1JU3. - ailki^
~ } no* Beuicla. Sulsun, fclmlr* aaa S*ct+
mento 7 2->*
74)Oa V»caTlll». TV inter*. Rnmsey... . . 72op
7JinI Unrtlnez. San Kmnoo, ValUJa,
7.30a "¦™3 Bltatog », Santa not* 6 25?
7.30a Slles, Llvermore. Lathro?. stock-
8.00a D»Tis.'W : oodV«Bd."KnlKhtii.«n(l!D,c.
Marysvllle. OroTille. (connecu
wfilrywHto for Grldley. BIjk»
•ad Ct!i-o) 7.55f
B.DOa AUBntlcExpres^-Ogicn.DdEMt. 13. 254
8 Ma Port Costa, JfnrtlnM. Antlwh, By-
B.BUA ro r^ TnM . y sw>cktoa ,sacramenw.
Lo* Banos. Mendota. Hanrord,
Vlsalla. rortervllle.. 4.25»
Goshen Junction, Uaaford. VV
• i!i.-». n«ker«fleld ..........-••"• 5 23»
8.30a Shasta Exprega-Davls. WU»am«
(for Bartlett Spring). Wlllowa,
tFrato. l:ed Blnff. Portlacd...... 755f
840a Nllej. San Jo»e. Llrermore. Stock-
. ton.I(.nc,SacrHmento.r:»cervllle,
Marysvllle. Chlco, Ued Blnff..... 425*
8.30a Oalcdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
aor«. Tuolr.r.me and Angela 4 25?
9.00a Martinez and Way Statlona. ,2 2?*
1000a Val!e]o •• --•• iZ-23F
10.00a El Pa»o Pa»«ecfer. Ef»»tbo-ind.—
IUU Povt Costa. Marlines, nyroa.
Tracy. LatUrop. Stockton,
Mer-ed. liaymon-J. Fresno, Haa-
tcrd VtsaMa, flakersfleld. Lof
Auseles and El Paso . CT«V
bound arrives Tia Coast Llne>... «1-SCp
10.00a Tha OrerUnd Limited — Ogden,
* Denver. Omaha, Cfclcazo. 8 2a?
i 1200m .Hayward. Uliesand Way Statical. 32a?
| t1 .00r 'Sacramento KWer Steamers ti 1.00»
HOT Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams. Colu*a,Wll-
lows. Knight* Landtn*. Marya-
Tllle. OroTille and way station*.. 1 D 55.
SSOt Hayward, Slles and Way Stations.. 7oo?
' 4C0r Marttae*.SanKamon.Vai:eJo.ya?».
Callstoga. Santa Kosa. ¦ 25 a
4.00? Martinez, Tracy.Latbrop.Stoclcion. 10.25a
4.00r NUes, Llrerraore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25r
430? Hayward. >Mle». Irrlngton. Saa I tS.55a
i Jose. LlTernsore ft! 1.55*
5X0? The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tolaxa.
BakersQeld. Los Angelet a 55a
SjOOt Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Lot
Banot 1 ??§ F
I830F Hayward, Vlles and San Jo«« .i-25*
6.00? Hayward. N lies and Saa Jose 10 25*.
6.C0f Oriental Mall— Oirden. D«nf«f,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. Snl-
sun, Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Roeklln. Aahora, Colfax.
Truekee, Boca. Ksbo, Wadf
worfh. Wlnnemneea, Battis
Mountain. Elko 4.2S»
».. Keno. Truckee, Sacramento, Darts.
Snlsun, Benlct.% Port Costa 7-55*
8.00? Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 55,
7.C0P Vallejo. Sundaj only I
7X0? B»n Pablo. Port Costs, MartlUOJ
and Way Stations. 1125a
805p Oregon A California Expre»a— Sao.
rameato, MarysTllle, Redding;
Portland, Paget Soucd and East. 8.53a
8.10? Hayward, NUea and Saa Jo*e(3un-
dayonly) 11-BS*
11.25? Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Raymond (to Yo»
aemite), Fresno, lUofard, VI- .^__
salla. Bakemfleld 12-2a>.
COAST LINE (.larrew Uaage;.
(Foot of Market Street.) ;
745a Sanw Crux Excursion /Sunday
oniy) •-— «10»
815* Kewark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crux and "Way Stations ....' S-Z3V
t2.1B» Kewark. Centerrllie, Saa Jose,
Kew Almaden.Los Gatos.FeUon,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cru* aad
PrlnclpaMVay Stations 10-51*'
4.16? Kewark. San Jose. Los Oatoa and
war station* (on (Saturday and
Eaaday runs through to Santa,
Cruz; Monday only from Santa,
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
i and from BouMer Credit to-oa*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRy.
From SAN KUAN CISCO, Foot of Market fet. <MlpJ>
—t7:13 9:'-, 11:00 A.Jf. 1.00 300 5.15 v.X.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:U0 y :M
T8.0S 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad bauee).
t3T (Third and lo%rnsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 630?
t7 00A San Jose and Way Statioaa 5 3S?
7.15a Monterey and Sant» Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 833?
8.00a Kew Almaden (Tue».. Frld., only), 4.1Q»
8 CO* CoaatLlne Limited— Stops on!y San
Jose. Gllror (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. Castrovl'.Ie, Sa-
Mnas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea.
8antaMarKarlta,San Lais Obl;p<\
Ocadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saagns
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castrovllle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore 1 0 45*
6. CO* 8an Jo«e, Tres Plnos, Capltola,
SantaCruz.Padflc Grove.Sallnaa,
8an Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-10*
»030* San Jose and Way Stations 1-20?
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— £outh Saa
Francltco, San Bruno 1.CS»
1130a Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Gacoa
and Way Stations 730p
•1-30? 6an Jose aad War Stations x 7 00?
2. CO? San Jose sod War Stations }3.40a
2.30r Cemetery Fassenser — South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 433?
t3.C0? Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose,' Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) M 2-1S»
tZCr Pacific Grove and Wsy Stations—
Kurllnsr me,5ia Mateo.Itedwood.
MenloPark. Palo Alto, May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Joss, <Gl!roy. Holll»-
ter, Tres Plnos). Pajaro. Watson-
rtlle. Capltola. Santa Crui, C»s-
trovllle, Salinas 10.48a
4-30? San Jose and Way Stations 8.33*
o COr San Jose. (t1» 8ant» Clar»> Lo»
Oatos. Wr!snt and Principal Way
Stations (e.xcopt Sunday) 900a
15.30? San Jose and PrtuclpalWay Station* t800A
t6.16? Sanltateo.Beresford,Belmo&t.San
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19.43?
f JO? Ban Joae and Way Stations. 6.34*
JSQr Sunset Limited. Esstbound. — Saa
Luis Obltpo, Saata Barbara, Loa
Aoseles, laming. El Paso. Ne»
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbound
intrctTlaSanJoaqulaVaHer)... it 3 25*.
8.00? Palo Alto asd Way Stations 10.15*
11.30? South San Francisco. Mlllbraa.'
Burllngame. San Mateo. Bel-
raont. San, Carlos, KedwoM, .....
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park. Palo ¦ I2"1?T
Alto. Ma7fleld. Mountain View, «•«»
Sunnyvale, Lawrence, 8anta
Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. $ Sunday only.
I Ctopa at all atatlona on Sunday,
t baaday exeepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. ir Via San Joao.ula Valley.
6 Reno train eastbonsd dlscontlnaed.
proaly trains stopping at Valencia St. lonthhoua*
•rs»:10A.M^t7:OOA.M..ll:U)A.*..2:3Ur.M.aail5:30?.« J
HSAF' QUENTIN>
CAZADERO, ETC-
WEEK DAYS^-(HoIldays exceptedV-*:^
t*7:43 8:45. tt:*5. 11 ». xa.. 12:20, '1:4a. 3:1*.
4:15. 't4:15. *G:l&. 8:45. O. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. tra>in ¦week days does not run ta
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAY3— 7,
t8, t*9. t*10. 11. tU:SO •» «»•. tl2:J0, t*l:30,
2-35 «3:50. 5. «, 7:30. ». 11:43 p. xa.
Trains marked (•) run to Saa Quentln-
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 3:13 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. trsUn)
runa to Falrfajc.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN 1 FRAICCT3OCI
—Week days— 5:25. J6:23. 7:*0. 8:13. P:35«
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20. t3:43. 4:30. 3:30. 6:13.
10:20 p. m
SUNDAYS-«:15, 7:33. tS:10. 9:10 #0:53.
tll:45 a. va.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:23. 4:40. :3:30.
6:B5. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Tralna marked (?> start from San Qu«it!nt
FROM MILX. VALLET TO 8AN FRAN-
CISCO — Week daya — 6:43, 6:40, 7:43. 8:23.
9:46, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:13. 3:10. 7:03.
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:33. 7:53, 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03
1:08 2:40. 3:45. 4:53. «:08. 7:10. 10:40 p. m. "
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., we«lt days — Cazadera and way
atationa.
6:13 p. m.. week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. ta.. Point
Reyes and way station*.
TICKET OFFICE— «!« Market St.
FERRY— Foot of Market at.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fta StuaUto firry ArriTe
S—Frao. IwttfMartstSt San Krax
Week Sun- U!> ' Weei
Dayv riay» /*!&f>«fP\ d »T* D*r«.
e-,45* 8:uua fSytcsix&a i^:oo.>«»77sX
l;45r 9:00a V?!l^IJtIS35r l*:*Of3:3a>
&»15r 1O:OOa 3:3Op 4:3Or
nan. Vr^>Jw^ 4:3.1 > - .... „
i , , S:3Ar I 8:0Op ...„', ','_
; fctttrfays saly. kars Twnni g:3Oy.srrrrsS.y. il:3Oy
1 TICllT * 624 MajuuttSt, (Nortii Shore Railro«4>
tmCM I aad SaosaUTO Fn»T Foot Market St.
WEEET CALL
16 Pages. /$l per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Sunday. 27 September. 1903.
Dyed in the yarn j
Not printed
• : You can get carpets nowadays for almost any
price you want to pay. Brussels, Velvets, Axminsters,
and even the luxurious Wiltons are imitated — and
right cleverly, too — by a class of goods, the patterns of
which are PRINTED on the surface, just like so much
calico. It is needless to say that these patterns — pro-
duced by printing — are only on the surface and some-
times wear off long before the carpet itself is worn
through. When new, and viewed on the floor, it is
hard to tell printed carpets from genuine dyed in the
3'arn goods. But pick up an end and double it over
with your fingers and — presto! the imitation is ap-
parent.
The colors of genuine dyed in the yarn carpets
go clear through to the back and the patterns will not
become broken by wearing off on the surface.
There is not a single piece, nor a single yard of
printed carpet on the Breuner Carpet Floor. We
therefore can and WILL guarantee every inch of car-
pet we sell to be genuine dyed in the yarn goods.
Look over these prices, then look at the goods
and compare the QUALITIES with the "wonderfully
cheap" offerings of the department stores who continue
to shout in sensational type the bugaboo cry of "trust —
combine," etc.
Smith's "F" Palisade Tapestries. Best Wilton Velvets in Vx and
per yard .' T5C widths, per yard, single
Smith's and Hfcirins' 8-wire Tap- width $1.90
estries, per yard 85C Smith's Saxony Axminsters. per
Smith's, Sanford's and Hiegins' yard :. SI .35
9 and io wire Tapestries, per . .
vard <CI I fa Smiths Extra Axminsters. per
>aiu <P1mv var( i £>| ezfk
Roxbury and Stinson's io-wire * 01«oVF
Tapestries, per yard tj)I # 20 Smith's celebrated Savonerrie.
Best Lowell, Bicelow and P er >' ar d $1.90
Victoria Body Brussels per Hartford and Middlesex Axmin-
y ar d $1.65 sters, per yard $1.75
Best Whittalls, Middlesex, etc.. _. , .
p^yard si.5o ya ? d is :. :'.....^. m . m : go oo
Smith's, Sanford's and Stinson's - w<*»\J\J
best quality of Velvets, per Genuine Royal Wiltons, per
yard $1.35 y ard 63.OO
All prices include sewing, lining and laying.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)'
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hew Silk Gloves coomnn^H^P^,™™,-. Si ,° k R mt1coIts.
nun viw\ wiwiww $7 SO Values
«!u Rec ivjd. [ f^M B S S* They're made flr QfJ
Th<» cfVbrated Kaywr ¦ # / __ ' / 1 11— —s» W>* /9 of good Silk AQ' V
I make — double tipped Sin- £,/* \y v> S / * X^fC tv V cut «* tra ..
gert— all s'.zes 5^-7— j /#y As* \~SV aA J Siisfl *JT Js^M! wide and full length—
ccior* black and v,h:t^ J& J J f Ti /WjLA J/Vs£j£ rTdFj' GpLa/^CJfft^nJ^V latest circular flounce
—for superior srrvir- • flT •Xy /^/^6/t/^V/» / Cjs^jKlKJ^ style— Colors rf>d. tan.
:¦•¦'•¦ fi'iV gloves have n-> Jr __^_»^at— nam^^_ bisque light blue, pink.
An Unrivaled Sale of Dress Coods--3 Days.
'XH OVDAT Tuesday and Wednesday, the last days of September, will afford you a chance to buy elegant t^^ e [**
M fir below the wal values— our desire to crowd our Drew Goods Department to the utmost the closing days of the momn
xrl'.l prove Tins THE SEASONS BEST DRESS GOODS OPPORTUNITY.
$1.25 AND $1.50 COLORED DRESS GOODS, ALL AT
Scotch Tweed Mixture. 54 .nchesw.de. \ ||g|
Fancy Zibelines, 54 inches wide . . . . > lines in mixed and hairline effects — the M. H
"~~ "^ I Venetian in all late shaded and black— f&K^Ar ' H
Venetian Cloth, 54 inches wide . . . . J aU fabrics now favore d by fashion...... |
Even- yard of these fabrics U -worth the regular prices— 41.25 and $1.5O-for th< Ian three days of September B
prlc«><l for the swtfteet seUlng at 5c * arq , H
Black English Broadcloth, ''Priestley's" Black Etamine, Block London Etamine, |
,1.75 cua.ty-52 inche, .Ide all jj ,2 ,««««*• by W«tl^- A| 35 .J^ ,Sg%^Jt- Xt. 'Sft 95^ |
i wool, extra heavy, fast London Q\'*7 no more need be said— It s in both Q\ rlch black< a very popular etamine. ww 7d. E
Cye black a rreat value. This *** fln« aad coarse mesh, silk finished . a- warranted all wool, $1.60 quality Hj
Jl 75 quality tor three days $1.12 — rich lustrous black— 48 Inches wide. for three days • O!ic H
i A GREAT SALE OF TAILOR-MADE SUITS, i
I T'O- MORROW w« start the ereatest skJrt sale we've ever known— A manufacturer sold to us at a sacriflce a consignment _of m
1 ir^ens whvh he regularly sold for $1.50 to $3.50 a yard, consisting of the latest all-wool minuret, «» «£«£•. checks fcj
ard plaids, cheviot* and broadcloth. We had these made up by one of the best makers in the country In a dozen of the g
most pepuiar new styles, and to-morrow the entire lot will be on sale at nearly half the price for which they would eell if M
bought In tha regular way. Cut shows only three of the styles. " H
Black Walking Skirt, jr** $§fe $5 Walking Skirts, I
c Chei.ot — •;Jl7" ly ltt _ nll „,, ' . wa &=z£ / r~ r ~h yflliL ety\t. tailored sUtched bottoms H
tr.a<Je with l*™i JJf 11 /X^zLJ 7 —very serviceable skirts— worth ' B
Iihl? is one of the emartest^sklrt /^ V^Mf^vV \M \\ $5— the skirt sale price.. *-.«» H
fli'.M; °the eWrt sale Price / /l fW Ul )\ -':'," " S
1 21 /^^IKSMcj Etamine Dress Skirt, §
$6 walking Skirts, [uTnr^^^^f^ ?srf^S$7.45|
am r\r- ' / I \&Jr* \ B \JS£X I I trimmed with six bands and B
Ir.\-.s:b> checks. CQ Qh III ' \l\ '\ \) Tf^f I • crnaments— made drees lenpth pi
trirr.med with six iflj.jlil II I I' :\ :V>J ffifrj I : ¦•¦ — the material Is a very high I
d 1 a r ° nsl tailored lit I • 'ir>**r \\m i : i grade etamine. and this skirt Is fj
straps — *t Itched bottenss — light FA II I w*n '& \gll \ '¦ \ n-orth every cent of $10 — the M
and dark pray colorings— worth /fl i J, 1 ; t\ a -\\ Vt, I h eklrt sale price Is $7.45 gf
$&— the skirt saie price..f3.05 Jl I f!j R\ n, A ij^\#/* j i J \ P3
»•> -fl m ir cim /fl/ // \Vj» \WJ\\ I ' Ik Scotch Tweed Skirt, I
$7.sO Walking Skirts, / UJ VMf I tegf | |\W\ $lt> __ lk . CR ' |
} Back, tar, B reer.s *M Qr fc&Y U &/J j 'SW/f/ If U^P^ 1?* & "/o"^ O0.40 |
I rims O'f.OO ?%l ff W 1 jlgi! IVp^ pleated and Pitched bottom. |
1 1*77*^1 skirt _<JgdL. mM^W 1
I THE NEXT 3 DAYS—A $35.00 TAILOR SUIT, . „ I
4 If this offer don't astonish you we'll be surprised, for the styles, material and workman- I!
ship in this suit are of the first order, and this special offer is made merely to further gain JL§ J§^^ M
1 the approval of those who know of the money-saving power of this store In this offering Tf"^!*-^. H
you have the choice of black or blue broadcloth long blouse effect suits made with double " X^ B h
shoulder capes, with the new sleeve styles, and trimmed with tailored straps, and Scotch Mix- ¦Sw V.^^ H
I tures in long or short jacket styles, pleated or plain, with or without shoulder capes Any ffl
¦' of these suits would be great value at $35 — this is an unparalleled offer at $25 Eg
A SAVING SALE OF LININGS AND NOTIONS. I
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday dressmakers and housekeepers will greatly profit by this timely of- g
I ferinp — an opportunity to procure the right goods at the lowest prices ever known. B
THREE SPLENDID SPECIALS IN LININGS. I
30c Mercerized Sateen, 19c. 15c "Crystal finish" Lining, 9c 20c "Sun Ray" Lining, 14c. |
36 lnche<= ¦wide puperb quality for drc» 30 Inches wide — a fine fabric that Is very 36 Inches wide — In black only. Extra fei
eHrts ' or wai£t Itnir.s. Excellent substi- durable. Comes in all desirable shades, fine quality mercerized and beetle finish. Pi
tnte for silk All eha^ep, and black. also black. A cplendld valu* for the price. One of the best linings made for the price. H
PerJec'lon 'Hurrp" Hook and EyeJJc card. Safety Pine, all sizes 3c card. Dutch Block Tape 4c ||
All flzet. black and white. "Worth 5c. English Hair Pins 2c package. Pure linen. M
i Delpnp'F Pari« Hook and Eye 7c card. Best quality, crimped and straight. 2 Pin Book* 3c H
Ball A sockets, invisible eyes. worth 10c. to 3% inches; worth 6c. Black and white, extra strong:, sharp j>
Ball and SocketF 3c dot. Black Mournirp Pins lc box. points; worth 5c jjM
Blark and silvered, the 5c kind. 40 to the box. Battenberff Thread, per ball lc Ej
"Not-a-Hook" Snaps Oc card. Dretrtng Combs 12c Hat Elastic, per yard ...2e K!
All el» f . black and snwred. Worth 10c. Best , tylei and 6lzeB; worth 20a Fftncy Pear i Buttonl 18c H
1^^^. •• Vard^iec^ ™a±S W^^K^^ "* '^ ™* I
S^^^^' To — wa d isfL^. m A e f:.... .^..ioe 16C 1
"°- B^t qualit v.' "bU U^s^iS iici£ * Gr <" v « rie^ ' worth 35c to 60c rancy ,, at p , n8 8e |
worth 10c. Cub *A Ins •••••¦••••••••••••.• !£'*. Pearl, turqoulse and coral; worth up ¦
Dressmakers' Bating 13c 100 count— black and colors, worth 5c t0 i 5c . m
I Extra quality, black, white aad gray. Shoe Laces (superior quality).... 10c doi. Tortoise Hair Pins 15c if
10 vard bolts. Flat or round, worth 15c. Best quality, worth £0c: waved arid D
Bon» Ca*1nr fil doz. Linen Corset Laces 2He straight. ¥%
All colon-. 15c quality. 10c each. Black, white and gray. | Ladles' Belts In. sreat variety of styles, 19
Dret* i-hields, light weight lOe Kleinarts" Dress Shields 2Oc and 2oC black, white and fancy colors, worth Kl
Double liainsook, also ftocklnet, 15o Double covered nainsook— the name 60c to 65c 2Bc and U8c ¦
ruallty guarantees merit— sizes 2 and 4; Novelty Pleated Belts, Colonial and oxl- H
Aluminum Thimble* 2c worth 25c and 30c. dized buckles, worth 75c and S5c..6Oc||
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kozy Klo €fs ifor^^^^CMldren
The shoe that the child wears plays an important part in the
future foot comfort of the grown up. Little, growing feet are ten-
der and very susceptible to the bad effects of poor fitting shoes.
In the Kory KIor we have a shoe that is built with due regard
for the shape and growing conditions of the child's foot. The
Kozy Klog last has the broad toes, giving plenty of growing room.
It makes the shoe fit perfectly over the instep, gently holding it
in proper place, no matter if the wearer is walking or standing.
These splendid easy-fitting qualities tend to make this shoe wear
longer.
As to prices they are no higher than you pay for ordinary
shoes made on indifferent or ill-shape lasts.
They range from $1.25 up to $350 a pair, according to age and
material. _ .V.'J «'
We have so much confidence in the Kozy Klogs for children > •
that we stand back of every pair with our guarantee.
We also have Kozy Klogs for men and women!
GOOD >SHCK!>S
. ¦
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
.jfiBfe," WE TREAT AND CURE
SPr'y&Sr^&S. CATARRH. No' f and Throat Trouhles, Nervous Diseases, Kidney
W4Z&F53Z «#>-S and Ll-er Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease, Diseases n>
t&r&5£z&* the Stomach and Bom-els, Piles. Fistula am Rectal Diua«»., Feraa »
Is^y*^^' -a^SSPe Complaints, Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets. Spin.
WfXIflf *Jf \ "' Troubles. Skin Diseases. Deafness. Asthma, Bronchial and Lung
wA\«V -ft \ Troubles, Rheumatism, Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hysteria. Ear Dla.
Zr-f* eases. Goitre or Big Neck, Varicoctlo. Lott Manhood, etc.; Blood
XLJ DiteaMs Private Diseases, Scrofula and all forma of Nervous an 1
tSL Chronic Disease* (that are curable).
A ~Ts7"^k^ OTJB MOTTO: A low fea,T /£^k*jiv<S£gS%v
J& I V*^W- quick curs, nxild and painless I J^^" >!§bIc?£>^
QklPpi^y^v^fsl] Conuultation In person or fcL 'V^^^SS
lj§fllkfr«P b ? letttr frt * *° » u - Cal1 or f&> ***^i|§ft
Dr. A. J. Eh orei. Q Q / \ fcywiLsi
HOME CURES BY MAIL VF
Do net despair because you live at a dlstan ce from the city. Drs. S^v S&fy^.
Shores 1 new system of HOME TREATMENT m akes It easy to &n / JLJ&4Jx l
export advice and treatment at home. Their na w gyraptom blar.Jc Jtr fliil&jiJ*
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to dUgncsi* /fthd&M 1 /^'
your case and tell you what your trouble la. wh at can b« done for V^jWRaSjjjT/VV
you. and what the cost of a curs will be. WRI TE If you cannot '&^\rQBWjPEJ*r^
call for their ne-w symptom Hit and take advan tag* of the FREE
EXAMINATION. "Whether you take treatment or not, th» ad- Xa^SarV"^ f
vice costs you nothing. Dr. 0. W Shorts. I
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
ir you suffer from any of the weaknesses w « cut* you first and then ask a REa-
or diseases caused by ignorance, exens or SONABLE FEE when you are cured. Tcu
contagion TOU ARE THE VERT PERSON 1 can depend upon our word; thousands of
WE WANT TO TALK TO. patients have indorsed us. NOW. WE
We have proven our skill Id enrin* WANT TO CURE TOU with tha distinct
CHRONIC diseases by publishing tha many understanding that we will not demand a
' voluntary testimonials from home people. FEE until ire cure you. This applies ta
giving names, pictures and addresses. . - Lost Manhood. Seminal 'Weakness. Sper-
We Can't Publish Our Cures In ?^VSV^i.^ffi&rJ > 1SS:A %^ r l
Private Diseases. rhoea. OUet. Stricture, etc.; Contairtous
* J wi»e«iM». Blood PoUon and jg^ WEAKNESSES o!
Because it would betray confidence. Hence men. . .
we have to prove our skill In this class of OFFICE HOURS: 0 a. ra. to 4:30 p. m.-
troubles in another way. This Is our plan. Evenlnts «:3O to 8; Sundays 10 a. m. to IX
Drs. Shores & Shores, Expert Specialists, .933 aan M ffa* l gg^ ttBALTIMORE Sept. 26.— Th© Sovereign
Grand Lodge or Odd Fellows adjourned
tine die to-day, . o meet In San Francisco
next year. Th© thief business transacted
to-<lay was the appointment of standing
committees and miking provision for the
compensation of tie grand Bir© of the
order and th© commander of the Patri
archs Militant. y • ¦¦
Odd Fello-a-s Close Their Session.
Battleship Maine Sails for Culebra.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 25.— The battle
ship Slidne to-day passed down the Dela
ware Mhner from the League Island navy
yard en her vovasre to Culebra, in the
West Indies. The Maine was recently re
paired at Cramp's shipyards. Upon her
arrival at Culebra the battleship's guns
are to be 'horoughly tested and If they
are satisfaeory the Maine will start on
a long cruise
The accident was caused by the break
ing of the trusses which supported the
steel girders. When these fell the south
half of the roof fell in upon about two
score workmen, injuring nearly half of
them. About 250 were employed In other
parts of the building and the crash caused
a patlc among them. Several sustained
slight injuries In Jumping- from th© win
dows to the cTOund.
CHICAGO, Sept. £6.— A. Petro, a work
man, was killed and seventeen others In
jured by the collapse of a portion of an
unfinished building to-day at the plant
cf the Western Electric Company at the
intersection of Twenty-second .street and
the Belt line railroad. Of the Injured
Barney Kragerl and August Schwan are
seriously hurt and may die. Tha others
will recover.
On© of th© Victims Is Killed and
Several Others Are Seriously
Injured.
UNFINISHED BUILDING
FALLS IN UPON WORKMEN
WASHINGTON, Sept 25.— Unless the
differences between Colombia and the
Central and South American Telegrapn
Company are adjusted by October 1. It Is
probable that on that date the company
wlll close !ts office at Buena Ventura,
v.-hlch operates the Colombian end of the
cable. Dr. Herran, the Colombian Charge
d'Affaires, said to-night that he had re
fused to sign a new contract for twenty
years renewing the concession of the telc
craph company owing to a provision
which, if accepted, would grant to the
company certain privileges amounting to
a monopoly. The company, however. In
sisting upon the signing of th© contract
without change, has submitted the mat
ter to the officials at Bogota, where it ia
now under consideration. The present
contract does not expire until August, 1904.
DR. Tl kk.ti.a-w REFUSES
TO HENEW CONCESSION
Colombian Charge d' Affaires Says
Cable Company Is Seeking- to
Secure a Monopoly.
Bookkeeper Martin to-nigrht is resting
more comfortably and the "physicians at
the W2.Ehir.gt0n Hospital say his condi
tion Is favorable, but he has not passed
th© critical stage.
The abandoned mine oa the Patterson
farm, near the Ecene of' the tragedy,
which was supposed to have been used as
a refuge by the- criminals, was closely
guarded all right, and this morning- It
was thoroughly explored, without any
evidence being- discovered that the men
had been hiding there.
Early to-day John "Welsh, a resident of
West Middletown, found the satchel In
which Contractor Ferruson had carried
the money. It was rifled of th© roll of
bills, amounting to 53300. Some twenty
dollars In ellver was left In it; also some
valuable papers.
Manager Norton of the Ferguson Com
pany does not believe that the suspects
under arrest committed the deed, but is
confident that they know something about
it. He is of the impression that it was
committed by men employed in the camp
and that the guilty ones are remaining in
the camp in order not to excite suspicion.
The dead man was one of the best
known railroad contractors in the coun
try- II© 'was associated with his brother,
F. M. Ferguson, in the Ferguson Con
tracting Company, the latter brother be
ing- president of the company. The Fer-
Ruson family came originally from Kan
fas, and a great deal of railway work
has been done in the West by the Fergu
son company. :
Th© only description of the man who
was seen by Farmer Logout carrying the
eatchel away from ths spot where the
dynamite was exploded is meager. It is
a* follows: "White man, about 25 yeaj-s
of age, five feet six inches tall, weight
about 140 to 143 pounds, fairly well
dressed: wore soft black hat, dark coat
and llgrht trousers. This description, has
been sent out broadcast.
VTABHIXGTON". Pa., Sept. 25.— Tb© day
has dosed without the apprehension of
the fiendish murderer or murderer* of
•Contractor Fersruson, who was killed by
the explosion of a. mine of c!yna_mit© near
Jliddletown yesterday. The suspects,
Francis and Huston, under arrest are not.
It Is believed, the guilty principals, but
evlder.ee has been obtained which tends
to Implicate them In the crime. The pre
vailing opinion seems to be that they
were used as tools by the real perpetra
tors. Their stories of the manner in
v.hich they spent yesterday have been
proved Incorrect In several points, and
until they can prove an absolute alibi
they vHI be held by the authorities.
The day In and around the camp has
been characterized by a determined qu!et.
"What amounts to martial law has been
declared at Camp Ferguson by General
Manager Norton, Sheriff Carothers and
the County Commissioners and a strict
¦watch Is being: kept over. the 1700 work
men because of the belief that the lead
er of the plct may not have escaped. As
an Incentive for the capture of the gruilty
ones the Ferguson Construction Company
has offered a reward of $1000. To this
th» County Commissioner has added an
toher $1000 and an cddiUor.ul $500 Is being
raised by individual subscription.
Seal Culprits Are Believed to Bo
' in Siding in the Camp
of the Construction
Companj.
Arrested Suspects May Have
Guilty Knowledge of the
Crime.
Robbers Who Killed
With Dynamite Not
Captured.
FERGUSON'S
MURDERERS
STILL FREE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
25
$ The Newest Trimmings Accounts Can Be opened by Responsible THb Emporium Economist
% Not for mtuy years hive trinimings been so cxtemively used as they will be r — . Partie5 ' A^ at Our Credit 'Bureau. Our 128 page style book and general catalogue for Fall and Win-
»T thb FaU and Winter. We are showing a complete line of the. latest novelties, m\m*+^\\j> 4*7^* ' ' ter 1903-4, with more than 1500 illustrations, mailed free to out-of-
including the new effects in colored wool and fiber bands, edges and galloons, wJ^"^. {jMs: ' & : ~>*V^ town folks on application. »
J at prices ranging from 45C Xo $7b50 the yard. . , Jrj^ff^ 4sjT\jfATy *Adfe ~ & ~& ~MJK^r _ - __ _
J Black Fiber and the finest black Venise in bands, edges and galloon effect, from $L*&& / ZJ~ W^7MB£jffl£jJjSJffT Ofl/e Of NeW SOItgS
j; 35c to $4.OO per yard. y^ M M &**^^/ M M&f iS^ &StM$ / $r£^yfl^—> Lee Johnson's latest soncs, "My Cocoanut Lou" and "My Pauline,"
2 Brilliant elk bnud*— black, white and colors, the new dergn*, 8 f'3O to 75O perymrd. r CACTr*gHNtA'S"'DVftGgST»>, > On Special sale all this Week, per Copy 13C
% Ncvcltain chiffon app'jipci and Persian trimmings, 2SO to $5,75 per yard. * ~~* J - |i||l|Wyill|'iri4''l^^iMif^3^^^^^^ ' Th " C VCr> carchy !Ongs wUl bc sung fcy Mm Gloru S: - c:a:r: each a - erncoa
I Allovcr Laces-Rich D«gr.» in cream, white »nJ Arabian, 85o to $8. GO per yard. ' AMERICA'S'GRANDEST STORE at 2:30, 3:30, 4:00 and 4 :p.
I This Handsome StreetWhe Premiere Display Misses' and Children's TMs 5/ y // s^ jr a //
£ Costume, $35,00 jr B // Millinerv JVew Fall Dresses *
I WomctfsRunabovtSvils . . *JS%^ «t Overcoat, $15*00
J styles. The blouse /A r- "f 4 Model Hats from $25.00 to $45.00 ~ V ~ "^^ Satisfied both as to "style | ji 1 1
! 'H skirted coat has /Ml \ Trimmed Dress Hats $4.95 to $25.00 . Frcm o«r large and attractiTe a'sortment of misscj* and chUiren'* and value, return it at once Iff 1 M , 'I s)| fluVil
i S ir a • • l .* / 1 I \ T\Tnn+Itv Tilnrb 7-Tnfe <£¦* r>~ tn <£A n r- frccks we have sslect d for illustration and dejeripion thrt= moderate anf J ppf vour monev back it! I I'lll illlWl Rl'lU'l
* capes, self trimming, belt ¦///'#/ \ JWovelty Ulack Hats $2.93 to $6. 95 whlch mctherj couU not hayc made J t homc at h=te ana get your money i | 11 HP
1 and all edges piped with '7 # / i\ Popular ready-to-wear Hats $2.00 to $7.95 L.r the p**. . hf nr^n^H tn \\k B HP'
* velvet The unlined kilt \f I \) Children's Sailor Sults-r.ne ierge, wide gathered skirt with deep htm, that can be produced to |l|i /hJ J UJjfp
J skirt has tabs edged with — t^^^ Misses 9 and Children's Hats pitted ««>««, high ;C ou.r b=.ho P si=ev«, whte braid QQ sell &15.OO Mi»hPj}
? 1 . 1-. ., t-. , , , , - trimming, navy only, size 6 toi2year3 <70«C/«# at . . • • «^*** r *«^'W , ¦'." JJV i\\ l| ; (Mi «»O»
JJ Velvet. These SUltS are PrOt>lbly the largest aSSOrtment Ot hatS fOr Mines' Dressei-Made cf very fine MeW- yoke efr&t, trimmed
5 made of light and medium broken plaid mixtures, vnnntr airk tn hp found in San Pranricm with Kvcral rows cf P Ieats of !i k and finished with box P !ait ani Boyj' Overcoats— Ether in the long, ..*ffv^
' H and are the best values vou will d**% — **ff* ./^"g gins.lO De lounu in Odn jrranciSCO. fancy buKons> fancy rufflc fr0Et and back> finished wIth pip ; ng an d ho U tty i e daih pocket or the,
¦ ? find anvwhere at . PriCeS range frOni S3C 10- &12mQOi ornament, box plaited skirt, lined throughout. Colors popu !ar Russian for imall boyj, in dr; 'y Oifcrd grays, all sizis from 3
' *L ¦ Thp <?tnrlf inrillHp^' • cadet bJue and browns, all sires 6 to 14 yean; price .. %p & a JT m3 to 16 vears, a rare Talu: at *t»** -_
J. Stylish Railt GOatS HIClUUCi. M|sscs . Woo , DrOJ _ In 6ncy mixture, made W.th wide box pleated §3 m*+5
; J These new rain proof doth and COVert 'coats PP^P^pSifpf "0M^ Boys' Knee P.nt, S«its-Fcr a g e, 3 to „ y ear,, fine all wool .a-
j £ can be worn on bright days as well as rainy ones. J 0 "^™ S '"° n T W " h StreamSrS !" aU thl nCW lhadM ' O5 ° color, green, blue and brown, &A 6 to 14 ,ea«; price $6.50 K*£ double breatted coat, either two cr three piece .nit., Norfolk..
;»: Just the thing for Shopping wear Ours is the "f^ "*," .^ 'TTr 1 S!"f2 Children's Cashmere Drrsses-Navy and red, made w.th round ? »t Sailor,, and Ru«ian blou« effVef, a very large anl varied assortment of
» largest asortment in town, in tans, greens, grays, black. Prces: . . Misses Hats— with «Jc cord anl tatsrl $1.SO yoke/finu«h t d with ruffle, iUk traid and wutache trim- —— . ' F - . fro _ O QC » «m «fl
}, $8.50, 910.95, S16.5J, $17.51, $20.00 Poke Bonnets-in all th: new shales with chiffon faces . . .$9.95 ming, sizes 6 to 14 years $2.00 neW FaU 8tykl fr ° m ' ••••*• $2.95 to S1O.OO
j I Some Pretty Spachiei and Embroidered Cloth Bound Books, 17o Grocery anil LiqUOr
|{ inm . r , *1 uares on « le 300 Titles by World-Famous Authors Sneolal MontiaV antl TueStlaV
2 1000 pieces of lawn, spachtel and tambour scarfs, table 10,000 volumes, comuting c f more than 300 tides, of th: very b«t standard work, of fiction, r - o e ., l v c * » 7 t a, n ¦ u
t : rovers nillow shamq and 9nnare^ l^Hincr m^n,,for ¦ Ktto^* e8sa >' 8 ' etc - a « r "^dy bound in lbencoth, stamped in gold and colored inks; „ ™« Creamery Butter-Sod by the Sauttrne or Zmfandel-Cho:c e s ,ear old
* COVerS, pillOW SnamS ana Squares, a leading manUtaC- Monday and Tuesday, per volume . . \17C ?°™*--* ¦ 2GO table wines, for the two days, gal. . . . 65O
»' turcr's entire sample line, some of them plain white, some of them braided firr? are ricrhtrrn nf fh, l* n \;u*<-' '.'''''''''"'"' Our Best Coffee— v^ry choicest Java and Gutanejs' Porter— White Label, for the two"
»[ , ., f , . , j ' .. , , . agntccn OJ ine JOO titles. Mocba, grcund or bean, for the two days, **J+ ***¦.- ' ,; • ' * •¦ ' ' • - &1-9O
l£ in colors; ail of them in handsome patterns; not a piece sold rega arly less Adam Beds- Eliot. Andenen's Fairy Talcs. Ardath— Marie CoreVi. - lb. . 29O Champion Whiskey— The popular well-aged
J than 25c, the majority of them frcm 35c to 50c each; on special *gr%^ Ae -op's Fables. Arabian N ghts Entertainment. Aunt Dara-R. N. Carey. r^A.^A W>Y Van Camo's o» Ander- brand> for * the tW ° dayS *
»: sale in main aisle on Monday and Tuesday, each # SPG Aurocrat of the Br-akf.it Table-Holmes. CountcfMonteCristo.Pt.il. Us SI^ .ndTneLar Vtfni So 1 1. OO bottles for 7SO
% 7 .**-«- Avcril - R. M. Carey. David Copperfield-Dicken.. ' son •, Monday and Tuesday. 3 tmi . .«SO Gal. regularly J 3. 00, for .. 5^.^O
\\ MeXICan DraWIl Work PiCCCS— An eltgtnt assortment Of doilies, centerpieces, Black Beauty- Siwell. Diana Carew- Forrester. Rice— Fancy Cirohna Head Rice, Monday Qub CocktaiU— Full assortment, instead of
1 tableccvers, lunch clothe sideboard covers, tray cloths, bureau cloth, etc.; Back Rock- Connor. E»t Lynn, -Wood. "IJ I', 3 f'' r * * 'A'- ' ' J° r V*S2Hfic2^ \'f 'a' ' \ n? 7 < C
lg have JMt arrived; price, \. 25 Q o $WO Dumas. , JS^^ | ¦ -g £CE .^f?? " TsSi
If Saies of All Kinds of House Furnishings, Beginning Monday
if- A record-breaking demonstration for the last days of Septe tuber of the big store's bargain-giving poxver.
jj Safe Berry Spoons, This week many astonishing values in' thoroughly' reliable furniture, floor-coverings, kitchen and dining Sale of $3.5 O
i* Teaspoons, etc* ,,.•..,,,. . • * ; • Picfuws Q7
|| Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. closet necessities, bedding, towels, linens, pictures, table silver, etc. ' . rnswurc*,*:**^
x and R BfrryfpolriViSthe 0l ne^^^^ Buying good furnishings is an investment that yields large returns in satisfaction. Buying poor furnishings J^^^J^'^J^^
* B^^JXt^-h * "J is 2 ettin g something that is bound to bring regret and dissatisfaction. Every article mentioned below is new and jpiS; «fr «***^] |«»
•» w_. u - -« .1 iv I .¦« <••¦•'" '.ir-'t-- : '- ;--' : -A,',;' «_>c_» . # landscapes, witn «-incn colored beveled mat and
1 f tJ£S»s S. <?:"! . r° m perfect. The Emporium offers only the best of furnishings at the least of prices. Sfc t, $# ** & ta»», «»a» $ 3m
j | TlbX*^?. •.-.•.•. i : \um Buying this week will be making a good investment indeed. $1.37
I House Furnishings ' Library Table, $8.75 and $12.15 The Crockery
I At Cut Prices A Special Offering for Monday art Tuesday Safe IMS Week
!g These Folding Tables— For sewing orcard Oitrich Feather Dust- ffl com'ortable q — RM Theje 6<JC h Amafeaa beanty whIt .
\f playing, 36 inches long, 19 inches wide, ers—Ths regularly ..**".. ¦ • ¦• ••««'*•'•«'«' IT , d ar fc brown decora. semi-porcelain dinner jets (as thin and
iv m r C 11 " 11 *? " ripe$ ° f f di 5 rent 7°^* 3S c. si« for three This Library Table Monday and Tuesday Settee -Golden quarter- This Library Table Monday and Tuesday ** Tea-pots for white a. cv-na) 100 piece, for » p«no M
i J %^^W^WMM S 22o only $8.75-Go.den oak or imitation ma- |^^^ W °i JS TT* " '
;*. Monday, Tuesday ani Wednesday. $t m 16 hogany; top measures 27 by 46 inches; anl n x S F IMC MCK • • • ish; handsomely po nhed; the fluted legs are |w
»>* ' ' never so'd regu' arly less than gSt £% «9 Cf " " ' &2OmOO 7>Vz inches in diameter; 4&"0*& 43 £Z . F f ' yi
' S" X* N. n \ i" i" »¦' ¦"¦?' | t | Ir ¦ **. ~j Si 2. CO* a great bargain at ••J'^fl'* m worth 520.00; a rare bargain at *r m m m m _ ; .^r— — t»_
*. N<\ W'"*' y^*™r£^. |L~ ~I I C«IUrctte--In golden qua:ter-sawed oak; high- Weathered Oak Bookcase — Wi'h double glass BooKcaSC Secretary — Golden quarter- Y^^^^^^^^f^ \\ f/^ P 4^
It X^V p " <¦ fW£§^Sgt&\ j ly r olisned ) has g !ass rack « tobecco ccm- doors, rcunded corners, with hand-carved sawed o^k, two glass front bock casts, divided ft^^^^^^^^Sf \\ pi Vr [) (f" 3 1 *•«»*/
% >il>^ -'- - --I | I pT'lJfe>N partments, etc.; a den u incrmp'ctc with- heads thereon, mass'.ve carved c'aw feet, S w ; th a perfectly appoints writing desk, hai \$§wS*~§iPr&& : 'h Vvi »'/ oi l '- <^\v ' i/-^.
X ¦ yC> J "***, ,. J r^. T . ° cut one; this style. . . . $2Q m 5O adjustable jhelves . . . . §57m5Q French beveled plate mirror, solid brass fittings, Vj B/
1} TP^^WT /^^^P^ ' Others $15.00 to $67.50 Others from $3.75 to $150.00 neat carvings «h.lTes,drawc^ etc. ... ~*^*l <iilm_r^- , \a^£/ - m
\$ * ¦ • ' .. ' Davenport -Highly polifh-J golden quarter- BooK Shcl ,_Go!den oak, 26 inches r '^' ' ''' ' ' "jT^fo'n mf F ™ imitation rat Thin blown gold Carlsbad China Te*
j* Larje C«t Sted $3 Wringer, -Wood Scns.b.e Hat Iron,- ]^[£^^%V^ wide 5 6 inches high, can be folded glass berry bowl,, bandglas, tL- *%J«*!«»
I |§PS1 SIB Imm - - : • • v -• " — ' r; h i^ 5 t iiip
i A Curtain Sate . Sate hf Bedding,; ; _. '
I Mons/s *y * nd Tiiesit ®y Linens, etc. J^k 4^§S&t- "^fffS-
1 %' lj^^^~^^^^^\ I \ ¦ secure 200 pairs each of these curtains to sell at the These Prices Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. if Wl^f^^^^^B S^^M^ttrl
i J* J^^^^^^^Oif *§P S^ amazing!y low prices quoted below. • 8 Ibi w h ; te Mission Blanke'.s— Best Austraian lambs wool, worth /^X. v
J ' Ecru Lace Curtains with the new Grecian Key border, 2j4 * I2 -5° F", for $7,95 (ty? '
f Two Burner' Ga, Food Chopper-Uni- Galvanized Wash Tub, y«ds Jong; jus: right to reach the window .ill, the 7^^^W^ ? to^^^^SjJ /"T- v .,
I Stove-With 6 ft .enai f^ilv «z V -„ in cia.eter,' . w.y they hang them now; sclhng price for * P. maJce> Ettk cotton b *f f * ™» *%£* -h 7 G u« d Cuspidor,- Fancy
t: cf tubing, regularly will chop anything heavy sheet metal, the tWO dayi, pair . . „ ... ... m W m f%0 t \ mn -' \ Ct 10 «coratea saaae UarJC brown, we rta Oas O.obes, regu.ar-
|5 for the three raw or cooked, reg. . non-rustable, regular- Prctlv 1.^ CurtainS—3 jwdl long, 40 inches 'wide, wide ' J* *Z \ \ \ ' VY *'.'*"•/ L *' V * <f- to match, worth 40c, «r*"al«. ly6 5 C each, for
I J da,. . . . SUS9 $>.*S, *r . 88O ly Ji.oo, for 39o insertfon 4 pattern,; £j. ' " |# S4 95C ' " 5 °° ' ' '
1 5C /If" /OC ¦ • J r l h C tWO day, only, per pair ... . . tf^O Cradle B.ankets-nnc fluffy cotton, easily ..aundered, «le pHce per *3l$'
'** Wire Coat Harder. Ostrich Feather Dn.t.r. 150 ¦ Samples o! Satin Damask— i*A T^- long; wrrt P alr - • • • - . 38o u f f * 6O ' "* oa
i Wood Butter hddte P«^h PifS^SD^. .«*«to the marked price,; each -.:$2.2B .to 75 $3. 7 5 White S P reads-A little coiled in dbplay, ule price . *2.Off rl':'^?;^ Nickel Lamp, complete, 60 candle
6 O««t£T VrT; F m r-Af 5° Couch Cover*, fringed all around, each. ...... . $ U 7S $2. 9 5 Marseille, Spread-Full size, a cases on «le, each . . $U78 H«*«« China Calce P^
»; g««rtT"»ft«t.CMii. Emery Knife Sharpeners. j o p ort5ercs l hea^ RepP)4 color,. .-$£00 Si.25 Comforter,- Heavy wei s ht, full .ire, for . . . . . . 98c T* , WIe ' decorated ' "^ mchwh^domeshade 75
j. tme Toothpicks. Potts' Iron Handles. 50 pr s. of Arabian Lace Curtains, new design . ... . .. $3.OO 20 In. Crash Toweling- Fully bleached, yard. ........ .60 33 ° 10 ~?:T uTj ¦ pe
$e Tin Mouse Trap,. • • Fruit Jar Wrenches. 50 prs. Savoy Lace Curtains, pair . . . .... . . . . $3.75 64 in. German Damask— Pearl bleached, a superb value, yd. . . 6JO 8-i nc h Crystal and Gold Vases, with gold line decoration ...
£ Box Night Tapcn.V<*; Renovar CJeaning Fluid. , 6 Patterns Lace Bed Stta (new) . ... . . $2. SO to $6.50 20 X 40 «n. Damask Towel,— Htmstitched, heavy weave, each . 23o regolarly ice, for . . . . So $*'UO
I iV nnnrRimwri fall ifm Pl» ni P * Patterns Bonne Femme Arabian Curtains, c*ch$3m75 to $lQ m OO Pillow Case,— Heavy, full bleached, perfectly made, each . ...Ho China Chocolate Sera, very pretty
Z J,, . SvT • o 1 # ' „ 8 .S s « '10 1 Pattern, Linene Cloth, 36 inches wide, yard. . ... . . 25o .Bed Sheet,— A dependable make, for large beds, 81 x 90 in., sale price, Preserved Palms, 5 leaves, for octagon shape, daintily decorated
s*» Glue in Tubes. Box • Moth Paper. • 10 Colon Plain Burlap, 36 bches wide, yard. ..... .... . tSO each. . . .' . . . SOC decorating a home . . . 35o $2m7S
I S^ie of Mmttlngs BHiS Rags all th® Woek
i Another of the big store's famous matting sales begins Monday morning. Aclean-upof entire stock of $7. 5oand $9.00 8 AlSO all; WOOl Smyrna TUgS in One Size Only — large eh'OUgh for TOOmS — Six partJCU-
| per roll Japanese mattings-large assortment of pattern, and coloring,. We quote nntU clo,ing time Saturday night- I • larly handsome patterns tO Select from, Until Closing time next Saturday night-
Jf Matting worth a roll, 20c a yard Matting worth 59.00 a roll, 25c a yard , ' ¦
5 Thb week, $5.70 ./• : 15c " f^ ' This week, $7.40 " 20c " 9x12 ft. Size, Worth. $22.50, f Or. $16.80
j»* • . ; : ' ' ¦ . . ¦ ¦ - ....... ¦¦-.¦.¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦¦•. ¦ ¦ ¦ -. « - •A New York architect, who has put up
many country houses; says that he haa
not during the last decade been called on
once to put a lightning . rod on any of
these houses. The lightning rod has dis
appeared altogether as a means of. pro
tection on new houses.
Who has performed bo many -wonderful cures
without medicine or Instruments, has returned
from the East and can be found dally from 10
to 4 o'clock at tier magnificent office In the Ma
rion building. 110 Geary et. Diagnoses free for
the next two weeks. • •
Dr. Nellie Beighle,
The editor of a paper published at Peip.
lln, province of West Prussia, has also
been fined for asserting that a citizen of
Karthaus, in the same province, had been
imprisoned twenty-four hours because he
did not know German.
BERLIN, Sept 26.— EIght> Polish women
of culture belonging to" the Women's Club,'
which >Bld Its meetings at the homes of
its members, have been* fined at Gneseni
province of Posen, for refusing to sub
mit the constitution of the society to the
police in the German language, though
they offered. to furnish to the authorities
a copy of the document in Polish.':.'
C0UBT IMPOSES FINES
ON BIGHT POLISH WOMEN
LONDON, Sept 26.— The British Foreign
Office In , denying the. statement of the
Paris correspondent of Daily Mail
that Great Britain, and Spain had agreed
to the establishment of a French [ pro
tectorate over Morocco characterizes the
story as "groundless nonsense."
PARIS. Sept 26.-The French Foreign
Office declares that any negotiations with
Great Britain on the subject of Morocco
do not go beyond the question of a gen
eral good understanding. The officials
flatly deny that France Is entertaining
schemes for a protectorate over or a con
quest of Morocco, and express surprise at
the persistence of the press reports at
tributing euch plans to France and as
serting that Great Britain's consent has
been purchased by concessions In Egypt.
The utmost that could happen in the case
of certain eventualities would be that
France would exercise her right of as
sisting the Sultan In pollcelng the fron
tier district. . ;
Entered Into With Britain
Concerning Morocco.
Assert That No Agreement Has Been
FRENCH OFFICIALS DENY
THE PROTECTORATE STORY
LONDON, Eept v 26.— The report pub-t
lished in the United States that Sir Fred
erick Trevis, surgeon in ordinary to the
King, had been summoned to Balmoral
to attend King Edward and that alarm
had been caused thereby Is incorrect. Sir
Frederick was not summoned to Balmoral.
He went there on a personal visit to the
King which is so far removed from any
urgent professional summons that the
London papers of Thursday last an
nounced that "Sir Frederick Trevis will
leave for Balmoral on a' visit to the King
Saturday." --- ; " ; ;
Sir Frederick, who was surgeon in or
dinary to his Majesty when he was Prince
of Wales, has kept up a keen friendship
for the sovereign, and has Joined the
party at Balmoral, which to-night In
cludes the Earl of Kllmorey, one of. his
Majesty's most genial friends'of boyhood.
They spent this afternoon watching a
cricket match. Yesterday- afternoon the
King undertook a long and trying deer
drive. During tho week his Majesty ex
hibited the best health and spirits, divid
ing his time between strenuous outdoor
life and discussions with Premier Balfour
and others regarding the composition of
the new Cabinet.
Sir Frederick Trevis has retired from
the practice of his profession.
Report That Sir Frederick Trevis
"Was Summoned to Attend Him
Is Incorrect.
KING EDWARDS HEALTH
CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
Shoots Wife and Then Kills Himself.
TOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Sept. 26.— A. B.
Brownlee, aged 60 years, 6hot and killed
his wife Henrietta, aged E2 years*, to
night and then committed suicide. Ill
health and despondency are assigned as
the causes of the tragedy.
CZAR NAMES AJOBITBATOB.
IN" THE VENEZUELAN" CASE
Selects Professor Do Martens to nil
Vacancy Caused by Illness of
Portuguese Appointee.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 26.— The Czar has
appointed M. de Martens, professor of In
ternational law at the University of St.
Petersburg, to be the third" arbitrator. In
the claims of the allied powers against
Venezuela for preferential treatment, In
place of the Portuguese appointee, whose
Illness has precluded his serving.
• Professor de Martens was one of the
arbitrators In the Pious fund claim. In Deu
cember last the Professor was awarded
the Nobel peace prize.
The other arbitrators In the case of the
Venezuelan claims ,are M. Mouravieff,
the Russian Minister of Justice, and Pro
fessor Lammascs of Austria. _
WASHINGTON, Sept 26.— "Wayne Mac-
Veagh, chief counsel for the peace powers
In the Venezuelan case at The Hague,
cabled the State Department to-day that
the first meeting of the court will be held
October 1, the arbitrators appointed by
the Czar having been accepted. This
meeting will be for organization, but it is
expected an agreement will be reached as
to the length of time to be allowed for
the arguments. The counsel for the peace
powers are .Wayne MacVeagh, Herbert
W. Bowen, American Minister to. Vene
zuela, and William L,. Renfleld, solicitor
of -the State Department.
TJBKUB, Macedonia. Sept. 25 (Friday).—
It is reported that a proclamation Is to
be Issued announcing the granting of am
nesty to surrendering Bulgarians and the
adoption of more stringent measures as
to recruits. The Greek villages and mon
asteries have been forbidden to receive
In future Bulgarian women and children
refugees unless they are accompanied by
their men bringing rifles. v; ; \"
No Haven for the iRefugees.
One hundred and twenty Bulgarians, in
cluding fovr Driests, Who had been ex
iled by the Turkish authoritles> left Mon
aatlr yesterday.
M0NASTIR, Macedonia, Sept 22 (ria
Sofia, Sept. 26).— Snow has fallen on the
higher mountain ranges and the refugees
must 'either leave their hiding places or
suffer the greatest hardships. The Turk
ish troops continue to slaughter refugees
who return to their former homes at tha
Invitation of the, Government, which
promised them, protection.
Near tha village «f Zelatan, In the
neighborhood of Resna, troops found fif
teen returned refugees working In a field.
They bound their hands, drove them. Into
a ditch and murdered -fourteen of the
peasants. The fifteenth survived " his
-wounds. The refugee women subsequent
ly discovered the bodies and carried the
survivor before the Lieutenant Governor
of Resna, who refused to hear their story.
SNOWFALL AIDS THE TUBES.
Drives Imckless Hef ugees From Their
Mountain Hiding Places.
Negotiations between the Porte and So
fia are reported to be still proceeding, but
the situation appears to remain un
changed. In view of the fact that the
powers decided to answer the Bulgarian
note It Is doubtful if next week's meet-
Ing between the Czar and Emperor Fran
cis Joseph will cause any material change
of policy.
The report that Tchernoheff, tha captor
of Miss Ellen M. Stone, the American
missionary, had been killed, is untrue.
The Macedonian committees have plan
ned an imposing demonstration for to
morrow. There will be a requiem moss
in the cathedral, followed by a procession
through the streets, carrying black ban
ners and portraits of the Macedonian
leaders who have been killed during the
insurrection. .
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 26.— The person
nel of the Sultan's new Macedonian com
mission Is alleged here to be an Indication
of the insincerity of th« Porte's inten
tions. The Bulgarian representative,
Nicola Rebuff, a member of the court of
Justice at Monaetir, is 80 years of age and
has been for many years an official . of
the Turkish Government With the ex
ception" of Hilmi Pasha, tha Inspector
General, who Is president of the commis
sion, none of the others has any prom
inence or Influence. The fact that the
Bulgarian population of Macedonia given
only one representative is held here to
show that the Porte has not accepted
the demands made by the Sofia Govern
ment.
Negotiations Between Sofia and Con
stantinople Continue, but
Peace Outlook Is Not
Bright
New Macedonian Commission
Not Representative of the
Balkans.
Porte Gives Renewed
Evidence of Its In
sincerity.
BULGARIA'S
DEMANDS ARE
DISREGARDED
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER
MARYLAND \ CAMPAIGN.
.BALTIMORE, Md., Sept> 26.— The Dem
ocratic State campaign was opened to-day
in the presence of about 8000 persons, at
At \ the close of the conference It was
announced that such men as Judge Edgar
M. Cullom, Lewis Nixon, Judge Geigerich,
Morgan J. O'Brien, Judge "William Gay
nor, Joseph C. Hendrix or Edward M.
Shepard would be acceptable to the Kings
County . organization. Unalterably is the
organization opposed to the nomination
of McClellan.
The Telegram says, on what it declares
is the - highest possible authority, that
Charles P. Murphy, the Tammany leader,
has determined to nominate on the Demo
cratic ticket { George B. McClellan for
Mayor, Edward M. Grout for Comptroller
and Charles V. Fornes for president of
the -Board of Aldermen. Grout 1 and
Fornes were renominated for these of
fices this week on the. fusion ticket, on
which they were elected by. majorities
two years ago. They are Independent
candidates and the Evening Telegram
says have expressed their willingness to
accept the nomination on the Democratic
ticket.
Fornes said to-day that no one had of
fered him a nomination on the Tammany
ticket, although it 'had been intimated to
him that such a plan was on foot He de
clined to discuss the possibility of his ac
ceptance. 1
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— After a long
conference to-day it was decided that the
Kings County Democratic organization
should name a city ticket on the floor of
the convention and combat the nomina
tion of George B. McCleUan to the bit
ter end. The leaders expressed their de
termination to fight It out with Tam
many.
Kings County Demo
! crats Will Not Swal
* low Programme.
TAMMANY MEETS
WITH OPPOSITION
In Hungary there are thousands of vil
lages and hundreds of small towns with
out a doctor within ten miles.
Mount Airy, In Howard County, a railway
point at which four populous counties
join. All the State candidates and the
leading Democrats of Baltimore City and
Maryland were present. Among the
speakers were General Fitzhugh Le* of
Virginia, Edwin "Warfleld, the nominee
for Governor, and ex-Congressman
Joshua Miles. The burden of all th»
speeches was the race Issue. In his re
marks Warfield declared that "the great
and pressing problem of the day,' not only
In Maryland, but In every section of our
common country, North as well as South,
Bast as well as West, Is the negro ques
tion, and it cannot be put aside."
The Republicans will open their State
campaign at Oakland, Garrett County, on
Thursday, October 15.
26
APViESTISEJJENTS. .
fe%v STOMACH #»
Food that remains undigested
soon ferments, causing pain and
distress. A dose of the Bitters
before meals will insure perfect
digestion and prevent Belching,
Flatulency, Heartburn, Dyspepsia'
and Indigestion. Try a bottle.
All druggists.^
Wu^__ CU>FLiER?f
LEADING EUEINESa COLLEGE OF THB
WEST, 24 Post et.. Ban Francisco. CaL
ErtkWiehed 40 years. Open entire year.
Writ* for Illustrated catalogue (free).
A polVtechnic
/. \ Bnclness College and
O??Tr"V-. r »V«i Echool of Engineer-
/PSTl'J-fJ^I^WSrt l*ri?eet and belt
S^-^V?5?S*^PT: «<J»JPped ecbool ot
B^»** >^-*-lS>'"^P'' business ehorthani
F'*£.~mr2?A-r : ***b^i *° a engineering west
«* Chicago. Perfect
pace catalogue.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELET.
UcarSSr.g and day echool for boys under IS yeari
c f rn.ee. Studies commence MONDAY. August &.
19C3. Eend tor Broepectus to Bro. Geoebraa.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Etudiea will b« resumed MONDAY. August 3,
IMS. ' BRO. ZE^ONIAN. President.
OCEAJT TBAVEL.
eBt«ameni Uat» Baa Fraa-
clBC/ as followi :
Tor KetcMkaa. T7raagel
Jjneaa, Halnes, Biar"a/.
•to.. Alaska — 11 a. in.. Sept.
IS. 23. 23. Oct. 3. Chans^
to cotnpaaT's .Bteaaiers at
Btattla
For Victoria, VancouTer,
__ ort Tewmwid. Semttle. Ta-
«=*• E^ 81 *!*. Whatcon*— U a. m.. Sept. IS.
23. 28, Oct. 8. Chan»» at S«att!« to this com-
S^T," m }* ail 5SF m tor AI *» k * »»» O. JT. Rt.; at
W to*G*P 100111 * to N - P - Ry '5 »* Vanioa-
For Bareka (Hnmboldt Bar)— Pomona. 1:30
6»nta Roma. Sundays, 0 a. m. "*"«t^-
Btau» ot California. IHnxnOmrm, • a. m.
For Los An*eles M» Baa PsdsD and lCot
Ban Pwlro) Santa Barbara, Santa Craa. ito!
}? T ? T 'J i * a fit «»on. Cayucoa, Port Hartord <3aa
Luis OWsdo). Ventura and Ha«n«iaa.
Ooo« Bay. ft a. m.. S«pt. 22. 80, Oct. 8.
goo***. » *• "H B^ >t - 1S - **• ootri:
For EMroada, kasdalena Bay, San Jba* isl
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. L*Paa, SanU »S
ta^Guaymas (MeT). 10 . m^th ot «S
For fnrth«r tefonnaUcra obtain fold**.
tna^datBi* r *" WT * 1 to «!>*«»«» »U«ai«» or nlk
TZOUT Omoia — 4 New Montrooj*
«T rtrwt (Palac. Hotels 19 &r*«t itn«^
uroaaway waarx.
a IX DTOaVn. O«i»rafs& BfW A«wt
10 Market strart. Ban lYaartw
O. /?. *S TV. CO.
I J^xi?rr>^<Fld adjtSSli
Portland to all' VotnU^J^rS^^*^^
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
Btaamers wiu Uavo wharf corner &-«* ««f
Brannaa «tre«t*. at 1 p.^* to^OSoaiSf
and HONOKONO. caUlns at Kob# (ffio^
hSSK,^1 «« and tSSiKtte* at
Hongkong with steamers for India. et& Jf»
b. 0 ??^'' 1 *' 1 **
r»7». w£?5 tf1 ?' v Roun d trtp tickets at rwlnced
Pany« offlc. 421 Markst street, corner Flnt.
. W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent.
oceanics.s.co. mj&sws:
V * OIMCI UM ts I*«ir-
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. S. 2 p. ra.
S.S. AI^AMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 17. 11 «.ra.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tanltl. Oct. 23. 11 a. m.
•JJ.S?SECCIS& BS0S.C1L, lflhL.T3cbtBft8.S43Sa.-Ma
COXPAQRIS SSMIBALS TS-iSSATLASTIQ-l
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <fSjTfh
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. +*rinBkJ
North River, foot of Morton st
First-class to Havre. 470 and upward. Seo-
ond-clasa to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building-).
New York. J. P. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents,, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ager.ta.
Mar* Island and VaUaJo Btomerm,
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 8:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
8unday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon. « p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mission-*:, dock. HATCH
BROS.
Rarei wibak men
IS3fft fewl DR HALL'S REINVIGOR.A.TC.I
C3w laM steps all losses and unnatural iii-
n a charges In 24 hours. You feel an
ErtTl pjH improvement from the first das--.
tyn Fffl\V« have so much confidence In o-r
UiiJ llAA treatment that we offer Five Hun-
I ¦¦-"! Jj dreJ reward for any case we caa-
¦"•SfcoSEJ not cure. This secret remedy curej
lost power nightly emissions, wasted orjaas.
varicocele, gleet, strictures, kidneys, falling
memory, drains in the urine, ccnorrhoea. dis-
ease of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption *nd death. . Positively cures
tho worst cases In old or youroc of that mortlfy-
Xng condition, quickness of tSe discharge, and
wantinz to do. and you can't. Sent sealed, $-
per bottle, three bottles. ,J3. Guaranteed t»
CU Cal? r or C *ddres« orders /rtALL'S MEDICAL.
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
Also for sale at 1073VJ Market St.. S. F. Seed
for free bock. /
Weekly Call/ $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS. , .
oc*occcGO3OG©s©oc€s<?GooeccsGcoo©ee©o©o©co©@eeo®oo®©©0©o©©©©©©©©ooo©©<
I ¦••"' • ' .'¦ !
O . ' - J
& ¦ 5
o
O Nothing like the values we arc offering during this last week of our removal sale have ever been seen in {
@ Szn Francisco; this we are willing- to prove to any piano purchaser who will take the trouble to call at our store <
O it No. 30 O'Farrell street We are not "working off" a lot of cheap stock bought for the occasion, but have sim- <
0 plv reduced the prices on every one of our regular instruments, in fact everything we have in the house, in order J
® to* dispose of as many pianos as possible before moving. We expected to" move much earlier in the month, and j
2 tlie stock we had ordered for opening came in on top of our stock on hand and it has been necessary to sell more J
«* pianos during the removal sale than we anticipated. The public has been particularly liberal in its patronage and we (
S led that the last week will relieve the congested condition of our piano department. We move on or before Saturday. 4
Q before if possible, so promptness will be absolutely necessary if you wish to get the benefit of our prices, which. <
O is we before stated, competition cannot met. even though it would. Those people who are interested in saving I
® money should certainly call. All we desire is that you investigate and allow us the opportunity of showing -you J
** that we mean what we sav in this advertisement. Our store at 30 O'Farrell street (do not get the wronar address) J
H rt-ill be open from 8 a.m. until q:so p. m. every day before we move.
O A few of our tremendous bargains in pianos, organs, aeohans and pianolas, which will be offered the public j
O during the final week of our removal sale: , i I i <
O Woodworth, Schell & Co.. refinished. crood $1000 Steinway grand; very good condition; taken in <
O co*nd : tion cut to ." TT $OF* exchange from well-known teacher; cut to. ..... .$475 <
0 $27? Heller & Co largest size; almost new. oak &175 Hobart M. Cable; walnut case; wood marred in <
O caScotto : ..*1S~» transit; cut to .$295 j
** $375 Kimball; medium size; good cheap piano, cut Two large-sized Knabe pianos, one in walnut, one :
2 to...! 9185 mahogany; cases damaged; prices -> substantially re- J
q $275 Whitney; largest size; oak case; good as new; duced. <
a Uw Mason" &' Hamlin; fancy oak; fine condition; NeW PiatlOS. <
O cut to - li.*IIIlV«Ii-"£* **X' hi .">!"» We have new pianos at almost any price you might .
2 l~;g ¦ °. S a a^r S casef $£S SS2 nam - °™ ? oud °ir pianos at $r 4S . mahogany case. !
>3oo -ncw x^n to i<i.»u, *. are the best that have been seen in San Francisco for <
• t0 • A!**V u"~~'~,' r *^c»"\,eA*ri "VnV n chnrt this money. We also have an especially choice assort- <
5 ; $300 Stdnhauer, mahogany case, used for a^short ment Qf at $ $285 and <
§ &" 'cha^'e;' 'la^ge" Vi«';"usVd 'but' little; u P ward - Terms as low as $5 down and & per month on ]
o v4- 3 Aoura a v,ii*3t, & , <ja35 squares. $6 down and $6 per month on uprights. J
S cv } to ••;;•" " D " 'AL ''.'In' *«!:*,"«."." ii*r^*ocVi;i'»'n^vi'- It would occupy too mueh space to go into details ,
g $ 375 Konler:& Chase; small size, almost like^new^ regarding every bargain we have. We cannot .tell you I
O cu i to '^'^"yt' : r" W««y-fVft"nV ftiv'^cA-'' M-',th exactly how a piano will appear to you. We can tell ,1
g $400 G. O Heine: perfect condition oak case vuth gort v w sensational
o or without electrical attachment, cut to ...... .P«^ lers haye madft SQ m&ny .^^ and exatreer . ,
O $650 Hunter Orchestrelle Piano; 4 pedals: with or ated sta temenf3 in print that we hesitate to state all we '
g without clcctricnl attachment; cut to _..*•* «o might regarding our goods. There is nothing like \
« $200 Knorr piano; sample; walnut case; brand new: seeing what you are buying and being convinced by
q cut to 9115 the evidence of your senses. When we say we are of-
© $400 Gil man upright; rosewood case; rebuilt: cut fering by far the best values ever shown in San Fran-
O to - $185 cisco we are amply able to prove this statement to
2 $w"Dranair& Sons; rebuilt pood as new; cut ««* *?* « ve^ customer who will take the trouble to
0 v ,Doujii[ui» i* , $15O call. In buying a piano the purchaser should be ex-
5 t0 * "". •••••••• ' n - tremely careful to select an old reliable house wllich
O $ 45 ;o Steinway; good condition; cut to. S?i-a has a reputat ; on for honesty and integrity and which
2 $600 Bechstein Parlor grand; finest Lrerman rnake; can ma k e good every claim it puts forth. Every piano
q cut to Jp-oO on the above list and in fact every piano we sell we
• Sgso Weber concert grand; good tone; good condi- w in take back at the full purchase price in exchange
O tion; cut to $350 on any Knabe, Fischer, Hobart M. Cable or Kohler
® $S?o Kimball Baby grand: mahogany case: likc^new; & Chase piano, "which is simply an additional guar-.
a tone above the nverage; cut to §385 antee.
2 <o;o Decker Bro« ' Baby grand (the genuine Please tak 8 particular notice that Knabe, Fisch- ;
O Decker): oak case; gcod condition; cut to...,. 9423^ er, Hobart M. Cable, Kohler & Chase, Kohler & ,
® $Of;o Steinway grand; taken in exchange from a Campbell and all our regular makes of pianos are <
2 prominent musician; good condition; cut to §375 reduced materially during this final week. |
§ ORGANS Mason & Hamlin; 13 stops; oak Each Aeolian is accompanied by !
G We are closing out our immense case; regular $200; cut to.... $135 a bench. Aeolians can be bought (
• stock of Mason & Hamlin organs Mason & Hamlin Liszt organ; on exceptionally easy terms when ¦
•at a tremendous discount, and the single manual and pedal base; 15 desired, and these will be taken in J
S prices at which we are offering the stops; oak case; list $700; cut to exchange any time within three J
©celebrated Mason & Hamlin or- : $450 years; on large Aeolian at full
O gans are lower than other stores Vocalion combination reed and purchase price. <
O are compelled to ask for cheap or- pipe organ; beautiful combination 4
O gans. Our organ prices are cut of 6tops; with top; cut to..*?37C PIANOLAS. '
• us much in proportion as our One Vocalion; two manuals; * <
2 piano prices; we could not say pedal base;*23 stops; every im- W e have a number of Pianolas \
O more. Following are a few sam- provement; list $2000; cut to. .„ wllich have bcen rented and used (
©pie bargains: : ..•.. • ••? X? for demonstrating; also a number <
2 Mason and Hamlin; new; 10 ( We . cannot accommodate this the cases of wh i cn have been dam- (
2 stops; oak case; a beauty; repu- ? r & an m o u f ne w bmldmg.) This aged in transit> which wc are sac _. |
S lar price $180; cut to ?T5 instrument is suitable for a good- rificing at cxtrcmc l y low prices, as
S Mason & Hamlin; walnut case; S!Zed . church. The organs above we do not care to ta ke them with ,
O 10 stops; new; formerly $115; cut mentioned must be seen to be ap- us to the new building. These in- 1
Oto $SO preciated. Pleasc rernemD*er that 6truments can all be exchanged at 1
2 Mason & Hamlin; walnut case; at the prices we are offering them fu]1 purc hase price on new 1
2 large number of stops; regular the y Wl11 not last lon^- Pianolas w;thin six months from j
0 $160; cut to .$100 AEOLIAN SELF-PLAYING date of purchase. A day or so will ,
O Packard organ; large size; . 11 ORGANS clear this stock out, so a purchaser -
© stops; slightly used; regular $135; . .. wvjai^a should make an especial effort to
O cut to 950 Aeolian; 8 stops; including 30 come early.
2 All organs mentioned in this rolls of music; cut to
2 list have all the latest improve- One Aeolian; mahogany; 14 SMALL INSTRUMENTS.
O ments, including double knee stops; double knee swells; every
O swells, octave couplers, Vox Hu- improvement; with 30 rolls of During the last week of the sale
O mana; the price includes also a music; cut to .$25O every small instrument in the
® stool and the well-known Kohler C* ne . Aeolian; 6ame description, house, including all mandolins,
2 & Chase guarantee. Each of the excepting oak case; with 40 rolls banjos, guitars, music boxes, cor-
2 above organs has also an orna- of music; cut to $25O nets, etc., will be substantially re-
© mental high top. . One Aeolian; oak case; every duced, and we would advise every
a /-TJAT3TTT r\D/-AKTc improvement; ;,o rolls of music musically inclined person to look
J CHAPEL ORGANS. $350 ovcr our assortmentt which is the
ot Mason and Hamlin chapel or- One Aeolian grand; oak case; most complete in the West. We
O gan; oak; new; regularly $100; interior good as new; $750; cut to represent all the leading manufac-
2 cut to ?C5 $450 turers.
4 T
O COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
O ESTABLISHED 1BSO
§ 28-30 O'Farrell Street Later— Kearny and Post
O OPEN EVENINGS NOW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At\ nnfni tit ATtLm "v -'" v *'^ <S0X€Q XMllOTT
bian Lac« Cur- ~ °" M - raatJe cf
pi! k Week of Splendid Value Giving §£§£
sold regularly at «ach; special tbu
SS°thu I t.ik Pa * Vvm'E WANT this coming week to be a very busy one/ We want week
S345 - flfljT every department to be lively and we want the store to be 9c ,
bJ - 45 <Ut£A» crowded. We have decided that the best way to accomplish this « — J
is to offer some genuine bargains, and if you will read carefully what we have to say in the rest of this ad.
you will discover that we have succeeded in doing so You will find it to your interest : to come here this
week,, and we would advise that you come Monday, for those who get here first will naturally have the best
* please, that everything we are offering is new. Thjs is your opportunity to get. the
strictly new and up-to-date goods at very substantial reductions. We don't think you will overloOK such an
opportunity. A ,
Big Values in Dress Goods Splendid Silk Values
tj. _,. -i7i_«_ First Floor.
Bargains That Are Better Than the Average.
><;; The best bargains we have ever offered. . Colored Taffetas, 50c a Yard— Worth 75c. This
black that will not fade; width 52 inches; jg Jg d « b $ propositioru . Spccial
special this week wcek £(J C
Black Silk Sicilian, 59c Yard— Worth $i.oa It Moccasins and Armures, 50c a Yard— Well
is an extra heavy iron frame weave and a guar- worth ?I^ 5 , an d thi* is a very extraordinary of-
anteed fast black. We carry it also m garnet, fcrin * Jt - 8 a fancy weavCf 2? inches ' and
brown, navy and royal blue. It is the genuine Eng- tfae coJorI are browrJ( light green pink> oM rQg
lish make and has the silk sunshine finish; jrg c ecn and black# Special this week en
width S3 inches; special this week tyvv " * _ uUC
French Broadcloth, 95c Yard— Worth $1.50. These silk Crepes, 65c a Yard— This is a new shipment,
goods have the rich panne finish and we are show- an d the list of colors is very complete, including
ing them in a midnight fast black as well as all Hght blue, pink, Nile green, taa, r«e, turquoi3e and
the new Fall shades; width is 52 inches; QC C gray. The width is 24 inches. It if ;a beautiful fab-
special this week *r*JL/ Tlc f or even j n g gowns. Special this week fit?-.
Black Panne Zibeline, $1.20 Yard— Worth $1.75. ••™£™ii v**i'NV/**L*^** J?-
This is the long hair kind and is just the thing for Black Taffeta, 75c a Yard— Worth $1.00. This is
long coat suits. It is all wool and comes in deep a new lot of the 24-incn width. It is the heavy, rich,
fast black with a brilliant silk finish; a»f ?/) rustling kind that is so much desired. Spe- jz r
width is 52 inches; special this week.. •f>l"6U ciaKthis week « * «^*"
Suits, Skirts and Waists Underpriced
SECOND FLOOR.
A Big Offering of Strictly New Goods at Remarkably Low Prices.
Cheviot Suit, $24.50— Worth $30. Mercerized Sateen Petticoats, 95c Peau de Sole Waists, $3.60—
This is a neat suit, in the blouse —Worth S1.50. The material is Worth $5.00. These waists are
with bands of peau de soie. The garment has an accordeon oleated have the full pouch sleeve; colors
jacket is silk-lined, and a silk flounce and is edged with a nar- cream, blue, pink, reseda, cardinal
drop skirt is included. Colors row ruffle. Special this QC r and black. Special C? /T/)
black and navy blue. O^A c fi wcclc •••?••—•*•— •••••« - 7 «^ this week .-».»• <pO.VU
Special this week.. •p* / r»OU • Wi*j£ «r t •?'***' ' : K ~'" y -
. Tweed Walking Suit, $19.25— Dress Skirts, $4.85— Worth $6.50. Alpaca Waists, $a.xs— Worth
Worth $25.00. Jacket is silk lined These skirts are made of all-wool J 3O °\.A h j Se »P 1 « 1 f i d "¦ wMft* are
and trimmed with bands of the black cheviot and trimmcd whh J^ s^ c ? n y? r^J^* J ro «
same material; both front and . ' . _. an . a DacK » ana a , f e buttoned at the
back are pleated. The suit is bands of P cau de soIe - Thev are Slde : fan cy stock collars included;
tailor stitched at the bottom and made with seven gores, and have the colors are black, navy blue
along the seams. e/O 9C the ful1 flare - Special qc a , n . d cream. Special - —
Special this week., *pl^'^O | this week ...,.,..,... •pV'OO this week &4.1O
You will find the "Cottage" range a splendid baker, and one
that will be a pleasure to cook on. Come in and see our immense
stock of stoves, as well as the most complete line of Bed Sets,
Parlor Goods, Music Cabinets, Dining-Room Sets, etc. Our prices
are lower than elsewhere, as we own our building, pay no rent, and
give our patrons the benefit in low prices and easy payments.
The J. Noonan Furniture Co.
1017=1023 Mission St., "SX&Hnm,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Falrlj Sparkling In Beer Goodness"
OF BEER. DECLARE
BlatzBeer
Superior from an ' points of
?law; Possessing- absolute pur-
. lty, proper ay* . and Honest
ria. vo r . Adapted to all tastes
according' to Sxow and Brand,
EXPOBT fENES PRIVATE STOCK MUE5CHEHR
Ask tor "BI.ATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZ BREWIHG CO., MILWAUKEE
BrauDschweiger & Go,, inc.
5 end 7DRUMMST.. Son Francisco.
TeL ltoln' 164(1 Whole«al« Dealer*.Two suits for insurance on the ship
Glenora, which was destroyed by fire on
the i Yukon River a year ago, were filed
yesterday by "W. Rigby Jr. One of the
suits la for (5000 and is against the Svea
Sues for Insurance on Glenora,
Montgomery street while the Russ House
block changes are progressing.
Insurance Company, and the other is ft>r
51500 against the Providence-Washington
Insurance Company. The policies were
assigned to Rigby by the owners of the
vessel.
The Australian colonies have a greater
railway mileage, In proportion to popula
tion, than anj% other part of the world.
streets- lot 20xC9 feet, with two flats, on thn
south side of Minna street, 05 feet northeast
of Eighth; lot 28x75 feet, with two-story build
ing on the northwest corner of Eighteenth and
Coliingwood streets; lot 30x115 feet and cot
tnce on tho east side of Noe street, 103:4 feet
north of Laidley; three flats and lot 29:3x100.
on the west line of Potrero avenue, 1C7:9 feet
north of- Twenty-first street; lot 20:(5xlOO, on
the northeast corner of Church and Valley
streets; lot 70:10xSl. with L of 120 feet, and
four cottages, on I the rorth side of Fulton
street. 78 feet east of Webster.
The block bounded by Lafayette and
Schiller streets and Eagle and Clement
avenues, Alameda, on which are nine
cottages,. will be sold at auction on the
premises by Easton, Eldridge & Co. on
Saturday, October 10. The sale will take
place at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
The Pacific Improvement Company has
authorized Baldwin & Howell to offer at
private sale their entire holding In Mis
sion blocks : Nos. 13 : and 14, fronting on
Valentine Alviso has sold S30 acres of
the Llvermore rancho In Alameda Coun
ty, one mile- north from Llvermore, for
something like $40,000, to L. Kavanagh.
Through the agency of Rothermel & Co.
C. T. Crowell, E. W. Davles and R. H.
Howell of Los Angeles and WY B. Allen
of Arkansas and Louisiana, incorporated
as the Empire Redwood Company, with
a capital stock of $1,000,000, have bought
the lands of the Gualala Mill Company in
Sonoma and Mendocino counties, amount-
Ing to 24,000 acres. The same brokers
have also sold recently the folowlng:
Four hundred and eighty acres in Pope Val
ley. Nape. County, to Robert Laurie, $3500; 430
acres of timber land in Anderson valley for J.
H. Brush, and 640 acres on account of Robert
Hlckmott at $10 an acre; 1CDO acres west of
Wllllts from August Welhe, $16,000; 153 acres
near Ukiah to W. B. Rlley, $650; an 160-acre
ranch near Geyeervllle from Mr. White to Mr,
Sproul, $2000; a 10%-acre farm near Martlnea
to C. S. Peck, $5000. and 660 acres near Pes
cadero on account of the Grangers" Bank, terms
private.
A most successful , and enjoyable ex
cursion was. carried out under the able
directorship of Colonel W. H. Menton,
manager of the country land department
of the Burnham & Marsh . Company.
Two hundred and sixty tourists were
conveyed to Willits for the purpose of
viewing the land in the northwestern set
tion of theHown, with the satisfactory re
sult of several purchasing parties locat
ing there. Colonel Menton has also sold
the twenty-six acre ranch of M. Goldwa
ter, with Improvements, which is Bltuat
ed near Novato, * Marln County, ' to • Mr.
Sutton.
Thome & Co. have moved to 312 Bush
street, between Montgomery and Kearny,
in consequence* of changes "in the Russ
House/i under which they were located.
' Davidson* & Leigh will remove to 207
Valencia and Mission, Twelfth and Her
man streets. The property is offered In
small and large subdivisions and affords
investors seeking building sites an unus
ual opportunity. This property Is adapt
able'to most any class of improvements,
either for a large factory or'manufactur
ing sites, stable or business properties,
stores and flats. Terms can be arranged
to suit almost any proposition required.
SOME COUNTRY LANDS.
Four two-story and basement houses on a lot
78x90 feet, on th« west line ofrWebsteT street,
87:6 south of Hayes; six flats and lot, 27:3x
137:6, on tbe northwest line of Harrison street,
100 feet southwest of Tenth; lot 27:6x100 feet
on the southwest comer ¦ of Turk street .-. and
Central avenue; lot 25x57:8 and. three flats, on
the northeast corner of Webster and Fulton
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. -will auction
realty next Tuesday, offering the follow
ing properties:
Lot 30x137:6 and dwelling at 1420 Califor
nia street, north Bide, between Hyde and Lar
kin streets; lot 25x80 feet and two flats at 47
and 49 Langton street; lot 25x75 feet, with
etore and rooms and flat above, at 22 and 22}£
Langton street; lot 30x112:6 and house of
twelve rooms at 705 Bush street, adjoining the
corner, of Powell etreet; lot CO by an extreme
depth of 137:6 and two houses, 1606 and 1608
California street, immediately adjoining Polk
Btreet; lot 02:0x90 feet, with two dwellings,
at 1C00 Taylor street and 034 Broadway; lot
107:6x137:6, with 23-room house and two ad
joining dwellings, at 1309. 1311 and 1313 Tay
lor street, between Washington and Jackson
streets; lot 45x160 feet, with six flats on each
frontage, at 1209 to 1211B Howard street and
708 to 712% Tehama street; west half of the
block bounded by Fulton Etreet on Golden Gate
Park, C street and Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth
avenues, and homestead lots belonging to tha
estate of Marcellus Hartley. •
F. B. Surryhne Is out with a catalogue
for an auction sale of miscellaneous prop
erties to be held at his salesroom, 138
Montgomery street, on Monday, October 5.
On Wednesday next Madison & Burke
will sell at special auction the following
properties:
At the Burnham & Marsh Company's
auction sale on Tuesday, September 29,
there will be included among other choice
and desirable pieces in their catalogue
the property on tne southeast corner of
Eddy street and Van Ness avenue, which
Is reckoned" as one of the choice locations
In San Francisco. The rents at p'resent
are $480 per month. A fine investment Is
offered. '.-¦¦•T-*~J
Speck & Co. have sold two flats and
23x120 feet on the north line of Ellis street,
125 feet west from Laguna, for Miss Ann
Collins of New York to I. Glaser, the
price being $S000. /
Baldwin & Howell had a good week
selling lots in blocks fronting the park,
and report that all residence sites on the
easterly and westerly line of Twentieth
avenue, between H and I streets, some
fifty lots, have now been disposed of. Tho
contract for sewering Twenty-first ave
nue from I to H street, Including tho
connection with the H-street main sewer,
was awarded under private contract to
Felix McHugh, and work Is already un
der way. The same contractor did all
the sewer work between H and I streets
from Seventeenth avenue west to Twen
ty-first avenue.
SALES AT AUCTION.
Lot 25x06:4 and cottage. No. 2516 McAllis
ter street, near Parker avenue, for the estato
of Katharena Meyer to Frederick E. Hizglns;
lot 23xC0 and two flats, Nob. 1373-75 Vallejo
street, near Larkin, for Mrs. Louise Boutet
to David and Rose- Levy; lot 30x125 and two
flats, Xos. 21-2.J Beulah street, near Cole, for
the account of Augusta Harrington to William
J. and Anna M. M. Horstmann; lot 25x1 CO and
two flats. Ncs.. 1C52-54 Hayes street, near Cen
tral avenue, for Christian Jann to Patrick
Landers; lot 25xS0 and two flats, Nos. 145-47
Ban Carlos avenue, near Eighteenth Btreet,
for Mrs. Emma Matheson et al. to Lucy M.
Reilly; lot 2ox!>0:10 and two flats. Nob. 619
21 Clayton utreet, near Haight, for William
J. McKlllop to Christian and Margareth Jann;
lot 25x100 on the north «lde of Waller street,
34:7 east of Ehrader street, for Mary Brooks
to John A. Hoots.
' Francois, concierge of the Hotel
Internationale at Nice, France, and his
talented wife, Idalene Cotton, who plays
the role of Sidonle, ths French maid.
Their portrayal Is so characteristically
Parisian in accent and temperamental ac
tion that audiences are often decoyed
into tha conclusion that these are truly
Parisian artists who have been brought
over especially for the parts. Such a con
clusion is far from being correct.
Nick Long is a native of San Francisco'
and has seen long service with some of
the greatest stars and attractions that
this country has ever had. Idalene Cot
ton, who is the personification of a Paris
ian maid and who struggles eo with the
"English language" on the stage, Is glib
enough In her Yankee speech off the
stage. She is a daughter of Bee. Cotton,
once the most famous minstrel of his
time. She was also born In San Fran
cisco.
The pair are celebrated In French char
acter parts especially and their work is
the cleverest in the line that can be found
in this countrv.
been made by Shainwald, Buckbea & Co.
since their last report, among the num
ber beina: the following:
For Mrs. "W. L. Banford. a lot 45:6x110 feet,
and house on the east side of Leavenwortb
street. 60 feet north of Washington, for $9500;
for tho Brickell Estate Company, lot 25x120
feet on the east side of Twenty-seventh ave
nue. 100 feet north of Lake' street, $800; for
the estate of Ludwig Altschul, lot 25x100 feet
on the west side of Broderick street, 25 feet
eouth of Post street, $1750; for Mrs. Gouraud,
320 acres in Fresno County. $3200; in the Mis
sion, for Charles Dumer, lot 50x125 feet, on
the west line of Landers street. 269:6 feet
north of Sixteenth, $1550; for H. H. Buhno,
lot 25x100 feet on the west side of Guerrero
street 70:6 feet north of Twenty-seventh for
$1750.
R. D. Cranston & Sons report the fol
lowing sales recently effected:
AMONG the principal characters of
the cast of "The Prince of Pil
een" at the Columbia are Nick
Long, who plays the part of
Nick Long and Idalene Cotton
in "Prince of Pilsen"
Are Clever.
CLEVER NATIVE* DAUGHTER
WITH '.THE PRINCE OP PIL
SEN" COMPANY.
Macr.arr.ara to Rivers, southwest corner Har
rison and I-ar.gton streets, 75x73 feet, covered
by improvements consisting of store and two
tenements, price $11,000; Blma to Robinson,
southwest corner Shotwell and Twenty-first
streets, cottage and lot 05x122:6 feet. $10,500;
Sims to Ross, house and lot on the west line
of Shotwell street, 95 feet south from Twenty
first, £0x122:6 feet, $2750; Anderson to Ger
deau. residence and lot at 10G2 Dolores street,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, lot
40x117:6. for $S0O0; Tyson to Carroll, lot on
tho north line of Jersey etreet. 00 feet west
from Chattanooga. 100x114 feet. $2000; David
son to X>ankwerth house and lot 9oO Treat
avenue. 45x122:6 feet. $3000.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
eales:
Lot 23x120 on the west line of Twenty-sec
ond avenue, 175 feet north of L street, to J.
J. MtLhonej ; 25x120 on the east line of Forty
eighth avenue. S7:6 feet north of M street, for
$550. to J. C. Cairns; 25x120 on the west line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 feet south of H
Etreet. for ?S0O. to V. B. Troyer; 25x120 on
tha east line of Thirteenth avenue. 225 feet
north of California street, to W. R. Boone, for
$750; 25x120 on the west line of Ninth avenue,
250 feet south of N street, for $500. to W. J.
Casselman: 75x100 on the north Una of J
etreet. 82:6 west of Forty-seventh avenue, to
A. Chamberlin.
A number of medium sized sales have
The largest sal© of city real estate con
cluded during the last week Involved the
transfer of the lot on the north Hiw of
Geary street. 40 feet east from Grant
avenue, with a three-story building 1 , by
William J. Dingee to a client of Sonntag
Bros, for J1C5.000. The sale has been pre
viously mentioned with details. >?'* ' ".'
Through the agency of Speck & Co.,
W.. H. DemlnK and Florence D. Harley
have ¦ sold to clients of the firm named
34:4^x137:6 feet, with Improvements con
sisting of a Eix-etory and basement brick
building 1 , on the north line of Turk street,
206:3 feet west from Mason and the Mar
ket-Street gore, for J140.000. Vf. O. Wat
son bought this property unimproved
from Thomas Golden for $41,000. The
Demlngs bought the property one year
later for 545,000- They put on the lot a
building that cost $65,000. By selling for
$140,000 a profit is made of $30,000. The pur
chasers have an Investment paying 6 per
cent.
The 20-foot lot with a depth of 110 feet
and the .building thereon on the west side
of PoTk street, 30 feet north of Fern ave
nue, between Sutter and Bush streets,
have been fold for $35,000 by Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co. for Samuel Bissinger. The
building is three stories in height. On the
ground floor Is a branch olllce of Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s Express.
Thomas H. Williams has purchased
from Samuel G. Murphy the residence
and lot on the northwest corner of Pa
clflo avenue and Broderick street, the lot
being 45x127 :SVi feet, for $70,000.
Through the agency of Shainwald, Buck
bee & Co., the W. W. Van Arsdale resi
dence on the north line of Pacific avenue,
103 f«et east from Buchanan etreet, the
lot being 34:4Hxl27:8 1 4 feet, has been 60ld
to a client for $17,500.
Theodore Reichert has bought from
Fannie A. and James II. Harcourt the
property on the south line of Pine street,
137:6 feet west from Taylor, for $30,000.
SELLING CITY LOTS.
The following recent Bales are reported
by F. B. Burrhyne:
Auction Catalogues Contain
Lists of Many Eligible
Properties.
One Transaction Profits
Owner Neat Sum of
$30,000.
FIGURES PROVE
REALTY VALUES
THE SAN FBANCISOO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27; 1903.^
MAKE HIT
AS FRENCH
SUBJECTS
27
PBAGERS* 1 PRAGEES | PRAGERS | PRAGER9
Millmery Department • Final Clean -qp of
Offers q Wonderful Ht*5fltffr£f*H Slightly Damaged
Special oi\ One W^ &f& Blankets and
Price Hats 1 !2,38>i25o market sH^| -
—— —^^ — J[ comforters last week was so great that
tft% A l^k W& Here are enough __«. t*/««i- ~f ?!»« Dk A nAiM AK o11» • there were days when customers could
>|L beautiful styles to Last WeeK OI tne Flienomenally not be waited upon. It is for the benefit
fllB *^ a ZMr O*suit every indi- c«~~,«»r>4*»»l r;» P * Anni'imw/imf of those who missed this grand bargain
V™ § * ** vidaaitype. Successful First Anniversary sa i e t0 8Cll out cntir * stock &£ wc
• _ . .....,, , " fnhiloa «tnlo make a final offer of this stock damaged in
Turban of shirred black velvet. The JUPUee oaie. the recen t fire in tho Southern Pacific
crown \s draped in soft folds and the brim . yards,
is shirred and trimmed with fancy wings l*"rf B^ HE Sales during this month have" BLANKETS
pil^wStld^ black I G9 ° <°* "*^ r $'•»
che'nJiir"' pair o^blacVwing^ani "'two * tations. Each week has been better p.2g for regular goo blanket,
large jet ornaments are arranged prettily t h an the one before. There can be but two |5; S5 for rc^ lar ft^ blank - ets ;
toward the back of the hat. f • flattcring showing — the W™ for regular $6.50 blankets.
Black Velvet Poke fitted plainly with wide 1WW , . °. .* 85.45 for reenlar $7.50 blankets,
binding and trimmed in black satin rib- right goods at low prices. AS a WIIIQ-Up to $6.95 for rejrular $10.00 blankets.
bon and pompons/ g re at Sale, beginning tO-morTOW, we §7.75 for reKtilar $12.00 blankets.
Mohair Felt Poke with binding of black , ° rtro c^UnHi'H hnrcrainq anrl it will COMFORTERS.
vcl r\J^ mti f t^ m< i h / aigrett " . e splendid bar^ins and it will O5c _ Good 8fl koli ne covered comforter.
and ribbon ties of black velvet. pay you to look Over our StOCk. 91.48— Good sateen covered comforter.
Smartest and Newest Styles in Special Prices on the Finest of
Women's Waists, Suits and Skirts, Silks and Dress Goods,
BEGINNING tO-mOrrOW We Will Offer Several eX- A NOTHER. shipment of sUks and dress goods has arrived and to-mor-
dUSive and desirable Specials in this Section. - f\ row we wiu g i ve the early customers the benefit of some extra-
¦ • , ordinary values.
$4.05 — This waist is made of peau de soie in black and colors, beau- i\»»«e rnftnc m t-
tifully tucked and pleated and. with rows of Mexican Btitchine, new URB55 tooua— aiaot.
French sleeves and in every way most chic. ; 60c a yard — 50-inch ladies' cloth; extra fine and very popular
$1.25, $1.45 r $l.O5 and up to $5.95— English vestinR waists in f or tight-fittinj? suits.
the new military styles; perfectly tailored in every way. They come in _ T5c a yard— 52-inch black shrunk cheviot; sells always at $1 00
plain colors, stripes, checks and dots. $1.25 a yard— 50-inch black zibeline; long hair and silky finish. This
SUITS. material is very much in demand at the present time.
Absolutely the most complete showing of the new Mannish suits in . BLACK SILKS.
San $25 n .O S O C< f or a regular $35-00 value-At this price we are showing %£ * Zt'^Ti* l^l l^T ™% l^
many styles in Ion* coat effects, either straight front or blouse styles, c a yard-Guaranteed black taffeta; worth $1.25.
with or without capes. The materials are new Scotch tweeds. English . 7oC a yard— Guaranteed peau de sole; worth 90c.
heather suiting and mixtures of every description. $1.OO a yard — Guaranteed peau de soie; worth $1.35.
°i h / r Ji ri< iSl o a 2^ from £?«'52 to $50.00. . . ' $1.1O a yard— Guaranteed peau de soie; worth $1.50.
$14.05, $18.75 and $10.05— Many pretty styles of walking and *. 3
dress suits made of cheviots, fancy mixtures, etc. GREAT SPECIAL IN FANCY WAIST SILKS.
SKIRTS ===== 1
... . « . . ' . . . . ,. +rt mnrrnv For to-morrow we will take our entire stock of fancy waist silks
; 1 ," fpltftcUy ToX strapped ""ch ordinarily «U ., 85c, $,.co »d $, * 5 . y ,rd and p», them on
seams, yoke effect and seven-gore flare, in colors of blue, black, brown our counters at 49c, 63c and 69c. This is a rare opportunity to se-
and tan mixtures. " ;J»£ cure fine waist silks.
Lace Collars, Vetts and Art Specials. Women's Aprons and
Gloves. T H g<S r ->y s S e P*PoA'™t« 5S Infants' Caps.
A few specials that will save you money. We are Cushion Tops. O HOPPERS will pay close attention to the prices on
paying special attention to these lines that put 25c each— Tinted cushion tops O ordcles otfered In this department. They will
the final touches to a woman's" dress. You an< j 5 ac k s o vcr 25 different de- prove a find.
won't lose anything to look over this stock. signs, ready to work with silk. ''. Aprons.
Lace Collars. Regular 50c values. 25c — Made of fine white lawn. Some have a
.' . . Linen Centers. deep hem and one row of embroidery insertion,
80c— New swell lace collars made of Venice lace $3.75 each— Linen centers others with hemstitched hem, also another style
in all the newest patterns and styles. Th*se are partly worked, including silk to with several rows of satin stripe effect,
the collars that are worn so much now. Regular finish O ver 100 designs to select Infants* Caps.
$1.00 value. . from. 2 5c to ?3.50_India silk and Bengaline French
- Veils. \ ' — — — ' ¦ caps, in white, red, blue, castor and royal.
20c, 25c and 35c each — Fancy mesh nose j - , 1 $1.OO to $10.00 — India silk, crystal cord and
veils in all style patterns and colors; also black SliDf* Df*Hllf*fiATI^ Bengaline Poke bonnets. Come in cream, tan,
and white. Regular 35c, 40c and 50c values. iJHUW KWUUWUUUJ* royal, castor and light blue; also black velvet.
'—— — Several specials that are popular ' — ¦—— — —— M ~— — ¦ — ¦ — — —
¦ 1 and will be very attractive to thhse 1 — — — — — — — — ,
Unusually Larfle Display of *-*'«*«« Attractive Bargains in Ovt-
Ovcrcoats for Men. shoe for 7ien oo b ox" a *" d BiucheJ fits for the Boys.
O mww% ..„ . .. .' A . ' lace, extension soles. Goodyear T-^ OR this week— vacation week and final week of tha
UR counters are filled higher than ever before welt, Essex toe. A strong shoe, H Anniversary Jubilee Sale we wffl present a few
with men's overcoats. There is no trouble to suitable for dress occasion. * specials that wfll be worth securing. Spedal atten-
find just what you want at a low price. Begin- $1.40 _ WOMEN'S street tion has been given to the selection of most appropriate
ning to-morrow we wul make this big special at shoes; box calf or Vici kid lace, things for holiday time. s>_ *»F*vj»«aio
a variety of prices. extension soles and military heels. Suits.
$7.5O— Good heavy weight blue kersey over- Reduced from $2.00. $2.85— Elegant sailor suits in pure woolen storm
coat, nicely tailored and well finished. ,.5*. * . ~ MISSES box calf or serges; trimmed in black, red or white silk braid; age3
$O.OO — Oxford cheviot coat, cut ' 48 inches Vici kid lace shoes, extension 3 to 10 years,
long; slashed pockets, good Italian linings and vel- soles and spring heels. Size3 $5.OO — Long pants suits in pretty patterns and dur-
vet collar. A good value at $12.00. n?6 to 2. able materials; ages 12 to 19 years.
$10.00 — Covert cloth top coat, made up in Z^^^ZIZZ^ZIZZZZZZZ^IIZZZZIZ $7.50 — Long pants suits in pure woolen tweeds and
first-class style, serge lined and satin sleeve linings. , cheviots; single and double-breasted coats; ages 12 to
Come in brown and tan mixtures. g+ *+a *-%• 19 years; nobby patterns.
$ll.OO— Oxford cheviots, blue kerseys, black Cjreen McHliP Cl£ar Overcoats.
and fancy mixtures in all the different lengths and ' r $5.00— Boys' full length Oxford overcoats; velvet
styles. All serge lined, best satin sleeve linings _ ¦ . ' • collar and well tailored; ages 5 to 12 years,
and perfect fit. In buying one of these you save One of ™« very best smoke » <>» "-————--——-—---— ——-¦————-
rrom $2.50 to $5.00. Special. -"S/:yj the market. . « .
$13.5O— A fine black Thibet dress overcoat, no r> c * nn ' /MeTI riirriT^nTTlCi^
cut 44 inches long. Broadway box style. Lined 7lOr25C. 15lOr50C. 111^11111^*
with the best serge linings and finely tailored Sox. — —
throughout. R/w /\? 1 f\f\ 9L^ 0Q Tc a pair— Seamless sox; double heels and toes;
$15.00 — Silk lined unfinished worsted over- UUA Ul lWj black, brown aind mixed; strictly fast colors and stain-
coat, hand made throughout. An excellent value less; all sizes.
$20.00. — — ——^—^» 1 * i r^ Underwear. f : >
$16.50 — A swell lot of fancy Scotch over- . . 05c a garment — Natural, Vicuna and camel's hair
coats just received. They come In all the newest J Ask clerks* for Green Trading I wool shirts and drawers; double stitched seams;
colorings, some stripes, others fancy plaids;* also I Q . _ m uu n ,, P -L M ,. I drawers have reinforced seat, covered seams; very soft
rich black and white mixtures. I btamps with purchases. I finish; Ruaranteed t!nshr i nkab i^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"DIAMOND MARKET
AFFECTED."
This was predicted about one year ago.
Time alone has proven the assertion, butr
like all • former triumphs of science, this
wonderful gem (Sapph Diamond) has had
to prove Us way to victory.- ,
'These gems so closely rival the real dia-
mond In hardness that they are cut In
the same manner, receiving that high
polish which causes them to burst forth
with that prismatic fire and brilliancy so
characteristic of the real product. J. C.
DAVIDSON has but one agency estab-
lished on' this coast, and that fa at 124
Kearny street. San Francisco, Cal
"BEWARE"
Of any one offering Inferior substitutes
or clalmlne to represent me. ¦
No electric lights used, "only at night."
"DAVIDSON'S GEMS"
Are demonstrated side' by. side with real
gems and guaranteed to retain their phe-
nomenal -luster. Reconstructed rubies,
emeralds, • sapphires and pearls that
would foil the best of experts. Direct im-
porters of Australian and - Hungarian
opals. World's greatest diamond - Imita-
tor. J. C. DAVIDSON; catalogues.' :
ATiVTTR r rTKTTVrp;yrTfl
B.KATSCHINSKII
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
i 10 THIRD STREELSAN FRANCISCO. [
1 HONEST VALUES THE
I BEST TRADE WINNER
I The beat advertisement for any I
j ctcre Is a reputation for square 1
. dealing- and honett values. Such |
! a reputa-Uon Is -worth untold wealth I
s because It Is proof conclusive that |
* the public- has confidence ln'^the 1
jj etore. It has always been our aim |
i and object to Bell the best values j
: for the least money. We have built C
j up our business on those principles, r
and to-day we Bell more shoes than I'
any firm on this coast. Here Is a I
\ sample of the values that have \
5 made us popular: Ladies* Patent ]
i Leather Kid Lace Shoes, with mat *
4 kid tops, -coin toes and tips and |
hand-welted soles with military \
\ heels. The PRICE ONLY S2.15. I
Sizes 2V4 to 7H: widths B to E. U
I KEEP YOUR FEET WARM
i This la ths season of coughs and
I colds, eo be careful and take proper
care cf rour feet. The mornings
< are trowing colder and warmer
j footwear Is reaulred. Special for
this week: Ladles' dark blue beav-
erette lace shoes, with flannel lln-
: Ing, leather Bide pieces and low
\ broad heels. The PRICE ONLY
SI .00. Eizes S to 9.
j ALWAYS WEAR WELL
~i Box calf lace shoes for children,
5 misses and young ladies. Every
aj pair guaranteed for wear. Coin
SA toes and tips, double soles and
W epring heels. Widths C to E.
jf! "Child's sizes, 8 to 11 81.00
•"<] Misses' sizes, 11^ to 2 S1.25
;.* Ladles' sizes, 2}£ to 5»4 81. 5O
1 * - "" r " ; V"- *-'i. ;~
|8, KATSGHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
* XO THIRD EX., Saa rraaclsco.
At Manufacturer's Price.
J. JiiAETY, 22 Turk Street.
Factory — 8-6 Howard Street. Repairing.
IDEAL WEATHER
IS THE EXPRESSION OP
EVEEY ONE ALOKO THB
California Northwestern R'y
The Pictcrcsque Route of Calif orma.
Ticket Offices cf th» Companr. C50 Market
rtrett (Chroclele BulWlnr). «nd Tlburon Ferry.
foot of Market street. General Offices. Mu-
tual Life BulliSlng. corner of Baniome and Cal-
ifornia »treet», Saa FrancUco.
H. C. WHITINQ. B. X. RTAU.
Cen'I. Uuaser. Gen'l. PmM*r. Aeent
DEER
HUNTING.
If you *ant to get a deer, go to Wllllta,
»top at the WUllts Hotel. Mcndoclno County
la beet bunin* cround In the Btatt near to
ACUAlCALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL \CAR BOUND. Natural hot
¦olpnur mprizigz. kernperature llfi decrees, ria
tudss. F*r« * x 10. Bure cure tor rheum*-
T |.m, («ttim«, kidtr>y and liver trouble*. Tub
*ad not plunse bu hs. The largest mineral
water «wlmmln» U»k In the SUte. Compe-
tent l*dr and rentl»uen matseura, fmmsmng
facber. Special rat*i from now on. Pecita,,
II Montromery «t. "rHEODOB BICHABOH*
A^ua CaUeste, Sonoma Co.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦HHnaBBDBBBHHBBUMHBBBBUimiBnflflflBBniiBI
||pg|||g|j ' We Trust the People.
'Illl' ' TBIS WEEn SPECIAL
The celebrated Morris Chair, ®1tIv A^!«?Sr
extra large full size, the chair for "gajgf fttjivfO
comfort and beauty. Adjustable / c^V :^ c 5^t^J%4
back; all colors velour reversible
cushions. Patent spring seat; ;
quarter - sawed oak ¦ Solid Oak framed strike and
and polished. Just C7 IX alarm dock, a perfect time-
like picture..: »pt.«-^ "keeper; Tegular price
This chair was never sold in $5.00; for this week \Ly y*i
this city for less than $15.00. . **•"
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., sJSflt.
. Tra ean rt*ea u direct with lay e»x by trusttrrlag to ths gr»«a Kttmy •? Third-si, tw.
We furnish houses complete. Country orders solicited.
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiBiiiiiiiiin
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Tew People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Xearla everybody knows that charcoal Is the
cafest and most efficient disinfectant and pur-
ifier In nature, but few realize its value when
taken Into the human eystem for the tame
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more you take
of It the better; It Is not a drug at all. but
ilmply absorbs the erases and Impurities always
present In the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal eweetens the breath after smoking,
drinking or after eating onions and other odor-
ous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Improves the
complexion. It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic
It absorbs the Injurious gases which collect 1
in the ttoraach and bowels; it disinfects the
raouth and throat from the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one form or an-
other, but probably the best charcoal and the
most for the money is in Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow.
<2ered Willow charcoal, and other harmless an-
tiseptics In tablet form or rather In the form
of large, pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixed with honey.
The daily use of .these lozenges will soon
tell in a much improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of It is that
no possible harm can result from their con-
tinued use, but on the contrary, great benefit
A Buffalo physician in .speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
eorbent Lozenges to all patients Buffering from
gas in stomach and bowels, and to clear the
complexion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver Is greatly bene-
fited by the dally use of them; they cost but
twenty-five cents a box at drug stors. and al-
though In some echf* a patent preparation, j-ct
I believe I get more and better charcoal in
Stuart'* Absorbent Lozenges than in any of
the ordinary charcoal tablets."
CALIFORNIA 1
J LIMITED TO CHICAGO. |
• lerrcs Monday* tad Ttiurtdiyi M ».» t m. . D
-Tbieejh In Sdtjrt with Diners tod »11 trappings. t|
" O» ether tra'.n» gm u H
' 7:38am 1 for Stockton, Fresno, . |
f :30tM > Bakersfield, Merced, R
8:00PM) Banford, Vlsalia. ' f/ H
4:00PM for Stockton. H
I:COPM for Kansas City and, Chicago, g
' Office. 641 Market St.. and in Ferry H
. Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. Ej
Trains tent Marktt Strut Firry. H
Bad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of tbe Stomach,
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal VUcera. 25e a box. At druggists or
by xnalL RADWAY A CO., New York. -THE SAN FBA3S T CISCO CALL, BUJSUAr, 5EFTEMBER 27, 1903,
28
The only man in the world who cures the Liquor The McKannn Cu . re !s endorsed by the rtedical
Habit in 3 Days, and who does so without the use Fraternity, the leading Railroads and the leading
of dangerous hypodermics, without detention from City and County Officials from Chicago to San
business and without the slightest after 511 effects. Francisco.
12,000 RESTORED MEN AND _^_ ' THE McKANNA CURE IS
WOMEN , TESTIFY TO THE j™ " "~"' THE ONLY SAFE AND PER-
% EFFICACY OF THE McKANNA I MANENT TREATMENT FOR
CURE. I THE LIQUOR HABIT KNOWN.
No Father, Mother, Husband, Wife, Sfster or &xk&& lm • Dr. McKanna's Sanitarium at 14 Geary street,
Brother who has a friend or relative suffering from $L&& jjf San Francisco, is the finest equipped and best ap-
the curse of Whisky should fail to consult Dr. Me- pointed institution in the United States established
Kanna. Me can restore the one you. love or regard BBBiBHBBiBBBBEBBi^^HaBBBBi solely for the cure of the L.iquor Habit.
Dr. McKanna makes a specialty of treating
T H E M C K A NNACUREGURES women patients. Ladies are assured the strictest
V TO STAY CURED. ;• V ' privacy and the skill of female attendants.
: . ¦:'::/¦¦¦ ¦'¦¦¦" ¦• \S$f?- ' ¦ ¦•¦ >,¦ . ¦ ,
TCS5 3.1 1 ITI Sll to w "^ g T$l /S my' -*u&* ***mk
Fully equipped Sanitariums are now maintained by Dr. McKanna in
Chicago, Kansss Gity, DcsMoines, S©attlc 9 Oklahoma,
Dr. McKanna's booklet on "Alcoholism," a valuable little treatise,
will be mailed tree to an v address /Public Officer Betrays His Trust.
BERLIN. Sept. 55.— Corruption in the
public service was shown up at the trial
to-day of Herman Baganz, secretary of
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— Through an
opinion prepared by Assistant, Attorney
General Campbell, the Secretary of the
Interior has rendered a final decision in
the case of Morrow,' and others vs. the
State of Oregon and the Warner L.ive-
Btock Company, involving *a large tract of
land claimed under the swamp lands
lawn. The decision directs/the Issuance
of a patent. Tho caso has been before
the department for twenty years and has
attracted much attention.
Morrow and his associates attacked the
application on the ground that the land
involved was not swamp land, but in a
decision delivered last May the depart
ment held that it was. The present Gov
ernor of the State filed a protest against
the issuance of patent on the ground
that it could not be issued except upon
request from him. Inasmuch as two of
his predecessors had made such a request,
the department overruled his protest.
Directs the Issuance of a Patent in
the Oregon Swamplands
Case.
SECBETARY OF INTERIOR
RENDERS FINAL DECISION
Sharp Earthquake Shock at Santiago.
SANTIAGO, Sept. 26.-A sharp earth
quake shock was felt here to-day, the
fourth within a month. No damage was
done.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Sept. 26.— It developed
to-day that an attempt was made last
night to kidnap the 8-year-old girl of Gov
ernor Mickey. "While four of the Gov
ernor's children were playing ln front of
the mansion an unknown man came along
and tried to carry the oldest girl away.
The other children clung to his clothes
and screamed. The man was so badly
frightened when he saw neighbors com
ing that he dropped the child and ran.
Governor Mickey says that the Warden
of the penitentiary reported to him twice
that a kidnaping attempt had been
prophesied by the convicts. One convict
saicl somB.time ago that such a plan had
been formed as a way of getting revenge
upon the Governor for his refusal to In
terfere when William Rhea was hanged
last summer for murder. A convict who
had been ln the plot says a convict soon
to be released had been assigned to kid
nap one of the children to "teach the
Governor a lesson."
A regular old-line life insurance com
pany will furnish life insurance, cither on
the straight life or endowment plan, with
weekly sick benefits, at rates cheaper
than those adopted by the Grand Lodge.
Absolute security and guarantee. No
yearly Increase in rates. Address Box
4002. Call Office, giving full name, address
and date of birth, and a sample polio
will bo mailed to you. •
Ancient Order United Workmen
Members Take Notice.
Daughter of Nebraska's
Governor Has Narrow
Escape.
KIDNAPING PLOT
IS FRUSTRATED
California in April, 1300. Three years
later, in July of this year, he was renom
inated for the position for three years
more and was unanimously re-elected.
So prosperous has this, the highest branch
of Odd Fellowship, been under his admin
istration that in that time it has in
creased ln membership 100 per cent. So
satisfactory has been his management
and success that in October of last year
the military council through the Sover
eign Grand Lodge conferred on him the
grand degree of chivalry, the highest
honor that can be bestowed on any Odd
Fellow.
the prosecuting attorney of one of Ber
lin's two criminal courts, who was ac
cused of selling Information to indicted
persons. There were five specifications,
including one involving the Emperor's
former banker. Edward Sandman, di
rector of the Prussian Mortgage Bank,
who was sentenced ln July, 1902, to six
years* imprisonment and to pay a fine of
1373 for falsifying balance sheets.
Canton San Francisco No. 5 has the am
bition to return to this city from the can
tonment with the first prize and to that
end It has for several months been drill-
Ing under Captain J. K. Ritter. who is
credited with being one of the best drill
masters for fraternal associations. For a
number of years he was captain of Com
pany B, Second Regiment of the Nation
al Guard. Muncle, Ind.; was captain of
the Muncle Canton, I. O. O. F., and is
thoroughly familiar with everything In
the drill line. In addition to the above
he was for a long time captain of Silver
Shield Lodge of the Uniform Rank of the
Knights of Pythias, and ls a member of
the Elks, Royal Arcanum and of the D.
O. K. K., K. of P. Under his direction
and instruction the canton has reached
a degree of perfection ln military move
ments that It had never before attained
and It is expected that the other cantons
¦that will enter for the competitive drill
will have to do sharp and steady maneu
vering to keep up with No. 5. This can
ton will drill In the armory of the First
Regiment on "Wednesday night, when, It
will for the first time execute movements
in a large drill room since Captain Rit
ter has been Instructor.
The Patriarchs Militant are under com
mand of General H. O. Brower of thi»
city, who was elected to the office of
brigadier and department commander of
MUST HAVE THAT PRIZE.
No 1. Sacramento, Captain George Bock,
commandant; No. 5, Pan Francisco. • Captain
R. C. Black; No. 0. San Jose, Captain F. E.
Colby; No. II. Oakland. Captain C. H. Cole;
No. 12 Los Angeles. Captain V. E. Pierce; No.
15 Stockton, Captain George F. Hudson; No.
16, Vallejo, Captain J. F. Chappell; No. 22,
San Diego. Captain John Stork; No. 23, Santa
Rosa. Captain H. C. Coltrln; No. 25. River
filcle. Captain E. H. Gruwell; No. 2!>. Ventura.
Captain \V. A. Browne; No. 30. Fresno, Captain
E.-M. Bishop; No. 31. Bakersfl>ld. Captain T.
W. Helm; No. 32. Watsonvllle, Captain George
Jesscn; No. 3."». Santa Cruz, Captain A. A. Mo
rey; No. 34. Napa, Captain William de Car
terett; No. 35. Eureka, Captain Daniel J. Fo
ley.
Snyder. John Stork. S. M. Puyear, I>. A.
Creelman and Frank P. Frary, the Mayor
of the citv.
The programme for the week is as fol
lows:
October 5 — Informal reception to the cantons,
encampments. Rebekah Drill Corps and subor
dinate bodies by the executive committee ana
citizens; military dress parade at 5 p. m. and
band concert in the evening.
October «— Session of the Grana Encampment,
general reception by the Patriarchs Militant,
dress parade and concert.
October 7 — Business session, concert ln the
afternoon conferring of the purple degree by
the Grand Encampment and the Golden Rule
degree by Oriental Encampment.
October 8— Street parade: barbecue at Lake
Yfabel, conferring of degrees, military council,
fancy exhibition drill by the Rebekah Drill
Corps, special session of the California Assem
bly of Rebekahs. reception to the State officers
of the assembly and visiting sisters; band con-
October 9— Competitive prUe drill in the af
ternoon by cantons, evening militia dress pa
rade, awarding of prizes, decoration of chivalry,
exhibition drill by Ladles' Drill Corps and
Krand ball.
Prizes— For the best drilled canton. $200 and
$100 trophy Jewel and sword; second best drill,
$175: third best. $125; and fourth best. $100;
for canton with greatest number of chevaliers
in street parade. $10; second. $35; third. $25.
The cantons of the Patriarchs Militant
that are to take part in the cantonment
are:
GAIN A LARGE ONE.
This gain ls the largest in any term
THE next convention of the Grand
Er.carrpment of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellow* of California
will be held at Paso Robles. com
mencing October 5, and the pes
ficrj will continue until th<* 9th.
It will be the largest gathering of the
t*| re pentativep of the higher branch of
f ~v\ Fellowship that has ever assembled in
: v is jurisdiction ar.d arrangements have
teen made for a we«"k of business and
pleasure that has never been excelled.
There will be. as part of the encamp
ment, seventeen cantons of the Patriarchs
:H5;!;tant. or military branch of the Or
der of Odd Fellowship, and this year the
several cartons will establish a military
ciin-.p. with tents, m^ss tents and all the
features that are a part of camp life, ar
rcrdir.g to military rules.
• It !s expected from the returns that
.have been received by Grand Scribes
Barres from the subordinate encamp
nifr.ts that there will be not Jess than 1000
mesaben of the order under the shady
caks cf Paso Robles during the week
t/iift the sessions of the encampment shall
re held. This ls exclusive of the drill
:-<^rps of the Rebekahp. who will be pres
ent from Ean Franci.«co, Stockton and
San Jc*e to give exhibition drills, and In
their pretty uniforms to add to the dis
play on parades.
The reports to be presented during the
F^s^ion of the Grand Encampment will
Ebow that the term about closing has
1 een a most successful one. that the net
csin of 340 members has been excelled but
lour times since the encampment branch
wap established In this State In 1852.
Odd Fellows' Grand Gather
irg to Be Held Under Paso
Robies' Trees.
; COMMANDER AND A DRILL
MASTER OF THE CALIFOR
! NIA PATRIARCHS MILITANT.
A committee, headed by Past Grand
Patriarch Joseph Foster of San Diego, Is
at work endeavoring to, secure the Grand
Encampment of 1904 for that city. The
other members of the committee working
to that end are C. W. Buker, N. S.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S.— The Financier
eays: One notable feature of the of
ficial statement of the New York Asso
ciated Banks last week was the reduction
of $5,008,100 ln loans, making the decrease
ln this Item for the fortnight $3,530,000.
This was largely the result of liquidations
conesquent upon the decline in the stock
market, although, as noted ln the pre
vious week, the reduction In loans then j
was principally caused by operations in
cident to the pending merger of the Na
tional Bank of Commerce and the "West
ern National Bank of the United States.
The cash reserve last week decreased j
$635,300 net, which amount is considerably !
ln excess of that estimated upon the ba
sis of the traceable movements of money,
this estimate indicating a gain of $111,(500.
The Ioes of cash was chiefly caused by
the drain of money to the South through
treasury transfers to New Orleans and
direct movements to the cotton ports, j
these transfers amounting for the week
to $2,000,000. The receipt by the banks
from nearby points, caused principally by
the return of funds which had been with
drawn for the Labor day holiday use,
nearly offset the shipments to other parts
cf the country and it ls noteworthy that
the movement to the grain sections was
quiet, reflecting the tardy distribution ot
these 'crops. The deposits decreased
$8,137,100. which, sum is greater by $2,490.
400 than that called for by the reduction
ln loans and the loss of cash; therefore
the settlement is technically out of proof.
The required reserve was reduced $2,034,
275 through the decrease in deposits and
deducting therefrom the net loss of cash
leaves $1,355,675 as the increase In surplus
reserve, which now is $14,559,300. Calculated,
upon the basis of deposits. Less those of
$38.S32,S00 public funds, the surplus Is $24.-
S02.500. The circulation was increased
$319,600 last w«k, making $1,815,100 since
September 25. inclusive. Loans are In ex
cess of deposits of $15,702,500. the largest
since July 11. The dally average of clear
ings during the week was $176,000,000,
against $170,00-1,000 in the previous week.
Compared with a year ago, the surplus J
reserve against all deposits is $10,000,090
greater. As above noted, this season's
movements of the grain crops is late, and
consequently the demand for money
therefor is small. If there should be an
important increase in this demand in the
near future, however, the effect upon the
bank reserves would probably not be se
rious, for these are now at an unusually
high level for the season and, moreover,
through the operation of relief measures
which have been inaugurated by Secre
tary Shaw, the treasury drain will be
minimized and the withdrawals of bal
ances by country banks will mest likely
he moderate. Comparisons of changes in
the itfm of loans show that, with the ex
ception of the two banks above named,
which are upon the eve of merger and
¦which reduced their loans $3,100,000, the
decreases In this item were quite uniform.
The ca.=h charges show a net loss by
seven banks of $1,600,000; three of these in
stitutions indicate a reduction of $4,700 -
I 000.
since IS76. The present grand patriarch,
J. A. Foster, was advanced by reason
of the death of the patriarch who was
elected at the Grand Encampment. He
has bfpn ln office but eight months and ln
that period he worked up an enthusiasm
that resulted in a net gain of nearly 150.
The membership of the encampment
branch at this time is 615S, in ninety-two
encampments. Of this number it is ex
pected that nearly 1000 who belong to the
military section will attend the canton
ment. In many of the Eastern States
the holding of a Grand Encampment is
merely a pro forma affair, lasting but one
day, and at which new officers are elected
and reports read, but in this State it ls
made the occasion of a week's outing for
the membership and there Is a division of
work and pleasure. The entertainment of
the visitors has been arranged for by th»
Odd Fellows of Pawo Robles and by a citi
zens' committee of the same place. Those
who compose it are: Executive commit
tee—A. Brendlin, J. B. Ward. A. T.
Pruess, Truman Brooke. W. S. Lewis,
David Waite, A. Monteith and J. Iverson;
citizens' committee — J. D. Armstrong, A.
Pfister. F. D. Frost, L. G. Sinnard, R. L.
Janncy and J. C. Brown.
Movement of Crops Is Late
and There 19 Small De
mand for Money.
New York Financial In
stitutions Show Big
Reserve Fund.
BIG OAKS
TO SHADE
THE CAMP
BANK STATEMENT
IS SATISFACTORY
¦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
29
ADVEETISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the 'last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :
HASKELL ft JONES OPTICAL CO.,
143 Qrant Ave.
CHINH-BEEETTA OPTICAL CO.,
091 Blarket St.
CALIFORNIA OPTICAL CO., \
205 Kearny St.
OHO. E. KAHN,
201 Kearny St.
HENRY KAHN & CO.
(The Ocularlnxn) ,.
643 Market St.
HOGUE OPTICAL CO.,
an Post st.
HXKSCK & KAISER,
7 Kearny St.
STANUABD OPTICAL CO.,
217 Kearny St.
BEBTELING OPTICAL CO.,
IS Kearny St.
AD VEB.TTS EXTENTS.
A Characteristic Study by a Unique Californian.
S^ i 6 with portraits in
II D €? ¦ O I y colors of young
¦ 7 women typical
iSl^nc^|-r^^i*l"oH of all parts of
giiUSLPciLeU the state.
THIS IS ONLY ONE OF AN AMAZING
ARRAY OF FASCINATING FEATURES IN
GOOD HOUSEKEEPING
for OGTOBER
That uill b« found helpful, practical and inspiring for every Californlan
horr.<?.
Only TEN CENTS at All News Stands or by Mail,
The Tear 02 Numbers) by Llail for One Dollar.
ADDRESS ALL ORDERS TO
THE PHELPS PUBLISHING COMPANY
Publishers of GOOD HOUSEKEEPING.
59 Columbian Building, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Offices alw at Chicago. New York, 8prlngfield, Mass., Toronto. London,
Melbourne. • ¦.
Arents wasted. A rare opportunity for men, women and youne people
all over the coast and mountain States.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
THE WONDROUS CURES V H A V
by the Jk „« fLJr Ivl
ELECTRO— CHEMIC A"J\ /I I
A special Associated Press dispatch F • — ' ~"
from New York, dated September 23, v^V '
tells of the cure of Epilepsy by the S^^ sgR ")
X-Ray. The patient was Miss Elsie ¥ \\ TbJL~*
VVinkler, age 16, living at 208 East -*S^ c\^^"
One Hundred and Sixth street, New A 7 "* K/ 'wt^*/,^ X*\
cure is Dr. J. H. Branth of the Post 1C^^>*-^^^
Graduate Hospital. Thus once again $ ft^^Ss^s^"*/ (
the X-Ray must be credited with the 1 __ \ I
ctire of a disease which is absolutely -5?».,.jfli iB ¦"*^yi¥§!\ <^ ¦/jJj'J I '
incurable under any other known ,^p3 /£&§in&S / /
treatment. In a few days the phy>i- WL ** j8&&S&£m/jK&E\ / —
cians of the Elcctro-Chemic Insitute, fflf ' * .~~
118 Grant avenue',* San Francisco, will a
report in this paper the cure of a f "
bleeding tumor of the bladder in 3 j^^^^ffHWawH^I^^Jg fT~\ (
patient that had made arrangements n^^^^jffi^fl''' I
to undergo a surgical treatment
which was abandoned because there ?-^"^^>^^r* :^3E»!* t^S3*SC3f 1' XI
was little hope of success on account of the patient's weakened condition.
NO DANGER
There is absolutely no danger in the use of the Electro-Chemic X-Ray
treatment. If accidents occur in the use of the X-Ray, it is because of
faulty or cheap apparatus, or because the operator is careless or unskilled.
In the thousands of cases which have been treated in the offices of the
Electro-Chemic Institute there has not been a single case in which any un-
favorable result has been noted.
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC X-RAY
Will cure Cancer, Lupus, Eczema and Consumption when there is no hope
from any other known treatment. Electro-Chemistry cures Deafness, Ring-
ing Head and Car Noises, Rheumatism, Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxia, Piles
and all diseases of the Skin and Blood, and diseases of the Stomach, Liver,
Kidneys and Bowels. It cures Special Diseases of Men and Women with-
out surgery. There are no long-drawn-out medical courses, with strong
and poisonous drugs to wear out the stomach.
PDPP Consultation and j Th©
r^tvLjJLA X-Ray Examination 1- 1 ¦ ai ¦ ¦ it. .
All should take advantage of this tlGGirO-Ull6IlllC 1081111116,
free offer at once. In -many cases it _ rrant avp
is dangerous to delay. If you live at 1 1 R -r«r p««# «? San Francisco
a distance try to come for the exam- " *-". oor * ™ sl * t#
ination, even if you only have a day Office hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
to spend in San Francisco. If you and 7 to 8 p. m. daily. Sundays — 10
cannot come, write for instructions a. m..to 1 p. m. Separate apartments
regarding home treatment. for ladies and gentlemen.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. \ JOB ROSENBERG'S. \ JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOE BOSENBERQ'S.
\-'-'jtjQ$!&r W j^ t - - -^zP* «• jj ut we nave a higher ambition. W*
• I • j V. wnnr tr» rhl-^fl rif*f*n into our business
>^G^^g^T 7 V^ A millman who was financially embarrassed, to raise money was forced these nv 0 words: our word is our
>^ 1^ / \ to sell his surplus stock of Ribbons at a loss. It was a lucky purchase for us, B Sy 1 tnat *e mean exactly what w«
if** ~~S • Y and you will consider it as such when you see at what a low price we are going wrd^oVan^wnFyoiTSuS^t^nrS
r^^^^^m[ \ I (ti\ A P^ces of All-Silk Taffeta, satin-corded edge, satin-dotted effect. In Pink, Blue, lEKrrlavo^V^ou "iuT^iifX
j^^M^^^^^. B^FU'U Cream, Maize. Cardinal, Pongee, National, also Black and White, width No. 100, about u
jJ1§/ five Inches wide, sash ribbon width. The regular 30c and 40c quality, as long as |^p /^£\ Cushion Cords and
j^^[^g^^^^^^7^ the quantity lasts, only ..*¦ WOl* Ofu] Tassels at Low
t^^^^^^^^^^^ Do You' Need Ladies' Night To Those Who Arc Getting You Can Depend on What You X A 1 Made of silk finish yam
Here ,. one t^/hL mark , d Iow ThCir Fa " D ™SSCS. °S M^J XT'c^i' Si
j^^mWmBm to n tZ ;^? s Vp\Jo%^ y liT6T^r^ if Your Dress Don't Fit Do Not Back. l&.l*' dI «; n^ co^ blnatlon9 At
cambric, empir* style, square neck, neat- Dl nmo Yn,,n n» a *e m nt- a » nn __— — —^ VELVET RIB- the Price Cutter s _.,e
IV trimmed with torchon lace beading Blame JOUr UreSStnaKer Or Jrr-^1 H* BON, tho good , , ?. ,.^. , _ ¦ \ -I
K%^^^feSt^V -<> *"'"• o O K T O M^J J^ -in back, Latfte f' HeFS £ Something to
Tfii3ffiffiaSI\i sleeves are finished with a ruffle of (OO O^~> vm-BrnRqFTS 4 * y *V— **t &&>* ¦ iu Improve YoUrForm.
I#^^»W onfif V& ar e e qu« T ck° Ea'ch** ™h No. 7. now !T...l£c a yard JESS I^the new hfp in
JgTjp^ *' T!T W\'^K__. one ir you are quicK. i.acn gl.OU v SPITS are exactly Width No. 9. now liOc a yard two separate parts attached: mad* of
* r -* -' lfiP"~— , ¦ u mm ' tne same as custom-made corsets. They Width No. 12, now i!3c a yard near silk and filled with sterilized hair;
1 here IS Nothing Neater Or More are equal in quality, in fit and certainly has a patent cut. so as to give the wear-
Talk Alone Will Not Sell Mer- D Than a Nlce m/te l n er s y t5 h l f gh % r m c a e d s e S5S e ?££ You Had Better Hurry Up Before " natural ' ul1 h *»- «« 5Oc
chandfse. Skirt a ?d%^ y mp n^ mfc the Assortment Is Broken jfSL^~ st , "Crown"
_ We pivp you something to ' A . . . by hand. There's a special I*a Vlda tSjTWB Kayser's WOVEN FINGER- ,7_2S8§vXS Is the r - am ° oi th? b-3t
c*-\-£> back up our talk. It If the <??• . a low nrw m-,L Corset for every distinctive build of fig- K( W TIPPED GLOVES— Made of S^ST^V^i *kirt braid, made of
Jajf NEW STRAIGHT FRONT _J£h I \ of Lonsdae cambric ure - and thus u ls Ponsible for us to fi&3 jS| suede lisle; two patent clasps; MkiL Jjjs steam-shrunk yarn, with
A~^?>. GARTER or ABDOMINAL JC&IL- " <f * \ trimmed with an IS- suarantre an absolutely proper fit to all BOB Si stitched bark; in Rray. mode, YwE^ an extra heavy brush on
N c f REDUCER, made of ,i shaped &>#*£>¦ '¦**«?€&* inch flounce of Vic customers. La Vidas are maile of im- gig • r2 t*n: also black and white; Kjj.^ffrV th- bottom: all color?, ln-
|J pad. near silk covered, with ¦iWk'S^zJt'SND toria. lawn and trim- Ported materials; filled with pure *W more than an even exchange '***==** eluding black. Price. .5c
11; belt attached; four straps l^BE&\^lsi>| m^d with two rows whalebone. Prices. .§3.50 and S3. 00 v for your money at 25c
St S. fi «!ft»rP^ o M r ,n« lnd,an Beaded Work Is in Great
black. Our low prices make us r nHlshed I with deep /»/->/ S ° me M ° re G °° d Offerings. Demand
busy -«*<-' a P alr lace to match. They fit and hang. Were f U// // ( JA LADIES' VESTS-High neck and long Whv not make , ome yourself with the
An on *;»n Mnih.,, made especially for us. 8peclal..gl.l5 VfoWVS 1W ?8: made of silk-finished lisle; per- A ZX%™1 M^-o^ slmpl that a
Attention, Mothers. ' M , „ y//Wt^ y^ KJ% feet m every detail. The kind that you ct Tnd can manipulate them i within the
Here are some children's good Hose. More Good Offerings From Our V *"' more than .appreciate /or Jhla reach of everjbody. Price 25e
tSSSlSSSL fuiT d fi e n?sV a d 8 oubKeeit Leather Goods Department. THE GENUIXE KIND. 7 t V ' ~~ ; Oc Rummaae Sale
toes and knees, jersey ribbed, medium LADIES 1 COMBINATION POCKET- Mo Fancy Prices at the Money-Saving Store UO YOU Appreciate a UOOd t AniFQ. TsirrKwrATi
weight. You never did or will buy -nnOK and PI'RSE mari» of alligator it f • i i n . S5&. i^auii^o s*ru\. j\*v^.ak.
rr$$v the bOOCf belling w i th f rin j, d elastic and button clasps. At > our monev here for o ..c jg£^>, taffeta and peau de sole;
Cf^>/ L/ lnf J The best Judges Of Linen the truthful advertiser's SI. 50 u/l ki ± u n i ± j W^S5L *\ ln P lnk > blue « rtd ' whlte
-Wls^^f) Kmd - _ \eree that Irish linen io Not Have Comfort and r 5* ' and black; some slightly
liSSK^r^'L 27 to SB inches lone, in th/he«t Anri W a™ I l\ HIFQ' Ffl I IIPHI QF \MI\ IQTQ U ILO soiled; 50c. 75c and J1.00
t^&ifc&XK Tuxedo, crisscrcss com- f!f& |J« T handkerchief^ „. LAUIt^ tl^ VI r*UIS L WAlb I 5 Health? quality. Rummage sale price 25c
H^^^ S^fn^hinni^'dn'SlS SSL recT from "at (THE GENUINE K!\D) NEW CIRCULAR n D u , .. c
i B^^ntj and 'Jiafr ? Mostly all They combine three garments in one- <&& SHAWL-Made of all- Our PriCeS Make it ExpenSlYB
r'\ )V b"ack Price. . V&U II l\ r-Sf^S^ HANDKER- the Corset, Waist and Corset Cover. Our woo i Shetland flos? A, »;„ i, O, ll# r/ MUf Liia
4fk._i-i.' * J *> oiacK. ............ W^mi CHIEFS, made of extra prl ce . *•»•».*; \tk nand crochet in shell TOriOU TO DUV tISeWhere.
1OC and 15C j£/-f/-Tk heavy linen. different , " ••*——» P^tern; full M inches ELASTIC BELTS, made of extra
9 Cents. «Sf> f§^ «S«j. *« Here To-Morrow m Our Heck- J^g frS5A ta ff;^ »/i;^,«S ffiffl? 2V
hroSL E a ',i&d 25 bo n rS^d. 1<> p"Si» e ™; LADIES' HA^DKERChVeFS.'S MOr Department. S»^ vr c'-SS ¦"»->-s.vln SS .or e S5C
! dotted. Now J)c apiece of medium weight linen, narrow hem- r. j ._^.... wl aju^,, 1 COLLAR and TAB "v-J^iiX not buy the floss for this _ - _ ,
i Sale O'X-arrell-Street Entrance. stitch, full size. 7.">e a dozen, or T®T made on taffeta silk. P^ce 81.35 «n; HriCeS Away UOWn, OUt
a P lece OC »J with colored silk em- 3%_ <F5 Nn* 9/i in Httnliixt
Here's for Hos/ery ot the Very Ho Woman Who Is Seekma Full ' S'S, E"^i^ A Tree Is Known by Its Fruit, m Ug» Jdie!? '"i"i - Lh
Good Kind. KflW^SK^ "" "" '"- Store by Its Values. |W &*?!£»?%£.<£
SSffi^iiSTttrfSTtaffiU SS?' "»'"• vESTf-MaTjcf s ,oam Ings m Ladtes Beaded ££8fffiSfiSBSS!£aSPah* '^ sJ prl5e 15c
double heel and toe, run tengtn. rsow.. 6hrunk Austra i lan WO ol; Jersey knit; U..L PLnme twelve-inch flounce and four rows „ ...... n „ ., v y.
1-ttC a pair h , gh npck and , ong 8leeves; croch et neCK LnamS, tailor-stitched bands; also dust ruffle. YOU Will Pull UO Your TrOUSerS
I m .i neck band., with silk ribbon run But none to equal these for value or Liberal -in length and width. Direct -. .S, o .
1 S2S«\ Another. through; slightly imperfect, but not no- style. Made of three twisted strands of from our own machines, hence the low TO OflOW I hese OOCnS.
t .me-- T, Aor > r j- „» ticoabl«- with thf nak^d eye; in blue beads. 5 s * Inches loi-.t?; in blue with white prict) 77ie "VT^r 1 *. r>f rt.--ntiin rnttnn HmiMi> he«»l«
?SSi F ; A nc n h IEB cott?n OS^t lMd bl.rk °^ Jl.no ..ua.ity; our prW and black or 1? not Jlld th ,K feSe^;
TO open-ribbed, with colored silk- o0c low price *uC Q^ kind: fast colors ln tan and black. At
llw embroidered front. An odd lot Bale OTarrell-Street Entrance. taptt xtvaq the money-saving store 10c
AWSf we are closing out at Once O Customer, AlWOVSa .. ,. .. «... -, ¦ - "* tTRE-Made on **-.,-. . r •« «-«
ffil odd low prlce — "••• •••" 15c Customer— That's Our Aim f"\ Noihin 9 More Stylish iTl.."..'.'j... ./.'» «™n«f. Xa^ $1.75 Instead of S2.50.
Miy n n i customer i nax s uur aim. a f ' biecioth; eo inches ri-nners or bt-reat* scarf?. y>
IST £. LentS. 1f) r InstpnH nt 9^r V^Jil than a long; numbers on both sides. Why not inches wide and 54 inches long: some
EMBROIDERY, made on heavy cam- • # l " i < t ' uu Ul *^«K A 4 u A / n , .,.„,. measure all the poods you buy and gee th ii nen center and trimmed with 9-
bric. open pattern, with button-hole An overstocked Job- W Bead Neck Chain. If J'dl get 36 inches for the yard? Our inch wide hand-made Battenbergr lace:
stitched edge. For Monday and Tues- -,.3. ,-, DT, r^5. o!d us , sOm $Z. LA- I price le others with all-over hajid-made lace. For
day selling 2c a yard /Krf^TN I,, I - 1 ?, £ L I , C { V 1 ' 1 - C ' KNT^ / . of clear white pearl . true values inspect these for #1.75
LWf&SSmt&h PL RSES for 2.i cents on \ / beads, 54 inches long, patent Oririt nnrl Fnr/v
II i n , u/ y^^^^«. th'Mlollar. Mad«ofsuode \ / line to attach your watch or vuu*- uitu *.//l/o>
Up-tO-Uate Women Wz^?®¥m a'U^tor and levant kid. \ / other useful article to. At Joe IN TABLE CENTERS OR LACE f^\ Why ray High and tanCV
Are wearing shirt waist sets. ll*r» aro K^a|^^^T leather lined pockft- VX Rosenbergs for ,">Oe SQUARES, made in Irish point rmbroid- # j n m ...
Fome made of German silver in Grecian- Nfegfgjy^gy bonk, inside jmtent steel ery. Mexican drawn work, also applique ,7 rriCeS
head designs, ln black or silver. A pet frame; the kind you , if Ynu We>nn Tinhtv Here* Iv nn lace; 32 by 32 Inches; 73c and $1.25 qual- \\ ,// When you can buy the real Ital-
of three for 15c _ f T , vn ,, „ cannot lose money out If IOU. near ugniS, nere IS an ny marked to close out 5Oc 1/ ian Hairpins at these low prices;
„ rssr .m , , it wl" pay you"?© lavThem asVd^foT" Item Worth Reading. CUSHION COVERS, made of art den- j Scinches long, m the straight
Totally Different in Make and &?fflB^Wjffi » SSiSSkoS Made cf steam shrunk yarn 7 Jersey "SXf • ' nfg'hly^lsheS 1^ SfSt pSli
P rice knit, Miue fittingr tops and ankle length; E1 S n - me quamy no* luc t hi hair. Three pins for 10c
mAND you will A Tale of Low Prices of Ladies NEMO Self-Rcduclnj Corsets make Wo rnnc . n ,. VD . .
ray so when you o./t ia, o * o \ stores price O5c stout women thin. We Lonsicfer Uurselves Lucky.
SEE THEM O//n TESTS. _ »^^^— ,.^___^^^^_™__^_^™— — j v lit 1/ U/L V O
JOF ROSFNRFRfi THE pmce-cutter ""ne^at'nisLol^ce! 8
deep flounce and trim- washable silk braid running through it; \r \J ILm Ii\/VL.Ib1^LI«v DRESS SHIELDS, nainsook covered
med in torchon lace; colors, pink and blue; real worth $1.25. «%«^» mm • . «.- . . . ¦¦ « A «. «-rid filled with a vegetable substance,
fitted yoke band; in but a limited quantity will be sold for.. Ol6 (Market Street. II 0 raiTell Street. which is washable and odorless; large
blue, pink and gray. Our price.... 45c 75c MAILORDERS SOLICITED. size. Price,, per pair 8cBecker, the notoriously clever forger, who has won world-wide ill-fame by his' dishonest ex
ploits and has paid for them in years of convict life, will be a free man again to-morrow. It is to
be hoped that-his seven years of imprisonment may teach him the danger of dishonesty if-not the
.virtue of honesty. -
Saw Tuolumne River Water Sheds.
Commissioner of Works Casey, City En
gineer Grunsky and D. Fitzgerald, attor
ney for the city In the suit of the Spring
Valley Water Company against the city
to set aside the water rates, returned yes
terday from a visit of inspection to the
water sheds of the Tuolumne River. A
thorough inspection was made of the res
ervoir rights of way, application for
which was filed on behalf of the city with
the Department of the Interior.
Oakland has reached a critical stage in her existence. Her outgoing Grand Jury has made the
revolutionary suggestion that officials of the municipality must earn their salaries. It is to be hoped
for the sake of her peace and the permanency of her institutions that Oakland will not have the fool
hardy temerity to act upon the recommendation.
San* Francisco has a new Grand Jury. The fact is chronicled to prevent it from oblivion. Local
Grand Juries prove their existence only by the announcement that they have passed away. We are
generally made aware that such an institution is a municipal machine only when we are informed
that its term of office has expired or commenced.
The first dancing party of the season
by the Eschscholtzias, the select dancing
club of the Mission district, was given
in Mission Opera Hall on the evening of
last Thursday. There were seventy-five
couples In the grand march. It would
have been larger, but a number who had
been Invited neglected to comply with
the strict, rule of the club, that of ap
pearing in full evening dress, and they
were denied admission. Henry Dowden
was the floor manager and Arthur Terrlll
his assistant. ¦ .?-
The Eschscholtzias.
An American lawyer has been complimented by Lord Alverstone for the cleverness of his ar
gument in the Alaskan boundary discussion. This is perhaps the most significantly ominous sugges
tion that we are to lose in these arbitration proceedings. When a lawyer blackguards his opponent or
a Judge compliments an attorney, look out for the cause represented by him who is abused or praised.
The reform Mayor of the little Illinois town of Mattoon has been indicted upon twenty-nine
counts charging malfeasance and misfeasance in office. Let the reform Mayor take solace. It is* prob
able that every one of the twenty-nine counts simply represents a different view point in the glorious
crusade of reform. The Mayor must chide himself, however, for permitting the existence of an
unsympathetic Grand Jury. <-;
A Chinese reformer has come to town. He«has 6een heralded by the blare of occidental trum
pets and the clang of oriental tom-toms. He may find an interval between his busy hours' to suggest
some means by which we may make his resident countrymen more clean, less criminal, more obedtent
to our laws of sanitation and humanity and less murderous to themselves. Our visitor will find a
wider field for usefulness in Little China than he did in the land from which he fled.
ELECTRICITY is constantly
growing In importance as a
factor in our industrial life.
Its applications are manifold
and every day brings some
new do-vice to meet some need.
The newest field which It has entered is
that of agriculture, and there its work
heretofore has been to an extent limited
in character and coniined to the larger
farms.
Besides the electrification of seeds to
accelerate germination, which has now
been practiced for some years, and the
protection cf the soil from insects and
worms, it has boon used, as stated above,
on larg-er farms that could afford to in
stall a. plant as the power to perform the
real h<>avy work. Electric plows have
been found to do their work better than
draft animals harnessed to the old time
share. In harvesting, too. It has been
found that work can be lightened and re
sults Improved by the judicious use of
electrically-driven apparatus. Threshing
machines, winnowing machines, saws,
pumps, etc., have been driven by electric
motors with great efficiency and econ
omy. By use of electricity the wine
grower finds that he ca.n age his wine,
the olive grower purify his oil and the
turf cutter carbonize his peat.
To bring about the more general use of
electricity in thin field and show how a
plant can be ins-tailed at small cost, says
the Scientific American, three German
firms, the Union, the Helios and Schue
kert & Co., have installed model farms, on
'which nearly ail if not nil of the work
is done by means of -electricity and meet
the case of the small farmers.
In order to cut/down expenses central
stations have been built which distribute
I he current for many miles at a very rea
sonable rate. Transformers are, of course,
necessary. For electric plows, threshing
machines and for movable agricultural
implements in general, the Helios Com
pany has designed a special portable
transformer for the purpose of stepping
down the high-teiTsion current before it is
sent to the motors. The game comjany
has recently Installed two model electric
farms, one at Quednau and the other
at Simmern.
The Quednau farm is superintended by
Professor Backhaus of the Agricultural
Institute of the I'nlverslty of Koenigs
berg. The farm is situated near Koenlgs
berg and covers about l&l hectares (447
acres). The enterprise not being very ex
tensive, a dairy is operated in conjunction
with It, the output being 10,00." liters (2200
gallons) of milk per day. The central
station comprises two divisions— the one a
generating plant, the other an electric
lighting plant. The power house is equip
ped with an er.sine of 50 hcrse power.
PLANS PRACTICAL TEST
OF SCIENTIFIC THEORY
Fish Commission Will Ascertain if
Steelhead and Rainbow Trout
Are Same.
The scientific theory that the steelhead
trout of Bait water is the rainbow trout
of the mountain streams is to be given a
practical test by ' Chief Deputy Charles
Vogelsang cf the Fish Commission. With
this end In view he has sent 10,000 steel
head fry to the Slsson hatchery, where
the fish will be allowed to grow to ma
turity in a separate and specially con
structed pond.
Most of the leading piscatorial scientists
hold that a difference !n environment
rauses some fry to become rainbow trout
and others steelheads. The game laws
vary In respect to the taking cf rainbow
and steclhead trout and if the test sub
stantiates the theory the statutes will
have to be altered.
G. T. Thompson was found guilty of
violating the duck law yesterday by a
Jury at Los Banos. Judge Cochran post
poned sentence. John Lattimore, who
was arrested for having small bass in his
possession last May, was fined S25 by
Judge Fritz yesterday.
Children's Bazar.
A bazaar was held Friday and yester
day afternoon and evening at the corner
of Lyon street and Golden Gate avenue
by a. number of children In aid of the
Pacific Hospital. The little ones did a
good business and succeeded In securing
quite a sum of money for the object
named.
Towneend'g California fflace fruits and
candles, 60c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Pzfess Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
We feel authorized to say, in behalf of Providence, that if Sam Lewis contributes no more
to morality and kindness than a dead cat to music, then Samuel is in trouble. The cold fact is that
Providence never put a fiddle string inside of a cat. The alimentary canal of the lowly sheep is the
substance from which riddle strings are made, and -art never attempted to make them out of the
bowels of a cat. Stradivarius owes his fame as a fiddle maker, and the great fiddlers their reputation
in music, to those two domestic animals, useful in agriculture, the sheep and the horse. It is bv draw
ing the hair of a horse over the bowels of a sheep that those harmonies are produced which have led
the Examiner to praise Providence for the anatomy of the cat.
THE Examiner has condescended to flatter Divine Providence and admits that it enables the
making of beautiful things out of strange material. As the Examiner is in the habit of mak
ing strange things out of no material at all, its evidence may be taken as that of an expert.
It Jails into dreamless contemplation of the midnight cat, full of strange noises and without
harmony in any key, running up and down the gamut of ddiance, delivered from the back fence,
and even wooing in terms that seem to be feline blasphemy and rasping as a tune played by file on
saw. And yet the Examiner sagely observes that when Divine Providence ordained the cat into ex
istence it provided for the musical violin and made possible Ole Bull, Camillo Urso, Dr. Shradv
Richardson and the other virtuosi who have resined the bow, and also enabled Mayor Schmitz to
fiddle himself into fame and office.
"Yes," says the Examiner, "you hear a cat mournfully howling on the fence, the least musical
of all created things. Part of the interior of that cat is necessary that the great violinist may pro
duce his beautiful music." Therefore mysterious are the ways of Providence, and wise. Then this
subtle flatterer of divinity digs up a usurer,- Sam Lewis, who was covetous and bad and "morally
ranked about as the backyard cat ranks musically." Yet, observes that condescending newspaper in
a patronizing tone toward Providence, "but as the cat contributes to music after death, so Sam Lewis
contributes to morality and kindness now that his body is underground/'
FIDDH^STIOKS AND FIDDLESTRINGS.
Under the will . of the late William
Pearca, son of Charles Dickens' father's
landlord, the birthplace of the novelist is
to be put up at public auction. A com
mittee of the Portsmouth Town Council
has recommended that the corporation
* • •
A new annual, to be published under
the title "The "Venture," will make Its ap
pearance in November, with contribu
tions by Thomas Hardy, Mrs. Maynell, A.
E. Housman, Gilbert Chesterton, Stephen
Phillips and others. The literary editors
are W. Somerset Maugham and Laurence
Housman.
• • •
Dr. Furnlvall's long-cherished wish, to
have Shakespeare published In the old
spelling, is about to be realized. An edi
tion he has prepared for the new Shakes
peare Society is shortly to be Issued by
Mcrning. The plays will be published In
historical order.
Longmans have In press a volume of
studies by Andrew Lang. The book Is con
cerned with various historical mysteries.
Several of the studies, including "The
Mystery of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey,"
"False Pucelle," "Amy Robsart" and
"James de la Cloche," will be published
for the first time.
• • •
and unexpurgated editions.
These editions, which will be limited to
fewer than 400 copies, ¦will be reproduced
In the most perfect style of typography
and will contain photogravure plates and
Introductions. The series will be entitled
"Pickering Club Classics." The first pub
lication of the series will be an unabridged
reprint of everything that Henry Fielding
wrote— not only his novels, but also his
plays, poems and miscellanies, including
his legal writings. It Includes also the
last essay that the late W. E. Henley
wrote, a long, and careful appreciation of
Fielding.
LONDON, Sept. 26.-One late an
nouncement of interest Is that
Heinemann will publish a se
ries of reprints of several
English classics in complete
Music In France, as Mr. Hervey points
out. really means music In Paris, for al
though the great towns of the depart
ments have of late shown signs of an In
creasing Interest In the art, yet the capi
tal has been, and is still, the musical cen
ter of the country.
And music in Paris means chiefly
operatic music. Long-winded oratorios do
not appeal to Frenchmen. The theater is
more to their taste. The opera forms
part of the people's existence, and no
government would ever think of refus
ing to subsidize the two principal theaters
where it Is cultivated. Hence Paris has
been the birthplace of some of the most
famous operas. Many celebrated com
posers of other lands have been attracted
by the splendors of its patronage and
have brought thither the fruits of their
genius. Even Wagner himself began by
attempting the conquest of Paris.
Meanwhile French composers have ad
mirably held their own, and In late years
there has sprung up a school of musicians
admirably equipped for the fray, ready
to do honor to their country.
Arthur Hervey, iry a succinct but
satisfactory little manual has taken a
blrdseye view of the musical movement in
Franc© during the last century, dwelling
chiefly on those composers whose Influ
ence has been most marked, "those who
have brought something: new into their
music and have contributed to the evo
lution of the art."
The death is announced of James Mar
tin, former manager for Blackte & Son.
well known Jn the publishing 1 world; also
of Joseph Skipsey, a miner and a self
taught poet, of whom D. G. Rossettl en
tertained a favorable opinion. Mr. Skip
sey, who was once the custodian of
Shakespeare's birthplace, declared In a.
letter to a friend some time before his
death that he had gradually lost faith in
the so called relics of the dead poet as
the result of long and severe Inquiry.
buy it for the purpose of a museum. Ac
cording to Foster, Dickens remembered
playing in the garden of this house, .but,
as the Academy points out, documentary
evidence show3 that the family left four
and one-half months after he was born.
Professor Alexander McAdie of the
Weather Bureau has come to the aid of
the ladies of the California Club who are
endeavoring to save Telegraph Hill from
destruction with the asserton that the
elevation In question Is of Immense
benefit to the portion of San Francisco ly
ing east of Montgomery street.
He says that the hill not only breaks
the force of the winds from the north
west, but also diverts the fog. He also
declares that a city must have "air drain
age" and that Telegraph Hill is of great
benefit from that standpoint. The pro
fessor thinks that Telegraph Hill should*
be preserved therefore from a sanitary
point of view, If not from an artistic one.
Professor HcAdie Thinks Elevation
Is of Value From a Sanitary
Standpoint.
¦which drives a four-pole dynamo. A
current of 90 amperes at 500 volts is gen
erated. A small two-pole dynamo is em
ployed for electric lighting, the current
generated having an Intensity of 30 am
peres and a pressure of 220 volts, or an in
tensity of IS amperes and a pressure of
220 volts when it is used for charging a
Pollak storage battery of 120 volts.
The electric lighting plant Is so de
signed that the lamp capacity can be
doubled by the utilization of a secondary
dynamo. It ¦will, however, hardly be
necessary to use supplementary lamps.
For cooking and for heating the living
rooms electricity is also used.
Three electric motors drive the agricul
tural machinery- One, having a horse
power of 2 1 ,a, is used to drive a carrot
cuttlng machine. The other, two are
portable, and can be employed as may be
desired for driving milling machinery, a
machine for crushing flaxseed, a pump, a
circular saw, a threshing machine, and
other purposes. On the Quednau farm an
electric plow is also employed.
The Simmern farm differs from that of
Quednau chiefly in the manner of gener
ating the current- Turolne driven dyna
mos are employed, the Simmern River
furnishing all the water power that can
be desired. The turbine used is of the
Beche type, and drives a Helios dynamo
of 11 kilowatts, generating a current at a
pressure cf 113 volts. Since the transmis
sion distances are not great, direct cur
rent is generated. The dyamos are also
employed to charge a Hagen storage bat
tery of C2 elements. In installing this
farm it was sought to do away with man
ual labor as much aa possible. For that
re- Km it became necessary to design mo
tors which should . be small, light and
readily portable. TTae Simmern farm has
two such motors. The first is of 10 horse
power and has a voltage of 110, with a
speed of 3200 revolutions per minute.
When mounted on wheels it usually
drives four small machines, namely, a
carrot-cutting machine having an output
of COO kilogrammes (1518 pounds) an hour;
a machine for crushing flaxseed having
an output of 500 kilogrammes (1100
pounds) an hour; a straw-cutting ma
chine having a capacity of 190 kilo
grammes (418 pounds) an hour, and a
pump. By means of a fast and loose pul
ley, the four machines can be set in
operation at once or can be worked Inde
pendently. The same motor also drives a
threshing machine, having an output of
900 kilogrammes (19S0 pounds) an hour.
The second motor is fastened to a bed
; board and is portable. It has a horse
power of three quarters and drives a cen
trifugal cream separator having a ca
pacity of 430 liters of milk per hour, or a
mechanical winnower placed In the wheat
bin.
SAYS TELEGRAPH HILL
SHOULD BE PRESERVED
TWO ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES IX T.'SE OX A MODEL FARM. SHOW
ING SOME OF THE PHASES OF WORK DONE WITH ELECTRICITT
AS THE MOTIVE POWER.
The laborers who were ordered to strike admitted that tl: ere was no reason for it, and that
they were not informed of the cause of the order which stopped their work and wages. When
Parks was asked why the men were in ignorance of the reason of his strike order, iie answered,
"I shut them fellers' mouths, and if one of them talks he'll never get another day's work while I'm in
New York." This meant that the penalty for questioning his order and authority would be expul
sion from the union and denial of the right to earn a living.
That is an awful power to hold over the destiny of men. It is practically the claim by Parks
of the right to condemn men to death for disobedience of his ordejs. To uphold such a man, con
victed of a felony as he is, and to submit willingly to his autocratic dictation, and to treat as legiti
mate his power to paralyze the industries of the country, are matters of the keenest interest to
everybody. There can be but one end to such a condition and that is the withdrawal of investments,
the check of all industry, the "sequestration of capital, the disuse of labor and the cessation ot
its wages.
The country is receiving an enormous foreign immigration, and the alien laborers it brings
are immediately absorbed into labor unions, and in their ignorance of our country and institutions
they are taught, as their first lesson, that the power of such men as Parks is here supreme. They
are immediately led to deny to American youth the right to acquire a trade and to exclude them
from unions if they learn a handicraft in a technical school, and to kill them if they attempt to earn
a living by following an occupation so acquired. Of all this Mr. Parks is the most prominent repre
sentative and chosen leader. It has been announced by his supporters that even from his cell in the
penite'ntiary to which he is sentenced he will continue his leadership and his power will remain un
broken and his authority supreme.
His victory over Buchanan and the moderates will greatly enhance his importance and in
crease his following. His policy is radical to the extreme. His followers admit that he ordered
strikes without cause,- compelled them to break contracts without scruple, and took enormous bribes
from employers, which went into his own pocket as the price of his permission to resume business.
But they announce that they are not impressed by the moral aspect of such conduct>nor by its effect
upon the industrial condition of the country. They say they want a man of that kind, who can put
employers, investors and contractors under tribute. It will be remembered that a few months ago
the union labor of this city was told, in a half sermon and half harangue in Metropolitan Temple,
this significant thing: "Remember that no man in the United States has a right to invest a dollar
in business except by your consent and on your conditions." ?
To enforce that fateful declaration just such a man as Mr. Parks is necessary. His policy is
the energetic application of that statement. He is the embodiment of the principle it laid down, and
he has the daring and the vigor to enforce it.
Perhaps it may be said that the law should interfere in the protection of the rights of person
and property, which are assailed and smitten destructively by such a use of physical force. This'
raises the question whether the Government, that is to say the law, has a potency equal to the de
fense of such rights against such form of attack.
THE triumph of Mr. Sam Parks, walking delegate of the Housesmiths' and Bridgemen's
/Union, would ordinarily be of no interest to the general "public. But the circumstances invest
it with significance which no genuine American citizen can ignore. He has prevailed in» the
national convention of his union, over President Buchanan and the moderate party, who be
lieve that, to be permanent and useful, labor organizations must remain in line with the interests of
the community, and, above all, must not be arrayed against the moral sense of the people.
In pursuance of that belief President Buchanan suspended the , local union of which Parks is
the head, on the ground that lie had been convicted of a felony, that his union condoned his offense
and insisted on putting him forward as a worthy representative o? union labor. . Even this view of it
would only concern the general public through its interest in the rr.ajesty of the law and the need of
supporting its administration under all circumstances. The real point at which the public is touched
is in the power of Parks, used heretofore and to be used hereafter, to block the industrial operations
of the whole country. This has been done by ordering strikes without reason or cause, in cases in
which the employers had made contracts with the unions ruled by Parks and had kept those con
tracts in letter and spirit.
THE VICTORY OF PARKS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . Address Communications to W.S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ..;.....;..... ...SEPTEMBER 27, 1903
Public-lion Office ; '.... <^9j^£> . ...............Third and Market Streets, S. P.
ELECTRICITY BEGINS
TO DISPLACE DRAFT
ANIMALS ON FARMS
ANDREW LANG WRITES
NEW BOOK OF STUDIES
OF FAMOUS MYSTERIES
AUTHOR WHO HAS IX PRESS A BOOK WHICH CONSISTS OP STUD
IES OF HISTORICAL, MYSTERIES. SEVERAL. OF THE STUDIES
HAVE NOT BEEN PUBLISHED IN OTHER FORM.
30
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
ilViSIMPLFX II ll
fyi JLI The perfect piano player, w Ikil
your home. Ready 3pL/v|
Ill^Jsf a * a moment's notice,
jgr^irr whether impromptu
H dance, musical ,or a quiet hour's If
Jll enjoyment o! the worKs of the great masters. Call pf
Wa at the store. We will convince you that no Knowl- ff§
M edge o! music is necessary. The greatest invention ffl
J|| of the age. It maKes musicians of vs all. i|
gfflCompUte icorej and sheet muic of Prince of Pilien, Chaperon-, «nd The Storks. ftMTRENTON, N. J., Sept 26.— The Cornu
copia Mines Company, capital $5,000,000,
was Incorporated here to-day. The ob
ject of the company is to purchase and
Big Mining Company Incorporates.
GRIDLET. Sept 28.— H. Luther of Live
Oak, the well-known farmer and grain
buyer and manager of th© -Farmers'
Union Warehouse in that place, fell from
the northbound Oregon express last night
as he was about to step off at the Live
Oak Station and was severely Injured:
He was brought to Gridley for medical
attendance. He will recover.
Well-Known Live Oak Fanner Meets
With a Mishap at a Railway
Station.
STEPS FROM A TBAIN
AND SUSTAINS INJURY
Governor A. U. Betts, the provincial
executive officer of Albay, says that this
practically ends all armed resistance in
that portion of the Island, the rest of the
forces of the reconcentrados having been
already dispersed. The hemp Industry, of
which Albay Is th© main center, has been
seriously affected by the insurrection, of
which Ola has been the chief support.
MANILA, Sept 26.— General Ola, leader
of the band of insurrcctos which has been
creating considerable trouble in the pro
vince of Albay, Luzon, has surrendered
to th© American troops with twenty-eight
officers and men of his command. He has
surrendered a few of hjs. guns, but has
promised to turn over all arms belonging
to his band without delay.
General Ola Promises to Turn Over
All the Aims Belonging to
His Band. '
INSURGENT LEADER
SURRENDERS AT ALBAY
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept 26.— Th© alleged
disappearance of S. Kalman, proprietor of
a private bank at Schoenvllle, Pa., pa
tronized by Slavs and Croatians, caused
great i excitement I among the foreigners.
More information charging embezzlement
has 'been entered against Kalman, but
the constables 'have not succeeded in lo
cating him. It is alleged that the total
deposits were about $8000.
Disappears With Funds of Bank.
The main building is 2-5x38 feet with
two wings, the latter being 8x12 feet. One
of the wings will be used for an office
and the other for a storeroom. Th© apex
of the roof and ceiling Is thirty-eight feet
above the floor. - The roof has a pitch of
60 degrees, an ordinary roof having but
45. The stone work is of random rubble;
in other words, granite rocks as found in
a . natural state. The architecture sug
gests a little of the old English church
style and a bit of the Moorish. ' There are
two French windows on each side, one
in each rear corner and one In each of
the .wings. In front of the building are
a number of granite steps leading into
a sort of open court or trellis. The door
Is a double dull Dutch one. The frame
suggests a bit of Gothic. In th© rear Is
an old fashioned fireplace. This will be
the sitting, reading and library room, be
ing partitioned off from the. front part
TOSEMlTE, Sept 26.— Th© L© Conte
Memorial building In tha Tosemlt© Val
ley has been completed and turned over
to the Sierra Club. The work on It was
commenced July 9, Charles Alsup of San
Francisco having the contract In round
numbers tha building has cost about
$6000.
It Is situated near the former sit© of
the Btoneman House and within 200 feet
of th© tents of Camp Curry. It Is back
from the road a little distance, clustered
amid boughs of cedar, oak and pines. A
grove of beautiful azallas is near by and
Immediately above it are the heights of
Glacier Point. Wer« the famous over
hanging rock to fall its debris would drop
almost upon the roof of the building, j It
is a quiet, secluded, romantic spot and In
keeping with the simple life of the late
Professor Joseph Le Conte, who died a
little. aver Xvto years ago at Camp Curry,
and within a short distance of the memo
rial building.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Yosemite Structure for
Le Conte Is Now
Completed.
work all th© mines in Union County, Or.,
near Baker City, known as the Cornu
copia mines. The lncorporators aro
Charles M. King, Raymond M. Lowey and
Richard E. Dwight, all of Jersey City. .
FAMOUS CLIFFS
NEAR MEMORIAL
merchant of San Rafael, was
made yesterday at th© home of Mrs.
Hulda Seller, mother of .Miss Louise, at
230 Clinton park. It was during an infor
mal tea, at which time many of Miss
Seller's young lady friends were present
to greet her upon her return from an
Oriental tour. ¦
The wedding will take place on Wednes
day, October 16, at St. John's Episcopal
Church in San Francisco. Th© Rev. I*
C. Sanf ord will officiate. Miss Julia Gren
lnger will be maid of honor and A. P.
Seller, brother of the bride, will act as
best man.
Miss Louise Seiler wa3 born In Califor
nia. Her father, Paul Seller, is on© of
Ban Francisco's pioneer merchants. She
lo a highly educated young woman and an
accomplished musician. She is very pop
ular on this side of the bay, as well aa
In San Francisco.
Mr. Malone up to a few years ago .was
a resident of Waldron, Ark.
Special Dispatch to Tbo Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept 26.— Th© an
nouncement of th© engagement <j£
Miss 'Louise Seller of San Fran
cisco to Ted Malone, a prominent
Miss Seiler Returns From
Orient and Is Now
Engaged.
SOCIETY FAVORITES WHOSE
ENGAGEMENT HAS BEEN
ANNOUNCED TO FRIENDS.
Anne Pooley, who claims to have an
interest in the Hotel Bertling, at 738 Bush
street, brought suit - yesterday against
Rose McConnon, her partner, for an ac
counting, claiming that she Is not receiv
ing her just dues. The suit is caused by
a mortgage on the hotel, which the plain
tiff . placed with O. W. Becker with ¦ the
understanding that Mrs. McConnon was
to lift It
Anne Pooley Sues Her Partner.
Hans Smith, a flsherrnVn, was Instructed
and arraigned before Police Judge Mogan
yesterday on a charge of " assault with
a deadly -weapon and the case was con
tinued till Tuesday. Smith was in a sa
loon at 618 Pacific street on Friday night
and quarreled with Dollie "Woods, a wait
ress. In his anger he seized an oyster
knife and slashed Dollie on the left shoul
der. He was arrested by Policeman, Skain
and Dollie was sent to the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital.
Attacks Waitress With Knife.
Th» expert trade cf Canadian farm pro
ducts is Increasing at a very rapid rate.
Slaps a Pretty Girl's Face.
Lena Mazzini, a pretty girl living at
1028 Montgomery street, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Mogan yester
day for the arrest of "John Doe" on a
charge of battery. Che said that she and
a girl friend were walking near her resi
dence on Friday night and she was laugh-
Ing at something her friend had Bald/
when a young 1 man who ¦ lives in the
neighborhood but wlttfse name she did
not know came up to her and slapped
her face, saying, "I'll teach you to laugh
at me." '
REDDING. Sept. 26.— The northbound
through freight train, No. 221. was
wrecked this morning at 9:30 o'clock be
tween Laird and Hornbrook. Brakemnn
I^etts was Injured Internally and a boy
named Willie Frssier had his left foot
crushed so badly that it was amputated
et Hornbrook an hour later.
The freight train contained several long
olltar.k cars, the kind that have been
causing all sorts of trouble up the can
yon this summer. As the train waa speed
ing along at a lively dip one of the oil
cars Jumped the track. Seven other cars,
two cf which were loaded oiltank cars,
piled up In a chaotic mass, tearing up the
track for a distance of fifty or seventy
flve feet. :¦¦¦¦' .---
The Dunsmulr wrecking train and crew
were all day at the scene.
Special -Dlsp&tch to Th« Call.
UKIAH, Sept 26.— When • Miss Effle
Case and Miss Wagoner, members of the
Epworth League, which gave an enter
tainment at the Methodist Church South
last evening, entered the edifice this
morning they found It on fire. A small
portion of the league headquarters had
been destroyed. The pastor, the Rev. Dr.
Wagoner, was summoned, and, with the
assistance of the young ladies, he suc
ceeded In preventing further spread of
the flames.
TI1I3 afternoon Don Dillham, Harman
Bigg9 and Will Hope confessed to having
started the fire. Their ages range from
15 to 19 years. They stated that they had
entered the church before the guests had
arrived and • had taken two cakes and
some Icecream. After the guests had left
the boys again entered the church" by a
side window, carrying ] lighted candles.
In going past a bookcase one of them
struck against it and a roll of cotton, be
longing to the Quilting Society, fell and
caught fire from the candle. The boys
stamped it out and proceeded to appro
priate the remainder of the Icecream and
cake. The cotton, however, was rolled up
and was burning Inside. From this the
floor caught fire and was gaining good
headway when discovered.
Epecla^ Dispatch to The Call.
Wreck Near Hornbrook
Causes Injury to
Man and Boy.
Edifice Nearly Destroyed
by Mischievous Lads
of Ukiah.
SPEEDING CARS
MEET DISASTER
THIEVING BOYS
IMPERIL CHURCH
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 26.— Coroner Trot
was notified to-day that Solomon Traut
wein, foreman of Walker's bakery, who
was shot by an unknown man September
17, died during the nfeht at the Los An
geles Hospital. The remains were re
moved to Trautwein's home before notifi
cation of his death was given. An au
topsy" has been ordered.
Trautwein died from the effects of two
bullet wounds and the Identity of his as
sailant has remained in mystery. Several
weeks before the affray which resulted in
bis death there was a free, nght at the
bakery growing out of trouble among, the
employes. At the time of the shooting
Trautwein made a statement accusing
Edward Wilhelm, another baker, of the
crime, but he later modified his accusa
tion and Wilhelm was finally released for
lack of evidence. There Is no clew to
the man's murderer." „ :- .• .v
Los Angeles Baker Who Was Shot
by an Unknown Assassin
Dies.
DEATH SETS A SEAL
UPON" TH M MYSTERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 1903.
WEDDING
TO CROWN
HER TOUR
31
1 In assorted mixtures up to |
1 date to the minute -$30.00 I
I quality ...\... &18.5O 1
I Extra Coat Values}
§ Black Peau de Soie Silk Coats, |
| capes trimmed with lace- -Cas- J
I tor Kersey Box Coat, satin I
1 lining, velvet collar, either one §
I worth $15.00, special at $tO I
| I ...SEE OUR WINBOWSZ~\ |
» J^P^ Wholesale Manufacturers 'g !
;| 1142-1146 MARKET ST. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£..;-¦ : us- : : —
v- .: ; ' . ". . " . >.-'-¦ J~
i • . . .. i.^. ..... t /
§ Unique collection of the latest Parisian
Novelties.comprising Dresdehs, Pomp-
adours, Evening Brocades, etc. New
Persian. Velvets for trimming. Chiffon
Velvets in new shades for evening and
Lttlllllt/ HI CooCo. . . -.'
Dresdee Plandls of Ltuunraiiniotiis
LoMflSflime
In a varied assortment of color w^^.OO *
combinations; a very attractive line, *flbJT d
21 inches wide. Special value. .. V^ y
Qine Metal: LoMisflnie Taffeta
A seasonable novelty in dotted and neat ef-
fects for shirt-waist suits. ,
$!.2§ and Si. 50 yd
Natte Silk ; :
; A new weave in all the. latest colors, • I 1 .
i 20 inches wide Sr ¦
I ,- ' t~= — ! — - — ; •
j j '¦ 1
Fleurs de Veloiirs 0 1 50
I Mousseline finish, all colors for street Jk | rf
and evening wear, 22 inches wide. . *r B
Dress Qoods Departmemit
Checked Zibelines, 38 inches wide 50c
Fancy Mixed Zibelines, 45 inches wide „. ,75c
Zibeline pourette, 50 inches wide ,. $1.00
Mohair Nub Zibelines, 44 inches wide $1.25
Zibeline Natte, 56 inches wide $1.50
Scotch Plaids, 44 inches wide $1.00
In addition a complete stock of High-Class, Ex-
clusive Cress Patterns in the latest weaves from
Liming Dept. Special . C O p ,
Samson Guaranteed Lining Silk y U U
Women's Dresses Made to.Order
Top Floor -
' -' ' *- *
/ Cob. Post & Kearhy Sts..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAKJVIEN FREE. ;
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
All. .
- How any man may quickly cur« himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele. etc.. and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vicor
Simply • »«nd your name and address to Dr!
Knapp Medical Co.. 1516 Hull bull41n«. Detroit.
Mich., and they will gladly Bend- free receipt 5
with full directions bo that any man may eaalfy
cure himself at home. This is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extract*
taken from their dally mall show what me&'
think of their generosity:
•¦Dear 81r«— Please accept my sincere thanks
; for yours of recent date. I have riven your
treatment a thorough teat' and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sirs— Your method worked beautifully •
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned • and en-
largement >b entirely satisfactory. "-»-." r-j
••Dear Sirs — Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as direct-
ed and can truthfully say it Is a booa to weak
men. I am greatly improved in size, strength
and vigor." i
; All 5 correspondence is strictly confidential
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. . The receipt
Is • free for < the asking and they want every
saan to nave it.
* ADVEKTISEMENTS. U
' Wk d^\ /W —^— B No woman's happl.
is her nature to love
§B&J£3 BBS ' E% j£L and want them ,
beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must '
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger, r
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful*
or dangerou*. The use of Mother** Friend so prepares the system for '¦
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful .
of " women through <eggHg> — ¦ ¦ '¦
the trying crisi6~\vithout suffering. jct : win .^'¦i/'iii " mi Ft!'
Send for fr*e booi coni&snlng information K25I ,ffS*ft1 fiKJsJ
ef priceless value to all cxj^ciint mothers. £jjf fejj Kg S&J& Kg igl j$U$a
Tbe Bratlfieid Rcyulator Co., Atlanta, Ua.
_____^_ * ADVERTISEMENTS,
li^isliiii&liilt! ifis\ Mz$L Any one can furnish a home beautifully here for a litte money. Our easy payment system Is such that you need
IjlllllllJjIl «JI*ft\ /«HS* not tax your income. The reliability of the goods, liberal terms, make the New Store a pillar of trust. -iVufCed."
BM^Ui 1 1 l^li^ D «»« - selected Three-Piece BedroonaSuite— Selected c^o»i.*-oow.n o ak .
mMmm mnvm 1^^ hardwood, golden finish. Dresser JSU. 8W 6^i
mSsSSM ilUSSvf! S^^S^eV^ has bevel P hte mirror - Excellent work- n^iy Hle % - p °o ls £l
H^^MH SXr^ff.ll ffi|w y nec ViT?n manship throughout. Hi g h ly«1A7q £ r T v e ed : $18.75
F^iisFliPil S §£«ii$p3 1 <V polished. j/S polished. PriCe *piU»Ii/ One of ths many ellec-
f-iv-V?$-|] N vrotfisi i* PrW >4' iX » s -"<' J u anew... tlve deslgnS( in prlces
|pg|||jP >4\ 4 prPcVTo 3 ,!^^ ln Dozens of new designs up to $450.00. 6lng from ?7 - 50 t0 J"°-
l^^^^^^Sl MeU^^Sv hrMv No# l ~ CclIarette — 9 Id Iission design. Quarter- No. 5— SideboardHoid~Missiorrdesign. Quartcr-
cawed, weathered finish. Two large closets. Top sawed oak. Back and cupboard door decorated
§lifiittSSfc^Bi!|l So^i itrafeSSBll ioT g^ass. Cupboard doors decorated with Dutch v with Dutch tiles. Three large drawers, two com-
E^^V^^^K R |V^<*iliiill^S^ tiles - Artistlc m every line. Price tfr^ CA modious cupboards, giving ample room for silver
B|ri§ra|tOT Jpi 1 1 * >^fflZc®lw1 •p*JLi»>J\J and linen. A piece of unusual beauty CA7 HO
S^Wifl^^^ No - 2— Box' Seat Dining Chair-Old Mission de- *pOJ.W
fegg5ggfp^?|| « TS fS% i f^'v si^ n - Quarter-sawed oak, leather seat. &/L iln No. 6— Clock, China Closet and Stein Rack Com-
U^&MjSSbffi 5 j| BH 'l^ Massive in construction. Price tjsU.UiJ ' bined— Made to fit in the corner. Built of quarter-
WfeSlSsatM 5 ll I 1 M x 3-Dining Table— Mission design. Quarter- sawcc j oak weathered finish. Just the thing to
ilivilPra S4I J 1 N sawed top, 8-foot drawer. Price tfM C«A complete the furnishing of your din- tfz/l n/j
p. MM « v %aOCi»J\) Ing-room. Price »JJUV/tw7V/
5 v A jra^W^^ Xo. 4 — Arm Chair — Mission design. Quarter- No. 7 — Plate Rack — Quarter-sawed oak, weather-
g^^SfgW&All 5 *^a Al«Zsm sawed oak, weathered finish, leather q*(\ I ' C ed finish. Workmanship and material C* -i -\ *\r\
| % wS?3i§r scat. Price $7.4H> are the best. Price $II.CU
|plaiil|ii 5 * Om 1 J * A flood of natural light from immense windows and skylights sheds a radiance over the entire
wiSHHi : *8p 1 j * Iloon not a corner but has its share of natural light This makes choosing a pleasure. OvJ
ilSoU! IP J8 lft 1 P % stock is vast and varied; not a pattern but has had to pass the trained eye of our buyer,
WmBsBjifl S* \| I i % an M^t in his line. You will find all v thc latest designs, carloads of them just arrived—
r||§§|S|2P' 3* f I jl Bigclow Axminsters, Wiltons, Hartford and Smith Axminsters, Velvets, Body Brussels, Tapcs-
Ip5gjs||ii| m = * '^ • try Brussels or Ingrains. No matter how fastidious you may be we can please you. EX-
Hflll! 1 If 1 3 — CLUSIVE DESIGNS at the LOWEST MARKET PRICES. Call at the store and be convinced
j^^aSQI 1 I S " our S° ods Qrc a11 at wc claim for them— that our prices are the lowestMoscow has the largest hospital in
Europe, with 7000 beds. There are ninety
six physicians and 900 rurses and about
15,000 patients are cared for annually.
BICHABBSON'S BIT.
The sum total received by the company
from the Government wai $30,075 for the
7100 machines. . Richardson's salary as
president and manager of the company
was $75 per month and Espey's salary
as secretary from January 1, UM1 was
$50 per month. This Included* the rent of
the company's desk room In Espey's of
fice In the Mills building.
With reference to Mr. Erwln's relations
with the company, the witness stated that
Mr. Erwin had not been authorized by
the company to do anything about the
sale of the Indicators when he went to-
Washington- with Richardson. Richard
son held 11,000 shares of the stock of
which he sold 4000 to his friends and oth
ers. In addition Richardson drew down
$2200. as salary as president and $1500 as
dividends, i A man named Seeger held
1000 shares, said the witness, and he had
not paid anything for them. They had
been primarily Issued to Mr. Hoagland,
one of the Inventors, and he had trans
ferred them to Seeger. The witness had
¦not been Informed that Seeger was hold
ing: the stock for Machen. He did not
know that Machen held any stock. The
witness was positive that McDonough did
and hold any stock, and the same was
true of Beavers. ' He had heard that Rich
ardson had transferred some of his stock
to McDonouBh, but it was never trans
ferred on the books of the company. He
added that- 4000 additional indicators had
been furnished by the company to the
Government, but had not been paid for'
An adjournment was taken until Mon
day at 10 a. m. y
the United States Government was $4 for
the smallest size and *4 25 and $4 50 for
the other sizes, the aggregate being $30,075
paid by the United States. The New
Zealand Government paid $6 50 each for
the devices— the larffe size, No. 3. Pour
thousand additional indicators he said
had been furnished to the United States
Government, for which the Government
had not yet paid the company.'
¦ In reply to a question by Mr. Knight,
the witness said that the total cost to
the Postal Device Company for each ma
chine was 53 33.7. This cost Included the
cost of the material, the services by the
manufacturer and mechanics In supervis
ing the work, the subsequent erection of
the boxes, officers' and employes' salary.
Incidental and office expenses and Inter
est. The Interest Item had been Incurred
by the default of the Government for a
year and a half in paying for the boxes.
Omitting salaries and some other Items,
the expense at the factory was $2 71
each.
J. F. Campion Dies Suddenly.
John F. Campion, a widower, 37 years
cf age, was found dead in bed yesterday
et his home, 225 Eighth street. He had
been under medical treatment for alco
holism.
C. L. Trowbridge is suing E. R. Hoyden j
of the American Guarantee and Security j
Company for an accounting. He claims '
that he is a partner of Hayden and that j
the latter refuses to give him his share!
of the profits of the company. i
Claims Interest in Company.
RedsceC rates on household goods to & from
tie East & South. BcWa'i. 11 Montgomery. •
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness. Itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results
MURIXE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician cells Murine at 50 cents. •
The San Francisco Eye
Theobald Pleads Guilty.
George W. Theobald pleaded guilty yes
terday In the United States District Court
to an indictment charging: him with steal
ing mail matter out of letter boxes. He
•was ordered to appear for sentence next
Tuesday.
Robert R. Munro was then called. He
testified that he was the postofflce in
spector in charge for the northern dis
trict of California and that he had made
the complaint on the indictment solely
and not upon his own knowledge. He had
drawn the complaint, he said, by virtue of
his office alone.
R. H. E. Espey testified that he was
and had been secretary of the Postal De
vice and Improvement Company since De
cember, 1899^ the date of its organiza
tion. Mr. Erwin was not and never had
been an officer or director of the original
Montague Company or of the Postal De
vice and ' Improvement Company. The
company gave Mr. Efwln 600 shares for
his services in perfecting the device and
in making suggestions as to the needs of
the department, concerning the mechanism
of the time indicator. He did not ask
for any stock and his suggestions were
purely voluntary. Richardson and Mr.
Hoagland were both anxious that Er*win
should be remunerated for his services in
perfecting the mechanism of the device.
ERWIN'S SMALL DRAWDOWN.
There were two patents Issued, the first
before the time indicating device had been
perfected, and the second covering some
Improvements that Mr. Erwin had sug
gested. Erwin received dividends aggre
gating $96. and that is all that he ever
got out of the stock. Of the time indi
cator boxes 7100 were sold to the United
States Government and 100 to the New
Zealand Government. The price paid by
In reply to Mr. Woodworth the witness
said that he did not mention to any one
the fact that Mr. Machen or Mr. Beavers
had any stock, because he did not know
that it was contrary to law.
This closed the cross-examination and
Mr. Knight proceeded with the redirect
examination. In reply to questions by
Mr. Knight, Mr. Erwin stated that he
was not sufficiently familiar with the
business of the Postal Device and Im
provement Company to speak ol it to
Mr. Machen and that was the reason why
he had Mr. Richardson furnish him with
a memorandum, which he handed to
Machen. The witness understood that
Richardson had been a director in the
original Montague Company and for the
past year and a half president and gen
eral manager of the Postal Device Com
pany. "
HONORABLE INTENTIONS.
The witness said that he had not been
aware of the existence of the law until
within the past two or three months, and
that was why he had not reported the
matter or made any Investigation what
ever.
000 and the deprivation of the right to
hold office under the Government forever
thereafter.
The witness said that he had a suspi
cion for the pa§t two years that stock
had been issued to Beavers and Machen.
That surmise was based on what Rich
ardson had told him. Richardson had
been complaining that Mr.- Machen was
not answering letters that had been sent
to him by the company, and he, Richard
son, said that he wondered whether Ma
chen and Beavers didn't want some more
stock. The witness did not interest him
self in the matter and made no inquiries,
but from what Richardson said he sur
mised that stockhad been issued to Ma
chen and" Beavers. Witness did not know
at tha time that the giving of i stock to
Machen and Beavers was a violation of
the law.
Mr. Woodworth read the statute prohib
iting the giving of anything to a Govern
ment official or member of Cqngress for
the purpose of having any contract made
with the Government.' The penalty for
giving or receiving such bribe was impris
onment for two years and a fine of flO,-
The witness, continuing, said that it
was at the urgent solicitation of the post
master at Sacramento that he wrote to
the department recommending the use of
the time Indicators in Sacramento, and
that not more than 100 werl sent there.
The witness never heard of any other
similar invention, except one in the East,
which was to be set by the carrier him
self and was not automatic In any sense.
Mr. Richardson had Informed him with
in two or three months past that some
1000 shares had been issued in the name
of Harry Seeger and that they were In
tended for- Mr. s Machen, and some 2000
In the name of McDonough for Mr. Bea
vers. V-S-iV:- •?
SACRAMENTO GETS THEM.
On May 31, 1900, I left San Francisco again
for Washington to Inquire into the reason for
the delay of the Government in adopting the
device and I took a memorandum which Mr.
Richardson handed me. • He complained that he
couldn't get answers to his letters to the de
partnlent concerning this device and he re
quested me to go to Washington and make the
inquiries as suggested by his memorandum.
We had found that the cost of the larger sizes
of the device was greater than the company
had figured, and Richardson proposed that $4,
f 4 50 and $5 should be the prices charged the
Government for the different sires, but it was
afterward cut down to $4, $4 25 and $4 50 for
the different sizes, beginning with the smallest.
I gave Mr. Machen Mr. Richardson's memo
randum. Among other things in a memoran
dum was . a request from Mr. Richardson to
Mr. Machen to order 1000 of the devices.
After arriving in Washington I sent a tele
gram on June 12. 1000. conveying to Richard
son the same Information officially conveyed to
him by the First Assistant Postmaster General.
1 received a letter from him when I waa in Jer
sey City. It read: •'Tour telegram received.
Good!" Then he wanted me to ask Machen to
have the people at Reading fit up one of tha
boxes and forward it as a working sample.
I have no recollection of having done any
thing In these matters since June, 1900. On
July 1, 1900. I received orders from the depart
ment to proceed to Manila. The first of the de
vices was not Installed until later In that year.
My trip to Manila occupied 105 days, and I did
not assume the duties of, my new position until
I returned about the first or second of Novem
ber of that year.
RICHARDSON COMPLAINS.
. I believe the first 7000 time Indicators -were
made in Reading. Pa.,, and perhaps 1100 were
sent, to this coast. I fcelieve. that they .were
first installed late in 1900 in San Francisco.
Mr. Richardson's estimate was that the device
could be sold to the department for about' four
dollars .apiece— rtliat was simply his estimate a«
to the probable cost That was also the price
named in the contract for the 7000 devices.
The actual cost of making the device to the
Postal Device and • Improvement Company waa
about $3 33 each. I received fifty shares of
Etock in the original company, a short time be
rore we left for Washington, but I do not re
member the exact date, liy fifty were ex
changed for 100 of the new company's and I
was given 500 more. The company paid my
expenses for the time I was engaged in doing
this work for them. Mr. Richardson, who was
with me, paid my expenses. I presented my
claims to the Government for the expenses
due me in the Government work. I was not
paid anything- for my services. What I did
was an act of friendship for Mr. Richardson.
I do not know that Mr. Machen received any
stock or ever held any interest In the Mon
tague Letter-box -Device Company or in the
Postal Device and Improvement Company. Nor
do I know that Mr. Beavers received any stock
inelther of these' companies.
' "What was the rule or method for ac
quiring a patent device for the. Govern*
ment?" asked Mr. Woodworth.
. "I. could not say. I do not know," waa
the reply.
Mr. Erwin continued:
MACHINES INSTALLED.
Another day will conclude th© Judicial
Investigation by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock Into the Federal
indictment charging J. "W. Erwin with
conspiring- to defraud the United States
Government by inducing It to make an ex
clusive contract with the Postal Device
and Improvement Company for the pur
chase at an exhorbitant price of time in
dicators for street letter boxes. Mr. Er
win's examination was concluded before
noon j'esterday and at noon the examina
tion was continued until 10 a. m. to
morrow.
The result of Mr. Erwln's examination
was the establishment of the following
facts: That Daniel S. Richardson, super
intendent of the San Francisco postofflce
and president of the Postal Device Com
pany, had Interested Mr. Erwin In the
time indicator and had induced him to
accompany Richardson to Washington,
D. C, for the purpose of introducing him
to postal officials and of getting them in
terested in the invention, which Mr. Er
win saw would be of vast benefit to the
service; that hl3 expenses while engaged
in such . wo'rk were paid by Richardson ;
that he received fifty shares of the old
Montague company stock from Rlchard
eon as a present; that he subsequently
exchanged these fifty shares for 100
shares of the stock of the Postal Device
and Improvement Company and received
from that company 500 additional shares
as a reward for certain Improvements
that he had made in the mechanism of
the machine; that Erwin did not know
that he was doing anything wrong in rec
ommending the adoptlon ; of the improve
ment by the department and never knew
that August W. Machen and George W.
Beavers held any stock in the company.
RICHARDSON TO THE FRONT.
United States District Attorney "Wood
worth placed Mr. Erwin on the stand for
further cross-examination.- Beginning
with.- his departure from San Franclsctf
with Richardson, Mr. Erwin testified as
follows:
Mr. Richardson and I left San Francisco on
the evening of November 3, 1S09, arrived at
Washington on the 11th and remained until the
21st. During that period we stopped at the
same hotel together, but were not together all
tho time. I attended to my business and he to
his. I did not devote, all told, more than three
tlays to Richardson and his device. I met
Machen and Beavers and presented this "device
to them. It spoke for Itself and we thought it
would be a good thing for the service. - Machen
expressed his approval of It in general terms,
and several weeks later a contract was entered
Into with the Postal Device and Improvement
Company. We had discussed the usefulness of
the device on two or three occasions. This is
the only device in which I ever had an interest
In bringing to the attention of the department,
und I do not know of any method for introduc
ing such a device to the Government, except I
that all contracts must originate with the First
Assistant Postmaster General, who, at that
time, was Perry S.: Heath. .Mr." Ma'chen had
the approval of it, but Mr. Beavers had nothing
to say or do about it, ; because the device ¦ was
not for the use of his' department. I "have no
personal knowledge that Mr. • Machen made a
report to Mr. Heath. The first order was for
70UO devices, was dated January 26, 1900, and
was signed by Mr. Allen, chief clerk to the
First Assistant Postmaster General, who had
the power no act in the absence of his supe
rior. - ' ¦ . •
Richardson Receives Pour
Thousand Dollars and a
Block of Stock.. \
Erwin Explains Why He
Recommended ' the
Time Devices.
POSTAL SCANDAL
STILL IN COURT
An investigation of the Obi and Tenesel
rivers made under the auspices of tha
Russian Government has revealed the fact
that these streams are navigable by ocean
steamers for a distance of 1000 miles from
their mouths.
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Halght & Masonic av.«
Mrs. Anna Bushnell. widow of the>Iats
F. H. Bushnell, the photographer, yester
day petitioned the Superior Court for an
allowance of $250 a month out of her hus
band's estate. The estate was recently
appraised at $112,000.
Widow Wants Allowance.
Professor Knight of. Freiburg. Germany,
the" greatest music mechanical expert of
the age, has Just reconstructed the or
chestrian at the Cliff House. Through his
efforts we have in San Francisco the most
wonderful musical instrument in the
world. The change in this instrument
consists in adopting the principles of the
Apollo, king of piano self-players. Lovers
of music should visit the Cliff House to
day, where the orchestrian will play 103
instruments at one time. The mechanism
of the Apollo will be fully explained and
the perfection of the instrument illus
trated at the headquarters of Professor
King. 16 CFarrell street •
Prof. C. S. Knight Here.
Modern method*, new machinery, now type,
causes rood work. Mysell-Roillas, 23 Clay. •
Pedro, Costa, who Is the defendant in a
suit for $20,000 damages for breach of
promise' filed by Mrs. A. Lauricella, a
widow, answered the woman's complaint
yesterday. ¦ He denies specifically and
generally her charges, and says that he
never sat any time during the month of
February of this year asked her to marry
him or gave her his promise to make her
his wife. ,
Says "Widow's Charges Axe False.
Trapper's Oil curea rheumatism and nenr&IrU.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard ft Co.. 406 Clay. •
Antone Badgalupi and Richard Miller,
the principals In the fight with bare fists
in a barn near the Presidio which was
stopped by Sergeant Brophy and a squad
of policemen on Friday night, and the
ten onlookers appeared before Police
Judge Cabanlss yesterday: As there was
no -evidence that the men were fighting
for a prize, as. required by the statute,
the Judge dismissed the cases, remarking
that the defendants were very fortunate
In the fact that there was a lack of proof
as to what they were fighting for.
Fighters Are Discharged.
On May 3 sbe invited Joseph Gagan of
24 Franklin street to her rooms at 1
Fifth street and without any provocation
fired five shots at him. each- bullet taking
effect. About four years ago, while she
lived on Grant avenue, she invited George
Bowers, a grocery clerk, to her rooms and
fired three shots at him without effect
At that time she was adjudged insane and
sent to the insane asylum at Napa, hav
ing been released about a year ago.
The Judge said he did not believe that
the woman was in a responsible frame of
mind and hence she should be sent to th-s
Insane asylum instead of to San Quentin.
He suspended sentence and ordered her
sent to the insane ward in the Central
Emergency Hospital to be under observa
tion till to-morrow, when a Jury will be
again summoned to pass upon her sanity.
When the case was called for trial
about ten days ago the woman was sent
to the insane ward for observation' and
three days later Drs. McGettlgan and
Lustig testified before a Jury that in their
opinion she was sane. The Jury so de
cided and her trial commenced last
Wednesday. The. following day she was
convicted.
Mrs, Etta-FItzgibbons, who was con
, vlcted by a Jury in Judge Cook's court on
Thursday on a charge of assault to mur
der, made, a scene in court yesterday
when asked if she had anything to say
why sentence should not be passed upon
her. She stood up, trembling in ©very
limb, and shrieked out a long, rambling
statement - protesting her innocence and
denouncing the Jurors who convicted her.
"The man tried - to choke me," she
shouted, "and .what was I to do— a poor,
defenseless woman against a strong man?
I got my revolver , and shot him. I do
not blame you, your Honor, 89 you are
a perfect gentleman, but the twelve men
who want to send me to San Quentln are
not in their' right minds and should not
have been allowed to try my case." She
continued in this strain for some time till
the Judge succeeded in silencing her.
Sentence in Case of Mrs.
Pitzgibbons Is Sus
pended.
WOMAN CREATES
SCENE IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
32
ADVESTISE3iaaTT.S.
White
Important
Announcement
To-morrow (MonflaQ) we will
place on sale SEVEN CASES FINE
WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
size suitable for three-parter Ms.
Price CQ gin Pair
We will also offer 200 pairs
EXTRA SIZE White Golden Gate
RIr nlrptQ t\\
JJllLlilYulij 111 gs. -a *|* « ,
....Good Value for $7.50..,.
Elegant assortment of new Curtains,
Bed Spreads, Portieres and Batten-
iercf Tidies.
111, 113, 115,. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I KM"^ Autumn Suits i
U'ffl jV ®ir : ' wIaV'/ Many of the autumn 'All
tlH styles gathered for your vM
'^f. sSw ff'f^£s?w\ inspection are not only
'¦¦^Hrl. ffi^^.- exclusive in style, but in
•^^b^i'^^to^ price — for they cannot
-^-^"^ . be duplicated elsewhere.
Smart New Fall Walking:
Suits $18.50.
ComrriCTicing Monday, we offer three beautiful styles in suits for you
to select from, made up in ten different effects of fancy mixtures and
plain cloths, with }£ length coat, collarless — a stunning <C1Q Cfl
suit, which cannot be duplicated under $25.00. Special — ipiO.Jw
Separate Skirts.
Our entire fall line is here. - One of the principal factors of these
skirts is the fit and hang to them. Each skirt is man tailored, in beau-
tiful new weaves, and being modestly priced, greatly adds to them.
$5.00, $7.50, $10.00, $15.00, $25.00
Girls' Tailor Suits.
If you have been thinking of investing in a tailor suit for your daugh-
ter we can help you. Bright, pretty styles, made from those rich Scotch
Cheviots and Tweeds, made on stylish lines for girls, from tf^A f\f\
12 to 18 years, ranging in price from $10.00 to • »JlfaV/»V/V/
Extraordinary Glove Selling
Commencing Monday, we will place /<^£ft>. |g£jiJd&i{y
on special sale. 1000 more pairs of those JT JUT
extra heavy undressed kid gloves. This. m. £K B ft
glove is entirely new and made to take EL_ |
the place of a silk glove. They are 2fflL H»??k». H
made from soft, firm skins, which arc Jfij^lm&k-
comfortable and durable; made with one IW y£m
large clasp; in pretty ' shades of dark H IN W n «* '
tans, grays and soft mode shades; a reg- H m Bt fl P31T»
ular $1.25 glove. Special at Glove Coun- 45&>ta&r r
tcr •••••••«•••»•••*,•••••••••••¦•••**•*•
Warranted and fitted. . " \
New Vesting Waists.
All popular materials in the newest styles are here. At $3.50 we offer
several rich patterns in the new vesting waists, made, of men's rich vest-
ing of nobby patterns,. with black,, blue and green dots, graduated shoul-
der plats, finished, with large pearl buttons; sizes 32 to 42. You might -
pay $5.00 for.no better waist. . ' -
$21D^tD>avi3 & Co
CohSeary Si andSrantC^ve.
Agents Royal Worcester Corsets.
ADVEBTISEMZNT&
Oriental Goods [
At Wholesale Prices :
W» Offer Our Entire Extra Pla • Col- '
lactioa of
Oriental Rugsj
AND CURTAINS [
At 25 Per Cent \
( Ulicount from regular retail prices.
\ We are sole agent* for ,
JOHN CKOSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CABPETS
Chas. M. Plnm & Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts. !
Doctors'
Offices
TO LET
WENBAN BUILDING
Comer Sutter and Mason sts.: Just com-
pleted; latest unprovementa.
Apply MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montgomery.
H!GHTRAD£_GOLD ITCH
On easy payments, $2 down, |1 per week.
Standard movements. Fully guaranteed.
POSSESSION GIVEN IMMEDIATE!,?.
FRANKL1N~WATCH CO.,
131 M0XTGCMJ5BT ST., room li
v EXPEET OPTICIAN. t •. • ?
A KIhiI/ I A WT I
(i 1 u| i" %#«# 1 La 1/I1 !
•* mmm Ai » ¦MB W w , ¦JMiili mm mm W W ?
t VERY IMPORTANT FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
: The State of California authorizes Mr. George Mayerle, the
German Expert Optician at 107 1 Market street, to practice Opto-
metry and prescribe glasses to those having weak eyes and poor
sight. ;
MR. GEORGE MAYERLE has probably prescribed glasses
to more prominent men of the world than any other optician in
this country., The fact that the highest U. S. Army, Navy and
Government officials and most eminent clergymen, Judges and
educators of California are using his glasses should be sufficient
evidence of his wonderful ability to treat most complicated cases
with accuracy and absolute perfection.
' EXAMINATION OF EYES FREE.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _^
VV II^MIIIIIMIII
| ATTRACTIVE SALE OF
j SILK UNDERSKIRTS
| To-morrow, September 28th, we will hold a special
: sale of ladies' underskirts, made of black French taf-
feta, extra wide flare, deep accordion-plaited flounce,
-with two hemstitched circular ruffles.
...$10.50 VALUE-
SPECIAL «tj£:.5O
TO-MORROW vpO=
INFANTS' WEAR DEPARTMENT
j I We are sole Pacific Coas agents for the "Arnold" Goods and Dr.
Grosvenor's Gertrude Garments. These goods were formerly sold
by Mrs. Ober ol this city. We take pleasure in announcing that we
[ 1 have engaged the services of Mrs. Ober in our Infants' Wear De-
1 partment to represent the line and explain to our customers the !
unexcelled features of these goods.
rmTS and KNICKERBOCKER SUITS
FOR SMALL BOYS.
; t< The styles for boys fro m 2 to 5 years of age were never more
« " becoming than they are this season. A Magnin Knickerbocker or
* Kilt Suit adds much to a small boy's fashionable appearance as
i veil as comfort. -
' g Tl]e Magnin styles are recognized as the most exclusive in de-
\h sign, superior in quality and the most reasonable in price.
The materials in vojrue this year are plain and fancy wool mix- j
tares in a variety of shades; also niques and linens. \
BOYS' KILT SUITS, made BOYS' or GIRLS' ONE-
of all-wool covert cloth: Rus- PIECE KILT SUIT: made of
<ian effect; trimmed with brass white pique; collar and sleeves
Duttons; . .shades, .of frray. blue trimmed with feather-stitched
or brown; sizes i l A (O Off braid; sizes 2 to 4 CI CO \\
to 2Y 2 rears.. $£.£»J years V^vU
I : BOYS' RUSSIAN BLOUSE SUIT; . A ft ' p n
made of all-wool covert cloth: embroid- V J nil
ered .emblem- on -shield; trimmed with V J I U U
); silk braid; sizes 3 to 5 j'ears
' f *
Otit-oMown rus- x-\#v» /fi/sisf/ni/n^/Zk- ce * ve Prompt atten- '
! tomers -will find \(O/fV/fi/ifl/ni/ttTirn)^^^- Our 52-page I
large assortment of \_S, f Itilf ill I £/ J \iy/ Illustra ted cata.- •
E ' Boys' Kilts in our ///«sriiii — logue will be sent £
H neW cataiosue - gis.922 Market Street free to any address - |
li ' M
>?>}j. v-iiiiwiii 1 - T..J !"*<Ji:j*^';'&T^ti-'S,'tf.'t l ,>> > -J^.-.VJjS';t lt ..wv j a' ¦n,wirtii.r-iWi>'" ISmtS*^^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
/
wow occunrtHa our
ENTIRE BUILDING ....
The Most Beaatiful and Largest Suit
Department in the,Gty
Tailor Suits
French Imported
Silk Waists
Street and Evening
Largest Select/on of
EXQUISITE STYLES
ARMAND CAILLEAU
' 112- 1U- 116 KEARNY STREETREPRESENTA
TIVES of all dis
tricts in the Mission
and Potrero last ¦ evening
adopted a resolution, after
discussion, approving . of
the action of The Call in
giving to the public the fact
that the proposed sewer
system for the city and
county of San Francisco,
upon which is based an is
sue of $7,250,000 of inter
est-bearing bonds, is radi
cally defective. Delegates
from half a score of clubs
were present and voted af
firmatively when the resolu
tion was submitted.
SCENE WHEN GEORGE I* CENTER
DENOUNCED DEFECTIVE . SEWER
SYSTEM PROPOSED FOR THIS CITT.
The life boats went alongside the
stricken vessel while the tugs lay some
distance off. The Gifford was lying
broadside on to th* heavy waves that
dashed with tercj^c force on the sides
of the vessel. Each successive wave
seemed to drive the unfortunate bark
closer to the shore and lessen her chance
of being saved by the tugs.
It was decided that an attempt should
be made at high tide to pull the Gifford
from her position on the rocks. The tugs
were assisted by the life saving crews in
making hawsers fast to the stranded ves
sel. The tide was at its highest at 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon and half an
hour before that time the tugs steamed
with every pound of steam in their boilers,
trying, to pull the Gifford from Mussel
Rock. The hawsers broke like strings
and again the life boats tossed and
tumbled in the heavy surf and carried
the lines from the tugs to the Gifford.
Another attempt was made to pull the
Glfford from the rocks exactly at high
tide, but it failed. The rocks held their
prey with tenacious hold and the work
of the tuffs was of no avail. A second
tine the hawsers parted and it was then
seen that the Gifford was doomed to de
struction. The tugs steamed for the har
bor and the life boats went to work to
bring ; Captain Michie and his comrades
from the doomed vessel to the shore, to
gether with their belongings.
Twice the life boats, in charge of Cap
tain Varney and Captain Grunbeck, . made
the perilous trip from the Gifford to the
shore. When the Gifford struck she was
about two hundred yards from the beach,
but the constant pounding of the waves
for twenty-four hours had placed her last
cerned the Gifford through bis marine
glass and gave the alarm. When the four
tugs and the three life boats arrived at
the scene of the wreck all the crew were
ashore with the exeception of Captain
Michie, First Officer Harry Laverick and
two of the sailors.
TTJGS FAIL AT RESCtTE.
When a landing was finally made Sec
ond Officer Ernest Clarke, with sailors
Lewis Berloner and carpenter E. Math
ews. climbed the steep bluff and ' made
across the range in the direction of
Colma. Their mission was to summon
assistance and also to get water for the
crew, as the barrels in the vessel's life
boats were filled with salt water and not
with the fresh liquid as demanded by law.
Captain Michie denied last evening that
the barrels were filled with salt water,
but the fact remained that the only water
the stranded sailors had to drink on the
beach was the scant supply carried by
some of the crew for miles across the hills
to th« scene of the wreck. .
At 8 o'clock yesterday the lookout <jf
the South Side Life-saving Station dis-
At 7 o'clock yesterday morning Captain
Michie ordered that two of his life boats
be launched and a landing made on the
shore. The boats had a terrible struggle
with the waves and the sailors were
drenched to the skin by the waves dash
ing over the boats.
"WALKED MILES FOR AID.
vious to the disaster the mist cleared
away shortly after the vessel struck and
all through the night they could see a
white fixed light some miles up the beach.
If the fog cleared as Captain Michie and
his men claim It did. it seems incredible
that the lookout of the South Side Llfe
sa.ving Station did not notice the rockets
and flares from the wrecked vessel. As
in the case of the steamship Rio do Jan
eiro no help from the life saving men
reached the unfortunate mariners until
some hours after the disaster took place.
The bravery of the life saving crews ori
this coast is not to be questioned for an
Instant, but the lookout system seems to
be woefully at fault. If the Gifford had
been a passenger ship laden with many
human lives, another tale of awful loss
would have been added to the list of dis
asters on this coast.
ihore. Captain Michie and his crew claim
.hat while the fog waa very dense pre-
LIVE-SAVING CREW COMING ASHORE FROM WRECKED BARK GIF
FORD AT MUSSEL ROCK, AND PHOTOGRAPHS OF VESSEL'S CAP
TAIN AND SOME OF HER CREW.
The order was a t once given to man
the bark's likboats and prepare to launch
them. Good crder was maintained, and
after findlntr that the vessel was not
making much •*ater in the wells Captain
Michie decided t,, keep his men aboard
and signal for fo-ristance.
Through the dart watches of the night
the spray drench^ crew of the Gifford
clung heroically to their vessel. Rockets
trere sent up at frequent intervals for
two hours after the vessel struck. .
Flares were burned f rom 9 p. m. until
midnight, but no ans* cr came from the
ROCKETS FIRED FOR HELP.
VO/ie the sailors were aloft taking in
sail tie first officer threw the sounding
lead ar.d discovered that he was in shal
low wtcr. His warning cry to Captain
Michie f, m e too late. The Glfford piled
on Musi-i Rock end her forward and
rfiddle compartments were pierced by the
eharp pir.t^cles.
All hands were on deck at the time of
the disaster. First Officer Harry Lav
crick was on watch when the bark went
lEhore. At 6 o'clock in the evening the
«atchf>s were changed, and owing to the
dtise fog Captain Michie decided to take
in =ui sail and put his vessel about, fear
ing that he might be too close to the
coat' for safetv. •
At the time the Glfford went ashore
the fog was so dense that It waa impos
sible for those on board to see a chip's
length ahead. Men on the masthead and
forward on the bark could not detect the
noise of the breakers owing to the thun
der of the sea, and. though the captain
of the vessel, David Michie. knew that
he was in the. vicinity of the Golden Gate,
he did not know that he was south of
the haven of safety and in the twinkling
< f an eye the valuable bark and her cargo
¦were lost to the use of man. The Gif
ford ran with a crash upon the sharp
rocks that lie twelve miles south of the
Cliff House.*
STRUCK HT DENSE FOG.
Gifford, seventy-five days out
from Newcastle, New South Wales, with
a cargo of coal for this port, went ashore
on Mussel Rock on Friday evening at 6
O'clock and is now lying at the mercy
of th« wind and -waves, a wreck. ' The
entire crew of the bark saved their lives
after a battle with the waves.
The first news that the Gifford was
cshore vas made known yesterday morn-
Ing' at 8 o'clock, when she was sighted
by the lookout of the South Side Ufe
eaving Etation five miles north of the
wreck. The alarm was at once given and
in a short space of time the lifeboats
from, the South Side, Golden Gate and
Fort Point stations were launched and
proceeded to the scene of the disaster.
Telephone messages were sent to the
Merchants' Exchange and to the offices
of the tugboat companies and two hours
after the news of the wreck was made
known the tugs Sea Rover, Relief. Sea
King and Defiance were pitching and toss
ing close to the ill-fated bark.
DECEIVED by the dense fog that
has lain low over the ocean along
the coast for the last two days,
the British four-masted bark
The British ship General Gordon, from
Newcastle, N. S. W., also had a narrow
escape from going on the rocka the same
time the Glfford did. The two vessels
were in sight of each other since Tues
day last, and at the time the Glfford
struck the General Gordon was about a
quarter of a mile away from her. The
General Gordon secured Pilot Hayes
shortly before dusk, and when the pilot
climbed aboard the vessel was close in
ehore in the .vicinity of Mussel Rock. Pilot
Hayes was obliged to steer a northwest
course from Mussel Rock in order to get
his bearings on the lightship, thence into
the Golden Gate. Neither Pilot Hayes
nor the crew \ of the General Gordon
sighted the land on Friday night, though
they could hear, the noise of the surf
breaking on the shore. _^
WRECKED VESSEL'S HISTORY.
•The wrecked bark Glfford was "built at
Greenock, Scotland, eleven years ago.
She was of 2113 net tonnage and con
structed of steel, and was rated 100 Al
at Lloyd's. She left pardiff, Wales, a
year ago with a cargo of coal for Monte
video, South America. Thence she pro
ceeded to Rio Blanco, South America, . in
ballast, and from that point carried a
cargo of wheat to Sydney, Australia. She
was then ordered to Newcastle, N. S. W.,
and left that port on July 12 last for San
Francisco with. 3500 tons of coalconslgned
to J. J. Moore & Co. of this city."
.. The Gifford was 281 feet 6 Inches 1n
length. 42 feet beam and 24 feet 6 inches
deep. She was owned by Andrew Weir
of Glasgow, Scotland, and was valued at
about $90,000. The valug of her cargo of
coal is estimated at about $18,000.
¦ The crew of. the Gifford numbered twen
ey-seven men all told. '. In addition to her
captain and three jmates she carried six
teen hands forward, . four petty officers
and three apprentices.
First Officer Harry Laveflck, who was
in charge of the watch when the Glf
ford struck, made the following state
ment when he came ashore last evening:
"The fog was so dense yesterday that
we could not see 100 feet ahead. We were
steering northeast by east Just before we
struck. We heard a fog whistle at 3
o'clock in the afternoon, and we were not
sure what whistle it was. We could not
see any lights on shore when it got dark.
From our dead reckoning and the bear
ings we secured on Thursday by the sun
we thought we were heading directly for
the Golden Gate.' I was taking a sound-
Ing Just as the vessel struck."
FIRST MATE'S STATEMENT.
Captain Michie proceeded to the South
Side* Life-saving station and at that point
the crew of the 6tation put him aboard
an Italian fishing boat bound for the
harbor. At a late hour last night word
was received from the South Side Life
saving station that the entire crew of the
Gifford was still on the beach near the
wreck and that they would remain there
all night and would be brought into the
city to-day. Captain Michie could not
be located last night, though It was
known that he was landed at Meiggs
wharf by the Italian fishermen on whose
boat he came into the harbor.
evening one hundred yards nearer shore.
When Captain . Mlchie of the Glfford
came * ashore last evening j from, his
wrecked vessel he made the following
statement:
"We left Newcastle, New South Wales,
seventy-five days ago, on Friday. We
did not sight land, with the exception of
a small island, until we got off the coast
of California. On Thursday morning
last we could discern the coast through
the haze. I took my bearings by thesun
on Thursday noon and shortly after that
the foe settled down on us and it was
thick until after we went ashore. I as
sumed that we were some distance from
the Golden Gate, but we could not see
any lights and did not hear any of the
fog whistles. '. After we struck we sent
up rockets and burned flares, but we re
ceived no answer from the shore. The
fog clearei after we struck and we could
see a fixed white light some distance
north of us. I deny that the barrels on
our lifeboats were filled with salt water.
It may be that salt water got Into the
barrels when the boats came ashore. I
do not care to make any further state
ment until I have seen our local agents,
J. J. Moore & Co."
RESOLVED, That we
tender the thanks of
the Federation of
Mission Improvement Clubs
to The Call for the able
manner in which it has
shown up the glaring de-
of the proposed new
sewer system ; and we hope
that every citizen interested
in seeing that this city does
not undertake the construc
tion of a sewer system
which would make the con
ditions worse than they are
at present, will read the ar
ticle on the proposed sewer
system contained in The
Call of September 25, 1903.
RESOLUTION
ADOPTED AT
GATHERING
Coal-Laden Vessel, Just at End of Long Voyage From Australia,
Goes Ashore in Dense Fog Twelve Miles Below the Cliff House
and Will Be a Total Loss — Crew Escapes Without Fatality
PINNACLES OF MUSSEL ROCK
HOLD BRITISH BARK GIFFORD
Continued on Paare 37. Column 1* ,
clubs should oppose the Issuance of sew
er bonds for a sewer system, at this time
for the following reasons:
"That the scheme proposed by the en
gineers is not a practicable solution of
the sewage problem.
"That an attempt to construct the. pro
posed sewer system would cause the ques
tion of sewer construction to be tied up
in the courts for year3 and indefinitely
delay the construction of much-needed
sewers.
"That if the engineers are correct in
characterizing sewage as 'highly danger
ous,' then the construction of such a
sewer system would not only be a publlo
nuisance, but a menace to the publlo
health.
"If the sewers were constructed as pro
posed the ¦ flood of gravel-laden water
from the steep slopes of the Mission, hills
would flood the district from Fourteenth
to 'Eighteenth, street as it has never
been flooded before, causing large dam
age, for which the city would be liable.
The sand would fill the sewer, as it has
Mission Creek, and is now filling Channel
street.
SEES TROUBLE attra-t*.
"The Missionites might take & malicious
pleasure in the fact that the sewer would
fill with gravel, because it would transfer
the windlass and bucket from Division
street to Sansome, Market and Second
streets and give the downtown merchant*
an experience with the delectable pile at
each manhole from, which th© Mission dis
trict has suffered so long by reason of
the criminal neglect of the city govern
ment, aided by the indifference of the
citizens who do not reside In the afflicted
district. .•>•-
j. he proposition of a sewer system, wttH
four pumping stations for a city buflt oa
hills and surrounded by tide water Is
ridiculous, if not ludicrous."
Mr. Center moved the adoption of ths
resolution concerning The Call and the
sewer system.
George H. Roundey of the University
Mound and Bay View Improvement Club
seconded the motion to adopt the resolu
tion and spoke pertinently concerning it.
He called attention to the lamentable
plight in which th© lower part of the- city
would be when th« tide flowed Into the
North Point main sewer and backed up
the sewage at every ordinary high tide.
E. M. Ritter asked a few Questions.
The resolution was then adopted.
After referring some resolutions for fur
ther consideration and hearing the plea
of Mr. Felt, delegate from the LJck and
Wllmerdlng District Improvement Club.
for assistance in having the district
sewered and provided with a much-needed
schoolhouse, the meeting adjourned.
GRTJNSKY MAKES REPLY.
Tries to Justify Flan of Proposed
Sewer System.
City Engineer Grunsky filed yesterday
¦with the Board of Supervisors what pur
ported to be a • refutation of the claims
made in The Call relative to the pro
posed snwer system for this city. The
principal claims made in this paper in
connection with the system were that the
North Point main sewer, the main k»y
to the entire system and the sewer
"We ! are asked to swallow- this sewer
proposition," he .". continued, "Just as we
swallowed the proposition of a new City
Hall/ Then we got a picture of a build
ing • and an estimate of $1,500,000 as the
cost of its construction. Now 'we get a
tank of sewage under the city, extending
The resolution concerning the sewer
system was introduced by George I* Cen
ter. . He made the statement that he had
taken the article in The Call, relative to
the proposed system and had carefully
verified it by going to the official reports
of the city authorities in reference to the
scheme for the sewer, construction, If the
bond election for sewers . carries. "The
new system is proposed by several. engi
neers," said Mr. Center. "The proposition
to issue bonds for its construction^ put
before the citizens without any, effort be
ing made to. enlighten them in regard to
its merits." • Mr. Center spoke calmly, but
was evidently very much in earnest.
INTRODUCES RESOLUTION. •
sewer system for the city and
county of San Francisco, which is made
the official basis for the sewer bond issue
of $7,250,000, to be voted upon this week.
"We tender the thanks of the Federa
tion of Mission Improvement. Clubs to
The Call," so ran the text of the resolu
tion, "for the able manner in which The
Call has shown up the glaring defects of
the proposed new sewer system." Allu
sion was made to "the construction of a
sewer system which would make the con
ditions worso than they are at present."
There was but one dissenting voice when
the resolution was submitted to the dele
gates from all the Mission Improvement
Clubs for a vote. .
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs is made up of delegates represent
ing every section of the great Mission dis
trict and the Potrero. The improvement
dubs affiliated in the federation are the
University | Mound and Bay View, the
Holly Park and Mission Street, the Falr
mount and Olen Park, the Sunnyslde Pro
gressive, the West of Castro Street, the
Ocean, View Property Owners', the Mar
ket-street and Eureka Valley, the Nuevo
Potrero, 'the Lake "View and Ingleside,
the Mission Road, the Eureka Valley and
Park Lane, the South San Francisco and
the Preclta Valley clubs. Each of these
clubs is entitled to three delegates in the
federation. Last evening every section
was well represented. The practically
unanimous decision to Indorse the course
of The Call therefore meant that the
great Mission district and its environs,
through its chosen representatives of
every section, . condemned, emphatically
the scheme of the engineers to take the
sewage of a great part of the city down
from the high city levels to zero and
bring upon the city a great expense for a
system that is denounced as impractical
and inadequate.' ,;£¦
THE Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs last evening
voted thanks to The Call for
calling attention to the radi
cal defects in the proposed
Mr. Center then passed to another con
sideration. He took the view that an at
tempt to construct such a system as is
proposed would result in proceedings In
court. "I do not know what action the
residents , and property owners in the
downtown districts will take in regard to
this sewer proposition," he said. "The
property owners of the Mission district
will . contest !n the . courts the proposition
to : construct a sewer on the lines pro
posed by the engineers, and we do not
believe the courts will condemn a district
to be flooded by. the stopping of Its nat
ural drainage channels, or to decree that
the property from Eighteenth to. Eleventh
street shall have a sewage bath every
twenty-four hours at the dictation of a
few impracticable men posing as civil en
gineers. ' All members of the Improvement
"To prevent this sewage tank from leak
ing in the depression between Eighteenth
and Eleventh streets our engineers have
provided a series of dams across the nat
ural drainage channels of the district, one
at. Eighteenth street, one at Fif
teenth street, one at Fourteenth
street and one at Eleventh street. These
dams will rise to a height of more than
four feet above the city base. At Four
teenth street the top of the dam will be
about two feet below the surface of the
streets and about six feet nine inches
above the bottom of the present sewer.
At extreme high tide we will have a bank
of sewage six feet nine inches deep from
Eighteenth street to the outlet. °
"In the depressed district from Eight
eenth street to Eleventh street, and espe
cially at Fourteenth street, the
will rise in the sewers twice a day, forc
ing the gas through the side sewers and
house connections and making it impossi
ble to repair or make a connection in the
side sewers except at extreme low tide.
"This ' is the district that suffers from
floods caused by heavy showers that visit
us every winter from five to ten times.
One can imagine but cannot realize what
this district would resemble should one
of these showers occur at • the time of
high tide after such a sewer system had
been inaugurated. Fearful lest . this dis
trict, naturally tributary to this sewage
tank, should not furnish enough to fill it,
our engineers have thoughtfully and at
great expense diverted the sewage of
Ocean View and '¦ part of the territory
tributary, .to the Army street sewer, and
also sewage from the southern slopes of
the Potrero. The Ocean View sewage is
to be diverted from its natural channel
by a long and expensive tunnel under Col
lege Hill; the Potrero portion, after flow
ing down the southern slope of Potrero
Hill, Is to be pumped. It all ' arrives at
Eighteenth and Division streets, and will
undoubtedly keep the tanks full at high
tide."
TO MAKE CONTEST.
to an outlet at North Point, under San
some, . Market, Second, Howard, Eighth
and Harrison streets, for J7.250.000.
Many Property Owners Threaten Court Proceed
ings in Self Defense.
Course of The Call Is
Most Heartiiy .
Indorsed.
Pages 33 to 44
* _ — j.
to 44
PAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
PROPOSED DEFECTIVE SEWER SYSTEM IS STRONGLY
DENOUNCED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE MISSIONEven Trials Are Looked For
in the Finals of Both
Stakes.
Nimrod Stakes Practically
a Walkover for A. D.
Gibson;
California Mare First
in a Handicap at
A Delmar. ..... .
Coursers at Iogleside
Have Some Hard
Running".
EVEA G TAKES
ANOTHER PURSE
HARES OUTFOOT
THEIR PURSUERS
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Sept. 26.— James
Boswell was probably fatally injured in a
game of football here to-day. His neck
was dislocated In a. scrimmage.
Football Player Is Fatally Injured.
The decision means • that racing con
cerns cannot rule orderly persons off the
track. In each case .where • the com
plainant can prove that he was not ad
mitted to a place of amusement on a
purchased ticket, the defendant must for
feit $100. The grounds on which a refusal
to admit may be based- are drunkenness
and immoral character. '»:
The Supreme Court declared yesterday
that the officials of the Western Turf As
sociation acted illegally in refusing to
admit Hyman Greeneberg to the races at
the Tanforan track in December; 1S99.
The plaintiff published a 5 daily racing
form and sought damages on the ground
that his business was injured. The court
holds that any place of amusement is
open to any person conducting himself
properly. It .is declared,- however, that
Greeneberg can get nothing for the in-
Jury done his business, as he was not sup-,
posed from a legal standpoint to conduct
a private business at a place of public
amusement. . . •
ANY ORDERLY PERSON
MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED
TWO MJXE BUN RECORD
IS BROKEN BY GRANT
Member of the New York Athletio
Club Cuts 5 1-5 Seconds Off
the Time.
TRAVERS ISLAND, N. Y.. Sept. 26.—
Only one record, that for the two-mile
run, was bettered to-day at the games of
the New York Athletic Club on their
track here. Alex Grant.of the New York
Athletic Club accomplished the feat. His
run was a remarkable exhibition j of
steady speed for the distance and termi
nated with a dash for the tape that cut
5 1-5 seconds from the' previous time for
two miles. Grant's time was 9:27 and the
old record, which had stood for thirteen
years, was made by Willie Day on the
Berkeley Oval • May " 17, 1890. » Day's time
was 9:321-5. Grant ran' the first mile In
4:43 3-5 and all the .way he had the race
well in hand . and . finished \ strong and
fresh;' • - -. - ¦ . .. , :
Quos Ego Wins the Prix Juxy Suis.
PARIS, Bept. 26.— W. K. Vanderbilfs
Qubs Ego, " with Johnson up, -won the
Prix Juxy Suis (hurdles) to-day. /
Consolation stake, to be run to-day — Reck
less Acrobat vs. America; Yankee Boy v«. Vina;
Ruby Sankey vs. Reno; Lord Granard vs.
Tralee Boy; St. Conn vs. Melrose; Kemisso
Anlmo vs. Preclta Maid; Concord Boy vs. lone
Hill; Renegade Apache vs. Ella May.
Open stake — Dear Gaston beat Cloverdale.
7-C; Red Pepper beat Agitator. 10-0; Cluster
beat Remiseo Anlmo 7-2; Wattles beat Beacon
15-11; Vandal beat Concord Boy, 8-7; Frisky
Barbara beat St. Conn. 5-1; Honest John beat
Preclta Maid. 6-4; Algy McDonald beat Minnie
Sankey. 3-0; Game Boy beat Lord Brazen, 6-5;
Presidio Boy beat Kaetlake. 5-1; Palo Alto
beat Lord Granard, 8-7; Full Moon beat Tra
lee Boy. 7-1; Belle Free beat Thelma, 0-6;
Gambit beat Ruby Sankey. 6-0; Liberator beat
Luxury, 4-2; Articulate beat Vagrant, 11-6:
Fenll beat Reckless Acrobat, 0-8; Haphazard
beat Renegade Apache. 10-7; Mickey Free beat
Melrose. 22-10; Red Rock beat Klttleman. 6-4;
Consort beat Snapper Garrison. 5-1; Bonnie
Pasha beat Ella May. 8-0; Flora Belle beat
Vina. 6-1; Ragged Actor beat lone Hill, 3-2;
False Alarm beat Reno, 6-4; Barge beat Royal
Archer. 4-2; Dorothy M beat Yankee Boy, 6-0;
Menlo Park beat America. 6-5.
The results of yesterday's running, with
Judge Andrew Dean's official scores, fol
low;
California Futurity— Wild Bill beat Wild
Btar. 17-9; Cubanola beat Fair Flying, 12-2;
Rocklin Boy beat Fretter 24-5; Boots beat
Raby Aurora. 4-3; Homestead Boy beat Gun
fire. 8-5; Irvlngton Tralee beat Tom Keene,
7-2; Duhallow beat Freeport, 16-2; Amandan
beat Sacramento Lass, 14-0; Fancy Free beat
Dartaway. 17-4; Mountain Poet beat Rocker
Arm. 4-2; Sweet Virginia -beat "Beauty Gold,
8-3; Free From Flaw beat Progreso, 14-5; Cre
mo beat Young Hoffman,, 0-2; Donnybropk
beat Our Motto, 15-9; Richard Anton beat Ml
Amigo, 8-0; Manhattan King beat Capitol Girl,
12-2; Merry Go Round beat Humbug, 14-0;
Hinnle Horgan beat Little Gene. 24-2; Fair
Tralee beat Chuchu, 6-3; McVey beat PlougH
man, 13-10; Racing Auto beat Irish Lad, 4-3;
Queen's Motto beat Finoola, 13-11; Ragtime" a
bye.
California Futurity-^-Cubanola, Boots. Irving
ton, Tralee, Amandan. Fancy Free. Free From
Flaw, Cremo, Richard Anton, Minnie Horgan,
Fair Tralee, Ragtime; Queen's Motto a bye.
Open Ftake— Dear Gaston, Cluster, Vandal,
Honest John, Game Bag, Palo Alto, Gambit,
Liberator, Haphazard. Red Rock, Bonnie
Pasha, Flora Belle. Barge, Menlo Prince.
>Iateh race — Rector to beat Pocatelll.
Our Motto was beaten in a peculiar
manner. She led Donneybrook ' to the
hare, which she caught on the fly. Her
hold was Insecure and the hare escaped.
The pair of dogs then ran for one min
ute and thirty seconds, Donneybrook fin
ally winning by a score of 15 to 9. •
The jup-country coursing men held their
own *-ith the leashmen of this district.
M. C. Delano of Rocklin, F. P. Clark of
Stockton and P. J. Horgan of Concord
each have two or more representatives
still in the running.
The likely winners to-day look to be:
BlcVey hardly ran up to the expecta
tions of his admirers. The son of Fetter
Free found it difficult to beat Ploughman
in a course lasting one minute and thir
teen seconds. . The score was 13 to 10.
He meets Fair Tralee in the first course
this morning and a great trial is ex
pected. . . r"'. ¦
Mi Amigo, one of the most promising
candidates in the stake, was beaten by
Richard Anton in the shortest course of
the day. The trial lasted fifteen seconds
and the score was 3 to 0. Mi Amigo was
never able to get into his stride and did
not do htonself Justice. He was a 1 to 5
choice in the betting.
T. J. Cronln's* Fair Tralee, which was
conceded to beHhe class of the 'stake un
til he was injured recently, appeared and
ran like a champion. If the running to
day does not aggravate -the wound on his
foot he is believed to have a royal chance
for the stake. He ran but twenty-three
seconds in his trial yesterday with Chu
chu. . • ' . ¦ ,
The first round of the California Cours
ing* Futurity was run j-esterday at Union
Park. The trials': averaged one minute
in length and tested the stamina and the
gameness of somo of the -young grey
hounds severely."..'/
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ft. Fin.
13 to 5— Lord Turco, 102 (Deeouza) 6 4 1 %
C to 5— Ldy Potentate, 105 (Filer) 9 5 2 1^
8 to 1— Namtor. 106 (Bullman)... 1 -2 3 1%
Time, 1:54 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, W. C. Smith's b. c. by Lord IXartlnc
ton-Turcok. Stonewall 105, Early Eve 103.
Gavlota 90, Knight of the Garter 101, Carroll
D 101, Setauket IOC, Candling 101. also ran.
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs, maiden
two- year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6 to 1 — Silver Days. 110 (Cochrhe) 12 In
11 to B— Orthodox, 110 (Bullman).. 2 8 2 1%
15 to I— Bneer. 107 (C. Smith) 7 6 3 h
Time, 1:12%. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, J. B. Haggin's b. c. by Montana-
Golden Days. Crown Prince 110, Monadnock
110, St. Gallen 110. Sir Carter 107. Commonetta
107, Silex 100r Gypsy Ben 107, Telephone 110,
Ogontza 101, Arthur 110, Aqua 110, The De
posed 110, also ran. '•:¦
FIFTH RACE — About six furlongs, '.for
maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
4tj to 1— Southerner, 113 (Coburn) 6 8 11
40 to 1— Fort Plain, 110 (Bolesen) 7 9 2 h
100 to 1 — Sonoma Belle, 107 (Frmn) 5/5 3 1
Time, 1:11 4-6. Start poor. Wort driving.
Winner. R. W. Walden'a br. e. by Tho Com
moner-Vie. Rlverdale 110, Tithonic 108, Raider
108, Pol Roger 110, Mohican HO. Miss Shylock
107, Southampton 110, Prince Vic 107, Berosa
110, Vibrator 110, Gamey 110, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles.
The Oriental handicap, for three-year-olds and
upward :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 to 1 — Chaa. Klwood, 104 (O'Neill) 1 1 13
6 to 1 — Kiver Pirate. 95 (Red fern). 3 2 2 1%
9 to 1 — Hunter Raine. 106 (Fuller) 2 5 3 1%
Time, 2:06, 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. B'. Haggln'a ch. c. by Prestonpans-
Chetah. Caughnawaga 114, McChesney 130,
also ran.
THIRD RACE — About elx furlongs. The
Prospect handicap, for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. Bt. %. Fin.
7 to 2 — Sweet Gretchen, 111 (Bull
man) 2 2 11
20 to 1 — Race King, 114 (Gannon) 1 1 2 %
8 to 1 — Memories, 114 (Odom) 3 3 3 h
Time, 1:09 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner* J. W. Schorr's br. f. by Flying Dutch
man-Battle Bell. Divination 111, 8t. Valen
tina 118, Turquoise Blue 115, Batts 05, Lux
embourg 111, Masedo 92, Jacquln 108 al9O ran.
SECOND RACE— About two and a quarte*
miles, steeplechase, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
5 to 1 — Caller, 150 (Donoughue) . . . 0 113
5 to 1 — Baron Pepper, 140 (Dayton) 2 2 2 3
8 to 5— Judge Phillips, 150 (O'Brln) 4 5 S 15
Time, 4:58 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. E.WIdener'B b. g. by Tamr^iny-
Caledonla. Gascar 130, Step Lightly 156, Jim
Newman 153, also ran.
| GRAVESEND RACETRACK, Sept. 26.
—Of all shocks j to public racing form,
that furnished 'by the result of the Ori
ental handicap to-day, at" the Gravese^id
racecourse was the most, notable, besides
costing the public untold thousands of
dollars. The We3tern crack', McChesney,
finished absolutely last of the five start
ers, the race being won by James B. Hag
gin's three-year-old colt, Charles Elwood,
carrying 104 pounds. Percy Belmont'a
River Pirate, also a three-year-old, with
95 pounds up, was second; E. R. Thomas'
Hunter Raine, . 106 . pounds, third: John
Sandford's- Caughnawaga, 114 pounds,
fourth; E. E. Smathers' McChesney, 130
pounds, last. The time, 2:06 1-5, was very
good for tho state of the track, which
was deep In dust.
Caller won the steeplechaae, but tie
race was nothing like as exciting or as
satisfactory as some others run at this
meeting.
Lord Turco,, which was the best public
performer in the sixth event, won it by
a half length from Lady Potentate, which,
as usual in. her races, closed very fast in
the stretch. Summary:
: FIRST RACE— About six furlongs, selling::
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Pin.
5 to 1— Black Fox. 110 (Bullmn) 3 113
3H lo 1 — Counterpoise, 99 (Desuza) 6 2 2 %
2 to 1— Music, 104 (O'Neill) 7 .3 3 h
Time, mo. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Featherstone'8 blk. g. by St. George-
Maria Jensen. Eva Russell 110, Princess Tu
lane 100, Klsie L 109, Locket 101, Mary Worth
98, Allan 105, Queen Elizabeth 107. Julia Jun
kins 98, TreBDaas 09, Forward 101, May Al
len 04. also ran.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
McOhesney, a Top-Heavy Fa
vorite, Finishes Back in j
¦ > the Ruck. . - i
Up Country Coursing Men
Hold Their Own in Fast
Competition.
Charles Elwood Leads
Field in Oriental }:
Handicap.
It Is Thought That Fair
Tralee Has a Good
Chance To-Day.
FUTURITY HOUNDS
IN HARD TRIALS
CALIFORNIA COLT
RUNS GOOD RACE
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.— At the end
of the second day's play of the first in
ternational test cricket match between
the teams of All-Philadelphia and the
Kent County eleven of England to-day
the visitors resumed their batting-, but
the bowling of King was so good that the
Englishmen could not withstand the at
tack and although 55 had been made over
night for the lors of only three wickets
the entire side was disposed of for 13. The
Quakers in their second venture scored
l'Ji. The visitors must score 191 runs to
win.
International Test Cricket Matcn.
The California Yacht Club will hold its
annual handicap race for the Vincent cup
end prize flag to-day over a course start-
Ing off the Alameda narrow gauge mole.
The first yacht will start at 12 noon and
the last at 1 p. m.
The yachts In class A and their racing
lengths In feet are the sloops Dewey,
19.55 feet; tho finkeel Mistral. 19.CS feet;
the sloop Alice, 19.02 feet; the sloop Zada,
15.C9 feet, and the yawl Witch, 20.49 feet.
In class C are the sloop Surprise, 27.85
feet; the sloop Halcyon, 2S.90 feet; the
eloop Curlew, 2S.S5 feet, and the sloop
Juanita, £5.29 feet. In the special class
are the yawl Royal, 29.60 feet, and the
yawl Wave, 21.97 feet.
In class D are the flagship Thetis. S3.31
feet; the sloop Queen, 34.66 feet, and the
Eloop Ariel, S9.05 feet. In class E are the
eloop Annie, 46.09 feet; the schooner
Chispa, £3.25 feet, and the schooner White
Wings.
The race will be under the management
cf pie regatta committee, consisting of
George E. Smith, chairman; J. B. Lev
ensaler and H. L. Spencer. The finish
will be across the starting line off Powell
ttrcet wharf.
The yachts will start across the line off
Powell-street wharf at 11:40 a. m. t the
preparatory gun being fired ten minutes
learlier. The yachts of the fleet are di
vided into five classes, class A including
the twenty-one footers, class C the thir
ty-footers, class D the forty-footers and
class E all boats having a length of more
than forty feet. There is also a special
class for yawls.
The annual regatta, of the San Francisco
Yacht Club will take place to-day over a
course in the channel estimated at four
teen nautical miles. The small yachts in
class A will sail over a shorter course,
estimated at nine and a half miles.
Vincent Cup Is the Prize of
tho California Club
Sailors.
San Francisco Club Men
Will Hold Annual
Regatta.
YACHTS TO SAIL
CHANNEL COURSE
UNCLE TRIUMPHS
IN THIRTEENTH
Game Closes With Fight
Between Townsend
and Umpire.
Two Errors in Sixth Round
Cost the Senators a
Victory.
Four extra rounds had to be clipped off
yesterday at Recreation Park ere Uncle
Hank could call the game his. It might
have belonged to Fisher but for the er
rors which his cohorts committed. At all
events it was a great game of ball- and It
broke up with a fight between McDonald
and Townsend. Score,' 3 to 2.
Excitement was there all the time, but
It remained for the last period to Curnish
the genuine stuff. Irwln was on second
when Krug pounded the ball to center
field. The ball came right to the plate,
but curved away from Graham at the last
minute, giving Irwln a chance to slide
in safely.
The ire of the entire Senatorial band
was aroused at McDonald's verdict and
they began to swarm around the official.
As soon as Graham had finished making
his little talk, Cy Townsend butted in and
made a pass at the umpire. This was the
signal for a general uproar and for a
moment it looked like an old time fight.
McDonald showed bis real lighting spirit
by making a rush at Townsend and he
would have probably finished the big first
baseman with a few good wallops had
not Tommy Leahy and Mike Fisher step
ped between him and" his Intended victim
ajid prevented a scrap which seemed due.
All the way through the game was a
dandy. The Senators would have won,
3 to 0, if Fitigerald )and Townsend had
not made errors in the sixth which feave
the home team Its start of two runs. Ir
win led off with a hit and Krug dropped
a Elow ona to Fitzgerald. He lost his
bearings for a minute and threw the ball
away to second. This allowed Irwln to go
to third and Krug to take second.
Then Pabst bit an easy one to Egan.
The ball was fielded nicely to Townsend,
but the latter dropped it and then picked
it up in a hurry. Pabst arrived at the
bag- just then and the umpire called him
safe. The two runs came in during the
mlxup and the score was tie for seven
innings.
Fitzgerald and his opponent, Jimmy
Whalen, pitched great ball all the time.
The Sacramento twirler had a shade the
better of the argument, but he spoiled
his chances by making the disastrous er
ror at the critical, moment. The fielding
on both sides was rapid and clean. The
ecore:
San Francisco— I Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Lynch.lt 6 0 2 3 0 Casey,2b 6 2 2 3 6
Meny, rf 5 0 0 4 0 Hldhd. If 4 0 1 5 0
Irwin.3b 6 2 3 2 1 McLln.rf 5 0 12 0
Krugr, cf 6 1 2 4 0 Euan, s 5 0 2 3 5
Leahy, c 5 O 1 3 Sirwnsd.lb 5 O O 16 0
Pabst.lb 4 0 1 22 0 Shean.3b 9 0 0 2 3
Dims. 2b 5 0 2 0 6 Doyle, cf 8 0 1 3 1
Rymnd.s 4 0 116 Grham, c 4 0 1 3 2
Whlen, p 5 Oil 0 8 Fltzgld.p 5 0 0 12
Totals 46 3 13 39 25 Totals 44 2 8*38 19
•Two out when winning- run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.-
Sacramento 0 001010000000—2
Base hits 0 002120101010—8
Ban Francisco. ...0 00002000000 1 3
Base hits 2 20111002010 S — 13
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Casey, Egsn. Errors — Towns
end. Raymond, Krus. Fitzgerald, Doyle, Del
mae. Two base hit — Casey. Sacrifice hit* —
Meany, Graham. Hildebrand. First base on
Errors — San FrancHsco, 1: Sacramento, 1. First
base on called balls — Off Fltrrerald, 1. Left
on bases— San Francisco, 7; Sacramento, 5.
Struck out— By Whalen, 2; by Fitzperald, 3.
Double plays— Graham to- Egan. Sheehan to
Ca»ey to Townsend. Casey to Egan to Towns
end. Time of came — 2:20. Umpire — McDonald.
OAKLAND BATTERS IN FORM.
They Fatten Their Averages at the
Expense of Pitcher Hall.
LOS AXGELES. Sept. 26.— If Hall had
Intended to help the Oaklanders fatten
their batting averages and win a game,
his delivery could not have been more to
their liking than it was to-day. The big
pitcher got the worst drubbing he has
ever taken since his advent, in fast com
pany. Nineteen hits netted the visitors
ten runs. Graham could not be hit af
ter the third inning. Score:
Los Angeles — Oakland —
AD. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. p. A.
Hoy.cf. . 3 10 3 0 O 1 Hara,cf4 12 2 0
\Vhler.2b 5 12 3 3 Devrx.ss. 4 2 3 0 0
Pmith,3b 3 0 11 l;Pcwtz.2b 5 2 114
I~f.ies.lb. 5 1 1 11 O;Mudck.rf 3 10 3 0
Cravth.rf 4 O 1 2 0;Krugr.1f. 5 2 2 3 O
Boss.lf.. 4 0 0 1 OJMsrly.lb. 5 1 4 8.1
S"oman.s8 3 0 10 2.Mkmn,3b 5 0 2 3 2
Hurlbrt,C 4 0 16 2;Gorton,c. 4 0 2 5 0
Hail. p.. . 4 0 10 4 Crabm.p. 4 13 2 1
Totals 35 3 8 27 12 Totals 39 10 10 27 ~8
• - RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits 0 13 10 0 1 2*0—8
Oakland 1 0 1 0 5 2 0 1 0 — 10
Base hits 2 3 2 16 1 1 2 2-19
summary: i -
Stolen base — Wheeler. " Errors'— MTieeler, To
man. Hall, Gorton. Three-base hit — Cravath.
Two-base hits — Devereaux, Krug-er, Mosklman.
First base on balls — Off Graham, 7: oft Hall.
2. Struck out — By Graham 2, by Hall 3. Left
on bases — Los Ang-eles, 11, Oakland 12. Dou
ble play — Wheeler to Spies. Sacrifice hits —
Devereaux, Schwartz, Murdock, Oraham. First
base on errors — Oakland 3. Balk — Graham.
Hit by pltchcr^-Smlth, Gorton, Devereaux.
Time of game — 2 hours 10 minutes. Umpire —
O'ConnelL
Pitchers Are Hard Hit.
SEATTLE. Sept 2C— Blewett was hltVard
to-day and received miserable support. Shields
•was taken out in- the eighth after two triples
and a sinsle had been madron! him. Loucks
shut Seattle out without a hit during- the re
mainder of the came. Score:
'*'*-¦ ¦- R H ¦ F
Seattle ..0 02020080—77 9
Portland .0 1404010 0—10 11 2
Batteries — Blewett and Byera; Shields,
Loucks and Bhea. Umpire — Levy.
OLYMPIC CLTJB DIRECTORS
APPOINT NEW CAPTAIN
Max Rosenfeld, an Active Athlete,
Succeeds William Mackie Who ¦
Has Resigned
William Mackip, captain of .the Olympic
Athletic Club during the past year, has
resigned owing to pressure of business.
The directors have appointed Max Rosen
feld to the vacancy.
The selection gives general satisfaction
to the members, as Mr. Rosenfeld has
been actively identified with the club for
years. He was a football player at Stan
ford University and has been a boxer and
a handball player. He was also manager
of the Olympic Club baseball team.
Mr. Rosenfeld is already planning sev
eral club outings to be held before winter
sets in.
Automobilist Breaks Two Records.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept 26.— Georgo
C. Cannon broke two world's records for
steam automobiles this afternoon at Nar
ragansett Park, succeeding in the feat. in
which he failed a week ago. He cut the
mile record of 1:02 f-5 to 1:01 flat, and
after a half, hour's rest he went after. the
five-mile record of 6:05 established by-him
self last year and made a new mark of
5:56 3-5. Time by miles. 1:131-5, 1:112-5,
1:12 1-5, 1:11 3-5, l:QSl-5.
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE FIELD AND THE WATER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
Time, 1:41 2-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, F. Cook's ch. c. by Lrln<Jen-EUa H. . Brush
By 108, Plrateer 108. Alfred C 107, also ran.
Time, 1:28. Start good. Won eased up. Win
ner, K. Cook's . ch. . c by Requital-Eng-lish
Lady. Proceeds 123, Lanark 98, Dorfce 102,
also ran. ¦' . , • ?
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth'mllei;
handicap:. » -
Betting- Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
3 to 2 — By Ways, 102 (Wilson).. Ill 1
80 to 1 — Fingal. 90 (Robbins).... S 2 2n
0 to 10— Hargis, 111 (Relft) 2 4 3 6
Time, 1:64 2-5. /Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. C. Hlldreth'sb. f. by Kingston-Belle of
Maywood. Dutch Carter 90, Bard Burns "02.
also ran. ' ,
FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
purse n.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey/ St % Fin.
6 to 5— Delagoa, 104 ( Wilson)/... 2 2 In
7 to 2 — McGee, 101 (Buchanan).. 3 3 2 h
13 to B — Toah. 104 (Adklns) 1,1 3 8.
Time. 1:19 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's b. f. by Klngston-
Khodesla. Ancke 98,. Pronta 104, also ran.
SIXTH ' RACE— One mile;. 'purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 10 — Linguist. 115 (Dominick). 11 12
9 to 2 — Sydney C. Love. Ill (Rob
bins) 2 2 2 4
6 to 1— Early. 104 (Wonderly) . . . . 4 3 3h
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Redan. 107 (Reiff) 3 111
7 to 2— Best Man, 105 (Buchanan) 9 2 2 4
8 to 1— Paul Whaley. 104 (H.
Phillips) 1 e 32
Time, 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. CorriKan's b. g. by Artillery-Princess
Norettl. Automaton 110, Zlbla 104, Ethel
Wheat 109, Zyra 106. Frivol 103, Old Hutch
107, Evening Star 106. Eva's Darling 104, Mat
tie SDencer 104, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.' St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Paulaker, 138 (Seaton) ft 2 1 h
G to 1— Falella, 141 (C, Johnson). 2 12 4
10 to 1— Ceylon, 160 (MeMahon)... 1 8 3 h
Time. 2:57 2-8. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. R. Bradley's b. g. by Aloha-
Pink H. Galba 140, Indian II 149, Handvlce
147, Bcenio 132, also ran; Duke of York 157
fell; First Past 132 ran out.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; Fall handi
cap: -•
liettlng-. Horse. Weig-ht. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
8 to 5— English Lad, llO(Dranick) 2 2 1 1«
Even— Auditor. 123 (Robbins) . .'. 18 24
15 to 1— J. P. Mayberry, 115 (H.
Phillips) 8 .1 8 1'
CHICAGO, Sept. 25.— Fred Cook's en
try, English. Lad,- in receipt of seven
pounds from Captain S. B. Brown's colt,
Auditor,, won the fall handicap at Haw
thorne on "get away".'day. ,j. P. May
berry, at 15 to 1, after setting: all. the pace,
finished third.-beating Proceeds a-lensth.
English Lad proved easily the best
Dominick rated -along in last place -to the
far. turn, then came away and won as he
pleased.
Duke of York II, the great California
jumper, was put to death after breaking
his leg in the steeplechase. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Duke of York II, Well-Known
California Jumper, Will.
v Race No More, j
Cook's Colt Disposes of
Auditor in
Fashion. _
ENGLISH LAD'S
FALL HANDICAP
SIXTH RACE— One mile; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Evea G, 104 (F. Smith).. 2 113
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Durse:
Betting. Horse. Weight.- Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5 — Quaker Girl. 97 (Shea) . . 4 2 1 b
8 to 1 — Columbia Girl. 101 (Jhnsn) 5 12 1%
7 to 1— Inirolthrift, 104 (C. Miller) 7 4 3 n
Time, 1:15H- Start good. Won driving:.
Winner, W. M. Roeers' br. f. by Montana-
Demure. . Scalper 105. Athena 101. Hcney Bee
101, Woods Perry 101, Judge Denton 100. also
ran. ' 1
FOURTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
Nlmrod stakes: .
Bettinsr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 20— A. D. Glbson.106 (Austn) 3 1 • 1 1%
11 to 6— Dave Sommers, 91 (Shea) 1 3 2" %
11 to B — Hllee. 103 (J. Sheehan). 2 2- S
Time 1:21. Start good. Won easily. 'Win
ner, w. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. h. by Favor-
Kate Pelletier.
- THIRD RACE— Six furlon«; sellln*:
Bettln?. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1 — King- Rose, 105 (Sheehan) 7 5 1 n
12 to 1 — Sid Silver. 101 (J. Taylor) 4 2 2 2
8 to 5 — Vestry, . 109 (D. Austin) . . 9 4 3 2
Time, 1:15%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Hlckey Bros.' b. c. by Kins: Erlc-
Prlncess Rose. Dynasty 111. MIsa Manners
100, Ethel. Davis 107, Lady Idrls 104, Jean
Gravler 104. True Blue 107, One More 107.
Curd Glllock 107, also ran.
SECOND RACE— On« mile and geventy
yards; selllnc:
Betting: Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
.3 to 1 — Rengaw, 09 (Livingston). 3 114
15 to 1 — Wilhelmlna. 9T (Plunket) 5 2' 2 S
8 to 1— Hegira, 94 (George) 4 4 3 n
Time, 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Win.
ner, J. A. Johnson's br. g. by.Wagner-Favecla.
Silver Fizz 104. Nettle Regent 104, Baronet
1O1. Decoration 92, Bernota. 110, Charles C 104.
also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 26.^-The ' NImrod
stakes, a selling sweepstakes at six and
a half furlongs, was to" have^been the
feature of Delmar's seven' races this af
ternoon.-but only three starters faced tho
barrier. *W. W. Darden & Co.'s A. D.
Gibson was a heartty playcd-favortte irr
the betting at 1 to 3. Hilee and Dave
Sommers, the other two starters, were
coupled in the betting: as the Elliott en
try.
From a spectacular standpoint the
sixth race, a handicap at a mile, was the
most interesting. Evea G, the California
mare, was again returned a winner.
An ideal day and an excellent card
brought out a crowd of 5000 persons. Tha
track was, fast Summary: . *
m FIRST ItACE — Six furlongs; •ellln*:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1 — Bpncourt, 102 (Perkins).. 12 2 1 h
12 to C — Irena Mac. 08 (Shea) 8 S 2 3
© to 1— Tangent, 104 (J. Sheehan) 9 7 3 n
Time. 1:18. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. S. Brattcn'a b. t. by Newcourt-
Lizzle Montrose. Stub 101, Weird 107.. La
cache 106 Lady Draper 100. Helen Hay 101.
Hemlock 66, Whiten 104. Zirl 107. Eliza Cook
107. also ran. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE— One and a quarter inlle«;
¦elltne:
Betting. Horse, Weight. JVwkey. St. Fin.
5 to 1 — Last Knlxht. 103 (Hejiesy) 6 114
9 to 9 — The Bobby, 101 (Sayers).. 2 5 2 4
10 to 1 — W. B. Gates. 107 (Shehan) 4 4 3 3
Time, 2:00. Start good. Won raslly. Win
ner. II. A. Engman's br. c. by Free Knlght-
Nilety. Kunja 90. False OC, Dr. Hart 103,
Cautious 30. also ran.
Consolation rtak\ first round — Shadow beat
Piker, 6-4: MIsa Wllaon beat Yukon. 4-3: Cn*
beat Anner Boy, 6-O: Orsina beat Oi.l Eyes.
7-6; Young Johnnie Rex a bye: Ha^dington
beat Moonbeam. 14-6; Equator beat Harvey M.
8-2: Rienzi beat Roxana. 10-7; Lady Menld a
bye; Little Lucy beat Roulette. 9-8; Marguer
ite beat Anchor. 17-4; Rock and Rye beat In
truder. 10-6: Cosette beat Flower of Kerry.
6-O: Jingle Bella beat Mountain Light. 20-7;
Greenhall beat Little Jennie. 8-0; Prometheus
beat Alababa. 12-7; J E II beat Rich Arsosy,
B-0: Yellow Tail beat Bonnie Hughie, 10-7;
Fannie Hughle beat Rose Tree, 6-3; Our Myra
beat Honor Bright. 6-1.
4 to 1— Flintlock. 104 (Shea) 3 3 23
0 to 1— Aladdin, 104 (J. Sheehan). 1 5 3 Hi
Time. 1:41. Start good. Won easily, win
ner Mrs. J. Coffey'i ch. f. by Juvenal-Sister
Geneva. Bessie McCarthy 101, Silurian 104,
Bummer II 102. also ran.
• Outside of a few 3 to 1 shots coznir.?
through the coursing: was ot an". unusually
even character. The hares were lively
enougtt to" keep the" hounds on a steady
go and It was nothing out of tha run of
things to see the jacks beat their pursuers
to the escapes. The remaining dogs are
so evenly matched that both events are
an open guess. Following are the day's
results with Judee Thomas Tiercey'a of
ficial scores: 1
Open stake. first round — Medley beat
Shadow. 8-1; Dorcen beat Piker. ls-T. Whisr^r
beat Yukon. 3-2: October Lad beat iliss Wil
son, 3-2; Roy Hujhie beat Anner Boy io-2-
Pepper Jack beat Una. 7-4; H-sper beat Or-
Bina, 11-8; Rockefeller beat Otld Ey»s. 8-5-
Pure Pearl beat Young Johnnie- Rex,' 8-5'
Laughins Water beat Adonis. «L4; Pa*ha
Pleasant beat Haddinston. 4-0; Rcyal Friend
beat Moonbeam, 7-0; L»oc Burns beat E.-jua'or
10-3; Kinjfs Pride beat Harvey M, 7-5; Wedsel
wood beat Rlenzi. 6-1; OnwarU Maud beat
Roxana. 6-3: Maid of the Glen beat L*jy
Mer.lo. 5-3: Little Plunger beat Old Iroajiu/
8-4; Commercial Traveler beat Roulette S-^-
Jerry "Wright beat LJttlo Lucy, 7-4; Tocsy
Tprvy beat Marguerite. 12-8; TheUs beat An
chor, 6-0; Lulu Glri beat Intruder. 6-3; Conrcy
beat Rock and Rye. 0-3: Bob R beat Flower o|
Kerry. 12-6; Belfast beat Cosette, 5-3- Homer
Boy beat Jingle Bells. 5-O: Special beat Moun
tain Light. 4-3; Tom Hurllck beat Greenhail
9-5; Black Flush beat Baby Jennie, 8-7; Flora
Bird beat Alababa, 8-4; Reta 8 beat Prome
theus. 4-0; Idaho Boy beat Rich Argosy 4-3-
Black Coon beat J E n. 10-2; Sofala beat Tel
low Tail, fl-0; Gold Lily beat Bonnie HugMe
6-2; General de Wet beat Fannte lluj?h!e. «-4-°
Young Buck beat Rose Tree. 6-0; Clarice b*»at
Our Myra, 7-3; Pepper mil beat Honor Brfeht
C-0.
At .Ingleside Coursinff Park yesterday
an open stake of eighty entries was rua
down once, followed by one round of a
consolation event for dogs beaten la the
first trials. ¦
34
APVmiTISElIENTS.
O. C. JOSLEN, M. D., v
The Leading Specialist.
I make a definite proposal to wait
for my fee until you are satisfied
that your cure is complete. This,
of course, indicates that I have un-
limited confidence in my ability. 5
but I want you to have other and
Better reasons for choosing me as
your physician. I want you to con-
Eider my vast experience and my
unequaled success as a specialist.
For more than fifteen years I have
been curing- cases just like yours,
and have built up a practice that Is
by far the largest of its kind west
of Chicago. Every method of treat,
ment I employ is original and
marks a distinct advance In medl-
c&i science. Surely, considering all
these things, you will not remain
undecided as to what physician can
serve you best. j
I "WEAKNESS" > 1
There is no other physician treating t
functional weaSuiess by my method or f,
obtaining results that even resemble «
complete and permanent cures. I em- I
ploy no tonics, stimulants or - electric H
belts. |J
"VAMCOCELE" |
No caostlc, no cutting. "Mild and I!
palr.leM treatment that restores com- H
plcte health and tone to the weakened 6)
I and dilated veins In one week's time, t
I Cannot fe.il. PJ
. i I cure Contracted Disorders. S
a Specific Blood Poison, Stricture, 1
I etc by equally advanced meth- G
I ods. I will mall you free my n
B pampfi'et. "Live A: I Your Years a I]
H Man." Write for IL Consulta- If
|| tlon free at office or by mall, ||
H ani so Is colored chart of the U
\ sexua] organs. H
I] Dr. 0. C. Joslcn 9
(i Cor. Market and Kcsrny Sts. y
[j Private Entrance, 702 Market Street. 9
'£$'& . ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
/^ — The best known arid most popular blood purifier I
teTgrp^^, and tonic on the market to-day is S. S.- Si .
'.,- There is hardly a man, > woman or child in America who
has not heard of "Si S. S. for tho blood." It is a standard remedy,
a specific for all blood troubles and unequalled as a general tonic and
appetizer. S. S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable, the herbs and roots
of which it is composed are selected for their alterative and tonic prop-
erties, making it the ideal remedy for
all blood and skin diseases, as it not > FB0M
only purifies, enriches and in vigor- CONGRESSMAN LIVINGSTON,
ates the blood, but at the same time op OEOKaiA. '
tones up the tired nerves and gives aa^? 1 ?' w " ot the Btioc««»fai use of
Strength and vigor to the entire Wo^remfdyYn^marLu "" *"*
system. . . ••
For . Chronic Sores ; and* Ulcers, ; ; ¦ pbom
Catarrh, Rheumatism, Blood Poison, EX-GOV. ALLEN D. OANDLEE.
Malaria, Anaemia^ Scrofula, Eczema, . : s. s. s. is unquestionably ' a rood
Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Tetter, Acne eSr u ?e? fler ' and tho best touLo X
and such other diseases as are due to a
polluted or impoverished condition of the blood, nothing acts so promptly
and efiFectually y as i S. S. S. , It counteracts and eradicates the germs
and poisons ; cleanses the system of all ' unhealthy "accumulations and '
soon restores the patient to. health. Write us and bur^physicians will
give your case prompt attention without charge. ,
WE SWiFT SPECIFIC CO« ATLANTA. GA» J
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,.,.,,,-»-,
Vm %Jwt^SK«7iH^" j» I I ¦" y^^ m^T *^^^^^— <3kS MK1L. m*. It a m a p^F ¦• j I fcJr i ¦ SS^SPCKL I ' I 1
R tiiB^ few*** ./%••* m 4 Wj J\ Jt f? . * \ Hjrf^ ScX tiH 25 3 ' Bfc / I ( 1 1 ' i^'^'Wtiui^i j I J
U flrof^yr *** "*' *•* • • / mi m * * I AH^Jrfw \ JWcNp aE&BMB^3^K^PStta inEfluvvUSv I It
Kj iW^* 1 *** •*'" •/ Mm m trT J * "* \ ¦^AE^ feS* 1 tfifjvP^nL^j^^^y?t^ J 1 j
-Manjtiette stands first among the pioneers of the great
WeSwi;:,
Marquette Whiskey holds first place in the homes of |
IGRORffiES & ULLRICH, W. J. KEARNEY, /¦
Distillers, 400 Battery Street j
! . . CHICAGO, ILL. Telephone Main 536. . HAustria-Hungary has the longest fron
tier of any European nation, its frontier
Una being 2396 miles. Great Eritain has
2737 mile* of coast line.
Broad Jump— Magerstadt. C. 3 M. A.. an<I
Melvln. O. H. S.. tie: Vesper. O. H. S.. third.
Distance 10 feet 11% Inches
Shot put — Williams L. H. 'S.. first: Blake
more. B. II. S.. second. Distance. 41 feet 11 »i
inches.
High Jump— Magerstadt. C. S. If. A., first;
Hall. B. H. S.. second: Blakemore. B. H. S..
third. Distance. 5 feet 7 inches
12-pound hammer throw — Moullin. C. S. M.
A., first; Blakemore. B. H. S., second. Dis
tance. 137 feet 10'i Inches.
Th© following: were the officers of the
Starter — Cadogan. Timers — To-nklna. Brown.
Norton. Rhodes. Smith. Judges of finish —
James. Pond. Koch. Fisher. Referee^ — Everett
Brown. Clerk of course — Grindley. Assistant
— Button. Inspectors — Smllle. Hackley. Mont
gomery. Field Judges — McKUllcan. Wools^y
Meany. Measurers — Baccus. Inskeep. Drew,
"Weed. Scorer' — Krenx. Announcer — Gage.
One mile relay — Oakland High School, first;
Lowell Hlch School, second; California School
of Mechanical Arts, third. Time. 3:29 1-5.
Pole vault — Sperry. B. H. S.. first: Hutch
liuon. O. II. S., second; Moullln. C. S. M. A.,
third. Height, 0 feet 9 Inches.
220 yard hurdle: First heat— Sperry. B. H.
S.. first; Kohlberjr 1..' H. S.. second. Second
heat — Wilkerson. B. H. S., first; Dozier O. H.
S.. second. Third heat— Melvln. O. H. S.,
first; Mason. M. H. S.. second. Final — Sperry,
first; Melvin, second; Wllkenson, third. Time.
27 1-5 seconds.
220 yard dash : First heat — Mlddleton. O. H.
S.. first; Isgregsr, B. H. S.. second. Second
h*at— Beck. C. S. M. A., first; Shlelman O.
11^ S.. second. Final heat— Mlddleton. first;
Beck, eecond; Schlelman. third. Time, 24
seconds. : • \ —
Miller. B. H. S.. second; Tost I* H. S.,
third. Time. 2:07 2-5
10O yard dash — Schwartz. L. H. S.. first;
Vesper, O. H. S.. second; Mlddleton. O. H. S. t
third. Time. 10 2-5 seconds. .
120 yard hurdle— Sperry. B. H. S.. first; Mel
vin. O. H. S.. second; Dozier. O. H. S.. third.
Time. 17 seconds.
440 yard dash — Corenan, L. H. S.. first;
Dykes, B. >H S.. second; Jones. I*. H. S..
third. Time, 54 seconds.
The youthful athletes of the Bay Coun
ties Athletic League tampered with a few
more records yesterday at the eighth
semi-annual field day on the Berkeley
campus. Before it was all over two of
the cherished things had been tumbled
off -last year's shelf and smashed.
The heroes of the day were Sr>erry df
the Berkeley High School and De Mamiel
of the Lowell High School. Sperry was
easily king however, for he not only cut
four-fifths 6f a second off the Bay Coun
ties' 220-yard hurdle record, lowering it
to :27 1-5, but he won three .firsts for his
school. . De Mamiel centered all his ef
forts on the mile run and succeeded in
breaking his record of 4:48, reducing the
same to 4:47 3-5.
In the other events the work of the
athletes was ordinary and much of the
time made was far below the Bay Coun
ties* records. Schwartz of the Lowell
High School won the 50-yard and 100-yard
dashes without any trouble, but did noth
ing phenomenal in the way of fast run
ning.
Lowell High School won the field day
with 41 points, their opponents trailing
along lir. the ¦following' order: Oakland
High School, 39; Berkeley High School.
31; California School of Mechanical Art?,
27. The results follow:
60 yard dash: First heat— Schwartz, l>. ¦ H.
S first: Cope C S. M. A., second. Second
heat— Segal B*. H. S.. first: Whitman. O. H.
S second. --Final heat — Schwartz, first; Cope,
second; Segal, third. Time. 5 4-5 seconds.
Two-mile run— Maundrell. L. H. S.. first;
Meyer -L H. S.. second; Gibson, C. S. M. A.,
third. ' Time. 10:52 2-5. _ : - -
8S0 yard run— Dodson. C. S. M. A., first ;
High School Boys Set
Marks for Mile and
Hurdle Race.
Batteries — Z/undgr«n -and Raub; Plttlnger
Brooklyn 10 17 6
Batteries — Ewing and Peltz; Jones and Rit
ter. Umpire — Hurst.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26— Boston's stealing of
ba.«es and timely hitting after their thefts
defeated Chicago to-day. Raub was way off
on his throwing and eight bases were stolen
oft him, while Moran caught five of the locals'
¦even attempts at. pilfering. Boston had scored
two runs with none out In the first half of the
ninth, when the game was called en account
of darkness. Attendance, 6000. Score:
H. H. B.
Chicago 3 10 3
Boston 4 10 4
Philadelphia 7 14 0
Batteries — McFarland and J. O'Neill; Sparks
and Roth. Umpire — Moran.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 26. — Brooklyn took the
second frame of the series by hard and timely
hitting. Ewlng's delivery was no puazle after
the fourth inning: and the visitors pounded
him all over the field. The playlnv of Sheck
ard and Dobbs was the feature. Attendance
2300. Score: '
~ . R. H. E.
Cincinnati '. 7 10 3
FITTSBURG, Sept. 26.— Pittsbunj closed the
season by going down to defeat to the second
rlace team In a r>oor exhibition. The soore
should have stood 2 to 0 In New York's favor.
Errors and slow playing were responsible for
all the other runs. Attendance, 11,015. Score:
New York 4 g 3
Batteries— Kennedy and Phelps; McGlnnity
and Warner. Umpires — Emslle and Johnstone.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— JIcFarland's ineffect
iveness gave Philadelphia the first jrame of
the series here to-day. The Philadelphia bats,
men found him easy and* the result was never
In doubt. Attendance. 1400. Score:
St. Louis 2 9 1
Brooklyn by Timely Hitting Takes
Second Game of Series From
j* Axio^ al# league.
PITTSBUBQ PLAYS POOR
GAME WITH NEW YORK
RECORDS FALL
BEFORE RUNNERS
Cleveland ••• ....2 9 0
Philadelphia * " 1
Batteries — Rhoades and Bemls: Henley and
powers. . , » t "- ' ¦ 'f"'* : '
Twe nt y" flve nundred Mausers, intended
for Venezuela," were found in the Trinidad
Custom-house ... : .
Batteries— Winter and J. Stahl; Wright and
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 28.— Cleveland and
Philadelphia to-day began the final struggle for
ricond place. The visitors started out llxe win-
JfnJt failed to score after the first Inning.
nhMdes weakened in the eighth inning and the
locatswon. Attendance. 10.3W. Score:
-" .-' *'^ R- H. E«
BOSTON Sept. 26. — St. Louts won the first
eame^of a double header from Boston by a scoro
nf Cto 2 while Boston took the second. 8 to 2.
Th* first' game was a pitchers' battle until the
ninth when the visitors batted Young freely,
in the second came St. Louis could do little
with Winter's delivery. In ihe last half of
The eighth the tame was called on account of
darkness. Attendance. 6800. Scores:
First game— R- K -* E -
St. Lout « » 0
Boston ....2 10 3
Batteries— Slever and Shannon; Youns and
Cr l&d *am^-SS *Z&M
Boston • % " 2
St. Louis 2 8 z
Washington * ® \
Chicago 7 10 .-.:?¦
j^t^les — patton and Klttredse; Owen and
Sullivan. .
' WASHINGTON, Bept. 28.— Owen had th«
Washlnirtons at his mercy until the ninth ln
nlnr when he let down and they scored thrae
run!' Opportune batting by Chicago won the
Sme A double play unassisted by Clark was
the only feature. Attendance. 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— In a double header
here this afternoon the local Americans and
Detroits each won a game. In the first game
Griffith gave his new pitcher Atkins a chance,
but he lasted only three tnnlngs Wolfe re
lieved him and he also was batted hard. The
visitors won by the score of 13 to 8. Th« sec
™i «me went to the home club by 5 to 1.
*anU being called on account of darkness. At
tendance. 040O. Scores:
First game— K - "• *£
New York... J fi £
Detroit la ±( '
Batteries— Adklns. Wolfe and Bevllle; Mullln
and McGulre. R. H E.
Second came— «• «• *~
New York i B 1
Detroit ., ° X
Batteries — Howell, Bevllle and Zelusky;
Kane and Buelow.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept 26.-Terry Mc-
Govern and Lou Ryall. a local fighter,
sparred six rounds to-night at the Na
tional Athletic Club. McGovern was un
able to knock his opponent out, although
Ryall was floored several times.
and Moran. Umpire — O'Day
The naval academy was weak In team
work and the players were inexperienced.
The ends and baclcs were fspccuilly slow
and the punting poor. Stanford has im
proved wonderfully In all rcspect3 since
tho game with Reliance last week. The
line was strong to-day and the backs
played in first-rate form. If the improve
ment continues Stanford may yet have an
even chance of winning from California,
The line-up of to-day's game was:
Stanford. Positions. Naval Academy
Smith. Buttefleld L. E. R Ray
Sprott, Wellcr L. T. R Smollen
Thompson. I'axton . . . L. G. R Acuft
Ilauverman. Hyde Center
Frederlckson, Christy R. G. L, Bacht
StIHman, Shields R. T. L. Tople
Preston. Prentice.... R. E. L. Hull
Bansbach (captain),
Stott. Quarter Dare
G. E. Dole, Dave
Tarpey U H. B. R McCIure
W. Dole. P. Tarpey. R. H. B. L. Considine
Scholfield. Chalmers. . Fullback Jones
Umpire — F. W. Skinner. Referee — C. R. Le.
wers. Timers and linesmen— Lieutenant Knox
A. B. McGilvray. Fifteen-minute halves.
The new regulation allowing the quar
ter-back to run with the ball was tried
for the first time by the Stanf-jrd team
and resulted in several long- gains. The
varsity played a strong, fast \ game in
the first half, making three touchdowns
and two goals. In the second half an
Entirely new lineup, composed of second
team players, was put In an.l no score
v,as made, although the ball wa3 on the
naval team's five-yard line when time
was called.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
26.— The Stanford University foot
ball eleven defeated the Naval
Training Academy eleven from
Goat Island by a score of 17 to 0
to-day on the campus gridiron. The game
was characterized by spectacular end runs
iiade by the Stanford backs.
Reliance.
California.
Hudson R. E. L. Gochen-Baker
HeitmnUer-Forse...R. T. L Marten
Overall R. G. L. Gaffney
Stroud Center Cavanaugh
Stow »'... s L,. Ci. n Smock-O'Toole
Howard U T. It .Hamilton
Demerrtt U. E. R Lewitt
Bellcnap, Quarter Holt-Evans
Grav** II. H. L. Mueller
Whipple.... L.. H. R Geissler
Boynton-Sterns Fullback Atkinson-Graham
Umpir* — Douglas Erekine. Referee — Everett
Brown.
Positions.
ton, on bucks between guard and tackle,
but Reliance held' on its twenty-flve-yard
line. Finding bucking fruitless. Reliance
kicked to the fifty-yard line, where Bel
knap of the Berkeley team fumbled the
ball and Gochen, the speedy Reliance end,
captured it.
Again Berkeley was penalized for two
offside plays and after Ineffectual at
tempts at bucking the line was forced to
paps the ball back to Overall for a punt.
Overall placed the ball on Rellanco'c
twenty-yard line and It was carried ten
yards farther, when Reliance held and
punted the ball out of danger. Berkeley
forced the ball down again to the Re
liance thirty-five-yard line. Overall tried
for a field goal, but the ball was passed
too hieh for him and he fumbled. Gris
sler punted the ball out to Berkeley's
twenty-yard line and the whistle sounded
for the end of the half.
The second half was largely a repetition
of the first. Upon some fake kicks Berke
ley gained at times and she also made
ground by shifting the backs Into mass
formation behind the line. But Reliance
proved too 6trong to allow the collegians
to score and the game ended with the
ball In a fair catch by Gelssler on Berke
ley's thirty-five-yard line.
The line-up of the teams was as fol
lows:
INCIDENTS OF THE EXCITING GAME OP FOOTBALL PLATED ON
THE BERKELEY FIELD YESTERDAY BETWEEN THE COLLEGE
TEAM AXD RELIANCE. IN WHICH NEITHER SCORED.
31ELIANCE LUTE HOLDS.
The college players made some rank off-
Bid© plays and were duly penalized. Then
*hey tried the backs. Graves and Boyn-
Yesterday's game was enlivened by a
punting duel between Overall and Gels-
Eler. Time again the college team
would be forced to rely upon their cap
tain's footwork for gains and In every In
stance he lifted ihe ball a good forty
yards. Geissler, the old Stanford man.
distinguished himself by his able returns
of pverall's punts.
California took the kick-off In the first
half. Stow kicking the ball down to Re
liance's ten-yard line. Reliance tried
straight bucks without success and gave
the pigskin to Geissler to kick. After
vainly trying Reliance's line, Berkeley
kicked to Reliance's f|rty-yard line.
Berkeley's gam© was ragged. Their
chief fault seemed to lie In the lack of
team work sufficient to force the ball
through their opponents' line. Tackles
would Interfere with the backs In runs
around the end and If a hole was opened
la the line the backs would be painfully
elow In getting through it. At times the
fierce bucks of the Reliance would break
through Berkeley's tackles and ends as
If they were made of paper.
The wearers of the "C" felt certain
they would score at least on© touchdown
against the clubmen, but they had cal
culated without the Reliance. The bis
men with the maroon sweaters surprised
the college athletts by holding their line
at so safe a distance from the gcal that
only twice were the Berkeleyans within
striking 1 distance of It. At those times
the. Reliance line held until Gelssler. their
punter, could foot the pigskin out to a
safe distance.
In comparison with the game which the
cardinal put up against Reliance a week
&rt>, the University of California team
played much better ball. After the last
•whistle blew "Pete" Smith, the manager
cf Reliance, declared that had his men
put ux> a similar game against Stanford
they would have won by two touchdowns.
TEAM "WORK I.ACKINO.
day than was exhibited by the
>!ubmen and Stanford last week. Not
¦withstanding- the fact that th© Berkeley
team had enjoyed an extra week of train
ing, the fact that Reliance had been train
ing hard Bine© the Stanford game was
evinced by th© score. It stood 0 to 0 at
the end of two hard-fought twenty-min
ute halves.
A VASTLY suuerlor class of foot
ball "was put up on the Berkeley
campus between Reliance and the
University of California j-ester-
THE SAN IBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER S7, 1903.
Blue and Gold Players Show Ragged Form in Their Team Work
and Cannot Force the Ball Through Clubmen's Strong Line.
Stanford Defeats Naval Training Academy by a Score of 17—0
BERKELEY FAILS TO SCORE
AGAINST RELIANCE TEAM
35
¦ in — ¦!¦¦ »nr»»nii.iifi* M •¦¦owM-M-i-a-rntfci!!- fftMtrwiMtmtTTiiiu iimtiMiii-iimrH »*»
I *. V* DR. LAWRENCE'S WOJIDERPUl SEW niPnOVED 3
I VACUUvW DEVELOPER
i X&£JM/Z& FREE OX TE> DAYS' TK1AL AND APPROVAL. J
I "«» ><•«¦ Patented Perfect I)lnphra K m, un.l Other J
1 UTi?? 2 **^^ Improvements. «old «»nlj" by I «. . , H
mHo^mC ' Quickly Restores Lost Strength, Permanently Cures Vancoce>e. \
I $£££ 1 Drains, Stricture and Prostatie Troubles by a Simple HOME t
K H TREATMENT. tS
I The VACUUM DEVEHOPER stimulates and energizes tho r
I I I nerve forca and Induces a full and free circulation of blood nto
Ij the deblllUted parts, thus permanently Btrengthealng and aevelop- J
m I call or write for our &4-page Illustrated book No. «. showing the £
31 1 male system and explaining our perfected treatment. j-
<j{ (j ; Sent plain sealed fre«. , , '.
1? AH Dt»eaiie« of Men, Contracted Disorders, etc.. treated and A
m I il cured by our specialists, even when others fail. - ; j
EJL ! - Coniiultntlon Free and confidential, at offices or by mail. s
jB|g Hours— 0 a. m. to » p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to I p. m. Open C
CSS^ \ eveniDEs. Moner Required Until Cured. <
HEALTH APPLIAinCd CO., K
60'Forrell St M near Market St., 8an Francisco.^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
'free from colossus]
"lbwret' UNDERWEAR 1
FOR MEN AND PURE UNEN siockf tw/sted and knitied b y \
• tifAifPii ourselves into form-fitting, sightly and dur~ I
WUr/ltili i ¦ able garments, of high sanitary qualities. \
ii \r ATUT^HDIlVIl/' 11 PURE WOOL underwear |
KAIN I OllKIINK 77 WILL NOT LOSE ITS SHAPE |
ffigpgfi^mmmmg(ffjf l !S!TT ;i ' 4 *'** J '13 1 niB"" if^^'* -'fi-D and SOFTNESS In WASHING 0
Our Garments Fit, Comfort and Please. H
LADms* JACKETS | fe^^^> A. |
GYM SUITS, ETC. . , m * I
• KNITJriNGCD. I
open Saturdays tin 10:00 p. m 60 Geary St., San Francisco 1
L ,,¦.„,„ - _J9
..'_/ . . 'y '•" . ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
®e©©O®(J©OQ©O®OOO®OOO©@{IO3©e99O©OO©«SO©OO®O©GOO®O0OOOOOe0©©e©OO8OO9©OQ©OC©O®OOOOOOOGOOSCOO
¦ -•¦ . ¦ ¦ :*-Tt: '¦' ©
\ ; ' : ¦ ' .. . ¦ ' ¦ c •
! jfi^/rW And I'll Give You the . Name of Somebody |
.^rtP^^^ _^^^^ n ' '1 mm " ",' m t*^^^ 1 wr I ¦ I I H^m I I I I I 1 I H H III I I *^—^¦^'¦¦ i ¦¦ "***
** 1Z *^&**\ z'^^^Sk "~ You can talk with the men and women who have been cured q
\y -^"^^^x^ ( I j(9ftkJ» by my treatment, and that's worth Considering. I might preach ©
«\\\ < ** - \h y^Swxfe IfL Mf for years in my efforts to gather converts to my way of curing §
t^\VN^ Jj *J^J^G4z£3!fes!!hx>^ C\ mi!§him!r disease, and nobody would pay any attention to my arguments ; O
¦^^; \j/^'_^^^^^^^f^^^^^ >m ' Vi-if^^^r ut when J teI1 >' ou that have cured your neighbor, Mr. Guay, §
SbjJ j^fe^^^m^^^^^^s or your oI(^ ricnd » r - Hubbs, and you can go and ask them ©
' O^Tlk^^^^^^y^^^^^t^ JVL '^^^^W about me and they tell you that I cured them, then I have given j*
I y^^^^^mM^^^^^^!^ y° n P TO °f> and y° u know that I do all I claim. o
ij 'if |^^S|S^^ Ms And I want you to give me credit for what I prove. There's §
* mm nothing surer than the word of an honest man, and when such g
* W^^^^[ Wm iffill^il&iiiilr men as t^ iese a^ m i t tnat I nave cured them you know that I can o
I W"^ \\ 1 f/jm^^BIKIlli/u 0U ve n T° ma l es y° u know Mr. John B. Guay, who O
1 \ I i^^^^mmWMli suffered from one of the worst cases of stomach trouble that I &
» VV v I |g aiupm fflm have ever treated. He was reduced to almost a shadow of his <»
» V \ <lW////M$+ Piillln nffi M Dear Sir — One could not imagine the siege of suffering I passed through
1 1^1 'uMlmfl/h $w\ * 1 M from stomach trouble and rheumatism. I was subjected to severe druar o
) ill' ufmll/lr % ill' li ' I '11 treatment, stomach pump treatment and «liet treatment without the least re- Q
I ll 'I Tirltfffft Plil I V \ |! II '' CI- I S rcw disgusted '.vith them all. and as a las: resort tried ycur Belt two 9
1 VI if) luiMI'im 111 ill 'II ill years ago. In three days I could fling 1 away my cane, and in three months ©
> I •*! L._.T._ 'l!ilWM/J ' I rllV 1 J \<\ was a new man ' cnt i rel y cured, and felt far better than I had for vears. Sev- ®
> BiHimtiUhtefcw illllhj'//l lllnl \\ I il era^ °^ my r ' en^ s have since purchased your belts. I would not part with
> 'a^?XTiI^l7^W AliPWKwJ B'l 1 mine for v^ooo if I could not cet another. Yours truly, o
* J> liiS*WH 111 1 0HN B - GUAY ' Tomales Marin Co.. Cal. ©
) &?^ = f^"^^ffTflH^il[Nil ! I s as s ' m P^ e as anything- can be. I find a man suffering from ©
' ' 11^ M^^ stomach trouble, arising from a weakness of the organs of di- j*
> \ ij^lflliy^*^ gestion and assimilation. Now, what is the use of pouring q
{ dru|js into that poor stomach? It does not want drugs to force ©
» DR. McLAUGHLIN: an action. It wants strength. " q
; Dear Sir-When I came to vou last April for treatment, after having y on know there g not an organ £ the bodv which will not |
, wasted a great deal of time and money in a vain endeavor to get relief, my do fc u . f . { hag h You will never feel a O
> whole system was in a general debilitated condition. However, my -use of . r.-^ , t . , '• O
> - ....... .. , , , . ,. , .... ,: pain or a moment of distress unless some part of your bodv is X
v your Belt since the time mentioned has brought the most Rratifyinj? results. i-o u^i.^ jj»i. t
I I have not a pain nor an ache about me. The stiffness and soreness i:i my w f;f ' Remember that, and don t .paratyze your poor stomach g
* right leg has entirely disappeared, and I have gained eight pounds in weight. ™ $ pOISOIlS. My plan IS to give Strength to the part that IS g
! I sleep soundly and get up feeling refreshed. Considering my advanced age ai^- I .do that, and the trouble IS gone before you understand g
> .this cure is remarkable, as I hardly dared to hope for it. Yours truly, why. q
J A. HUBBS. CaliStona. Cal. DR. McLAUGHLIN: O
. It's easy t6 be cured my way. You put my appliance -on SSiS^fM^^SS. I
[ when you go to bed; you feel a glowing warmth passing through but had I taken your treatment I might have saved myself all this suffering &
) your body, and the electric power gives all the organs new life. years ago. The money I spent paying doctors' bills was all thrown away, q
1 When you wake up in the morning you feel bright, lively and \ our Belt , has d ? ne . for m f e in f fe T w mon , th , s , what doctors could not do in O
». J , , , ° J . ji.i_ three vears continual treatment. I am glad to recommend the Belt to any C)
) vigorous, and you wonder where your pains and aches have one su - ffer ing with inflammatory rheumatism. Yours respectfully. O
J gone. My belt has removed the cause, and they will never re- JOSEPH M. ELSING. 725 Parker avenue. ®
i turn. That's a better way than making a drug store of your San Francisco. Cal. 0
> stomach. And who ever saw anybody actually cured by drugs? RHEUMATISM, KIDNEY TROUBLES, LAME BACK, ©
I I tell you drugs don't cure, and if you have tried them you know SCIATICA, STOMACH TROUBLES, NERVOUS . DEBIL- ®
* it. Nearly all of my cured patients tried drugs first. ITY. LOST VITALITY, EARLY DECAY, AND EVERY ©
j ~ -„ f i ,. , Cl . . D 1+ r INDICATION THAT YOU ARE BREAKING DOWN %
» Dr. McLaughhn's Electric Belt Cures physically, i can cure, or i will forfeit $1000. g
I While YOU 31eep I don't think there is any case of weakness, failure of vitality,**
* DR McLAUGHLIN: • . or of any trouble resulting from the imperfect action of any or- §
I Dear Sir— It gives me great pleasure to write to you of what the belt has gan of the body that I can't cure. Of course, I do not cure all ©
J done for me. Before I commtneed its use I would wake up with my limbs cases, but I have such confidence in my treatment that I will pav S
j so numb that I could not move a muscle, my eyes had dark- rings around $ f th t •„ ,- f treatment wW h \ g
i them and mv vitality was at a very low ebb, indeed, but all this has disap- ,, ... ., , J . , ,. T **
I pcared and my general health is so far improved that there has been no ne- call t cure With my recently perfected appliance. I am now CUr- g
9 ' cessity for wearing the Belt for two months. There has been no recurrence ing troubles which I would not touch before. Look at this case : ©
* of any of the symptoms during the time I have discontinued the use of the np ,, T ATTr trr TM **
: Belt, wluch is proof to me that the cause of my trouble has been permanent- l»k. mclauuhjliin: g
5 ly removed. You may publish this letter if you wish. Yours truly. . Dear 1^^ the electric Belt three months and the good it g
* " HARVEY JOHNSON Grass Valley, Cal. nas accomplished has been remarkable and continuous. My stomach is in g
J T . „ . . , . . . j i( ' . good order, the heart action is all right, and even the more stubborn svmo- 5
> I want to talk with men who have tried every other known f oms of varicoce le yield to the treatment. My condition was verv serious g
) remedy; men who have about given up trying and think that y/heji I commenced the use of the Belt, and it does not seem possible that @
9 there is no cure for them. I don't think you do justice to your- in so short a time so sreat a chantre could be brought about. I have spoken 6
J self to fill your poor stomaeh with drugs day after day, when you SSSESSSB S
J don t see anything but temporary stimulation in them, (if you niy case is sufficient to prove to them its efficiency, so I have no doubt but °
I want stimulation, take whisky; it is alcohol, like the drugs, and that many of them will consult you. Yours very truly, 6>
> doer, less harm taken the same way.) I want to explain how vi- M. O.ROLLINS, Box 846. Bisbce. A. T. o
I tal power is restored by electricity, and I can prove to you that COME AND SEE ME. Let me show you how many thou- ®
5 Vital power is nothing but electricity. Then you can see that sands have been cured by my methods, and how simply I over- O
* your trouble can be cured by electricity and can understand why come the most aggravated cases. Be just to yourself, to your 2
I drugs don't cure you. Come and let me show you the only road family and friends, and make yourself a man among men in the ©
9 to health, strength and happiness. No healthy person was ever . easiest way, and at the least cost. Call and I will give you evi-
> unhappy, because a. heart full of vitality is light and joyous, and dence that will convince you. If you can't call, then write to me ©
9 quickly shakes off the gloom and depression which is called for my book, which is full of the things that inspire you to re- |?
I grief. Some people are unhappy without cause. That is de- gain health. It is free, sealed, if you will inclose this ad. and o
> pression due to weakness. tell me about your troubles. " **
I DR. iVL C. MCLAUGHLIN, 906 Market St., san ab francisco. I
* " ¦'¦ ¦¦- %
[ efflee Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to I. Seattle Offlea, 105 Columbia Street. Los Angeles-1 29 South Spring Street. 2
>oo0O©aoo©6OC©oo©o®o©e©oeo©®oooooe©o©c©o«>oooo©«©©ooooocoo©oooooo©©oo©oo©oooooooooo«ooooocJ5sMrs. L. C. Pistolesl has left Colorado
Springs and has returned to Denver..
Mr. and- Mrs. S. Varnhagen, formerly
Lewis, would be pleased to see their
friends to-day from 2 to 5 at S03 Eddy
street.
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. Simon L. Kline have re
turned from their northern trip and will
leave soon for a tour of the East.
• • •
Mrs. I. Simon of 1324 Hayes street will
resume her day at home beginning with
the last Saturday in October. ,
• • • •
Miss Lucille Dooly of Sacramento and
Miss Adelaide Manning of Grass Valley
are visiting Mrs. Angus McKay at 2021
Pacific avenue.
• • • »
Mr. and Mrs. S. Livingston and family
have returned after an absence of several
months in Europe. They are at the Occi
dental.
PERSONALS.
Miss Olive Helen Simon left Thursday
on the St. Paul for Nome, Alaska, where
she will spend the winter with her sisters,
Mrs. Alvin Slebes and Mrs. David Good
friend.
A pleasant surprise dinner was given on
Saturday evening-, September 19; to Os
car Hocks at his residence, 1209»£ Howard
street, the occasion being the thirty-third
anniversary of his birth. After dinner
had been served the rest of the evening
was spent In singing, dancing and games.
One feature of the evening was a word
spelling contest, the prizes being awardec
to Mrs. Walter Blodgett and William
Knapp. Among those present were: Mr,
and Mrs. Fred Hansen, Mr. and Mrs. Wal
ter Blqdgett, Mr. and Mrs. John Stange,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Holcomb, Mr. and
Mrs. William Knapp, Miss Kathleen Mc-
Brearly, Ferdinand Hocks and Mr. and
Mrs. Oscar Hocks.
• • •
A very pleasant and enjoyable birthday
party was tendered to Miss Marguerite
McDonnell by her many friends Tuesday
evening at her home, 3739 Twenty-sixth
street. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
J. P. McDonnell, Miss J. Richards, tht
Misses L. and K. O'Connor, Miss A. Wil
son, Miss Conlon, the Misses M. and I.
McCarthy, Miss and Mrs. Kerner, the
Misses I. and M. Coughlan, Miss L. Mer
ry, Miss G. Lesley, Miss J. Collum, the
Misses Marguerite, Annie, Mabel, Flor
ence, Grace, Ethel and Ruth McDonnell.
Mr. Colling, Dr. Stokes, Dr. Knox, B.
Smith, W. Wilson, J. Rynes, J. Murphy,
J. Levy, B. Collum, C. and G. McDonnell,
E. McCarthy, J. Coughlan, W. Everson.
Mr. Syron, Mr. O'Nell and Thomas and
Jack McDonnell.
A very enjoyable reception was given
by Dr. and Mrs. Stark of Oakland at their
beautiful a.nd artistic home last Tuesday
"evening to a few of their friends and rel
atives. The decorations were exceeding
ly tasteful, pink and white prevailing-
A choice selection of classic music was
delightfully rendered by Mrs. Corson,
violin selections by Miss Roberts and rec
itations by Miss Polk. Many of the in
vited guests were from San Francisco,
Ross Valley and San Rafael and Oak
land. Among them were- Mr. and Mrs.
William Empey, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. John
son, Mr. and Mrs. William Deemer, Llr.
and Mrs. Corson, Airs. M. Eberts, Dr. and
Mrs. Mehrmaun, Dr. and Mrs. J. R.
Fearn, Mr. and Mrs. Newton Rosekrans,
Mr. and Mrs. Warren Curtis, Mr. and
Mrs. C. K. Orton, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Stetson, Misses Cherry, Dr. Cherry, Mr.
and Mrs. J. S. Danner, Misses Callahan,
Mrs. H. M. Rosekrans, Miss Rosekrans,
Mr. and Mrs. William Penfield Taylor.
Mr. and Mrs. James I. Taylor, Mr. and
Mrs. Samuel J. Taylor, George MacC.
Taylor. Mrs. S. P. Taylor. Mrs. M.
Brown, Miss Elsie Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
George I. Taylor, J. H. Stark, J. K.
Stark, Mr. and Mrs. MacDonnell, Mr. and
Mrs. Spangler, Mrs. Nellie N. Taylor.
Rev. Madison Slaughter, Misses Slaugh
ter. Miss Polk, Miss Tylier, iviiss Belle
Jamerson, Miss Ethel Petry, Mrs. Lar
zelero, Miss Larzelere, Mrs. u. Gere, Mrs.
Margaret Fitch, Mrs. Rust, Miss Gale.
Miss Wilson. Mr. Felton, Mr. Gilliland,
Mrs. Clapp, Mr. and Mrs. George, W.
Wickson, Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Martin and
Miss Gifford.
HOME PARTIES.
The third invitational dance of the Oak
Leaf Club took place in Its hall on Sev
enteenth street on Tuesday evening last.
The hall was tastefully decorated in the
club's colors of pink and green. The floor
was thronged with merry dancers. G.
Laux and Miss M. Fauss had the honor
of leading the grand march. The Oak
Leaf Club's fourth Invitational dance
will take place on Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 13.
CLUB PAETIES.
The marriage has recently been an
nounced of Miss Alice Brooks and Albert
Cronk. They are residing at 1058 Geary
street, where they will be pleased to see
their friends.
their golden wedding to-day. A reception
will be held at their residence, 429 Grovo
street, from 2 to 5 o'clock, when they will
be pleased to receive their friends.
Contests Grandmother's Will.
A contest of the will of the late Jean
Marie A. Carto, -who died February 8 last,
was begun yesterday by Claire Georse.
her granddaughter. She claims that at
the time the document was made Mr3.
Carto was under the Influence of Eliza
beth T. Andrews, her daughter, and avera
that the latter compelled the testatrix to
make a will leaving her all her property.
to the exclusion of her other children and
grandchildren.
Bankrupt Cases.
Paul E. Cleu, policeman. San Francisco,
filed a petition In insolvency yesterday In
the United States District Court. Ha
owes $2333 and has no assets. Juds? de
Haven dismissed the petition of creditors
of N. B. Kocser of the El Monte Hotel
ln Santa Clara County to have him de
clared an Involuntary bankrupt.
Artiflcial ice is sold by the Government
ln Manila to all persona In the military
service at 50 cents a hundred pounds. To
all other persons the price flxed by th«
Government 13 Jl a hundred pounds.
ment"; evening. "The Superstition of Doubt."
Pastor, Rev. F. M. Larkln.
Epworth M. E. — Morning, "The Church and
Its Finances." Pastor. Rev. F. A. Keast.
Howard-street M. E. — Morning, Gideon's
Band"; evening. "Peril or Indecision." Pastor.
Rev. A. C Bane.
California-street M. E. — Morning. "Other
People's Imperfections"; evening, "Heroic
Doubt." Pastor. Rev. Clarence Reed.
Trinity M. E. — Morning, "Hindrances and
Helps ln the Work of God." Pastor. Rev. John
A. B. Wilson.
Simpson Memorial M. E. — Evening. "What
to Do With Our Doubts." Pastor, Rev. John
Stephens.
First Congregational — Morning. "Solid Com
fort": evening, song service. Pastor, Rev.
George C. Adams. *»
Third Congregational — Morning, "The Per
fect Manhood"; evening, "The New San Fran-
Cisco." Pastor. Rev. William Radar. • ¦
First United Presbyterian — Evening. "How
Business Men Got and Kept Their Religion."
Pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell.
First Unitarian — Morning. "Tearing Down
and Building Up." Pastor, Rev. Bradford
Leavltt.
Second Unitarian— Morning "Our Twentieth
Century Goodness." Pastor. Rev. Jay William
Hudson.
First Church of Christ (Scientists)— Morning,
"Unreality." Pastor, the Bible and Science
and Health With Key to the Scriptures.
First English Lutheran— Morning. "Harvest
Home Festival": evening. "The First Sab
bath." Pa*tor. Rev. E. Nelander.
The Homo of the Mission Ladles of the Cal
vary Presbyterian Church. Jackson and Kin
mare streets, ¦Will observe their annual harvest
home festival on next Wednesday evening.
Special music by the choir and an Indian story
by Miss Nellie McGraw will be among the fea
tures.
This afternoon -will be Bible study rally
day In the Toung Men's Christian Asso
ciation In common with 'similar assocla-
President of Bethany College Will
Preach at the Lutheran Ebe
nezer Church.
Services at the churches to-day will be
as follows:
Grace M. E. — Morning. "A Lost Command-
PASTORS SELECT SUBJECTS
FOB THEIR SEBMONS TO-DAY
tion3 throughout the country. Rev. H.
H. Bell. D. I>.. will deliver the address;
subject. "The Importance cf BIMa Study,
or the Book of Books." There will b«
some special music.
The Rev. Professor Carl Swensson, Ph.
D., D. E>., R. IC. O.. president of Bethany
College, Llndsborg. Kansas, will preach
In the Lutheran Ebenezer Church, 1271
Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, this morning and in the Swedish
Lutheran Church in Oakland ln the even-
Ing. The doctor is on a flying trip
through California to look over the coun
try and find suitable locations for Swed
ish Lutheran colonies. The Rev. Dr. Jes
person from Rock Island Is also expected
In company with Dr. Swensson.
Selection by the orchestra; Julian Eisenbach
barytone; LouU Myers, club swinger: Mtss
C>!io Jaeoby. recitation: I. B. Mycrf. mono
lofnie; Richard H. Hunt, tenor; Edith Scott
Basford. contralto eolo; Harry e. Greenberg
dialect Impersonator; Alois Hank, piano ac-
The affair was under the direction of
the following committees:
Arrangements— Sereeant 11. J. Myers (chair
man), bergeant C. K. Radebold. Sergeant F J
En*l<\ O. None and W. Merkelbach.
Floor— Colonel J. C. O'Connor. Captain E. G
EiBen Berueant F. J. En B le. C. E. Kneeri
Captain J T. Egbert. Major O. FlUmer. Ser
geant J. Myers, Sereeant N. Conn
r-J? eCC f t i? n ~^- .f hula - Colonel Masou KInne.
Colonel G. B. Bunlick. Colonel L. Barrere
Colonel T. Barry. Captain J. E. Klein. Captain
T. A. Nerney, Captain G. Harvey.
The same evening Company D. First
Regiment of Infantry. Captain Mathcw
son commanding, entertained its friends
In the assembly hall of the Ellis-street
armory. There was a large number of
persons present, who greatly enjoyed the
following programme:
"Humor of Every Day Life." Augustus F
Howell: contralto solo. Miss Mabel Gordon '•
"Me and Jim" (Field). "Frost on the Pun^kin"'
(Riley). "Seein 1 Things at Night" (Field)
Au&ustui F. Howell; barytone solo. James R*iu
wick; "The Old Settler of Deep Hole 1 ' ("Eben
Holden"). "Aunt Polly's Visit to New York
Theater" ("David Harum"). Augustus y
Howell.
An election will be held on board of the
Marion this week to select a lieutenant,
Junior grade, vice Smith, term expired.
The leave of absence heretofore granted
G. R. Kingsford. chief engineer, N. M..
has been extended sixty days.
NATIONAL GUARD VETERANS.
The veterans of the National Guard of
California gave an entertainment and
dance in the armory of Troop A. cavalry,
at 28 Golden Gate avenue last Friday
night, which was well attended and
proved a very delightful -semi-military
function. In the audience there were
quite a number of gentlemen in uniform
and the gold braid added splendor to the
effect during the dance that followed the
rendition of the programme. During the
dance there was a pretty play of electric
and lime lights. The following was the
programme that entertained the guests
of the veterans:
Ensign E. J. Louis of the naval militia
has been assigned to the special examin
ing board, vice R. N. Miller, resigned.
A feeling of apathy has been apparent
in the upper line for some time and that
feeling has descended and affected every
guardsman and the condition is such at
this time that it will require a mighty
effort to put the National Guard on its
feet again and to save it from adverse
comment by inspectors from the United
States army. Much of this feeling is no
doubt due to the uncertainty as to who
will be at the head of the organization
during the term of the present command
er-in-chief. Those who are in and ex
pect that the official will cut short their
military existence have but little inter
est in the organizations and the rank
and file below the superior officers are
apathetic because they are in doubt as
to who will rule, and they do not take
much interest In the work, as there Is no
one to encourage them. There is no doubt
that if occasion presented itself the
several organizations would again bt.
ready to go to the front, as they did in
1S9S, but at this time it will require some
thing of that kind to arouse mo v than
75 per cent o: th«- National Guarc of this
State.
Colonel Wilhelm. U. S. A., who has dur
ing his stay on this coast given much at
tention to the National Guard and has
offered many valuable suggestions for its
betterment, has been ordered by the War
Department at Washington, D. C, to act
as inspector of the Guard of California.
FEELING OF APATHY.
The dispatches from Washington. D. C.
to the effect that the reports of the army
officers charged with the inspection of
the National Guard of the various States
have all been Ill«?d -with the proper of
ficers at the War Department, but that
some of them are so uncomplimentary
that it has been decided not to make such
reports public except to send to each Gov
ernor the report for his State and allow
him to make it public if he desires, has
excited the. curiosity of the National
Guardsmen of this city and possibly the
entire State of California. The question
here is, '"Does this mean us?" From the
amount of indifference that has been
manifested in National Guard affairs in
this State since the return of the boys
from the Philippines, except in an organ
ization here ena there, it is but small
wonder that the army officers have found
reason to be uncomplimentary to the
State soldiery. There has been great dif
ficulty In this State in keeping up even
the tn:r.imum of organization; there has
not Leen that spirit that is requisite to
n.akc &-ocd soldiers, and outside of a few
organizations the guard in California, as
one of the line officers recently said, "has
been dead for some time, but has not yet
discovered it." x$
Guardsmen Wonder as
to Result of National
Inspection.
AWAIT REPORT
WITH ANXIETY
England has one clergyman to every
610 people: Ireland one to every 1270.
NATIVE SONS TO LAUNCH
THE CRUISER CALIFORNIA
t To Give Minstrel Show for Three
Nights in Aid of Fund to
Meet Expenses.
The committee of the Native Sons of
the Golden West that is arranging for
the ceremonies to be held in connection
with the launchine of the cruiser Cali
fornia, new building at the Union Iron
Works, is devifiins: ways and means to
provide funds necessary for the occasion.
One contribution to that fund will be
between $1500 and J1G00, the net proceeds
cf the 2th of September celebration held
ln San Jose. ' " .
In addition to this, the committee in
charge has under consideration a num
ber of plans for raising money. The first
of these is to be a three nights' minstrel
¦bow in Native Sons' Hail next Tues
dey. Wednesday and Thursday. As a pre
lude to the entertainment there will be
an address to the audience on the first
evening by Grand Svcond Vice President
J. L. Gallagher, the following night by
Grand Trustee L. H. Mooser and on the
third nisht by Grand Trustee James A.
Dfvoto. Each performance will be fol
lowed by dancing. The floor manager for
the first night is M. Squires, chairman
of the launchins committee. M\ Shee
han will act in that capacity on the sec
ond night and J. J. Neubarth on the third
nieht.
The performance will be under the aus
pices of different parlors each night.
Tuesday will be the night of California.
Mif-fion. Rincon, Bay City, Hesperian,
South San Francisco, Olympic. Army and
Navy and El Capitan parlors; Wednesday
will he that of Pacific, San Francisco,
Stanford, El Dorado. Alcatraz. Sequoia,
Prccita. National and Mount Tamalpais,
and Thursdav will be for Golden Gate,
Niantic. Verba Buena, Dolores, Alcalde,
Presidio, Marshall. Twin Peaks and Sea
Point.
It is proposed to give a first cla8s en
tertainment *>ach night and the pro
gramme h#3 been selected by a commit
tee of arl^neements composed of J. J.
Neubarth. R. D. Barton. T. P.. Martin.
G. W. Gubart. C. H. Turnpr. H. N. Jack
t=on, A. S. Groth. E. T. Finch, N. P. Hal
llnan A. Moran and W. J. Donlan.
ENGAGEMENTS.
The engagement reception of Miss Ida
Labling and A. J. Peters will be held
Sunday, October 11, at 639 Minna street,
from 2 to 5 d. m:
• • •
S. Hoffman announces the engagement
of his daughter Rose to Bernhardt Rosen.
At home to-day from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 30
Moss street, where they will be pleased to
receive their friends.
WfiDDLNGS.
The marriage of Miss Blanche Thiel
and M. J. Anderson took place Sunday
evening. September 13, at the home of
the bride's parents, 229 Day street. The
bride is the pretty and accomplished
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Otto Thiel.
Mr. Anderson is a young man of sterling
worth, possefsing the esteem and re
spect ot all who know him. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. Mr. Green
well of the Tenth-avenue Christian
Church. Miss Olive Thiel, twin sister of
the bride, acted as maid of honor and
Mr. Kosterchek as best man. Misses
Hattie and Gladys Welcome and Miss
Lena O'Neill' served as harbingers, strew
ing flowers in the pathway of the bridal
party, while Miss Dorris O'Neill served
as ring bearer. The house was beautifully
decorated with choice flowers. Supper
followed the ceremony, which was enliv
ened by music from an excellent orches
tra. Mr. and Mrs. Anderson left for Ore
eon, where they will make their future
home.
Those present were Mr. and Mrs. Ander
son, Mr. and Mrs. Thiel, Miss Olive Thiel,
Mrs. A. Welcome. Mr. and Mrs. Welcome
Mr. and Mrs. O'Neill, Misses Hattle and
oladys Welcome, Misses Lena and Dorris
O'Neill, Rev. Mr. Greenwell, Mr. and Mrs
Getchell.Mr.andMrs. McMurphy, Mr. and
Mrs. Wood, Mr. and Mrs. Crtttenden Mr
and Mrs. Rouse. D. Wheeler. Miss Delia
Highet. Miss Lillian Highet. Miss Lolla
Tomlinson. Miss May Holloway, Mr and
Mrs. Cox, Miss Myrtle Cox, Miss Gertie
Cox, Mr. and Mrs. Gates, Miss L Collins
Miss S. Collins. Miss C. Malmedy. Mrs'
Georgie Lawrence. Reuben Thiel. Grover
Aulmann, Clifford Welcome. T. Leyland
Mr. Kosterchek, T. Ingersoll, J. Kaiser!
W. Townsend, Master Pettite and Master
Getchell.
On Wednesday evening, September 23
Miss Bessie Pennington. the charming
and accomplished daughter of Mr and
Mrs. George W. Pennington, was married
at the family home. 1015 Shotwell street
to Irving H. Sanborn, the popular young
lawyer, the Rev. Dr. Larkln of Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church officiating.
The wedding was one of the prettiest of
the season, the rooms being decorated
with an abundance of flowers, white and
pink predominating. The bride was beau
tiful in pearl embroidered silk etamlne
over white silk. The lace veil caught with
natural orange blossoms was presented bV
her grandmother. Her bouquet was of
white roses. The only ornament worn was
a necklace of gold beads, the gift of the
groom. The attendants were Miss Edith
Pennington. sister of the bride and
Charles Taylor. Miss Pennington was
charming in white organdy, richly
trimmed with lace and pink satin ribbon
Her flowers were pink roses. The favors
presented by the bride and groom to
their attendants were a pearl sunburst
Bet with a ruby and a gold watch chain
The many handsome and costly presents
received by the happly couple attested
the love and esteem in which they are
held. Immediately after the wedding sup
per Mr. and Mrs. Sanborn left for an ex
tended trip south.
Mr. and Mrs. K. Borren will celebrate
Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas Fonda of
SOU Sacramento street will celebrate the
fiftieth anniversary of their marrlase to
day. The original notice of their wedding
is as follows:
"In Marysville. September 27. 1S53, at the
residence of the bride*« brother-in-law
Colonel Stuart . Perry. William Thomas
Fonda to Eleanore Margaret MIddleton
daughter of Mrs. Eleanore Middleton of
New York, N. Y. Miss Julia Rowe was
bridesmaid and Colonel Jeff Ilalsey best
man. After a brief stay in" San Francisco
the happy couple will make their home in
the new house Mr. Fonda has just built
and furnished."
Mr. and Mrs. Fonda have resided for
nearly thirty-flve years at 3011 Sacramen
to street, where a family of six children
have grown up. They are: Charles P.,
Harry Stuart, Walter G., William M. (de
ceased), Mrs. Helen Walker and Mr3.
Lewis V. Hentrich. There are four grand
children; Misses Marjorie R., Julia, Elfle
and Eleanor Fonda.
There are some very happy functions in
the air that will be given in the sweet
rame of charity. There seems "to be
some psychological reason why charity
affairs always come off at election time.
Could it be that the good ladies addicted
to the bazaar habit have any ulterior
reason for making their dates thus?
Many of the social clubs are
awakening after their long summer sleep,
and no doubt the next -month Will show
many pleasant affairs on the cards.
j£**-J) OCIETY is rather dull these
/V\yT days. Of course it is true that,
\^^>y\ hovering as we are between
seasons, but few plans for en
u~ >• tertalnment have • matured.
SOCIETY EVENTS
In Holland an unmarried woman inva
riably walks on the right side of her es
cort, while a married one takes her hus
band's left arm. . ¦ > <
United States Circuit Court Judge W.
W. Morrow and Mrs. Morrow have re
turned from Portland, Or., where the
Judge had been sitting on the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals.
Judge Morrow Eeturns.'
At Byron Hot Springs: From San Fran
cisco— L. G. Rowell and wife, Mrs. W. J*
Evans. "W. E. Rothery, H. M. Hall. Frank
H. Hall, W. II. Dreyfus, Milton L. Beav
en, W. J. Rldgway, G. B. Richardson, J
H. Langtry, J. C. Flynn, W. S. Gage. F
L. Rosenan, William N. Hannigan, *r>r
T. H. Morris, John C. Klein, r>. J. Lacy,
Anna Hock, Mr. and Mrs. Charles W."
Meyer, M. H. Havens and wife, Mrs. t!
J. Olsen. Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Mullen. C*
L. Meyersteln. T. Rushland and wife"
Harry M. Campe, F.* W. Verbery, John
R. Sayres. From Oakland— N. M. Baruch
Mrs. T. F. Dowd, J. H. Macdonald and
wife. H. Henderson. Charles Weiabaum.
A." W. Baker Jr.. A. Jonas. From Au
burn—C. J: Nichols. From Groveland—
James M. Meighans. From Los Angeles-
Mrs. A. Kimball. Prom Haywards—
Martin A. Peterson. From Stockton—
Monroe P. Marks. Herman C. Meyer
From Alameda— Mrs. Paul Rossiter. Mas
ter Paul Rossiter Jr. From Sacramento—
L. E. Larson. From Elmhurst— Miss Mae
F. Soares. From Vacaville-D. J. Parm
lee. ¦ '¦ :*--.-
At Paralso Springs: From San Francis
co—William Schroeder, Mrs. A. Harris
Mrs. A. W. Fink. Miss E. Klely, George
E, Taw, William Dumphy, Miss Alcroft.
Pacific Grove^-E. E. Long and wife, E. B
Rich, E. C. Buffln. F. G. Lambert, Mrs.
U. C. Gretter, Mrs. E. B. Rich. Watson
ville—R. P. Quinn, Mrs. K. Hansen. San
ta Cruz— F. R. Dann and wife. Alame
da—Miss Anna Morrison. Chualar— Miss
K. Snowder. Gonzales — W. J. Kavanaugh
Twisselman Soledarf, G. B. Mason, Jep
Eschelsene. Santa ' Clara— Mr. and Mrs.
J. Shula. Salinas— Albert Zabala, J. Bar
din, L. Rodgers. San Mateo— E. A. Husa
lng. San Francisco — Mrs. B. Heine,
Charles' White and wife. Monterey— Mrs!
Luke and daughters..
• • • *
RESORTS.
Miss Bell© Thome (Mrs. Herman Per
let), the popular California prima donna,
arrived in town, on Tuesday, the 22d lnst..
having -come direct from Europe to pay
a short visit to her relatives here. While
abroad Miss Thome received a flattering
offer to sing at the Wintergarden, Ber
lin, and when she again leaves San Fran
cisco she will probably go at once to Ger
many.
Mrs. J. Llpman and family have moved
to 2073 Clay street. v
• • •
• • ?
Mr. and Mrs. J. Cohen announce the
confirmation of their son, Philip. A re
ception will be held at their residence,
1836 Powell street, to-day, between 2 and
o o'clock.
visiting his son and daughter-in-law, Mr.
and Mrs. Lee Merritt Olds, at their resi
dence, 2334 Pine street.
THE eAN FBA-N CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTE31BER 27, 1903.
Judge Walter Olds of Indiana has been
36
\ ,v r ADVERTISEMENTS.
The ART SALES GALLERIES
AUCTION
ORIENTAL RUGS
Commencing Tuesday, Sept. 29
At 2:30 p. m. /
Exhibition Monday, September 28.
YUZUK & CO,
230 Post Street.
CatalojuM. A. W. LOUDERBACK. -Art Auctioneer.
ETOur large new Importation, tojet-er with our retail ttsci. comprise a collection
of rar* antiques Impossible to duplicate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• » EL. Vr W Li GL. H mM»fin!a
CQfolPlEXSON J|i
ABSOLUTELY - Mmk
FREE
DURING THIS WEEK.
In order that you may test the wonderful rejuvenating and refreshing
power of my well-known preparations I will, during this coming week, for-
ward to any lady sending her name and address a can of the purest, best and
most effective face creme the world has ever known.
All ladies calling at our parlors this week will receive a sample of
Creme free.
Thousands of ladies unite in praising *
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
LOLA MONTEZ ".CREME.
THE SKIN FOOD AND TISSUE BTJTLDEB.
Thousands more would praise.it if they only knew what miracles can be
accomplished by its use. This is why we make you this presentation offer.
WRITE AT ONCE.
MRS, NETTIE HARRISON CO.
DERMATOLOGIST
140 Geary Street - - - - - - f San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dry Goods Company, I
Dress Goods Department j
This season's most favored fabrics j
at extremely low prices. <
COLORED BLACK I
52-inch Mnc Melange 50-inch Woo! Sanglier J
50-jneJ Baikel SwtiBgi 0 (M 48-inch Woof Roxana Of HR «
Frw«M«l«tt* OliUU 44-inch French Voile and OliUU <
Silk and Woo. Crepe si|k and Woo , Crepe J
54-inch Bcccls Camel's |
r«- ai Lc l- u, ?! 9R 52-inch Wool Zibelina A4 Af - j
50-mch Sacking Melange dl.ZCJ 5D-inch Granite Noppe $ ?5J
46-inch Cheviot Flamme 5O . jncb Twine Sac |5 P ng O i i L J J
54-inch Mixed Cheviot . c
cf.^ CF L Pe c l- d i rti -i> 50-inch Camel's Hair «
50-mch Sacking Bouton O CfJ Bouret{c \
48-inch French Voile and 0 1 1 0 U 5(Mnch % m m C IE 0 C
S.Ik and Wool Crepe 48-inch French Voile and OliDU C
Onent . Silk and Wool Crepe S
The ab-%e fabrics arc shown in all n.!«-l 5
the new fall shade* Went 6
WAIST MATERIALS i
We hare opened a large assortment of entirely new fabrics in wool and silk J
and wool I
50c, 75c, 85c and SI.00 a Yard «
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
Cecry and StocHon Streets. Union Squm. {
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stunning I
HATS
In the New |
Tall Fashions 1
i If you have not visited our Mil- P
lSr.rry I'arlor this reason th*>re !« p
it pleasant surprise awaiting you. 1
Never have we «hown bo many I
hats — or euch beautiful ones — for B
j u-« have prorp*r«>d and advanced. B
Women who have *een the dis- ft
flay hav e praised it unetlntedly. M
And they were equally «r.thu- K
flaMf: over our rr.cxiest prices. . B
Caa"t you come to-morrow? H
* wrx/roiw crrrryo- ¦ "^ ,
| jxassa.oj£. Azscrxscrry "<?> ' '
JTMrsojr j-jrss w££sr - ojt
ATI CrE^JCT'&T vS? f
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DU. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohue
building:. 1170 Market street, cot. Taylor, room*
2&-2U, with the electric needle without pain cr
km; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
•-*: " : NEWMAN.- & USVINSOIT.
Kearny and Sutter Sts. ;
To-morrow — Opening Display of "New Fall
Laces, Robes and Dress Trimmings
In these lines we positively excell. The appreciation our patrons have shown these depart-
ments in the past is most gratifying. This season's grand collection should be seen by every lady
who wishes to keep in touch with the newest. The late and exclusive novelties are all here — and
you can't fail to find something that will please you. Among them are :
¦ ROBES— fascinating styles in silk, lace and 'spangled, BAND TRIMMINGS-ln exquisite Indian and Persian
for afternoon or evening wear. designs. ; • ¦ •
ALLOVER LACES— exclusive patterns In black, white PASSEMENTERIES— In the very newest astrakhan
and cream. ' and braid effects.
FIBRE BANDS— this season's newest, all widths, In FRINGES— of silk, chenille and wool, In black, cream
white, black, navy and brown. . and celors.
CLUNY LACES— handsome new designs In white, BRAIDS-of every description, daintiest styles b all the
black and colors. new color combinations.
VENISE LACE GALLOONS— a large variety of new TRIMMINGS— for evening gowns, in handsome pearl
patterns, that can be separated. ; and spangled effects.
, Dressmakers will find it to their advantage to call and inspect these new goods.
Extraordinary Offering in Kid Gloves (ssjso .
$i.oo, $1.25, $1.50 and $2.25 Gloves at 85c. a Pair.
Four of our most celebrated brands are in this sale, made of fine selected Kid Skins, by
the best makers in .the world — some are with two clasp, some with three and others are
[ in the mousquetaire style — all perfect goods, but the assortments are broken — a color gone or a
size missing — although in the lot are all sizes and such desirable colors as Black, White, Tan,
Mode, Beaver, Red, Gray, Brown and Light Opera Shades. Gloves that sell regularly at or.
$1.00, $1.25, $1.50, and $2.25 per pair. AH reduced for to-morrow's sale to OOu.
Notable Values in Black Dress Goods g j ££?d
Whatever comparisons you may make, you will be convinced that we are offering values in
Black Dress Goods that cannot be duplicated anywhere — for never were new, desirable fabrics
I offered at such prices as these:
50-inch Black Cheviot, all wool, jet black, worth _ ft 44-Inch Black Natte Canvas, all wool, one of the A
regularly 75c. per yard ; special at .....5UC. season's favorita weaves, worth I x.oo, special at 7 UC.
44-inch Black Granite Cloth, in newest weaves, _ ft 44-lnch Black Etamlne, fine high-grade alt-wool __
suitable for street gowns, worth $1.00, saleprice/UC. fabrrc, worth $1.00 per yard, sale price 75c.
, Sale of Silk Waists at $5.00 each cssyft?)
A great Silk Waist purchase, secured at a liberal discount from a large New York manufacturer,
goes on sale to-morrow. You never saw such handsome Waists at anywhere near this price. They
are this season's very newest style, made of rich, heavy quality Peau de Cygne, with fronts exqui-
sitely embroidered, tucked and finished with French knots — latest style sleeves and fancy stock —
colors are White, Light Blue, Pink and Black. Waists that are worth $7.50 each, er (\n
Our special price .............'.... 3>£).UU
N and L Woolen Yarns Indian Bead Work
(First Floor Sutter Street.) (First Floor Sutter Street).
One of the largest consignments of Yarns ever Are you. interested in this kind of Fancy
shipped us, has just arrived and will be on sale Work?— it's the fashionable fad of the season.
Monday. If you intend using any yarns for the We carry beads of all kinds and colors, from the
holidays, make selections now while assortments * maI1 seed bead t0 the Iar S e bird>s e Sg sizes — >"
are compiete. Every co,o r i 5 now here in gEiSX^k! h " e ""* '^* g « his
Dresdner, Spanish, Saxony, Shetland, German- ... _ 7 ...
, , _., , , , „,,->!• Indian Beads, all colors, large bunch 20-
town, Castor, Eiderdown and Ice Wool, Berlin Indian Bods, lar t « sizi, round or oblonj ihapej;
Zephyrs, Shetland and Fairy Floss. All offered , „ ln 5. right « lor5 ' Mch 5c.
at our usua! popular prices. %%£. 5S'J&5g1g bg^.°rt gg::::"""^:
Specials in Blankets and Comforters estir)
Particularly good specials are these we offer to-morrow in our New House Furnishing Goods
• department — and if you need Blankets or Comforters, a minute's study of these items is certain to
be of benefit to' you.
California White Wool Blankets, size 60x80, for Fine, white, cotton-filled Comforters, size 72x72,
single bed, in choice pink and blue borders, eo __ \ covered with pretty figured Silkoline, excep- * M .^
silk boundedges, special per pair ...$J./D tionally fine value at f. $1.10
Fine White Australian Wool Blankets, size Bed Comforters, covered with fine quality French
68x82, good weight, warm and not burden-^- _ Cambric, scroll stitched and extra heavy,^
some, splendid value at, per pair ?5.5U size 72x78, excellent value at .$2.25
¦ Write for our Illustrated Catalogue— We mail It Free.H. Holmes, the man found in an un
conscious condition In an alley-way on
Mason street, between Geary and Post,
last Thursday night, died at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday without regain-
Ing consciousness. The deceased was a
soldier In the Union array and received
Holmes Dies in Hospital.
"Star-upamrled Banner": march, "The
King's Fighting- Man," True: overture, "Eu
ryanthe," Weber; waltz. "On the Beautiful
Rhine," Keler Beta; flute solo, selected. A.
Lombardo; "Second Hungarian Rhapsodle,"
Liszt: intermission: overture. "Light Caval
ry," Buppe; (a) "Angelus" <b) "Fete Boheme,"
from "Scenes Ptttoresque." Massenet; de
scriptive. "Down South," Myddleton: selection
from "Florodora," Stuart: "International Con
gress," Sousa; "America."
The following programme will be ren
dered at Golden Gate Park to-day:
Music at the Park.
In designing the eystem one of the most Im
portant conations to meet was the collection
and dlBcharg* of the rain water and sewage
U' gravity that is without pumping. The
engineer* gav* considerable study to obtain
this object, ati have eucceeded in reducing
to a reasonable minimum the areas from
which it Is nectary to artificially raise the
t» wage bo that It can be discharged at proper
outlet*. To accomplish it they have studied
the best available gradient and the least ex
renrive alignment ,.t the intercepters which
prevent the Bewa^. c f the higher territory
from naturally reaching low territory, where
it would thereafter require pumping:. To gain
this object even tunnel, have been suggested,
as they were found to *ffeet economical solu
tion* in a few instance*. The alignment also
of the main collecting ** W fcrs ha* been care-
Tully studied with a view \ 0 economy and efn-
L Tbcs* r"»'n newert have tec placed so that
through which practically all the city
nsust drain, was eo depressed that twice
every day and during the entire period
of the lnflowinc of high tide the sewage
will be backed up by the tidal waters;
that the ordinary high tides will regular
ly flow to the junction of Howard and
Sixth streets and extra high tides to Har
rison and Tenth streets: that the entire
idea of taking the sewage from the nat
ural h!sh levels of the city down to zero
and attempting to handle it there is radi
cally wTong, and that witn the low grade
of the North Point main sewer rt is very
doubtful, considering the great masses of
ejjid that will run Into It. and consider
ing also the fact that the tide will twice
every day back up the contents of the
sewer, whether the sewage will be dls
tharged.
il r . Grunsky quotes Mr. Rudolph Her
rue in justification of the low grade of
the North Point main sewer, but the text
cf v.-hat Mr. Herring has to Eay, which
is. C'ven herewith. Is found not to apply
nt ai' to the plan for discharging the
sewzg» at North Point, but mainly to
the co'.U-ctlon of sewage Into the main
sewer. The auo tations from the state 
monts rn-cde by Mr. Herring that are sup
plied by llr. Grunsky are as follows:
Continued Prom Page 33, Column 7.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— First Assistant
Postmaster General Wynne has Issued an or
der putting Into effect the terms of the new
postal treaty between the United States and
Cuba on October 9 next. The treaty pro
vides for the transfer of malls from one coun
try to the other at domestic rates.
a pension of $15 a month. Dr. Rafferty
of the United States army visited the hos
pital yesterday to make inquiries about
Holmes' case. The body was removed to
the Morgue.
The proposition Is to expend more than
$7,000,000 on a sewer system, the working
of which, as witness the preceding words
by Mr. Grunsky, Is described only as
"most likely."
Mr. Grunsky in his communication falls
back upon the relief outlets or emergency
reliefs to supply relief when the waters
of the tides are strenuous as against the
proper action of the main sewer, but
his tone is conspicuously uncertain. Mr.
Grunsky's plea on tnis point is In full as
follows:
In tha printed report of 1S89 a statement Is
made which shows that variation of flow due
to change the ele\*atlon of the water surface
of the bay was not overlooked. "Finally, it
remains to be said that the emergency reliefs
will be most likely to be in service during high
tides, being the time when the outflow from
the main sewers is a minimum."
The constructive features of the new sew
ers have been designed on the pest principles
now known to the profession. The sewers have.
In the first place, been given a sufficient
gradient wherever practicable, to prevent \ia
due deposits and have been given the best sec
tional ehape to secure the most effective flow.
They have been given such dimensions as ex
perience has warranted, and it has been as
eume-d In the estimate of cost that they are
built of durable materials, with skillful labor
and under proper supervision.
they carry the sewage as rapidly as possible
to the outfalls without facilitating a deposit of
eol!<3 matter any more than is unavoidable In
Euch cases.
OPPOSE PROPOSED SEWER SYSTEM
The chief interest naturally centered
upon the Viola of Miss Constance Craw
ley, who has been winning: golden opin
ions by her Everyman. Possibly
to accentuate the difference between
the two characters, Miss Crawley's
Viola leaned a little more to
ward the comedy possibilities of the role
rather than to its sentimental side, though
there was no lack of emotional variety.
And very charmingly she looked the part,
and as the mald-turned-servlng-man to
Orsino, as embassy of her master's love
to Olivia, as the sister of Sebastian, as
the terrified adversary of Sir Andrew
Aguecheek, as true love to Orsino, she
ehowed herself In all phases of the char
acter ripely sufficient. She was tender,
sad, gay by times and all happily. Pe
culiarly clear and agreeable Is her dic
tion, her every word clearly to be heard
all over the vast auditorium. Miss
ley's Viola all around ranks with the best
conceptions of the character seen here.
As Malvollo Mr. Greet gave a striking
and richly humorous performance. Every
point was made to tell, and the intended
conflict of sympathy and ridicule in the
audience for the character was excited to
utmost extent. The scene of the "yellow
stockings with cross-garters" was a comic
gem, and one sees Mr. Greet in this only
to regret that we have not had his Touch
stone and other such parts, in which the
actor has so much to bestow. Curiously,
there was some slight uncertainty in the
lines, the actor showing, however, a nota-'
bit gift of improvisation In supplying the
deficiency. To-morrow night, however,
when we shall have the comedy locally in
Lyric Hall, the great stage manager will
doubtless not have to give us Greet, how
ever good, for Mr. Shakespeare.
John Sayer Crawley was the Orsino,
and showed a distinguished Intelligence
and virile poetry in his conception. So
commonly slighted, the character was
here given with the weight and dignity
necessary to give the full value to love
of Viola. The picture gained tremendous
ly thereby, and Mr. Crawley's few scenes
were wholly grateful.
A bit of thoroughly satisfying acting
was the Sir Toby Belch of Robert Smiley.
Voice, gait, makeup, everything com
bined to make the portrait of the jovial
toss-pot a sheer Joy. Mr. Smiley was ex
cellently foiled by the beautiful fatuity
of Robert Halford Forster's Sir Andrew,
that was every foolish thing that the
playwright has so slyly painted it. The
clown was Dallas Anderson's care, and
excellently handled. Mr. Anderson has an
unusually pleasing voice, and sang two
songs by Oscar Well in a fashion that
gave much pleasure. There would have
oeen more, but the Lyric Quintet, that
accompanied, was accompanying any
tlling but Mr. Anderson.
Of these songs of Mr. Weil's, by the
way, "Come Away, Death" is one of the
most charming and characteristic lyrics
that I have heard for some time. Mr.
Weil has caught exactly the Shakes
pearean color, and the haunting yet gentle
melancholy of the phrase lingers with one
long after Its singing. But the songs are
both rarely beautiful.
And now Olivia. The Good Deedes of
"Everyman," whose sweet voice and face
so charmed there, is equally charming as
Miss Alys Rees In Olivia. She has a wom
anly and spirited grasp of the role and
fails in none of, its requirements. Miss
Rees 1 diction Is notably clear.
Margaret Bucklin is the Maria, and hu
morous and spontaneous in the part. Her
delivery is overhurrled. however, at times,
and she has something yet to learn of
clear speaking. The rest are all sufficient,
and I the local performance of the play
should by no means be missed.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
As uniquely interesting: as the perform
ance Itself yesterday, in the production
of "Twelfth Night" at the University of
California, was the opportunity of seeing
a Shakespearean play against the back
ground of a Greek theater. Something
like a ballet in St. Mary's one would
Imagine the effect of the ordinary com
edy on Berkeley's classic stage to be.
Pitiful enough it is with all its make-up,
but what of it without its dusty hand
box of tricks, without the merciful rouge
and calcium? Picture any -one. of a late
half dozen comedies with which you are
familiar playing under the light of day,
with, for incidental music, rustling trees
and singing birds; for settings, a table,
three chairs and some potted plants: for
background, the cool and stately columned
wall of the Greek stage, as the "Twelfth
Night" was given yesterday. Picture
there, for example, "The Taming of
Helen"— but that is enough.
How glltterlngly well the. old comedy
stood the test of these conditions will
be known only to the fortunate four or
five thousand who saw It yesterday. The
illusion was complete. Even the dog that
wandered in past the tollkeepers into the
middle of a scene between Malvollo and
Viola seemed under its spell. He took
the center of the stage soberly until. the
scene was over and got a hand all to him
self as he trotted off solemnly again at
Ben Greet's amused Invitation. But the
comedy was at one with the big verities
that surrounded it. There wasn't a line
of it rang falsely. Its humor bubbled up
as spontaneously as the bird songs that
accompanied it, its poetry fell as tenderly
as the llKht of the Turner sunset that
blessed its close. Viola seemed never
more womanly gracious, Malvollo more
quaintly conceited, nor that immortal trio
—Sir Toby, Sir Andrew Aguecheek and
Feste— more tickingly humorous. It was
one more triumph for Shakespeare the
Immortal, one more proof that the play's
the thing.
It ia true that Mr. Ben Greet and his
company of English players who gave the
play were particularly happy in its inter
pretation. There was also the Interest
of Mr. Greet's own first appearance upon
the local stage, and another matter of
fascinating moment was the emerging of
the rest of the company from the Eliza
bethan incognito of "Everyman."
Shakespearean Play Is
Well Acted by Greet' s
Company.
"TWELFTH NIGHT"
ON GREEK STAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
37
AMTJSEMENTS. ,
T0.-NIGHT " M
SUNDAY. SEPT. 27— AND FOR
...ANOTHER WEEK...
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
Henry W. Savage Announces the
MERRIEST MUSICAL. COMEDY.
PRINCE
Of
P/ LSEN
By Plxley & Luders. Authors of "King Dodo."
"Oh, ihe Bubbles, the Bubbles, Bubbles!"
MONDAY. OCTOBER 5.
FLORODORA
The No. 1 New York Comuany.
SEATS READY THURSDAY. .
TIVOLr£5&
NOTE: Performances begin at 8 sharp; Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT— Last Performance- of "LA TRA-
VIATA (Camllle)."
Monday. Wednesday. Friday and Saturday
Nights.
Rossini's Famous Comedy Opera,
"THE BARBER OF SEVILLE"
Adellna Tromben. Adamo Gregoretti, Alfredo
Tedeschl, Baldo Travagllni.
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Nights. Sat-
urday Matinee, Bizet's Wonderful Work,
"C ARM BIN"
Cloe Marcheslni, Tina de Spada, Emanuele
Ischlerdo, Giuseppe Zanlnl.
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME... 25c, 50c, 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
BELASCO & MAYER, Proprietors.
Market Street. Near Eighth — Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY — To-Night Last Time of
the Tremendous Success,
AFTER DARK,
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES.
Charles A. Hoyfs Greatest Comedy Hit.
"A TEMPERANCE TOWN"
Special Engagement of the Distinguished
- Comedian,
L. R. STOCKWELL
FKIIlJ MATINEES 10c. 15c, S5c
m •»¦ *-* n r" w fl TT* Belasco & Mayer.
ALGAZAR oJ ra~£ t
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF
THE ADVENTURE OF LADY URSULA
TO-MORROW — Last 2 Weeks of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
David Belascp's Dramatic Triumph,
ZAZA
Farewell Gioconda Matinee Thursday.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Sat. Mat.. 15c to 50c.
"Night Prices at Gioconda Mat.
Oct 12 NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
' In Piriero's LADY BOUNTIFUL. .
First Time In San Francisco.
The Last "Week, Remember, of
"The Glad Hand" and "The Con-curers"
For Next Monday Night. October 5. an Entire
Change of Plays.
First Time Here of
I "The Paraders" |
A Great Eastern Musical Comedy Success.
Everything i new. Including the Music and
Songs, Dances and Marches. Scenery and Coa-
tumeSt Our "All-Star" Caet. Including
KOLB AND DILL. *
' BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
r^ ELEANOR JENKINS. '^
LECTUEES AND CONC-BTS.
¦ _<^vECm»j l i STEisrw at ' ||3r * T - T -i
jSScJEjiScBJi^^L jjllu "The Marconi of the
"CLAIRVOYANCE."
r >."~^89»^ ' Tickets, 23c, 50c.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
I MY GRAND - OFFER Tp' MEN!
| o Positively Expires October 1st. 2
§lf you wish to avail yourself of the same you q-
should act at once. Don't delay. After that date #
the offer will be withdrawn and my regular fees •
will prevail. This mctns if you are affected with 9
any uncomplicated ailment I will cure you for <*
$25.00 and accept the money In any way you wish •
to pay. All cases accepted by me are taken under a 5
legal guarantee to cure, or money refunded. My Z
records show that three-fourths of my patients ©
have either been pronounced incurable or failed o.
to let relief from other physicians. I cure such •
cases simply because I understand them, so If you *
, have become discouraged come to me and talk It 2
9 DR. HOL8MAN. Qvcr •
I I Tbe "-ut ***' I have become famous by curing the following 2
t O ¦ O ailments: §
I Lost Vitality Kidney and .%. Stricture, Rupture •
f Nervous Debility Bladder Diseases Varlcocele, Tumors •
I Special Diseases • Organic Weakness Diseases of the ®
I Blood Poison Premature Decay Heart, Lungs, etc. 2
I I make no charge for a friendly talk or correspondence. I have been exclusively a
| treating special diseases of mm; for 17 years. Nothing science can devise or money <S
t buy Is lacking In my office equipment. I 'will use you honestly, treat you skillfully 5
J and restore you to health In the shortest time, with the least medicine, discomfort •
I and expense practicable. I guarantee to cure any case. I undertake. One personal #
| visit Is always preferred, but if you cannot call at my office write -me your symp- - A
|> tams fully. Many cases can be cured at home. FREE BOOK describing my 'ii
J specialty at office or by mall. ' S
CK HDI QMiWI M n 729 MARKET «5T. (Tcp Floors S. P. 2
t • IV. nULOlVIAIM, [VI. U,, Hour«-9 to 8 Doily; Sunday 9tol2 §
AMUSEMENTS.
THREE PERFORMANCES ONLY
TO-MORROW AND TUESDAY NIGHTS
AT 8:16.
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY AT 3
SHARP.
Charles Frohman presents the Everyman
Company In Shakespeare's Comedy,
TWELFTH NIGHT
Produced In the Elizabethan manner,
with appropriate costumes, tapestries, vo- i
cal and instrumental music. '
Reserved Seats. $1 and $1 SO. at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s.
COMING— OCTOBER 13. 15 AND 17. j
AUGUSTA COTTLOW
THE EMINENT PIANISTE.
With Natorp Blumenfeld. Violinist.
GPANDfigESg
MATS.— SUNDAY. THURSDAY. SATURDAY.
A Breathless Play of Excltlm? Interest
WEEK BEGINNING
MATINEE TO-DAY
JAMES NEILL
And His Incomparable Company, In Harriet
Fard's Dramatization of Stanley Weyman's
Popular Novel,
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
A Complete Novelty to San Francisco
Packed Wallack's Theatre, New York, for
150 Nights.
pOIPCO EVENINGS 13c. 25c. 60c. 73c
rniULO MATINEES 16c, 25c. 50c j
/VIIjIFO_RNi1\1
Uj TO-NIGHT. HOTTS jjO
j Famous Political Satire. Ijf \
His .Best and Funniest Farce,
"A Texas Steer."
With the Celebrated Minstrel,
MILT BARLOW
As the "MINISTER TO DAHOMEY."
James Devlin as "Brander."
May Brelonne as "Boesy."
Wm. Marble Jr. as "Brassy Gall."
lff°B NEXT ~ WEST MINSTRELS j CS» .
j"| | lip I
liHE-ATRlll
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening In the Theater.
LARKINS AND PATTERSON; FREEZE
BROTHERS: LOUIE DACRE: GRIERSON
SISTERS: EXC*LLA: MAY LAMSON. AND
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Visit the MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE* ZOOl '•;;; ¦;-
— ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. So
SATURDAY, October 3. at 8 p. m. In
STEINWAY HALL.
THE SECOND RECITAL OF THE SEASON-
WILL. BE GIVEN.'
MR. PERCIVAL VAN YORX Will Preside at
the Piano with the Aid of
THE ANGELUS.
MRS. L. SNIDER JOHNSON, soprano, will be
the Soloist of the Occasion.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at the
store any time before the recital. . V
Sherman. ¦ Clay & Co.. Kearny and Sutter Sts.
VfihcP DON'T FAIL TO
taiayv gee beautiful
¦t COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
? :"""\ PARLOR, the
p _ PALM ROOM, the
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
vi uiiu LOR mad the jj^
II__~i_ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
H Week Commencing THIS ASTER- HI
H NOOX, September 27. E3
I Vaudeville Dazzlers ! |
I myles McCarthy |
g AwUted by MIS9 AII>A -WOOIjCOTT. ¦
0 In His Copyrighted Success. _
Q "THB RACB TOUT'S DRBASI." jj
|~~~ALiixIusr~~ :
ZZ Ths World's Greatest Acrobatlo ~
•3 Bicyclist. W
H AL WILUARD £
I CARLETON and TERRE I
B Prestntln* "A STRING TOWN TAP." Q
? la Their Novel ty, "X FRENCH q
q FRAPPB." S
U Tremendous Success and L_*t W*e5e of a
8 FALKE and SEHON §
S Premier Musical Comedians. ~*
¦"^mrlesIrnesT' ¦
Q "Sor.gs and Sayings." £«
inSARLOandllDF"!
j Wonderful Horizontal Bar Performsri. ™
¦New™b¥nCTilRESg
¦ Bhowlns: th» Latest Novelties. fa
1 Last Week of th« Sensation of tha ¦
¦ City. Q
g| E. ROUSBT'S Spectacular Novelty, g
I "IN PARIS" §
gj An Electrical Review In Four Tableaux m
j Q Parquet, any teat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; g
1 n Children, any part except reserved. 10c. ¦
; i A few front orchestra rows, reserved. J
, 2 0Oc: front rows of balcony, re- ¦*
H »erved. 23c. C
¦¦¦¦¦--¦¦U-BB-a-UlB-Ba
UNION
COURSING
ANDREW DEAN. Judxe.
JAS. F. ORACB. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Sept. 27, 1903
COURSING EXTRAORDINARY.
| Most Classic Stakes Ever
i Drawn.
! Fourth Annual California Fu-
turity.
Champions in All -Age Events.
Exciting Match Race Between
?RECTOR and POCATELLI
Postponed Finals in Last
Week's Open and Coursing
Committee Stakes.
100 IN THE RUNNING 100
_Jotamirsc^2500_
! SPECIAL. TRAIN SERVICE.
—JTralna will leave Third and Townsend ttreets
at 10:15 a. m., 11 a. m. 12 m. and 1 p. m..
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five minutes
later, returning at *:iS V- m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars direct to the *
park entrance every five minutes during the
dar ' ADMISSION FREE.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GOLDEN GATE HALL
625 STTTTER STREET.
TO-NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK.
MR. C. W. LEADBEATER
Of London,
Occultist and Theosophlst.
Will Lecture Upon "REINCARNATION."
ADMISSION. 25 CEXT3.
EXCURSION TO ANTIOCD AND
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER
ON STEAMER SUNOL.
Will leave Washing on- st. wharf at 9:30
a. m.. SUNDAY. Sept. 27. 1903. Rcuad trip."
60 cents. Tickets will be sold at the wharf on
Sunday mornlnx. Music and dancing. Tha
last excursion of the leaion.
EVERY WOMAN
j - is inter eyted and should know
_^^5^^^^ about the wonderful
MARlfEl whirling
4 «Sw;,l4 MAnf CL spray
M^-TO'm 1 he new Varfaal Syria*!.
lflWi.S\A^\iS-»\ » l»jtction and Suction.
tiviSSs^ r?fV'VM Best— Safest-Most Con.
venient. ItCleaases
X,^^g^*^^-^^ lastxatly.
Ask yonr irtitjUt for It \S, /ffly75W!^^^^^~
If h* cannot (apply <ka >18'^C ™/*£<5 .
MAKTSIi. »ceept no . \Bt brafsZ^r*
MkCT. but »«nd tt«mp foe niu»- Vl f "*'.tyfas
mtedbook— scnl«<(. It e^es flail V,, I '''ft
Mrticulan an<i oirwtirn^ iavaluabl# *^V* § , M
toUdie- MABVri CO.. °>itei#
Boca 208. Ttn— Bis.. Ntw Torfc.
t*"^% "^W k wm£|- BX bhP^*"*3Bbk
ta k BB A ¦flp^- tH mm ~W9
1 • J li B^l m BSi ©Tc^
m fii kJ a _S Wvah 21 bSai el
fa Ji Vt I -I --I R ik M
n~nnoilT?O FOR barbers, ba-
JJ XI U IJ Xl ill WJ kers - boo^Ucks. baUi-
i/llUDlluu houses, billiard tables,
brewers. bookclnJers. candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, .
•tablemen, tar-rcofers. Unners, tailors, etc.
BUCZA.KA3T BSOS.,
Brrtaa Maanf acturex«, 609 Sacramento St.
WeeMy Can $1.00 dbi Year
iinmviiimffJ'JHIMJ— MfHIBaB»__BMffl— M«aM*Mi_a_a_K^g^B
fn f f ...Art Supplement... TD F f I
IlLL WITH EX^ ™^^.j^>
| _3_^ir>__is_v_:_A_ir) roses. 1
1 1 This picture shows a bouquet of Bridesmaid roses, nearly life size, in a P
I j deep red jardiniere, standing out clear from a dark background. It is a repro- g§
¦ duction of an original oil paintinj? bv Franz Mortclmans. the distinguished
j flower painter of Belgium. It won a gold medal for him at the Brussels Expo-
¦ sition in 1890.
j i ' Franz Mortelmana was born in Antwerp in 1865 and is considered by many
j the greatest living painter of flowers. His father was a painter of artistic
I tastes, whose greatest joy was the progress and education- of his children in the
j arts he loved so well — painting and music. It was his habit to take them fre-
j quently on excursions to the woods in search of flowers. Nothing pleased the
t little Franz more than to draw crude forms in the dry earth and sand. Display-
[; ing unusual aptitude in outlining flowers and still life, at the early age of 11
h he went to the academy to become a decorator and scene painter. At the age
! } of 16 he sent a canvas to the biennial salon at Goud. Another, exhibited in
] London, sold for £40 sterling, being the only Belgian picture our-
1! chased. After spending two years in the army he studied at Verlat and at the
[j Ir.stitut Superieur. In i88q he exhibited at the exposition of Ghent and re-
I i ceived Governmental reward. \ In 1800 the same honor was granted him at |i
] Brussels. His studio is now in Antwerp and his paintings are in demand M
\\ throughout Europe and America. The Queen of Belgium recently purchased' §1
1 one of his rose pictures. He is a lover of sport and he is frequently seen in the R
country followed by two dogs, giving free Tein to his ever-working imagina- |
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL I
I Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. I
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty ot Framing Call Art Supplements: _______ I
SACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mler & street; Gcge's art store. 509 East SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co. M
ICo €16 Jstreet: C. N. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store. 426 71 F street. , * u " r . « *• H
CtoTe. 817 K street. East Jlalna t reet. FRESNO- Sronce & Dick. M
PETALUMA— H. S. Gutermute, J. MAmsviLLE— G. W Hall. REDDING— W. H. Bergh. -3err»» U
M- Wyckoff. OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston. 1
BAN JOSE — George Denue. M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, , 3(9 Houston Furniture Company. li
„„ ""1 so,T Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITY W L Kline. «
Bros/ book ALAMEDA-C. P. Mairajmos. 1358 SANTA CRUZ^H. E. Irish. C&lM 1
etore. 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. ,«.„„ Bros.. F. R. Hew, George Hoban. S3
Btockton Racket store. 711 East Mala CHICO — Fetters & -Williams. JACKSON — E. G. Freeman Co. B
r^i'v^ ApVERTISEMENTS. ; ; ;
THE UNUSUAL AS USUAL____ I
PRICES^ I
The season has hardly commenced. Some houses have not even re- »
ceived their full lines. It is so different here. We begin j*
CUTTING PRICES |
To-Morrow (Monday) and Following Days This Week. I
#P $17.50and$15.00TaflorSuits j
/||||| Rate <4/I_£«xJ\/ 8
&*§&l|g||f&^ They are the newest styles Louis XIV and Cut- 8
away effect; new mixture ; good material, good S
Jlliffu^ A workmanship; equal to any $20 suit in the city. 8
Jfjf!! $22.50and$20.00TailorSvits |
JM K. $17.50 1
v ?r Very handsome styles, artistic tailoring and per- «
feet fitting; only the newest and most desirable ma- a
<^M $32.50 Novelty Tailor Suits 1
_Jj^L Cut itO K i\£\ I
< wi%D > • Ratc m*-^ # "" i
Ji'iu ThI Imported cloth, fancy tvyeed and fine Venetian. A g
L '; ./] ;J1 $50.00 made-to-order suit is not superior in style g
r^\ "> liy •11 or workmanship. Ask to see them. 8
\| i %J) FUR JACKETS AND FUR CAPES g
l! §^_^ at Cvt-Ratc ' Prices. I
v,fc— Si^T Newest style Silk and Cloth Coats lower than §
I \\ anywhere. ___________ S
1230, 1232, 1234 Market Street, San Francisco. |CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept. 20.'— The opening
game of the season on Soldiers' Field was won
by Harvard from Williams to-day by a score
of 17 to O. • The game was replete ' with bril
liant plays, the Harvard backs doing excellent
work individually. Both teams relied on the
old style playing, using only simple line bucks
and short end runs. Williams made little gain
through the Harvard line and waa forced to
punt on almost every trial. On the other
hand the crimson team gained at will through
all parts of their opponent's line. Lineup:
Harvard. Position. Williams*.
Mills RUht end Jerekl.
Parkins ........ J Right tackle. ........ Blxby.
Shea ..-:....... .Right guard. . .... ... Bennett.
Carrick Center ...... Elbred-Pease.
Robins-Carburn . .Left guard .; . . . .Hermanns.
Knowlton Left tackle ........ Murray.
liurgess ......... Left end Jarakell.
Marshall .# Quarterback .... Kayne.
Nichols ' L«ft halfback ..... Guttersoa
Randall Brown.
Harris-Hanley.... Fullback .Peabody-Durnfee.
Bchoepelhoss .. Right halfback Wilson.
Llndsey. >' : Dobson.
SUMMART.
Rolls Up a Score of 17 to O Against
the Williams Team.
HARVARD ELEVEN WINS.
The following practice games were
played: Y. C. Lawson and the Rev.
Guthrlo beat M. L. Crowe and A. Hay,
21-19: J. C. Moffatt beat A. McNair, 21-15;
H. Tlckner and R. C. McBean beat W.
Stewart and J. Gray, 21-18; J>L Crowe and
Stewart beat Tickner and Hoy, 21-6; J.
Gray beat G. Center, 21-9.
Women's Suffrage i Association the fol
lowing resolution was adopted:
We, the members of the State executive
board, being residents of -San Francisco, and
possessing every qualification required of "Voters
of this city, except that of being males, - do
solemnly proclaim It our right and duty to
protest against the sex discrimination that
bars us from expressing our opinion at the
ballot box at the coming bond Issue election,
and . to express . the hope that In - this enlight
ened age the ban of Bex will be removed from
the women of this city and that hereafter they
will be permitted to exercUe the tame right of
franchise that men count so precious (or them-
The closest tournament matches' were
those In which J. M. Earsman beat A.
Foreman and Hugh Ban* teeat Dr. Craw
ford. Both were won by a score of 21-17.
T. McXauKht proved much too strong for
J. Reid, whom he beat 21-13. J. C. Moffatt
beat D. L. Dunn 21-7.
Pour matches were, played in the second
round of the Scottish bowling tournament
on the park rinks yesterday afternoon.
The players were so numerous that it be
came necessary to divide the green Into
eight rinks, thus affording accommoda
tions for 64 players. Besides the tour
nament matches many interesting prac
tice games yere played.
Scottish Bowling Matches.
Resolved. That the members and friends cf
the University Mound and Bay View Improve
ment Club be fteCSed to cast their ballots on
October 9 against the lESuanoe of the so-called
Geary-street bonds.
Whereas, We are folly Impressed with the
power cf the Board of Public World not to do
(even at the request of the Board of Supervis
ors nor the mandates of the court) anything
that they do not consider of personal benefit to
themselves; and
Whereas, The press of the city has at vari
ous times ret forth many facts concerning the
workings of eald board that have Impressed us
unfavorably; therefore be It
At a meeting of th»~ University Mound
and Bay View Improvement Club on the
25th lnst. th£ following preamble and res
olution were adopted:
Whereas, An election will be held on Thurs
day, October 8, for the Issuance of bonds for
the acquisition and operation of the Ge&ry-
Etreet Railroad by the city; and
Whereaa. If the voters en that day cast two
thirds of the votes favorable to the issuance of
these bonds that that action will then place the
carrying out of the enterprls© in the hands of
the Board of Public Works; and
Whereas. The Board of Public Works has for
the past three years, by allowing- th« streets
of the University Mcund and Bay View dis
tricts to be occupied by cattle corrals, vegeta
ble and florist e&rdens, willfully deprived th«
residents of both these districts and the public
at large the free use of the public streets of
these districts, thereby depriving them of quick
means of access to their business and compell
ing them to take circuitous routes to their vot
ing booths; and
Improvement Club Members Against
Geaiy-Stxeet Bonds.
)WV I»H.TSR OPPOSITION.
General Hamilton came i here on the In
vitation of General Corbin and other
American army officers, whom he met; at
the German army maneuvers, and he will
be accompanied by some. of them in his
trip to the Southern battlefields. '
"I have only five weeks' leave of ab
sence, so that I shall not be able to stay
as long as I wish. I want to look over
the great battlefields of your Civil War—
.Gettysburg, Antietanv, Chancellorville,
'Fredericksburg and the rest."" ;
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— Lieutenant Gen
eral Sir Ian Hamilton, who participated
In the defense of Ladysmlth, arrived
from Liverpool on the Lucanla ' to-day.
General Hamilton will remain in this
country three weeks and a portion of that
time will be spent in Canada, visiting
various military posts. General Hamil
ton said:
. Ouest of American Army
' Officers.
Sir Ian Hamilton Comes Here as the
NOTED BRITISH GENEEAL >
ARRIVES FROM LIVERPOOL
SATURDAY, SEPT 26.
Philip J. Haver to Emille A. Haver, let on
N line of Page street. CO E of LyOJi, E 25
by N 100; also lot on NW corner of Guerrero
and Twentieth streets, N 60:6 by W 104:10;
also lot on W line of Pierce street. 142:6 N
of Ilalght. N 25 by W 87:6;> gift.
Pacific Theological Seminary \o Gerhard
Bruns, lot on E line of Chattanooga street,
260 K of Twenty-second. N 26 by E 123; $211)0.
Mary and Nicolo Varnl (formerly Mary or
Maria Grani) to Alfred T. Powell, lot on S
line of Nineteenth street. 50 W of Noe, W
25 by S 86, Quitclaim deed; $1.
Philip J. Haver to Emllie A. Haver, lot on
S line of Twenty-fourth street, 75 E of Do
lores. E 25 by S 100; sift.
Henry H. Buhne to Oscar Heyman.' lot on
S line of Army street, 323 W of Guerrero, W
25 by S 114: $10.
Frank J. and Mary L. Stanton to Moses
J. Franklin, lot on E line of Douglass street,
247:6 N of Eighteenth, N 24:6 by E 125; $10.
Robert, Joseph and Eustace Barron. Mary
G. de Longueuil (formerly Mary Barron), John
de Loneueull, Roberta U. Tottenham (tormerly
Roberta Barron) and Frederick L. Tottenham
to Herbert E. Law, lot on N line of Pine
street, 137:6 W of Dupont, W 137 :C, N 183:4.
B C8:9 S 28:4, E €8:9, S 17:6, E 20, 8 67:6.
W 20, S SO; $0250.
Isabella Inches to Jessie Malerbt (wife of
Allebrandro), lot on E lin« of Buena Vista
(Prospect) place, 81 S of Sacramento street,
S 25 by E 60; $10.
Elizabeth G. Blangy to Adolph H. Melletz.
lot on S corner of Mission and Steuart streets.
SE 06 by SW 45:10; $5.
Hannah Mahran to Catharina Olsen, lot on
SE line of Perry street. 175 SW of Third, SW
21:3 by SE 80; $10.
Julius Olsen to same, same; gift.
Adolph H. Melletz to Elizabeth G. Blangy,
lot on 8W comer of Rltch and Brannan streets,
W 62:2. S 75. W 26:1,, S 25, E 78:3, N
100; $5.
Kstate of George D. Melletz (by Adolph II.
Melletz, trustee) to same, earns, quitclaim
deed; ? — — .
William M. and Mary E. do Wolf to Jennie
H. Ballingall, lot on S line of California street,
82:6 E of Fifth avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Estate of Frederlo Gamier (by Alexandrine
Sarraille, administratrix) to Alexandrine Sar.
rallle. lot on E line of . Palmer street. 79 N
of Fall-mount. N 25, E 118:9. S 25. W 113:2,
lot 2, block 19, Fail-mount; $1.
Title Insurance and Guaranty Company to
Mercantile Trust Company, lot on N corner of
Ninth and F streets. NW 100 by NE 100,
block 159. South San Francisco Homestead:
also lot on SW line of Fifth avenue. 150 S3
of B street. SE 75 by SW 200. block 108. same;
$ia
Ebeneier Knowlton to Charles E.\Wllson,
lot on E line of Thornton street. 200 N of
Garfleld E .1D0 by N 50, lots 13 and 14, block
4, City Land Association; $100.
Builders' Contracts.
St. Andreas German KIrche (owners) with H.
T. Grleb (contractor), architects O'Brien &
Werner — All work for a - one-story and base
ment frame church on N.line of Union street,
221:6.W of Powell. W 30:10 by N 137:6; $5000.
John E. Richards Jr. (owner) with Forbes &
Bruestle (contractors), architect Charles Haynes
— All work for alterations and : additions to
frame building," 612 Guerrero street, and a new
two-story frame building (flats) on W line ol
Guerrero street, 196 8 Of Eighteenth, S 61 by
W 1C0: $10,403.
'¦ F.' F. Connolly (owner) with E. de Berg ard
Peter Lansing' (contractors), - architect C. S.
•McNally— All work for building onN line ol
Ivy street. ; 93 E*of Webster, 725 Grove: ?2200.
, Esther M. Wilson (owner) .with A. . H. Wii
helm (contractor), architects Cunningham &
Politeo— Carpenter work, flues, roofing, ¦ staff
work,* mill work, glasa and glazing, stairs,
hardware, ¦ plastering, tinning- and galvanized
iron work for a four-story and basement frame
building on ¦ SW corner of Pacific avenue and
Broaerick street. W 75 by S 100; $31,000.
Esther M. Wilson (owner) with William F.
Wilson Company (contractors), architects same
— Gas fitting. ' plumbing and sewering for Bame
on same; $4225. » - ¦ :
¦ Same owner with National Electric Company
(contractors), . architects same — "Wiring for elec
tric lighting.' bells.* telephones for same on
kojtia: 11 QXa /3awi>BBW -''
2:13 trotting class, purse $500 — Allabriene
won tha first and fourth heats In 2:10%,
2:12%. ~ Direct View won the third heat In
2:14%. Crescent won the second' heat in
2:11h. I 'uk and Annie Little also started.
2:05 pacing class, purse $800 — Dariel won in
two straight heats in 2:0614. 2:05. Shadow
Chimes, Sir Alcantara and Frank Yoakum also
started.
2:13 pace, purae $300— t)on Cosine won the
second and third heats In 2:10. 15:121*. Garnet
won the first heat in 2:10. Indiana John, J.
W. Patterson, Hale B, Little Fred, Piccolo,
Lucre and Hero Alcyoner also started.
2:18 trotting class, purse $500 (unfinished
from Friday) — Byrnle won first and third heats
in 2:13%, 2:15. Alfonso Maid won the second
heat in 2:12%. Joe N, Cordovan, Ballerton
and Hie Boy also started.
2:00 pacing class, purse (500 (unfinished
from Friday) — Theron Powers won the third
and fourth heats in 2:08*4, 2:11>6. Nonamle
won the first heat In 2:08V&. Blrdina won the
eecond heat in 2:09%. Diabllta, Gyp Walnut,
Gold Brick and Frlelmont also started.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26. — At the Empire City
track to-day. In the 2:18 trot left over from
yesterday, Byrnlo won the necessary heat by
three lengths. In the 2:09 pace Theron Powers
defeated the favorite Nonainle with a little to
spare. The 2:25 trot waa declared off. Sum
mary:
Wins the Purse in the 2:09 Pacing
Class at the Empire City
; Track. .*
THEBON POWERS DEFEATS
THE FAVORITE NONAMIE
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
LISBON, Portugal, Sept. 26.— The Port
uguese Government has decided to estab
lish a special police force at the Azores
.Islands to prevent the secret emmigra
'tion which has been proceeding for a con
siderable time, especially to the United
States.
Portugal to Stop Secret Emmigration.
Replacing Flour Mill Strikers.
MINNEAPOLIS,, Sept. 26.— Two flour
mills were started to-day and the mill
owners say they are gradually getting
men to take the places of the strikers.
The latter sent a delegation to the uni
versity to-day to ask the students not to
take the places offered to them.
Wreckage From Missing Steamer.
NORFOLK, Va., Sept 26.— A Govern
ment message to the Norfolk Observer
states that the wreckage ashore off Cof
feys Inlet is undoubtedly that of the
missing steamer Beatrice, from. Cape
Charles. Nothing has been learned as to
the fate of her crew.
Two tennis tournaments being on the
tapis for to-day the attendance on the
courts yesterday was rather light for Sat
urday. The annual election of officers
was held at the California Tennis Club
and the following were elected directors:
W. S. McGavln, W. B. Collier, Frank
Mitchell, Harry Haight, Dr. Lovegrove,
Dr. Noble and Grant Smith. A lack of
opposition caused a light vote^ The newly
elected board of directors will meet early
next week to elect officers.
The first handicap doubles tournament
for the three-time challenge cups will be
played to-day on the California Club
courts. Ten teams have already entered
and more are expected this morning. The
following matches will be played: Russell
and Janes (2-6) vs. Whitney and Brady
(3-6); Dunlap and Routh (scratch) vs. the
winner: Baker brothers (scratch) vs. Tel
ler and Otes (5-6): Mann and Finnegan
(4-6) vs. the winner.
The best match played on the California
Club courts was the singles between Will
Allen and Norman Hodgkinson, The
crack professional won two sets, but had
to extend himself to do so. The follow
ing matches were played:
Hodgkinson beat Allen, 6-4, 7-5, and H.
Long, 6-0, 6-3, 6-0, 6-1, 6-3; Daggett and
Dr. Lovegrove tied Dole and Gray, 6-4,
7-5, 3-6. 5-7; Dr. Noble beat Little, 6-0, 6-3.
6-2;- McAfee and Cogwell (30) beat C.
Smith and Beyfuss, 6-2, 7-5, 3-6; Cogwell
beat McAfee, 7-5; Salisbury and Allen beat
Rolfe and Parker, 6-4, 6-3, 8-4; H. Gabriel
beat Drolla, 6-2, 6-4, 6-3: B. Golcher beat
G. Lisser, 7-5, 6-4.
Owing to Absence of Opposition a
Light Vote Is Cast— Practice \ •
Matches.
CALIFORNIA TENNIS CXTJB
ELECTS NEW OFFICERS
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2S.-Jack John
son has accepted the offer of the Century
Club of a purse of $4000 for a twenty
round fight with Sam McVey in Los An
geles, October 27. The battle will be for
the colored heavyweight championship of
the world. Manager McCary sent trans
portation to-day for Johnson to San
Francisco and it is expected he will start
south to-night or to-morrow and will im
mediately begin training for the event.
McVey is already here and has signed
articles.
Johnson to Fight McVey.
At San Rafael yesterday the Trinity
football team of San Francisco lost, by
default, the first game of the eeason, be
ing hitherto undefeated. The Hichcock
Military Academy team was given the
game by a score of 6-0. The Hichcock
team Is one of the strongest lightweight
teams in the State. It is coached by Holt
of Reliance and is looked on as a sure
winner in the Hichcock-Mount Tamalpals
Academy game, which is the big game of
the season for the preparatory schools of
the northwestern bay counties.
Trinity Eleven Loses by Default.
MINNEAPOLIS. Sept. 26.-In thirty
five minutes' play Minnesota scored 29
points on the Carloton College team to
day. Their opponents, who out-weighed
them ten pounds to the man, fought every
yard and displayed good team work.
Minnesota showed much Improvement
over last week's high school game. There
was considerable fumbling. Carleton once
got the ball to Minnesota's two yard line,
but lost it in a fumble and blocked place
kick. Weather cool, attendance 2000.
Touchdowns— Bergen, O'Brien (2), Nuess
ler, Irsfleld. Goals— Rogers (4.)
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— Columbia
opened the football season to-day at the
Polo Grounds when her varsity eleven de
feated the team from Wesleyan by a
score of 10 to 0. The local eleven proved
strong on the line and in the back field,
but was weak at the ends and fumbled at
danserous times.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Sept. 26.— Yale
and Trinity opened the football season
here to-day in a one-sided game. Yale
scored 35 points and Trinity failed to
make five yards in either half.
ITHACA, N. Y., Sept. 26.— Cornell to-day
defeated Hobart on the gridiron by a
score of 12 to 0. Cornell's tallies were
made on two touchdowns and a safety.
The visitors did not come within striking
distance of the Cornell goal and never
made five yards in three downs.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.— Fully. 12,000
persons witnessed the opening of the foot
ball Beason here between Pennsylvania
and Dlckenson. The score was Pennsyl
vania 17, Dickenson 0.
Prior to the game the reconstructed
Franklin field was formally opened. The
feature of the game was the excellent
work of Pennsylvania's new man back of
the line, Reynolds' punting being partic
ularly noteworthy. Touchdowns—Rey
nolds, Bennett (2), Drake, Zellllgan. Goals
from touchdown— Mitchell (2). Length of
halves 20 minutes.'
Five Points to Their
Nothing.
Defeats Trinity by a Score of Thirty-
YALE FOOTBALL ELEVEN
WINS A ONE SIDED GAME
John Hertz, representing Benny Yanger,
and Miko Short, acting for Eddie Hanlon,
met yesterday at the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club and selected Eddie Smith of
Oakland as referee of Tuesday night's
fight.
The agreement was quickly reached,
each manager being satisfied with the
man wKo refereed the last bout. The
boxers are pronounced in the best possible
condition and each is sanguine of success.
Hanlon's friends claim he is greatly im
proved. Yanger's Injured hands are again
sound and he does not try to conceal the
fact that he expects to win decisively.
Oakland Official Is Agreed Upon
Quickly by the Managers of
the Boxers.
SMITH WILL REFEREE
YANGER-HANLON BOUT
At the meeting of the committee on res
olutions Grove L. Johnson sought to have
adopted a clause requiring that no man
should receive a nomination at the hands
of the convention who had not supported
the regular Republican nominee for May
or and other offices at the last municipal
election. This was a direct slap at those
aspirants for nominations £h{l those dele
gates who had supported George H. Clark
in his last independent campaign for May
or. The committee declined to adopt
Johnson's proposal. During the conven
tion Johnson made a remark that he was
not running affairs, and this caused
Chairman Ennis to make a warm retort,
trie convention apparently sustaining him.
The full ticket nominated follows, the
election to take place in November: May
or, Albert Elkus; Auditor and Assessor,
J. D. Young; Collector, J. E. Govan;
Treasurer, C. M. Prodger; City Attorney,
S. Luke Howe; Trustee, Second War<3,
Edward McEwen; Fourth Ward. E. P.
Hammond; Sixth Ward, F. E. Wright;
Eighth Ward, H. C. Fisher; School Direc
tors. First Ward, Burton Hodson; Third
Ward, William Lampert: Seventh Ward,
J. ~i\ Skellon; Ninth ward, Leon G. Shep
ard ' f
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 26.— Albert Elkus
was nominated for Mayor by the Repub
licans assembled In municipal convention
to-night The proceedings were enlivened
by several Incidents, one of which was
an exchange of words between Chairman
Scott F. Ennls and former Congressman
Grove L. Johnson, a delegate. The reso
lutions were of special significance, as
much interest had been taken in the prob
able position of the convention on the
saloon question, which has been occupy
ing public attention for months. The
platform adopted by the convention fa
vors the maintenance of the strong regu
lative ordinance recently put into effect
providing for the • issuance of no new
saloon licenses until the number shall have
been reduced to 100.
Speeches.
Convention at the Capital Is En
livened by Some Red Hot
SACRAMENTO REPUBLICANS
NAME ELKUS FOR. MAYOR
Captain Handy of the West Forty-cev
enth-street police station hopes to make
an arrest soon. He and Coroner Scholer
are widely at variance in their theories.
In the opinion of the Coroner the assault
which resulted in Verdu's death was
probably committed by thugs hired by
the woman under surveillance to drive
away the detectives. Captain Handy and
Detective Sergeant Arthur. Casey do not
agree with this view of the case ajid hold
that the assault resulted because of a
mistaken opinion as to the purpose of the
"shadowers" by persons in the vicinity.
According to those who witnessed the
assault six young men rushed upon Verdu
and Hansen, and, heaping vile epithets
upon them, proceeded to beat them with
fists and clubs. Verdu was struck sense
less at first and died later at a hospital.
Hansen is held at the station until some
evidence can be gathered.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— Having been as
signed to a case that Involved the repu
tation of a woman, the wife of a man
in business below Wall street, Frederick
A. Verdu and James Hansen took their
station in West Fifty-eighth street on
Thursday afternoon. They had been in
structed to "shadow" the woman, whose
husband suspected her of infidelity, and
serve papers upon her if she attempted
to leave the city.
The two men remained In Fifty-fifth
street near Eighth avenue, several houra
on Thursday afternoon. Their presence
was noticed by the children of the neigh
borhood, one of whom asked Verdu for a
penny. Thinking to avoid attention, Ver
du told the little one he would give a
penny to the one who would be the first
to do a eum in arithmetic. The children
gathered about him and he had them add
a few figures.
When Verdu and Hansen returned on
Friday afternoon to their post they were
immediately recognized by the children.
Again sums were paid for with pennies,
but Verdu did not find it easy to rid him
self of the youngsters. Finally either he
or Hansen attempted to frighten the chil
dren by telling them that If they did not
run away they would be kidnapped.
Soon it was reported about the street
that the two strangers were kidnappers,
or worse. Following that the report,
which has been demonstrated to have had
absolutely no foundation, was circulated,
that insults had been put upon some of
the little girls.
These stories found belief among- the
men in the neighborhood. In the evening
reports to the detriment of the detectives
multiplied and a delegation of young
men, who believed that Verdu and Han
sen were molesting children, warned the
detectives to leave the neighborhood. The
men moved off down the street stopping
In front of No. 357, where they eat upon
an iron fence.
Suecial Dispatch to The Call.
In an application for a modification of
the decree of divorce granted her last
July from Edward Bruce Elliott Lillian
Elliott says that her husband fears to
return to this city because he la Indebted
to the firm of Goldberg, Bowen & Co.,
his former employers, In the sum of $900.
She says he fears prosecution and will
never pome back and for that reason she
asks the court to modify her decree of di
vorce by awarding her the custody of
the child, who was given into Elliott's
custody in the original decree.
A suit for divorce was filed by Mabel
Trask against Henry C. Trask. They
were married in August, 1900. According
to the complaint Trask,- abandoned his
wife in April of the following year. De
sertion is charged in the complaint filed
by Edward Shay against Mary Shay.
A divorce for desertion was granted to
Anna E. Flagg from Edward Flagg.
FEARS PROSECUTION.
It was not until 1897 that the cats were
brought In Colson's unhappy life. In that
year Mrs. Cclson developed a fond
ness for cats of every degree and
fairly filled her house with them.
Some were sick, and they were all
dirty, but their condition only af
fected Colson. Every room In the house
was eoon filled with them and their num
bers increased, despite Colson's frequent
raids and attempts to kill every one of
them. Mrs. Colson cared only for the
cats, with the natural result that the Col
son home soon became a wreck. The un
lucky husband's friends for a time con
tinued their visits, but for a very short
time, and soon the visits ceased alto
gether. They preferred leaving him to
the company of his Wife and her cats to
running the risk of being infested with
vermin and having their clothes ruined
and their olfactory nerves shocked by a
call at the Colson home. It was early in
March, 1902, that Colson, driven almost
crazy by his wife and her cats, deter
mined to end it all. In March of that
year he left his home and came to this
city and established a residence. When
he was here a year he consulted a lawyer
and the suit was filed, which yesterday
resulted In the severance of his Irksome
bonds.
Such fights followed In rapid order dur
ing the next few years and he was finally
compelled to retire from business. Even
then he -was' not free from attacks by his
wife, for she wrote letters to his suc
cessor in business and to the guests of
the hotel, in which she said her husband
was guilty of all sorts of unseemly ac
tions.
QUARRELED OFTEN.
"Then you must have a divorce," cried
the lawyer. And the next day the suit
was filed. It was heard yesterday by
Judge Murasky, who promptly gave Col-
Fon a decree on the ground of cruelty.
Numerous depositions of Boston people
corroborative of Colson's tale were read
In evidence.
Colson's complaint is one of the most
complete recitals of the troubles of mar
ried life ever filed here. It recites that
he was married at Mattapolsett, Mass.,
in November. 1S7S. For fourteen years
he and his wife were happy. It was in
1832 that their troubles commenced. He
was at that time a prosperous hotel-keep
er at £ommerville. He did not live at his
hotel, but maintained a handsome resi
dence near by. His wish was that his
wife should take ur> her residence at the
hotel, but she would not. This led to
the first auarrel, and soon his wife was
making his life miserable by accusing
him of conduct unbecoming a good hus
band. She came to his hotel and insulted
his guests and one night broke up a -whist
party. She sa.ld the game was Immoral
and insisted that he should leave. She
compelled him to take her home and on
the way thither abused him, winding up
her tirade by kicking and scratching him
and endeavored to stab him with a hat
pin.
Once here. Colson set about making bis
emancipation final. He betook himself
to the ofllce of a lawyer and told his
tale of woe. The legal '.uminary was puz
zled, for he had never brought an action
against the feline tribe. He thought of
Injunction proceedings, mandamus and
even habeas corpus. But there was no
relief for Colaon in any of these proceed
ings. "Who owns these cats?" said the
lawyer, hoping for a response that would
aid him.
"Mrs. Susan Loring Colson, my wife,"
said Colson.
CONSULTS LAWYER.
A cat met him at every turn. An angry
"pst" and a chorus of blood curdling
"mews" greeted his every move. When
he retired at night he needs must exer
cise great care lest he should disturb the
slumbers of a feline snugly ensconced
between the sheets of his bed. When
he arose in the morning he had to
exercise great precaution lest he should
expose his bare feet to the claws of nu
merous pussies and provoke a melody that
would ring in his ears for the rest of
the day. In fact, every minute of Henry
Wyman Page Colson's time at his home
in Sommervllle. Mass., was spent in
dodging cats. For five years he stood it
and then fled to this city. Here he was
free from the presence of cats of all
kinds, whether they were costly Angoras,
pedigreed Maltese or members of the
Thomas and Maria family whose mid
night stunts would drive a deacon to the
xise of profanity and the most dignified
citizen to unseemly antics with bootjacks
and other prized- possessions.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council, was presented and
made a short address, predicting that all
those with whom he ¦was most lntinuitely
associated, the laboring people, would
give their united support for the meas
ures.
Mayor Bchmits arrived late at the meet
ing, but when his presence was discovered
in the hall he was called to the platform.
He was given a warm greeting as he
strode up to the stage. His remarks were
brief, but he pointed out forcibly the
necessity for supporting all of the provi
sions mentioned in the bond issue, dwell
ing particularly on the moral necessity
of carrying the St. Mary's square propo
sition.
Following the addresses a series of ete
reoptlcon views were given, and the en
tire audience remained to witness them.
"We have a great continent at our back
rr.d a great ocean at our feet for the ex
ten'sion of our commerce, two elements
that with proper utilization will make San
rVancisco the metropolis of civilization,
population and commerce of the entire
world. Even now we are no longer in the
back yard of the nation; we are in the
front yard. California has the resources
to make it greater than Italy, and is cap
able of sustaining SO.OOO.OM or 40,000,000 of
people. Of this' vast empire San Francis
co must and will be the greatest city."
He expressed his unqualified approval
of every one of the provisions suggested
by the Supervisors, and especially plead.
c-d for the appropriation for St Mary's
square.
ELEMENTS OF GREATNESS.
WIT AND WISDOM.
Carl Sweisrert made a clever address,
altogether too ehort for the temper of his
ujdience. He seasoned his reasoning
with a plentiful sprinkling of wit, and
was frequently interrupted by prolonged
bursts of applause. Among the olher good
things, he called Ella JVheeler "Wilcox
•'one of the sweetest stenographers of na
ture." He eald that Telegraph Hill vras
rapidly being untclegraphed by the con
tractors and placed under the jurisdiction
of the rock-crusher. Speaking of land
marks, he said that Mr. Platt's Geary
street jauntirig cars had been running- to
the cemetery for thirty years, and they
were now going thither, never to return.
They would be added to the landmarks, a
plentiful supply of which were In evi
dence in Carville. Then the city would
Luild its own line, >rith underground trol
ley and overland speed and one seat per
I>assenser, not one eeat per — haps. The
speaker favored every one of the better
ments proposed, and clinched his argu
ments wittily.
Samuel M. EhoTtriage, always elo'quent
surpassed himself In pleading for the im
provements purposed by the bond issue.
"It is due to ourselves and our posterity*
he Bald, "that we make of San Francisco
the most beautiful city on this or any
other continent. By the foundation which
we lay shall those who follow us measure
the exertions which they put forth for the
betterment and beautiflcation of this city.
The demand for more parks, for better
streets and a complete system of sewers
is imperative.
Under the auspices of the California
Club women an enthusiastic and well at
tended meeting was held In Lyrio Hali
last night to forward interest in the forth
coming bond election, by which It is pro
poeed to appropriate more than 518,000,000
for the beautiScation and sanitation of
San Francisco. Some of the best speakers
in the Etate made addresses and some
splendid stereoptig^n view* were given,
showing how other cities had added to
their attractiveness by Installing parks
and places of public amusement
Mrs. George Law Smith called the meet,
ing to order and introduced State Sen
ator J. It. Knowland, president of the
California Landmarks League, as chair
man of the evening. After thanking the
audience for his welcome and expressing
his interest in the objects of the meeting
he Introduced John R. Benham, president
of the Labor Council, who made a short
but telling address. After reverting to
the necessity and advisability of support-
Ing every one of the provisions in the
proposed bond issue he declared that the
solid labor vote of the city would be cast
for them.
William H. Alford was the next speak
er. He made a stirring and echolarly ad
dress, portraying the growth of the city
from a strangling settlement to a great
mercantile center, that is destined to be
come one of the metropoles of the world.
He said he favored most, if not all. of the
provisions in the bond issue, but above
all he wanted the establishment of a park
on Telegraph HilL That wave-lashed
ornJnf nee, he paid, had stood for agos a
guardian of the Golden Gate; from Its
summit we had welcomed the wayfarers
and the commerce of the world, ft was
the first sisht that greeted the traveler
journeying to our city by all save one of
i he routes of travel. Its beautiflcation
was necessary to impress favorably those
who sought our shores. He closed with
a magnificent tribute to the "New San
Francisco."
The passengers will be protected from
the weather, there being no opening at
the western end of the depot where the
cold winds sweep in. The boats also run
under hoods on entering the slip, so that
passengers are protected from the
weather at all times.
All the trains running from the pier
will be handled from a dispatcher's office,
located on the south side of the depot.
Their movements will be directed from
this point by telephone with the other ter
minal points and stations en route.
The slip site has already been marked,
in keeping with the Government regula
tions, with the customary red and green
signal lights and a fog bell, all operated
by electricity.
The train shed at the pier carries three
tracks, which are at right angles to the
ferry-boat gangways. Much time Is ex
pected to be saved by this, as it will fa
cilitate the transferring of passengers
from the boats to the trains.
The first of the new cars to be used on
the new Emeryville ferry line have ar
rived and but a short time will elapse
before a. half- hourly regular service will
be Inaugurated between Berkeley and the
city, which will t* the first of the lines
to be put In operation.
The officials of .the road will not Im
mediately make an attempt to secure
traffic from all parts of Oakland and
surrounding towns. For the first few
weeks it is probable that only the Berke
ley branch will be operated. Until the
road la in smooth working order a half
hourly time table will be all that will be
attempted. After that the twenty-minute
service will be installed and the runs ex
tended by the Ban Pablo-avenue line to
the center of Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept 26.
The scientific school has fitted up a
house on Vanderbllt Square, where the
men will be cared for during the period
of investigation, doubtless for about nine
months. .
There Is apparently, says Professor
Chittenden, no question that people ordi
narily consume much more food than
there is any real necessity for und that
this excess of food is in the long run
detrimental to health and defeats the
very objects aimed at. It Is with a view
to gathering as many facts as possible
on this subject that the study in question
is taken.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 26.—Profes
sor R. H. Chittenden, director of the
Sheffield Scientific School, announced to
day that through the courtesy of Secre
tary Root and Surgeon General O'Reilly
of the army the "War Department will
co-operate with the Sheffield laboratory
with a physiological study of the mini
mum amount of proteid, or abumlnous
food, required for the maintenance of
health and strength under ordinary con
ditions of life. In carrying out this'pur
pope twenty men have been detailed from
the Hospital Corps of ttfe army and will
be in New Haven next Monday, under
the charge of Lieutenant Wallace Dewitt,
assistant surgeon of the United Stat*s
army.
CHICAGO, Sept 26.— The centennial cel
ebration of the founding of the city was
formally opened to-night, when a ton or
two of red fire was burned on the street
corners In the attempt to give a realistic
imitation of the great Chicago fire.
To-night's conflagration was not exact
ly the success hoped for because of a
heavy storm which prevailed throughout
the time set for the burning of the red
fire. The rain fell in torrents, the wind
blew half a gale and nearly everybody
outside the man whose business it was to
feed the red fire sought shelter indoors.
Between the high wind which blew his
powder away and the rain that soaked the
balance of it in thirty seconds, the red
fire man had difficulties of his own. Not
withstanding all this, however, a vast
amount of crimson blaze was produced,
and the result was fairly satisfactory.
A large number of Indians, descend
ants of the tribes that formerly lived on
the present site of the city, are encamped
in Lincoln Park and will remain through
out the celebration, which Is to last, with
Intervals of more or less Intensity, until
Thursday night. There are to be aquatic
sports In Lincoln Park, a parade, recep
tions to old settlers and banquets.
For to-morrow, when, according to the
official programme, the feature will be
"divine services in the churches," fair
weather la promised.
Nine historic tablets were put in place
during the day.
Notable Speakers Plead for
Proposed Betterments
in the City.
Gets a Divorce Because the
Pussies Usurp His
Place.
Everything in Readiness for
the Inauguration of
Service.
Gloomy Opening of Centen
nial Celebration of Found
ing of the City.
Expect to Show .That People
Ordinarily Consume Too
Much Pood.
Crowd Rushes Upon the Pair
and One Receives Fatal
Injuries.
Rousing Meeting in Its
Favor Held in
Lyric HalL
Scientists Arrange to
Experiment on*-Mem
bers of Army.
Emeryville Road Gets
First Shipment of
Rolling Stock.
Wife's Love for Felines
Disturbs Peace of
Colson.
Mistakes Him and a
Fellow Sleuth for
Kidnapers.
Rain Falls in Torrents
and Residents Keep
Indoors.
NEW FERRY LINE
SOON TO START
UNITED SUPPORT
OF BOND ISSUE
CATS DRIVE HIM
FROM HIS HOME
NEW YORK MOB
KILLS DETECTIVE
HOSPITAL CORPS
WILL GO ON DIET
STORM SPOILS
CHICAGO'S FETE
COLLEGE SITES
ARE DISCUSSED
Jesuit Institution at
Santa Clara May Be
* Moved.
Father Kenna, the President,
Talks of the Pros
pects.
Special Dispatch to Tha CaJL
SANTA CLARA, Sept. 28.— "The remev.
al of Santa Clara College is not improb
able." said the president, the Rev. Robert
E. Kenna, to-night in an interview witli
a Call representative.
"Several sites have been mentioned as
available in case removal is decided upon.
These are San Mateo, Menio Park, Moun
tain View, San Jose and Aptos."
In the latter place the Jesuit order
owns property sufficient to accommodate
the college buildings on a liberal plan.
"My preference,"' continued President
Kenna, is for Santa Clara and I shall op
pose removal to any other site until oppo
sition is rendered useless. This location
Is the scene of the labors of the early
educators who founded the institution
which has grown to proportions requir
ing greater accommodations. Other po
tent reasons impel ma to stand for reten
tion of the college at this point.
OBJECTS TO BEMOVAL.
"It would not be Santa Clara Colleg*
In any other place and the establishment
of a university on another site would ba
equal to beginning another institution.
There are many who are concerned in de
ciding the Question of removal and my
voice in the matter would be only one of
many. Those who advocate removal ar**
sincere In their judgment and I am not
sure but that they may yet succeed In
accomplishing their desire. The question
of site is not so important a factor ta
that of funds. \An endowment of $300,w0
for Santa Clara College would mean to
ua more than double that amount woul<l
to any other college, for our faculty, with
few exceptions, is of the priesthood and
their services are gratuitous.
"Already a substantial beginning has
been made on a fund for new buildings
and the matter -will be finally determines!
within the present year.
"In case the opinion of others prevail
and their suggestion of removal is adopt
ed. I would have the task of the selec
tion of a site. San Mateo would be my
choice. The site there contains 130 acren.
and lies to the east of Burlingame. It is
on an eminence overlooking the bay of
San Francisco and is a most admirable
site, having abundant water and sewer
faculties.
CHOICE OP A SITE.
"In case Mountain View is selected tha
location would be on the new spur of tha
Southern Pacific about to be built to
ward Saratoga. This latter would bo
about seven "or eight miles from Stanford
University. Mayfleld would not be con
sidered. Near San Jose Agricultural Park
has been mentioned. I would oppose that
bitterly. If I go out to look for a place
I shall not even go there. There are- soma
features that would recommend It, but
more than would condemn it.
"One reason more," said .the president,
"may be assigned. •Nazareth.* the pas
sion play of Santa. Clara, has become a
biennial ceremony at Santa Clara College.
\ssociations and surroundings could not
be transferred and it is these very points
that give reverential lmpresslvenesa to tlia
production of the great tragedy."
In conclusion President Keuna indicated
that friends of the Institution had formed
plans to raise a considerable endowment
fund for the college, which would enable
the trustees to proceed with the new
buildings at no distant date. Three years,
he said, would be required for their com
pletion.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Sept. 25.— The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day:
William Alexander, over 21 years old. and
Esther Smith, 20, both of San Francisco \
Lewis I. Starkes, 23, Martinez, and May
E. Daley, 22, Lafayette; Michael J. Con
nolly, over 21, San Francisco, and Kath
erine E. Hardlman, over 13, Oaklar.il;
Lionel H. Smith, over 2^ and Vesta C.
Guide, over IS, both of San Rafael; Fred
J. Rose, 20, and Annie Pringle, over VS,
both of Berkeley: Charles F. Hubbard. 21,
and Cornelia B. Baker, 20, both of Stock
ton; Custodio J. Augusto. 38. and Maria
Valle, 21, both of Centerrille; Helnrich F.
Bruns, S3, and Harriet R. Dunham,
both of Fruitvale; Roscoe B. Myers. -S,
and Mrs. Emma M. Sanchez, 26, both of
San Francisco; Frederick W. Fancher. 31.
and Margaret E. Smart. 21. both of Oak
land; Antonio Ludo, 32. and Rose*- Nunes.
22, both of Centerville.
THE SAjST FBAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 27. 1903.
Women's Suffrage Association De
sires to Vote at Coming Election.
Ax a recent meeting of the California
WA2TT VOICE IN BOND ISSUE.
THOMASVILLE, Va., Sept. 26.-A negro
was lynched this afternoon about ; five
miles north of'.Whigham, a townln'De
catur County, twenty, miles west of here.:
The -negro is alleged to have assaulted a
small white ff— x
Virginia Citizens Lynch a Negro.
May Muller.'a woman livingr at 122 Tay
lor, street, attempted suicide yesterday by
throwing herself down stairs.' -She ; suf
fered a fracture of the hip and 'bruises
Sh© was taken to the Emergency Hospital
and treated toy I>r. Stone.; Bhe = will 11 re
cover.
Throws Herself Down Stairs.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 26.— The' Multno
mah' Fair Association closed a successful meet
of five, days this afternoon at Irvington Park
with a matinee of special races, attended by
about 7500 people.' results: . .
Ryan purse, one mile, trot — Lerol won. ' Sana
Bowers second, - Zolock third. Time, 2:12%.
Gammie special one mile, trot — Package
won. Sunrise and Phil N divided second money.
Time. 2:20. ,
' Hlrsch handicap, . four furlongs— Resigned
won. . Rose Leaf second Dusty Rhodes' third.
Time. :5O?4. -'
Diamond selling, five furlongs — Vlnce won.
Limb of the Law second. Montoya third. Time.
1:02%.
Adams selling, six furlongs — Claudator won,
Mr. Robson second, Casdale third. Time.
1:17%.
¦ Spencer ¦ handicap, • four Y furlongs — Classes
won, CUvoso second. Mlsty's Pride third. Time
:49. ¦ - - • ¦•¦ ¦ ¦'¦:¦-¦ ¦ >-¦ - ¦ :
. Irvington handicap, | one and an eighth miles
— Fossil won. George Dewey second, - Chub
third. Time. 2:02%. ¦
Special race for four-year-olds. . gentlemen
riders, one mile— Frank Pierce won. Windward
second. Jim . Bozeman third. /Time, 1:42%.
Racing at Portland.
Touchdowns — Nichols 3.', ¦ Goals — Marshall.
Referee — John Howe. Umpire — James Law
rence. Linesmen— Lincoln for Williams; Law
rence for Harvard. Time— Ten minute and
eight minute , halves.
38
I The Gadden Girl. 9
g Have you seen the Gadden Girl? Do you know anything about her? |l
Ej If you are a woman don't say that you never heard of her. for iust at [I
g the present time she is one of the most original creators of fashions in f
13 Uncle Sam's realm. She is the originator of the iridescent pearl for hair j
M ornaments and she wears them in quantity that is nothing short of amaz- j
|| ing. And what think you of the musical jewels? That is another of the 5
El Gadden Girl's fads. Tewels set to dulcet harmonies— a fad in itself suf- \
H ficient to make a belle of any srirl even less remarkable than the Gadden j
II Girl. While as for color schemesin dress— However, pictures tell more {
|| than words ever can. in the descriptions of feminine raiment at anv rate. I
H therefore the front page of the next Sunday Call will be more eloquent I
£l than reams on reams of writing to the women readers. If you want to E
B see novelty in coiffure, novelty in jewelry, you won't miss the Gadden I
i Nor will you miss "The Woman of the World." by Colonel Kate. E
W which is an article conceived and written by this clever writer in this I
|3 clever writer's very best stvle. Moreover, it contains thinss that evcrv |
y woman and not a few men want to know. Of course you are still won- I]
fj dering whether Colonel Kate is a man or a woman? That is a tant3- [1
r| lizing mystery that adds immeasurably to the chann of these exclusive [
H articles. . _ | J
B And while on the sub'iect of bright, snappy articles that vou will be Q
I sure to read in the next Sunday Call the "Me-ows of a Kitty" should not N
I be omitted. These spicy savings are being quoted everywhere and of [1
I course you've seen the cats. Everybody, by the way, is talkine about H
I those cats .and next Sunday's Call contains a perfect love of a kitty. ij
fc But better than all else for those who want to read the literature that £3
I is most popular to-day and which will go far toward making up the clas- f 1
I sics of the future, there is no limit to the good things '1
r First there is a short story masterpiece by Jack London, the most y
B famous writer of the lure of the Arctic in the whole world. It is "Where fi
I the Trail Forks." and it is thrilling from the very first to the very last F
I Next there is the fascinatinsr two-page story by Frank H. Spearman. |
I "The Nij?ht Watchman's Story." If you have read any of this exclusive |
I series of Spearman's railroad stories you certainly won't miss this. In
1 point of fact when you see the pictures that illustrate it you won't be able
f to resist reading it anvwav. *"
I Then there are two full pages of "Half-hour Storiettes." the latest
¦ craze in literature. In other words that means eight more of the best
short stories that are beine written to-day. These alone would cost vou :
t anywhere else more than the price cf the entire Sunday Call. ;
s And this does not include the third installment of the latest book bv
] the famous author of "Chimmie Fadden." It is "Lees and Leaven." t
j which has brought E. W. Townscnd to the fore as nothing before had |
: done. . I
! And then there are the "Recollections and Reflections" of the Bonanza
! <ings who put a girdle of gold around the world written by Thomas -
;j Fitch. Thss series alone would cost you $1.50 anywhere else.
: , • And t nen there are— but why enumerate everything in the next Sun- I
I day Call? If you want the very best that is goi'n* «n the literary and 1
I magazine way you won t need more than the above brief outline. And 1
I you won t miss the Gadden Girl in any event jDr. Hoyt of Detroit, after a careful In
vestigation of statistics of existing con
ditions, declares that In 260 years
everybody in the- United States will ba
insane."
Hides, Tallow,Wool and Hops.
' The different . markets under this head re
main about the same. >
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c .under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 0%c; medium. 8%c;. light 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for' heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 8%c:. Salted Veal. 9%c-
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15&15%c; dry Kip
13c; dry Calf.- 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25©
September .....II 1)0 II 00 11 BO ,11 00 tl
October .......12 10- 12 10 11 »5 1105 s
May 12 52% 12 65 12 S7% 12 37%
Louise Blanchard has sued the United
Railroads for $233 damages for personal
injuries alleged to have been sustained
while she was alighting from an Oak
street car. The complainant alleges that
she was thrown down by the sudden
starting of the car and sustained serious
cuts and bruises from which she bled pro
fusely and was rendered partially uncon
scious.
Sues United Hailroads.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight 457
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 ss
New York Exchange, sight 07'4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — / 10 '
Silver, per ounce 0!)U
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 49'
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were higher.
Chicago was firm at a fractional advance and
reported that market now fairly on an ex
port basis and that business for a few days
had been quite large. Otherwise there was
nothing new from the East or abroad
This market showed no further chance In
the cash grain, but futures were higher.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45@1 47^; California
White Australian. $1 55JE1 60; Northern Club.
$1 42%@1 45; Northern Blue 8tem $1 K^S
1 57 V4: Oregon Valley. $1 47 & per ctl.
'¦\ ¦'. '.-V FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
~ ,. P.**;?' . H1 * h - Low. Close.
December ...$ I 41 $141% ?l 41 $141%
BARLEY— The cash grain was easier and
the bulk of the trading was at $1 11 U Fu
tures, however, were higher. Several ships
have been chartered to load for Europe as
will be seen elsewhere. '
. CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 10@l 12%; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17%©1 22^; Chevalier. $1 20@I 60 for fair
to choice.
, FUTURES
£ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clone.
December ...$1 10& $1 10^ $1 jo^ $1 io&
OATS— There is no further decline, but the
market Is easy and quiet, with ample offerings
chiefly Red.
White, $1 20@l 32y 2 ; Black, $1 40@l 60:
Red, $1 20@l 22 y* for common and $1 254T1 30
for choice: Gray, $1 22%@l 27% per ctl.
CORN— Is weak at the decline already noted,
with offerings increasing and liberal receipts
from the West.
Western, sacked, $1 42% for Yellow, $1 42%
for White and $1 40 for mixed: California lari;e
r^rwhiieMi^pe^ 1 round «*.».«*
RYE— Steadily held at $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
y Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4' 600
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5004 6O-
Oregon and Washington, $3 00®4 20 per bbi
for family and $3 00©4 40 for Bakers'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
Flour. $3 25; Ryo Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7:
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do $4- Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 00S4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75- Fa
rina, $4 60; Whole Wheat,Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats, obis, $7 20@3 60;in sacks, $0 70®S 10-
Pearl Barley, $<j; Split Peas, boxes* $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs. '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Shorts are 50c lower again Mid
dlings are unchanged. Hay is selling at pre
vious urlces, but dealers quote the market
working Into better shape owing to the more
moderate receipts.
BRAN— $21 00<?22 50 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS— $20 50028 per ton
SHORTS— $21 60®22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24025 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@2<J 60- Job
bing, $27«?27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21(32—
Corn Meal. $32 50@33; Cracked Corn $33®
33 50; Mixed Feed, $22 50@23 50; Horse 'Beans
$2S@30 per ton. , '
HAY— Wheat. $11©14 CO. with sales of extra
choice at $15;- Wheat and Oat. $11@13 50- Oat
$10013; Wild Oat, $» 60©ll 00; Barley, > SS® if-
Clover. $8 60®ll; Stock, $8©6; Alfalfa $9 60®
10 60 per ton. . w
STRAW— 35@65o per bale.
Beatis and Seeds.
With the exception of Lima*, which con
tinue to sell well. Beans continue quiet, with
gllrht fluctuations. ¦ ' ¦•¦¦-¦¦ ¦ ;¦-->/
BEANS— Bayos, $2 60@2 75; Pea, $3 25;
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium 15e for light
15Hc for extra light. 17>/4c for sugar-cured and
18%o for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 16%@15%c: California Hams 15
CMSUc: Mess Beef. $11 60 per bbl; extra Me*s
$12©12 60; . Family. $13013 50: prime Mesi
Pork. $19; extra clear, $25; Mess, $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12#c; Pig Pork. $23; Pigs* Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb
~^ LARD— Tierces quoted at 7% c per lb for
compound and 10%@10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. 11@11 He; 10-lb tins. 11VJ@I1V.c
6-lb tins HKc; 3-lb tins..ll%c. • .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. OKc; threw
half barrels. !Hic; one tierce. 9%c; two Uercea
9 Vic; five tierces. &H C per lb.
Provisions.
' There is nothing new, either here or at the
Western packing centers.
By an accident almost unprecedented
Peter Bfehlsen lost his life yesterday
morning. He had gone to sleep some tlmo
!n the night under the apron at Lombard
street wharf, the place being sheltered
from the winds and comfortable enough
for a man who did not expect a bed. At
5:20 a. m. "W. S. Streeter, the night watch
man on the pier, lowered the apron to
receive freight from the steamer Tran
sit, and the apron counterweights, weigh
ing seventy-five tons, descended upon
Mehlscn's breast, crushing it to a pulp.
The body was Identified by a memo
randum book bearing the name and notes
indicating that he came from Los An
geles. He wa3 evidently a Scandinavian,
about 40 years of age.
Peter Mehlsen Retires to Slumber
Under a Counterweight and Is
Horribly Mangled.
Atchlson gen 4s.. 08K N J Cen cen 0s...l27%
Atchison adj is.. 80 H N Pac 4a 101
Atlantic C Lino 4s 90V 4 N Pac 3s 70*4
Bait & Ohio 4s... 101 V, N & W con 4s... 06%
Bait & Ohio 3Mi9. 92% O S L 4s & Partlc *-
Cent of Georgia 68105 Penn conv 3%s. . . 95
C of G 1st Inc. , . . 70 Reading gen 4». . . W«U
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01T4 tit L & I M con CslllV t
Chi & Alt 3^s... 72% Bt L & 3 F f g 4s. 70%
C B & Q new 4s. 90$* ST L SW lsts. . .-. 92
C M & S P gen 4sl0l>.i Pea Air Line 4s.. 75
C & NW con 7s.. 13l>4 [South Pao 4s . 86
C R I & P 4s.... CflU, iRauth Ry 6s ....112%
C R I & P col 5s 72 Tex 4 Pao lsts.. .114%
CCC&SLg4s 05% T St L & W 4s. . . 70
Chi Term 4s 73 U Pao 4s 99H
Con Tobac 4e..... 62% IT Pao conv 4s... 92>4
Col & S 4s 83% U 6 Steel 2d 65... 70%
D & R G 4s 98% Wabash lets 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 08 7 6 Wabash Deb B... 63%
Erie gen 4s. ..... 82% W & L B 4 86
Ft W & Den 1st. 102'., WIs Cent 4s 89%
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 16 Ontario 450
Breece 15 Ophir 150
Brunswick Con .. 64 Phoenix 08
Comatock Tun .. 06% Potosi 20
C C & V 130 Savage 23
Dead wood Terra.. 100 Sierra Nevada ... 68
Horn Sliver 160 Small Hopes 20
Iron Sliver 02% Standard 175
Leadvllle Con .... 02%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mining— •' -
Call loans 8 Q>4 Adventure S
I Time loans 4%«« Allouez 4%
Railroad*— Amalgamated .... 40%
A*«h<. nn mu Daly West 38
tta^M SBftiBlngham ........ 21%
TJ-t ft n P i*ViV«' n ';'oift * Calumet'* Heola.440
b££2 t Mr2it7'ifl7 Centennial 16
Boston & Maine. .167 «„„. nan*« 4ft
Boston Elevated.. 186 fC"£ r ,JiT?£S 7OU
Fltchburg pfd.. ..184^ i^Royaie **
Union Paclfio 69^ ;,„»,.„£ rr 4
Mexican Central.. Ill V* G^minion:::" 73*
Miscellaneous — S Osceola 60
Aruer Sugar 110U Parrot IS
Amer Tel & Tel. 126% Quinoy 85
Dominion I & S.. 11 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
General Electric 144 Tamarack 81
Mass Electric... 16% Trinity 6%
Do pfd 77% United States 18
United Fruit 96 Utah 24
U 8 Steel 16 Victoria 3%
Do pfd 61 Wlnona 6%
Wesfhouse Com.. 70 Wolverine 63
! LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
: Con for money.. 83 3-16' N T Central 110%
! Con for account. 88 3-10 Nor & West 60%
; Anaconda 3% I Do pfd 90
: Atchison 64% Ontario & West.. 20%
; Do pfd 91 Pennsylvania .... 61%
I "Bait & Ohio 77% Rand Mines 9%
I'anadlan Paclflo .. 123 % Reading 2ajfc
Ches & Ohio 29% Do 1st pfd...... 37
Chi Great, West... 16 I Do 2d pfd 34
C, M & St P 141% Southern Railway 19
DeBeers 19% Do pfd 80%
1 Denver & Rio O.. 21*4 Southern Pacific. 41%
, Do pfd 75% Union Pacific 71%
I Erie 26 Do pfd 87%
Do 1st pfd 65% U S Steel 16%
Do 2d pfd 47% Do pfd 63%
Illinois Central... 132 Wabash 19%
Louis & Nash 103% Do pfd 81%
Mia, Kan & Tex. 18%
Uar silver, steady, 27 7-1 6d per ounce. Money,
• SVjiiil per cent. The rate of discount In the
| open market for short bills Is 4 per cent and for
! three months' bills 4@>4% per cent.
Associated Banks Statement.
j ,
! NEW TORK. Sept. 26.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks for the
week shows: Loans $917,047,700, decrease
$5,0OS,10O; deposits $901,345,200, decrease $8,
137.100; circulation $45,686,500. Increase $319.
600; legal tender $71,819,800, increase $667,600;
specie $108,085,600. decrease $1,300,100; re
i serve $2oO,005,(X)0 decrease $638,600; reserve
required $225,336,300, decrease, $2,083,725; sur
j plus $14,509,300, increase $1,305,675; cx-Unlted
I States deposits $24,302,500, increase $1,789,025.
j Nezv York Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Total importo of
merchandise anj dry goods at the port o'
| New York were valued at $9,809,306.
Total Imports of specie at the port of New
York for this week were $15,504 silver and
$127,295 gold.
Total exports of specie for the week wert
$284,419 silver and $5102 gold.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
1C.695 barrels; exports. 15,626 barrels. Quiet
and about eteady. Winter patents. $3 90@
4 30; winter straights $3 75@3 90; Minnesota
patents. $i 90: extra $2 30£i2 35; Minnesota
bakers'. $3 S.-jQ-t 10; low grade. $2 70@3 05.
WHEAT — Receipts, 4S74 bushels; exports,
26,978 bushels. Spot, steady. No. 2 red. 81c
elevator and 62%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 8S%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba. 90% c f. o. b. afloat. Options were
quiet but firm on covering. Induced by higher
> cables, stronger Northwest markets, showers
I in spring wheat States and reports that the
local stocks had all been sold for export, later
affecting September. Close, firm at %c to
%©%c net advance. May, 83@S3%c, closed
83%c; September. 83@84V»c. closed 84c; De
cember. 83 ll-lO083%c. closed 83%c.
HOPS — Firm; 1903. medium to choice, 28®
S2c; 1902. common to choice. 21@26%c; olds,
9gl3c. Pacific Coast — 1903, medium to choice,
L'7<fi'.'Uc; 1902 common to choice 21@26%c; old
9©13c.
HIDES — Steady: G&lveaton, 20025 pounds,
18c; California. 21@25 pounds. 19c; Texas dry.
2-4*130 pounds. 13c
, WOOL; — Quiet. Domestic fleece. 2S@32c.
PETrU>LEUM — Steady. Refined, New York.
$8 CO; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $8 50; In
bulk. $5 40.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5 5-16c; mild, steady. Cordova, 7c. Futures
closed at a decline of 5 points. Total sales,
32,750 bags, including: October, 4.30@4.3Sc;
November. 4.40@4.45c; December. 4.70@4.75c;
January, 4.80!g4.85c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining. 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3 9-32c; molasses sugar,
3 5-32c. Refined, firm; No. 6. 4.50c; No. 7,
4.45c: No. 8. 4 40c; No. 9. 4.35c; No. 10. 4.30c;
No. 11. 4.25c: No. 12. 4.20c; No. 13, 4.15c; No.
14 4.10c; confectioners' A. 4.16; mold. 5.15c;
cut loaf. 5.50c: crushed. 5.50c; powdered, 5.00c;
granulated, 4.95c; cubes. 5.15c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet. Common, 4©'5c; prime. 5%@5%c; choice,
C@6%c; fancy. 6%©7%c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes rule steady to firm,
with a good demand for the larger size. Quo
tations range 3%@7c.
APRICOTS — In moderate demand, but hold
ers are firm in their views and prices, conse
quently are fully maintained. Choice. 9@9%c;
extra choice, 9%©10Hc; fancy. 10%@12c.
PEACHES — In fair request and generally
firm. Choice, 7%@7%c; extra choice, 7%@
Sftc. .
Foreign Futures.
) LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 3% 6 4%
C1OSlBe PARis." 63 ' 4 64 *
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 20 21 10
Closing 2120 f 2115
.Floui* — ¦ ' \ ..-.¦••
Opening ...32 80 28 20
Closing 32 75 28 15
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 25.— Steady cables and only
fair receipts encouraged local bulls and com
mission houses to support the market at the
start, with the result that the December op
tion after a steady opening at a shade to %c
higher— 77Vic to V*@%c— sold up to 77%c.
In the face of favorable conditions abroad,
however, together with predictions of heavy
Northwestern receipts next week, tho firmness
gave way and quantities of long wheat came
out. carrying December back to 7694c. 'A fair
demand sprang up later, due to an Improved
cash demand reported from Minneapolis and
there was covering at the decline. December
closed steady at 77%@77%c. a net gain of a*"®
%c. Trading was of good volume. .
Corn started firm on the cables and a large
chirping demand, but several local holders
threw a large quantity of the grain on the
market, resulting In a break to %c under yes
terday's closing price for December. Toward
the end of the session a fair commission house
demand de\eloped on Indications for frosts 'In
the corn belt and December reacted to 46Jic.
where it closed steady and unchanged.
Oats were steady, with trading largely of a
scalping nature. December closed %c higher
at 37%c.
Provisions were dull, although prices held
steady for the most part on support by the
packers. October pork was rold freely and re
ceded to ?11 95, a loss of 30c at the dose Oc
tober lard and ribs closed unchanged at $7 5214
and $9 20. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. HI»h. Low, Close
Wheat, No. 2 —
September, new. 7B% 7H% 75% 7«si'
December, new. 77% 75}j 7<5% 77i*
May ........... 79 79 7S% 78$
Corn, No. 2 —
September 40% 46% 45% 45T4
December 40% 46% .40 46M
May ........... 46% 46% 45% 40%
Oats. Iso. 2— ¦
September 36% "87V; 36% 36U
December 37% 37H 07U 37%
May 38V4-..38K 37% 38 ,
Mess pork," ¦ per bbl —
IJFE CRUSHED OUT' OP
SLEEPING UNFORTUNATE
HONEY— Comb. new. 12%®13^c for white
and 9@ lie for amber; new water white ex
tracted, 5Wi8«c; light amber extracted 5c:
dark. 3%®4%c. • ' '
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12*4c- No
2. 10%c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c; new
Almonds, lie for Nonpariels lO^c for I X L.
10%c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c f«r Langue
doc; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11©
13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
E c^,i FR J JIT w ApriC0 v ts - 7e9^° 'or. Royals
?2.« 9 ®l? c f £ r Moo , r Pa r l"; Evaporated Apples.
5@0c; Peaches.. 6%@7c; Pears, 6©9c- Nec
tarines. 4©4%c for white; Figs, white." 4^0
4%c in boxes: Plums, pitted. 5@7c per lb -
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2H@3c for the "four
sizes; 1902 crop. 2%@2%c for the four sizes
RAISINS — 1903 prices are as follows: Two
crown. 6fjO>/tc; three-crown 6U®6%c* four
crown. 6%®7c. • -^
The demand for Fruits Is Increasing and the
market is very firm.. The sale is reported of
380 tons of 1002 unpeeled bleached Peaches
held by Porter Broe.. but the price is not given
out. This lot hung over the market for a long
time and Its sale will Improve the situation
in Peaches. Santa Clara Prunes are held by
growers at 3@3^c basis for the four pizes
and. Inquiries for this fruit ere reported brisk
and large.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Stock and Bond Exchange.
SATURDAY. Sept. 26—12 m.
¦CNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup. . — — Us qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg... — — J3a qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. — — Do 6s ....
Bay CPC.Ss.104: 106 Do con 5s.
Cal CGSs. — — OWCgCs —
Cal Q & E g Oceanic S 5s — —
m & ct 5s. — — Om C R 6s. — —
Cal-st 5a . . . — — Pac G Im 4a — —
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Rr 5s. — —
Ed L & P 6s — — P & C H 6a. — —
F&CH6s. — — P&ORCs. — —
Geary-st 5s. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
HC & S S%s — — S E gIr 5s — —
H C & S os.101%102% SF &SJV59. — —
Hon R T Cs. — 108 S R of C 6s — —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s — —
L A Rr 5a. — — (1009) — —
L A L Co Ca. — — (1010) — —
Do gtd Bs. — — S P of C 6s — ,
Do rtd 5s. — — (1005)Sr A — —
LAP lem 5s. — — <10O5)Sr B —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1006) :... — —
Do lem 5s — — (1012) .... — —
NRR of C 6s — — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
NRC of C 5s — — Do stmpd.. — —
NPCR5S — — SPBR6S —
NCR 5s.. — — S V W*t 6s. — —
N C P C Bs.100 — Do 4s 2dm.l00 —
N S R Cs. — — Do 4s 3dm. 89*4 —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E 6s — —
O T Co Cs. — 121%IU Q & E 0». — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 60 — I Spring Val.. 84 '841$
Matin Co .. 61 — Sp V W Co. — —
Port Costa . . — — I
.'.."-', .GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P. — 5 Bac E G & It — —
Eqult Gas... — — B F G & E. . 67 67tf
Mutual B L. 10% 11 V* 15 F Gas ... — —
Pac G Imp. 53 55 Btock G & E — —
Pac Lighting B5«6 — 'U G & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E.. — 67 /
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk.— — LP&A...— — *..
Anglo-Cal . . — — Mer Trust . . — —
Bank of Cal C30 — Jierch Ex . . — . —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S &. L. . — — Sav & L Soo — —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co.- —
S F Sav U..C0O 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — IPresldlo .... — «
POWDER.
Giant '• ¦— — iVigorit — —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 25c — Kilauea S»C. — —
Hawaiian C. 43% — Makaweli C. 21 23
Honokaa S C 13% — Onomea S C, 32H 34
Hutch SPC 12V4 13H Paauhau 3 C 16% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.157 — Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As. — 97 Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine As. — 97 Pac C Borax. 167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 157 23 '
rf 50 liana Plantation Co 30c
100 Honckaa Co 13 87^
10 Mutual Electric Light... 10 73
$1000 Northern Cal Power Ss 10O 00
55 Paauhau S P Co. 10 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 00
$1000 S P of Arizona (1901) 1C» 25
$1000 SV 6s .' 105 75
Sreet —
$9000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 104 25
250 Onomea Sugar Co 33 60
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 23 1 co
Apollo ; 40
Associated Trust Cert 20 22
Aztec i 75 .....
California Standard.. 11 12
Caribou ..'. 1 05 1 10
Central Point Con.. 65 .....
4 For Saturday there was quite a list of stocks
traded In. though the sales were In small
lots. The only fluctuation of note was a
drop in Mutual Electrlo to 510 75. The oil
stocks continued quiet.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 25,713 shares, valued at $17,780, the
leading sales being as follows: Caribou. 1100
shares; Home. 5000; Junction 2000; Oil City
Petroleum, 6300; Occidental, 1600; Reed. 47CO;
Sovereign. 2030; Independence. 1C00.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco Gas Light Company has been
called for October 15, to vote upon the propo
sition to dissolve the corporation.
Bank Clearings.
The clearing* at the local Clearing-house
durin* th« week Just ended wer« $27,767,534.
apainat $25,852,601 during the corresponding
¦wee* In 1902, showing an Increase of $1.
l<15.033.
The "Advance in Silver.
The Wall Ptr«t Journal says: "At 27%d
I*r ounce In London, bar silver Is higher than
flnce 1901. The Advance Is due to a decrease
in the supply and an increase In' the demand.
In June. 19C3. the United States imported
(199.S95 more silver than was exported. In
July the excess of exports was only $451,209.
end In August the excess of Imports was $2»U.
421. In addition to the coinage requirements
for the Philippines. France and India, there
e^em% to be a speculative movement in the
metal, based upon the belief that the labors
of the International commission for the es
tablishment of the gold standard tn Mexico
and China -will be successful In fixing tho ratio
cr silver to gold at about 32 to 1, or 29d per
ounce."
Lumber Exports in August.
The «porU of Lumber from San Francisco
by sea during the month of Aug-ust were as
follows:
To— Feet. Values.
Australia 2,316,000 fS3,:;97
t^amoan Islands 293,0o5 6,346
Hawaiian Islands 56,723 • 970
<ierman Ocea&lca 353.A5O 11,621
Tahiti 23.O77 C24
Manila 415,425 9,fiO4
Mexico 106,543 3,2:a
Central America 105.G52 2,946
Colombia 47,812 1,290
P<»ru 8,000 272
Chile i • 60.32* 2.843 ,
South Africa. <;:<.:i-;.i 3,<>«H
aermar.y 24.356 818
Totals 8,670.832 $133,278
Dunnage —
Great Britain 192.K00 2.7S7
Iitlglum 47,000 700 |
Total dunnage. 239.800 3,487
Grand totals 4.110.692 $136,765
In Aug-ust. 1902, the shipments. Including
dunnage, were 1,140.219 fe*t. valued at $31,
000. The dunnage ehipments that month were
,;..'-¦.. feet, valued at 15312.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crop Bulletin. United States De
partment of Agriculture. Washington, D. C,
week ended September 14:
Complaints of premature dropping of ap
ples are extensive, and ths general outlook
for this fruit is not Improved, although In boic«
districts a good yield Is promised, the most fa
vorablo reports being received from Southern
Kansas, Iowa and portions of the middle At
lantic fc'tatcs.
Blight and rot In potatoes in the northern
districts eastward of the Mississippi Valley
are widespread, causing a marked decline in
the condition of this crop.
New England — Vine crops poor; apples fall
ing much in places; some damage to cranbrr
rif-s by frost.
New York— Apples less than average. Qual
ity good; grapes light.
New Jersey — Winter apples developing rap
idly; cranberry picking progressing; late
peaches cracking and rotting on trees.
Pennsylvania — Apples plentiful in tome ee»
tion*. but other fruits ecarce.
. Maryland and Delaware — Apples promising;
tomatoes light.
Virginia. — Some complaint of app!»s fallinj.
but fine yield Indicated.
North Carolina — Winter apples falling badly.
Florida — Heavy winds and rains caused much
fiam&g? to fruit In south half of peninsula.
Arkansas— Late apples short crop; quality
Inferior; peaches failure.
Tennessee — Apples etill dropping prematurely.
Kentucky — Apples dropping very extensively.
Missouri — Apple gathering begun.
Illinois — Applts poor and dropping.
Indiana — Few orchards promise good yield of
pood fruit but apple crop generally will be
light.
West Virginia, — Good crop of apples in some
counties about ready for picking.
Ohio— Apples dropping-; peaches light.
Michigan — Apples dropping considerably but
¦winter varieties Indicate fair yields.
Wisconsin — Light crop of apples but Quality
pood: cranberries of excellent quality but crop
ellgntly below average.
Iowa — Condition cf apples generally good.
Nebra>ka^ — Lats apples poor to fair crop.
Kansas — Apples abundant. In south; poor
north.
Oklahoma and Indian Territory — Apples
yielding well. .*
Colorado— Late apples in northern district
and westrm elope promise large returns.
¦Utah — Fruit giving fine yields.
Weather Report.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 26—5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
* D K 2 O ra
H »J an n tt .i
3 s g 3 B ?a p o t;
STATION. | 1 1 1 2 |§ |~ g
naker .. zi 777! 77771 771
Careen 20.86 79 46 NT3 Clear .00
Eureka 2».92 CS CO SW Foggy .00
Farallon 29. S3 M G4 S Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.74 02 62 N Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.90 C9 31 E Pt Cldy .00
Independence .29. Si 82 C6 E Cloudy .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 80 80 62 SW Clear .00
Ms. T*malpals29.87 77 C3 SB Clear .00
North Head 64
Phoenix 29.72 99 66 NW Clear .C4
Pocatello 30.12 62 40 W Clear .00
Portland 29.06 76 48 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes ..29.83 68 52 S Foggy .00
Red Bluff 29.70 84 68 N Clear .00
Roseburg ....29. S3 76 40 NB Clear .00
Hacramento ..29.74 80 68 8 Clear .00
Salt Lake ...30.04 C4 46 NW Clear .00
San Francisco.29.83 64 62 W Cloudy .00
S. L. Obi«po..29.SS 72 60 W Clear .CO
Ran Diego ...29.82 72 62 W Clear T.
Seattle 30.O4 C2 40 W Pt Cldy .00
Spokane SO. OS «4 34 NB Cloudy .00
t-'pokane 30.08 C4 44 NE Cloudy .00
"Htoosh 30.00 60 48 S Cloudy .r*)
V.aUa Walla.30.02 76 44 W Clear .00
>Vinnemucca -S0.O0 70 38 NB Cltar .CO
Yutna 29.72 08 CO SW Cloudy .pp
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Wash
ington md Vancouver Island. No rain has
fallen *»st of the Rocky Mountains, but con
ditions tre oecornlng threatening on the Pa
cific Gloj*. cloudy weather prevails in Cali
forEia noTib of the TVhachapl and light show
cr* may or»ur on Sunday.
T2i<>. temjj«-rature fca* fallen slowly from Sac
ramer.to to Freeao.
In Oregon taere has been a rise of 10 degrees.
Cloudy w»«rbcr with moderate southerly
winds prevail* from the Farallones to Cape
Mendoclno.* . .
Forecast tnade at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending nv.enight, September 27:
Northern Calitornia — Cloudy Sunday; possl
bJy light Bhowers; cooler in the Interior; fresh
eoutherly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday;
fresh southwest wind*
¦ .X. Q. McADlE. District j Forecaster.
- CITRUS FRUITS— Orfuiges, $2 50@3 for fan
cy Valenclas. $2@2 50 for choice and $1®1 P0
for standard ; Seedlings. $lf>1 25; Lemons. $10
S per box: Grar>« Fruit. ?2@2 50; Mexican
Limes. $6 5O®7 60: Bananas, nominal; Pine
apples, $2®3 per dozen.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 25@2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 65c(g|l per box; Watermelons,
10fi20c each.
GRAPES— Seedless, 50@65c per box: Isabella,
50®75c per crate: other varieties, 25@4Oc for
small boxes: 40@60c for orates and 50!iS3c
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes, $22®2f>
per ton for iinfandel. $18@20 for Mission and
$15 for White and Tokay.
FIGS — Black, 50675c for double layers, S5@
60c for drawers and 7r>@90c for large boxes
from the river; White, GOgfiOc per box.
PRUNES — 50<?85c per box or crate."
PEACHES— Small boxes, 40@00c; carriers,
40i3G0c: large open boxes. 6O@75c: per ton.
$25 for freestones and ?3O for clingstones.
POMEGRANATES — 50@75c for small boxes
and $2 for large.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6©«c per lb.
APPLES— OOcgf 1 25 per box for fancy. 50®
65c for rood to choice and 25@40c for com
mon.
PEARS — Bartletts, $1@1 50: winter varie
ties, 60® 75c per box.
QUINCES — 40@5Oc per box.
The first car of Cape Cod Cranberries for
the season came in yesterday and three more
cars were reported close at hand and expected
to arrive within forty-eight hours. They were
selling to arrive at $9 per barrel, the first car
belnz entirely sold out at that figure.
STRAWBERRIES— $1 50@3 per chest for Ma
llndas and $4<fi5 for other large" varieties;
Longworths. $4<87 per chest.
. RASPBERRIES— $.1 KOtfifo per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $2@3 per chest for or
dinary and $C for fancy from Santa Cruz.
The maiket was liberally supplied with most
descriptions of Fruit and was rather quiet, the
local demand being light and the shlpptr?
movement limited. Supplies of table Grapi-s
continued excessive and all varieties were
quoted weak. The canners purchased freely of
Muscat at $20 per ton and several lets of To
kay and black sold to wine-makers at $2(>C"
per ton. The regular wine Grapes were In
light receipt and moved freely at good prices.
Peaches In small packages continued plentiful
aid dull, but offerings in bulk cleaned up
quickly under a cood demand from cannera.
Good Apples and Bartlett Pears sold well
enough, but low-grade offerings dragged at un
steady prices. Quinces, 'Pomegranates and
Figs were and easy, while Prunes
were in small supply and firm. Receipts of
Nutmeg Melons and Cantaloupes were less
liberal than on the preceding day and prices
were firmer. Supplies, however, were sufficient
for all requirements. Blackberries were scarce
and hicher, but the other varieties arrived
freely and prices stood about the same as be
fore quoted.
Citrus and Tropical Fruits were quiet and
featurelewi.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FOR SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 26.
Flour, qr nka... 19,042] Hope, bales .... 894
Wheat, ctla .... 8,950 Wool, bales .... 224
Barley, ctls 40.619 Pelts. No 135
Beans, ska 2.025 Hides, No 1,223
Potatoes, aka .. 2,185 Tallow, ctls ... 220 |
Onions, sks .... 1,130 Sugar, ctls .... l.ooo i
Corn, ctls l,07£ Leather, rolls... 40 !
Bran, sks 2,25f. Wine, jrala 36.100
Middlings, sks.. 370 LJme. bbls 408
Hay. tons ...... 783 Brandy, gals ... 8.50O
Straw, tons 24 Quicksilver, flks 3O
Screenings, eks. 200 Paper, rms .... 1,007
Feed, sks 54
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 1,020
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 6OO:
Receipts of Produce.
Eg?s are quiet, as tho p.Jvancc has cut
down. the demand for fine ranch and the pub
lic are running on the Eastern end cold storage
goods.
Receipts were 14.100 lbs Butter, 636 cases
Eggs and 6100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 29©31c for extras and
20<g2Sc for seconds; dairy. 21@24c: store But
ter. 17%@19c; cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern,
22@24c per lb.
CHEESE— 12%@13c for good to choice mild
new and ll%012c for lower grades; Young
America, 13®14c; Eastern, ir.@lCc; Western.
14@15c cer lb.
¦ EGGS — Ranch. 37%@.18%e for large white
selected and 32%*?37c for fair to cho'ce; store.
25<?27%c; cold 6torage, 24@26c; Eastern, 24®
27 %c per dozen.
The weakness In Butter Is becoming more
pronounced and several houses offered their
best creameries yesterday at 29%c. The de
mand, as already mentioned, Is for the East
ern and cold storage goods rather than tho
more expensive creameries, hence the latter
are quiet. » ¦--
Cheese rules weak, with the medium and
lower erode goods in oversupply and hard to
s=ell.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Chicago Crude 20 .....
Claremont .................. 24 .....
Esperanza 1 SO 1 40
Four 67 CO
Fulton 2 90 S 23
Giant ...................... 25
Hanford 142 CO ISO Ort
Horn* DO 93
Imperial ..... 13 0»>
Independence 17 13
Junction • 2o
Kern 5 00 .....
Kern River 12 60 .....
Lion 03 04<
Monarch (of Arizona)........ Ki R4
Monte Cristo ..... 74
Occidental of W. Va 19 20
Oil City Petroleum 23 30
Peerless _. 13 25 14 00
Plttsburgr ..,.. 25
Reed Crude 40 .....
S F & McKlttrlck _ 2 9O
San Joaquin O & I>. ......... 0 BO .....
Senator 70 .....
Sovereign 40 42
Sterling 2 SO 8 OO
Superior 06 07
i Thirty-three T 25 S 00
Toltec 20 21
Twenty-eight 4 00 4 25
West , Shore .............. 200 823
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 80 1 50
Alameda Sugar 29 CO
, Amrican Biscuit 83 00 &» 00
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electria Corp.. .....
Cal Cotton Mills S3 00
! Cal Jockey Club.'. 103 00
, Cal Shipping Co 23 00
; Cal TiUe Ins and Trust ISO 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company 8 25
Cypress U»n Imp Co 8 25 .....
1 Fischer's Theater 2 60 8 00
; Gas Consumers' Assn........ ..... .....
. Honolulu Susrar ..... 18 0O
Northern Cal Power 8 50 0 00
North Shore Rallroai 9 00
Orpheum Company 13 25 I8 60
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafflr.e Paint 83 00
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 OO .....
Sanitary Reduction Works... ..... 2 73
Sausalito Land and Ferry.... 16 0O
Sperry Flour Company...... 27 50 SO 00
Standard Electric 18 OO
Tesla Coal Company SO 00
Truckee Electric 13 00 15 00
Union Sugar 22 50 .....
United Gas and Electric 81 50 .....
SALES.
Board —
2000 Reed Crude 41
200 Home 05
900 Home M 97<A
Street—
300 Monte Cristo.... 72
Alining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO EXCHANGE BOARD.
The following were the sales tn the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Beard yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Chollar 21 ] 20O Utah ...... 14
600 C C & Va..l 40 |
PACIFIC" STOCK EXCHAXOB.
The following were the sale* la the PaciSo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Chollar 21 10O Ophir ......1 «7%
100 C C & Va..l 42% 600 Potosl ..... 23
SCO Gould ft C. 23 200 Sierra N»T. 60
100 Mexican ...1 10
TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were ths sales In tha> Tonopab}
Stock Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
500 Cnt Eureka. 85 400 Mont Ton..l OO
200 Gpsy Queen 20 100 Pine Grove. 65
200 Mont Ton.. 97 1000 Sou Eureka 13
100 Mont Ton.. OS 400 Ton N Star 34
20O Mont Ton.. 99 2UO Ton. N Star S3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 26—12 ra.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 is Ju'.ia 03 ot
Alia 04 n: Justice C8 ¦ :»
' Andes 14 15 Kentuck .... 03 tn
Belcher 25 2«: Keyes Graes.. 63 6-t
Best & Bel...l 50 1 70' Mexican 1 10 1 l.'»
Bullion 00 10'OccldcntaI ... 30 32
Caledonia 87 8$. Ophir 1 65 1 7)
Challenge Con 31 3?'Overman .... 23 24
Chollar 20 21/Potosl 21 23
Confidence .. 8O 00; Savage ...... 24 -¦••
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 45 Scorclon 02 04
Con Imperial. OS 0G| Seg Belcher .. 00 10
Con NY 21 221 Sierra Nevada 60 61
Crown Point.. 12 13 Silver Hill... 61 P2
Eureka Con.. 40 CO St. Louis .... — 13
Exchequer .. 12 13 Syndicate .... — Ort
Gould & Cur. 22 231 1'nion Con .. , 71 7n
Hala & Nor.. 4* 61 Utah ........ 11 12
Lady Wash... 03 Cl Wl Jacket... 46 4»
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. i Bld.Ask.
Esperanza ... 02 (AlTon Belmont.l 25 1 50
Gipsy Queen.. — 27lTt>n & O W.. — 10
G Mount Cbn. — OSiTon of Nev.. — 7 3»>
MacNamara . 14 20 Ton N Star.. SH U4
Mlzpah Ex... 25 — Ton Midway.. 42 45
Mon Con....l OO 1 02%JTon & S.L... — 43
Rescue 12 — -
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Shares. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson .......... 24,250 tiaVi C2Vi 62^4
AtchiBou pfd 070 S*ij S7% HlVt
Jialtimore & Ohio. 21.525 75^ 73%. 73^
Bait & Ohio pfd S3
Canadian Pacific .. 1,500 120 119}i 119
Central cf N Jersey 154
Cl'es & Ohio 1,420 29 2S% 28
Chi & Alton 3.2OO 2O 2O 20
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 G2 C2 61
Chi & Gt Western. 850 15^ 14?; 14%
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 2(5
Chi & N W 105
Chi Term & Trans. 150 8>* S% 8*4
Chi Ter & Trn pfd. 200 15^ 15 13>,
C C C & St Louis 67
Colo Southern 240 13*i 12Vi 12^4
Colo Sou 1st pfd.. 200 48VS 48^ 48
Colo Sou 2nd pfd.. 200 l»Vi 10 19
Del & Hudson .... fi.000 152 151 151
Del Lack & West 230
Den & RIj Grande S00 20% 20U 20%
Den & Rio G pfd 78
Erie 1.600 - 25V4 24 24
Erie 1st pld O0O G4*s 63% 63%
Erie 2jid pfd 1,300 46V» 45% 45
Gt Northern pfd 160
Hocking Valley 65
Hccking Val pfd.. 300 79% 7!)^ --79
Illinois Central ... 1,CKK> 12S»4 127*4 127%
Iowa Central 300 l£«i 17 18
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 33 32 33
K C Southern 19
K C Southern pfd 34
Louis & Nash 5,100 100 88% 9S%
Manhattan L 3,000 131% 129 128ft
Metropolitan St Ry 2,600 104 1U4 104
Minn & St Louis 50
Missouri Pacific .. 8.100 88% 87% 87%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 400 17V4 17% 17^
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 33
Nat IIR of Mex pfd 37
X Y Central 2,000 110% 115% 115%
Norfolk & Western 1.400 58% 57% &"%
Nor & West pfd 83
Ontario & Western 1,600 2O?i 20 20
Pennsylvania 4,400 120V4 119% 11!>%
Pitts C C & St L 58
Reading ' 21.400 40% 45% 45%
Reading 1st pfd... 200 73% 73% 72
Reading 2nd pfd . . 100 C5 C5 65
Rock Island Co ... 1,500 23% 22% 23
Rock Island Co pfd 400 69% 58% 5S%
f?t Louis & S.F 52
Ft L & S F 1st pfd 65 ,
St L & S F 2nd pfd . 100 43% 43% 43
Et Louis S W ~ 700 13 12 12«/ t
St Louis S W pfd.. 100 30% 30% 29%
.«• Faul 62.100 137% 130% 136%
Southern Pacific .. 43.500 40% 39% 30%
Southern Railway.. 4,800 18% 18 18
Southern Ry Pfd... 400 81 80% 80%
Texas & Pacific... 500 23 22% 22%
To! St L & West.. 100 18 18 17%
To! £t L & W pfd 20
Union Pacific 21,700 70.% C9% C3%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 85 85 84
Wabash 1.300 18% 17% 17%
Watash pfd 1.300 30 23». 29
Wheel & Lake Erie 100 15% 15% 15%
Wis Central 300 16% 16 16%
Wlscon Cent pfd.. COO 35% 35 3T%
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American 1<5
United States 100 100 100 100
Wells-Fargo 195
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 16,200 41% 40% 40%
Am Car & Foundry 1,000 24% 23% 23%
Am Car & Fdy pfd 200 77 77 76%
Am Linseed Oil 9
Am Lin Oil pfd <.... 28
Am Locomotive ... 100 15% 15% 15"%
Am Locomo pfd... 200 84% 83 83
Am firaelt &. Rfg.. 2.500 41% 41 40%
Am Sm & Rfg pfd 200 87% 87 87%
Am Sugar Refining 1.500 111 110% 110%
Anaeon Mining Co 600 72 70 71
Brook Rap Transit 22,900 35% 81% 31%
Colo Fuel A Iron 41%
Consolidated Gas . 500 168 167 167
General Electric . 000 147% 145 143
Intematl Paper ... t 100 10% 10% 10%
Int Paper pfd .... 400 04 63 62%
Internatl Pump 33%
Int Pump pfd •' . 70 .
National Biscuit 37%
National Lead .... 100 13% 13% 13%
North American .. 100 70% 70% 70%
Pacific Mall 300 19 18U 18
People's Gas 3.7OO 00% 89% R9t;
Pressed Steel Car. 200 33% 33% 33
Presd St Car pfd ' .... 75
Pullman Pal Car 205
Republic Steel 400 fl% 9 9
Republic Steel pfd 600 62 00% 00%
Rubber Goods 14%
Rubber Goods pfd. 07
Tenn Coal & Iron. 200 32% 31% 31%
US Leather 9.10O 6;% (50% 61%
U 8 Leather pfd.. 100 76 76 7f.%
TT S Rubber 10%
TT S Rubber pfd.... 100 3«% Sfl% 3fl%
V B Steel 23.S0O .16% 16 J6
IT S Steel pfd 45.700 62% 00% ei^
Western Union .... 300 82% 82 81%
Total sales ...425,700
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26. — Pan Francisco bond
transactions. 6000 at ?79 62%, 1000 at $70 75.
1000 at $79 87%. 1000 at $80.
NEW YORK BONDS.
TJ S ref 2s. reg..lO8 Hock Val 4%s... .104%
T>o 2s. coup... 108% L & N unified 4s. OS
Do 2« rec I"" 1 Man con gold 4s.. 102
Do 3s coup 100% Mex Cent 4s 71%
Do new 4s. reg.l.Wi Mex Cent 1st inc. 13
Do new 4s. couplS'% Minn & St L 4s... »5%
Do old 4s. reg..lll% M K & T 4s..... 97%
Do old 4«. couple 1 *, M K 4 T Ms ... 76%
Do 6s. reg. . . . .102% N RR of M con 4s 74
Do 6s, coup. ...102% N Y Cen ren SUi 96
EASTERN MARKETS.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended Sep
tember 22. Is as follows:
"The weather during, the week covered by
this report was mostly warm and dry, with
light frosts In exposed localities at night,
which, on the 14th and 15th, were damaging
to tender vegetables. On Saturday, however,
it began to be cloudy and cool, and showers
eet In near the coast. On Sunday, the 20th,
rain was general over the- western counties,
and In a portion of the eastern division of the
State. There wa« about an Inch of rainfall
in the Sound country, but east of the mount
ains the rain was light.
'The rain was heavy enough to again delay
haying, harvesting, threBhlng and hop pick-
Ing, and perhaps still further damage the hop
crop. Standing wheat was lodged and quite
badly chattered, and considerable of that In
the shocks was badly bleached. Oats and bar
ley will be somewhat discolored; otherwise not
materially damaged. The greater part of the
week was very favorable for harvesting and
threshing, and a great deal of that work was
accomplished. Most of the week was also
favorable for hop picking. The crop In the
Yakima country Is apparently good; that in
the western yards Is reported rather light.
"Cutting the third crop of alfalfa In the
irrigated districts, and the second crop of
clover In feme of the western localities pro
gressed favorably. Potato digging is well un
der way. Although, in general, the crop is
reported large and of good quality. In some
localities of the eastern division It Is light,
and in some parts of the western division
there are reports of blip-lit and rot.
"The rain has benefited pastures, root crops
and late fruits and vegetables. It has also
put the soil in very fine condition for summer
fallow seeding and fall plowing, although In
the drier districts of the eastern counties more
rain is yet needed for seeding. Harvesting
would have been over in all localities before
this but for the delay occasioned bv the rains.
A few good days will see it finished- in even
the latest districts. Much winter wheat is
now being sown, the weather being favorable.
Pears are now ripening and are a heavy crop.
Italian prunes are about ready for the driers.
Apples are reported only half a crop In sev
eral localities."
Washington Crop Bulletin.
Game arrived freely and met with a steady
demand. Rabbits and Doves were unchanged,
while Hare were quoted higher.
POULTRY — Younit Turkeys. 20®22c per lb:
Geese per pair. $1 6001 75; Goslings, $2<S2 25;
Ducks $4©5 per dozen for old and $5@6 for
young; Hens, $4 50^5 50; young Roosters,
$5(5 6; old Roosters. $4 5065; Fryers. $4^5;
Broilers $3@3 75 for large and $2 5003 for
small; Pigeons. $1 25fll 60 per dozen for old
and $1 50<J?2 for Squabs.
GAME: — Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tall; Hare, $1 25@1 60 per dozen; Wild Doves,
$1 25 per dozen.
As usual on Saturday the receipts of domestic
Poultry were very light and everything cleaned #
up at previous prices. There was continued
firmness In large young Roosters and heavy
Hens, and come exceptionally fine stock con
tinued to command a small premium over the
quoted rates. Two cars of Western will be
marketed to-morrow. .
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.83c:
Powdered. 6.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse
6.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granulated
<10f>-lb bags only), — ; Confectioners' A, ft 60c;
Magnolia A, 5.20c: Extra C. 5.10c; Golden C,
5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more; half bar
rels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 60-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.10c; boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-Ove barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6%
67c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7c, according to
quantity.
COAL OIL. — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%e; Astral. 20>-jc;
Star. 20Hc; Extra Star, 24^c; Elaine. 26fec;
Eocene, 23 Vic; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 17c; in cases, 23Hc; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases, lO^c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk,
21c; in cases. 27V&C
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6<35%c; San Quentln,
6.65c; Wool Bags. 32933c; Fleece Twine. 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6*ic. «%c and 7i4o tot
the three grades; Brown Jute, 6^97^0.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. SS; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 00; Stanford, $7; Rcslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $3 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 60: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel, $8 5O per ton:
Coke, $11 60013 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 p*r
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed, 49o for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 6c more: Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers* A A. $1 10® 1 12; Lucol. 4 %a
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels: Lard Otl.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut, 55@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 75c; cases, o0c; Sperm, pure, 75c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 50@55c per gallon;
Fish Oil, In barrels. 45c; cases. 50c: Cocoanut
Otl, in barrels. 68c for Ceylon and 65c for Aus
tralian.
General Merchandise.
Edstern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2a— CATTLE— Receipts,
1200; nominal; food to prime steers. $5 40®6;
poor to medium, $3 S0@ 5 23; stockers and feed
ers. $2 40<S:4 25; cows. $1 40@4 40; heifers, $29
4 75; canncrji, $1 4OQ2 TO; bulls, *2 60-S* 60;
calves, $3 B0'«8; Texas fed steers, 12 85©4 25;
Western steers, $304 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 6000; Monday, 28,.
000; 5c higher; mixed and butchers, $5 60<3>
6 80; good to choice heavy. $5 75©6 15; rough
heavy. *5 40*35 70; light. $5 7606 40; bulk of
sales, $5 65@6 00. ;
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, S3 40@4 25; i
fair to choice mixed, $2 25@3 40; Western
sheep, $2 75©4 25: native lambs, $3 6O@6 65;
Western lambs, |3 75<Q5 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Sept. 26.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 250; steady.
HOGS— Receipts; 1200; steady- light, $5 70®
5 80; medium and heavy $5 00©d VI VS.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12; steady.
Dry Goods Market.
KEW YORK, Sept. 28. — The end of the week
In dry goods shows little more activity from •
general buyers, the majority of whom continue
to display the conservatism which has marked
operations for some time. The lightness of the
money market continues an operative factor
and althoueh current necessities are likely to
Increase as the season advances. It Is believed
will continue with a limited scale.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 25. — The situation local
ly was dull and unchanged to-day with the
leading metals fairly steady and lead, ' owing
to the limited spot stocks, firm. Iron was
more or less unsettled, though nominally with
out change from previous quotations. Spot tin,
$20 2CKS20 30.
Copper — Lake and electrolytic, $13 BO; cast
ing, f 13 50.
Lead, ?4 no.
Spelter, ?6.
New York Cotton Market.
KEW YORK. Sept. 26. — The cotton market
opened steady, net 4 points lower to 4 points
higher and closed about steady within a point
or two either way of Friday's close, with the
exception of September, which sold from
10.8Oc the opening figure, to 10.04c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— Wool, steatty; medium
grades, combing and clothing, ltt§21c: -light,
15@17V4c; heavy, 12@14c; tub washed, 2OQ2Oc.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Sept. 26. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day were 10.650 bales.
Competition was brisk for good and fin; grades
Most of the offerings were medium to low
grades. Scoureds were In good request and
crossbreds were in active demand for the home
trade and the Continent. Prices were Irreg
ular. Next week 24.4S0 bales will be of
fered.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 20. — Clearings, $G32,S54;
balances, $172,570.
PORTLAND, Sept. 26. — Clearings. $470,635;
balances, $72,427.
TACOMA. Sept. 26.— Clearings, $307,252;
balances, $77,104.
SPOKANE. Sept. 26.— Clearings, $2S9.019;
balances, $18,S53. ' >
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 20.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la; 72@73c; blue stem. 75@7Gc; valley, 76S"7c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 28. — Wheat, lc lower; blue
stem, 77c; club, 73c.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 16@21%c; datrr.
14<3>18%a. Cheese, steady; io%@ll%'c Eggs,
steady; at mark, cases Included. 17@lSc.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 22,390 26,342
Wheat, bu 02,925 109,900
Corn, bu .*... 460,200 451,000
Oats, bu 191,400 - 143.0OU
Rye, bu 7,850 950
Barley, bu 131.100 5.910
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per 'cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. S@l>c; Cowi and Heifers.
788c; thin Cows. 435c per pound.
CALVES — 4(83 He per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%G3%c;' Ewes, 3£3hc
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75Q3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs. 5 T ic; under
150 lbs 6%©3«ic: Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
CO per cent off. and Stags, 4o per cent o« from
above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ax* as follows:
BEEF — 6&7o for Steers and C33o per lb
for Cows. • .
VEAL— Larg«. «H3S%c; small 9010a per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%68%e; Ewes, 7©3e
per pound.
LAMB — 0@10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hobs. 8%@9V«c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
No further change In quotations Is noted.
The packers say that they are getting suffi
cient Hogs at 5%o to fill their needs. ""
Meat Market.
Bank clearings gain slightly for the week.
Wall-street stocks lower, in spite of good bank statement.
Fair business in local stocks and bonds.
Not much variation in Silver and BxcJtange.
Wheat and Barley futures higher. Oats and Corn weak.
Bran and Shorts lower. Middlings and Hay unchanged.
Beans quiet, with values more or less weak.
Butter weak and offered at declining prices.
Cheese of lozv grade in ovexsupply. Eggs quiet.
Dried Fruits firm and in increasing demand.
Provisions undwnged, here and elsewhere.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.-
Sufficient Hogs corning in to fill the demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Poultry and Game cleaned up at steady prices.
First car of Cranberries for the season arrived.
Fresh Fruit quiet, with light local and shipping demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Trading In table Potatoes was quiet, but
as receipts were light the market ruled steady
at about previous prices. A carload of Oregon
Burbanks came In, but was not placed on sale.
It will be marketed to-morrow. Sweet Po
tatoes were wall cleaned up and steady. Onions
were in free supply and dull at the previously
quoted rates.
The vegetable market was amply supplied
and rather weak than otherwise. String,
Wax and Lima Beans were suddenly plentiful
and prices had a sharp decline. Tomatoes ar
rived freely and were easy, as canners were
not buying being well supplied with contract
stock. A few lots of strictly fancy stock sold
up to 60c per box. but the general run of
supplies sold within the quoted range. Re
ceipts of Green Corn were light and choice
stock met with prompt sale, but poor quality
offerings, which constituted the bulk of sup
plies, dragged at easy rates. Cucumbers, Sum
mer Squash .and Okra were steady, while Egg
Plant and Peppers were plentiful and easy.
POTATOES— Burbanka from the river. 700
85c per ctl. with some fancy hlgner; Salinas
Burbanks, #1 25® 1 45 per ctl; River Reds,
fcO&vOc per ctl; Sweet Potatoes Jobbing at
$1 60 per ctl. (
ONIONS — 50065c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1®1 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda, SI 25Q1 50; from
Berkeley. 76c@$l 25; Green Pees. 2@3o per
lb; String Beans. 2©2%c P«r lb; Wax. 2%@3c;
Lima Beans. 2®2%o per lb; Tomatoes, 309
60c per box; Summer Squash. 40@50c per box;
Cabbage. 60e per ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack;
Cucumbers. 40<850c per box; Pickle Cucumbers.
3@3Hc for No. 1 and l@2%o per lb for others;
Garlic, 2@3c per lb; Green Peppers, 80® 50c
per box or sack; Green Okra, 35@50c per box;
Egg Plant, 30850c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
510S12 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
30o each; short wool. 40ff50c each: medium, 70
©00c; long wool.- $1©1 60 each: Hors« Hides,
salt. |2 75 for largo and J2@2 50 for medium.
$1 25<gl 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1@1 23 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c: dry salted
• Mexican. 26c; dry Central American. 32 He.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large, and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20o.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©*%o per lb;
No. 2, 4©4%c; grease. 2%©3o.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs', QQ
12c; Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County, Il@l3c.
Quotations for aprtng clip are aa follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. lS©20c; Nevada. 13
©16c; Valley Oregon, fine. 18@19c; do, medium.
17® 18c: do coarse, I&gl7c per lb.
HOPS— 22926a per lb for California and 19
023c for Oregon.
Butters. (3 25; small "White. «3®3 33; larga
White. $2 75<J£3: Pink, $2 75@3; Red. $2 90©3:
Lama. $3 60® 3 fO; Bed Kidneys, $4; Blackeyo.
?2 60@2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans, fl 40^1 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, SI 70®l 80; Canary.
6©5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%©2%c; Timothy. 6®6>4c; Hemp. 8ttO3%c
per lb; Millet. o®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $209
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0®2 per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 1903.
Cash quotations ' were- « as follows : Flour,
steady; straights, $3 50®3 70; spring patents,
$4 20@4 60; straights, $3 8004; No. 2 red
spring wheat, 75K@79%c; No. 2 corn, 47c;
No. 2 yellow. 4S%@49%c; No. 2 oats, 48@49c;
No. 2 white. 53®5»c; No. 3 white, 87Vi®3S%c;
No. 2 rye, 6tfo; No. 1 flaxseed. 07',^c; No. 1
Northwestern, «$1 03; prime timothy wed,
$3 10; meas pork, per bbl, fll 90$12; lard,
per 100 lbs. $10 50@10 75; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 75@9; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
C%@O%c; short clear sides (boxed), 8%@9Vic;
clover, contract grade, $10.
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 10 60 10 79 10 60 10 78
October ........ 7 62% 7 68 7 62% 7 62%
January- 6 00 6 80 6 75 6 60
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 9 15 8 15 9 15 8 15
October ....... 0 15 9 20 9 15 9 20
January 660 060 6 B0 6 60
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
.fes SALE EXTRAORDINARY, fe*
AUCTION SALE
OP
HIGH-CLASS. STANDARD-BRED MARE3,
COLTS. FILLIE3 AND GELDING3.
From the Meek Estate, llay wards. Alameda* Co.
Comprising tho set of McKinney, Direct.
Hawthorne. Guide. Sidney. Fallls. Richards.
Elector, Wo. Harold. Welcome. A»moon and
Stelnway,
And OAEILAN STOCK FARM, property ot
HON. JESSE D. CARR. Salinas. Montersy Co.
Stallions. Mares. C^lta and Fillies, by Nut-
wood WUkes. Dictatus. .Lottery. Ecce. ilam-
brlno Jr.. Fairmont. Boodle and TT.cr. a son of
Electioneer. A very Urge proportion ot th»
horses in this sale are thoroughly broken and
can be driven by any one. To be sofd by elec-
tric Uxht.
TUESDAY EVENING. September 29. 1003.
At 7:43 o'clock, at
BALESTARD, 1732 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
Neas ave.. San Francisco.
Send for catalogues. Horses at yard Septem-
ber 26. Will be shown at farm. Haywarda and
Salinas, at any time prior to that date.
FRED H. CHASE ft CO.,
Successors to KUllp A Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
AUCTION
100 HEAD FINE DURHAM AND HOL-
STEIN MILCH COWS AND HEDTERd.
WEDNESDAY. October 7. at 10 a. nv. RE-
DONDO. Los Angeles County. California. 60
fln« larga cows. 30 hetfers. 10 horses. 3 Durham
bulls, good stock. 150 chickens. 1 Da Laval
hand separator No. 2. 4-borse power enrine and.
boiler, milk cans, tank, aerator, butter worker,
churn, good milk wagon. 3 farm wagons, bug-
gy, spring wagon, mower, rake, gang plow,
¦ulkles. gaaollna engine (2-horss power, nearly
new), harness, blacksmith outfit, steam feeti
prlnder. farming tools and household goods.
Take Redondo electric * cars at Second at 1
Spring streets. Leave evtry 20 minutes. TeariS
will meet cars at Redondo Bank to convey par-
ties to sale. Six months' time on approved se-
curity; 2 par cent discount for cajh. Ampl*
lunch free. Mr. Charles Quandt Is retiring
from business and the ranch is for rant. Every-
thing will be sold without reserve. No outsida
stock will be sold at this salo. Further partic-
ulars A, QUANDT. 11 CTienery St.. Ban Fran-
cisco. CHARLES QUANDT. Owner. R. R.
BRIGGS. Auctioneer Office 123 North Mala
St. Los Angeles. Cal.-
jrtfc !£p> jfctfc
GRAND AUCTION SALE of Horses. Mules.
Buggies, Surreys. Carts and Harness of every
description. Sale positive. No reserve. Must
go. At 1140 Fol3om St.. September 29. 11 a. m.THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
40
REAL E STATE— CIT Y— FOB^ S ALB.
EABTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
,--:-:, :. 638 'MARKET ST.
(Established 1875.)
AUCTION!.
AUCTION.
AUCTION
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29....... 1903
At our salesroom, C3S Market St.
At 12 o'clock noon.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
NE. cor. Webster and Fulton sts.; 3 elegant
flats of 5-6 rooms, porcelain baths, wooden
mantels, brick foundation- rents $100 month.
WEBSTER-ST. INVESTMENT.
"W. line of Webster st.. 37 :« ft. S. of Hayes;
Nos. 613-15-17-19 Webster; 4 elegant 2-story
and basement residences; modern plumbing,
patent flush toilets; renting for $145 per month;
lot 75x90 feet.
FULTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Kulton st.. 78 ft. W. of Webster;
Nos. / 7eS-74-76-78 Fulton St.; 4 pubstontially
erected cottages; rents extremely low for $lti
per month; mortgage of $2000 can remain;
large lot, 79:11x120 feet. " '
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly fine of Harrison St., 109 ft.
south of 10th. Nos. 1412-1414-14% Harrison
Bt. ; steadily rented, bringing in an Income of
S|iO per month; flats in first-class condition;
tills Is the finest investment in this district.
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
S. line of Minna st., 65 ft NE. of Sth; Nos.
663-G63& Minna St.; 2 very beautiful bay-
window flats of 4 rooms and bath; rents $34
month.
MISSION FLATS.
W. line of Potrero ave., 167:6 ft. N. of 21st
st.; Nob. 862-4-6 Potrero ave.; 3 beautiful new
flats, containing, 5-9 rooms and porcelain baths,
tiled sinks, carved wooden mantels, E»s grate;
modern In every respect- stable on the prem-
ises; lot 20:3x100 ft.; mortgage 'ot $3500 can
remain. ,
TURK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
SW. cor. of Turk and Central ave.; particu-
larly desirable building site for the erection
of flats; lot level and ready for building; lot
27:6x110 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
E. line of Noe st., '103:4 ft. N. of Laidley
and S. of 30th; No. 173»; well-built cottage of
4 rooms and bath and high basement. Inclosed
glass porch, flne stable: lot 30x115 feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
NW. cor. 18th and Colllngwood sts. ; Improve-
ments consist of a two-story frame building
containing a store and flat above. 6 rooms and
bath; stable In rear; rents $65 per month; lot
28x76 feet.
MISSION BUILDING SITE.
NW. cor. Church and Valley sts. ; magnifi-
cent building . site in a particularly desirable
neighborhood; this property is so situated that
It commands a beautiful view; lot 2tl: 0x100 ft.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S MARKET STREET t
(Established 1875.)
$60.000— To 6ettle an estate; S3 ft. front on
Leavenworth St.. running through to another
St.. not far from Market St.; present improve-
ments rent for $2400 per year; this Is actually
the cheapest downtown business property In the
market.
$50,000— Turk and Leavenworth sts.; 4-story
hotel of 50 rooms and elevator; under lease for
$4110; bank mortgage of $22,500; bank pays
taxes; lot 27:0x137:6 feet.
$22,500 — Business corner on Valencia St.: 3
frontages; 2 large stores, concrete basement and
3 modern bay-window flats of 4-U rooms, porce-
lain baths, etc. ; rents exceedingly low for $1956
per year; 35 feet frontage.
$19,000— Rents $lS00 per year; 3 new flats of
8-8-9 rooms, porcelain baths, hard finished; on
Sutter St., near Laguna; most beautiful build-
ing in this neighborhood; lot 27:6x112:6 feet.
$17,500^ — Biggest speculative bargain on Geary
St., near Hyde; present improvements suitable
for a sanitarium; this is a rare downtown In-
vestment.
$13,500— Three elegant modern flats of 6-7-7
rooms, bath, large reception halls, etc.; on
Fillmore st., near McAllister; rents very low
for $1056 per year.
$10,000 — Golden Gate ave. and Flllmore St.;
2 elegant bay-window houses of 8-9 rooms and
bath; rents J900 per year; lot 30x100 feet.
$7500— Kents $7s0 per year; 2 swell flats of
6-5-6 rooms, and bath; flne large finished base-
ment; 32 feet frontage; situated on one of the
best streets In the Western Addition, where
buildings are being erected on all sides; forced
to fell on account of a large mortgage.
$5730 — Grove st., near Octavla; two flats of
4 rooms each and a cottage of 4 rooms on Ivy
ave.: present income $510 per year; lot 25x120.
$7500 — Worth $8500; owner needs cash; two
modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath on Page St.,
near Fillmore: rents $70 a month.
$5500 — Speculators, attention'. 60x100 ft. on
Julian ave., near ICth st.; street bltumlnlred.
cement sidewalk; present Improvements consist
of 2 cottages; no reasonable offer will be re-
fused.
$4350 — Reduced from $5000 for Immediate
eale; beautiful bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; sunny side of street: Eddy St.. near
Steiner; cement sidewalk, street bituminized.
cars pass the door; no better bargain ever
offered in the Western Addition; lot 27x100 ft.
$4000 — Rents $570 per year; south of Market
business property; short distance from Third
st.; flne building containing large store and
flat above of 7 rooms.
$2800^ — Mission residence, 2-story house of 6
rooms, storeroom, flna large stable, driveway,
etc ; all In flrst-claes condition; cement side-
walk and street work done. - .
$2500 — Rents $300 per year; Harriet St.. near
Bryant; four cozy flats of 3 rooms each; all
rented; lot 23x75 ft.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market street.
SPECIAL.
$7500 — Must be sold to settle dispute among
heirs; 2 separate buildings ;.l consisting of
2 flats of 5 rooms and other other 4 flats
of 3-4 rooms; everything In first-class con-
dition; rents $SS3 per year, could easily
be increased; lots 37:6x80 ft. and 25x80
ft; close to, 6th st. ; positive snap.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
! AT AUCTION!
S AT AUCTION!
TUESDAY. Sept. 29. at 12 m.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st.
*
GRAND VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
Beinc SE. cor. of Van Ness ave. and Eddv
st.; extra large lot, 118:6 ft. on Van Ness ave.
by 123 ft on Eddy st.; finely built 2-storv flat
¦ buildings on Van Ness ave. and one 3-story
bulldlns on Eddy st. : present rents f48O a
month; no leases; rented very low; rent can be
largely "Increased by raising building and
changing into an apartment-house or family
hotel.
SIXTEENTH-ST. COTTAGE.
3739 16th st.. 225 ft. west of Castro; large
lot. 30x100; finely built cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: 2 wood mantels and light, high base-
ment: splendid view of city and bay: extraor-
dinary flne terms; only $250 cash, if desired,
balance $25 a month, interest Included, at 6
per cent.
.
SIXTEENTH-ST. LOT.
South side of ICth st.. 150 ft. west of Cas-
tro; size 25x100; has flne view of city and
bay; Just the place for two flats.
TEHAMA-ST INCOME PROPERTY. •
250 Tehama St.. between 3d and 4th: lot 25x.
80, backing up to Howard-ct. frontage; 2 flats
and rear house: rent '$34 a month.
PARK LOT.
East line of Oth ave.. 80 ft. north of L
St.; size 24x120.
SALE TUESDAY. Sept. 29, at 13 m.
Office of
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery st
E. CURTIS. Au«loneer.
Address COLONEL W. H. MENTON,
Manager Country Land Department.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
• w eal », Estate and insurance Brokers.
iJ4 — Montgomery St. — 114.
«i« J^P?, 0VB i? PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$10.500— Magnificent home of 15 large sunny
rooms; beautiful lawn, garden. »>tc. ;
mortgage of ?05OO can remain; lot 37x
106; near Golden Gate Park
$0,000— A snap; on Haight st. near Pierce;
residence of 8 rooms and bath and fln-
.-A«A lsl i. ed basem e«t: large lot. 34:4x110.
$..000— Two sunny flats, renting for $690 a
Z> o-A ye S r: . oft ,^ ott Bt - near McAHster.
$3,250--Rents $30: a good Investment: near
Sixth and Folsom sts
$S,000— Four splendid flat*, near Bush and
Franklin sts.; rent ?816 a year; lot 60
. $9.500— Three swell new ii-room flats on Call-
.« ~^ f or » nla sL : ronts 51008 a year.
$5,000— A bargain on Pacific st. near Hyde: 2
"f. 13 -^' 5 and 6 r0 °m« and bath; rent
$4.1 u0; can be increased.
$4,000— A comfortable residence of 8 large
V:.-. sunny rooms on Ashbury Heights.
BUILDING LOTS FOR SALE.
$6,500— The best- and cheapest lots In the park
* Rrtlio^i N ' slde of Pa & e St., near Cole:
$4,000— Fine large lot. 27:6x137:6. ,on sunny
side of Haight St.. near Devisadero.
$l,700-Large. well situated lot on Ashbury
Heights; 30x85.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath: sunny, modern and up to
date In every particular; Nos. 966 and 968
Clayton at. near Golden Gate Park ;* price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
, & SONS. 114 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— This elegant flne residence, contain-
ing 10 rooms; : modern: suitable for a doctor
or some professional man: flne carriage house
and lawn: the lot is 76x122:6, on Howard st.
north of Twenty-first; this chance is seldom
offered. L. C. CULL, Twenty-fourth st. and
Potrero ave. . , . ¦ .
COTTAGE— Five rooms, bath, modern improve-
- roenta; cheap for cash; - 810 Alvardo st. ::
$6500— 2 MODERN new flats." one block north
; of Market and 16th. Inquire 55 Beaver : st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
MCATEE BROTHER^ MOyTqOMERY „"
PANHANDLE] COTTAQB.
New modern up-to-date. 7 rooms aad bath;
only $4250.
20 LOTS. 20 LOTS.
Just put on the market; on Frederick st., 1
block from Stanyan. faclnr Into Golden Gate
Park: all ready to build on; a fine chanca for
a builder; prices from $1250 to $1600; cheapest
lots In the market.
BUTTER, NEAR FILLMORB.
12 sew beautiful sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each; lot 58x137 :6; all rented for $360
per month; price $40,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Only 11250; lot 25x112:6; street bltumln-
lxed; snap.
FELL-6T. FLATS.
Fronting on th« Park Panhandle, near Lyon
et.: 8 and 6 rooms; rent $46; lot 25x100 feet:
price $6000.
LAKK1X ST., NEAR BCTTBR. CORNER
LOT.
Fine new «unny modern apartment house;
19 apartments, 3 and 4 rooms each; bath,
cloaet and basin In each apartment; hot water,
gas, electrlo lights, etc; guaranteed lease for
ft years at $500 per month; price $62,500.
CHEAP OORNER ON MAIN STREET.
South of Market, east of Eighth st.; lot 75x
75; storo and flats; rents $87 50; monthly;
prlc« $11,000; the rents axe extremely low;
epend $1000 and you can make the rents $150.
IN THE MISSION.
Two flats and two stores; lot 30:8x87:6; rent-
ed for $71; price $7200. i
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
ON EAST TERMS.
A FINE CHANCE
To secure a beautiful marine view lot over-
looking Golden Gate and the ocean; on main
drive-way to Sutro Heights; gas and water In:
street cars pass; these lots will soon be worth
big money; buy one on easy terras; prices only
$350 up to $550; you won't get this chance
again. '
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
On Paclflo Heights: splendid new residence
commanding marine view; everything the very
best; hardwood floor; billiard -room; 2 baths;
furnace, etc.; price $15,000.
LARKIN-ST. CORNER.
Fine building corner. 35 feet frontage; sure
to Increase in %-alue; rent* now for $122
monthly; a flne Investment; price $20,000.
SACRAMENTO-ST. CORNER.
€0 feet frontage; both streets bituminized and
accepted; cheapest corner In the Western Ad-
dition: only $5000.
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of the
city. McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.
G. H, UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$45,000 — Fine investment; close in town; double
frontage; substantial 4-story and base-
ment building of 66 rooms and baths; oc-
cupied as a lodging-house; modern
plumbing; leased for 5 years at $300 per
month: tenant pays the water; in flrst-
class condition: pays 7 per cent net.-
$23,000— Near City Hall; on Franklin St.: 2
houses 6 rooms each; 2 flats of « rooms
each and 6 flats of 3 rooms each; rents
$16S; lot 103 feet front.
$11, 5W— Price reduced; Howard st., near First;
double house; lot 25x85; a bargain.
$7,500 — Rents $720 per annum: Devisadero St.;
substantial, nearly new building in store
and flat; 25x90.
$".0130 — Oak et. and Lily ave.; 2 flats on Oak
f>t. of 5-4 rooms and bath and double
cottage on Lily ave. of 3 rooms each;
rents {62.50; bay-windows, brick founda- j
tlon, etc.. in flats; 25x120 to Lily ave.
$4.500 — Rents $540 per annum; near Taylor
and Pacific sts.: 4 flats and lot 37:8x60;
modern building.
For "further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale In all parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $25O— Near ocean and park— $5 monthly.
Oceanside branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDATS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000 — New lots in Suns»t District.
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave., near H et.
$150 to $200— Level Excelsior Homestead lota
near Mission-Ht. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to f"oM — 4, 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms.
SOL GETZ & SON. owners and dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
~~^~~~~ f
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO.
Real Estate. Room 2. 7th floor. Mills' Bide
$<5,OC0 — College Heights; lot 37:6 front: mod-
ern residence. 7 rooms, bath, etc.; stable,
carriage house, poultry yard, garden; a
charming home.
: $7,000 — Lake *t.. near Third ave. ; lot 30x100;
2 up-to-date flats of 6 and 7 rooms; an-
nual rent *750: a fine investment.
1 $5,250 — First ave. boulevard: let 25x120; 2
modern flats; rents $510 per annum- a
rapidly improving district.
$3,100— Welsh st.. near 4th; lot 20xS0; 5 flats-
rents $4 to $10; total annual rentals
$444; water for all only $2 40.
1 $14,000 — Market St.. corner Castro; large lot- a
splendid locality for flats, p/hich would
.,«~^ rerit PronnpUy an( l Pay handsomely.
$15.000— Presidio Heights; modern colonial
residence. 10 rooms, bath.' etc.: north
side of street; flne neighborhood; furnace
$1C.OOO — Presidio Heights corner: residence of
! „ ,. 1 t, rooms 2 baths and toilets; furnace.
1 Ross \ alley— Splendid lots in Ross Valley Park-
mostly all scld; a few left; will open ud
adjoining tract this fall in lots and
acreage: lots wooded or open; level or
hillside; can suit all classes of desirable
people.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.,
HAWKS & SKELTON. '
Rents collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
. $13,000— Taylor st. Investment, near Sutter-
lot 22:11x57:0; new building here woulj
pay well.
$8.600— Fine house of ten rooms and lance
basement: Grove st.. near Fillmore- N
side; good neighborhood.
$3.000— South side Washington st near
Bakei: cood house; 8 rooms;' sunny
garden; choice neighborhood
$3,500— Ix3t north side Post St.." near Bu-
chanar; 25:10xW).
$S,000 only for 10 lots on Thirteenth ave. and
B st.. between Point Lobos ave and
Park; Twelfth ave. graded: must be
told as a whole. ; Election on 29th will
decide If Park is to be in front of this,
which would double value
$5.100— Lot on southwest corner Larkln and
Lombard st*.; 25x105; magnificent ma-
rine view from every window
$5.000— Lot on southeast corner Larkin and
U'i- Greenwich sts.; 50xti2:«; elecant view
of city. Golden Gate and bay ¦
HAWKS <fc SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO, " "
„ A BURLINGAME.
Best suburban home near San Francisco- no
ferry; electric railroad now running; lots and
residences for sale. We can sell good lots as
low as $500 each. We will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre
TO INVESTORS.
S^ h f ve se , % ; eraI !ar *e tracts suitable for
subdivision. We invite inspection.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., Kan Francisco. Resident
Agent. S. O. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel-
egraph Building. San Mateo.
$15,000— AN elegant modern residence; hard-
wood finish and floors; reception hall din-
ing and breakfast rooms; billiard-room; all
modern conveniences; laundry, wineroom and
servants' quarters; furnace; two bathrooms-
large closets; Steiner st., near Vallejo, com-
manding beautiful and unobstructed view of
the Golden Gate and harbor.
Also have under construction 10 modern
houses In different parts of city, which win
sell at moderate prices, and within reach of
For particulars and rates apply at office
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
S. A. BORN. Owner and Builder. 5
OWN A LOT 7 "~
nn. ,., ™. T P E F ITY OP WCHMOND.
The California terminus of the Santa Fe
Railroad and Standard Oil Company in at
City of Richmond, just across the bay from
Ean Francisco, where these corporations to-
gether wltH Southern Pacific Railroad are
Fpending millions of dollars, which will make
it the greatest manufacturing city on tha
Pacific Coast. ¦ . ne
$5 per month.
A rood way to save and make money. Maim
iree. 1 Address RICHMOND LAND COM-
PANY, Crocker building. San Francisco.
$200— CHEAPEST lot In the Excelsior Home-
stcad on easy terms, $5 per month: Naples
st.. near China ave. McEWEN BROS 118
Montgomery et.
FOR sale — Fine Income flats on Fulton, near
City Hall; reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post et.
$23,800— Paclflc-ave. corner: rents $167 60; new
Improvements.
$20,000 — Sacramento-st. corner; 37:6x82:6; new
building; rents $162 50. . ... • -
$16,500 — Montgomery-afe. business property;
rents $120; 4-story brick building.
$13,000— Rents $105: new flats; on Broderlck,
nr. Sacramento; 7 rooms and bath each.
$2.000— Glen ave.. near Glen Park; 26x100;
new cottage; 5 rooms and bath; easy
' terms.
$15.600 — Rents $125; Hayes Bt.; 25x137:6; 3
flats ; 8 rooms and bath each.
$20.000— Reats $1500; Slxth-st business prop-
erty; 50x85; stores, etc.
$4.600— Liberty st. near Valencia; 25x114;
two-story house; 8 rooms and bath.
$32,500 — Drumm-st. business Investment; 3-
story brick building; elevator, etc.;
rents $1800.
$5,000— Building lot; 30x00 to rear street; near
California and Stockton. ,.
$7,000— Rents SC2 50; Lake st, near Fourth
ave.; 30x100; 2 new flats, 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each.
$9,000 — Rents $72 50; Broderlck at., near Clay;
2 flats; 25x110.
$10,750— Washington, near Hyde; 28x137:6;
sunny exposure; 3 flats; rents $97 SO.
$8,500— Hents $81; large lot, 31:3x128; sunny
' side of Sacramento St.; 4 flats; rents
are low; can be increased.
$10,000 — Hyde St.. near Post; double frontage:
house 8 rooms 'and bath; this is . very
central downtown property.
$3,760 — Bush st, near Rroderick; sunny side;
house 7 rooms and bath.
$3,250— Rents $33; Tehama tt; 2 flats; 4 and
8 rooms; rear house; 3 rooms.
$4,000 — Natoma St.. near Eighth; lot 25x75;
elegant cottags house; 6 rooms and bath.
$5,000 — Brannan-st. corner, near 6th; 25x100;
store and flat and stable; rents $48.
. PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Most attractive residence' property in San
Francisco; close -to children's playgrounds, the
aviary, buffalo paddock, music stand, recrea-
tion grounds and all of the principal attrac-
tions of Golden Gate Park; street completely
sewered and paved with bituminous rock;
granite curbs, cement sidewalks; gas and
water mains In all streets and separate ser-
vice to every lot fully paid for: also side sew-
ers to each lot; all street work done under the
supervision of the Board of Public Works and
.accepted by the city; lots from $1300 and up.
Terms, part cash, balance on time at 6 per
cent per annum. Go out and see this property
to-day; agent at our office on the grounds,
corner H 6t. and 7th ave. All Park cars pass
the property.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Pest St.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
138 Montgomery st.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
The Following Properties to Be OffJred at Auc-
tion at My Ofnce on MONDAY, Oct.
6, at 12 O'clock:
027 UNION ST.. NR. MASON.
Fine modern 2-story residence of 10 rooms
and bath; lot 25x120 to an alley; could be con-
verted lnio 3 flats at a small outlay.
1321 CLAY ST.. NR. LEAVENWORTH.
Handsome 2-story bay-window residence of
9- rooms and bath; lot 27:6x114 to a rear
street; mortgage of $4000 can remain if de-
eired.
371-3 HAIGHT ST.. NR. WEBSTER.
Three-story building, arranged In 2 flats of
1 6 and 10 rooms and bath each, renting for S75
per month; lot 25x120 to rear street; J5000
mortgage can remain if desired.
COC GUERRERO ST.. NR. 1STH.
Fine a- story bay-window residence of S
rooms and bath; large sunny lot. 35x100; mort-
gage of j:!CtX> can remain if desired.
HOWARD & 21ST ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
Store and flats; rents $100 per month; see
catalogue for further particulars.
ALSO
Three flats, 2503 Howard st. ; particulars from
catalogue.
ALSO
2507 Howard st.; 2-story residence of 10
rooms; particulars from catalogue.
ALSO
Cottage, 73S Shotwell st. ; 6 rooms and bath;
lot 24x122:6; easy terms.
ALSO
738 Shotwell et. ; cottage 8 rooms and bath; lot
27:6x122:6; easy terms If desired. '
ALSO
732-4 Shotwell et. ; two 2-story houses of 7
rooms and bath each; rents $53; lot 3S:tal22:6;
mortgage of $3500 can remain if desired.
ALSO
2740-42 Filbert St.. nr. Broderlck; 2 handsome
modern flats of 5 and G rooma and bath oach.
renting for $53 per -month; lot 25x107:0; mort-
gage of S3000 can remain if desired. *
ALSO
Three choice building lots on Army St.. nr^
Church: 25 or 30x114 ft.; easy terms if desired.
Further particulars In catalogue. Apply at
this office.
F. B. • SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Auctioneer,
138 Montgomery st.
I also publish a monthly catalogue giving
particulars of alt classes of property for sale
in all part3 of the city. Send for one.
BOVEE, TOY & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
117 Montgomery street. Opp. Occidental Hotel.
Sll.uuo — Kents $1230 per annum; 3 substantial-
ly built flats on north side of one of
main streets, close to Park Panhandle;
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; all rooma
light and sunny, right up to date- lot
25x106:3 ftet. '
$15.000— Rents $127 50 per month; lot CO ft
frontage: Powell st. ; 3 good sized stores
and lodging house above of 24 rooms
under lease for three years; best bargain
otfered on Powell st.
$5,650 — California-st. residence, north side
close to Devisadero st., containing S
rooms and bath; in good condition- lot
25x127 :SU feet.
$6.500— Webster st., near O'Farrell; 2 good
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; rents
$52 50 per month; lot 25x87:0 feet.
$12.500— An elegant southeast corner lot north
of Sutter st. and east of Fillmore; a
splendid location for flats; price very
reasonable.
$4,500 — Choice Mission residence of 8 rooms
and bath; in good condition; close to
\ alencia and Nineteenth sts.
$.0,000— Four ewell up-to-date flats in vicinity
of Washington and Baker sts.; very fine-
ly constructed; nothing better in the
city: rents S1S0 per month; lot over 50
>o /^./ i ft V, frontage wlth a de Pth of 100 feet.
$8,000— Battery-st. lot at a bargain; size 25x
«A/w,« 12 !L ft - : owner wanting to leave town.
$10,0C0— Cheapest lot offered on Broadway st
e- , m cl o se to Octavla : ov 'er 45 feet frontage.'
$i.o00— fccott St., near O'Farrell; In good con-
dition; two flats of 5 and 0 rooms and
*o«: a™ i h: r f nts * D2 . 50 Per month: lot 25x00
$35,000— An elegant corner lot on Broadwav
near Flllmore St.; size 68:9x137-0 ft •
has an unobstructed marine view of bay
and Golden Gate and Marln County no
better location could be had for a resi-
dence.
$11.000— A good opportunity for builder: lot SOx
ci-,/v« 13 I :G ft - close t0 Park Panhandle.
$12.000— Sacramento St., • north side, close to
van Ness ave.; residence of 12 rooms
and bath; high, light basement; ilf™
Ie P ?h CO i n 27 dIt f l e°e n t : . fe^ g £ fr ° nta * e '
{17,500 — A new apartment house on northwest
corner In Western Addition: six apart-
ments containing 4 rooms and bath each-
rents $157 50 per month. . .'¦
$11.000— Three brand new flats on north side of
Page St.. near Park Panhandle, of 6 and
1 rooms and bath each; rents $105 per
month; one of the best , buys i n thi»
district.
Further particulars of
BOVEE TOY & CO.. 117, Montgomery st.
$1400— MODERN cottage; 5 rooms and bath-
city water: lot 50x100; $150 cash* S">4
monthly. *
$1500— 5-room cottage; redwood finish; electric
lights; hot and cold water; easy nav-
ments. v^'
fiS^M^ 1 5Ox135 on main avenue; $20 month
$2000— 2-story house: store and 11 room™ city
¦ water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized. ; a 04
$2600— Half block by the Santa Fe: $50 month
$1500— Lot for factory site. 221x125 ito
$2000— House. 4 rooms, attic and high base-
ment; lot 100x130: street macadamized.
fJZS-S"™"' K 98xl00 « on railroad: $15 month!
$1200— House. 5 rooms; barn; well; macadam.
$450 — Cabin, 1 room: lot 32x125; near station'
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 105C University ave
near San Pablo ai-e., Berkeley. _„--.>-'¦*
NOTICE to Mission property owners— I • make
a specialty of renting and selling Mlsaion
property.
$10.000— Pierce, near Halght. 3 new flats
$11,000— Page St., 3 new flats, 6 and 7 room.
bath, snap: 2802 Howard, 7 rooms bath*
lot 34:10x110, snap; 826 Waller stn
rooms, bath, lot 25x110. "
$2,800— Whitney st., new cottage, 6 rooms
bath. '
$2,300— Sanchez St., near Twenty-eighth 4
rooms, bath, lot 25x100. *' !* T^V;
$2,800— Thirtieth st.. new cottage, 5 rooms
bath, lot 36x125. rooms,
$1.100— Thirtieth st.. lot 25x114; $400 cash
PATTERSON. 11 Oty Hall square! ...
THREE elegant residences on Presidio Heights
—2030 Jackson street. 8 rooms and bath so
dal hall and storeroom ; 302S Jackson street
II rooms and 2 baths and storeroom ¦ 3034
Jackson street, 11 rooms. 2 baths and store-
room. These residences are all t up-to-date
in every way. have separate entrances and
are open for Inspection dally. For further
particulars apply ¦ '-.'.-¦. .,.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
$1600 — NEW., modern,/ up-to-date 4-roonv and I
bath cottage: eunny; Mission; $400 cash $15 I
monthly. OWNER, box 4369, Call office. j
BAIT FRA.TCI3CO CALX*,
BUSINESS OFFICE af the 8aa Fnaeisoo
C&1L eoraer Market aad Third streets; opea
katil U o'clock every alstt ia the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C3T Montcomory street.
toiiKj Clay; opea cntll 9:30 p. m-
S00 Hayes street: opea until 9:30 p. m.
C23 McAllister street; opea until 9:30 p. ta.
CJ Larkla street: opea until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Missloa street: opea until 10 p. —
S2C1 Uarket street eoraer Sixteenth: opea
sjstll I in m.
100 derenta street; open antil 9 p. is.
1094 Valencia, street: ooea until 9 p. m.
Northeast eoraer Church aad Dtmcaa streets;
«pea uatll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twentr-eeooad aad Kea-
tscky strsets: opea nntll 9 jk m.
£200 FlUtnore gtreat; open until » p. m.
JtCAJj ESTATC— CITY— FOR SAXTE.
UADXSOI? A BURKE. SO Moatroiaery »t
AUCTION 1
ACCTION!
1 AUCTION!
AUCTION!
WEDNESDAT SEPT. SO, 190S,
At our salesroom, SO Montgomery at.
At 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE'S SALE.
Sfo. X4» California St.. bet Hyde and Lar-
. kin; old dwelUac; elegant site tor flats; lot
80x137:0.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
Koa. 4T-49 Lacrtoa st.. bst. Howard aad
. Fclsom: 2 flats; reatlar for $» per mouth;
lot asxta. also
2Cos. 22-22U La&gton. bet. Howard aad
Folsota; store aad fiats above: renting- for
(43 60 per moeta] lot 23x75.
BUSH ST. INSIDE LOCATION.
No. 705 Bush, adJoialB*- oor. Powell; bouse
' 12 roods: rect tSO per xnoatfc; Al location
tor apartzsect-bouse.
CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR POLK.
Noa. lBOft-1608 California et.. adjolala* N.
W. oor. Polk; S bou»*s. renting low for $80
- per month ; t— i property has grand business
' future; lot &0x87:0 aad 137:6.
TATLOR-8T. CORNER.
Northeast cor. Taylor st. and Broadway; 3
dwelling*; retting tor |63 per month: one of
ti.9 moet sightly and protected comers la
this section; grand oorner for flats or apart-
ZDents; lot 62:OxS>0.
TATLOR ST., ADJOINING COR. JACKSON
Nos. 1309-1511 ana 1S13 Taylor St.; 68:9
teet south of Jackson; large bouse of 23
rooms, baths, etc. ; also 2 dwellings adjoining
of 9 rooms each, which, with small outlay,
could be converted into flats; grand marine
view; lot 107:0x137:6.
HOWAKD-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1209 to 1211B Howard and 708 to 712
Tehama; 6 substantial modern flats on
Howard et. and 8 fiats on Tehama St., In
rear: present low rental $25S0 per annum;
lot 45x100.
GOLDEN GATE PARK BLOCK.
Half block facing Goldrn Gate Park;
fronting on Fulton et. <fcrmerly D st.).
Thirtieth ave. and C St.: size 120x600.
ESTATE OF M. HARTLEY. DDCEASED.
Lots Nos. 8 and 9 in block 202 of the S. S.
F. Hi. and R. R- Association; size 75x200.
Let No. 8 in block 34 of Excelsior Hcme-
ctead Association; size 100x130.
For catalogue and particulars apply to
MADISON 4 BURKE.
30 Montgomery it.
Madison & burke.
real estate agents,
established january/, 1858.
80 Mostgomery Et Opposite Lick House
Sacramento et., between Larkln and Polk; 3
bouse* and lot .'.5x1 IS, paying large In-
ccrr.e, cr.Iy SIS, 000 asked.
nilmore st.. corner of Geary; IS5 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore: the
largest and finest corner on the market
en any business street; |40,000; call for
particulars.
Jsckscr. Et.. 50-vara lot. corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, sightly building location: commands
erand. unobstructed view and best neigh-
borhood in city; only $30, 0w).
fSOOO— To close an estate; Dolores st., near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents $00: large lot.
must sell immediately; call for particu-
lars.
fSOOO — Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan- 2
buildings; rents {6S CO per month- 27 6x
120 to rear etreet.
$2350 — Ehotwell. near 24th et.: 6 rooms and
bath: Jot 22:3x122:0.
Cbtap home; only J2300: on Twentieth et.
near Guerrero; 4 rooms and bath; cottajre
and lot 25x114.
LOTS -
S4200 — 6teiner st-. near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2500— Lots on Larkin. near Broadway; S100
per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter, Post and
Steiner sts. In sizes to euit^
Building lots, northeast comer Golden Gate
ave. and Baker «t.. in sizes to Euit.
Prices from J2000 upward.
MADISOX & BURKE.
SO Montgomery ft., cpp. Lick House.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING To"M0RE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IX
HAYWARDS BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
T J£S£ N J* EAI ' ESTATE IS BOUGHT THE
PURCHASER is more interested in the title
than In the land itself. The land only repre-
sents so much soil, which may be bought at
less than a dollar per load. The title repre- i
cents the right to occupy without molestation
and the rifrht to sell, transfer and devise by
will. Perfect security as to title is fur-
nished by policies Issued by this company.
""I'LL MAKE ASSURANCE DOUBLY
SURE aad take a bond."— Macbeth.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IV-
6URANCE COMPANY having a complete io-
callty plant or copy of the real estate re-
cords, constructed especially for insuring real !
<»state titles like modern plants of New
York. Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities-
reasonable rates, regular trust company bus-
laesa transacted under State charter; all mat
ters controlled and managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES-
TTILLIAM ALVORD
CHARLES R. bTs^Sp" * C * U^ nla -
ROBERT BRUCE^ 6 " ° f CaUf ° rnI& -
HENRY L. DA1& & C °-
P. N. LILIENT^AL. 1 C * m ° ni * ° PUM C °-
WARREN-offi. Bank.
CHARTS PAGE?'' "* Coun « el °-
A T EPOTTC McCutChen & Klil * b t. A«'ys.
JOHN R^PRlSb.™* IM - Md C -
• Capitalist. 530 California st
B. GETZ. ROOM 22, CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!!
New Level Block on the Market
All Lets and Corners Have Grand Ocean View
FtretCome— First Served
$100 to $400; Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly.
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS'"
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET: !!
LOOK AT THEM YOU'LL LIKE trpu
Elevated-Level-Graded-Ready to Bunion
On Very Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
.- ,, """ARM BELT OF THE MISSION'"
If You Haven't Seen Them Go at Once'"
Choicest 'Home- Bldg. Lots.. ..Perfectly Level
$150 up.... $5 month.. ..On Miss!on-st. carilne
$300 to $1200.... Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$1000 to $5000-New Cottares-Eaey Terms
£ urset ' Richmond and Excelsior.
-Buy Direct from Owner" Title Perfect.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY. 646 Market st
$50,000— New Pacific-are, investment- now
rented for $5000 a year. lraenl ' now
$6,000-Plerce and Vallejo st. corner; marine
$5.C50— Choice corner on Union st^ with two
cottages suitable to improve
$1,200— Ocean House road corner, 100x125- half
real value for quick sale w -"*°» n *«
$150— For a Suony Side level building lot.
$r,.2.%0— Two flat*; always rented; near Union
$2,fr.O— Ste!ner-st. cottage; a choice locality
S2.50O— Lot. Union. St., near Pierce! IOCamjr -
Si. 200 — Greenwlch-st. building lots
$175— Special bargain for Lakevlew lot.
fl.3"0 — Corner on Webster st.; bargain
$650— Fruitvale; lasge corner; cheap'
$1,200— Webster-st lots, near Greenwich.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY. 648 Market st.
BARGAINS ~ ~~ "~ ~~
$2400 — Cottage 8 irons and bath; lot 23x100-
Precita ave.; cars pass the door; $500 cash '
$1300— Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 23rS0; Folsoni et-
half block from cars; street work all done '
$3300 — $500 cash; 2-story. 7 rooms; modern; lot
20x122; fine neighborhood; between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth streets.. Fair Oaks.
$2100— Cottage. 4 rooms, and stable; unfinished
basement; can be made Into a flat; Duncan
st.. sunny clde, between Guerrero and Do-
lores.
$1100— Lot 25x125: Fair Oaks ct.. between
Twenty-flfth aad .Twenty-sixth; -sunny side;
flne neighborhood; lots In same block held at
$2000; $900 cash, balance long time.
3. r. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
21S-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$35,000— Fillmore And Sacramento sts.; transfer
point; magnificent lot to improve; will
pay 8 per cent net. j
$9,C0O— Income $900 gross per annum: 2 new
modern flats on sunny slli of Sacra-
. mento st.; will D«y 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet
$S,230— Central ave.. near Paclflc ave.; ele-
gant marine view; lot 40x90 feet; ready
to build en.
$S,CCO— New modern Oa.t», close to Jackion
st cable line; C and 8 room* and bath
each; rented very low for $37 50; rents
should be Increased: lot 25xllO fe«t.
$7,200 — Presidio Heights residence; Locust st.
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic; 7 rooms and bath and
basement: 3 bedrooms and also room for
serwmt: lot 25xll2:« feet.
$t,500 — Presidio Heights residence lot: Clay
St.. sunry side: marine view; near Lo-
cust St.; size 30x127 :8»i feet.
$4 250— Jackson st, sunny side, near Baker;
lot 27:6x127 :3>4 feet, or four lots at
same rate.
$35,C00— Mission st corner: 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net: stores and apart-
ment house above; flne investment.
$17.500 — NW. corner Pacific and San»ome sts. ;
lot 33x67 ft. more or less; improvements
consist of stores and fiats; monthly
rents $132; mortgage of $3000 can re-
main.
$13,500— Steiner st. near Ellis; 3 new Cats Just
finished. 6-6-7 rooms and bath: rents
, $32 50. $37 50. $37 5O; total rents $107 SO;
all leased for one year.
$18.500— California st. near Laguaa; fine resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; large lot.
84:4^x132 ft: house will rwulily rent
for $100 per month.
$11.000— Clay St.. near Buchanan: beautiful 12-
room residence: all modern Improve-
ments; lot 25x100 ft.: a bargain.
$8.100— Sutter st, near Devisadero; gubstan-
tlal residence; stable; large lot: 83:3 J *x
114 feet; or wilt sell 84:3x114 feet for
$6500.
$1S,OCO — Bush st.. Inside of Byde; a large,
substantial residence of 13 rooms and
bath; now rentlns for $05 monthly: lot
27:6x137:6 ft.; mortgage of $3500 at 6
per cent can remain; property must be
sold wltbln 90 days.
$30,000 — 3-story and basement brick building.
Battery st. : one tenant; leased five years
at $175 monthly; pays 6 3-10 per cent
net; lot 40x94 feet.
$17.000^ — Flllmore st. near McAllister; flne
modern flats. 7-8 rooms and bath each;
rents $127 60 per month; lot £3x87:8 ft.
$6,000— Webster st. near Clay; 2-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x90 feet to rear street.
$7.000 — Broadway, this side of Van Nese ave.;
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooma mn& bath;
rents $53; a pick-up.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sals.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Asents,
21S-22O Montgomery st
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st. "
$2100^ — Cor. 25th and Wisconsin sts.; nsw cot-
tage of 4 rooms, bath and basement; good loca-
tion for grocery; $300 down. $15 a month.
$1750 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement: $300 down. $13 a month; Wisconsin
St.. near Twenty-flfth.
$2700— House of 2 flats and attic: basement.
rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
$3750— CALL to-day and see my two elegant
new six-room houses; porcelain bath, tiled,
very high basement; could be converted Into
four rooms; cement sidewalk ; sewered; few
steps from cars; must be seen to be appre-
ciated; 25 and 27 Brazil ave.; take red Mls-
slon-st car. E. LEWIS. 630 Market st
$2100 COTTAGE of 4 r. and b.. large basement
and yard; 224 27th st : this is a bargain.
$100 down and $15 per month; cottage, 4 r. and
b. ; Nevada ave.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 0 per cent.
; MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
I FOR sale — House 8 rms. ; high basement; sunny
j side 13th. bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
I offer refused. Stephens tk Co.. Union-sq. Mkt
! FINE lot on Eleventh ave.. south of the Park.
Box IMS. Call office.
$1250— 4-ROOM cottage: lot 25x110. 323S Har-
rlson St., near Preclta ave.; Inquire 3224.
TO LEASE — General farm. ICO acrea. in Coa-
tra Costa Co. Box 37. Lafayette, CaL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*- The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL K STATU Count ry Kor Sal*.
LANDS for sale.b/ PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY, Crocker building. A. V. Shepard,
manager.
SISKIYOU COUNTT.
35,482 acres — Improved; dwellings, barns;
all fenced, etc.; ideal stock range; ready
for occupation.
SHASTA COUNTY.
6350 acres — Castle Crag- lands; flne timber;
beautiful meadow, with the best natural
soda spring In the Sacramento river canyon
(the old site of Castle Crag Tavern); price
will be given to responsible parties who have
real Intentions of purchasing.
1591% acres — Adjoining town of An-
derson; the home of the peach and Bartlett
pear; choice fruit and alfalfa land.
TEHAMA COUNTY.
5124 acres^ — 9 miles southwest of ReJ
Bluff: gocd farmlns and pasture land; well
watered.
GLENN COUNTT.
63 acres — At German town; good vineyard
land.
150 acres — At Kurand station (6 miles
from Willows): best grain land in the State.
j - MERCED COUNTY.
! 700 acres — Adjoining city ot Merced: sub-
divided into 5 to 20 acre tracts ranging In
price according to location; Merced Is In
the center of the garden spot of the San
¦ Joaquin Valley, where the sweet potato, corn,
alfalfa, stock acd the dairy are a sure
revenue.
2900 acr»s — 3 miles southeast of Merced:
pasture-and grain land; for sale as a whole
or will divide in two pieces. 1940 acres in
one and 960 acres in the other.
FRESNO COUNTY.
200 acres — At Fowler OH miles south of
the city of Fresno); in a good growing town:
subdivided into 5 to 20 acre tracts; best
141 acres— At I vesta Siding (Mlnneola): d
miles east of Fresno, near the celebrated
Mlnneola vineyard; gcod soil; choice vineyard
land.
785 acresi — Between Lemoore and Cballnga;
pasture land.
SUTTER COUNTY.
224 aeries — At Oswald (5 miles from
Marysville): Improved; house, barn, wind-
mill, and fenced: choice orchard land.
3S7 acres — At Tudor (10 miles from Marys-
vllle): Improved: house, barn, windmill,
fenced, etc.: good alfalfa or orchard land:
now leased as a dairy and stock farm; pres-
ent lease expires this fall: great opportunity
SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY.
341 acres — At Tracy; Improved: house.
§ barns, and all fenced; good grain and dairy
land.
352 acres — At Lathrop: 153 acres good pas-
ture land: 36 acres good grain, orchard or
alfalfa land.
• STANISLAUS COUNTT
74 acres— 2% miles north of Newman; Im-
proved house, barn and fenced: extra good
soil: Just the place for a dairy; "Al" al-
falfa land.
KINGS COUNTY.
473 acres — At Armona. 4 miles west of
Hanford: rich, sandy loam under Irrigation:
ditch; well Improved: 100 acree In orchard
and vineyard.
TULA RE COUNTY.
115 acres — At Lindsay; the best orsnjre
land In the early belt: subdivided ints 5,
10 or 20 acre tracts to suit buyer.
390 acres — Mayhew tract, near Vlsalla:
nearly 200 acres, suitable for alfalfa, corn,
irrapes and oranges: borders on the St John
River: abundance of water: many beautiful
oak trees on this property.
428 acres — Between Traver and Goshen:
- pasture land. -
MONTEREY COUNTT.
CCOO acres^ — 20 miles east of Monterey, on
the Carmel River: stock ranch: highly Im-
proved: dwellings, stock barns, cow sheds,
dairy house and property all fenced.
.1345 acres — At Gonzales; good grain ani
pasture land; all fenced.
A RARE bargain — 2100. acres Stanislaus Coun-
ty. 1300 acres good plow land; all exception-
ally good grazing land: fenced and Improved:
will exchange for San Francisco property.
A. B. TARPEY. room 34. 508 Montgom«*t
' st.. San Francisco.
$1450— SNAP bargain In Lake County: SO acre*
level land. 1 mil* from town; 3 acres of
bearing orchard, 5-room house, barn, rreek
and well water. C. F. MOORE. 935 Mar-
ket «t
9000 ACRES, flowing with milk and honey, for
the cost of Improvements, $153,000. CHAS.
W. COE & CO.. 45 West Santa Clara st..
Ean Joae.
FOR sale — Canty ranch of 3300 acres, near
Grayson. Stanislaus Ccunty. Cal.: if sr>H
within 30 days. $40,000: liberal terms. J. M.
CANTY. 626 Nineteenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
fenced hedges around land: good house;
chicken-bouses, water; reasonable; chickens.
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 41t» Examiner bid.
FRUIT ranch 22 acres: full bearing; ta-
provements; % prunes. H apricots. <4
peaches; trees 10 years old. For particu-
lars. A. J. McCOY. CatnpbeU. Cai.
ALFALFA lands, stock rancow, orchards.
Market it
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO- »* Montgomery St.
FOR sale— 23 acres near Mulr Station: partly
planted In youny vineyard; oiled roads. Ad-
dresn E. B.. B07 Sixth St.. Oakland.
BARGAIN— To rent or sell 4*4 Ae^, near San
Mateo. 2O7 Chare" nr. Market. 10 to 11 a. m.
FOR poultry and d*lry ranches yielding a good
! profit BAUXUtOS & KENDRICK,PetaIuma.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR 8ALE.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH! 219 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents. Opp. Mills Building.
fiOf* G/tte CHtAP
K . -"VVV
S r.tfotce au/LOf/sfo lots V
K >
£ owe 0&oc* rttofr /tsmtcrr t{
t» ;
fX.O
0 "• O
I I
[ &* 1 ao I ao Mo 1 [,
CtOUttM ST
$3800 — Two flne bay-window Cats. 0 rooms and
bath each; large basement; heavy brick
foundation: in Al condition; building
alone coat $4200; bituminized etreet; ce-
ment sidewalk; Pond st., near 16th.
$3600— Two excellent flats, 4-5 rooms, baths;
all newly painted and papered; thoroughly
renovated inside and out; rents $3S4 per
year; lot 25x114 feet; l»th st., nr. Castro.
$4000 — 21st St., near Folsom: 2 modern flats,
4-5 rooms and bath each; large base-
ment; brick foundation; bituminized
street; lot 25x100; a genuine bargain.
$5500 — Two modern flats, 5-6 rooms, baths:
basement; brick foundation: rents $550
per year; lot 25x100; Sanchez St.. nr. 16th.
$9500— Presidio Heights; 2 beautiful new flats,
8-0 rooms and baths; key lot 25x137:6;
every room light and sunny; rents $950
per year; can be raised; bank mortgage
*1000 can remain; situated Walnut st..
near Clay.
$3100— Store and 4 rooms and flat above of 5
rooms; two frontages; Pacific st, near
Hyde.
RESIDENCES.
$5250 — Beautiful residence, 7 rooms and bath;
finished basement; lot 25x112; Castro st ,
near 20th.
$9500— Swell corner residence, 11 rooms, bath;
finished basement; stable; offered at a
¦sacrifice; Jackson-st corner, near De-
visadero; 2SxllO feet.
Improved and unimproved property In all
parts of the city on easy terms.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery it
C. M. WOOSTER CO., —
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
643 Market st
$15,5(X> — 4 modern well-built flats on Webster
st., near Geary; rents low for $1410- '
grand lot. 60x137:6.
$22,500— Double apartment-house. 21 rooms: 4
flats on rear street; lot 41:3x120: north
side of Golden Gate ave., near Van
Ness ave.; rents $2100; biggest bargain
in the city.
$10,000 — 4 new elegant modern up-to-date flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; all
rented; paying over 1 per cent per |
month; fronts 35 ft; in the best part !
of the Mission; on electric car line; i
mortgage of $6000 at 6 per cent can re-
main. |
$7,500—3 modern flats, north side of McAllls- '
ter st; rents ?840; lot 25x137:6; 7 years
old; well built
$7,250 — 2 stores and 2 flats, 5 rooms each;
separate basements; 7-foot brick foun-
dation; all rented and paying over 1
per cent per month; mortgage $4000 at
6 per cent can remain; on car line;
Mission warm belt; 36:8 feet frontage.
$5,250— Handsome residence, 8 large rooms,
bath, finished basement; 7 years old;
on Pine st.. near Scott; very best of
condition.
$4,250 — 4 flats in flne condition, near 3d and
Harrison; rents $463; brick foundation;
28:9x85.
$4,000— Reduced from $5d00 for Immediate
sale: owner must sell; exceedingly
cheap: fine N. E. cor. lot 48x90; bar-
gain for builders or speculators; mort-
gage of S300O at 6 per cent: two blocks
north of Market st ; flne district
$3,800—2 splendid flats; nearly new; on 21st
.^"fYoP^Vf 01 ren *ed very low for
v"*">— : lot «woxii4.
$3.600 — Modern residence: flne condition- Fair
Oaks st. near 22d; heart of Mission
to?aJ:£m:«. room3 and bath: atable;
?3,500— Lot 60x110; Fillmore st. near Lom-
bard; Improvements 2-story mill, sulta-
*•> ,a« o for a manufacturer; rents $420.
$3,100—2 new modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each; new plumbing; fine
condition; rents ?372; on Glover st., near
Lea\enworth.
$2.800— Only ?2oO cash; balance very easy-
brand-new up-to-date cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; electric cars pass the door-
.,»^ on « 24th st - ; lot 25x114. '
$7,2oO— 2 modern up-to-date flats and a cot-
T?r e v o f w 3 rooma : Sc °« st. near Girls-
High School; rents $810; one of the best
buys oii the market.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S Market st
JAMES G. JONES, 26 Montgomery St..
* Opposite Lick House.
,, onnn IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$18,000— Franklin st., nr. Broadway: 3
grand new flats of 8 r. each; strictly
modern in all respects; marble
steps; 10 bay- windows; beam ceil-
ings; hardwood floor; flne marine
view; rent $1920.
$3,500— Gough st, nr. Broadway; elegant
modern home; 8 r. and 3 finished
basement r.; furnace, grates; extra
choice neighborhood: marine view-
reduced from ?900O for quick sale.
$5,000— Lyon st.. nr. Post; 2 flne bay-
•t r/^ wl^? ow flats of 5 and 6 r - and bath.
$7,500— Three new Mission flats of 5 r
each; strictly modern; nr. cars-
rented for $860.
$5,800— Mission warm belt; on main
street; half block east of Market;
nr. flne branch library Just building -
2 beautiful modern flats of 5 and 6
r.; built one year; can be leased for
more than $50; owner leaving State:
easy terms.
$5,700 — Large corner store and 2 flats;
.« , only 6 y ears built; forced sale.
$5,000— Four flats in flne business block In
Mission: steadily rented for $376;
. lot 37x125 alone will soon be worth
the money.
$3,500 — Beautiful cottage in Mission. In
splendid condition; 5 r.. b. and large
basement: grand view; lawn; flow-
ers; flne bearing peach trees; straw-
berry beds; few doors from cars.
$3,300— Exquisite 2-story new cottage of 6
r. and bath; large basement and lot;
2 car lines.
$1,900 — Cottage cf 5 rooms and large-
basement; nr. Church and Twenty-
fourth sts.; large lot; 2 barns.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$5.000— Clay ct.. nr. Maple; choice lot, 40
xl27; marine view; good worth.
$3,500— One of the finest lota in the neigh-
borhood of Halgbt and Ashbury
sts: lot 25x100.
$2.800— Magnificent lot on Frederick st.
facing Shrader; lot 25x137:6; flne
view of Golden Gate Park.
$2 t 80X> — An exceptionally fine lot on Wal-
ler St., nr. Buena Vista Park; lot 25
xl4S; between- 2 fine houses; wide
light space on side. -
JAMES G. JONES, 28 Montgomery st.
_________
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union building.)
$1750 — Bargains: cheap lots and easy way to
get one; only $100 first payment; flne
location, with grand marine view and on
cunny side of street; ready for building;
cars pass in front: on north side Union,
east of Baker; sizes 25x100; flats bring
big rents and everything is rented in this
locality; one flat in the block became va-
cant during this month; a number of
parties came forward; it Is now leased
for a year to a merchant and business
man; get a home or build a flat for big
interest Investment
$2500 — The last one of those choice lots on
sunny side Union, close to Scott: 23x110;
on the slope of the hill; a fine buy to
build a home on and cheap.
$4S00 only— A positive bargain; a flne north-
west corner In the Western Addition, with
grand marine view, with 103 feet frontage
on the north or sunny side of the street;
cars pass; a capitalist offered $5000 for
this lot 4 months ago; It is a splendid
purchase to Improve with flats; ready for
building; will brlns big Income If Im-
proved.
$2500— A NE. corner, with a marine view:
25x100.
$2400— Webster-st lot. 27:6x107:6: a bargain;
- flne location for flats or residence.
$2600 for both or $1300 for one — 2 choice lots.,
west side Sixth ave.. north of Lake; 25x
120 each: ready for building; street work
all done; adjoining lot just aold for $1500;
these lots are elevated and sltely ; if u
the biggest bargain in this section; flne
residences going up: look at these lots; a
flne buy for a builder; can arrange for
easy payments; cars pass within a few
steps.
$900— Lots this side of Eighth ave.. north of
the park, with 3 lines of cars passing and
within a few steps: only a few now left-
street work done; very cheap. '
W. J. GUNJf.
.430 CALIFORNIA ST.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
LYON * HOAG.
lie MONTGOMERY OTREET.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale In all sections of the city.
$40,000 — Fine large lot; old Improvements; no
leases now; east of Hyde; - right in
town; 50x187:6; 6S75 square feet
FINE SITE FOR AN APARTMENT HOUSE.
$39,000— Corner Fell and Franklin; 1% blocks
from Market: large lot, 3 frontages;
12uxS2: 6.
BIG INTEREST— WESTERN ADDITION.
$9,000— Five flats on Geary st. near FlUmore;
renting- for $05;. small flats that always
¦ rent. " A • . . J
FINE MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE IN TOWN
$6, 15fr— Near Leavenworth and Chestnut: 2-
. • story residence of 7 looms and bath;
. large lot, 27:6x110.
$2,500— Church, near Sixteenth; cottage of 4
rooms and bath and stable; close to
. town; lot worth price.
TWO FLATS WITH BIG LOT.
$4,600 — Diamond, near Eighteenth; contains 5
and 6 rooms and bath; rents $40; lot
35x128.
COTTAGE NEAR THE PARK.
$3,700 — Carl, near Cole; nice- bay-window cot-
tage, 4 biff rooms and bath (new); sta-
ble in rear: lot 25x187:6.
$5,000 — O'Farrell st.. near Buchanan; lot 25x
' 90, with a good 2-story house of 8 rooms
and bath; rent $40.
$4,000 — Potrero- ave., near Twenty-third st;
lot 25x100, with 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; modern and In good con-
. dltion; rent $34; mortgage can remain.
$4,750 — Sanchez st., corner of Twenty-flfth;
flne 2-story building,, containing 2 flats
of 5 and 6 rooms; porcelain bath; mod-
ern plumbing: rent $38; make offer.
$3,500— Rent $76; the very best kind of a buy:
new building; 3 flats, 5 rooms, etc.,
each; good view; good neighborhood;
will always rent; cor. on prominent
street la Mission.
$5,000— Near new Twenty-fourth-st. electric
power-house (Utah st, nr. Twenty-
flfth); 2 new flats, 4 and 5 rooms: ex-
ceptionally good, both in arrangement
and finish; also stable with driveway:
rent .?37.
$5,000— Harrison st. nearj Sixth; rent $47; 4
good, substantial tenements: large lot; a
good Investment; good and Improving lo-
cation. /
NICE HOME IN MISSION.
$3,200 — Brand new 2-story residence. 6 rooms
and bath: Douglas st, near Twenty-sec-
ond; 25x123; large mortgage can remain;
must be sold at once; best home for
the money In the city.
GOOD FLATS, MISSION WARM BELT.
$4,750— Rent $38; two flats. 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; lot 25x125; these flats Are well lo-
cated in Mission warm belt.
$6,000— Clay ton st, nr. Halght: 2 modern flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; nearly new;
rent $52 60: large lot ,
$3,000 — Twenty-second st, nr. Noe: lot 25x
114. with bay-window cottage of- 5
rooms, bath, etc.; is a flne home; cheap.
$7,500— Hermann st, nr. Fillmore; 2 flats of 6
and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x120
to Gilmore ave.; good flats; good loca-
tion.
$7,750— Rent $74 50; big snap; new 3-story
building, containing 3 flats of 5 rooms
and bath each; Fifteenth st, nr. Do-
lores; could not be duplicated for any-
thing like the price.
$9,750— Rent $92 50; in Park Panhandle dis-
trict, facing Golden Gate Park; 3 new
flats of 7 rooms and bath each and fin-
ished basement: lot 23x106:3; building
only about 2 years old.
LYON & HOAG,
• 118 Montgomery, st"
A BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN HOME ON
EASY TERMS.
?6500 — Brand new modern house, containing
8 rooms, bath, etc., on Shrader st., near Carl,
In Park Panhandle district; this house Is ex-
ceptionally well arranged: has abundance of
licht and sun and Is elegantly finished In the
latest style; can be had on terms of $1000 cash,
balance in monthly Installments: house open
for Inspection: better see this home at on-e.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St., Qpp. Mills Bldg.
SNAPS.
PAYING ENORMOUS INTEREST
THESE PROPERTIES MUST BE SOLD.
$0,750— Rents $SS8; pays 13 1-3 per cent;
Fillmore st; cars one block; 4 new flats;
electricity and gas; tiled mantels, tinted
walls, frescoed ceilings, porcelain tubs;
concrete foundation; bituminized street;
cement walks front and rear; enormous
sacrifice; must be sold.
$5,500— Rents ?S52; all rented; pays I5tf per
| cent; near Fillmore and Geary sts.; 3
flats of 4, 5 and O rooms and bath; fully
furnished; furniture included in the
above price: good condition; sanitary
plumbing; brick foundation.
$7,000— Rents $906; 3 new up-to-date Mission |
flats of 6, 0 and 7 rooms and bath; few I
feet from Fourteenth st.
$10,000 — Rents ?1176: Pierce st.: S elegant,
new, up-to-date flats of 7 rooms and
bath each: every modern convenience;
very choice neiehborhood.
$10,750 — Rents $1260; Page st. N. side; lot 25x
100 ft: 3 new up-to-date flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; handsome surround-
ings.
$9,000— Rents S942; Fell st.; 3 very attractive
modern flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
perfect condition.
$11.500 — Facing Duboce Park; 3 swell, new
up-todate flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; kitchens in center; every possible
convenience; choice key lot, 25x105 ft;
• improvements alone cost $9000; a bar-
gain.
$0,000 — Rents $654; California st: 3 attrac-
tive, well-built, bay-windowed flats; in
perfect condition; rented extremely low.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
203 Montgomery st, Opp. Mills bldg.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY
513 CALIFORNIA "ST.
FILBERT. NEAR POWELL.
$25,000 — 68:9x160 to rear street; four 10-room
houses; renting for $112 50.
WESTERN ADDITION COR. RESIDENCE
$19,000 — Northwest corner, near Park Pan-
handle; 50x100; modern house of 14 rooms.
GEARY-ST. NEW FLATS.
$14,500—27:6 feet frontage; 3 new flats- rent*
$122 60; In the most desirable portion of
Geary st.
NEW FILLMORE ST. FLATS
$9000— Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
each; renting for $85.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS HOME
$S500— 26:6x01:8; corner Vallejo and Buchan-
an gts.; w ell constructed h6use of 7 rooms and
bath.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$5750 — 34:1x103; W. line Devlsadcro st near
Green; beautiful marine view and In a ranMiv
grow Ins locality. v *
VAN NESS-AVE. BUILDING LOTS
65x137:6; west line Van Ness ave. "near
Greenwich; splendidly situated for a home or
MISSION HOME.
$5250 — 37x90 to rear Etreet; San Jose ave
near 25th; 9 rooms and bath; in the warm belt
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT
$5200 — 41:6x125; Union St., near Van Ness
ave.
JACKSON ST.— STORE AND FLATS
$4500 — Jackson st. near Powell; store and
lodging-house; rented for $36 per month- mort
gage of $1500 can remain. - .-' f^ -'
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS
$4500— Laguna st., near Union; two modem
bay-window flats; rents $34.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS
2 lots, 25x87:6 each : Fillmore, near O'Far-
rell; flne locality for flats; must be eold.
soldT""
Too late for the cottage on Alvarado street
but never too late to do good yourself. '
WE will build you a home according to
plans on your own lot, or provide one for
you on installment less than rent Consult
us and you will save thousands of dollars
JACOB HETMAN COMPANY,
--.: V,.r 117 Sutter gt.
$500— Lot 25x120 on Forty-seventh avenue, be-
tween I and J streets. .
$450 — Lot on Corbett avenue; marine view.
$250— Park lots between J , and K, Twenty-
eighth, and Twenty-ninth avenues; cheap;
worth double.
$150— Fark lots near Forty-fifth avenue and
Ocean House Boulevard ; marine view.
$350 — Park lots on Mateo and Arlington streets;
graded; sewered.
$150 — Lots on France avenue. Excelsior, Home-
. stead. ' , ¦ ' • '
Lots graded and sewered on Twenty-second
street, near Douglas: on easy payment*.
$75 — Lots in Alvln Tract, .facing Elmhurst R.
R. station: 10 minutes ride from Oakland -
"rich soil; fine climate. •
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY,
: 117.Suttcr st.
COTTAGE with . all modern improvements:
; ' terms same as rent ', Apply owner, lumber
- * yard. 1 . BE." corner Alabama and Montcalm sts.
$11,000;— INCOME property south of Market st ;
- pays' 10% per cent- net after " deducting all
expenses. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush stTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
41
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD, HEAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE- COMPANY.
Established 20 Years.
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
BANK SNAP.
$7500— $10,000 waa loaned on this property:
beautiful residence 10 rooms; corner lot, 15Ux
140, overlooking . Lake Merritt; easily accessi-
ble to Broadway: sole representatives.
LINDA VISTA MANSION.
$6000— Brand new residence, 10 rooms; doublo
parlors; frescoed ceilings;, electricity; pressed
brick mrfhtels; concrete foundation; beamed
ceilings; modern In every detail; terraced lot;
street work complete; marine view; owner
must sell.
A BARGAIN CLOSB IN.
$3500 — Modern 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; make good income property; near Hobart
and San Pablo ave.
OWNER FORCED TO SELL-.
New, modern residence, T rooms and bath;
up to date In every respect; fine neighborhood;
owner has $3000 mortgage on place and will
dispose of equity same as rent
A SNAP FOR R. R. PEOPLE.
$3000 — A fine dwelling of 7 rooms and bath;
on one of the best streets in West Oakland ;
north of Eighth at.; lot 41x102; gas; cement
driveway; Iron fence; lawn; house cost $3500;
In fine order; owner leaving and must sell; can
be rented for $27 60.
SOME SMALLER PROPERTIES.
$2250 — Neat bay-window cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; lot 30x103; near Sixteenth and West.
$2250 — Splendid modern cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; street work complete; cement sidewalks;
lawn, driveway and barn; terms arranged.
$2200 — Nice cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot
50x100: 6 years old; Just painted; near Oakland
ave.. Piedmont.
$2250 — Fine modern cottage, o rooms and
bath; lot 33x112; prettily situated; near new
car line; cl<»e in; cheap.
<d — — _
$2000 — Neat bay window cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; corner lot; near San Pablo ave. and San-
ta Fe Railroad.
HOME WITH A FUTURE ASSURED.
$1750— Nice cottage of 4 large rooms and high
basement; 50 feet frontage; 1\(, blocks from
Santa Fe line, on the only thoroughfare west
of San Pablo; traffic must pass this place; In-
vestigate.
BIG INTEREST ON MONEY.
J1400 — Neat, cozy cottage, 4 rooms and bath:
patent toilet and modern plumbing; rent $15
steady; near Park and Oak street local sta-
tions.
$11CK) — Good 4-room cottage; nice neighbor-
hood; near Thirty-second and Magnolia; street
work complete.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO./ •
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT.
1000 Broadway, Oakland.
SPECIAL. NEW HOMES. SPECIAL.
$2000 — Neat lV4-story cottage; nearly new;
every medern idea for comfort; fine neigh-
borhood and surroundings; handy to
broadgauge local; street work complete;
only $250 cash, balance $25 per month.
112-8
$2330. UNDER CONSTRUCTION. $2350.
Colonial cottage of 6 large rooms, re-
ception hall, etc.; open plumbing; gas and
electrical fixtures; mantels and tinting to
buyer's taste; located near Lake Merritt,
with fine view; half block to car line;
plans at the offlce; terms, small pay-
ment down, balance easy.
E. 18
$2750. NEARLY COMPLETED. $2750.
Bungalow cottage; cute; sunny and j
thoroughly up-to-date; 5 rooms; gas and
electric lighting; novel arrangement of
dining-room; eee It; close to Telegraph
ave.; lot 37:6x115; street work complete;
$300 cash, balance on rent basis.
$2700. $2700! $2700.
An 8-room Gothic house: within 10 min-
utes' walk to City Hall and local trains;
near Layafette School; would rent for $27
per month: an exceptional opportunity for
home or Investment.
j 8- W
WE HAVE AN EXCEPTIONALLY LARGE
LIST OF FINE PROPERTIES AT LOW
PRICES.
SEE OUR LIST OF BANK PROPERTIES
ON EASY PAYMENTS.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT.
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
$2350— SEVEN rooms, bath, high basement;
eunny side; close to Market-st. station.
$1750 — Two cottages down town; rents for
$264 per annum (15 per cent).
Whether buying, selling or renting, see
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
' : _____
$3500 — BEE this; house of 8 rooms and bath,
all in good condition; central, desirable and
sunny; large lot, 50x125 feet, note the size,
with barn: gravel driveway and open lawn;
walking distance of town; forced sale; oc-
cupied by the owner.
Quick results If you are selling. Big bar-
gains If buying.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
BEFORE moving get my printed list of
houses to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep:
fin*, large barn; gravel driveway; nice
neighborhood; street work all done; above
San Pablo ave.; terms if you like.
No matter what kind of a place you want
to buy. be sure to call and Eee J. S MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
Fire Insurance and Financial Agents.
Telephone Cedar 351. /
1236 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. C
$1100 — Cottage of 4 rooms and high basement-
lot 23x133 ft: Louise St.. one-half block
from new ferry station; $450 cash, balance
easy terms. No. 1090.
$1250 — Cottage of 5 rooms; modern; lot 40x140
ft; near Piedmont ave. and cross-town ferry
system; very cheap; easy terms. No 1105.
$2100 — Upper and lower flat. 5 rooms each: hot
and cold water; lot 50x135 ft; half block
Telegraph ave.. near Idora Park; reduced
from $3000 and must be sold. No 78
$3000— Cottage of 5 rooms; modern, with high
basement; also large 2-story; Weal Eight-
eenth st.; very cheap and close In. No. 1059
$2800 — New: 2-story. 6 rooms, bath and laun-
dry: attractive home; 31st et, near Grove;
small cash payment, balance easy monthly
payments. No. F.
$3250— New, strictly modern; 7 room 2-story
colonial. Peralta Heights; fine view of Lake
Merritt: lot 40x140 ft; facing south; part
cash and easy terms. No. D.
$3500 — Handsome, large hous*. S rooms; latest
plumbing, fancy mantels, tile ai:d plate
glasa, gas grate, .combination electric and
gas fixtures, large Barn, hothouse, fine shrub-
bery and lawn; lot 60x150 ft.; price reduced
from $5000. NO. 1089.
$4000 — Very handsome 6-room cottage; corner
on Alice St., two blocks from both locals -
must be seen to be appreciated. This price
for a short time only. jq Oi 97,
. - — —
-
THE ALDEN CO.
$1POO— Cozy cottage; walking distance to I4th
and Broadway.
$1450— An 8-room house with driveway; Myr-
tle St.; a snap.
$4750 — Elegant residence; opposite Park; east
of Broadway.
$10,500— Business property and flats; rented
$112 50; corner location.
$8500— Business corner: stora and flats above-
rents $108 per month: this is a great bargain
and will increase In value.
THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Brcadway. Oakland.
WM. P. TODD...... 1070 Broadway
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$6250— A beautiful Webster-st. home, near
¦..¦¦.town, consisting of 8 rooms; new and
modern; electric and gas; nickel-plated
plumbing; handsome mantels; fine large
reception ' hall; den and parlor; finished
in curly redwood, and dining-room finish-
ed in oak with elegant sideboard built
in: the best of gas fixtures and hardware-
. worthy of closest inspection.
WM. P. TODD ..... ... 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
$8500— FOR SALE— Flats; new. and modern-
7 rooms each; lot 60x150; 2 blocks from
the business center; will pay 9^ per cent
on the investment.
C. K. MARSHALL. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON _ CO..'
Real Estate Agents and Dealers, ," '
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st
COTTAGES.
/ COTTAGES.
COTTAGES.
IN ALL PARTS OF THE CITY.
IN ALL PARTS OF THE CITY.
ON EASY TERMS.
ON EASY TERMS.
$1300— Neat little 8-room cottags and bath;
only one block to cars and school; very
easy terms.
$1500 — On Thirteenth ave.. Bast Oakland; 5-
room cottage and bath; all in good condi-
tion; lot 30x100.
$1600— Nice cottage of S rooms and bath; flna
high basement; nice neighborhood; close
to cars; Myrtle at
$1900 — Cozy 5-room cottage on east Bide of
street, close to cars and school; all mod-
em; high basement and lots of fruit,
flowers and berries.
$2300— In Piedmont neat little cottage of 3
rooms; large lot with creek 64x216; suita-
ble for chicken raising; windmill and
tank; cars pass the door.
$2500 — Desirable 5-room modern cottage; large
northeast corner 65x110; fruit, flowers, and
/ berries, chicken houses; only one block
¦ to cars and school.
$2600— On Eighth st. West Oakland: very nice
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; close
to station; Eighth st cars pass the door;
handy to school.
$2750— One of the prettiest little cottage homes
In town: splendid growing locality: con-
tains 5 rooms and bath; has gaa and elec-
tricity and all modern Improvements.
Those pretty East Oakland homes.
Those pretty East Oakland homes.
On the Tubbs block.
On the Tubbs »J>lock.
Are open every afternoon.
Are oi>en every afternoon.
From 1:30 to 3 o'clock.
From 1:30 to 5 o'clock.
Sundays by appointment
Sundays by appointment.
Call and see these pretty homes, the best
in East Oakland. They contain 7 and 8
rooms each and are thoroughly modern and
up-to-date. They have every convenience
and are Just the thing you are looking for.
$4250 to $5250.
$4250 to $5250.
EASY TERMS.
EASY TERMS.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St.,
Oakland. t
ALEX. MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg., San Fran-
clsco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
jOAJvLAXD^JFURNITUIlE FOR. SAL_T
TO-MORROW the day for bargaluTnin~rurnN
turc. H. Sjhellhaa». 11th st..cor.stor«.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY HOUSES TO LET.
TO rent — For a term, very reasonable, "Cy-
press Lodge"; charming cottage, furnished,
6 rooms, bath, concrete cellar, rose garden,
electric lights; sheltered side of valley; ideal
winter climate; splendid electric train ser-
vice; 6 minutes from station. C. TOOHEY.
Mill Valley, or box 4357, Call office.
MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN,
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST., room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 8th.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe 'and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, . Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office, 1018 Market st
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; inst relief ;
treatment IIP; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private; secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. V16 Eighth st, Aiameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2395 Folsom St.. corner
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive offlce.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposit*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
HONEY TO LOAJV.
AAA — HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
6ee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their note
without security or knowledge of employer:
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co., r. 68-69 Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st
HIGHLY resDectsble private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8 *«
Market st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 -Third.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Orant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOTJB-EY CO -.143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; 00 removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St., floor ,
¦ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorner. MORRELL. WW ETcaminer bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new* roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 71S Market fct
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
' pulleys, shafting, etc,, etc, bought sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale st
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fcrra shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
Open- evg's until 10 o'clock except Sundays.
FOR BALE^ — An elegant lunch counter, com-
plete, with a fine sideboard; almost' new;
original cost $1000; will sell for $300. Apply
at Fischer" a Theater, - ;
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny st.
sear Busb; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to aoon.
MISCELLANEOUS FOH SALE Com.
A— $3 CO DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, heller?, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITE— AW. 253-253 Spear st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
the right man. Addresa N. A. LARSE.N.
1715 Pacific ave., Alameda.
FOR SALE^ — A combination billiard and pool
table; new; cheap. Inquire at Baldwin An-
ntx. 92.8 Market st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN
TOSH _ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
LADY'S diamond ring; sacrifice: $43 only;
dally 2 to 6 p. m. 30S Third fct. room 5.
SAFES — New and seccnd-h_ad. THE HEH-
MA.NN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain;. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
MILES of pipe and fittings; all siies. Ef-
GKNE RILEY A EONS. 100 Vallejo st.
LARGEST runts, best hen pigeons. Address
2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
SAFE— Price ?50. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors, 805 Kearny st.
$8; DOMESTIC sewing machine: attachments
in good order. 1571 Market st.. near 12th.
MOVINO picture film and song slides. lutt
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New end second-hand- E. B. BECK
6 CO., ire Market st.
All bargains :camp strola and chairs :hammocks.
metal beda.mattre^;es.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont et
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. AI.KXAN'DKT; „ CO.. 110 Monfgy.
BlISCELLAAEOUS WA>T3.
WANTED — To rent suitable place to raise
poultry, with tome pasture anl small or-
chard. Address B. KOHL. Vacavllle.
WANTED— First-class barber shop; about 8
chairs; eentral. J. OWEN. 62S Kip St., Los
Angeles.
WANTED— A large first-class refrigerator.
glaso doors. 40!» Seventh St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Second-hand wood working ma-
chinery. Address box 4345, Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON warts good second-hand dctMng and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIO price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Ftocktcn st. : t>hon* Bush 4S4.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE NOT THE__ BARGAINS T
Sherman _ Hyde upright |U7
Filsher «5
Blnger 16.5
2 Steinways $103 30<>
2 Chlcke rings 85 15!)
2 Heines 337 3M
Rents. 12 up. apply on purchase; Install-
ments. $4 ur>.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-_n Geary st.. larg-
est exclusive piano house cf the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers will be told at actual cost
to save return of freight. 237 Geary st
STEINWAY upricht. left by private party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
WE rent the best piano in the city far $3 per
month; a few fine ones for $3 50; « months
rental allowed on purchase price. Something
new — the Scott Curtaz "Bijou." a little
beauty with a big tone. Will go through the
smallest doorway. For rent or for sale. The>
"McPhall" piano; a magnificent instrument.
The "Schiller" piano; best quality for the
money on the coast. Some big bargains In
eccond-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ Piana '
Co.. 5G0-G2-64 Hayes st ; tel.. Fell 5761.
YOU Jc not take an~ chances when buying
from js. Our methi<l« ais well known to t>* i
open and above board "Big bargains, not ;
big ads." Is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or no sale. Call and see large
assortkient of new and used instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 790 Mar-
ket »t. •¦.
A FEW good bargain*, from $C0 up. including
such makes as Mason & Hamltn. Vgje,
Sterling. Marshall _ Wendell. Fischer. Klrk-
mann. Carlitt. Weser. Pease, Kohler & Chase
and many others; easy payments. b«nj. Cur-
taz & Son, 16 O'Farrell; no branches In S. F.
THE greatest opportunity e-»er offered in Saa
. Fran-Isco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any In-
strument fur cash or installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLEH
_ CHASE. Established 185q 30 O'Farrel!.
BAND Instruments; F. Beeson, Paris, maker.
Gus Matwald.Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell; ,
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
WANTED — 3 good square pianos. 1 concert
grand piano, 2 organs for halls. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post St.
A STECK & Gabler upright, nearly new,
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
A NEW piano at a sacrifice; party going ¦
away. 6C0 Diamond st.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright plane;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET st. building; block from Montgom-
ery; 3 stories and . basement. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
St.; rent $30. Apply (536 Clay st. room 1.
HALF of store downtown; suitable dressmaker
or milliner; cheap rent. Box 4372. Call offlce.
STORE to let; lease for sale; central location.
Box 43eS. Call office.
PIANOS AVD ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for September. lyOCJ:
Original
Price. Now.
2 BARNES _ SON—
Walnut cases, large sire, colonial .
etyle, three - pedala. 7 1-3 octaves.
equal to new $350 $2711
1 EMERSON—
Walnut case. cabinet grand,
carved panels, 7 1-3 octaves, threa
pedals in fine condition, slightly
used .'. 450 275
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand.
very latest desgin and finish, nearly
new 430 300
1 SOHMER—
Mahogany case, medium size, full
swinging desk, 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new 800 323
1 WEBER—
Rosewood case, fancy carved.
largest sue. 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition 650 323
1 BRADBURY—
Rosewood case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 50O 330
1 BRADBURY —
Red oak case, cabinet grand,
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new 500 323
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
10214 Market st.. bet Oth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st . .
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by us* of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. ¦ 746-S Clay st.
. 'PAL-ISTBY. *
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 315
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
¦¦j. TO LEASE.
FOR rent — Term to suit. Mountain stock
ranch, 1040 acres: abundantly watered;
shaded, new house, barn and fences; orchard
garden land;. $000 annually; cattle, horses,
hogs, poultry for sale. H. C. SEMPLE.
Cloverdale. Sonoma Co.. Cal. -
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREaT_!ABGAINS Hi " TWEWRrrERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53S California; telephone Main 2C«J.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. __^
2D-H AND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wetster Typewriter Is- pec. Co.. SOS Market
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FKflTVALE REAL ESTATE.
J. V. MATTESON, Fruitvale ave.. near East
14th et.. Fruitxale, Cal.
Phone Brook 205.
BARGAINS IN PROPERTY OF ALL KINDS.
$3100— 7-room cottsge; lot 60x200; beautiful
yard, lawn, flowers, shrubs, palms; sum-
mer house; city and well water; gas; fruit
trees and btny vines; block from street
cars, 4 blocks from station; place a model
for neatness and worth a great deal more
money.
?2400 — 0-room cottage'; lot 34x125; 1 block from
station; new; gas, electricity, city water,
*ewer, porcelain bath, tiled sink, combina-
tion light fixtures, high basement, chicken
house and yards; a fine buy; the right
party can have this place, on very easy
terms; monthly Installments $21 05.
$2000 — 6-room house; lot 38x105; near school,
electric cars and trains: parlor, dining-
room, kitchen and large pantry on main
floor; 3 bedrooms and bath upstairs; elec-
tric lights, city water, sewer, etc.'; this is
a snap and terms will be made to suit
good party.
_____ ¦•
$2000 — 4-room cottage, nearlng completion;
changes to suit customer; 35 ft. lot; gas,
city water, sewer; parlor, large hall, two
bedrooms, bath, clothes closets, large,
pantry, laundry: this place Is handy to
cars and trains and In a perfect little
home for a small 'family.
$3300— 6-room cottage; lot 41x150; beautiful
yard, flowers, ornamental shrubs, lawn;
concrete walks, high basement, barn, pig-
eon fly. rabbitry; >4 Mock from electric
cars; in fine location.
LOTS FROM $!M> UP.
A couple of bargains in corner grocery stores.
J. V. MATTESON. Fruitvale ave., near East
14th St.. Fruitvale, Cal.
H. BARKMEYER," 1206 Fruitval* ave.,
Fruitvale, Cal.
$S00 — Cory cottage of 2 large rooms; hard-
flnished: lot 100x150: 2 blocks from car
line; terms if deelred.
$1000— Neat cottage of 4 rooms, closets and
pai Jtry: extra good well and pump; barn;
lot 50x125; all fenced: near school and
car line. (Fltchburg.)
$1200 — Cottage of 4 rooms, closets and pantry;
barn, good well; lot 100x230; all fenced;
largr* two-story barn; only one block from
car line.
$1700— -A bargain: boy- window cottage of 6
rooms; hard-finished; fine two-story barn;
good well, windmill and tank, 'chicken
house; lot 110x135; on macadamized street;
3 blocks from car line; terms if desired.
$1000— Splendid cottage of 8 rooms and bath,
large reception hall; all modern: high
basement, concrete foundation: large lot:
one block from Fruitvale station; small
payment down, balance Just like rent.
For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER, half block from Fruitvale
station, Cal.: tel. Brook 63S.
CHARLES fTlEjE Phone Vale" 296.
One-half block from station.
$1000 — Nice four-room cottage; fine ¦well, lots
of flowers and berries; close to church, school
and cars; lot 64x100.
$1200 — Queen Anne 6-room cottage; fine well,
stable, chicken yards and house; also city
water: flowers and fruit trees; lot 100x100.
J135O— Stylish 5-room high basement brick
foundation cottage; 20 fruit trees; chicken
yard and house; fine arbor; nice fence all
around: beautiful shade trees; close to town
hall, school, church, postofflce; a bargain; eaay
terms.
$1700 — 5-rcom and bath Queen Anne cottage;
close- to station.
$1RCO — 5-room and bath cottage; stable; rear
ttation. school and cars.
$2200— C-room and bath Marie style cot-
tage; new, and only $200 cash required.
$:«X>0 — 9 rooms and bath; windmill; lot 60
x230; on tHe hills; frontage two streets.
$4000 — 8 rooms and bath: stable; abundance
of shrubbery, fruit trees and flowers; cars psss
the door: lot 80x203; on a corner.
$75 lots, $5 cash, $5 monthly; Rosa Lee
Tract: no winds or fogs here.
CHARLES F. LEE, Vi block Fruitvale sta-
tion; carriage free.
$1150—
A COZY 4-room cottage: close to station
and half block from stores and street
cars; lot 25x125.
$1575—
A new modern 5-room cottage; close to
station; lot 37:6x100.
$2300—
New modern cottages of 5 rooms, high
basement" close to school, church and
station: lot 40x140; easy terms; street
work all completed.
$2500—
New 2-story modern house of 6 rooms; In
good locality; close to station; lot 85x110.
$1650—
Fine cottage, 5 rooms; windmill and tank.
stable, and 3 blocks to electric cars; lot
135x120.
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
J. E. WHITE. Manager.
1151 Twenty-third ave. Station,
East Oakland, Cal.
IMPROVED and unimproved lots, 50x150; very
desirable neighborhood; public school near
by; inquire on premises. East Eighteenth
Et. and Fruitvale ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3B0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$8000 — VERY nice house. 0 rooms and bath;
6 bedrooms; Webster St., near Nineteenth;
lot 50x150; nearly new.
$4500— Nicely located NW. corner; new 2-
ttory house. 7 rooms and bath; 2 toilets;
double flooring; cove ceilings; patent re-
volving windows; 85x126; close in.
$3700 — New 2-story house. 7 rooms and bath;
reception hall, redwood finish; gas and
electric lighting; lot 40x115; well located.
$3550 — House, 6 rooms and bath; colored glass
windows; very pretty fixtures globes; oak !
mantel-piece : steps in this house do not \
creak; lot 35x115; terms.
$3550— House, 8 rooms and bath; reception
hall; sunny side of street; 33x115; build-
ing alone cost $2984.
J3OO0 Cottage. 7 rooms and bath; basement,
barn and shed; $500 recently spent In
renovations; lot extra large, 61:1x125;
only part cash down necessary.
$2950 — Twenty-third St.. near Telegraph ave.;
swell cottage. 5 rooms and bath, base-
ment nice attic; modern plumbing, etc;
eee the picture.
$2500— Grove-st. corner; neat bungalow, 6
rooms and bath; 30- foot lot; your own
terms. -
$2200 — Cottage, C rooms and ba^h; basement;
driveway: lot 40x128:6; lawn; palm trees,
etc.; a good buy.
$1G5O— 5 rooms and bath; lot 27:8x127; near
Telegraph ave.
$1100— ACTUALLY WORTH $1250 TO-DAY.
Lot 50x125; near Fortieth and Grove sts. ;
street work. etc.. all done.
$500— Lot 30x100; in Linda Vista; fine homes
in vicinity; near cars.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 BROADWAY.
ALSO AGENTS FOR THE REALTY SYN-
DICATE PROPERTIES AND 6 PER CENT
INTEREST BEARING CERTIFICATES.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
$5 cash. $2 50 monthly; fine level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 cash. (5 monthly; level lots In new set-
tlement; soil and location the best; 50x145;
price $150.
$25 cash. $7 50 monthly; extra fine lots, lOOx
122:6; 75 homes just gone up; has a great fu-
ture; see them; price $300; will build you a
heme.
$100 cash. $10 monthly: 100x200; level and
fine lots, adjoining East Oakland; streets grad.
ed; about 100 houses built In less than two
years; city water, etc.; price $5S5. Call or send
for circular, 455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway
station, Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
owner.
OAKLAND HOME COMPANY.
Pays off your mortgage for what you are
i paying interest. . ,
Buys you a home on easiest and best plan
known.
072 Broadway, cor. Tenth st., Oakland, Cal.
L. M. McKINNEY. Manager.
. . ________
$22 50 PER. month — New. modern, up to date
upper flat of 6 rooms and porcelain bath;
on Grove St.. opposite beautiful park,
and only 2 blocks from either the Mar-
ket-st. and Broadway local train sta-
tions: no small children. :
GEO. H. VOSE. Real Estate,
U18 Broadway. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSKKEEPrXO.^
ANTLERS. 415 Turk •„— Strictly modern; 4-8
room apartments; fur. or uofur. far hskpf.
BUCHANAN. 610— 2 or ,3 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
CHURCH. 2G9— 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water; baths and every con-
venience; Market and Fillmore st. cars.
KDDY. 730— Sunny housekeeping and «ingl«
rooms.
FOLSOM. 754. near Third — Furnished hous»-
kpg. rooms; gan stove, pantry, closet: $!>.
FOURTH. 223 — A nice room for housekeeping;
also single rooms.
GEARY, <08— Three> nicely furnished sunny
rooms for housekeeplns. \ -
GOLDEN OATS »»., 1404— Rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
houtekeeping: gas ranges; Just rewiy fur-
, nJshed. 1K0 Polk st.
HOFF ave., 73. Mission warm belt— Larga
sunny well-furnl»hed room: use of <lir.lr.g-
room and kitchen: satisfactory terms.
Howard. l')C3 — 2 sunny connecting- completely
I furn. hskjs;. rm^. ; range; water; elec light*.
HYDE. 31»— Three elegantly furnished room*
for housekeeping; no children; reference.
KEARNY. lO4--^unny front suite. $11; ua-
furnished: no children.
LARKIN. 435— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LAPKIR. 27. nproslt* Mission, between Eighth
an<1 Ninth — '-I sunny, fnrnlslied housekeeping
rooms: rent cheap.
MINNA. 281. corn«r Fourth — Furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; also front and single.
NINTH. 155—2 or li large furnUhe<l houa*-
kpg. rms.; gas range; bath; private family.
PKARU 3. cor. Market— 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; peparate; ga»; $17; no
children.
8TATE. I3»— a rooms, kitchen, bath; light.
sunny, unfurnished. 3117 Church st.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nished sunny suite, with separata sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complets tor house-
keeping: $15 up.
STOCKTON. 12C6. Model House^ — Front rooms,
newly furnished, $5; phone, gas. bath, sunny.
I TEHAMA. 3, near First— 4 pleasant house-
keeping rmj.; business location; rent cheap.
THE OlUesple. 119 Ninth »t.— Nicely furnish**
rooms. $1 SO ti $3 per we«k; piutn*; qutat.
WEBSTER. M*— Elegantly furn. rooms for 3
gents., cr hskrK. rooms for mtn and wife.
2 CLEAN unfurnished rooms, large, closets; iua
In one; water; bath; $10. Box 4362. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C04
Valencia «t.
APAkTMEVT > FO i HOUSEKEEPING
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the- north side of Pine St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a sup«r!>
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts ffl housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable. .
ROOMS TO LET—Fnra. nnd Vntnrn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 5O to $2 50 PER
DAY; SINOLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
•WATER PAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
gQLTH 1041.
A ASH WORTH
320 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
ROOM- SINGLE AND EN SUITE
..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
St'N IN ROOMS ALL DAY
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1, $1 SO night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open *1I night.
BUSH. &X> — A comfortably furnished room for
gentleman in family of two: electric lights,
running water, etc. ; call before 12 or after 3
Sunday: references^
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1384>— Fur-
nlsfced rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1563 — Newly and elegantly fur-
nished suites and aingls and housekeeping
rooms; phone, bath.
CLAYTON, 530— Sunny suits of rooms with or
without usa of kitchen.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
j furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELLIS, llfiO — Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping rooms in modern flat.
GEARY. 807— Elegantly furnished suits of
rooms with piano.
GEARY. 1333— For adults: 1 rooms. 2 beds;
bath, toilet; gas and coal stoves.
GOLDEN GATE. 414 — Newly furnished sunny
suite; also single rooms; $- to $3 we«k.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 wee-k; reading-room.
HARRISON. 7«4 1 4. near Fourth — Finely furn.
sunny rooms; bath; all conv.; $1 week up.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE '.
66 Geary st.: phone Bush 580.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished sulte3. with baths asd slngUa.
HOWARD 1687 — Alcove, with large- settln*
room; 2 beds; rent very reasonable.
HYDE. 819 — 3 sunny front rooms; private, fam-
ily; reasonable^
JESSIE. R12. second door from Ninth — Neat
furnished ro<un ; cheap rent.
MCALLISTER. 1931. near G. G. Park— Furn.
rm».', sunny: bath: board optional; masnlfct.
MINNA, 32? — Nice- newly furnished rooms, sin-
gle or suites.
NEWLY furnished sunny front bay-window '
room in private family. $9: north of; Mar-
ket st.; references. Box 686. Call offlce.
NINTH. 113— Single- sunny furnished room; rent
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished roema and!
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. we«k. mo.
PERRY~"22H near Third— Sunny front stnsl*
room: private family; no sign.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms oer night. 35o to $1 50; week. $2
to $8- month. $8 to $30; elav.ator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold watar; bat_s.
SILVER, 142. bet. Third and Fourth— $5 and $8
a month; 2 rooms; furniture new; gentlemen
preferred.
ST JAMES. McAllister and Lagana — Front
sunny rooms; all new; v«ry cheap; telephone
rage 3751^ _____
SUNNY front alcove room for s«nt!eman;
neighborhood Webster and Sacramento str:
$15. Box 1790. Call. _____
THE FALMOUTH. 1040a Market St.: furnl*h»d
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 73 to $8 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room : free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 room*;
33c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week: •1—rator ;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggaga.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertt»ement» and
subscriptions, has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
ROO3I9 AXD BOARD.
ELEGANT large sunny aleov* room; also an-
other: gas. bath, running water; first-class
board: private family; no children; phone.
1224 Golden^Oat» ave. '
ACCOMMODATION for two, $20 each; r»arlor,
piano, phone, sewins machine. M. B.. Call
branch offlce. 22CO FiHmore- st.
MOST delightfully situated corner rooms, with
board: new. sunny, including piano. 1363
Octavla St.. cor. Sutter.
STEVENSON* Mansion, 807 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best tabl* aad
nt rvtcs; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boardtn_-_oaa«.
home. like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms: choice locality: ref.
HAYKS, 671— Nice frcnt room with board for
gcntlera-n: private family: msonahle.
PIERCE. 47 — Sunny front room, suitable for
one or two: board optional: phone Page 333.
DIVIDEND KOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Mercantile Trust Corapan-
cf San « Francisco— Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the ¦of-
fice of the corporation. 236 Bush St.. Saa
Francisco. October 1. 1003: transfer books
will close September 23. 1903.
. -. JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
For Additional Classified AdTertUt-
merits See Page Forty-Two.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
»»•¦»_» ;\_k:.;-:v ui:.m, kstatk.
better look these up at once.
We have »old one of those bargains in small
lots nicely located, near the university, of-
fered at unueually uraall prices, advertised In
last Sunday's issue and have two or threa
protrective buyers for another
Think of it! The idea! Nice lots on paved
streets near the U. C. for $500. $750. $S00, and
north of Owieht. near Telegraph, for $1150'.!
better ect a move, on if yUi want one
of these.
$iyoo— Nice. mod«rn. 4-room cottage, nearly
r ' e^-. r i , n condition: close In.
•>-<;>y— Modern 5-room cottage; "In apple-pie
order ; cemented basement, could be two nice
room* made; lot 50x135; south front; finished
street; central.
$2S.*H) — 7 rooms; new; quite attractive; owner
an « X -/°r aS tO *'" * nd price CJt -
WXjO-rT rooms; new; modern; nice situation;
nea . r ,««r~rnan; good buy.
* uo y— * rooms; nearly new; colonial; mod-
ern: sishtly situation; good lot; convenient to
•-• *¦-.: Price cut; snap.
?i(XX) — o rooms; colonial: nearly rew; close
in: bargain.
W—O0--Oiie of the most attractive- 8-room
noutes we have hod; choice, location; party
anxicus to eell.
$52<X>— 10 rooms; in good condition; plenty
or barns nnd other outbuildings: lot 95x130;
trees, fruits and flowers in profusion; con-
venient to U. C.
S5o00 — A handsome 10-room house; "sp!o
and sran"; large corner lot; central location.
ICOOO — A larse, shapely, modern, attractive
O-mom house; in nice condition; large lot;
choice location; partlss leaving Berkeley.
21 H0 Center St.. Berkeley.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Hesl Estate and Insurance Agent:
Choice Property a Specialty.
SE. ctr. Shattuek ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. California.
52100 — Hr.use cf 6 rwmj an<J bath on sunny
flue of strr-<»t. ner.r station.
$356G — Nfw house of 7 rooms (4 bedrooms), all
modern imprcverr.cnts; street work
done.
?300O— House of R rooms near the hills; lot 100
xJT!.",: full of fruit trees; a cozy little
home.
$2500— Koufe of 5 rooms; lot 50x135; street
work all done.
' $2650 — Houre of C room* and bath; lot 50x135;
sunny side of ptreet.
$7000 — Ycu should see that elegantly built house
( of 8 rooms and bath, double floors, fur-
naoe. etc; fln« corner lot in the very best
; part of Berkeley.
1 JOSEPH J. MASON, real estate and insurance
! agent. Berkeley, California.
I $S00 — STORE and 2 rooms: large lot: nice lo-
cation: $200 ca?h. balance $10 per month.
$800 — Small house; 2 rooms; 1 plastered; largo
barn; lot .50x125; all fenced; handy to
cars: easy terms.
$1200— .Vroom house; hard finished; bath; toi-
let: street work done; cement walk; nice
location: easy terms.
$1750 — 5-room cottage; almost new; large lot;
sanitary plumbing: furnished throughout;
great snap: handy to cars; easy terms.
$1500 — 4-room house; high basement; lot 50x
135; handy to cars; easy terms.
$t75 — Lot 4CxlCO; handy to cars: great snap.
$3000 — Fine piece of business property Just be-
I ing- completed: will rent for $34 per mo.
j $3000 — 7-room residence; large lot; street com-
I plete; thoroughly modern: all conveni-
ences: only $200 cash required.
$1600— New. modern, 6-room house; lot 40x
100; only $175 cash required; balance $16
per month.
$750— Fine lot. 75x120; street work done; 2
block? to cars.
W. C. MOHAN. Lorin Station, or C. C.
EMSLIE, Ashby Station.
THIS 155 A BEAUTY.
7-room house, bath. 2 toilets, stationary
tubs, electric lights, decorated ceilings; street
work done; convenient to ferry lints; price
$3500; terms made to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. ______
A VERITABLE 6NAI\
A new 5-room cottage, bath, toilet, station-
ary tuts: street work done; price $2000;
i terms. $100 cash, balance eame as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
$1250 — BIG snap; cottage. 5 rooms; basement,
mill end fine tankhouse; lan?e lot; close
to cars.
$1500 — Good house, 8 rooms and both: close to
station; easy terms; great chance.
$1800 — Cottage 5 rooms, bath, laree hall; nice
garden; fruit and berries.
$3000^ — Splendid opportunity: new, up-to-date
home- 9 rooms and bath; large lot; cloee
to station; fine location; a little cash and
monthly payments takes it.
H. D. IRWIN.
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
CHENEY & BERRTS~SPECIALS.
$650— Bonta ave.; hillside lot, 50x135: marine
view; cnap.
Factory site on water front and railroad;
T\ei=t Berkeley; $10 per front foot.
$2650 6-room house, lot 60x135; tankhouse;
bam. '.
$3350 — 6-room house, new; near car line;
street work done; easy terms.
10 lots near Grove st.; $400 to $500; install-
600 feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
yOUNOS & BARRY.
No 55— To let — Will build to **uit tenant :
rive "lease- 14 or 16 room house: centrally
located tor' boarding: and lodging; full particu-
lars clven.
No P2 — Being built now; 5-room cottage,
near Grove et. : modern: easy terms; $2500.
Ko 50 — 6 acres; centrally located; improve-
ments $20C0; price $G5O0.
YOUNGS & BARRY,
J140A Center St., Berkeley.
Phone Dana 205. .
VO 5S $1030 — Northeast corner; lot 50x189;
suitable for 2 buildings; close t-5 street and
steam cars.
NO. 100— $7250— Business property; the lot
is worth moro than askinr price.
No. 62— $950— Lot 45x120; North Berkeley;
S. S. O.UACKENBUSH,
Real Estate,
Insurance,
2171 bhattuck ave.,
Berkeley. Cal.
A FEW BARGAIXslN LOTS.
40x120; Lorin Heights; $150
Lots near Santa Fe Ferry, $J'5-
S7:fal25; en paved street; 5350.
40x122- on improved street; every house in
block cost over $2000; for $600.
Borne fine homes, in all parts °f Berkeley, on
all kinds of terms, from $1500 to $20,000; send
for illustrated pamphlet of Berkeley
Population l?90, 5101; In 1903, lO-WO; 2
residence* erected In 1002 at cost of $1,320,000.
STAATS & JUSTERJE2137 Shattuck ave^
! HERE lf~IS—
A new 4-room cottage; bath toilet, stationary
tubs: large lot; close to station and ferry
lints; price $1600; terms made to cult.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Trt _ TVT
OPEN SUNDAYS. LORIN.
THREE new 7-room houses; modern: south
frontage; two blocks from N. B. station:
nice homes or jrood investment; price re-
duced: 12 per cent on price asked. Bee own-
er. 1025 Vino st.
• 11 ACREsC adjoining university, whole or divi-
sions. DR. MOUEER. owner. 707 Bush. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
1G pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FMTVALEAIIYERTISEMENTS
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
ELROD & HULL.
$1000 — 3-room cottage, bath, barn; lot 60x135:
close to school and local train; some
fruit trees.
$1700 — 5-rocm cottage, bath: large lot; near
station and school; 1% blocks to street
car*.
$1000 — One bie acre of land; 4-room cottage;.
new; just the place for poultry or an
ideal home.
$1000— Let 9Cxl7C: cheap: store building; on
corner: a good locticn.
$XC50— 4-rcom cottage; nice lawn; lot 50x176;
easy terms: must sell.
$S300— 300-250; fine residence; fruits and flow-
ers in profusion; a gentleman's home, in
fact.
! $CI»CO — A fine 9-room mansion: elegant barn;
1 lmi>Q£ing grounds; Just completed.
ELROD _ HULL, Fruitvale ave. Send for;
rr.ap and r>rlce list.
$450 buys a cozy house of I room?, lot -10x13:!:
2 blocks from cars; $125 cash and balance
of $350 at $S per month (deal directly with
owner); title perfect.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO..
Fruitvale station. !
Ui:*I. KSTATE Country — For Snle. {
SOu.oeo — POH ea!e. in:r>rc:ve.l *tcc_ ranch. I
:•¦«< .-.-res; ]<x>o acres alfalfa Iar.4.
Hy,'.AX>— Soy acre*, stock mnch, Sacramento
«' >unt; ; frr.rtJ tnil crtf-sf c-.iced ; COO acres plow
_.__
Silut'O — Improved dairy ranch of 40 acres, ever
;:.ilf eirfclfa. land, adjoining the town of Gait,
: aerazv.ent? O'-unty; creamery li mile; will [
; -11 cov.a iin<i hogs with ranch* If desired. 1
CS300*>jfar sai» cr rent, improved dairy ranch
r>l 14'.» _rres, San Jcaquin County; J ,J alfslfa
l:;n<:: ooear.s cf feed: $2(V»0 down; time to suit
C— l>r.!aT5fe. ,
fSOG — A Knar", a Pre llrtle home nf 12 :.cres 1
— «II ii-j.roved, » acres botlam land. San Jca- :
QWln County. I
£4(*f> — 'j down, 10 acres choice fruit or vine-
yard Ir.iid, Sacramento County; close to school.
$T*> — S acres choice land for chioken ranch.
Kcr rent ta fharee, grain ranches from S20
to nrref.
V-'OCDWArtD _ CO.. 11 Montgomery St.
I
ALVa'.FA '.and <-f good quality brings splendid !
returns on a moflert lr.v»*t;r.er.t.
Work It y.iv.rse'f cr have It worked for •
y>-. It means a home in your old age r>r |
ar. :-.««v.— *i! Inc< ar.e.
*2 9er arr- cash. r.O rer.tr per acre per ;
month. hi:yr at £20 y* r acn» in the sirden j
spet of California, the best alfalfa and crop
M<ttca In the Stcte. '
P. II. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery et. |
_____ .... >.* ; ¦; I
SA!V BATEO REAL ESTATE.
BUmntSAM HOMES
AT S*N MATEO PARK. ,
BAN MATEO.
J>ctit!f-j! hoTie lets', averasrlic about 1 acre j
•a eh. !n San Mateo Park, the finest suburban >
rrrMfiH m ;>rorrty rear San Franclsen; this !
property (bt fa— wos Clark Tract, held for ov*r ;
42 y»-arV fcy the fame owners, recently suMi- j
-••er<i irtn fettsTc. bungs iow and villa home
rittf ivjth wide ar.d winding avenues; bur-
(>r»t! with thcusar.ds o! co«tly rhade trees
cn.l coir.i rl£lnp :ho mest desirable ot all the ,
«!iriri'» ttQRU siren i'» heautlful Pan Mateo.
*-uburl an el^tric train* now running every I
TO r.'.:nu:e5 from S»n Fraioiso-j far *Ean Mateo '
Th<fc viila .01* n:M ba told on terms cf one- !
thtr<1 r?.y)-. balanre in cne and, two years. 1
• F«r PMpt. <*atslcruef sn <1 full rartlru^rs ;
•rrly Jo c: eodresB BALOWDS _ IIOWEL.!,. j
rt-al r«.!_t# Arerts, 25 Pest ft.. S. F. or I
r. r ;>.\X s ORCMBiOX. Son Mateo. " ",
S»» Vnt-.- rfij.-» or—n Fundgys. I
KK^jn^rrvo rorxTV real estate, i
MENDOOI.YO COTJXTT. ---— ;
«.rrat rai'road and cthe- develop— ;ents*Kolnr !
en there.
* Xow is th e time to invest. :
V.> have for s«Ue p.eer WlUItS 1073 acres of
choice improved farming, fruit erasing and i
t'mbyr Und. which «r« can sell as a whole
at the cheap rri'-e of $15 per acre; would '
a.to se!i in *ub«iv!sion*.
McAFETE BROTHERS,
1CS Mn-tre-mery st.. gan Francisco.
¦ /. ROSS -VAX-LET REAL~_isTATl3r
THE ilar.n place. Rom Valley, will be'ofTered
teg *ale the ne::t thirty days; price $20.00u.
Ae.jr.-st Lox 1C. Rcss.
¦ IHIIXTS KICHMOyp KKAI. ESTATE.
THE BEST PLACE TO BUY LOTS TO-DAY
„ _ IS AT POIN'T RICHMOND.
mchv. ex bros., iis montgomery st.
sole agents.
santa f_ tract.
lots all. lf.ve_. $5 per month '
Streets graded,
j bituminous sidewalks.
iVATER frcnt lots and bargain*; all tracts;
£'-ars. rho;c«. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bld».
ESTATE TO EXCU.CVGE.
FOR EXCHANGE. ™~
A RARE CHANCE.
• Modern 7-reom house, lot 45xl.Vt. en Ala-
rr.cda ave . between Morton and Willow sts.
fw a vacant lot In Western Addition In San
Franrlsco. or for sale en easy term*.
Apply to A. R. DENKE.
1400 Webster st.. Atameda.
--EW house. 6 roome. in Alameda, will ex-
change for vacant lots in Oakland or Berke-
ley: owners only. Address J. H. YOUNG.
1£4.> Park *t., Alameda.
aLameda advertisements.
alamf.ua real estate.
greatest list ok property ever
offered for sale.
startling trices. big bargains.
dcvesnoatr and purchase a home
propep.tier facrified and bound
to increase.
POSITIVE INSTRUCTIONS TO SELL.
7HE FOLLOWING MUST BE SOLD.
$^250 — 6-rocm house; lot 33x159; modern; a
bargain.
$_T5U— Beautiful 5-room cottage; lot 30x150;
Cne location; a barcain.
>_>00 — Fine 6-raom house; lot 35x150; sacri-
ficed; a bargain.
<"i.ST>0 — Foreclosure; 5 rooms and bath; lot 75x
125: one week; a bargain.
f.1(<K» — The erap of the season: 5-roesi cottare;
lot 50x150. with 3 finished rooms in baae-
ment; see this property.
}".:.<»» — Elegant 7-room colonial home; very
ch«-ap
»4r5<>— Ncthir.g- like it for value; superb loca-
tion: S rooms and bath; large lot.
*. r .5O0 — Wor-h f3O00; beautiful 10-roora houte;
lot 60x150; finest corner in Alameda; flret
ccme Kvts a bargain. ;
rON'T DELAY. PT-RCWASE ONE OF
THE MANY BARGAINS WE ARE OFFER-
ING. THE BIGGEST AND FINEST BAR-
GAINS EVEIi OFFERED IX THE BEAUTI-
FUL CITY OF A-AMEDA.
S7M buvs a fine water lot on Clinton ave
< large); homes and lots at all prices and
tfTTr - s -
Houses Built,
Rented and Exchans«d.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.
1500 Park St..
Alameda.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
• w-~ - MARKET STREET.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
SATURDAY. October 10. 1903.
At 2 o'clock p. m % cn the premises.
ALAMEDA.
ENTIRE BLOCK.
CONSISTING OP-
NINE MOST BEAUTIFUX, COTTAGES.
AND
Sever. Elegantly Pitusted Building Lots.
Perfect Gems a* to Style of Architecture.
MODERN IN EVERY RESPECT AND
SUBSTANTIALLY BUILT.
f Eat- lit extra size. 37:6x108 feet.
Fine tra_rr>lot and j>rofu*len cf flower*. j
The sale mill take rlare on the premises.
Block bounded by
Lafayette and Schiller Street*, Eagle and Cle-
ment aver.ue*.
'Take broad pause; g*t off at Grand station.
F<"'r further r*rtienlar* wnd for catalogue.
FAPTO.V. ELDRIDGE & CO.
A HOMESTEAD — 1 0-room house, with stable
end nuthouses: let 3<*> to 4.V) frontsge by a
<le;th of S00 feet; near station: fuitable for
Pa firKt-class bodnJInc-honirc; terms.
Also 7-rocm hou*e: lot f»OxC04; between
both railroads; near Grand «t. ; a bargain.
Also C-room cottsee. tank and frame sta-
ble; lot 50x150; near Grand-et. Station.
A. R- X3ENICE.
1400 Webster et..
Alameda.
' WE
HYPNOTIZE
AH our clients, both buyers and sellers, by
our abroSute'y fair and equitable manner in
which ~"e ccr.duct all business intrusted to
our care.
r»o yon vieh to buy. pell or rrnt? If you '
are in netd of the services of a thoroughly
reliable real estate dealer
Call up tV. X. CON'GER & CO..
l.VU Park st., Atameda.
Ple_R« mention San Francisco Call.
DHI.A.VOY-BASDLETT COitPANT.
. f.:n Leurcl-*t. tract Is the finest bay there
pro!*rty in this city.
The rmrualow i« nearly comrl"ted. Don't
fail *c tee Jt.
Tl'e -111 buIM any etyle you may desire.
DEI. IXOT-BAKDLETT COMPANY,
133U ?*rk Bt.. Alameda. '
BCTKEin ADVERTISEMENTS
P_RKEU^Y~liEAL EST ATE.
WHAT atxiiit ChWI 5-room house? City water, i
patent toilet: lot 44x125; fine place to ktep
<hjcfc.er.e; be»t bargain in Alameda County. 1
Two 7-room house*; everything complete;
mwrt be. sold at earf.
P.rand new ho-jKes. v tn 12 rooms each; r.ear
the university, fttjvet m the land; a. so scenic
lots ox * r 2uri_©CK tJcO^ Lorin Station.
LAV.-TOnTaTbEI^. Ve&T^tate. have for sale
Berkeley homes, residenM* and business lots
at lowest prices; choice investment property,
paying « to 10 P«r cent net. Refer to either
bank in Berkeley- 21^8 center st.TBE SAtf FFA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903,
42
I EMPLOYME»TJWA^TOD-^'EMALE :
A WOMAN wishes situation In private fam- a
ily; first-class cook; best city reference; no
cards. 358 Minna st. _- __
DRESSMAKER desires engagements by the
day; best of references; camples shown. 215
¦ San Jose ave.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation,
; small hotel or boarding-house. 658 Stockton.
TRAINED nurse will take care of sick person;
terms reasonable. 813 O'Farrell at. ¦
| A YOUNG lady would like position office work
I or in store. Address box 4003, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires wq§k by the
day. Box 1C54, Call office. I -
A RELIABLE colored woman wishes work by
the day washing or cleaning. Address C.
DOLBBCK. 15 % Tehama »t. _____
COMPETENT laundress wishes place 2 or 3
days a week; excellent references: *2 a day. _
Iti71 McAllister st. A
A REFINED American girl wants position a*
second girl In small family: references. Box .
1610. Call. A
1 WANT ads ' and subscriptions taken for Tho
Call at Eaton's Baiaar. 633 McAllister St. _
f ¦-= \
kSiim.oy^iknt 'va \tk n — m » j'_K_ w _
AN experienced gardener would take charge of
small ranch, orchard or vineyard; will plant ;
or Improve new place; knows his duties in
any branch; grain field, alfalfa, orchard,
vineyard, pruning, grafting, curing or driea
fruits; horses, cattle or hog ranch, etc.; milk
or butter making, floral garden or vegetables;
California experience and reference. Addres*
XV. J.. 167 Minna St.. S. F.
j AN honorablo young man speaking French T
i and English language; can operate typo-
j writer: desires position seneral office assint-
i ant In a financial institution or business
i house; willing to begin $30. Address box i
• 436C Call. ¦
| A YOUNG business man from Chicago wants a j
j position; would prefer position with real es-
I tate firm with view of future partnership;
I best references. Box 4323. Call.^ •
! A YOUNG man of good education, anxious to
gain business experience, will accept position -
at nominal wases in house where there is i
chance for advancement. Box 1700. Call.
i RELIABLE man of 50 (with family) wants
i work as Janitor, or to take care of prop- -
• erty; handy nt repairing, painting. Box 1663 <
Call. ¦ ;
PIPEFITTER, first class, wants steady posl-
i tlon in factory or mill; city or country. Ad-
! dress Pipefitter, box 1794. Call. "
' MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
i tools, wants light work; no milking; small
wages; good home. H. __• 240 Third at.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer and bookkeeper de-
i sires two hours' work evenings; best refer-
I erces. Box 4370. Call office.
I MIDDLE-AGED man. sober and reliable, want* ..
j situation as blllpasser; small wages If steady,
j H. W_ 240 Third St. '
I JANITOR with time mornings and evenings,
would like offices or small building to clean.
Box 1708. Call.
YOUNG man. assistant bookkeeper, bill clerk .
or office assistant, desires position; two years
In last place and has best references from ;
same. Address H. D. C. 119 Fifth St.,
. third flat.
1 MARRIED couple with a child IS months
would like situations; man good all around
man and wife good housekeeper. Address
910 Peralta st.. Oakland.
WANTED— A position In furnishing good*
house by young man with nine years' expe-
' rience. 1630 Page st.
¦ GOOD house carpenter wants long Job. Box "
1702, Call office^
'¦ YOUNG Swedish man wants to learn the
| photographers' business. Box 1789, Call.
YOUNG man wants position few hours during
I day or evening. Box 4350, Call office.
POSITION wanted by unincumbered. healthy,
active, reliable, honest, refined, elderly wld- ;
'• ower as companion to invalid or others on
land or sea: guardian, custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address R. F.,
• P. O. box 2163, San Francisco, Cal.
POSITION as Janitor (10 years' experience) or
as porter in any wholesale house; can assist
at wrapping or packing. Addrens N. LIN-
TON, care E. C. HARE. Masonic Temple.
YOUNG man, experienced stenographer, re- A
liable, industrious and capable, desires to
secure a better position in that capacity; .
city or country; references. Box 1047, Call. |J
A 'YOUNG experienced butcher would like a
position to drive a wagon and help In shop;
city or country. Box 1G40, Call. 1
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference .
given. Box 4144, Call office. . <
A SOBER young man would Hko a position
few hours during day or evening. Box 434D, .
Call office. •
FLORIST wants position in florist store or
greenhouses; city or vicinity. Address box .
4351, Call office. , '
A REFINED, good natured Chinese wishes sit-
uation as first-class cook in hotel. F. W. ,
WONG. 21 Drenham place. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubscrlntions has been established at 1000 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for G cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifl paces. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO « PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation -
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investor*.
Write for information to '
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building.
Ban Francisco. Cal.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive in every town; applicant must- be able to
give bank security it, required. Address box
12S3. Call office. '"'
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-209 Geary
st., on the square.
$^0 — 556 WALLER St.. near Steiner; beautiful
new upper flat, 7 rooms and bath: sun in
every room. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &
CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
NOE, 10S0, cor. Elizabeth— New six-room flat;
all modern Improvements; convenient to Cas-
tro and 24th st. cars; rent reasonable.
$10 — 1-ROOM flat. 144 Pfelfter, north of Chest-
nut: furniture can be bought for S50. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513 California st.
AT park entrance: top fiat; marine view; mod-
ern in every particular; all-night cars; low
rent; prettiest spot In city. 74S Eighth ave.
HYDE. 841, near Sutter — Elegant modern flat,
10 rooms, 2 baths. McAFEE BROS., 10S
Montgomery st.
BAKER, 733, nr. McAllister— Fine middle flat,
6 rooms, bath; new; modern; very sunny.
BEAVER. 57, one block from Market and Six-
teenth — New 0-room flat: low rent^
ELEGANT corner flat, 7 rooms; rent 535. ,
Church and Hancock, near Eighteenth. [
SECOND ave., 606. near McAllister et.— New,
modern upper flat 6 sunny rooms; <2T 50.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st.
|12— FOUR sunny rooms. 815 Thirteenth St.,
near Market.
$37 50— SUNNY upper flat, one flight. 7 roomi;
rear entrance and yard. 1651 Bush et.
$20 — ELEGANT up. sunny cor. flat, 6 -rooms,
bath. 3 Merritt. 4602 ISth, west of Castro.
$22 B0 — MODERN 5-room flat; fine marine
view. 2931 Broderlck St.; key next door.
FLATS FOR SALE FUK.VISHED.
8-ROOM flat for sale; cheap; first class; brings
in $200 per month. A. B. Smith Furniture
Company, 128 Ellij st.
$550— Elegant furnished flat for sale; part cash;
7 rooms; bath; bargain; must be sold, Ap-
ply 812 Larkin st. . '
17-ROOM flat on Eddy 6t. ; downtown: must sell.
A. B. Smith Furniture Company. 12S Ellis st.
____ FLATS TO L ASK.
NEW modern flat of 9 rooms and bath, all
carpeted, which cost ?675; never occupied: a
10-month lease fully paid at $70 per month,
all for 5S00; north side of Sutter St.. west
of Laguna. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 048 Mar-
ket st. •
FURNITURE FOR SALE. >
FOR sale— Double oak bed and children'* bed.
» Apply morning. 2327 Bush st. ¦
FUKMTtlRE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repair*, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
nlture. flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.'
HIGHEST price for furniture and lndse. L. II.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt.'.tel.Howard 275«.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
nELF WA5TKD >f M.V. r n *.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOTMKNT AGEN'CT
58 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone ksuatx -40.1*
NEVADA AND UTAH
FREE FARE.
RYNDON. GOLCONDA AND RENO
S. P. R. R. CO.-S OWN WORK. "
190 laborers. $2 a day.
We Ship Daily On All Trains.
Crowds Are Coins. Ara Tco!
91 section hands, all parts of California,
Coast line and Western division.
EUREKA— ITUMBOLDT COUNTY
FARE ADVANCED.
Band iawver, $100 a month and txard.
7 laborers, sawmill. $33 and board.
10 lumber Dllers and yardmen, |3S & board,
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
S coal miners. 6- foot vein, *1 a tin.
CHICO — HUTTE COUNTY.
Half-rate fere. $2 SO.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Laborers, teamsters, track men. tunnel nvn,
woodchoppers and risht of way men. $30 to
$30 a month.
SHIP TO-DAY.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third »t.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 33*
Phone Main 1191. Corner Leldeadorff.
ASTORIA OREGON— Near PORTLAND.
FEE $1. FARE $3— TO ASTORIA.
23 rockmen $59 found: 75 laborers. $51 and
found. Bis crowds going. Are you?
EUREKA— HALF FARE— EUREKA.
IjSlGE LUMBER COMPANY.
23 laborers. R. R.. In woods. $10 found.
WTLLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
25 laborers and teamsters. $2 25 — Fee *1.
OUR OFFICE OPEN TO-DAT 10 TO 12 M.
Watch o«r ads In to-morrow* ¦ (Monday) pa-
pers. The Jobs you want will be there. Call
and eet a free list of Jobs at PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 620 Sacramento st.
A— FOR CASPAR TUNNEL. MENDOCINO
COUNTY. CAL.
Laborers pick and shovel men $3
Steamer sails Monday Free Far*.
1C0O laborers. Nevada $2 Fre* Fare.
C. R HANSEN 4 CO. '3 EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
42D Boah st C42 Clay st.
WANTED — S of flee boys: ass 14 to 18. Apply
Rlsdon Iron Works. Potrero.
WANTED — A reliable typesetter for 2 day*
each week at moderate pay; women pre-
ferred; state particulars. Box 1657. Call.
FLOORMAN and assistant manager for crock-
ery department; state experience, references,
ase and salary expected. Box 1C50. Call.
GOOD bedmaker to sweep and rent rcoras: lon«
Job; call Monday after 9 a. m. 25 Third st.
BOYS 17 to 13 years of age, for wrappers and
stock helpers. Apply superintendent's of-
fice. Emporium.
WANTED — Errand boy 15 year* or over; ap-
ply between S and 8:30 only. H. LIEGES &
CO.. 137 Post st.
5VANTED — Capable traveling salesman for
Cal.; staple line to country merchants; bond
required. Box 60S. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — At once, experienced traveling
salesman for Cal.; only high-grade men need
apply; bond required. Drawer 3.. Chicago.
WAGON and errand boys. Those seeking
steady positions only need apply. Super-
intendent's office. Emporium.
WANTED — First-class tinsmith and errand
boy. Apply 510 Mission St., upstairs.
LABORERS wanted; ditch work; long Job.
Palo Alto.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere; good salary: no
experience. Int'l. Detective Agcy.. Milwaukee.
TWO flr?t-class cabinetmakers and 1 cabinet
stock cutter. WM. BATEMAN. S.T3 Folsom.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 23c. 50o
and «0c, while you wait at 5«: Mission «t..
bet 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third st? Open
evenings until 10 o'clock except Sundays.
WANTED— A good all around upholsterer; also
a mattress maker; must be Al: union shop.
WAKEFIELD MXFG. CO.. 461-463 Fourth
«t.. Oakland. .
"WANTED — A first-class hardware traveling
r»presentatlve for wholesale house; experi-
ence necessary: literal salary to right party.
Box 17SS. Call.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at II and
1150 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 Third St.. Exam,
bid.; open evg"s until 10 o'clock ex. Sundays.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 488 Parrott building. •¦
"WANTED — Competent dry goods packer. Aj>-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
"WANTED — First-class domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. in. at HALE BROS.'
OPERATORS on ladles' cloaks and suits. D.
M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 First St.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler wanted: state «bUity
and wages wanted: c»y. Box 4353, Call.
WANTED— Strong younc man to help on cakea.
Ill Larkln st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. <3 5O; best shoes on earth. IX
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
Open evenings until 10 o'clock ex. Sundays.
FIRST-CLASS furrier, also first-class taxider-
mist wanted. R. STENZEL FUR CO.. Salt
Lake City, Utah.
WANTED — Oyster man; 4(X> Seventh St.. Oait-
land. Cal.
WANTED— For the U. a Marino Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations la ths
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222% N. Mala
st.. Los Angelea. Cal.. and 401 K it.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. M0LER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 Clay St.
WASTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 1*. 2« Montgomery st.. 8aa Fran-
drco Construction Company.
BAP.BER shop for sale; Commercial Hotel shop
In Stockton. Particulars, apply J. M. HART,
433 East Main st.. Stockton. ,
WANTED — Barber shop. dtT or country: gtv«
full information. Box 1650. Call office.
GOOD Job for good boy. SIMPKINS &
THORP. 116 Erie «fc
WANTED — Office boy. 16 years old; stata
references. Box 1641. Call. ?
WANTED — Energetic dalesman for outslda
work. THORN E & CO.. 312 Bush st.
BOY in tin shop, learn trade; 18 years. 803
Mission st
COATUAKERS for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. A CO.. 24 Sntter at.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d »t.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. G«o. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. V.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2ft Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 33c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsomsnts »n.i
faberrlctlons ha» fccaa established »t 109S
Valencia st. |
ALL. sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. B63 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d «ts.
GET your shoes half so'.ed while waiting: 23o
to SOc. S63 Mission St.. bet. 1«t i»m* -d «t».
HORSES AM) WAGOXS.
AUCTION Tuesday. 11 a. m.. Sept. 29 clos-
ing o-it of horses, wagons, surrfys and bus-
glcs. 1140 Folaom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the moaer.
•t JEPSEN BROS CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
A-SMALL wagon, 2:6x5 Set , •»: surrey $10;
Jbuslness buggy. I^J^J: ?*---:
ALMOST~new buggy cheap. 839 V»
Natoma St.. rear. Sunday_g" d Monday.
BARGAIN— Low wh?«!^u™» bout; gentle, small
horse. 1634 Mlsslon 1 _____
A LOT of good horses and mules. 1H0 Folsom
street. . .
FOR sale— Handsome trap: cheap. Box 1000.
Call efflce. .
TWO flue ponies for * a iVJ i^ m oe *; lve , BIacS "
smith shop. Fol^ 1 * pd E1^*»th sts.
i ,,,„. „.„.,_, ;.band wagons, bucko' d. »ur-
r% Thames, worMrtvlng horsea. IMh- Yal.ncU
8 GOOD horses^." 18 chca P- S 27 st^ th "*-
Al EXPRESS ws*°n. «Sht camping wagon and
g^*5 cheap - «P mission st
a •WTnrT.-<5 ne** i0T 5 centa — The Weekly Call.
lftS^M in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per veafl
United SUt» « Caaad* on* year for %U \
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg., Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration proof
call at office.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60e;
plates $5; full set ;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set tieth $1 50 up; crowns ?2 up: fillings 2Bc
I GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Hun-iay. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
isrt'« button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
~~ DYEIMi AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phona
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help. etc.
A — OHPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 113
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518b.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
LMPLOYMEXT WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Expert lady stenographer desire*
potttlcn In mountain town In courthouse, In-
surance, commercial, mining or other enter-
prises; excellent letters. Box 43G0, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sition as housekeeper and cook for men;
good plain cooking; wages $20. MARY
BRICKWEDEL, Cloverdale, Cal. ,
COMPETENT NURSE wishes engagements,
confinements or lnvalfds; cheerful and pains-
taking; moderate terms; references. MRS.
KING. 917 Geary St. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
housekeeper or cook on ranch; neat and reli-
able. Address Housekeeper, 109 Leaven-
worth st.
WANTED — By colored woman, work of any
kind by the day; first-class laundress; refer-
ences. 109 Jessie St., r near Second, room 1.
STEADY, strong, willing girl desires position
as cook or light housework; good plain cook;
wages $20 to $25; good references. Box lctil,
Call office. : ::¦¦<.}.
POSITION as housekeeper for man with chil- i
dren by widow with experience. Call or ad-
dress MRS. FOREMAN, 840 Webster St., I
Oakland. ' ¦
DRESSMAKER and ladles' euitmaker, artistic,
reliable; expert cutter. and fitter; only first-
class work done: will sew in families day or
week. MISS BARSS. 1024 Mission st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker, guarantees per-
fect fit, solicits city or country engagements;
teijfns. $2 60 day. 1250 California; new No.
BY refined Intelligent lady, companion to girl
or lady. Miss M. E. V.. 2221 Locust st.,
St. LoulB. Mo. _•¦ ¦
POSITION as working housekeeper, hotel or
family; country or city. - A. L., box 4371, Call
office.
A MARRIED lady wishes position as house-
keeper for elderly couple or widower, where
husband can board. Box 1629. Call.
I EXPERIENCED person to assist In housework
i and wait on lady; first-class references, from
New York. Box 4301. Call. ; :
1 WOMAN wants work by the day, understands
| general housework and laundry; can glvj
k Kood reference. Box 4361, Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE. ' |
A— PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
— Special bargains in Market-st. houses. —
CO rooms, new, modern, central, 4-year
lease, up to date in appointments, clear, will
exchange for 25 to 30 rooms; particulars and
reasons in office. . v
' 33 rooms, family, transient, offices, close in,
! make offer and get facts in office.
| 30 rooms, central, lease, cheap rent, other i
business compels sacrifice, terms very easy, j
100 ROOMS: house for men; renU$140 $1000
f8 rooms; south of Market: rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; cornejv part cash; bal. easy. SSO ¦
11 rooms; good ihcome: rent $20 350 j
21 rooms; water front; rent $10; lease.. C50 j
320 rooms; good lease: low rent 6.100
67 rms.; apartment.*; Western Add.; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhcuses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st._
[ 22 ROOMS: all on one floor: choice, sunny
I corner; retiring from business. For par-
tlculars address box S2S. Call office, Oakland.
Sl'IHlTUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular. !
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott 8S7. i
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evenln;,
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison St., cor. Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. 10C2 Ellis, readings dally.
P:30 to 4; yeances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
My Regular $S Readings This Week For
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and ;
Palmist ever In San Francisco. j
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee ]
to make no charge If I fail to tell you your ]
name, occupation and what you called for; J
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife !
or fcweetheart Is true or false; I tell you ;
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I j
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition j
better than you can tell yourself; I improve j
your character no that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; eo you will live happy and contented i
the rest of your life. Hours 10 A. M. to
8 P. M. ; Sundays,2 to 8. 32G O'Farrell s*., 326.
MME7 "mT BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma- j
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner !
bldg.- she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happiness and portrays events to
occur in the futuj^; If you are In trouble, dls- ;
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
I of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of bTrth: don't send currency. Send poBtofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. FORTER. scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and futur?:
ladles. f)Oc; gents, $1; by cards palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 CO. 120 Turk at.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10(5, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
FREE — Free — Your fortune told; send birth
date and 3 2-cent stamps now. DR. BEST,
144 D. 6C5. Chicago. > m
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th et.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladies 25c, gents 5Cc; no sign. 413 Mason st.
MME.AVALTF.RS, great card reader; ladies 23c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission st.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; ult-
tlngs dolly. 44S^4 Je^le st.. bet. Bth and 6th.
CAItPET BEATING AND iCLEAXIXG.
A1K, compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
flocr without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
; WHEN you become disgusted with your work
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3C5-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
' WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rlson St.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
1 CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
• TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating-
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
• ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
I tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propi.
; RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
• CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Eagt 126.
H£LP WANTED MA MB.
OPEN TO-DAT.
SUNDAY.
» SUNDAY.
MURRAY ft READY. «34 and 638 Clay St.
Phone Main .VMS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE ~ 1903 WE'LL, GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
665)7 men wanted to-day for
ARIZONA, OREGON.
NEVADA. WILL1TS. UKIAH.
And all points North. Eaat. South, on South-
ern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands. Muckers. Drillers.
Extra gongs. Teamsters. Haxnmersmen.
MINES— TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
SO miners, all over State. *i*> and $82 SO.
165 drillers, all over the State. $S2 BO. $75.
364 laborers and muckers, everywhere, $60,
$75. $82 CO.
64 Umber men, carmen, furnace men, $C0 to
$90.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.— *1 FEE.
188 laborers, teamsters, drillers, etc., $73,
$82 80.
FRUIT PICKERS— $1 FEE. '.
137 fruit picker*, men or boys, $30 to |37 00
and found.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
236 farm and orchard hands. $30. $?3, $40
end found.
86 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $3O
to $50 and found. „„
28 choremen. coachmen, gardener*, etc., $30
to $40 and found.
19 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $30 to
$60 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay St.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels restaurants, campe, mines
and ranches city and country. $30 to $iO to.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
Office boy. run errands, city. $5 week.
16 elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY * READY. 634-638 Pay st.
MECHANICAL. AND OTHERS.
8 slack coopers, 9c; 8 cabinetmakers.
Cutoff sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
86 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers, all over California. $50,
$00. $70 $80 $90 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country.
some factories mills, warehouses, excavat-
ing, building etc.. many in San Francisco,
lots to board home. $2. $2 25. $2 50. $2 .5
day; 96 carmen and furnace, men, $67 and
$73; 35C3 positions not advertised. ,
COME— SEE.
Best places at MURRAY & READY'S,
Biggest wages at 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
16 carpenters, large company, fare $1, $00.
30 carpenters, electric power trust. $90.
• 26 carpenters, flume work, $90.
16 ranch carpenters, $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
IN 4 STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
106 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
365 woodchoppers.
2S7 tlemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $00. $70. $80. $90. $100.
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
' SPECIAL — SPECIAL.
TO-DAY.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
Marysvllle, Chico. PlacervUle.
186 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drllleri! and other help; you go; $S2 60, $75,
$G7 CO.
BIG SAWMILL.
3 lor loaders. $65; 2 timber fellers, $60.
Band resawyer.
TO MINE— FARE $2 50.
25 laborers; you'll suit; steady; $42 found.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
20 laborers to pile lumber, $60.
WILLITS— UKIAH.
161 teamsters, laborers, etc.. free fare. $67 50.
NEW JOB — COUNTY ROAD WORK.
B.1 laborers; anybody can do it; fare $1, $60.
ELECTRIC LIGHT SYNDICATE.
155 laborers, teamsters, carpenters' helpers,
$90, ?67.
RESERVOIR WORK.
90 teamsters, laborers, fare $1 20, $60. $67 50.
OltEGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
63 tunnelmen, $S2 50.
12 butchers, different Jobs. $30. $35. $40. $60,
570 $S0 And found.
Piss' feet shaver. $2 23 day; handy man with
knife, $2 25.
3 meat cutters, $15 week.
Best Wages at MURRAY 4 READY'S.
Best Places at 634-63S Clay st.
" BOARD YOURSELVES.
$2 25 DAY—STEADY WORK.
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
155 Austrlans or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS.
Grader, sugar pine lumber. $9O.
Pipe man, lumber company. $2 50 day.
Teamster for mine, four horses. $40 found.
Concrete man, foundation work, wlrery,
$3 50.
Steam fitter, pipe work, factory. $2 50 day.
2 young men, leorn leather tanning, $9 week.
6 laborers, city manufactory, $2 day.
Man and write, xanch, easy job, $5O found.
12 laborers, factory, near city, $14 week.
6 carpenters, north, $75.
FREE FARE.
26 laborers, 9 hours, $2 25 day.
Lathe hand machinist. 15c fare, $3 day.
Meat cutter, shop, $15; shop butcher. $2 SO
day.
TO EL—D—CO.
25 laborers, fare paid, lumber company, $60. ,
MENDOCINO—FARE PAID.
25 laborers, fare paid, lumber company, $35
to $SO found.
BIG GOOD MINE. ;
25 laborers, you'll suit, $60 to $75.
FREE FARE—9 HOURS' WORK.
25 laborers, $67 50.
155 ITALIANS—FREE FARE.
TO LOS ANGELES AND ARIZONA.
' Woodturner, fare ?1 20, $4 day.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city. $3 day.
2 milk wason drivers. $25 and found.
Sheep shearer, 7c head; butter maker. $35.
Camp waiter, $25 found; married bartender,
$15 week.
Cooper, factory. 15c fare. ?3 25 day.
3 painters, stripe and letter. $2 50 to $3 day.
Laundry man. all around, fare $1 25, ?- 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
THE November civil service examinations will
offer excellent opportunities for securing ap-
pointments; comfortabte life positions: gocd
pay; our thorough coaching will assure you
a hlzh grade. Particulars as to position!",
salaries, etc.. write for circular 112. Nation-
al Correspondence Institute. 927 Market st.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd'a Syllable: no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuse:
only 9 characters: easily read; study by mall;
circulars, testimonials and first lesson cover-
Ing one-fourth course, for tws 2c stamps.
Chicago Correspondence Schools. Incorporat-
ed. 62 National Life bldg.. Chicago. III.
SALESMEN wanted—For vacancies Oct. 1. 2
experienced traveling salesmen worth good
salaries; fast selling, attractive line; trade
well estab.; favorable, long-time contract to
good men: write, giving age. exper. and refs.;
per, interview if satisfactory. Box 1<87. Call.
SALESMEN make 50O per cent commission sell-
Ing "Novelty Sign Cards"; merchants buy 10
to 100 on sight: 800 varieties: catalogue free.
Sullivan Co.. 1139 Maplewood ave.. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman—Attractive, energetic
man for California territory: staple line: es-
tablished high rated house. F. R. JEN-
NINGS & CO.. Sales Mgr.. Detroit. Mich.
FLOORMAN and assistant manager for drug-
gist sundries and leather goods department;
state experience, references, age and salary
expected. Box 1655. Call.
GOVERNMENT positions —Examinations soon:
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
sltlons. salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED—Men everywhere; good pay: to dls-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs,
ietc.: no canvassing. National Advertising
Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED everywhere—Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vafsing; good pay. Sun Advertising Bureau,
Chicago. '
A SECOND cook for an institution. $35 and
room: a second butler. *35 and found. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
_
WANTED —Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED —A boy from 14 to 16 years to ¦work
in our wholesale department. EAGLESON
& CO.. 535 Market St.. upstairs.
- ; — ¦
EXPERIENCED dishwasher. 612 Kearny st.
¦ ¦ ' ¦ I. - ., ±
MIDDLE-AGED man to work; small kitchen;
good home. 1395 San Bruno ave. *
GOOD experienced cutter; no other need ap-
ply. S. N. WOOD Jb CO.. 740 Market st.
. TWO good boys to learn Jewelry trade. Ad-
dress with reference, box 4365, Call office.
SHOEMAKER wanted. McDONALD & PER-
) RY. 239 Third st.
BOY wanted for plumber's helper. Call new
7 building on Sixteenth St., near Sanchez.
BOY about 16 years of age, with reference.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED —In wholesale Cry goods house, ex-
- perienced entry clerk. -Address box 1799.
Call office. N
s WANTED' —A neat young man for soda foun-
. tain. ORUENHAGEN BROS., 20 Kearny st.
« WANTED —Boy, 14 years, to learn Jewelry
, trade. MILLER D. SHAD. 112 Sutter at.
JIF.KT1\G SOTICUS — -Continued.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. SO. F. and _
\. M. — Officers and members will
assemble at Masonic Temple, Sunday, l^Jl
H-j.tember 27. 11)03. at 1:30 p. m.. to < »
tonduct the funeral of our late brother,
JOHN STUART, of Mount Moriah Lodge
No 27. F. and A. M.. New "iork City.
Master Masons and friends of deceased re-
spectfully invited. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER.Secy. _
THE Callfornia*Dcbrls Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process from Middle Yuba Mining Company,
in La MIna del Diablo mine, near Sierra
City Sierra County. Cal.. draining into ra-
vine' which drains into Middle Yuba River;
from South Yuba Mining and Development
Company, in Meister mine, near Emigrant
Gep Placer County Cal.. draining into D<a-
rr.ond Creek which reaches Yuba River: from
Toy K*e. in Fairplay mine, near Scales.
Vlumas County Cal.. draining into Rock
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no-
tice that meeting will be held at room 96,
Flood building, San Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
ber 12. 1003. at 1:30 p. m.
$1 00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladies' and men's
dress shoe known desire men and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW. re-
markable sight selling health and comfort
features; original selling plan; possibilities
unlimited. NO RISK. Write to-day.
Kushlon Komfort Shoe Co., 1155 Market St.,
£an Francisco. Cal.
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others; we etart you in profitable mall order
business at your home; pleasant work; im-
mense profits; unlimited possibilities; full in-
formation for stamp. FRANKLIN -HO W-
ARD CO.. Denver. Colo.
IF you are interested in the -mall order busi-
ness, send us a dime for our book. Key to
Success in the M. O. B." PACIFIC BOOK
CO.. 120 Sutter St.. San Francisco. :
2 YOUNG women to solicit; must be experi-
enced and good talkers; salary. Apply Over-
land Monthly. 320 Sansome st.; call between
9 and 10 a, m^
WANTED— Agents can make $200 a month
selling Magic Gas Lighter; every city where
artificial gas is used. Superior Mfg. Co.,
Indianapolis. Ind. .
W \NTED — Solicitors to handle good selling
articles on their merits; liberal commission
Cair Monday from 9 to 6:30. room 12&. 331
Kearny street. .
' AGENTS and solicitors wanted on a good
money-mjiking proposition; no mining stock;
big money in it for right party. 033 Par-
rott building^
AGENT'S cample case containing over 25 use-
ful household articles. 25c: satisfaction guar-
anteed. JAMES NOVELTY CO.. S. F., Cal.
AOFNTS— 10 different useful household and
buflness patent articles, 12c; special terms.
Frisco Novelty Co.. Howard St., near Second.
S3 1 ' A WEEK salary and expenses for men
w'th rip-s to sell poultry compound. Impe-
rial Mfg. Co., dert. 54, Parsons, Kans.
AGENTS wanted — We employ ladles or gentle-
men; useful article; great seller; free sam-
ple. Bonlta Mfg. Co.. Wooster. Ohio.
AGENTS wanted; lady or gentleman; fine toilet
preparations; liberal commission. Address
box 101. Fruit vale. Cal.
NATIONAL Trio cells for 20c to 9 out of 10
! persons. SMITH & CO., box 1538, Provi-
dence. R. I. .
I AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON.
\ 477 and 478 Parrott building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. 81 year.
ATVOKXm S-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market St., offices 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but un!ei«s the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising is not a lawyer; don t be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. 65. 916 Market; tel. Red 618; Bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments: corporations
organized ; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm €11; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges: call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
caees; no Ices in advance: open every even-
Icg. J. M. THURSTON. SIP Market St.. r. 31.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Sprecke'.s bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket tt. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN A- AITKEN, attorneys, rs. 309-10-11,
Clunle bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful: all
law business. TV. TV. Davidson. 927 Market.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
lngy. 927 Market st.. room 301.
bcs1msss chances.
$2oToo^ea1ixT^iwo^n~^n^m^n?h?~~^
Thia represents average profit for past 7
months; no oil wells, gold mines, gra'.n or •
stocks ; a straightforward, honorable business
proposition, coming from an established cor-
poration with $100,000 capital; National Bank
reierences. Write for particulars. STAR &
CRESCENT CO., 226-2S La Salle St., Chicago.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will,
new brick apartment house of 175 rooms, in
city's swellest locality; partly furnished; al-
though just opened is over half-filled with
regular tenants already: long lease; if you
want apartment house don't fall to get par-
ticulars of this at rooms 1404-1405, Call bldg.
FOR Bile — As a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot. south line Union st., 137 :« feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.; lot 103:6x137:0 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
221 Sansome £t. *
WANTED — A party with $1500 to manufacture
a patent attachment for beds night time and
I other use daytime, which married women
1 will appreciate on sight; absolutely new,
| useful and cheap. Address box 829, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
INTELLIGENT German to purchase interest
In well established German paper and take
charge of bustntes department: good chance
and reasonable terms. Box 4001. Call.
SLOT punching machine; lawful everywhere;
will earn you $20 to $40 weekly; price $25;
also weighing f-calen. KOGERS Mfg. Co.,
i]T2 Locust St.. St. Louis. Mo.
$10,000 WILL buy a country store worth $20,-
000; hotel In thriving town, together with
half a block of land. $3300. CHAS. W. COE,
45 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
FREE: — $500 — Ihoo — Wioa — Ssnaka — To our
representatives; can you name .1 States. Full
particulars sent at once. Electric Mfg. Co.,
Orillia, Ontario.
BUTCHER business for sale In Mission; owner
having other business to attend to. Apply
1C29 Vi Shotwell St.
PARTY going East, will sell paying machine
works inventorlng about $4000; cheap. Box
4307, Call office.
A THOROUGHLY equipped paying hotel busl-
n«5s near S. F.; f900. Box 1653, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS business, with good stock of un-
perlshable goods for sale. Box 43(3. Call.
FOR eale — Hotel and bar, horse and wagon. In
• good country town; short distance from city;
must be eold cheap on account of death in
family. Box 1643. Call. - >•-¦;•
BARGAIN — Half or whole restaurant, .oyster
chophouse: furnished: fine location. S73
Howard Et. MRS. COLLINS. '_ • -
FOR sale — Part interest In wholesale mercan-
tile buElnees In this city; established in 1852;
$10,000 to $20,000. Address box 1044, Call.
BAKERY — Fine location in Klo Vista; good
baker will do well. Address DAN Me-
GRAUQH. Rio Vista. Cal.
$400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant; business dis-
trict; good payer; must be sold. 829 Mis-
sion st.
SNAP — 8-room lodging and boarding house, all
full; clears $75 mo.: $350. 1031 McAllister.
$250 BUYS paying fruit store. Apply GEORGE
HUNRICK. opposite Berkeley station.
GOOD- PAYING ' saloon for sale cheap, account
of elcknejs, at 10C9 Howard st.
FOR sale — Cheap: grocery and bar: no agents.
1122 Harrison st.. between 7th and 8th.
OYSTER-HOUSE. 126 Seventh st.; good busi-
ness; must be sold en account of sickness.
FIRST-CLASS paloon with 4 rooms and 5
years' lease: ch?ap rent. Box 1621, Call.
FOR SALE — An inside route on this paper.
Tot partl-u7ar» epplr «t o f fic*. •
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
ailment* of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc.
COLtGCTlOXOKglCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. WS0.
\ COTTAGES TO LET. .;*
CORTLAKD ave.. 1223 — $16: nearly new 6-r.
cottage; latest improvements; large basement;
\ milk room, stable, chicken houses; three lots.
COTTAGE, 2 rooms, rear 2287 Geary «t.; rent
$0; water free.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
A NURSE for an infant, place in city. $30.
references; a nurse for an Infant, place in Lo»
Angeles $30, see party here Monday morning
10:30; a second girl who can sew some for
2 young people, $25. see lady In of nee at 10:30
Monday morning; a waitress and parlor maid
for Oakland. $30. see party here at 10 Mon-
day morning; a first-class cook. 2 In family.
(40; a capable -lady's maid and 'seamstress,
$30. mu6t have references from private fami-
ly; a German cook for a German family of 3,
$35; an English or Scotch waitress, 2 in fam-
ily. $30; a German or Scandinavian waitress.
3 In family, $30; 50 housework girls, also
girls for all kinds of institution and hotel
work, $20 t« $40. MISS PLUNKETT. 423
Sutter s^, near Powell.
A HOUSEWORK girl who can cook well for 2
people no windows or rough work, place in
city, $30 a month; 4 other housework girls
for 3 and 4 in family, wages $30; to be filled
Monday. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. .
A SECOND girl (must sew), for 2 young peo-
ple; see party here. MRS. PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter St.. near Powell.
A WAITRESS for good commercial hotel;
short distance in country; $25; fare paid.
MISS PLUNKETT, 420 Sutter St., nx.Powell.
WANTED— Cook, private boarding-house. $35;
2 cooks, no washing. $35; 0 cook*. $30. $35;
housework, $30; laundress, private family,
$25; laundress boys' home, $25; cook and
„ second girl, same house, $35, $25; 5 nurse-
girls. $15, $20. $25; 2 men and wives. $50,
$40; kitchen helper, $6 week; chambermaid
and waiting, country hotel, $25; housework.
Piedmont, $30; second girl, Oakland. $25. and
CO housegirls, city and country, at $20, $25,
*30. Apply to J. F. CROSEiTT & CO., 334
Sutter st. . ¦
WANTED— Parlor maid. 2 In family, Menlo
Park. $30, see lady office, Monday, 10 o'clock;
parlor maid, Colusa, $30; chambermaid and
mending, same house. $30, see lady city; 0
second girls, $20, $25; butler, $33. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 6
in 2 weeks; $5 to these entering now; 3 po-
fitiens to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressln*
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1230 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at hlchfst wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for tall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
WOMEN and .girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day • and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO. f 9
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — 25 women of refinement to enrage
In easy and profitable employment; desira-
ble occupation for married women -with a
little leisure: can be carried on with any
other occupation. Address box 1795. Call.
WANTED — A neat and tidy woman to do plain
cooking and general housework for a family
of 4 adults; no washing. Apply at 2710 Fll-
bert St., near Broderlck; take Unlon-st. car.
LADIES — Dollies, centerpieces, Battenberg and
draxvnwork; all kinds of fancy work sold on
commission. Send stamped envelope to La-
dles' Exchange, 34 Monroe St.. Chicago.
LADIES — To do piecework home; we furnish
materials and pay from ?7 to $12 weekly.
Bend stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 Mon-
roe st., Chicago.
WANTED — Woman accustomed to travel;
must be agreeable and entertaining conver-
sationalist; $50 per month if satisfactory.
Box leeo. Call.
AN old lady to assist In lltrht housework; good
home; small wages. Call 116 Natoma St.
WANTED— First-class trimmer and good mak-
ers. 684 and 680 gutter. Call Sunday, bet.
2 and 4.
WANTED — An experienced nurse for 3-months-
old Infant; good references required. Call
Monday afternoon, 2201 Buchanan St.
COMPETENT girl, cooking and general hous*-
work; small family; no children; $25. 1927
Webster, cor. California. 10 to 12, 4 to 6.
WANTED — Stenographer In law office; Smith
Premier operator; state salary, experience
and references. Bqx 1C5S. Call.
WANTED — Woman accustomed to handling !
country trade; must have fair education and
business training. Box 1707. Call.
RESPECTABLE young lady to attend office;
no experience: small wages; references. Call
Monday at 47.3 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework; 3 adults; no
washing; wages $20. R. W., station B post-
office, Oakland.
$25 A 100 writing letters; materials furnished;
no deposit. Particulars Woman's Remedy
Co., Dept. B 3S, Chicago,
$20 A 100 writing letters home. For particulars.
Electric Remedy Co.. Dept. 101, 235 South
Michigan. South Bend, Ind.
GIRL for general housework and cooking for a
couple in a fiat at 2026 Steiner st.. 8-12 a.
m. ; reference required.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; good
wages if competent; references.' Call 1724
Sutter at.
SKIRT finishers and coat finishers. Call Sun-
day 0 to 11. and Monday; A. KAHN". 142
Gene at.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; work
in factory- *>5(J Mission St.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen coats
and dresses; good wages. (356 Mission Bt.»
third floor.
A— OPERATORS to take work home. 656 Mis.
plon st., third floor.
GIRL to assist with baby; sleep home; wages
$15; references. 621 O'Farrell St. -.-,••-:.
MANICURIST wanted at Hayward Shaving
Parlors. Hayward building, room 411.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Monday, bet.
4 and f>, room 302, Call building.
WANTED — A good reliable woman for general
housework. G50 Broderlck st.
GIRLS to work In folding box factory. TON-
NER-DUEHRSEN CO.. 25 Market St.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg.. city.
FUR finisher and liner. E. E. WALLEY, 115
Kearny st. .- .:¦
BOOKFOLDERS: experienced hands and ap-
prentices. Apply to 410 Sansome st.
WOMEN operators on all parts of shirts; best
prices; steady work. 19 Battery at., 3d floor.
BRIGHT girl , for counter work In a bakery.
612 Kearny St. ,f-
AN experienced maker and apprentlco wanted.
Floradora Millinery. 818 Lacuna et.
WANTED — Young lady for candy factory.
MASKET'S, 32 Kearny st.
FINISHERS on ladles' waists; steady work.
28 First st. KONIGSTEIN.
A GIRL wanted for general housework. Call
at 1116 Ellla st.
WANTED — Saleslady: steady position; one ex-
perienced in the crockery business preferred:
give reference and wages expected. Box
4355, Call office.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmers for
country: steady position; excellent salary.
Apply HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building.
WANTED — Experienced waist trimmers and
skirt hand3. Apply COX & DAUGHTERS,
1514 Pine at.
"WANTED — Good seamstress and chamber-
rcald; four In family: wages $25: references
required. * Apply 1264 14th St.. Oakland.
TYPEWRITER; mu.«t be quick and accurate
in clerical work. Apply to box 4356, Call.
COMPETENT girl to do general housework
and cooking. 1234 Geary st., cor Gough; 9-12.
YOUNG girl to do light Housework, 4137
Seventeenth st. .
BRIGHT ycung girl to assist lady bookkeeper
in office work 3 evenings in a week; $2 week.
Address box 1C52. Call office.
SECOND girl: French or Italian preferred;
references required ; wages $25. Apply 1200
Geary st.. bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
BOOKFOLDERS and sewers: girls 15 to ¦ IT
wanted to learn the trade;- steady employ-
ment and good wages paid while learning.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once. AMES * HARRIS. 100 Sacra.-
nionto st. ¦ " '
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
; M. Q. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
Cni'HCII SKKVICKS.
VNITAltlAN Church (First). S.W. cor. Geary <
and Krank!I:i *!?. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
mlnfcter. Kcv. iiratirord Leavitt and Chif.
A. Uurdotk., sui-ls. of Sunday school. The |
jun.or cliurrh a:id Sunday *chool are at 10 I
o'c.ock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock, j
K< v. iSradford Leavitt will preach: (subject, |
"TesiritlC Down and Building Up." Mu?lc
l.y guiiuet. under direction of H. Hretherick.
(jiganitt. Parents may leave children in the |
ktadetC-Ttea during eervlcfl. All are cordial- <
ly invited. There is no tvenlr.g service.
VN1T-VKIAN Church (Secondl. corner 20th and j
<-*l-j> et*. (Take Mission or Va!encia-5t. car.) |
Kev. Jay William Hudson, minister; resi- I
deuce. 500 Capp st. The Sunday school
mc-ts at 9:45 o'clock. W. C. Maxwell super-
intendent. At the morning service at 11
o'clock Rev. Jay William Hudson will
• preach": subject. : Our Twentieth Century
Ci.'^^ncss." ilusic by the orchestra and
choir under the direction of Jabish Clement, j
All the seats are free. Strangers cordially
welcome; r.o regular evening service. •
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and ¦
Mason «ts. — Itev. George C. Adams. D.D.. \
; a*:or. will prtach at 11 a. m.; topic. "So'.'.d .
Comfort." At 7:-*T> p. m.. a st-rvic? of song:
FTvcis;! music by the choir. Samuel D. Mayer |
<rTi*r.ist and musical director; address by j
the r>a*tor, topic. ¦•The Advantage of Bible 1
Study." All are cordially Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post et..
ncer Wct*ter — Rev. I. C. Meserve, D. D..
|-<astcr. Service* at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Sunday school at U:30 a. m. C. E. meeting
at C:45 p. m. Members of the "Volunteers
of America" will be present at the evening
rt-rvlce nnd will r;*&k and e.ing.
THIKD Cba— «c_UO_*l. Fifteenth, near Miulon
— Rev. William Uader. pestor. Pattor's resi-
0>n--e 32S Ha!ght St.; phone Park 329. At
11 a. m.. 'The Perfect Manhood." At 7:30
I*. r.i.. "The New San Francisco and the Re-
ligious Life of Our City."
Fir.ST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave. j
and Sacramento Ft. — Rev. William Klrk'i
Outhrle. j>a*tor. Morning service, 11 o'clock, j
Fubitct.' ••Chritt'5 Teaching About God." I
Evening service, 7:45 o'clock. The pastor •
will pree-ch at both services. Sabbath school, j
12:30 p. rn. Chrirtlan Endeavor- tt 6:15 p. i
m Wednesday S ;>. m.. midweek service;
* leader Rev. \V. K. Guthrie. All are cor-
dially " Invited. I
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
e^n and Fill'.nore *t5. — Rev. John Ilemphlll.
D. D-. pastor. Morning service Et 11 o'clock;
Ktmion topic. "The Approachable Christ." j
Evening eervice at 7:4.*. o'clock: «ermon topic, !
• What Must I Do To Be Favcd?" The pas- I
tor will preach at both services. Sabbath j
school at fl:.">0 a. m.; orchestral music. Chris- !
fan Endeavor meeting at «:'J0 p. m. Prayer j
me-et:ng Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
lire cordially invited.
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts. — Rev. George G.
. Elt!:e<!ge, r-'^tcr. Morning rervice at 11
o'clock. Evening service at 7:45 o'clock, at
which there will be a special musical ser-
vice. Sunil.iy-school at B:tf a. m. ; Christian
Endeavor Foclcty, vacation. Prayer meeting,
V.VdneMiay evening, at 8 o'clock.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Kayts an<l Buchanan ?ts. —
Rtv John Stephe-ns pastor. Preaching at
11 a. m and 7:45 p. m. Topic for the
morning. "Be Strong"; for the evening.
"What to Do With Our Doubts." General
Bonday school raily at 12:30 p. m.. C. B.
Perkins, superintendent: Epworth League at
(5:45 p. m.. Dr. R. O. Moody, president.
GRACE Church (Methodist Episcopal), corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts. — Rev. F. M. Lar- !
kin Ph.D.. i>astor. Services. 11 a. m. and j
7:45 p. m. Morning subject. "A Lost Com- j
n-.enrtment — A Message to San Francisco." j
Evening subject, a sermon lecture on "The |
t-u;«erstit!Cp of Doubt."
TRINITY Church Bush and Gough sts. — Rev.
Frederick W Clampett. D.D., rector. Holy
communion. 7:30 a. m. Sunday school, S:30
a. m. Morning service. 11 o'clock; preacher,
the rector: afternoon service. 4 o'clock;
preacher. Rev. J. A. O'Meara. Special mu-
sical service at fi r>. m. Oratorio. "The
Llrht of L:fe." will be rung. All are wel-
come.
A GRAND rally of men to-day (Sunday) will
b» held at 3 o'clock at the Young Men's
• hriEtian Association. Mason and Ellis sts.
The address will be given by Rev. H. H.
Bell. I>. D. ; subject. "The Importance of
Jlible Study." Seats free to ail young men.
Special music will be en interesting feature.
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy et.. near Jones-
Preaching at 11 a m. ard 7:30 p. m. by
Her. E. R. Bennett. Bible school at 12:30
P. m. : Y. P. S. C. E.. «;:.1O p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday at 7:43 p. m. All are
cordially invited to these services. Seats
free.
FIKPT Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block, 223 Sutter ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service__at 11 a. m.;
subject cf lesson-nermon, "Unreality." Bun-
dny school for children at the same hour:
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
free reading-room. 206 Kearny et., rooms
."•C9-510; ail ere welcome.
THE People's Church meets every Sunday
evening in Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter St.. Central
block. Subject this evening. "Gifts of the
S^r-rtt." You are invited to come. Pastor,
Mr*. Anna L. Gillespie. 1101 O'Farr ell st.
THE Theoeo;h!eal Society— Colonel H. 8. Ol-
• •< tt. president-founder. Public lecture to-
r.ight at 8 o'clock in Golden Gate Hall. 023
Sutter st.. by Mr. C. XV. Leadbeater of Lon-
don; subject. "Reincarnation." Admis-
sion 25 cents.
MEETI33S — SL'XDAV.
ATTENTION— PROF. FRED EVANS, the fa-
mous slate- writing and clairvoyant psychic,
interviews daily on all subjects of Impor-
tance. Office 1112 Eddy St.. near Octavia;
phone Scott 87; stamp for circular.
MME. SEELEY, in spirit d'.rected costume;
grand flower test meeting; good music.
Friendship Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg., 8 p.
m. Admission 10c
TESTS, front hall. SCO Market. 11 a. m. — Lec-
ture. E. R Davis, subject, "Creation'a
Dawn"; 2 and 7:30, Wilson. Cowan; 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c; 619
McAllirter; all life readings dally. 7C0 Cen-
tral ave.. near Webster rt., Alameda.
MRS. EBERH ART'S spiritual test meeting to-
night. S o'clock sharp: 10c. 3250 Twenty-sec-
ond »t., bst. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. STODDAUD'S seances, 10c; recognized
tests to earh person present: Sundays. Tues-
days: sittings daily. 27K Ninth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally; test to all every night; 10c.
ATTEND MKS. HARLAND'S circles evenings;
to-night, 10c; readings rally. 50c, $1. 148 Oth.
A — ETHEL CRINDLE: materializing seance,
Sunday eve., 50c. 1115 Post St.. 8 o'clock.
KATIE HUES? MANN, 009 Market. Colanthe
Hall ; spiritual meeting to-r'.grht, admis. free.
C V. MILLER. Mother Sadie, seance to-day 1
o'clock: $1. 10S4 Bush st.
CARLE'S grand slate and test eeanee to-night.
10T>2 Kills et.;.25c
SIXDAV LECTIRES.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market Et. — Subject. "The Spinal C.ord and
• It* Ftinctions." followed by views of a tour
from Cologne to Schaffhausen. v.*lth seme
peeps at the Black Forest of Germany; free
tickets distributed X-ray exhibition at Sani-
taiium; remember question box; epec. music.
DR. AL^ANDER~j~McIv6R"^ i TNDALL ol
London talks to-night. Steinway Hall. 223
Kutter St.. u»>on ••Clairvoyance," followed
with extraordinary experiments In psycho-
logical phenomena. Private classes upon
psychic and mental science every evening
this week, 431 Parrott building.
IwAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver his tenth
lecture on "How to Become God" to-night, t
o'clock: admission 25c; he also lectures on th«
G!ta every Monday e-vening: admission 50c,
3 tickets $1. 40 Steiner et.. Vedanta Society.
O. N. ORLOW will deliver a lecture
In Golden Gate Hall (upstairs). 629 Sutter et.,
This evening at S o'clock sharp: subject,
"Th? Good and Evil of the New Thought."
Good music and singing. Admission is free
"KMEIiPON'S Philosophy, a Pioneer of th«
New Thought." 11 and 7:30. Thaddeus Frit:
of Forward Movement. Occidental Hall, Lar
kin and McAllister ets.
HEnHV FRANK, farewell lecture! Goldei
Gate Hall, to-day. 11 o'clock. "Man, tin
Conqueror of the Universe." *
••NOW" lecture. Harrison Brown
"QueEtior.E," Odd Fellows' building, 8 p. m.
music.
Free Thought and Science Society — Lee. evcrj
Sunday » p.m.; eeats free. Odd Fellows' bid
Vlt. PAYNE'S hypnotic entertainment. 311
Powe-ll tt. ; S o'clock; 10c.
CLASSIFIED atfvertihements and subscription
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora
SIKKTING KOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L I. O.
O F. Members attr-nd mreilns-^tOSSiSJit--
MONDAY EVENING. 2s i-J&fQSb&i
the relief committee will pay us **^ft<ff^ ! "
a fraternal visit; a pleasant evening assured
visitors welcome.
EMIL KAUFMAN, N. G.
TO the Regular Funeral De- -yffr^w >v
tail of the niters' and
Stevedores' Union Afsoei.i- jJ^STS?^
tlon. Local 222 of the I. L. "±==SH5ftC2 !
K. and T. Association— The detail, beginninj
with J. H. Ashman and up to and includln;
John F. Anderson, will assemble at our ball
oca Front tt.. THIS DAY (SUNDAY). Sept
27 at 11 a. m.. to attend ihe funeral al ou
late brother. THOMAS SHEVLIN. By orde
ef THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JESD. Recording Secretary.Movements of Steamers.
United 6tates Coast and Geodetio Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about £5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The French bark Hoche, which was on the
reinsurance list at 15 per cent, arrived at Table
Bay on the 25th inst. ,-
The , United , States . monitor. .Wyoming cams
over from , Sausallto yesterday morning and is
anchored off Folsom-street dock.
The .reinsurance rate on La Tour d'Au
vergne, from Newcastle to San Francisco, 9S
days out • was raised yesterday from 10 per
cent to 20 per cent. . •¦..-.>
A telegram from Marshfleld, dated September
26, states that the steamer Alliance, previously
reported returned to that port leaking, was
beached for Inspection, and it was found that
the oakum had worked out of the stern post
seam, but no other damage was visible. She
will return to San Francisco. • . -. • ¦ .
Alliance Beached.
mine Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Of nee. U. '8.K.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 27. 1903:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building • was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I • ¦ at noon of the 120th meridian, or ax S
d m Greenwich time. ¦
¦ " :.\i J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. N., In charge.
Saturday, September 26.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Bonita, ¦ Alberts. San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka. ' Jessen, Eureka.* -
Btmr Alameda, Dowdell, - Honolulu. . .
Stmr Aurella, Peterson, Eureka,
stmr City or Sydney, McLean, Panama and
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September 25.
Stmr Enterprise, Miller,. 9' days 15 hours
Saturday, September 26. .
Stmr San Pedro, Johnson, 34 hours from
Hueneme. •
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 20 hours from Eu
relta. ¦" '¦ ~-' ¦
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 41 hours from Saa
Pedro.
Br ship Gen Gordon, Gibbons. 63 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Gatherer, Kelly. 16 days from All tak.
Bark Will W Case, Anderson, 33 days from
Bristol Bay. . -
. Bark Annie Johnson. Nelson, 30 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Sophie Christenson, Lundvaldt, 8 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Wllbert L Smith, Ross, 10 days from
Falrhaven. '
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 26.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. Panama; Pa
cific Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, Honolulu; Ion OH Co.
. Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, Honolulu; J. O
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ger stmr Uarda, Petersen. Hamburg;, via
Nanalmo; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ship Emily F Whitney. Goodman, Mel
bourne; Dempster & : Sons.
: SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 27.
Sun rises 0:01 a. m.
Bun sots. 6:00 p. m.
Moon sets 10:41 p. m.
O ITimel ITime ITlme Time
£. I— Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
* [H Wf . |L W fH W ¦ fL W
27 14:571 4.4 9:501 2.9 3:57 4.0 10:07 0.7
28 I 6:06 -.4.4 11:07 3.1 4:59 4.7 11:58 0.7
29 7:11| 4.5112:221 3.1 (1:04 4.6
LW IHW LW HW
30 0:51 0.7 -8:03 4.7 1:23 2.9 7:10 4.6
1 1:3U 0.6 8:48 4.9 2:13 2.6 SiO7 4.7
2 2:20 O.8 9:22 n.O 2:55 2.2 1:55) 4.8
8 3:05, 0.0 9:55 5.1 3:33 l.Q| 9:45 4.8
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tldej
the early morning tides are given in the lelt
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day, except when . there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
Addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
fclKn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
tha charts. The plane of reference is th* mean
of the lower low waters.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise carco. valued at $92,606, and dis
tributed as follows: For Mexico. $6506; Cen
tral America $16,504; Colombia; $1682; New
York. $63,964; Hamburg, Germany. $3500. The
leading exports were aa follows:
To Mexico — 890 gals wine. 26 pkgrs groceries
and provisions, 274 lbs 10 pk?s spices, 015 lbs
sago. 293 pkgs fresh fruits, 12 pkgs paste. 470
lbs 10 pkg3 raisln«, 04 pkgs potatoes, 1003 lbs
wax. 5 cs canned goods, 1 cs liquor. 255 lbs
dried fruit. 4 cs arms and ammunition, 8 pkgs
sewing machines, 6 cs electrical supplies. 10
pkgs drugs. 4517 bdls shooks, 176 boiler tubc«,
15 pkgs nails 3 cyls ammonia, 559 lbs starch,
12 sheets Iron. 4000 lbs cement. 1S54 lbs soda,
6 pkgs acid. 6 bales oakum.
To Central America — 2265 bbls flour, 740 gals
10 cs wine, 312 pkgs potatoes. 25 cs canned
goods. 85 pkgs groceries and provisions, 3496
lbs spices. 200 lbs peas. 8 pkgs paste, 264 lbs
raisins, 5 cs salmon. . 540 lbs tea, 202 lbs
bread, 29 pkgs oil. 21,430 lbs tallow. 3 bbls
beer. 8 pkgs dry goods. 2015 lbs rice, 212 C3
coal oil. 5 pkgs machinery. 10 reels wire.' 9
bales bags. 10 cs paints. 1 cs leather. 23
eks coal.
To Colombia — 10 bbls flour. 7357 .lbs sugar,
101 gals wine, 112 pkgs potatoes. 260 lbs lard.
5 pkga groceries and provisions, 6 cs canned
goods. 110 erts garlic. 205 lbs dried fruit.' C20
lbs beans. 4 pkgs paste, 70 plcgs onions. 25
cs salmon. 10 bales hay. ! 30 colls rope, 10 cs
soap 22 cs boots and shoes.
To' New York— 92,660 gals wine. 64 "gals
brandy. 27,600 lbs dry hides. 2004 cs canned
vegetables, 500 cs canned salmon, 60 bales
Junk. 4812 pigs lead, 1 pkg dry goods, 11 pkgs
curios. '
To Hamburg. Germany — 53,870 lbs prunes,
37,200 lbs dried fruit.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
Lumber for Australia.
The schooner Emily F. Whitney was cleared
yesterday for Melbourne. Australia, with 031,
571 feet of lumber, valued at $32,735.
The- steamer Argyll was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with 1,134,000 gallons cruda oil
in bulk, valued at $37,800.
Shipments of Crude Oil.
To Command South Atlantic Station.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— Rear Admiral Laid.
berton has sailed for South America to
assume command of the United States
South Atlantic station. Under Instruc
tions from th» Xavy Department at
Washington he will prepare th© squadron
for participation in th© winter maneuvers
in th© Caribbean Sea.
The- British ship Balmoral, previously re
ported for barley to Europe goes to Antwerp
direct, the rate being lCs Od.
The rate obtained by the British ship Dun
donald, previously reported for wheat and bar
ley to Europe, was 15s Od for barley and 123
6d for wheat.
The schooner Snow & Burgess is chartered
for lumber from Puget Sound to Manila at
(8 60; British ship- Levernbank. lumber and
merchandise from this port to Sydney at the
lump sum of £1750. prior to arrival. The ehlp
George Curtis returns to Honolulu with gen
eral cargo.
The latest grain charters reported are: Tho
French bark Charles Gounod, wheat from
Portland to Europe at 22s Cd. prior to arrival;
French bark Grand Duchesse Olga., wheat and
barley from Portland to Europe, 19s 3d. with
option of South Africa. 21s 3d; British ship
Peter Iredale. barley from this port to Eu
rope. 15s 6d (6d less direct); British bark
Strathdon. wheat from Puget Sound or Port
land to Europe 17s 6d, if barley 18s 9d.
Shipping Merchants.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP THS OCEAN.
2
2
40
9',
2-
Steamer. From. I Due.
Chas. Nelson. Ban Pedro Sept. 27
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Sept. 27
Iaqua Humboldt Sept. 27
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 27
Coos Bay san Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 27
Phoenix Mendoclno Sept. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 27
Arcata. ...... Cooa Bay & Pt Orford. Sept. 28
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
Doric China & Japan Sept. 2$
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... Sept. 28
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma...... Sept. 28
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept. 28
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sept. 28
State of Cal.. Ban Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 28
Wyefleld..... Nanalmo Sept. 29
Eureka Humboldt Bept. 2»
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 29
Argo Eel River Ports. Sept. 29
City Puebla. •• Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 2»
R. Dollar..... Ban Pedro Sept. 80
City Para.... New Tork via Panama. Sept. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 30
San Pedro.... Humboldt Oct. 1
Del Norte.... Cresaent City Oct. • 1
Santa Monica 8an Pedro Oct. 1
Banta Roe*. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Oct. 1
Chico.. Coqullle River......... Oct. ,1
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Alliance Portland & Way Pts.. Oct. 1
Corona Humboldt Oct. 2
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 2
Nevadan Honolulu Oct. 2
8. Portland... Portland & Astoria... Oct. 4
. UmatUla..... Puget Sound Ports Oct. «
Arlzonan N. Y. via Pt. Los Ang. Oct. 5
Nippon Maru. China & Japan Oct. 0
J Dollar veeattle & Tacoma Oct. «
San Jose New York via Panama. |Oct. 7
-TO SAI^.
• Steamer. ] Destination. Sails. PUr,.
~ Seittember 27 f
Mortara.... Seattle & Tacomavi 4 pm Pier 9
s Rama. . . . San Diego Sc Way 9 am Pier 18
SRo " a September 28.
r -Nelson . . Astoria & Portland S pm Pier 2
CVntralia . . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
rorona . . HumboUt 1 :30 p Pier 0
Oueen .... P"e et Sound p0Tt *' ll ¦» Pl «* »
Queen September 2».
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 1 pm Pier 13
Mlnnetonka New York direct Pier 23
Arcata . Coos B.& Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
r-hina. . . China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
«_n ... September 3a
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arct i c Humboldt 11 am Pier 10
Iaqua. ..... Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland|ll am Pier 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 0 am Pier 19
October 1. I
Eureka Humboldt | 9 am Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30pPler 9
Rival Willapa Harbor ..| 4 pm Pier a
State of Cal Ban Diego & Way. I 9 am Pier 19
S Monica.. Grays Harbor ....(4 pm Pier 2
Nebraskan.. Honolulu, v. Pgt. S 3 pm Pier 23
October 2i.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
October 3.
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt Arena . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Chico . . • Coqullle River 6 pm Pier ! 2
Nswport.... N. Y. via Panama.12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. |11 am Pier 9!
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2*
Alliance.... Portland & Wy Pti 5 pm Pier 18
October 4.
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
October 5.
Q. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 7.
Doric....... China and Japan.. 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
B. Portland. ABtorla & Portland .1 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE. .
Steamer. For; Sails.
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. ;m
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Humboldt.... Bkagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
jeanle Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Cottage City. Swag way &Way Pts. Oct. 2
Senator Nome Oct. 3
Ohio ' Nome & St. Michael. .. Oct. 3
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. lOct. 7
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports.JOct. S
Four more ships of the salmon fleet arrived
yesterday.^; They were the American ship Ori
ental, from Naknak, with 18,500 cases and 4500
barrels of salmon; the American ship Santa
Clara, from Bristol Bay, with 49.700 casea of
salmon; the American bark Gatherer, from All
tak, with 25,422 cases of salmon, and the
American bark Will H. Case, from Bristol Bay,
with 13,710 cases and 305 barrels of ealmon.
Salmon Fleet Coming In.
The big* fleet of vessels which came in on
Friday was augmented by more arrivals yester
day and the lower bay presented the unusual
sight of twenty big, square rigged ships lying
at anchor, besides numerous other craft of all
Bizes and dimensions.
Sailing Vessels Arrive.
Passengers for coast ports were- C. Semler,
H. Ltnton, Mrs. I. Solomon. Mrs. B. Solomon,
R. Roma C. Escobar, Miss A. Escobar, A.
Lutnam, A. C. Hardlson. E. W. Fortune, J. L.
French, A, S. Rollins, J. V. Englebretten, H.
B. Goltwaite and N. S. Wilson.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's steamer
City of Sydney sailed for Panama yesterday at
noon. Her passengers . for New Tork wer»
Henry Gobler. O. A. Seward, A. S. Klnes, J. J.
Courtney, George Granger, Charles Zeigler, W.
BllUan, H. A. Tombs. James Haggarty, M.
Luther. A. Rohde. A. W. Stratford, A. Wolff
and P. C. Brassier.
City of Sydney Sails.
United States new 4's advanced three
eights per cent, the 3*3 1 per cent, the old
registered 2 per cent. The 2's declined
1^2 oer cent as compared with the clos
ing call of last week.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— To-day's stock
market was kept unsettled and feverish
by occasional signs of renewed liquida
tion of the urgent and preclpitat» char
acter which threatened the situation on
Thursday and which was checked by yes
terday's measures taken by tha great
banking interests. The course of the* Lon
don market this morning indicated that
the stock purchased yeaterday for sup
porting purposes would ba for sala again
at any favorable opportunity. A disor
derly break in prices is dreaded for tha
panicky conditions which It might bring
about, but the feeling continues generally
that there is llauldation still to ba ef
fected. It is also considered undestr&bl*
to undertake any campaign for an ad
vance in the face of the money require
ments for the crops. The bank statement
was regarded as satisfactory, and espe
cially in the loan contraction of mor*
than S3.000.000. reflecting the- rood pro
gress made in the necessary process of
liquidation. Hopes are entertained that
this process will begin to be effective in
restoring the Impairment of credit which
has overhung: the market like a cloud
and infected all minds with distrust and
apprehension. The most notable selling
pressure to-day was in the United States
Steel securities. Baltimore and Ohio and
the local tractions. '
The news from the various crops and
the price movement of th» great agri
cultural staples were convincing 1 assur
ance of a safe harvesting 01 a sufficient
supply to afford a good exportable sur
plus. The harvest of the year has been
looked upon for many months as a vital
point in the problem of the working- de
velopments in which capital and enter
prise had become entangled. This news
was taken advantage of to market stocks.
There was a large movement of cur
rency to New Orleans for the movement
of the cotton crop. This waa> regarded
as gratifying from a monetary and indus
trial standpoint, the early movement of
that crop insuring an increased supply
for money purposes and a rellnqulshment
of exchange bills to Increase oar demands
on foreign money markets. The freer
movement of eraln In the "West was sat
isfactory, for the same reason, although
it serves to turn the tide of the- currency
movement in that direction. Railroad
earnings and the statistics of railroad
traffic showed a high level of activity
and prosperity there. These apparent in
centives to buy stocks were without th©
slightest effect. • and tho demand for
stocks was seemingly paralyzed. On the)
contrary, every development of an unfa
vorable character was given close atten
tion nnd was decisive In shaping the spec
ulative sentiment. The speculative opin
ion In Wall street seemed to have set
tled down to a conviction that industrial
reaction and an . economic crisis were
foreshadowed. These Bloomy forebodings
find ho indorsement from trade authori
ties. Reaction is admitted, but the ad
missions are accompanied by assurances
that the normal demand for products Is
undisturbed and awaiting supply at a nor
mal price level, which had been exceeded
in the boom period.
It Is believed that many margined ac
counts which were tided over the sum
mer weakness in the stock market on
condition that they would be liquidated
at the first favorable opportunity havo
been forced to sale. Some of the col
lateral taken over by banks and other*
from firms is also said to have come upen
the market. But It is evident, notwith
standing reassuring statements, that pro
found distrust and apprehension have
taken hold of the speculators.
Bonds have declined in sympathy with,
stocks.
Mrs., M. M. Estee, wife of Judge Estee,
who has been visiting her daughter, Mrs.
Charles Deering, was also among the
homegolrfg passengers.
Others were: W. G. Ashley, Miss A. F.
Beard, Harold Boulton, Mrs. Boulton,
Miss E. Boulton, S. B. Boulton and ser
vant, J. F. Bowler, Miss H. J. Brierley,
J. A. Buck, J. A. Buck Jr., "Walter Buck,
Miss M. A. Chamberlain, Captain B. C.
Chapman, Master John Chapman, W. J.
Colburn, J. M. Collins, Mrs.' C. S. Crane,
A. W. Dawson, W. E. Devereux, E. T.
Dow, S. C. Dwight, Mrs. M. M. Estee,
J. Feusier, Mrs. J. C. L. Fish, J. H. Ful
ler, Judge C. A. Galbraith, Mrs. Gal
braith.NC A. Graham, C. Grange, Mrs.
Grange, D. H. Haurahan, Mrs. J. H. Hig
gins, T. Hoffman. J. F. Humburg,
Mrs. Humburg. Mrs. F. M. Husted, A.
Jarger. L. T. Kenake, Mrs. Kenake, Miss
E. Kreutzmann. C. McLennan, Mrs. Mc-
Lennan, Miss McLennan, Miss I. Poston,
Mrs, F. A. Potter, Mrs. R. T. Roberts,
Captain J. B. Searle, Mrs. Searle, Miss E.
Searle, Mrs. F. "W. Smith, Mrs. M. R.
Smith, Miss E. Swett. Mrs. F. E. Valen
tine and C. L. "Wight.
The - Oceanlo Steamship Company's
steamer Alameda sailed promptly at 11
a. m- ; yesterday for Honolulu. She car
ried a large passenger Hat and a good
sized cargo of general. merchandise.
Among the passengers was C. I* Wight,
president of the> "Wilder Steamship Com
pany, who came up from the islands to
inspect the new steamer that is being
built here for that company to do service
between Hawaii and adjacent islands.
Captain L. T. Kenake, the deputy post
master of Honolulu, and his bride were
also on the list.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr Gros
ser Kurfurst, from New York, for Cherbourg
and Bremen, and proceeded.
ANTWERP — Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr Finland,
for New York:
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed, Sept 26 — Stmr Ced
ric and atmr Armenian, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Sept 28 — Stmr New
York, for New York, via Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Bla
chcr. from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg, and proceeded.
Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr New York, for New
Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Siberian,
from Philadelphia, via St Johns, N F; stmr
Sicilian, from Montreal.
NAPLES — Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Prlnzess
Irene, from New York, via Genoa.
Arrived Sent 26 — Stmr Calabria, from New
York. '¦
LONDON — Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr Mesaba, for
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Stat
endam, front Nets York.
Balled Sept 20— Stmr Potsdam, for New
York.
HAVRE — Sailed Sept 20— Stmr La Touralne,
for New York. ; _• ¦
NEW YORK— Arrived S«pt 26 — Stmr Arabic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed Sept 26— Stmr Umbria. for Liverpool;
stmr Minneapolis, for London; stmr Kroon
land,-for Antwerp: stmr La hn. for Genoa and
Naples; stmr Bremen, -for Bremen; stmr As
toria, for Glasgow. . ¦
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr Etruria,
lor New York, - -
CARDIFF— Sailed Sept 15— Br Btmr Castle,
ton. for Acapulco.
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 2 — Br etmr Deu
calion, frdm Antwerp. .
Arrived prior to Sept 26 — Stmr Empress of
China, from Vancouver, B C, via Yokohama.
Arrived prior to Sept 26— Stmr America
Maru, from San Franciico, via Honolulu, Yo
kohama, etc. *~ _"¦ ¦/_'.
Q.UEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept 26 — Br bark
Donna Francises, from Oreson.
GLASGOW— Sailed Sept 25 — Br ship Hougo
ment, for Vancouver.
SHANGHAI — Arrived prior to Sept 26 — Er
stmr Richmond Castle, from New York, for
Manila. ¦ -'."'
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Bept 26—
Stmr Indravelli. from Portland. Or. for Hong
kong; stmr Korea, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong; stmr Rlojun Maru.
from Seattle, for Hongkong:.
SHIMONOSEKI— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Ivy
dene from Port Gamble, via Shanghai. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 25— -Fr bark
Chateau d'If. hence April 2S.
SAMARANG — Sailed Aug 8— Aus stmr Kobe,
for Vancouver.
VALPARAISO — Sailed Sept . 10 — Ger stmr
Numantia, for Hamburg .
ANTWERP— In port Sept 15— Br ahlp Epeke,
for San Francisco; Ger bark Altalr, for San
Francisco.
TABLE BAY — Arrived Sept 25 — Fr bark
Hoche. from Tacoma. ; -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 26 — Br stmr Mo
ana, from Vancouver, for Brisbane.
KAHULUI-t-Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr Nevadax*.
from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 26— Bktn Bka
git. for Port Ludlow.
REDONDO — Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr Signal,
for San Francisco. .
Arrived Sept 26 — Stmr Redondo. hence. Sept
24; BChr J M Colman, from Columbia River.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 25, 8:15 p m— Stmr
Callfornlan, for San Francisco, to load for New
York.
Arrived Sept 25 — Schr Admiral, from San
Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed out Sept 28 — Schr Cama
no, for San Francisco: achr Helene, for San
Francisco; bark Prussia, for San Francisco;
Br etmr" Wyefleld. for Ban Francisco; atmr
Callfornlan, for San Francisco.
PasBed In Sept 26— Stmr Columbine, far Pu
get Sound.
Passed In Sept 26 — Br ship Dunfermllne.
from Shanghai; Br stmr Wellington, hence
Sept 23, for Ladysmlth.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 25— Ger ship Niobe,
from Antwerp; echr Volante, from Coqullle
Arrived Sept 28-^-Stmrs Al-Kl and Dlrigo,
from Alaska. f
- Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 26 — Schr R W
Bartlett, from Columbia River; stmr Sequoia,
from Eureka; Btmr Santa Monica, hence 23U.
Sailed SeDt 26— Stmr San Gabriel, for San
Francisco. . _
ST MICHAEL — In port Sept 17 — Stmrs Daw
son City, \V H Isom and John Cudahy.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 26 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Sept 25.
Sailed Sept 26— Stmrs Iaqua and Arctio, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Sept 26—
Stmrs Dirigo and Al-Kl. from Skagway, for
Passed in Sept 26 — Bktn Georglna, from
Shanghai. %
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 24—
Stmr Alcatraz, from Mendoclno.
WESTrORT— Sailed Sept 26— Stmr News
boy, for San Francisco. *
MENDOCINO — Sailed Sept 2ft— Stmr Phoe
nix, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Sept 26— Stmr Centra
lla, for San Francisco; schr Wm Bowden, for
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 24— Schr
Nokomls. hence Sept 8.
Sailed Sept 25 — Schr A F Coates. for Re
dondo: schr H D Bendixsen. for San Pedro:
schr Espada. for San Pedro. Sept 26— Schr
Falcon, for San Francisco; stmr Centralia, for
a BANDON— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Chico,
hence Sept 22.
COOS BAY — Arrived Sept 26 — Schr Ivy.
hence Sept 13; etmr Arcata, hence Sept 22.
Sailed Sept 26 — Schr San Buenaventura, for
a WILLAPA HARBOR— Arrived Sept 25— Schr
Sausallto. hence Sept 13.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT I/OBOS, S«pt 26, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
Sept 5, lat 29 N, Ion 135 W, Br ship River
Indus, from Port Blakeley, for Fremantle.
Per Br ship Norma— Sept 18. lat 41 30 N,
Ion 136 48 W. Br ship Annasona, hence Sept
6, for Eureka; all well.
/ i TELEGRAPHIC
way ports,
Btmr James Dollar, Thwing, Seattle.
Btmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, Coos Bay and
Portland.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Badger, Ventura.
Stmr Newburg. Anflndsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Noyo. EUefsen, Fort Braggr.
Btmr San Pedro. Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr San Mateo, Ross. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
Etmr Acme, Lundquist. Sluslaw River, with,
schr Abb<o In tow.
Ger stmr Uarda, Fetersen, Hambunt, via.
Nanalmo.
Schr Endeavor, McAlman, Port TownaenO.
Schr Fortuna, Erlksen, Eureka.
Schr Honolpu, Reid, Grays Harbor.
Schr Abbie, Larsen, Mendoclno, In tow or
stmr Acme.
Schr Jennie The! in, Mathison. Coos Bar.
SPOKEN.
Articles of Incorporation were filed yes
terday In the County Clerk's offlco by the
San Francisco and Southern Railway
Company, with. a capital stock of $3,000,000.
Of this amount the sum of $110,000 Was
subscribed by the following directors:
Charles F. O'Callahan, I*. Foster Young,
George H. Foulks, Daniel O'Callahan and
Leon E. Prescott ;
Charles F. O'Callahan, the attorney who
was elected president of tlfei board of di
rectors, subscribed for $103,000, or practi
cally the entire amount Issued. He stated
yesterday that while at this time, he did
not care to go into details, he admitted
that certain well known New York capi
talists whom he represents had under
taken the project outlined In the articles
of incorporation with the intention of con
structing a road as soon as the franchises
granting permission to do so were passed.
He said that, while the road presented
many engineering difficulties, it would
open up a picturesque and extremely fer
tile section, which should in time afford
the company a fair revenue.
The road is to be standard gauga and
fully equipped with every modern im
provement.
Commencing at a tidewater terminal
near the Union Iron "Works the route will
be via Colma. San Pedro, Halfmoon Bay
and Pescadero to Santa Cruz, which will
be the present terminus.
o ¦:¦':'! i-M-M'M i m ¦: 1 1 1 1 1 1 i w
Notwithstanding Reassuring
Reports They Fear Eco
nomical Crisis.
Fleet in the Lower Bay Is
Increased ,by New
Arrivals.
Construction Will Begin as
Soon as Franchises
Are Obtained.
Among Passengers Are
Many Well-Known
Islanders.
Wall - Street Investors
Are Pilled With Ap
prehension.
Local Corporation Is
Planning New Road
Down Coast.
ALAU SAILS
FOR HONOLULU
FROM THE BAY
T0 SANTA CRUZ
STOCK MARKET
IS UNSTTLED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
TO ARRIVE.
43
brother of Ivor Bell, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, agtd 13 years 4 months and 11 days.
(n?"l r rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. . Inter-
ment. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
CAMPION— In this city. September 25. 1903,
John F. Campion, beloved father of Julia,
Alice and Edward Campion, and brother of
Mrs. Ann Lacy and James Campion, a na-
tive of County Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 37
years 9 months and 2 days. J;
CLERKIN — Near Pike City, Sierra County,
September 20, 1903, Philip Clerkln, a native
of New York, aged 71 years 10 months and
15 days.
DAVIS— In this city. September 2G. 1903, Es-
ther, beloved wife of Ben Davis, and mother
of Sadie and Cora Davis, a native of St.
Louis, Mo., aged 37 years 5 months and 8
days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from. her late resi-
dence, 10*27 Polk street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.— -
DROLET— In this city. September 26, 1003,
entered into rest at hi* residence, 49 Val-
paraiso street, Slxto Thomas Drolet, beloved
son of Mrs. Johanna Drolet. and brother of
Mrs. John Barton. Mrs. J. F. Post, Mrs. C
Rogers, Mrs. Aicher. Mrs. W. Thomson,
Mrs. S. V. Bunner, Mrs. E. Llnstrom and
the late John E. Drolet, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years 4 months and 2
days.
icyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
September 28, 1003, at 9 o'clock, at St. FraJi-
cls Church, where a high requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
terment private at Holy Cross Cemetery.
DWYER— In this city. September 25. 1903,
Mary E., beloved wife of the late Timothy
Dwyer, and mother of Mrs. William Mc-
Philllps, Mrs. Laura Reardon and the late
Mrs. Margaret Goodhue, a native of Ktl'
larney. County Kerry, Ireland. (Cambridge,
Mass., papers please copy.)
C3*Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 210 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ELLIS— September 24, 1903, Joshua Carmen,
husband of Emlte P. Ellis, a native of Wil-
mington. Ohio, aged 76 years.
FLANNELLY — A solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated Monday, September 28, at 8
o'clock, at Mission Dolores Church, for the
late Ann Flannelly. Friends are invited to
attend.
GOODALE— In Oakland. September 26. 1003,
Dr. John Reed Goodale, beloved husband of
Adelaide E. Goodale, and father of Mrs.
William A. Townsend of Oakland and Mr3.
¦W. W. Fogg of Oroville. a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 67 years 7 months and 23
days.
ETTVlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence. 949 Union street. West Oak-
' land. Interment private.
GUTTERMANN— In this city. September 26,
1903, Lena Guttermann. elster of Richard
Guttcrniann of New Mexico, a native of Ger-
many, aged 46 years. A member of New
Century Circle No. 513, Companions of tha
Forest of America.
E7Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of New Century Circle No. 613, Com-
panions of the Forest of America, are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HALEY — An anniversary solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated to-morrow (Monday), j
at 8 o'clock, for the reposj <?f the soul of the '
late William Haley at Holy Cross Church,
Scott and Eddy streets. Friends - are re- i
spectfully invited to attend.
HALL — In Halfmoon Bay, September 26, 1903,
Ervln Milton Hall, son of Niels Henry and
Helml Hall.
[CThe remains will be at 140 Chenery
etreet after 4 p. m. Sunday. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
HILPERT— In this city, September 25. 1903.
John E., beloved husband of Josephine Hil-
pert, loving father of Charles, Alice, John i
and Edith Hilpert, and son of the late John
M. and Ann Hilpert, a native of New York, j
aged 4S years. (New York and Hamburg
papers please copy.)
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sun£:»y), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUNT — In Oakland, September 26, 1903, Cart-
ton, son of Walter W. and Maud F. Hunt,
a native of Oakland, aged 2 years.
KELLY— In this city, September 25, 1903,
Thomas, dearly beloved eon of Michael and
Anne Kelly, dearly beloved brother of Pat-
rick and Mary A. Kelly, nephew of Mrs.
Catherine McGuIre and Mrs. Mary Duffy,
and cousin of Peter J. Kelly, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 25 years.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the • funeral to-day
(Sunday), at noon, from the parlors of tho
Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Teresa's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TO the officers and members -of Division No.
9, Ancient Order of Hibernians — The offi-
cers and members of Division No. 9, A. O.
H. in A., are hereby notified to assemble at
the parlors of the tPaclnc Undertakers, 777
Mission street, to-day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock,
with mourning badge, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Thomas Kelly. By order
JAMES C. DALY. President.
P. FLANAGAN, Secretary.
LEO Assembly No. 4, Young Men's Catholic
Union — Officers and members of the above
assembly are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Thomas Kelly,
to-day (Sunday), at noon, from 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church, Po-
trero, for services at 1 o'clock.
JAMES CALLAN, President.
JOHN T. BURNS, Rec. Sec.
KROHN— In this city, September 25, 1003,
Fred H., dearly beloved husband of Anna
Krohn, and father of Henry, F^riedrlch and
Mildred Krohn, a native of. Pommen, Ger-
many, aged 54 years and 7 days. A mem-
ber of Eureka Lodge No. 9, K. of P.. and
Beer Drivers' Protective Union.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 515 Ash avenue, between Fulton
and McAllister, Octavla and Laguna streets,
thence to Knights of Pythias' Hall. 909 Mar-
ket street, where services will be held under
the auspices of Eureka Lodge No. 9, K. of
P., commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LANTERI— In this city, September 26. 1803,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Lanterl, and brother of Mrs. A. C. Eftnith
of Oakland, a native of Italy, aged 55 years
and 10 days.
LESS — In this city, September 25, 5903, Mu-
riel, beloved daughter of Leopold and Rlsel
Lesx, a native of San Francisco, aged i!
years 10 months and U days.
E/"TJie funeral services will take place to-
day (Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, at the Dor-
chester Hotel, corner Sutter and Oough
etreets. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11 o'clock train. (
McMAHON— In this city. September 28. 1903. v
Eleanor Haverin, dearly, beloved wife of
John Joseph McMahon. and devoted mother
of Mrs. J. H. Lewis. Mrs. Henry C. Luck-
man and the late Mrs. Alice Dugan, a native
of Coal Island, County Tyrone, Ireland.
(New York and New Jersey papers please
copy.)
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
morning, September 29, 1903, at 9:15 o'clock,
from the residence of her daughter, ¦ Mrs.
Henry C. Luckman, 20 Hardy street, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMAHON — A month's mind mass will be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral to-mor-
row (Monday), at 9 o'clock, for the repose ot
the soul of the late Thomas McMahon.
Friends are invited to attend.
MAILLIARD— In this city. September 24, 1003,
Rena Hort, daughter of Joseph Mallliard,
and granddaughter of M. M. and Harriet
F. Toznpklns. (New York, Philadelphia and
Boston papers please copy.)
PARSONS— In this city, September 25. 1903
William Clalr, beloved child of Edward B.
and Anna Parsons, and brother of Leslie
Parsons, a native of California, aged 6
months and 15 days.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 27, 1803, at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company. 247S Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
PATTEN — In this city, September 26. 1903,
Georgia L. Patten, a native of Portland. Me.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, • Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South 80. -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmera.— — _
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 8C6 MISSION. Tel. South ieT. .
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth 3t.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry, Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO Baaei »-
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
. Funeral Directors and Embalmera.——
,,- , 214 Eddy st. : Tel. South 576. -, .
F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-234.1 MJseIod et. Telephone Mission 31.
PERSOSAH. j
MANUFACTURER of ribbons and cigar bands
will make 100 silk ribbons. twenty-Jive dif-
ferent shades and colors twenty inches long
ana one inch wide, only two bearing the
same name, used for fancy pillow work, or |
TOO assorted cigar bands every one having
different name, considered the finest on the !
market for ornament work, fl each or $2
for both ; 1 and 2 cent etamps accepted. Na-
tional Ribbon Cigar Band Co P O box
355, Oakland. Cal. / "
WHAT is psychology? It Is the ecience of the
soul. What is psycho-thcrapuetics? It Is
the soul power healing the body. Dally prac-
tice leads the mind out of darkness into eun-
jhlne. Rives health, happiness and success.
Lessons given, written or verbally. $1 and $2.
MRS. ELSIE D. LASHER, 2510 Sutter St.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkle*, yellow and nabby skin, birthmarks,
fmallpox plttings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicicet; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
EPECIAL— Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your o«rn
hctne, removing wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing skin cif ar and smooth; to be had only at
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 Q'Farreil st. .
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its gr.~wth,s*.ops falllng,ctire« dandnia
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses sca'p; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
c«pt no ¦.ubctitutc. Star RenHsdyCo..385Ceary.
I. PETER FALLER. will not be responsible
for any debts incurred by my wife. AMY
FALLER, she having left my bed and board.
P. FALLER.
RAG "carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs." silk portieres: dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
NOT how cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arent. 1021 Market st.
Piil'KlCIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently mcrrhine. cocaine habit. , Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
: ccrner Sutler wt. ; fee moderate.
MARRIAGE directory; free to all; pay when
married; new plan; send no money. For par-
I tieulars. address H. A. HORTON, dept. 143.
Tekonfeha. Mich.
BRAWN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the imperial University HospitaJ, Vienna-
Office 224 Starr-King bldg., 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 210.
GENTLEMAN of means would like to get ac-
quainted with refined and talented young
lady; object matrimony. Box 1659. Call.
A GENTLEMAN wants to form the acquain-
tance of California lady; object matrimony.
Address box 1800, Call office.
LADIES are guaranteed full busts by use of
the great Memmalene; treatise sent for 40.
Mammalene Co., P. O. box 2013. S. F.
"EPHPHATHA"; one (free) treatment wondei-
fully benefits total deafness; deaf mutes.
Physicians, box J(X>t. Call office.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has r«-
moved his Office from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms S73 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium). 1
HAIRDRESEIKG In all branches taught: $3 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Halrdresslng Parlors,
102fi Market St.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Tcutonla Hall, Howard
i tt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
j BED- WETTING cured; package of Pen-ine.
direction and booklet mailed free. Missouri
Remedy Co., Dept. 020, St. Louis. Mo.
AT 1ms than ccst. uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS, 11Z7
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton.
ALL etyler halrdreeslng 25c; hair goods; manl-
ciirtng. 25c. Q. LKDERER. 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE suit 17 50; dress pants $2 5a
Mlrflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALTREDl'M'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; SI; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric ne«-<5!e Mm. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PAPEItIIAXGI.\G. PAI.VTIAG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. S3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31» 3d st. ;tel. Main 413.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMEBIKO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire. Into wonderful cures: home cura.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following: marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Ernest Wilson. 21, Palo Alto, and Bertha
A. Noltemcier, 18, city.
Gunder Svensen, 28, 68 Portola street, and
Anna Olsen, 23, CS Portola street.
Nils G. Nilsen, SO, 22S East etreet, and
Rose A. Gavin. 27, 206 Moulton Ftreet.
George Mattey, 24, Lafayette, Or., and May
O. Wilson, 17, 1011 Tonquln street.
William Fisher. 34, -573 Minna street, and
Mary A. Rhoton, 32. 452 Minna 6treet.
George W. Fischer. 29. 0 Willow avenue, "and
Leonle Jung, 23, 225 Drujnm street.
Adam Kullmann, 23, 12i5^4 Mission street,
and Flora Abrlrl, 20, 1215^ Mission street.
Frederick J. Hotter, 29. t>29 Connecticut
etreet, and Louise Gerkln, 37, 1310 Kearny St.-
Harvle A. Brooklns, 20, Livermore. and Pau-
lina Graggere, 1U, Livennore,
Michael C. Clinton, 25, Vallejo, and Amanda
Jess, 22, Pinole.
Walter W. Wreman, 27. 309 Sutter street,
and Catherine Collins, 21, 773 Pine street.
Charles J. Vail. 21, 453 Fourteenth street,
and Alice, M. Fegan, 18. 616 McAllister street.
Henry W. Haselbusch; 29, Biggs, and Ida
E. Johnson, 23, Chico.
John Field, 32, city, and Hannah ' Kelleher,
23, city.
Baptiste Grody, 27. 2023 Sutler street, and
Hortense Laurech. 17. 2023 Sutter street.
Joseph R, Laughrey. 27, 1746 Ellis street,
and Lucy G. Marcus, 27, Livermore.
Charles F. Brown, 22, , 2455 Mission street.
and Lottie L. Cuiens. 17, 244 Lealngton ave.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the Bame published.
BORN.
BLAKE — In Berkeley. - Cal.. September 17.
1903, to tha wife of Sherman T. Blake, a
daughter."
CHRISTIANSEN— In Oakland, September 14,
1903, to the wife of J. .P. Christiansen, a
son.
GILSON In Oakland. September 24, 1903, to
the wife of Cass L. Gilson. a daughter.
GOTT— In this City. September 15. 1903, to tbt
wife of Willis L. Gott (nee Murray), a
daughter.
HOLZKAMP— In this city. September 17, 1003.
to the wife of Charles C. Holzkamp, a son.
LUND— In Oakland. September 17, 1903. to the
wife of William J. Lund, a daughter.
McCOLLUM — la this city, September 21. 1903.
1903, to . the wife of Herbert McColIum. a
son. ' • ¦
McOINNIS— In this city, September 20. 1903,
to the wife of Hugh J. McGlnnls, a son.
MEDINA— In this city, September 23, 1903, to
the wife of "William T. Medina, a daughter.
MICHAELS— In this city. September 25, 1903.
to the wife of Edward Michaels, a daughter.
MINO — In Oakland. September 22, 1003, to tha
wife of Am lei Mlno, a son.
MURPHY— In Oakland. September 14, 1003, to
the wife of Elmer F. Murphy, a son.
RICHARDSON — In this city, September" 16,
1603, to the wife of D. L. Richardson (nee
Powere). a daughter.
SHERIDAN— In this city; September IS, 1903,
to the wife of James P. Sheridan, a daugh-
ter.
TENCH— In Oakland. September 23, 1903, to
the wife of Richard S. Tench, a son.
THACKER— In Oakland. September 25. 1803,
to tbe wife of J. W. Thacker, a son. —
MARRIED.
DUREIN — FLUHR — In this • city. September
23 1903. by the Rev. L. C. Sanford. John
Louis Durein and Alice Elizabeth Fluhr.
REGAN— McCULLOUGH— In this city, Sep-
tember. 0, 1003. by the Rev. Father Horan,
Daniel P. Regan and Grace C. McCulIough,
both of San Francisco.
DEED. ~~ "~~
Bell, Raymond Krohn, Fred H.
Campion, John F. Lanterl, Joseph
Clerkln. Philip. , Less. Muriel •
Davis. Esther >/ McMahon, Eleanor
Drolet. Slxto T. McMahon, Thomas
Dwyer, Mary E. - MailHard. Rena H.
Ellis,. Joshua C. Parsons. Wm. C.
Flannelly. Ann Patten, Georgle L.
Goodale, Dr. J. R. Powers, Alta M.
Guttennann. Lena Rablin, Lavlnla
Haley, William Redding; Ella F. M.
Hall, Ervln M. Ehevlin. Thomas
Hilpert, John E. . Stuart. James F.
Hunt. Carlton ' Sullivan, Jerome J.
Kelly. Thomas ' Warnes, John A.
.^ njj ' EDUCATIONAL.
, HEA.LD.-s i BUSlN^sTT^oTuioXirT^oTtTsT
. * .— Bookkeeping, shorthand, u.uch typmc.
language*, telegraphy. En E !ish branche*;
cay end night bcmsIom; lih.«. catalogue free.
A l-H E i;' Ui * ltaii :nK Lutintss ccliese, 123 Mal-
Ket et. ; special f=urr.rn*-r course in all depart-
n L7 1 •« handsome catalogue free; n»e scholar-
»"'P. g>«0; day acd evening sessions.
r '^^ 1K V IiNlA 1Su * :n^s College. U03 Larkln «t.
a thorough school"; positions st-cured for
jr-acuates; modern trethods; individual ln-
* traction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
• HE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
, « university, law and medical colleges;
r«r.. 1 resident Jordan or any Stanford pro-
-eggor; day, evening sessions. Phelaa bldg.
HINMAJTS Academy; a thorough school of
jiancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
b^* e « a Pine and California; both adult and
cniiarec s classes are now cp»n for the season.
INSTRUCTION given In the game of scientific
wiilst; also in bri<Js« whist. Call, write or
telephone MJIS. M. S. JEXKS, Ansonia
araniaents. 408 Stockton; private ex. 422.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market Bt.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
. cay & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
PRIVATE lessons given to purils behind In
grammar grade work. Further particulars,
address box 1779. Call office.
HEALD'S School cf Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
ct.. 6. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min., mech., sur-
vey, aseay. cyanide; day, e\ - e. ; est. 18S4. Van
<ler Naf.len School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
I3ANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
- »t., near Xinth: management Prof. Foster.
GOLDEN Gate Cora'l College. 330 Golden Oate
. ave.; fuH business course; day ana evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINOTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; S5 m o. 1Q24 Misslon.nr.6th.
THE '-Kinpfland Art Shop"' opens Oct. 1, cor-
net Haipht and Devisadero Ets.
WHITTLING lessons. M. GERTRUDE JUDD
7^ Geary Ft.; phone Hyde 933.
KENT Law School; Jay and n!cht; send for j
particulars. 554 Parrott building.
BANJO, guitar, mandolin; two hours, 25c. 317
Gcugh Ft., near Hayes.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
• Plttman fhorthsnd. typing, bookpir.. $8 mo.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
* cular. G. H..UMI3SEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
¦A. — HOTTSE8 and flats to let: as immense list:
•rrvice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will lave you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
' ~~ ~~ TO LET.
HEALTH RESORT.
8-«tory house of S rooois, fronting: boulevard;
ir.arlne view; et iv"^jk?l rent.
Also 2 s*ts ban £* Forty-eighth; cheap.
JACOB HETMAN <V-XPANY.
2j 117 Sutter st.
A NETS' elegant Paclflc-ave. residence to lease.
14 rooms and 2 . baths; hardwood floors
throughout; furnace range and every modern
convenience: unobstructed marine view.
FHATNWALD. BVCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 j
Montprr.mery ft. j
CALL for rrlnted Ilet of houses and Cats to
let. . Something new every day. Will find
what you want. LYON & HOAG, 116 Mont-
rotnery ft.
FELL. 605 — Sunny house, 6 rooms and bath;
targe yard: rent !?3?>.
BOCSJSa TO LET 1LHMMIEO.
A CHARMING 7-roora home, completely fur-
riifced with elegant taste; reception hall.
_piano. garden; fine baeemer.t: 12-1 Lyon St.,
mar Oak. on the Park Panhandle; open for
inspection to-day from 2 to 4 o'clock; rent
$C5. Apply on premises to-day or to BALD-
WIN & HOW ELI*
Ft'RN'ISHEO house to let at reduced rent; 10
rooms and bath, with stable. 2C2S Folsom
ct.; apply on premises.
OAK. 419 — Kleg-antty furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 bath*; large garden; grand view.
NATOMA. UM46. near Fifteenth — Cottage 3
furn1fa£ed rooms and yartU cheap rent.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses i
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post et. !
ilOl >i:S FUIXIMIED FOR SALE.
rOR F.\:,r — Elegant new furniture S rooms;
new carpet* and blinds left with rooms if
buyer desires to rent. Call from 12 to 6 to-
gay. 1127 OFarrfll st.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished house (no flat), not
less than seven rooms; Western Addition;
rent not to exceed $00 per month. Box 1C51.
Call office.
LOST A.\B FOUND.
LO6T — Friday, a brown walrus purse, silver
mounted, with a chain, containing a. $2O
greenback and Rime change; liberal rewarj
if returned to CO Walnut st. ; phone West 3%.
LOPT— Yellow Collie dos. with 4 white feet; I
also white Fr-ot en neck: has collar with
BifUd rlns: reward $3. Return to 1312 Pow-
ell tt.
LOST — Locket with G. engraved in stone on
one *ifle; reward $5. J. G. GOETZE, Stand-
ard Biscuit Co., Frost and Pacific st.
LOST— Diamond ring at Lick Baths; reward
f20. Return to 1410 Market st.
IT will pay to •"Remember" that the California.
Watch Caee Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received Et Call branch efflce. 2200 Fillmore.
MILLIXEKY.
LADIEF, you are invited to Tislt my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
New Ycrk hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE acaual meeting of the lot owners of tht
Ofifl Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day, September 2S, 1903, at 2 p. m., at the
office cf the association. Point Lobos ave.,
fcr the election of four trustees, etc. By
crde.r cf the beard of trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ. President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
ITOTTCE is hereby given that the. Transfer
Books for the transfer of etock of The Bank
of California will be closed September 18.
1003. at 3 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order ot the
Board ot Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAT. Secretary.
September 3. 1903.
DR. A_ E. NEUMEISTER, Burgeon — Special
attention riven to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. M3-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary et.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
lAdies! Chi Chester* s English Pennyroyal Pills
are be»t; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mail. Ask your drug-giit.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
PENSION attorney; M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st.,
San Francisco: 14 years' experience.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cente — The "Weekly Call.
1C pare*. In wrerr p »". for mailing. ?1 per year.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS aT^NOISES m EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Setter st.
feEWING MACHINES ASD SUPI'LIEH
WHITE sewing machine B of all styles and
prt-es.
CHAIN STITCH
LOCK STITCH COMBINATION.
HEM STITCH
Have you seen our lat* style automatic UftT
We rent cr sell on tssy payments.
For free trial phone Black UOfl. 3'rt) Post st..
Ban Francisco, or phone Erush 531. 470 13th
¦t.. Oaklcud. or 1S41 Fillmore st.. 8. F.
We want eewlng machine men. Come and
have a talk with us— we could use a good
closer. j
NEW Homb tewing macniiio, ihls week only,
$10. $15. $20: elightly used: needles 20c do*.
NEW HOME R M. CO.. 1051 Market gt.
STORAGE ASD WVKBHOISES.
A— EMPORIUM Etcrare & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods etored. moved, shipped. 725-
721 Howaxd et.. near Third; phone Grant 161
Pl'ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & M ° v ? n * Co.. of-
flcV Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. C71.
CONKLIN'B storagelTFurnlture and merchan-
£1,l*. 813 Golden Gate tt v«.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN We*t Storage; advances made: 8 JO
Mission «t-; tel. Howard -Ml. F. W. Zehfuss.
FaCIFIC Storage ana Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore gt.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«.; teL lfialn 1M0. Khlpplrs at mt ratea *
1 RAILWAY TRAVEL. v-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
railway cowAznr.
Tilmron Perry, root ol Market St.
BJLS rBAXCXSCO TO SA2T SATASXi.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 9:0O, 11:00 a. m.; 12:83.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30- p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAEL TO 8AV TBAVCXSOO.
WEEK DAYS— «:08, 7:33. T:5O. 0:20, 11:15
-a. m. : 12:50. 3:40. B:0O. 5:tO p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40,
4:53, 6:00, g:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francl3co.| Sept. 27, 1903. |j3an Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Uon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a! 3:4Oa
0:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:S0p 8:30 p «:C5p| 6:20 p
5:10p 8:00p 7:33 p|
7:30 a! 9:10 a 8:40 a
I 9 :0O a N'ovato. 10:40 a. 10:20 a
3:30 p, 9:30 a Petaluma «:05 p 6:20 D
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7 -30 a 110:40 a 10:20 a
¦ 8:00 a Fulton. f 7:35 p 0:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p 1
Windsor. .¦¦» t '. I
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburg, 10:10a 10:20a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
| Cloverdale.
?-30a|S:0Oa] Hopland [10: to a 10:20 a
3:30pj 3:30 p| and Ukiah. t 7:33 p) «:a»p
7:30 a[ 8:00 a| WUllt*. | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:C0a! — JiO:40a!lO:20a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| Guemevllle. j 7:33 pj 6:1* p
7:30 al 8:COa| Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Elian. | 0:05 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a[ 110:40 a!10:2O a
3:30 p! 3:30 p Sehastopol. | 7:33 p| 6:20~p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Baa
Quentln: at Santa Hosa. for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs: at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for Ska?gs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kel?eyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Sprinics: at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs,- Saratoga Springs. Bine Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprinsrs. Upper Lake. Poico.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Coraptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragsr,
Westport. Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle.- Curcmtngs, Bell's Springs, IlarcU. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets .to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chrosteto
touildinz-
H. C. WHTTtNO. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Qen. Pass, Act. I
" 1
POWERS — In Oakland, September 26, 1903.
Alta.M.,' beloved wife of Oliver Powers, a
native of Ohio, aged 23 years and 24 days.
RABLIN— In this city, September 26. 1903,
Lavlnla, beloved wife of the lats William
Rablin, a native of Cornwall, England, aged
83 years 1' month and 15 days.
REDDING — In Menlo Park, Cat., September
20, 1003, Ella F. M. Redding, wife of Albert
P. Redding, and daughter of the late George
W. and Harriet E. Moore, a native of Sac-
ramento, Cal.
E7"Funeral services at chapel, ' Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, Monday, September 28, at
10 o'clock. Interment private.
6HEVLIN— In this city, September 24, 1003,
Thomas Shevlln, beloved brother of Cath-
erine Shevlin and Mrs. Peter Rlddell, a na-
tive of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 49
years. A member of the Riggers' and Steve-
dores' Union Association. Local 222. I. L. M.
and T. A.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral • Sunday,
September 27, at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. • Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
STUART— In this city, September 24, 1903,
James F., beloved husband of Mary Stuart,
and father of James Jr. and J. T. 8tuart
and Mrs. Annie F. Hanly, a native of Glas-
gow. Scotland, aged 76 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, September 25, 1903,
Jerome J., dearly beloved eon of Catherine
and the late Jeremiah Sullivan, and beloved
brother of Mary, Denis, John, Alice and
Frank Sullivan, a native of Virginia City,
Nev., aged 24 years 0 months and 13 days.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2 Bowie avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ci"oss Cemetery.
WARNES— In this- city, September . 26, 1903,
John A. Warnes, beloved son of Laura Bor-
gerson, and brother of Lawrence, Peter,
Oscar, Hanna, Katie, Winnie and Cora
Warnes and Mrs. N. Lyons, a - native of
Norway, aged 22 years. A member of Rig-
gers' and Stevedores' Union Association, Lo-
cal 222, I. L. M. and TV A., and Bald Eagla
Tribe No. 75, Improved Order of Red Men.
C7 Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, £66 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
iftiBatji^ifHUKJiWii?!^Frank Lacy, a "dope fiend," went to
the Central police station on Friday even
ing and asked that some one arrest him.
as he was afraid he would either kill
himself or • somebody ¦ else. He pulled a
loaded revolver out of his pocket and
placed it on the desk. He was booked
at the City Prison for vagrancy and car
rying a concealed weapon and yesterday
Police Judge Mogan obliged him by send
ing him to the County Jail for.slxty days.
Asked to Be Sent to Jail.
The league has a force of eight men em
ployed, most of whom were born and
reared within sound of the mission's bell,
and each of these has given of his labor—
his all— to the cause so dear to him. Seven
of these patriots— and they are patriots in
fact— have given*, a'' week's 'toll. But even
with such help, money, and much of it, is
needed. The lumber has been purchased
from a mill on the Santa Lucias and is
now being hauled. But when paid for the
league's treasury will , be sadly depleted.
Therefore the following circular, signed
by J. R. Knowland, chairman of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West landmarks
committee, and H. R. McNoble. grand
president of the Native Sons "of the Gold
en West, has been sent " to the various
parlors of Native. Sons in the State, hop.;
The California Historic Landmarks
League, organized two years ago, is now
actively engaged in restoring the pic
turesque old mission of San Antonio de
Padua, in Monterey County. The whole
countryside thereabouts is deeply inter
ested in the restoration of this most in
teresting structure within its boundaries—
not even excepting Carmel Mission, for
San Antonio stands apart from every
other of these famous heirlooms of pas^
toral days, not only for its wonderful
story, but for its idyllic situation and
beautiful outline.
A committee composed of representa
tives of the local parlors of the Native
Sons of the Golden West met in N. S. G.
W. building last night for the purpose
of taking steps to observe the memorial
day of the order. William M. Maguire of
Stanford Parlor was chosen chairman and
Charles A. Boldemann *of California
Parlor secretary. These were subse
quently elected permanent officers of
the committee, with W. Hazell as
vice-chairman and J. L. Crittenden as
treasurer. A committee consisting of the
officers of the meeting and L. Hirsch. H.
Levison, W. A. Peake, Fred Mayers and
T. F. Flynn was appointed to arrange for
the memorial service, which is to be held
in Native Sons' Hall October 11, at 2
o'clock in the afternoon. D. L. Fitzgerald
of Pacific Parlor, A. Block of El Capitan
Parlor and William Growney of Rincon
Parlor were appointed a committee to ar
range for the appropriate decoration of
the graves of the members of the order
who sleep in the silent cities of the dead
in this and in San Mateo counties. The
exercises will consist of an address by
the president, vocal solos, an eulogy, call
ing of the roll of the . dead and other
vocal numbers.
Native Sons' Memorial Day.
Workmen Reroofi ng San
Antonio de Padua
"Mission.
WILL RESTORE
OLD LANDMARK
Contributions sent to James A. Devoto, 62S
Montgomery street. San Francisco, or to J. R.
Knowland or H. R. McNoble wilt be duly
acknowledged.
The California Historic Landmarks League
(incorporated) was indorsed by the last Grand
Parlor, and its membership Is composed largely
of native sons and native daughters. No plans
for the restoration of any landmark are adopted
until cassed upon by competent artists ana
architects, thus insuring Intelligent restora
tion. Officers receive no remuneration. A re
port of the league's work,, as presented at the
last session of the Grand Parlor, will be made
annually.
The California Historic Landmarks League
has begun the work of rerooflng San Antonio
de Padua Mission In Monterey County— one of
the most beautiful and picturesque of the re
maining California Missions. Unless the work
can be completed before the winter rains set
In tt is feared that this valuable landmark
cannot be saved. Donations, no matter how
small, from parlors which have not already
subscribed toward the landmark work, will be
duly aprreciated.
ing that the response ¦will prevent an en
forced cessation of work:
The committee will hold a conference
with a like committee from the majority
some time to-day or to-morrow acd the
committee will report back to the dele
gates at the meeting to be held in the
California Hotel on Monday evening, half
an hour before the calling of the Demo
cratic convention in the Alhambra
Theater. If its demands are not granted
another hot fight will be held in the con
vention.
Before the delegates went Into session
the chairmen of the various delegations
met in a side room and decided that It
was their duty to pass the entire matter
up to the members of the minority/
When the delegates were called to order
the discussion began. The minority is
willing to compromise, if it gets what it
asks for. It is willing to make the nomi
nation of Franklin K. Lane unanimous
and in fact every other office on the ticket
also, if the minority Is given its Just rep
resentation on the County Committee
Under the order of business adopted by
the minority a week ago forty members
at large of the County Committee were
to be appointed by Chairman Thomas W
Hickey. The minority wants something
to say about the reorganization of the
party and it demands that it be given its
proportion of members. If its demand is
granted, and it is understood that Mc-
Nab is willing to give in for the sake of
harmony and to prevent Lane from de
clining to head the Democratic ticket, the
minority will have at least twenty mem
bers at large on the committee. The
minority further asks that it be given its
percentage of the new Supervisors to be
nominated by the convention. This would
mean three for the. "Horses and Carts."
The minority also asks *or County Clerk.
Another conference between the minor
ity and the majority of the Democratic
Municipal Convention 'will be necessary
before harmony can be established In the
party. This was found necessary last
evening, when the minority held its meet
ing In the California Hotel. There was a
goodly attendance of delegates and the
discussion was animated. Joseph E.
O'Donnell presided and the session was
an executive one. Every one who was not
a delegate was barred, excepting James
H. O'Brien, one of the leaders In the bat
tle against McNab, who was allowed to
listen to the speeches, but took no part.
Charles Wesley Reed, Eddie Graney and
a few more Democrats who are deeply in
terested in the conflict among the Bour
bons were forced to cool their heels in
the corridors.
Harmony and the Democrats Still
Seem Separated.
MINORITY MAKES DEMANDS.
Sanderson Is a Strong Candidate.
W. W. Sanderson, Republican can
didate for Supervisor, is a member of the
firm of Hooper & Jennings, grocers. Mr.
Sanderson is a well-known business man.
lie is a son of former Mayor Sanderson
and a brother of George R. Sanderson,
who died while serving his second term
as Supervisor. The W. W. Sanderson
mentioned in yesterday morning's Call Is
an attorney at law and a delegate to the
Democratic Municipal Convention. He is
spoken of as a candidate for Supervisor.
In the "event he is nominated there would
be two "W. W. Sandersons" in the field.
Commencing Sunday, September IT 1903 the
usual winter echedule on all division* of ' thi«
road will take effect.
Thl» summer's eerrtce en the California
Iv orth western Railway has been very popular
with the traveliaz public an-i won many
Ineads. .
California Northwestern Railway.
CHA2TGE IN SCHEDULE ON THE
The preliminary examination of M. L.
Eolomon and M. Hartman of the Solo
xnonson, Hartman, Solomon Company, IOC
Third street, on the charge of receiving
etolen goods was commenced before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday. Solomon was
accused of purchasing: two cases of ci
gars stolen from a Southern Pacific car
at San Bruno station and Hartman with
purchasing two cases of toys stolen from
a car near Salinas. C. A. Rutherford.
brakeman, and Charles B. Graves, his
friend, testified on the witness stand as
to the articles having been stolen by
them and sold to the defendants. The
hearing will be resumed on Wednesday.
Thieving Brakeman Testifies.
M. D. Hyde, commander in chief of the j
Army and Navy Republican League, has
requested the executive council of the or- '
ganization to meet at 415 Montgomery i
street at 2 p. m. next Saturday to deter- i
mine what action, if any, shall be taken :
by the league in this municipal cam- ¦
palgn. . I j.
The. report from the committee on order I
of business of the Republican local con
vention provided that the chairman I
should appoint a committee of five on va- f
cancies. The committee will be called ¦
upon to fill the. vacancy on the ticket
caused by Mr. Laumeister's declination.
ARMY AND NAVY LEAGUE.
There was an Impromptu meeting of a i
few of Henry J. Crocker's friends at j
United Republican League headquarters, :
16 Geary street, last evening;. The meet- j
ir.s was called to order by Robert N. !
Frick. W; J. Dutton was elected chair- i
man. . After prolonged discussion In exec
utive session the conclusion was reached '
that the call for the meeting was prema- j
ture. It was recommended that the United '
Republican League Club in each Assem |
bly District should invite all Republicans ¦
in the district to meet next Saturday :
evening and adopt measures for conduct- ;
ing a vigorous campaign for the entire
ticket. It was further suggested that !
each Assembly District Club of the party i
appoint an executive committee of six. |
This will create an executive body of 10S ¦
members.
It was resolved that a Henry J. Crocker
club should be formed Monday evening, |
October 5, and a committee as follows j
was appointed to attend to the details of
the club organization: Samuel Buckbee, ¦
A. E. Castle. M. H. Esberg and W. J.
Dutton.
Among the attendants at the impromptu j
meeting last night were P. N. Lillenthal. I
E. R. Lilienthal, Edgar Peixotto. Albert !
E. Castfe, M. Esberg, Isidore Golden, W. \
C. Van Fleet, William Irelan, George H. i
Pippy. Joseph Tharp, Henry Ach. David
Rich. John C. Lynch, E. B. Halden, Rob- j
ert "Woodward, Georg-e Knowles, R. N. ¦
Fr^pk, W. J. Dutton and Assemblyman j
Treadwell.
San Francisco. Sept. 22. 1903. |
Mr. A. Ruef. Attorney at Law, 602 Call- I
fornia street. City— My Dear Ruef: Will you '
kindly inform the members of your organiza-J
tlon committee who have in puch a friendly t
way suggested rny name for the nomination of :
Assessor on the' Republican ticket, that it will |
be absolutely impossible for me to accept a !
nomination for any office this year on account i
of pressure of business arising largely from |
the accumulated business piled up by reason
at our recent fire.
Thanking you and the other members of the j
committee for your thoughtful and cordial con- !
federation, and expressing nil' pincere hope for !
a grreat Republican victory at the coming elec- {
tlon I am, very truly yours, . :
C. S. LAUMEISTER.
HENTIY J. CROCKER CLUB.
THE OTHER LETTER.
Following Is a copy of the letter men
tioned in the foregoing communication:
San Francisco, Sept. 26, 1903.
J. E. Partridge Esq.. Chairman of the Re
publican Local Convention — Dear Sir: I high
ly appreciate the honor conferred upon me by
the nomination for Assessor unanimously and
to cordially tendered me by the Republican
convention, on September 24. 1903.
I regret to state that it will be absolutely
imiKvseible (or me to accept the. nomination
for the reasons stated by me in my letter of
September ~. addressed to members of the
Organization Committee of the United Repub
lican League who had conferred with me In
reference to mv acceptance of such nomina—
tion if tendered by the delegates. I beg leave
to inclose herewith a copy of said letter.
Congratulating the party upon the excellent
work of the convention and upon the strong
ticket presented by It to the people of San
Francisco, I am for success and victory, yours
very sincerely. C. S. LAUMEISTER.
A. Ruef requests the organization com
mittee of the United Republican League
to grant him a leave of . absence until
November 3. The request from Mr. Ruef
is in writing over his own signature and
will be considered at a meeting of the
advisory council to-morrow evening. It
is common gossip at league headquarters
that: the committee will grant the fur
lough. Should Mr. Ruef at the expira
tion of thirty-five days aek for extension
of his leave'fhe request could hardly be
denied.
Charles S. Laumeister sends the follow
ing communication to the chairman of
the Republican convention:
After the nominees for Supervisors had
been chosen the motion was carried that
the convention should adjourn until next
Thursday night, when the remaining of
fices on the ticket will be filled.
The afljoumed convention of the Union
Lfc-bor party, held in Pioneer Hall, was
slow In starting last r.'.ght, but once un
der way everything ran smoothly. Before
the meeting was an hour old John E.
McDougald. tha Republican nominee for j
Treasurer, had received the unanimous !
nomination by the Union Labor party, ;
and the eighteen Supervisors were being ;
balloted for.
When Chairman Williams called the
conx-entlon to order the roll call and read- j
lr.jr of minutes of the la«t meeting- were •
quickly dispensed with. E. J. Deaver of i
the Thirty-sixth District then arose to i
make the nomination of McDougald. His '
speech was brief and to the point, merely
citing: the respect with which the nom- ;
inee was held as president of the Marble
Cutters" Union and secretary of the Build-
In* Trades Council. When McDougald's
¦sne was mentioned the convention was
aud In its applause, and several delegates
vrero on their feet In an instant to second ;
the choice. "William Mindham of the "
Twenty-eighth and Assemblyman J. N.
Copus of the Thirty-second district were
recognized by the chair and mabe the
ec-conding speeches.
F. W. Meyer of the Fortieth then moved I
that the nominations be closed and that !
the nomination of McDougald by the con- |
ventlon be made by acclamation. Such '
¦ft as enthusiastically voiced as the will of j
the convention.
To proceed with the selection of noml- '
xiees for Supervisors the order of business
vas laid aside. Each chairman cf a dele- .
gatlon procured the ballots for his asso- 1
elates, and a recess of ten minutes was
taken for the preparation of ballots. Then
e.s the delegates' names were called they '
registered the ballots. Chairman Wil
llama appointed as tellers of the election •
Vincent Bello of the Twenty-eighth. |
James A. Wilson of the Thirtieth and C. !
A. Lovle of the Thirty-sixth District. H. ;
Menke of the Flrty-second was appointed
Judge of the election. There were 143 bal
lots cast.
From the beginning of the count it be
came evident that the slate for 'Super-!
visors had been arranged beforehand, j
The first eighteen names on the list went ;
through the count in or,e-two-three order. .
A. F. Dlssmayer cf the Thirty-first, Fred
H. Seavy of the Thirty-eighth. Timothy ;
JCyhane of the Twenty-ninth and Wash- '¦
lngton Kugler of the Forty-fourth failed I
to receive fifty votes out of the total '
number cast. The followlns is the list
ef nominees who were selected, together
with the. districts they represent:
Twenty-eighth. G. C. Vickerson; Twenty- i
ninth, T. K. Finn; Thirty-first, Charles A. '
Elskxon; Thirty-third. M. J. Kerrigan; Thirty- i
fourth. Edward I. Walsh; Thirty-sixth. E. J ;
D«aver: Thirty-ninth. Harry A. Knox; Fortieth I
Fred \T. Meyer; Forty-first. W. J. Holman; '
Forty-third. Frank Jewell; Forty-fourth. J J. '
Furey; Forty-nth, E. W. Kent; Thirty-sixth, !
M. W. CoftVy; Thirty-ninth, John Rutherford; J
Thirty-fourth, C. F. Buckley; Forty-flfth L. •
A. Rea; Thirty -eighth, James Nicol; Thl'rtv- i
third, T. J. Clancy. " j
Charles S. Laumeister De
clines Nomination for
Assessor.
Supervisors Named Without
a Contest by the
Delegates.
Initial Steps to Form
Henry J. Crocker
Club.
Labor Convention Sanc
. tioDS Republican
Choice.
J. E. M'DOUGALD
15 NOMINATED
RUEF'S REQUEST
FOR A FURLOUGH
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
overheard Clark's remarks and placed
him under arrest. He was taken to the
I City Prison and will be- returned to tha
County Jail to-day.
Prisoner Enjoys Brief Freedom.
Thomas J. Clark, an inmate of Branch
County Jail No. 2, escaped from that in
stitution yesterday afternoon while at
work with a road 'gang, but his period of
freedom was brief, as he was taken Into
custody last night in an Eighth-street
saloon by Deputy Sheriff Hollingsworth.
Clark was committed to' the County Jail
on September 5 for four months on ' a
charge of battery. , Yesterday afternoon
while at work with several other, prison
ers on the road he suddenly made a break
and disappeared in the brush. ' Last night
while loitering in ,;.a saloon on" Eighth
street in a drunken f condition he boasted
of his exploit. Deputy Hollingsworth,
who happened to be in the establishment.
Chief of Police "Wittman received a
telegram from O'Dorinell & Co., under
takers In Salt Lake Clty.-last night to the
effect that a boy named Frank McPher
son had died there and that it was sup
posed he had resided in this city. The re
quest . is made .: that the ' relatives of, the
deceased be notified,' but up to a late hour
last night the police were unable to find
any one' who was acquainted with him. '
Seek Relatives of Dead Boy.
44
ADVEBTTSEMEITTS.
McBurney's y^^p\ \
Kidney and S^^M
Bladder w *ffl
ONE BOTTLE CURES. \
Chicago, ni.. April 8. 1896.
> Mr. W. F. McBurney. Los An-
celes. Cal. — Dear Sir: It affords
me pleasure to testify to the ef-
ficacy of your Kidney and Blad-
der Cure. I have been troubled
with my kidneys and bladder for
over four years. I have been
treated by the best physicians of
this city during that time. (I
mention two who stand at the
head of the profession, viz.. Dr. C
A. Purdy and Dr. Frank Walls,
the latter being my son.) I re-
gret to say they did me no eood.
I was advised to spend the winter
In your glorious climate and try
the ocean baths. I visited San
Diego, Santa iionlct. and Santa
Barbara, but received only tem-
porary relief from -*e baths. On
the night I left home I got a
< bottle of your medicine. The first
dose did me good, and I was well
when I reached home, and I can
say in conclusion that I am grate-
ful to you. If this letter is of
any use to you. use it.
THOS. WALLS
m 6esd 25c for first day's treatment
I «nd cet relief In twenty mlnutea. Mc-
\\ Burner's Kidney and Bladder Cure,
[j Prepaid, fl.50. 226 S. Spring St. Lob
is Angeles. Cal. All Druggists.
I W. F. MCBHRHFY 226 S. Spring St.
(j LOS AVGELES.CAL. A!: Draggiiti.
t Supplies Proper/^
,. ..GLASSES^ /jj
SCHOOL fej
CHILDREN J j
At Moderate Prices,. V|
. HALE'S. I HALE'S. | HAMJ'S. \ TTAT.Ti'S. / j TTAT.-'R'S. '
Think of good goods when you think of Hale's
Some Suit Values to Jt^S^L.- Black Hats: A Surprise.
~l- 4 a y-v a m j I'm All fully nickel plated — such scissors ,_, - , •¦¦-¦¦ , : -. , .. , I ¦ '- ... •*.<
Atf Y*\ C\ A'f"f"P k n'J"inn as no one would think of cettin* at 25c ; * To find so many; find them so dressy, and find them so xnex-
rikllUVt nLlVIIlIvH* embroidery scissors, button-hole scis- pensive •
—New mixed suits, $1275. (Like the picture.) . sors ' cven long 6 ' inch shears ' Here are some beautiful hand- " '
¦ —Broadcloth or sibeline ones, $16.50. - Triplicate FliiTOrS. made ones in velvet or panne vel-
—Etamine cheviot outfit, $18.75. . $ <v«7 umwuai.) vet at $3.75. (One of them is pic-
-And smart mixtures, $22.50. . ThSe^St French plate ones In tured here.) No one would think
tl NO tf riCe i C ° U i d talk m T elOQUCn d tly HSeTa n n y 'afe?a n R y e O sU O L e r V ?h°e d irefser! the >' ™* leSS tha " ? S-OO.. Some
WW &r h a?dS£c"e n^ tutToTatfhe " ? f ™ £™ ; ojT W^_^
&FT 1 SSiS^J?^ ; h f- daSh Tlnt's sffgSD^SS'JcSf^fa. J^ crowns; others have chemlle £„ JS tt
: %tljW ¦ 2 J' at * he /!y/ ailor T% J P v™ s P ccial Purchase this week. Thev are or velvet and ornaments. Many
JigL ||p^^^|^ [^lilSli Wkh of them have a touch of white; a TMfeG >
ViWiffit Ml^r^A Q««;4- til 7C •¦&'.£ whit e crown, a white facing, a 0%f V'^f^^s
Jt|||§||| Mixed -2ttilt9l<4*-/3 Rope Girdle Chains, white plume, a white ribbon-as J^^LXM; :1^
MW^^S^S- The jacket in the skirt effect, measures 75c— worth $1.00. winsome as thev can be V§Vv J X
¦/>;< \\|J:. ¦/ 33 inches long, has a pleated front and Only a few— only in yesterday. Winsome as tney can uc.
\^*7 4s # ( *ywr*? back and buttons double in front, caught , They are those lonjr dangrline chains And then to pay only $3-75« N
O n^s^rb^^^. tasscl3 soand$7 - oa Haje! ™«
JEEPS!- order! the jacket is satin lined: "skiff has _ — so well fixed black hats as they are no W .
MSzJ, ' l\ seven gores and beautiful tailor stitch- Circle (1) Silk is an Ideal Lining — And Keady-to-\\ ear Mats, too.
O-/E- el >: l y*\'i'M % ing ' 58c a yard. . 14 different styles at $1.73 in all the new colorings. The variety is equally
or * h\ ".,! ¦ "Mi^v At $16.50 are dress suits in broadcloth, : — good at all the prices up to $7.00.
jj i"^^§i?Siif^«C W X blouse effect jacket with three-quarter rir\r\A T^1 1 •>+ C^n<-»^ ¦ • -
<f(*uE-S •EgBggmr \ .< skirt, large sleeves with taffeta stripes. VJOOU I 01161 OOaDS A mannfarhirpr lpt«; n<; have all his • !
$i2T3 fi'F^T'i sllk tassel, shoulder capes with stole . D^;^^^ manuiacturer lets us nave an nis
™*-7.?;:yj&M%Mm front; lined with satin. Blues only At LOW FriCCS. A -';,"¦ *¦*¦*•+¦* « •-»
fri¥' : ¥\ J16^- s - a beauty in ZIbellne ' bIacks and ' New fresh soaps, we just got. SatiiDles Children s Coats
m 'IV in trSn^colf 'JlcU «S The y have nOt been On Sale V*' S ° "i F> X
#' H#k • J22 .rs^ 9 ;i? c sU? e or^r^^^ and t>onnets
/? '-' it' -'¦V>\ long coat jackets, trimmed with fancy this week. * ,, •",''¦.' ,. , ; .»
JJ: .••(: -v--¥^^ buttons, silk lined, seven-gored skirt , .. to sell at what it cost him to make them.
' \jMs5S* popular mannish coat, fancy sleeve^ 5c cake> fine family toikt soap> gobllng and , * well M black £nd brown .
¦ • ? iSyd^SJn^enuN^kKndWiSS! 5c for a cake of tar soap. , They are the coveted styles this sea-
; - • • - ioc a box for a toilet soap. It looks son — not an old one among: them nor. a »
to all appearances like a French soap we poor one. He couldn't afford to risk $2.OO : Value S3.OO.
(d^"| ITiniM/>^r ££«1lj r £> C^'ir \Zl€\C* sell at 50c a box, yet here it is to-mor- selling his ojtput from an inferior sam- *lVi: 1 c*
Ibl FBnCV &11KS SLZ OUCo row at ioc. * pic. When we tell you that he is one $ 2 '5O: Value
%/ . ioc a cake for a 15c toilet soap, iockey of the best manufacturers in the business S^.OO: value $4oO.
Corded Louisines, plain Pekin stripes; fancy plaids, brocades and striped c l u b, violet or jasmine odor. you'll realize the character his samples <:* - 7 c?
taffetas, for waists, coat linines. underskirts. Oh, my! one will find many uses 15c a cake for tar soap — an antiseptic must bear. So to have such choice v3-5 o: Value $5-00.
for them since they are so cheap. Of course the separate lines are not as full soap for washing the hair. ones in such a variety at this time a $4 OO * Value $6 OO
as they once were, but we have filled them up by putting them together. o \\ zx and two dollars and three dol- c 1 Zt
Jf it's black silks, here are some taffetas at 60c; 22-inch and 27-inch ones 1 j p C\ tir Mn\\ OrHpf lars less than you would pay for the 94-5 0: value $Q.$O.
at 7oc ¦ ... S- , , v t. , }J Vr UC1 * r same identical garments in the regular $6,001 Value $7.00.
Peau de Soie at $1.00, 2.? inches wide; one that you may safely buy: we It s a splendidly equipped feature of way means a great deal. " «•»
guarantee it. the store for out-of-town folks. Write T t ' s a goo d fortune that doesn't come $O.OO : vallie ?9.OO.
Npw <srntrh S«iitinO*<; f or ™y xhln Z we advertise. If jV ou our way or yours very often. V
OOlllC l>lcW otUlLll OUllIIlg£>. haven't our catalogue tell us so and we . - 1
They're in flaky bouretted effects: as snappy and stylish a material as will send you one. It's a picture book SlIK DOIinetS Average Half PriCC
there is this fall for a street or traveling costume; 56 inches wide. $1.25. $1.50 of styles and values. They're in all the colors, red. blue, brown, pink, tan, greenand navy; trim-
and $1.75. p ; , fi\ c-11 * , . , , ¦ . med with furs, ribbons and laces, and most of them are lined.
Fancy zibelines. 37 inches; an all-wool cloth in tan, brown, blue or gray. »^»C'e v.1,/ oiik is an laeai Lining 5OC bonnets are 25c 75c ones are 39c.
Only 50c yard. I 58c a yard. 90c ones are 45c. $1.00 and $1.25 ones are 6qc i
Ribbon Prices Upset. /<STX . 5-lb. *!S e Blankets $3.95
There's to be a jolly good time in ribbons / (P^@|~r\ \ ' Those soft, thick long-napped ones for double
to-morrow. The price restraint has been taken / lff»i a^? \ beds — such as usually sell at $5.00. It is very
away from some pretty ones. If any one has a | ~\j^i~L^^ seldom you find them underprice^ — and particu-.
ribbon need, supply it now. i ff^s^^^^3^ Jj ¦ lady at the very beginning of winter weather.
White ribbons will be 5 c a yard. / | * \' \ -iPW '1^)/ WC t0 Sdl mOre ° f them tWS S?ftS
The No. 30 fancy ribbons will go at 8c and 6-inch fancy j than we ever have — else it wouldn't pay us to
Th r c^e°No a i t 2 I (nearly 2 inches wide) plain and fancy rib- ' {^TT^^vAt\ \\mS^\ SeH them S ° chca P lv -
bons. all the best colors, only 4c yard. . • \{v j // A\)A^IW I'llttM h m HtliAr "Rionl-Afe
The No. 80 4/2-inch plain, satin taffeta ribbons, good \ J\ u ntt „ Utner UianKetS.
shades, even white and black, lie yard. Think of it. j -^^^^I^^M^^M^^^^^^^ ***"'' alz6^ s[r^ bed «**>
And then 40c. .qoc and 65c novelty ribbons will all go on xJ^^>T^^-^l^ " White Blankets, cotton and wool mixed; three sizes— 51 90
one table at 23c yard <*F < ~S-S£? ;^Vli?5^< >7& <^£=i==r5zr~ <^^SK? r ?* ..T^V. 56x78; $2.00. 58x72: $2.23. 66x76.
one iaui C y J^^^^^vA^^"^^ "White Wool Blankets in the best rrada of wool: pretty bor-
It's our own good stock— not a yard we are itli^ sllk blndlns; Js * 50 ' 72xS4: r - 50> rJ>M Md w - 50 '
n«;lnmpH of Yon mio-ht think there was some- \c«/£fe^ Gray Y?° l Blankets of P ure vool. We guarantee the warp
asnameu ui. iuii nu^m uium tiictc wao smut v -^ ?<^ \^~ and filling; the manufacturer stands back of us. They are
thing the matter with it from these prices — the \ : use.^.^^wfSand $7 n 5o hed fine and 8oft for famUy
mnttpr i«; with ii<? OliflB H~l €J *^ dWr £^-f r*\^ \ £±£ CT ' Gray" Cotton Bla'nkets. In three sizes— for sinele beds, 60c;
matter IS Wltn US. Ul/Ul/ 1 Id II iltV WlCll MCTS for three-quarter beds. S5c; for double beds. J1.00.
~~ '""j ~w w •& c% 1 'n"^ v^*^-"-' v^omioricrs at o^c.
. . --^ W'm 51 T H51IT a-Jt*!**** But look at the comforter— that's as unusual as the
I lr\^X7"ff1 CT5H 1 f*C 1 IA1T1O*C C*C HUH 1 1 l^Vi price. It's filled with pure white cotton, covered with fig-
UUn lldiail LS\Jlll*L&» ured silkoline »and wool tufted— soft and fleecy and full
And why? . . sized.
Of particular interest to thrifty housewives. j^e factory is doing- it ' nv<>< nro T>i/r ¦ We havc been seIlin « them untiI «cently for $1.00, and
pS^yr^ 11 —^" , They cl on , winch f bit . ZconesZ^
Here's where they find all the latest contrivances with loss is the price they pay for being g *J; 600. double bed 8 ,ze. They're
which to make housework easier. Here s where they pay careful — careful to See that even,' « th0Se 5 -P° und ones (winter weight), with nothing but white
the least prices ' 1 J ¦! cotton filling.
curtam stretchers, si.25. Adjustable to any size. handkerchief they sell is perfect. '- i%ih] * The Sheets.
Clo?h S es C Wri b n U geS$1.23. Iron frames with 10-lnch rubber rol- If there happens to be a tiny hole, a loose Stitch or even a thread rdo^e^^d^nvTSes^^'"
sS^g clothes pins, best auai.ty, 6c do, hanging, the inspector tosses it to one side. The higher his hand- gfSSSr fi^f^ffeffi^
with I folds. kerchief ,deal the higher the pile grows and the harder it is to find o .«tj£t
E?ec¥rfc^^^ Look at the pile we got. If we hadn't said what we have it U muSita^nd 8 murt f ™^^
inum. copper or enamel ware: melted with a candle, done ., . -, . , . • • ,• ,, . , 43c— 54-^90 53c— 7 <> t i V) f.Qc— sixOO Gc_ norin
quickly. (No waiting for the irons to heat. 9c coii. would puzzle you to know why some of them are half-priced. p . JT 7 ' c *r°
Copper Bottom Wash Boilers 95c. Their quality and usefulness aren't hurt and they are in the ptesent «_ ™ow Cases (Special), 9J4C.
_,,'..: = ;; . XT . • ., ,. . , * 1 • 4800 of them ready for to-morrow morning; made from
They're the regular No. 7 J™. with an extra quality tin Styles. an exceptionally heavy grade of sheeting such as usually
body such as usually sells at $1.35. 19[/(l nfloa , , ,. , ,, ,.,,•,,. ,. goes in I2 j /$c cases, but we made a big deal just at the
_ l^c ones are worth lip to .25c. They re stylish and embroidered m dainty right time. Full regular size, 45x36 inches.
' _, A=m7 patterns, with hemstitched, embroidered or scalloped edges. — f
* j? /&/ s^\ (^^- — 25c ones - va] «e up to 50c. Swiss embroidered handkerchief, with hemstitched ttSSs-^^^^^^" *Iv&
M^ ~**SZ^ljffiB®& GOO^^x^^ . ered ed Se handkerchiefs. Some fine dainty ones, too, as well as open-work $gj y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
..Money-Saving Sale.. ||
II A dollar saved is a dollar made. The money ¦
II we save you and the merit of our goods make III
I ¦ a strong combination for you this week. HI
CASH OR CREDIT I
YOU CAN BUY BY EITHER PLAN *&&&.
SANITARY MOTH-PROOF REVERSIBLE S^W|
CARPET — Five different patterns; sewed. %¦**? «V_
lined and laid 37jXc yd jL. J/PjlW^
Brinjr your measurement. jy^FyW^^^—
CARPET REMNANTS, 2 to 7 yards. . .35c yd (\TxjJd I \
$15 HAIR MATTRESS, good value $9.5O [\ T/ J V \
$14 CHIFFONIER. Solid oak, French Plate / A ZSj \ \
mirror $9.OO /flfee'*jL \
! $50 BEDROOM SET, solid oak.$32.5O , >V*\ 33 Oi
! $25 EXTENSION TABLE. Solid oak, fYQt\
It six-inch legs $13.75 / IB ll^ /#^f
I Free Delivery Within 100 Miles. hlg Xp d Jt
¦TRfilll IANT FURNITU RE Mjxn
I.DmLLIAni company Bmm
338 to 342 Post St. E^^W^m §PRINCE AND PRINCESS WHO
MAY . BECOME RULERS OF
SPAIN.
MARIENBAD. Sept. 26.— King Edward's
visit to Marienbad has had a remarkable
effect on the fashions of Austria— to such
an extent. In fact, that there la now a
famine in red neckties there. Each day
the King appeared on promenade with a
flaming crimson scraf. and all Marienbad
imitated the royal example.
Vienna, as usual, imitated Marienbad.
and the results axe already apparent in
large orders for crimson neckwar e from
Part*
Famine in Red Neckties.
help falling deeply In love with the hand
some youth, who was so good, attentive
and reserved, of such agreeable manners
and of so fine a figure. So it happened
one day, at the time of the Cuban war,
that the young, and poor captain of the
staff, undoubtedly urged on by persistent
indications and encouragements from his
royal sweetheart, presented himself be
fore the Queen and eald: "As your Majes
ty has always been so generous toward
me, I beseech you to .grant me two
favors. The: first is that your Majesty
will be pleased to give the necessary or
ders permitting me to do, my duty as a
soldier by going to the war in Cuba; and
th« second is" that if I return from Cuba,
People's Hostility
Is Entirely
Ignored.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 28.-The de
partment of agriculture in Washington
has sent Professor Bolay here to study
Russian flax culture. The professor has
traveled through all parts of Kasan and
Perm and made a collection of flaxseed*
which, he says, is most valuable.
He haa his wife and an interpreter with
him and is now going to Tscheljabinslc. In
Siberia. He will also visit the southern
provinces and return to America via Odes
sa. He says the United States Govern
ment In the future will devote great caxo
to the culture of flax.
To Study Flax Culture.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— The increase in th«
number of women's clubs in London la
said to be attended by an alarming In
crease In the drinking habit, and th© Lon
don "World said recently that liquor drink-
Ing, especially creme de menthe, had
grown to a grievous extent.
At these clubs one sees mor* whiskies
and sodas on the table at luncheon than
one sees at men's clubs, in which there is
a marked decrease in drinking. The club
managers, of course, deny these allega
tions, but they are known to b© none th#
less true In the main.
Liquor Habit Grows.
Coming almost dally in contact with
Don Carlos, the Queen's eldest daughter,
Maria de las Mercedes, Princess of the
Asturias, who was then 17 years old and
on account of the very retired life to which
6he had always been subjected at court
had never before had an opportunity of
fered her of coming into friendly Inter
course with any younjr man. could not
WINS PRINCESS.
The young captain of the staff then lit
tle dreamed that capricious Dame For
tune would Just choose tne way to his
stomach In order to approach . him and
lead him to the very steps of a throne.
Yet such was the case.
The Infanta Isabel— who at that time
lived at the palace with the royal fam
ily — was very much moved by the story
of her nephew's difficulties, and now de
cided to speak In his favor to the Queen
Regent, Dona Maria Christina. Her Maj
esty, willing to assist her sister-in-law's
protege, but at the least possible sacri
fice of her purse, proposed to the Infanta
Isabel that Don Carlos should come and
dine with them at the palace whenever
he pleased, and Don Carlos gratefully ac
cepted this offer, and was thus enabled
to wipe out from his list of expenses the
Items which referred to dinner and at the
same time daily satisfy the voracious ap
petite belonging to his age and robust
constitution with the delicacies of the
royal table.
QUEEN DONATES DINNERS
ing necessities; consequently, even after
having again repeatedly appealed, and not
in vain, to the generosity of his aunt, the
day came at length when he saw him
self compelled, as a last resort, to visit
the latter and confess to her his serious
and constant embarrassments for want
of money.
The "Queen was agreeably surprised by
the first of these petitions, but did not
show any surprise at the second one, for
she had already suspected the mutual.af
fection of her daughter and Don Carlos,
as she was always present when they
held their long dally conversations at des
sert, and after remaining for a
few moments she replied with tender ac
cents: "The first of your petitions, which
does you a deal of honor, shall be attend
ed to. You shall embark in the first
steamer that leaves Spain for Cuba. Re
garding your second petition, I can at
present only say that while you are in
Cuba I shall speak to Mercedes about it.
and then meditate concerning this serious
matter. "When you j have returned, after
having fulfilled. what you Justly consider
to be a soldier's duty, I shall give you a
more explicit answer."
After having said this Maria Christina
dismissed Don Carlos, first giving him her
hand- to kiss, and glancing at him with
a smile that was full of promise. With
in a fortnight the young captain embark
ed for Cuba and during his absence, which
lasted a little over a year, the Queen con
sulted Mercedes, who resolutely replied
that she would "either marry that man or
no. one."
In view of such a decided answer Maria
Christina began to think the matter over
carefully, and she doubtless must have
considered that her family being com
ooscd of four women without any male
PROVING HIS PROWESS.
after having acquitted myself well, your
Majesty will deign to honor me by con
senting, to bestow upon me the hand of
her Royal Hlghnes the Princess Mercedes,
whom I love with as great a passion as
that which she so graciously feels for
me."
Soldier Returns to
Claim His
Bride.
Princess Insists o
Marrying Her
Lover.
Nevertheless, either because living is
excessively dear in Madrid or because the
young officer, as member of a royal fam
ily, could not decorously lead a too strict
ly modest and economical life, it is cer
tain that Don Carlos had not always suf
ficient money to defray all his expenses;
his limited captain's pay did not go very
far, and eo It happened that he was oc
casionally obliged to borrow such small
sums as two or three dollars of his most
intimate friends and comrades, and there
are still to-day various distinguished offi
cers In the Spanish army who, if they
cared to be Indiscreet, could boast of hav
ing provided the present Prince of the
Asturias with means to -buy himself a
new uniform of a pair of boots or gloves
of which, for some ceremony or other at
the palace, he was In urgent need.
But for the very reason that Don Carlos
had to present himself at court (where
he had been admitted from the begin
ning) as time passed the small loans
which he received from his companions
soon &roved Insufficient for his incrcas-
PRESSED FOB CASH.
Caserta (brother of the dead ex-King of
Naples and' Sicily, Francis II), Don Car
los de Bourbon, when still very young,
was sent to Spain with his elder brother,
tho BO-called Duke of Calabria, so that
his aunt, the Infanta Isabel (also aunt
to King Alfonso), might take them under
high protection and procure them means
of living and an education worthy of
their rank, which their father, the Count
of Caserta, having seven sons and pos
sessing only a meager fortune, would not
have been able to give them.
The Infanta Isabel, whose good nature
is Inexhaustible, interested herself ; a
great deal for her two nephews and had
them' admitted, at her own expense, into
the Academy of Artillery of Segovia,
which they left after three years' study
as officers; and then she used all her In
fluence In favor, of the Duke of Calabria
until she succeeded in marrying him to a
very wealthy German princess. As re-
E^ris Don Carlos, the Infanta Isabel, un
derstanding that th© youth could not live
very well solely depending on the scanty
pay of a lieutenant of artillery, made him
a monthly allowance; besides, in the hope
that he would one day also make a good
match, she solicited and obtained for him
a place in the HJgh School of War, and
after having finished his studies there,
he was promoted to the rank of captain
of the staff.
On the other hand, in the days which
preceded the wedding the poor captain
could not have had much time to take no
tice of those manifestations of discontent,
fbr the preparations^ for his * wedding
caused him such serious preoccupation,
because, although it is true that the valu
able Jewels and rich dresses which he of
fered to his august bride were bo'ught for
him by his protectress, the Infanta Isa
bel, still it is equally true that, he had to
think of buying his own personal effects.
So Princess Mercedes and Don Carlos
"de Bourbon were married on the 17th of
March, 1901, and everybody will remem
ber the violent manifestations of hostil
ity which this wedding provoked in Ma
drid and all over Spain, because the lib
eral elements of the kingdom protested
.against the Princess, who was heiress to
the throne, being given in marriage to the
son of the same Count of Caserta who
when he was general of the Pretender
Don Carlos had taken part in two most
sanguinary civil wars, fighting against
liberty and the army of Alfonso XII, the
father of her who was now going to be
his daughter-in-law.
But these hostile demonstrations, which
caused numerous victims among- -the peo
ple,' did not matter to tfc© Queen, nor
to the Princess Mercedes, nor to Don
Carlos de Bourbon. The Queen only want
ed to please her daughter and. above all,
to show once more that ynen she had
Eet her mind upon doing a I certain thing,
nobody could prevent her \ from having
her own way. As for the Princess, she
thought only of marrying the man whom
she so dearly loved; the rest did not trou
ble her much. With regard tp Don Carlos
he must have thought that a few demon
strations of displeasure on the part of
the peop.le were nothing compared to the
advantages of becoming the husband of
an heiress to a throne.
AN TJNPOPTJXAR MATCH.
members, as Don Alfonso was still a child,
a man was really needed in the house,
but he must be a respectful and submis
sive man and— above all — a person whose
'temperament and character Inclined to
keep him entirely aloof from state affairs
and allow the Queen Regent always to
do just as she pleased. Everything led
her to believe that Don Carlos possessel
all these qualities, which she so much do-
to see in her future son-in-law; con
sequently when he had returned from Cu
ba, the Queen announced to him and to
Mercedes that she gave them her consent
to be married.
But it ia only just to say that after
marrying Dona Mercedes the new Prlnca
of. the Asturias, either on account of hl3
pacific character or his want of energy,
had the tact never to meddle directly or
indirectly with political affairs, to show
himself In public only when accompany
ing his royal brother-in-law, Don Alfonso,'
as If he were his faithful tutor, and to
limit himself to the fulfillment of the
duties of a good husband. He usually
passes the whole day and whole night at
home with his wife and when the latter
happens to be ill he curses her himself.
Really, In case Don Alfonso should die
without leaving direct succession, the
Spaniards could congratulate themselves
on the harmlessness of the King-consort
they would then acquire.
Indeed, the future Prince of th© Astuxiaa
must have been very "hard up" at that
period of his existence, because— although
it seems strange — in the establishment of
a certain well-known linen draper In
Madrid ho was only able to order twenty
four shirts.
MODEL -ROYAL HUSBAND.
Timid, pacific and prudent, of irre
proachable and bland manners and a re
eerved and good natured character, the
husband of the Crown Princess of Spain
is a. livinsr reminjef of the old Italian
sdage. according to vrhlch '.'Fortune
comes while cne is eleeping." The ro
mantic history of his life clearly demon
strates It. Second eon of the Count of.
HIS VALUABLE AUNT.
There was a little Incident recently that
showed how gracefully and mildly the
Prince can eit on a back Beat. It was
when AJ?onso XIII during his recent stay
Jn Cartasrena, wher© he went to review
the now meager national fleet, paid a
visit to the famous establishment for the
extraction of silver which the ex-Liberal
Minister, the Count of Romanones, owns
In the town. The Count of Romanones
after having 1 conducted Don Alfonso to
visit various departments led him to a
very spacious room, where everything
had been prepared for melting an enor
mous block oi silver In the presence of
The sovereign, and there, while this oper
ation was being: effected, newspaper men
who etood near I>on Alfonso heard a per-
Bon behind addressing them timidly !n
the following words: "Gentlemen of the
press, will you kindly allow me to pass?"
But the Journalists, engaped In watching
the operation and listening- to the conver
sation of the King -with the Count, paid
no attention to the request, and Jt was
only afterward, wtien everything was
ended and the monarch was about to
leave, that they saw the Prince of the
Asturias behind them and comprehended
that it was be who had asked permission
to pass, end not finding himself attended
to had waited patiently among the com
mon people until the ceremony was over
Jn order to rejoin his royal brother-in-law.
highnesses and princes of the
blood, let rne commend the amiable man
of whom many Spaniards were in such
terror when he married within a step or
two of the throne and became what you
might call helr-ln-law-apparent. Really,
the Prince of the Asturias is not at all un
likely to become King consort of Spain in
fact, it not in name, painfully soon, for
there are increasing- indications that little
Alfonso, the unlucky thirteenth, has in
herited the consumption that killed his
father before the boy was born.
I have Just received from a particularly
well-ir.fonned correspondent In Madrid
details about this Prince of the Asturias
that make really entertaining reading In
view of the fact that his Royal Highness
is likely to be thrust forward so soon
from the back eeat where he modestly
permJts himself to be kept.
LONDON, Sept. M— Of all the
mild, affectionate, peaceable
and altogether nice husbands
In the whole European outfit
of Imperial majesties, royal
Free Dinners at
Palace Lead to
Destiny.
Proves Meekest
of All Royal
Husbands.
\Kggii5W48|
ac. — « '¦ ¦ ¦ i, ... \ v
* — j.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
PRINCE OF ASTURIAS, TO WHOM POVERTY WAS GOOD
FORTUNE, MAY YET BECOME KING CONSORT OF SPAINHeyse's powerful play, "Mary of
Magdala," In which Mrs. Fiske won
the greatest success of her career last
season, in which she Is now ap
pearing again at the Manhattan Theater,
New York, and in which she will be seen
during her long tour of the country soon
to-be entered upon, was satisfied on Mrs.
Fiske' s reappearance in the play at the
Manhattan. The programme of the thea
ter for the first time disclosed the secret,
and announced as the author Mr. Wil
liam Winter, the dean of New York
critics and known for his literary works
wherever the English language Is spoken.
The turning of the prose of Paul Heyse
into the beautiful, poetic and sonorous
verse that marks the English form of
"Mary of Magdala" was an achievement,
and the interest that has been expressed
on all sides as to the Identity of the
scholar and poet who did It was natural.
The announcement of Mr. Winter's name
as the author has caused considerable
surprise, for although in the conjecture
as to who tho adapter might be the
names of many well known men of let
ters were mentioned.' his had not been
suggested in this connection. Not more
than half a dozen persons aside from Mr.
and Mrs. Fiske were in the secret, the
keeping of which for so long a period has
been contrary 'to usage in such matters.
Then arrangements were made by Mr!
Fiske for the publication of "Mary -of
Magdala" in book form. Mr. Winter
was persuaded to permit the use of his
name on the title page. The praise that
the lofty and scholarly verse of "Mary of
Magdala" ha3 received as <an anonymous
work was the best possible test of the
play's right to rank among English mas
terpieces. Mr. Winter's work in It even
adds to . his reputation as the author of
"Shakepeare's England," "Wanderers,"
THE curiosity in dramatic and
literary circles as to the authorship
of the . English version of Paul
TALES OF ACTORS
AND PLAYS HEARD
ON THE RIALTO
our universities doing that work for which
they are now dimly shaping.''
. "Columbia, I believe, 13 the only uni
versity In America where there fc a chair
of music?" I added.
"No, in Yale also," the professor inter
rupted eagerly. "They have there three
professors of music. I am greatly in
favor of a chair of muslo and^hope some
day that we shall have all the' arts under
our roof. I myself am fighting for the
cause of Greek letters and that leaves
me little time for the consideration of
the other arts. We have, I must tell you,
though, a new and highly promising de
partment of architecture Just founded.
John Galen Howard, one of the foremost
men In his line, is at the head of It."
"Perhaps he will be able to sav* us
from further crimes like that of smother
ing our City Hall in- a back- street!" I
hoped, then reverted: "Isn't this the only
Greek theater proper out of Greece?"
"It is bo far -as I am aware," the pro
fessor returned; "that in itself in rather
significant." •
"The whole thing is vastly significant
to me," I returned.
"The possibilities set one's imagination
on flre," the professor then exclaimed,
his face kindling. "Why cannot we have
Shakespearean cycles, the Wagnerian
drama, Beethoven's symphonies and those
things here? With 7000 of an audience
they could be given at the smallest
price—"
"Even at two obols a head— "
"Even at two obols a head," he agreed,
smiling; "and think of the splendid ef
fect of putting these things before tne
people" as everyday fare. My mind is
simply full of the possibilities of the
place. There are Schiller cycles, the
French classics— we have the 'Phedre'
next week — and countless things besides.
I dare hardly express indeed the extent
of my hopes for our theater. -One modest
idea Is that it may become the cradle of
the national drama."
* "Ben Greet and actor after actor have
prophesied this for California," I con
tributed.
"But certainly the effect on the student
mind will be incalculably valuable," the
professor pursued; "the very beauty of
the. place must give birth to beauty and
its historic suggestion is of the noblest.
As I said before, my Vfalth in the effect
of the new theater is of extravagant
Bort."
"More of It, professor, and we should
not be so many eons away from our
Sophocles," I returned, then took my
leave of the gentle sage.
"But Bhould it?" and as fully as my
memory served I quoted Edward Mac-
Dowell, who expressed himself very forci
bly on the subject in a talk with me last
spring. Here Is exactly what he said:
"The citizen of the new republic must
know and honor music, yes; but paint-
Ing, sculpture and architecture equally
must be considered a part of the well
rounded education. One may become a
B. A. now. and be unable to whistle even
a coon song. As to pictures, what'uni
versity turns out graduates who could
buy pictures for themselves, who have
learned to see— as those' others should
have learned to hear? Neither, is there
now the slightest shame attaching- to such
ignorance. When we teach that it is a
stupid and shameful thing to be deaf, to
be blind, there will be some chance' of
"I— well, I have not thought much about
that." he replied. "It is an interesting
field of speculation. But hasn't the edu
cation of our universities leaned rather
to the practical side of things?"
"The department of dramatic literature,
history, Is unusually flourishing, I think,"
he replied.
"Why is It. thoueh. Professor Clapp,
that art, literature excepted, that only
thing by which a nation may be remem
bered, has to hang about the back doors
of our universities?"
formance of next Thursday taking place
In the orchestra," he continued. "As a
matter of simple common sense, the
young men in charge of the affair ar
ranged for the performance to be given
in the orchestra, not on tho stage, as ac
cording to traditions. Curiously enough,
the greatest modern authority on Greek
tneaters. Dr. Doerpfeld, bears them out
in tniR. He has visited every Greek thea
ter and found no evidence of a stage ex
cept in later buildings than the Sopho
clean period. The chorus, of course, stood
In the orchestra, and it was evidently es
sential for the actors to mingle with them.
Some one has said that the separate ac
tion of chorus and principals was too
much like a two-ringed circus to be
Greek!"
"But It was evidently not until after
the days of Sophocles and Aristophanes
that the elevated Btage came into use,"
he continued: "In so far therefore our
production of 'The Birds' on Thursday
will be historically correct."
"Your dramatic department here is
rather an important one, to get back to
our muttons?"
PROFESSOR EDWARD B. CLAPP, HEAD OF THE GREEK DEPARTMENT OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALI
FORNIA, DISCUSSES GREEK DRAMA AND THE POSSIBILITIES OF THE NEW GREEK THEATER AT
BERKELEY ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE MODERN DRAMA.
. "I .think so." the professor agreed. "And
I. believe there la an unusual proportion
cf genius here, of original thought. For
example, In exceptional talents like those
of the young fellow who died— Norris—
and London. Then in peculiar fields— the
translations ot <THeredia's sonnets by
It. Taylor of the university here, for In
stance, that are attracting wide atten
tion in London just row, one iinds much
beins done. In music and the drama, too,
I believe the promise and perform
ance are also exceptional. • • • Victor
Cousin, by the way, discusses the effect
or environments on the development of
genius ex much greater length than
"Well, not a few people believe that a
rather extraordinary proportion and qual
ity of genius exists in California— we are
certainly in the 'talent belt,' as Taine
would eay. And it seems that the build-
Ing of a Greek theater, here where the
physical and climatic conditions so
strongly resemble those of Greece— in
fact, in a city on the same line of lati
tude as Athens— Is a matter of peculiar
moment."
"In what «av?"
I found it very easy to gret te old Greece
efter talking with Professor Edward B.
Clapp, who is head of the Greek depart
inent In the University of California.
Professor Clapp was kind enough to dis
cuss with me the other morning the Eig
r.iflcance and suggestion of Mr. Hearst's
pplendld eitt to the university, the new
Greek theater. We met him, tall, broad,
swinging easily along to the station on
his way to the city. But at my request
for a chat he turned back with ready
courtesy and took us to his charming,
Jasmlne-bowcred home on the campus.
"•Just ivhat is It you wish to talk
about?" the professor asked, seating hlm
eelf against a background of wistaria
hung window.
"Something like this." I replied, taking
in gratefully the tranquil suggestion of
the low room, the unhurried, unworldly
atmosphere of the professor himself. "I
should like to know if you in the univer
sity feel that any extraordinary signif
icance attaches to the foundation of a
Greek theater here?"
More there would have been of this
had not Gorgias, happening on the scene,
vrapped his chiton about him and mut
tered: "What a place for a prize fight!"
By the pods, but 'twas a fair morning!
Even tit the day -was for the first glimpse
cf the lovely temple now complete and
dedicated to the muses. Silently we drew
rear the heart of the grove, where sheer
and sudden uprise the stately walls of
the sanctuary. Silent we stood before
them, worshiping the noble harmony of
the proportions, the justness of the orna
ment, the Einsular beauty of the color
ing—a gray born in the sunlight. As si
lently we entered then and sat looking
down upon a stage -where pernaps a. new
Kcphocles shall vouchsafe to. us a new
"Oedipus."
The place inflames the soul. Glaucus
paid: "What nobler challenge to the poet
than' the silence of the stage below us?"
"Or where surroundings more fitted to
inspire him?". I returned, looking about
me.
We climbed then to the lip of the great,
fluted shell, wherein 7000 people— by the
grace of two obols a head:— may sit. It
lies against a gentle slope that stretches
where unhidden by trees Into an impe
rial purple distance. Redwoods point
proud fir.gers at the gods above the col
umned stage and the million-scimitered
eucalyptus, virgin-bare of limb now, its
dark armament part reddened in the
blood of fummer, 6himmers at the edge.
Through the trees one may catch the
distant gltiam of the Golden Gate, where
the ships of the world sail in, sail out
to their fate. And below, hidden by the
grave arabesque of the grove, the fax
cities glisten In the sun, lifting their
voices to him who Ehall Bing their Bongs
unto the aces. For here is their eter
nal temple.
a pearl in the lap of the Gold
en Gate, the sky behind the soft black
blotches of the pines a trembling pre
ciousness of b!ue. At our feet was gold.
September gold, the burnt gold of tho
earth, the bleached gold of the grass,
jiale with the spent passion of the sum
mer. '"The wind ran Eweet about our
troves" — Glaucus' phrase, not mine — pino
ecented and odorous with the thin sweet
ness of redwood. By tread oaks we wan
dered, till Cleon, a youth returning from
the classes of the Bophists— for the the
ater is in the proves of the Academe—
< ourtecusly directed our steps to the road
that winds up the hill whereon it stands.
Talking of the vanity of Theodorus, who.
as all know, will not permit the entry
of an inferior actor before his own ap
pearance en the etage, and of the enor
nraus sums paid to Polus for a single
performance, we wended our leisurely
way under the pines.
GLAUCUS and I, having an Idle
hour, betook us to the new
theater a-bu!lding in honor of
Dionysus at Berkeley. It was
an Olympian morning, the sea
Gertrude Cogfe Ia " h as a new play that
was written fcT J} er b " her father, the
late Charles C'oS»J an * a "d she intends to
bring it to &* Xork In the ns*r future.
Miss Roselle Knott. who Is starring this
year in "When Knighthood was in Flow
er," in the role of Mary Tudor, says that
the most delicate compliment ever paM
her was a few seasons ago when she was
appearing with a company that was not
all it should have been artistically. The
company, which was booked to appear in
a certain town en Monday, reached tha
town on Sunday morning, ana Miss Knott.
as is her custom, attended church ser
vices. The minister, a young, good look
ing man, prayed devoutly for rain,
and during his prayer he looked Intently
through his half-closed lids af Miss
Knott. After the service Miss Knott and
several other strangers were Introduced
to the minister and finally Miss Knott
said to him:
"Why did you look at me aa you prayed
so earnestly for rain?"
"Oh. you noticed it. did you? Well, I
will tell you. I have seen you in parts so
much better suiteJ to your talent than
that in which you are> playing thl3 year
that I have prayed u W 'U rain to-morrow
night, so that as (? w a » possible of my
Owen Wlster, the author of "The Vir
ginian." says that hp«3 gradually coming
to feel more like *a* theatrical than a
literacy person. Ho has spent the entire
summer with Kirk La Shelle in dramatiz
ing the book, and he is now a dally visitor
at the rehearsals of the play,- which are
under the personal direction of Mr. La
Shelle. Ho says that he now understands
for the first time the irresistible fascina
tion of the stage and it is not unlikely
that a novel of theatrical life will soon
Issue from bis realistic pen.
Reports from Montreal are- that "The
Bonnie Brier Bush" Is doing a wonderful
business there. v The keen Scottish humor
of Ian McLaren has always appealed to
Canadians, and although Montreal's popu
lation Is largely French, it appreciates the.
subtleties of "The Bonnie Brier Bush."
and enjoys every point made.
J. H. Stoddart. tha sterling actor who
represents Lachlan Campbell, speaks
French fluently, and when, the other
evening there were insistent demands for
a speech, as he stepped before tho cur
tain in response to a call, he astonished
hia hearers by making a few felicitous re
marks in English, broad Scottish and
scholarly French In regular order and
without the slightest hesitation.
• • *
It is made known, writes 'William. "Win
ter, that Mansfield intends to open hla
dramatic season at the new Lyric Theater
in New York in October with the play
of "Old Heidelberg." deferring to a more
appropriate season his new drama on the
grim subject of "Ivan the Terrible." This,
obviously, is a propitious arrangement for
the public. The play of "Old Heidelberg"
tells a simple, sweet, romantic, touching
story, and doubtless Mansfield's adapta
tion of the German original will do Jus
tice to Its characteristic German blendlnff
of poetry, symbolism, Joviality, senti
ment, sadness and humor. The character
of the Prince seems exactly suited to
Mansfield's peculiar temperament and
style and it could .not have been more
fortunately chosen; for no English
speaking actor la so thoroughly Imbued
as Mansfield with the romance of the
German Fatherland. For "Ivan the Ter
rible" there will come- a time. At pres
ent the public need la pleasure, th© In
nocent—"Mirth and merriment, which
bars a thousand harms and lengthens
life."
Grace Elllston is to be Richard Mans
field's leading woman this season. She
has done excellent work as Eonlta In
"Arizona" and last season in support
of Henry Miller In "The Taming of
Helen."
"A chord in G." responded Ilarlan with
a smile, and the accommodating leader
of the orchestra struck the chord. To tho
horror of the admirers of the Eard of
Avon the First Roman Citizen started to
sing "Ttie Wild Man of Borneo." and.
moreover, he sang It so effectively that he
had to give several encores. la ended h'.s
experience in Shakspeare nevertheless.
At night when Harlan mado his first
entrance Brutus demanded of him la
stentorian tones:
'"What would'st thou. noble citizen?"
and the play was "Julius Caesar." When
the stage manager handed him the part
of the First Roman Citizen Ilarlan looked
it over contemptuously and then returned
it with the remark that he had been en
gaged to play comedy parts. He laid par
ticular emphasis on the word "comedy."
"It is a comedy part," said the stags
manager.
"I don't see where the comedy comes
In." said Harlan.
"You are supposed to make the part
funny," said the stage manager.
"Oh, I am. am I?" demanded Harlan.
"All right. Til do it." He concluded to in
troduce "gags," so he consulted with
Brutus and the leader of the orchestra,
and both of these worthies agreed to help
him.
Taine. Ho ascribes th© Intellectual ef
florescence of Greece directly to its cli
mate and configuration."
"Taine put it that talent was as much
a product of a 'belt' as an orange," I re
called.
"Cousin says— you remember the map of
Greece?
"I don't remember when I saw it last,"
I laughed, and the professor strode to
the bookcase and made me feel a small
girl again by pointing out those numer
ous seas and gulfs that took such a long
time to draw!
"You see, the sea everywhere Invites to
commerce, to adventure," the neo-Greek
eaid. "The mountains may bo easily
climbed, the climate is gracious, every
thiug Indeed inspires man to trust In him-
Belf, to do things, to go ahead. Greece
was therefore the natural home of art,
just as Central Asia, with its frowning
mountains suggesting the Impotence and
littleness of human effort, was the na
tural cradle of the great religions."
"You have recently been in Greece— is
it really very like California?"
"Singularly like," the professor con
firmed. "The contour of the bare, brown
hills— the Greek mountains are, however,
much larger than our foothills here— the
atmosphere, the general coloring, the cli
mate, are all curiously similar. Then,
too, there is the striking fact that Greece,
like California, has and had for staple
products, wine, oil, flgs and olives."
"Remains only how long to produce a
Sophocles? 1 ' I laughed.
"Ah, that I don't know," the professor
laughed in turn. "But — curiously again —
I have never had better pupils, more deep
ly interesting in the Greek thing, than I
have had here. Our high Bchools, unfor
tunately—this reminds me— hardly give
the facilities for the study of Greek that
they should."
"Still, new Greece Bhould not bo old
Greece "
"There is not the smallest danger of the
yourig people of California becoming
imitators!" exclaimed the professor. He
looked quizzically reminiscent of con
flict (?) with the willful, native original
ity. "But you get your best art by build-
Ing upon the art of the ancients, by an
enlightened use of their knowledge."
"Now as to the special bearing of the
new theater?"
"I should like first to correct the use
of the term 'amphitheater,' that has been
so freely applied to our theater," the pro
fessor said, something of the pedagogic
slipping Into his manner. "It is In no
sense an amphitheater, that is, of course,
a completely circled auditorium. The
amphitheater was a Roman innovation,
for entertainments in which it was not
essential for the actors to face the audi
ence, as in the drama. Ours is almost a
pure Greek building, modeled largely, by
the way, on the theater of Epidaurus—
E-p-i-d-a-u-r-u-s."
"Thank you," I laughed.
"Epidaurus came to be a dramatic cen
ter naturally enough." the professor went
on. "It was a health resort, where the
"best people' went to get the advice of
Aesculapius— A, E "
"I think I remember," I laughed.
Then Professor Clapp laughed and apol
ogized: "I had a reporter here a little
while ago, and I spelled everything for
him but 'Ithaca'— and he got that
wrong!"
"The poor omniscfent!" I sighed for the
man who must know everything from
the. Sapphic odes to the argot of the
Barbary Coast. "But Epidaurus was a
particular center of light and learning?"
"Yes, and its theater particularly beau
tiful," the 'professor replied, "as I think
ours is."
"But marble?"
"But marble,"
"Have you been In the theater of
Dionysus at Athens? I am curious about
its wonderful acoustics.'*
"Yea, and I have stood in the orchestra
of one even larger— said to have held
40.000 people— and made my voice heard to
it* furthest limit." the professor re
called, "and that without any very stren
uous effort. You know the old Idea of
there being a sort of megaphonic arrange
ment in the Greek actor's mask is now
exploded, the theories of the sound Jars,
wires and so on."
"There was no necessity for them?"
"No; the acoustics of the theaters
themselves were all bo marvelously /good.
Then again the Greek actor was chosen
chiefly for the power and beauty of his
voice."
"And the Greek audience was almost as
fastidiously exacting about his diction as
the late Alfred Ayres about the modern
thespians?"
"Rightly so, too, for the stage should
be the model for the art of pure speech,"
the professor put it. "That is not the
least of Ha functions. But you will see
how vitally necessary clear diction was
in the old Greek days with audiences of
30,030 people. The actor, wearing a mask,
could not depend for his effects on facial
expression. NeitAer was the art of ges
ture as we know it among the player's
tools. There was left to him then little
but his voice to interpret the great dra
mas—and jiet that seems to have been
magnificently sufficient. If only we had
a phonographic record of their voices!"
The modern note came oddly.
"You will be surprised to find the per-
Otis Harlan. the comedian at the head
of the Wells-Dunne-Harlan company,
made one appearance In the classic
drama. It happened in Savannah, Ga,,
Annie Irish, the charming actress, who
¦will play Iras, the Egyptian beauty, in
the elaborate revival of "Ben Hur" at the
New York Theater, has consented to pose
for Hamilton King, the artist, for Cleo
patra in a large oil canvas; "Queens of
Other Days," which the young artist is
at work on and which he expects to send
to the art exhibit at the St. Louis Expo
sition. The attention of Mr. King- was
attracted by a portraiture of Miss Irish
In the part of Iras, wtyich is a character
not unlike the luxurious Cleopatra, ai
tbough General Wallace's Princess is a
daughter of the Nile.
• * •
"Do," answered James W. Johnson,
who is of a philosophical turn of mind.
"I think we've done very well. As far as
I, can see our publishers are the ones to
worry."
But the publishers didn't have to worry
long, for they now pay in royalties to this
same trio every year an amount that
would ' make a h'andaome salary for a
trust president.
About five years ago three disconsolate
looking Individuals met in their appart
ments. They had Just come from .their
publishers, where they learned to their
consternation that they owed Joseph W.
Stern & Co, $1500, whlcTT'they had drawn
over the amount of royalties due for the
first year's sales of their son?s. At that
time "Under the Bamboo Tree," "Thf
Maiden With the Dreamy Eyes" and the
"Congo Love Song" had not been writ
ten, for Cole and the Johnson brothers
were the unhappy ones referred to.
"Boys, this is hard luck," said Rosa
mond Johnson.
"What In the world Bhall we do?"
groaned Bob Cole.
• ¦--. •-;'•
Jerrold Shepard's new Southern romance
"Red River" had a very successful open
ing at Cheater, Pa_, on Labor day. Man
ager Charles Nuckals has given the play
a lavish production, and the general ver
dict of the first performance was entire
ly favorable.
"Walker Whlteside, who has opened his
season in "We Are King," relates the fol
lowing Incident that he once witnessed in
a street car when he was playing in Co
lumbus, Ohio: /
"The car in which I was riding "was
very much crowded," said Mr. Whitesids,
"and I with several others was standing.
A lady entered the car and a very seedy
looking individual, who had evidently
been looking too much on the beer while
it foamed, rose to give her a seat. Be
fore she could reach it a robust looking
man slipped Into It.
" 'Sa-a-y, you— you feller there,' said
the boozy but chivalrous one, as he
swayed to and fro, *I — I'm drunk, an' I
know it, but I — I'll get over it; but you —
you're a hog, an' you— you'll never get
over it, no eirree.' "
A stage career begun under Augustln
Daly has been marked with many suc
cesses. Miss Oldcastle's last appearance
In New York was in the early part of the
summer as the Countess Natalie Del
monte Veccio with Dan Daly In "John
Henry," in which she scored heavily.
"When Gertrude Coghlan was selecting
the members of her company to appear
in "The Last of the Bolssacs" a tall and
handsome brunette came in to see her.
"Just the woman we want," whispered
Miss Coghlan to her manager, and in a
few minutes Eloulna Oldcastle had signed
a contract to be Miss Coghlan's leading
woman. It was afterward learned that,
required to act the character of a Count
ess on the stage. Miss Oldcastle is in
reality Josephine, Countess de Castelvec
chio, daughter of the Count of Castelvec
chio, who was the Bon of Louis Bona
parte, brother of Napoleon I.
"After the last sad rites I approached
him, more in sorrow than in anger.
" 'Doctor,' I said, 'you led me to believe
that you were a medical student, didn't
you?'
" 'No, Mr. Dockstader, I did not. I told
you I was following the medical profes
sion, and I am. I'm an undertaker.' "
"The other day on a train coming Into
New York," said Lew Dockstader, "I met
a young man who was introduced to me
as Dr. Blank, and after some conversa
tion with him I said:
" 'What kind of a doctor are you? Med
ical, teeth or feet?'
" 'Well,' eald he, 'to tell you the truth,
Mr. Dockstader, I'm not a regular doctor
yet, but I'm following the medical profes-
Bion.'
" 'Oh,' said I, "you haven't graduated
yet.' and the entire incident passed from
my mind until a few weeks later I at
tended tho funeral of an acquaintance,
and who should I see handing out camp
chairs to the mourners but my friend the
doctor.
"Old Shrines and Ivy," "Brown Heath
and Bluebells," and the numerous other
works that attest his genius.- "Mary of
Magdala" was published in book form
simultaneously with Mrs. FisKe's reap
pearance in New York in the play.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUJNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 3903.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
46Meade Relief Corps.
T^E last meting oflGeneral G. G.
Meade Relief CorpslNo. 61 was at
tended by many ntt?mber3 and sev
eral members of Eastern branches of tha
order. The ladies of this corps will give
an entertainment and dance In Red Men'a
Hall October 8, when an interesting pro
gramme will be presented.
Fraternal Brotherhood. •
THE nightcap part> recently given
by Mission Ledge cf the Fratern
al Brotherhood in Excelsior Hall
was well attended ar.d was a most en
joyable affair that v. as conducted under
tin dir<-ction of the committee of arrange
ments composed of Miss L. Ft»brer,krug,
£lrs. Lillian Dyg^rt. S. p.; Miss Augus
tinen. Miss Weldon. Dr. a. F. Veale, M.
Common and Mies Saunders. In addition to
i. itll^htfal piosramnve of dances there
,- members and since then it has held sev
eral meetings and at each there have been
additions to the membership by initiation.
On September 17 the circle gave Its first
"at home," ! when there was a pleasing
programme contributed by Miss Dassen
dlll, Miss Pragg, Charles Davalos, J. Mc-
Manus, M. Lawton and Eleanor Hellman.
After ¦ the programme Companion J.
Valente treated the members and visitors
to ice cream.
Court Unity, Jackson, Amador County,
who came to this city some time ago for
the benefit of his health, has so far re
covered that last week he left for his
home.
William Brewer and Thomas Johnson,
members of Court Unity, and S. V. Ahl
berg, past chief ranger, and G. A. Ander.
son of one of the courts in Utah, were
visitors at the office of Permanent Secre
tary Falconer last week.
Bohemian Circle had a pleasant social
on the third Friday in September.,
California Circle has arranged for a so
dal on the evening of September 30.
Supreme Chief Companion Mra. Valente
and Supreme Sub-Chief Mrs. Berger are
visiting the circles In Amador County.
The juvenile band is arranging for a <
concert, day and night, at the Chutes, i
The Past Chief Rangers' Association will »
have a dav and night at the same place 1
on October 7. ,
The whist tournament between Court
Wyersdale and Court Lincoln resulted In a 1
.victorv. by a narrow margin in favor of i
LADIES WHO ARE WELL
KNOWN IN THE FRATERNAL
WORLD.
Court Lincoln, wmen -was awarded the
magnificent cup donated by J. H. Duncan.
The presentation was followed by a colla
tion served by the losing to the " winning
court.
A new circle, Companions of the Forest,
to be known as Golden Gate No. 234, was
recently instituted with forty charter
Ancient Order Workmen.
CARNATION LODGE of the De
gree of Honor. A. O. U. "W., gave
a social In the Laurel Hall of
the Shiels building on the evening of Sep
tember 24. The parties given by this
lodge have in the past been very success
ful and their popularity is made manifest
by the large number of people who attend
them.
. Porget-Me-Not Lodge of the same order
had a very interesting meeting last week.
THE members of Yosemite Tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men
on the evening of September 17 in
company with their families and friends
enjoyed a delightful trolley ride. They
reached the ocean beach at 10 at night,
where a lunch waa partaken of, after
which thero was dancing until midnight,
when the conductor of the train caiU-d
out "all aboard" and the gay party started
for home. The affair waa under the di
rection of a committee composed of O. H.
Butzke, C West. A. Hergott, A. Leh
man and T. E. "Bradley.
The Red Mea.
Courts Advocate and Piedmont of Ala
meda County report that they are mak
ing good progress for the order and in
creasing the membership roll.
Court Occidental celebrated the twenty
third anniversary of its fraternal birth
by an entertainment and dance in Golden
Gate Hall on the night of the third
Thursday in September. High Chief
Ranger Sar.bcrn, who r.'as present, de
livered a very interesting address.
Past Chief Ranser William Trerrery of
COURT WTERSDALE of the An
cient Order of Foresters at its
meeting on the first Monday in
September was favored with a visit from
members cf the order In Berkeley, there
being among the visitors David Barnes,
wtio at some length explained his ideas as
to how the Ancient Order of Foresters
can be extended in this State.
Court San Gottardo of Oakland at its
last meeting Initiated eight strangers and
received the applications of seventeen
who v.-ant to become members of the
ccurt.
Ancient Forestry.
California Consistory.
CALIFORNIA CONSISTOP.T No. 5.
A. and A. 3. R. 31.. Frank B. Ladd
commanding, on the evening of
September 13 conferred the thirty-second
degree on a class of twenty-five. The de
gree was conferred by Fred J. H. Rtck
son, who was assisted by members of
Oakland Consistory JTo. 2 of Oakland. It
was, for the first time in this city, con
ferred with all the officers in costume.
The robes are all new and said to be the
most magnificent ever worn by officers.
They were procured at a cost of $1230.
Members of the order who have witnessed
the work performed in some of the East
ern cities, where it i3 claimed the acme of
perfection has been reached, stated that
California's work was Just a little bet
ter than anything they had ever seen.
The music Incidental to the work was by
a choir composed of Miss Millie Flynn,
soprano; Charles L. GoetfJng. tenor; Miss
Adeline E. Birchler, contralto; S. Homer
Henley, basso, and J. H. Pratt, organist.
Alameda Council was visited by the
grand officers named and on that occa
sion they were accompanied by Past Re
gents Davidson, Hodgkins and Bartlett
and Alternate Supreme Representative
Dixon. This- council. It appeared from
the record, has just passed the 100 mark.
It expects to attain the 200 mark before
the. next session of the Grand Council.
Buena Vista Council at Its meetins on
September 17 had a jinks in honor of
Grand Secretary Maloon. Dr. S. W. Truitt
acted as chairman of the evening. The
following was the programme of the even
ing, which was greatly appreciated:
"The Serenade," Buena Vista Orchestra;
violin solo. Edgar Goldsmith; club swing-
Ing. J. Harding Lewis; whistling solo.
Carl Crich ton; address of welcome, G.
Gunzendorf er; * response, D. "W. Maloon,
G. S.: cornet solo, Henry Auerbach; tenor
solo, "William Osilvie; piano solo. Morris
ARGONAUT COUNCIL at its last
meeting received an official
visit from Grand Regent Gun
zendorfer and Grand Secretary X>. "W. Ma
loon, the latter a resident of Los An
geles. These officers were accompanied
by Deputy Grand Regent G. L. Davidson
of Los Angeles, Past Regent A. F. Howell
and a number of the local deputies. Dur
ing tho evenine the grand regent pre
sented to George W. Dixon, secretary of
the council, a beautiful gold watch charm
in recognition of his work in securing
within a given period and having had ini
tiated more candidates than any other
member in the State. The presentation
speech was eulogistic of one* of the most
indefatigable workers for the Royal Ar
canum. There was a modest response
and this was followed by addresses by
G. L. Davidson, A. F. Howell, Colonel J.
J. Tobin, Dr. W. F. Lewis, M. S. da
Roco, CM. Howe, F. Head, W. E. Bene
dict and Regent Lonsworth.
The grand regent and grand secretary
paid a visit to San Jose Council and to
a good representation of the member
ship they delivered stirring and encour
aging addresses for the good of the or
der. The officers and members promised
to double the membersnlp of the council
before the close of the year.
Royal Arcanum.
Independent Foresters.
HIGH CHIEF RANGER COOPER
cf the Independent Order of For
esters paid a visit to Stockton last
week to eee that the details for the ses
sion of the High Court are being carried
out and that proper arrangements are
tnaCe for the reception of Scpreme Chief
Ranger Oronhyateka.
All plans are being perfected for the
large class initiation In this city on the
occasion of the visit of the supreme chief
ranger on October 17. The board of depu
ties, through G. Q. Stewart, chairman,
end O. K. Brown, secretary, has sent a
stirring appeal to the members of th«
Eeveral courts to make a big ehowing on
that occasion. •'; %
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger Stewart
is soon to pay an official visit to Court
Buena Esperanza in Salinas.
The snowball party given In Franklin
Hall by Court' Golden Gate's auxiliary,
Golden Gate Social Club, was a decided
eucceaa. The hail waa crowded and dur
ing the evening there was a ehower of
enowballs which for a time was bo fierce
that some were nnder the impression that
they encountered a real snowstorm.
Court Mission at Its last eeeslon gav«
evidence that it proposes to make a good
6hoTring at the class initiation.
On September 22 Court Noe Valley had
en open meeting that was attended by a
large number of people, who were treated
to a pleasing literary, musical and Intel
lectual programme. Among the visitors
were Supreme Deputy Chief Ranger G. Q.
Stewart and General Deputy High Chief
Ranger E. X. Cameron, also the entire
membership of Companion Court Yerba
Buena. The programme was followed by
a dance.
Court Seal Rock at Its meeting Septem
ber 21 received fourteen applications.
Supreme Deputy Chief Ranger Stewart,
G-eneral Deputy Cameron and High Mar-
Ehal Murphy paid a visit on September 24
to the court in Salinas and delivered
spirited talks for the good of the order.
SAX FRANCISCO Council of the Or
der of Americus on the evening of
September 22 tendered a reception
to Colonel C. Mason Kinne, one of its
honorary members, to show It3 apprecia
tion of his election as senior vice com
mander of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic. The affair, which was a very pleajant
one for members of the order only, was
arranged byE. A. Smith, I. Danziger and
John Van Alen. Dr. TV. C. Hassler on
behalf of the council delivered a short
congratulatory address, to which Colonel
Klnno responded in eloquent patriotic lan
guage, as the order is a patriotic one.
This was followed by remarks appropriate
to the occasion by E. A. Smith, who in
conclusion invited all to partaka of a
first-class collation. Before this was at
tended to the guest of the evening was
introduced to each member of the order
present.
Order of Americus.
Piano eolo, Mrs. Gertrude Cowles: epe
cia!ties, "baby Inez and baby Ody; violin
£o!o°, Albert Morrison (accompanied by
Cecil Cowkf); ecng ar.d dance, Kota Car-
Un; banjo solo. "W. Miller (accompanied
by Cecil Cowles); recitation (by special
request), Miss Mabel McNaJly; specialties.
Gertrude Bisters; vocal solo. Miss Es
telle Cranna; recitation, Byron Bent; vio
lin eolo, Mrs. Alice Guthrie; comic Epe
cialtles, Tom Carlin; vocal eolo, Mrs.
Grace Dai-is.
This was followed by the young peo
ple's delight, dancing, for two hours. The
affair was most admirably managed un
der the direction cf & committee, of which
Mrs. Nellie Blaxgy was the chairman.
The ball that was given en the everdng
cf September 18 In the assembly call of
the Red Men's building by California Cir
cle wes well attended and proved a so
cial success. There was a good pro
gramme of fiances, first-class rausip and
much enthuslasm
• The "Woodmen's visiting committee paid
a Visit o» September 10 to Redwood Cusp
r.r.d was jwcll received. Thwe were In
structive talks by eeveral members of the
committee, of which P. F. Gilroy is the
chairman and David Oliver Jr.. editor of
the Pacific "Woodman, eecretary. On Sep
tcmbtr 2S the committee will visit Ta
miJpaJs Camp", on October 5 Golden Gate
Cemp anfi on October 27 the circles of the
Women of "Woodcraft in -Eagles' Hall.
On September 23 the Choppers' Friend
ship Club held an interesting meeting In
Its hail in the Pioneer building. A number
cf applications for membership were pre
sented and referred to committees en In
vestigation. This club wants to Increase
its mernbtrship to 1000.
The first whist party cf ttie season by
Spruce C;rcle of the Women cf Wood
craft was on September 17 in the Wood
men's new hall. Alaineda. The attend
ence was the largest ever seen at a whist
entertainment by this circle and it proved
a gratifying success. There were many
complimentary remarks on the beautiful
appearance of the fca'.l, which was deco
rated with potted plants and lit up with
¦oft shaded electric bulbs. The seven
prizes, donated by members cf the circle.
were awarded to Mrs. Casswell. Mrs.
Goldstone, Miss Hansen. Miss Farno and
Messrs. Nlssen. Iianscn and Follrath.
The entertainment that was given In
the Eagles' Hall in the early part cf Sep
tember by Redwood Circle No. 72, "Women
cf "Woodcraft, was cne of the greatest
euccesses in that line that this circle has
ever given. There were more than 400
people in the hall and these were enter
tained with a lengthy and interesting pro
gramme made up of the following num
bers:
Woodcraft.
(~*\ AN. FRANCISCO CTRCL.E of the
*^^ Women of Woodcraft Issued ln
-k., J vitations la the fora of a rail
road ticket "good for cue continuous trip
and return to the Ice cream, social, enter
tainment e£i. dance on Friday evening,
September £5, In Mission Masonic HalL '
A feature of the er.tertair.ment "vraa th©
giving of a. prize to the inost popular lady
who attended and one to the laziest man.
The Harvest Home festival given Sep
tember 22 by Jubilee Rebekah Lodge in
the Odd Felows' hall was well attended
and was a social success.
The membership of Oriental Rebekah
Lodge will give a party in the banquet
hall of the Odd Fellows' building October
14, and there will be presented for the en
tertainment of those in attendance a farce
by the Daughters of Hilario Jocundl, com
posed of members of the lodge. During
the progress of the farce a stranger will
be admitted into the mysteries of the Jo
cund! and there will be fun for a half
hour. The programme will be followed
by dancing.
UVITT LODGE of the I. O. O. F.
on the evening of September 22
held an open meeting for the pur
pose of doing honor to Past Grand Mas
ter "W. H. Barnes, who on that night
celebrated the sixty-ninth anniversary of
his birth and the forty-eighth anniversary
of his initiation as an Odd Fellow. There
was an Interesting programme of en
tertainment and an address of congratu
lation to the guest of honor, who is a
member of the lodge. To this William
Henry Barnes replied In eloquent terms.
Grand Master Baker on September 23
paid an official visit to Porter Lodge In
Oakland and was greeted by a large at
tendance of the members and visitors.
The visit was an instructive as well as an
interesting one and at the close of tEe
meeting there was an evidence of the
hospitality of the lodge.
On the evening of the 24th of September
the grand master officially visited Franco-
Americane Lodge, the French lodge of
this city. He was graciously received and
the visit proved a pleasant one, for the
grand master has the happy faculty of
making himself a welcome visitor wher
ever he goes.
Odd Fellows.
great aggregation of handsome ladles
with their escorts, who in the early part
of the evening were entertained with
mandolin selections by the Garcia broth
e*e and the CaviUe elsters, Indian club
swinging by Professor O'Reiley and vo
cal selections by Miss Fisher. Then there
was dancing for two hours.
"Western Addition Lodge had several
candidates to Initiate at Its meetinsr on
the third Thursday In September. There
were present a number of the members
of the sister lodges, who were anxious
to eee how the officers of this new lodge
did the work. From the remarks made
it was evident that they were pleased
with- It. -v
Progress Lodge on tfte second Friday
in September enjoyed a banquet served
to winners of a contest for membership
by the losing eide. It was for members
only and it was decidedly enjoyable.
General Organizer H. C. Lewis has or
ganized a new lodge called Sunset, which
will transact its business in this city.
Ho also Instituted a new lodga at San
Mateo. being assisted In the work by R.
S. Barclay as past president.
celved three applications.
ON the evening of the third Friday
in September Noble Grand Arch
Beck, accompanied by Grand Sec
retary Martlnoni, visited the grove in
Sonoma officially. There was a large at
tendance, two candidates were initiated
and after the work of the evening thera
was a banquet in the Swiss Hotel In
honor of the visiting officers. From there
the grand officers were driven to Napa as
the guests of Past Arch Streb and Mrs.
Streb. In the evening they visited Fra
ternity ar.d "William Tell groves in joint
session. At this place there were ad
dresses for the good of the order and the
Instruction In the new work by the grand
officers. They were joined at thi3 p'.aco
by Past Noble Grand Arch Henry Langa
of St. Helena. This visit was followed
by a banquet at the California Hotel, at
which a number of ladies were present.
L. Banchero was the toast master and
in addition to remarks in response to
toasts by the grand officers there were
responses by Supervisor Bush, Judjre
Davis and Mrs. Arnitz. The grand officers
were then driven to St. Helena and there
they visited the local grove. At that
meeting the officers conferred the second
degree in the amplified form in a manner
that astonished the visitors. It was with
a perfectness that has seldom been ex
celled before and Galileo Grove of this
city, which has always been looked upon
as the most perfect in that degree, has
a dangerous rival in the members of the
St. Helena team. After the official work
the doors were thrown open and thoso
present, together with the members of
Olive Circle, marched to the banquet hall
where an excellent supper wa3 served.
J. G. Johnson was the toast master and
there were addresses by tho grand and
several past grand officers.
The Druids.
Franklin Lodge at its meeting on Sep
tember 10 initiated one stranger and re-
On October 20 there will be a school of
instruction of the Degree of Honor in
Odd Fellows' Hall, Haywards, for the
purpose of reviewing the work of the or
der and devising ways to extend Its lim
its; also, to instruct the officers in the
ritualistic and floor work.
It was attended by District Deputy Lucy
McNear and officers and members of Sil
ver Spray and Carnation lodges. Several
petitions for membership were presented
and there were encouraging talks ' by the
visitors. This lodge Is making arrange
ments for an entertainment and dance to
be given in the near future.
were several musical numbers between
dances which were very much enjoyed.
This lodge, though quite young. Is fast
becoming one of the popular fraternal
organizations in the Mission district.
The monthly entertainment given by
San Francisco Lodge on the eecond Fri
day in September in the Native Sons'
building was well attended and those who
contributed to the pleasure of the even
ing were rewarded with many rounds of
applause. The programme was followed
by dancing and all had a good time.
Columbia Ledge had an open meeting
September 14 in Kuby Hall, Red Men's
building, for its members and their friends
who were not members. There was a
Among those who were present at tho
thirteenth anniversary ball of Orinda
Parlor In Nativ* Sons' Hall were Grand
President Mias SteHa Finkelday. Mlsa
Nelllo Mulcay, D. D. Gt P.; Emma G.
Foley, G. T.. and "W. E. Foley, Grand
Marshal of the Native Sons. The ball
was one of the great social successes of
this parlor.
Piedmont Parlor will have a ¦whist tour
nament in Ben Hur Hall. Oakland, Octo
ber 8, under the supervision of the follow
ing named committee: Miss Gertrude
Bibber, chairman; Mrs. Jennld Jordan,
Miss Minnie Diefebach, Miss Lena Ham
merly, Mrs. I^Iltan Murden, Mrs. Jennie
Brown. ". : -V ; - .
Native Daughters.
FREMONT PARLOR of the Native
Daughters of the Goldea "West was
to have received an official visit
from Grand President Finkelday last
week. The hall was prettily decorated,
a fine collation was prepared and a token
of fraternal affection was secured to pre
sent to her, but the Grand President
came not and no word of explanation was
received, therefore the Fremont girls
were "awfully disappointed."
Golden State Parlor celebrated Pioneer
day on September IS. when the following
programme was presented: Piano solo.
Miss Lulu Fahrenkrug; First Vice Presi
dent's Charge, Miss- Agnes Stecker; vocal
solo. Miss Emma Fahrenkrug; Past Pres
ident's Charge, Mrs. Barbara Denahey;
piano solo, Miss Agnes Stecker: reading.
"Men "Who Never Die." Miss Millie Tlet-
Jen; specialties. Miss Johanna Mev,er; ap
propriate remarks. Miss Hattie Reusche;
song, "My Native Land," the parlor.
Hereafter Las Tarroasos Parlor will
meet in Native Sons' Hall on the first and
third Fridays.
There Is a great demand from, the par
lors for the emblem of the ordar. as th6
Grand Parlor has ordered that It shall
be placed In every meeting hall.
The summary of legislation by the Iaat
held Grand Parlor, issued in advance of
the proceedings, has proved very helpful.
It meets with the approval of all the par
lors that are trying to carry out the or
ders of the governing body.
Ealaizer: selection. "Fiddle Dee Dee,"
Buena Vista Orchestra.
• - --¦;,-?
TNTETt NOS CIRCLE of the Compan
ions o fthe Forest of America cele
'* brated the tenth anniversary of its in
m station as a subordinate or the or
,.'-^* x fler i>r giving an entertainment, ball
ar.d eupfier in the assembly hall of
e Alcazar building on the evening" of
•September 10. It was an invitation affair
«::r.d*12j answered the invitation to be pres-
c at Among these present, outside of the
¦ h.embersh'p of the circ>. were Mrs. It
•Worms, who once held the office of grand
"chief companies; Grand Financial Secre
tary Aliss Agnes D. Brerner, Grand Treas
urer Mrs. Essie Kragen and friends of the
•circle from other local circles. The hall
;n which tUe guests assembled was taste
'luily decorated and prominent among
the decorations *were many American
fiags to *how the membership's patriot
ism. There vras a well arranged pro
gramme of dar.ces ar.d between dances
there were several musical and literary
numbers. One of the features of such
r umbers was the singing by "Baby" Har
lington, whose vocal rendition was loudly
applauded. After the programme a pro
cession was formed for the banquet hal!.
This was hearted by the only four char
ter members whose names appear on the
roll, namely, Thomas Eiake, Mrs. Emma
Agnes Harrington. Miss Maggie Forest
and Mrs. Mary Connell, P. G. R. S., and
then followed the officers of the circle,
the grand officers and the Invited guests.
During the supper there was presented to
Mr. and Mrs. Beidenbach and Mr. and
Mrs. Larkln. members cf the circle who
were recently married, and to Miss Alice
Fegan, also a member who is to be mar
ried in a short time, a very handsome
china tea set each. In order that there
rr.ight not be any Jealousy each eet was
the counterpart of the other. The toast
master of the evening. Dr. T. Blake,
called upon a number to respond to sen
limerts appropriate t 0 t.v e occasion. Af
ter the supper there was a return to tho
dancing hall, where dancing -was resumed
under, the direction of Patrick Henry
Ccjle, the efficient floor manager. An
c musing feature of the evening was the
reading of en original skit on the prom
5r>eat members cf the circle by Miss Tony
Casten.
Court SeaJ Rock at its meeting on the
pecond Thursday In September initiated
fix candidates and It has a number more
to initiate. During the current term thus
far the court has Initiated twenty-four,
¦who were secured by Chief Rticcer An
derson.
At the meeting cf Excelsior Circle on
The third Tuesday in September it was
presented with a beautiful banner offered
to the circle making the greatest gain in
membership during the twelve months
preceding last June. The trophy was ac
cepted by Ccrnparicn Harriscn on behalf
of it»e circle.
M. Levy, cne of the delegates to CRe
Supreme Court, was tendered a welcome
h< ;pe last ¦week by Court Golden Era. of
.which he is a member. There was a large
:;;tt-r.dance and after an address by Past
«"hief Ranger Nagla upon h's safe re
' turn, there was an appropriate response
by the guest cf the evening and Epeeches
by Jacob Label, editor of the American
Forester Review; L. L. Key, E. A. Smith,
. i* \V. Staneart and other*, also song3 by
t J. ilcLaughlin. L. Lauff. E. A. Little and
L. F. Eunnell Jr. This was followed by
Jh«*» serving of a collation and the dis
tribution cf light refreshments and clg-ara.
. The sew Supreme Chief Ranger J. I*.
'.'.'¦ '.'.'Y has accepted the Invitation of
. Crand Chief Ranger Gabriel to visit the
•'. urts cf California during the latter part
If the year.
Court Eclipse had a successful social on
'" the ovenir.fr cf September 17.
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood has returned from,
Uk of the Supreme Circle of the
• Companions of the Forest of America,
. ] ulng been re-elected unanimously to the
. •_•;?« of supreme chief companion.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
THE SAN FRAST CISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
47YOUNG MATRON, BRIDE-TO-BE
AND A POPULAR SOCIETY
GIRL. ¦-... •'
J. E. Dodson, who is an old friend of
Arthur Pinero, declares that the famous
English dramatist composes hl3 plays
with great rapidity. "Like Sardou," says
Mr. Dodson, "Plncro is slow in accumu
lating material, but when once the thne
for using It arr Ives he writes with re
markable :?P eed ' and within three or four
weeks tie drama is ready for th« stago
manager."
Have you seen" the ~ diamond-studded
handbags that are so much affected in
the East? What next in the line of gor
geousness of attire? Here are clusters of
'diamonds niassed together and ' lncrusted
in finest leather, to be worn, of course,
over the wrist. What news; for our breth
ren out on parole! ...-.?;;
' As. to accessories of toilet, we are drift
ing to the sensuous extravagance of em
pire days, when the body and its trap
pings occupied the. minds of the people,
and. it. Is scarcely a note of progress.
And the embroidered gowns— what beau
tiful creations they are, even the street
costumes. . Of the gowns recently Import
ed but few are without this embellish
ment, some by • hand, but more by ma
chine. And such exquisite coats— in grays,
whites and. tans. A very smart j model is
a white broadcloth, relieved -in blue and
made In strictly military fashion. It waa
stunning, and no mistake. It should in
• ¦ • •
success.
tals in life with something of an assured
.The Mills family have moved to the
Cecil, their home on Jackson street hav
ing been rented for the winter. r
Among the girls ; of the smart set that
showed discretion' in their choice, of
parents the Misses Ardella "and Elizabeth
Mills manifested a fine intelligence. A
jrood choice in that matter starts us mor-
'•M*m»
. • On . Sunday _ last . Miss . Ednah . Robinson
gave a tea in honor of her sister, which
through Its informality was a very pleas
ant-affair. ... :¦.-.:
¦ Among: the recent- brides there is none
more pleasantly entertained than Mrs.
George P. Beardsley. As one of the
clever Robinson' girls, she Is a delightful
ffuest to entertain or to entertain for
she can and is willing to do her share
at any function that is graced with her
presence. ¦
• • . •
She is often seen .with ' tIT» sprightly
Miss .Anna Sj>erry, .and a charming pair
of debutantes they will be.
One of the most winsome buds that is
to come out this winter is Miss Etelka
Williar - of Sausallto. Well bred, well
poised and stunning, it is a safe conjec
ture that* her season "Will" be one of tri
umph. •
A popular girl, who was always admired
for her own sake, rather than for her dis
tinguished father's, the bride will bear
with her on her matrimonial voyage the
well wishes of hosts of army and civilian
friends.
Lieutenant J. R. R. Hannay of the Sec
ond Infantry will take place In Washing
ton, D. C. on October 7 at St. Thomas
Episcopal Church. Miss Margaret Knight,
daughter of Major J. T. Knight, will be
maid of honor, and there will be six
bridesmaids. The six ushers will be se
lected from the . regiment of the bride
groom. The men will be In uniform and
the decorations at the church and the
house will be In the army colors. The
ceremony will be followed by a small re
ception at the home of the father, 22 Jack
eon place. - j.1
The marriage of Miss Elizabeth Young,
daughter of General S. ' B. M. Younc. to
As our community grows older it grows
more Intelligent; as It grows in intelli
gence It grows less worshipful of money.
While money is a necessary medium it is
a means to an end — not an end in itself.
Therefore the cultivation of women's
clubs— a primary step in the direction of
mental and spiritual development— should
receive general encouragement and sup
port, for here clever ne3S,, breeding • and
tact! are the passports of initiation
rather than bulk of purse.
The clubs that entertained during the
last week were the Daughters of Callfor
nia_Pioneers,, at _ which Fairfax /Wheelan
delivered a delightful and Instructive ad
dress'on "Th'e : City Beautiful"; the Cali
fornia Club, at ; whose rooms 1 an informal
reception was "held in honor of the presi
dent, Mrs. George Law S/nith ; the Forum k
which offered its members, and guests a
trip through Rome by means' of Henry
Payot's views of the ancient city,- and the
Papyrus Club, at which John McNaught
told the ladles' what he thought of wo
men's clubs. That he - thought well" of
them is an easy guess— any other opinion
would scarcely be ienable before S00 able
bodied women. It is, however, the unani
mous opinion of all men of Mr. Mc-
Naught's mental caliber that women's
clubs— while furnishing harmless jokes for
the facetious— are producing better and
higher ideals of life, more understandable
mothers and more companionable" wives.
maids and matrons on the right track of
that necessary element so relentle&sly
pursued by many, but without success—
w-ho are unfortunately on the wrong trail.
The following young women are the
twelve who find in doing for others a
method of helping themselves and, as can
be seen, find ample time and pleasure In
social Joys that are the sweeter by way
of contrast: The Misses Emllie Hager.
Alice Hager, Charlotte Moulder, Grace
Buckley, Elena -Robinson, Helen de
Young. Mrs. Walter Dean and the Misses
Burnett, Melliss and Marshall.
That the young women enjoy their
hours thus taken up— and their other well
expended hours— is evidenced by their
radiant faces. And since true happiness
comes only from within, are not these
One of these coteries of social samari
tans meets weekly at Mrs. McKlnstry's
home on Pacific. avenue,' where they de
vote the deftness of their fingers and the
cheerfulness of their hearts for the ben
efit of a lot of little girls wha stand" in
eore need of both. They teach the little
ones to ply the needle with neatness and
skill and to overcome that, accompani
ment of the large-familied poor—button
loss backs.
One of the reasons why some of the
really charming, girls . of the smart set
have at times been unjustly pronounced
eay is unquestionably the result of a su
perabundance of high spirits rather than
a desire to tread the byways of Bohemia.
This effervescence, however, rightly di
rected, becomes • a powerful agency. for
good, lightening burdens, cheering heirts
and going Into the highways and byways
of the poor. That is one of the unques
tionably beautiful features of San Fran
cisco social life— its really vital interest In
its poor. ; . . -
• • . •
"caddesses"— and there are such, and not
only in our social set, but in the older
Eastern communities as well. Could any
thing be funnier than the aftermath of
the functions at Newport, where the
guests go about in deliberate quest of In
formation as to the cost of things at the
affairs they attend— even to the favors?
And then the conclusion is reached by
the matron who was buthaggled by her
neighbor that she will cut in the expenses
of her next affair. Then comes the cry of
cheapness and of horrid j paper favors,
which madam casts out of her cab win
dow as she drives home. Such has come
to be the state of things among the ultra
rich. The fundamental idea of entertain
ing—for the pleasure derived from meet
ing one's friends— is quite lost sight of,
and rivalry, envy and vulgar ostentation
take its place.. Fortunately, we have not
many "caddessep" in San Francisco.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star at ita
meeting September 21 initiated one
stranger and received several applica
tions, after which a supper was served
to the many members and visitors pres
ent. This chapter Is making preparations
for an entertainment and danca to be
given in Golden Gate Hall on the night
of October 5. The programme announced
by A. P. Heise and H. W. Maass Includes
mirthful songs by Misses Jeans Durell
and Bertha Reise and Fred Purdy, Wil
liam Hynes and Robert Dunphy; scenes
from Bulwer's "Lady of Lyons," under
the management of Captain and Mrs.
Richard Keene. who. respectively, will im
personate Claude Melnotte and Pauline,
with support recruited from the member
ship of the chapter as follows: "Widow
Melnotte, Mrs. Eva Sheeline; M. Deschap
pelles, George *W. Geauque; M. Beauseant,
Otto Fisher; Colonel Damas, C. L. P. Ma.
rals; and the notary, H. W. Haass. A
ball will follow the programme.
Golden Gate Chapter has mad* arrange
ments for a moonlight ride on the bay.
A commodious steamer has been secured
for the night of October 7. There will be
music for dancing and there will also be
a programme of son;?.
"¦ Dr. "W.'A. and Mrs. Lizzie Atwood. pa
tron and matron of Olive Branch Chap
ter, will be with the chapter at its next
meeting for the first time since their re
turn from the East, and they will be ten
dered a Joyous welcome by the chapter.
Starr King Chapter had work in tho
Initiatory degreo at Its last held meeting,
and then a social time for the members
and visitors.
Golden Gate Chapter elected two can
didates at its l' s: he '^ session.
Eastern Star.
that blushing brides are quite out of date
new, slnco women have acquired the poise
that comes from a sense of equality.
Miss Therese Morgan will become Mrs.
Norris King Davis on October 7. The cere
mony will take place at the bride's home,
on Clay street, at 9 o'clock.' Miss Morgan
Is a high-bred looking girl and ought to
be a stunning bride. This reminds us
• •¦'¦'¦•
The wedding of Miss Marian Coffin,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Coffin of
Ross Valley, to Sheppard Ells, the young
attorney, took place yesterday at the
chapel Jin the valley. A reception to rela
tives and immediate friends followed. The
young people will reside In the Western
Addition, where the groom has prepared
an attractive home for his bride.
• • • •
The invitations for the "assembly" have
gone out, the first of which will occur
November 23, the second December 31 and
the third January 29. These affairs give
promise of royal good times for the young
folk. The advent of the young married
people will lend a zest to the affairs, and
as for the debutantes — well, they are ex
hausting their full complement of adjec
tives in discussing: the different kinds of
times they intend to have. If there's any
real.. fun In assemblies, where so many
take their pleasures sadly, these girls will
find it. ; •¦.£;:;¦•
• ¦ • .- •
Mrs. Louis H. Long, daughter of Colonel
and Mrs. A. M. Burns of "Washington
street, Is visiting her mother. She win
remain several months, covering, perhaps,
the period of Miss Daisy's nuptials.
• • • ¦ •
Mr. . Carlsen, the clever artist, with his
wife, spent last Sunday at the studio of.
Mr. Peters, who Is host after the good
old Paris fashion. • -V
• • •
' Monterey Is really Quite, active In an In
formal way. Colonel "Ward and his charm.
Ing daughter contributing to the pleas
antries, likewise Major Lassiter and wife.
• • •
I . Charles Rollo Peters, the artist who has
made . Monterey with its adobes familiar
to thousands of art lovers, entertained
Miss Vesta Shortridge, Miss Maxwell and
Captain Bridges last week at dinner. ;".- :
• ¦•;-.*¦•
this military post become popular, espe
cially with the fair maids who will sigh
when 1 the Seventh folds its tents and
steals away.
In epeaking of cads. It is hardly fair
to pass the subject without a word to the
The remedy? Well, if a maid be dis
cerning It will not take her long to gauge
a fellow who will tell her of his affairs
¦with other girls— with a suggestive wink
and the ambiguous phrase, "Oh, she's a
good fellow." That is the way to catch
him— when he canvasses another girl's
exploits in your hearing, with His inde
fensible shrugs and innuendoes. Just
brand him then and there as a. character
thief and turn him out that the world
may beware of him and his criminality.
Hla offense is not Jailable, but none the
\e*z eondcmnable — this Is the nearest ap
proach to the right word that elegance
will permit — at least, for woman's use.
Then, too, there is another remedy for
the extirpation of the cad and that is:
Don't do things that he can construe and
distort Into evidences of abandon or Im
morality. Every fair and broad minded
woman In the world will admit to herself,
and to others if Ehe is honest, that in the
exuberance and buoyancy of girlhood,
with its Inexperience and vague concep
tions of social relations, ehe found her
self In many situations that were hardly
In accord with seminary rules. Not that
ehe did/ not possess absolute and definite
ideals of morality, but she failed to scent
the odor of wrong doing in her girlish
pranks and escapades; now these are Just
the .things that these emblazoned and be
gilded social outlaws have endeavored to
distort Into moral breaches.
your eompanionphip, but
turning about on his contemptible heel
'the day after and paying things that
"would make rather .unpleasant hearing,
that is, if you car*\ and most of you do.
"And the paradoxical part of it is that two
of these character thieves possess the ex
ternals of gentlemen and bear upon their
choulders the emblems that stand for
honor. While "conduct unbecoming a
asrentleman"' has In times past caused the
elimination of the bibulous or the dishon
est from army and navy circles, there are
offenses that cannot be definitely denig
rated that are really more flagrant—in
asmuch as the very nature of the offense
precludes en open defense and for that
reason the cad escapes the thrashing he
to well deserves.
MAIDS and matrons, hark ye!
The cad is abroad in your
midst, partaking of your
. kindness, accepting your
hospitality and courting
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1903.
SOCIETY
48