SALONICA, Aug. 30.— The Bulgarian insurgents sustained a severe reverse at Smilovo Friday, 1000 of them being kitted*' The^in
surgents, to the number of 3000, occupied a position on a height, which was stormed by six battalions of Turkisfatroops, com- .
manded by Servet Pasha, After losing 1000 of their number the Bulgarians fled in the face of the heavy Turkispartiilery fire;
The Turkish losses were insignificant. 0 •;• '• ¦ . ; . . ! . J^ •¦ -
The Bulgarian insurgents on capturing the town of Neveska August 25 seized the arms and ammunition of the garrison, levied a .
contribution of $5000 on the town and then withdrew, to the mountains. The Turkish troops on their arrival bombarded the town^but
i receiving no response they entered without molesting the inhabitants. V f.;
TURKISH BATTALIONS STORM HEIGHTS
AND SLAT ONE THOUSAND BULGARIANS
LATE MILLIONAIRE WHO MET TRAGIC DEATH NEAR PARIS AND
FORMER CITIZENS OF THIS CITY WHOSE NAMES AS WITNESSES
APPEAR ON PURPORTED WILL OF DECEASED.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., Aug. SO.—De
spite the gale and driving rainstorm
that has continued for three days,
President and Mrs. Roosevelt, accom
panied by two or three of the younger
children, attended services to-day at
Christ Episcopal Church. The President
spent the remainder of the day quietly
at Sagamore HilL No -visitors were ret
ccived, • i
ROOSEVELT FAMILY GOES
'jt'O CHURCH DESPITE STORM
Mrs. Fair's relatives are. now. engaged
In taking testimony In New York for the
purpose of proving, if possible, that Mrs.
Fair survived her husband in the accident
that ended both of their lives. Mrs. Nel
son, mother of Mrs. Fair, originally ac
cepted" $250,000 as a settlement of her
claims against the estate, but later repu
diated this settlement and Instituted pro
ceedings in New York State, which has
delayed the closlnsr of the probate pro
ceedings here.: ".. '
The first suggestion of a. putative heir
to the estate of the late Charles L. Fair
came through the agency of Attorney W.
L. Cannon on October 10, 1902. On that
date Cannon called at the Fair heirs' of
fice, and, gaining an audience with Man
ager Charles Neal, Informed him that an
heir existed and that his client, a' woman,
was prepared to produce, the child and
documentary evidence of it3 right, to
share In the estate left by Charles L. Fair.
Cannon refused to go Into details re
garding the child. He later saw Herman
Oelrlchs on the same subject and to him
he was. also very reticent. .When seen
later by a representative of the newspa
pers Cannon declined to be interviewed
and from that day until this purported
will was received by Judge • Murasky the
question as to whether, Fair was sur
vived by a child has not been revived.
Attorneys Knight and. Heggerty from the
start ridiculed the suggestion of a- possi
bility of an infant heir to the estate of
Fair and defied Cannon to bring his cli
ent and his evidence Into the courts.
: MAY : BE f PREPARED.
"The reference to Charles I* Fair Jr. In
TAKING TESTIMONY.
Fairs are "preparing to force the contend
ing relatives of the late Mrs. Fair to come
to San Francisco and fight out their case
here.
the alleged will received by Judge Mu
rasky may yet prove that the ridiculed
alleged heir Is prepared to lay claim to
a portion of the Fair millions, and this
suggestion has awakened Intense Inter
est in * the case. ,
In speaking of the alleged will Judga
Mnrasky said:
"When I first opened the package It
presented such an unusual appearance
that I thought It* was a Joke. When I
read the will I was naturally surprised,
as I never had heard of any Charles L.
Fair Jr. excepting Attorney Cannon's
reference to an heir some time ago. Then,
again* it Is more than a year since Fair
died, and I have been wondering where
the document could have been all the
time.
"I am not familiar with either the sig
natures of Fair, General Barnes or Cap
tain Lees.
"The document Is now in the hands of
Mr. Casey, and, of course, nothing fur
ther will be done with It unless some one
asks to have it passed to probate.
"It may make a great difference in the
settlement of this vast estate, which has
long .been in the throes of litigation, but,
of course. If the will Is ever offered for
probate the case will rest on the genuine
ness of the three signatures to the docu
ment."
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
Although no "officials of the State De
partment would make any conjectures in
the event that Turkey should ask for the
withdrawal of the .fleet on -the ground
This renders his position here somewhat
peculiar from a diplomatic standpoint, es
pecially as the Porte has never seen fit
to conduct any important negotiations
through him. It is remarked as some
what significant that he should not have
received any word from his Government
In regard to the error in the assassina
tion report.
Sidky Bey, the second secretary of the
Turkish legation and who is also acting
Consul In New York City, has received a
message from his foreign office denying
the report that Mr. Magelsson was' mur
dered. It is very unusual for a Govern
ment to send such communications to a
Minister's subordinate when the Minister
is In the country, and this lends some
color to the gossip prevalent for some
time In Washington that Chekib Bey had
been, temporarily at least, "forgotten" by
his Government.
Chekib Bey, the Turkish Minister, who
yesterday declared he was coming at once
to Washington, did not call upon the
Secretary to-day, nor has Hay any knowl
edge of when he Is coming. Chekib Bey
has never presented his credentials to the
State Department or been received by
President Roosevelt.
Another day passed without further
news from Constantinople about the at
tempted assassination of Vice Consul
Magelsson at Beirut one week ago to
night. t
MINISTER A MYSTERY.
Admiral Cotton stating that
the cruisers Brooklyn and San Francisco
had sailed from Genoa for Beirut and ex
pected to .reach there by Friday.
Nothing is known here of the report by
way of London that Minister Leishman,
at the Turkish Government's request,
asked, or will ask that the American ships
be recal!ed. Up to a. late hour to-night
Secretary Hay had received no message
to this effect. Indeed, th<s State Depart
ment has not heard from the American
Minister to Turkey to-day.
No new orders have been sent to Rear
Admiral Cotton and none are contem
plated. So far as known here to-night, it
is the intention to keep the fleet going
until it reaches Turkish waters.
V Tt <8 ASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 30.
M S g —Acting Secretary of the
ff M J Navy Darling to-day re-
ceived a message from Rear
The signature of the 'testator bears the
alleged signatures of General W. H. L.
Barries and ex-Chief of Police I. W. Lees
as witnesses. General Barnes died July
21, 1902, nearly a . month before Fair and
his wife met their awful death near Paris
on August 14, 1902. .
Ex-Chief Lees died December 21, 1902,
more than \ four months after the death
of Fair, and while the probate proceed
ings were still before the, court. Among
those. who knew the i old: detective, it will
be readily assumed that if be bad known
of the existence of a will he would have
imparted his knowledge ' to those con
nected with the affairs of the Fair estate.
The deceased's wife, Maud Nelson Fair,'
was appointed executrix.
. The document as It now stands will re
main in' statu quo, arid will 'have no ef-;
feet unless someone comes ,f orward and
asks that it' be \ admitted to probate.
Just what bearing the alleged will may
have on .the settlement of the Fair case
is is : only a matter of speculation, for the
documents. will have to be formally pre
sented to ' the « court \ for record . and : its
genuineness will then be. readily deter
mined. ' At present thV attorneys of the
He immediately filed the document with
Deputy County Clerk e! J. Casey of the
Probate Department, in whose custody
it now Is. ¦ .
DOCUMENT IS FILED.
Murasky yesterday afternoon.
The principal bequests in the alleged will
are $800,000 to his son,' Charles I* Fair Jr.,
$500,000 to Joseph Harvey, $750,000 .for a
Catholic orphan asylum/ $40,000 for hos
pital uses for the city of San Francisco,
and the residue to Charles L. Fair's wife,
the late Maud Nelson Fair.
, The alleged will came through the reg
ular channels of the mail by means of
special delivery. "When Judge Murasky
returned, from lunch Saturday he found
an envelope addressed to F. J. Murasky,
Judge \ of the Superior Court. * It was
securely sealed. On opening the package
he was surprised to note a plain, white
envelope upon which was written "The
last will of Charles L. Fair."
This envelope was securely tied with
a string, and inside was the alleged will.
The document is typewritten on a piece
of ordinary office writing paper. The
Judge carefully examined the package to
ascertain if It contained anything to de
note from what source it came,' but there
was nothing of any description to give
him the slightest clue as to who was the
sender. '
' ' MYSTERIOUS document, pur
yA ported to be the last will and
/ » testament of the late Charles
>t""B Louis Fair, was received by
UC JsL Presiding Judge Frank J.
Bitter Legal Battle
May Grow Out
of Document
The demands made by Mr. Leishman on
the Porte as a result of the present trou
ble are only part of the questions at issue
between the United States and Turkey.
About a year ago, Leishman,. who had
been informed by the Minister of Foreign
Affairs that Turkey would settle satis
factorily to the United States the ques
tion of stopping the completion of Ameri
can buildings at Harput, for which offi
cial permit had been' granted, and fail
ure to surrender, policies of the New York
Life Insurance Company seized at Tcher
oun had a v disagreeable j experience
the Grand Vizier, who rendered this settle
ment' inoperative. ; The trouble was
finally remediedin a way; but other ques
tions; later: arose. and are still at Issue.
President •• Roosevelt ~. quite ,• recently > ex
pressed displeasure at t the apparent inac
tivity of Minister Leishman in not press
lns American claims to a settlement. r
•that instead of quieting the trouble at
Beirut, its presence would only incite
further disturbances, it does not seem
likely that this Government will seek to
satisfy the Porte at the expense of the
safety of American' citizens and property
interests. '\,\V
- Making' sure that all opposition had
been removed the robbers then broke
open the door of the cashier's office with
a sledge hammer and took from the desk
$3000 in bil.s. They then made their es
cape. Four men were arrested «.hree hour*
later on suspicion of being implicated in
the crime. They, as yet, have not been
The first bullet struck Stewart and he
fell to the floor without a word. Biehl
and Edmond, who were sitting near
Stewart, turned to see what was the mat
ter, but before they could leave their
chairs they were rendered helpless by
bullets of the robbers. Johnson, the mo
torman, who had been asleep on a bench
in the, outer office, started to go to the
assistance of his companions, but was
shot and killed before he could get on his
feet.
The robbers took no chances, but dis
posed of all the opposition of the employes
before they entered the office. Choosing
the time when the employes were busily
engaged in balancing up the receipts of
the night, just after the last conductor
had turned in his money and left the
barns, the robbers suddenly appeared at
the receiving 1 window and began shooting
without watning.
The dead:
FRANK STEWART, assistant clerk in
cashier's office; shot through body; died
half an hour later. £
JOHN B. JOHNSON, motormaii: «hot
through head: died Instantly.
| The injured:
William B. Edmond, receivinc clerk;
shot in left thiKh: will recover.
Henry Blehljwshot In the head; will re
cover.
CHICAGO, Aug. 30.— Without a warning
two men w*xe killed and two others
•wounded by hold-up men at the barns of
the Chicago City Railway Company,
Sixty-first. and 'State streets, at an'early
hour i to-day. The shooting was done by
three men, who escaped after securing
$300& Three of the men who were shot
were working in the cashier's office and
the other was a motorman asleep in the
outer office. The men in the office vrere
shot'rbefore they were aware of the rob
bers* presence, and* the motorman ' was
killed as he »°as rising from a bench
where he had been sleeping.
After Disposing of Opposition
I Robbers Loot at Their •,
" .;J^isure.^^;i;i:^i::.
Murder Clerk, and. a
Motorman 5 and Se
1 cure §3000.
Raid Office of' a
Chicago Stret '.
XliCt ill Uctlit
HOLD-UP MEN
SLAY WITHOUT
ANY WARNING
Many wounded Turkish soldiers
have been brought into Salonica,
Uskub. Seres and Monastir. N The
Turkish troops are reported to be
greatly discouraged and many de
serters have been thrown into
prison. ?'
INSURGENTS IN CONTROL.
. According to the Dnevnik the
Hodja (teachers attached to the
mosque) in the vilayet of Kossa
are preaching that the time
for a holy war has come, and that
the people must be ready to kill
the Christians in the vilayet. In
surgent bands are said to be in
complete control of the districts of
Demirhssar and Kitschevo and
the chief mountain passes in the
vilayet of Monastir. The total
strength of the bands in the vilayet
of Adrianople is estimated at 6000
men.
The insurgents have blown up
TROOPS OF SULTAN AND HIS
REPRESENTATIVE IN THIS
COUNTRY. "I
SPREAD OF EEVOLUTION.
A new outbreak is reported to
have occurred in the environs of
Salonica and several skirmishes
have taken place between Giev
gyeli and Salonica and ther,e has
also been a' fight near Edidje
varda, both sides losing heavily.
In the district between Kasteria
and Fiorina, south of Monastir,
the insurgents have destroyed all
the fortified residences of the
wealthy beys. 'A notoriQus brig
and named Abdul .Medjid recent
ly delivered a harangue to the in
habitants of Tetovo, telling them
to prepare themselves to slaughter
all Bulgarians , upon the first ap
pearance of revolutionary bands
in the neighborhood.
JOFIA. Bulgaria, Aug. 30.—
Dispatches received to-day
from Constantinople, Sa
lonica, Monastir and Adriarapte
reveal an equally unsatisfactory
condition of affairs in Macedonia.
From Salonica come reports hf,
new risings. At Monastir the in
surgents are said to be the masters
of the situation. « o ,
Telegrams from Adrianople de
clare that the insurgent bands are
continuing their outrages. At tlie
moment the Porte is asking .Bel
gium to supply officers fop the
Macedonian gendarmerie, j the
Swedish Embassador at Constan
tinople has notified the Turkish
Government that unless they re :
ceive their pay immediate]^ the
Swedish officers now at Uskub
will leave the country. s
The Dnevnik says°the Servian
diplomatic agent has notified the
Porte that two divisions of the
Servians are said to been mobi
lized without any hostile intention
as regards Turkey, but, they will
be sent to the frontier to prevent
Albanian incursions into Servia.
Fierce Fighting in
the Realm of
Abdul
INSTRUMENT PURPORTED TO BE THE LAST WILL OF THE LATE
CHAR LES L. FAIR IS RECEIVED BY PRESIDING JUDGE MURASKY
A DOCUMENT, purported to be the last will and testament of the late Charles L. Fair was re ceived last Saturday, afternoon by Presidmg.Judge oftheSupenor Cov^of thu< Ctty and County Frank J Munsky- If came
Through 7he mm but there was nothing to indicate by whom it was sent. The purported will bequeathes to^Charles L.Fair 'j^^^^^^^^^^f?^^^^ Ha^ $f° n %° h £* %%
Catholic Orphan ASylum $750,000. After a few minor bequests the residue is beqeudthed to Me late Maude, Nelson Fair, .Should the will be offered for prc ate tt will undoubtedly throzuthe estate into long and bitter, litiga
tion. The nancs of the late ex-Chief of Police I. W. Lees and the late W. H. L. Barnes appear as witnesses on the purported will ; . . -. ; -. : ::>:^.. -. .: ¦ • -
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCIV-NO. .92.
SAN FRANCISCO. MONDAY- AUGUST .". 31,v 1903.
PRICE FIVE dSSPSS.PHYSICIAN AND ° CHARMING
YOUNG WOMAN WHOSE WED
° DING WAS A SOCIETY EVENT.
TACOMA. Aug. SO.— Forty Fold Is the
ram© cf a new variety of wheat which is
yielding splendidly In Eastern Washing
ton grain districts. It is a fine. quality of
•wheat, equaling the blue stem and bring
ing blue Btem prices. Farmers who are
raising it this year report yields averag
ing forty bushels per acre.
Another new grain known as "corn
•wheat" is yielding a hundred bushels per
acre. While unfit for flour, it proves bet
ter than wheat, oats or barley for live
stock, and farmers believe it will be
largely used for fattening cattle. Its ker
nels are longer and larger than barley,
being shaped much like rye and about
three times as large.
State Grain Inspector Arrasmifh official
ly estimates the Washington grain crop
at 21.000.000 bushels, with Idaho and Ore
pon producing almost as much more.
Two-thirds of the crop has been harvest
ed. This year's crop will bring more
money than that of last year. Last year
at harvest time the farmers were selling
at 59 cents, while now they are receiving
CS and 70 cents per busheL
Fannera in tho Grain Districts in
Eastern Washington Are
Greatly Encouraged.
NEW VABIETY OF WHEAT
IS GIVING LABGE YIELD
Admiral Wise will Inspect the train
ing Ftatlon to-morrow and the training
ship Monongahela. The latter vessel
will then eo to League Island for-> re
pairs immediately. - . I
NEWPOHT, R. I., Aug. 30.— The flag
ship Yankee of the naval training
squadron, which is flying the flag of
Rear Admiral W. C. Wise and which
has been engaged in the maneuvers off
Portland, entered the harbor this morn
ing with her midship bunker afire. The
fire was discovered Thursday morning
by smoke on the gundeck. Some 200
tons of coal were removed from the top
of the bunker, leaving some 300 tons.
Then the fire hose was used and since
that time the fire has been smoldering.
The crew Is 6till engaged in moving
the coal from one bunker to another.
The Yankee coaled at Bar Harbor on
August 9 and this is some of the soft
coal that was taken aboard there.
Beaches Newport With. Fuel Smold
ering, but Prompt Action Pre
vents Serious Results.
FLAGSHIP YANKEE ttar
FISE IN COAL BUNKEBS
DENTEB. Aug. SO. — A special to the
News from Austin, Texas, says: A pri
vate letter received to-da.y from James
Felton, a mining maa or EJutla, State
of Oaxaca. Mexico, says that excitement
over the recent fabulous gold discoveries
near that place exceeds anything ever
witnessed In the early days of California
or the western mining camps. The dis
covery was made less than two weeks
ago by pn Indian while plowing corn,
but there are now more than 6000 pros
pectocs, including scores of Americans,
camped in the vicinity of tho new find.
Claims have been filed for miles around
the original prospect. Several surface
claims have been sold as high as
$100,000. The ledge is fifteen feet across
on the surface and* assays as high as
$50,000 gtjld to the ton. A large force
of Mexican troops is guarding the ledge.
Xjedgv Zs Fifteen Feet Across and of
Incredible 3Ur.liTiess and Is
Being Guarded by
Soldiers.
Mora Than 5000 Prospectors
Are Camped in Vicinity
Sof Find.
Fabulous Gold Discov
ery in Mexico Causes
a Big Bush.
EJUT VEIN
RUNS $50,000
TO THE TON
The officers elected by the Publication
Society are: President, George J. French,
Oakland: vice ; president, Elder T. H.
Organ, Santa Cruz; secretary, Edwin W.
Fields, Santa Cruz; editor and business
manager, 'Rev. T. . H. Youngr. Oakland;
corresponding editor. Rev. W. R. Chand
ler,X.08 Angeles; editorial * committee — ;
Rev. T. H. Organ, Santa Cruz; E. L.
Priest, N Oakland ; Dr. H. F. Carpenter,
Santa Clara. ' The receipts of the Pub
lication v Society, durinc the past year
were $4596 .71,
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 30. — The Advent
Christian Church Conference closed to
day. The "Woman's State Home and For
eign Missionary Society elected the fol
lowing 'officers: President; Mrs. T. H.
Organ, Santa Cruz; vice president, Mrs.
Virgil F. Hunt\ Santa Cruz.;, secretary
and treasurer, Mrs. Minnie Young, Oak
land. , . -
Christian Church Conference Closes.
Another feature of Interest will be hair
dressing, showing the proper manner of
arranging the hair for morning, after
noon and evening, and in the most becom
ing manner, in accordance with the style
of gown to be worn. .
European modistes have contributed to
the exposition one hundred and fifty
gowns of every Btyle, while a large num
ber of American designs will be displayed.
Otto Adler, a delegate from the Parisian
dressmakers, will deliver addresses on
European fashions. Handsome girls dur
ing the afternoon and evening sessions
will wear the different styles \ of 'gtfwns.
Every style of garment favored'by women
In outdoor life will be shown, including
golf,. automobile, yachting, tennis and bi
cycle styles. The exhibit will show the
process of making many of the articles of
apparel and will include the. silk loom in
operation. There will be a display of
proper styles to be worn at various func
tions, including an Ideal wedding costume.
The millinery exhibit will be on a large
scale, and the display of domestic and
foreign laces' will be notable.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30.— For the next
two weeks Madison Square garden will
be given over to the display of fine dress
es, the Fashion Show formally opening
there to-morrow night. Acting Mayor
Fornes, Secretary of Commerce and La
tx>r Cortelyou, United States Senator
Chauncey M. Depew and others will de
liver brief addresses. This is the first ex
position of its kind ever held in this coun
try. 1 Its purpose is to set styles and to
establish a unity of ideas in" the making
of gowns between American and Parisian
modistes. '
Exposition of Artistic
Dressmaking Opens
To-Night.
FASHION SHOW
FOR NEW YORK
When found the meteor was cold and
had probably been on earth a number of
days. Its substance is entirely different
from the country rock of the mountains
on which it fell. .On one side it presents
the appearance of an overheated brick and
Is of a reddish-brown color. It looks as
If it had been at one lime fiercely heated.
On the other side it looks very much like
ordinary class elag. '
GRANTS PASS, Or., Aug. 30.— A big
meteor, weighing a ton or more, spent its
flight and fell to earth on an Isolated spot
in the mountains a few miles east of this
city. The meteor was not seen to fall, but
the monster rock, half buried in the earth,
has been found. The rock cut in twain a
log across which it fell. The log - was
seared and burned by the fierce heat of
the celestial body, as was also the sur
rounding woods and timber.
Few Miles East of the
City.
METEOB WEIGHING A TON"
"FALLS NEAR GBANTS PASS
Half Buries Itself in the Earth a
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 30.— Rev. Mr. La
Forrest A. Planvlng,' colored, the princi
pal of the Point Coupee Industrial and
High School at Oscar, La., has been mur
dered. There is no telegrap"h station in
the neighborhood and no particulars of
the murder have been learrfed. He grad
uated from .Straight University in this
city as a bachelor of science two years
ago anfl going to Point Coupee raised
among, the whljte . and colored people of
that parish enough money to Inaugurate
an Industrial school, modeled on Tusko
gee, in the management of which he
had four assistants and 150 negro pupils
In attendance. The best of- relations, have
always existed between the races in Point
Coupee and Planving was respected by
the white people of that parish.
Principal of Louisiana
School Meets With
' Violent End:
ARMY OF PHILIPPINES
HQLDS ANNUAL REUNION
Two Thousand Delegates of National
Society Are Expected to Meet
at St. 'Louis. -y^
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 30.— Delegates
are beginning to arrive for the annual re
union of the National Society of the Army
of the Philippines, which will meet to
morrow. The Bast is sending a large del
egation and. the Indications are that the
Western and Southern States will be well
represented* Fully two thousand are ex
pected. *St. Louis, Chicago, Chattanooga,
Put-In Bay Island, Buffalo and Cleveland
are making a campaign for the next re
tmion. Two questions of vital Importance
will be discussed. At present, contract
surgeons who served, in the Army of the
Philippines are not eligible to the society.
Many that served In that capacity desire
to become enrolled and the by-laws may
be so amended that they may become
members. ¦ The society also will consider
the advisability of forming a ladies' aux
iliary similar to the one in connection
with the G. A. R. Wednesday will be the
greatest day of the encampment, the mil
itary parade taking place on that day.
General Kobbe ' and staff, Generals
Wheaton, Summers, Merrltt, MacArthur,
Funston, Metcalf and Brigadier General
Charles King are expected to be in line.
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN '
IS ACCUSED OF CRIME
Dr. Francis H. Whitsitt, Well Known
Throughout Kern County, Is
Placed Under Arrest. r
" BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 30.— Dr. Francis
H. Whltsitt, a prominent and well known
physician, has been arrested at Kernville
and charged with a serious offense.
Deputy District Attorney Flournoy to
day received a letter from Justice Dan
ner announcing the arrest and asking
him to proceed to Kernville to prosecute
the case when it is called for hearing
September 4.
No details of the case are given in the
letter and the name of tho complaining
witness cannot be learned on account of
the difficulties of communication: with
Kernville, which is thirty miles off the
railroad," with only Indirect communica
tion by private telephone.
. Dr. Whitsltt formerly resided In Kern
City and is well known there and in Ba
kersfield. About a year ago he. removed
to Kernville as resident physician for
the Kern River Company at its large
. power- -plant ' ; at that- place.- He also
worked up a very large practice through
out the mountains. During his residence
in Kern City Dr. Whitsltt was promi
nent, both socially and Drofesslonally,
being: a member of the TKern County
v Medical Society and the San Joaquln
Association of Physicians. He also was
a prominent figure at banquets and so
cial-functions. He is a single man and
about 35 years of age. A brother resides
somewhere In the northern part of the
State, '
NATIVE SONS OF SONOMA
PLAN A BIG CELEBRATION
Every Parlor in the County Will
Take Part in the Admission
Bay Festivities.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 30.— The Native
Sons of Sonoma County are making prep
arations for a big celebration on Admls
.slon day in the historic town of Sonoma.
Every parlor in the county will take part
and a large attendance from outside par
lors is expected at the old Bear Flag
town. Sonoma Parlor will have as a
guest that day the only survivor of the
Bear- Flag party, and he will hoist the
Bear Flag once more. Nearly every par
lor will be accompanied by a band of-mu
sic and a large parade will be one of the
features of the celebration. A large plat
form'will be erected in the plaza and after
the raising of the flag and other exercises
there will be dancing. The old Mission
will" be - thrown open to the public and a
grand feast of pomona jvill be held under
the'roefs of this old historic structure.
Killed by Santa Fe Freight.
DENVER, Aug. . 30.— A special to the
News from Albuquerque, N. M., says: R.
W. Hostetter of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, was
run down by a Santa Fe train at Cerrlllos,
N. M., this morning and' had both legs
crushed near. the hips. He was, brought
to Albuquerque and died soon after reach-
Ing the hospital. . , .
« SANDY HOOK, Aug. 30.— The weather
conditions to-night render it highly Im
probable that the 'ReHa-nce and Sham
rock III will meet to-jnorrow. The north
wind, which continued.all day, abated but
slightly toward evening, and at sunset
was blowing 22 miles art hour, the rain
coming in blinding drifts and .sea run
ning high. Captain Charles Barr of the
Reliance was ashore late in the,after
noon and said that the probability was
greatly against a race, as even If the
wind abated, the sea would be so high
that the boats would not dare- attempt it.
T.ie local weather b'ureau received the
following dispatch from Washington at
10 o'clock to-night:
"The wind* over trie internatibnal yacht
race course Monday r will be brisk to high
and mostly northeast, with cloudy and
possibly rainy weather."
NEGRO EDUCATOR
IS MURDERED
Both Mr. and Mrs. Crowly -are well
and favorably known in social circles in
this city. The groom is one of the most
promising 'young physicians her* and has
numerous friends who will extend their
best' wishes, i The bride is a handsome
and talented young lady* and has always
been extremely-, popular with her set.
Dr. and Mrs. Crowly left immediately
after their wedding- for an extended tour
of the southern pact of the State. They
will make their home in this city. ¦.
weddtng bells at Mission Do-
I lores: Church rang merrily last
{I night in honor of . the wedding of
** Miss Myrtle ¦ Dartt and Dr.' John
* J. Clrowly Jr. Jhe church was
beautifully decorated f qr the occasion . and
promptly at 8:30 o'ejock the bridal'party
marched' up the aisle and was met by
Rev. Father Conway of Napa, an ii.ti
mate friend of the groom, who performed
the ceremony.
Miss Rena Dunn ,\*as the bridesmaid
and- Harry Crowly, a. brother of the
groom, acted as best man.' The ushers'
were Thomas 'F. Dunn, Dr,. E. H. Glan
nini, Joseph A. Watts, Dr. W. J. Hen
nessy, Bert Mullen, W. H. McCarthy,'
Watts Ingalls, Jack Cassldy, Frank J.
McGuIre and E. J. Griffith. The bride
was given away by her brother, Ewing
Dartt.
Highly Improbable That
Yachts Will Meet
To-Day.
Miss Bragg— And when he gave me the
ring he said: "There Is only one woman
In the world worthy to wear this diamond
and that's you." I thought that very flat
tering. Miss Speitz— Yes, they do say that
imitation is the sincerest flattery.—Phila
delphia Press. =>•; -.'7
Eintracht Bunds Hold Picnic.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 30.— San Francisco,
Stockton and San Jose Eintracht bunds
held a picnic to-day at Schuetzen Park.
More than 1000 excursionists came from
San FranCisco. A local committee, con
sisting of F. Schumacher, Max Schmidt
and F. Young, had charge of the arrange
ments, and the members of the local bund
acted as hosts. The day was spert in
dancing, music, games and sports of all
kinds.- A luncheon was served at noon. .
Striking Teamsters May Compromise.
SEATTLE, Aug. 30.— Another conference
between the teamsters and 'the employes
is to be heM to-morrow morning. The
Teamsters' Union to-day put its fight into
the hands of a strike committee^ with
full power to act. This is the most hope
ful sign of peace since the strike began.
At the previous conference the committee
had no discretionary powers. It Is be
lieved that a compromise will be effected.
Such well-known English garden
plants as the phlox and the verbena
have run wild over hundreds of acres of
sandy Texan and Australian plains.
A West Australian exploring party
that recently arrived at Oodnadata re
ported that, there had not been a drop
of rain for two years m the region
traversed.
WEATHER MAY
PREVENT RACE
Captain Frost of the Mason saifl later
that just before the Navigator arrived
they had concluded that the women
die In a few hours and they had
decided to. try for the beach. He . said
that Saturday, when they were out near
,the lightship at anchor, the Old Domin
ion Line steamer Hamilton offered to take
them off and he urged the women to .go,
but they declined to leitve without the
men.' During the night he believes the
Mason struck something.
Thousands along the shore watched the
clever work of the life savers. Twice the
lifeboat was filled level with water, but
as she is a self bailer she cleared her
self. The going down in tow of the Navi
gator was In itself a perilous thing In
such a sea. When the men returned Mr.
Iselin said a special word of praise to
them and In return was heartily cheered.
When Captain Patterson asked for the
assistance of the Navigator, Captain
Barr of the Reliance, who stood by, said:
"I have fifty men; every one of them
will volunteer to help if you want them."
"WOMEN. WOULD NOT LEAVE.
It was 11 o?clock this morning when the
Navigator. ¦ located the twelve persons In
their perilous position and it was fully an
hour before they could be rescued. This
was accomplished In "hs daring a manner
as has ! ever tfeen o tol<I in* any sea tale.
The big-tug made several attempts to get
near, the yawl and then going to. wind
ward past ¦ off the.' lifeline. With splen
did dexterity a line was sent from the
lifeboat to a pole-. -on -the fish pound and
• paid out until the yawl was.reach^J.
The shipwrecked crew and passengers
were in such*, condition that they could
not help themselves and Captain Patter
son of the life saving "crew and his men
had to lift them out. 'First came the two
•women and then tHree sailors. Meantime,
under the_ dlreotion of Mr. Iselin, the
Navigator's crew had thrown a dozen
pails of oil overboard to the wlndsrard of
the yawl, so that the sea was calmed
and tho big tug had taken a position eo
that the wind did not catch her on the
beam. The women when brought 'aboard
were carefully attended to, Mr. Iselin
having taken along a woman attendant.
Repeated efforts wpre made by the life
fcaving crews to launch a beat, tfut the
heavy sea running made it impossible.
Meanwhile, word had b£en sent to Sandy
Hook for assistance and Mr. Iselln volun
teered the services of the-' Navigator to
tow the life savers to where the small
boat was in. danger of being swamped.
ISELIN VOLUNTEERS.
. NEW YORK, Aug. 8O.-Duringr a : strong
gale • eight, mllea off Highlands, N.' J.,
at -11 ; o'clock Saturday night, theothree
maBted schooner Henry P. Maaoh, from
Perth ; Afaboy.N. J., 'o r Portland, Me.,
loaded with red clay, struck, it Is believ
ed; a 'submerged • wreck and sank at 2
"o'clock this morning. The crew and .two
passengers took to the veBeel'e small boat
and were buffeted by the high seas all
night and part of to-day, until rescued
by the Sandy Hook life saving crew.' The
life savers were towed to the boat^bne
mile oft Galilee by the New York Yacht
Club. committee. boat Navigator on which
was C. Oliver Iselln. managing owner of
the yacht ' Reliance, and Bert C. Leeds.
The survivors reached Sandy Hook at 3
o'clock this afternoon apparently in good
co'ndltlon. , It is believed the schooner will
be a total loss. \
The rescued Include Captain ;A. "W.
Frost, Portland, Me.; First Mate John H.
Smney, Boston; Second Mate Charles
Johnson, Baltimore; Steward Preston
Grover and wife, of Tennant's Harbor,
Me.; Mr. and Mrg, N. e G. Masilous, New
York, passengers, the latter a sister of
Captain Frost.
When the Mason struck, the mainmast
and mizzenmast were broken off short
and the vessel started to leak .badly. At
1 o'clock an anchor was dropped ..over
board, but it was soon discovered that the
vessel would not keep afloat and the
crew and passengers took to the small
boat. For a time they held to thfi stern
of the schooner, but as there was danger
of her going to the bottom at any" mo
ment they cast off and drifted. About a
mileoOff Galilee they made fast to a fish
pound, where they remained until res
cued.
Survivors Take to Boat and Yaclits
.. , man In Tug- Navigator Tows
;' \ - Life. Saveis to. Their -
Assistance.
Schooner Henry P. Mason
Sinks in Gale pff the
-New Jersey Ooast. ;
Owner of Reliance Goes
to Rescue of Ship-
Wrecked Grew.
ISELIN HELPS
SAVE TWELVE
FROM DEATH
THE SAN FBANOISCO vOALIi, MONDAY, AUGUST 83, 1903.
Prominent Physician Weds Charming Society
Girl in Presence of Numerous Friends.
Couple Will Spend Honeymoon in South
MISS MYRTLE DARTT BECOMES
WIFE OF DR. JOHN J. CROWLY JR.
2
' DOAN'S KTD1TEY PILLS.
ANSWER ITHONESTLY
Are the Statement* of San Francisco
Citizens .\ot More Reliable
Than Those of Utter
Strnnsrers?
This Is a vital question.
It is fraught with Interest to San Fran-
cisco.
It permits of only one answer.
It cannot be evaded <or Ignored.
A San Francisco citizen epeaks here
Speaks for the ¦welfare of San Fran-
cisco.
A citizen's statement is reliable;
An utter etranper'B doubtful.
Home proof is the best proof.
Andrew Dahl, lonpshoreman, of 20 Fed-
eraJ Etreet. says: "When a man has had
backache for four cr five years, some of
the attacks being so pronounced, particu-
larly when he caught cold, that It was a
difficult matter to perform a day's work
¦with any degree of ease, that man knows
what backache is. I always thought
there was gome ro'cdlcine which would act
directly on my kidneys and bring relief
when these attacks occurred, but until I
used Doan's Kidney Pills I met with very
littlesuccess. I just told my wife the
ether night that for |he last eIx months
my back was never In better shape and
I attribute the change to the use of
Dean's Kidney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents
Foster-MIlburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
events for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan'a, a«I take
no substitute. - - ¦ • ¦
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
dHUSEUH OF ANATOHY
A UB lS51&L2£E?S;.fett.6:bft7a,S.r.Cil
• l&RSk Worl<1 4 ** « *°r contracted
A «i*e»«»»«lM»«-l7 e.r.* by the olden
$ tlS&fft DR< JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN
A iWf-'jIj Consuludoa free «nd rtrirtly printe.
0 I J&VL ft Tr " Inlttl i«T»onU;jr or by letter A/
\ 1 V Tl M ?*"*— t*«»»e»e»ye*»eiin<lert»ke».
6 f 17 ii ft v ""' ror imc. FWLoiera y *f
» " 0 II* ¦4BB.IACB, MAIUS FREE. I A
A 4 ii »«lo«b l « book for tan) ¦
" DB. JOBD&N A CO, 1051 tfarket8t..8. P.
Q'^^^ <^> < 5V%.^ *%i
BAOWATV BSAO7 SEUCF has stood
ucrlvaJed belor* the public for SO rear* &a a
l'£.ia Remedy. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
cure* all Colds. Bora Throats, Influenza. Broa-
cfcitli. Pneumonia, RheusuitUa. NeurmlrU.
Htifiacbe, Toothache and all pain. I&teroailr
ter HiterU and oil SoweU PjU&a. JlH inisgUtl.
THE' CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close oa September 24,
1903, and all' holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent thtem immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium''*.'' rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
ADVEBTISE3IENT3.
W0M Sale of ¦ WS
wim l allvy mm
-^^^0 Hosiery
fj Here is a chance to lay in a ? '
supply of fine fancy hosiery at a very low price.
i The goods comprise our own importation from
Chemnitz, Saxony. You know, in producing fine ho-
siery, the German excels the Yankee, and America
must admit it. )
These hose are a fine quality and each pair is !
neatly embroidered in harmonizing colors. The
shades are black, gray, tan, blue and garnet. 1
Such hose usually sell for 50c and 75c. To ac« s 1
.- — ¦ — t^s, quaint men with our hosiery de- - " I
I partment we will sell the hose for / • jl J
"'H 40c a pair H
I| ! Out-of-town orders fitted— wrrfe us.
Jilt 111;
jt.jpw i £r : -lJ IMal nCl. Oil CCli •• 'j£f\' »«¦;>¦ 'y3"V.
; - . ' AD v j&xbTtSKtiTESTS. \
FREE MEDICAL, ADVICE TO WOMEN.
!;:;: * This is a very important consideration in a woman's correspondence with Mrs- Pinftham. It 13 a
rreafc satisfaction to feel that one^womarf can write to another telling her the most private and confidential
details about her illne'ss, and know that her letter will be seen by a woman only, — a woman full of sympathy
for her sick sisters, and with a knowledge of woman's ills greater than that possessed by any other person.
,IVIrs. Pinkham never violates the confidence thus entrusted to her, and although she publishes
thousands of testimonials from women who have been benefited by her advice and medicine, never
. in all 'her experience has she published such a letter without the full consent, and often by
special request of the writer. Vu '
•¦ . v ¦ Th 6 reason Mr!?. Pinkham is so amply qualified to give advice in cases of female ills is for the reason
that over one hundred thousand cases cdme before her each year, — some personally, others by mail, and
this .has been going on for twenty years, day after day, and day after day. Twenty years of constant success,
• —think of the knowledge thus, gained. Surely, women are wise in seeking advice from a woman of such
experience, especially when it is absolutely free. ; r
.As an illustration of the good comincr from such advice we herewith publish two letters and
portrait of Miss Hattie DeGroat, the reading: of which should give every sick -woman confidence in
Mrs. Pinkham'fs ability to help them. This is only one of thousand* of the same kind of letters
v which* Mrs. Pinkham has on file. :# *
f&k*S*4f*\ "Deab Mes. Pctkham: — I have read with interest your advice to others bo mnch
jfip^siafi I that I thought«I would ¦write to you, for I have been suffering 1 for s long time. I have such
»fl8^MT*?fc. "bearing-down pains, and such shooting 1 pains go through me. I have headache, backache,
. V$s|«|m|Sb1§Je SCl and feel tired. Menstruation is very painful, sometimes have to stop work and lie down.
if(^^3&«s^!^yM My stomach bloats terribly, and I am troubled with whites. Hoping to hear from yoo
S §Lr-_ W§ ' ''July 24th,' 1900. ** < ' . Miss Hattxb DeQsoat, Succasuma, N. J."
" ¦®vl3}vS' Sp7 ¦ " Dear Mrs. Pistcham : — I can hardly 'find words io thank you for your advice &nd
. . *^ - »*-*. (^ wonderful Vegetable Compound. I was in a terrible state, every part of my body ached,
A»£&1 1 * r^ was very nervous, had hysterical spells. I think I would have become insane had it not
J^P^HV /\ bcen * or E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Your letter told me just what to do,
. fiBraH^3»g<>£k. - v and your medicine cured me, and I cannot express my thanks."
March StH, 1901. Miss Hattie DeGroat, Succasuma, N. J. n
/ ]f /I //JJ /lV\ / \ " "No other medicine in the world has received such widespread an*
/ / ( / JYI I 11 unqualified endorsement. No other medicine has su^h a "record of
. \ I ('//j' V cures of female troubles or such hosts of grateful friends. Do not be persuaded
' ¦¦• ' » ' ' that any other medicine is just as good.* -Any dealer who suggests something
else has no Interest in your case. He is seeking a larger profit. Follow the record of this medicine,
and remember that the thousands of cures of women whose letters are constantly" printed in this
paper were not brought about by " something else," but by T jdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.MADRID, Au*. 30.— The Minister of tha
Interior says the report published In America
that thirty officer* have been arrested for con
• plring- to prevent the Queen mother from
returning to Spain from Vienna la absolutely
unfounded.
SUISUN, Aug. SO.— The improvement of
streets is now occupying the attention of
the local board of town trustees. The
macadamized streets have been o'iled and
will be closed to travel for a week or
more. TV'ork has commenced on the
grading and macadamizing . of other
streets.
Streets of Suisun Being Improved.
up discussing the situation of the German
Catholic population in Los Angeles, which
has been unable to have a parish set aside
for itself, with a church and parochial
school exclusively German. Action on the
matter was deferred until to-day's ses
sion, when the committee on resolutions
will report.
Last night the delegates witnessed the
Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament in
St. Boniface Church and then repaired to
the hall In the basement, where a large
public meeting was held. St. Peter's
Song Section and St. Antonius'. Maenner
choir rendered selections. Charles Mari
zen presided. Addresses in. German were
made by J. B. Schoensteln, Rev. Joseph
Krau!", O. F. M.. Martin N. Centner and
Rev. Raphael Fuhr, O. F. M.
The convention will again meet at 10
o'clock this morning.
Naval records do not show an Aus
trian gunboat named Sherla, which name
probably was a telegraphic mutilation
for the Kerka, an Austrian wooden
schooner-rigged gunboat, 147 feet long
and 3540 tons displacement. The Kerka
had a speed of nine knots and carried
two 6.9-inch guns and one 2.7-inch gunl
She had a crew of 104 roen.
Eleven of the Crew Taken Off Sink
ing Vessel by Passing
Steamer.
CADIZ, Spasn, Aug. 30. — The Austrian
gunboat Sherla has foundered off this
port. Eteven of her crew were saved by
a French trans-Atlantic steamer.
GUNBOAT OF AUSTRIA
FOUNDERS NEAR SPAIN
"I am in hope that the Italian Govern
ment would not prevent my carrying out
this project, but if it did I would renounce
Italian citizenship." •'•
"My plan is the independence of Alba
nia under Italian protection with an un
derstanding with Greece, while contem
poraneously Sarafoff would appeal- to Eu
rope for Macedonian independence, re
nouncing all idea of Austro-Kussian in
tervention. If my programme Is accepted
I will appeal to the Italian people, con
vinced that in twenty-four hours 20,000
volunteers would follow me to the other
side of the Adriatic.
"I have myself." he continued, "urged
Greece to come to an agreement with
Turkey before pan-Slavonlsm (Austrian) or
pan-Germanism gains the mastery over
all the eastern Adriatic coast. Greece, Al
bania . and ' Italy have only one road to
safety, • and that is a full and cordial
agreement with Turkey. Boris Saraf off
asked my advice in organizing the Mace
donian insurrection, complaining that I
was unfavorable to it. I answered that I
could not approve it because -the insur
rection was based on the hope of Austro-
Ruasian intervention, which if It came
about would be in the Interest of those
two countries. ''Cri
nia. He saia he did not find it
strange that Greece and Turkey should
unite in suppressing the Macedonian in
surrection..-'•". *
y^OME, Aug. SO.— General Ricciottl
¥ M Garibaldi, wtio fought on the sids
Jr^ of Greece against Turkey, will
.• eupport Turkey against Macedo-
Garibaldi Speaks
of Turkish
Affairs.
ITALIANS
MAY AID
CALIFORNIA GERMAN STAATS VERBAND
ASSEMBLES IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
State Organization of .Sodalities and Benevolent Societies
Hears Sermon by Archbishop Montgomery and Se
lects Committees for Transaction of Pressing Work
INSURGENTS HOLD THEIR OWN AGAINST TURKISH TROOPS
THE HAGUE, Aug. 30.— It is officially
announced that the arbitration court for
the Venezuela claims will assemble Sep
tember 1.
To Settle Venezuela Claims.
ROME, Aug. 30.— The eruption of Vesu
vius ' continues in all its grandeur, . but
without apparent danger to the'Relghbor
ing population. The lava is of an unusu
ally liquid form and has covered a large
are**. % ... #
Famous Mountain Sends Forth Fiery
Lava, but Towns Are Not
- Imperiled. .
VESUVIUS ERUPTION
CONTINUES IN GRANDEUR
NAPA, Aug. 30.— Obstructions have
been placed in the Napa iUver by rail
road bridge builders who are putting up a
new bridge on the Santa Rosa line, and
the captains of the steamers Zinfandel
and St. Helena are making vigorous com
plaint. The St. Helena ran asainst some
of the piling Thursday night and suffered
considerable damage. Complaint was
made before District Attorney Benjamin
and he has communicated with Colonel
Heuer. United States engineer, who has
control nf the navigable waters of this
district
Napa River Is Obstructed.
SUISUN, Aug. 30.— John AV. Harper, a
prominent resident of this place and at
one time one of the wealthiest land own
ers In Solano County, is confined to his
room," bereft of his reason as a result of
extended illness caused by a carbuncle on
his neck. The attending physician thinks
that the loss of the patient's reason is
but temporary. ,.
Pain Drives Patient Insane.
HONOLULU, Aug. 3O.-Charles Ahi, a
prominent Chinese and a member of the
Bow Wong society, committed suicide to
day by shooting himself through the head
with a pistol. He had recently returned
from China. Persecutions there on ac
count of his reform record caused him to
come back to Honoluliu. He wanted to
enter college in China 1 and was despon
dent oVer his inability to remain there.
PROMINENT HONOLULU
CHINESE SHOOTS HIMSELF
"My. I never did feel such cold water,"
said Henderson as he emerged from the
river onto the warming sands where
those who had folowed him In the steam
er Maja and had landad to receive him.
"If it had not been so cold I could have
made it all right. This trip was much
harder than one I made In 1S98 from Hood
River to Cascade Locks. There was not
so jouch wind that time and the water
was not so cold. I crossed the river five
times In my swim to-day."
HOOD RIVER, Ore.. Aug.' 30.— John Le
land Henderson of Hood River. 52 year3
old swam eighteen miles in the chilly
waters of the Columbia this morning in
five hours and twenty-two minutes. He
dived from the steamer dock at The
Dalles at 6:5S o'clock- and left the water
at StraiRht Landing, on the Washington
sh^ re, a short, distance below Mosler
Statior at 12::*) p. m., chilled to the bone
and so benumbed he could hardly stand
erect. It was his intention to make the
remaining five miles to Hood River, but
the high winds and almost ice-cold waters
were too much for his iron rierve and
wonderful endurance.
SWIMS EIGHTEEN MILES
IN THE COLUMBIA- RIVER
John L. Henderson, Aged Fifty-Two
Years, Shows Great Powers of
Endurance.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 30.— A spe
cial commission has been formed at the
prefecture, composed of factory inspec
tors and various functionaries of the
secret police, with orders from Minister
Plehwe to prevent strikes at all hazards.
The commission is arresting and banish
ing .workmen by hundreds and has been
authorized to employ both preventive and
repressive measures. •
Russian Minister Orders Special Com
mission to Use Preventive and
Repressive Measures.
WOULD AVERT STRIKES BY
AREEST AND BANISHMENT
. H. F. Budde, the recording secretary,
made his annual report, which showed
that the Staats Verband had taken an
active Interest during the last year in all
matters' pertaining to the German Catho
lics of the State. The treasurer's report
showed a healthy condition of the finance
of the verband. • ,. -
Letters of regret at not being able to
attend the convention werf read from
Archbishop Riordan, Rev. J. P. Kaiser of
Los Angeles and Rev. P. Stoters of Ana
heim, and wishing the verband success.
The remainder of the session was taken
ENCOURAGING REPORTS
St. Anthony' » Sodality. San Francisco — Jo
seph Malchen. Frank J. Clunk. Henry Schaub.
St. Joseph's Vereln, Ix>s Angeles — Stephan
Buhr, Michael Stepan, Joseph Smith.
St. Anthony's Vereln, Sacramento — P. J.
Braun. Teela B. Durrer. «Cs-.'V"
St. Boniface Vereln, San Jose^ — Clemens
Beck, Ludwlg Kaempfen.
St. Francis' Vereln, Frultvale— Frank
Franr. Charles Fischer.
S.t. Mary's Sodality, San Jose^ — Joseph rart
ma'nn. Simon Pelsel. George Uhemann. .
St. Paulus' Vereln. San Francisco— Charles
Marltzen, Joseph Becker, Dan Busch. Bernard
Eette, Henry WeetphaJ.
St. Joseph's Vereln — Theo Hartmann,
George Schilling-. Paul Mager, Joseph W.
Beheld.
Catholic Knights of America. Branch 107,
San Francisco— Joseph Boeddeker, John Un
elmm.
Motions — L'tidwig von Raesfeld. Stephan
Bulir, Joseph Becker. Charles P. Conrad, Jo
seph Smith and Robert Trost.
Finance — Bernhart Bette, Frank Merschen,
L. Kaempfen, F. J. Glunk and F. Franz.
Constitution — P. J. Braun, Theodore Hart
mann, Charles Fischer, Adolph Sehlmmel. Jo
seph Partmann and Henry fechaub.
The committee on credentials reported
the following as being entitled to seats in
the convention:
St. Peter's Vereln, San Francisco — Adolph
Sehlmmel, August Vetter. F. J. Merechen, Nic
Stniub, Joseph Keller, F. X Burhans.
Resolutions — Rev. P. Raphael Fuhr, O s F.
M. : Charles Martlzen. August Vetter, Clem
Beck and Michael .Steran.
ltnK. Daniel Buseh, Joseph Bcedeker and B.
Durrer.
DEVOTED MEMBERS OF
CHURCH WHO ARE IN SES
SION HERE.
ihe barracks at - Ghioktipe, near
Malketernovo, killing sixty sol
diers. They also- attacked and set
fire. to the Turkish camps at Egrt,
Alanka. Kratovo and Kotscheni.
A great panic ensued; the troops
firing on each other.
The Bulgarian' Government has
sent another regiment to strengthen
the frontier forces in the neigh
borhood of Kratendil. A private
telegram from Rula, Bulgaria,
near Kostendil. says the reserves
in the frontier villages have re
cefved orders to be ready for mobi
lization the moment that fighting
occurs at a frontier nost.
Continued From Page 1., Column 2.
FIERCE FIGHTING IN ABDUL'S REALM.
BUDAPEST. Aug. SO.-Prince Ferdinand
of Bulgaria arrived here to-day and pro
ceeded to Sofia.. • • .
Prince Ferdinand at Budapest.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 3O.-The Grand
Duke Michael Nicolaievitch, cousin of the
Czar, has suffered a stroke of apoplexy
and has become partially paralyzed on the
left side. The medical bulletins - issued
regarding his condition , say in spite of
the drowsiness of the patient his mind is
clear, the heart action satisfactory and
the temperature normal.
Grand Duke Michael Nicolaievitch
Has Become Partially Paralyzed
on the Left Side.
COUSIN OF THE CZAB
VICTIM OF APOPLEXY
At 2 o'clock In the afternoon the conven
tion met In business session. President
Schoerstein appointed the following com
mittees:
Credentials — Nicholas Etraub, George Schil-
BUSINESS SESSION.
His Grace brought to the delegates a
message from Archbishop Rlordari regre*
ting his inability on account of ill health
to greet them in person, and assured them
that their aims and endeavors had his
highest approval.
NECESSITY FOR UNION.
Archbishop Montgomery on his own be.
half congratulated the- delegates on the
strides the verband had made during the
last year and the encouraging outlook it
has for the future. He said that the
spirit of the age demanded union in order
to obtain strength, and- the Catholic
church, itself the greatest organization of
the world, recognized this necessity. The
German Catholics of the State, he said,
had always manifested deep interest in
the affairs of the church and had wielded
a' proportionately large influence. The
verband tended, he said, to solidify this
Interest, and the authorities of the church
wished to encourage it in every way.
Concerning the much mooted question
of the teaching of the German language
irv schools, he said that matter would set
tle itself. It was only natural that Ger
man parent3 would wish their offspring
to learn their native language, which
necessarily forms the equipment of every
thoroughly educated person. It is a lan
guage, he said, rich in every form of lit
erature, wherein poets, dramatists, ro
mancers, philosophers and scientists, the
greatest in the world, have spoken, and
not to know it was a grand opportunity
lost. The learning of English will come
of itself where the children mix constant
ly with those who speak it. Not only
German Catholics, but all Germans alike,
wish their children to have a thorough
acquaintance with the German language.
Speaking to his text the Archbishop
warned the congregation against the fal
lacy that the world offers everything that
human ambition should crave. He reck
oned as of little moment the riches, power
or fame that this life offered, and said
that the only things worth seeking were
the word of God and the kingdom of
heaven. spacious edifice was packed
to its utmost capacity during the service.
sermon,
THE fourth convention of the Cali
fornia State German Roman Cath
olic ' Verband opened its Bession
yesterday afternoon in St. Bonl
." : face parochial school, on Golden
Gate avenue. Half. a hundred delegates
were present, representing German Catho
lic eocieties from many parts of the State.'
The session was largely devoted to the
appointment of committees and the read
ing of reports from ' the oiflcers co.vering
last year. F. B. Schoerstein, president of
the verband, presided,. Carl A. Schnabel
acted as corresponding* secretary, Henry
F. Budde as recording secretary and F.
F. Burhans and A. Glunk as assistant
secretaries. '
Previous to the business meeting the
delegates attended in a body a solemn
high mass at St. Boniface Church, cele
brated by Rev. Maximilian Neumann, the 1
rector. Coadjutor Archbishop Montgom
ery assisted at the mass and preached the
It appears that the report by the Aus
trian Consul at Uskub that a detachment
->f troops discharged their *ifles at the
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 3D. - Since
the representation* -made by AJnited
?tat<»p Minisjer Loishman rrgarding the
attack on the life of Vice Consul Magcls
*«»n the authorities at Beirut are display
ing a marked activity in Iheir efforts to.
find the culprit.
Turkish Authorities Make Efforts to
Find Would-Be Assassin.
ACTIVITY AT EEIRUT
Bullet Was Fired Against the Vic©
Consul's Carriage. e
NEW YORK. Aug. SO'— A special cable
fr^m Beirut . Syria, Fays:
united Stales" Vice Consul Magelssen
aaa not killed. The attempt made upon
his life last Sunday __ evening failed, al
though the revolver was discharged d^
rectljr against Magelssen's carriage by an
tnzaOant who was standing under a street
ras light not far from the American Con
'Ulat*»! Our Vice Consul was not hit and
in uninjured. e The Turkish authorities are
rr.aking an investigation."
?
, +—c-
ASSASSIN NEAR CONSULATE.
GENOA. Aug. 30.— The United States ]
¦misers Brooklyn and San Francisco left |
:t 1C:5j p. m. to-day' for Port Said, irbcrt
li<?y expect to find instructions Indicating
h' ir future movements. ¦ :
WASHINGTON. Aug. CO.— The Bureau
it Navigation of "the Navy Department
tas been advised by cab'e that the rruis
ts Br«iok!yn and San Francisco sailed
!«>m Genoa thisj< Sunday) morning-, and
ire expected to arrive at Beirut Frioay
RUISERS LEAVE GENOA
Brooklyn and San Francisco Expected
at 3eirut by Friday.
Among the Turks themselves, conUnuos
the correspondent, a growing body pro
fesses to be readyoto support European
intervention to remedy the desperate con
dition of affair.?, and even ink? of mur
•lering the foreign Consuls as a means to
compel foreign intervention.
There is no lack of sensational newp
from the interior, but all the reports are
• inflicting and confusing 1 . There is much
Interest and anxlett regarding the fate of
Klisura. which has long been besieged by
the Insurgents. ' According to the latest
report a large body of Turks sent to raise
th*- siege has gained an important vic
tory, v.,
A report is current that September 1,
th" anniversary of the Sultan's acces
e{nn. has been selected to begin the out
break in the vilayet of Salonica.
Commerce, he says, is paralyzed and a
famine is apprehended. Ambassadors and
Consuls recently appealed to their gov
ernments to send warshlDS, but the desire
to avoid the appearance of encouraging
the insurgents stems Uj be held of greater
importance than precautionary measures
for the protocUon of Europeans, hence the
vessels have not been sent. Preparations
for an approaching insurrection in North
ern Macedonia are rapidly progressing,
but the date for the outbreak has not yet
L«*en fixed. at.
LONDON. Aug. «31.-The Times' corre
spondent at Salonica. gives a similar ao
count to that sent by the Daily Mail cor
respondent of the 111 -concealed terror pre
vailing tn that city and the fears that
some incident may precipitate an indis
crirainata massacre.
Ccrditicns at Salonica Become More
Seripus and Alarming.
TJTABSHIPS ABE NEEDED.
The Turkish Embassy in London In a
statement issued to the press declares
the reports of the murder of Vice Consul
Magellscn at Beirut to be absolutely false.
LONDON, Aug. 30.-A dispatch, from
Constantinople datrd August 29 to the Ex
change Telegraph Company, says it is un
derstood that after nn interview with
Foreign Minister Tewrik Pasha, Mr.
Irishman reque-stod Washington to recall
the European squadron mat had been or
dered to Beirut.
Minister Leishman Requests the Re
call of the Squadron.
TURKS ARE PERTURBED.
The Slava. wh!eh was laid down in 1901,
!s of 13,6)0 tons, displacement, 16.000 horse-,
power and CT6i, feet long. She has an
armor belt of 9.4 inches and carries an
armament of four "twelve-inch guns,
twelve six-inch guns, twenty three-inch
guns, twenty three-;pounders and six one
pounders. Her "speed is to be eighteen,
knots and her -crew^will number .740.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 30.— The bat-
J tleship Slava. which is one of the larg
est vessels in the -Russian navy, was
launched yesterday. at the Baltic yards, in
the presence of tha Czar and the Royal
famih-. '..¦"¦ ; •-"
IS LAEGEST BATTLESHIP
IN THE RUSSIAN NAVY
The Slava, a Fighting Machine of
13,600 Tons, Launched at
Baltic Yards.
Reports are in circulation here that the
monastery of St. Prochov, on the Ser
vian frontier, was attacked Saturday
night ana entirely demolished by the
Turks and Albanians.
BELGRADE. Auj. SO.— A crowd of
thousands of people gathered In the
theater square this afternoon and demon
strated In sympathy with, the Macedon
ians. Several well known politicians
spoke. They condemned Turkish misrule,
appealed to the Servians to assist the
Macedonians in their struggle for free
dom and declared that Servia, Bulgaria
and Montenegro ought to occupy and re
build the Turkish Empire. The meeting
adopted resolutions calling on the Gov
ernment to intervene on behalf of the
Macedonians.
Thousands of Persons Gather at a
Meeting in Belgrade.
SYMPATHY FOB MACEDONIA.
Austrian Consulate thare, aro»« from the
staple circumstance that, a party of Al
banian reservists on leaving Uskub sta
tion In a train flred In the air as Is their
custom on joining the colors, and the
Austrian Consulate happened to be close
to the Btation. :.•'/•?¦'¦
AsjLrcfcy reisss supreme, asserts the
correspondent, tiao vxst Turkish army be
ing coau>l«tely outs of control and eating
up tha country. "In a few weeks famine
must erjsue, causing untold misery.
An outraLe« In the city of Salonica. now
would tarn th« Turks Into soldiers and the
populace Into wild beasts. The country
¦neat of the river Varda, toward the rlla
yet cf Monastir Is expected to rise dally.
,oTh« insurgents ar«
eveixwlier* iscrraiisg la numbers and
holding their o-srn acalnst the- Ottoman
soldiers. ; (^ ¦¦"
*» OXDOX, Xvs. SO.— The Salonica i
¥ correspondent of the Daily Mall
¥ <ieacrlbea Os* eiteaxioa In Maee
«* «/ dosia. as >€'.i€ one of tfco utmost
Sultan's Soldiers Are Powerless and
Create a Fear of Early
¦••* ° Famine:
ANARCHY SUPREME
IN SHAKEN CITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1903.
3
S\in-B\irrv
iHosqolto and Insect Bltef, Prickly'
Heat, Oak Poisoning and Hives cured
quickly by the prompt application of
This harmless Germicide .
allays inflammation and cures by
killing the germs that cause the
trouble. Hydrozone is a standard
medical preparation, universally
used and endorsed by the medical
profession.
At all leading: druggist*, or trial size
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of aj cents.
See my sigsatsre on bottle.
61.O Prince St., New York
Booklet on request.
Thin babies become' plump
babies when frd with Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Whether you nur»e yoor baby or uaa MeJ-
hn's Food you will find our book, " Tho
Care and Feeding of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for it. It will be sent free.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. AIAS3.
BEERS
Famous the • World fl
Over-^FulljLMatupc4» I
«J"o/d Everywhere. U
HULBERT MERCANTILE CO.. B
¦ Pacific Coast Agents. f\
XSE^K Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
4Sl iKk MORMON BISHOP'S PILU
Hy^ Kk hare b««n la uso orer fifty
«Kk^\^^ft yar» by th» leaders of tb«
«K55^jf2S3 Mormon Cnarch and the!?
BSgrffiMsft followers. Positively cu-« th*
wSFlsy^oQl worit ca*ei in eld and youoc
Ht Htkv EdE/ arlsl=s from eitecti of i«i:-
W^lfitia abuse, dissipation, exce**?* or
vKi||A^B cigarette izncklnj. Cur* Lo»t
JJBr Manhood. Impotencr. l>o«t -
VfitoSlF Power. Nltht Losses. Iax>m>
o:a. Palna in Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltsess to Mar>
ry. Loss of Semen. OS fh VartcoceU or Cos-
¦tlpatlon. Stop Ner Z2 V^ vous T«ltchin« el
Eyelids. Effects ar« r~rtT*T «tnunedlate«. Impa.*i
vf»or and potency to every function.
Don't set despondent, a cure is at hand. R».
•tor*' email, undeveloped organ*. 8tlmoia;«
the brain and nerv* centers; 60c a box; • fo.*
12 SO by mall. A written guarantee to ear* or
money refunded with 6 box?*. Circulars fr»*.
Addrets BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st.,
Ban Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUO CO.. H
and 40 Third st.
"" DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOP.LIVER.UJfViCS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Cris* Steamers leava San Fran-
ygA- — *^«\ cl»co as follows:
ftr^ xttiV For Ketchikan. Jnneau.
to/TMJH* \«M Haines, Ska^way "etc.. A!a.»-
{ vSJEA 1 I ka ~ n a - m • August 2r».
I \ \W>4»A/ ./ Sept 3. Chan** to company's
Wi. \\ //?/ steamers at Seattle.
Vfts_^/ For Victoria. Vancouver.
>^TSr^?^ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. 'Whatcom —
II a. m.. August 29. Sept. 3. Chanir« at Seat,
tie. to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona 1 :3f>
p m., August 26. Sept. I: Coron3. 1:30 p. m..
August 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los An«e!e* an3
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, {via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Ventura and Huenerre.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. August 20. Sept. «.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 2.
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Cuaymas (Mei.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month »V
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
iny dates,
TICKET OFFICES—* New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office 10 Market street.
C D. DUNAN"N General Passenger Agent.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" tails An*. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 30,
Oct. 10. 20. 30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept.
5 15 25 Oct 8. 15. 25. Only steamship ltn*
to PORTLAND OR. and short rail lin* from
Portland to all" points East. Through tickets
to all points all rail or steamship and Tail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a m. S F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery «t.; C. CLIFFORD. Gea
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogs).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for Ind:a. etc. No
cargo received on board, on day of sailing.
S- I HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
n jla) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. 8. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15, 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
.... - Tuesday. November 10. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Corrx-
nany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
v I -W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OceanttU.co.nKM
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 5. 11 a. m
a" S* SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept.fl?. 2 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. !». 11 a. m.
iX.MiniU*K.S.tt,Ajtt..iauiS!ta.l43BarMJt '
WtiiSa.321 lj.-MSL.rsrI:. 7.fta&SL
C0X?ASNTS eXlfXHalS TKAK3ATLACTIV7X.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^. h
Saillni; every Thursday Instead of *JE5#i
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. <**Tlgy
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. |70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI St CO.. Pacific Coasc
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. '
Tickets sold by alt Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kara Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO-1
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave- Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m . 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents Tel.
Main 1508. Ficr 2. M Issloa-it. dock. HATCH
BROS..-
•BTEW ADVEETISEMENTS. " r
CONSPICUOUS IN A BALLROOM."
Flakes of Dandruff on the Collar and
Shoulders of a Gentleman in
Full Dress. v;^'
This is the thing you quite froquently
*ee In th* ballroom— a man's Mack dress
coat literally covered with dandruff.
It murt be annoying f» the Trrarrr, and •«>r-
««JnIy rot a pleasant thing to observe, nut
dandruff can t>e eradicate. It is » pr-rm dis-
ias«> that will kome <1ay rjiust- baldness.
N«-wbro'« HPrpicide Vi]'.-. tht> halr-dpstroy-
ir»f tcrrm and Btlnulatrs th» hair to a ri^'i.
ibun<J&rit nrrowth; It does more — k*-eps the hair
»oft and pliant.
rurthwmore. Ilerpicide is a most pleasant
toilrt accM-sory. of pleasing odor and ocoll.ig
to tt-e scalp.
Sold »>>' leading drUKRiFts. S»>nd 10c« in
?tjtmpi" for eamx>le to The Herpiclde Co.. l)e-
troit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants ar.d Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho /Ir /^*T^ « "-[
\AI. T. HESS.
rOTABY PUBLIC A.KD ATTOEKET-AT-LAW.
irBtfi V\oat. lioom 1015. Clau» Spreckrl» bJdfc
T<lephon« Main 9&3.
li«eidence. 821 Calirornla «t.. below Powell
Retidepo Telephon* Jamea 1501.
Why should a poor grocer
tejl Schilling's Best
tea baking pswdct tp.:*-*
caCee flavorioc extracts t od» %
To p-iss for a good one.
Money back.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
To dress
does not require a large expense— it merely involves good
judgment in selecting a reliable value at a price consist- I
Our made-to-order clothing is sold at the very low- I
est prices the quality of the goods and a safe business J
policy warrant. .
. Through many advantages we are in a position to
offer the best made-to-order clothing for the price of any
store on this coast; .
This fact is vividly exemplified in the wear of our
Protection with every. purchase — a liberal guarantee.
Suits to order from
Samples freely given for the asking. |
Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled — y
satisfactory fit assured through our self-measuring system— g
write for samples* \ |
740 Market St. and 1
Cor. Powell and Eddy.' -IST. PETERSBURG has had upon the subject of
expositions a thought so happy it ought to
have been American. She purposes to open in
one of the imperial palaces of that city an exposition
to be known as "The World." It is to be
under the patronage of her Majesty the Dowager
Empress Mary Fedorovna, and it is announced that
it will be so comprehensive in its scope as to be of
world-wide interest and usefulness.
Consul General Lodygensky has asked the Ameri
can Institute of Social Service in New York to or
ganize an American committee to prepare an Ameri
can exhibition, and the institute has consented. A
summary of the plan on which the exposition has
been arranged says there will be a complete picture of
child life from birth to school days, including nour
ishment, dress, instruction, amusement and physical
and moral education. The exhibits are to be divided
into five sections. Section I, on scientific teaching,
will include exhibits of manuals, books, maps, tools,
pictures and other materials used for teaching chil
dren in all parts of the world; section II will be de
voted to the physical development of children and
will include exhibits for the care of babes, their nour
ishment, hygiene before' school age and also school
houses and school playgrounds; section III will be
devoted to industrial exhibits, including the equip
ment of nurseries, clothing, toys and children's games;
section IV will include all exhibits of child life in
the arts, while section V is to be the historic-ethno
graphical section, where there will be illustrations of
historical events from the lives of child heroes, dis
coveries and inventions made by children", works and
compositions by young artists and composers, and
ethnological peculiarities in the lives of children of
different nations.
If the plans as projected be fully carried out, "The
Child's World" will doubtless prove itself one of the
EXPOSITION OF CHILD LIFE.
Hawaii has determined that as far as manner is
concerned she intends to adopt the voting system
now in legal vogue in California. While this decision
is an unquestioned compliment to us, simple justice
compels us to warn the island territory that she must
not follow too closely our ideals expressed in the
choice of men we sometimes elect to public office.
In a spirit of envious emulation of California
Arizona had - jail break a few days ago and loosed
a band of desperadoes in the Territory. More wise
than emulous, however, the authorities forgot th :
glory we are having and promptly recaptured the
POT-SHOTTING CONSULS.
W. H. Falk, a mill man of Arcata, is
at the Palace.
Bishop W. H. Moreland of Sacramento
is at the Occidental.
Banker O. McHenry of Modesto is stop
ping at the Occidental.
Henry Atwood, a mining man of Chico,
Is a guest at the Grand.
E. H. Cox, a wealthy lumber man of
Madera, Is at the Palace.
Robert H. Turner, a mining man of
Nevada City, is at the Lick.
Dr. C T. Shaffer and wife of Kansas
City are stopping at the Occidental.
Gage E. Tarbell, a prominent insurance
man of New York, and his wife are guests
at the Palace.
' A. B. Booth, who is the head of a big
lumber concern In Eugenia, Or., is among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
Rev. H. V. S. Myers and wife and
daughter of New York, missionaries en
route to China, are registered at the Oc
cidental.
John Barrett, the newly appointed
United States Minister to Venezuela,
who has been in the city for several
days, leaves for the East to-day.
D. E. Skinner, manager of the salt
trust's interests in this city, is registered
at the Palace, having returned from Los
Angeles yesterday. He is on his way
to Puget Sound.
William Gosslin, who represents A. B.
Hammond, the lumber magnate, in this
city, has just returned from an extended
trip through the Northwest and is regis
tered at the Palace.
A letter received here yesterday
stated that E. H. Harriman of the
Southern Pacific Company contemplates
coming West about the middle of the
present month.
• Rev. and Mrs. Robert Irwln, who have
been doing missionary .work in Slam for
a number of years- and have been spend
ing a few months' vacation in this coun
try, arrived at the Occidental yesterday
on their way to the Orient.
Treatment Comes Too Late.
Dr. S. Hennlng of Clovis, Cal., was sent
to the McKanna Institute, 14 Geary street,
for treatment on Saturday. He was so
weak that no treatment was given him,
but Dr. Armistead was called in. Hen
.nlng died yesterday and the Morgue was
'notified. Dr. Henning had recovered from
an attack of typhoid fever, and while
convalescing commenced to drink heavily.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound, in artistic nre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. *
IT turns out that our Vice Consul at Beirut was
not shot, but only shot at, and escaped injury,
thanks to bad marksmanship and none to the
bad intentions of the assassin. The administration
does well to make a naval demonstration to in
form the Sultan that we do not send Consuls to his
empire to serve as tarjets for his subjects. It is
well r.lso that we operate independently of the
European powers, which are more specially con
cerned in the Mahometan problem.
The hysterical demand that we insist Chris
tendom joining us to force the Turk out of Europe
is made without knowledge of our system of gov
ernment or our international responsibility. The
Turk fought his way into Europe, just as many
Christian nations h-ve fought their way elsewhere,
and with as little regard for the consequences to
others. The operations of Christendom in China
do not leave a, sufficiently wide margin to make
room to spread pur phylactery in its entirety.
We have problems nearer home that need our
attention. The Mahometan faith was spread by
the swo-d. It was that kind of a faith. The de
man'" that Christianity adopt the same plan leaves
too little difference between the two for the com
fort of those who believe that the whole spirit of
Christianity '•ins to" the overcoming of evil with
good, and suggests no other means for the spread
of^the faith of the Nazarene.
: Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
WHILE trade has been monotonous for a
nonth or more it was especially • so last
week. Reports from all over the country
showed the same, plodding, humdrum conditions.
If there -was anything particularly noticeable it
was the loss in the volume of bank clearings, which
amounted to 19.8 per cent in comparison with the
corresponding week in 1002. The heaviest loss
was at New York (46.4 per cent), where stack
speculation has been tame since the last sharp drop
-everal weeks ago. It is this decrease in specula
tion which probably explains the loss in the clear
ings. Boston lost and so did BaltitTiore, but the
other large cities gained, though" the gain was very
slight in all cases. The aggregate oi clearings for
tlie whole country fell off to $1,645,529,000, by far
tl smallest aggregate for several' years.
For a long time the; average weekly clearings
have totaled about $2,100,000,000; hence this pro
nounced loss at once attracts attention, .and the
question immediately arises: What -causes this —
a falling off in general trade throughout the coun
try, or in stock speculation, or a decline in values
of merchandise and produce, or diminished, foreign
trade, or all combined? But whatever the. cause,
this is a drop so sudden "and sharp-, like the unex
pected fall of the thermometer or barometer, that
it will bear watching for a week or two. .Not for
years has such - thing happened to the bank clean
ings." V
A scrutiny of general trade shows nothing to
jiro'Juce such a violent decrease in the vohim; cf
business as shown by this shrinkage in "the clear
ings. There is nothing in the condition of the
cereal, provision, textile, metal or farm produce
markets, or even in the stock market, to account
for it. The staples as a rule are steady, but none
of them are particularly active; the provision mar
ket has been dragging and slowly declining, but
this has been going on for some time; the textile
industries arc not as active as they were last year
it is true, Lut most of the mills and factories are
working right along and report things in satisfac
tory condition; iron and steel have quieted down
considerably during t'..e past several months, but
there is no dullness reported; farm produce is
above the normal in price and moving off excel
lently, and cerea!s certainly cannot be called de
pressed. So the question is condensable to about
t-vo conditions: Either general tradt is of smaller
volume or the decline in stock valuations in Wall
street must be held accountable for the loss in
cl~Tingj. "' is probably the latter, as most of the
decrease is shown by New York as mentioned
above.
New York reports the number of buyers in town
from all over the country increasing, but this is
a feature common to this time of the year. The
railroads are still unable to supply cars enough to
transport all the freight offered them with dis
patch, though the shortage is not as acute as it
was last year. Some sections are reporting the
fall demand for merchandise more backward than
of late years. The failures for the week were 176,
-C^inst 173 for the tame week in 1902. Taken as
a whole the commercial situation is sound, with
no weak or disquieting conditions of any conse
quence apparent. The only cloud is the drop in
the clearings.
On this coast business seems to be more active
than across the mountains. We are all busy out
here. Our crops ars not as large as we expected
along in the spring, but with the exception of
wlieat, which will be more or less scarce again
this year, they are large enough. The demand for
f.e! I and orchard products is excellent and grow
ing, and a number of farm staples, such as hops,
dried fruits, hay, grains, etc., are advancing. Dairy
produce is above the normal quotations, and the
demand is so good that the market readily absorbs
all the receipts as a rule. The leading seaports of
t".:e coast report a good export trade. .Real estate
is active and both city a--* country properties, are
changir.j 1-nds briskly, at higher prices than have
ruled for some years. Collections are up to the
: -crage, crests are good, tne banks are liberally
supplied with funds and failures are not numerous.
There are fe\. if any complaints heard in mercan
tile <; arters and the farmers seem abundantly sat
isfied with their returns. Times are good with us.
whatever they may be elsewhere
SUDDEN FALL IN BANK CLEARINGS
PERSONAL MENTION.
of any other navy. Twenty-two years
ago Italy led all other navies in larger
battleships of greater speed and heavier
guns, and its vessels of teat class built
up to the present time, while slightly di
minished in size, have increased In speed
and general efficiency. In the Vittorio
Emanuele III, now building, Italy will
possess the best battleship afloat. Its
calculated speed of twenty-two knots will
exceed by three knots the fastest vessel
of its class yet built in any navy, and
its armor protection and battery will
enable the ship to engage any other ves
sel of considerably greater tonnage with
assurance of success. Three' ships of this
type are building, identical in all par
ticulars, the principal data of which are:
Displacement, 12,624 tons; horsepower. 20.
000; calculated speed, 22 knots; main bat
tery, two 12-inch and twelve 8-lnch guns;
armor belt, &?i inches to 4 inches; armor
ed deck, 4 inches; gun positions, armor 8
inches and 6 inches: normal coal. 1000
tons; estimated cost, $5,000,000. The five
American battleships of the Connecticut
class compare 'as follows with the Italian
ships: Displacement, 16,000 tons; horse
power, 16.500; calculated speed, 18 knots;
main battery, four 12-inch, eight
8-inch. 1 twelve 7-inch: armor belt,
11 inches to 4 inches: armored deck,
%-inch, gun positions, armor 12 Inches
and 7 Inches; normal coal, 900 tons;
estimated cost, $7,500,000. The battery of
the American ships exceeds that of the
Italian at the expense of speed and coai
supply. , It is not improbable, however,
that the experience of the Indiana elass
may be repeated in the Connecticut type
in allowing an undue preponderance of
ordinance, thereby sacrificing other es
sentials of an efficient battleship. .
Colonel V. U. Cuniberti, chief construc
tor of the Italian navy, has outlined a
design for a battleship which, if it should
prove what is claimed for it, would be
able to destroy all other ships that it
might choose. This ship is to be of 17,000
tons, 24 knots speed, main battery of
twelve 12-inch guns and a hull and
gun protection of 12-inch armor. No
details are given, even on paper, as
to how this ambitious design is to
be materialized. The displacement
would accommodate the battery and
armor, but the. speed appears to
be rather visionary. It would be possi
ble to get the requisite fine lines for high
speed on a length of 450 feet, breadth of
80 feet and 27 feet mean draught, but the
aggregate weights would far exceed the
intended displacement of 17,000 tons. The
ITALIAN naval constructors have
shown more originality in the devel«
opment of naval designs than those
financial condition. The organization was
made by calling a public meeting. Later
on concerts and other entertainments
still further popularized the Navy League.
It is planned to have kinematograph ex
hibitions during the coming winter at the
theater, as well as a series of lectures.
These public entertainments answer the
twofold purpose of amusement and In
struction and account for the popularity
of the German Navy League , and Its
branches in seaboard towns and Interior
districts.
A cruiser named Hamburg was launch
ed at the Vulcan yarn, Stettin. July 21
The vessel is one of three of the improved
Gazelle type and cla39 construction. The
ships are copper sheathed, being intended
for foreign station service. The data as
given in Ueberall, the official publication
of the Navy League, differ greatly from
those of Brassey and other naval authori
ties, which latter are probably incorrect.
According to Ueberall the Hamburg clas3
is of 3200 tons. 10,000 horsepower and
twenty-two knots speed, carrying an arm
ament of ten 4.1-inch, ten 1.4-Inch and
four machine gur.a. Another authority
gives the size of the vessels as 3000 tons.
LOOu norsepower and, a speed of twt-nty
two knots. The keel of the Hamburg
was laid in August. 1902, and the ship is
to be completed by •Fetruary. 1304.
Midshipman Duncan Douglass, in the
fourth class at the Naval Acaderay. has
been dismissed for falsely certifying: hla
ags to be 19, whereas he was 2T years oKl.
It was learned that h*> had graduated
from Yale in 1S97 and was admitted to the
bar in 1D01. Douglass was appointed from
the eighteenth New York district a few
weeks ago, and someone interested in
having another candidate appointed fur
nished the damaging disclosures to the
Navy Department. When confronted
with the charge Douglass admitted the
truth and was promptly dismissed. The
offense of understating the age haa been
made in several Instances and there were
within the last ten years two officers re
tired with the rank of rear admirals who
were from three to five years older than
they claimed when entering the service,
but Douglass was probably the oldest
youngster at the academy.
Trials of the battleship Maine will take
place during the early part of Septem
ber. The ship has been laid up at the
League Island Navy Yard since April IS
last undergoing extensive repairs to the
damaged hull and boilers. The intention
Is to make short speed trials in Chesa
peake Bay to test her boilers, after which
the ship will make a trip to San Juan,
Porto Rico, to test her endurance, and
finally the vessel is to go on a long
cruise In order to fully establish the
value of her tellers. Fotr vessels now
under construction are planned to be
fitted with Niclausse boilers and upon the
results of the Maine boilers depend their
adoption or rejection in the other ships.
Work on the new concrete drydock at
the Norfolk Navy Yard is to be begun
during September. It ia to be 600 feet in
length and is estimated to cost $1,100,000.
Another of the same dimensions and cost
Is to be built at the New York Navy
Yard. ;
consolidated weights under the several
items constituting the completed ship
would be approximately as follows: Hull,
Including protective deck, 8000 tons; ar
mor, 4000 tons; guns and ammunition.
1500 tons; equipments, stores, officers and
crew, 800 tons. These weights aggregatt
14,300 tons, leaving a margin of only 2700
tons for machinery and coal. At least
1000 tons should be carried of the latter
and thus only 1700 tons remains for ma
chinery. To obtain a speed of 24 knots
would require not less than 40,000 horse
power, representing a weight of about
3500 tons. There is therefore a deficit of
1800 tons due to an effort at attaining a
speed that is not required in such a
formidably armed and protected battle
ship.
• • •
Six battleships are to be laid down for
the Russian navy during the present year.
They are enlargements and improvements
of the Borodino type, 460 feet in length,
80 feet beam and 6000 tons displacement
on a mean draught of 26 feet. Engines of
18,000 horsepower are calculate.! to give
a speed of eighteen knots. The main bat
tery is composed of four twelve-inch and
twelve eight-inch guns. Two of the ships
are to be fitted with Belleville and two
with Nlclausse boilers, leaving two still
undetermined as to type of boilers.
The Russian fleet in the Black Sea is,
according to English accounts, in a high
ly inefficient state. The annual naval
maneuvers are repetitions of those carried
out fifteen years ago, and the ships are in
bad shape. The boilers of the battleship
Rotislviv are said to be second-hand af
fairs, and the hulls of the Catharlna II
and Georgi Pobleddonosetz are claimed
to be of such frail construction as to be
unable to stand the strain of discharging
their heavy guns.
The 7\»-inch gun of forty-five calibers,
made by the Vlckers Company, England,
for the Chilean battleship La Libertad.
was tested last month. The shell., weigh
ing 2(0 pounds,- attained an initial velocity
of 3003 feet per second with a charge of
eighty-six pounds of cordite, exerting a
muzzle energy of 12.370 foot tons. Its pen
etration is calculated to be eight inches of
Krupp steel at 3000 yards, equal to that, of
the United States' latest naval gun of
eight inches, which fires a projectile
weighing 250 pounds. It is claimed for
the Vlckers gun that it can be fired at the
rate of eight rounds per minute.
Two British gunboats, Esk of 363 tons
and Firebrand of 455 tons, were recently
sold at auction at Hongkong. They had
been stationed in China waters for over
twenty years and were no longer sea
worthy. Their hulls were composite, built
twenty-six years ago, yet the prices
brought were remarkably high, the Esk
being knocked for $10,300 and the Fire
brand for $16,000, indicating a good state
of preservation, notwithstanding their ad
vanced age.
The small town of Rostock, Germany,
has proportionately the largest navy
league club, the members of which num
ber 2175 out of a total population of bare
ly 21,000. It has been in existence about
eighteen months and is In a flourishing
BATTLESHIP POBIEDA (VICTORY). ONE -OF THE MOST MODERN AND FOR *" D^!£i^
OF WAR. THE VESSEL IS OF 12,674 TONS AND CARRIES FOUR 10-INCH. ELE\ EN 6-LNCH. SIXTEEN
3-INCH AND NUMEROUS SMALLER" GUNS.
Some of the stories told of personal experience in
business and of success resulting from thrift are in
teresting. Z. T. Evans, a mattress manufacturer, of
New Orleans, said: "I started in business with $90,
working by hand, afterward with horsepower. Busi
ness prospered, and during the past year $25,000
passed through the bank. We employ twenty-five
hands." Edward Berry of Athens, Ala., discussed
the hotel business. He said that he was running a
hotel for the people, not white or black, but for all
the people. "Our guests," said he, "are the best
white people who come to the city of Athens." L.
Winters, a negro produce dealer, of Nashville, stated
that during the past six months he had shipped $50,
000 worth of produce. Eugene S. Booze, who is rated
as the third negro merchant in Mississippi, told how
he started in business some years ago with $70. In
addition to a successful business he now owns a build
ing worth $15,000. R. R. Stiedson of Selma, Ala,,
started some years ago on a very small capital and
to-day has one of the largest and best-kept businesses
among the colored men in his State. He reports the
friendly relations existing between the races in his
city. "Conduct a business on a fair and legitimate
basis," said he, "and your patronage will come from
the whites as well as from those of your own color."
It may be noted in this connection that there is
published at Nashville one of the best organs of the
colored people in the country, the Palladium.
The editor of that paper has steadfastly urged
his people to profit by the opportunities of
the ' race instead of complaining of the dif
ficulties and antagonisms that confront them.
In a recent issue of his paper he said: "The con
tinued agitation of the negro problem is doing the
negro great harm. It is causing the white people to
draw the color line in places where it was never
drawn before."^-. He adds: "These conditions are
being caused by outside interference — that is, people
'at the North firing into the people at the South
with no other object than to stir up strife between
the sections and races. And, further, by a bagpipe
clement of negroes who are calling conventions,
passing resolutions, which engender bad feeling
between the races. The negro ought to have sense
enough to know the bad effect of his hot air when
squirted at white people. The hot-headed negro at
tempts to show in so many words what he would
do with the while race if he had power; the white
man in turn retaliates by showing the negro what
he can do with the negro who is powerless to help
himself, and away goes the few privileges we onc,e
enjoyed."
The conclusions of the Palladium are strictly busi
ness. It says: "The power of money should be
tested by the negro race instead of the power of a
division of sentiment among the white race favorable
to the negro. The money will stand by you when
the divided sentiment will allow reading matter con
cerning the hanging of a negro to appear daily."
WHILE so much is being said of the more
gloomy aspects of the negro problem and
of the relations, of the two races in the
Southern States, it is highly gratifying to have such
a presentation of the brighter side of the issue as
was made by the recent convention at Nashville of
the National Negro Business League. From first to
last the proceedings of the convention appear to
have been in the highest degree encouraging. The
convention was well received by the white people
of the city, the Legislature' granted the Assembly
Hall of the State Capitol as a place of meeting and
a hearty and cordial welcome was given by the
Mayor.
Some of the statements made by the delegates give
clear indications that despite the drawbacks under
which he labors America is nevertheless a land of
opportunity for the black man as well as for the
white, and that a negro who has any business ca
pacity and energy does riot fail to find ample re
ward for his labors. It appears, moreover, accord
ing to the statements of some of the speakers, that
the opportunities are better in the South than in the
Northern States, and several Northern negroes
among the delegates expressed themselves as having
been astonished to note how much of genuine good
feeling existed in Nashville between the better classes
of whites and blacks.
THE NEGRO IN BUSINESS.
Four men were arrested in this city the other day
for attempting primarily to rob a Grand Army man
of his money and incidentally for seeking to teach
him the game of poker. The offense of the black
guards would have been far less grievous had they
simply stolen the old man's, money and left him in
ignorarrte of a game that will be a menace to him
for the rest of his days.
MONDAY AUGUST 31. *9O3
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
"TTdreTTAU Ccmrmjnlcotlons to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S; V.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Steven.on St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term, by Mall. Indudinr Foetase (Cash With Ordrr):
DAILY CALL dnc'.udiriB Sunday). <m« year * t Z*
DAILT CALL <!ncluding BunJay). « months
DAILY CALL— By Sltycle Month •'•'£
PUXDAY CALL. On* Year (j ••••• *•"
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 3 Iz23
f Dally... *S.8O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE < Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. I.OO Per Year Extra
All PoitmcKen are ncthorlied to receive
subscriptions... ¦
Bampla coc»e« will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rub*cribers In crd^rlnr chance of adflres* should be
particular to give bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to laeur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAMJ OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BKHKKL12Y OFFICE.
8148 Center Street Telephone North TT
— Kj
C. GEOUOE KKOGXESS. Manager Forelun Adver
tisings Marqneite Huil.Hnur. Cblcaa-o.
«Lor.c Distance Telephone "Central 2619. -c »
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOItTOX K. CUAXI3 1400 G Street. X. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:.
STEPHEN n. SMITH SO Tribune Dnlldtaiff
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOS ..Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS FTANDS:
Waldorf-Artoria Hotel; 'A- Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel ani Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
eiwrman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Tremont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
URA\CII OFFICES— '27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9. SO o'clock. 633
McAlIirter. open until 9:30 o # clook. 615 Larkln. open until
8-30 o' clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Msrke*. corner Sixteenth, oper- until o'clock. 109« Va
lencia open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. C200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
The situation in fact is something like that of
France under the reign of Louis XVI. Louis was
supposed to be an absolute monarch, but as a mat
ter of fact his Government did not have power 1
enough to keep the peace in Paris. The streets
of the capital swarmed with robbers, even as the
principal roads of the kingdom swarmed with high
wa> r men. Government was but a fiction. It was
too weak to protect itself against even so much
as a mob, and France went through her Reign of
Terror not. to overthrow a tyranny, but to save
herself from anarchy.
The Su'Itan is charged with violating his prom
ises, but he is powerless to keep them. There is
lawlessness everywhere. When his troops are or
dered to keep the peace in a village they destroy
it, and when they are withdrawn from a district
the population of- Moslems and Christians immedi
ately begin to exterminate one another. It is use
less to attribute the blame to this side or to that,
for the one set of fighters is about as bad as the
other.
' What is needed in the Balkans is not more lib
erty," but more law. The Government is violent in
its action. solely because it has not strength enough
to act calmly. It is cruel because it dares not be
merciful even if those who direct it were wise
enough to understand the political value of mercy.
Indeed the Government itself appears to be hardly
more responsible than the mobs who defy it, and
until a stronger Government is forthcoming the
disorders and the daily record of atrocities will
go on.
France at trie "collapse of the old regime had
.within herself a sufficient virtue to redeem her
from anarchy. Notwithstanding the effort of the
b.anded despotisms of Europe to uphold the former
order of things she wrought out her salvation tri
umphantly as a free and independent nation. The
populations -"of Turkey have no such virtue.
Divided in race, language and religion, with no
national instinct or any common patriotism to hold
them together, they will convert their country into
a desert by their burnings and their slaughterings
unless some outside power interferes to establish
order and maintain it. In the presence of so great
a problem and so vast a work, the statesmen of
Europe naturally hesitate to intervene further than
to make remonstrances and new and then to de
mand damages. That sort of interference, however,
does little or no "good, for the remonstrances go
to a Government that is powerless to act with effi
ciency. Virtually the Ottoman empire has al.eady
ceased to exist, and its formal sovereignty lingers
at Consta: .inople solely because no one as yet
really wishes to overthrow it. To destroy it would
be easy, but after the destruction there would have
to be reconstruction, and it is the lack of any clear
plan for achieving that which makes Europe pause
and restrain the hands of the leaders of insurrec
tion.
The prolonged disturbance throughout all parts
of the empire, in Asia Minor as well as in Europe,
discloses the fact that the Government has ceased
to ex'ist in anything more than name. Turkey is
r-'opylarly supposed to be a despotism, the Govern
ment is looked upon as a remorseless, cruel all
dominating power, crushing out the liberties of its
subjects and dooming to death the populations of
entire districts that fall under the rage of the
tyrant. That supposition is erroneous. The very
reverse is the case. Turkey is not a despotism, but
an anarchy. The disturbances in the empire arc
due not to a tyranny, but to a lack of any law
whatever. The Government has no power suffi
cient to restrain its own soldiers or to suppress the
rebels. The righting and the massacres that follow
one another so fast and furnish to the news of the
'day '50 many atrocities are. the results of a sus
pension of law, of the overthrow of authority and
the collapse of government.
Were a despostism the cause of the evils in the
Balkans the world might look for better things
by a mere change of. the sovereign,, or perhaps
even of a minister, but being as it is the result of
a weakness inherent in the empire itself, there
seems no way of providing a remedy other than
that of the erection at Constantinople of an en
tirely new Government.
DESPITE^ the confusing and often contradic
tory nature of the reports from the Balkan
states, enough of truth emerges to justify
the belief that the time is near at hand when the
long struggle of the Turk to maintain himself in
Europe will have to be abandoned and the empire
he now swa> r s be given over to another power, or
divided among many.
ANARCHY IN THE BALKANS.
ITALY'S BATTLESHIPS EXCEL ALL
OTHERS IN ARMAMENT AND IN SPEED
most interesting minor expositions that has ever yet
been held. There is a wide variety in the child life
of the different races, and Russia is in a good position
to gather, exhibits from both Europe and Asia. Even
America will doubtless be well represented. Per
haps in the near. future we may. have a similar expo
sition of our own, for the idea is sufficiently good to
be worth following.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Grand Opera Opens II
I The grand opera season opens to-night at the Tivoli. You a fj
I want to be properly attired for the occasion. We have full dress S H
§ suits at various prices and likewise make them to order. How- a c
I ever, we want to call your particular attention to the opera crush j| §
1 It is made of fine, best quality silk. The shape is the latest. 3
I as the picture shows. All other stores about town are charjjinjr |
¦ $8 for a hat like ours. Better come in and see them. We 5 |Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE,
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
th«r e*rly morning tlder are given In the left
¦• . : ; column and the successive tides of the
ti-.y In t'ae order of occurrence as to time: the
:our:h t!ni« column gives the lart tide of the
flay, except when tb*re are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
<"g:.m BUI sty Charts, except when the number
given <s eubtr*CTed from the depth given by
the 'luit*. ihe plane of reference i* the meav
•f tt>* iv* «j U>w waters.
Hun rises 6:34 a. m.
Sun f-.t 6:41 p. m.
Moon ecu \ 0:01 a. ro.
C ITlmel Time! !Tlme| Time
t : Ft. 1 Ft. 1 j Ft. Ft.
? ;l wi h w( il wf h w
~i t»:4C| 0.71 7:45| 4.2 12:3C 2.9 6:42 6.J
1 1:41 <«-5| S:40l 4.4 1:33 2.9 7:40 6.1
•• 2-2S 0.4! 8:35| 4« 2:31 2.8 8:33 6.1
~: 307 O.:j.'lO:Itj 4.6 3:15 2.7 8:20 6.1
-; 3:«4 O.310:.V>' * u 3:54 2.5 10:04 6.1
S I 4:1CI 0.31X1 :V.*\ fi.OI 4:.*MI 2-2i 10:431 6.1
«i 1 4:S2| O.5;!l:45i S.1J C:03j 2.O!ll:20| 5.1
FROM SEATTLE.
MONDAY. AUGUST 31
Sun. Moon and Tide.
Li'ted States £oast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to can
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hirh and low waters occur at
thf city front (Misslon-etreet wharf) about 23
*.<!i:utc» later than at Fort Point; the helgnt of
tide Is the rame at both places.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
AnRnit 31.
81Ieila Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor .... 12 m Pier 2
Olympic Whatcom & Falr*n 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September 1.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt B pm|Pler 2
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
S Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ........ 0 am Pier 13
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :3O p Pier 9
» rc0 Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
" September 3.
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 0 am Pier 19
September 3.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 18
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Korea ". China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City PuVbla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
September 4.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Alliance.... Portland Way Pts. 6 pm Pier Its
September f».
pt. Ar^na. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda. . . Honolulu 11 am Pier 17
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rival Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
September «!.
Coos Bay. . San Pedro Way Pts 9 am Pier 19
September 7.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 110 amfPier ID
September 8. | I
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
September 1O.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Steamer. j From. Due.
Montara Port Harford Aug. 31
Del Norte Crescent City Aug. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pu. Aug. 31
Gaelic China & Japan Aug. 31
M. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 31
Olympic San Pedro Aug. 31
Mlneola Tacoma Sept. 1
Edith Seattle Sept. 1
S.Monica Grays Harbor... Sept. 1
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Arcata Coos Bay St Pt. Orford. Sept. 1
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 1
Corona Humboldt Sept. 2
Ean Juan New Tork via Panama Sept. 2
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Sept. 2
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Sept. 3
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.|Sept 3
Alliance Portland & Way PortslSept. a
Rival Wlllapa Harbor |Sept, 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way PU. Sept. a
Umatllla Puget Sound Porta Sept. 4
Nevadan Honolulu Sept. 6
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. &
J. Dollar Seattle &. Tacoma Sept. «5
Newburg Grays Harbor Sept. 6
Sonoma Sydney & Way Port*. 1 Sept. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 7
S. Barbara... Seattle A Olympla Sept. 8
Queen Puget Sound Ports... Sept. 9
Colon Ne* York via Panama. Sept. 0
Rainier J Seattle & Whatcom... Sept. 9
With our $10 water heater you can have hot
water in five minutes. San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company. •
NAPA,' Aug. 30. — C. E. Holllnson, who was
released from Jail Friday after having served
sentence for having obtained money under
faiee pretenses, was rearrested on a charge
of having swindled Robert Ccrlett out of $2 £>O.
.The success of the third rail electric
service to and from Mill Valley has
Justified *the Js*ort.h Shore in announcing
a winter schedule with three trains more
than present time table. The new time
card is a big improvement, and no doubt
will full>* satisfy the wants of the people
of Marin County. Many of the residents
across the bay have already signified
their intention of remaining there during
the winter. The new schedule will also
be the means of inducing many people
to build homes In Marin County, for the
climate and attractions are unexcelled.
The North Shore people recently issued
a booklet on "Suburban Homes," which
deals thoroughly with the advantages of
the country along Its lines.
Beautiful Marin.
csii, for Montreal.
BOULOGNE fcX'R MER— Sailed Aug. 30—
Stmr Statendam. lrom Rotterdam, for New
York, and passed Prawle Point.
BREMEN — Sailed Aug. 30 — Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst, for New York, via Cherbourg,
aad pai-s^d Dungennes.
Q.UKENBTOWN — Eailefl Aug. 30— Etmr
Ktrjrla, from Liverpool for New Tork.
LIZARD — Paseed Aug. 30— Stmr Mlnne
tonka. from New York for London.
SC1LLY— Passed Aug. 30— Stmr Kaiser WI1
htlm IL from New York for Plymouth, Cher
bourg and Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Ang. 30^ — Stmr Can
ada from Montreal: stmr Celtic, from New
York, via Queenetown.
Failed — Stmr Georgic. for New York, and
j.aysed Browhead.
MOVILLE — Arrived Aug. 30 — Stmr Bava
rian, from Montreal for Liverpool, and pro
< < ,-eded.
GLASGOW — Arrived Aug. CO — Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, via Movllle.
Sailed — Stmr Syrian, for Montreal.
LONDON — Sailed Aug. 30 — Stmr Montevid-
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug. 30— Stmr Ala»
kan, from Tacoma.
Sailed Aug. 23 — Br etmr Aorangi. for Aus
tralia.
ELEELE- Sailed Aug. 27— Btkn Koko Head,
for Port Townsend.
MAHCKONA— Arrived Aug. 2S— Schr Kona,
from Newcastle, Australia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ISLAND PORTS
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug. 23 — Stmr Arcata,
hence Aug. 27.
Bailed — Stnr Alliance for Eureka and Ean
Francitjco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug. 30— Schr
Snow & Durge&a. for San Francisco.
TaTOOSH — I'assed In Aug. SO — Stmr Lakine
for Eagle Harbor; aJso Ettnr Santa Barbara,
hence Aug. 27, for Seattle.
Passed out — Br chip Algburth. for Valpa
raiso; sch Snow & Burgess, for San. Fran
claeo; bark Challenger for Cape Town.
6EATTLE— Sailed Aug. 2V— Suar Edith for
San Franclaco.
POINT LOBOS — Passed Aug. 30, 4 p. m. —
Stmr Alcatraz. from San Pedro for Point
Arena.
PAX DIEGO — Sailed Aug. 30 — Etmr Marsh
field for Ean Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Anp;. 30— Strr-r
Sar.ta Crur. for Ean Pedro. /
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Aug. 30 — Schr Ma
rloa for San Franclxco.
6AN* PEDRO — Arrived Aug. 20 — Schr Oli
ver J. Olaen. from Madison; bark Vldette,
from Everett; bktn Portland, from Tacorr.a;
stmr South Coast, hence Aug. 28.
Sailed — Stmr South Coaet, for Redondo;
•ch R«a«=-at for Coos Bay; stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per ftmr Argo — Aug. 30, off Bodega — Tug
Defiance, fr>>m Coc« liay for Saa Francisco,
with bar*re In tow.
El'OKEX
POINT LOBOS. Aug. 30, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity b miles per hour.-
Ftmr t^anta Rrea.. Alexander. San Diego,
f-'trr.r Oualala. Johnson, Mendoclno. " •
S-h:;i ?;a.r of Russia, Lindberg;. Karluk.
hchr Virginia. Mattlson. Portland.
K< !:r liiu. A. Cami-bell. Bodega.
Frhr Newark. R*-lnerts»n. Stewarts Point.
Fchr lieKie K, Mcrrlam, £an Vicente Land
lng.
Br fchip Port Crawford, Williams. Melbourne.
Bark Kalular.l. Colly, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Newt-boy, Adler. WestiKJrt.
Premi-ss. Ahlsirom, San Pedro.
Sunday, August 30.
Str.!r Fouth Portland. Mclntyr<\ Portland.
Pimr Robert Dollar. Jnhnson. Portland.'
Stmr Arctic. Keiner, Eurtka.
Ui&keley. •
Schr Philippine, Fredertcksen, "Vi tla-J'8
'rom Tacom«i.
Pchr feacrarrento, Mtrcer, 4 dais from SIus-
iaw River.
Biota John Smith. Wick, 6 day* from Ta-»
coma. l * • •
SAILED. ,. . * •
Hardy Creek, bound San Pedro. Called In <or
jaF&eagvrs. q
Stmr Kedondo, Krog. 45 hours from -Ean
Pedro.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. 14 hours from Mer>.
tJocino. •=) ' •
Ftmr Eureka, Jea*en, 24 hours from Eureka.
Scfcr MiTidoro. Larson. 7 days from Port'.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Augrast SO.
Ptrcr Westport, Smith, IS hours from West
port.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, 47 hours from
.' : • Ltd* Angeles.
Stmr Argo, I>uchain, 24 hours from Eel
niver.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelaad. SI hours from ' Moss
Landing and way ports.
SStrnr Pomcxa, Swanson. 20 hours from Eu
rtka.
Htrar City of Puebla. Jepeen, 54 hours from
Victoria. .- ¦ . '•¦• '
Stmr Prenties. Ahlstrom, 17 hours from
SMpping Intelligence.
The open-air vaudeville performance is
a leading feature. Each performer is an
artist and furnishes first-class entertain
ment to the many who come to listen. On
the programme are: Joe Sullivan, in com
edy effusions: Nellie Bruce, in specialties;
Behan, an entertainer; the Leos, dancers,
and Behan-Mascotte and Be.han, in sing-
Ing and dancing specialties. The side
shows were well patronized and are worth
more than the price of admission. It is
the intention of the management to im
prove the place continually and to make
it on« of the finest resorts of its kind in
the world.
Coney Island is the leading attraction
at the beach. Hundreds of people visited
the inclosure yesterday and the improve
ments made during the last week are
pronounced. Mile. Anetti made another
wonderful balloon ascension • and aero
drome drop and sustained her reputation
as a famous aeronaut. :
CONEY ISI*A2JT> STIXL
A GREAT ATTRACTION
Hundreds Visit the New Place of
Amusement at the
: " Beach.
of coon songs, are as popular as ever.
Their rendition of the coon song, "If Yer
Loves Yer Baby, Show Der Whites, of
Yer Eyes," wins them much applause.
The entire bill is a good one and the
Orpheum should have crowded houses the
entire week.
* • ' •
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglln will
present "Camille" at the Columbia Thea
ter during the week, beginning to-night.
The grand opera season at the Tlvoli
Opera-house opens to-night and continues
all week. The first production will be
"Aida."
• • e
"The Great Ruby" is the attraction at
the Central Theater this week, beginning
to-night.
Florence Roberts will appear in "The
Unwelcome Mrs. Hatch" at the Alcazar
Theater all this week, beginning to-night.
? • a
"Quo Vass Iss" and "The Big Little
Princess" are still on tha boards at
Fischer's Theater and will be continued
all week.
An entire new vaudeville bill has been
arranged for the week at the Chutes, be
ginning to-night.
Tyndall Interests "Audience.
Dr. J. Mclvor-Tyndall's lecture on
"How to Read Thought," drew a large
audience to Stelnway . Hall last night.
The famous student of psychic science ex
plained the principles of thought-trans
mission, giving it as his opinion that har
mony is the law of successful operation
along all lines. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall cited
the recent accounts of the "failure of the
Marconi system in reporting the yacht
races off Sandy Hook, the failure being
due to the inharmonious condition of the
atmosphere, caused by wranglfng and dis
sension of the rival companies reporting
the races. This, he said was what he had
prophesied from the first. lie gave it as
his own experience that thought-trans
mission resulted in either failure or dis
aster whenever the conditions were an
tagonistic or inharmonious. The lecture
was aptly Illustrated by experiments in
thought-transference. Dr. Mclvor-Tyn
dall announced that next Sunday evening
Dr. Albert J. Atkln would address the
audience on the subject of his recent dis
covery that it is not oxygen but electrici
ty that enters the blood through inhala
tion.
Scheel Concerts.
The greatest feature of the Scheel con
certs .which are now being successfully
presented at the Grand Opera House is
the Idea of presenting one or more nov
elties at each concert. The programme
for the third concert will contain two
compositions which so far have never
been heard here before. The first one
will be Max Schilling's prelude to the sec
ond act, of "Zugweide," and the second
will consist of Edward Grieg's dainty
characteristic bit, "Symphonic Dance No.
4." The other composers represented on
the programme are Goldmark, Mozart,
Schubert and Wagner; truly a splendid
array of master works. Scheel has never
lost any of his great influence here and
this has never been more forcibly dem
onstrated than now, when his concerts are
regularly attended by nearly two thous
and auditors. There are few symphony
leaders who could accomplish such a feat
in our otherwise critical community and
this alone is a strong indorsement of
Fritz Scheel as a master musician and
particularly a master conductor.
It is probable that to-day the rate of rein
surance on the Britten BhiD Aristldes will be
a<Svauc*d. She is out ninety-five days frotn
Caleta Buena for this port and .is now quoted
at 60 per cent. Nothing was heard yesterday
cf the other overdue*, \rhlch. are quoted as
follows: Milton Park.' 90 per 1 r.t; Helen
Brewer. 90 per cent; Arabia, 15 per cent;
6irius, 30 per cent.
Reinsurance Hates.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 3O.-An Im
perial rescript, dated August 28, is pub
lished, appointing Minister of Finance
Witte president of the Ministers.* The
rescript, at the same time, entrusts him
with the work of bringing to a speedy
and successful conclusion the negotia
tions for the Russo-Gennan commercial
treaty and with the continued supreme
direction of the Ministry of Finance, in
order that his close acquaintance with
the requirements of Russian commerce
and industry may be fully utilized.
" The Official Messenger announces the
appointment of M. Pleske. director of the
Imperial State Bank, as Minister of
Finance. Although the resignation of M.
Witte of the post of Minister of Finance
was expected ever since his last budget
statement, which had a valedictory' tone,
the secret was well kept. M. Witte went
to Peterhof after midnight and presented
to the Czar his resignation and his re
commendation of M. Pleske as his suc
cessor simultaneously, in order to fore
stall an intrigue in the interest of some
follower of M. Plehwe, Minister of the
Interior. M. Pleske has made a good
reputation as director of the Imperial
State Bank, but he never has exhibited
any initiative, remaining a loyal subor
dinate of M. Witte, and doubtless he will
try to carry on his policy. The position
of president of the Committee of Minis
ters is one of great honor, but M. WItte's
future influence is regarded as problem
atical and his promotion is considered a
triumph for the Plehwe interests.
Steamer. For.' I Bail*.
Senator Nome direct I Sept. 1
Kureka Nome direct |Sept. 1
ExcelMor Cooks Inlet & Way PUISept. i
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. l
Humboldt.;.. Ekagway & Way Ports(S«-pt. 1
Ohio Nome & St. Michael. ..(Sept. 2
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports|Sept. a
Al-KJ Hkagway & Way PorU|Sept. 6
Dtrigo Skagway & Way Ports|Sept. i
Bertha Ccoks Inlet &. Way J'tsiSeiit. V
Cottar* City.. Skagway & Way Port*. (Sept. 8
Oregon Nome direct ....: jSept. 12
City Topeka.. | Skagrsray & Way Porti!. Sept. 13
£ar.ta Ana--.J Cocks Inlet & Way.FUjSept. 16
There are more good laughs to the min
ute this week at' the Orpheum than at a
three-ring circus with all the clowns
working overtime. Sketches are numer
ous and the clever people who present
them are deserving of all the applause
that is showered on ttiem. One of the
features of the show Is "A Picture from
Life," portrayed by Lew Bloom and Jane
Cooper. Bloom comes out in a tramp
make-up that makes Nat Wills look like
an imported wedding suit. Bloom also
has a great monologue and some taking
songs, all of which are hugely enjoyed.-
Miss Cooper helps > out nicely and the
sketch goes through with a laugh. Oliver
Levine, May Levlne and Tudor Cameron
make things lively during their turn. Miss
Levine is a splendid dancer and contor
tionist. Lavigne does some tum
bling and Cameron creates merriment by
his ludicrous tumbles. Marguerite and
Hanley are really sensational acrobats.
Marguerite does what Is called "ground
work" and Hanley poises in the air and
is aided In his back somersaults by her
strong throws. Professor Schlelneger
plays the harmonica in excellent style.
He performs the most difficult arias on
the mcuth organ and his artistic perform
ance scored a big hit. The Fleury trio?
open the bill and present a lot of new
novelty dances. Sam Edwards and com
pany appear In "A Pass for Two" and
create a great deal of fun by their good
acting. T. Nelson Downs styles himself
"King of Coins." He is certainly en
titled to the high sounding title, as he is
a marvel at manipulating money. He
palms twenty-one coins at one time and
puzzles his audience by his cleverness.
Edwin Keough and Dorothy Ballard are
In their last week. Their sketch, "A
Vaudeville Surprise," shows their ver
satility. Larkins and Patterson, singers
There are two acts, both well staged,
with three scenes in each. In the first
act there are twelve musical numbers and
In the second there are ten. Every air is
sparkling and catchy and few have been
heard here before. The list of selections
are: "When I Was Born," "Little Sister
Kissie," "Teach Me How to Kiss." "From
Far Cohoes," "Wine, Women and Song,"
"La Belle Parisienne," "My Little Baby,"
Chinese Ballet and chorus," "Follow On,"
"We Will Stand and Die Together," "She
is the Belle of New YorK," finale, "When
We Are Married," "It Was the Dutch,"
the Ornamental Purity Brigade, "Mamie
Clancy," "Meet Me on the Beach," the
Shepherd Ballet, dancing specialty,
"Mameelle Bon Bush," finale.
on the stage afterward was the signal
for an outburst of applause. Miss Alice
Pollard and Miss Eva Moore played In
the role of Violet Grey, Salvation Army
lassie and the belle of New York. The
role was sustained to perfection and the
vocal parts were well received. Master
Teddy McXamara, a diminutive chap,
scarcely above the footlights, played
Blinky Bill McQuirk, a mixed ale pugil
ist, and Miss Merle Pollard, even smaller
than he, appeared as Mamie Clancy, a
Pell-street girl, and his sweetheart. Mas
ter W. Thomas did fine work as Karl
Pompernick, a polite lunatic, and hi3 dia
lect was perfect, and Fred Pollard, as a
sailor in the "Flag Song" was obliged to
reappear several times. Miss Connie Pol
lard, as Fin Fricot, a little Parisienne,
captivates the spectators and her dainty
manner and voice make her a pronounced
favorite. Miss Lillle Moore, as Harry
Bronson, a young spendthrift, has plenty
to do while the acts last and does herself
proud at every hand. The others in the
cast are May Martin, Midas Martin, May
Topping, Ruby Roberts, Merle Pollard,
Irene Finley, Irene Gouldlng, Daphne
Pollard, Oscar Heintz, Devlin Brown,
Lily Bull, Ivy Pollard, Nellie McNamara
and Laura Merton.
The little people held the boards at the
Grand Opera-house last evening. Pol
lard's Lilliputian Opera Company opened
with a production of the "Belle of New
York" and scored a splendid success. No
better array of midgets and tots ever ap
peared on the stage in this city and few
audiences have ever witnessed finer work
or applauded more heartily.
When the curtain went- up on the first
act the house was packed. Each seat in
t*e large auditorium was occupied and
the boxes were all taken. Standing room
was at a premium and many were turned
away. The same condition | is likely to
prevail for the rest of the week, as the
excellence of the enow will surely be her
alded and crowds will undoubtedly re
spond to the call. The singing was good.
The choruses were sound and clear and
the solos gave' the highest satisfaction.
Every child was an artist. "When it came
•to acting they were up to the mark and
in the vocal allotments they surpassed
many of their seniors in Morton and Ker
ker's musical comedy.
Master Jack Pollard, as Ichabod Bron
son, president of the Young Men's Res
cue League and Anti-Cigarette Society
of Cohoes, is certainly a wonder. He cap
tured the audience with his opening song,
"From Far Cohoes," and his appearance
Miss Lillian Kemble gave an excellent
interpretation of Mrs. Dane. Her sim
ulations were capital and her deceiving
powers were strong, enough to gain the
sympathy of the audience as they were
sufficiently human to hoodwink Justice
Sir Daniel Carteret, of course, until such
time as he let loose his legal experi
ence in forcing the truth.
"Mrs. Dane's Defense" is splendidly
mounted. It Is one of the strong at
tractions of the week.
From first until last he was equitable,
and his arraignment of the false, his
condemnation of the hypocrite and the
sycophant when pouring out truths from
his vial of philosophy to the lovable
Lady Eastney, deligntfully played by
Miss Adora Andrews, was intensely
powerful.
tor of rare attainment.
Triumph was marked all over "Mrs.
Dane's Defense" last night at the -Cali
fornia Theater. There was no mistaking
the entire approval of the hlg assemblage
and there was no questioning the deep
impression made by Henry Arthur Jones'
exquisite four-act masterpiece.
Probably of all the gems written by the
prolific playwright none has ever shown
more brilliant handling, more reflned set
ting or liner sparkle than "Mrs. Dane's
Defense," and It 1m a matter of congrat
ulation that the Nelll-Morosco Company
Is of such all round excellence as to be
able to Interpret a play calling for the
highest, the most sensitive and cultured
dramatic and comedy treatment.
Of course, the rest of the week, In
which it will be played, will draw to the
California big audiences, for the simple
reason that r.o one regarding an absolute
ly line play and respecting the best of
acting could afford to miss the oppor
tunity given by "Mrs. Dane's Defense" to
enjoy an evening thoroughly.
To Frank MacVicars, Sir Daniel Car
teret, much of the triumph of the even
ing was due. His acting, his portrait
ure of the kindly Justice, became so con
vincing, so sympathetic, so masterly,
that he amazed even those . who have
before acknowledged him to be an ac-
ORANGE, N". J., Aufir. 80.-A ead ro
mance Is brought to light by ' the ap
proaching 94th birthday of Miss Mary
Ann Terhune, who lives with her niece,
lira. Harvey Green, at 25 Ward afreet
Miss Terhune has never been married be
cause of a vow she took when she was
20 years old. She is a daughter of the
late Garrett Terhune of New Brunswick.
She was engaged to be married to a
young physician of that place. The day
had been set, the bridal trousseau pre
pared and Invitations Issued for the wed
ding- when the physician was stricken
with an illness which soon caused his
death. Miss Terhune then declared that
she would never marry. The aged wo
man has outlived nearly all of her Im
mediate relatives and now, although her
age has made her feeble, It Is her proud
boast that In all her life she has never
required medical attendance. She posed
for her picture the other day, for the first
time since she was a young girl.
Entrusts Him With Russo-
German Treaty Ne
gotiations.
Biggest Bargo in the "World.
The tug DeS&n^e 1* expected to arrive this
rr.omlr.g from Coos Bar with tM barge Yan
kee. «aid to fce the largest oenter-dumo barge
Jn the world. The Yankee lraa built for Ru
dolph Annul, the contractor, and will be used
in connection with hie Government contract
for the d<»oi*£ir_g of the channel to the Mare
I5land r.avy-yarJ. The Large i3 TW feet long.
50 feet wide and 10 feet deep. It has a car
rying capacity of 1K30 tons, and coet $20,000.
A sister barse In being built at Coos Bay and
will be ready to eo into commission in about
three w^eks. The Tanke* Is to be u»ed on
the channel b»t««»n Point Pinole and Lone
Tree Point.
The Jiarriet G brought 1U.500 codfish and
120,030 came down by the Emma Claudina.
The crews of the ccx! fishing boats are
paid according to the catrh. Of the Har
riet G"s coxnpnjjy three of those that left
here on her wi'I not participate In th«
division cf the prooeeds because tbey*de
eerted at Nakatlan. The deserters were
Charles Herman. W. Clark aad D. Sul
livan, all of this city.
The schooner Pearl and the barkentlne
Fremont are the only codflshers still out.
and they are due at any time.
The brie Harriet G and the schooner
Emma Claudina, whidi arrived Satur
day nlsht from the Berlr.s; Sea. both fared
well on th<« flsfcln* ground* and caxno
to port with their holds pidced to tho
hatches xrtth fat. shl::ln_j codftsh. Most
of the codSsh^rs have rea.p«d ricli harvets
this season and the catch, so far. Indi
cates a good total for the summer's work
of the fleet.
'Ihree San Franciscans De
sert at the Port of
Nakatlan.
Loses Her Sweetheart in Girl
hood but Still Honors
His Memory.
Grand Opera House and the
Orpheum Present
Good Bills.
Confers New Honors
n Upon Distinguished
Statesman.
New Jersey Woman of
94 Abides by Vow
Made in 1829.
"Mrs. Dane's Defense" Is
Approved by Large '
Audience.
Brig Harriet G. and the
Emma Claudina Have
Big Cargoes.
BRING CODFISH
FROM THE NORTH
POWERFUL PLAY
AT CALIFORNIA
CZAR PROMOTES
MINISTER WITTE
TRUE TO LOVER
OF YEARS AGO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1903.
5
TlV/hl I OPERA
• I I VULI HOUSE
I ...TONIGHT...
I OPENING OP THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Verdi's exeat opera,
f "AIDA."
Will b* produced and also on Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday evenings.
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday evenings,
Saturday matinee, Donizetti's favorlt* work.
"LUCIA Dl LAMMERMOOR."
Seat! on sale seven days In advance.
No Increases In prices — 2Cc, 50c, 75c.
- - Telephone Bush 9.
RELIANT VAUDEVILLE!
Bloom, and Cooper; T. Nelson Downs;
Xa Vine-Cameron Trio; Marguerite
and Hanley; George Schlndler;
Keough and Bollard; Sam Edwards
and Company; The Fleury Trio
and Larkins and Patterson.
Reserved Seats, 25o; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
ftfll i IMS! A m FRANCISCO'S
yU LUMJBI A LEADING THEME
...BEGISfNTNG TO-NIGHT...
S NIGHTS — 2 MATINEES,
HENRY MILLER
I AND
MARGARET ANGLIN
In an Entirely New Version of
CAMILLE
MATIHEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
IfAblFORNTjTI
Every Night This Week, S"^
NEILL-MOBOSGO COMPANY.
rrc Presenting the Great Play, rr
30 "Mrs. Dane's Defense." ]c 0
Biggest Hit Of All
I Special— Thurs. & Sat Mats.,
I EAST LYNNE.
|_ni"| Next— NOTRE DAME. F"
llHEATFiyl
Belasco &. Mayer. Proprietors.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone 8outh 5o3.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Aujrustln Daly's
Spectacular Drama,
"THE GREAT. RUBY"
Never Surpassed/ for Scenic Splendors.
Unrivaled for Intense. Sustained Interest.
SEE— The Thrilling Escape in a Balloon;
the Battle In Mid-Air; the Military Tourna-
ment.
PDirCC Evenings, 10c to BOc. •'.,
mivCj Matinees, 10c, 15c, 25c.
Week of September 7,
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?
A T f*\ A rT _| Ti Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR E
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Annual engagement of
FLORENCE
ROBERTS
And first local production of
THE UNWELCOME
MRS. HATCH
Eve., 25c to 73c; Matinees, 15c to 50c.
SEPT. 10— First Thursday Matinee of D'AN-
NUNZIO'S "LA GIOCONDA."
When Higher Prices Will Prevail.
THE LAST WEEK. ARE YOU ON?
"QUO VASS ISS" and
"THE BIO LITTLE PRINCESS."
And next Monday comes another great
Double Bill,
"THE CON— QUERORS" and
"THE GLAD HAND."
• Seats Now on Sale.
Our "All Star" Cast, Including:
KOLB and DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER,
ELEANOR JENKINS,
ETC., ETC., ETC.
RESERVED %EATS— Nights, 25c. 5Oc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
50c. Children at Matlncea, 10c and 25c.
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, B2.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Auspices S. F. Symphony Society.
Concerts Every TUESDAY at 3:15 p. m.
Until October 6.
All Tickets Good for the Tuesdays of tha
Week They Are Dated.
Prices of Seats— 50c, $1 00, $1 25, $1 50.
Seats on sale at Sherman & Clay's. .
TWO POPULAR CONCERTS
FRITZ SCHEEL a\d S. F. SYMPHONY
ORCHESTRA.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
Labor Day, September 7, 8 p. rn. ; Admission
Day, Sept. 0. 3 p. m.
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR MUSIC.
Seats on Sale at Sherman & Clay's. Prices
25c, 50c, 75c.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
L7BI0 HALL, Eddy St., Above Mason. I
~ EVERYMAN
THE XV CENTURY MORALITY PLAY.
Ev'gs — Commencing Next Wed., Sept. 2 at
8:30. Afternoons — Thursday and Satur-
day at 3. First Night Under the
Auspices of CHANNING AUXILIARY.
Reserved Seats ; . .$2. $1 50 and 91
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, now on sale. s
DIRECTORY ;
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. "
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed ¦
on Application.
rKESH JLJT.0 SAiT MEATS. J
IAS RAYP< R TO Shipping Butchers. 104 5
JA>. DUIC3 tt WV. day. Tel. Main 1294. ¦
~~ OXL9. |]A ¦
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS. '
. 418. Front st. 8. F. Phone Main 1719. -
EC. HUGHES, m'^SSSPSt'dw. <
GRAND SS^i
MATS. SATXTBSAT A2TD 8T7HDAT.
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED.
TSZa W2LDJC ONIiT.
' POLLABD LILLIPUTIAH CO.
-, In Morton and Kerker's Xew York and London
Comedy Success,
¦;T1 BELLE OF MW YORK
PKICE8 — ErtTilnirs, 15c. 25c, 50c, 78c
Matinees, 15c, 25c, 50c.
Beglnnlnir Next Sunday.
- The Pollarda In "A GAIETY GIRU"
1 1 Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
i; AND EVENING IN THE • THEATER.
e Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
j SEE THE CHINESE BABY
S IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
0 —VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
a AMATEUR NIGHT THTJRSDAT.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 6c
3 I — ! — "— — .
Palace d ont fail to
raidtc 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
fttifl room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
C -~ ~ 4 PALM ROOM, the
tinHIQ LOUIS XV PAR-
\A1 U11U LOR^ and the LA
H^i/>1r. DIES ' WRITING
I Hotels 1 room.
BAHWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited..,
to CHICAGO
Wf W& n ea^ Train
l^^^pj^j For Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Local Ov'rrd
JDally Dally Dally Dally
——_——-...——— , ________ __»_ .»
Lv. Pan Fran 7:30a 9:30a 4:0Op 8:00p
Ar Stockton..... 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:1.1 p
"Merced 1:05 p 1:55 p 1:29 a
"Fresno 2:40p 3:20p 3:15a
"Hanford 4:58p 4:07p 7:50a
"VUalla 4:55 p 4:48 p 5:00a
"Bakersfleld ... 7:15 p 6:00 p 7:35 a
"Kansas City 2:35a 7:00a!
"Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p j
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfield Local, stop-
ping: at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday Is th«
CALIFORNIA LIMITED, carrylnff Pal-
ace Sleeping; Cars and Dinlnsr Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld -for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
0:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Coaaposlts
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11 :10 a m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally Is' the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Bleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Frean«. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street apd In FerTy De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
T_,ESSII3E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburoa Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN rEANCISCO TO SA2T BAPAXL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
P. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 n, m.
SUNDAY8— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. rn.
SAN BAFASL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 8:05, 6:50, 7:35. 7:60. 8:2V,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, *2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p. rn.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.! May 3. 1803. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days, f Day.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 9:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7 :30 a 7 :30 a 10:30 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
J . Windsor,
7:30 a 7 80 a| Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 pi Oeyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
I Clpverdale. ~
7:S0a| 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 al 10: 20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllta. I7:25p|7:25p
8:00 al 8:0O al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a I
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Ouernevllle. f 7:25 p| 6:20 p ¦
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. ¦ | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30a| ' 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastcpol. | 7:25 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; at Gey-
serville'for Ekaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; st
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprlngi,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartiett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy ?
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel 1
Dell Lake. Witter Spring* Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's Riverside. LJerly*s. »
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe, Orr"i
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp + ,
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. I
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg, "
Weetport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris, ON B
en's, Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia v
and Eureka. • - r
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced . rates. -
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all pointa 1
beyond San Rafael at half rates. 1
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic's
building. . » ?•
H. a WHITING, R. X. RTAN. tt
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY \
_ T £ 8 * u - it » '«»7 Arrr»« ==: "
Sa- Pratt. HmttUrtttK s mm y ran . 1
Week Sun- gaa^ San- j Week'
»?:45a MiOOa P£S$U$£ if.Oiit* &TZZ
l:45r »:OOa VHB-SJBaBf l*:5Or3:*Op T
»>15rlO:OOA WKtSfS9y S:SOp S:SOf f
....- 11:3Oa -ias» «i
... '.., J 8:35 pj StOOr ,, &<
fctofr-i sa>7, inn fcwiT »i80y,srrr-lf. lliSOy
MM 1 63S Mauuct St. (North Shora Railro-4
OIIVSB ) and Savsauto Pkut, F«ot Matte* 8c
: AUCTION SALES
1 £~ SPECIAL AUCTION SALE.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 2. at 11 a. m— On ac-
count of 111 health I will nell, by order of M.
MATHEW8. 4 good horses. 1 square front
back. 1 3-aprlng wagon. 2 jets of hack har-
ness, 2 sets of buggy harness, also 1 rock or
sand wagon and 2 big horses and heavy har-
1 n«ss. Also 40 head of all-purpose horses and
mares. Everything sold must be aa repre-
sented or money returned.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
L fe &* i*a
AUCTION SALE, TUESDAY. Sept. 1. II
a. m., at 1140 Folsom st., of wagons, camping
outfits, carts, rubber-tire buggies and surreys,
and also 40 sets of single and double harness
„ and 25 head of all-purpose horses.
BAJjgWAY TBAVEL.
\ SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave anil are due to arrive at
»A.\ FKA.NCISCO.
(Mala Line. Toot of Market Street )
titTi — F«om Acacn 13. 1903. — aekivs
JjQQa BenlcU, Sultan, hlmlra sad S*cr*- '
mento 7.25r
7-00* Taearllle, Tlaters, Ramter 7.25?
tf 7.30* Uartlnrx. Saa P.smon. Vallejo,
Napa. CalUtoga, Santa Kosa 6 25r
7-30* Nile*, lirermore. Luthrop. Stock-
ton 7.25*
S.OOa D»vls.Woodl»ad. KnUata Landing.
AJarTSTlD*. OroTllle. (connects
st MarytTllle for Uridley, Biggs
tid Chlco) 7.55p
100* Atlantic Ex prett— Ogden and Ea»». 10.25*
f 1.00* Port Costa, Martinez. Antloch. B/-
ron,Tracy,Stockton.Sacntmento.
Loa Banos. Mendota, HaQtord.
VlaalU. Porterrllle "»4.25p
8.00a Port Costa, Martinez. Tracy. I.nth-
3 rop, Modeito. Merced. Frexno,
Oosben .Junction. Hanford. VI-
•alla, Bskersneld 6.25?
8.30a Shaiu ExpreM— DaTit. Wir.lanit
(for Bartiett Springs). Willows.
tFrato. Ked Bluff. Portland 7.S5i"
8-30* NUes. Sao Jose. LlTcnnore. Stoek-
ton.Ione.SacrameDto.PlacerrlUe,
Maryivllle. Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25*
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown, So-
nora, Tnolnmne and Angels 4 25p
9 00a MarUnex and Wsy Stations SSSp
1000a Vallejo_ 12.25*
10.00a. Kt Paso Passenger. Eaatbound.—
Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Kajmontl. Frrsno, Han-
ford. VUalla, Bakrrsaeld. Los
Angelet and El Puso. (Wrst-
bouml arrives via Cout Line). .. el .32r
10 CO* Tile Overland Limited — Ogden,
1 Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 8.29*
12.00a Hayward. Kites and Way Sutiona. 3-25*
11.00* Sacramento Itl»er Steamers tii.00*
330r Bentcta. Wiasers. Sacramento.
¦Woodland, YnUasM. Colu.«a.Wll-
lowt. KaUiits Lanillng. Marya-
vflle. OroTlile an J way stations.. 10.554
3-JOr- HaTward.N'llei sod Way Station*.. 755*
4 COr Marttaez.San lUmon. ValleJo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santa Uosa 925*
4-00* Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop.SCockton. 10.25a
4 00* Nlles. LlTermore. Si.u-kton. Lodl.. 4.25*
4-30* Uayward. NUrs. Irvington. Saa 1 t8.65*
Jote. Llvermore f t1 1.55*
fi-OOr The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Uakersfleld, Los Angeles 8-55*
6 COr Port Coita, Tracy, Stockton, Los
Banos 12.28*
tS-30* Hayward, Ntles and San Josa 7 25*
S.OOr Bayward. Nllea and San Jose 10.25a
?7.8£ }™ ti0 7 - 55 *
6.00* Oriental Mull— Sacramento, O?dea,
Denver. Omana. St. Louis. Cbl-
cago and East. (Carrie* first-class
passengers only out of Ban Fran-
etseo. Tonrlst car and eoacn
I passengers for points beyond
Bacramento take T.Our. m. train
to Keno, eontlnaleg thence la
their can Ir.x. train eastward.. 4-25*
7X0* Port Costa, Benicla, 8aisan, I avl«,
Sacramento, Trackee, Iieno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7.65a
74)0* San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations. 11.25a
8.05* Oregon it California Express — Sac-
' ramento, Marysvllle, Redding,
' Portland, Puget Sonnd and East. 8-53 a
19.1 Or Bsywsrd, Nile* aad 6»n Jose (Sun-
' «-.- dayonly) :11.S5a
• 11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
> £esto. Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
. semlte). Fresno. Hanford. VI-
» salla. Baltersnfld 12-25*
COAST LINE (Sarrcw ««Bge).
• ; t (Foot of Market Street.) £
' : 1745a banta Crus Excursion 'Sunday
; 'v« 0Bl y> ta.io»
8.15a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
Felton. Houluer Creek. Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 6.25*
12-15* Newark, CenterTllle. San Jose,
New Almaden, Lo« Ontox. Felton.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10-Sla
4-16* Newark. Saa Jose, Loa Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only fmm Santa
Cruz). Connects at Feltoa to
and from Ikm!<W Cr+tk t8.55a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From bAN >*HAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip*)
— 17:15 »:0O HiCOaJI. 1X0 3 00 5.15*.*.
From OAKLAND, Fool of Broadway — r«:OU ft:*l
T8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broart Uange).
Of* (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6-10 a San Jose and Way stations 630*
17-COa San Jose and Way Stations 5 3£>
17.15a Monterey and Santa Crox Ezcor-
slon (Sunday only) tS.SOr
f 9-00 a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.) /4.1a*
B.SOa Coast Line Limited— Stopsonly San
- Jose, Gliroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. CastruYllle, Sor
Haas. San Ardo. Paso RoMes.
SantsMargaiita. San Lais Oblspo,
Oaadalnpr, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saugua
and Loa Angeles. Connection st
Castrorllle to and from Monterey
•ndPaclflc Grove 10-413
8 CD* San Jose. Trrs Pinos, Capltola,
SantaCraz.PaclSc Grore.Saltna<i,
San Lnls Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Statics* 4.10*
10.30* San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11.00* Cemetery Passenerer — Soatb Son
Francisco, Son Bruno 1.C5*
11.30a Saata Clara, San Jose, Los Gttoi
. ._ and Way SUtlona 7.30*
«U0* San Jose and W»y Stations X70C*
2.00* San Jose and Way Stations 59 40a
2.30* Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco, San Bruno 4.35*
fJOOr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
Saa Jo«e, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connecta st Santa
Clara for Ranta Cruz. IionUer
_ il_ Creek and Narrow Gange Points) M2-15*
3.3C* P»clHc Grove and Way Stations—
• Marltngame.San Mateo,Redwoo<l,
I Venlo Park. Palo Alto. May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Sanra
Clara. San Jose, (GCrcy. Hotlls-
ter, Tres Pinos). Pajaro. Watson- >
rille. Capltola. 8anta Cruz, Cas-
troville, Salinas 10.45a
4. 30* San Jose snd Way Buttons 8.38*
15-00* San Jose, (via, Santa Clara) Loa
Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations rH.OO*
15.30* Ean Jose and Principal Way Stations 1 8.00 a
tk.i&r SanMateo,Beresford,Belmont.San
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19-457
8.30* San Jose and Way Sutiona. 635*
7- COr Bnnict Limited, Eastbound.— San
Lnls Oblspo, Sanu Barbara, Lot
Angeles, Demlng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
arrives via Sun JoaqnlnValley)... w8.2Sa
. f.00* Palo Alto and Way Stations 1015a
II 30* Son th Ban Francisco. M tutors*. "
Barllnjrame, San Mateo, Brl-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, i»o jo .
ralr Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo ¦ 12'ft
Alto. May field. Mounuin View. W-4S*
Snnnyvale. Lawrence, Banu
Clara and 8an Jose J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. ? Sunday oaly.
I Stops at all stations on Snnday.
t Sunday exeep^d. a Saturday only.
« Vis Coast Line. v Via San Joaquin Valley.
«" ArrlTe via Nlles. f Tuesday and Friday.
Kb?" Only trains stopping at Valencia St-soarhbonn*
are«:10 a.m.. rT:C0*.ji..U:C'O a.m.. 2:30 r.x. and t-.HOr.M.
HTO SAN RAFAEL.
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS — iiiolldays except»d) — 6:i3,
f7Y«. 8^45. 9:45. 11 *- m.. 12:20. «1:45. 3:15.
7 :45 a. ra. train week days does not run to
M SUNDA e T8 AND LEGAL HOLIt>AYS-7.
?« t«9 VIC 11. t«:30 a. m.. f!2:3O fU:aO.
JV •3:50. 5. 6. t:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qaentln. Thosa.
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. traia
TO SAN FRANCISCO
-Week days-a:25. J8:23. 7:40. 8:15, #;$£
Tula I m.: ; 12:30. 2:20. »:43. 4:50. 5:30. 6:4^
10 StJVDA?S— «:15. 7:35. t3:10. 9:40. U0:S\
J1W5 a m.. 12:50. 2:30. »:23. 4:40, »:!£
«¦» 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Tralna marked (J) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TOYSAN FRA.V.
CISCO— Week days— 5:45, 8:40. 7:43, 8::i5
»:«. U:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:15. 5:10. *£'.
lO si*ND AYS— 6:35. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. re.. 12:03.
1 OS 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 8:08. 7:-O, 10:40 p. «. *
*•"»..<¦ • xuroUGH TRAINS."
7:45 a. ra.. we*k days — Cazadero a a( j Way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tumales and way sUtions.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Caxadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Ca*a.
dero and way stations.
Sundays andXegal Holidays — 10a. nx, Poiat
Bcyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— *£tf Market »•
FEJKRT — Foot of Market at-
ADy^BTISETVrENTS. ,
BREWSTER'i"
MILLIONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL BOOK STORES
BUY IT TO-DAY
BBnBsssVssSBSDEHMBBEBBBHBSBBBBSSSjsBJBBI
a ONE ¦ 1 ¦""* ¦¦¦¦ £*+ '
BATTLE CURES
McBURNEY'S
KIDNEY^ ?bS E DDEI1
For Bright's disease, brick dua*
aeposit, oed-wetting, gravel, dropsy, diabetef
and rheumatism. Bend 25 cents In 2c. stamps U
W. F. McBurney, 418 8. Spring St., Los Angeles
Cal., for 5 days treat m't. Prepaid I1.C0. DruggisU.
SjtfSmi&fi MENANDWOMEIV.
<VMNrTJDKE^Bfii Use Big G for unnatural
flWii 1 to i dt'iAH diBch»rg*»,infl»nim»tlont,
ESSS Oauuteei B irritations or ulcerationt
S.*&M d«i t« atrloton. of mucom niembranct.
sr^*^ rrnmli Conim«U». • Painleu, and not aitrin*
BTSVHE EVAHS CHEMICAlCO. gent or poUonoui.
l&SJk CiHCINNATI.O.nn ¦•Id br DrmnUtM,
c.B. A. JbF or itot in plain wrapptr,
.^W by ezpreii, prepaid, for
VSQmKSI tl .00. or 3 bottloi S2.78.
¦• ¦ Circular ttct on r*«atit.Permanent salvage , corps to render
aid in cases. of accident, are; about to be
organized by the Swiss Alpine clubs. •
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Foxy Grandpa, Frank
Collins, Bandillo. .
Second race — Mallory, Dr. Cart
ledge, Tickful.
Third race— Er. Hart, Morris Vol
mer, Neversuch.
Fourth race — Imboden, Bride,
Major Carpenter.
Fifth race— Hindi, Belvino, Deco
ration. rv:i ; ii-
Sixth race — TJna Price, Sweet
Dream, Orleans.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Fourth race, six furlongs, celling, Delmar
Juvenile sweepstakes — Bride 90. Imboden 115,
Major Carpenter 100. (Bride and Major Car
penter, A. H. Pendleton &. Co.'s entry.)
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, purse-
Decoration 95; Golden Glitter 100, Hindi 00
Kentucky Cardinal 95. Belvino 100.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Solo II 100
Leila Barr 100, Legation 110, Maple 103. Or
leans 108, Sweet Dream 103. The Stewardess
106, Called Back 05, Vana 101), False 103. Ten
ny Belle 100. Una Price 100. Theory 101.
Weather cloudy; track good.
Second race, seven furlongs', purse — Tickful
107, Mallory 110, Revenge Dare 110, Dr. Cart
ledge 95, Worthlngton 112. . .
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles,
selllns, purse — Whttmore 95, Lou Clleveden
107, Menace 105. Neversuch 91, Counter Ten
or 103. Morris Volmer 103, Eugenia S 93. Dr.
Hart 104.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 30.— Delmar entries
First race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Kaster Walters 105, Port Warden 108. Palmer
105, King's Charm 108. Bandillo 108, Sweet
Note 108, Bustler 105, Frank Collins 105, Rye
vale 105, Bertha Van 106, Foxy Grandpa 108,
Harbor 108.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Third raoe, one and an eighth miles. Oak
Park handicap — Judge Himes 120, Bondage
110. Rankin 104, Orsina 108, Postmister
¦Wright 108.- Floyd K 09; Serge 98, By Ways
87, lerd Melbourne 87, The Don 91, Fading
Second race, five-eighths of a mile Ealto
103, Blumenthal 103, Foresight 103, Copper-
Held 103. The Hebrew 103. Commodore 103
Martlus 103, Alllsta 110, 8ui«le Christian 100
Liberty Bell 100. Eva Clalr 100. Away Right
100. Voll* 100. Katie Power* 100. Grangeman
CHICAGO. Aug. 30. — Harlem entries:
• First race, six furlong* — Evening Star 104,
Mayor Johnson 99, Murepca 100, Mocorito D8
Walkenshaw 97. Zyra 97, Censor 97. Goody
Two Shoes 95, Safecuard 94, Silver Fizz 92
Albemarle 92. Merry Flight 90, Pea Ridge 67*
Jackful 85. Little Mission DO. "
HARLEM ENTRIES.
menia.
Sixth race — Conundrum, Birch
Bioom, The Rhymer.
First race^ — Runnels, Leonora Lor
ing, Ocean Tide.
Second race— Major Daingerfleld,
Duke of Kendal, Douro.
Third race — Paget's entry, Tippe
canoe, Eomombo. / '.>>*
Fourth race — Shot Gun, Tarn
0 Shanter, Eeliable.
Fifth race— Lida Lieb, Palette, Ar-
By New York Morning Telegraph
Weather clear; track hea\\v.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY • SELECTIONS.
First race, six furlongs, on mam track, all
agea — Gay Boy 123. Sir Voorhles 111, Cas*vllle
125, Ocean Tide 102, King Pepper 122. Runnels
120. Olj-mplan 120, Leonora Loring 116. Wealth
115. Canajoharie 111. Irene Lindsey 115. Slldell
120, San Remo 85, Worry 120.
Second race, one and an eighth miles, han
dicap — Douro 126, Major Daingerfield 120,
Hunter Raine 117. Duke of Kendall 112, Him
self 100, Lord Badge 100. Satire 100.
Third race, five furlongs of Futurity course,
autumn maiden — Orthodox 115, Midshipman
115, Memories 116, Redman 115, Komornbo 112,
Responsive 112, October Flower 112, Raider
115, Marmee 112, Ormonde's Right 119, Juve
nal Maxim 115, Anirad 116, Monsoon 112,
Hortensla 112, Tlppecanoe 11U.
Fourth race, six furlongs, on main track.
Flying handicap — River Pirate 115. High Chan
-c^llor 115. Ingold 107. Ada Nay 115. Parlsienne
107, Shotgun 114, Tarn «O'Shanter 106. Wild
Thyme 102. Adlos 100, Reliable 120, Girdle 108.
Fifth race, five furlongs of Futurity course,
two-year-old fillies — Ishlana 124, Thistle
Heather 114, Palette 114, Ruby Hempntead
109, Marmalade 109, Outcome 109. Sonoma Belle
103, French Matron 109, Mimosa 114, Armenia
109. Llda Lelb 114, Lady Mirthful 109. Fine
Art 109, Inquisitive Girl 109, Gamestress 109.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, on
turf, selling— Birehbroom 104. Conundrum 108,
Flara 106, Florham Queen 10S. Carroll D 106,
Lord Turco 96, Nult Blanche 91, The Rhymer
110. Setauket 120, Daisy Green 100, Hacken
sack 96.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30. — Sheepshead Bay
entries:
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
A large number of trapshooters jour
neyed io . Pinole yesterday, where they
were the guests of the Home Gun Club
at the California Powder Works. The vis
itors were entertained at luncheon and
were provided with bluerocka without
charge. Two silver cups were offered, one
being won by G. Sylvester and the other
by Kred Feudner. Several events were
held under novel conditions. The com
plete scores follow:
Twenty-bird pool — Iverson 14. G. Sylvester
IB, P. Hanaen V. Franzen 15. Burns IS, Pl
eani 13. W. A. Searles 11, it. C. Baird 16,
P. Feudner 17. \V. J. Lldstone 11, R. Patrick
8, Juster 12, D. Daniels 15. J. 1 Benfl!ngham Jr.
9, C. C. Nauman 20, S. Fiah 14. Rooertson 17.
C. Sylvester 10, T. L. Lewis 11. H. Hoyt 18.
SV. Hansen 18, J. A. Hutton 17, R. M. Throde
12. R. L. Parker 17. Al Humphrey 14, F. J.
Stone 15, R. C. Reed 16, F. A. Hodaph 17,
Kincannon 15, J. C. F. Hall 13.
"Jack Rabbit" pool — 20 b'.rds; ten cents
back for every bird broken— J. A. Hutton 13,
F. J. Stone 16, R. C. Reed»17, F. A. Hodaph
16, M. J. Lldstone 13. U. C. Baird 15, S. Fish
15, Robertson 16.C. Sylvester i:i. - T. L. - Lewis
16. H. Hoyt 15. W. Hansen '¦14, F. Feudner
18. W. A. Searles 11, B. Patrick S,.D. Daniels
i>. J. C. F. Hall 12, R. L. Parker 17, C. A.
Haight 15. J. R.. Ross 12. C. C. NnumanlC.
J. Bermlngham Jr. 12. L. C. Kincannon 16.
L. Levell 16, J. Pisanl 15. J. Burns 1«, Frariren
18. Iverson 19. G. Sylvester. 18, Mimlach -19.
•Fifteen bird race, each contestant using some
gun other than- his own — D. Daniels 12 H
Hoyt 10. R. N. Thode S. Humphrey 9. J JRoss
11, R. C. Reed 14. C. C. Juster 7. -It. Parker
6, Jeffrey 11. L. Toomey 10 F. Joost 5 W
Christian 11, H. A. Grimm. 4 C. A. Haight
9, C. Sylvester ir>, Robertson 10, Hutton 10
S. Fish 9. Bermlngham Jr. 0 Levell 7 Nau
man 14. E. McDonald II," Hodaph 9, -\v' Han.
sen 6, T. L. Lewis 12, F. J. Stone 10. P. Han
sen 6. J. C. F. Hall: 12. B. Patrick 7. Wol-
Ian 7. M. J. Iverson 0, G. ¦ Sylvester > 1°
Pisani 9, F. Feudner 11. J. Burna 14 Stev
ens 7. . t -VV.V *
Ten-bird Jockoy shoot. sealed condition.
Every bird broken cost the shooter 10 cents;
every bird missed? 10 cents returned balance
divided between lowest I two guns — J Rosa 7
RrC. Reed 10. C. C. Juster 8 C. A. Haight
S. Robartson 7. Murdock 8. J. L. TV'ribd 3 E
McDonald 2, ¦ WoHam 5 J. Jeffrey 8 l'-C 1 "
Kincanncn «. T. . L. Lewis 6. M..J. Iverso'n »'.
Plsani I), Franzen 8, Daniels H. Hutton 8 G
Sylvester 0. Fiah 7. Hall 9. C. Sylvester 6,
J. Burns fi. Parker 7, Humphrey 7 Nauman fl
B. ¦ Patrick S, J. Ftudner 9 P. Hansen 5'
Hodaph 8. Garlola 1. Ludwig 4.
Fifty-bird cup race, handicap— D. Daniels
O8 yardc). 37; H. Hoyt flS>. .'55: J Ross (1S>.
15. •withdrew: R. C. Reed (IS), 42; C. C.
Juster (16) . 15 withdrew; C. A Haight (1S»
H9; Murdock (18). 40; Robertson (18) 40- Hut
ton (16). .38;, T. L. Lewis (18) . 32: L* Kin
cannon (1«). 42; Franzen (lti> 41; CSylves
ter (18). 30; M. J. Iverson (18). .19; Humphrey
(16). 30. Parker (10). 33; W. Hansen (1«) SS-
Fish (16), a.T; B., Patrick (16), 28; E. McDon
ald. (16).' 35; Pisanl (10). 20; L.. Leavell (16)
31; J.iBurn? (IS). 39; F. Jost (16) 22; Nau
man (20). 43; Bermingham Jr (1C) 32- G
Sylvester (18). 42; J. U Wood (16). 43; F J
Stone (16), 43; H. A. Grimm (16). 24: A Jef
frey. (18), 34; L. Toomey (16). 2S; W. Chris
tian (1(5). 3:1; P. Hansen (16). 18; F J. Brandt
(16), 27; M. J. Lldstone (16) • 24; J. Broder
(16). 31; Wollam (16), 10. withdrew; L C
Hart (lO. IK; H. Hoyscn (16), 21; F. Feu'dner
(18). 44; J Hall (16). 37.
Ten single birds. 5 palxs of doubles — Hutton
11." Bermlngham Jr. 13. Haight 15. Lewis 11,
Murdock - 14, Reed 15, Robertson - 16. Iverson
13, Daniels 13. G. Rylventer 18 Stone 17 F.
Feudner 18, W. Hansen 17, Burns 13, C. Syl
vester 15, ;
HOME GUN CLUB
PLAYS THE HOST
COEBETT Dr GREAT POEM.
Secures Three Two-B&g-gers Out of
Four Times at Bat.
LOS AJCGEL.ES. Aug. 20.— To-day'a
jjanie had many features. Hall's strong
arm held the visitors down to three scat
tered hits. The- team behind him pulled
off thrpe double plays and batted In their
l»est form. Seattle also got away with
two pretty double plays. Mohler had an
off day and his errors were costly. Joe
Corbett played second base as if he were
bora to the place and batted at a terrific
pace. Out of four- times at bat he se
cured three two-baggers. McDonald put
Byers out cf the game and ordered him
off the grounds in the eighth for talking
too much. Captain Dillon's team mates
presented him with a handsome silver
fruit set when he came to bat in the firs:
inning. Attendance 5000. Score:
Los Anireles— Seattle
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
U^ yrf V 3 3 1 3 OLumly.cf 4 0 0 10
f- helr.Sb 2 1 10 3 Mohlr.2b. 3 0 0 3 2
< arbft.Zb 4 0 3 3 3 Brashr.lb 4 O O 12 3
JMUon.lb 4 0 1 10 0'Emith.rf. 3 0 0 10
«>avth.cf 4 12 4 2;Zinsar.lf. 3 0 0 « 0
Uo«s.lf... 4 0 0 1 0'Andws,Sb3 0 2 0 2
Torr.an.s. 3 113 2Dolan,s..3 0 1 8-2
Kpies.c... 4 0 12 1 Byers, c. 3 0 0 3 1
Hall.t»... 4 0 0 0 1 Uushee.p 2 0 0 12
Totals..32 6 10*26 12 Totals. 2S ~0 ~3 24 1*»
•Zlnfsar out, hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Lrvs Angeles ...10 1 0 O 0-3 1 x r.
na->e hiU 112OO222 x— 10
Sc*tu« ooooonoo o— ©
Base hiU 010000200—3
SUMMART.
Stolen bases— Hay. Wheeler. Errors— Cor.
bett. Hall. Mohler <2>. Braahear (lT^rhree.
base hit— Tomaa. Two-ba*e hits— Aadrewi
Spies. Corbett <Z). Sacrifice hit* Wheeler
<2>. First baae on errors— Lew Angelet 3, Seat
tle 2. First baae on balls— OS Hall 3 off
Hushe* 2. Left on bases— Los Angele» 6 *6eat
tle 3. Struck out— By Hall, 2; by Hughejf 2
Hit by pitcher— Mohler. Bmlth. Double plays
— Corbett to Dillon; Cravath to Dillon* Cra
veih to Toman; Brasbear to Do! in; Andrews
to Brashear to Byere. Time of same One
kour anfl forty-five mlnutea. . Umi»lre_aicDon-
CM.
EXCITING 'INCIDENT IN THE
I^CRORSE 'MATCH -AND A
STAR PLATER.
•SACRAMENTO, Aug. 30. — Jacob
Gruhler-of the Sacramento Helvetia
Shooting Club won the championship
medal permanently. This was his fifth
victory. He .broke the world's record
at 200 yards German ; 25 . ring target .by
making 463 out of a possible 500. The
record was held by Dr. Rogers of San
Francisco. Mr. Gruhler used a 32-40
rifle and the shooting, was off-hand.
The teams lined up as follows:
Hurons. . Position. ! Tecumsehs.
-A. II. Jonea Goal..... W. H. Goesip
J. J. Brennan... Point ......Charles Carroll
F. Beardmore . . . Cover point ....... W. Deajjan
F. Burden Defense field. J. D. Williamson
E. M. Peterson Defense field. W. F. Schofleld
F. H.- Lynch... Defense field. .C. S. Renwlck
F. Mlnto -¦'. Center ". . .'. . . M. J. Lyons
J. F. Darrah... Home field A. S. Theberge
G. E. Williams.. Home field.. H.G. Beckwlth
J. E. Crtlly Home field M. J. Tansey
W. E. Judge... Outside home M. /Lyons
C. H. Minto Inside home.'. ;..... H. Coutts
.The field captains were W. Black-well
for Tecumsehs and Dr. McNaughton for
the Hurons; referee, R. R. l'Hommedleu;
time keeper, A. B. Jones; umpires, C. H.
McLauchlan and Joe Grtmt
New Shooting Record.
4— Huron F. Mlnto 3:30
B— Tecumseh Thebergre .8:37
-6— Huron ....Crilly .....3:55
7 — Teeumeeh Tansey ¦ 4:21
H— Huron .Williams ...4:33
9 — Huron ..Williams ;..4:38
JO— Tecumseh , Tansey ......4:42
11— Huron Wllliamf 14:48
12— Huron v. Crilly r. . .4:81
S HE Lacrosse gdmegiveh under the
.• .'; II { management" of: the California I.a- :
".-.¦' II ; ..'crosse Af-sociniion for.-,tho-.b'eneflt
.";:,' 4*. l> 3 of SamueU Sliedr.t.yester da y,:.drewr'
'r '¦ ?JUi . a • -J^?^'attjBndaficQ'.to^tlii?.; 'Paeliie!
.Kationar.'.IyC.aguo. baseball' grounds:;?;:; ThV
,gamV' 'was''i.betweeTi''the Hu'rons' and .' Tef
cumseh'p;/ r'^iilting in'd victory for^th'e
former club by a score of 7 to a.- ."., ' • 3 "
It was a bright, snappy game and ap
pealed strongly to all those interested in
outdoor sport*. Both sides were in ex
cellent condition and showed the effects
of the careful, conscientious training
they have been put through during the
past two weeks. The spectators were
quick to applaud and cheer all the smart
plays and showed full appreciation of the
way the game was put up.
The first game opened with a rush.
Lyons drew the ball, passing it to Thc
berge, who attacked Hurons' goal.
This was so well guarded he was unable
to score. After many exciting moments
the ball was returned to Tecumsehs'
goal and thrown into the net by Wil
liams. Following this came many fine i
combination plays and many e::uiting
runs up and down the field by the differ
ent players.
For the Hurons George Williams was
the Individual star. With his co-joperation
the Huron home, composed of Crilly,
Judge an<r Mlnto, worked out many valu
able combinations, which brought out
their large score.
Burden, Peterson and Lynch on. the de
fense were the star player:* and kept the
home supplied with the ball.
The Tecum3ehs' defense was the
strongest part of their team, the field and
home not playing up to their usual form.
Tansey was Injured in the second game,
which naturally handicapped his play
ing, although he pluckily continued and
won four of thejlve scores by his team.
Particular mention must be made of the
play of M. Lyons. Whenever a scuffle en
sued It was generallj* the auburn-haired
*oy who emerged with the ball. Points
were scored as follows, the game begin
ning at 2:58 p. m.:
Goal. Scored by Player. Time.
1— Huron .....William* 3:03
2— Tecumseh Tansey 3:12
.1— Tecumseh Coutts 3:20
The Spectators Quick
to
.; the Plays
Coast Champion Freeman arrived yes
terday from British Columbia. Freeman's
defeat at the hands of Powell was un
doubtedly due to a lack of training, as
he has several. times since beaten Powell
easily. The champion is troubled with
enlargement of the heart and stated that
he is afraid to let himself out. He will
be in good trim by the end of the week
and will defend both his championship
titles. Freeman is anxious to play in the
mixed doubles and will probably join
forces with one of the southern women
All of the players from the south will ar
rive to-day. ••-., >
Golden Gate Park courts — George Janes and
George Bates beat Clarence Griffln and Ed
Finnefran. 11-9; Flnnegan and J. F. Brady
beat Charles Teller and G. K. Bates. 6-4. 7-5;
H. ltusjell and Janes beat Griffln and J. M
Baker. 6-2. 6-4; Finnegan and C. Coleman beat
Bates and . Carpenter. 7-3; C. Foley and J. R.
Lewis beat Harry Routh and Charles Dunlap,
6-4. 3-6. 6-4. 6-3; E. W. Hall beat W. H Mur
phy. 6-4; M. Long tied Hall. 6-4. 7-0; 'Teller
and Baker tied L. C. Bozarth and Fred Sher
wood. 6-8 7-5: Griffln and Brady tied Janes
and Bates. 6-3 5-7; L. S. Howell and E.
Hall beat Murphy and PHnchard. 6-1. and M.
Edwards and L. Josephs. 6-4: T. Allen and E.
T.. Wheeler beat Lemon and PrJnchard 6-1.
6-3. -:-'-.
George Janes and George Bates played
an exciting set with Clarence Grlffln and
Ed Finnegan. The former won after 20
games had been played. The matches
played yesterday resulted as follows:
California Club courts — W B. Collier and
Percy Munlock beat R. X. Whitney and Nor
man Hodgkinson. 0-3, fi-1; Collier beat Mur
flock. «-4. 5-7: Collier and Murdock beat Whit,
ney and ilacGavln. 6-4; B. G. Wood b«at L.
C. Wood. 2-G, ti-2, 7-5; R. Drolla beat W.
niaisdell. 6-1. 6-3; James Code beat Herbert
Schmidt. 1-6. 6-4. 0-4; Dr Noble beat Dr.
Pearce. 6-4, 2-6. 8-6; II. Gabriel and M Ro
fcenberu tied W. Sprtn* and Kdwln Robblns.
4-«, 6-.'l; Robbins b*at Spring. 6-2; Drolla beat
Kajnes. 6-1. 6-2: G. Liss?r beat Resla «-2,
6-1 3-6, 6-0; Frank Mitchell beat Sidney Salis
bury. 6-4. 7-5.
The park courts presented a lively ap
pearance yesterday. The feature was the
match between Harry Routh and Charles
Dunlap and Clarence Foley and J. R.
L«wls. Although respectively second and
third-class men. the latter beat their
first-class opponents three sets" out of
four. •
The tennis crack* were out for the laat
hard practice yesterday tef ore the cham
pionship tournament which will com
mence to-day at San Pafael. On the Cali
fornia' Club courts MacG&vIn,
R.N. WWtney; W.T3, -.Collier and Percy
Murdock ;' played . some fast matches .in
b«>th singles and doubles..
In singles -MacGavin did better than he
has since his return from the north, lie
beatWhitney two sets. Collier and Mur
doch also played a singles and quit with
lionorB. even, .each ; winning -a set. Mur-/
dock. «s play-ins a strong game: and Is ex
pected, to ; reach the final In his' half. To
do'-Bo/'he./wiU 1 have; to beat Archie Way
pf the south and R.;N. .Whitney,! .;•. ¦¦¦
:';t redoubles Coliier'and Murdock formed
fdrce» o and played .well together." • In the
crie ; set', played- o with Whitney and 3tac-
Gavin .they won easily. They also won
two gets from Whitney and Hodgktnson.
Murdock and Collier will play together
in the doubles and will probably meet
MacGavin and Smith in the final.
First race— Muresoa, Censor, Zyra.
Second rac« — Commodore, Copper
field, Alliston.
Third race — Orsina, Judge Himes,
Rankin.
Fourth race — Jack Ratlin, Louis
ville, Bragg.
Fifth TfLCt — Orfeo, Golden Rule,
Skilful. r--±o
Sixth race — Brush By, Antolee, C.
B. Campbell. J
HABLEM SELECTIONS.
Bv th« Chicago Inter Ocean.
Light 90. ( Bondage and Kankin, Arthur en
try; By Ways and Floyd K, Hildreth entry.)
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Bragg 100, Jack Ratlin 10O, Callant 90, Ida V
88, Louisville S8.
Fifth race, six furlong* — Haraldo 109, Skil
ful 105, Golden Rule 100, Bardolph 105, Char
ley Thompson 103, Lady Kent 101, The Don
W, Dcmonland 96, Orfeo 96. Gypzene V9. Joe
Ross 78. Durbar 75, Father TalMnt 94, Ameri
cano 101.
Sixth race, mile and 100 yards— Pat Mor
rlssey 106, C. B. Campbell 106, Antolee 104,
Prince Blazes 101, Marlon Lynch 09, Lord
Melbourne 93, Wolfram 93. TJrush By 91.
Weather cloudy; track Flow.
Early: yesterday /"morning :. the yacht
F. ; E. E. of the' California .ciubarrlviwJ
and at '9 o'clock the first of the combined
fleet". was ¦ under canyaa> for -, the ."cruise;
The; -last -yacht left • moorings at.-Sausa
iltoat I0:50i. 'Many, of the yachtsmenfon
.the ¦¦: iem41Ier£'craft; ; did.°not^^J.carcT'for^the]
•saij! oixttlde;; [na? the; : heavy* swells «a'coun>;
tere4)are° so'iiiewhat :tfying5* y.v/v. v .-:" : °.^v : Z$
.-•'Some'of the-'small;-b'6ats" sailed to'.tho
Heads .'rind then 'returned to [ the' calmer
waters' of the bay.- °. .V
The F.-E. E.-was the only representa
tive of th<: California Club to star; from
Sausalito. but several others joined the
fleet in the channel.
The breeze was ideal for sailing and the
yachtsmen had an enjoyable time. The
yachts returned to Sausalito about o 5
o'clock. The Corinthian boats under can
vas were the Nixie. Speedwell, Edna, Aeo
lus and Truant. The Chispa, White Wings,
Challenger, Halcyon, Wave, Witch, Alice,
Royal, Annie and Nellie were among the
representatives of the San Francisco
Club.
Yachts from. the San Francisco, Corin
thian and California clubs bad^ a-com
bined crurse yesterday outside the. Heads.
There were nineteen ; boats in'-, the -' fleet.
The Corinthians, "with, seven ' boats, left
.Tiburon on Saturday- night;, sailing., to
Sausalito, where they dropped anchor tvr
tho night and were entertained "by the
San Francisco ciubnien'.'; ¦ • •¦' : . . — '
' '¦¦¦ Ttie'-'stake attractions at" Sh^epshfiad
Bay -this wct'k.are numerous and with
pleasant weather there prooably will be
some big crowds. The Autumn stakes,
Maidr-ns and Flying Handicaps are the
features to-morrow. Tuesday the Part
ridge stakes, to be run on turf, and the
Do,pnin stakes are on the card. The
great filly stakes for two-year-olds and
the Oceau handicap will be run on
Wednesday, while on Thursday the dash
stakes. Reapers stakes and Hempstead
cup steeplechase will be decided. The
turf handicap Is the chief event, to be
followed on Saturday with a magnificent
programme, including the classic $10,000
Flatbush stakes for two-year-olds run
over the full seven furlongs of the Futur
ity course, for which nearly all of the
best colts and fillies are eligible, and the
$20,000 Century stakes for three-year-olds
and upward at a mile and a half.
NEW YORK. Aug. SO.-The result of
the Futurity was the chitf topic dis
cussed «>y turfmen to-day, and among
them, there was a general regret. that the
big race could not have been run over, a
dry track in bright weather. Hamburg
Belle's performance in the' niud must not
be regarded as an ? special advantage for
Ler over the colts and fillies she de
feated, for she has been a phenomenal
sprinter on a dry track and has always
shown a preference for that, kind of go
ing. 'John E. Madden, in speaking; of the
race .'to-day, said: - . ' ..'•; :
It iiniy irm belie; that Hamburg Belie was
ih<» be.«t.ht>ree at the 'welKhts. She Is a grand
f.lly and one .of ; the: tanlpst. I ever.- saw.: vTiiV
way she tverif.to the- tront. after a' rather -»!6W
besinnlnK an<l then istofKl.l.the' drive'.': tron» : . tn«
!a*t .quarter^poteiwtajnpedi.heroita a';.high-oJa»m'
,raV"e :: .fcor? i «| l !'an<I -one ot the.-lifst J-^e'af-bliJs. of
the rear:>' ; ', h : :^... .." .'V<' :; -- •':','!¦ ::¦¦' ¦ '¦.'.
Burnish Their Play on
the Eve of the Tour
: nament.
Combined Fleet of Three
Clubs Goes butside
the Heads.
Express Regret That the
Weather Was Not
Finer.
PRACTICE GAMES
FOR TENNIS MEN
YACHTS CRUISE
ON THE DEEP
TURFMEN TALK
OF FUTURITY
Btolaa baaM— Shay, Meeny. E*ror»—Mur
flock (2). Mosklman, Gortoa, I>ynch, Francka
Measerly, Zearfosa, Graham. Three-base hit
O'Hara. Two-bae« hlta — Schwartz. Mosklman,
Shay, Meaay. Heir. Sacrtflce hit — Krug. Firat
base on errcr» — 6an Franclaco 4. First base on
eaU«d baUa— Off Graham 4, off Herr 4. Left
00 bases — Oakland 7, Baa Francisco 9. Struck
out— By Graham 2. by Heir 2. Hit by pitcher
— Irwln, Delznaa, O'Hara. Double plar — Shay
to Delmaa to Ix-ahy. Wild pitches — Graham
(7). Time of prime — Ore hour and fifty min
ute*. Vrnplr*— Weaver.
SUM3IARY.
Oakland— A San Francisco —
AB. R.^1. P.A. AB. R_ H. P.A.
P'Hara.cf 4 2 2 2 0 Shajr.e*.. 4 3 2 2 6
tVvncSb. fi 1 2 2 BMeany.rf. 6 2 3 2 0
Mskmn.lf 5 12 4 O.Irwin.Sb.. 3 0 0 11
S»Ttz.2b. 8 0 12 2|Leahy.lb 6 116 2
Murfilcrf 6 0 2 1 2 Zerfoes.c. 4 2 0 4 0
Frnck«.aa 8 0 0 12 Krujr.cf . 4 0 2 2 0
Mesrly.lb 4 0 0 » 0 Lynch.If . f. 0 0 .{ o
Gorton.c, 2 10 8 o;i>>lms.2b 3 1 1 3 (V
Graim.p. S12 0 OHerr.p... S 2 3 1 2
Tou.la.S3 « 11 24 11 Totale.SS 11 12 27 16
RUXe AM) HITS BT IXXIXGS.
Oakland 120000800— «
Ba« hits 2111103 1 1— u
San Fmnclaoo ..31022021 x — 11
Baae hlta 2 1023 12 1 x— 12
Oscar Graham came in for a little beat
ing during the morning cession at Oak
land. His curves were no good and the
home Elugprrs took many a long ride on
the southpaw's offering. Then he was
wild and this also added to the run col
umn of Uncle's team. The score:
Graham Gets b' Beating.
'# .•.•.;..•
-Itrctt — iHlmas «3». Shay. Franckc. Menser
ly. Mi;.-(toc>:. l^eahy Krvs. Two-base hits —
Ltiic'i, Ser.wa.rtx, Moskiman 7.<^trfott. Pacri-
Rr» hi.— Oovcie&ux. F'.m baw rn error*—
r : »ii Fr&nciscxi 2 Oakland -4.: First fca>* on
iCEllad btlii?— r>ff UzMlsey 3. oit.Csv&r 2.. I^ft
on ba^r* — t?an : .Franris/:(y S.-.r>aJc!ar.<j 7. Strarlt
out— Uy L.!ndi«ej- : :»"J; ¦.>jr.'Cpprcp;i. Oputlp playsi
— IVver< aux to ScnwartxjttfhSCeBacrlyJ; Frarn.ji»
t<-. Mewierly. T!rrw»-'of Jratii«Hf 1:»5.' i'Unipir«~»
Waver. Atter^auc^— Ri(/»». : :.;-J'.-.- ."vi;.'.. .. ; -;--. •.¦.."" •
ftT-'MMAHT.
Sac !>jtici»?'« — f OaWunfl—
AH. It H. P. A.i A«. R. H. P A.
rha;..-... "! o 2 ."< SOHara,tf 4 10 11
MeaajMf « o «« 3 j i»^-nt .*:>> 3 O n 2 4
.? -< ...i. 4 0 15 0Uriano.lf3 1 2 3 «»
Jlw1n.r.b 4 0 n 2 4 Rwrtr.2b 4 113 4
rf bT.lt 4 U 1 S « MuM!;.rf 3 0 13 0
Scarfouc 4 113 1 FrancK.«i 4 O 1 1 4
KriTtr.cf. 40141 BCexrtr.lb 4 O O 15 1
ilo'.ms.i"*! r. O z 1 Z Gortcn.o. 4 0 O S 0
i-i.;<!s:\p 3 0 «» O 4 Cooper.p 4 i» 0 1 1
*"<rr ...10000
Totals ri3 3 6 C7 15
Tt.iel* 2« 1 8 J7 16
•IJatted for IJaifeey in nJrth.
r.VSS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
O.ak:ar/: 1 O 2 O 0 0 o 0 <W-3
n&M hiui o o 3 o 0 1 1 0 o — n
C2.-. rr*r.c;«ej ...0 « 0 1 0 0 o O t^-i
Bare Kts 1 10 2 10 2 1 0—8
the ho: 1 sluggers "^ecr'ips e^t on !.y
an error - nd Kru^ :o:- aTi one of his
lusty yalloj «. L '¦ lmas was ai«o on time
a K«t one iw.rr thi> se-^ond bag Zenr
fof? scootod la )ia:i.'.ily. ¦ Th»- Ofrraa.1 wait
making for th plate wlih a full head of
team, but TcrRc • • *• ei> :.p the pace. As
r r*vs]f he w nallec; ' a block at th«
ubb*r. This hfld thv f.cme team for the
ff-t cf »he . -.pointer
C>opef pitcht _ *ooo li.ii' ard gr.t good
upper: M-hen h*. 1 . oded It. Two fast
to::bie :¦>]-. yn helped him out and saved a
r «n or rror<-. I.i'dsey was In fair form,
though lr"l!nc»d ta le unst«>adv a.t times.
Uc rr.ivat have -won *ith better backing.
Th* « >or<-:
The homt) tossers made ¦»u*jrelv too
many ralsoiays duf'r.g the imsl surrt- rrfl^i.
men s .ere o;i "iiases ,and 'v»ieit tacj shock
hav© oeen etca<!y 4 Most. 3? U:j diiei
run» ;-ame In t*-»i* way. T;is C"ipo>f-: 'irere
always at <;j t erjticsj lao-^ont ana
tie natlv^j were toRahfiUi !i r<iiinB*
as many <flu. althc'ffi' I he: <iU the
mo6t hittit^.
Thiiv* opened the . cdly an<: rnain-
J;aine<l that kind c* a pac« In ihu fle?>l
,i«>axly all tae time. The Xi-^t man up.
O'Hara. smacked the bail to DelinftV and
he fumbled. Th . r Urick Dovereaux sac
riflceJ^, .and a me., nt later S^av pt!»u!
frnd ttts.Zi^ erred, Soth on cuances that
Should Sis- ¦•."(. jsea tai^en. Of • ourse ilit
fleet-footed ?' T iara arrived wltii"Ut ihe
al?5«i on- bcb^ hit.
Thti> vere good - ill the Mird, when they
began 1 ton more :o deve. ; ar erratic
Ptreak. Moskimaii hit the ball s-;":arel>
on 0&* 7»olnt rf the nose. Ther. KrtiK
dropped fly aud Lynch rr>f"1udg- o "r.e
that Sc'taTi rtz ??nt soar.vs awav up :~"o
thepclouds. "Tils me.nt tv»-o more runs,
the most "ho Cripples could i,6 ? . yet good
onough to *lr out with
The ?ct:rth p.-c Mcitl -he lon t mark for
Both Peter and .r.cle Hank had ' c
chance to lau^b at each other :'esterday t
Uncle enjoyed the first opportunity 'when
his erratic followers galloped away froir
the Crippled band on the Oakland base
ball lot during the early hours f>i the <Jc.^
Then Peter handed II right back ic him i
few hours later aftei steering n'L Crip
ples *o Tictor^'- r.v itec/eaclon T»arl; fcy 5
3 to 1 iir.Isa.
BTANTJUfO OF THE CLDBS.
(Padflo Coast Leacue).
W.I^Pct., W.I* Pet.
txM Az«ele«-8S 43 .624 Portland S» 68 .464
Nui rraa....T8 63 .CVJt^atUe 67 73 .440
.03 64 .11* .Otkland M 88 .395
'Company II. First Infantry Regiment. N. G.
C State shoot, three scores of five shots eacii
at 300 yards — Captain T. W. Costello. 18. 21. 23;
Serjeant George Hleainger. 12. 15. 17; Sergeant
Jt Hawkins 11. 15. 17; Sergeant E. Peckham.
13 13 18: Sergeant H. Robrecht. 12. 14. IS;
Corporal A. Sobey. 13. 12. IS; Corporal P.
Kelly 11. 16. 15: Corporal T. Brown. 13. in.
20- Corporal H. O'Suna. S. 15. 11: Corporal C.
Priest 9. 10. 8; Musician E. Platr. 12. 13. 1".;
Musician C. Kelly. 8. 13, 14; E. Bosque. 9. 13.
16; H. Cohn. «. U. 13; Artificer J. Gettle. tK
17 17- S Fass. 12. 8, 11: H. Alverado. 10. 12.
7- P Boitano 15. 10, 12; R. McKee\-er. 16. 20.
18: A. Porter.' 16. 19. 22: H. Hughes. 13. 13. 1«:
C. Walton. 12. 14. 14; F. Renner. 8. t:>. «; B.
Hughes. 11. 8. 12: W. Barnett. 8. 11. 13.
Company F, First Infantry Regiment, com
pany medal shoot— Flmt Sergeant C. J. Wil
mout 40. Sergeant D. Rogers 27. Sergeant \.
Branch 33. Sergeant H. Chester 39. Corporal J.
S. Sevey 38. Musician I>. J. Cereghlno 40. Mu
sician D de Martini 42. A. Batano* 29. H.
IX.ugherty 42. J. Hoyt 18. C. Kern 14. Oeors*
Miller 22. Charles Mitchell 27. A. Pearson J>.
T. J. McCarty 23. A. Robinson 31. G-pnr* St.
Clalr 25. W. F. Slmmonds 31. M. WaUtet«i* %
30. F. Strickland 10. R. T. Taylor SO.
Company C. First Infantry Regiment. N. O.
C company medal shoot — Captain F. K.
Miore 49. G. H. Seyden 4H. Corporal F.
Llngge 43. Corporal F. Stolzenwald 48. H. M.
Company E. First Infantry Regiment. N. G.
C. annual State shoot, three scores at -PO
yards-Sergeant E. Ewlg. IS 19 21 : Servant
F. Tully. 13. 15. 17: Corporal T. Marlowe 11.
16. 23: Corporal C. Brothers. 15. 11. 12; Musi
clan W. McCormack. 11. «. 13: Musician T.
Graham. 17. 12. 14; U Brown 9. 11. 13: W.
Campbell. 9. 7. 10; J. Cohen. T. It. M: L.
Cutter 2O. 17. 16: "W. Ewig. 22. 14, 19; J.
Dower! K 11. 16= M. RHey. 14 21 IS: H .
Wyckoff. 16. 19. 14: W. Watson. 9. 8. 10; T.
Dwyer. 14, 13. 17; Corporal J. Paulson. CO.
19. 14.
Caita.o W. WaJl.il. 18. 19; Z«ieutsnant I*
Graham, 21, 17, 15; Sergeant C Novea. S4. 14.
18; Sergeant £mil Stroth. £4, 22. 1.3. 8eis«ant
F. Owmi*. 20. 18. 17: Serf -ant W. Taltat, 21,
l'j. 17; Serzeant Alfred Atii. 14. li. 9; Cot*.
poral f"har>» Johcaon. 19,. 17. 19-. Orporu i:.
Hteadnian. Zi, -'X 10; Corporal J. Diffj. * ), 11.
15; Corporal H.- Tuggy. 21, 17. 18; Cortwa! I-
Isaacs, 18. 12. 11; X.'ou Ayheca. 2>. 2?. 1*;
H. I- Barrows,. 19. 15. 10: J. I* Cohen. 1», 1>,
K; Jarr.es Daiey. 22. 17, IS; Jam«a Dolui. 'i\
£0. 18; Samuel tweyfusa. K.' 11. 4; W. XMmo!1.
». «. — ; H. Harvey. M. 17. 17; Benjamin J»clt
'son.. 23, Vi, 2a; IVllSelra Kltvpel. 13. 8. 4; B,
II. JLundy, 13, 12. — ; 31. J. t.yona. 21.. 1». l»;
II. McSweeran, . 18, — , !»;. S. K- Morri». . I?.
17. 1«:.B. ; Michel!. 10, 10,- 7: Ed O'DcnneH-Virv
I?, : 15; Frank O'Nell, 17. 13. ft: : Jl.".- Sptllm«n,
2». 1», IS; G. Wilton. 12, 0. t; H. Mill*, 1». 16.
14;' J. McGowan. 19. IS. !«.••„•• ¦••¦•'• ••
Company A. Firm Jntnatty Krzlvnent. K. a.
C. annual State etioot i».o. COO and SOO yards*
—Captain Georsiw T. Ballinser. 14. 15. 13; Lieu
tenant F. Bertrand. 20. 20. 15; Lieutenant J.
<3. Stahl. 15. 1H. 14; Sergeant F. McCarthy.
10. 1O. liJ; Sergeant John Murphy. 14. 15. 13;
Sersesint James {{etlly. 19. 16. 13; Sergeant
J. J. Brady. 15. 15. 12: Sergeant Eugena
Dougherty, 14. 13. 12; Corporal rfoseph Mur
doch. W 9 6; Corporal Joseph O'Hara. 13. IS,
15- Corporal M J. Duffy. 21. 1». IS; Corporal
A R. Dunnlgan 13 13. 14: Corporal TV. Her
bert 21. 18 IS: Musician W. Williams. i:.
15 13; P. Benedettl. 6. 11. 0; C. H. Carcass.
19 24 21: A. Crawford. 15. 14. 14: W. II,
Deasy* 6 S 6; F. Delamater. 6, 10. 13: K.
L. Ennis 16, 12. 14: F. Figneu. 10. 13, t>;
H J Ford. lfi. 12 12: P. W. Gordon, 13. 1».
12; M H. Grovers 14. 15. 11; J. J. HardK
15 13 ' 15: G T. Holland S. 8. 11; F. C. John
son 11 10, 8; T. H. Lind. 13. 17. 13; J.
Mllsner, 12. 1S\ 12: C. McKeon, 17. 15. 15; J.
O'Kane. 14 14, 10; J. Oppenshaw, 12. 17. 12;
J E. Page S 14. 12; C. W. Rldgway. 8. 15.
12- F Relhl 12. 13. 10; O. Welk. 14. 18. 13;
P. H* Markowitz, 12. 10. 11; F. Hllder. 3. 0.
4; A. Neubauer. 14. 14, 14.
Company G. First Infantry Reglsient,
N. G. C, State shootlrfir tit decoratioi.s,
distances 200, SOO and 300 yards:
Sin Francisco Schuetxen Varein. wauthly
bulljeye ah'ot — R. Stettin 157. J«hn G«fmn
•J.:o. H. Uuher 400. S. 1'irs c ) Jjhn C
Waller B€», F. P. Foh««t..T 6J5 O«» Lirim.ks
mi. D B. Fakt>r " 4 Lou » Bea^al U F.
na»t l**ii. Char.es Oldus 1C2», II. Hsippert
1CS9. A. Fertelaen 1108. Fred BraiV't USA
Georte H. Eabrs \2O9. A..g. J rji.jt 15m *•.
Kcch lii«. D Ducker IWi, J. TlcJemaon 1979
C Kruse 1871.
Nor'itfau** h«p gJuttua Ct'jb. Bi(JB»t5»'y
me«i*l ahoct — First ctanipl.tj eSan, V, P.
Bchusier. 429 riTtga; ¦ aeruod eban^p-ca «'x-«,
Otto Le^scke. 411; fl.st c.*a«s. Jotn G«.iua,
411; second class, not fl!:ed; tfilrd class, C
CUdas. 36P; fourth elaaa. F. ti. TJ>«*. i)O;
beat Brat ahot Otto Lemck*. 24. beat laat ahot,
Q«on« H. Eahra. '.'4.
i *• «• Garrnaa jni. w. C. Trtrhas4 M. P.
A. B«ck»r tn. I Hlnk*l »T. W. Proa ML
U. I^ahxa 83. 7 a»rk» 8J. J. Annatw* *k
J. Trec-» 94. J. .jUT-aoo uu c. A, B*k«r
1W. Ed Hovey 92^,. H. Hirksi 91. Q. H :*S »T
M. A. Crackell *9. w. F. BUaae 8S*« Al
Gthret 8a. J. HUlrr 8s\ M. F. B tnt M
Pr. Smith 84 F. B. Ktnkitun 8?. T. Lyons
82, E. C. Coi<J*U 77. M-tx Kolariir 64. C. V.
liicdjracn R'». Colocei S Beaver «3'a. I>. B.
J aktor 35. S. 8umme:-v>!ie 24 +.
Oerar.anla Suhuetaaa Club, monthly eatapett
tiin atoot, op«a to ail ccmen, ton ahuu tkt
— F. P. Scbu«t«r 2*4. L>. B. Faittor Z&. Utr
tr.a*i Kuber Zzi. Max Koandrr *58. F K.
Maacn 218. N. Ahre?s 212, S. H«m» J15 M.
F. Blacs* 206. Eil'tyi c >ot«at— F. E. Mia a
inf. N. Ahrens £«3 W. F B'aaa* 343 P P.
Bchtmer 413, H. Huber &»7 C. M. Utslxrsca
5il M. F P.'asas 64d
Frank JE. Mason In the bullstye con
test of the Germania Schaetxen Club
made a wonderful score of ten t-lncii
buMseyes In succession and scored seven
teen b'jtlxeycs In bis string of twenty
shot*. That his hand was steady and aim
good was attested ty his fine bullseye of
135 points, the best made fur th* day. •
The high scores raiJs by the members)
of the National Rifle and Revolver As
sociation follow:
The rifle ranges at Shell Mound Park
were* crowded to their capacity yesterday
by civilian and military marksmen. Tha
weather was al) that, could bo desired for
good scare* and -thS result show* the rtfle
mea availed et the- opportunity, to place
good scores to theitJ jfecord.
The- event of the dnv wa'J^tho Annual
shooting at £ho National Rifle .uu* Tie*
-•reives Association iie\£ under the- {toft*
pices -5j lire Qoldcri GaCfc Rlilo «.nd ?isto£
£Sv>b t>t this itiy. This iomp«titiv.s matcfe
is to &e ixtlS, ta *very State of tlic Union
•firherg. jst8Hfti«| club:. «fci.i. T'rona.th*
fclaft «co**# 3Q«.d« £y *hi. CaUfo-ni.i
to*rk$i5«ti H win fc« 3tt;c«as£jr -or thi
Eastern cxaci shots lo i* or* ih*iy naet:i*
to carry off tht» honor* of thd contMt. i
handicap W three points was *llow«i re
volver contestants, and th«rtfor J. y.
Gormaa exceeded the possible 100. toeing
credlt«a. with. 101 point*. His record wit2*
the pistol was 50 and with th* revolver
4S, a total hard to overcome. W. CV
Prichard and P. A. Becker also made ex
cellent scores. . .•• •
Natives Take First Game
and Then Cripples
Triumph.
Scores Seventeen Bulls
eyes in a String of
Twenty Shots.
UNCLE AND PETER
DIVIDE HONORS
RIFLEMAN MASON
IN GREAT FORM
LACROSSE MATCH RESULTS IN A VICTORY FOR THE HURON TEAM
AFTER AN EXCITING STRUGGLE ON THE FIELD WITH THE TECUMSEHS
THE SAN FBAIvCISCO CALL, MO^D^lYv AUGUST 31, 1903.
RACING, YACHTING, BASEBALL, COURSING, TENNIS, LACROSSE AND OTHER SPORTS
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V
rtorve.ec-jual. Mf Ci 6a. rSAn impression has been abroad for some
years that Mme. Modjeska. the actress,
has lost the large fortune she earned in
this country. The r fact is that she has
been quite able to cease acting any time
she wanted to in the last ten years, but
continues her ¦ professional ' work because
she likes it. Most of her fortune isin
vested in her California ranch, which has
increased In valimlarflral" at.la.ta.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 30.— Lying In a quiet
room at his home, 1911 Alameda avenue,
Arthur P. Peck, the young employe of
the Sunset Telephone who was attacked
and brutally beaten by a quartet of thugs
at First avenue and East Twelfth. street,
Oakland, last night, is not yet out of
danger. At times he is only semi-con
scious and the attending physician, Dr.
C. George Bull, has ordered that no one
but the nurses be allowed to enter his
apartment. Peck is'ncw said by the doc
tor to be in a more serious condition than
he was last night, as the shock has seri
ously affected him. ¦ ¦ • ~s}i\-%
scalp is frightfully gashed to
the skull in two. places and tho wounds
appear as if they were caused by some
jagged, blunt instrument One of the
openings is of such a nature that It can
not be drawn together and considerable
of the skull is exposed. The patient is
also suffering from many contusions of
the body. Peck has not been able to give
a coherent description of his assailants
and no effort was made to-day to obtain
that information from him.
Mrs. Lizzie Peck, mother of the injured
young man, is indignant at " the
fact that Bome of the passengers
on the car from, which Peck was
dragged before being assaulted,
did not go to his assistance.. L. II. Ja
cobi of this 'city, manager of the Sub
set Telephone Company, is an uncle of
Peck and he intends to leave nothing un
done that may result in the apprehension
and prosecution of the thugs who at
tacked his nephew.' The Oakland police
are at work on the case.
Young Arthur Peck Un
able to Describe
Assailants.
THUGS' VICTIM
LIES IN STUPOR
BERKELEY. Aug. SO. — Professor Charles
Mills Gayl«y will lecture on "Everyman and
the Morality Play" to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock, in room 12, North Hall.
The Phi Beta Kappa Society will hold a
special meeting to-morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock In the Philosophy building, when busi
ness of an Important nature will be discussed.
Th« Students' Congress will hold a debate
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock In Stiles Hall.
The quc-ytion will be: "Resolved. That senior
control of student affairs will be advantageous
to the University of California." The affirma
tive will be taken by Carey, '04; Harada. "05,
pnd Mowbray. '04. while the negative will b«
defended by McCarty. '04; Henderson, '04. and
Briibacker. "06."
I The marriage is announced of Roscoe A.
GoodceJl. who igraduated from the university
in 180S and has since been teaching in China,
to Miss Elsie Bertha Hook, daughter of Mr.
rind Mrs. William F. Hook of Shanghai. Mr.
and Mrs. Goodcell' are to reside in Chilian.
China, where he is teaching.
UNION DRUG STORE
IS LOOTED BY THIEF
Burglar Bobs Till Early Sunday
Morning, but How He En
tered Store Is a Mystery.
The Union Drugstore, 400 Sutler street,
was looted some time during the early
hours of yesterday morning.
At midnight Saturday Dr. Searly locked
up the store, at which timo' everything
seemed safe and secure. On opening the
store yesterday rnorning. however, it was
discovered that the . till had been rifled
of the sum of $19, while a small bank
had beenpried open and the contents ab
stracted. * ¦
A . further investigation revealed the
fact that the thief had escaped through
the back door, through which he could
not have entered the store, as it has no
lock or latcn on the outside.
A further examination was made and it
was evident that the front door had not
been tampered with, which led the police
to believe that the thief had hidden and
was locked up in the store at the time
it was closed for the night.
Lecture by a New Yorker.
Henry Frank of the Metropolitan In
dependent Liberal Society of New York
delivered his second lecture in Golden
Gate Hall yesterday morning. Mr. Frank's
subject was "Self Discovery, or the Foun
tain of Eternal Life." There was a large
attendance and the lecturer was listened
to with marked attention. Next Sunday
morning he will again lecture in Golden
Gate Hall, when his subject will be "The
Christ of the Creed and the Creed of the
Christ." ,
An electrical type-setting machine
will. ' says its Inventor, i revolutionize the
mechanical work of a newspaper.
Committee of arrangements — H. C. Rohrs. M.
A. Philips. P. I-apoida, A. Scown and C. Mle
dema.
Reception committee — A. V. de Borba. E. R.
Samuels, E. L. Purdy. Jasept Gambetti. F.
Maass. H. Morgan. R. de Rosa Jr. of Novato;
T. J. Lennon. T. P. Boyd. C. B. Shafer. F. H.
Miller of San Rafael, N. H. Fredericks, George
N Smith. J. H. Nossl and C. Dlttman of Peta
luma, L. R. Taft. H. M. Anderfuren and J.
Dolcinl of Nlcasio.
Honorary committee— T. J. Fallon, L. F.
Dunand. F. Albertl. J. W. Atherton, C. Dahl,
r D. Hatch. J. Brusle. G. Pacheco and H.
Nellson of San Rafael. P. Walsh. L. "Winkle
man and P. L. Earhart of Black Point.
E. J. Connell was floor manager and
G. Riddle and J. K. Hawkins acted as
his assistants.
Mrs. Fred Swetser. Mrs. Frank Tanforan.
Miss Rose Foster. Miss Julia Valencia. Mrs.
Thomas Button, Mrs. Samuels, Mrs. John Tous
tannan and Miss Emily Saunders.
The coramittess having t.ie affair In
charge were as follows:
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 30.— The enter
tainment and I ball eiven under the au
spices of the Novato Druids last night.
was a great social success. Loustaunan's
Hall was crowded with guests who had
a most enjoyable time.
After the musical programme a tug-of
war took place between teams composed
of members from Council No. 43, *U. P.
E. C, and Novato Grove No. 113. U. A.
O. D. The visitors were declared the vic
tors.
Among the patronesses of the affair
were:
NOVATO GROVE OF DBUIDS
ENTEBTAINS ITS FBIENDS
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
advanced age of the veterans in line; the
marching and alignment were remarka
ble. The men wore the regulation uni
form and white gloves. They carried the
flag in triumph, but bore no arms. A
throng of spectators at the band stand,
including many ladles, admired the col
umn in motion. '; : .[ "¦
The commander in chief visited every
department of the institution. He saw
the patients in the hospital and the men
In quarters. He met several veterans
who participated with him in the battle
of Pea Ridge, Arkansas, March 6, 7, and
8, 1862. This was one of the earliest and
most stubbornly contested battles of the
great war. Two noted Confederate lead
ers, General McCulloch and General Mc-
Intosh, were slain in that engagement.
General Shafter met. many of his com
rades in the Civil War and several veter
ans of the late war. He was cordially
greeted by the men. He promised to pay
an official visit as department commander
to the Grand Army post at the Home.
The visitors, accompanied by several di
rectors of the Home, left here for San
Francisco this afternoon.
PROMINENT LEADER OF THE GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC AND
COMMANDANT OF THE VETERANS' HOME AT YOUNTVILLE,
WHERE THE OLD SOLDIERS WERE REVIEWED YESTERDAY.
CHICAGO. Aug. 30. — Chicago and Detroit
each took one game. A bad error by Green in
the seventh, allowing two runs, gave Detroit
the first game. He made good in the second
game, however, by bringing In three runs
with two doubles and a single in four times
at bat. All four pitchers were in form, par
ticularly Mullen, who administered ten strike
outs during the opening game. Rain stopped
the second contest at the end of the first half
of the seventh inning. Attendance 3<XX>. U"be
scores :
Chicago 2 4 1
Detroit 3 8 0
Batteries— Flaherty and Slattery; Mullen
and Buelow. v - •
oSS'.^r: S" S E 6
Detroit 2 8 2
Batteries — White and Slattery; Kitson and
Buelow.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 30. — Cleveland took both
games with ease. St. Louis did some very
poor fielding. Attendance 20,800. The scores:
First game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 * 4
Cleveland 7 11 1
Batt rlea — Sievers and Sucden; Jess and Ab
bott.
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 6 5
Cleveland 10 10 O
Batteries — Sudhoff and Sugden; Abbott, Don
ahue and Bemis.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BT. LOUIS, Aug. 30.— Fittsburg defeated
St. Louis in a tnappy gam* to-day. Eddie
Doheny was in rare form and let the locals
down with six hits, besides shutting them out.
A pretty running stop by Ritchey was the
feature. Attendance 5800. The score:
B. H. E.
St. Louis J • J
Pittsburg 3 * 1
Batteries — Brown and O*Nell; Doheny and
Phelps. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO. Aug. 30.— After ten innings of
close and almost perfect playing, in which
the locals outbatted Cincinnati three to one.
Chicago won, 3 to 2. The second game was
called on account of rain In the third inning,
the score standing 3 to 2 in favor of the vis
itors. Attendance 11.400. Score:
R- ii. E.
Chicago •••••2 1* J
Cincinnati 2 5 »
Batteries— Taylor and Kling; Ewing and
Peltz. Umpire— Johnstone.
Eddy Doheny Plays in Bare Form
and Bitchey Makes Pretty
Running Stop.
PITTSBTJBG WINS SUNDAY
GAME AGAINST ST. LOUIS
LONG-DISTANCE CASTBBS
IN EXCITING COMPETITION
Three Experts Get Out a Great
Length of Line at Sto-w
Lake.
Messrs. Golcher, Brotherton and J. B.
Kennlff had an exciting contest in dis
tance casting yesterday on Stow Lake.
Golden Gate Park. Mr. Golcher proved
the victor with a cast of 124% feet. Mr.
Brotherton scored 123 feet and Mr. Ken
niff 120. The official scores of the two
days' casting follow:
O > Delicacy. £
H £i > D 5! ?1
, » 3 5 w 0 <->z *• ¦*
I rfi il if o?
CONTESTANTS y » n" Q-< ¦» =-
% '• 3* S Q '¦ n
C. G. Young U3.S 91.8 81.8 ISH.8 JW.4
H. Battu 97 S3 192.477. « 1*4.11 9«. 5
C. R. Kenmff 93.8 02 S5.10iS8.110S. 8
d. V.'. Lane '91 172.6 S1.9 ....
F M. Halght 74.4'S3.4!73.4 79.4 ....
A B. Sperry... 101 S2.4!84.4;63 74. S ....
A. W. Bl:io>.. 91 82.S:85.4i71.8 78.6 ....
G H. Foulks.. 102 90.8192. 8^75. 10 £4.3 ....
Dr. !W". Brooks 38 Jx).8!SS.8;$«.8 87.8 ....
F M Reed 88 90.8186.8 IS8. 8 ....
H. C. Golcher. 124^ .... S9.4J84.2 jRfi.9 ....
T. Brotherton..|123 89.4 92 88.8 |89.4 92. ft
T C. Klerulff.1105 84.8 85.81W.10 83.3 1*5.2
J.' B. Kennlff..|120 91.8J89 [S7.6 S8.3 [95.9
SATURDAY'S CONTESTS.
C G Young... 103 |9t |94.4!87.« !90.11!93.«
C' R" KennlftV. 112^|9.5.4;91.4 90.10191.1 J97.9
Dr. W. Brooks. 105491 93. 4 8.1.4 88.4 . ...
H Battu 10.1 *7 90 84.2 87.1 93. :$
G.' C Edwards. 10O 85 Kt.SjSO !«*.10iS6.4
G W. Lane 92.4'83.4 9O.4 ....
T.' C. Klerulff.. 112 86.4|S7.4|80 |S3.8 IS5.8
DOYLE IN" THE SUNNING.
Re-enters the Pitcher's Box for Sac
ramento and Is Successful.
SACRAMENTO. Aujt. SO.— "Demon" Dcyl*
broke Into the twiner's box to-day for the
nrst time in two years. In serving for Sac
ramento he demonstrated he had lost but lit
tle of his old-time speed and control- He held
the heavy batters of the Portland team down
to two runs up to the ninth Inning, when he
tired a little, and they bunched six hits and
made four runs. Loucks pitched steady, con
sistent ball up to the sixth inning, when thre*
runs were made, and he retired in favor of
Butler, who oltched th* game out. Doyle was
accorded a great reception by the fan*
throughout the game. Score:
Portland — i Sacramento —
AB. R. H.P.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Blake, rf 3 0 2 4 l'Casey.2b 5 0 14 4
Vanbn.cf 4 2 & 0 0 Hlldbd.lf 5 10 0 0
Nadu. If 5 1 4 2 OMcLn. cf 5 0 2 3 t
Andsn,2b 2 0 0 0 ljEagan.ss 5 2 3 4 1
Fncs. 8b 4 1 1 1 * Shehn,3b 4 0 3 3 1
H?wh,ss 5 0 3 2 2 Doyle, p 5 0 1 0 5
Elsey, lb 4 0 1 7 2.Grahm.c 4 2 13 2
Hess. c. 4 0 0 3 0 Hogn. lb 4 1 2 » 1
Loucks.p 2 0 0 10 Thms, rf 4 1 2 1 1
Butler.p. 22202. —
Baldy,2b 3 O 1 2 0 Totals.41 7 15 27 18
Tctals.33 6 16 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BT 1NNING3.
8acramento 2 0010300 1— T
Base hits 2 0 1 3 1 3 2 0 3—15
Portland O 0 O 0 1 0 1 0 4 — S
Base hits 0 0 112 13 2 8—10
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Mclaughlin, Graham. Hogan.
Nadeau. Errors— Casey. Eagan. Hollings
worth. Hits — Off Loucks 10. off Butler 5.
Three-base hits — Bag&n (2). Two-bas« hits —
fheehan, Elsey, Van Buran. Casey, Francis.
Graham. Sacrifice bjta — Van Buren. Sheehan.
First base on errors — Sacramento 1, Portland 1.
First base on balls — Off Doyle 4. off Butler 1,
off Loucks 1. Left on bases — Sacramento 10.
Portland 10. Struck out — By Dovle 2. Doubl*
plays — Sheehan to Casey to Hoiran: Blake to
Hess: Hc.an to Eagan to Hoiran. Wild
pitches — Doyle. Loucks. Time, 2:15. Um
pire—O'Connell.
Government Watchman Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that an examination
will be held at San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 30. 1903, for the position of watch
man, schedule C. class B, in the sub
treasury service in this city at $720 per an
num. Age limit, 20 years or over. Per
sons who desire to compete should at
once apply to the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, for application form 304, which,
should be properly executed and filed
with the consolidated board prior to the
hour of closing business on September
21. 1S03.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 30.— Nickels and
dimes float into Dawson postofflce at the.
rate of $10 per week and the diminutive
coins are not allowed to go back into cir
culation. Any coin of less value than 23
cents has no standing and commands no
respect in the Klondike country and th»
penalty is deportation on sight
The postofflce gets the greater number
of the nickels and dimes, because people
feel that when they are turned in there
they will be roing back to the Govern
ment which is the source of their supply.
The small coins are wrought into the-
Klondlke by newcomers from outside.
Sometimes church collections receive
them Instead of the postofflce. Last spring
a new comer bought nails to the value of
40 cents at a hardware store, making pay
ment in nickels and dimes. The proprietor
took the chicken feed and Immediately
threw it into the stove. The stranger was
surprised, but took his lesson gracefully.
Special Dispatch to The Call
It is generally supposed that when the
fish leave the fresh water of the hatch
eries for theocean they do not return for
five years. President Jordan of Stanford
has proven that in many instances they do
not return to their place of birth for seven
years. Where the fish go in the mean
time still remains a mystery and the out
put of the hatcheries is now teing gener
ally branded with the object of ascertain
ing where and when they may be caught
in any part, of the world. Charleton's
specimen has been preserved in alcohol
and will be shipped to the Alaska Pack
ers' Association at San Francisco.
; TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 50.— A small fish
caught at Nome two weeks ago will serve
tfce purpose of helping to show what be
comes of the fish from the Alaskan
hatcheries during the interim of five or
seven years before they return to their
native waters for spawning. The fish in
question was a two and a half pound Dol
ly Varden trout, caught at Nome by J. W.
Charleton. It bore the brand of the
hatchery of the Alaska Packers* Associa
tion at Karluk, on tne southern coast of
Alaska. Finding It in the Bering Sea is
considered strong proof of the success of
the salmon hatcheries on the Alaskan
coast.
i Special Dispatch to The Call
Bear3 Brand of the Hatchery
of Packers' Association
:-7 at Karluk.
Turn Them Over to the Post
offlce for Shipment Out
of Country.
Specimen of the Dolly
Varden Is Hooked by
an Angler.
Klondikers Do Not Want
to Handle Nickels
or Dimes.
ALASKAN TROUT
CAUGHT AT NOME
SHOW CONTEMPT
FOR SMALL COINS
OAKLAND. Aug. 3O.-By climbing
P through on open transom a burglar en
trrc-d Mrillcftc Brothers' saloon, south
west corner of Seventh and Washington
streets and stole fSO last nlffht. The
wMir.^v was la a f.aclt behind the bar.
Burglar Ransacks Saloon.
Bandsburs Miners Standing Firm.
h*ktr«FIELD, Aug. S3.— No new de
company anonuncc Its intention to par
il-Tl? resume work to-morrow. The town
l« Srfert?" Quiet and the miners are
l^ndinE Jirm, with no sign* of treaken-
ranks- Sheriff Kelly Is still
on the ground.
Will Beautify Streets.
OAKLAND, Aug. 30.— An improvement
club has been organized at Fruitvale for
the main object of beautifying the. streets
and roads. The officers are: President,
James M. Harrold; secretary, John A.
Sanborn.
Bulgarian and Turkish Securities
Decline, Americans Follow Feel
ing on Wall Street.
LONDON, Aug. 30.— A distinct holiday
feeling pervaded the stock markets last
week and the amount of business was
limited. Consols displayed a better tone,
but the Balkan troubles had a rather de
pressing influence on the market gener
allv. Bulgarian and Turkish securities
declined. All silver stocks were firm.
The movements in Americans were of a
see-saw description, the operators fol
lowing the feeling in Wall Street, adopt
ing a waiting attitude, but on the whole
a greater confidence prevailed.
BALKAN TBOUBI/ES DEPRESS
ENGLISH STOCK MARKETS
ALAMEDA. Aug. 30.— What is ex
pected to be the most important con
ference yet held between the City Trus
tees and the representatives of the
Southern Pacific Company, relative to
the two applications for local railroad
franchises sought by the corporation, is
scheduled to be held in the committee
room of the municipal board Monday
afternoon, commencing at 2 o'clock.
General Manager Julius Kruttschnltt of
the Southern Pacific has signified his
intention of attending the meeting and.
as he is in a position to speak with
authority for the company, definite re
sults are expected. Although It has not
been so stated the discussion will prob
ably be executive.
The status of the matter of the local
franchises bo far as the Southern Pacific
Is concerned at present Is this: Two
ordinances granting to that corporation
the trackage and transportation privi
leges it wants, framed after and em
bodying the stipulations recommended
by trie Citizens' Advisory Committee of
fifty, have been introduced In the Board
of City Trustees.. Copies of these or
dinances are in the possession of the
management of the Southern Pacific.
The concessions demanded in these
documents in return for the franchises
will be taken up and considered separ
ately at the conference Monday. It is
understood that the officials of the
Southern Pacific are willing to grant
most of them, but the stipulation re
quiring the corporation to pay into the
city treasury $500 a month for the priv
ileges conveyed j in the franchises is
said to be the hurdle that the railroad
people refuse to take and on the settling
of this point much will depend.
City Trustees to Confer
With the Railroad
Officials.
BUrvr Cloud beat Bonnie Pasha. 12-9; Clus
ter bea- Pretty Face. 14-0; Special beat Firm
Fe'.low 6-4; Vina beat Don Pedro. 14-11: Reck-
Ws Acrobat beat Concord Boy. i«-6; Jack
Sort a bye Ragged Actor withdrawn; Tralee
noy beat BrtjprbnUu. 7-5; Glancing Pasha
t^« Arcel^T 4-3; Ruby Sankey beat Wattle*.
£? : FcSenV bi*t ?««!«•;»":**?
S&S8 B3&TK8S £?<£?&
Star' Oalion bVaT Maid o' the Glen. 15-10;
££*o i« Concord Trale* 6-1 : ; Haphazard a
V.l vT«n*ia withdrawn: Red Rock beat \ an
t '"i* T P'-$O- Trale* Boy Wat Glancing
Bantey beat Golden Ugt *£ * yankM Boy ,
"Ml beat M a 8 -
ETS2 SSL T s a U,t 'Peeper W
"i-rth round-vmaboat Fe-u-or. »?! H.p
¦ :.:^JS- : b H.V&ard beat Vina. 14-2.
Vina, a daughter of the great grey
hound Connemara. was the sensational
pe-former in th* reserve stake yesterday
at Union Coursing Park. Six times she
mas the despised outsider In the betting
and on five occasions she was returned
the winner.
She beat Don Pedro and Special, the 1
to 3 choices; Silver Cloud at 1 to 2; Tralee
Boy at 1 to 4 and For.tenoy at 3 to 5. In
the deciding course she met Haphazard.
She had had five minutes and fifteen sec
onds running, while the latter had but
two minutes and fifty-one seconds. Hap
hazard won by a score of 14 to 2, with
Vina trying ail the time.
The most decided upsets cf the day
mere the defeat of Cloverdale. a 1 to 5
choice, by Fenil. and the defeat of Fair
Oaks by Ploughman at the tame odds.
Th* day's results in detail with Judge
Andrew "Dean's official scores follow:
Wins Five Trials at Liberal Odds,
but Loses the Deciding
Course,
VINA, DESPISED OUTSIDER,
IS BUNNT3HTP FOB STAKE
EXPECT RESULTS
FROM MEETING
9 Colonel George W. Watts, commander
of the Home, introduced the eminent rep
resentatives of the Grand Army. Senti
ments of patriotism eloquently expressed,
tributes to the country, and honor to the
flag fittingly rendered by the trio of com
manders evoked rounds of prolonged ap
plause. Brief remarks were also made by
Mrs. John C. Black. Mrs. C. H. Bllnn and
Colonel and Mrs. C. Mason Klnne. '
The review of the troops this forenoon
by Generals Black and Shafter was the
event of the memorable visit. The col
umn was superb in style, considering the
YOUNTVILLE, Aug. 30.— General
John C. Black, commander in
chief, and General "W 1111am R.
Shafter, department commander
of the Grand "Army of the Repub
lic, arrived at the Veterans' Home in this
county laEt evening and remained at the
institution until 3 o'clock this afternoon.
The grwt'ng given by the "old boys" to
these distinguished leaders took on the
character of a great ovation.
The first demonstration of welcome was
informal but Impressive. The veterans
of their own accord alligned themselves
along the main avenue of the reservation
and saluted the^commanders upon their
arrival.
After dinner at the officers' - cottage,
Generals Black and Shafter went to
Social Hall, where nearly all the members
of the Home had assembled to see and
hear the commanders. The audience
composed veterans of three wars— the
Mexican war, the great war for the pres
ervation of the Union and the Spanish-
American war.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pasha Pleasant. P. Mullarkey'8 repre- i
tentative in the stake, was far above the
other coursers in stake. After a
hard run in the second round and then
being coursed to a standstill in a three
minute trial with Little Plunger the game
hound came back, beat Presidio Boy,
¦which had been installed a 1 to 4 choice,
to the turn and won out. In the semi
final Pasha Pleasant was beaten a single
point by Full Moon.
Full Moon beat Black Coon in the final
3 to 1 Cascade won the Consolation stake
from General De Wet by a score of 7 to
4. Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Open stake, second round — Hcmer Boy beat
Sylvan, 7-2; Modest Beauty beat Bonnie
Hughie 5-1; Idaho Boy beai Modest Beauty,
10-5- Mount Rom beat Belfast, 18-2; Equator
boat Harleln Gladys. 8-7; Bob R. a bye; Full
Moon beat Half Moon. 7-6; Lulu Girl beat
Klttleman. 13-6; Young Fearless, a bye; Paaha
Pleasant beat Our Myra. 16-4; Jingle Belle, a
bve; Black Coon beat Lily Wright, 8-8; Little
Plunger b*at P«pper Jack, 4-O: Shadow beat
Doreen. 3-2; Medley beat Molly Me 11-4;
Thetln beat Tyrone Prince. 3-2; Roy Hurhie
beat Melroee. »-3; Presidio Boy beat Snapper
Garrison. 6^6; Flying Fox beat Rock and Rye,
7.4. Lady Menlo beat Donny brook. 7-2; Sofala
beat Miss Wilson. 6-O; Toper Turvy beat
Sweet Peas, 4-O.
Third round — Mod*st Beauty beat Homer
Boy 12-5; Idaho Boy beat Mount Rose, 9-6;
Bob R beat Equator, 12-3; Full Moon beat
Lulu Girl 5-0: Pasha Plea*ant beat Young
Fearless. 4-2: Black Coon beat Jingle Bells.
4-0- Little Plunr«r beat Fhadow. 7-«; M«-<Jley
beat Thetis 7-3: Presidio Boy beat Roy Hugh-
Is. 5-0; Lady Menlo beat Flying: Fox. 35-4;
SoVela beat Tcrsy Turvy. 8-4
Fourth round— Idaho Boy beat Modeet Beau
tv 5-3- Full Moon beat Bob R, 9-5; Pasha
Pl'easant beat Little Plunger. 22-2; Black
Coon beat Medley. C-3; Presidio Boy. a bye;
Sofala, a bye.
Fifth round— Full Moon beat Idaho Boy.
r.-0: Pasha Pleasant beat Preeldlo Boy. 6-3;
Black Coon beat Sofala, 11-4.
Sixth rour.d — Full Moon beat Pasha Pleas
r ant, 5-4; Black Coon, a bye.
Deciding course— Full Moon beat Black
i Coon, 3-1 - '¦¦ '
Consolation Stake: Second round—Imperi
ous beat Tom Hurllrk. 4-3: Royal Friend beat
1 Doc Burns. 7-6; Fannie Huehie beat Slleven
; etnon 5-1- Krishna beat Chill Mara. 7-5; Gen
eral De Wet beat Anchor. 7-3; Rsmisno Anlmo
beat King Death, 3-2; Pure Pearl beat Med
' dle*ome, 8-0; Ragtime beat Advance Guard,
¦ 8-1: Duhallow beat Rockefeller. 17-4; East
¦ lake beat The Coroner, 18-7; Cancade beat
! Minnie Sankey. 4-2.
Third round — Royal Friend beat Imperious.
5-4- Fannie Hughie beat Chill Mara. 4-2;
General De Wet. a bye; Pure Pearl beat Rag
; time. 5-0; Duhallow beat Eastlakc, 4-3; Cas
' cade, a bye.
Fourth round — Royal Friend b«at Fannie
: Hupnie. 13-7; Genera! De ' Wet, a bye; Cas
j cade beat Duhallow, 5-2.
Fifth round— Cascade beat Royal Frlend,6-3;
: General De Wet, a bye.
Deciding course — General De Wet beat Ca»
> cade. 7-4.
Ingleside Coursing Park turned out as
strong a card yesterday as has been seen
on the field for many months. The hares
from the first slip in the early morning
until the last course was -run were a
speedy lot and made their pursuers tike
a route that upset many calculations.
After Severe Going Beats Presidio
Boy, Which Is Installed a
Strong Choice.
PASHA PLEASANT RTJNS
SOME GREAT TRIALS
do so.
The newspapers are strong in their ex
pressions of Indignation.
The Dai'y Mail says: "One lesson bla
zoned on even' page of this report is that
our national interests can no longer be
intrusted to men who regard statesman
ship as a pleasant occupation for the
leisured elates. The day ° f _ eu e*i =»•"
a« I ord Lansdowne and Mr. Brodrick in
llr.p'.i^h statesmanship is over. They are
costly and dangerous luxuries."
The Times says: "It Is a sweeping ln
f.ictnent of our military unpreparedness.
which there is no reason to think has been
S5 K* wS-- les?ened ln
5 The Dally Chronicle says: "If Ix>rd
I^nsdowne has any sense of decency left
ha wi'.l send in his resignation at once.
leneral Nicholson is responsible, for the
information that there was practically no
valid connection between the intelligence
department and the defense committee
of the Cabinet. Colonel Altham testified
that even- Boer gun was known and
traced after the war. The British local
defense scheme was, however, based on
an inadequate force. It merely required
that generals should report how they
rould make the best of what troops they
had and that the experts by their desire
should prepare a plan of a scheme of
mobilization in the early summer. But
the Government would not vote the extra
necessary money until it was forced to
L,ON*DON. Aug. 3O.-The revelations
contained in the report of the Royal Com
mission on the conduct of the war In
South Africa have filled all England with
consternation and indignation. Of the
three volumes Ju^t Issued much has been
rujjpreased 'In the public Interest," but
enough remains to justify apparently the
opinion freely expressed that the War
O3c« at the outbreak of the trouble- was
in a state of Incompetence which is noth
ing short of amazing.
In America the memories of "embalmed
beef" scandals and of the buying of rot
tea hulks at enormous prices to serve as
auxiliary eunbGats. or supply ships, are
Ftill tresh, as are the revelations of the
state of unprer>aredness of the army to
undertake the war with Spain. But never
was the War Dcuartment of the United
States shown to be In anything like such
a stat* of rottenness into which the evi
dence of witnesses proves all too plainly
the British War Office had fallen when
the time came to back up England's
words with England's might.
According to the testimony of General
Nicholson, the intelligence section of the
"War Office relating to the South African
war was run on the two-men-and-a-boy
principle, with two officers and one clerk.
The Treasury, against the united recom
mendation of the War Offlce. refused any
increase. Hence it is not surprising that
v hen England went to war there was no
effective map whatever of the Orange
Free State, the Transvaal or NataL To
quote Lord Kitchener's own testimony,
according to official memorandum, "The
field intelligence department had to be
created from the very beginning."
American "Embalmed Beef" Scandal
2Hld Compared "With Rottenness
B«ve&lod by the Royal In
vestigators of England.
Exposure of War Department
Reveals Amazing In
compstency.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 30.— Almost the
last unexplored part of Alaska has been
traversed during the past year by J.
Marsh, assayer and mineralogist, who re
turned to Nome early In Augrust' after a
trip of two years through the ¦wilderness
between the Arctic Ocean and Koyukuk
River. Marsh •tarted with T. G. Carter
In August two years ago, taking passage
on the sr.hoon*r Helen for the mouth of
Colville River # which empties Into the
Arctic. - Storms delayed their pawing
Point Barrow and the ice prevented their
reaching Colville River. They according
ly went to Camden Bay. but their dogs
died while they wintered there. Carter
did not wish to enter the Interior without
dogs and Marsh started out alone. Build
ing a sled, .he hauled 1200 pounds of provi
sions by relays to a point ninety miles in
land on the Kooguru River. This stream
Is 280 miles long and unmapped. Marsh
found five rivers, as follows, between
Colville River and Turner River, the lat
ter being near the international boundary:
Koopowruk. Sawanukto, Savoavik, Koo
guru and Barter.
Marsh sDent the summer of last year
prospecting on the Kooguru, but found no
trace of gold, the country being of a lime
stone formation and of comparatively re
: cent elevation from the sea. Game and
furs are plentiful. Including four kinds
: of bears, gray wolves, foxes, caribou and
millions of ptarmigan. During this period
Marsh was alone for nearly nine months
and during one period of 128 days he heard
1 no human voice other than his own. Re
turning to his cache last fall Marsh met
! Carter, Ned Arrey, two Japanese and
j tome native* who were wintering with
| them. He spent the winter teaching two
! native children. This spring he started
out alone, going across the country to
' ward Koyukuk. He found mineralized
I country and prospected. His grub was
! getting low and he decided to make the
' Yukon. While journeying on a raft elgh
| teen days down the Chandler River he had
j no food except flour. Soon after Mail
Carrier Jack Carr came along, en route
i from Koyukuk to Fort Yukon and Marsh
i accompanied him. He reached Fort Yu
kon emaciated, long-haired and flat broke.
! General Funston carried him to Nome on
: the transport Jeff Davis. Marsh obtained
I data of great value for mapping the coun
try he explored.
Special Dltpatch to The Call.
Finds Five Big Streams Be
tween tha Colville and
Turner Rivers.
Coin mission on South
African War Makes
Report.
J. Marsh Makes a Trip
Into Section Hitherto
Unexplored.
REVELATIONS
FILL BRITONS
WITH ANGER
TRAVELS ALONE
THROUGH ALASKA
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1903.
Commander in Chief John C. Black and General William
R Shafter Address the Old Soldiers and Arouse the
Wildest Enthusiasm of the Men Who Bled for the Flag
VETERANS AT THE YOUNTVILLE HOME
GREET LEADERS OF THE GRAND ARMY
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
Air" a I j S I ' fl
Sw|BMBroftC8k And better yet the fish, no
¦ matter how prepared, when
gP^^ made delicate in flavor and
6S?W JL % delicious to the appetite by
lliii^JPp adding a teaspoonful of the
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add it to oyster stews,' soups, salads, chops, pot-au-feu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1903.
8
*»5IPLOYME\T WANTED— -FEMALE^
A~DREsImAKER will accept a few more en-
gagements In families In ladle*' and chil-
dren's clothee; $1 85 per day; also remodei-
| Ing rarments. Box 2474. Call office.
I WANTED— A situation by good chambermaid;
j good seamstress; first-class references. In-
quire by mall only to MRS, A.' M., 1919
Polk st^ .
COMPETENT hotel housekeeper desires posi-
tion In first-class hotel as managing house-
keeper; first-class references. Pox 2453. Call.
KEF1NKD middle-aged lady wants housekeep-
er's Do?(tl6n; beat references. jjQO Polk st.
DRESSMAKER going out by the day wishes
an aeeistant. Address box 2425. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Baiaan 633 McAllister st.
EMl'LU V -MHIA A' W A^^' JK 1J— -^t Ajfc.M.
REFINED, well educated, active, unencum-
bered elderly widower, of perfect honesty and
integrity, deslrts employment as guardian,
custodian or traveling companion by land or
sea, etc. P. O. box 2163. Ran Franolsco. Cal.
YOUNG man wishes position as man about
plaoe or housework. Address H. J t - box 4130,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Chineee cook, wants position ia
family or first-class hotel. 366 Ninth St..
Oakland. • '-¦¦
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation.
723 California st.
AN experienced poultryman wishes situation
aa manager; entire ntw plan and successful
new system; parties daslring to establish
new plants giv»n preference; correspondence
solicited. Box 2444. Call. •
A GOOD sober-natured man desires position;
thoroughly understands care of harass, har-
ness and rigs; willing and obllstas; best ref-
erences. F. WEBER, 020 Commercial at.
MAN good at carpentering, painting, etc.. de-
sires employment, city or country; steady
and reliable. Address box 4110. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS meat cook desires position in
! hotel, city or country; good references. Box
2463. Call office. *
MAN and wife with a child, like position in
country on fruit ranch or In Oakland. Ad-
drees 1687 Seventh at.. Oakland. -
STENOGRAPHER, male, age 24. six years'
experience, capable secretary, desires . posl-
tlon. Address box 2477. Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHER desires employment; good
reliable man; 15 years' experience. Address
box 2467. Call office. _•
MAN would like situation as watchman or any
light work: will furnish bonds If necessary.
Box 2458. Cell. :
JAPANESE strong man war.ta a position to
do any kind work after 6:30 p. m. Address
T. AKE. 1217 Jones at.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man for
plain cook, wife for housework. GEORGE,
122 Golden Gate ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO rent cheap; two new modern sunny flats in
the warm belt of the Mission; of 6 and
7 rooms arid bath each; with all the latest
modern lmprovementt. Apply ,3625 Twenty-
flfth st.. bet. San Jose ave. and Guerrero et.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will aave you time and
trouble. Cardes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
at., on the square.
TO let — Modern flat'of 6 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply S35 Fulton St.
CORNER upper flat: new; 7 rooms, bath; block
from Market. 308 Church st.
$37 50 AND $40 — Middle and upper new flats:
6 rooms, bath each. 1735 Page. nr. G. G. Pk.
ELEGANT' upper sunny corner flat. 6 rooms,
bath: Merrltt and Hattle ets. 4602 18th st.
NEW elegant flat to let: 5 rooms and bath.
17C2 Sacramento St., near Polk.
NOE. 153. north of Market — Sunny 3-room bay-
window corner flat, 6 rooms, bath.
SE. CORNER Page and Lyon— Middle flat. 8
rooms, bath: rent reasonable.
VERY modern sunny middle flat of 7 rooms
and bath. 866 McAllister St., near Laguna.
WALLER, 170S, nr. Park entrance — A modern
i sunny flat : 6 rooms, bath, yard ; rent 522 50.
ELEGANT flat; half block from' Market st.
3043 17th st. (Castro and 18th st. cars.)
TO let — Flat of four rooms: 1837 O'Farrell.
¦ HOOKER & LKNT. 14 Po»t ft.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
ELIZABETH, 624 — 3 furnished sunny rooms;
gas and coal stove; bath; Castro cars.
SOUTH PARK. 105— Partly furnished flat of 4
rooms; no children. Inquire 138 Third st.
FLATS FOR. SALG.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
NEW furniture fl-room flat for sale; sunny; rea-
sonable rent: 9 to 12 or 7 to 9 p. m. 2240
Poet at., corner Devlsadero.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S— Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, flrst-clars commercial hotel,
$30.
20 waitresses, city and country, restaurants
and hotels $25
5 chambermaids, city and country $20
3 chambermaids to watt 1 meal, private
boarding-houses, city, nice places, also wait-
ress *25
2 laundresses. R. R. eating house, free
fare *25
Cooks, hotels and boarding houses.. $30, $40
Shaker out. laundry, city $6 60 week
Man and wife. Janitor and cook, young couple,
apartment house $40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Housegirl. ranch, short distance. $25; 3 nice
places for cooks, $25, $30; 10 nice places for
house girls. $15, $30; second girl, choice place,
$20; others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Bush st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
4 colored waiters, $30; waiter, *40; chef, $90;
porter. $25; bell boy, $15.
A— WANTED, girls to learn hairdress. mani-
cure, etc.; trade taught from A to Z In 2
weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 positions
to fill immediately: positions guaranteed at
$10 per week up; leading school In West. 23:5
Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket «t.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm start to finish in one
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
WANTED — A girl to fake care of baby and
assist with housework; wages $20. Apply
at 1105 Folsom st., between 9 and 12.
A — WANTED — Machine hands on Indies' un-
derwear and children's wear. 656 Mission
Rt.. third floor: take elevator.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands for ladles' tailor;
also errand girls wanted. 7CC Sutter »t,
COMPETENT cook for Institution. 2344 Sut-
ter st.
SKIRT and waist hands wanted at 1407 La-
guna st. -
GIRL to assist In light housework. 725 Clay-
ton^st.
SMART woman for outside work. Melbourne
School, Van Ness and Market. 1 p. m.
TEACHER wanted. Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED — A talloress. Apply at 715 Valen-
cla at.
GIRL to assist in housework. 1413B Mason st.
YOUNG elrl to assist wlth"Thou8ework; $15*
, 1121 Stelner st.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
ft',4 Kearny et., room . 17. top. floor.
WANTED— A young/ girl to > assist watting at
tables; no Sunday work, 608 Seventh st.
WANTED — Good restaurant waitress; wages
$S a week: one day off. 7 Taylor st.
GIRL for email family. 1053 Market st up~-
stalrs.
WANTED — A German waitress for a hotelln
country. Call at 616 Clay st,>
YOUNG woman as chambermaid and wait at
table. Globe Hotel. 1116 Broadway, Oakland.
TWO experienced waitresses wanted. 20 Third
street.
WANTED — Waitress; short order. Hotel Re-
gina. 116 Turk si.
8P1RITCALH»M.
THOMAS OUELLETTE; special life readings
2.V- absolutely free unlecs correct: full
names given. 34 ?lxth St.. rooms 10 and 12.
CONSULT A. CRICKSON. spiritual medium,
clairvoyant and magnetic healer: life read-
Ings dally. 10 to 5. 100 McAllister, rm. 9.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
jfc : tittlnrg. 1000 Harrison »t.. cor. Sixth.
ATTENTION — Note Prof. Fred ISvatis* ad un-
der head of Sun. meetings. Office 1112 Eddy.
MRb J. J. WHITNEY, trance cialrvoyant,
bti*lne*a medium and life reader. 416 Turn.
EDWAKb EARLE. 1052 Elite, reading* dally.
9:30 to 4: ceances Sunday and Ttursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A~I CALL~AT "ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
i The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant anil
Pairr.lst Ev»r In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make you no charge If I fall to tell your
r.aaif. occupation and what you call for; I
promise to tell you whether husband. xrlf,« or
sweethesrt is true or false: to teil whom and
when you will marry: In fact. I will tell you
every hope fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself. He reatorea loet affections
reunites the separated, causes speedy and
happy marriages makes you succe»sful and
prosperous cures disease and lost vitality
mithout niedicine. locates hidden treasures;
I hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sundays 2 to S.
! 328 O' Fan-ell St.. 828.
ATTENTION^ *1 $1 •i£ i »*f 1 *H *£
My regular *3 Reading This Week fcr
! $1 $1 *1 $1 »1 $1 **
; rr.OFESSOR paul destine.
; Th« Flrct Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In Sar. Francisco.
I I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
i to make no charge if I fail to tell your
! name, occupation and whi* you called for; I
I promise to tell you whether husband, wile or
i sweetheart •* tr-e or false; teil you whom
and when you will marry; In fact. I will tell ,
you every hope, fear or ambition better thaa
you can tell; I Improve your character so
that you will reach the highest puasrlblo de- \
¦ velopment in mrntal vigor, health, happi-
ness and capacity to earn wealth: so you
will live happy and contented the rest of
! your life: mediums developed: hours 10 a. in.
to S •>. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 328 O'Farrell
St.— SJ*^ ¦
i MMeTm~BERNARD THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nency located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bids.; she reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events U>
occur In the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, coneult this
rreat Tr.edlum and ycu will be to'.d how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of llf*-' 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
' ISMAK. the Esyptlan gypsy, clairvoyant and
1 palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
! ct cor' Turk; private readings daily. . 10 a.
m " to 5* p. m. ; readings by mall as Mtlsfao-
I tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
lull life $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth'; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money crder or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future:
ladles 50c: rents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 SO. 12« Turk st.
j MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clatr. and palm.;
she hat. second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
gives names; L. 50c. G. $1; 3 questions by
mail. $2; hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklln.nr.O.G.
Mrs V. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a ehort time only: when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Qrcve.
MRS. L EHRHORN. clairvoyant, palmistry:
rir. Pun.. Wed. & Fri.. S p. m.. 10c. 631
Linden ave.. near Buchanan Et. __^
A Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
MMK PEVAS- Scientific palmist and astrolo-
; g1»t. Palm readings $L 139 Post St.
i OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
I 2<;U Kearny. room 20; ladles 2r>c. gents 50c.
i MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25e:
j pents 5Oc. Mission st.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
| MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents V)c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st. j
i MRS SHAFER clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44S^i Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
~ DEXTISTS.
'' DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh j
No charge for extracting when plates ar«
i made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per eet: extracting, 50c; gas given.
i A NEW plait — The Whal^bcne — cannot break:
warranted SO yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates. f5; %n set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
) GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2: no
; pain: open Sunday. Pr.O.B.Hewm.20* Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
: Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c :
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. IMS Mission st.. cor. 6th.
j DRESSMAKERS A.XO SEAMSTRESSES
i McDOWELL Drebsmaklng and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
I1YEING AND CLEAXIXG.
EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankeu.
Uce curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Work*. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 4f>3. H. K1CKMAN. prey.
EDUCATIONAL.
A CALDWELL College ol Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in tbe West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day ts. evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. '-4 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
| languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sections; illus. catalogue free. !
EAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar- '
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab*
lUhed 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest. most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping: typewriter at home free. :
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar- i
sh'p, $00; day and evening besslons.
CALIFORNIA Business College, S05 Larkin su ;
"A thorough echool": positions secured for
j graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
i HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
i dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
i between Pine and California; both adult ani
i ' children'* classes are now open for the season.
' HEALD'S fcchool of Mines & El«ctriclty,24 Post
rt.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Bcrll u School of Languages has removed
to 1OU0 Van Ness ave. ; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, eiec., min., mecn., sur-
vey, aeoay. cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
i der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gat? aves..S.F. ; fills every requiremnt
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
El. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory; letgons 7Sc and $1. 34B Golden Gate.
GUITAR accompaniment taught. 304A Turk
street.
' AT KlnKsland Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Halght St., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOX'S. 424 Pine Bt N'lght class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or OH Paint-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter et.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.lith.
Chicago Husiners College. 1435. Market. nr.lOth.
Pitt man shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $S mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
, GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese - Chinese employment office: fur-
. nithe?! best help; contracts for farm help, etc,
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42ti Powell. Tel. Main 5762.
, A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 413
Stockton; tel. Grant IBS: expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 41 1»£ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
'¦ RELIABLE Japanese-Chlnet>e Employment Of-
flee; all fclnda» help. 315 Stockton; Main B1S8.
; CHIXEGE and Japanese help; ertab. 2O years.
Ttfl. Main 139". BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
L.MPLOV3IKVr WANTED—FEMALE.
AN elderly woman desires position to cook
. for a small family or aa adult nurse; no
washing. Please call at 140 Seventh st
room B.
COMPETENT woman wishes a place to do
housework; is kind to children: will do some
washing. Apply 112 Tchama «t.. off Second.
. A RESPECTABLE .Sv.-edlsh tvoruan wishes
; woik by the day. washing or cK.-a.nlng. Ad-
; drc-FS C. S.. 127 Second st.
• YOUNG girl 17 years of a^e would like to take
; care of a child and do light housework. Box
2461. Ca.ll ofn>'
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con. _
MURRAY & READY,
PHONE MAIN 5848. 6S4 and 63S Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT * LABOR AGTS.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing
•very position segregated under departments,
ready for distribution 7am.; also noon and
evening editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
TOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1802 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
WE SHIP YOtT FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL
Ogden. Utah. All Parts Nevada.
Lo* Angeles County.
Oregon. Wlllits. Ukiah.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY.
And Ail PoJnts North East, South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fencw
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers.
Chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters. la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiter* black-
smiths, etc.. $5. $1. $3 50 $3. $2 50.' $2 day.
Free Fare! Free Fare: Free Fare!
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going, j
Are Tou? Are Tou? Are You?
MURRAY & READY.
CM and 636 Clay st.
865 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2. $2 SO and $3 day. All clause, of
work. Come, see. ,
150 Italians. $2 25 day.
Tou board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away, $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters, Willits, Ukiah, free
fare. $67 60. '
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On- every train we ship to 8. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs:
also section hands. -
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
1*6 teamsters and ax men. $75.
187 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $R7 BO.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $C0. $75 t'ounl.
96 miners and timbermen. $90 found.
186 quarrymen. also drillers. $92 t > $90.
96 carmen, furnace men. $75.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 found.
•IS milkers, buttermakers, $30. $35 $40 found
156 harvest hands, hay balers, J2 50. $3 cay.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to jfJO
and found. »
J6 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brickyards. $35 to $10 fou.nJ
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Cl^r st.
„ : u WHERE ARE THEY?
55 lumber trust syndicates
Located in Four " States.
Managers here^ Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
»85 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
188 experienced mill and yard men. $10 to
$150 and found.
383 woodchoppers. $40 to $150 and found.
386 woodchoppers. tiemakers, shingle post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
2J5?- J' .. MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 63G Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY. ~ ~
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches hay
presses, etc. $70. $60. $50. $40 $30 found;
very few men to cook for: no women there
4 cooks for different mines. $70, $65 $50
$40 found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants cafes saloons
etc.. $70 to $40 found
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $C0 found.
9 porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found
R6 dishwashers, etc., city and all parts of
California. $40 to $25 found.
12 butchers, different jobs, $33 to $60 found.
fi bakers. 5 helpers. $35. to $50 found.
IS boys to learn trades and work in factories
$6 to $12 week.
COOK. NEVADA. $50; FARE PAID.
Baker, country shop, fare $3 $50; helper, $25
MURRAY & READY. KU-63G Clay st. '
16 BLACKSMITHS and helpers, located every-
where. $90 to $45 and found.
Also 96 other different mechanics; come see.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICE. " ~ '
We want 8603 men not advertised for; come
see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT BY PHONE & LETTER.
' READ CAREFULLY EVERY LINE.
Cook, lunch counter. 10c fare. $40 and fd.
Butcher, ranch, fare $3 60. $10 and found.
Butcher, shop, Sonoma Co.. $35 and fount!.
Baker, shop, Sonoma Co., S50 and found.
Farmer and wife, ranch. 10c fare, extra good
job, $50 and found.
Cooper for wine tanks, bos* h*re. fare $3 50:
$105.
12 men, different hay press jobs. $4 ro $j day
2 waiters, same place, fare $150; $3 week
and room.
Cook, hotel, fare 30c: plain ib-**'. ,'ib. $60 fd.
20 men; anybody will do, pi:k prurws; fare
$1 60. $3 ton.
15 laborers, gold mine: fare $3 50: $75.
•4 laborers, city, good foundry. $2 25 day.
Wlnemaker, vineyard, big wages; alsa 2
farmers for same vineyard, etc.; you'll suit;
$2 day. board In hotel.
12 laborers, force work. North Shore, fr»e
fare; $67 5O.
WAREHOUSE— FARE $1.
12 laborers; no experience wanted: $3 day.""
IN BUTTE COUNTY: $3 FARE.
FOREMAN GRAIN RANCH; $50 found.
20 ITALIANS; FREE FARE.
For Los Angeles. Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obispo.
ARIZONA. 000 MILES.
TO-DAY TO ARIZONA. S '
Cement finisher. $4 50; machine hand, fur-
niture factory. $2 50 day; 2 bench hands,
planing mill. $3 50; bark peeler, fare $1. $40
and found; tinsmith. $3: leverman, dredger,
boss here. $€0 and found: 16 hay balers. $3
to $3 day: boys for wholesale druggist. $1S
to $35; coachmen, gardeners, etc.
Machinist country winery. $40 and found.
TOGETHER. BUTTER MAKER
and milker, fare paid. Inyo Co.. $70 found.
2 boys, little experience, city machine shop.$!>.
3 milkers, steady Jobs year round. $35 found.
3 steady farm hands year round. $30 found.
Gardener and coachman, fare 25c. boss here,
$25 and found.
Milker, run separator. Madera Co.. $->5 fd.
16 boys, city factories and stores. $20 found.
$4 week up.
2 spool tenders. S«0; 2 log loaders. *9O.
3 laborers, lime quarry, fare $1. $67 50.
6 laborers, extra good mine, fare $1 25. $«O.
Choreman. city, private residence, ?30 found.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BEST WAGES AT 634-636 Pay st.
~ STILL THEY COME.
MORE
SPECIALS.
Deckhand, dredger, fare $1. $40 and found.
3 farmers, south. $35 and found.
Camp cook, R. R-, Nevada, free fare. $60
to $75 and found.
r>O fruit pickerp. large ranch, long job. $.10 fd.
2 young men. factory, near city, learn trade,
$9 a week.
Portera, city hotels, $30 and found.
Flour packer, near city. $4 day.
5 carmen, cold mine. $75.
5 muckers, same mine. $75.
Man to run donkey engine and saw, $2 day.
3 men, dry yards. Yubu Co.. board In hotel.
10 carpenters, country Job. $00.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C6 Clay st.
LOOK. MEN!
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS; FARE $3.
12 carpenters, plain work. $9o.
15 laborers to help them and do other work,
$67 50: steady, good Jobs for Americans.
WATEK ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.
15 laborers no experience wanted. $87 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay at.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIAN 8.
36 laborers Humboldt Co.. Lumber Co.: man-
ager at our office: $35 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-B36 Clay St.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters for vineyard and wine co.. $40 fd.
4 carpenters, lumber co.; fare $3: $75 fd.
4 carpenter*: all same work; 50c fare; plain
work: $3 to $3 BO.
25 carpenters; big Tt. Tt. Job: $9O. ''..
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAT
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit. >
*l FEE. $1 Fare.
FRUIT $30 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY. $.°.O found. TO- DAY.
1 Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go, come
back with $!M) to $12O. We ship NORTH-
EAST, SOUTH; alsa many to the great
wineries.
MURRAY & READY. G34-63S Clay st.
~ $5,000,000 BANKING TRUST. -
4 teamsters. 4-horse, steady Job year round.
$10 and found.
2 handy men about orchard, vineyard; you'll
suit. $30 and found.
4 plain carpenters, few tools will do, $40 fd.
Foreman, grain ranch, to start with $50 and
found. Increase.
President of bank at our office: see him.
MURRAY & READY, OGl-GO'J Clay «t-
HELP WANTED — MALE — Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Office.
429 Bush St.... W2 Clay st.
.SPECIAL SHIPMENT. NO OFFICE FEE.
2 carloads laborers, hammersmen. ..$2. $2 25
Company's work, Nevada Board $4 50
TO-DAY. MONDAY ONLY— FREE FARE.
SHIP TO-NIGHT (MONDAY)
FOR NEVADA.
FREE FARE FREE FEE
FREE FEE FREE FARB
Extra, gang for Tracy $1 70
Section gang for San Jose $1 60
Office fee $1.: FREE FARE.
• FOR CHICO, BUTTE CO.. CAL.
Diamond Match Company.
Teamsters,' laborers, rockmen...$2 25. $2 B0.
Special rate fare $2 80 Ship To-day.
Office Fee $1.
•Big Flume and Ditch.
Rough carpenters, hammersmen.... $2 50, $3
Laborers $2 25
Special rate fare, $3 6a Ship To-day.
Office Fee $1.
.1 cooks. R. R. camps. Free Fare $40, $65
FOR NEW WORK, EL DORADO CO.. CAL.
50 tunnelmen, laborers, quarrymen, new
work, near city, $2, $2 25 day; choreman,
ranch, $30; coachman and gardener, private
place, $30; lumber pliers, $52 found; fruit
pickers. $1 day found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, relief cooks, fryers, broilers, bakers,
bakers' helpers, vegetable cooks, waiters,
housemen, porters, potwashers, dishwashers,
pantry men. silver men, bell, elevator boys,
others, $20. $75; mangle boy, country hotel,
MS found; fre« fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...Employment Office.
429 Bush st 542 Clay st.
AN errand boy who lives with his parents for
this office; good chance for advancement.
C. H. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
•Xz
SPECIAL TO-DAY.
20 men to build fences along railroad In
Nevada $2 25 a day.
SHIP TO-DAY.
FREE FARE FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
Branch Office. &42 Clay st.
6 MORE laborers for mill and woods, $40 and
found, fare paid; man and wife, private fam-
ily. $40 and found; 3 gardeners, $30 and $35
and found; 2 men about place, $30 and found;
asristant gardener, $25 and found; milker,
$35 and found; fruit picker, $1 25 per day
and found; errand boys, $20; all-around
laundry man for Institution, $40 and found;
miners, laborers, quarrymen, woodchoppers
and many others at good wages. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER. $35 and found; cook and wife. $60:
cook for resort, $55 to $60; cook for insti-
tution, $55; restaurant third cook, $50;
pastry cook and baker, .$60; boarding-house
ccoks, $35 and $10; waiters, bell boys, silver-
men, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
.SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Pant« operators: union workshop;
union wages. Apply 27 Geary st.. S. N.
WOOD & CO.
A THOROUGHLY competent clothing sales-
man; none other need apply. S. N. WOOD
& CO.
WANTED — Clothing salesmen. Apply 8. N.
WOOD & CO., 740 Market st.
WANTED — A first-class cutter. Apply S. N.
WOOD *: CO.. 740 Market st.
BARBERS, I wish to buy a good paying, well
located barber shop, running not less than
four chairs. Box 4129. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, r'. $1 and
$1 5O pair; foot-lorm shoes at $2 bO; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
LUNCH waiter. 1769Vi Mission st.
WANTED — Man' to wash dishes. 212 O'Far-
rell st.
A GOOD steady barber. 143 Larkin st.
A GOOD bootblack at union wages. 947 Fill-
more St., cor. McAllister.
DISHWASHER for small restaurant; $8 week,
half day Sunday. 2585 Market, near lfith.
WANTED — Young man to do stable work; give
references. Box 1131, Call office.
RESTAUTIANT butcher wanted. 115 Third
street.
WANTED — A good cook for a first-class hotel
in country. Call at 616 Clay st. '
BARBER shop for aale; 2 chairs: new out-
fit; must sell at once. 2S0f» California st.
BARBER shop for sale; 4 living rooms; cheap
rent; 3 years' lease; make offer. 229 Hayes,
GOOD paying barber shop for sale account of
leaving city; very reasonable. 1541 Geary st.
WANTED — For the U. .S. Marine Corps, able-
boc.ied. unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In ali parts of tbe world, on land tn our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222*6 N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K at.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED— Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examiner
buUdlng. ' -
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 26c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Half or whole Interest In good
paying barber shop by an expert all-round
artist; reference gvlen. Address box 91, Fow-
ler. Cal. _^
WANTED — Young 'man to teach little boys In
return for board and assistance In his stud-
ies. Write or call after 6 p. m. on H. C
COONLEY. 1017 Clay St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and lab^ers.
Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco Construction Company.
ERRAND boys wanted. MARKS BROS.. 1220
Market st.
YOUNG grocery clerk, with city references.
1425 Octavla st.
WANTED — Good shoemakers for repairing.
236^4 East at.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house; state
age and experience. Box 2-138, Call office.
GOOD solicitors, city and country; $5 a day
| easy. Pacific Novelty Co., 620 Bryant st.
WANTED — A tailor on coats. 520 KearnyT
upstairs, first floor, room 1.
WANTED — Driver for bakery with experience.
Apply, giving reference, 1035 Market st.
YOUNG man to learn underpresslng on vests;
ste>.dy work. Apply 27 Geary st.. top floor.
YOUNG men for Australian ships; also sailors.
at HERMAN'S. 26 Stauart st.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. A
CO., 24 Sutter st.
BARBERS— First-clans 4-chalr shop; nearby
town; modern: estab. 8 years. 2460. Call.
- •
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary teamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart at.
• HELP WASTED — FBBtALB— Co». _
A COOK for sanitarium. $40; *»««*; ¦£*£?
ond girl for small family In Mare Is.and.
$25;. a second girl for San R*'" 1 - g- : a
cook for American family in city. $35. a
girl for housework. 2 In * am "y- I 3 "'* 0
waitresses for city hotel* and
houses, $25 and $20; 20 hou^^i Ki L^l
city and country, $25-$2O. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 42S Sutter. cear Powell.
A WORKING housekeeper for 2 gentleman in
city; must cook well; wages f80.- Call at
MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.-
TALENTED amateur performer*. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no objtot.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew buttons on
shirts- by hand; steady work. LEVI
STRAUSS * CO.. 36^ Fremont «t.; take ele-
vator; see Mr. Hensbaw.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work: highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on " fruit; steady
employment; day and piece ,work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
BRIGHT, energetic woman to canvass and
take orders for Cof-farin. a delicious and
nourishing cereal coffee; awarded gold medal
by California State Exposition; salary and
commission. Cof-farin Co., , 400 Jackson st.
ACTIVE, neat young woman to learn to carry
empty dishes off tables In restaurant: first
v/eek. $3; second, $4; third. $3; fourth, $6 and
board; chance to learn waiting; also experi-
enced lunch and dinner waitress. 725 Markt.
STENOGRAPHER; must be first class book-
keeper: apply In handwriting only; excep-
tional refe. req.; salary $100; also graduate
bus. college, well recom'ded. Box 2479, Call.
WANTED— First-class thoroughly experienced
cloak and suit saleswoman. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Salesladies for laces, ribbons,
gloves at STRAUSS & FROHMAlfS. 107
Post st. -
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced saleslady
to take charge of veiling department.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED — Pants operators: union workshop;
union wages. Apply 27 Geary st , S. N.
WOOD & CO.
GIRLS — About IB. for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS,
100 Sacramento st.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking;
3 adults; no window cleaning; very email
washing; $25. Call 2721 Clay st., Monday.
EXPERIENCED operators and learners on
muslin underwear. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.,
695-507 Mlfslon st. _^____
WANTED— Competent cook; good wages;
small family; city references required. 1240
O'Farrell st.
A GOOD vest finisher; also girts u> learn vest
. finishing; steady work. Apply 27 Geary St.,
top floor.
WANTED — Pants finishers, union shop and
union wages. Apply at 27 Geary st.. S. N.
WOOD & CO.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller *O '
YOUNG girls to work on gloves; wages from
start. CARSON GIX>VE CO., 123 Second et.
OVERSTITCH sllker on gloves; permanent po-
sition. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking; wages $30; refer-
ence. 1227 Geary st.
WANTED — Girl for light housework: wages
$12. Call mornings, 3824 Army St.
A YOUNG lady able to hand and machine sew.
B. PASQUELE CO.. 128 Geary at.
WOMAN for general housework. Apply 82
Waller St., Monday; good wages.
LADY piano player for country; must be
singer. Apply room 6, Hancock - House.
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with Rlngllng's
show; must be stout. Box 2430, Call.
A NURSB girl to take care of a baby. French
Laundry. 12S3 Pacific st.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to ». office 53,
Columbian building, 916 Market st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT CALIFolRNTr^EM^L^Y^nSN^AGENCY'.
59 3d st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work;
new job; $2 a day; $18 board.
We ehlp every day. Free fare.
HOPS. HOPS. HOP PICKERS.
We ship Sunday, Monday and Tuesday: pay
$1 per 100; fare' $1 50; fee $1; 60 men and
women.
FRUIT PICKERS.
20 fruit plckere. $30 a month and hoard.
10 young men packing-house. $30 and board.
Fare 50c; 3 months' work.
' ." ranch i«amstcrs $32 60 a month and board.
10 laborers, near city, factory, $2 25 a day.
SAWMILL AND WOODSMEN.
2 timber fellers $t»0 and board.
.1 barkers $45 and board.
2 crosacutters $50 and board. -
2 lookouts, $40 and board.
, 2 waterbucks. $10 and board.
10 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
10 men for Humboldt County to pile lumber.
$40 and board; fare advanced.
Butcher country shop. $60 a month.
Cook ' country hotel, $40 and found.
10 laborers Humboldt County, ship to-day,
* fare advanced. $35 and found. .
« laborers factory, near city. $2 25 a day.
. S laborers, city. $2, a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
WANTED Handy young man for all around
work in lunch place. JOHN MOLL.ER,
southeast cor. Fremont and Mission sts.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam, bid.
GOOD bootblack; none other need apply. 34
Fourth et.
HELP WAXTED--3ULE— Coa.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
.320 Sacramento st.. 320.
Fhone Main Ilqi. Cor. LeiicsdorfT st.
STEAMER SAILS THIS MORNING
STEAMER SAIUS THIS MORNINO.
CALL EARLY— CALL EARLY
and go to ASTORIA. OREGON, on Columbi*
River, near PORTLAND.
Company work; no strike; no discount.
25 laborers. J'i 25 day. •
25 rcx-kmfn. *2 50 day.
Good board, oiv.y jt week. * FEE 91
fVery cheap lart. Bis crowd so'ng
to ASTORIA. Are you?
We are the enly office that ships.
FREE FARE to "WIULITS. CKIAH ROCTT!
23 laborers and tcan:«t ers . |- day FtoSI
NEW CAMP. FREE FARE. N & R. R.
30 laborers. $2 25 day. w ee t\
10 laborers, woods work, no-th $S5 fd"
« teamsters, larxe ranch. £ir> m
BUTTE CO.. CHICO. HALF FARE. Fe» St.
2R teamsters, laborers and rockmen, $87 :o
DIAMOND MATCH COS OWN WORK.
STERLING.
Hair fare. 25 woodchoppers. II ir> t > r
50 laborers, trackmen and sptkfrs. $2 to %Z 50
day: ship to-night.
10 miners, south, cheap fare. |75.
FREE FARE. Hl'MBOLDT OX FREE
FAKE.
ITALIANS. ITALIANS!.
25Ita!lanj». railroad work in woods fcr lars*
sawmill. $C5 fd.
6 tunnelmen. $75: 5 tunnelmen. *S2 50; m
muckers. $6O to $67 B0. free far*: »ome S
hours; 100 laborers all over tor dlfTaren.t Jobs.
$2 to $2 25 day, some free fare, for mines.
railroad and other work; 3 choremen, private
places. ?30 fd.
RENO. NEVADA. S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN'
WORK.
25 laborers, $2 day. **»•*• Far*.
Ship to-day. 'Fee. $1. ' Nevada.
20 fruit pickers. Santa Clara Co. If you want
to pick fruit, etc.. thl3 Is the best fruit
county In the State. Fee. $1. Santa CUra
Co.. $26 and found.
15 farmers. $30 fd.: blacksmith, ranch. $v)
fd.; 2 blacksmiths' helpers; donkey engineer.
woods, $40 fd. : 300 laborers, lumber pUers.
crosscut sawyers, screw setters, dosrsers. S4s-
¦ kiyou, Shasta. Humboldt. Meodoclno. Sonoma,
Fresno. Tuolumne counties.
2 section foremen. S. P. R. R, Co.. south.
Pattern maker, sawmill. $4 day.
3 coal miners, south. $75 to *S- 50.
Bed maker. I*- Co.'s boarding-house, $3O M. :
cooks, waiters and dishwashers, city and
country. Call and see us.
JKm other Jobs not advertised. Call and rend
our bulletin boards, also jtet a free list of Job*
at the PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Phone Main 1191. 520 Sacramento st.. comer
Leidesdorff, San Francisco.
TRY oar men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 80, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Eiam. bids.. 5 doors from Market.
PKNSION atty. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelaa
bide. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 70O rooms, 33c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and bareaare to ari from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! an*
subscriptions has been established at 1CSH
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22O0 Flllmore.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, ha. I
price- S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23o
to BOc 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and Sd »t».
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR SALE^ — Horses. 9 head good ones, work-
ing and driving: all warranted; one fine driv-
ing horse; no trading or Jockeying. Corner
Second st. and South Park^
SECOND-HAND wire wheel buggy and Jo*
cart. Victoria. Brewster coupe, surrey, phae-
ton, tandem cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'3. cor-
ner Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
I ON account of going to build, entire stock cf
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia gta.
FOR sale — Doctor's Stanhope phaeton: as good
as new. At ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
TWO second-hand wagons cheap, one laundry
' and one grocery, at 570 Howard st.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050.
Call office.
8 GOOD horses for sal? cheap. 327 Sixth st.
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good hors*
more than price. 473 Valencia st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. S2S Harrison st.
AI EXPRESS wagon, light camping wago.i
and (roeart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOl'SES TO LKT.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN' A HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES TO LET— BTRMSHED.
TO let — Handsomely 'furnished house of 24
rooms and 3 bath rooms, including parlor,
library and billiard room; Sutter St.. near
Van Ness ave. Apply to MADI3ON A
BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 8 rooms; very
sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
SUNXT detached house, fully furnished. 9
rooms: Western Add.: lease. Box 2473, Call.
~~ HALLS TO LET.
VAN NESS ave.. 31S — Large basement wlta
dance floor: suitable for priv. dancing school.
LOST AKD FOUND.
LOST— A purse containing $72 and a gold
medal awarded to Cof-farin Co. for the best
cereal coffee by the California State- Exposi-
tion. A liberal reward will be paid for th»
return of the medal to Cof-farin Co., 400
Jackson st.
LOST — On the train that arrived at Third and
Townsend about 4:2O d. m.. a !adjr*s chate-
laine purse containing card with name Rob-
ert E. Cochran and small purse with $35 In
gold. . Return to 735 Lagana st. : reward.
LOST— Black wrist bag containing $33 check.
2 $5 pieces, silver, baggage and 2 pictures;
also railroad ticket. Reward If returned to F.
W. CONFER, care Sanborn. Vail & Co.
LOST— Lady's watch attached to black sl!!e
cord with fob chain and gold ring; liberal
reward. S P. CO.'S agent. Corbin station.
via West Berkeley.
LO3T — A passbook with the Hibernia. Savin**
and Loan Society of San Franciaco. In th»
name of MICHAEL J. FORTUNE. No. 24«.-
134. The finder will please return to bank.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchan»a
sts. Return to Dramatic Review orHca. 24
Geary et.
$10 REWARD— Lady's purse, containing two
rings, watch keys and owner's cards; lost
Saturday. 22d. Return 1156 Scott st. ¦
LOST — Black Gordon setter puppy. Return to
1024 Pace st. ; reward.
LOST— Lady's black chain purse in Golden
Gate Park; reward. 6C9 Taylor st.. upstaira.
LOST— Small black silk and bead curse con-
talnlng valuable ring. Reward at 2281 Oreen.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
: rold and silver to make p«w w;*cn casea.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all ferr.a!*
complaints: relief guaranteed; ..0 years ex-
perience; removed to S2G Post St.. abov*
Leavenworth^
MUS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
inale troubles and ties: instant re-
lief guaranteed^! COSH Market St.. opp. 5tn-
DR. G W*~O : DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female,
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed° advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS D ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable Ud>v
SDeclallat- a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low tees.
DR ROSEN moved to 2993 Folsom st.. cor.
26th; relief $10; ladles* exclualve office.
Dts Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr.Van Ne«s— Expert
In obstetrica. female comp. :25 yrs. experience.
DR a-d Mf'.S. L'.WIKS and HINDOO HERiiji;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market «t.
DB KG TOY KEK. 319 Towell at., opposite
Union square: all dlyeaiieg cured by herte*.
~ . BUltLI.MSMY.
Ladles' imported A tailored hats Just in; call:
u-ict-s low to start them going: frames nud«
to tit th- fnee. MME. POS'.II. 2<-7 f>at su
MISt-'KLLA.NEOfS FOR SALE.
BOILERfc. engines, 2d-hacd machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAX. 1U5-I97 Fremon: «L
DOES YOUR ROOFLEAK? '
Repair it with eiatetu*: In rolls easy to lay:
need* no painting or coatin* good over o'.\\
iron, tin or shingles.: test for new roof*,
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71S Market *\.
A— Fine suits. $7 5O: dress pants. $2 80. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush: ODen to 9 o. m> Sunday to aoui.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Maiket and Third streets: open
tr.til 12 o"dc-k liuy night la the year.
EIIAXCH OFFICES— £27 Mjnrgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 'J:GO p. m.
SOO Hayes etrrel: open until 9:30 p. m.
Ci» McAllister street: open until »:30 p. m.
flS Larkin *treet: open until 0:30 p. tn.
1941 Mirsloa ttree:: open until 10 p. m.
t^61 Market street, ccrcer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
503«> Valencia street; <^pen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner ¦* Tweniy-SKrcnd and Ken-
tucky etreers; cper. until » p. m.
22fift Xii!:rf>re street: open until 0 p. m.
MEETING ,>OTICK>.
fAN FRANCISCO Chapter So. 1. Royal O
Arch Masons, meet* THIS EVEN- W
UfO. It. A. d.rice. /?>
W. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodg- No. 22. F. and A. »
M. nierts THIS (MONDAVI AFTER- VV
NOON tt 2:."5O o'clock; also in th* /Y\
rvfnir.K fct 7:30 O'clock. Third de-
crtf-. Muster Makers cordially invited. Bjr
•¦>rd«-r of the Muster.
VTALTEB O. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KlN'i (SOUOUOire I^-iBe No. 9B0. F. «
Hr.-I A M.. 1KW Kilimore H.-fM-YY
.i!i,1 .'..?sree THl^ EVENING at 7:3o/VN
.-¦•clock. HARBY BAHHE. ?<^
W ALH ALLA Encampment N.i. 7. 1. O. jJl J9
0 F.--The officer* ai>d the lur.cral^^VA"
committee ot th.? above enc-arnpmer.t XV
are hereby notified to assemble at/ N
Odd Pellom' Hall, crrrer Market and
Seventh sts., on MONDAY. Auxu-t 31, at
1:30 o'clock r. rn.. for the purpctt- of at-
tending the funeral of our !att lrother and
ratriarch EDWARD ROTGEX. By order
FRED L, HORX. Ch. P.
CHAS. QUACT. Financial Scribe.
THE oftiie!> and members of Oer- ,o»<j9gMfc f
rrsnia ]-*«:- No. !1«. 1 O. O. F - • rijrSI'&a
1 re htrel requested to a.v->'rnh:»
*t Odd reilows' Hall TO-ilOR- -oBKWt
rii\V (Mondayl at 1 :¦*.<> o'clock to attend the
funeral c! our late brother. E. ROTGER.
CHARLES KL'KRE. X. G.
T'Al "I. STRAt'KH. Secretary.
Af.iiM" UA.\ViJI).
AGENTS wanted in every town to sell Cof-
tarto. theTlest cereal cofTet «ji the market;
p.m'aj-ded »roM medal by California State Ex-
poetUeu: exceptional opportunity 'or btigrht,
enrra-'tic parties wUh snail ca;-ltaJ to estab-
Vtft a. proStatle bus-ir.<-s5: exclusive territory.
Cof-farin Co.. 400 .I.m. kJ-.T. st.
ATYOKNEVS-AT-LA\V.
~T^~ ~ ADVICE FREE
COLL" MBI AN LAW AGENCY
Ilm 83. »16 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
llors attended to; attachments; corporations
irganized: civil and criminal practice.
r.OBT W KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid .
rm 'fill: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free- r.o advance charges; call or write; even-
ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AUYICK irei — I *iil advance cott in meritori-
ous cates. divorces, probate s/id all other law
cases: r,o fees In advance: every even- |
Ing. J. M. YHCRSTON. «>»» Market st.. r. 31.
ADVICE ire* divorces a specialty ;qutck. quiet ;
no charpe vlthuut success ; established 16 yrs. j
G. W. HOWE. 112^ Market St.. opp. Kale's. .
AITKKN A: A1TKEN. attorney*, rs. SCO- 10-1 L j
Ciunie bldg.. SC3 California *t.: tel. Main 7"t.
AT 'VICE free: all cases; open ovenfngs. M.
L. RYAN. £5<> Market st.. cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOING lalKir.jf parrots. *3 fach;Cermaa singing ,
.-an-iritf. $2. ut will try to please you: every-
tiiir.s in our line at r'.ght prices. IMP Marlret.
uLM^L:^s chances.
WELL-EcTABLISHED paying butcher buei- :
r»t«s tor »siiie; party desires to soil owing to ill !
lietlth; invoice ?2»><iO: shop fixtures, slaughter j
house, delivery waxons. etc.: butmees is i» ]
* prosperous to»a. Box 2*17, Call. j
RESTAURANT— $1130— VALLEJO. CAL.
Centra! location: rent reasonable; 48 chairs
upper floor; 2j chairs ground rtocr; average '
net profit per month ?l.V». J. If. HARVEY.
511 Market St., from 2 to 3 p. ra.
OPPORTUNITY for experienced '.Iquor man as
co-worker and prospective stockholder in well
fttablUhed liquor house. Applicants give age.
experience, references. Address boi 520.
Macrair.er.to.
%V£> — PARTNER, steady and sobeV, in* Road
(a.xing business, to tend store and take
• •nance of cash counter. SOS Folsom et.
*,Vi<» fil'YH paying corner saloon to-day; ad-
joining factory 1000 men employed. 14 14th.
PHOTO studio in city; 15.000 good-paying neg-
atives; cither int- restsfdrma-nd m> attention;
no !ta<> for trinen*. Box 241V4.- Call.
KCR sale or rent— Fully equipped, modern,
paring hospital in Southern California city.
Address I'. O. box 457. San Bernardino.
BRANCH bakery, laundry office, cigars, sta-
tionery, notions for sale at less than invoice
price; good paying stand. 1007 1* Mkt.. rm.L
.VT1VE, reliable partner for fine paying office
I'Ufinees: good income assured; ?i."25 cash re-
quired: splendid oham-e. lf-O7>4 Market, rm. 1.
F"R SALE — An inside route on this paper.
For particulars apply at office.
f-.-.o — FINE little oyster and chephouse; no op-
position; clear* MO. .'»5 Third rt., room 1.
A taker v; delicacy; all store trade; $25 a day;
price J:'oO; no acentc 715 McAllister st.
LODGING-UOLSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. WiH Market Ft., cor. KtocUton.
rilONE JOHN 531.
27 YEARS SELLING UOCSBS In this city.
Se» the followinc barirains:
1» 100m*; Folsom rt.; full of roomers. |2CJ
7 ro"m<>; r.Knlcrn flat; fine furniture.. 2oO
s room*: nearly lurr.i*h*-d: clears $25. . 175
14 rovrrs: exchange for larger houne 600
17 rooms: 9 rooms furnished: enap SoO
*> room**; L*-avenworth St.; reduced to. 5O0
'¦'• rooxrtfc: choice location: Oakland.... "'_•'«>
12 rooms; Gesry St.; choice: transient.. 400
42 rooms: sur.r.y corner; rtnt flOO 3200
:u» rooms; sunny bay-window corner....
r<'. r<j.tnie: Miss-ion and Sixth sts.: snap. 1SO<>
12 rooms; Taj-lor St.; transient only.... 700
««» roorar; Market et. ; ofnc*-s; permanent 5500
r.2 rooms: pan house: long lease 2000
*> rooms: cost *l.V«t: a beauty; reduced. 7."0
15 n-umf. n^wly furnished; long lease. 1200
H. «". DECKER.- 904 Market, cor. Stockton.
I-ROOM houne: only $25<i: worth JSOO; must
¦ell. DECKER. >»6 Market at.
KO r.OOMS: house for men: rent $140 J4000
r* room*; south of Market: rent $100.. 2tX)0
i'4 rocms; corner; part csth: bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms: water front; rtnt $40; leaae. €50
32O rooms; good lease: low rent 65O0
67 rm*.; apartments ;We«tern Add.; rent 250
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotel* roufihouses. flats .1 to 100 room*
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
lX>n m1<- otieap.
A Rood boarding end lodging: house business
*l thf terminus of the North Shore Railroad.
t'un Rafael. Cal.; excellent oportunity for
Hi*- rirnt party. Write for particulars to
MRg. FF.RRITER. San Rafael. Cal.
CLOSE & CO.. lC.';7'i Market st.. room 1. liave
M-\'«.r*l mortgaged rooming houses whlcn
. '.si t* sold immediately ; call and examine
our Urge free list: all offers considered.
U7."><>— 27 noOMtj; 3 years' lease; rent §70;
well luvnifchod: part new; part housekeeping;
full steady roomers. MOSSMAX. S5O Maiket.
HOW are you? Goiner East; 21 rooms; rent
»Tn»; (kars JtOO. 1003 Howard st.
FOR sale— » furnish*! rooms and bath. 1079
Howard rt.
CAKPET BEATIXG AXO CLEAMNC.
AIR, lomprtsted. dry, ice cold, is now univer-
rally uted in eanltarlly cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; price* mod-
erate. Apply fi. K. COMPRESSED Allt
CLFAN1X<J CO.. Call bis-: phone ilain «K>7.
VVHL'N you oectnie dinrusted with your work
?*n<i ttr SPAULUINO'S Pioneer Carpet-bell-
ing Works. u55-.*iS7 Tehama it. ; tel. 6outh 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J McQueen,
proprietor, ¦"-¦' viuerrero ft.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY KOi'KE BROS.; excellent oarpet-beating;
mattreaeen made ever. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVAHCJf < a rp»*t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Mam a)4. CEO. WALCOM L CO.. Prop*.
}<Ul-« «LPH fc CO.. carpet-beating works; pric«*
-easooiblt-. 1T03 Harr^>oii tt. : tel.Mleslon 2tO.
I'OVKU.N'g Kjoerior Carpet-beating Works.
~£tt Oolden Oate axe.: telephone East I2tt.
CHIROPOJOISTS.
DtNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Oeary— All
¦ Hir*nrr of the fe^t carxl: corns, bunions'. etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~~~
1!A.\GHAHT A. WETEK. * ~" ~*"~~ ~~"
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room 37.
fcAL> tenants ejected tor H: collections made-
<-!ty cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* fl-TO; t»l. 5580.
COTTAGES "VO LKT.
K3 — *> ROOMS, bath, gae: 12-foot basement;
rtsb!e. 5 btalls: suitable for teamster milk
depot, 'etc 4'Cr» I'Cth St.; n^ar Sanchez.
|i*«— «-HOOM cottage to let; key at Park
Mouse. 'JJvi Fulloa st.
Our German friend, you plainly see.
fLays down the 1 law with energee.
And cannot brook that one deny
What he sets forth. Tou wonder why
He ataten hla view with such great force
And what it Is. He's right, of course.
For he declares what's known by all
There Js no paper like The Call,
And that Its ads will always bring:
The best results In everything.THE COAST RECORD.
$ K so ? ¦ 3
g '. Eg. !?_ ~3 <~ i?
¦ I Bg 33 JJ_ p* o
STATIONS. ff Kg ?3 |3 ?P ?
» e s ; • a
: ?*•?;': i ¦ I
I*''.'* * _ '
Baker .;.... ..29.00 82 48 NW Clear .CO
Carson .......29.80 80 44 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 58 B2 NW Clear .00
Fresno .......30.12 90 S3 NW. Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.86 78 62 N Cloudy ...
Independence 20.82 IX) C2 SE Clear .00
Los Angtlea... 29.86 80 56. W Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpals 29. OS 72 56 NW , Clear .00
North Head.. .30.12 60 54 S Cloudy .00
Phoenix 2a. 70 104' 74 W Clear .00
Pocatello i....2y.S6 88 52 W« Clear .00
Portland 30.04 74 62 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes...29.92 CO 48 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff ....29.84 92 .62 S Clear .00
Roseburg 30.00 TO 52 N Clear .CO
Sacramento ...20.86 90 o6 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ..20.86 »2 CO NW ' Clear .00
S. Francisco .20.96 62 60 SW Clear .00
S. L. Obtspo..29.94 78 48 W Clear .00
San Diego ..29.88 70 64 NW Clear-' .00
Seattle 30.03 08 60 SW Cloudy T.
Spokane 29.94 78 43 BW* Pt.Chly .00
Tatoosh .. 30.00 66 48 S Pt.Cldy .40
.Walla Walla..29.96 80 64 . SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.90 88 42 W Clear. '.00
Yuma .29.70 102 74 W Clear .00
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific slope,
except in Western Washington and Northern
Arizona, where it is cloudy. Light rain is re
ported from Northwestern Washington and a
thunderstorm with rain , is reported at ' Flag
staff. / ¦
The pressure has fallen over the plateau re-
Rlon and remained nearly stationary in other
The temperature has fallen slightly, along
the immediate coaet and risen slowly over the
interior. It is nearly normal throughout Cali
fronia. ¦ •
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, August 31: .
Northern ¦ Callfornla-r-Falr Monday; light
northwest wind. - . ...
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
west wind. - - • '
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
light northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
,- . ' Local Forecaster.
"When a girl thinks how worldy she
would be if. some married man fell In love
with her in spite of her coldness she can
not look at herself In the mirror without
blushln*. - - ..
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 80—5 p. m,
William I. and Hulda Behro (owners) with
Richard Fahy (contractor), architect Copeland
Peirce All work for a two-story and basement
frame building on lot on W line of Tremont
avenue, 210 S of Frederick street, 8 25 by W
80; $3050.
Elizabeth Hancock (owner) with Otis Eleva
tor Company i (contractors), . architect —
Two passenger elevators, one dumb waiter and
one hydraulic sidewalk hoist for a seven-story
bawment and attic brick building on lot on
N line of Ellis street, 77:6 W of leavenworth,
W 60 by N- 137:6; $0062. .
Same owner with Waterhouse and Price
(contractors), , architect— Elevator, grill
enclosure work and grill cages, etc., for same
on same; $1323. - ¦, •
Annie M. Leale (owner) .with George. Heal
ing (contractor), architect W. O. Banks— All
work for a three-story and basement frame
building on lot on N line of Green street, 125
W of Buchanan, W 25 by N 137:6, Western
Addition block 203: $10,722. '
AVilcox Realty Company (owners) with D.
O' Sullivan (contractor), architect Albert Pissls
Plastering and lathing for building in course
of construction on lot I on SE line of Mission
street 75 SW of Third, SW 85, SE 100, NE 5,
SE 70. NE 80, NW 170; $5085.
Builders' Contracts.
Services Are Held TJnder,the Oaks.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 30. — All Souls
Unitarian Church held services to-day in
the forest of oak trees at Isbel Grove.
The Third Artillery Band from the Pre
sidio rendered several sacred selections.
The opening service consisted of Scrip
tural selections, hymns and prayer led
by the pastor. Rev. Francis Watry. The
sermon was delivered by Rev. George W.
Stone, Held secretary of the American
Unitarian Association. : ..
Potrero Land Improvement Company to Real
Estate and Development Company, block bound
ed by Sixteenth and Seventeenth. Texas and
Missouri streets: also block bounded by Six
teenth and Seventeenth, Missouri and Con
necticut streets; also lot on NW corner of
Eighteenth and Vermont streets, W 100, >«
137:6, E 23, N to a point on S line of Marl
posa street. 02 E of Nebraska. E 10S, S 40O:
also all Interest of nrst party in Potrero Nueva
block 104; also lot on SE corner of Nineteenth
and Vermont streets, S 237:3 by E 100; also
all interest of first party in block 128; also lot
on NW corner of Nineteenth and Rhode Island
streets, W 100 by N ISO; also all interest of
first party in Potrero- Nueva block 140; also
lot on E line of Vermont street. 150 N of
Eighteenth, N 60 by E • 100; also all interest
of first party in Potrero Nueva block 123: also
block bounded by Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
Mississippi and Texas streets; also lot on SE
corner of Eighteenth and Rhode Island itreeta.
S 203:3 NE 248:5. NW 151:10. W 9:5; also all
interest of first party in Potrero \Nuova block
162- also lot on E line of Mississippi street.
114-7 N of Seventeenth, E 65:5. NE 81. NW to
E line of Mississippi street, S to beginning;
also all interest in Potrero Nueva block 307:
City and County of San Francisco to Daniol
Gallagher, lot on N line of Green street. 110 E
of Gough. E 27:6. N 275. W 45. S 137:9. B
17 Marle Wobber to N. Diers. lot on S lln» of
Sacramento street, 137:6 E of Buchanan. EJ
°3-9 by S 127:Si«; $10.
it. Dlera to Amelia S. MWHliam* (wife of
f J > same; $10. -"^ ¦"
'j W and Mary Smith to "William A- Tracy,
lot on S line of Fell street, 1S9:« E of Webster.
E Xora Fogarty to Emily Qninn (wif» of Peter
J > lot on N lino of Fell street, 76 E of FU1
more. E 24 by N 73; $10.
Citv and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam and Helena Schuldt. lot on NB corner of
Eddy and Plerca streets, E 80 by N 75: $ — -.
Robert A and Ellle Vance and Charles C.
Ewln* to Stacia Ewlng. lot on 8 line of Al
dlleftreet. 140:3 E of North Wlllard. E 20:3
'j.°"DInkelaplel to I/rois l>benbaum.
lot on S line of Clay street. 81:3 B of Scott
Str r!fc^?d 2 C by anVF^*°* A. Jones to Wll-
HnmH Crocker lot on B line of Wlllard
itJSet, i«ST5 o« Sullivan. S 50:08. E 80.24.
N MiM»aeI McDevitt to James and Llllle McDev-
Itt lot on W line of Shotwell street. 245 S of
Eighteenth street. S 60 by W 122:8: $10.
Catherine Murphy to Margaret Simpson. Jot
on E line of Church street 73 N of Twenty
second street. N 26 by E 125; $5.
John Payne to Catherine Paine, lot on S line
of Twenty-fourth street. 30 E of Bartlet:
Bt M e a\ilda i0 Sa b mu S eirwfrV°of I>av!d. to Mabel
R StoneberKer. lot on S line of Commercial
street. 25 W of Dnimm street. W 23 by S
M A 9 rchibald 8l H. Turnbull to Mary G. Brandon,
wife of F. D.. lot en NW corner of Filbert and
Montgomery streets. W 87:6 by N 37:*: $10
James A. and Margaret Fay to MAry A..
Parah Rose. Peter J.. Catherine C. and Louise
R. Fay undivided 1-7 lot on NE corner of
Vallejo and Leavenworth • streets. E 25 by N
John *M Lee to Bertha M. Lee. lot on S linn
of Sutter* strVet. 20«:3 W of Jones street. W
sf Cavin' to Ellen Masrulre. loton NW
corner of Bryant street. 115 SW of Sixth street.
NW 75 by SW 25; $10. _
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
v Mitchell lot on N line of Tolo street. 154:3
Eof Potrero avenue. E 2:9. NW 100:3. NW 27.
W 2!> SE 27. SE 1CO:3.
Real' Estate and Development Company to
Arthur F and Lewis P. Schuster, lot on E
line of Connecticut street. 100 S of Eighteenth
street S 25 by E 100: rrant. -
EM Corliss to Ada J. CorilM.lot on E line
of Seventh avenue. 375 S Of Lake street. S 25
by E 120; ,$10. -'• ' ' . 1- , _
City Realty Company to Jamea K. Frwr.
lot on E line- of Fifth. avenue. 110 S of Hugo
street. S 50 by E 120: $10
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Marearet A. Brod^'rick. lot on E llnw of Ninth
avenue 2-"> N of O stiwt. N 25 by E 100: $10.
. oorse C. and Etta H. Edwards to same, lot
on 8 line of O • street. • 100 \V of Tenth avenue,
W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Charles E. Li HUdebrecht to Theresa E.
Hlldebrecht. lot on E line of Pierce street. 141
8 of Winer street. 3 23 by E 91 :3. block 10.
Marion tract: $10.
J Frank and Marea Walters to Andrew I*.
Coliln lot ¦ on E line of Sanchez street. 300 S
nf Thirtieth street, S 25 by E 123, block 28.
Falrmount: $10. .'^JCWapEMjfaMS
Estate of Joseph F. Renner, manager, by
Henry A. Rentier. Kuardlan. to Lizzie A. M»r
ralln -undivided one-thtrd interest in lot 24.
block 41. Sunnyslde: $17,
City and County of Ban Francisco to Potr«ro
Land Improvement Company, lot on NW corner
of E!ffhte«nth (Solano) and Vermont streets.
W 66:3. N to B line of Marlposa street, at point
92 E of Nebraska street. E 108, 8 400; also
lot on SE corner of Nineteenth (Butte) and
Vermont streets, S 237:3 by E 100; also lot
on E line of Vermont street. 130 N of Eigh
teenth street, 2i^O by E 100; also lot on NW
corner of Nineteenth and Rhoda Island streets.
W 100 by N 130; also lot on SB corner or
iSlRhteenth (Solano) and Rhoda Island streets.
S 233:3 NE 24S:5. NW 151:10. to point on
Eighteenth street. 9:5 E. beginning W 9:5;
also lot on W lln« ot Missouri street. 142:10V»
N of Seventeenth street. N S7«i degrees. W 140.
NE to W Una of Missouri street, S to begin
ning, portion not already granted by city to
Marian L- da Tarente and John E. Maaon and
Georsa Hearst and A. H. Rose; also lot on
E line of Missouri street. 13S>:» N of Seven
teenth street. NE 135:5. NE to point on \V of
Texas street, 125:11 S of Sixteenth street,
along Texas street to E boundary of Pueblo
street, lands patented by United States to city.
NW along side of boundary in to E lino of
Missouri street, S along Missouri street to be
ginning, that portion with south boundary
line of Pueblo street, lands pot already granted
by city to Marian 1* da Tarente and John E.
Mason, 1051 d 34 and to George Hearst and
A. H. Rose in 13.X5 d 16 and to Robert
Watt in 1427 d 370; also intersection lot on
W line of Mississippi street and High Water
Mark Bay of San Francisco, NW to E Una of
Texas street. N to E boundary line of Pueblo
street, lands SE along Pueblo street in to
Mississippi street. S to beginning, being that
portion PN 273 within Pueblo street, land not
already granted by city to George Hearst and
A. H. Rose, 1231 d 236. to Robert .Watt. 1427
d 370; also lot on I" line of Mississippi street,
114:7 N of Seventeenth street, that right angle
to Mississippi street to E boundary line of
Pueblo street, lands thence NW along boun
dary line of Pueblo street,, lands to E line of
Mississippi nfreet, S to beginning (recorded
August 27. 10C3): J— .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Secretary Root intends to take advan
tage of the recess between the filings of
the briefs and the oral arguments to wit
ness the British army maneuvers.
LONDON, Aug. 80.— Secretary of War
Elihu Root, ex-Secretary, of State John
W. Foster,. Hannis Taylor and Judge
, John M. Dickinson arrived at Liverpool
on the Celtic to-day tor the meetings of
the Alaskan 'Boundary Commission,
which will open In London September 3.
They were received at Liverpool by Mr.
Petherick, as the United States dispatch
agent, on behalf of the American Em
bassy. The party -came directly to Lon
don and on their arrival here, were met
by Secretary Carter of the United States
Embassy.' Mr. Root registered at the
Hyde Park Hotel, while the other'mem
bers of the party established themselves
at the ; Carlton - Hotel. The Canadian
Commissioners also are here. ~ United
States Embassador Choate has arranged
to /give a dinner In honor of Secretary
Root, at which all. the American' and
British representatives will be present.
The Commissioners are already familiar
with the facts of the case, which were
filed several months ago.
.' At the first meeting. of the Commis
sioners next Thursday the Americans
and Canadians will submit their briefs,
which will be a condensation of the facts
and arguments regarding the Interpreta
tion of the treaty. The commission will
then announce the day, on which the oral
arguments will . be heard.
The documents have not yet been made
public, but the , Associated Press corre
spondent learns that the whole contro
versy centers upon Canada's effort to
acquire ah outlet to the sea. It is known
authoritatively that -the Canadian agent
asserts that under the Russo-Britlsh
treaty of .1825 the line, properly crosses
numerous Inlets, Including the head
waters of the Lynn Canal. The conten
tion seems to be that the fnlets less than
six miles wide situated in the disputed
region belong to Canada.
United • States Commissioner Foster
vigorously opposes - this view, holding
that the treaty clearly places the line
thirty miles inland, following the sinuo
sities of the coast, thus separating Can
ada from all the arms of the ooean and
putting Porcupine Creek and the gold
district under American Jurisdiction.
The American representatives are con
fident that their position is unassailable.
The Commissioners expect that the com
plete "consideration of the entire case will
take less than two months and that even
should the commission fall to render. a
majority award the facts "will be clearly
established. This will lead to an easier
settlement in the future.
Representatives of America
Are Sure Their Position Is
Unassailable.
Alaska Boundary Com
mission Will Meet
Thursday.,
(Class "H.")
City of Mexico, Aug. 27, 1903.
' ~~~~~ • - - i
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. | Prize.
156 20 308..... 40 350. J... 20
380, 200 399..... • 40.447.,*... 10O
614 ' 20 576 20 638. J... 40
837 40 973 20 1135.4... 4O
1187...... 40 1240..;.. 20 1277..... 2O
1320.. , M 40 1363..... - 20 1441 40
1474..... 20 1679 20 1768... _, 20
2026 20 2155..... 20 2170..... 20
2290..... 20 2358.^... 40 2337 4O
25351 20 2544 20 2779 100
2842..... 20 3034..... 20 3061 100
3284 20 3498..... 20 3537..... 2O
3557 40 3587 -20 3590..... 40
3598 20 8611.. "... ' 20 3617.;... 10(1
4247 20 4331;.... 20 4504 40
4602..... 20 4U0SV..-.. 20 41>S1..... 2a
4983 20 5034..... 40 6039....* 20
6191..... 40 6460 -20 5485...,. '40
C506 20 6509 20 5637 40
5770 40 r 6800..... 20 6017..... 20
6101..... 20 6147 20 6143 40
6257 '20 6377..... 40 6431 40
6499 20 6322..... 20 6354.,... 20
6610..... . 40 7112 40 7200..... 100
7237,..., 200 7264 £0 7354..... 20
7837..... 40 7914..... 20 7039..*.. 40
7994..... 40 8G31..... 20 8103..... 20
8283 40 8334.. .-..'" 100 8379..... 100
S595 20 8709..... 20 8807:.... 20
8809..... 20 8822...... 40 8061..... 40
9182..... 20 9309...;. 40,0779..... < 40
0706 20 0827 . 20 0904 200
9928:....- 40 9971..... 20 10304 20
10423..... 20 10394 ,40 10688 20
10773..... 100 10823..... 40 10827 20
10033 100 11130 20 11137 40
11140..... 100 11184 20 11194 20
11540..... 4011670 20 116S8 20
11697..... 100 11763 20 11791 200
11900..... 40 12161 40 12269 40
12394 40 12414..-*.. 40 12434 2O
12602 20 12674 100)12719 20
12768.;... 200 12778..... 100 12980 40
13330....; - 2013347..... 20113350 20
18633..... ' 20 13655 20 13773 20
13811..... 2013887 40 13956 100
14066...,. 4W14120 20114210,.... 2O
14217...*. 20 14401 20114444 20
14587 100 14590 20 14779 20
14780 40 15063 20J15102 20
1B2SS..... 4015374 20J15389 20
13303 100 15477 20 15315 20
15695. .... 2016863 40 16056 20
16203...., 100 16630 : 20 16694..... 10O
16753 ' 2016802 100 16975 2O
17031. ..I. 4017103..... 40 17194..... 4q
17199...-.: 2017251 20)17253;.. .. 40
17282..-,. 4017367..... 100 17432 40
17737 20 17867. .«.. 40 17955..... 2O
18036 40 18098..... 20 18140..... 10O
18180 40 18272 40 1S3S3 20
lS530.*ir, 4018551 40 18625 40
18632....' 20 18682 100 18868 20
18870 20 18928 4019160 20
10256...,. 20 19311 40 19354 20
19522 10019577 .'4019662 20
19682.. 2010783..... 2019969.,.,. 20
2ooo5: : : 20.2012*: ••«¦•*» sss «°°2?
20274...... 2020284..... 20120348 20
20391. .„: 100 20406..... 40120468 20
20442..... 20 20688..... .20 21067 20
21125 40 21136 40 21162 1C0
21203 40 21246 20 21470 100
21537.. .., 100 21614 20 21783 20
2 2 i 1 9 8 lo 1 -::: 6 ::::: 3!»». <°
Uoso! ! " 20 22140 20122174 200
22320 2022508 20|22573 20
•>"(5O7 .. 20i22610..... 40i22623 20
52761 : 40 23021.:,:. 20123077 200OO
23170! ..',. 20 23669..... 40|237S6 100
23790.:.:: 4023793 20123786 100
2G93i :::: 20J23961 40124013 iw>
240S8 2024324:.... 2GJ24327 1000
24437....: 2024512 20124S03 10U
24823...,. 2025151 2t5|25372 20
25438..... 40123511. .... 40 25S» 40
26552 . 2025612 40)23877.. ..." 40
25904 1002594S *>-*£* il
26234 ...."" 20J2C264 20i2«319..... 20
26403 - 40J26467 8 *
26354 20I2C927 20;27086 40
27365 20127309 20J27426 40
27663 100 27C08 20|27902 20
27000...:: 40 28006 100.2S193 40
"«/>14 20 28229..'... 4O12S319 2O
••83:«;:::. 4023435 20128454 40
28521 202H534.".... 2028622 20
28704 20S2872S 20J2SS41..-, 40
2SDC0..... 200I29148..... 40120220 20
20367 40J29411..... 40129584...., 200
29812. .... G0OI30O40 20130405. ._- 10O
S002S 20 30781..... 20:30848...;. 20
30S72 600'308i»2 20;31176. .... 40
31214 20:31277 20|31342 20
31762 20131029 20132108 20
32137 20:32208 40132229 20
32302 200!32303 2001.13183 20
229i)4 20(33079 4013T1O4 2C0
33129 20 33147 20133193 20
33256 20|33335 2_-"mOO 20
33535 40:33541 4#33557.._,. 20
S3745 - 4033708 40133888,.... .20
330S0 20'34344 20|34435 20
344S5 - 20134409 200)34610 40
34CT,9..... , 40134695 : 20134964 20
35055 40133133..... 20133240 / 20
35411 20135538 10C0J33.S22 40
36107 2036335...'.. 2O|36360 20
36375 2013C393 40136414 100
30720 20J3B734 40136012 20
37056..... 2037004 20137178..... £0
372R1 10OJ37386 20137403 10
37650..... 20i377«J9 600I378S8 20
37932 40J37&42 20;3S088 20
38156 20!3S2U5 20|38278..».. 20
38330.".... 20 38331 20138452..... 20
3S455 20;SS460 600I3S461...., 20
:;S4S6..... 40 38541 40J3S547 20
3S574 20 3SS39 2013SS95 20
38064 20 39105 20,39294..... 40
39326 40 31)524 40;3»526..... 20
30548 20139559 100j30S37 20
30919..... 40 309C9 '. 100|400S3..... 20
40172 10014C243 40|4026S 40
403.% 20!40512 40140320..... 20
40550..... 20 40553..... 20 ! 40571 20
40702 ' 20 40850.;... 40[40Ut3. .... 4O
4C075..... 40 40081 40141069 20
41302 20:41522..... 40i41«10..... 20
41654 200I4167C... 20I41007..... 40
41035 40(41951 20141955 100
41W34 10042011 20142091 1C0
42104 20I422G7 100|42299 20
421K5 40 42300 100142S16 100
4ZS18 4043057..... 20143392 . 20
43800 20I440U6 20 44195..... 40
44291 20O|44375...... 40 44402..... 40
44471 20144633. .... 20 44C37 ' 20
44652 20 44659 100H699..... 40
44861..... 4044907 20145014 20
43049 20|43O56..... 20|45OS3..... 40
452S3....* 40;4C328..... 20|4539l I 20
4530S 10O45S50.. M .. 20 45639 2l>
45887 4045938 20J46053 100
46076..^.. 40J46125 20|46175 20
46270 40 46398 20J46345 20
46677...., 10046713 20 467*4 40
4C817 100 46826 100J4C988 20
47007....; 2047063...... 40 47174 20
47310....: 20 47397..... 20 47403 20
47459 20 !
47539...^. 40)47501... .. 20O!47672... — . 40
47706...— ¦ 40 47002..... 20 48034 ¦ 20
48054..... • 4048100 40 451S9 * 40
48325 40 48373 200 48491 CO
48704...:. 40 48710 20 4S794..... 40
48705 20 48901..... 20 48974 40
49089. ...» 2049173...:. 2040202..... 4I>
40306.. .„ 20 40450 20140475 100
40513..... 20 40337 40(40568 20
40694 40 49707 20 40835. ..„ 40
40S38 20 40850 100 49031 100
49938 4040979 40 50040 50O
50O79..... 40150118 20O|5O24S 4O
P0311 20I5O345 20|50357 20
50371 ¦ 20150463..... 40150517 20
50627 100 50718..... 40150032 1C0
50072 20 51152 .- 20I511CO 2C0
51167 2051308 4051398..... 20
51463 ¦ 100|51554 40 51614 100
51849 20151047 20 52030 20
C2131 100J52102 40 52256 10O
52277 20 323S0..... 20 52430 20
62502 40 52633 ' 20 52756..... 40
62787..... 100I52008 20 53004 40
63112..... 40153153 40 KJ183 20
63361... — ¦ 20I53375 200i 53420..... 40
S3471..... ¦> 40 53523 20J53582. . . . . -20
63594... „• 100 53727 20J53766 20
53038... .. 20J54004.....' 201540S9 20
64006...— 40 54126 20'54203 20
6t210..... 20|542C2 40J54401 100
54553...... 20134601 600154680 ' 20
64693 2034714..... 20154731 20
64741..... 40 55062 ¦ £0i53079. V.;. 40
55327...— 401C3431 20IWG28 '. 20
55809.... V 20'55016 20 33047. ..;. 100O
55050...— 10055074..... .40,36000....'. 40
5«016 20!56115.'..-- 40|36220 20
36241...- "'. 100 5«295...- . 20f5«369..... lOO
56414...— 20 56426...— . , 20[563B7 ...... 500
56591..... 405RC87..... 100 : 36775 40
BC005 2057010..,.. 40157CS6 20,
57223 20157220. .... 40 57264..... 40
67338..... 20157415 20i37549..... 40
57643..... C0057648 40J5769S .20
58017 20 58065 40 58C03 20
58303 40 58I170 40J3.S4f5O '40
5856J) 20 38571....." 20;5S600 10O
59070 100 50354...-. 100|50406 . 20
50447...... 40 50660.. ...¦ 20 50672...- 20
50753. ..u 2060001...- 20 60028...— . .20
60067 . . . — - 100 60110. . ."— ' 20160349 "40
60509...— 20 60500.. .V. 100! 60689..... 20
60774...— ' -20!60893...— 20|60022 600
61058...— 2061131;..— 40J61326...— 100
61353...— 20J61422..... 40161434..... 40
614nS.....' ' 40161541 ."..— ' 2061612...- 20
61677..... 20 61719 j 40 61872 40
61806. ... -40 61911..... 100JC2065 _2O
62108...— 4062209 20'622fiO 40
62471 ....' 2062508..... 40 62523 40
6°687 .-.— ' ' 40|62718..... ' 20 62730 10<>
62746..— 40 62913...- 20 62077..... 20
e2078...— 20
63040..... 40 63250...- 4063369..... 100
63578...— 2063807...— 20164002...— 2O
64053...— 2064073 2064119..,— 20
64209...- 2064232 20(64251 20
64582...— 20 64845..... i0'64876..... 40
64940...— 2064974..... ' 20'650S5...— 40
C5296 20 65390 20 65444. -40
CS637 . 20 65671. 1OOW5744...— 20
65775 .4065800 1000O 65049...- 40
66005..:.: 4066339 20664SO..... . 20
60494...— " - 40 66506 40 66598 ¦ 100
66774...— 1000 66781 40 66943...— 40
66949...— 40 66080...— 40 67001...— 20
67140. — — 20 67130...— • 20 67214...— 40
67313 H- 20 67326...- 20 67396...- 20
67430:-H 2067445...- 20^67494.-_ 10O
67722 ~- • 40 67851. -«' 20 67873,,.^ 40
NUMBERS
—OP THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
The subscribers having «upervlaed th» abo-»
drawing of the lottery of the Beneftcencla
Publica hereby certify that th» above- is an
exact copy of the numbers which were this day
drawn from "¦ the 80,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness our hands at th« City of Mexico
this 27th day of August, 1903.
JOSE M. DE LA VEOA. .* •
Treasury Department.
XT. BASSETT1. Manager.
JUAN B. CASTELLO. Inter»enor.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing -with 49 being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prlie of $60,000—
$20. . •
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing with 77, being the last two figures of the
number drawing th» capital prize of $20.000 —
$20.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
. One hundred ; numbers from 20199 to 20299.
Incuslve. being 60 numbers on each side of
the number drawing capital prize "of $60,000—
160.
One hundred numbers from 23027 to 23127.
!nclu»lve. being 50 numbers on «ach aid* of
the number drawing capital prize, of $20,000—
$40.
•On* hundred numbers from 63759 to 65339.
inclusive being 50 numbers on each •!(!• of
the number drawing capital prize of $10,000—
|20. ¦ ¦ - ¦
TERMINAL PRIZES.
£°- Prize. !N-n. Prize. INo. Pr!z*.
6«9f2 40 68230 100(tSS294 20
684S3 . 40 683,35..... 40 68594 4O
CS623 20 6*700 20 6S822 20
68859 20 68897 20 fi&S02 100
t»lSJ 100I602S6 20WJ46S 20
60331 20fi03So " 20 «0C02 20
ra>«-s3 2o!«>Ti;a 40<«>si9 20
«»«» 4OJ70163 2Oi702Sl 4O
"0204 10OI70.J17 2t>l70C"..M.;... 20
"0673 20J7C615 100!70«77 40
70691 4070703 20170711 20«>
70933..... 20171012..... 100|7104t 20
71121..... 100(71104 40 ( 712fi0 4O
71303 20J71374 2t>:71432. . ... 20
71451 100:71467 20(71500 4O
71530 20(71668 200I71S39 100
71SCS..... 10071027 W.2XM 2O
72153 . 4072161 40.72TUS 20
72479..... 20|72W5 2»i727«2 2O
72S71 100(72000..... 20(72914. .... 4O
73084....; 10O|73360 40r7347« 20
73505 40(73528 20173530 2O
73744 40!7383a..... 1W73.H43 100
74043 40J74334..... 20:7441«..... 200
74583..... 100174500..... 2Oi74'S16 4O
75108 40175463 20!75S31 2O
75863 40173038 40 75373...... 2O
76070 20I7R143 2Oi76.-!14 ICOO
76374 200i 76402.. ;.. 40176406..... 2O
76459 20i7C4C9 2Oi7t5491 20
78540 20176540 201
76579 20|7B84<r..... 40l7f.36S 40
7695S 20176961 20177020..... 20
77063.,... • 40*77064 . 40t77C04 20
77102 20177161 20I77W6 40
77224 100 77462 20,77472..... 2t>
77473 40177534 40177617..... 2l»
77649 500177663 2C.J777O5 40
77807 20J77S39 40177S7.8 100
77900 40)77973..,.. 20I7S208 40
7S227..... 2OI792S3 2«i7S297 2»
78397 20J78561 20178748 20
79034..... lOOi 7903* 2OJ79O06. .... 4O
79153 200179158 20 79173 2"
79459..... 20179504..... 100179673 20
79743..... • '40 70828 40179854 100
73853 2079948.:... 40|
SECRETARY ROOT
REACHES LONDON
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1903.
9
REAL ESTATB~CITY— FOR SALE.
BARGAINS.
$2S00 — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath, etc.; brick
foundation; in fine repair; lovely home; lot
25x114; sunny side.
$1300— Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom
et.; Vi block from cars; street work all done.
$MC0— $500 cash; 2-story. 7 rooms; modern; lot
20x125; fine neighborhood; between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-eixth sts.. Fair Oaks.
$1100— Lot 25x125; Fair Oaks St.. between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side;
fine neighborhood: lot ¦• In- same block held
at $2000; $500 cash, balance long time.
$1C5O — Lot 25x78:6; San Jose- ave., between
Twenty-fifth and Army sts.;-bltumlnlted and
' sidewalk.
$550 — 2 lots, 25x114; Duncan st. -
J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia tt. .
_____
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. BEE
OWNER ON PREMISES. ; '.i \
3 COTTAGES of 5 r. and b.. on 26th st., half
block of Castro-st. cars; foreclosure sale;
$100 down balance $20 per month;, open
Sundays. D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mlsglon.
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
terms same as paying rent. Apply "owner,
lumber yard. S._. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets. ¦- ¦ - .
$11.000— FOR sale; S. E. corner O'Farrell and
Holllsst.: 26x90, and improvements. Inquire
1511 O'Farrell St. . ¦'
FOR sale— House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq.. Mkt.
LOTS north or south of park purchased. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st. ¦ •
REAL ESTATE — Conn try— For 8al«»»
ANNOUNCEMENT— The Sacramento Valley
Land Company Is npw surveying the great
wheat, farms, the estates of Dr. Glenn and
Senator John Boggs, on the Sacramento
River at Princeton and Jacinto: big canal
building; abundant Irrigation water; prices
will be very low; best opportunity for
homeeeekers ever presented In California;
50,000 acres In 20 to 40 home tracts; peerless
alfalfa, orange, peach, pear, prune, beet,
corn, potato, celery and asparagus land;
sediment soil; abundant water; splendid
climate: absolutely certain crops. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 64S Market at.
A CHANCE FOR YOUR SAVINGS—
Pretty five-acre ..wooded villa sites between
depot at Redwood City and foothills of San
Mateo County; near Stanford; offered at ono-
half real value; 5 acres, $1250 to $1375. each;
$125 down and $25 85 monthly will buy one>_
best opportunity on peninsula, and that Is
the best puburban property In California:
Don't let this go by. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st. ¦ ¦ • .
GREAT BARGAIN— 080 acres wheat and
barley and vines; 8 miles from depot and
good town: last crop, $6000; price for 10
days, $7000; Colusa County. C. M. WOOS-
TER CO.. 64S Market st.
$2300— ONLY 85 miles from 8. F.; 10 minutes'
walk from courthouse in live town; 21 acres,
half level; new 6-room colonial cottage; 2
porches, bath, pantry, etc.: large new barn;
$500 worth of wood on place; 1 horse, big
wagon, spring wagon, double ¦ and single
harness, tools, etc. W. J. WHITE, 26 Mont-
gomery st.. room 5.
20-ACRB fruit ranch In Placer County; fine
climate; ideal home; rabbit-proof fence; good
four-horse barn; 3-room house: all planted
in be«t variety fruit; 16 acres in actual bear-
Ing- will sell cheap on account of owner's
leaving country*. Apply to WALTER E. LO-
GAN. llJ^Broadw^jO^ltland.
FOR eale cheap — Whitehouse resort, rear Fair-
fax, consisting of restaurant business and
furnished rooms in connection therewith; 24
sets of furniture, horses, wagons, etc. For
particulars apply M. COCHRANE, San P.a-
fael. Cal. ¦
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
preface paid.
i'oi?jT~niCHMoyn real estate.
WATER frcnt lot* and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ¦'
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 6-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
$2000 — NEW house of 6 rooms.
$2.100 — Cottage of 7 rooms; lot 60x100.
$1S5O^ — Cottage of 5 rooms; large lot.
Choice lot on Webber st.: cheap.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.. Alameda.
BARGAIN — $1060: Alameda; a 4-room cottage
and bath; lot 27:6x175 feet; easy terms. 451
Linden ave., San Francisco.
ALAMEDA HOUSES. ~
FURNISHED S-room house to responsible
party; no children; references. 511 Market st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE. '"¦'""¦" L " > ~™™' ~ "~~~~ ~~
Ten-acre tract In Fruitvale; suitable "for sub-
division.
E. BISHOP. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3E0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A RARE opportunity for manufacturing; situ-
ated near 23d ave.; all the buildings, realty
and machinery; will sell either separately or
as a whole; with a good supply or raw ma-
terial on hand; orders enough on hand at
the present time to keep double the number
of hands working the season through; this
is a rare chance and can be had at a snap
figure. Call at once on
THOMAS W. JEFFRESS,
1167 Twenty-third ave.,
East Oakland.
$7500 FOR elegant residence In Highland Park,
East Oakland, that cost $16,000; lot 300x112;
% entire block; covered with choice shrub-
bery; lemon trees lr. full bearing; away from
fogs and cold wlndsj Improvements first class;
electric cars to the. place; this fine- property
must be sold ; owner In Europe. • E. BISHOP.
4C6 Tenth st., Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Bchellhaas, 11th St., cor. store.Oaklnd
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California. — Filed
August 25. 1003. ALBERT B. MAHONY.
Clerk, by E- J. CASEY, Deputy Clerk; No.
29,150. Probate — In the matter of the estate
of ALICE SKAE, deceased. -Notice for pub-
llcation of time appointed for probate of will.
C. C. P.. Bee. 1303.— Notice is hereby given
that Tuesday, the • 8th day. of September,
A. D. 1903, at 10 o'clock a, ra. of that day,
and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
eaid court, at the City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
bave been appointed as the time and place
for proving the duly authenticated copy of
. the will and codicil of said ALICE SKAE,
" deceased, and of the "probate ' thereof, and
for hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY of San Francisco,
a corporation, for the issuance to It of let-
ters testamentary thereon. [Seal.] . ALBERT
B. MAHONY. Clerk,, by E. J. CASEY,
Deputy Clerk. Dated, August 25, A. D. 1903.
MORRISON & COPE, attorney* for pe-
titioner. .
NOTICE is hereby given that the grocery and
bar at 071 Harrison st. will change hands
about the 1st ot September. ...
PROPOSALS. . . ,
SAN FRANClSTO,!"cal.y^Aiig^^20^10^;—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate," will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. Sept. 14,
1003, and then opened for construction of a
frame guardhouse at General Hospital, Pre-
sidio of San Francisco, Cal.; Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any cr all
bids In whole or. In part. Information fur-
nished on application to C. A. DEVOL,
Quartermaster, Chief Q. M. .
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Aug. 27. 1903.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate,. will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon Sept. 7. 1903, and then
opened for construction of sewers at Depot
of Recruits. Instruction,^Presidio, of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids in whole
or in part. Information furnished .on appll-
cation to . C. A,~- DEVOL. Quartermaster.
Chief Q. M. .... . ,
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will- "close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are; requested to pre-
sent -them immediately/ as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will ; 'be
brought/ to ; a close on Septem-
ber 24.'
ingCELL A XEOPS >_ FO >R S ALE— Con.
A— $3 &0 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open nil l» p. m . Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, sfcaftlng pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 2M-2S5 Spear et.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda. 1
FOR sale — One gasoline launch. 10x45; 30
horrepowcr; can be seen at TXia Vista; good
order. P. Q. box 272. Rio Vista. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
fhargea. 11 3d St.. Exxm. bldg.; catalog free.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
wood and iron working machinery, bought.
eo'.d and rented. H.S.WHITK.130-132 Beale.
LARGEST runts; bent hen pigeons: choice
homers. Address 2^M1 Linden et.. Oakland.
A JULES JURGENSKN 6-mlnute repeating
watch; very reasonj'le. 10 Sixth Bt. t
$20 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; almost new;
complete; cheap. 1015 Mission Bt.. near 15th.
A GOOD Durham cow plving rich milk for
•ale cheap. 4fO Twenty-pixth st.
FOR sale — Cheap; ticket to Denver. Box 2145, j
Call office. -
ONE second-hand --httewaFhing machine at
ROBERTS. 1815 Market Et.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth ct.
A MARTIN guitar for sale at 10 Sixth st. W.
J. HESTHAL. s
MOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bu'.lard & Brock. 131 Pott «t.
-TILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU- J
GESE RILEY & PONS. 108 Vallejo st. |
MOVINO picture film and eong slides. 109 j
Montgomery et.
SAFES New and Becond-nand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market st. j
All bargains, camp stools and chairs. hammocks, j
metal beds.n_.ttresFes.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission. 1
EcUon phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bartgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE ermines, automobiles and launches, i
aJI eizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st. \
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER- I
MA-NN SAFE CO.. 417-423 8acram«Dto st. 1
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters ;all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mor.tg-y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical rood*. 154 9th et. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA_— HERMAN MURFBX
601-602-603 Examiner buUding.
Quick eettlementc; no disappointment.
Save expense* by Sealing directly.
Ertates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, ueignments of rents, property In trust.
et&t legacies. life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Ccurteoua treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
6ee HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtain
liberal advances oa diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market et.; teL Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
i' : cur'.ty; «ac7 payments; largest business la
49 principal cities. Tolm&n, f>53 Parrott bldg.
A 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; S25 up; quick.
Quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery «t-, r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rate* on real estate, furniture or piano;
no cemm—peion. E. VT. LICK, 1003 Mutual.
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 816.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried i
people on their note, j
THE TOUgL-Y CO 143 Phelan Bld>.- I
MONET to loan on low Interest; gold, silver, j
£!ainonda, pearls asd precious stones bought ;
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Blxth st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W. j
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle bl<Jg. !
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each !
flOOO; acy gecurtty. 302 Montgomery, rm. 16. j
!% ON furniture _ pianos; $15 ap; no removal; j
V. TREMAIN. room 61. 6 Eody St.. floor 4. I
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S38 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of 'Wyoming loan? money to
salaried employes. R-311.Mnt_— Bav.Bk.bl~
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lBdorgfr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NEW collection of some of our special bar-
gains: 3 Heine. $185, $?37. $385; 1 Heln»
mahg. baby grand. $725; 1 Conover upright.
Italian walnut, new, $2C5; 1 Behr Bros., j
Dcmingo mahg.. upright, new, $247; 1
Mason _ Hamlln, new burl walnut, $2S5;
1 Krell, email elze. dark mahg., almost new,
iZtS; 1 Binger. slightly ueed, $1C5; 2 Stein- j
_— i — ¦ larg-e and email upright*. S1C5. tZ'2o; \
<'hlcl*ering upright, good condition. $159. 1 j
Filsher upright. $07; 1 Collard upright. *S3;
Sherman & Hyde upright, $115; 3 slightly ]
u»ed piano players, $W. $185. $265. Organs— I
5 Mason _ Hamlin. $25. $45. $47; 20 others
from $10 up: pianos rented $2 up. apply oa
pureha*« price; installments $4 up; cash dis-
count If raid In two yeara.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.
Largest exclusive r :ai.o house of the West.
Ag»:us Tor the Gabler, Krell. Steger, Heine,
linger, etc.
A 6M.ALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new, g!35. 237 Oeary St.
6TEINWAY upright, left by private party,
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A CHANCE to get a good piano Jor a small
•um and th^n exchange lor a better one by
ur.d by is what we offer you.
Our payments are easy and the quality of
the instruments all rleht. Pome as low as
$50. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
7O Markft St.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
etrunient for cash or installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at one*. KOHLER
6 CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up, compris-
ing such makes as Chickering. Jacobson,
Vote, Sterling. Knabe. Fischer. Schwechten.
¦\V*ser Schuman end others; ea«y payments.
BENJ. CCRTAZ Sk 6ON. 16 O'Farrell St.; no
branches In San Francisco.
Yv'ANTED — An AeoHaa Grand for epot cash.
Apply^personally at 417 Fair Oaks St.. bet. j
*> _nfl 10 a. m.; cpen for thre* days from i
this flat*. j
CANT) instruments; F. Beason. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwald. Aft. Pac. Coast, 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hacd Instrument* eold.
UAP.GAIN — Standard make upright; good con-
dltlon. 6CHMIT2 — CO.. 10 McAllister at.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Wbitehead's Storage, lC3g Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacriflo*. Kee_e's._S5 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save BO per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
KOHMER, Byron Maury pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-812 Post st.
: ".PERIOR \-lcllns. zithers, old end new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, rfpalr-r, 2 Latham place.
PIANOS AIVD ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains la second-hand
Manos for September. 1003:
Original
Price. Now.
1 STEIN'WAY _ EONS—
Rosewood case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, beautiful tone, in excel-
lent condition - $725 $373
1 A. B. CHASE—
M-hopany case. largest ei«. fuU
ralnging mueic rack, .three pedals,
very latest etyle. cannot be told
from a nc-w piano «•«> 400
1 STEINWAY & EONS—
Walnut case, small elze, 7 1-3
octavts. nearly new, beautiful
tone, in fine condition 625 475
1 6TEINWAY & SONS—
Mahogany cape, large size, latest
i-tyle, 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
from new 750 623
1 A B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case. In perfect condi-
tion, only used three months 800 S73
1 ETEINWAY & SONS BABY
GRAND—
Ebonlzed caee. In use a very
short time and equal to new 850 ,50
AIpo a large number of square pianos
ranging in price from $25 to $250. and chapel
and parlor organs from $20 to $150. -
Complete list furnlched on application at
our etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Comer Kearny and Sutter nts.
OFFICES A.~D STORES TO LET. .
EUXNY front of Dee or desk -room; cpen Bun-
day. 850 Market Bt.. room 5.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease — C56 Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
•ecger asd freight elevator service; will lease
for a term; rent reasonable. EHAINWALD.
BCCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery St.
• -UUs building. - 1
rERSOXALg.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow apd flabby skin, birthmarks,
vmallpox pittings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, maeaage. electricity or
medicines: special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED — 777 ladies with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and premature gruyness prevented.
(Can treat by mail. Blanks ror stamp.) Con-
sultation free. 8:30 to 6: Sunday*. 10 to 12.
" Pror. "GEO. A. GARLOW. Specialist, room
218, 997 Market »t." )
SPECIAL — Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your own
home, removing wrinkles, tan, freckles, leav-
ing skin clear and smooth; to be had only at
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HAHRIS,
7&1 O'Farrell st. -" S
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proveu Its growth ;stops falling;cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cl«ances scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..385Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how good. Is the 5 motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market rt.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addres* Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate. ¦
AFTER this date I will not be responsible for
any debts contracted by A. B. Hlnckley Jr.
A. B. HINCKLEY SR.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenlnes at Teutonia Hall. Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS 1 , London.
Tailor. 721 Market et.
THE highest price paid for ladies' or gents'
catt-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 114A Kills st. j
i ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mar-
ket et., between Seventh and Eighth.
BRING your goods; will make tsilored shirt
waist. $1. The Faehion, 1129 Market. bet.7&3
MRS RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
1 ALL etylee halrdreesing. 25c; hair goods; manl-
; curing. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
! TAILOR-MADE pult $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
1 SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electr-c needle. Dr.&Mra.Traverse,1170 Market
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to lta natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tr*c needle. Mrs. & Mini Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PAPERHANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up;- tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 9d st. ;tel.Maln 413.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 2133 — Two beds and small kitchen; gas
range; running water; separate entrance.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness ave. — 2 or 3 rooms
for housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
DEVISADERO. 1609 — Three sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; running water, gas; $14
per month.
FOLSOM. 754. near Third — Large sunny front
room furnished for housekeeping; gas. grate;
one smaller room; pantry, closet, water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 408— 2 housekeeping and
1 large sunny front room.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1630 Polk st.
HOWARD, 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms; others.
JONES, 117 — 3 or 4 eunny rooms- also one bay-
window room, with kitchen; $20.
KEARNY- 104 — Bunny front suite; unfur-
I Dished; newly papered; no children; refs.
j McALLISTER, 678 — Nicely furn. parlor suite
i and kitchen; bath; gun all day^rjhone.
! MISSION, 945 — Front room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; with gas stove.
! PIERCE, 422 — Sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
i SEVENTEENTH. 3324 — To let. 2 nice hskpg
rooms; running water, gas range; adults; ret
I ET. JAMES, McAllister and Laguaa — Furnlsh-
i ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
gas range; all complete for housekeeping;
_ $15 up. >
— — i *
TEHAMA, 48 — Two front "housekeeping rooms.
TURK, 819 — 8 rooms; handsomely furnished;
modern; re-fined neighborhood.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 2 suites
of 3 and 4 rooms: modern: complete for
housekeeping ; warm belt of Mission.
LARGE basement with dance floor; suitable fpr
private dancing gchool. 31S Van NesB ave.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side cf
! Pine «t., between Hyde and Leavenworth: a
euperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$00 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and cloeet: kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; ¦ bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also includes Janitor eer-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator *ervlce; only ten minutes' walk from
i Powell and Market: see these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nxid U-turn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Room's
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 673 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk Et.— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for h»kpg.
BURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No. 1354)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 495 — Quiet furnished, sunny rooms;
single and in suite.
ELLIS. 1909. near Scott — Furnished front room
for gentleman; $6.
FELL, 491 — Fine furnished rooms; $10 and
*$12.
FIFTH. 119, second flat — Nice furnished sunny
bay-window rooms; -convenient; reasonable.
FULTON, 818 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas and bath.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms SOe
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GR AYSTONE
CO Geary et.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE, 1000*4. «or. Pine— Sunny furnished
room, gentleman, $G 50.
JESSIE. 508^4. near Market and Sixth — Fur-
nlshed rooms; private family; reasonable.
KEARN'Y. 215 — Nicely furnished rooms;
gentlemen preferred.
MAIIKET. 1561 — Furnished rooms, double bed;
suitable for two men; $8: private family.
NATOMA, 102, corner Second— Sunny furnished
front rooms; cheap rent.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day. week, mo.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Front
Kunny rooms; all new; rery cheap; telephone
Page 57C1.
SUTTER, 935 — Nicely furnished room to rent.
SUTTER, 1531 — 2 large furnished parlors; pri-
vate bell; telephone; rent reasonable.
_____ J
TURK. 247 — Sunny rooms; running water.
UNITED BTATE8. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 tingle and family rooms; 85c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d si., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable ; 700 rooms;
35c to $160 night; $2 to- *8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
VAN NESS AVE.. 1714— Private boarding-
house, home like, everything first-class; sun-
. ny suites; single rooms; choice ' locality;
reference.
AMOY.-THB - «01 DEVISADERO 8T.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam beat.
STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
• service: lowest . rates.
BOARD and lodging; private' family; sunny
front rooms. Call or address 2521 Sutter st.
HAYES, 671— Nice front room with board for
gentleman ; private family; reasonable.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board: low rate.
627 Mission et. - ......
PALMISTRY. •
MilE. ZILLAH. scientific palmist and card
reader; 25 years' experience; late of . New ,
Zealand and Australia. 525A Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 319
Taylor »t.. near Geary. Phone Black S6L
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR.»C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Maritet St.. bet. Sixth and Bcventh.
BLOOD, ekin and rectal diseases, a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. - WONG HIM, herb doctor;
j treats all diseases of the human body; for
past. four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
1 cated at C67 Geary st., near Leavenworth. -
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herbdoctor: cur«s all diseases of human
¦ by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
. gPECIAJUSTS.
CATARRH^ and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-.
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st. - . ¦
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A^_MPORIUM Storage &. Van C*o.T?urnituri,.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 728-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell Sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 871.
"CONKLIN'S Btorase-r-Furnlture and merehan-
fllsa. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840"
Mission st.; tel.' Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com*
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
, «t. : tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING*.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT' BARGAINS IN'TTpEWRIT-Ss^wi
" cell better machines for less money than any
. house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: «et par-
ticulars. L. AM. ALEXANDER. 110 Jtont-
gomery st. '« ... :
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
- ; Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. gPfl Sansome.
: BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notice*, sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must He handed
in at- either of. the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. ¦; BOEN. :
McCOY In this city, August 80, 1908, to the
wife of Henry J. McCoy, a daughter.
PILSNER — In this city, August 30, - 1903, to
the wife of Teddy Pilsner, a son.'
______
COLEMAN — ARNOLD — At Redwood City, Au-
gust 29. by the Rev. Thomas C. Marshall,
in St. Peter's Episcopal Church. Du Pont
Coleman and Ada Douglaa Arnold.
DIED.
Adams. Amelia Feour, John J.
Aronson, Amelia Gentry, Kate
Bressem, A. B. E. Haynes, Margaret
Buehn, Christian H. McGann, Henry
Carroll, Mary M. Murphy. Thos. H.
Enkle. Herman Slater, Carrie T.
Enrlght. Patrick Spect. William B.
ADAMS — In this city. August 30, 1003. Ame-
lia, beloved wife of Joel Adams, a native
of England, aged 69 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services
Tuesday, September 1, • 1903, at 2 o'clock,
at the parlors of the Pacific Undertakers,
777 Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
ARONSON— In this city, August 30, 1003,
Amelia, beloved wife of Abraham Aronson,
and mother of Sollle, Libble, Pauline and
Daniel Aronson, and daughter of Rosalie
Roaenthal and sister of Ralph Rosenthal,
Mrs. Flora Crocker and Mrs. Nettle Gio-
vanni, a native of Nevada City, Cal., aged
40 years 7 months and 15 days.
. E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), September 1. at 10
o'clock, at her late residenoe, 1720 Sacra-
mento etreet. Interment Hill of Eternity
Cemetery, by special train leaving Third
and Townaend streets at 11:15 o'clock.
BRESSEM— In East Oakland, Cal., August SO,
1903, Albert, Edgar Eugene", b.eloved son of
Captain Robert and Laura E. Bressem, and
brother of Robert and Genevieve Bressem,
a native, of San Francisco, aged 2 years 11
months and 27 days.
IE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, August 31, at 1 o'clock, at the
family, residence, 1571 Eighth avenue. In-
terment private. ' '
BUEHN— In this'-,, city, August 80, 1903,
Christian H.. husband of Annie Buehn, and
father of George G., • Otto- A., Frank, Julia,
Fred and Charlie • Buehn, a native of Ger-
many, aged 49 years and 7 months.
CARROLL—In this city, . August 30, 1903,
Mary Maud Carroll, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Charles S. and Maud .Carroll, and
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Car-
roll and Mr. - and Mrs. "William Westlake,
and niece of Mamie and Arthur Carroll and
Walter and Sadie Westlake, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months and 11 days.
CyFTienfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 13 Gilbert street, between
Sixth and Seventh, ; Bryant and Brannan
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ENKLE— In this city, August •25, 1903, Her-
- man, beloved husband of Matilda E. Enkle,
and brother of Mrs. Rebecca Marks, Mrs.
Lena Raphael. Mrs. Jennie Gosllner and Abe
and Charlee Enkle, a native of New York,
aged CO years and 1- month.
ICXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, at the
B'nai B'rlth Hallf 121 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Hills of Kternity Cemetery, by 11
o'clock train. Officers and members of Unity
, Lodge No. 273, I. O. B. B.. are .respectfully
invited to attend the funeral.
ENRIOHT— An anniversary requiem "high
mass will be celebrated In St. Joseph's
Church, Tuesday, September 1, at 9 o'clock,
for the repose of the soul of the late Pat-
rick EnrlRht. FTiends are requested to at-
tend.
FEOURr-At Volcano, August 29, 1003, John
J. Feour, dearly beloved brother . of Mrs.
Alice Brennan of San Francisco, Dan Feour
of Dilley, Ore., and James Feour of Weaver-
ville, Cal., a native of Maine. (Weavervllle,
Trinity County, Cal., and Dilley, Ore., pa-
pers please copy.)'
(_TNoUce of funeral hereafter.
GENTRY— In thla city, August 29, 1903, Kate,
widow of the late Abner Gentry, a native of
v Germany, aged 73 years.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
.Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. , ¦
HAYNES— In this city, August 29, 1903, Mar-
garet Haynes, wife of the late Richard
. Haynes, mother' of the late Thomas and
Margaret Bcuse and the late Mrs. ICTlen Mc-
Kee, . and. sister of Mrs. Ellen O'Connor, a
native of County . Kerry, Ireland, aged 78
years.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend t*e funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her niece, Mrs. P, J. Sheehy, 5&i Folsom
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a solemn lequlem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 :30
o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
McGANN — In this city, August 30, 1903, Hen-
ry, beloved husband of the late Mary Mc-
Gann, and father of • Mrs. Margaret Pink-
ham, John McGann and Mrs. Wesley La-
moreaux, a native. of Ireland, aged 71) years
9 months and 7 days. (Cleveland, Ohio, pa-
pers please copy.);.-- / . • • ¦ •* . . ¦ '..--¦
l_5TFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited to • attend funeral services
Tuesday, September 1. at 8:30 o'clock, at
the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Margaret
Plnkham, 1103 Guerrero street, thence to St.
James Church, corner of Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 0 o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery, ¦; by electric funeral car. Please
omit flowers. . • •
MURPHY— In thi« city, August 29, 1903.
Thomas H.,- beloved son- of -Alice and the late
Patrick Murphy, and brother of Annie. John
J. and Gertrude Murphy, Mrs. P. F. Whearty,
Mrs. Thomas" J.' Lynch and Mrs. J. J. Glrod,
•a native of San Francisco, aged 31 yeara 8
months and 7 days.
ESTriends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
' « fully invited to attend- the funeral Monday,
at 9 o'clock,- from his late residence, north-
east corner "of • Jackson and Lyon streets,
thence to St. Vincent de Paul's .j Church,
' Green and Stelner streets, -where a solemn
requiem high mass will- be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9 :30
o'clock. ¦-Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SLATER— In this city.- August 31, 1903, Carrie
Y.,- beloved daughter of William' F. Slater,
and sister ot \V.- W. Slater of San • Francisco
and Mrs. E; • A. Hayward of Lo 8 Angeles, a
native of Ohio, aged 41 years 4 months and
Ji7days:. (Chicago, • 111.". " papers please copy.)
' • \ C3TFuneral ; and - Interment at Urbana,
..Ohio. . :-:;- .-' .- .. - ',-...
SPECHT— In Oakland." Cal., August .30, 1003,
William E.r beloved husband of Anna Specht
; and. father, of William E., . Charles and
i Louise Specht and Mrs.W. Gardner.. a native
of . Germany, aged 73 years 4 months and
S3 days. ,..,-. ¦ ¦¦ •-,:,-J/ H. Bedbury, 20 Vernon street, re
ported to the police yesterday that he met
a stranger on Third street on Saturday
night who pleaded poverty and Bedbury
took him to his room and provided him
with Bleeping accommodation • for the
night . When Bedbury awoke yesterday
morning the stranger had disappeared
and -so had Bedbury's watch -and Jl 15
which had been in his pockets. -He gave
a description of the stranger. • ¦ _
Stranger Got Up First.
The', forty-fourth annual picnic of the
Scandinavian Society was enjoyed yester
day at Harbor View Park. The atten
dance was large land the programme con
sisted of dancing and music, and it was
midnight before the merry : party broke
up. .Those who had the arrangements" in
charge were: William A. Jensen, chair
man; committee V of arrangement. , C.
Sovig, " Anton Johnson, A. . Nelson, Peter
Svenson, TV Kaunitz, . C. ; A. .; Anderson;
floor. manager, C' Sovig, C. Armstrong,
floor /committee. , Axel Bunth, Alfred > Ol
son, Nils Svenson, Axel Nelson; reception
Committee,: Nick Anderson. William' A.
Jensen, T.'Kaunitz/ Anton Johnson. . !
Scandinavian Society Picnic.
A large crowd was present and all en
joyed a pleasant outing. The weather
was suitable for the occasion. The usual
sports arid games were indulged in and
the winners in each event were presented
with a prize. An excellent band furnished
music for the many dancers. A specialty
of the entertainment was the original jig
and reel dancing, which was under the
auspices of Professor McMahon.
The members of the Tyrone, Fermanagh
and Donegal Society celebrated their thir
teenth-annual reunion yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. '; /: ¦ v
and Donegal Society Spend Day
of Pleasure.
Members of the Tyrone, Fermanagh
MEEBY PICNICKERS MEET v^
AT SHEIiL M0Uin> PARK
For Mayor, Frank K. Whitney, raotorman;
Auditor, W. [ H. Ross, barber; City Attorney,
Leslie Brown; Sheriff, Louis J. Salinger, tailor;
Tax Collector, George ¦Williams, sugar worker;
Treasurer, John Mcsser, cook; Assessor, Charles
Herold; Recorder. S. Smulevlch. grocer; County
Clerk, Andrew Sorensen, motorman; District
Attorney, J. B. Wells: CoroneY, Dr. J. N. B.
Shultz; Public Administrator, J. M. Suther
land, stableman.
For Supervisors — Oscar Johnson, salesman;
J. C. Wesley, salesman: A. J. Slvell, waiter;
A. G. Chamberlain. Janitor; L. XV. Lindgren,
barber; R.. Rosenblatt, tailor; Charles Ott,
barber; Bruce A. Meyer, steam railway man;
B. Rosenstcln, cloak maker; George Nlsbet.
tailor; William Costley, hackman; Oswald
Seifert, waiter; J. Shenkan, waiter; Hugo Lot
zen, shoemaker; George Knauft, motorman;
sFefvert, house mover; A. J. Oliver, cook.
For two Police Court Judges — B. Spanier.C.
B. Hilcr.
Purity Committee — W. H. Temple, - Iron
worker; W. H. Gladding, ironworker: Charles
Weberg. machinist; E. N. Benton, millman; a.
Goldman, hat and cap maker.
William Costley was elected permanent chair
man and J. Shenken permanent secretary. ¦
The Socialist party met yesterday at
the Turk-street Temple and in conven
tion-nominated the following ticket for
the forthcoming municipal election:
Candidates Are Selected for Mayor
and for Other Important
Civic Offices.
SOCIALIST PAETY NAMES
FOB MUNICIPAIi TICKET
immediately after his return to this coun
try. Unfortunately for their plans, how-
A meeting between, the young couple
was followed by the* announcement of
their engagement. It being 'understood
that their marriage would be celebrated
BETROTHED TO TAYLOR.
If the father had reasons for the slight
est fear that his daughter would marry
contrary to his wishes, they ,we,re soon
abandoned, for not long after he had
given vent to his feelings Miss Colfelt
and her mother returned to this country
and just In time to bid farewell to Lieu
tenant Taylor, who was about to depart
for the Philippines as an officer of the
Eighty-fifth Company of the Coast Ar
tillery. . . - "'.":'•
At this function the , rivalry of Prince
George of Crete and Prince i Andrea of
Greece tor the "favor of... Miss Colfelt was
keenly noted by those present and formed
a subject of comment for. several weeks,
especially in view of the fact that it was
clear that the American woman did not
encourage the advances of the matri
monially inclined young npblemen:. not
those of other royal persons, who seemed
determined to win her hand. ¦ y . ,
About this time the news of Miss Col
felt's social conquest in Athens had
reached her father in this ' country and
he is quoted as expressing the hope "that
his daughter's head would not be turned"
and he added: "I do not wish her to wed
a nobleman and sell herself for an empty
title." . - - - •'-¦ -i '•
His departure was followed by that of
Miss Colfelt and her mother to Europe
and January, a year ago, found the fair
young American occupying a cosy house
In the secluded portion of Athens. It was
not long before Miss Colfelt was a wel
comed member of society of the Greek
metropolis and on January 15, 1902. the
story of her formal, presentation to. the
Queen of Greece was announced in the
telegraphic columns of the newspapers of
this country. "A woman of many accom
plishments, Miss Colfelt. was quick in
winning the admiration of the Queen and
it was not long before the Queen had her
as her honored guest at a court ball.
' PBINCES HER SUITORS.
On the completion of his schooling.
Young Taylor, who is the son of a bank
er and member of the Toledo Board of
Public Works, entered West Point and
while there he had the good fortune to
frequently meet his former school mate,
who had blossomed Into a beautiful wom
an and was the object of attention of a
score of suitors. The graduation of
Young Taylor, however, suddenly cut
short his courtship, for he was at once
assigned to the Coast Artillery and soon
shifted to more lonely quarters. •
She is journeying to Japan, where her
fiance, unable to meet her on this con
tinent, awaits her coming, with plans ar
ranged for the wedding, which will take
place in Yokohama during the latter part
of this month. Miss Colfelt's coming
marriage has been a subject of consider
able social gossip in the Eastern cities
by reason Of the fact that she has chos
en a plain American soldier. Lieutenant
Taylor, instead of a member of royalty,
of whom several have paid her homage.
She is the daughter of the pastor of
Oxford Presbyterian church of Philadel
phia, the Rev. Dr. Lawrence M. Colfelt,
and granddaughter on her mother's side
of the late James McManes. a widely
known politician and financier "whose mil
lions the. young woman will soon inherit.
Attached to her engagement to Lieuten
ant Taylor is an interesting romance,
which had its origin in the early child
hood acquaintance of the couple.
EECEIVED BY QUEEN.
IMPATIENTLY awaiting the depart
ure of the next steamer for the Ori
ent, whither she Is bound, there to
become the wife of Lieutenant Earl
Taylor of the United States Coast
Artillery. Miss Catherine M. Colfelt of
Philadelphia, a prospective heiress to a
fortune of several millions, has been
quietly living at the Palace for three
days.
Miss Colfelt Is accompanied by a com
panion in the person of Mrs. N. Cassel
berry of Philadelphia. Lieutenant Taylor
will meet his bride in Yokohama and
after the wedding it Is the Intention of
the young couple to enjoy a several
months' Journey through Japan, finally
going to Manila, where they will make
their home for a year or so, until the
lieutenant is ordered home.
Finally It was agreed between the
young people that Miss Colfelt should join
her future husband in the Orient and, un
daunted by. the prospects of a long and
tedious ocean trip, Miss Colfelt, two
weeks ago, started on her journey. She
went first to Toledo, where she was the
guest of the parents of Lieutenant Tay
lor for a week, and then proceeded to
this city.
ever, duty prevented Lieutenant Taylor
from returning to this country within the
time so anxiously looked forward to.
Perspiring feet quickly and thoroughly
cured by Koenigstein's Red Salve. •
CHARMING EASTERN GIRL WHO IS EN ROUTE TO THE ORIENT,
WHERE SHE WILL GIVE HER HEART AND, HAND, FOR WHICH
PRINCES OF EUROPE PLEADED IN VAIN? TO ARMY OFFICER.
John Phillips, 926 Howard street, re
ported to the police yesterday that while
he was asleep on a chair in. D. Single
ton's saloon. 360 Clementina street, early
yesterday morning he was robbed of $6.
He said that when he fell asleep four or
five men were drinking at the bar and
he suspects one of them.
Bobbed in a Saloon.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay. •
Chief "Wittman has received a letter
from W. P. Means, an attorney of
Hiawatha, Kans., asking for Information
about Flora J. Craig, whose parents died,
leaving her a share of 51500 in their es
tate. She left St. Joseph, Mo.. In May.
1887, with her child, Hazel, for either Oak
land or this city to meet- and marry a
man by .the name of W. J. Barrett Since
then nothing has been heard of her.
Falls Heir to an Estate.
Good printing, the stepping stone to success.
We are skilled printers. Mysell-Rollins,22 Clay*
"Did he say that?" she Inquired. "That
is just what he said." returned Ryan
The creature lost her composure and
turned pale. "Yes; It Is so," she admitted
at last. When confronted with her pre-
O'Leary was sent to a cell for reflection
and the detectives went to the prison and
summoned Mrs. Bowers. She was asked
if her relations with the laborer hafl been
proper, and she reiterated her former
statements on that score. She was then
informed that O'Leary had confessed how
he had spent the two nights following the
bridge-builder's death.
WOMEN ABE OVERCOME.
"I spent last Tuesday and Wednesday
nights at the house with Mrs. Bowers at
S7u Clementina street," he finally ad
mitted. He told how she had met him
on her return from her husband's death
bed, how they drank whisky together in
a saloon and remained in the Bowers
house that night and the one following.
He stated that he had not been truthful
in his previous assertions. Now that the
ball has been eel rolling he will be given
other opportunities to spur his jaded
memory.
A thorough search was made of his
rooms without any material results. Miss
Ma-ttle Lovejoy. proprietress of the place,
informed the officers that O'l^eary had not
slept in his room since last Monday night.
As the detectives remembered tnat the
man had not been arrested until Thurs
day night they became inquisitive about
where O'Leary had passed Tuesday and
Wednesday nights. They brought
O'Leary Lack to the Hall of Justice, took
him into a small room and gave him a
"sweating." He succumbed in about an
hour.
The police nave been working hard to
fcnd a motive for the crime, it was cer
tain that Mrs. Bowers could have tecurea
tlie money in the bank at any lime. It
was thought that sue might nave careu
enough tor O'Leary to uave s.ain ner
husband, but mere was no prooi tna.t
such was the case. Sht said that O'Leary
was a ~slob." He said tnat De hau had
a few drinks with her. but thai iheir ac
quaintance was short and BDerestftU. lie
said that he would want a beuer iooKiiig
woman for steaay company. He couiu
neither read nor write, nor eid he know
the number of the house in wmen he
lived. Detective Kyan thought that he
would compel O'Leary to remember wnere
he had roomed and set to worn yesterday
afternoon with that intention. oXeary
finally recalled under examination that
he had Jived on Howard street. He suc
ceeded in discovering that the house was
somewhere between Fourth and Film
streets. Then Detectives Kyan and Cole
man took the man out to Howard street,
between Fourth and Fifth. After
tome delay the prisoner indicated the
lodging-house at Sio Howard street as the
place where he had last roomed.
DETECTIVES TURN THICK.
wie, however, for in two more days
uv was behind the i»ars at tne city
.t'rison, protesting iiis ignorance of ail
tilings evil.
It has been proved tnat on the night
that the bridge-builder died f rom . the
effects of arsenical poisoning the widow
invited O'Leary to her home. : He Re
mained in the house with her uirtil the
day of the arrests, such was her
boasted love for her murdered husband.
While Martin Boweis labored at .Mare
Island and was sending home his money
lor his unfaithful wife to deposit in
the Hibernia Bank, she was spending
much of her time in carousing and dis
sipation with the ignorant laborer.
"While Martin Bowers was being slowly
murdered, his wife was meeting OX«ary
at every available opportunity. Wheu
Martin Bowers had surely breathed his
last, the newly-maue widow nenj, to
Clementina street, met Patrick CUeaiy
on the corner and said: "Well, h^ s
dead." * Is he?" said ULeary interest
edly* "Yes," was the reply, "and I
want you to come up to tne uouse, help
aie fix things up a little and stay to
jijgliL" Then O'Leary, who had been
.auoring on the streets, deciuea to worn
uo more. liis vacation was a snort
Detectives Ryan and Coleman have
secured the strongest kind of evidence
that Mrs. Bowers' attachment for Pat
rick O'Leary was the motive for the
murder of the woman's husband. All
of the three persons imprisoned on sus
picion of having guilty knowledge of
the commission of the terrible crime
have openly admitted that they have
lied in their previous statements to
the police. There is now no qaestior.
that Mrs. Bowers, Mrs. Sutton and Pat
rick O'Leary will be held for trial on
the charge of murder. The evidence
against them accumulated rapidly yes
terday and culminated in damaging con
cessions. * . ,
Detectives Progress Bapidly in In
vestigation, of Terrible Poisoning
Case and Speedy Denouement
Is Confidently Expected.
O'Leary and the Two Women
Make Many Damaging
Admissions.
August Nelson, who is employed at the
Life Saving Station, Ocean Beach, dis
covered a dead man In the bushes about
half a block to the rear of the station
yesterday morning. The man had shot
himself in the right temple with a 38
caliber revolver which was lying beside
the body. Chief Deputy McCormlck re
moved the corpse to the Morgue. There
was nothing in the clothing to give a
clew to identity. The only things found
were a white metal watch with a piece
of leather attached, and a nickel. The
body must have lain there for over a
month. It is that of a man about 60 years
of age, 5 feet 8 inches tall, gray mus
tache, bald on top of the head and the
clothing consisted of a bla<- slouch hat,
black cutaway coat and vest, striped
trousers and striped neglige shirt.
The bodies of two men who sought sur
cease from sorrow by shooting themselves
in the head, the one with a shotgun and
the other with a revolver, were taken to
the Morgue yesterday afternoon.
Christian Buehn, a laborer 49 years of
age, who lived alone at 148 Flood avenue,
Sunnyside, committed suicide by placing
the muzzle of a shotgun In his mouth,"
pulling the. trigger with his big toe and
blowing his head almost off. He and his
wife had been living apart for six weeks,
as she claimed she could not get along
with him. On Saturday night he called
upon his friend, Daniel McGrath, 337
Hearst avenue, and told McGrath that he
was not feeling well and he would have to
send for . a doctor. McGrau. called at
Buehn's house about T o'clock yesterday
morning and found his dead body lying
on" the floor with the shotgun beside it.
The Morgue was notified and Chief Dep
uty McCormlck removed the Lody. Mrs.
Buehn and her six children live at 377
London street.
Chief of Police Wittman will produce
Mrs. Bowers and Mrs. Sutton' in Judge
Cook's court at 10 o'clock this morning in
answer to the issuance of an alternative
writ of habeas corpus for the women's re
lease. The proceedings, will probably re
sult in the filing of formal charges against
the prisoners. Miss Mattie Lovejoy, pro
prietress of the house In which O'Leary
had a room, made the following statement
last night: -li'/P '; ; >"^ .- •
I have known tbe man for some time. I
met bim at a restaurant at 1<J Fifth street;
where I wait at the table. He appeared so
ciable and pleasant. I told him I was start
ing a rooming-house and he said he would
come over and look at the rooms. I did not
know that he was a friend of this Mrs. Bow
era or that she lived In the same block back
on Clementina street. He cai*.e 'here two
weeks ago to-morrow. He has not been here
since Tuesday until to-day, when he came with
the detectives. He kept good hours the first
week and paid for his room in advance. He
was working when he first came and was here
only at right and in the morning.- I do not
know anything about his habits, friends or
character.
Tee detectives . have secured a great
amount of damaging evidence, but they
wish to strengthen their case as much as
possible. They can introduce testimony to
show that Mrs. Bowers wished to get her
husband out of the way. They can prove
that she forged the prescription for the
arsenic by Handwriting Expert Kytka.
They can show by Drug Clerk Peterson
that Mrs. Sutton got the arsenic.
Ryan and Coleman were hunting
through the city's drug stores last night
in an endeavor to discover where the poi
son first used was secured. They have
mada a thorough but unavailing search
?of the Clementina-street house for the
package in which the last arsenic was
sold. Several people who may know some
thing of the case are yet to be interro
gated. Great progress has been made thus
far and the case will certainly, go before
a jury. .
The authorities believe that Mrs. Sut
ton arranged the pchfme to murder Mar
tin Bowers. She is declared to have little
character. She is well known in the ten-
Qprlnln. Nevertheless, she possesses a con
siderable amount of intelligence. Her
sister does not appear to have the sense
to plan carefully to kill her husband by
slow degrees. '¦*_> '•
It was Mrs. Sutton whom Drug Clerk
Peterson declares purchased the ounce
of arsenic on August 19. And the woman
has done plenty of skillful fencing with
the oracers who have tried to get infor
mation from her. Mrs. joowers does what
Mrs. Sutton directs.
Yesterday morning detective Ryan be
gan his work by visiting the Waldeck
Sanatorium and securing a list of the
medicines prescribed by Dr. McLaughJln
for Martin Bowers. There was no ar
senic In the list. The record was saved
to be used for evidence.
It was learned yesterday that the mem
bers of the Pile Drivers' Union had been
discussing the rumor that Mrs. Martin
Bov.-erE was poisoning her husband for
several days before the end. David Grush
of the union said yesterday that Harry
Bowers told him about two weeks ago
that he thought that Martin was being
poisoned. Martin Bowers was in disfavor
with his fellow workers for several
months previous to his death on account
of a disagreement over matters pertain
ing to the union. :
Mrs. Elizabeth Byers, mother of Mrs.
Sutton and of Mrs. Martin Bowers, when
seen by a Call representative at her home
in Portland, Ore., last night would say
only, "Anything that I could say at this
end would only embarrass my daughters
under arrest in San Francisco."
Several hundred letters belonging to
Mrs.' Bowers and Mrs. Sutton have been
unearthed. Many of these are from men
and some of them contain much unprint
able matter showing that the women have
unsavory histories.
HUNT FOB CLEWS CONTINUES.
LAY PLOT TO MBS. SUTTON.
The parade will consist of ten divisions.
Companies A, G and I of the First Regi
ment and Companies B and I of the Fifth
Regiment, National Guard of Calfornla,
will act as a military escort and make
up the first division. The second division
will be composed of pioneers, • sons and
daughters of pioneers and Mexican war
veterans. Thirty-eight parlors of the
Native Sons will fill the rest of the divi
sion, with the exception of the eighth,
which will consist of the "parlors of
Native Daughters.
.._¦«..»» ............. ......._.
vious statements she confessed weakly
that she had deliberately lied. "But I did
not slve my husband that arsenic," she
continued defiantly.
Then Mrs. Sutton was called before the
ofl'.cers. She knew positively that O'Leary
was nothing to her sister. Their relation
ship had been strictly conventional. The
woman persisted in her assertions and
Mrs. Bowers was summoned. She con
fessed again that Ryan's accusation was
true and Mrs. Sutton was overcome. She,
too, admitted that 6he had known of the
state of affairs and had been grullty of
falsehoods in her previous denials.
' Mrs. Sutton had not stayed with her
bereaved sister the night following the
consummation of the murder because the
latter had other company. Before leaving
the distressed women the officers elicited
from Mrs. Bowers confessions of her rela
tions with Patrick O*L*ary. Thus did the
arduous search fpr a motive for the mur
der end. The shadow of a scaffold Is fall
ing darkly on Mrs. Martin L. Bowers.
The day of the arrests Mrs. Bowers
drew J2S00 from the Hibernia Bank. That
nipht. when the bloodhounds of the law
had Fcented out O'Leary. he had in his
stomach an Inordinate quantity of liquor
and In h's pocket the sum of $15. The de
tectives are confident that the money on
which O'Leary was celebrating was a por
tion of that which Martin Bowers had
Mvod bv years of toil.
San Francisco — H. J. Mulcrevy, J. J. Ryan,
John F. Twcmey, U. Nonneman, Joseph King;,
J. Hammond and Charles J. Turner.
Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley — J. T. Han
sen, A. T. Sousa, Dr. YV. J. Smythe, W. S. C.
Pchmidt, W. J. Backus. W. J. Brady. Ed Cook.
H. Williams, H. O. Sagehorn, H. H. Hanake.
George Stull and A. Bruener.
-SAN JOSE. Aug. 30.— The parade com
mittee of the Native Sons' celebration
to be, held here Admission day met In
San Jose to-day. The order of parade
was adopted. Grand Marshal Foley of
San Francisco announced that O. D.
Stem -would b« chief of aids, H. W. Mc-
Comas chief aid, and Ed Younger chief
of staff. The following were selected to
act as aids to the Grand Marshal:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Evidence Against Bow
ers Murder Suspects
Increases.
Unknown Man Found in Park
With Bullet Hole in
Right Temple.
Thirty-Eight Parlors to Take
Part in Admission- Day .
Celebration.
Laborer Blows His Head
Almost Off With
Shotgun.
Parade Committee of the
Native Sons Meets
at San Jose.
PRISONERS
ARE SLOWLY
WEAKENING
GRAND MARSHAL
NAMES HIS AIDS
MEN FIND DEATH
BY SAME MEANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJIi, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1903.
REJECTS A PRINCE OF ROYALTY
TO MARRY AN AMERICAN SOLDIER
10
APVEBTISEMgTTS.
Black Dress
—FALL 1903-
We have just opened a most complete
assortment of NEW BLACK DRESS
FABRICS. The assortment will in-
clude Silk Finish Zibelines, Boucle
Cheviots, Noppe Canvas Cloths, Box
Cloths, Crepe Etamines, Venetian
Poplins, Silk Camel's Hair, Broad-
cloths, Unfinished Worsteds and
Venetians.
We invite our patrons to inspect the above
goods at their earliest opportunity.
• • • %$&& uUvvWlldo © a
50-INCH "SILK FINISH ZIBELINE $1.50 Yd
54-INCH BOUCLE CHEVIOT $1.50 Yd
48-INCH NOPPE CANVAS CLOTH $1.25 Yd
47-INCH CAMEL'S HAIR BOUCLE $1.25 Yd
45-INCH FRENCH ETAMINE $1.00 Yd
44-INCH BOURETTE MISTRAL
CLOTH •• $1.00 Yd
. ' • '¦¦ "- ',
note— Our customers In the interior are renuestel to
write for samples of above ooods.
-
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
gOLDBERg
BQWEN
* CO
French mustard-A*<?. 17^0
Ready to use— reg'ly aoc bottle
Anchovies in oil 25a
French— reg'ly 30c bottlo
Ferris bacon — cooks crisp
N — tastes delicious every day
in the year-reg'iy 24c it>* 22c
Holland herring- i ke* $2
New— all mllchner— keg j cq»
extra fine
Charhois-reg'iy &* 500
Genuine No. i grade— 24x24 Inches
Egg beater— Dover ICKJ
The original— reg'ly 15c
Toilet ammonia . 25c
Lavender— violet— reg'ly 30c bottle
UsteXlne— Lambert 6$Q
.Liquor department
Spaten brau— pints $2 10
German beer— quarts 3 qq
reg'ly %z 50— U S9
Whisky-^- b. a Co. 3 for $2
O. K. bourbon— sweet mash— -i
reg'ly $1 bott!e-$4 gallon u
Vermouth— reg'ly 60c bottle 50c
French or Italian— not more
than 3 bottles to one person
Ginger ale-Belfast $1 35
Cochran <fc Co.— reg'ly $1 5° dozen
Port— Commendador— bottle $1 75
The wine of King Edward VII —
25 years In wood— reg'ly $2
Erandy— California 75 C
:/ '" Pure— good— reg'ly $i bot— 54 S aI *3
Cherries in marasquin 50c
Flavor lemonade— punch—
' cocktails— reg'ly 55c quart bottla
* 432 Pino 232 S»ttor 2800 California
San FraneHeo
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oaklan*
/^H Duplicates and Replaces /*WV .
ij\ Broken Eye Glass Y[g
i Cp Lenses for 50c. v^\
S^gJ Factory en premises. C>\|
I j Phooe Main 10. I 1
j^J QUICK REPAIRING,
/PS 1 I & I #% Ammunition. Hunting and
¦ lIli&BV Sporting Goods. Largest
|-9 I gll stock. Lowest prices. i*nd
SIS alula Ior catalogue.
U %£ I H %af SHREVS & BARBER CO..
" 735* Market at. and 3X1
Kearny at.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
The Crowds Come
To this big busy store because our
prices are so attractive that no
good buyer can afford to overlook
them. Let it*be little or much
that you may need, you simply
save the retailer's profit when you
buy here.
20 lbs SpreckPld' Cane Sugar «1
(Others elve 15 lbs.)
Wir- es Soap;;. 25c
*? tiO squares fine Creamery Butter. sq.40c
£3 cases Ranch Kggrs, dozen 25c
61 eacks Pea White BeanR. 6V£ lbs 2Sc
84 tacks Kayo Beans/ 7 lbs 345c
17 sacks Pink Beans, 7 lbs.... 25e
f ' s « ck9 Imported Rice. 6tf lbs BOc
10 lbs cracked flaky Rice ..%Oc
•>0c jars Beef Extracts. 2 for 55c
.hancy $1.50 Potatoes, box.... SOc
4 ir,c cans Red Salmon. .35c
« l.>c cans Sardines 5Oc
4 luc cans Mustard Sardines :...4Oc
2-gallon pall Fancy Syrup 85c
.v P rf ces are but little more than half
tne prices you pay elsewhere.
Fancy canned Asparagrus. reg:. 30c.. .2Oc
!> durns 25c Kona Coffee, 4 lbs 5Oc
33 chests SOc teas, lb, 40c, 5 lbs 1(11.75
bolid car Eastern Hams, reg. 20c,..15>4c
3 solid cars best Flour. 5 lbs «1
10O lbs, *a.t5_l bbf. 94.20—1000 lbs.*iiO
2 l-lb cans best Baking Powder '15c ;
r>nc\anilla or Lemon Extracts :JOc
Sl.*5 "Vanilla or Lemon Extracts 75c
rf.xs vanilla or Lemon Extracts 20c
Car Fairbanks Eastern Lard, 3-lb tin,
B5ct~6 lbs, O5c— 10 lbs L 91.2O
Lily or Carnation. Red Ribbon or Pet
Creams, 3 cans, 25c — 12 for J)5c
11 lbs fancy German - Prunes. 25e
4 lbs Peaches or Apricots 25c
2 l-lb cans Chocolate .45c
2 cans Cocoa for 45e
WHY. PAY MORE ELSEWHERE FOR
GROCERIES?
%-galIon can pure Olive Oil... $1.25
1 pint bottle pure Olive Oil 35c
Grape-Nuts, reg. 15c — now.. lOc
Fancy New York Corn. 3 cans 35o
Solid package Tomatoes, 6 cans. ..... .BOc
New Mountain Cow Peas. 6 for 45c
2 35c Jars Mustard-.....: 25c
2 packages Postum , Cereal 45c
- Crabs to a can, can:.. 2Oc
9 lbs Rolled Oats or Wheat 25c
Hire's Root Extracts, bottle 5c
6 15c Oysters for: . .-. ... ; . . 45c
3 packages Currants or Raisin* ...25c
3 sacks 6c Salt. 10o-^30 lbs B5c
2 12%c Corn Starch. ......; .15c
4 lbs 10c Laundry -Starch.. 25e
Gallon Pure Vinegar. .... . ............ 25e
Imported Castile Soap, 2 bars 45c
Fancy Canned Pears, Peaches or Aprl-
' cots. 3-lb cans, 3 for... .........30c
You can buy at these . prices all week
long as they last.
':; Last week, introducing this fine Mocha
and Java Coffee," 4-lb can, 7Bc — Reg.
' $1.40 r grade. \ . ; * • '¦' ¦
BETTER; BUY A 6 MONTHS' SUPPLY.
Family • Liquor, Bargains —
Family Whisky. AA.bot. OOc— gal. $2.25
.Imported Gin. qts.' OOc— gal $2
Maryland Rye. qts, BOc — gal f 2
Kentucky Bourbon, bot, 4Oc — gal. .$1.85
Rye or Bourbon. 1 bot. 40c— gal... ...«tl.tiT>
$4 to *5 grades, gal. *2.25
$3 to - $0 grades, gal.. $2.75
$1.50 grade Port or Sherry, gal.-. ..... ,75c
$1 grade Claret, qt, 15c — gal. ....... .5Oc
Old Port or Sherry, bot 20o
••Why pay more, for inferior goods? "-
600 boxes fancy Apples, box... 7Bc
3 15c bottles Stuffed Olives. ......... .25c
2 l-lb cans Royal ' Baking ' Powder. . . .75c
Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti, box. 20c
4 lbs 25c Coffee for, BOo
2 cakes Sapollo for... .15c
3 lbs fancy Codfish.... ......25o
' ¦ ; ¦ ' - /-'.V
Mall orders carefully packed.. If you
: cannot get to store telephone fcouth 894 or
drop us a postal, ? 1049 Market st., bet. 6th
'and 7th, opp. Jones or McAllister or Hi-
bernia Bank. ' •¦
GDLDBERq
BQWEN
& CO
Owing to two holidays
next week our regular Spe-
cial Saving Sale will be
postponed until the follow-
ing week
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
¦pedal
Table butter 4° c
Good quality— rcg'ly 50c square—
at this price no orders sent C. O. D.
Guatemala coffee 20c
The best value next to Kona—
reg'ly 25c lb C^:-
Sweet pickleS-i*"* Money 35c
Gherkins— mixed— reg'ly 40c pint
Puree' de foies gras 20c
Teyssonneau— French sandwich
paste— reg'ly 25c can
Olives farcies 27JC
Teyssonneau — olives stuffed
. with anchovies—
reg'ly 30c— 55c bottle
MolaSSeS— reg'ly 75* ? gaHon 55c
New Orleans— good quality ;
MushrOOmS-French 17JC
Choice quality— reg'ly 20c can
Shrimps— German 2OC
North Sea— reg'ly 25c can
Kippered herring 20c
Jdoirs — reg'ly 25c can
Gelatine-cox 15c
Sparkling— dozen gj 60
reg'ly 20c package
Ginger— preserved 30c
Crosse A Blackwell— reg'ly 35c pot
Currant jelly— reg'ly 25c jar 20c
1 lb pure currantjuice and
sugar— Oneida Community
Alkethrepta-chocoiate 25c
Quickly assimilated— reg'ly -*oc can
For Bores, Barns, Scalds, /
tncera. Ringworm, Tetter, A^. t/*M
Erysipelas, Scald Head, X>. // S
Itch, Pimples. Ulotehes, JL. • I
Inflamed Eyelids, Itch- j£T\^ r5*-4
Ins PI1«, arid all Skin j0\ >. <ol
Eruptions— use \ ¦ Ty*"* « I
HEISKELL'S
Ointment
TheyyJl yield to its magical infl wru«e. Bathe
the affected part,n»inic7Ww/', 5«5>"ght
and morning, apply Helskell's Ointment, and
carefollojr.lnafewdayt. Atalldrugtfttisoc.
Send for free book of testimonial*. — <»~«
.JOHNSTON, HOLLO WAY A CO.
681 Coamtrta Bt^ Philadelphia, ,
CUTLERY
em B B w fj3fL SSSs I n9 ' I I I E
r3j a ulj Hi I ™f I I I m
THE STORE OF QUALITY.
Huy at Our (Store and Get tbe Best.
Butter : sq. 45c
Fine Cre&rnerr • 2 squares 85c
Sudurd's Cocoa 1 lb. tins 80c
Finest Imported Swiss Cocoa.
y, lb Una. 4 Of; >; lb tins. 2Oc
Coffee, "Guatemala". . .per lb. 20c
Pnrec de Foi Gras, "leys - . tin 20c
Okra tin 20c
Pimientos Horrones.'^ lb. tins 10c
Large tweet SpanUb Peppers.
Dill Pickles, "German Salt" 4 for 25c
Holland Herring ... .6 for 25c
New Milch.
Olive Oil .....qt. bot 55c
Imported French. ......... ...regular 65c
Sherry, Imported. bot. 75c
Well aged and dry. Regular $1.00.
Whiskey, J£3£?r bot. 65c
4 years old. Gallon 92.5O
Imperial Port or Sherry. . .bot. 25c
Gallon 51.00
226-228 Powell St.
Telephone Hals 618.
Goods delivered to all parts of city and
country.